6.68
Page 17
“Leave the creatures, Ijvani. Fortress Beavers are a part of this world as much as spiders. Leave them.”
“Master, the fireball—”
“No. Alter the spell sigil to erase itself.”
“But Master—”
The skeleton’s mental voice became something like a whine. The Necromancer sighed.
“Enough, Ijvani. You may bring the slime. I will inspect it.”
The skeleton brightened.
“Thank you, Master!”
She erased the fireball and lowered the bone wall. The Defenders of the Cave fled as the noble Healing Slime, trapped, distracted the death-thing. Woe! Woe, for Mrsha the Great and Terrible was not here to do battle with the foul thing! Darkness had triumphed, as the skeleton adjusted the spell sigil that would teleport her back to her foul lair.
Ijvani was nearly done altering the spell as Az’kerash patiently adjusted the teleportation rune on his end. He paused as Ijvani turned her head left and right, ensuring the matrix was perfectly altered.
“What is that strange…?”
“Master? I’m done. Is something wrong?”
The Necromancer paused. He thought he’d sensed something through his connection with Ijvani. But the skeleton wasn’t him, so there was a limit to how far he could extend her natural abilities. He waved a hand.
“No, it’s probably nothing. Teleport back, Ijvani.”
The skeleton smiled as she stepped into the teleportation sigil. At last!
“I’m going home. I’m going—”
 
—-
 
Some days, she wondered if she had less bad days than before. She couldn’t remember. But perhaps, the point wasn’t how many bad days she had, but how she handled them.
Ryoka Griffin tried to smile. And it was easier. It wasn’t forced. She could smile. It wasn’t perfect. It wasn’t like—well, Erin. Or Mrsha. Ryoka was not a happy person.
But she was getting better. That was the point. She couldn’t be perfect, ever. But she was better than before.
Better than last time. She’d be better still next month, hopefully. It was a learning process, and more than that—
She was learning to laugh with people. Ryoka and Fierre sat together in the Huntress’ Haven, eating lunch and laughing. It didn’t matter what they were talking about. Well, it did, but it was just so strange.
Ryoka was relaxing. She had no purpose. She was just…’hanging’. Which was awkward the instant you thought of it like that. But really, it meant she wasn’t running. She wasn’t forcing herself to be social.
It was easy to be her. And wasn’t it wonderful and depressing how rare that feeling was? But as Fierre giggled over a terrible joke Ryoka had made, the young woman found herself smiling.
Just for a moment. Then of course, something happened. In this case, something was Mad Madain. He kicked his way out of his room, growling as he clutched at his head.
“What the fuck is making that racket?”
It was midday, but the man had just woken up. He stared red-eyed at the two young women. Ryoka looked up.
“Sorry, did we wake you, Madain?”
“Too fucking right!”
The man’s glare was designed to start a fight. Part of Ryoka instantly bristled, but she had changed. She nodded towards the door.
“We can leave if you want.”
Ryoka offered casually. If she had to, she’d be angry. But she would leave. And probably…probably not dwell on this moment for the rest of the day. It was a referendum on Madain’s reaction, not her.
And surprisingly, the mad [Innkeeper] paused. He glared, but then he shook his head like a dog.
“Gah. I’m going out. You two stay and chatter like women. Can’t lose my last two bags of coin, can I? Now that bastard [Fistfighter]’s gone.”
Ryoka and Fierre blinked. The Vampire girl looked up at the ceiling quickly.
“Alber’s gone?”
