6.68
Page 11
She grinned. The three Archmages of Wistram paused. Feor, the half-Elf of two hundred years, Naili, the Star Lamia, and Viltach, the Archmage of nobility in Terandria. He, at least, was Human, like Amerys.
But Viltach had none of her intensity in his gaze. They stopped before the magical barrier. Feor spoke slowly.
“Amerys, we are told you have refused to eat for the last week. You must eat.”
“I’m too weak. Feed me.”
“You bit off the last [Mage]’s fingers. Poor Teligrain didn’t deserve that.”
Naili leaned on her staff, looking at Amerys with interest. And wariness. The former Archmage grinned.
“Oops.”
Vilatch’s voice was harsh, impatient. He stared at Amerys, as if she was beneath him. Ignoring the magical wards drawn around her, the antimagic field in her cell, the physical chains and bindings wrapping her.
“You won’t get out of here by resisting. If you starve yourself, we’ll simply be forced to feed you. Be reasonable. If you accept—”
Amerys spat. It was a good shot—the glob of spit hit the force field in front of his face and Viltach recoiled. She laughed as the Archmage reddened. Naili hid her own smile as Viltach cursed at her.
“Never. I will swear no oath. Release me or kill me. If you had the courage, you’d have done one or the other long ago, Viltach.”
“You do not get to make demands, Amerys. You are our captive.”
“Political prisoner.”
Feor corrected Viltach with a frown. The Human glared. And again, Amerys laughed. She was, Naili reflected, good at it. The mocking laughter bothered the three Archmages. It was contemptuous of their position, their power. Everything about them. Amerys caught herself and shook her head.
“Tell me, Feor. Viltach. Naili. Does Cognita not still rule Wistram? Because you talk as if you do.”
The Archmages paused. Naili smiled at Amerys.
“Not yet. But we’ve got more Earthers on our side. Did I tell you about the shock orb I made? It’s nearly as good as a Level 30 [Lighting Mage] on its own, Amerys. We are advancing in power. And you—”
“Nailihuaile.”
The Lamia fell silent as Feor shot her a warning glance. Amerys just laughed again.
“You think you’ll beat Cognita with tricks from another world?”
She shook her head as far as the chain would allow her. She looked at Feor, the ancient Archmage of nearly two hundred years.
“You are a fool. Put your ‘Earthers’ against true magic, Feor. Against the kind of magic that tears at time and created the Golems of Wistram! Place another world against my King. He will devour and destroy it. And I will join him. You cannot keep me here forever.”
“You will not escape so long as we do not come to an accord, Amerys.”
“Really.”
“Yes.”
Amerys rolled her eyes. She looked past Feor.
“Naili. I will ally Reim with the Revivalists and give you Wistram if you set me free.”
Viltach and Feor both wavered. Naili hesitated.
“When you say—”
“Archmage Naili!”
Feor looked at her. Naili closed her mouth. Amerys looked past her.
“Viltach, then. Or one of the other ‘Archmages’. You cannot keep everything balanced, Feor. I will get out.”
The half-Elf hesitated. He motioned and the Archmages drew back, conferring. At last, Feor stepped back.
“Tricks will not get you anywhere, Amerys. Consider our offer.”
“Go back and hide in your rooms from Cognita, Feor.”
The half-Elf turned away stiffly. Amerys watched him go. She kept smiling, a moment longer. They were coming more often again. They must be getting worried. She paused. And then Amerys sighed.
“I’m bored.”
 
—-
 
