6.68
Page 10
He paused. Orthenon saw a flash of discontent pass over the King of Destruction’s face. The [Steward] thought now was a good time to bring up another point.
“There is another factor I would like to bring up, my King. Hence my return to the capital. Takhatres reports that the Empire of Sands has pulled back multiple armies and [Mage] battalions. His tribe has begun taking casualties.”
Flos grimaced. He looked back at the approaching lines of refugees.
“Tell him to buy me the summer if he can do so without losing his tribe. The summer, Orthenon. And I will have a position to fight the Empire of Sands from. How far has it grown?”
“By summer’s end, it may be half as large as Nerrhavia’s Fallen. And its armies are gaining in level rapidly, my King.”
“A race?”
Gazi looked at Orthenon. The [Steward] folded his arms.
“That is not how I would describe it, Gazi. Reim must consolidate its power. The only thing protecting us is distance—”
“And Takhatres. Let him hold the Empire of Sands at bay as long as he can, Orthenon. I must prepare Reim. Or it will shatter in the first true conflict.”
There was no denying that. Orthenon bowed. Flos nodded and turned away. He grew pensive, and he stared north. And east. As if he could see…his voice was low.
“Amerys. I have sent letters to Wistram, Orthenon, but I have no strength abroad. Yet I must see her. If it is her choice to remain, I would hear it from her. The last of my Seven is needed. All of you are. But if it is her choice—”
“She would not abandon you, your Majesty.”
Gazi murmured. Flos nodded.
“Not the Amerys I knew. So then—what? Wistram feigns ignorance, but I have no patience for lies and petty politics. They have Amerys. So—Orthenon.”
He turned his head. The [Steward] smiled coldly.
“Your Majesty’s will?”
The King of Destruction paused. And then he spoke, calmly.
“Publically—yes, publically—[Message] the Iron Vanguard. The Seer of Steel, or the Mithril—ask them how much the Iron Vanguard would ask to take Wistram.”
Gazi’s brows rose. Orthenon considered the state of the treasury. He opened his mouth, and Gazi interrupted.
“I have a better idea, my lord. One that need not beggar Reim?”
Flos’ cold look vanished. He looked at Gazi and raised one eyebrow.
“Oh? Then I’ll hear it, Gazi.”
“Later, my Lord. Out of public?”
“Of course. Hold on asking the Iron Vanguard, Orthenon. They’re the only ones with a navy, aren’t they? A pity.”
The King of Destruction looked at Gazi and she smiled her enigmatic smile. Orthenon sighed. He looked at Gazi, and then at the King of Destruction.
“One question, your Majesty? You will have your armies, and your vassals and perhaps even magic and artifacts. But you have sworn peace. You have no cause to declare war, even on the nations that brought down Tiqr.”
Flos paused. He sighed, drumming his fingers on the railing. He shook his head as he looked out at his people.
“I do not need to declare war, Orthenon. I think, perhaps I fear, that I will have more than enough reason soon enough. After all, this is Chandrar. Now, come. I must greet my people.”
He smiled, ruefully. His hair blew in the dry breeze as he turned.
“This should prove to be a most interesting summer.”
 
—-
 
“Amerys.”
Three of them greeted her. The shackled, bound prisoner didn’t respond at first. Only when one of them called her name again did she raise her head.
“Ah. Feor. Naili. Viltach. Back again?”
