6.68
Page 16
He kept coming back to it. It was…strange. Ijvani felt her master’s elation, then him suppressing it, growing calm. And then—memory.
His. Perril Chandler stood on a battlefield. Alone. No one stood with him. No one living. They had all fled. Ijvani saw them, saw the bright [Knights] in retreat, their banners broken. Saw faces she half-recognized from her master’s thoughts. Saw a face like Bea’s looking back.
But she did not stand with him. Perril Chandler stood alone on Calanfer’s borders, as four armies advanced. But the [Necromancer] never stepped back. 
The broken dead of Calanfer stirred. Four kingdoms halted their approach as the dead rose. Alone, the Necromancer of Terandria stood. And that day, he earned the title of Archmage of Wistram. That day, they called him the Undying Shield of Calanfer. When he stood. Alone—
But he had not been alone. The memory, which was glorious and overshadowed by bitter regret changed. Ijvani saw a memory of a young man, standing with his team. Holding hands with a half-Elf. And she felt something rise in her master. Something…soft.
The skeleton looked down at her own empty ribcage. Oh, wait—not empty. The Healing Slime shivered as she poked at it. Around Ijvani, the Defenders of the Cave hid. For death walked among them. The [Blackfire Fireball] still burned in Ijvani’s mouth, ready to detonate as the teleportation sigil gleamed around her.
Her master’s voice was slow. Thoughtful.
“The Horns of Hammerad. Perhaps. Perhaps I have been without allies for too long. And there are a few, even now…Fetohep? He and I have never spoken, despite my admiration. Why did I never venture…?”
He paused.
“Loyalty to hearth and home. Ah.”
His laughter was tired. But it was laughter. And Ijvani sensed her master’s thoughts splitting again. In a new direction.
“Allies. A few. The Stitch Witch, for one. Does she remain on Izril? Perhaps. Perhaps—”
Once more.
“They never ran. And she—she came back for him. ‘There are worse monsters than me’.”
Softly, Az’kerash sighed. And Ijvani hesitated. She was loathe to interrupt him. But it was time. She yearned to see him. She spoke.
“Master. Should I return home?”
Az’kerash paused.
“Yes. Return, Ijvani. Erase the sigil as you leave.”
“Yes, Master.”
Happily. Ijvani took the burning, compressed fireball out of her mouth. She inspected the black flames, ready to detonate, let it hover in the air. At last she could use the spell.
The Defenders of the Cave froze as a wall of bone rose, trapping them in the cave. Shield Spiders and Fortress Beavers scuttled towards the entrance, away from the fireball. But the wall of bone was absolute. They scratched at the wall. But the flickering fireball began to pulse. Expand. The skeleton stepped into the teleportation sigil.
And stopped. Something was pounding at her chest. Like a heartbeat. She looked down.
“Stop that.”
The Healing Slime was trying to stop her. It felt the power waiting to be unleashed in the fireball. It threw itself against Ijvani’s ribcage, making a tiny sound. And both she and the Necromancer heard it.
“Ijvani? What are you doing?”
Guiltily, the skeleton tried to hide the slime.
“Nothing, Master. It is just a slime I found. It reminds me of Oom.”
“Show it to me.”
The skeleton pulled the healing slime out. It writhed, trying to get away as Az’kerash stared at it.
“Odd. That’s no slime I am familiar with. The magic in it looks—is that a potion of speed? No—”
Ijvani felt something biting her leg. She looked down, casually kicked. A Fortress Beaver went spinning across the floor. Az’kerash paused. He frowned.
