6.68
Page 20
She wiped her feet on the street, getting some mud off it before she walked down the pristine stone walkway. She hoped there was a rug. Maybe just wipe her feet on the grass over there?
The double doors opened, catching the young woman trying to wipe her feet on the soft grass. She froze as a [Maid] appeared in the doorway. Definitely a [Maid], dressed in the Victorian-era dress. The woman eyed Ryoka.
“Can I help you, Miss?”
“Sorry. City Runner. May I speak to Miss Rose? Or Mister Joseph?”
Ryoka flashed her Runner’s Seal. It didn’t work as well on the [Maid]. She studied Ryoka up and down.
“May I ask if this is a delivery, Miss Runner?”
“Um—no. I’m actually just a friend. Well—I don’t know the—”
Ryoka hesitated. This felt awfully familiar. She tried again, smiling.
“Sorry. I’d just like to talk to Rose. Or Joseph? Imani? Galina? Troy?”
The [Maid]’s face grew more hostile with each name. Ryoka knew there were three others, but Erin had never remembered their names. She hesitated.
“I’m—are they inside? May I speak with them?”
“I’m afraid I do not know who you’re referring to, Miss Runner. This is the estate of Lady Magnolia Reinhart. She is not inside at present. Perhaps you have the wrong address?”
The [Maid] looked at Ryoka. The City Runner sighed. She’d thought it would come to that. Now, what was old Ryoka’s move? Challenge the [Maid] to a fistfight, probably. So…don’t do that at any cost.
“I’m sorry. I’m aware this is Magnolia Reinhart’s estate.”
“Ah, then perhaps—”
“I know they’re living here. And Magnolia Reinhart knows me.”
The [Maid] paused, one hand on the door. She looked back at Ryoka suspiciously. The City Runner tried to smile.
“I’m Ryoka Griffin. I…I’m like the others. Lady Magnolia knows me. Can I just have a word? Please?”
The woman’s eyes flickered at Ryoka’s name. She looked at Ryoka, and then she stepped back.
“One moment, Miss Runner. I shall inquire within.”
She closed the door. Ryoka stood outside, shifting from foot to foot. She sensed people on the street, idly passing by and watching, probably wondering what delivery Magnolia Reinhart was getting. One of them called out to her, cheerfully.
“Hoi, Miss Runner! You’re arriving at a busy time, eh? You’re that Wind Runner, aren’t you? Can you conjure us a breeze?”
He was loitering around with a few of his buddies, male and female. Ryoka grinned and waved at them. A little breeze blew their way. The man laughed.
“You’re alright, then! Hey, you lot—fifteen minutes before break’s up!”
He turned back to his companions. Ryoka refocused on the door, smiling. Yeah, smile. She saw the door open—the [Maid] reappeared.
“I’m afraid Lady Reinhart’s orders are quite clear, Miss Griffin. There are to be no visitors. Kindly remove yourself from the grounds at once.”
Ryoka sighed.
“Look, I know Magnolia doesn’t think highly of me. Are those her orders directly, or just in general? Can I send her a message? I promise, I just want to talk. Make a trade—”
“I’m afraid my orders are quite clear, Miss Ryoka. Please leave, before I am forced to summon the Watch.”
The City Runner bit her lip.
“Look. Does Magnolia Reinhart know I’m here? If not, can you let her know? I’ll leave! Just let her know I’d like to talk. And—”
A shadow appeared behind the [Maid]. The Human woman glanced back and moved out of the way.
“And what were you intending to do, Miss Ryoka Griffin?”
