6.68
Page 22
“Ressa, it does bother me, but forging an alliance is essential. Izril cannot descend into war. Not with the Necromancer and the Antinium. This [Trade War] is forcing the hand of the local nobility. I’ll do a circuit before I leave. Mend as many bridges once they’re inclined to listen. But we must have peace with the Drakes. It won’t be more than a week, at most.”
“And a dangerous trip, even if we use the carriage.”
“I rather think we won’t. By sea, Ressa. Let’s not alarm the Drakes. Although I’d like to bring the carriage…we must go over our planned entrance. And all these gifts.”
Magnolia sighed. Planning out a thoughtful gift for each Drake she planned on meeting was taxing even her ability to host. Over a hundred gifts were already neatly packed away and it was a king’s ransom of goodwill she hoped to buy. But that was the good and bad thing; you could buy goodwill among Drakes with a good present. They were refreshingly straight forward in that way. Like Dragons.
“Speaking of which…I wonder if Teriarch knows about him. Or her? Both of them? Neither?”
Ressa looked confused. Magnolia’s relationship with Teriarch was something even the [Head Maid] and Magnolia’s oldest friend didn’t know the full details of. She herself had met Teriarch…fourteen times.
“How wouldn’t he?”
“He sleeps. And I think he’s stopped caring about the Walled Cities—no. Surely he knows. Perhaps he doesn’t. Either way, I’d better prepare—no, wait. I’m not supposed to know. And I imagine the Drakes will not take it well if I suggest that I know. For now. Or ever, perhaps. They would be rather…I wonder how many know themselves?”
The [Lady] mused out loud. Ressa shrugged.
“Maybe telling them is worth something politically. Why not try it and see what happens?”
“Ressa, you would be a terrible [Politician]. Either I start a war or…no! Absolutely not.”
“Fine. But what name am I crossing off the list?”
“Oh—that one. No, wait. I’ll still meet him. So…just make a little note?”
Ressa pointedly made a note on the paper, all without taking her eyes off Magnolia. The [Lady] ignored the look.
“Now, let’s discuss what to bring again. I may have to bother the old man—either old man—for a better bag of holding. I simply must bring enough magical mirrors to communicate with. Or those terribly gauche talking marble busts. But bringing so many artifacts together in a limited space without having them all explode or react to one another is…”
“Expensive.”
Magnolia threw her own quill at Ressa. The [Head Maid] caught it deftly. The [Lady] scowled.
“Difficult! Ressa, we are sparing no expense. This is our one chance to end this ridiculous conflict between Humans and Drakes. They wouldn’t even let one of our ships into Zeres’ harbor most times, let alone brook the idea of peace! It has to go well. These Drake [Ladies] are the one sensible option we have, and if I have to give them half of the artifacts Regis has plundered from them over the years—”
She broke off and Ressa saw Magnolia’s eyelids flicker. The [Head Maid] bit off the retort she was making about how many cargo ships that would take and looked at Magnolia, worried. The [Lady] paled.
“Wait. Something’s…”
Her head snapped around, staring at some unseen sight. Ressa reached for her dagger reflexively.
“What is it? The Stitch Witch? I thought you said she was moving away from—”
“No. Ryoka. The children are in danger. Warn Bekia!”
Ressa shot to her feet.
“Reynold is already on the way.”
She shot out of the room. Magnolia looked around.
“Ryoka Griffin. What has she done?”
 
—-
 
