6.68
Page 21
Ryoka looked up. A towering Gnoll appeared in the doorway. She was definitely she. And she had on a maid’s outfit, complete with a headband. But…it had to be said that she really carried the black and white dress well, but it just didn’t suit…her. Ryoka recognized the Gnoll.
“Uh—”
“We’ve met before, yes? Tell me, Miss Griffin. Are you planning on forcing your way into the mansion? Because that would be most inconvenient for the staff. Yes?”
Bekia, the Gnoll [Maid] was about, oh, seven feet tall. And her arms were thick with muscle. Most importantly though—she was built for that height. Gnolls weren’t Humans, where seven feet tall was an aberration.
They, male or female, were perfectly capable of living long lives at such heights. And fighting with all the height and weight and reach that entailed. Bekia looked like she could take apart a heavyweight boxing division, male or female. She grinned down at Ryoka. The six-foot-tall runner girl stepped back
“We have met. I was at Lady Magnolia’s mansion. You remember me?”
“I’ve seen you. Hrr. I hear you cause trouble from Theofore. Will I have trouble, Miss Ryoka?”
“Um. No. I just want to talk.”
Ryoka raised her hands carefully. The Gnoll [Maid] inspected her. She frowned.
“Are you sure? What if I poked you?”
She raised one huge paw and poked Ryoka with a furry finger. Ryoka edged back.
“What? No! I’m just talking. I won’t cause trouble. I’ll leave if—who’s Thomast?”
Bekia paused. She looked disappointed.
“Pity. I thought you’d try to beat Nerrissa.”
“Is that why I had to answer the door?”
The Human woman looked outraged. Bekia shrugged. She turned to Nerrissa and shook her head.
“Inform Lady Reinhart that Ryoka Griffin wishes to see the children. Come in, Miss Ryoka. Would you like some tea?”
She opened the door and Ryoka stared at her. Bekia grinned with all her teeth.
“You could always throw a punch too. That would be most welcome.”
 
—-
 
“She’s where? And she just walked up? She—did she punch anyone? Scream? Prevaricate in any way? No? That is odd. I wonder if she’s come down with something.”
Lady Magnolia Reinhart spoke into the little speaking stone as she sat with Ressa. They had broken off deliberations about the upcoming visit to Oteslia at the sudden news that Ryoka Griffin had found the place where Magnolia’s guests were staying. Ressa listened intently as Magnolia drummed her fingers. She pointed at Ressa.
“Send Reynold over at once.”
Ressa nodded and vanished. Magnolia spoke a few more words—Ressa reappeared.
“He’ll be there in less than thirty minutes. Should Bekia detain Ryoka Griffin?”
“Not forcibly. Not, Nerrissa. Have her sent to me. No—by all means, let her talk with the children. Tell me what she says. Thank you!”
Magnolia cheerfully ended the call and turned to Ressa. The [Head Maid] raised her eyebrows.
“Ryoka Griffin found the children from Earth. What does she want?”
“I imagine we’ll find out, Ressa. Now, back to our visit. What’s an appropriate gift for—who’s next on our list? Ah, Helessia Gemscale. And Navine Gemscale. Both Ladies of the Wall of Salazsar. So not gemstones, then.”
Ressa tsked as Magnolia went back to her list.
“Magnolia. Are you sure this is the time to be travelling around Izril? The Guild of Assassins has been too quiet. And the Circle of Thorns—doesn’t it bother you?”
The [Lady] looked up with a sigh.
