6.68
Page 13
“It was a struggle, yes. Perhaps too large a gamble, but Elirr—I hope to take as much as we give. And we have much to discuss. Gnolls must move as one to deliberate over Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin. I hope to gather aid from our mightiest and wisest. I only have a few fears. Such as—”
“Mrsha.”
The old Gnoll looked into his cup. Krshia nodded somberly.
“She must come to the Gnollm—the meeting of tribes.”
“I fear for her safety.”
Elirr offered that cautiously. Krshia hesitated.
“We will look after her. The Silverfang tribe all will. But she must come, you agree, yes?”
He sighed.
“Yes. Magic and white fur. The other tribes must see and witness. But I have heard that the Magus Grimalkin, he is training another Gnoll capable of magic. That is strange, yes?”
Krshia paused.
“Strange indeed. Our grudge of four decades against Wistram is passing odd. How could they not have known? Perhaps—”
She broke off, waved a paw.
“We shall see. Honored Elirr, I am nervous and excited for the future. Our people have enough enemies, let alone infighting. The Raskghar is my second fear.”
“Honored Krshia, they are my nightmare. But while some remain—let us speak of happier things on the end of Rerrk.”
“True. My apologies.”
Another drink. Krshia smiled, looking at Elirr. Her chest beat with excitement, but the moment was far off yet. Still. She dreamed of it. Seeing her sister again. Seeing her tribe. This time…she raised her cup.
“To the future. Let the tribes gather.”
The two Gnolls drank a third time. After a moment, Krshia looked over.
“Hrr. Elirr, your cats are trying to drink the alcohol.”
She pointed at the cats, who’d knocked a bottle into a water dish.
Elirr just sighed.
“I’m convinced they’re trying to kill themselves. One day, I’ll let them.”
 
—-
 
Cats were intelligent. Dogs were fairly smart. But raised by a [Beast Trainer], let alone a [Beast Master], animals could be scarily intelligent. That was how two Antinium walking down the street saw a pillar of cats unlock Elirr’s door and then charge out into the street. The irate Gnoll raced after them.
“Get back here! You’re not getting dinner if you run off! Come back!”
He raced after the cats, grabbing the slow ones and bringing them back. The intelligent felines grumbled, and a few, wary of Elirr’s threat, crept back inside. But most, like cats will, ignored the Gnoll and happily escaped for a few hours of freedom.
“Why do I raise them? Why do Drakes love you pestilential creatures so?”
The Gnoll trotted past the Antinium, talking to a happy cat, too busy to notice them. The two Antinium watched him enter the shop.
If Elirr had been watchful, he might have noticed that the two Antinium were…different. They were both much like Soldiers. They had four arms, the same general build—but their bodies looked even more reinforced than the average Soldier. And they had fingers on their four hands, not the stubs most Soldiers used for combat and little else.
The two Antinium stared at the Gnoll’s shop. One of them turned and opened his mandibles. He spoke, another huge clue.
“What were those things, Prognugator Tersk?”
“I believe they were known as ‘cats’, Prognugator Dekass. They are listed as safe consumables and also kept as animals of reconnaissance and scouting roles in Drake society.”
“Ah. Infiltrators. Very clever.”
