7.00
Page 6
The statue was set in a rebuilt part of Esthelm. Fals didn’t know its history. Nor did he care to find out. He stared at the image of the girl with a basket of flowers and wondered over it and the inscription only for a second. He paused, and then headed right.
Miss Ediya was indeed an old woman, but she had a glint to her eyes suggesting that her faculties had only sharpened with age. Indeed, she nailed Fals with a question the instant he entered her shaded, blessedly cool store.
“Cooling stone, right?”
“Yes Ma’am. Are you Miss Ediya?”
“If I wasn’t, that’d be an awfully odd question to ask, wouldn’t it, lad?”
The woman grinned and patted her desk. Fals walked forwards after brushing his dirty shoes against the doormat. Miss Ediya’s shop was cluttered—mainly with little stones with delicate sigils etched on them. There was very little space for a customer; the counter encircled Fals on three sides. Most of the shop was the [Runecrafter]’s workspace. The old woman was probably in her sixties, but she was quite fit as she bent to one side, grabbing for her desk.
“Let’s see. I have a dozen finished cooling stones. They’re selling quick! You want a high-grade one?”
“Actually, I’d prefer it cheap. I don’t have much money to spend on an expensive artifact—”
“Artifact? Where?”
Ediya grinned, exposing a missing tooth, but a lot of quite white, straight ones as well. She laughed at Fals’ expression.
“I don’t do high-level work like that, young man. And my work’s cheap enough for anyone! Here. Take a look at this. Esthelm specialty, right here.”
She brought out a small stone, about as long as his thumb, long and oval. It was a piece of lapis lazuli, polished but not shaped; Fals could see some other stone trapped in the material. Nevertheless, even this simple stone had a brilliant glitter to it. And what was more—
Magic. Fals saw the glittering rune etched into the stone as Ediya turned it towards him. It was a faint glitter, but it caught the light in an odd, enticing way. He blinked.
“How much?”
“One gold, three silver.”
Ediya shot Fals a calculating look. He winced. She tapped it.
“Don’t run off just yet. It can be recharged. And it will keep you cool! [Runecrafter]’s oath.”
He wasn’t sure he wanted to drop an entire gold piece on a cooling charm, no matter how hot it was. To buy time, Fals looked at Miss Ediya.
“[Runecrafter], Miss Ediya? I thought there were [Runesmiths].”
She laughed again.
“[Runesmith] is someone who got into runecraft from, well, metallurgy. They’ll engrave runes into their armor. Or sword hilts…it’s still not the same as a [Rune Master] or a higher-level class. And [Runecrafter] is someone who can’t swing a hammer or use magic like an expert! How about it? Give it a try.”
She pressed the stone into Fals’ hand after tapping it. Instantly, Fals felt his body cool down even further. He bit his lip. This was nice.
“It’s good, Miss Ediya. But a gold piece and three silver is a lot.”
“Call it one silver and one gold piece, then. And call it an investment. This summer’s only going to get hotter.”
The old woman eyed Fals as the City Runner mulled it over. He inspected the stone.
“It’s impressive how magic happens with a rune. And it just needs a bit of lapis lazuli?”
The [Runecrafter] snorted.
“Runes are just complex magical spells simplified. You can’t see half of what’s written here, young man! Nor can I simply write a cooling rune on any bit of stone I have around! I need pure lapis to hold the spell. It’s complex, and the magic doesn’t come from nowhere!”
“Of course not. I only meant…is the stone from around here?”
