7.00
Page 8
“Really? We could speed up this shipment of ore if you had a horse…oh well. I have the letters here…and a little sample here…it’s fragile. Be careful. I think it’s an ore—bound straight for an [Alchemist]. Appraisal. Don’t drop it, please.”
“Never.”
Fals took the letters and bound package, adding them to his mental list of destinations. The [Receptionist] sighed as she looked for anything else he could earn money from.
“That’s all, I think. Sorry, but we are close enough to Liscor that there’s no real money…”
“I understand. A silver’s enough for me. I’m already getting paid for a delivery.”
Fals patted his Runner’s pack. The [Receptionist] nodded. Of course. There was no point to Fals running all this way if he was just looking for work. She made a few notations, marking that he had all the deliveries she’d given him. Then she paused.
“Odd. We haven’t had a delivery from Celum through here in months. You’re the fifth one this week. What’s changed?”
The City Runner grinned a bit ruefully.
“No magic door. There was one from Liscor to Celum, but…”
“Oh. That’s right! The magical door!”
The woman’s eyes went round. She looked around, and then leaned forwards conspiratorially.
“You know, we have one too. That magical door-thing.”
“Really?”
Fals raised his brows. He vaguely recalled that. The [Receptionist] nodded.
“It brings us straight to Liscor. It was marvelous! Our [Miners] could bring ore straight to Liscor! And they brought a bunch of gifts. There was this Drake a while back—and the [Innkeeper] of course. The one that owns the door. Did you know she kicked out Commander Deint?”
“Who? I’m sorry, I hadn’t heard.”
“Our leader! Well, I say leader, but he was more like a [Tyrant]. No one could do anything about him, or rather, no one was going to. I didn’t really think how bad it was, but that [Innkeeper] marched in here and well, got rid of him! It was like magic!”
Fals had little interest in the politics of a single city like Esthelm. But the [Receptionist]’s description rang all kinds of bells in his head. He leaned over the counter.
“By ‘that [Innkeeper]’, do you mean a young woman? Around my age?”
“That’s the one. The owner of the inn. The Wandering Inn. I hear it’s a strange place. Filled with Goblins! Imagine! I’d never visit, even when the door was working. Goblins were the ones who attacked Esthelm. Them and the damned Goblin Lord. Although…”
The [Receptionist] shuddered and paused. She glanced out the window. In the direction of the plaza with the statue. Fals coughed.
“There aren’t that many anymore. I’ve actually been to the inn. I know the [Innkeeper].”
“Do you really?”
Another wide-eyed look. The [Receptionist] was all too eager to chat. But Fals was glancing out the window. He had to run, so he smiled apologetically.
“I’d love to stay and talk, but the door’s actually giving me a job.”
The woman’s face fell.
“Oh, that’s right. I’m sorry, I know you City Runners are always out and about. I suppose the door is why we’ve been getting more of you. It’s been inactive, right? For the last two weeks! But then—you heard what happened?”
“Oh yes.”
Fals inhaled. Word had spread in Celum as well as everywhere else. The [Receptionist] shuddered.
“Crelers. And the inn’s gone. Destroyed, or so they say. But then, I haven’t been to Liscor. Lots of folks are heading down there, though. There’s work to be had. Say—could you ask when the door will be working again? I mean, if it’s not broken? It would be nice to walk around another city. Assuming there aren’t too many Goblins in Liscor, of course.”
