7.00
Page 17
“We are a team, but calling us ‘friends’ or ‘pals’ or ‘chums’ is a painful stretch in my opinion.”
“Huh? Why’s that? Klb, buddy, you’re wounding me.”
“I am increasingly reluctant to tie myself in a familiar way to you, Relc. Mainly due to your ineptitude and lackadaisical attitude at work, which is earning you the derision of our coworkers.”
“…But we’re best friends. Klb! You have to stick by me! I’m your only friend! Name one other friend than me!”
The Antinium paused as they carried the door to the waiting inn. He glanced up at the wide hill and shook his head.
“Erin.”
“…Name one other friend.”
“…Jeiss?”
“Aha! See? You don’t have anyone but me! Jeiss hates your guts.”
“He does not. We maintain a cordial working relationship.”
“We’re best pals, Klb. You can’t be pals with Erin. Erin likes everyone. Anyways, what would you do without me?”
“Enjoy my life?”
Relc kicked at Klbkch, but he missed as the Antinium twisted out of the way. They stared at each other. Then Relc jerked his head towards the inn.
“Let’s just get this door up there, huh, coworker?”
“Yes.”
The two headed up the hill. And there it stood. The Wandering Inn. Relc peered up at the front of the building. He paused. Klbkch felt him edging left.
“Stop that.”
“Huh. It looks…different. Doesn’t it, Klb?”
“The design is fundamentally changed, yes. Were you not aware of this fact despite me repeating it to you several times throughout the week?”
“Klb, Klb…I don’t listen to you all the time. Ow!”
Relc glared as Klbkch kicked him. Then he went back to staring up at the inn.
“Strange. It looks…strange.”
Klbkch turned his head. And even the Antinium Revalantor couldn’t find a snippy comeback to that. As the two made their way up the hill, they looked at The Wandering Inn.
Aesthetically, there wasn’t much wrong with it. The inn’s solid stone foundation turned into thick walls, forming the base of the inn. And the first floor, three times as large as it had once been, was already done. Stone had been neatly piled up, and then cemented into a hard mass. Wooden beams joined wooden structure as the inn grew taller.
The inn wasn’t one building, the two [Guardsmen] saw, but a compound. It wasn’t solidly roofed, but rather looked as though one central building would be connected to several smaller ones when finished. As it was, the inn was wide as it was tall. And figures were crawling on the roof.
“Ants.”
“Workers.”
Klbkch corrected Relc reprovingly. The Drake was pointing out the Workers busily constructing a second floor. The Antinium had already built several rooms; Relc and Klbkch could actually stare into one as an Antinium laid the flooring. And more were busily covering a roof with fluted tiles. But what drew the eye was a little tower that had been built on the finished roof.
On the hypothetical third floor—which was also in construction—someone had nailed together a few boards very haphazardly, and with scavenged wood and determination, made a ramshackle tower. Both Klbkch and Relc saw a little Antinium Worker happily standing in his perch. He waved at them and Relc waved back.
Some things never changed. But as Relc approached the front of the inn he realized some things did.
“Look. Double doors. Fancy.”
He poked the large wooden doors, reminiscent of a castle’s doors. In fact…Relc squinted up at the inn in progress. When it was done, it would rather be like a castle. Without spires or battlements, but with….inner and outer parts. And the keep waited within.
“Huh. Hey, how did Erin pay for all this?”
