7.00
Page 10
The two parents, who’d been brightening, paused. Relc paused. He scratched his head, held up a finger, and sidled over to the Gnoll who was doing the same job next to him.
“Psst. Tkrn. Where do they go if they want work?”
“The Mason’s Guild! Right down Tellshale road!”
Tkrn growled at Relc. The Gnoll looked exasperated as he waved his people in line through. He was working a lot faster than Relc. Fals, and several other people in line, eying the two [Guards] at work, quickly switched to Tkrn’s line. Relc sighed. He went back over to the family and waved at Tkrn.
“Right. What he said. They’ll find you a job and houses. And stuff. Now…oh wait!”
He blocked them as the family tried to scurry past. Vaguely, Relc reached for a sheaf of parchment.
“Let me just make sure you’re not a wanted criminal. I have a list. And illustrations, see? If you look like anyone on this list, I get to stab you. Probably through the knees.”
One of the girls squeaked and the father protectively shielded her, growing pale. Relc rolled his eyes as Tkrn glared at him.
“Don’t worry! It’s only adults. Oh, wait, there’s a kid on here. Hm. Hm. Nah. You’re not on the list. You’re almost free to go.”
The family relaxed, then stiffened at the ‘almost’. Relc smiled as he leaned on his spear.
“Just one last question. On a scale of one to a hundred, how well do you think I’m doing my job? One hundred being the best, obviously.”
The two parents looked at each other, dumbfounded. Tkrn shook his head, exasperated. Then a roar echoed from behind Relc.
“Senior Guardsman Relc!”
“Oh shit.”
The Drake whirled and saluted. Watch Captain Zevara herself strode up to the gates. She glared at Relc.
“Hi, Watch Captain Z.”
“Senior Guardsman, you are the worst, most incompetent guardsman I have ever had the misfortune of working with! And you!”
Zevara pointed at the family and moderated her tone as one of the girls hid behind their parents. The Drake coughed. She looked around, and tried to smile.
“Um. I’m terribly sorry for my [Guardsman]’s performance. Please, go on ahead.”
She ushered the family through the gates, offering apologies. The wide-eyed family watched Zevara go and the twitching smile she tried to keep on her face. When they were gone, Zevara grabbed Relc.
“Can’t you do a single job right you—”
“Hey! I was just asking for—ow! Watch Captain! That hurts my feelings!”
Bemused, Fals watched as another Gnoll took Relc’s position and the people waiting were checked in within a matter of minutes. The Gnoll, Tkrn, blinked when he saw Fals.
“Ah, City Runner, yes? Sorry, this line was for the immigrants. Travellers. City Runners can pass. We should have waved you through. Or someone should have.”
He turned and glared at Relc, who was still being chewed out by the Watch Captain.
“Oh, really?”
Fals was a bit put out by that. Still, it was only a few minutes. Tkrn looked past him at a group of wagons headed his way. He sighed and Fals offered him a sympathetic smile.
“Busy day?”
“Not by half. Hrr. Have we met?”
The Gnoll sniffed politely at Fals. The Human paused.
“I’ve been to the city a few times. I’m actually bound to the Runner’s Guild to make a few deliveries. You wouldn’t happen to know a…Miss Raekea, would you? [Blacksmith]?”
“Ah! You mean Councilwoman Raekea. She’s no longer just a [Blacksmith].”
Tkrn puffed out his chest as Fals blinked. The City Runner blinked as Tkrn explained.
