7.00
Page 15
The Humans were horrified. The Drakes and Gnolls began arguing.
“No she’s not! She employs a [Necromancer]. But her [Barmaid]’s are undead.”
“No, no. They’re the Goblins. She’s got like, a dozen of them.”
“She’s not right in the head. I thought all Humans were like that, but apparently she’s weird, even by Human standards. Sir, can you spit blood at will?”
“Me? No!”
The [Foreman] looked alarmed. One of the Drakes nodded wisely.
“Ah, well, she can. It’s like a breath attack. She’s one of the Oldblood, except Human.”
Selys covered her face. But she listened, with delight and chagrin. So did the newcomers to the city.
“They say she killed the Goblin Lord.”
“She fought off the Face-Eater Moths. And Skinner. Her inn’s survived the Raskghar! I heard she tore one of them apart with her bare hands.”
“She beat a Minotaur at arm-wrestling. She’s got a punch to prove it. Swear to it. I saw her lay out a fellow one time—”
“She owns a pet bee. And she was a [Thief]! We expelled her from the city, but there she is. An [Innkeeper]. Credit to her, I say, all things forgiven.”
“Absolutely mad. Quite charming. Good singing voice too. But absolutely mad.”
“Do Humans have testicles? I’m asking for a friend.”
At this, Selys had to laugh. And her laughter made the line go silent. People turned to her as Selys approached the Human family. She saw the two girls hide behind their parents. But Selys smiled without showing her teeth, and saw two faces peek at her. She addressed the parents, who might have never really talked to a Drake before. The Gnolls and Drakes of Liscor hadn’t known many Humans before Erin, after all. And there were still misconceptions.
“Excuse me, but if you want to visit the inn, why not stop by after you finish up here? It’s opening today. Reopening, I should say.”
The news caught everyone off-guard, not just the Humans. One of the Humans, the [Foreman], turned to Selys.
“So it’s true? The inn’s back? But I heard it was destroyed.”
One of the Gnolls laughed.
“You can’t just destroy The Wandering Inn! It’s more than just an inn! It’s like a—part of the city! Where would we be without that crazy Human? It’s a symbol. A metaphor.”
Hesna shook her head.
“You mean, a mushroom. You just can’t get rid of it. Those Humans keep coming back…”
She grunted as the Gnoll standing behind her elbowed her in the stomach. The Humans looked warily at the Drakes and Gnolls. They were new to Liscor. And Selys sighed, seeing a few very Lism-esque glances. But then she smiled. She turned back to the Human family and shook her head.
“The Wandering Inn was destroyed. But it’s back. It’s just a little different.”
The listeners looked at her. The wife glanced at her children, and her husband, and cleared her throat.
“How different, exactly?”
 
—-
 
There, on a hill, sat an inn. It had been destroyed. Or so the rumors claimed. But that had been two weeks ago. A short time. Or a long one. Because for all that time, the inn had been closed. But now, today, this moment in fact, it was reopening.
The first visitors were already lined up outside the magical door that would let them into the inn. Because who wanted to walk even the short distance to the inn? But the magical door wasn’t working just yet. Like the inn, it had been out of commission these last two weeks.
Fals found himself waiting in line behind a female Drake. He glanced at her, and the Humans, Gnolls, and Drakes standing around her. He recognized the very same family from Esthelm. Then Selys. She blinked at him.
“F-Fals? Wait, do I have that wrong?”
“No. It’s Miss Selys, isn’t it?”
