7.00
Page 23
They looked somewhat like Soldiers. But they were…different. A bit taller. And their hands were actual hands, not stumpy digits. More importantly, they wore no paint. They were as alien to Lyonette, who knew what Antinium were like as…well, what Antinium were to most species. She focused on Pawn first.
“Pawn! It’s so good to see you! And you’ve brought the Antinium!”
“Lyonette. It is good to see you.”
Pawn took Lyonette’s hand softly. Yellow Splatters nodded.
“We have come, as promised. Thank you for your invitation.”
The Soldier’s voice was deep. Almost unsettling since it came from a Soldier, but Lyonette smiled and nodded.
“It’s a bit of a rush as you can see, but I have acid flies all ready for the Workers and Soldiers. And plenty of soup!”
The two Antinium brightened. Pawn hesitated, looking around.
“Is Erin not here, Lyonette? I thought she would be.”
“She’s still on vacation, Pawn. I think she might be back tonight. I’ll send someone to look for her first thing after this settles, I promise. And get the Players of Celum. I completely forgot, and I want them to perform here tonight. Ishkr, can you—”
The harried-looking Gnoll rushing past Lyonette turned. Lyonette caught his eye.
“—later.”
Pawn nodded, but he was still looking around as if Erin might materialize from nowhere. Lyonette glanced at the two strange Antinium standing next to Pawn and Yellow Splatters.
“Um, Pawn. Who are your friends?”
Pawn jumped. He looked at the two Antinium and at Yellow Splatters. Lyonette saw his mandibles open and close and paused. Yellow Splatters paused too, but it was one of the two not-Soldiers who replied.
“Hello. We are ordinary Antinium Workers, here for sustenance.”
Lyonette stared at the Antinium. He stared back. She looked at Pawn. The [Priest] couldn’t quite meet her gaze.
“Workers?”
“Um…”
The second Antinium not-Soldier must have read Lyonette’s clear confusion, because he jabbed his companion with one of his four arms hard. The other Antinium started.
“We are ordinary Antinium Soldiers. Excuse me.”
Lyonette stared at them. Then she looked at Pawn and Yellow Splatters. It was hard to read Antinium expressions most of the time. But this was a look. She cleared her throat.
“Oh. Well then. I’m very pleased to meet you. If you’d like some food, someone will bring you a menu very soon. Um…welcome to The Wandering Inn!”
The two ‘Soldiers’ nodded. They turned and marched back to the table. Lyonette swore she heard one of them whisper to the other above the hubbub.
“Nearly perfect infiltration.”
“Thank you, Tersk.”
Lyon stared after the Antinium for a second, mouth open. She caught Pawn poking himself repeatedly in the forehead with one finger. She was about to ask a question, but then Pawn turned to her.
“If Erin is not here, I will let you get back to work, Lyonette. We will be able to speak later. Tonight? I know you must be very busy.”
“Of course. It’s a promise.”
Lyonette smiled. Pawn nodded and made his way back with Yellow Splatters. Lyonette looked around.
“Where’s…?”
She spotted a Centaur sitting down at a table to her left. Palt, Montressa, and Beza were looking around warily. And not getting a lot of friendly looks. But they had an invitation back here and…Lyonette murmured.
“They’ve been gone for two weeks. Did they take Isceil’s body…?”
She was about to go over when she heard a chant. Relc was on his feet.
“Hey! Where’s Erin? Where’s the [Actors]? Let’s have some entertainment!”
His words were followed by a cheer. People turned to the empty stage and Lyonette cursed.
