7.00
Page 18
“The city granted her funds due to her inn’s part in subduing the Crelers. I believe there were also donations from concerned private citizens. And the Antinium have also taken this job on at slight cost.”
“Aw. You’re so nice.”
“Do not touch me.”
The two laid down the magic door. Relc sighed as he rubbed his left arm.
“That thing’s heavy!”
“You bet me you could drag me on it all the way here. Do not blame me for your bravado.”
“Well, I lost. So…shut up. Say, did anyone say where the door should go?”
“Right inside, to the left. In the entryway.”
“The left? Why not the right? Weird.”
Relc shook his head as he pulled one of the double doors aside. Klbkch did the same, and Relc jumped forwards.
“Hey! It’s me! Where’s the f—”
The Drake paused. Then he recoiled and stepped backwards. And he couldn’t say why at first. Klbkch had a different reaction; his hands instinctively went to his sword’s hilts. The two stared into The Wandering Inn.
It wasn’t the common room they found greeting them past the double doors. No—what they found was a narrow…passage. Or ‘entryway’ would be more appropriate. Because it was too narrow to really be a room. Rather, it was a long, open stretch of space flanked by walls on both sides which led up to another set of double doors. The hallway was just…a hallway. There were a few gaps along the walls, as if someone had forgotten to fully close the walls, but that was all.
A hallway surrounded on three sides. Just a hallway. But something about it made Relc distinctly uneasy. He glanced up towards the double doors, and then at the magical door. There was space for it along the left wall.
“Just here?”
“Yes.”
Klbkch was just as wary as Relc. The two [Guardsmen] wrestled the magic door in place along the left wall. There. It would allow visitors to enter the inn at the same time as regular guests. But in that case, why make people walk down this hall to get to the proper inn? It was hidden behind the second set of doors.
Relc didn’t understand. It made no sense. Right until he turned and stared at the narrow gap in the wall. It was…an opening. Although he saw what looked like faint shutters on the other end. What was—
Then Relc realized what it was. His scales crawled and he elbowed Klbkch.
“Hey. Is this…?”
“Yes. A kill zone.”
Klbkch nodded to the arrow slits. Relc peered at one and realized how thick the wall was between him and the gap on the other side. He glanced up—saw a faint outline freshly cut in the ceiling.
“Klb, buddy, do you think that’s a murder hole?”
“…Yes.”
The two [Guardsmen] edged out of the way of the faint, concealed outline in the ceiling. It could have been just a thin trap door. Or…if you were being highly suspicious, it might be a narrow opening which someone inclined could pour boiling oil down. Or acid. There were a number of those openings in the ceiling. And—Relc narrowed his eyes. This room was very solid. And now he looked, the door at the far end was very secure. He could imagine making this a choke point where one or two people could hold back…
“Hey, Klb. Didn’t you say one of your uh, Workers designed this inn?”
“Along with Miss Lyonette. Yes. Belgrade. He is fairly adept at making traps.”
“Right.”
The two [Guardsmen] hesitated. They walked forwards. Neither of them liked being here. Even if it was the inn—and it did not look like the inn at the moment to Relc—they felt instinctively that they were surrounded on all sides, easily flanked. Relc peered at the shut arrow slits. Then at the ceiling.
