7.01
Page 19
When Emessa did, Pelt hurled it into the forge. The fire roared and he took the bellows, stoking it with powerful strokes. Emessa backed away. The forge was twice as hot in an instant! He was using a Skill to push the forge far past its intended heat.
“Master! You’ll crack the forge—”
“Shut up! More charcoal!”
Emessa watched as the fire grew hotter. Pelt was grinning as the flames roared out of the forge.
“Mithril needs to be hot. Can’t forge it to another substance before its damned hot—but it’ll cook lesser metals. Like the steel. So you have to keep a balance. Understand? This is how. You have a second to beat it together.”
He had two flat pieces of steel ready to go. He pointed at them, and Emessa watched. Pelt was a poor teacher, but there was nothing like seeing him work. He turned and roared.
“You watching, Maughin?”
Across the distance, the Dullahan jumped guiltily and missed his swing on his anvil. Pelt laughed derisively—at himself or Maughin, you couldn’t have said—and turned back to the Mithril. It was heating up in the blaze and Emessa couldn’t even get close.
“The tongs—”
“Be quick!”
The Dwarf flicked the tongs up, grabbed the mithril, and slammed it onto the anvil. The mithril was so hot that Emessa was sure it would melt through even the hardened anvil steel—but Pelt was quick! He raised his hammer and brought it down.
And the mithril moved. The first impact shook the entire anvil. Emessa swore the huge anvil jumped. Pelt growled.
“Should have bolted it to the ground. Lazy—useless—weaklings!”
His hammer fell so fast Emessa couldn’t catch it. A blur—the mithril deformed. She knew what Pelt was doing as he grabbed two bits of iron.
“Quick! Amateurs need time! Mithril isn’t something you play games with!”
Pelt efficiently folded the metal, forge-welding the mithril between the plain, but strong steel bars he’d taken out. It was something the Dwarf was known to do—3-layer construction of a blade was a technique that put a hard metal ‘core’ that would become the blade’s edge between two softer, resilient metals that would cushion said edge and give the sword cutting edge while keeping a shock-absorbent spine.
It was a skillful technique, Emessa knew, and one that compensated for a lack of quality material while combining the properties of other metals. And it was even harder since Pelt was forging a sword with edges on two sides, thus with two edges to expose and keep clear of the iron. But she knew that the real reason Pelt used the technique so often was simply that the Dwarf was cheap.
With 3-layer welding, he could sell a blade with a mithril edge and use a fraction of the material. Not that anyone would use a pure mithril blade anyways unless it was a dagger or something—even so.
“Can’t let the steel burn up. Mithril doesn’t crack easy. See?”
Pelt was hammering fast. The mithril was already losing the insane heat it had taken at the start, enough so that the iron was welding to it. He was shaping the blade, the tip, the edges—
In truth, he was nearly done. Aside from moving the mithril at the start, he’d taken three long pieces of metal almost the size of the sword. The trick of tricks had been forge-welding the entire piece without a flaw. And he’d done it so fast!
Emessa watched, taking as many mental notes as possible as she saw Pelt continue his work. Soon, he had what he wanted; mithril along either edge and an iron core.
“Won’t it deform, master?”
