7.01
Page 5
“Just goes to show, even Humans have good taste.”
The young woman had to smile. She kept walking around the tall grass which marked the two Gnoll’s hunting ground. The summer day was warm, but Erin was dressed lightly. She was more impressed by the two Gnolls in their fur coats. Erin stared at Pallass as she kept walking. It was far away. Miles and miles, but it was still a sight.
She imagined what it must be like, to live with this one landmark on the horizon each day. Of course, she’d lived in a city, but there was no grand thing that defined her existence there. Pallass was a symbol of Drake might. One of six in the world.
After a while, Erin realized she was stalling again. She sighed.
“How about I just walk in and wing it? No?”
Something was off. Erin Solstice knew it. She smiled. She tried to come up with something to say. ‘Sorry I’ve been away, but I’m so glad to see you all!’ Or—‘I can’t wait to show you my new Skills!’ Maybe—‘Hey! What did you do to my inn, Lyonette?’
But it just didn’t work. Erin’s smile slipped. She felt a bit artificial. A bit fake. Not because she didn’t mean every single word, but because…it was only half-true.
She could smile. But she couldn’t be…‘Erin’. The sort of Erin her friends deserved, the ones who wanted to see her smile and laugh. Part of her was still on break. Part of her was still thinking of him.
Toren.
The skeleton. Her first [Barmaid]. Or…worker in the inn. Her undead servitor. What she had thought of as rather annoying, sometimes creepy, but useful…tool. He was dead. Erin was almost sure of it. And he had possessed a soul. He had attacked her, in her inn two weeks ago.
And it was her fault. Erin closed her eyes for a moment. She walked into a patch of tall grass.
“Argh.”
Erin opened her eyes. She kept walking. But thoughts of Toren weighed on her mind.
She wasn’t sad about him. Or rather, it wasn’t just sadness. Erin had had a long time to think and she’d come to some conclusions. And she’d put some pieces together.
A ‘masked woman’ in the dungeon. Numbtongue’s encounter with a skeleton at Esthelm. At least some of the history that had led Toren to her inn on that fateful day had come together for Erin. He had come to see her. And if she’d listened. If she’d…
“No.”
Erin shook her head. It was the same argument that had been playing over in her head for two weeks straight. Even knowing what she did, could Erin truly forgive Toren?
He had been…evil. Or he’d done evil, as evil as Erin understood the word. He’d killed Numbtongue’s friends. He’d stabbed Bevussa, killed people for no reason Erin could understand.
And it was her fault he’d gotten there.
Erin paused for a second. She would not forget that. Toren had become a murderous skeleton, who had killed dozens, maybe over a hundred people directly and indirectly. But that was her fault. How had he become like this? How had she never seen him becoming…
She knew he was intelligent. But she’d thought of him more like a…robot. With quirks. But Erin hadn’t made the leap of realizing he was a person. She remembered her last sight of him.
A heart, breaking. A skeleton laughing silently. Pulling off his head and crumpling into the ground. From bone to dust.
Erin touched her chest. She sighed. And her eyes found the summer sky.
Here was the thing. Erin Solstice was on holiday. She was off her holiday. She was coming back. And she had recovered.
