7.01
Page 16
In a way, being Pelt’s apprentice was the most comforting position to be in, for Emessa at least. As she heated the steel, the Drake anxiously checked the temperature, trying to eyeball the proper temperature to beat it into shape at. Too cool and she’d begin to crack the blade as she worked. Too hot, and the steel would scale over too fast, form crystals, and just waste time.
Emessa had completed the basics of her apprenticeship, but on this summer day it was harder to identify the proper color. She risked taking the steel out and gave it a few strikes with the hammer. But before her third one even landed she heard a bark from behind her.
“Not hot enough. Heat it properly. Six more minutes!”
Pelt’s growled voice made Emessa start. She put the metal back in the fire. And that was the thing. He might be lazy, grumpy, and rude, but Pelt was still…Pelt.
He was a Dwarf. But even among Dwarves, Pelt was a master. He could uncover flaws in metal just by sight alone, even when it was covered by scaling. He knew when metal was too hot to quench, too thin—Emessa couldn’t count how many blades he’d made her scrap for some slight imperfection.
And he could monitor her even with his eyes closed. She’d tried to figure out if he peeked, but as far as she could tell, he didn’t. He could just hear her mistakes.
“Sorry, Master.”
He didn’t respond. And he wouldn’t until she made another mistake. But that was why Emessa loved being his apprentice. It was so…
Easy. She didn’t have to worry about the quality of her blade, just making mistakes. If Pelt didn’t snarl at her and tell her to start over, by the time Emessa finished a blade, it would be as good as Maughin’s work. She would know the steel had been heat-treated perfectly, know it had no imperfections. What a relief!
That was the nightmare of every apprentice—no, every [Blacksmith] in existence. That there was some hidden flaw they couldn’t see. But only Emessa lived without it. Because Pelt made almost no mistakes, or if they were there, they were microscopic fractures. He had a problem with anything short of perfection, but Emessa would take near-perfection.
“Master?”
“Do it.”
Emessa took the steel out of the fire after six minutes and began hammering. Pelt listened, his eyes closed. He might snap her blade even after she’d finished it, for a slight flaw, a delamination in the metal or an improper heat-treatment. In that case, Emessa would just start over. She’d level up. And she’d learn, and she’d earn the pittance Pelt paid her. It was fine by her.
And he—Emessa knew her master. He was always like this. Even when he was in the mood to forge, he seldom did it with anything more than desultory effort. He was always like this; making quality with ease, but with the barest of effort to pay for his livelihood. Never more than that.
Never…Emessa paused. The rhythm of her hammer striking steel, striking anvil, then striking steel faltered. Pelt swore at her and she hurriedly resumed the rhythm. The Drake was thinking, though.
Sometimes Pelt was in a good mood. And then he created masterpieces. Emessa had seen him do it twice. No—three times. She remembered when he’d forged the kitchen knife for that Human girl. She remembered the perfection in the way he’d shaped metal, faster than any smith, better than Maughin himself.
