7.01
Page 13
A Drake was waiting for him. Whether Pelt knew her actual name was debatable, although she was his one apprentice, unlike Maughin’s team of journey-smiths and apprentices. The Dullahan was already hard at work making new steel and equipment. And the famed [Armorer] was hard at work himself.
Forging a flail, of all things. It didn’t suit Maughin the Armorer, who made…armor, but everyone on the ninth knew it was for his romantic interest that had sparked scandal and rumor across Pallass’ Dullahan community. He was dating a Selphid. Imagine! Jelaqua of the Halfseekers.
Pelt didn’t care, although he spared one glare for Maughin delicately forging links of chain for the flail. He glared at everything. The Dwarf [Smith] was renowned in his own way as the Flying Gnoll of Pallass.
This is what people said of Pallass’ [Smiths]. There used to be two other masters. Drakes, but Salazsar stole one of them, the greedy lizards. And the other one, Old Quaiss, he was a master. But he died. Terrible tragedy, but he was old. Now, the two new best [Smiths] are Maughin and Pelt. Maughin’s lower-leveled, but he does quality work. You want reliable steel you can enchant? You go to Maughin.
But if you want genius, you go to Pelt. If the Dwarf’s in a good mood, he’ll make you something unsurpassed. But that’s as rare as a Dullahan smiling; otherwise you’re throwing gold at a cat.
That was the catch. For all of it, Pelt didn’t lack for work. And his apprentice hurried over to him.
“There’s that sword you were commissioned to make, Master Pelt. And one of the new gears.”
“What? Shut up! My head hurts.”
Pelt swiped at his apprentice, hunting for his hammer. She scurried out of his way and Maughin shot Pelt a glare over his forge. It was by design he and Pelt normally forged next to each other. Maughin wasn’t happy about the drunk Dwarf being his company, but lesser [Smiths] found Pelt even harder to abide because the Dwarf could and did sneer at lesser smithing. More than one time the Watch had been forced to break up fights that Pelt had started with his insults.
“Another damn gear? What do they want now?”
“This is the shape, sir.”
Pelt stared at the convoluted gear with tons of tiny teeth and an odd central space shaped like an ‘s’. It was tricky—and even more oddly, square.
“More experiments. It’s not gonna turn properly.”
“The [Engineers] are paying, Master. They say the teeth cannot snap—”
“Then get some other [Smith] to do it and enchant it!”
The Dwarf snapped at his apprentice. She winced.
“Apparently it needs to be very strong, Master. So they need the highest grade enchantment—”
She got no further because Pelt clutched at his head.
“Fine. Fine! Shut up and start the forge fire. I’ll make it. Get me my billets.”
The Drake hurried around the forge as Pelt finally found his hammer. The Dwarf sat, cradling his head, while she brought out the steel and started the fire, shoveling charcoal into the custom-made furnaces that were part of Pallass’ genius.
The other part was obviously the steel. The forges of Pallass produced excellent blades of course, but half of being a [Smith] was just making the very metals they forged into shape. In fact, you could argue that shaping metal was only an afterthought. If the steel wasn’t good, what was the point of taking it to a hammer?
But Pallass was known for its steel. And it churned out much of the quality steel that armed Drakes across southern Izril. It imported ores from its mines along the High Passes, and the steel was good. But Pelt never used any of the cheap steel provided to the [Smiths].
