7.01
Page 33
He showed Erin how the metal was now a solid circle, a copy of the basin he’d dropped it in. The Dwarf picked up his hammer.
“Shape it. Shape it well, with cold and ice.”
He began striking the metal, deforming the perfect circle. Erin saw him pause, bring it over to the fire. Now Pelt could handle the metal with tongs. But he had to get it colder. The metal was too warm. It wouldn’t hold any shape. So Pelt froze it colder as Emessa ran back with ice. He and she began to crush the ice into powder again.
This was how Pelt forged. As Erin’s flame burned, he took the Grasgil and put it in the flames, letting the cold magic fire freeze it colder. When he took it out, the metal began to warm—until he tossed Everfrozen Ice into the metal, working it in, giving it an inherent cold of its own.
It was a careful, delicate game. Each time he brought it closer to the blue flames, or poured the powder into the mix, the metal grew more rigid. The colder it became, the stronger the metal, until the anvil shook from each hammer blow. Stronger than steel; Erin saw that in a contest, even the hardened steel of the anvil would lose to the very thing Pelt was forging.
Yet there was a flaw there; if the Grasgil became too hard, it would simply shatter under a hammer blow. It had to be strong, but not strong to the point where it was too brittle. She knew that must be a danger. Erin looked at her fire.
“It is too sad.”
A voice spoke from behind her. Erin turned. Maughin turned. The Dullahan [Smith] stood with a crowd of other [Smiths]. Some were still wiping at their eyes, overcome by the emotion. But others looked at Pelt working.
“Grasgil.”
That was all Erin could say. Maughin nodded slowly.
“And your fire. I knew a smith who knew the secret to cold fire.”
His voice was low. The Dullahan looked at her. The young woman nodded.
“I’m sorry.”
“I see that. And I am sorry—I did not know.”
“Know what?”
Erin saw Maughin look at her. He knelt, so his head was on a level with hers. One armored hand touched her shoulder slowly.
“I did not know you grieved so.”
The smith looked at her. Erin smiled.
“It isn’t always like that.”
She felt Maughin’s hand tighten on her shoulder, so gently. And she felt a furry arm embrace her. Erin turned her hand and saw Bealt. The Gnoll [Farrier]’s tears were running down his fur.
What grief lay in everyone’s hearts? Erin looked at her flame. The two [Smiths] stood side by side. Bealt murmured.
“It’s so painful.”
“But glorious.”
There was nothing more Erin could say. So she watched Pelt. Frost covered the Dwarf’s beard. The cold burned now from the hammer and the Everfrozen Ice. And one had overtaken the other. The freezing chill of the fire was nothing compared to the frost vapor wafting from the anvil. And surely—the steel itself would crack from the cold.
It did, on the fourth reshaping of the metal. But Pelt simply kept hammering on the broken piece of the anvil as part of it cracked with a sound that tore the air. The Grasgil was taking shape.
It wasn’t a sword he was making. Erin saw a curved edge, a stout head. And a gap—
“A bardiche.”
Erin saw how the long-edged axe would be fitted with a long shaft of wood. And she realized, as Pelt drew out the axe, shaping it, that he was nearly done.
