7.01
Page 2
“Wing Commander Embria, what do you suppose prompted the flight of Wyverns?”
The cheer stopped around her as if someone had kicked everyone in the throat. Embria’s head snapped around. She stared at the towering, shrouded heights of the High Passes.
“Something that can chase off Wyverns?”
“An Elder Creler?”
Someone moaned. Fear became infectious once again. Zevara held up a claw, looking around.
“I want eyes on the mountains. Anything moves up there, I want to know at once! It could just be a migration. I want that report out in ten minutes!”
The City Watch sprang into action. Drakes and Gnolls rushed to work. A [Message] was sent, and Olesm left The Wandering Inn in a minor panic. Even the celebrations at the inn ground to a halt—everyone had the same thought.
But nothing happened. The Watch waited, but no greater monster came. In time, they allowed themselves to relax. And they were right to do so. Because nothing was going to happen to Liscor, for once. Thank the smaller city. Thank the Antinium and the general distaste of Wyverns.
Liscor was safe.
 
—-
 
Outside of Pallass’ walls, a young woman sighed. She stood in an idyllic place, a meadow next to a stream. The kind of place where you just had to imagine fishing for a few fresh-caught trout or whatever lived in streams, maybe rustle up some grub (the fish, not actual grubs) and enjoy the scenery while living in nature.
And indeed, the young woman had a fishing rod and a little long-handled net. She even had a tent, and the remains of a fireplace set up. She had been living here.
Or rather, vacationing. She was on holiday. But the holiday had ended. She felt it. Something in her bones, in her heart.
It was time to go home.
But she was far from it. In the distance, Pallass rose out of the ground, a huge fortress-city of four massive walls, rising into the sky. Against nature, the builders had erected the towering walls, hundreds of feet high, to guard their home against any threat. They had made it to be a symbol. To last forever.
From afar, it was no less towering. But the young woman could appreciate what lay outside of the city as well. She looked around and saw…peace.
There were no monsters here. No threats. Just wildlife, as she might find in her world. A fly buzzed past her and she swatted at it. But it was just a fly. Not an acidfly, glowing green and loaded with corrosive, flesh-eating acid. Or a huge hornetfly, able to literally bite out chunks of your arm. This was just a fly. She stared at it.
“Shoo.”
The fly left. And the young woman stared around. It was indeed the kind of place her father would have loved to come to, dragging his wife and his chess-loving daughter out of the house for some of that vaunted ‘quality time with nature’ she heard so much about. The said daughter, after living here for a while had to admit he might have been right. Grudgingly. And she’d never have said it to his face.
It was something, living on your own. There was satisfaction in catching your own meal and preparing it. It was rewarding. And it gave you time to think. That’s what she’d been doing for the last two weeks, really.
Thinking. Remembering. But now, it was time to go. Absently, the young woman began tidying up her camp.
“Let’s see. Fishing rod. Fishing net. Fire—better kick dirt over it. Um. Bedroll. Where’s my cooking stuff? Oh, right.”
She found a neat, washed set of utensils for cooking. Absently, the young woman picked up a frying pan, some utensils, a plate—she wasn’t a barbarian!—and then a kettle, some long-handled tongs, a…poker for poking things, flint, steel…
