7.01
Page 35
That was all Pelt said. He laid the bardiche’s head on the anvil. Emessa staggered away, and the smiths helped her. Her limbs were frosted. And Pelt moved slowly.
“The heat. Will it…?”
Bealt looked at the bardiche. Pelt shook his head.
“It will not grow warmer. And the colder it becomes, the harder the blade. Too cold and it will shatter, but short of a volcano’s wrath no fire will undo the cold temper. And it will grow little colder in the coldest blizzard.”
He looked around. Then Maughin seized his shoulder. The Dwarf looked up and the Dullahan spoke shortly.
“Fine work.”
Pelt nodded. Bealt pounded a paw against his shoulder. More smiths came over, and the Dwarf shook hands, accepted a drink. But then they stood back.
It was Erin that Pelt looked to. And the two stood together outside of his frosted forge. Erin’s flame was dying, having consumed the charcoal. But still it burned. Pelt looked at it. And then at his work. Erin stared at the magical blade.
“What will you do with it?”
The Dwarf shrugged.
“Sell it. An [Enchanter] could bring out its potential. With runes, it would fit any Gold-rank’s hand and satisfy them. As it is, it is as good as any Silver-rank’s blade, magical or not.”
His voice rose. And heat, the kind of heat that had burned despite the cold, entered his voice.
“Let it be a glorious weapon. A powerful one, worthy of a true warrior’s hand! Let it cut down a hundred thousand foes! For this was made of Grasgil! And it will freeze what it cuts! Let all those not born of snow fear its touch!”
He clenched his fist, his cold-cracked skin opening. Erin reached for a healing potion, but Pelt ignored his hands. He looked at Erin. His eyes were still red. The blood on his nose still frozen there, into his beard. He spoke to her, urgently.
“Once, it would go to the [Runesmiths] next, before it had frozen completely. And they would etch it. Now, someone else will have to take it, with the craft. That damned Lizardwoman in Wistram. Or someone who knows Grasgil. Perhaps it will be sold as it is. I don’t care.”
He paused.
“I don’t care.”
But his eyes lingered on the Grasgil axe. And Erin heard the lie in every syllable. He was proud of it. He stared at the axe, his warming forge. Then he looked at her.
“Aren’t you going to ask?”
The young woman paused. Now, in this moment, she felt like Pelt was looking at her. Straight at her. And there was so much unsaid.
I’m sorry. The flames burned in his forge. They whispered. I’m so sorry. I’m so sad.
He didn’t need her to say it. And he understood. More than words. Erin shook her head.
“Not if you don’t want to tell me. Everyone’s got secrets. But I’d like to know. I want to know more about people. I want to—change.”
Something lit up in Pelt’s eyes. He looked at Erin, like an equal. And the Dwarf, whom Erin realized looked down on everyone else, nodded once. He turned. Pointed to Maughin, whose head was held in his hands, staring at Pelt’s forge with longing. And Erin’s flames with grief.
“Look at that boy. Staring at me, when his people invented the way to smith Grasgil. He can do it, though it would take him a day for my hours. He can make mithril, if he but tried.”
“He thinks he’s low-leveled. Compared to you.”
“Levels do not define the smith. Only the will behind the hammer.”
Palt sounded like was quoting something. He shook his head and looked at Erin.
