7.01
Page 3
It was impossible for one person to hold all that without some very complex rearranging and strong arms, but the young woman wasn’t carrying all this gear. She had a small magic bag she kept tossing the items into, against the rules of physics. But the bag was magic, and while she was camping, she was not by any means roughing it. After a while, the young woman rose and dusted her hands.
“That’s it? That’s it.”
She looked around her camping spot. Save for her kicked-over fire spot, there was little sign she’d been out here for so long. Even so, the young American woman had to pause.
“Thanks. It was fun. Sort of. Too many bugs, but that wasn’t your fault.”
She waved around the campsite vaguely, as if it was able to listen. The young woman paused. Then she sighed.
“Time to go.”
Erin Solstice turned. She stared back towards Pallass in the distance. And she inhaled. After a moment, she sighed.
“Shoo, fly.”
Waving it off, she trudged away from her campsite. She wasn’t lost. If the giant Walled City in the distance wasn’t a guide, well, Erin knew the surrounding area fairly well. She had about a mile to walk she guessed, so she walked at an ambling pace. She was still thinking.
This was Erin Solstice. [Innkeeper]. Rather, [Magical Innkeeper], and owner of The Wandering Inn. A young woman from Michigan, in another world. And a myth and legend, at least in one small Drake city named Liscor.
They told stories of her. The [Innkeeper] who could spit blood like an Oldblood Drake. Who tamed Goblins like [Beast Tamers] tamed monsters. Who owned a magical inn. And attracted trouble like metal in a storm.
The truth was a bit less amazing than the stories. But there was truth in each story, no matter how twisted. Erin poked at her stomach. She’d had a bad morning.
“Periods. Eugh. I need an Octavia potion.”
Magic was a wonderful thing. However disgusting other species and half of her species found her gender’s biological functions, menstruation was a fact of life. But in this world, people had done what science could not! They’d triumphed over the tyranny of reproduction!
Erin’s greatest discovery in life had been that [Alchemists] who catered to Humans could sell you a draught that cut down on your monthly week of cramps, bleeding, and grumpiness. For that reason alone, Erin considered her trip to another world to have not been in vain.
“You could sell it for gold. I mean, actual gold. Even on Earth. You’d be like…a billionaire. A trillionaire! Here Octavia is, looking for magical potions and whatnot, and she has that! Amazing!”
To be fair, the potion was commonplace and did account for some of an [Alchemist]’s income. But Erin was way more agog with it than, say, matches. But what was common to one world wasn’t true of the other. In her world, Erin could get in a car and move faster than almost anyone could dream of. She could, with minimal effort, buy a gun, a weapon far deadlier than any spear or sword. She could fly through the air at speeds no Garuda or Oldblood Drake could match.
But she couldn’t do magic. She couldn’t completely cure cramping each month, even with modern medicine. And she couldn’t…
Erin stopped. She cupped her hands and waited.
“[Like Fire, Memory].”
Nothing happened. Erin stared at her hands.
“Drat.”
In theory, she should have been holding fire at this point. But she wasn’t completely able to master the new Skill she’d learned. Erin sighed and kept walking.
