7.01
Page 6
Truly. Erin Solstice was not about to burst into tears, or wallow in grief. She had done that before, months ago after the battle with the Goblin Lord. After Zel Shivertail had died. After Skinner—after so much. If it was just grief, Erin might have pulled out of her funk long ago. No, this was similar, but different. It was a pall over her. Not grief, but guilt.
Guilt was a harder thing to bear than even sadness. Because Erin had been sad before. She had lost friends. She had seen tragedy and buried friends. But guilt?
Her guilt never left. Even after time. Erin could but close her eyes and her failures and guilt stung her. Toren was her fault. Hers, and hers alone.
Memory.
Erin cupped her hands again. This time, something burned in them. She looked down.
“Fire. Why’s it blue?”
A small, blue flame with a core like a deep, glittering sapphire burned in Erin’s palms. She didn’t feel heat from the fire. But she had made it. Erin stared at the flame, mystified. Sometimes it appeared when she thought of Toren. She was using her Skill instinctually, but she didn’t know what it did.
“Off. Off.”
Erin waved her hands vaguely, and the flames disappeared as she uncupped her palms. Erin jumped as bits of blue flame fell towards the grass. She stomped fast; in this heat, if they caught on the tall grass—but no, the blue flames died away.
Sighing in relief, Erin Solstice walked on. She was nearly at the meeting spot. She tried to smile, thinking of her friends and her family in this world, waiting for her. They deserved a happy Erin. But no matter how she tried…she couldn’t shake the blue flame burning in her mind.
 
—-
 
“Alright everyone, this is the spot! Please remember your designated hunting areas! We don’t want accidents! We’ll be here for the next hour to help you, but after that you’re on your own! We will have at least one of our expert [Hunters] present at all times, but transport back to Pallass is once every morning!”
A quartet of Gnolls dressed in snazzy hunting uniforms complete with camouflaged caps addressed an excited group of fourteen or so Gnolls and a few Drakes getting off the padded wagons. The Gnoll were dressed for the hunt—overly so. But their clientele was even more outdone.
Hunting bows, slings, even a few throwing spears and throwing knives adorned the group listening to the leading Gnoll’s speech. They looked like they were armed for guerrilla warfare, and Thift, one of the Gnolls giving the speech, had to stop himself from rolling his eyes and laughing at their silly attire.
But then, he was dressed in the magical, color-shifting hunting gear he’d never wear if he was actually going hunting. It was overkill and the garb made him feel incredibly silly. But his job demanded he wear it and look the part, so he stood straight, the hunting bow and quiver on his back rubbing against his fur.
“Remember your whistles are only for emergencies, yes? But if you hear one, immediately return to this spot. Our [Hunters] will instantly respond to your distress call, but please blow them only for injury or monster sightings.”
The lead Gnoll, Terrisca, was still giving the standard orientation speech to the armed Gnolls and Drakes. Thift saw one of the Drakes put up a claw.
“Excuse me. How likely is it that we’ll see monsters?”
She looked vaguely worried. Thift saw her clutching her fishing rod rather uncertainly. Some of the other Gnolls and Drakes laughed, and Terrisca smiled.
“Not likely, Miss Teclaw. This land is under Pallass’ aegis. It’s one of the safest places on the continent!”
