7.01
Page 4
This world had a lot of things her world didn’t. For instance, if you got a Skill, you could jump higher than any athlete from her world. Erin was fairly sure she could lift as much as any guy her age who wasn’t a bodybuilder thanks to her [Lesser Strength] Skill. And there were far greater miracles people could pull off with the right Skill, like having skin as tough as iron, or arms made out of silver and steel.
But there were threats like Earth had never seen here too. Monsters. Erin Solstice had seen more than her fair share of monsters. She’d gone through trials and tribulations she’d never have dreamed of back home. And she was tired.
Not physically. But Erin wasn’t the infamously energetic, smiling, crazed [Innkeeper] that someone would have expected going off of the stories of her. At the moment, she was fairly quiet.
Still a bit eccentric, though. Erin began muttering to herself after a second.
“Okay, what do I say? Alright! Hey everyone! It’s me! Erin! Did you miss me? I—I brought souvenirs!”
She put on a big smile for no one in particular. After a moment, Erin sighed.
“…I need to buy souvenirs.”
At least for Mrsha. Maybe something nice to eat. Or—since Lyonette was worried about her weight—a ball. But Mrsha was getting older and Erin thought she was a fine weight. Lyonette was a [Princess] and she had a thing about being svelte. But Gnolls were big! Erin had never met a short Gnoll by Human standards; the shortest were still taller than her by a bit. And they were heavier too, by and large. It was all muscle. Usually.
“There are fat Gnolls. Like that [Senator]! Errif! Fat Gnolls. Hm. Maybe Lyonette has a point. Mrsha could use a ball. But she’s growing up! Maybe…a fishing rod? But all the fish around the inn are huge jerks that jump at you. No fishing rod. How about…a toy car? Would that be a toy wagon in this world?”
Erin knew she was distracting herself. She looked around as she wandered out of the meadow. This entire area lacked a road, but it bordered a decent forest and if you followed the stream back…Erin found herself skirting a large area of tall grass, up to her waist.
“Hey there!”
A voice called out. Erin’s head turned. She saw the grass move and jumped. A huge, furry Gnoll rose from the grass. No—two. Both carried slings. Erin blinked.
“Whoa!”
“Careful! We nearly nailed you! This is our hunting area. Are you lost?”
One of the Gnolls, female, called out to Erin. She sounded a bit put-out. Erin smiled apologetically.
“Sorry! I’m actually done, so I’m heading back. Am I going the right way?”
Erin had learned that a smile was magic. As magic as a spell. So was being honest. The aggrieved Gnoll’s expression faded and she nodded.
“Oh, you’re done? You’re on the right trail, then. Just head a bit to the left. And watch out! There’s a group with bows hunting along that forest and they shoot before they look.”
Erin eyed the forest and shook her head.
“I’ll walk around it, then. Unless I’m scaring off game?”
She looked at the two Gnolls hunting in the tall grass. The other female, with dusky fur, grinned. She held up a dead hare by the ears. It had a dented skull. Erin saw blood and felt bad for the creature, but the Gnoll just looked triumphant.
“No fear! There’s enough to go around. We bagged our breakfast already. Come on, Ferri. Good meeting you, Miss Human.”
The two Gnolls waved and Erin smiled and waved them off. She distinctly heard them talking as they disappeared into the tall grass.
“I didn’t know a Human was on one of these trips. So she’s the one by the stream.”
