7.01
Page 32
Across the ninth floor, the [Blacksmiths] stopped working. On the lower floors, those who saw the flame wiped at their eyes. To just see the flame was to feel it. Up close—Emessa had turned away. But Pelt stood there. And the Dwarf’s voice was calm when he spoke. Dreamy.
“Emessa. Bring me the box marked with a blue stamp from my house.”
The Drake started. She looked at the flame, and then turned away. She ran. Erin didn’t know where Pelt lived, or how long it took the Drake to return. She was in another world.
When the box came back, Erin saw it was a strange container. It didn’t have a lid like a present box, but rather it was a screw-on lid, more like a canister. But made of steel, seamless, identifiable only by a blue stamp of wax. And as Pelt undid the lid, Erin caught an acrid, eye-watering emanation that made her back away. Pelt poured what it was out into a waiting basin he might use to wash his tools. Erin saw a dark green, thick…liquid? No, it was more like mercury, but green, dulled rather than shiny.
Pelt was careful to let none of it touch his hands. And he had gloves on. He lifted the bucket. Emessa stared at Pelt.
“What is that, Master?”
The Dwarf smiled. He looked at the blue flames. Then at his apprentice.
“This is a metal that melts at room temperature. It’s akin to quicksilver. It’s known to some as bronzewater. Because of the color. But it has another name. Grasgil. The frozen metal. You can’t forge it with heat. But you can forge it backwards.”
He pointed at the blue flame. Erin started. She looked at Pelt. But the Dwarf was already moving.
“Everfrozen Ice. Here and here. Break it with a hammer, girl. Fine as you can. I need a powder.”
He pulled out crystals of frozen ice. Erin saw Emessa start and stare. But she moved, following Pelt’s orders as the Dwarf approached the furnace. He shoved the entire bucket into the flames.
Erin expected the bucket to catch fire. And it did. But with the same blue flames. And slowly—the wood refused to ignite.
“A heavy flame. It burns so slow. But so cold.”
Pelt murmured. Erin backed away still further. The forge was freezing. The blue flame was cold now it was out of her hands. Cold. Freezing in fact, creating particles of ice.
As cold as guilt. As sorrow.
It was freezing the liquid inside of the basin. Pelt drew it out as Emessa hammered on the Everfrozen Ice. Erin saw the ice shattering under her hammer, falling into a little bucket. Pelt took the basin out of the fire with tongs. Frost rimmed the metal. And the barrel was on fire.
“The powder. Quickly, girl. More of the ice. Buy it from an [Alchemist] if you have to.”
So saying, he tossed the powdered Everfrozen Ice into the basin, swirling it with the already-melting Grasgil. And Erin saw the two mix.
Or rather—not mix. The Everfrozen Ice didn’t dissolve, and the Grasgil accepted the particles into it, grudgingly. But the Everfrozen Ice was cold. And with the cold from the blue fire—
Pelt dumped the Grasgil onto his anvil. It was half-solid, but in the temperature above freezing, it was trying to melt. He took more of the Everfrozen Ice as Emessa ran from the forge and dumped more of it onto the Grasgil.
The powdered crystals mixed with the metal, making it cold. Colder.
“Oh!”
Erin realized what the purpose was. Pelt looked up and nodded. The Dwarf’s face was pure concentration. Neither fury nor sadness intruded now. He looked at the fire.
“Grasgil gives you only one chance. Once it’s cold, reworking it is dangerous. Mixing the cold into it means you get it right once. Reheat it and it falls apart. See?”
