7.01
Page 21
The Watch Captain on wall-duty for the day was not Watch Captain Venim. She was a Gnoll named Rekhassha who had the duty. It was normally light work that involved standing around, not the busier task of managing the affairs of such a huge Walled City. And in fact, Pallass had multiple Watch Captains, unlike smaller cities due to the sheer necessity of it.
Rekhassha skidded to a stop. She snapped at the Garuda pointing at something in the distance. Rekhassha’s eyes were good, but she couldn’t even see what had alarmed the Garuda. She growled.
“What is it?”
“[Scout] Sixt, Watch Captain! I spot a large number of shapes headed this way! It’s at the edge of my vision, but whatever it is, they’re large.”
The Garuda pointed and the Watch Captain fumbled one of the newfangled glass scout-scopes to her eyes. The spyglass, a product of Pallass’ ingenuity, was less costly than a magical artifact, even with the necessity of glass and the construction, but it had flaws. Among them—Rekhassha cursed as she tried to wipe the lens. Some fur-brained idiot had scratched the glass!
“I see it.”
At last, she spotted the distant flight Sixt had pointed out. The Garuda was clearly nervous, although the dots were tiny on Rekhassha’s vision. Then she thought about how big something had to be to be visible from that far away. She turned her head and raised her voice.
“Day Strategist requested! North-northwest!”
A Drake came over at a fast trot. The Drake in question was also not Pallass’ sole [Strategist], but simply the one assigned to the walls this morning. He heard out Sixt, but unlike Rekhassha, only nodded calmly.
“It has to be the Wyvern migration called in by Liscor. I just received word from two northern settlements about the sightings. You are aware of the migration, Watch Captain? I sent copies to both Watch Captains on duty.”
He turned a proving look towards the Gnoll. Rekhassha paused.
“I didn’t receive the missive, Day Strategist.”
She looked past him as the Drake sniffed disapprovingly. The [Scout], Sixt, looked past both Watch Captain and Day Strategist, pretending not to hear or see them for a moment. Rekhassha didn’t blush, although she knew her fur would cover it if she did.
In theory, Watch Captains were supposed to review any priority-message to Pallass, but they actually came more often than you thought. Jumped-up [Tacticians] could issue one if they saw fit and while a rogue Livingtree was cause for alarm for a small Drake village—no. Not for Pallass.
“I see. Well, the priority message I read clearly mentioned a Wyvern weyr heading this way. A quite large one. I shall copy the documents for you.”
“No need, Day Strategist. I shall request a new copy. Which was clearly lost.”
Rekhassha gritted her teeth. She tried not to glare at the Drake [Strategist]. He was going to write her up! For missing one stupid priority message? The Drake pretended not to notice her look.
It was hard rising in the ranks in Pallass as a Gnoll. Not as hard as a Garuda or Dullahan, which was why there was no Watch Captain of either race, but just because she hadn’t completed her training at Manus, Rekhassha felt like she got written up twice as often as Venim or the other Drakes.
“Were there any casualties from the weyr’s passing so far, Day Strategist?”
“None at all, Watch Captain. Nor do I personally find this flight alarming. We’ll confirm the migratory report, of course. Get me a Garuda [Spotter] or [Scout] with movement and sight Skills. I want an accurate count of the Wyverns.”
