7.01
Page 12
Montressa du Valeross was still around Liscor. No, she and Beza and Palt had taken Isceil’s body south through Pallass’ door. But they might be back now. Erin thought of Palt.
“Stoner Centaur dude.”
But wasn’t that the same as saying ‘my stupid undead skeleton, Toren’? Didn’t that trivialize him? Erin closed her eyes. And she thought that summed up her conclusion over two weeks.
She was good at maneuvering people. Like chess pieces. But had Erin ever stopped and asked what the pieces on the chess board thought?
“Well, no. They’re chess pieces. But people…”
One of the Gnolls looked at her oddly. Erin smiled, and wondered what she thought. She didn’t really want to know. Erin wasn’t interested in everyone’s personal life story. But maybe if she and that Gnoll got to talking, she’d find out more.
Erin had lots of friends. But sometimes, she felt like she was the shallow one. Her life intersected with so many people and Erin knew only a few of them deeply. She knew Relc’s past, but she didn’t know more than what she’d heard. She knew Klbkch was known as Klbkch the Slayer, but she had never asked him about it.
Erin felt shallow. She felt different. She wanted to…change. At least a little bit. But she didn’t know how. She looked up at Pallass as the swift-moving wagons carried them back.
“I’ll be different. A little bit. I have to be.”
“That’s right. It’s a changing experience, isn’t it?”
Erin looked around. The female Gnoll nodded solemnly at her. She smiled at Erin.
“It was your first hunt, wasn’t it? I shot my first deer. Skinned, cooked, and ate it. I have the pelt—I’ll turn it into something. It felt good. Connecting with my ancestral roots. Life changing.”
She nodded solemnly. Erin stared at her, and then nodded as well. She smiled.
“Yeah. It was deep.”
The female Gnoll nodded wisely and sat back. And Erin Solstice turned her head up to the sky and thought. You never really knew anyone in this world, did you? How could you?
 
—-
 
Ninth Floor. The [Smiths] of Pallass were already hard at work. The forges rang as the day opened. On lower floors, people could hear the distant ringing sounds. And if you lived under the forges, you simply had to invest in a few good silencing spells. For in the City of Invention, the forges never stopped.
Literally. The smiths working the vast forges that gave Pallass its reputation for good, quality steel worked day and night. They started their day in the forge and didn’t leave until the sun had long since sunk past Pallass’ walls. Sometimes, not even when the moon was high overhead. And there were always night shifts, [Farriers] making emergency shoes, sudden requests from the [Engineers] for a ‘gear’, or even more outlandish things.
But that was Pallass. Of the six Walled Cities, Pallass was spontaneity and change. The [Alchemists] came up with new potions, the [Engineers] had built the elevators that carried goods from floor to floor. And someone was always coming up with something new.
Like the Gnoll that kept jumping off the walls. People called him the Flying Gnoll, or ‘that idiot with the wings’. Since he didn’t fly so much as fall each attempt. But he was an example of what made Pallass…Pallass. A character.
And if the Flying Gnoll was a face that defined Pallass, another one was the grumpy Dwarf named Pelt. He stumbled into his forge late morning, badly hung over.
“Apprentice! Apprentice!”
