7.01
Page 14
He made his own. In fact, the Dwarf was obsessed with the purity of his metals. It was a known fact. He’d discard steel that other smiths would happily use, steel that was far purer than even Pallass’ best products. The Dwarf was a master among masters, but he had so many faults that it was no wonder that Maughin was considered the better choice and received orders from [Generals] and rich clients far more than Pelt.
“What shall we begin with today, Master?”
“…Who’s paying us more?”
“The sword, Master.”
“Then the sword. Get me steel in the furnace.”
Pelt waved his hammer. Obligingly, his apprentice put steel in the forge. Pelt closed his eyes. But then he opened them. The Dwarf’s eyes fixed on the fire his apprentice had just started in his furnace. And he stopped.
It was another day in Pallass. And there should have been nothing interesting—except whether Pelt would actually swing his hammer or just boss his Drake apprentice around all day. But something happened.
It was just one face in millions. A silent figure, waiting at one of the gates aboard a pair of wagons populated mostly by Gnolls and a pair of Drakes. A young Human woman, staring at her hands and thinking. But it mattered. For Pelt stared at his flames and paused.
“Apprentice.”
“Master?”
She started, looking up guiltily from cleaning the forge. Pelt was exacting about cleanliness in his forge as well. The Dwarf rounded on her.
“What did you do to the fire?”
“Nothing, Master.”
“You didn’t put anything into the charcoal? Let me see.”
Pelt pushed past her as she offered him the charcoal, wondering what she’d done wrong. He inspected the black charcoal, split two open with his fingers. Then he looked around.
“Not my fire. But where is it?”
“What, Master?”
The Dwarf didn’t answer. After a second of looking around he strode out of the forge.
“Something’s off. Oi. Maughin!”
He bellowed at the Dullahan. The huge [Armorer] paused as he brought his hammer down.
“Pelt. What’s troubling you?”
Today was the unspoken addition to Maughin’s question. Pelt ignored the tone of the Dullahan’s voice.
“Are you using something different in your forge today? Salt? Something from those [Alchemists]?”
The Dwarf pointed his hammer at Maughin. The Dullahan paused. He frowned past Pelt at the Drake apprentice. She spread her claws helplessly as Pelt glared. Maughin shook his head.
“I’m using the same forge I always have. No magic.”
“Then what—”
Pelt, scowling, looked around. He paused. Stared at his forge fire.
“It’s gone.”
“What is?”
Maughin stared at Pelt, bewildered by the Dwarf’s antics. Pelt didn’t reply. He glared around, and then snorted. He stomped back into the forge without another world.
“Master? Is everything alright?”
The Drake apprentice looked at Pelt worriedly. He stared at the steel heating in the fire. Then he tossed his hammer down.
“I don’t feel like hammering a damn sword for some Drake fool today. You do it.”
“But Master Pelt—!”
“Do it!”
The Dwarf snapped at the Drake. He stomped off. Maughin glared at Pelt’s back and gave the Drake apprentice a sympathetic look. She wavered, but then snatched up the tongs and checked the steel in the forge anxiously. And Pelt took an undeserved break. The Dwarf stomped over to a corner of the forge and dragged something out.
