7.01
Page 9
She was a problematic client, in the usual lineup Thift got working his job. Not because the young woman had been trouble the last two weeks she’d been here. But she worried Thift.
Because she was Human. It was just…Humans weren’t clients of Pallass Hunting. It was usually City Gnolls, and Drakes who were either significant others or wanted the same experience. Thift had been worried a Human would starve to death or do something incredibly stupid that would give their company a bad name. But apparently she was here on invitation by the owners of Tails and Scales, and Pallass Hunting wasn’t about to refuse such big-name clients.
“Anything wrong, Miss Solstice? How can we help you today?”
Thift smiled as the young woman approached. He looked her up and down, but she really seemed okay. No—wait—he smelled a faint odor of blood. Was she hurt? But the young woman gave him a smile.
“What? No, I’m fine. I’m actually done, so I thought I’d head back.”
Thift paused.
“You are? I mean—how long have you been out here?”
“Um. Two weeks?”
“Two weeks?”
The [Hunter] blinked. That was long, even for his most adventurous clients! But now he thought about it…he had dropped her off two weeks ago! He hadn’t seen her since. He gave the young woman another look, this time of grudging respect.
She didn’t seem malnourished. Thift coughed and gestured to the wagons.
“Well, we are all set to return within the hour, Miss Solstice. Do you have all of your equipment? Were there any incidents? I trust you enjoyed yourself?”
“What? Oh, yeah. I have the bag of holding right here. And I had a good time. Yeah. I was just fishing. I did some hunting, but I missed most of the time.”
“Really? That is a shame. If you’d like, I can run you through basic game hunting.”
Thift gingerly offered, but the young woman waved it away. She smiled.
“Nah. I was just throwing rocks. I have [Unerring Aim], but those darn rabbits are fast!”
“Ah. A very handy Skill. But rookie hunters usually forget to aim for where the target will be. You will almost always hit your mark, but you still must aim for the right spot.”
The Gnoll smiled encouragingly. What was this Human’s first name again? Something Solstice. She shrugged, unconcerned.
“Yeah. But I felt bad for the bunnies. I was mainly fishing. It was relaxing, since there’s lots of fish. And none of them have huge, sharp teeth.”
Thift had to pause again.
“There are fish with teeth where you live, Miss?”
“Oh yeah. Huge ones. And they jump at your face if you get too close to them. Total jerks. Huge. Like this big.”
The Gnoll stared at the young woman. He wanted to believe she was doing the classic exaggeration of the size of the fish, but she looked genuinely serious.
“Where do you come from, Miss Solstice?”
“Call me Erin. And I’m from Liscor, originally.”
She gave him a smile. Thift did a double-take and eyed her.
“Liscor? Well, that is far off. I hear it’s very…rustic.”
Wasn’t there a magical connection to Liscor these days? Thift had heard the rumor, but he hadn’t considered going himself. There was hunting, apparently, but he’d been told there were too many Shield Spider nests and giant crabs to make it worth hunting some Razorbeaks. But the young woman nodded.
“Oh yeah, it’s nice. But I couldn’t ever do this around Liscor. Too many monsters, y’know? A Rock Crab would sneak up on me as I slept and kill me. This was fun.”
She smiled again. Thift saw her look past him, towards Terrisca. The other Gnoll was waving at Thift and pointing. She probably had to sort out the dispute. He waved back, and turned to Erin Solstice.
