7.01
Page 27
“That’s my knife.”
“What? I’m sorry. Huh?”
Erin tried to yank away reflexively. But Pelt was just staring at her. No—not her. Her butt! Erin was outraged—then she heard him. She twisted and realized his knife was hanging from her belt.
“Oh. The kitchen knife—”
“I made that. Back with that stupid competition. That’s my knife.”
Pelt looked at the knife, tucked in the sheathe. Erin tried to smile. But suddenly she felt a tiny alarm ringing in her head.
[Dangersense]. And the Drake apprentice had put down her hammer, looking at her master warily.
“Yeah, um, I remember it too. You did an amazing job! Maughin gave me the knife, and I took it to Lorent and he said it was brilliant, so I’ve been using it ever since. It’s amazing. Thank—”
“It was flawed.”
Pelt’s voice was low. His eyes were wide in his face. And it was bloodless suddenly, not flushed with color. Erin’s stomach jumped. She tried to tug away, but it felt like Pelt had turned to stone. He was unbelievably strong.
“No, it was a tiny crack. Maughin ground it off in a moment! And it’s great knife. Actually, I’ve been meaning to pay you back for it.”
“It was flawed.”
There was something wrong with the Dwarf’s voice. It was strangled. Horrified. And something else was mixed with it. Pure, raw emotion. The kind of emotion Erin recognized. She had heard Montressa speaking Pisces’ name with it. She had heard it in her own voice.
A pure note of madness.
“I’m—it wasn’t that flawed. Look, I’m sorry about the competition. But it was really—”
“It’s flawed. A flaw! A disgrace!”
Pelt’s voice rose, and now there was a note of hysteria in it. He grabbed for the knife and Erin wrestled away.
“Hey! Wait a second!”
“Master Pelt—”
Emessa dropped her hammer and hurried over. She grabbed at her master, but Pelt was focused on the knife.
“Flawed. Flawed. Give it to me! I have to erase it!”
“Hey! That’s my knife! Wait—wait!”
Erin might have pulled the knife off and given it to Pelt if she could. She was afraid—the Dwarf was yanking her arm so hard she was shouting with pain. He was pulling it out of the socket! His eyes were wide, his face staring.
“Pelt! Stop! I’ll give it to you!”
The Dwarf didn’t reply. He was grabbing at the knife, trying to tear it off Erin. And he was going to break her arm! The [Innkeeper] felt his hand grinding her bone. She cried out in agony.
“Pelt!”
A huge hand grabbed Pelt’s arm. Maughin had come charging out of his forge. The huge Dullahan [Smith] grabbed Pelt. Erin felt the immense power of Maughin’s arm trying to force Pelt to let go of her arm. Emessa had hold of Pelt’s other arm that was trying to tear the knife off Erin’s belt.
“Master, let her go!”
“Pelt! Let go!”
“The knife!”
The Dwarf screamed. He was fighting both smiths now. Maughin gasped as he finally tore Pelt’s hand off Erin. She staggered away, trying not to scream in pain. She fumbled for one of her emergency healing potions. Then she heard a scream.
“Give me that knife!”
Pelt lunged. Both Emessa and Maughin caught him, wrestling him back. But the Dwarf was as strong as Maughin despite his size! Two more journeymen smiths rushed out of Maughin’s forge, and a burly Drake from another. They grabbed Pelt.
“Stop him! Hold him back!”
“Get clear!”
Maughin shoved at Erin. She stumbled back. Her skin was crushed where Pelt had grabbed her. She heard the Dwarf screaming, heard fighting as she tried not to cry out. The potion went down her throat and the pain—eased—
