7.01
Page 34
The Dwarf had to use a fuller, a tool to punch holes in metal, in order to shape part of the bardiche. His hammer strokes weren’t huge, powerful ones anymore, but he had to strike with such force Erin feared the anvil might crack a second time, just to move the metal. And the Grasgil was growing colder by the second. It was a race against time and Pelt’s strength to finish the work.
The metal had lost the brighter green color, turned darker. And, fittingly, bluer. A dark cyan, trending towards black as the cold intensified. Pelt had minutes left at most before the metal became practically immovable. But his hands were a blur. Emessa had placed his tools next to the anvil on a workbench and Pelt grabbed tool after tool, perfecting the design. Then he grabbed a handful of the Everfrozen Ice powder.
Barehanded. His gloves had long since frozen too stiff to use. Erin saw the Dwarf’s raw fingers sprinkle the powder onto the Grasgil. Then he hammered the powder with tremendous blows that rang in the forge.
The last baptism of powdered ice buried itself in the axe head. It still stood out, flecks and clear spots of the magical crystal or ice or whatever it was, buried among the metal. But along the edge? Only metal.
The design was finished. Erin exhaled, but Pelt wasn’t done. He still had one last task, Erin realized, as she looked at the edge of the bardiche itself. It was rough. Unrefined. You could strike a crushing blow with it, but never a cutting one. So Pelt grabbed another pair of gloves and seized the axe head.
“Another fire. Not cold, but hot.”
“My forge.”
“No. It needs to be close.”
Emessa and two of the apprentices hurried over to an unused forge in Pelt’s workshop. They lit it, and a warmer flame burst into existence. Pelt kept them from making it too hot. Erin looked at his hands as he shook them out.
The cold burned his hands. Chilblains stood out on his fingers and skin, but Pelt never spoke a word. He took the Grasgil bardiche, and holding it by the tongs, inserted it into the fire.  Quickly, as the heat softened the edge, Pelt yanked it out.
“Sixteen minutes until the metal freezes solid. And when it does, mithril will melt before this axe does.”
Between the mortal fire and the blue, cold flames he alternated, softening the axe, working the edge. With grinder first, tearing the rotating stone that his apprentice worked to pieces, then doing the same with a file, and finally sandpaper. Trying to keep the edge from freezing over while preventing the heat from deforming the razor’s edge.
Erin realized the cold was intensifying. Now the Grasgil was generating it, and the Everfrozen Ice. The magical metal forced her and the other [Smiths] back, until Pelt was working alone, with his apprentice. Both were shivering, their extremities and skin going numb.
But they finished the job. That was all there was to it. They were [Smiths]. And either would have frozen their skin off rather than leave the work undone now. Erin remembered the Dwarf hurling his metal aside. That Pelt had been joyous, enraptured by the love of forging.
The Dwarf she saw now was different. He loved his work, or else he would not labor so. But focus defined him. A determination as heavy as his hammer blows. He looked into the heart of the blue flame as he tested the edge.
When he held the finished piece up on long-handled tongs, Erin breathed. And she felt a cold unlike any other radiating from the metal. Far colder than her fire.
“Done.”
