7.01
Page 28
The white mist around Erin’s vision cleared. She hadn’t even known it was there until the pain subsided. Then she could think. She heard shouting, Maughin’s deep voice—and then silence. When Erin’s arm finally healed and she could take a shuddering breath, she saw Pelt lying on the forge floor.
The Dwarf had a bleeding nose and busted lip. Someone had hit him hard. The other smiths were panting, staring at Pelt. Maughin spoke shakily to Erin.
“Are you alright?”
“My arm—but it’s fine.”
Erin shakily indicated the arm. Some of the blood from the crushed spot was still there, but fading as her tissues reabsorbed it at speed. Maughin nodded and whirled on Pelt.
“Disgraceful. And you call yourself a smith?”
“My knife. Flaw in the steel.”
The Dwarf stared up at the ceiling. Erin saw one of the Drake smiths spit. Maughin’s voice was thunderous.
“You call that a flaw? And you’d attack a young woman for it? You nearly tore her arm off!”
Pelt didn’t respond. He was staring at the ceiling. Erin saw liquid running from his eyes. Red seeped from his mouth and nose. Maughin turned away.
“You should go. This isn’t a matter for the Watch.”
He informed Erin, looking at her gravely. Erin opened and closed her mouth. She saw the other smiths returning to their forge, warily. Maughin covered his face.
“I’m sorry. I would have never given you that knife had I known. It may be better to break it. But it is made so well—do not bring it here, I think.”
“R-right. I’m sorry.”
“You did nothing wrong.”
The Dullahan’s voice was flat. And his face was expressionless as he detached it from his shoulders. Erin knew he was furious. Jelaqua had told her that Dullahans went cold and impassive the angrier they got. She looked at him, and then at Emessa, standing at her forge, staring down at her master.
“I—thank you.”
Maughin didn’t respond. Erin turned away. Now she felt—shocked. Shaken. She turned away.
Erin Solstice walked slowly along the lines of silent forges. Someone began beating metal again, and sound—quieter, resumed. The young woman walked very slowly. What had happened? Why had Pelt gone berserk?
But she knew part of the reason. Something about metal. And the competition where she’d goaded him and Maughin into making her a blade…Erin stared down at the belt knife. Pelt had nearly torn her belt off her. She looked at the knife, in its little sheathe.
Was this her fault too?
Erin looked up. Then she turned around. She ran back towards Pelt’s forge. Maughin saw her and called out, but Erin skidded into the forge. Emessa whirled.
Pelt was still lying on the floor. He looked up as Erin stopped, panting.
“Here!”
She thrust the knife at him. Pelt stared at it. His hand shot up and he grabbed the knife. He unsheathed it. Steel, folded alongside iron shone in his grip. He looked at it. At Erin.
“I’m sorry.”
She looked down at him. The Dwarf said nothing. He was still bleeding. And crying, she saw. His apprentice watched silently as Maughin thundered back over. The Dullahan stopped when he saw Pelt and the knife. But the Dwarf was silent. He stared at the knife, then looked at Erin.
“I’m sorry. Is it—wrong? Is something wrong with the blade?”
“It’s flawed.”
The Dwarf spoke hollowly. Maughin inhaled roughly behind him.
“Flawed? There was a single crack, a tiny imperfection in your steel! I took it out in a heartbeat! That knife has no flaw.”
“An imperfection in the steel. Where there is one, there may be more. My fault. I should have checked the steel.”
