7.01
Page 31
It flew from her hands. A dancing flame. And it landed in the forge. Erin didn’t know what to expect. Part of her assumed the fire would simply go out, without fuel from her directly. But to her surprise, it landed among the charcoal.
And it grew. The bright red flames coming out of the forge turned purple, then blue. The normal flame was consumed by the blue fire. Emessa leapt back. Erin felt a sudden, terrible chill. A hand pulled her back.
Pelt stared into the fire.
“Cold flame. The burning ice. Exactly like it, but for the grief.”
“Like what?”
The Dwarf didn’t reply at once. He looked at the fire in the forge. And then at Erin. His voice cracked as he spoke.
“You are sorry. Am I—”
He reached for a bit of charcoal and hurled it into the forge. And the flames ignited. The Dwarf’s Skill turned the blaze bright. Erin covered her eyes as the fire blazed.
In his forge, Maughin was pounding on metal, venting his anger. But a blue glow distracted him. Made him turn. The Dullahan stopped, hammer in hand. And he saw a bright, sky-blue flame erupt from Pelt’s forge. It was so bright. Yet, dark at the same time.
“What is that?”
Once more, the forges of Pallass grew quiet. [Smiths] left their stations. They turned.
Not just them. Pelt’s forge was hidden from view from the lower floors. But now, the flame vented higher, escaping through a chimney in the forge. There was no smoke. The flames burst from the top, and on the lower floors, people standing on the other side of Pallass turned. They saw the flame from afar. Small at first, but still rising.
Maughin the [Armorer] paused. He stared at the flame. It consumed his attention. But more than the beauty of the fire, something else tugged at him. He felt something strange on his head and his body brushed at his eyes.
“Tears?”
One of the apprentice Dullahans looked up at Maughin, concerned.
“Master Maughin, you’re weeping.”
“So are you.”
The young Dullahan wiped his eyes. He brushed at his face, mystified. Then he looked at the flame and shook his head with his hands.
“I can’t stop. I—when I look at the fire. I think of my mother. I—I should have been there.”
Maughin looked at the young Dullahan. His name was Flintel, and Maughin remembered that he had buried his mother two months ago. He had been working in the forge when she passed. The Dullahan was weeping.
The [Armorer] looked back at the fire. And he realized it wasn’t just Flintel’s grief. Maughin saw it there. He remembered. And his hand rose and clutched at his breast.
Erin’s flame kept burning. Higher and higher, rising from the forge. But not brighter anymore. The color deepened, growing more vivid. Realer. It burned, and the sight of it touched all who saw it. A fading, brilliant, sorrowful glow.
In the forge, Erin felt it at last. She was looking at a reflection of her memories. But while the raw emotion was hers, it was an echo. Everyone had their guilt. She looked at Pelt.
Sorrow.
Regret.
Guilt.
Pelt looked up at the blue flame as it burned higher. They were such heavy emotions. And the fire that burned from them was intense. Yet it couldn’t even burn his hands as he reached out towards the moving fire. Even this close—
The Dwarf touched it. And his hands burned. His skin chilled. He snatched back his fingers and stared at the faint red blister of skin. Like ice burn. It could not be from heat; he could hold red-hot steel without issue.
