7.01
Page 23
Of magic and monsters. That was the difference. If Earth had graffiti of both outlandish pictures and reality, this world had the same—but reality was strange as fiction. Erin smiled as she saw a stylized Dragon with feathers instead of wings.
“Wow. That’s a good artist.”
“It’s an eyesore, that’s what.”
Someone muttered as Erin passed by. She eyed the Dullahan who scowled upwards while his body carried his head in a basket. Erin stuck out her tongue at his armored back and winced when she saw his head glaring back at her.
“Rude Humans.”
Erin sighed. She liked the art. But apparently the residents of Pallass regarded it as youthful vandalism. The Watch didn’t get rid of all of the art, though, just the offensive stuff. To Erin, it was like a breath of home.
“Home. I should really go.”
Guiltily, Erin looked across the eighth floor. She’d done one lap around the magical door, then two. She was procrastinating. Avoiding walking through the magic door.
She knew there was no point to it. But Erin was still reluctant to go back. To be part of the celebration that was surely going on at the inn. She wanted to see her friends.
But it was hard to go off holiday. Hard to go back and try to do everything the same. But different. It had to be different, but what was different?
Her [Garden of Sanctuary]? Erin hadn’t used her Skill yet and she couldn’t imagine what it would be. Or her Skill, [Like Fire, Memory]? Erin had leveled, but she felt less excitement in her Skills. Because at least one was…
Erin cupped her hands together.
“Like fire…”
She tried to conjure a flame. But nothing happened. Thoughtfully, Erin ignored the two Garuda teenagers pointing at her.
“So it’s all about what I’m remembering, huh? What about—when I had breakfast?”
She put her hands together.
“Fried fish, fried fish, fried fish…”
Nothing. Erin sighed. She folded her arms. Causal memories didn’t work. She probably had to remember something vivid. And right now, she could only remember one thing.
Toren.
His memory provoked a blue flame. Beautiful, but…Erin hadn’t tried doing anything with it. Looking at it made her too sad. It hurt.
“What a lousy Skill. What’s it good for, huh?”
Erin sighed. She was in the dumps. She slapped her cheeks.
“Alright. I’m gonna get back, and smile, and I’ll figure it all out! Cheerful! Cheerful! You hear me?”
She shook her fist at the sky. At this, the two Garuda had come over.
“Hey, Miss Human. Are you alright?”
A laughing pair of young male Garuda flew over to her. Erin blinked at their bright plumage. One of them, with a dark black tip on his beak, held out a hand.
“Are you lost? We can show you around.”
“Nah, I’m fine. I’m just practicing a new Skill.”
“Oh really?”
The two Garuda looked interested. One of them nudged the other.
“Told you. Hey, Miss Human, show us. This is Weki, and I’m Assaln.”
“Assaln?”
One of those names did not sound like the other. The Garuda blushed.
“My parents thought it was better to have a Drake name.”
He rolled his eyes along with Weki. Erin smiled.
“It’s not bad. My name’s Erin.”
“Hey! Can we show you around the city, Erin?”
“Nah, I’m really alright. I’ve got to go home—”
“Oh, you live here? I haven’t seen you around. And Humans are rare in Pallass! Want to have a drink with us? We know all the sights!”
The two Garuda had a habit of half-flying, half walking. Erin began walking towards one of the staircases, trying to fend them off.
“I’m actually going out of the city—thanks for the invitation.”
