7.01
Page 17
And the ending. Pelt, staggering away from a blade with the smallest of cracks. A tiny imperfection in the steel had caused him to flee his forge as if ghosts haunted it. And he hadn’t come back for four days. Emessa had been forced to drag him to work after he’d drunk enough to be thrown out of eight different pubs.
Something had happened with Pelt, long ago. He was paranoid of flaws in his steel. Something had broken her ill-tempered master. And Emessa, like a [Smith], wondered if the flaw had gone to the very core of Pelt’s being. If you could even fix what was wrong with him or if he was damaged beyond repair.
The Drake’s hammer hit the metal harder. Emessa’s sinewy arms moved, striking harder. Fine, then! Let the other smiths mock him. And let the apprentices scorn her. They didn’t see Pelt for what he was. And they didn’t understand how Emessa adored her master.
There they were, then. A Drake girl too afraid to be her own [Smith] and a lazy master. No—a broken one. They complimented each other.
“Oh no.”
Emessa messed up again as she forged the tip. She’d gotten too excited, thinned out the tip of the sword. She stared at the piece. Normally she could thin the blade, snap the tip off and shape a new one, but she knew Pelt would break the blade before he let her do that. A sword must be sturdy as well as light! Sadly, she cast the steel to the ground. They’d repurpose it, at least. She turned for a third billet, wincing, waiting for Pelt to curse her out—
And stopped. She saw the Dwarf, heavier set than a Human man and shorter too, about five foot four, staring at the furnace’s flames. He looked up, looked straight through Emessa.
“I’m sorry, Master. The tip—”
The Dwarf [Smith] ignored her. He turned back to the fire. He was staring into the heart of the forge.
“The fire’s all wrong today.”
“Master?”
The Dwarf was staring into the heat. Emessa copied him, wondering what he was seeing that she couldn’t. The flames were hot enough to bring steel to forging temperatures quickly. But Pelt was staring at something she couldn’t sense.
“Is Xif doing something? No. No, it’s magic. One of those [Mages]? No. Something—a Skill.”
“Master? Is something wrong with the fire?”
He shook his head. The Dwarf’s beard moved as he murmured.
“Something…feh. It’s her again. Feels like it.”
So saying, he stared down at something, straight through the forge floor. The bewildered Drake stared at Pelt.
“Who?”
Pelt started. He looked around as if he was only now realizing he was talking to Emessa. Then he stared at her sword.
“You thinned the tip? You idiotic clod!”
His roar drowned out the other forges. Emessa winced, but she was at least on solid ground now.
“I’m sorry, Master Pelt. I’ll start over.”
She had the steel billet of metal ready to go a third time, but Pelt shook his head.
“Leave it. And bring me the mithril!”
Emessa gaped at him. But then she dashed for Pelt’s bag of holding, which held many precious tools of his trade, including some of the metal he used. She saw Maughin’s head rise from his anvil; the Dullahan had good ears and Pelt, like any [Smith], shouted above the din.
“What’s the type of sword I’m supposed to make?”
“A basket-hilt, Master.”
“Cavalry? Or just a damn showoff?”
Pelt growled. The basket-hilted sword was a sword with a guard shaped like a basket, to protect the hand. It was a sword used for cutting and thrusting that [Riders] liked to use in the military. Emessa hurried back with something in her claws.
