7.01
Page 10
“Well, I am delighted to know you’ve fared so well, Miss Erin. If you enjoyed yourself, please recommend us to, ah, your friends in Liscor. Pallass Hunting is here to give the real wildlife experience.”
“I will! And it was great.”
Erin Solstice smiled. But Thift felt embarrassed giving the canned line to her. Rock Crabs? He looked at her and caught the distinct odor of grilled fish. She didn’t look ill, so she must have prepared her catch properly too.
“If I may speak candidly, Miss Erin—”
“Hm? Oh yeah, sure. What’s up?”
She looked at him. Thift coughed, embarrassed.
“I’m surprised that a Human is so adept at living on their own. Are you a [Hunter], by any chance?”
She looked a bit embarrassed and pleased at the question.
“What, me? Nah, I’m an [Innkeeper].”
“An [Innkeeper]?”
Thift stared at her. Erin flapped one hand vaguely.
“Yeah, but on holiday. Don’t worry, I knew what’s what. Hey, did you hear about that group that ate their fish without gutting them? Ick. I only did that twice. And you can eat entrails, if you clean ‘em. Obviously.”
“Obviously. And er, you’ve had an easy time skinning and preparing your game? We do have some clients who don’t do well with blood. But if you have any pelts, Pallass Hunting can sell whatever you’ve got.”
“Really? Well, I ruined the rabbit I caught. My knife was too sharp, so it kept going through the skin. See?”
She showed him the knife at her side. It was a kitchen knife, nothing like what Thift carried. But the edge—the Gnoll was about to test it, but Erin’s warning made him look twice.
“That is a wicked edge.”
“Right? And it hasn’t even grown dull. Well, I had to use one of the knives you guys gave me.”
“Who made this blade? It’s very impressive.”
Thift stared at the gleaming metal. Erin laughed.
“That? It was sharpened by Lorent. You know him?”
“Of course. I go to him for some of my sharpening. But the blacksmith? I don’t see a signature, but it’s clearly a master’s work…”
“Oh, it was made by Pelt.”
The [Hunter] nearly dropped the blade.
“Pelt? You mean, the Pelt? The Dwarf?”
“Yup.”
Erin took the knife back as Thift stared at her. This time the [Hunter] looked Erin Solstice up and down. Not as a strange Human but fully. He saw the way she stood. Smelled the faint blood on her hands. And from somewhere else. But mostly, he looked at her. She smiled at him, but the smile was…
“Are the wagons going straight back to Pallass?”
“Yes, Miss. Directly—we may have to take on the sick group, but we will try to put them in a separate wagon. Downwind.”
“Good idea. Thanks. I’ll go wait over by the wagons if that’s cool? It was fun. Thanks. Thift, right?”
Thift nodded. Wait, she remembered his name? He saw Erin wander over to the wagons as more Gnolls and Drakes, done with their own time hunting, wandered back. Some looked fed up, others exhilarated by their experience. They boarded the wagons as Terrisca and the other [Hunters] came back. Thift remained as people boarded the wagons, chattering, showing off skinned pelts or trophies.
Erin Solstice stood alone. She smiled and chatted with some of the Drakes and Gnolls who approached her in much the same way Thift did, but she had no group. And when no one was approaching her…she looked lost, standing there. Staring at her hands. At Pallass.
“Last call! We are headed back to Pallass!”
Terrisca called out. Erin Solstice started and headed to one of the wagons. Thift couldn’t help it. He trotted after her.
“Miss Solstice.”
“Huh? Oops, did I forget anything? Wait. Am I tipping? Is that a thing?”
