7.01
Page 22
The [Strategist] briskly turned to [Scout] Sixt. The Garuda nodded and Watch Captain Rekhassha tried not to glare. The Day Strategist was well within his rights to demand all of it. Even if she was in charge overall.
He was just doing his job. She resisted the urge to pick him up and toss him over Pallass’ walls. Instead, Rekhassha turned her attention to the weyr and analyzed it for threats. They were just specks you could only see with a spyglass for now, but there were lots of them.
“What if they come this way? Shouldn’t we alert the [General]? Prepare the 1st Army…? Or Strategist Chaldion—”
The Day Strategist twitched at Chaldion’s name. He swished his tail, and Rekhassha thought she’d insulted his pride by insinuating they go to a superior [Strategist]. He spoke quickly and irritably.
“There is no need. The situation is under control. I will send an immediate request to mobilize Pallass’ 1st and 4th armies. This migration obviously cannot be allowed to settle or roam unchecked. We may bait them with a large herd and attack them while they slumber.”
“Very well.”
Rekhassha relented. She folded her arms as Sixt returned with a pair of Garuda. She let the Day Strategist rattle off orders as if she wasn’t there. The Watch Captain turned to Sixt and nodded at the distant Wyverns.
“Keep an eye on them. They’re still an hour away, at least.”
“At least, Watch Captain.”
She nodded. Then, annoyed, Rekhassha stomped off to read a damn report about Wyverns. She wasn’t very concerned. Pallass had armies, and the walls. The Wyverns would never get close to the city. But her vacation might get cancelled due to some idiot Drake writing her up!
She wondered what it was like to be a Gnoll in Liscor. Better, perhaps. She heard their Council actually had Gnolls on it. More than just a token few! Imagine! In a Drake city…
Did they need good Watch Captains?
 
—-
 
“Hm. Maybe I should just sneak back through the door. No—wait, that won’t work. Maybe I should get Lasica and Rufelt to come with me. Or Grimalkin. But he’s always like ‘no, only if you tell me how treadmills work. I’m muscular! Testicles! Blah, blah…’”
Erin Solstice walked through Pallass. Past streets, entire floors built into the side of the Walled City. She walked in the shade, as the higher floors partially blocked out the sun. Thus, Pallass has any number of magical lights providing a second daylight. It was odd, to not see the sky, but a stone ceiling. But people had painted the ceiling!
The eighth floor Erin was doing a slow circuit of was home to the magical door that would bring her to The Wandering Inn and Liscor. But the ninth floor, where the [Smiths] and [Alchemists] worked, lay above it. And so part of the eighth floor was overshadowed by the bottom of the ninth floor, providing welcome shade in the summer.
But also a blank, grey overhead. That had to get depressing. So the colorful illustrations and designs overhead were a delight to see. Erin hadn’t noticed them before; they weren’t all over, but apparently they were drawn by enterprising youths of all species. Gnolls and Drakes would climb up and draw, but it was the Dullahans who could remotely control their body parts and the flying Garuda who were most infamous for it.
Tagging. Graffiti. They were literally doing just that! It wasn’t as bright as some of the graffiti as Erin’s world; the children of Pallass lacked for some of the artificial pigments. But it was no less expressive. Erin saw a few spots that had been clearly painted over, but she saw names, illustrations—
