7.01
Page 8
“Don’t be sour. And remember—smile.”
“I will!”
Thift glowered back at his second-cousin. He shifted as all four employees saw someone heading their way.
“Excuse me! Terribly sorry—”
“I’ll handle it.”
Terrisca waved at one of the Drakes whom they’d escorted here a few days ago. Thift eyed the anxious Drake, and he caught the distinct odor of bad feces on the wind. He coughed.
“Phew. What did they eat?”
“Nothing digested.”
One of the other Gnolls complained. They were used to bad scents, but even so—someone had had a very bad time. Thift listened as Terrisca talked to the anxious Drake, but he didn’t catch what they were saying. Terrisca spoke—then hurried back.
“Zeky. Barra. I need you to follow this Drake and help her and her group.”
The other two Gnolls looked up.
“What’s wrong?”
Thift hadn’t smelled blood, but the Drake woman was clearly in distress. Terrisca grimaced as she explained.
“This Drake’s group—they were fishing and hunting and caught enough game and fish, yes? But they must not have been experienced as they said. They—get this—they ate their game without gutting them. Or removing the entrails of their kills.”
The other Gnolls gagged.
“You mean, they ate the stomachs?”
Terrisca nodded. The other three [Hunters] stared at each other. Thift covered his mouth. Terrisca poked Barra as the other Gnoll’s shoulders began to shake.
“Don’t laugh! She can hear you!”
“But that’s—what did they eat?”
“Grass from the stomachs. And they were fishing with some of our bait. The hairy caterpillars.”
“And they didn’t notice?”
The other [Hunters] were in the middle of concealed hilarity. Thift saw the concerned Drake shifting from foot to foot. Terrisca’s lips twitched.
“They made a stew, apparently. Now they’re all having trouble. Zeky, Barra, give them something and show them how to clean their kills.”
“Aw, Terrisca! The smell—”
“Make sure they dispose of their waste too. No arguing!”
The two other Gnolls groaned, but they loped off towards the female Drake with little grumbling. Incidents like this happened. Even so—Thift and Terrisca waited until everyone was out of earshot, then they began laughing.
“Really? They didn’t know about removing the stomach?”
“All Drakes. Remember the group? I bet they’ve hunted, but they’ve always had someone prepare their kills.”
Thift slapped his thighs, chortling. Terrisca had to laugh for a while longer, then she spotted another Gnoll headed their way. No, a pair. This time Thift smelled the tension.
“Oops. Looks like a hunting area dispute.”
The female Gnoll sighed. That was another common issue where the would-be hunters got on each other’s nerves. They had a wide hunting area, but even so, Gnolls could be territorial when they were in the mood, and greenhorns even more so. She waved at Thift.
“We’re off in an hour. I’ll help you get as many complaints settled. Then you’re alone for the day.”
“Oh, joy.”
Thift sighed, but he relaxed near the two wagons that had brought everyone from Pallass. He’d set up his camp later. It wouldn’t be hard to get something to eat in these woods. Hopefully, no one would put an arrow through anyone else and he’d have a quiet night relaxing.
The Gnoll [Hunter] was thoughtfully thinking of what he wanted to eat tonight—he’d brought a number of spices to make any game he caught really pop—when he saw another client headed his way. With a sigh, Thift propelled himself up. Then he paused.
“Ah. Her.”
The Gnoll grimaced. He spotted the young Human woman from afar. Thift sniffed the air, but he didn’t smell any trouble coming from her. Nevertheless, he trotted towards her.
