7.01
Page 24
“Come on. We don’t get many Humans in Pallass. At least show us your Skill! What are you, a [Cook]? Something to do with fire? A [Smith]?”
“No, I’m an [Innkeeper]—”
“Oho! Where’s your inn?”
The two Garuda elbowed each other. They were actually getting on Erin’s nerves a bit. She wasn’t used to being flirted with, especially not by two…she had to imagine they were at least two years younger than her. Plus, they were bad at it.
“In another city. Liscor, actually.”
“Wait, you mean Liscor, Liscor? Why don’t we go with you! Through the door! I heard anyone can!”
“Not everyone can.”
Erin found herself on the grand staircase, one of four that let people go between floors traditionally rather than by elevator. Weki looked at his friend.
“We could go with you. See your inn.”
“I don’t think the [Guards] will let you.”
“As if they could stop us! We’ll just fly through after you, how about that?”
“That sounds—”
Incredibly annoying. Erin could just imagine the trouble she’d get in with the surly Drake [Guardsman], Kel, or Watch Captain Venim. In fact, what if the two Garuda ran into Bird?
This was exactly the kind of catastrophe she didn’t need to bring to Lyonette. Plus, why were two Garudas hitting on her? Now of all times? Erin sighed.
“I’m not interested. Shoo, please?”
“Hey! You’re wounding us! You’re the first Human we’ve seen in…months! The first one our age! Come on, Miss! Show us your Skill. And at least let us show you around.”
“No. And no. How old are you two?”
“Old enough for you.”
Assaln tried to give Erin a meaningful look. She gave him a flat stare. Relc was better than this. Maybe it was just that these two Garuda seemed so young. Erin knew Lyonette was their age, but she was far older than them mentally. But Lyonette had grown up. These children were like…
Children from home. Erin sighed.
“Please go away.”
“Come on. At least humor us?”
Erin was walking along the edge of the eighth floor. She was on the right section now. Maybe she could get someone to chase the Garuda off when she got to the door. Exasperated, and knowing it wouldn’t work, she snapped at them.
“If I show you the Skill, will you leave?”
“Of course!”
That was a lie. But Erin was also curious about her own Skill. She wondered if the blue flame was different from….regular fire. She’d only held it until now, not wanting to accidentally burn down her campsite. But if one of these two Garuda burned his feathers touching her fire, she wouldn’t mind.
So Erin halted in the street next to a balcony that kept her from falling over the edge of the eighth floor. A huge drop down onto the seventh floor awaited anyone who went over the edge. And below that, the sixth floor, the fifth—you could stare down into the heart of Pallass from here.
Unconcerned, Weki and Assaln hovered in the air over the balcony’s edge. They were flying, showing off their feathers. Jostling to show Erin their brilliant plumage. Peacocking. The word had never made as much sense as it did now. Erin saw a Dullahan girl passing by and rolling her eyes as she carried her head.
“Alright.”
Erin cupped her palms together. She focused. It wasn’t hard to come up with a memory to conjure the blue flame. And her irritation over the two young Garuda, her anxiety over going home…all faded away.
Toren. She saw a heart breaking. Erin saw the light in his eyes go out. She felt hands around her throat. Evil. Good. Was it what he was or hadn’t she seen? She closed her eyes and her hands sought the flame as the two Garuda laughed. Let this chase them away. Her grief.
[Like Fire, Mem—
“You! Human! I knew it was you!”
