7.01
Page 20
“The mithril keeps it in shape. Steel’ll probably bend eventually. Who cares? Someone will pay thousands of gold for it. The trick now is quenching the mithril while keeping the middle from melting. Get me clay.”
The Dwarf spoke smugly. Emessa heard a grunt from Maughin. Disapproving.  As she fumbled for a pot of the clay the Dwarf wanted, she reflected that it would be a trick selling the mithril-and-steel blade. Whoever bought it might not realize that the steel cladding would make the blade weaker. It would have a cutting edge and be light and fast—but it was a skimping use of mithril.
No wonder Maughin disapproved. But there was a saying among Pallass’ smiths: you could criticize a master on their work only if your tongue could keep up with their hammer. And because it was Pelt, even Maughin had to keep silent.
The process of making a sword was involved, but Pelt stopped right after he’d forged the blade to his satisfaction. He held up the sword after he’d done an edge quench of both mithril sides while leaving the steel interior far cooler. The Dwarf eyed the metal and Emessa knew he was seeking any flaw, any weak spot.
She held her breath. If he found even a grain of sand or dirt in the blade, even along the edge, he might snap the blade, or hurl it away. If he did, Emessa hoped he’d leave her something to sell, even if she turned the pieces into a dagger. His forge had expenses after all.
But the Dwarf didn’t break the blade. He grunted, and with a flick, tossed the now-cooled blade onto the anvil. Dismissively. The blade shone, and the edges looked like glowing silver. Emessa had never forged a blade half as beautiful. But Pelt looked at it as if it were trash.
“Done. Put a handle on it and do the guard.”
“Master—”
“I’m done.”
Pelt turned away. As if the beautiful blade he’d worked on was nothing. And—it wasn’t. Emessa looked at her master and saw the Dwarf settle down on the sling-chair. He sighed. Then grinned up at the ceiling.
“That’ll shut him up. And make sure to raise the price! Triple it and if that Drake won’t pay, find someone else.”
Emessa stared at the finished sword. Pelt’s trash. And she looked up and saw Maughin staring at the beautiful sword. Then at his unfinished flail.
That was why Pelt’s apprentices quit. Not just because of his abuse. Any apprentice would suffer the worst of masters to learn secrets of smithing. No, it was the way Pelt could make masterpieces beyond any other smith and still treat them like trash. His contempt for himself and his art was what tore your heart to pieces.
Emessa took the half-finished sword. She’d have to sharpen it with a special method, or give it to Lorent. And the handle—she’d do her best, but it would be plain compared to what it deserved. And she had to wonder…would she ever make something so beautiful? Then she looked at Pelt. Her master was snoring.
Could she ever make a blade half as good as something he could toss contemptuously aside? Emessa’s heart hurt. With a bowed head, she began to hunt for metal to make the basket guard. And her master slept, while far below, a young woman rode an elevator and walked randomly around the Walled City of Pallass.
 
—-
 
“Monster sighting! North-northwest!”
The bellowed word made a Gnoll’s head snap up. On Pallass’ wall, dozens of heads in earshot turned and armed Drakes, Gnolls, Garuda, and Dullahans all turned to the shout. But it was a single Gnoll who ran to the shouter.
“Report!”
