7.01
Page 11
Erin Solstice fumbled for her belt. Thift stopped her, even though he’d never turn down a tip—which he’d never actually gotten.
“No. I’m sorry, Miss Solstice. It’s just…I wanted to ask something.”
“What?”
Erin turned to him with a smile. But—Thift looked at her face.
“I don’t believe you had an enjoyable time with Pallass Hunting, did you, Miss Erin?”
She paused. And Thift saw her smile fade. Erin glanced towards the wagons, and then nodded at him.
“Maybe not. But it was what I needed. It was nice, Mister Thift. But it’s time to go back.”
“Last call!”
She paused, and then turned away. Thift saw her board a wagon as a pair of Gnolls gave her a paw up. Erin sat on the wagon and turned back. She waved as the wagons drove off. But Thift kept watching. And, too late, he wondered who she was. Each of his clients had a story. But Erin’s was one Thift would have liked to know. He saw the young woman disappear, heading back towards Pallass. And Thift thought he would have liked to hear her laugh.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice’s ride back to Pallass was smooth. Drakes and Gnolls chattered around her, but she tuned them out. She sat in the summer’s warmth, staring over the side of the wagon.
And she saw the land around Pallass. It wasn’t what she had imagined. Similar, but so different from Celum. To Earth.
Erin saw a Drake [Farmer]. Just…tilling a field. It was strangely normal, seeing him working with a hat on, and clothing that, while not as iconic as the farmer’s from Erin’s world, were similar in function.
She watched. She listened. And she saw. Differences. Like how the farm had a windmill, and how it was partially irrigated as the wagons crossed over a river. But she saw more.
It was so peaceful, here. There were no monsters. The land around Pallass was like Earth in that there was safety. The Walled City kept away threats. There was no walking into a Shield Spider nest if you strayed outside the city. The worst the clients of the Pallass Hunting experience faced was bad poops.
Thift’s question to Erin stayed with her as she rode. She wondered what the Gnoll thought of her, to ask that question. She wasn’t sad, but guilty. But she couldn’t have explained that to him in the brief window of time she’d had before getting on the wagon.
Erin was thinking. She was thinking of the rabbit she’d killed two days ago. She’d killed it, and then stared at it. She hadn’t wept for the rabbit, barely more than a bunny. Did that mean she was jaded? But she’d eaten it. She might have been horrified at the idea before coming to this world.
Now, Erin thought it was fine. She’d killed an innocent creature, but she’d eaten it. If she hadn’t eaten it, she’d be a monster. No, that wasn’t right. But you had to eat what you killed. Just like these Gnolls and Drakes—they enjoyed hunting, but they ate what they killed. And that was a kind of fair. But this was for their own enjoyment.
There was no right answer, but Erin was thinking. What did the rabbit think before she hit it with the rock? What did Thift think about his job? What did he think of her?
She wanted to know. That was what Erin realized. She wanted to know, to reach into the Gnoll’s head and figure out what he thought of her. And she would have liked to talk to him. To know…
More. Erin had a perverse thought—there was a skeleton trapped in everyone. But was the skeleton laughing or crying? What did people’s inner skeleton say? Did she know anyone?
