7.01
Page 0

(A young woman from the Phillipines is a [Fisher] at the end of the world. The Last Tide, a comicbook illustrated by Shane Sandulak will be coming out this summer! Click on this link for more details!)
 
“Ooh. Oooh. Birds.”
The weyr of Wyverns flew through the sky. High, high overhead. So high that they were specks in the sky, despite their massive size. In fact, they really didn’t belong in the sky, not with how much they weighed and the limited lift their wings could provide.
But anyone doing that calculation had failed to factor in magic. And the Wyverns flew. Frost Wyverns, to be exact. Hundreds of them. Nearly a thousand. They were flying in a huge formation, leaving the High Passes.
Not fleeing. Not exactly, but they had been bested. A certain Dragon had forced them to abandon their challenge to his territory and in the way of such monsters, the Wyverns had to go. They weren’t happy about it. And the Wyvern Lord, far larger than his smaller clutch, was angry.
He passed over Liscor after a single look. Not because the city wouldn’t provide him with the opportunity to express his rage, not because it wasn’t inhabited by fleshy creatures he would dine on—but because it wasn’t large enough.
The Wyvern Lord glared down at the tiny figure of the Antinium crawling over the inn, the Drakes and Gnolls on the walls not quite yet aware of his presence. He snarled. Not enough! There were nearly a thousand of his kin behind him. Wyverns! The average adult could be anywhere from thirty to sixty feet from head to long, serpentine tail, and he was larger still. He wanted proper quarry, not this tiny city!
And bugs! Wyverns hated bugs. So the Wyvern Lord flew on, much to the disappointment of only one person.
Bird. The [Bird Hunter] stared up at the sky and waved hopefully upwards.
“Birds! Big birds! Come down, please?”
He stood in his ramshackle tower, bow in hand. He had a quiver of arrows beside him and now the Worker took aim. He sighted down the arrow, but even with all his Skills—the birds were far too high. Yet, Bird could see them.
“Birds. There are so many birds. One, two, three, four, five…”
He stared and amended the statement.
“Big birds.”
The concept of fear didn’t really occur to Bird, but in a vague way, he was aware that they were very big birds, and there were a lot of them. Bird, who’d had many conversations with Erin and Lyonette and Klbkch about this, debated raising an alarm. But the big birds were going away.
“Come back! Come back!”
The other Workers laboring on the second floor of the inn looked around as Bird waved all four arms pleadingly. But the weyr was on the move. Bird stared after them.
“Please?”
They flew off. Bird stared down at his feet. He stared around at his tower, and then looked at the nearest Worker.
“I must have a larger tower. When you build it, make it twice as tall as the city, please.”
The Worker stared at Bird. The [Bird Hunter] paused.
“Please and thanks?”
 
—-
 
The flight of the Wyverns wasn’t noticed by Bird alone. Although it took one of the more far-sighted Gnolls on duty several more minutes than Bird to recognize them. When he saw, the Gnoll in question swore and shouted.
“Jeiss!”
Senior Guardsman Jeiss came running at the tone in Beilmark’s voice. When she pointed the flight out to him the Drake fumbled for one of the magical eyeglasses, put it to his eyes, and swore.
“Ancestors!”
“Sound the alarm? It would be when The Wandering Inn reopens! I knew it! You owe me seven silver if we survive! Dead gods, we have to get everyone in cover! There are hundreds!”
