7.01
Page 1
Beilmark howled in alarm. Liscor’s City Watch was looking up and even the most stalwart of Drakes was turning pale. So many Wyverns! But Jeiss held out a claw as Beilmark grabbed the horn on her belt and prepared to sound an alarm.
“Wait! Don’t sound the alarm just yet!”
“Are you mad? If this many attack—”
“I think they’re passing over.”
Beilmark froze. She whirled. More [Guards] were trying to sound the alarm. Beilmark quietly howled.
“Belay that! Send a runner to Watch Captain Zevara! Now!”
In silence, the Watch stared up as the Wyverns kept flying. They barely breathed as Zevara came at a run with Wing Commander Embria. The Drakes stared up at the Wyverns.
“Dead gods.”
“Watch Captain, they’re passing.”
Jeiss, or Councilman Jeiss, a member of Liscor’s Council, was on duty. Unlike the former Councils, this current one was occupied by working-class Gnolls and Drakes who performed their jobs when not trying to steer Liscor in the direction they wanted. And in this moment, it was Zevara everyone looked to.
“Wing Commander Embria, thoughts?”
Embria swallowed hard.
“My 4th Company has brought down Wyverns before, Watch Captain. But speaking freely—if that weyr descends, I recommend everyone gets indoors and we hope the Wyverns can be driven off or lose interest. There has to be a thousand up there.”
“My thoughts. Ancestors.”
Zevara whispered. She’d been a Watch Captain in trying times. From undead boss monsters like Skinner to the Raskghar and Face-Eater Moths and even a near-siege and a Goblin Lord’s army, she’d held Liscor. But this threat chilled her. It was…very bad.
“But they’re passing. Look. They’re not even headed our way, but past us. Towards the Blood Fields.”
Jeiss spoke softly. Zevara saw it was true; the Wyverns were already halfway past Liscor as they flew high along the mountains to the west. And yet, and yet…Zevara had a communal thought.
“The Wandering Inn’s opening again.”
Along the wall, the City Watch looked at each other and murmured. A few [Guards] tugged their helmets low and groaned. They were, by and large, not largely superstitious. But Erin wasn’t folklore, she was a phenomenon observed and tested on the sliding scale of calamity.
“Ancestors preserve our scales, if the Wyverns attack Liscor, I’m going to tie that Human to a ship and send her to Rhir. Let her bring disaster to the Demons.”
Zevara muttered under her breath. Across the wall, Beilmark’s sharp ears picked up a Gnoll’s soft growl.
“—Could also be the white—Doombringer—”
“They’re passing.”
Beilmark’s voice was overly loud. The Watch waited, tense, but the slow flight of the Wyverns was indeed unchanging. After a minute, then five, Zevara exhaled slowly.
So slowly. It was possible to almost see the dead, the terrible battle, and the weight of all of it easing from her shoulders. If you bottled that relief, you could…well, probably cure incontinence? Something like that.
“Senior Guardswoman Beilmark?”
“Yes, Watch Captain?”
Zevara turned. She nearly sagged, but discipline kept her spine straight. But she did smile, in pure relief. Then her mind was racing again.
“Send word to every city south of here! Priority-message to all the [Strategists] that a Wyvern migration is taking place! A huge one! Get me an estimate and speed on that weyr and let [Strategist] Olesm know!”
“At once, Watch Captain!”
Beilmark saluted. Across the wall, Embria and Zevara heard a faint cheer go up. And it was worthy of a cheer even if that cheer was for nothing happening. The two Drakes nodded at each other. Then Zevara had a thought.
