7.01
Page 25
Erin jumped. The two Garuda did a double-take in the air. The roar made everyone around Erin look up. She stared up—
And saw, on a balcony high above her, a short figure. Pelt, his face red, bellowed down at Erin from the ninth floor.
“Stop messing with my forge fire or I’ll put this hammer in your skull!”
“What?”
Erin was so surprised she completely lost focus. No flame appeared, but Pelt’s roar was no less furious.
“Every damn time! Use that Skill one more time and I’ll come down there and break both kneecaps!”
“Hey! It’s the mad Dwarf!”
Weki half-cawed uncertainly. He pointed up at Pelt. Assaln flew up effortlessly through the air. He shouted at Pelt.
“Lay off the Human, you old drunkard! We’re with her!”
“No they’re not! And what did I do?”
“Get lost, you feathered ducks!”
Pelt roared at Assaln. He had a hammer in his hand and he swung it at the Garuda. Assaln dodged back.
“Hey! Watch it! We’re with the Human, so—”
“I said. Get. Lost.”
Pelt roared. He threw the hammer. It spiraled past Assaln’s face. So fast that the shocked Garuda only dodge afterwards. Erin heard a gasp and a scream from Assaln. The spinning metal hammer was heavy and Pelt had thrown it fast.
“He’s out of his mind!”
Weki shouted. Erin turned, shouting.
“Watch out below! Hammer—”
She saw the hammer curving around in the air. It spun back towards Pelt. The Dwarf caught it. He aimed it at Weki.
“Get lost or it’s going through your head!”
“Ancestors!”
The two Garuda hesitated. Pelt drew back and they fled. Erin was vaguely amused to see them flying down, shouting about insane Dwarves. She waved up at Pelt.
“Thanks—”
“Use that Skill again and it’s hitting you! You damned empty-headed Human!”
Pelt swore at Erin. Her gratitude ebbed. But the Dwarf’s rage was curious.
“What did I do?”
Erin shouted up, but Pelt had already vanished. Erin looked around—everyone in earshot was staring at her.
“Um. Sorry?”
Erin hurried off. She ran back towards the stairs and went up them. Pallass’ residents cursed at her.
“Wrong side, idiot! This side’s going down!”
“Whoops! Sorry!”
Erin hurried to the other staircase. She was panting when she reached the top of the stairs. It was a workout going from floor to floor. Lots of climbing. She looked around.
The forges were hard at work. Erin heard the familiar, rhythmic clang of metal on metal. She stepped towards them, circumnavigating the pedestrian’s walkway. She saw Maughin at one forge. And then Pelt.
“Maughin! Hey!”
The Dullahan turned at Erin’s voice. He waved one hand to her—or rather, his torso did. His head was lying on a little pillow next to his anvil. Erin waved at him, but she didn’t come over as he bellowed a query. Instead, she headed towards Pelt’s forge.
The Dwarf was lying on the sling-chair, arms folded, gloves on his head. His apprentice was hard at work, shaping some thin metal in a complex pattern. And there was a sword, lying on the anvil.
Erin eyed the sword. It was beautiful. It had yet to be polished and ground, so parts of it were black with oxidization, but along the edge of the sword was a band of pure, silvery metal. No—silver was dull compared to the color this metal gave off. She had only seen metal so beautiful and shining once before.
Mithril. Erin felt at her belt pouch for a coin. Then she paused, looked at the Dwarf.
“Pelt?”
He flipped the gloves off his eyes and stared up at her.
“Buggering kings. What do you want? Get lost!”
“I—thanks for chasing away those Garuda. They were bothering me.”
Pelt just stared at Erin. The Drake apprentice working on the metal muttered under her breath.
