7.01
Page 26
“You’re going to be in trouble, Master.”
“For what? Throwing a hammer at those bird nuisances? Shut up! And I didn’t do it for you, woman.”
The Dwarf cursed at her too, throwing a glove at the Drake. It bounced off her arm. Erin glared at Pelt.
“Hey! Don’t be a jerk!”
“I said, get lost. This is my forge! What in the hells do you want?”
The Dwarf glowered at Erin. She put her hands on her hips.
“I was trying to thank you! And ask what you meant! What do you mean, I messed with your fire?”
“You know exactly what I mean, you lead-brained piece of scrap iron! You’ve been fucking with my forge fire all day! One more time and I’ll break your hands!”
Pelt flailed for his hammer lying next to his sling, but didn’t have the energy to get up himself. Erin stared at him.
“Wait. You mean, the blue flame? But I wasn’t anywhere near your forge! And I didn’t even use it!”
“So? It’s fire! Do you think I’m an idiot? You’re blasting that thing all over the place—apprentice! Throw this Human out!”
“Master, I don’t think she knows what you’re talking about—”
The Drake avoided the second glove. Erin folded her arms.
“Your apprentice is right! I have no clue! How did my little Skill affect you all the way up here? All I’m doing is making fire!”
Pelt’s face turned as red as a beet. Or at least, a red beet. He inhaled to scream at Erin and seemed to realize she wasn’t about to leave. In a strangled voice, the Dwarf pointed at the fire that his apprentice was working with.
“It’s not natural. It’s magical fire. I can feel you making it. It’s distracting. And it will interfere with my metals. If I was forging truegold it would ruin the process!”
Erin raised her eyebrows. She glanced at the sword. Erin was no [Metallurgist], but she had eyes.
“And were you forging with truegold?”
The Dwarf uttered an oath. Erin shook her head.
“That’s what I thought. I’m sorry if I’m making you sensitive—”
The Drake apprentice chuckled. Pelt looked around for something to throw, but he was out of nearby objects.
“—but I’m testing out a new Skill! And I don’t know how it works!”
“Test it somewhere else! I don’t need to feel every time you make a half-baked flame.”
“But why are you so sensitive?”
“I’m not sensitive, I’m a grandfathers damned [Blacksmith]! Of course I can feel magical flame! Anyone who can’t is a useless lump who doesn’t deserve to pick up a hammer! Which is apparently everyone in Pallass!”
Pelt howled at Erin. Across the ninth floor, hammers stopped ringing for a second. Erin hesitated.
“Um. Okay. Sorry.”
The Dwarf stared at Erin.
“Get. Lost.”
She threw up her hands.
“Fine. I was trying to say thank you! I didn’t mean to do anything with the fire, so I’ll stop! Thank you for chasing away those Garuda you huge jerk!”
She shouted back at Pelt, using a touch of her [Loud Voice] Skill. His eyes rolled up in his head. Erin realized he was not only grumpy, but hung over. She smirked as his apprentice covered a grin and turned to go. She’d talk to Maughin, maybe bring him back to the inn. Erin was feeling more the thing. She was tired of flirting Garuda boys and mean Dwarves! Time to go back—
Erin was walking out of Pelt’s forge when she heard a strangled noise. She ignored it—until a hand seized her lower arm.
“That’s mine.”
Erin whirled. Pelt was on his feet. And suddenly—the Dwarf was right there. She stared down at him. Erin wasn’t tall and Dwarves weren’t as short as she was given to believe. And Pelt was—
Right there. The Dwarf’s eyes were huge. And suddenly—he wasn’t angry. His big hand suddenly held Erin’s arm. As tight as a vise. As tight as steel itself.
