7.01
Page 7
Thift nodded and pitched in with practiced timing.
“However, we take every precaution just to be safe. If you see any monster, even a slime, blow on your whistle at once. This area is regularly patrolled, but there are always exceptions. I heard there was a Creler infestation at the Bloodfields.”
Some of the clients shuddered and Terrisca shot Thift a quick glance. But she nodded after a second; better to have the clients a bit wary. Some of the Gnolls near the front murmured, but one of them spoke up with a quick grin.
“I’d rather like to find a monster. With a few good shots, I believe I could take down a…a Scrawgie or two!”
He flexed his shortbow and the others laughed. Thift tried not to let his expression change.
City Gnolls.
It took all of Thift’s control not to grimace. He bet none of this group had ever seen so much as a Sewer Slime before. They’d lived behind Pallass’ walls all their lives, and that was one of the safest places…anywhere. Indeed, he thought of the group he was leaving here as rather overfed and clueless.
But perhaps that was him being harsh. His clients had signed up for their exciting outdoor survival getaway. They were expected to hunt and prepare their meals, and they’d be sleeping out in the open—except for the few that had brought tents.
Even so, it was the kind of getaway only a City Gnoll or Drake would pay for. Plains Gnolls, of which Thift was one, were used to this lifestyle in general, not as some exciting venture.
“Remember, keep in your designated area! We don’t want anyone injuring each other while hunting! You may gain the [Hunter] class if you’re lucky!”
Terrisca smiled at her excited group. She pointed in the distance.
“There is also a fishing option; we have a plentiful lake and some of our [Fishers] have caught harvests there. If you’ve signed up for a creek spot, just remember to bury your waste far from the water!”
The Gnolls and Drakes nodded wisely. Thift sighed. Terrisca had neglected to mention that her outdoors organization paid said [Fishers] to stock the lake up ahead of their groups, and [Trappers] and [Hunters] also made sure there was game to be had. Frankly, if none of the clients bagged a single animal, he, Thift, would conclude it was because they were both blind and deaf.
But it would be fun. Terrisca let the clients go. Some instantly scattered, heading towards their designated hunting spots. A few looked quite sharp. Thift, the seasoned [Hunter] had to admit that the pair of Gnolls with hunting spears might actually bring down some of the deer scattered around the area.
“There, you see, Thift? That trio looks like they’ve hunted before.”
As the employees of Pallass Hunting, the company that ran this outdoors experience relaxed and fielded a few questions from their clients, Terrisca murmured to Thift. The Gnoll growled very quietly so no one but his coworkers would hear him. He nodded at the trio of two Drakes and a Gnoll who were moving in a single line towards a forest.
“I’ll admit, they can move quietly. But if they catch a deer, it’s only because they’re fenced into our ‘outdoor’ area.”
Terrisca cuffed Thift on the shoulder lightly.
“Don’t spoil their fun. They’ve paid up and it beats having to track one for miles. Most of these Gnolls and Drakes have jobs and don’t want to travel into the real wilderness.”
“I know, I know.”
Thift sighed. This was his second year working the spring-summer job with Pallass Hunting, and he couldn’t say that it was a bad job. He only had to stand around and give advice to rookies. Terrisca, who’d recruited him, grinned.
