7.01
Page 15
One of the unique items Pelt’s apprentice had to relocate every time they changed locations was a chair. A sling chair, to be precise. It was more like a bench than a chair. Made up of crossed legs and a stretched canvas top, it was simple in design. However, this one was unique in that the frame was made of steel. Pelt had forged it himself on a whim.
Light, sturdy, and not really the kind of thing you wanted in a forge, even if only the stretched hide was flammable. But Pelt kept it around. Now, he lay down on it, grabbed a pair of gloves, and put them over his eyes. He could stretch out fully on the chair without issue. The Dwarf sagged backwards, already dozing.
Some of the other [Smiths] who could see Pelt glared at the Dwarf. A Gnoll [Blacksmith] paused in hammering and glared at the Dwarf as his apprentice did the job that was Pelt’s responsibility.
“That damn Dwarf doesn’t deserve his place on this floor.”
It was a sentiment shared by many. Pelt was making his apprentice do work he’d promised to do himself! It was an open secret it happened. Just look at him, sleeping away!
That was Pelt. The disgracefully unsurpassed drunkard of the ninth. He was indeed lazy. And rude. And ill-tempered. And napping while his apprentice anxiously took the steel billet out and placed it on the anvil. He could sleep even with the forges ringing around him.
But he was listening. As the young Drake began hammering, she began stretching out the heated metal, attempting to forge out the rough shape of the sword before it would be quenched, tempered, ground to sharpness, the edge honed…oh, and a handle constructed, fitted, and the countless other little details that made a blade even usable.
She was good—good enough that she could take over for her master. But obviously, far from a master herself. The other [Smiths] believed, rightly, that she’d never make a sword of the quality that Pelt had promised, thus disgracing the Dwarf further, if that were possible. But that was only her alone.
As the Drake hammered the metal thinner and thinner, trying to keep it even and straight, Pelt spoke up about twenty minutes into the hammering.
“Too thin halfway up the blade. Start over.”
The Drake started. The Dwarf never moved from his comatose spot. Nor did he adjust the gloves over his eyes. But—she looked down at her steel. And she saw that the middle was indeed too thin.
“Sorry, Master—”
“Toss it.”
Blushing and ashamed, the Drake dropped the steel next to the anvil. She grabbed another billet of prepared steel and tossed it into the forge to heat. She could see Maughin looking at her sympathetically. He must have thought she’d caught her own mistake. He glared at Pelt. But the apprentice was relieved.
Her name was Emessa, a fact which she sometimes wondered if Pelt knew. He just called her ‘apprentice’, like the last six apprentices he’d had over the year. She was the longest to work under him by far. But who cared about Emessa? What secrets did she have?
A few. If you looked, if you cared, and if you asked her, Emessa might tell you more than you expected. For instance, the reason why she worked for her ill-tempered boss wasn’t what most would expect.
She’d received offers from other [Smiths], including Maughin himself to take on her apprenticeship, but turned them all down. Emessa knew that her fellow apprentices didn’t understand why she’d work for the infamous Pelt, and she got a lot of questions whenever they talked. But they didn’t understand.
