7.02
Page 15
“There is some…strange phenomenon going on with the Gnollish ability to cast magic naturally. But you came to me to learn magic. You wanted to learn it and you had the passion and grit to overcome your limitations! Once you punched through your initial inability, you were able to cast magic! Effectively! Which proves Gnolls only need grit. Determination!”
He clenched a fist, his voice rising with each sentence.
“You will prove to the tribes that Gnolls can cast magic! You have what it takes, Ferkr! Don’t you dare doubt yourself after all you’ve done! You have what it takes! Willpower! Strength of character!”
“Testicles?”
One of Grimalkin’s apprentices muttered under his breath. Grimalkin’s head turned.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Terreskil. Anyways, I believe in you, Ferkr. And I will not tolerate weak-mindedness!”
Ferkr practically glowed under the rare praise. Grimalkin clapped her shoulder and she staggered. Briskly, he turned.
“It will be a huge discovery. And you and I will go down in modern history for bringing this, Ferkr. I have no doubt. But I’m still looking into this odd phenomenon with the Gnolls. You will certainly prove to all the Gnolls that you can cast magic. But you are not alone.”
The female Gnoll nodded hesitantly. She looked at Grimalkin.
“Is it just perception that makes it so hard for Gnolls to become [Mages], Master Grimalkin?”
He paused.
“No. I don’t think so. There is some reason behind the lack of magical ability in recent generations of Gnolls. There was a Gnoll apprentice who journeyed to Wistram, forty years ago. Or so I understand. One of their [Shamans]. Wasn’t there a controversy among the Gnoll tribes in sending such a student?”
“Yes, Magus. The tribes have an issue with the academy. They won’t trade with Wistram—”
Grimalkin waved a claw.
“Not that. I know all about the reaction of the tribes. I mean, the decision to send a Gnoll to Wistram at all. There was some controversy in even sending a potential student. And I checked the records via my contact at the academy—no Gnoll had been sent for the last three hundred years before that. Why?”
The young Gnoll shook her head.
“I’m not a Plains Gnoll, Magus. I was born in Pallass.”
“Hm. Well, I can see why this misconception occurred. There was a problem with your ability, Ferkr, but it can be overcome. Gnolls can be [Mages]. You’re proof of that. Not just you, either.”
“Magus?”
Grimalkin was rubbing at his chin. He spoke thoughtfully.
“The white Gnoll child—Mrsha—is also utilizing some nature magic. When you present your findings at the Meeting of the Tribes, you may cite her—although given what I understand of white Gnolls, it might prove controversial.”
Ferkr nodded uneasily. Grimalkin went on.
“A white Gnoll cub. I don’t know all of the nuance, but it would be at Miss Solstice’s inn. I must speak with her again. What is she hiding? A second Gnoll who can cast magic, weights, her uncanny—”
He broke off and shook his head. Grimalkin returned his attention to Ferkr.
“You will do fine, Ferkr. There are records of Gnoll [Mages] in history. And yes, a Gnoll [Archmage]! With the class! But that was thousands of years ago. What changed in that time? Why are Gnolls now only [Shamans]? You will go to the Meeting of Tribes, show them what I—we—have uncovered, and find out why this phenomenon exists. I expect a full investigation. You are my student. Do me proud.”
Ferkr nodded. She stood a bit straighter and smiled. Grimalkin did too, just for a second. Then his glare reappeared.
