7.02
Page 14
He handed the apprentice a letter after a moment and sighed. The apprentice took it and bowing over himself, hurried out of Grimalkin’s home. No doubt Master Tirrel would have to contract some of his fellow smiths to help with the huge order, but he’d scored a massive sale.
Grimalkin didn’t even think of the gold he’d spent, though. He was already back to coaching Ferkr and his other students. The Gnoll panted as Grimalkin had her doing a hanging leg lift. He’d already come up with the exercise, but now Ferkr had to hold a dumbbell between her feet as she lifted her legs up to waist-level and swung them down.
“Good. Good. I’m impressed; Gnolls do have an easier time by and large with my workouts than Drakes. Well, it is a species difference. I hadn’t appreciated it until now. But then, you are the first of my apprentices in your species. How long have you been studying, Ferkr?”
“Six months, Magus.”
Grimalkin nodded. Ferkr was a special project.
“And the Meeting of the Tribes is coming up. Hm. We’d better begin preparing you for that day. We’ll work in more private spellcraft studying time, although I hate to cut short your physical regimen.”
“Yes Magus.”
Ferkr brightened, although Grimalkin’s mental studies were almost as taxing as his physical lessons. But then her face fell.
“Magus Grimalkin—”
“Yes?”
The female Gnoll hesitated. She bit one lip as she lifted her legs, grunting with the effort of the exercise.
“Am I—ready for the Meeting of the Tribes?”
“You can cast magic.”
“Yes, Magus. But…”
But Grimalkin’s training was as much exercise as it was…magic. And Gnolls couldn’t cast magic like [Mages]. Everyone knew that. Ferkr bit her tongue on all of that; she’d get another shouting lesson. But Grimalkin seemed to read her mind. He sighed, and for once, didn’t bellow.
“If you’re worried about your magical ability, Ferkr, you are capable of casting magic. Drop. Cast [Light] for me. Now.”
She did so. Ferkr held out her paw, and concentrated. After a moment, a ball of yellow light appeared over her paw. It was hard, but as the orb rose, she stared at it.
Magic. The other apprentices eyed Ferkr. A Gnoll casting a [Mage] spell. Grimalkin nodded.
“There. What do you have to worry about? You will go to the Meeting of Tribes and show them you can cast magic.”
“Yes, Magus. But only Tier 1 and Tier 2 spells at best! I’ve been here six months and…”
Ferkr tried not to whine like a Gnoll cub. Grimalkin paused. He took his time in his reply as he eyed Ferkr up and down.
“It is true that you have had more difficulty naturally accessing your internal mana than any other apprentice I’ve ever taught. Which is fascinating, incidentally. In order to cast basic spells, it has taken you—how many months?”
“Four.”
“Longer than most, I will admit. It was a mental block near the end. But Ferkr, listen to me.”
Grimalkin put a claw on Ferkr’s shoulder, squeezing gently. For him. He met his apprentice’s eyes firmly.
“You’ve built up my fundamental basis for mage-muscle magical storage, or ‘magical sinew’. I’m still thinking of a catchy appellation. And it is true, you struggled hard to get to where you are. Are you lagging behind some apprentices in your spellcraft? Of course! I won’t lie to you.”
The Drake nodded, gesturing to Ferkr as he walked around her.
