7.02
Page 43
Now, the world over, an image appeared. Wistram’s [Mages] caught the spell, throwing it. Lyonette stared at the orb, reflecting a Drake as he ran, and then a sky full of Wyverns. Then she looked at the magical door.
It was open to Pallass. In the center of the room, she saw a street covered with frost. It was snowing. And above—there was shadows. She heard screams, echoed moments later from the orb.
“Sound the alarm! Where’s the army?”
Lyonette looked around. The room was frozen. Klbkch was on his feet. So was Relc. The Drake was staring.
“How’d they get past the walls? No way. Pallass has a million spells—”
“Impossible.”
Bevussa was staring. Then—in the center of the orb, she saw the running, bobbing view stop.
Someone halted in the magical door. A panting Drake, gasping for air. His view swung around and for a second Lyonette saw herself through the magical door. He was holding up a glittering mirror, and wherever he turned it the view in the scrying orb reflected.
“Pallass is under attack! Ancestors! They’re everywhere—”
Another Drake raced into view, from the door and the scrying orb. He was wearing expensive clothes. He turned, not even seeing the occupants of The Wandering Inn staring at him. He shouted as the first Drake held up the mirror.
“This is Sir Relz of Pallass! We are under attack! Are we broadcasting? Hello? Pallass is under attack! We just saw—Noass! Are you alright?”
The other Drake started. Lyonette saw him jerk—the image jerked and then he was holding the mirror up. The two Drakes crowded into frame.
“I’m fine, Sir Relz. Dead gods! This—this is Noass, your [Commentator]. We’re just—we’re in the middle of an attack! There are Wyverns everywhere!”
“They’re diving out the skies! This is—my [Dangersense] went off a second before—some kind of shockwave in the air—”
“Sound the alarm! Why aren’t the wall spells activating?”
Noass bellowed over his shoulder. He looked around frantically.
“We’re under attack. Ancestors! Someone—”
He stopped. The viewpoint shifted again as he turned the mirror. He stared at the inhabitants of the inn. They stared back. The Drake breathed at them, panting, his voice ragged.
“We’re under attack. This is—this is the inn in Liscor, isn’t it?”
“Yes.”
Lyonette stared at him in shock. The Drake nodded. In pure shock. He looked at them. Pleadingly.
“Help. Someone—”
He pointed at the sky. Wyverns were flooding into the city. Lyonette looked at him, wide-eyed. And her face was reflected a hundred thousand times, the world over.
“It’s her.”
Lyonette’s father stared into the scrying basin. But then the viewpoint shifted. A Garuda surged to her feet.
Bevussa Slenderscale stood up. She looked at Pallass through the magical door. Her home. Her voice was a croak. Then a shout.
“Wings of Pallass. Wings. Pallass is under siege.”
Her teammates were still sitting at their table. Bevussa looked at them and then knocked the table over. She leapt towards the door.
“Wings of Pallass! To me!”
She flew. Zassil, Issa, and Kin leapt through the doorway in a second. Shock shattered as Keldrass overturned his table. His voice was a bellow, a scream.
“Get me my Flamewardens! To Pallass! The City of Invention must not fall!”
He charged at the magic door as Bevussa and half her team leapt through. Keldrass tried to follow, but collided with the wall as the magic ran out. He roared for his team, the Heartflame Armor, someone to recharge the door! Kin and Zassil shouting at each other as the Drake [Mage] put her claws on the door.
“Everyone back! Get back!”
