7.02
Page 9
It would make most people suspect his reasons, but his students knew he only had eyes for the geography of the body. He had one true love, and it was the physical form. He had other nude paintings and diagrams too. And all of his students had learned to ignore them.
Grimalkin of Pallass. To see him shouting or exhorting his students as they worked out was to get an instant snapshot of his personality. But that was only half of him. Now, as all of his students went to their desks, the muscular Drake [Mage] walked down the lines of their desks. And his field-roar became softer. Still loud and commanding, but authoritative rather than shouty.
“Control your breathing. Inhale—move your diaphragm. Wonderful term, that. Expand your chest. Inhale—exhale. Deep, controlled breaths. Don’t pant, Ferkr. Focus your minds as if you’re preparing to cast a spell. Walk on a razor’s edge of concentration. I want those essays as precise as anything I’d read from students in Fissival’s Scholarium.”
His students bowed their heads as Grimalkin walked past them, checking their work. They were writing essays. The apprentices were trading off, some exercising, and then, as they reached maximum fatigue, punishing their brains with magical textbooks or writing essays on their thoughts.
“I don’t see your claw moving, Terreskil.”
Grimalkin glared at a Drake. The Drake jumped.
“I was collecting my thoughts, Master—”
“You were not. I can see your muscles relaxing. Back straight! Think if you must, but don’t lose focus!”
Grimalkin whirled, and his tail slapped Terreskil’s back. The younger Drake—probably only seventeen or so, groaned. And he couldn’t bear it any longer.
“Master! Can’t we rest for a few minutes? We’ve been exercising for nearly an hour!”
The other students winced as his plaintive tone made Grimalkin turn back. The [Sinew Magus]’ brows shot together. He barked at Terreskil.
“Oh, and an hour’s work is enough to fatigue you so much that you can’t put two words together on parchment?”
“No, Master Grimalkin. I only meant—”
“Should we pamper you, Terreskil? Feed you as much food as you want and let you study at your leisure? Are we Wistram [Mages]? Would you like a couch to recline on? Something to drink? Alcoholic or not?”
Grimalkin’s purr was followed by him flicking his claw. A crystal decanter filled with a soft, amber liquid floated over. And a cup. Terreskil hunched his shoulders.
“I didn’t mean—”
“You want a break. Well, I have news for you, Terreskil! When the enemy is charging at you in the heat of battle, you do not get a break!”
Grimalkin roared in Terreskil’s earhole. His students winced as the [Sinew Magus] thumped a huge fist. Everything on Terreskil’s desk jumped, including the Drake.
“This is a crash course, Terreskil. I don’t have nearly a decade to waste on making you a [Mage]! Let alone the inclination! You have one year, two at most to pass my class. And when you do, you will find the rest of life is easy by comparison! Do you want to be a [Mage]?”
“Yes, Magus Grimalkin!”
“Say it louder!”
“Yes, Magus Grimalkin!”
Terreskil shouted. Grimalkin nodded. Then he strode past Terreskil as the Drake bent back to his essay. The [Mage] turned as he faced his class of a dozen students.
“[Mages] write! If you can’t express yourself on parchment and paper, you will leave nothing behind! More to the point—your brain is a muscle! You will use it or it will be as weak as an infant’s! If anyone has finished their essay on Valmira’s spellcasting in history and modern implementation, I want you on the weights! If one set of muscle is tired, work another!”
