7.02
Page 3
Erin breathed a sigh of relief as both of the Pallassian [Guards] glowered. She smiled at Kel.
“Thanks, Kel. So I’m not in trouble?”
He nodded at her, and his half-glare didn’t change one bit. Kel paused.
“Not in any serious trouble, Miss Solstice. This is your first offence, and I will speedily convey the details of the situation to my superiors. I imagine they will want to speak with you before you are released. And until that moment, you are under arrest.”
He nodded to the two [Guards].
“Take her to the prison. I’m not having her in lockup.”
Erin’s jaw dropped. The two [Guards] grinned. And then, only then did Kel smile faintly. Erin felt the two arms begin to drag her back. She tried to fight forwards, shouting.
“What? You can’t do that! I thought we were friends, Kel! At least frenemies!”
“Silence, prisoner!”
“Treat Miss Solstice with care, [Guardswoman] Leciss. Unless she resists. Then I’ll authorize force.”
Kel warned the Drake. She looked disappointed, but Erin was furious. She struggled towards Kel’s desk, ignoring the other [Guards] who’d been idly watching her the entire time with urbane amusement.
“You can’t do this! It was an accident!”
The Drake sitting at the desk met Erin’s furious glare. He sighed.
“So you ‘accidentally’ used a Skill that caused sadness in anyone who beheld it? And we should let you go because you ‘didn’t know any better?’ Is that right, Miss Erin?”
She hesitated. Well, when he put it like that…
“But it was an accident. You know that. Right?”
Kel nodded agreeably. The Drake consulted his report.
“Absolutely, Miss Solstice. You were tested under truth spell and we have witnesses all corroborated in the report. Any Watch Captain would agree this was an accident. And I am sure they will when they have time to review your case. That usually occurs each evening before nightfall.”
“But why do I have to be in jail for it?”
The Drake paused. He met Erin’s eyes slowly.
“Why indeed? Miss Erin Solstice, I have over four hundred complaints in the lower Watch houses from people who witnessed your Skill. Distraught victims moved to tears. Families, guests of the city. People celebrating birthdays. Children. All of whom who were affected by your ‘accident’.”
He stared meaningfully at Erin. Her heart fell. And Pelt. She remembered his tears. Maughin’s too. Kel looked at her.
“Should I let you walk free, Miss Solstice? For your accident? That is within my authority as Desk Sergeant. If you believe I should, please, let me know.”
He was being unusually erudite. But Erin saw the glint in the Drake’s eyes. He was enjoying this. She hung her head and muttered.
“…I’ll go quietly.”
Kel the [Guardsman] nodded with great satisfaction. As the other two [Guards] turned Erin around and began leading her out of the Watch House, he called at their backs.
“Put her in the non-magical section. Block—no, put her in our temporary holding area. In the punishment cell.”
“What?”
Erin hesitated. The Drake grinned.
“As you say, Desk Sergeant! Come on, Human.”
She pulled at Erin. The young woman looked back.
“Kel? Wait. Punishment…Kel?”
She ignored Erin’s protests and dragged her out of the Watch House. Kel listened to Erin shouting until her voice was muffled by the door slamming shut. Then he sat back at his desk and sighed.
“Report to go to Watch Captain Qissa. Anyone headed down?”
“I’ll take it on my patrol.”
One of the Senior Guardswomen offered. A Gnoll trotted over and leaned on the desk. She was a grizzled veteran with a missing ear and scars from her encounters with trouble. She nodded to the door.
