7.02
Page 2
Kel held up a claw and checked something.
“Can you corroborate a report of intimidation and near-battery by the Dwarf on two aggrieved Garuda males?”
“What? Oh, that. They were bothering me. Well, Pelt overreacted, but—it’s a long story.”
“Proceed, then. As clearly as you can be, Miss Solstice.”
Kel looked up, clearly ready to take notes. Erin glanced at the two [Guards] holding her arm. She was still manacled, but after her threat to punch one of them, they weren’t letting go. It was cool, though. Protocol. She tried to give Kel as brief and informative a summary as possible.
“…And because y’know, Pelt was using the flames, I didn’t get a chance to put them out myself. Which I don’t know how to. But no one got hurt, right?”
She looked at Kel. The Drake finished writing, his quill dancing over the paper and only pausing now and then to dip in the inkpot. He looked up and cleared his throat.
“Hm. Thank you, Miss Solstice. You were cleared via truth spell, so I shall list your account as completely accurate. Now—”
The door to the Watch House swung open with a bang. Erin jumped, but a young voice shouted instantly.
“Message for the Desk Sergeant! 9th Floor!”
A young female Gnoll—another Street Runner barged up to the front desk without looking twice at Erin. She thrust a bit of parchment at Kel. He sighed and nodded to her.
“Received. Here. No messages at the moment.”
He flicked a Runner’s seal from a bowl at her and the Gnoll girl caught it and ran out. Kel unfolded the message and sighed as he read it. Erin was busy admiring the system of using Street Runners, but she saw Kel’s forehead crease. Now seemed like a good time.
“So, Kel, buddy. About this incident.”
The two [Guards] holding her, one the female Drake, the other a burly Dullahan, both glowered. The Dullahan, who’d been silent until now looked at Kel.
“Is this the Human, Desk Sergeant?”
“The [Innkeeper], Regil. Yes.”
Kel’s tone and expression made the two [Guards] eye Erin. She didn’t like the look they were giving her and each other. Kel sighed. He put the parchment down and addressed the female Drake.
“Was any [Guardsman] hurt when Miss Solstice resisted arrest, Guardswoman?”
“Nossir! But she squirms like a damn bag of worms, Desk Sergeant!”
The Drake glared at Erin. Erin glared back.
“Hey! You picked me up! I can walk! I—”
She shut up as Kel lifted a claw. The Desk Sergeant’s tone was…well, it was rather like Erin was used to in her previous dealings with Kel. Annoyed and resigned. The Drake sighed as he collected the note and paper he’d written on into a single report.
“Right. Well, all things considered Miss Solstice, I believe you when you say it was an accident. And apparently, I have two dozen [Smiths] already protesting your arrest and standing witness. So it would behoove the Watch to look kindly on the accident.”
“What? Desk Sergeant, it was a mass-Skill that could have been city-wide—”
The [Guardswoman] barked. There was clearly some level of formality to Pallass’ Watch system, because she shut up as Kel glared at her.
“The protesting smiths include Master Maughin and Master Pelt of the Blacksmith’s Guild.”
The female Drake bit her tongue. Erin smiled, but made it vanish as Kel looked at her. The Drake steepled his claws and sighed.
“On the other tail, this incident has upset a large number of Pallass residents. But given your unique relationship with Pallass, I have no doubt once we get it all sorted, Watch Captain Venim or another day-Captain will find you innocent. Or at least, reprimand you to Liscor’s care after paying a fine.”
