7.02
Page 16
“And before you get there, I will have you half again as strong as you are now and you won’t quit training until you can cast [Fireball]! Back to work! And remember to hydrate yourselves! Hydrate. Where does she…?”
He paused. Then, Grimalkin’s head turned.
“Strange. What am I missing? How could she possibly know all this? Beyond strange. Either her parents were [Martial Artists], or…what?”
Grimalkin of Pallass paused. And his mind wrestled with the outline of an idea so audacious he couldn’t even frame it. But then he shook his head and got back to work. He’d check on Erin Solstice later. But he wouldn’t forget. Grimalkin had a list of important things, truly important things he was focused on like a bolt of lightning and Erin Solstice’s name had made it onto that list. There was something about her.
 
—-
 
When she thought about it, really thought about it, it was only fitting. Absurd, maybe. But it fit.
Erin Solstice sat in her cell and thought about what she’d done. Really thought about it.
She knew she could be reckless. Impulsive. And normally, normally that was fine. Erin knew people thought she was crazy, or an idiot. And some of what she put on was an act. But she could be spontaneous. It was fine when she was playing with Mrsha, or in her inn.
But sometimes, Erin just didn’t think. And when she didn’t, she hurt people. By accident, but she hurt them deeply. It felt like she’d done that more often, recently. First Toren, where Erin had come face-to-face with her biggest mistake. Now Pelt.
Erin hadn’t thought about her taking the knife he’d made. Or about the consequences of using her Skill on him. And perhaps it had worked out. But she remembered his tears.
She had done bad things. Erin saw a skeleton’s heart breaking. And her own heart hurt in reply. She’d done a bad thing. Not just to Pelt. Maybe she belonged here. Just for a bit. Erin sat on her cot and drew her knees up to her chest. Maybe she needed punishment.
“Psst. What’d you do to get in here? Come on. I know you’re awake. Hey, Human. I’m over here. Excuse me? Hello?”
And that punishment was sitting across from the most annoying Drake in the entire world. Erin put her hands over her ears. But she could still hear the Drake.
“Hey! Rude! Excuse me if I’m trying to be social. What, are you too good to talk? Typical. You know, this is why people don’t like Humans. You’re giving your species a bad name, you know.”
Erin glared into her knees. Perhaps this was fitting. She turned away from the Drake in the cell opposite hers. There was a pause and Erin’s hands over her ears muffled the Drake’s voice. She breathed a sigh of relief.
Then something bounced off the back of her head. Erin shot to her feet.
“Stop that! And put some clothes on!”
She shook her fist at the Drake standing in the other cell. She tried not to look, but—yes—he was still naked. He folded his arms, satisfied by her reaction.
“You’re not the [Warden], Miss Human. Finally willing to talk?”
“Go away! Turn around!”
“What? Why?”
The Drake struck another pose, one leg on his cot. He was doing this on purpose! Erin turned red.
“You’re naked!”
“So?”
Erin mouthed silently. She looked for what he’d thrown at her. It was a little stone. Erin picked it up and hurled it back. It flew through a gap in the cell at the Drake’s—he dodged.
“Hey! That was uncalled for!”
“Cover yourself up! Why are you naked? Aren’t there rules about this? Why don’t the guards make you put on pants!?”
“Miss, no force on earth could make me put on pants.”
The Drake smirked at her. Erin stared at his face. Just at his face.
