7.02
Page 40
The Wyverns were doing something. They were lined up in the air—not a wall, but more like a half-sphere. The Wyvern Lord was in the center. And they were—breathing?
From so far away Rekhassha could only see the white frost as all the Wyverns exhaled. The Day Strategist blinked.
“What is that? Are they breathing frost? They must be uncommon variants.”
“What are they doing?”
Rekhassha didn’t like it one bit. She stared at the Day Strategist. Her [Dangersense] was going off. The Day Strategist wavered. The Wyverns were concentrating their breath into a single point.
“I don’t—those are clearly Frost Wyverns. Maybe they’re trying to stop the spells? That’s a unique behavior. Nevertheless, even if they keep approaching we’ll hit them from angles. There’s nothing to fear, Watch Captain. They’re miles out. And frost breath can’t—”
He broke off. Rekhassha stared.
“It’s—condensing. What’s going on? Day Strategist!”
She pointed and snapped. The Day Strategist stared. His eyes bulged.
“What the—”
A thousand Wyverns breathed at once. The magic, freezing air blasted from their maws, mixing, multiplying the force—
Collecting in the air. The magical frost didn’t dissipate. But it gathered together. Against all logic. But it wasn’t just a biological trait. It was magic. A spinning orb of frozen air was whirling, frost and snow spinning faster and faster as the Wyverns kept exhaling.
“What’s that? In the air?”
One of the [Scouts] pointed. Rekhassha realized what it was.
“It’s some kind of mass-attack spell! Everyone, take cover!”
“There’s no way it can hit us from afar. Our best spells can barely reach—”
The Day Strategist looked around. [Soldiers] were taking cover behind the battlements. The Drake glared at Rekhassha. Then he heard a shriek.
The ball of frost shot forwards from the massed Wyverns. And the air tore around it. Rekhassha’s eyes went round.
“Brace! Activate the shield spells!”
She turned. The Day Strategist stared. The air was moving as the orb shot at Pallass’ walls. At him. It looked like—a ripple in the air.
Snow, and a blast of wind coming at them. Faster than any arrow. It covered a mile in five seconds. It was—
So fast.
The Drake reached for his key scrolls, clawing for the right one. Rekhassha threw herself behind a barrier of stone. She bellowed, tearing at her own key scrolls.
“Get to cover! Activate the scrolls!”
The Day Strategist gulped.
“Sound—”
The Day Strategist never finished the word. Faster than he could move, could speak, faster than sound came the blast of frost. The blizzard covered the entire wall. The orb exploded across the northern wall, and everything froze.
Everything. Across the eastern wall, [Soldiers] screamed as their armor turned frozen in a second. And they were thousands of feet from the blast! Even on the southern wall, the defenders felt the impact and the sudden, biting frost.
A [Lieutenant] Garuda caught herself as the sudden wind nearly blasted her into the air. She stared at the frost on her feathers and the pain suddenly radiating across her body. Like frostbite! But she stared at the wall.
She saw the figures on the northern wall. The distant Day Strategist, Rekhassha. The [Soldiers] and [Guards] in their cover. They were…pale.
White. The Lieutenant raised a speaking stone to her beak.
“Watch Captain Rekhassha? Day Strategist? What was that? Watch Captain? Come in! Anyone?”
There was no response. And as the [Lieutenant] stared—she realized none of the figures were moving. Her eyes went wide. She stared at a [Soldier] getting to his feet. He looked at her, color draining from his face.
