7.02
Page 24
He laughed. The other officers laughed too, reassured by the Drake’s confidence. The Wyverns were outnumbered many times by 4th Army, after all. It was only to minimalize casualties they were taking the ambush approach. Even so…Edellein saw an opportunity as he eyed the Wyvern Lord warily circling above.
“They’d be interesting mounts. Pallass could use some [Wyvern Riders]. Hah! Now there’s a thought. Better than Oteslia’s Pegasi. Prepare me a battalion with nets, hooks, and ropes. And consult with some [Beast Tamers] about Wyvern capture.”
“Sir?”
The [General] turned his head impatiently.
“Why not? We might as well get more than meat and hides and talons out of them. And we’ll have enough hide to outfit an entire regiment! Which 4th Company will naturally acquire. We’re the ones doing all the hard work. Let 1st wait it out. As soon as those Wyverns land and start napping, we’ll head in and take them all.”
A muted cheer rose from the command. It would be a scandal, but Edellein could always claim he’d seen an opportunity. The Drake smiled as his underlings rushed to fulfill his orders. Why not ride a Wyvern? It was done—you just needed the right classes to tame it. And that would be a sight for sore eyes!
In a good humor, the Drake waited for the Wyverns to land. He wasn’t worried for the fight. 4th Army could bring down the Wyverns even in a fair fight. If anything, he only felt sorry for the people of Pallass. Beef would be in shorter supply after sacrificing so many cattle, but then, they’d be dining on Wyvern steaks tomorrow! All he had to do was wait.
But—
Overhead, the Wyvern Lord was very tempted by the food. He could hear the younger Wyverns shrieking their hunger, wanting to dive and snatch their prey. But only one thing halted the Wyvern Lord from attacking.
Magic. The Wyvern Lord stared down at the forest. And then at the distant fortress of stone. It was like a small mountain in its own way. And he sensed magic coming from the forest and the city.
There was something in the forest. The Wyvern Lord had no idea what, but his mind sensed a trap. And he didn’t like the Walled City. It had so much magic. In fact, the aura it was giving off reminded him vaguely of…
The Dragon. The Wyvern Lord hissed. He didn’t like it at all. No wonder few monsters strayed near Pallass. The ones that could sense magic surely sensed the same intimidating aura from the Walled City. But he—he was not afraid of Dragons!
Enraged, the Wyvern Lord turned. Enough of the fat things! He wanted a nest first, then food. And that stone mountain had it, he was sure. He changed directions, shrieking to keep his reluctant weyr in line. The Wyvern Lord aimed straight at Pallass. This time—this time he’d win!
On the ground, 4th Army went into a panic as the Wyverns flew away from the cattle. General Edellein swore a blue streak.
“General! The Wyverns are turning! What are our orders?”
For a moment the [General] debated hitting the Wyverns, but 4th Army would take losses fighting that many unprepared. And Pallass had defenses. He shook his head.
“Dead gods damn it. Tell the city the Wyverns are headed their way right now.”
He sighed. No glorious captured Wyverns for him to ride. Oh well. Pallass would have its beef. And some Wyvern meat. If the city left anything large enough to eat. He sighed as the Wyverns headed straight for Pallass. He estimated they had about thirty minutes before they came in range of the walls. Nothing to worry about, though. Pallass had been built to resist Dragon attacks. What could a bunch of Wyverns do?
 
—-
 
