7.02
Page 28
Erin’s jaw dropped as the cluster of [Guards] stared at Saliss. The female Drake with the baton hesitated. Erin waited for her to smack Saliss upside his grinning face, but to her astonishment, the [Guard] nodded. Without a word, she turned around and the [Guards] walked away.
“What? What?”
Erin stared at Saliss. He shrugged.
“Well, I can’t let them beat you into a pulp now, can I?”
“But they—you—who are you?”
The [Alchemist] smiled.
“Just a naked Drake in a cell practicing alchemy. Who are you, Erin Solstice? A random Human who’s reached Level 40 before she’s turned thirty? You know, that’s beyond a genius. The King of Destruction pulled off that feat, and he was called a prodigy and a threat to end the world. Who are you?”
Erin had no answer to that. But the blue glow in her cell made her look down.
The flame burned in Erin’s hands, neither hot nor cold, but burning with memory. Guilt and sadness. Erin heard a sound and realized a prisoner eight cells down was staring at her flame. Tears ran from the Gnoll’s eyes and he whirled away. Even the [Guards] had to look back once.
It was a beautiful, terrible fire. Erin waited for it to touch Saliss, but the [Alchemist] just blinked at the blue flame. Thoughtfully, he paused with the beaker in one hand. He looked at the blue flame, and then at Erin.
“Interesting. You’re no ordinary [Innkeeper], are you, Miss Erin? Even for your level, I’ve never seen that Skill. Nor heard of it.”
He gestured to Erin’s hands.
“It’s a beautiful flame. Sorrowful. And I can’t say I know the Skill. But—may I see it?”
He wasn’t crying. But his laughing expression and the humor in his tone had evaporated. He was just thoughtful, now. Serious. Erin looked at him.
“How? I can’t throw it to you. Can I?”
She’d done it once, but she doubted Saliss could catch the cold fire. The Drake grinned.
“No problem. Hold on one moment.”
He put down the beaker on his work station, then trotted over to the cell door. He pushed at the cell door—and it swung open. Erin gaped. Saliss stepped out into the prison and walked over to her cell.
“Alright, hand it over. Actually, maybe I should get a bit of wood. One second.”
He walked back into his cell. Erin gaped at him as he casually swung the door closed after him. She half-shouted as he came back.
“You could walk out the entire time?”
Saliss looked surprised. He waved a claw at his cell as he came back with a length of wood.
“Oh no. I’m still under arrest for general indecency.”
“But the door—”
Saliss rolled his eyes.
“Well, I have to stay in my cell most of the time because it’s the law. I’m under arrest, still. But because it’s me, I get my cell door unlocked and some equipment in my cell so I can work. The open door is nice—I can use the Watch’s bathroom and get snacks. And if there’s an emergency, I don’t need to break the door.”
“Break the—”
Erin bit her tongue. She looked at Saliss.
“Who are you? Really?”
His eyes glinted and he smiled. The naked Drake struck a pose.
“Just the most talented [Alchemist] you’ve ever met! And too valuable for the Assembly of Crafts to exile me. Now, your blue flame. May I see it?”
He held out one hand and the length of wood. Erin hesitated, but then she gingerly offered him her cupped palms through the cell door. Saliss peered at the fire.
“Ooh, that is cold. Fascinating. I wonder, is it one thing or is it just…fire? It’s clearly burning off some magical fuel. Your mana? Some facet of your Skill? If I put the torch in here, will it migrate entirely to the torch or just partially?”
Erin blinked at Saliss. The Drake nodded to her.
