7.02
Page 33
“Why am I not surprised to see you with the very Human I’m here to find?”
Saliss pursed his lips.
“Well, she was put in the cell opposite mine.”
“Ah.”
Chaldion looked at Erin. She blinked at him. She knew him too! Erin glanced past him at the Gnoll and Drake couple.
“Rufelt! Lasica! What are you doing here?”
They glared at her. Erin smiled weakly. Lasica, the Drake [Chef], pursed her lips and spoke in an acerbic tone.
“Erin, when I recommended you to Pallass Hunting, it was to keep you from causing trouble in Pallass.”
“I uh—I didn’t mean to cause a problem.”
Rufelt sighed. He looked more amused than his wife; his eyes were twinkling as he looked at Saliss and then the prison.
“And so you got thrown in jail, yes? The 9th floor is still in an uproar. Lucky for you, we’re here to bail you out.”
He winked. Lasica elbowed her husband, glaring.
“And Strategist Chaldion has been exceptionally kind enough to review your case on his time off.”
She half-bowed to the Drake and Chaldion grinned, showing yellowed, but still-sharp teeth. Erin blinked at him.
“He was? I mean—thank you! I wasn’t—it was his idea to let me out. He has keys! And he’s naked!”
She pointed at Saliss. No one had commented on the Drake’s nudity. Indeed, all three adults just gave Saliss a resigned look. Both Rufelt and Chaldion kept their gazes strictly focused upwards. Lasica’s look was the most pointed. She glared at Saliss, and then at Erin.
“It’s quite an imposition, and you should be grateful that Chaldion decided to release you early. Or he was going to.”
“Oh. Thank you! I mean—it was an accident! But I’m extremely sorry—”
Erin gulped. She’d completely forgot about her sentence while she’d been dancing with Saliss. But Chaldion smiled. His tail moved back and forth lazily as he gestured at her.
“I heard a rumor a strange Human female had been causing trouble. I thought it sounded familiar, so I made an inquiry. I’m partial to gambling, so I owe myself a few drinks at Tails and Scales.”
“Which we’d be delighted to treat you to, sir. Our Human friend has been exceptionally disruptive, and we can’t apologize enough.”
Lasica glared again at Erin. The young woman shuffled her feet.
“I didn’t mean—I am sorry.”
“I’m aware. Although, I must ask. Do you remember me, Miss Solstice?”
Erin blinked at Chaldion. He was short, having shrunken with age. She nodded.
“I remember. At my inn. You used that crazy Skill to win. Hey…are you some big shot?”
Lasica and Rufelt both sighed. Chaldion only laughed.
“That’s relative. But I do have the authority to release you. Which I will do. On the condition that we play another game. None of the brats—I mean, whelps Pallass churns out can play a game with me.”
“Really? Just for a game of chess? I mean—thank you!”
Erin saw Lasica’s warning look. Chaldion chuckled to himself and nodded.
“You’re already out of your cell and cuffs. Now, as for you, Saliss…”
He eyed the naked Drake. Saliss folded his arms.
“I was just helping Miss Solstice find her inner [Dancer]. By all means, arrest me! Put me in the stocks—”
“Saliss.”
Lasica growled at him. The Drake sighed and unfolded his arms. Chaldion gave him a one-eyed look.
“Sir Saliss Oliwing.”
His tone was cold. Erin felt her own back straighten as Chaldion stared at Saliss. There was a familiar tingle in the air. Lasica and Rufelt winced, and Erin felt the distinctive feel of an aura being used. She pushed away the oppressive feeling. But then—it wasn’t aimed at her.
