7.02
Page 18
“It wasn’t my fault! There I was, minding my own business, when suddenly I was arrested!”
“Were you wearing clothes at the time?”
The Drake paused. He scratched at the scales along his cheek.
“I was. But before I knew it, they were gone.”
“How does that even—you took them off!”
“No! Maybe! I have a habit of taking them off whenever. My clothes, I mean.”
“Whenever what?”
The Drake shrugged. He’d clearly dropped his pillow again. Erin’s arm was getting tired, but she kept the hand in place. The Drake put one foot on his cot again, casually speaking to her. It was a pose Erin wouldn’t have minded on anyone but him.
“Just whenever. Clothes go on, I take them off. It’s a habit. Anyways, I got arrested, thrown in here. I’d like to say that it’s rare, but I end up here at least once a week, or so it seems.”
“No, really?”
“Really. But it was an accident, I swear!”
“That’s not—”
Erin bit her tongue. An accident. She saw Kel’s face and glared at the Drake. She wasn’t getting anywhere with her first line of questions, so she tried another tack.
“Why do you take your clothes off? Are you just…a [Stripper]?”
“Nah. I mean, I’m sure it pays well, but that’s not me. It’s just a habit from work.”
“What work? Nude dancing?”
The Drake frowned absently at Erin.
“Again, no. I’ve tried it, but it’s a young person’s game and I never get tips—I’m an [Alchemist], actually.”
“What?”
Erin’s hand faltered. She saw—the hand went back up. It turned out the Drakes were like Humans in many ways. They had scales, but they weren’t Lizardfolk. Erin had talked with Selys and Krshia about it, actually. But she hadn’t realized—she glared at the Drake.
“An [Alchemist]? You’re lying.”
The Drake looked hurt.
“Absolutely not! I’m a 100% [Alchemist]. And before you ask—yes, normally we wear heavier clothing. I knew a fellow who wore armor when mixing his potions.”
“And you do it naked?”
Erin skeptically eyed the Drake. But now she was looking more closely—she thought she did see some colorful stains on his scales. Xif, the Gnoll [Alchemist] from Pallass had possessed the same stains. And there was a faint odor of chemical coming from the Drake. He shrugged at her.
“Look, think of it this way. Clothing is expensive. It also tends to get stained and messy when you’re mixing up reagents. Or catch fire, evaporate, retain poison—it’s really more hassle than it’s worth, haven’t you found?”
“Um. No. Not at all. And if I spilled a potion on me, I’d probably want clothing on me. Or my skin would do all those things.”
The Drake nodded wisely.
“True, true. Ah, well, perhaps it’s also my Skills. I have a number of them that help me resist effects on my scales, so if I drop something nasty on myself, it usually only affects said clothing. Which is why I’ve gotten in the habit of undressing when I perform alchemy.”
That…actually made sense. In a stupid sort of way. Erin had seen Relc demonstrating his [Iron Scales] Skill and she knew it was possible. She sighed.
“So why do you strip in public? An accident?”
“Well…”
“Oh come on! There are kids out there!”
“Hey! It’s comfortable being naked. Have you not walked around in the nude? Do you remember what it felt like?”
Erin’s cheeks turned red. She snapped back at him.
“I’m not answering that!”
He made a scoffing sound.
“Pssh. Please. Everyone’s been naked. And it’s natural. Anyways, that’s not my only reason. Being naked is actually an act of expression. A protest against society and the shackles of Drake culture. It’s my way of railing against the system.”
