7.02
Page 32
He winked. Erin laughed. Then she tried to do a moonwalk. She failed. She couldn’t dance. And she hated that Saliss was actually better nude dancing than she was. By a lot. But Erin knew some moves.
They ended up doing the Cha Cha Slide past a row of cells. Erin was laughing so hard she was crying. The [Guards] were shaking their heads. And the prisoners were rioting.
“Argh! Turn the other way! Turn the other way!”
“Stop waving it around you damn [Alchemist]! Get lost!”
“You can leave the Human. Take your clothes off!”
What a strange world. Erin didn’t quite believe it was happening. But somehow, she found herself laughing, laughing at the strangeness of it all as the [Alchemist] did the hustle while rolling his arms past a cell. He dodged a cup and did a Travolta, pointing out at the sky as he posed.
“See? You’re smiling! I knew I could do it! Show me some more! Come on! Dance! Can we get some music in here?”
He laughed at Erin. And she was giggling too hard to reply. Saliss backed up, doing a grapevine—and someone blew a shrill whistle.
“Silence!”
The piercing whistle made even Saliss and Erin pause. A squad of [Guards] marched down the prison on either side, forcing the prisoners back. They ignored Saliss and Erin, although a few glared at the Drake in a familiar way. He waved, and Erin saw a quartet of figures making their way towards her. The inmates went quiet as the patrol swept through the prison. Saliss sighed.
“Ah. I think we’re in trouble.”
“You think?”
Erin stared at him. But the Drake didn’t look worried. He put his hands behind his head as the Gnoll [Warden] stomped towards him.
“Sir Saliss. Please refrain from throwing my prison into chaos at your whim.”
The Gnoll [Warden] snarled at him. The Drake sighed.
“I make no promises. And I was just dancing. But if you insist, [Warden].”
“Asset to the city or not, I could triple your sentence!”
The Gnoll snapped at him. Saliss raised his claws innocently.
“If it has to be that way, I suppose I could stay a while longer.”
The Gnoll stared at Saliss, dismayed, and then glared at Erin.
“And letting a prisoner out of their cell? Those keys are for emergencies only! This is a flagrant disregard for—Strategist, I apologize. Our prisoner is normally well-behaved. This hasn’t happened in over a month—”
She was bowing and addressing a much shorter Drake. Erin saw grey scales, an eye patch—her eyes widened as Chaldion, the aged [Strategist] lifted a claw. The Drake eyed Erin, and then looked at Saliss. He sighed.
“Saliss.”
“Chaldion! And Rufelt and Lasica! What brings you here? Am I under arrest? Lock me away! I could live here a week! Make it a month!”
The Gnoll [Warden] paled under her fur as Saliss winked at the old Drake. She turned hurriedly to Chaldion as Erin spotted the Gnoll and Drake beyond Chaldion. Rufelt grinned at her—Lasica was covering her eyes. Erin weakly waved.
“Strategist Chaldion! I cannot apologize enough—”
“Enough.”
The Drake spoke softly, but the [Warden] shot to attention. Chaldion eyed Saliss again and shook his head.
“I am well aware of Adventurer Saliss’ antics. Given the circumstances, I don’t find any issue here. Except with Saliss himself. Let us pretend this incident never occurred, Warden Grasfur. I will take it from here.”
“Sir!”
Relieved, the Warden saluted and retreated. She shot Saliss a glare and the Drake waved at her. Chaldion sighed.
“Saliss—”
“It was just dancing, Chaldion. But if you insist, I suppose the Assembly can punish me. Kick me out of the city! Go on, I deserve it.”
The Drake spread his arms. Chaldion sighed.
