7.02
Page 20
Saliss turned as the other prisoners came to their cells and shouted at him and Erin. He dropped the pillow—Erin recoiled along with the others. But Saliss spread his arms and his legs and angled his body to face the other prisoners.
“Mock me if you will! But don’t pretend I’m anything but honest! Natural! All of you are just prudes! Constrained by clothing! Grow up! Everyone has something!”
Most of the inmates turned away, shouting insults at the Drake [Alchemist]. The male ones were mortally offended and Erin heard more than a few very pithy swear words. Saliss shouted back.
“Hey! There is a young woman over here! Can it! Don’t make me come over there!”
He was…incredibly insane. Erin had never met a Drake like him. She nearly laughed at him and the indignity in his voice as he berated the other prisoners. They eventually shut up as a [Guard] stomped their way, bellowing for silence.
After a few minutes, Erin looked at Saliss again. He had the pillow back in place. She realized his cell was different from hers. He had a desk along one wall—no—it wasn’t a desk. Erin peered at it, but he was in the way. There was a lot in his cell, actually. He had shelves, what looked like an actual toilet built into a modesty wall, a nice bed twice as large as hers…
“Hey! Why is your cell so nice?”
Saliss shrugged.
“I’ve been locked up in here so often I got my own cell. It’s still a bit of a pain, but hey, it comes with the territory.”
“You could just wear clothes.”
“Hah!”
The [Alchemist] laughed. Erin’s lips twitched, but she glared at him instead. Erin sighed.
“…How do you know Rufelt and Lasica? And Xif? Don’t think you’re friends with me just because you know them! I owe Xif a punch!”
“Ah, yes. Persuaded you to sell the flowers, did he? He’s pushy when he finds something new. But I’m friends with him. We’re both [Alchemists] after all. And Rufelt and Lasica are friends. Although I have to wear clothes when I drink at their bar.”
Saliss nodded wisely. Erin eyed him. That was odd. She knew Tails and Scales, the bar the joint [Chef] and [Bartender] wife and husband ran was exclusive. You couldn’t just walk in unless the two had approved you.
“…So you get arrested often? But you’re friends with Rufelt and Lasica?”
“Yup. And I’ve heard about you. Erin Solstice, owner of The Wanderer’s Inn, now connected to Pallass via a magical door.”
“The Wandering Inn. That’s right.”
The [Alchemist] blinked. Then he slapped one knee, dropping his pillow.
“Hah! Wandering inn? Good one! That’s clever!”
Erin stared at him. He was the first person to ever laugh at her inn’s name. And because it was him, she now regretted it. As Saliss bent to pick up the pillow, Erin averted her eyes and looked up. His nudity wasn’t that offensive anymore. It was rather like a bad smell. After a while…you just forgot it was there. Well, until she looked again.
“So, why are you here?”
 
Saliss leaned against the bars, looking at Erin. She sighed.
“It’s complicated, alright? I used a Skill. Accidentally.”
“Really? I don’t know many [Innkeepers] in Pallass. Well, sometimes I stay at the Noble’s Fancy. That’s a lovely inn, by the way. The owner’s over Level 30. I know another inn near First Landing that’s run by a Level 50 plus [Innkeeper]. Now that’s a nice place. Have you heard of it?”
“No.”
“Really? Ah, well, I suppose not all [Innkeepers] know each other. I know some keep in touch, though. And I imagine a Level 40 [Magical Innkeeper] like yourself would have a different background. Interesting class, by the way. Are you a [Mage]?”
