7.02
Page 12
This was one of two groups of apprentices Grimalkin had divided up. The other group was partaking of Grimalkin’s traditional course. They ran, sparred, and exercised without the weights. This class was using the newfangled ‘weights’ that Grimalkin had been so taken by. In fact, the weights set he’d ordered from Pallass’ forges had arrived two weeks ago and Grimalkin had put his students through the wringer testing them out to their fullest.
“Magus Grimalkin? I’m finished.”
More students were handing Grimalkin their essays. He read them quickly before sending them to the weights. Three students he failed and gave them ten minutes to correct their errors.
Ferkr was one of them. Grimalkin flicked the parchment back at her.
“Incorrect! I want a thesis, Ferkr, not a history lesson. Give me a point! I’ve taught you the fundamental shape of forming an argument. Rewrite the essay. Twenty minutes!”
“Yes, Magus.”
The other students looked at Ferkr sympathetically as she slumped at her desk. She was the only Gnoll Grimalkin had ever taught as a potential [Mage]. The huge Drake hovered over Ferkr.
“What is your thesis?”
“That—that Valmira’s magic was powerful for its time, Magus?”
“Unacceptable!”
Grimalkin’s bellow made Ferkr clap one paw over her ear. The Magus moderated his tone.
“Ah. I forget Gnoll’s have such good hearing. My apologies. What I meant to say was—unacceptable! That is a bland, empty thesis, Ferkr! Give me something that won’t make me regret reading your essay! What about Valmira can you personally share that I don’t already know?”
“I—I—Valmira’s magic was powerful for its time, Magus, but it was fundamentally flawed? Which is why she perished in her magical duel with Archmage Nekhret?”
Grimalkin paused.
“Go on.”
Ferkr hesitated. The female Gnoll felt her way forwards carefully.
“She—had tremendous spell-theory, but her magic is fundamentally unshaped. Hence your notes about [Valmira’s Comets] being mana-efficient, but ineffective in how the spell itself is shaped?”
“Not my notes. It’s echoed in any number of analytical texts. Nevertheless, Valmira was so gifted at magical manipulation that the spell is still in use in any number of spellbooks. Good! Here—cite me from Archmage Redovil’s Analysis of Spells in Warfare, a Retrospective, and make me an argument. Twenty minutes!”
Grimalkin strode off. Ferkr sighed, but she got to work. And in twenty minutes, she came back and Grimalkin passed her.
“Good. To your station, Ferkr. Squats. No—deadlifts.”
The Gnoll nodded. She felt better after nearly an hour of writing, although her head hurt instead. She paused as she went over to the weights bar.
“Um. Which lift is this, Magus?”
“Ah. Back muscle. Bend—lift the bar from the front.”
“Right.”
Ferkr bent and tried the back-intensive lift. After a second, Grimalkin stormed over.
“No! Your hips are too low, Ferkr! Keep that back straight! Proper form is essential. You’ll damage your back. Not like that. Like this.”
He demonstrated. Ferkr, blushing, nodded.
“Apologies, Magus.”
Grimalkin shook his head briskly as he maneuvered Ferkr, making sure she was lifting right.
“Not your fault. I’ve been testing you all in too many positions. But there is a proper way to do these lifts. I can see I need some illustrations to go along with these sets. We have healing potions—but what a waste! Besides, healing potions undo all the work we’re trying to do. The low-grade ones, at least.”
He frowned as Ferkr did a proper lift this time.
