7.02
Page 26
“Don’t be worried. Actually, the worst that could happen is that this vial overpressurizes and explodes. But you can’t make anything go ‘boom’ with this mixture. Not really. Everyone thinks that’s so common among [Alchemists] when it’s really just accidentally poisoning yourself with gas. Real explosions don’t happen that often.”
He paused.
“Well, they do in my shop. But I’m specialized.”
“None of this is reassuring me. And why do you get a workbench—no, why do you get anything in prison? Isn’t the point that you don’t get anything?”
The [Innkeeper] glared across at Saliss. He laughed lightly.
“But then how would I make a tonic for all the poor old people? Some [Senators] buy my tonic, Miss Solstice. Well, that damn Xif has cornered the market on most of the soothing tonics, but this one he hasn’t copied! Nearly done. See? Want a taste?”
The liquid from the vial had migrated over to the flask. Erin watched as he swirled the grey liquid from the vial into the flask. The result was…well, it was a beige-grey liquid. Not appetizing, but she had to admit it didn’t look the worst. More creamy, really. She still backed away as Saliss poured it into a bottle and offered it to her.
“No thank you.”
“Oh come on. It’ll make you feel better. It’s not poison. I’m an [Alchemist]. A professional! I’m part of the Alchemist’s Guild I’ll have you know!”
“You’re butt-naked.”
“And? At least I don’t get fur in my potions. Fine, suit yourself.”
Saliss sniffed. He took a sip from his tonic.
“Ooh, that’s hot. Good thing I didn’t offer it to you. You’d have scorched your tongue.”
It didn’t seem to bother him. The Drake happily bottled the tonic and put it on a rack to cool. Erin saw numerous bottles and ingredients on his shelves. Saliss sighed.
“What next? Another tonic? Or maybe something for hair loss? I could sell a few dozen bottles, maybe. Gnolls buy it up like mad. Say, do you know if Liscor’s got a market for strength potions?”
“What? You mean, strength as in…”
“Muscles. You drink, you lift heavy things. [Woodcutters] and such buy them, but they can’t afford a lot. I’m thinking more of adventurers. Any Gold-ranks in Liscor?”
“We have the Wings of Pallass, the Flamewardens…there are some Gold-ranks there.”
“I guess I could make a few draughts, then. Oh well. Busy work is busy work. So that’s your day, is it?”
Saliss casually found another beaker. Erin stared at him. Who was he? She was convinced he was not your normal prisoner. But she still couldn’t remember where she’d heard his name.
“Yeah. That’s how I got here. By causing trouble.”
She sighed. Saliss nodded agreeably. He was a good listener, which was surprising, but he’d heard Erin’s story out, even when she’d had to explain about Toren. Actually, he’d taken her story about a magical skeleton at face-value. Even someone from this world would have had to ask questions, but Saliss?
Erin eyed him. The Drake was nodding to himself. He turned his head as he dropped a very green root in a mortar and began smashing it up with a pestle.
“I get it. You’ve been making mistakes. But you know something, Erin? No one’s perfect.”
“I know that. And I don’t need a pep talk!”
Erin scowled at him. Saliss chuckled.
“Good. Because I wasn’t going to give you one. I was just going to say—the thing with your skeleton—”
“Toren. His name was Toren.”
“Toren. That’s different from what happened just now with Pelt. I mean, the thing with the skeleton was awful.”
Erin hung her head.
“Yeah.”
“It had a soul. A heart. And you killed it. All those people are dead because of you.”
“Yeah.”
