7.02
Page 4
“So that’s the Human whose door you had to guard this entire time, Kel?”
“Yup.”
“Is she always like that?”
Kel paused. He looked the Senior Guardswoman in the eye.
“That? That was the most pleasant encounter with her I’ve ever had in my life.”
He held the look for a second. Then he went back to his work.
 
—-
 
Pallass prison was not a small place. Again, to compare it to a city like Liscor was to fundamentally change some aspects of, well, everything. Liscor was not Pallass. And Pallass, as a Walled City had a far larger criminal problem. And indeed, a different method of dealing with them.
The Walled City’s prisons ran along the 3rd Floor. And they were built into the wall. Not the actual wall, but adjacent, creating a pocket along the floor hidden by enchanted stone. Out of sight and out of mind for most residents. Well, not out of mind; property value didn’t seem to be that great around here, Erin saw. People didn’t want to live next to a prison, even one as well-guarded as Pallass’.
Indeed, the streets might not have been as nice as say, around Tails and Scales, but they were definitely clean and well-patrolled. The Watch was heavily entrenched in this area and for good reason. The prison kept Pallass’ worst elements locked up and the Watch was prepared to house even [Mages] and powerful threats. And apparently, Erin had just been given one of the worst cells in the entire prison.
“Peel my scales and call me a fleshbag. That’s a nasty punishment. Desk Sergeant Kel must hate your guts, Human.”
The female Drake was gloating as she led Erin towards the large prison doors. Erin stared up apprehensively at the prison. The Dullahan was more sympathetic. He looked down at Erin as one of his arms held her shoulder. Separate from his body; the rest of him was walking a few feet to Erin’s right. His detached arm had hold of Erin. It was very creepy.
“It seems harsh.”
The Drake snorted.
“It’s only for a few hours. She’s not gonna die. Anyways, she gave us all this trouble. Why not throw her in with a few criminals for a few minutes?”
She grinned nastily at Erin. The Drake woman paused as they approached the gates.
“If it was up to me, and if you hadn’t given us trouble, maybe I’d have let you off in one of our nicer cells. But you asked for it. You think you can waltz on in from Liscor and do whatever you want? This is Pallass.”
“Yeah, you keep saying that. But it was an accident. Hey, come on. I don’t need punishment. Right? How bad is this…cell?”
The two [Guards] looked at each other. The Dullahan shook his head. The Drake laughed.
“You’ll live. Hey! One for lockup!”
They passed through a double set of gates much like the plans Lyonette had drawn up for Erin’s inn. [Guards] could hold this position against intruders—and, Erin saw—attackers from within. They had to unlock the gates from their post to let the two [Guards] take Erin in. A Gnoll [Warden] called out.
“Which sector?”
“Punishment cell.”
The Gnoll did a double-take as she let the [Guards] and Erin through into the main prison. She stared at Erin.
“Really? What’d she do?”
“Tell you later.”
The Drake marched Erin into the prison. Now, they were closer to Liscor’s prison. Lines of cells, some with narrow steel bars, were the first thing Erin saw. She shuddered, but Pallass’ prison was far from dirty. In fact, it was uncannily clean and well-lit. Magical [Light] spells provided illumination and there wasn’t any smell of sewers or the bugs and stains that sprang to mind when Erin imagined a prison.
But it was far from nice. The [Warden] tossed the female Drake a ring of keys.
