7.02
Page 31
The prison was full of shouting. [Prisoners] were hurling things at Saliss, shouting for him to put his clothes on and get back into his cell. They clearly knew him and hated his guts. And so did the [Guards]. Erin saw a group watching Saliss, but they didn’t stop him. Some were rolling their eyes, others looking away.
“Put some clothes on you freak!”
“No one wants to look at you!”
“Speak for yourself. There’s just not much to see!”
That came from a female Gnoll. Saliss ignored the shouts. He swung his tail back and forth as he sidled back over to Erin. He turned.
“Well?”
“Well what?”
Erin looked at Saliss, her lips twitching. She couldn’t believe what he was doing! He was mad, completely! And yet—Saliss raised his brows.
“Can’t you dance? Come on, show me what you’ve got.”
He tapped his feet against the ground, did a little spin. And Erin saw him swing his arms and travel back down the prison to more shouting. And he was dancing.
She was no [Dancer]. Erin could sing and she had the class, but even that wasn’t in her purview generally. She was a chess player. She didn’t…dance. Nor had her social life in dancing situations ever ended up with her in the center of the circle of attention.
She could dance, or at least, show Goblins how to do the Gangnam Style dance. But honestly, everyone had tried that one. But what Erin realized now was that dancing was another world and she was an amateur figuring out the board.
She’d seen Lyonette teaching Pawn classic ballroom dances from her world that reminded Erin of dancing from an era with kings and castles, but casual dancing between the people of this world was something Erin had seen only once. When she’d sung from atop her inn, for instance.
They moved. Erin was no [Choreographer] who could speak to the evolution of dancing, but if she was, she might have observed that as the years had drawn on, dancing in her homeland of America for instance had ceased to move about as much.
It wasn’t fair to say it was less technical; indeed, modern dancing had a lot of complex movements that involved every part of the body, but it had grown directional, and in many cases, static, dances you could perform in a confined arena, or, helpfully, captured by a single camera lens. But dancing in this world had never been constrained by the need to put it on video.
It was free, and it travelled. Erin saw Saliss travel halfway across the prison hallway, his feet kicking high, laughing as he danced to an imaginary beat. If Erin could have compared it to anything, it would be swing dancing, or the free, expressive, limbs-akimbo dances from the beginning of the last century.
And somehow, the Drake’s insanity was catchy. Erin felt something rising in her chest as she watched him coming back her way. He paused in front of her chest, expectantly.
“Well? Hey, show me what you’ve got.”
He produced a ring of keys and unlocked Erin’s cell. Her jaw dropped. Saliss winked at her. Then he held out a claw.
“Tell me you can dance. Everyone can dance. Come on. What’s stopping you?”
He winked at Erin. And she couldn’t help it. The ridiculousness of it, the sight of the Drake dancing in the prison amid all the shouting prisoners, it flipped a switch in Erin’s chest. It was so familiar. It was—something she’d do.
And then it happened. Erin started giggling. And then—like magic, she started laughing. But it was no spell, or even a Skill. Saliss needed none of that. He grinned as Erin left her cell.
“Okay. Fine. You’re insane.”
“Takes one to know one.”
