7.02
Page 25
“I didn’t think it would hurt anyone. Or cause so much trouble, you know?”
“Famous last words. You know, most [Alchemists] have one. They’re generally not very good. ‘I didn’t think it would blow up if I mixed them together’. That’s a common one. Or just—‘Oops’.”
Erin glared at Saliss from her cell.
“I’m being serious.”
He half-turned and raised a single brow, Drakes not being naturally endowed with eyebrows.
“So am I. So your Skill was fire-based, hmm? And it made old Pelt cry?”
“Yeah.”
Erin sagged onto her cot-bed. She felt tired. And sad.
“I just—I think it helped. But it hurt him. And I didn’t want him to be hurt. I didn’t think about the knife.”
“Or your pet skeleton. Which could apparently think.”
“That’s right.”
“So—just to be clear, you’re upset about accidentally ignoring your pet skeleton gaining a mind, and accidentally traumatizing an old Dwarf [Blacksmith] with your magical emotional fire that you can conjure into being with the power of memory?”
Erin Solstice paused. She glared at Saliss’ nude backside, which was preferable to his front.
“I’m not lying!”
“Oh, I believe you. I’m just trying to put it all in perspective.”
“It’s not as silly you make it out to be.”
“I’m not saying it was silly. Did I say it was hilarious?”
“It’s in your tone of voice! Are you even listening to me?”
Saliss looked over his shoulder.
“Absolutely.”
“But you’re making potions!”
The Drake shrugged.
“I like to multitask. Go on. Did you get arrested after that? I assume so—the Watch wouldn’t just let you get away with that.”
“Yeah.”
Erin slumped against her bed. The [Alchemist] half-turned. The vial was bubbling in one claw, but he stopped it neatly with a cork. He put it in a little holder on his workbench and picked up a flask.
“Well, it sounds like you had a rough day, Miss Solstice. And I wish I’d been there to see it! But that’s the problem with the Watch. They’re overzealous. They got me this morning. And there I was! Just minding my own business.”
“What if children saw you naked?”
Erin scowled at Saliss. The Drake eyed her.
“Well, why is that a bad thing?”
“Because you’re naked! They’re kids!”
“And everyone gets naked. Do we have to have this argument again?”
Erin threw up her hands. Saliss nodded.
“Glad you agree. Now, where did I put…? Better mix this up before my vial explodes. One second!”
He picked up a glass jar and flitted to his shelf of ingredients. He was so quick! Erin could barely follow him as he pulled out powders or flasks of liquid and began combining them at rapid speed. They all went into the glass beaker, and Saliss mixed it all up before pouring it into a round container over a small burner.
He had any number of wonky containers, all glass, which did things like leave a thin layer between two liquids, or funnel both down towards a bottom…now Saliss lit a fire under the rounded beaker, and inserted a tube into the vial.
Erin watched the vial begin to bubble up. Since there was nowhere for the liquid to go, she saw it shoot up through the tube into the beaker which was bubbling. The two mixed and Erin backed up.
“What are you doing?”
“Just a little reaction. Want to see?”
Saliss picked up the connected vial and flask and waved it at her. Erin recoiled.
“No! Isn’t that dangerous?”
“Only if I drop it. Oops!”
Saliss dropped both containers. Erin jumped backwards. The Drake caught both containers a foot from the ground.
“Hah! Got you!”
“Don’t do that—if you—I’m going to kill you!”
Erin’s heart was beating way too fast. Saliss rolled his eyes, amused.
