7.02
Page 7
Some things were universal. A bar of steel, lead weights on each end. Rounded, naturally, and balanced on either side. Heavy lead weights. It had to be at least three hundred pounds of weight including the bar, and the Gnoll pumping the weight was unused to the exercise.
Her arms strained as she tried to do a bench press. For a second it looked like her arms might give out as she halted halfway, but a roaring voice shouted a few feet above her.
“Lift! Don’t you dare let that bar sink, Ferkr! Lift! Two more times! Push your limits!”
The struggling female Gnoll growled and the bar moved up. Slowly. So slowly. Grimalkin stood over her, bellowing encouragement.
“Don’t let it slide! Balance! That’s right! Up! Up!”
The arms moved—from the force of Grimalkin’s bellowing as much as sheer willpower. The bar rose—and it was up! But there was no place to lock the bar. The Gnoll panted.
“Master Grimalkin—”
“Two more times! That’s right! Down! Slowly—”
The Gnoll gasped as the bar lowered. She was fighting to keep it steady. Because—another thing yet missing from weight training—there was no locking nut on this bar. If Ferkr’s arms let the bar go left or right, the weights would just slide off.
Oh, and there was no spotter. As the bar lowered to her chest, Ferkr groaned. Grimalkin was still shouting.
“Inhale! And exhale as you push! That’s right! Up! One last time! Push!”
“I can’t—”
“No one will help you on the battlefield or when a spell fails! There is only you! Push! Now—”
One last rep. Ferkr growled, then she howled as the bar lowered—and then rose. It wobbled as it came up and Ferkr’s arms lost their strength. The bar twisted—the weights began to slide and Ferkr’s eyes went wide.
“Good!”
Grimalkin grabbed the bar. Without apparent effort, he lifted the bar up and caught the weights with one claw. He lowered the bar in a perfect squat, and then rose as Ferkr lay on the bench, panting.
“Look at that! Testicles!”
He bellowed and every head in the room swiveled. Grimalkin pointed down at Ferkr.
“Five times! Five lifts at three hundred pounds! Ferkr could barely do one, but she forced herself to do five! She pushed her limits with sheer willpower!”
He punched one fist into his hand. Grimalkin strode past Ferkr as she struggled to sit up. He was a giant compared to her. Not in height, but mass. Grimalkin was almost pure muscle, from head to toe. He was similar to Erin’s notion of a bodybuilder from her world; his arms were twice as large as a normal Drake’s. Three times?
He was also, coincidentally, a [Mage]. The Drake, or rather, [Sinew Magus], pointed at Ferkr and she winced. Grimalkin’s voice was near-bellow inside as he addressed the other occupants of the gym.
“Willpower! That’s all it is. You can force yourself to do what your body protests! If a Selphid can Rampage and unlock a body’s potential, we can do the same! Ferkr, up! To your desk!”
He pointed and the female Gnoll swung herself up with a groan. But she didn’t have time to rest; she slumped her way into a chair and desk. Then she stared at a roll of parchment in front of her. And a quill. And inkpot.
“You have thirty minutes. Begin!”
Grimalkin grabbed a sand timer and turned it over. Ferkr wanted to lie her head down on the desk, but she forced her paw to grab the quill and begin scribbling on the parchment. Her fur was matted with sweat and there was the odor of…workout in the room. Grimalkin paused and his head turned, looking for another victim.
“Terreskil! Stop lazing about and squat! You have fifteen more squats before you get back to your desk!”
