7.02
Page 35
“Erin Solstice. May I present Saliss Oliwing, the highest-leveled [Alchemist] in all of Pallass. Perhaps the world. He is also a Named Adventurer and Pallass’ only permanent resident Named-rank adventurer in the entire city. He is one of the most powerful Drakes on the continent, known as Saliss of Lights.”
Erin stared. Her jaw dropped. She saw Saliss waving at a pair of Drakes who hurried past him, avoiding his gaze.
“What?”
She looked at Lasica and Rufelt. The two nodded, resigned. Erin looked at Chaldion. Then at Saliss.
“What? Him?”
“Our Named Adventurer. He gets arrested every other week for nudity. And he’s completely above the law. The city needs him too badly.”
Lasica muttered, shaking his head. Chaldion just stared.
“Not my law. But the Assembly of Crafts has given him immunities. That hatchling dances about and does what he pleases, even in prison. Don’t let him fool you. He’s dangerous.”
“Not to you. To monsters. But he is a Named Adventurer. A powerful one, even by their standards.”
Rufelt clarified. He nodded at Saliss. Erin just gaped at Saliss. It couldn’t be. But—everything made sense. The Drake was laughing, doing a boogie-dance in the streets.
“But he’s so…random.”
“It’s an act. Mostly.”
Lasica’s lip curled. Her tail moved restlessly as she looked at Erin.
“He aggravates anyone he’s put in a cell across from. And he’ll tangle with even a gang in Pallass and cause a commotion at the drop of a hat. He’s a nuisance—but he’s also generous. He keeps Pallass safe, so he gets a lot of leeway. And he does help people in need quite often. Actually…I think he’s you. Pallass’ crazy Drake [Alchemist]. Which makes you Liscor’s copy.”
Erin’s jaw dropped. She spluttered.
“Hey! I’m nothing like him! I’m not a nudist! Hey! Take that back!”
Lasica refused to. She grinned as Erin turned red and pointed at Saliss’ back. Chaldion and Rufelt laughed as well.
“It’s true! I didn’t think of it that way, but Saliss is like a male Erin. He’s certainly done as much or more than she has.”
“I’m not him! Hey! Hey! Take it back! He’s crazy! I don’t dance about naked! He wouldn’t put on pants! I’m nothing like that!”
The old Drake grinned at her and his one good eye crinkled up as the young woman shouted, and then laughed along with the husband and wife. Erin was outraged, amused—and strangely, happy. As she protested outside of Pallass’ prison, and the Drake [Alchemist] laughed and spun in the sunlight, Erin Solstice remembered.
She could be happy too. And like a bubble bursting in her chest, Erin remembered them. Happier days. Something bright emerged, and blew away the rainclouds that had been hovering over her heart. She blinked. And then she remembered a day in the inn, sitting and watching Mrsha tease Pisces. Feeding the Redfang Goblins. Laughing.
“What the—”
Lasica recoiled away from Erin. The young woman jumped and looked down. A bright flame bloomed in her hands. Rufelt and Chaldion stared. The old [Strategist] blinked.
“Ah. So that is the Skill that caused so much trouble.”
“Erin!”
Lasica stared at the flame in Erin’s hands. The young woman blinked.
“I didn’t mean to! I’m sorry. I—”
Her breath caught. Erin stared down at the dancing, bright flame. It wasn’t sad. In fact, it was lively. Small, but burning bright. And not blue, but—
“Purple?”
There it was. A fiery, purple flame, turning to pink around the edges. Bright and shining, fading to pink out from the purple core. It was small, but it glowed. Erin stared at it. And she didn’t feel laughter. She just felt…a bit happy.
“Now, isn’t this a lovely color?”
