7.02
Page 36
Erin started. Saliss of Lights, the Named Adventurer of Pallass, rested an arm on Erin’s shoulder. He stared down at the flame, grinning.
“I knew it was tied to emotion. Well, well. Happiness is a royal purple for you. Not yellow? But is it my preconceptions or yours? Or just the color the flame takes at this particular moment, or with this set of emotions? And what does this flame do? Let’s find out!”
He touched a tiny length of wood to the flame. Erin jumped and felt a bloom of warmth as the flame leapt onto the torch. Saliss laughed.
“Yoink! Thank you, Miss Solstice! Ooh. What a pleasant warmth.”
“Hey! How did you—? Give that back!”
“Call it a fee for the help! I have to experiment with this! Tell Xif this one’s mine! And away I go!”
Saliss leapt backwards. Erin grabbed for him, but he raced off, charging down the street and laughing. The purple flame bloomed on the torch, small, weak, but radiant. A bit of happiness.
After about fifty feet Saliss’ towel came off. Erin heard shouts. An exclamation. A scream for the Watch. Chaldion stared after Saliss and shook his head. Lasica sighed.
“If he wasn’t a Named Adventurer, I think the Assembly of Crafts would have exiled him years ago, genius or not. But he is unrivaled in what he does. Still, someday…”
She shook her head. Rufelt nodded and Chaldion just pursed his lips. But Erin smiled. She looked after Saliss. He did remind her of…her. Of the act, certainly. But he’d been kind. And somehow—he’d managed to turn her mood upside down. She wondered what the real Saliss was like.
“I like him. He’s free.”
“Of clothing, certainly. Shall we leave him be? Hopefully he just holes himself in his workshop and doesn’t emerge for a week. And I could use a drink I was promised. And a game of chess with this young woman.”
Chaldion snorted. Lasica started and Rufelt, smiling, swept his paw up.
“Of course. To Tails and Scales!”
The group headed out. Erin looked sideways at Chaldion. They’d played only a few games, but she vividly remembered the one-eyed Drake flipping his eye patch up to use the magic embedded in his fake eye. She caught Chaldion looking at her too.
“Um, thanks. Really. I know I caused a fuss, but it was this thing with Pelt and—”
The Drake waved a claw.
“I’ve dealt with far worse. But I am sure you will not cause a fuss like that twice.”
He looked meaningfully at Erin. She shuffled her feet.
“Who me? Of course not! I’ve learned my lesson! I don’t want to go to prison.”
”Good! Because Pallass would be well in its rights to leave you there for at least a day, even for an accident.”
Lasica warned Erin severely. The young woman winced. Chaldion just smiled, though.
“True enough. But on the whole, I believe Miss Erin should thank Guardsman Kel. I understand he ordered her put in the cells near Saliss. Normally we consider that a kind of punishment since our Named Adventurer is quite adept at aggravating his cellmates.”
“Thank him? He told them to put me in jail!”
Erin started, remembering Kel’s order to the [Guards]. Chaldion nodded agreeably.
“Yes. With one of the few individuals in the city able to help you control that Skill of yours. Of course, Magus Grimalkin is another renowned expert, but you did commit a crime. There are consequences.”
He looked at Erin again. She flushed.
“Yeah. That’s true. But—huh.”
“You have to pay for your mistakes. In case Chaldion wasn’t clear, you don’t get another chance.”
Lasica poked Erin in the side. Rufelt put an arm on his wife’s shoulder.
“Now, Lasica. I’m sure Erin is sorry enough. Especially after dealing with Saliss for an entire hour.”
