7.02
Page 29
“The spirit of inquiry. [Alchemists] love playing with new things. And figuring out a new Skill is great! Alright, let’s try the bit of wood.”
He dipped the wood into the flame. Instantly, the fire stuck to the wood. Erin felt a chill and snatched her hands back.
“Ah! Cold!”
“Aha! We’re learning something already! Once it leaves your hands, the flame is no longer yours! Fascinating. This is cold! But if you look closely, it is feeding off the wood. So it needs a fire source! But is it feeding off ambient mana in the air as well?”
Saliss waved the blue torch around. Erin saw him pointing out the slowly burning wood. It was turning into ash, not an ember. She found herself blinking as he observed things she should have. Would have, if she hadn’t been so down.
“It’s cold, which I’m familiar with, but it’s giving off an emotional aura. Definitely not your average fire.”
“What will you do with it?”
The Drake shrugged.
“I could freeze something with it. I do need to chill some materials, but I can just cool off whatever I want another way. And this flame is depressing. Hey, do you know how to put it out?”
“No. It just went out when there was no more charcoal in Pelt’s forge.”
Saliss brightened up.
“Excellent! Then we can perform some tests! Let’s try water first. Then some other things!”
He rushed into his cell. Erin saw him rummaging about.
“Okay, for test number one. Smothering. If I toss it on the ground and stomp—whoops! There it goes!”
The Drake happily stomped on the torch as he tossed it on the cell floor. Erin saw him stomp twice with a bare, clawed foot and the flames die down. Saliss snatched the torch back up. Erin called out as he nodded, satisfied.
“Isn’t that cold?”
“Not to my Skill! I could bathe in acid! Actually, that’s great for cleaning the scales! Don’t try it if you’re not me. Now, let’s try water.”
Saliss hunted for some liquid and poured it onto the torch. Half of the fire went out with a familiar hiss. The Drake laughed.
“Well, that’s not dangerous at all! Although—look at that!”
He showed Erin the part of the torch he’d extinguished. Rather than being wet and smoking, the water had frozen where it had put out the flame. She blinked. That was different.
“I didn’t know my Skill worked like this.”
“Isn’t it fun?”
The Drake grinned as he waved the torch at Erin. But then he grew serious. The fire was retaking the wood, and the [Alchemist] held it out thoughtfully. Erin expected another laughing comment, but Saliss’ voice was just…calm. He stared into the blue grief of the fire and shook his head.
“If you just hold it, Erin, it’s fire. Sad fire. Cold fire. But worthless. Rather like casting a mass-emotion spell. Like, say, [Complete Grief]. I can see why you were arrested. Who wants someone waving that around?”
He nodded at the torch. Erin hung her head. It was true. She could show Pelt the depths of her honesty, but all she had done was bring him sadness. Saliss regarded Erin.
“But it can be more. And figuring out what it can be is my job. And yours. Look at this flame, Erin. What do you think it can be?”
Erin looked. She tried to think.
“…Making ice cream?”
“Hah!”
Saliss nearly dropped the torch as he laughed. He grinned at Erin and nodded.
“That’s thinking like an [Alchemist]! It can cool, which is valuable. And look—”
He gestured at the torch and the stick of wood.
“It burns so slowly. But it does burn, in its way. That can be useful. I know I’d prefer this on a summer’s day to explore a cave. Nice and cooling. Still depressing. But I wonder. Are there other flames you can make?”
He looked at Erin. She blinked.
