7.02
Page 23
“Dead gods. They’d tear apart a smaller city in an hour. Rhir’s hells, if you dropped a thousand Wyverns on an army of twenty thousand…”
“Twenty [Soldiers] to a Wyvern? If you don’t have a good [General] or elites—more like fifty if they’re full adults! If it’s a regular [Soldier] at Level 10, you need at least thirty properly armed…”
One of the [Lieutenants] argued, shifting her weight from claw to claw. The officers buzzed, talking numbers. An older Drake in front with faded green-and-yellow scales raised a claw and spoke shortly.
“That’s why we’re attacking by night, not trying to take them by day. Silence in the ranks.”
And there was. The [General] snorted as he eyed the Wyverns flying overhead.
“Hmpf. Come on and land already, you beasts.”
4th Army’s [General] was a Drake named Edellein Blackwing. A relation—a half-brother to the famed Thrissiam Blackwing. The deceased [General] of Pallass’ 2nd Army who’d fallen in battle against the Goblin Lord last year.
That had been a huge blow. In some ways, it was still recent news, although much had passed since that time. But in the echelons of Pallas’s military, the loss of 2nd Army was keenly felt.
With the death of General Thrissiam Blackwing, Pallass had lost one of their prized [Generals] and replacing him was no easy feat. Even so, the Walled City always kept one standing army and [General] stationed at the city. They never left, although they did rotate out officers and soldiers as needed.
But Thrissiam’s death had been a disaster. He’d lost an entire army to the Goblin Lord. More importantly, he had died in battle, disgracing the Blackwing name. He—and Osthia. Edellein clenched one claw, thinking about it. Thrissiam had managed to lose another promising member of their family!
It still burned at him. The elder [General] was far older than Thrissiam, and he had no wings or magical breath despite being born of the Blackwing family. He had risen to his position through decades of service. And right at this moment, he resented the change in his fortunes that had led him to this point, sitting in a forest and waiting for the Wyverns to attack so his army could clean them up.
4th Army had the job of laying the bait and waiting for the Wyverns to gorge themselves and sleep. Then, and only then would the 1st Army stroll in to help with the night attack. Edellein glowered, imagining that damn Dullahan swooping in and claiming credit for his army’s hard work.
“General Blackwing, the Wyverns don’t seem keen on taking the bait. Do they suspect a trap?”
One of Edellein’s officers whispered at him. The older Drake snorted.
“Wyverns don’t think, [Major]. These ones are clearly distracted by something. But we have our orders. Directly from Pallass.”
His lips twisted sourly. The Day Strategist had given 4th Army the order, another thing Edellein resented. He was a [General]. He commanded [Strategists]! But the ones on the wall could mobilize an entire army. Grudgingly, he had to admit it was a good plan. The weyr would lay waste to the lands Pallass controlled, so they had to be driven off. Still—he looked up.
“Big Wyverns. I’ve hunted them before, but this is a nest and a half. We’ll keep them from getting airborne. [Mages] in first. Put the rest to sleep, then web them up with enough spells and move in. Not a challenge. If they were in the air, we’d have a fight!”
