7.02
Page 21
Erin’s head shot up. She stared at Saliss. He winked at her.
“How did you…?”
“Oh, I can see a few things, Miss Solstice. Not any Skills, but I can see basic facts about you. So tell me, what did a Level 40 [Innkeeper] do to my poor city? Funny, Rufelt and Lasica were convinced you were Level 30. Don’t worry, I won’t tell them. I keep people’s level secret. But please, tell me how you got here! I could use a good story.”
He put both claws together. Erin didn’t even blink this time. She hesitated. There was something incredibly odd about Saliss, his demeanor aside. He was…refreshingly easy to talk to, compared to a lot of Drakes. Relc-like, but sillier. She hesitated, but there was nowhere to go.
“It was…I used a Skill on this Dwarf guy. The [Blacksmith].”
“Pelt? That old drunkard?”
Saliss’ brows shot up. Erin nodded.
“I made him cry. And I made a bunch of other people cry too, probably.”
“You. Made Pelt cry? And I was in here? Tell me everything!”
The [Alchemist] sounded delighted. But Erin felt her heart sinking in her chest.
“I don’t want to talk about it. It was my fault, really. What a crummy Skill.”
She lowered her head and turned away. Just like Toren. She didn’t think. Erin just wanted to sit and think, like she had at her camp. But Saliss was all-attention now. He jumped up and down.
“What’s that about a Skill? Come on, cellmate! Don’t leave me hanging!”
Erin hesitated. But Saliss was already hunting for something else to throw. She turned and glared at him.
“Fine. I’ll tell you. But turn the other way!”
“Aw. Fine. But you have to tell me. I guess I’ll do some work as I listen.”
The Drake sighed and turned around. Erin stared at his back. He went over to the workbench she’d spotted, absently pulled…a glass vial…off the table, and hunted along the shelves. He didn’t find what he was looking for, so he rummaged through a black bag on the table. A bag of holding. He came out with some grey powder, sprinkled it into the vial, and then stared at the shelves.
“Let’s see. Sage’s Grass water. Sage’s Grass…am I out of Sage’s Grass? Huh. I’d better buy more. Maybe I have some in the bag of holding? Let’s just see.”
He went back over to the black pouch and then glanced at Erin.
“Well? Come on, let’s hear the story! Or do you want me to throw things at you some more? Because I will. Tell you what, I’ll trade you a sip of my potion afterwards. I’m making a tonic. Very soothing. Makes you feel wonderful. Sells for a lot with old folk too. Come on, Erin! I can call you Erin, right?”
She stared at him. Then Erin stared around. She poked her head out of her bars and shouted down the prison.
“What’s going on here!?”
 
—-
 
The Wyverns flew towards the huge city in the distance. They had come a long way. Far, and for many hours. The High Passes were distant behind them. And now, as the thousand-some weyr flew, the creatures of the earth and sky fled their approach. They were a vast gathering, gigantic monsters led by the largest Wyvern of them all.
The Wyvern Lord was angry. It had been a bad day for him. Not only had the flight been long, but it was hot! Too hot for a Frost Wyvern who had lived in the reaches of the High Passes. He was far from home and lost. His home in the High Passes called to him.
Home was cold. Home had many places in the tall mountains for Wyverns to make their nests and hunt from. But there just wasn’t enough food at home. The High Passes had an ecosystem, and it could feed more monsters than anyone would expect. But there was so much competition. Go too high, and a Wyvern would die, even with all their strength.
