7.02
Page 34
The nude [Alchemist] paused, and his lighthearted look turned into reluctant seriousness. He stared past Chaldion’s head as the [Strategist] looked at him.
“Sir Saliss. Are you simply incapable of keeping yourself out of trouble?”
“Apparently not, [Strategist]. I apologize for the inconvenience to the Watch, and the city.”
Saliss spoke in a flat tone, not meeting Chaldion’s gaze. The old [Strategist] pursed his lips.
“Your rank gives you privilege. Do you have any respect for it?”
There was a glint in Saliss’ eye as he turned his head. he met Erin’s gaze for a moment.
“What good is rank if it’s not used, Strategist?”
Chaldion glared. Erin felt the pressure intensify—and then vanish. Chaldion waved a disgusted claw.
“I’ll consider this part of mitigating your sentence. And if it means restoring order here, it’s a small cost. You’re free to go. Clothed. Get out of my prison.”
“There’s always a catch.”
Saliss relaxed. Chaldion turned.
“You’re a disgrace to Pallass, you know.”
The [Alchemist] paused.
“Well, I’d say in that case it’s a wonder Pallass has to embrace me at all. It was lovely meeting you, Miss Solstice. Rufelt, Lasica, I’ll visit the bar sometime later. When the glorious high-strategist Chaldion’s gone. I need to find a towel.”
Erin didn’t quite see sparks bursting off Saliss and Chaldion as the two Drakes walked past each other. She held her breath—and then Saliss was gone, waving at a [Guard]. The air relaxed. Erin looked at Rufelt. He gave her a knowing nod saying…well, she got it.
Chaldion sighed. He looked at Erin and Lasica intervened. The [Chef] gave a polite smiled and grabbed at Erin’s arm.
“Thank you for your help, Chaldion. And you, Erin, will be coming with us. For a talk about rules in Pallass. Let’s all retire to the bar, shall we?”
She grabbed Erin’s arm with her claws. Erin yelped.
“Ow! Lasica! It was an accident! Ow, ow!”
Chaldion chuckled as the Drake hissed at Erin. He waved a claw as he turned.
“That will be all, Warden.”
He nodded as the quartet walked back towards the entrance of the prison. Erin stared as the prison [Guards] smartly opened both gates to let them out. They treated Chaldion like…she eyed the Drake hurrying out ahead of them with a towel wrapped around his waist. Rufelt and Lasica eyed Saliss from behind, but he did have a covering on.
“Lasica, who is he? I met that guy—Saliss in jail. They threw me in the punishment cell and he—he’s naked and he’s an [Alchemist] and—”
Lasica sighed. Her claws weren’t digging into Erin’s arm anymore. She nodded at Saliss as the Drake spread his arms, his towel perilously close to falling off him. Erin heard him shout.
“Freedom!”
“That would be our insane Drake. Saliss Oliwing. Everyone in Pallass knows him. I hope he didn’t bother you too much?”
“He didn’t—actually, he was really annoying. But it was also good. Sort of.”
Erin blinked. Somehow, she’d forgotten her funk. She’d laughed for the first time in ages. Lasica gave Erin a side-long glance.
“Well, well. You’re smiling. Maybe it was good the two of you met. He does have that effect on people.”
“I am?”
Erin felt at her face. She blinked.
“But who—”
Chaldion cleared his throat. As the group emerged into the sun, the [Strategist] pointed at Saliss’ back. The old Drake glared as Saliss spread his arms towards the sky.
