7.02
Page 39
“Activating the first layer of defensive spells! Mark!”
The Day Strategist unfurled a scroll and Rekhassha saw his eyes shine. He grinned, laughing as power coursed through him. And he pointed.
The Wyvern Lord, flying at Pallass’ walls in a rage, sensed the magic surging through the walls. In his vision, the walls lit up, and magical symbols traced themselves in the air. The Wyvern Lord pulled up his flight, alarmed. And he saw a miniature cataclysm blast through the air at his weyr.
Hundreds of fiery orbs appeared and shot like rain towards the distant Wyverns. They streaked through the air, faster than the few arrows being loosed by the longest-range [Archers]. They were tiny, but they exploded in huge blasts of flame.
The Wyverns screamed and dove, but the fireballs flew down, catching them and blasting their scales apart. One couldn’t kill a Wyvern, but it could punch a hole in a wing. And three? Five? Eight? The Wyvern Lord saw a Wyvern explode as twelve hit it from all sides.
Homing [Fireballs]. And—Rekhassha clapped her paws to her ears—lightning. A classic deterrent to everything that flew. Dozens of bolts flashed from Pallass’ walls each second, striking down any Wyvern in range.
Fireballs, lightning—the next wave was an assault of stones, conjured from the sky, but Rekhassha didn’t see them falling. The fireballs and lightning ceased and she saw the Wyverns were in full retreat. Nearly a hundred lay dead as the trebuchets kept thumping and the ballistae fired a last volley of shots.
“There! They’re running scared!”
Someone cheered and the [Soldiers] shouted as they saw the Wyverns flying back, as fast as they could come. Rekhassha saw the Day Strategist’s chest inflate to near-bursting. She glared at him, but she had to admit—the fallen corpses of the Wyverns filled her with pride as much as awe. She and the defenders on the wall saw the lesson that the Wyvern Lord had just learned.
This was Pallass. To get in range of the city, the Wyverns would have to fly through walls of spells and munitions. The Day Strategist hadn’t even activated the most powerful spells yet. And the [Soldiers] could unleash devastating hails of arrows, not just the high-level [Snipers] from afar.
The Drake [Strategist] swaggered back to the Watch Captain, drunk on the power of loosing all those spells. He waved a lazy claw at the weyr, now out of range of even the trebuchets.
“Just as I said, Watch Captain. Nothing to fear. I have the [Cage of Pallass] spell ready for use as well. If the Wyverns somehow make it to the walls, I will activate it. I imagine the Assembly won’t appreciate the mana cost, but the safety of Pallass comes first.”
“Of course.”
Rekhassha tried not to meet his smug gaze. She narrowed her eyes and found her spyglass. The Wyverns were regrouping around their leader. He hadn’t fallen. And he was facing Pallass.
“I imagine they’ll scatter. 4th Army will have to hunt them down as they land and rest, but we’ve reduced their numbers by a full tenth. At least. If they come back this way, we’ll settle the matter, but even Wyverns should flee after that lesson.”
The Drake was going on, but Rekhassha tuned him out. Her brown eyes narrowed and she pressed the spyglass closer to her face.
“Day Strategist. Day Strategist! The Wyverns are regrouping. And they’re doing something!”
The Drake broke off. He stared at Rekhassha suspiciously, and then fished out his own seeing glass. He frowned.
