7.02
Page 13
“It is fascinating. All this potential for improving one’s strength in a relatively safe environment still has inherent risk. I can easily see someone failing to develop the body correctly. Just as Miss Solstice said. I’ll write a manual—the entire body needs to be developed. Upper and lower body. And the core.”
He relished the word. Ferkr grunted. She was keeping her abdominal muscles tight, as Grimalkin had shown her. He’d preached about the strength of the abdomen, but all these new terms like ‘repetition’, ‘core’, and ‘deadlifts’ and so on were a product of his meeting with one Human.
“Good. You’re clearly not at your limit, but this is meant to train the muscle rather than push it. Let’s call it…fifteen sets.”
“Magus, should I use the locking mechanism? I feel like these weights are going to slip off.”
Ferkr pleaded. Grimalkin snorted.
“They might. Which is why I want proper form. I’ll include them in the other sets, but I want you to learn balance, Ferkr. You have a good foundation; Gnolls are physically adept naturally. But I want you to learn control.”
“Yes, Magus.”
Grimalkin nodded. Ferkr got back to work and Grimalkin supervised his class. After a second he heard a chime.
“Someone at the door? Giren.”
The Dullahan was on his break between workouts. He got up and smartly came back.
“An apprentice to see you, Magus. Smith Tirren?”
“Ah, yes. Show them in.”
Grimalkin turned as a Drake apprentice, his scales smudged with soot, humbly entered Grimalkin’s abode. He bowed—or tried to, but Grimalkin was too busy for formalities.
“Smith Tirren’s latest work is finished?”
“Yes, Magus. Here’s the set of weights you ordered. Smith Tirren wants to assure you he’s used the best steel, so the metal shouldn’t flex like it did before.”
The apprentice offered Grimalkin a bag of holding. The Drake began pulling out metal bars and weights. He nodded, grunting.
“Quality looks good. I may need enchanted bars to hold the weight personally, but the expense—for now, steel. And there’s clearly a weight limit. I’ll add that to my manual. And I’d like to make another order of Tirren’s smithy.”
“Of course, Magus! More sets of weight?”
The apprentice bowed hurriedly. Grimalkin was a good customer and the [Smiths] of Pallass wanted his gold. Grimalkin nodded absently.
“I have enough personal sets with my students and I think I’m ready to send the product out. I’ll need to compose a manual, but the weights themselves are fine. I’ll need bags of holding—I don’t think I have enough. But never mind that. Let’s see. I promised a set to that Human City Runner. Guardsman Relc…hm.”
He counted briskly as the apprentice waited, fishing out a bit of parchment to take Grimalkin’s order. The Magus mused to himself.
“Let’s send a dozen sets to Manus so they can test the equipment thoroughly. I’m sure they can replicate the design once they see the inherent value. A few to the other cities—hm. I’ll take sixty sets in total to be safe. Payment up front.”
“Sixty?”
The apprentice’s eyes bulged. Grimalkin eyed him.
“Assuming Master Tirrel can handle so many weight sets? I would like all of them in…three days. And twenty by tonight. I can ask another smith to split the difference if—”
“No, no! Master Tirrel will absolutely have the sets done.”
The apprentice fell over himself trying to assure Grimalkin. The Drake nodded.
“Have Master Tirrel contact the Merchant’s Guild regarding payment. I will draft a note to them—here. No doubt they’ll send someone to confirm, but the funds should be immediately released.”
