7.02
Page 37
“I just want to make sure she understands this isn’t Liscor! There are serious consequences and we can’t protect her!”
Erin kicked along the street, looking down at her feet. She muttered under her breath.
“But I’m the consequences.”
“Hm? What was that?”
Lasica glared at Erin. She avoided the Drake’s wrathful gaze. And she found herself glancing at Chaldion.
“Thanks. Again.”
“It was nothing. But I do mean it when I say I want to play a game of chess with you. I’ve been thinking over the last time we played.”
Erin nodded slowly.
“Yeah. I wouldn’t mind that. But—Lasica. I have to go back to my inn. I got sidetracked, but I know it’s open.”
“You owe Chaldion a game. And we owe him some drinks. It would be impolite to go now.”
The Drake had a warning note in her tone. Erin winced, but Chaldion stroked his chin thoughtfully.
“That inn? Very well. I wouldn’t mind drinking there. Assuming there is good alcohol on tap?”
He looked at Erin. Lasica exhaled loudly, but Rufelt grinned.
“Absolutely. Then we shall go with you. Erin has been gone from her inn.”
“You’re spoiling her.”
“I might as well practice!”
The Gnoll laughed again. He pointed to an elevator and Erin smiled, grateful. She inhaled, taking in the air. The stories were true. Everything felt different after prison. Or meeting one crazy nude Drake. She looked at Chaldion, about to ask who he was. She had a feeling—
Erin stopped dead in her tracks. She heard a warning bell, then a siren go off in her head. She saw Chaldion stop too, and his head whip around. Rufelt and Lasica were walking, talking with their heads together about alcohol and the drinks Lasica would be getting. Both stopped.
“Now what is it?”
“I—”
Erin saw Chaldion look at her sharply. And then she heard a roar. A boom shook the air from atop the walls. Erin Solstice looked up. For a second she only saw dust, a cloud of…mist? No. Frost.
And then she saw it. A huge shape, landing high, high on the battlements of the Walled City. Far away, but massive. First one. Then hundreds. Erin Solstice looked up and stared at the Wyverns as they flew over Pallass, casting a shadow over the Walled City of Invention.
“No way.”
 
—-
 
Watch Captain Rekhassha and the Day Strategist already knew the Wyverns were headed their way. They hadn’t taken their eyes off the weyr in the last two hours.
“They’re as large as any adults I’ve seen. Larger.”
All of the hair on Rekhassha’s body was standing up. The ploy with the cattle decoy had failed. For some reason, the Wyverns were headed straight for Pallass. Why?
“Nothing to fear.”
The Day Strategist was standing as tall as he could, although he was still shorter than the female Gnoll. He glared around, projecting his voice as the [Soldiers] and [Guards] on the wall stared at the Wyverns. He was trying to exude confidence, but Rekhassha had gotten the message from 4th Army as fast as he had, and she’d seen him swearing a blue streak.
“Would now be a good time to inform Strategist Chaldion? Or call up a core of the 1st Army?”
Rekhassha stared at the Day Strategist. He glared back.
“We don’t need to cause an alarm! The Wyverns will not reach Pallass’ walls, Watch Captain.”
He sounded sure of himself, but Rekhassha didn’t like the way the Wyverns were flying. They were coming at Pallass.
“I believe we should call an alert. Put everyone indoors—”
“That is not necessary! I’m in charge here! The Assembly of Crafts will have my tail and yours if we cause a false alarm!”
The Day Strategist snapped back. Rekhassha was aware their argument was in plain view of the soldiers. She growled.
