7.03
Page 38
And there it was again. It wasn’t the outcome of the battle. It was how it played. Spectacle. And the unexpected. Across the world, people were watching for different reasons. Niers, to assess, to catch a view of that Human again.
“Who is that Drake? Did Pallass’ army have a [Spearmaster] that talented?”
Dragonspeaker Luciva was watching Relc as he attacked. She eyed the Drake as he delivered a swift attack to the Wyvern Lord’s side and leapt away. It kept trying to hit him, but Relc was dodging like mad, distracting it. She glanced across the table at Lulv.
“I—don’t believe so. I can’t place a [Spearmaster] within the 1st Army. Unless he’s transferred in. He’s adept at fighting. He’s buying time for the lower-leveled forces to fall back.”
Spearmaster Lulv frowned. He eyed Relc as the Drake tried to punch the Wyvern in the side. Relc shook out his fist, clearly swearing, and ducked the Wyvern’s tail.
“That was an idiotic move. But he’s quick. General Milka, who is that?”
The [General] shook her head.
“1st Army has no [Spearmaster], Lulv. And the Watch doesn’t either.”
“Not Pallass’. I think—that must be the Gecko of Liscor!”
One of the others exclaimed. Dragonspeaker Luciva looked around.
“But how—”
“The magical door. Liscor’s reinforced Pallass. Both the Flamewardens and the Wings of Pallass are listed in Liscor.”
Rafaema stared at the image. She narrowed her eyes at the Greater Wyvern. Spearmaster Lulv shook his head.
“Pallass needs aid from Liscor? This is a disgrace.”
“Not ‘needs’. Ancestors, he’s talented. I remember the Gecko of Liscor. He’s part of Liscor’s army. Officer-slayer. What’s he doing in the Watch?”
“Someone pull his file. Look—”
Relc was falling back. Dragonspeaker Luciva saw General Duln advancing with soldiers and Grimalkin.
“They’re having trouble felling the Greater Wyvern. And the weyr is attacking again. How strong is it?”
“Greater Wyverns are said to be as powerful as younger Dragons.”
“Hmf. Perhaps.”
Rafaema’s voice was cold. Spearmaster Lulv fell silent. Dragonspeaker Luciva frowned. Noass and Sir Relz were looking around at the other Wyverns. They were fighting and more unfamiliar faces were appearing.
“What is that? A [Strategist]?”
A blue-scaled Drake was leading a group of [Soldiers] and [Guards], independent of the 1st Army. As Dragonspeaker Luciva watched, they held a street close to the two Drakes, forcing a group of injured Wyverns attacking them to scatter.
“Not bad! Mark that young Drake!”
The war council was a lot more spirited than it had been. The worry they’d had was over. The weyr might be attacking, but they were going to be defeated. To Manus, the concern wasn’t over casualties. [Soldiers] might die and it would be a disaster if a name like Grimalkin or Duln was lost, let alone Chaldion, but the others would level from this battle. Now, Manus’ elite was doing what they loved to do—headhunt for talent.
They weren’t the only ones. As Sir Relz and Noass pointed out the city, more figures were fighting. The Halfseekers were industriously webbing Wyverns and kicking them off the wall, to land on the street a floor down. Names. The kind of names that made people remember the Halfseekers, or the Wings of Pallass. That could be the beginning of an opportunity. It could make a career. A legend.
 
—-
 
“The Wyverns are falling back! Look! More are falling!”
