7.03
Page 44
But for now, let us celebrate. That was what the cheers said. Let us shout. We are alive. Erin Solstice turned her head as she heard a pair of familiar voices.
“We are seeing the people of Pallass in the streets! I’m going to try and interview some of the heroes we saw fighting off the Greater Wyvern! I’m—excuse me! This is Noass! We have an important broadcast—excuse me!”
A pair of Drakes fought past Erin, shoving as one held up a hand-mirror encrusted with jewels, like a camera. Erin stared at them and then opened her mouth.
“Nah.”
She let them go. This wasn’t her moment. Noass and Sir Relz were shouting. And Pallass was triumphant. Across the world, people sighed with relief—or regret.
Tyrion Veltras began to turn away, disinterested in the proceedings. Magnolia Reinhart sipped her tea at last, her throat having gone dry in the interim. Flos shrugged and began talking to Trey and Teres and Gazi about his favorite moments. The Blighted King nodded to Nereshal, leaning back in his throne. Niers kicked a raw egg over to Foliana.
The Grand Queen waved at Xrn with one huge feeler.
“Enough. We have gathered sufficient data.”
“Yes, my Queen.”
But Xrn kept the image open a moment longer. She saw the two obnoxious Drakes trying to speak to Grimalkin. They were trying not to let Saliss dance into frame. Xrn almost laughed as the Grand Queen glanced down at her in annoyance. Then she heard Noass speaking.
“We saw that mystery [Archer]. Who was he? Some new [Longbow Sniper] in Pallass’ army? Those were incredible shots! We placed them from the 8th floor! But even at that altitude, who could fire that far? Who—”
Erin Solstice was looking about for Relc, or Olesm. She vaguely heard Noass shouting something. And then—
The background roar of the crowd’s cheering faded. Erin almost didn’t notice since it had been so overwhelming. Her ears were ringing, and she saw Olesm.
“Olesm! Hey Olesm—that was—”
The Drake looked at her, and then, only then, Erin realized her voice was alone. Alone, in a city of millions. Everyone else had gone silent. And everyone, from Grimalkin to Noass to Rufelt and Lasica—everyone—was looking up.
Spectacle. Drama. It was indeed for different reasons that people watched the attack on Pallass. Because they valued different things. And perhaps—perhaps you thought the Wyverns were the thing. Or the fact that a Walled City was attacked. Perhaps, before this moment, people would have agreed it was the Skills and talents displayed that mattered.
But now, in this moment, everything changed. And you realized it wasn’t about the Wyverns. It wasn’t about the attack. It was about that most innocuous of things. A wandering, solitary member of a species. An accident. Coincidence. Or fate. No, coincidence. But look at how the world shook.
There he stood. He’d found a Wyvern on the staircase. And being him, he’d had to climb it. Erin had no idea how he’d gotten this far. Perhaps people hadn’t noticed him with the Wyverns swooping about. But there he was.
Bird. He was standing on the Wyvern, happily trying to munch on part of a charred wing. For just one second, Erin nearly laughed at the silly [Bird Hunter]. Bird! He’d come through to fight the Wyverns. Didn’t he realize how dangerous it was?
She nearly called out. But then Erin realized how still everyone was. She looked around and saw the color was gone from Lasica’s face. From Rufelt’s too. But—they knew Bird. Erin had told them about it. They’d seen Antinium.
But in her inn. And from afar. And this was—Erin faltered. She looked up. This was Pallass. A Walled City. And there he stood.
