7.03
Page 24
“Hey handsome. I heard the alarm. Sorry we were late. There are Wyverns all over! I can’t stay, but we’ll get everyone to safety. Come on.”
She grabbed him. Maughin stared at Jelaqua, his lover. He reached out.
“You came at the right time.”
The Selphid smiled at him behind a Raskghar’s face. She blew him a kiss. Maughin realized her combat body was male, much to his discomfort.
“I couldn’t let you die, could I? Sorry about the body, but I don’t want to wreck the good ones.”
The Halfseekers formed up behind Jelaqua. Seborn snapped at Jelaqua’s back.
“We fought our way three floors up here for your date, Jelaqua. Now’s not the time to relax!”
Moore shook his head, scanning the 9th Floor.
“Jelaqua, we’re needed.”
“I know. Maughin, get to cover.”
“One moment!”
The [Armorer] ran for his forge. Jelaqua cursed.
“Maughin, I really love you, but now’s not the time to—”
“Here! I finished it this morning!”
The smith hunted around his anvil. Then he tossed something at Jelaqua. She stared at the flail, twice as large as her old one. She whistled.
“Oh wow. Just what I need!”
Maughin nodded. He watched as Jelaqua tossed her old flail to one side. She spun the huge ball of iron, larger than her head with ease. Her huge body could easily swing the flail, and the force behind it—he nodded.
“Made for the Raskghar form. Go. We’ll get to safety.”
“Hah. So that’s the Selphid? Peh. She smells like a dog. Get out of here. Emessa! Grab my bag of holding! We’re not sticking around to get eaten by Wyverns!”
Pelt jogged past Maughin on his shorter legs. His apprentice ran after him. Jelaqua smiled at Maughin. Then she looked up.
“Get clear, Maughin. Halfseekers, on me! We’re clearing the 9th and the staircase! Ulinde, stay behind—no, stay in front of Moore! Your body’s expendable. Let’s go!”
The Halfseekers charged across the 9th floor. Noass was pointing.
“It looks like more Gold-rank teams are entering the fray! They’ve downed a Wyvern—of course, the Halfseekers are a veteran team! Sir Relz! Sir Relz?”
“Noass, I’m seeing more explosions from below. Someone’s—it looks like someone’s breaking through the lower floors! Look! The staircase!”
He pointed. Someone was racing up the steps. And Wyverns were falling, some literally exploding in midair, others crashing down, wings entangled, or covered in a burning mixture. Sir Relz gasped.
“It’s Saliss of Lights! Pallass’ Named Adventurer!”
Here he came. Jelaqua’s eyes widened as the Halfseekers faced down another Wyvern. She brought the flail’s head down crushing the Wyvern’s clawed foot. A glass jar sailed past her face and into the Wyvern’s head. The Wyvern screamed as acid burned its face. Something raced past Jelaqua.
Saliss. Noass was shouting as the [Alchemist] charged up the walls.
“That is Saliss Oliwing, Pallass’ resident Named Adventurer! Saliss of Lights! He’s cleared a path up the stairs all by himself! And he’s going onto the walls!”
The Named Adventurer was climbing higher. Wyverns swooped down on him, screaming. But the [Alchemist] was a blur. He stopped and threw potions. Jelaqua saw one, eight, sixteen—
They detonated in midair. Burning webs, flashes of lightning, alchemical explosions ate up the Wyverns diving at Saliss. Ulinde gaped.
“How did he—”
“That is Saliss of Lights, everyone! The Named Adventurer rumored to have the highest attacking power in the world! He’s a pure [Alchemist]—”
