7.03
Page 34
It was true, Tails and Scales was not Erin’s inn. They didn’t have her emergency supplies, or a handy Hobgoblin or Bird. But it was a bar. Erin stared at the drinks, ready to be mixed. At Lasica’s hotplate. Erin stared and then pointed.
“Hey, Rufelt, which of those are flammable?”
 
—-
 
“Ladies and Gentledrakes! I think I’m seeing the Wyverns being driven back!”
From his reporting position, Noass and Sir Relz had regained some of their usual aplomb. The two Drakes were grinning, pointing down into the city as they slowly panned the magical viewpoint across Pallass. Noass was pointing out flying shapes—a lot less of them than there had been twenty minutes ago.
“The Wyvern attack is being blunted! There’s fighting on the walls, but Grand Strategist Chaldion has led a successful counter attack and Pallass’ wall spells are activating! Indeed, a number of high-rank individuals have taken to the field and pushed the Wyverns back!”
“Of course, Noass. This is Pallass. After the—the initial attack, as one might expect, things looked hopeless. But the presence of Magus Grimalkin, Saliss of Lights, and notable Gold-rank teams such as the Halfseekers and the Wings of Pallass have reversed the battle along with the Watch and army. I think we just saw the Wings flying after a Wyvern down there.”
Sir Relz was adjusting his monocle, nodding. The two Drakes were doing a lot of that. Noass pointed above.
“We’re not on the top of the walls for fear of being caught up in the battle, but we can see a furious engagement taking place that seems to be going all the way of Pallass! I’m seeing more fliers taking back the air as the wall spells down Wyverns—Pallass’ magical defenses, no doubt being employed by Chaldion himself! Not only that, we can see some of the fighting on the eastern wall! Look!”
The vision turned and revealed a far, far distant series of lights, flashing and exploding. It looked like fireworks, but instead of crackling sparks, the viewers saw clouds of shining particles, crackling thunder—and conventional explosions. Sir Relz shook his head in awe.
“Saliss of Lights appears to be single—yes, single-handedly holding down the Wyverns on the eastern wall, to use a Human expression. That’s why they call him Saliss ‘of Lights’, by the way. The [Alchemist] is famous for his ability to prepare hundreds, perhaps as many as a thousand alchemical weapons. And he is using them all up in the defense of his home city!”
“One wonders if Pallass’ Assembly will recompense him for it. Surely so—and—yes! More Wyverns are fleeing! They’ve been decimated below and they’re on the run, see?”
Noass pointed excitedly. Wyverns were indeed flying up, escaping the fighting. Many had wounds, and the weyr had been reduced by at least half.
“It looks like the 1st Army has seized nearly seven floors. And the Wyverns are even being repelled by civilians at some point. Dead gods! Look at that Gnoll, loosing arrows from atop her apartment!”
The image focused on a single Gnoll with a shortbow, taking potshots at a Wyvern. Noass was nodding.
“Exceptionally brave. And very much in the Pallassian spirit! Get out of our city!”
He pumped a fist up and down. At this point, one of the viewers of the magical broadcast had to roll his eyes.
“You wouldn’t imagine he was in a panic ten minutes ago.”
Niers remarked to Foliana. The two were watching the broadcast. Niers had been watching the fighting. To the [Grandmaster Strategist], it had been a fairly neat retaking of the walls. Too slow for his liking, but Chaldion had executed the counterattack well.
