7.03
Page 1
“You have fought Griffins, my lord?”
“Of course. Can you ride Wyverns?”
“Yes. And they are larger than Griffins. Scaled. These look like variants of the species. Stronger.”
Flos Reimarch grew more interested by the second.
“[Griffin Riders] were always a dangerous force. Do the Drakes have [Wyvern Riders]?”
“Fissival. Orthenon would know more.”
“Yes. Fascinating. I’d love to be there. And this is the way of it. Whenever something happens now, it must be…”
Flos waved a hand at the scrying orb, and his tone suggested distaste as much as mild interest. He glanced at Gazi. Then at the orb.
“And we watch. I am beginning to understand more of what Trey and Teres tell me about entertainment in their world.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
“And one more thing.”
Flos Reimarch looked into the scrying orb. And his eyes stared past the scene of Pallass in chaos. He ignored the frantic Drake’s voice as Noass shouted at Lyonette, and the view swung to The Wandering Inn. One of Gazi’s eyes locked into the image, and Relc’s and Klbkch’s faces. But Flos Reimarch stared into the orb itself. At the magical glass.
“How convenient of Wistram to broadcast this image the world over. Do you see me, Archmage Feor?”
He leaned over the orb. And across the world, a [Diviner] monitoring the spell felt her heart skip a beat as the King of Reim looked straight at her. She backed up and the other [Mages] staring back through the magical connection froze. Flos Reimarch’s voice was pleasant.
“Give me back Amerys. Show her to me, Archmage. I am losing my patience. And I will break your academy to find her.”
That was all he said. Then the King of Destruction sat back and his gaze focused on the image in the scrying orb. He looked at Gazi.
“Even so, fascinating.”
Flos clapped his hands and the door opened.
“Your majesty?”
He turned to the [Servant].
“Go to the treasury, and find a larger scrying orb. I’m sure we looted one from Germina or Hellios. Fetch me Trey and Teres as well. And Mars—send her a [Message] to find a scrying orb.”
The [Servant] bowed. Flos sighed as he sat back. He nodded to Gazi.
“This would be an opportune time to try that ‘popcorn’ Trey kept telling me about, wouldn’t it?”
She smiled. The King of Destruction clapped his hands again. Then he began watching. Such was the luxury of a spectator, and perhaps, the arrogance of [Kings]. But it was true that the world over, people were watching.
And why not? It was one thing to hear of battles won, and great events. Another to see them as they happened. This world was caught by a phenomenon Trey and Teres were well aware of. Flos had yet to put a name to it, but he already saw it, even if he could not yet grasp what it might become. That strange thing.
Spectacle.
 
—-
 
They watched the world over. Niers Astoragon paused in a lunch with Foliana. He looked up.
“Wyverns hit Pallass? Impossible. They have a Tier 7, city-wide defensive spell. And the spell is powered by their walls. Even a regular [Mage] capable of hitting them with Tier 7 spells wouldn’t be able to break through.”
“Mm. Wyverns can’t do it usually. Pass the butter.”
Foliana agreed. Niers ignored her; the butter saucer moved past him as Foliana picked it up.
“They must have been caught off-guard. Typical. That’s how they get you. Millions of gold pieces of enchantments and thousands of [Soldiers] and some idiot forgets to activate a spell. Even so—those must be Frost Wyverns. See the snow?”
The [Grandmaster Strategist] was already thinking out loud.
