7.03
Page 40
Everyone except for a group of Antinium who had gone suddenly and unexpectedly silent. Pawn looked at Belgrade. Belgrade looked at Yellow Splatters. The [Sergeant] stared at…
No one. Yellow Splatter’s head slowly swiveled the room. He stood up, craning his neck. But he didn’t see the Antinium he was looking for.
“He’s…probably on the roof. I’ll go check.”
Pawn muttered. He stood up slowly. Pawn pushed towards the stairs. And he saw Klbkch looking around slowly. Just…looking. After all, they didn’t know. It was just a coincidence. A brilliant [Archer]. Yes. But they’d all had the same thought. And they looked for an Antinium, a Worker that was missing.
There was no way. Even he wouldn’t…surely not. Klbkch met Pawn’s eyes. The [Priest] ran up the stairs, towards the unfinished second floor. He flung open a door, shouted hopefully.
“Bird?”
Pawn saw an empty watchtower. And of course, of course, Bird wasn’t there.
 
—-
 
“La, la, lala, la. I am Bird and big birds are in Pallass’ sky. They must surely die. Why? Because they’re birds. And I am Bird.”
An Antinium Worker walked down Pallass’ streets. A [Hunter]. A [Bird Hunter] to be precise. He stared up at the Wyverns circling overhead. And he raised his bow.
Fwik. Thwik! The sound his arrows made as he loosed, one after another was soft. But whenever Bird shot, a Wyvern jerked or shrieked. His arrow sped through the air.
“[Homing Shot], [Long-Range Shot]. I have a thought. And birds are good to eat, because they’re made of meat. I think.”
Bird sang as he loosed arrows. He was bringing down Wyverns. So many and so fast that even Noass and Sir Relz were searching for him. Each arrow hit a Wyvern. Going through joints in the wings, hitting them in the eyes, opened mouths—
It was easy. For Bird. He saw where the Wyverns were going. He was a [Bird Hunter], after all. He paused as a Wyvern dove at him.
“Ooh, big bird.”
The first arrow missed the Wyvern’s eyes. Bird adjusted his aim, hit the eye on the second try. The Wyvern landed with a shriek. It reared up to breath, screaming fury.
“[Piercing Shot].”
Bird drew back—the arrow loosed. It shot through the Wyvern’s open mouth and the Wyvern jerked. The arrow struck the monster’s brain, piercing the Wyvern’s innards. It toppled over on its back.
“Ooh.”
Bird admired the still shape. Another Wyvern landed, screaming for its mate. Bird paused.
“No [Piercing Shot]. Okay.”
He reached for something. The Wyvern dove at him. Bird hopped sideways and tossed the acid jar into the Wyvern’s face. He rubbed at the acid as it splashed on his arm.
“Acid jar, acid in the face. Ruins all the taste. What a waste. No. Bad song.”
The [Singer] and [Hunter] walked past the writhing Wyvern. He aimed at its eye, loosed a few arrows, wandered on. That was all he did. He loosed arrows, three arms plucking arrows from his quiver and loosing, faster than any mortal [Archer].
That was all. Bird didn’t do any backflips, or slide down anything. He shot, stopping each time he loosed. Step, shoot, step, shoot. His arrows hit their targets, curving to strike what Bird wanted.
It was easy. And Bird was happy. Possibly happier than he’d ever been in his life.
“I was born for this moment. Probably.”
He sang as he went on. He wanted to find the biggest bird of all. Now that would be a good addition to his fortress of fluff. Although these big birds didn’t have feathers. Bird would think about it later. He sang as he walked on, down the streets of Pallass.
 
—-
 
