7.03
Page 36
Erin shook her fist as the Wyvern screeched outside the inn. She could hear [Soldiers] attacking it and Erin saw the Wyvern retreating through one of the windows. The others were watching anxiously. Felkhr grinned at Erin. She hadn’t been sure if the impromptu molotovs would work, but when she’d seen the Wyvern trying to attack that family, Erin had done it anyways.
“That was impressive. And you have a powerful arm, Miss Solstice!”
“Nah, nah. It’s just a Skill. And I’ve had plenty of practice. Hey! Rufelt! Got any more molotovs? Just in case?”
“This is a waste of good alcohol!”
The [Bartender] Gnoll complained, but he was already mixing flammable cooking oil with the spirits and a soaked cloth into a bottle. Erin seized it. Just in case.
“Better that than nothing! And it doesn’t really hurt the Wyverns, just makes them mad. I think the only way to hurt them is to throw it in their mouths. Or eyes.”
Erin nodded outside. The Wyvern had gone silent. She unbarred the door and saw a bleeding corpse.
“Ew.”
Lady Salkis, the highborn Drake, turned pale. The [Bodyguard] next to her—an injured Drake named Viss, snapped at Erin.
“Will you stop that? You’re exposing Lady Salkis and the others to danger!”
“What if someone needs help? Your buddy’s willing to help!”
Erin retorted. She was keeping the door mostly closed; wary of frost breath from above. She nodded at Felkhr. The other Drake [Bodyguard] blushed.
“It’s fine. Viss. I’m quite fine. We should all do our part to help.”
Lady Salkis was staring at the dead Wyvern corpse from across the bar. She half-rose.
“If someone is in need, you help too, Viss.”
“Yes, Lady Salkis.”
He sighed and stood up. Erin nodded, peering out the door.
“We’ll all help. Careful with the bottle. Just light and throw.”
Felkhr offered one of the molotovs to Viss. The Drake nodded.
“Give me one. I’m feeling better now.”
Lasica rose from her chair. Rufelt instantly stopped making a molotov.
“Absolutely not. You sit, Lasica. You inhaled too much dust—I’m not having you in danger.”
“It’s my city, Rufelt! If I can’t throw those—what did you call them, Erin?”
“Molotovs.”
“Yes, those! At least give me one to drink! I can’t stand this.”
“No. You’ll have water or something without alcohol. Remember what the [Healer] said? Sit, Lasica.”
Rufelt pressed Lasica down. His wife hissed at Rufelt.
“Stop babying me!”
Erin’s head swung back to Rufelt and Lasica with a frown as she checked outside the door. Something was definitely off about Rufelt. She stared at the way Rufelt was arguing with Lasica quietly. And then she stared at the drink Lasica wasn’t allowed to have. Erin peered at the molotov in her hands and then her eyes widened. She turned to the Drake.
“Oh my god. Lasica. Are you—?”
“It looks like the Wyverns are in full retreat! I see them above Pallass’ walls, but the ones in the city have fled! And the 1st Army is advancing towards the walls at full speed!”
Everyone in the bar jumped. Erin whirled. Someone was shouting. A Dullahan boy fled a mirror along the back wall.
“What happened? I am so sorry—what is this?”
The Dullahan’s mother was scolding her son. His head nearly fell off his shoulders as he turned. Rufelt blinked.
“That’s—I bought a scrying mirror after the last few attacks. Is someone broadcasting the battle?”
“Yes!”
Erin recognized Noass and Sir Relz. They were showing Pallass from above. The 9th Floor. She saw the city from above. Wyverns were flying up. Noass was crowing.
