7.03
Page 30
Erin grabbed at Rufelt and Lasica. The married couple ran after her as Erin charged out of the building they’d been hiding in. She was no hero. And she hadn’t gone out fighting when the Wyverns attacked and Chaldion sounded the alarm. The only thing Erin had done was grab Rufelt and Lasica and push them into the nearest building they could find.
Someone’s home. Erin had busted through the window and cut herself twice on the glass going through before opening the door. She’d healed the cuts and Rufelt and Lasica had sat inside with her. They wanted to go to their bar. Erin had told them to sit right there.
That was the sensible thing to do. Erin was no warrior. All she had on her was a pair of healing potions and Pelt’s knife. She had a realistic expectation of what that would do against a Wyvern capable of eating her with one bite.
So she’d stayed in the apartment and shouted at everyone she saw to get inside, opening the door twice as people rushed by. Most were indoors; the citizens of Pallass were smart enough to do that. And everything had been fine, really. Erin hadn’t known how the battle had been going, but she’d heard Chaldion’s voice again, warning fliers to get out of the skies.
And what she’d seen from the windows had looked good. Bad would have been Wyverns flying about, looking for prey, but it sounded like all of them were fighting. Erin had been reassuring Rufelt and Lasica, peering out the windows. She’d wanted to do something, but it was too risky and there was nothing in the home that could help Erin. She’d grabbed a frying pan and two knives from the kitchen just in case, but that was all. And everything had been fine.
Right up until a smoking Wyvern had crashed onto the house and caved in the ceiling from above. Erin had no idea where it had come from, but the entire building was coming down.
“Get out! Go! Go!”
Erin shouted at Rufelt and Lasica. The Gnoll appeared with his wife out of the dust. Erin ushered them out of the door and ran herself. Just in time—the building collapsed with the dead Wyvern.
“We have to find somewhere else!”
Erin was coughing, half-blinded by the dust. She looked around. The nearest house had no lights on. Erin rushed over to it as Rufelt doubled over, hacking and trying to brush dust off Lasica.
“Anyone in there? Hey! Open up!”
Erin hammered on the door. There were bars over the window. She yanked on the door as she shouted, but it was closed. Erin whirled.
Another house! Erin charged over to it. This one had a light on.
“Hey! Open up!”
“Go away!”
A terrified voice called from within. Erin kicked at the door.
“Open up! We’re going to get eaten out here!”
She checked the windows, but someone had put the shutters up from the inside! Erin growled.
“If you don’t open up—”
“Erin! Come on!”
Rufelt shouted at her. He was hurrying Lasica back. Towards the stairs.
“Oh no. No, Rufelt—we can’t go to the bar! Its two floors up! Let’s go to the prison!”
Erin ran after them. Rufelt was headed for the stairs. Rufelt stared at Erin as she pointed. The Gnoll’s fur was full of dust. He shook his head as Lasica coughed.
“The prison? Are you mad? What if the prisoners escape?”
“How? They’re locked up! I bet there’s tons of [Guards] there! And I’d rather fight prisoners than Wyverns!”
The Gnoll was shaking his head. He was in shock. And not thinking! Erin was cool—okay, somewhat cool—okay, she was afraid, but she had been in this kind of situation before. Rufelt was panicking.
“No, no. The bar is warded. It’s just up the stairs. We can take the stairs against the walls. Come on—”
