7.03
Page 8
“They went through. Selys, get back. It’s too dangerous to get near the door.”
Lyonette looked around.
“We shouldn’t have brought it out there. Relc. Bring it back. Put it in the hallway.”
The Drake [Spearmaster] started.
“The Wyverns can’t—”
He looked around. Krshia, Elirr, Gnolls, Drakes—the Senior Guardsman hesitated, then he nodded. He grabbed the door.
“We have to do something. Where’s Zevara? Change the door back to Liscor! Can we send anyone?”
Lism was on his feet. It was Olesm who shook his head.
“No. Uncle. Wyverns are a Gold-rank threat! And the door doesn’t have the mana to send enough people. Let me go to Liscor. I’m getting Guildmistress Alonna and every [Mage] I can find. We have to send the Flamewardens through!”
“What about—get the other Gold-rank teams! Can’t we send anyone else?”
Lism stared around, frustrated. Relc had disappeared and Olesm with him. But the other occupants of the inn? Lyonette was checking on Mrsha. The Gnoll was hugging Pawn’s back. The Worker looked at the Gnoll, into the scrying orb. The two Drakes were trying to shout at people to get indoors. Pawn stood up abruptly.
“I will go.”
“What?”
The [Priest] looked around. Yellow Splatters nodded. The [Sergeant] turned his head.
“Painted Antinium, with me.”
The Soldiers stepped forwards as one. Lyonette spun.
“No! Pawn—”
Belgrade was also present for the inn’s reopening. The [Strategist] shook his head.
“The door doesn’t have the mana for so many, even if Strategist Olesm gets the [Mages].”
“Then a core of Antinium. Pawn, you will stay behind.”
“I must go. I can hea—”
“No one is going through that door.”
Klbkch’s voice ran through the inn. The Antinium and other guests stopped. Everyone looked at him. Klbkch’s arms were folded.
“Antinium are not allowed in Pallass. To go through would be an act of war.”
Yellow Splatters paused. Pawn looked at Klbkch and his mandibles parted. But slowly, he sat back down. Lyonette’s head turned.
“Erin’s over there.”
Krshia found her. The Gnoll’s paw gripped Lyonette’s arm, and her brown eyes caught Lyonette’s. With her other paw, the [Shopkeeper] stroked Mrsha’s head.
“We must wait. Olesm will find reinforcements.”
“That’s right. I’ll—I’ll go to the hallways. Call out to anyone on the streets. They can come through.”
Selys stood up shakily. Lism pushed past her.
“I’ll do it. You stay back! All of you—no one goes in that hallway! If a Wyvern breathes frost—stay here!”
He shoved the door open. Lyonette looked around. No one was speaking. This was like the other attacks on Liscor, but those had been immediate, terrifying, but present. This—this was almost worse. They were watching the attack unfold and it was unbearable.
“Can we…no. No—Ishkr! Drassi!”
The two oldest workers at the inn looked up. Lyonette whirled around.
“Healing potions. Erin has a stockpile. And acid jars! We have some—get me everything you can! We’ll push it through the door!”
They had to do something. Moved to action, the other occupants of the inn began talking. Lyonette ran into the kitchen, Apista buzzing after her, stinger poised. She rushed back out with a crate in her hands, trying not to drop the glowing green acid in the bottles and heard a shout.
There was suddenly silence. Lyonette froze. In the scrying orb, Noass was pointing. The two Drakes were trying to get to some stairs, but they’d come across a Wyvern.
It was flying over the heads of some apartments. Low—and huge. And it was pursuing—Lyonette nearly dropped the crate.
An Oldblood Drake. But a child. The Drake was flying frantically. Noass was waving his arms and shouting.
