7.03
Page 35
Not that Pallass had been in danger of falling. The two Drakes had been unsure of it, but Niers could count. Pallass was a vast city. It had never been going to fall. The question had been how much damage the Wyverns could do.
And the answer was a lot. But not as bad as it could have been. Niers was counting and he estimated the casualties were around three to eight thousand at most. The Wyverns had done the most damage on their first attack, with the frost breath attacks on large groups. But after the citizens had fled, it was just [Soldiers] the Wyverns were fighting. For a weyr of a thousand, it was bad.
“Are they going to win?”
The Titan of Baleros rolled his eyes.
“It’s a Walled City versus a thousand Wyverns. More like six hundred at this point. What do you think, Foliana?”
“Mm. You tell me. That’s what I pay you for.”
Niers threw a piece of walnut at Foliana. She let it sail into her mouth and chewed. The Fraerling sighed.
“They’ll fight them off. The question is whether Grimalkin of Pallass was maimed or killed. These Drakes don’t know. That would be a disaster. The same as if their Named Adventurer dies, or their Grand Strategist.”
“Likely?”
“I don’t know. That looked like a Greater Wyvern. Remember those?”
“Yup. Nasty. Think they’ll die?”
“I don’t know. Now, shut up and let me watch.”
Niers scanned the image. That Drake, Noass—and what a name, Niers had to chuckle over Drake naming conventions even if it was juvenile—was still ranting about Pallassian ‘spirit’. He was pointing out more civilians getting in the way of the actual army by and large.
“You can see some Garuda youths harassing a Wyvern. I hope it doesn’t turn on them! But then, they might level! Pallass is in uproar. We even see—hello? What’s this?”
The ‘camera’ or rather, scrying mirror turned and revealed another sight, focusing on it below. Niers felt his heart jump. No. But there she was, right when he’d thought she wasn’t part of it.
“I—what am I seeing, Sir Relz?”
“I think it’s a Human, Noass. A rarity in Pallass. She appears to be throwing…what is that, an alchemical weapon? Yes, some kind of fiery explosive at a Wyvern! Keeping it from attacking that apartment! There! And there’s a Gnoll and a [Warrior]! Oh—oh, they’re retreating inside! Looks like they’ve distracted the Wyvern. It’s attacking their building—”
“No, don’t do that!”
Niers gripped the arms of his chair. Foliana peered at the young Human woman as she ducked inside and the Wyvern charged the building. She looked at Niers’ face and her eyes narrowed.
“Ancestors! I recognize that bar! That’s Tails and Scales, one of the most reputable establishments in the city! The Wyvern’s going to smash it! Oh—no—no, wait! It can’t break the building! It must be enchanted! And I see a squad of [Soldiers] already attacking the Wyvern! Splendid! Those brave Pallassian citizens—and that Human—helped save that family!”
Sir Relz was nodding pompously. Niers sat back with an explosive sigh of relief. Dangerous! His heart was beating faster than it had any right to. The Titan looked at Foliana.
“Hm.”
“What?”
“Hmm. Who’s the Human?”
“No one.”
“You think it’s your mystery chess person.”
“Shut up, Foliana.”
“You like her. Because she’s female. And not male.”
“I just—would you be quiet?”
A furry finger poked Niers. He found his steak-cutting knife and stabbed it into Foliana’s finger.
“Ow.”
 
—-
 
“Hah! Take that you overgrown—you—is it a lizard or a bird?”
