7.03
Page 37
“The city’s been retaken! But for the walls, and it’s over! You can see all the Wyverns flying in the air, battered and bloody! They’re probably thinking of retreating and the 1st Army is on their way up to reinforce the walls! I just heard that 4th Army is approaching the city—why they were out of the city at a time like this we’ll have to uncover. I think we might be able to see the end of the battle, Sir Relz. If we move up—”
The Drakes were heading towards the stairs when Erin heard a terrific roar. It was echoed a moment later from the doorway. Everyone in the bar flinched. Noass and Sir Relz stared up.
“W-what was that?”
“Oh no.”
Erin saw the viewpoint shift up. The weyr of Wyverns was in the skies. But Noass had underestimated how badly beaten the Wyverns were. Nearly half had died, but the rest, wounded, yes, were still in the air. They were being showered with lightning from Pallass’ walls, and enchanted munitions.
But there were still hundreds. Now, something screamed from the walls. Erin saw a vast Wyvern, larger than the rest, spiraling upwards. It exhaled and dove towards the stairs. A huge [Fireball] sailed past it. The Wyvern breathed—
And the [Soldiers] charging up the stairs froze. Erin saw a hundred turn into statues in a moment. And that was only those directly hit. Three floors froze around the stairs as the Wyvern Lord screamed. Outside the door, Erin felt the temperature drop. She backed up.
“Oh no, no—”
The Wyvern Lord landed in the city, shattering frozen figures. And as it howled, the weyr descended. For round two. Erin backed up from the door. It was—she heard the scream twice, from the scrying mirror and outside.
“Take cover! They’re attacking again!”
Noass was shouting as the Wyverns dove past him. There was no one on the streets, but the 1st Army and the Watch found themselves fighting the Wyverns. And this time the Wyverns were fighting en-masse. They landed on the top two floors, attacking everything in sight, not dividing. Erin looked out the doors.
“Someone has to bring down that Wyvern! It’s resisting the lightning bolts! I see Grimalkin heading its way with what looks like General Duln! Saliss of Lights is still fighting—”
Sir Relz cried. Erin watched, facing the mirror with everyone else. Wyverns were fighting. Another dove past Sir Relz and the Drake recoiled.
Then—a huge blast of flames shot upwards. The Wyvern reappeared, flaming, shrieking! The two Drakes saw it flap upwards, and then crash. They rushed towards the edge.
“Someone’s fighting the Wyverns! That was a breath attack!”
Sir Relz pointed out a group of Drakes in armor.
“That’s—the Flamewardens!”
Erin recognized the team a beat before Sir Relz. She pointed at Keldrass.
“He’s wearing the Heartflame Breastplate!”
“What?”
Everyone watched. The Flamewardens were aiming at another Wyvern. It covered them with frost, and they hunkered behind their armor. Then they exhaled as one.
Fire engulfed the Wyvern. The Drakes were beating it! Another fell, burning and screaming. And Keldrass, wearing the burning Heartflame Armor led the charge on another! Erin cheered.
“That’s the Flamewardens, a Gold-rank team and former army unit comprised of Oldblood Drakes! Known for their ability to decimate the enemy from range and up close! And I see more fighting! There’s—who is that?”
Erin’s eyes widened as she saw the Wyvern Lord. It was breathing, beset on all sides by [Soldiers] and [Guards], but cutting through them with each attack. She saw a green Drake leap down the stairs, and slash at its side.
“Relc!”
 
—-
 
