7.03
Page 43
An arrow struck the Wyvern Lord in the eye. But for the thick membrane that covered the Wyvern Lord’s eye, it would have gone straight through! As it was, it was like—being poked in the eye. Hard. The Wyvern Lord howled. It turned. Where—
Grimalkin and Saliss blinked. Another arrow hit the Wyvern Lord. Same eye, same spot. It didn’t pierce through. But the Greater Wyvern howled.
“Who’s shooting?”
Noass looked around with Sir Relz desperately. Grimalkin didn’t waste time. He charged in, hammering the Wyvern Lord’s wounded section with a fist. Saliss tossed potions at the Wyvern Lord’s head. They detonated, and the Wyvern Lord reeled. It opened its maw—dodged—
More arrows. All aiming for its eyes! They couldn’t pierce, but they hurt! The Greater Wyvern swiped at Grimalkin. Bit at the huge Drake—
An arrow landed in the Wyvern Lord’s nostril. An impossible shot. But the arrow curved and the Wyvern Lord felt the pinprick. In its nose! It howled and an arrow hit it in the eye a third time.
“Ancestors, it’s rising!”
Noass and Sir Relz scrambled back as the Wyvern Lord shot into the air. Grimalkin was clinging to one side, hammering at its wounded spot until the Greater Wyvern turned and threw him off. The [Sinew Magus] floated down. The Wyvern Lord stared around. Where was that damned—
More arrows were still flying at him! And now the ballistae and trebuchets were firing up at him. The Wyvern Lord dodged. And it looked around at its depleted weyr. Barely three hundred Wyverns remained. The others were tumbling from the sky. The Wyvern Lord faltered. An arrow bounced off its eyelid. And then the Wyvern Lord just…quit. It turned around, screamed once, and fled.
The weyr stared at their leader. The Greater Wyvern flew, heading south. Just—leaving. Defeated. It was done. Not dead. But just done. The lesser Wyverns flew after it, frantically abandoning the battle. They fell as Pallass’ spells and siege weapons continued hammering at their backs. They were broken. It would take them decades to recover from this. They were broken.
And below, Pallass erupted into cheers.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice walked out of Tails and Scales in a daze. It was over. The city rang with cheering. Drakes and Gnolls and Dullahans and Garuda raced out of their houses, staring at the Wyverns. They were beaten. The last of them flapped off into the distance, and the corpses of the others littered the city.
There were dead. Oh yes. Erin saw the blood. Saw where the Wyvern Lord had made its last stand. But she also saw the people standing there.
Grimalkin of Pallass. Saliss of Lights. Chaldion, General Duln. The [Sinew Magus] had found some spare robes. Saliss had not. He stood on the steps, blowing kisses. And for once, the people of Pallass didn’t care. They surrounded the victors.
Heroes.
Relc, leaning on his spear, looked around as people clustered about him, asking his name, who he was. The Drake, surprisingly, blushed. Erin saw someone grab Bevussa and throw her up on their crowd. The rest of the Wings followed. The crowd was giving the same treatment to others who’d fought. Not Saliss, because he was naked. Grimalkin was too heavy, and Chaldion refused. But the others.
Cheering. Erin looked around. Lasica and Rufelt threw open their doors and the others flooded into the street. It was a familiar sight. Pallass had won. And this was their city. They could count the dead later. And they would. Erin knew the exhilaration would fade, and there would be questions, blame. Sorrow.
