7.03
Page 14
He turned. A group of armored figures were fighting at one of the staircases. The Watch and [Soldiers] were battling multiple Wyverns, assaulting them as they tried to take the stairs.
“There are too many Wyverns above! And the lower floors are congested as the Wyverns slow reinforcements! We—we could be seeing a disaster. I think there are thousands, thousands dead. I repeat, thousands. The Wyverns are slowing to eat their kills, but whenever they breathe that damned frost attack at a cluster, everyone dies—and we just saw a Gold-rank team fall prey to their diving!”
Noass was nodding, looking around.
“The Wyverns are assaulting groups heading up, preventing anyone from making a foothold on the upper floors. Everyone is retreating. This is a disaster. Where are the higher-level officers? Are they all trapped below?”
The Drake’s voice was despairing. And their commentary wasn’t going to just those watching from outside Pallass. People in the city were picking up the broadcast, watching from inside their homes. Sir Relz turned to Noass.
“Can you see anyone? Noass? Anyone?”
Noass’ voice was bleak.
“I see pockets of fighting everywhere. The Watch is spread out across the city. But Wyverns are a Gold-rank threat. An entire squad can barely fight one, and these are Frost Wyverns. They have a variant of Dragon’s breath, like an Oldblood Drake! Even if our [Soldiers] beat one, two, or three attacking at once? I—I just don’t see—”
The Drake’s voice stopped. Sir Relz looked at him and then tried to angle his scrying mirror.
“What do you see? Noass?”
“I—I see someone moving up! Look! There!”
Noass pointed. Sir Relz’s mirror moved. And then they saw him. A small figure from afar, but growing larger. Leaping. Yes, leaping up the floors. He stopped as a Wyvern dove. The two Drakes peered.
“I don’t see—a Wyvern’s diving at him—”
“Who? An officer?”
“No! It’s—Ancestors!”
The Wyvern hit the huge figure and crashed. The two Drakes gaped as they saw the figure charge it. There was a bloom of fire—the Wyvern’s head was missing. And the figure turned, scanning for opponents. Then he leapt higher.
“Who is that? It’s a Drake—no, it must be him—he must have heard the alarm! Look! It’s Pallass’ Strongest [Mage]! Grimalkin!”
The [Sinew Magus] leapt higher. He was on the 7th Floor now. The two Drakes stared as he landed below.
“Magus Grimalkin!”
Noass bellowed. Grimalkin’s head whipped around. He spotted the two Drakes. They saw him squat, his form perfect, then leap. The two Drakes backed up as a huge shape soared over the railing of the 8th Floor.
Grimalkin landed lightly. He turned his head. His arms and part of his huge neck were covered in blood. But it wasn’t his. The [Sinew Magus] eyed Noass and Sir Relz.
“You two! Get inside! Hide from the Wyvern attack!”
He barked at them. Noass’ mouth worked. Sir Relz took over.
“Magus! Magus, we’re broadcasting live—”
“What? Broadcasting what—”
Grimalkin looked at Sir Relz. He stared into the image and then his brows snapped together.
“You idiots! If you have the strength to use a scrying orb, get people off the streets!”
“But people have to see—”
“Out of my way. I don’t have time for this. I’m retaking the walls.”
Grimalkin had spotted the fighting on the stairs. He sprinted past the two Drakes. Noass turned.
“That—that was Grimalkin of Pallass. Known as the Fist Mage, but also Pallass’ self-proclaimed strongest [Mage]. He’s known for—dead gods! Is he insane?”
