7.03
Page 42
“I need to set up. So—six seconds? In the right spot. Also, Duln’s in the way.”
Grimalkin nodded.
“Done. Chaldion! Pull back!”
“General Duln, fall back! [Rapid Retreat]!”
The [Grand Strategist] pointed. The [General] and his [Soldiers] fell back as Grimalkin leapt forwards. The Flamewardens breathed as one and retreated. The flames licked around the Greater Wyvern and he hissed, but it did nothing to him. Relc bounded away as Grimalkin leapt in.
“[Ironskin]! [Siege Fireball]!”
He threw one in the Greater Wyvern’s face. It recoiled, lashed out. Grimalkin felt an impact slam him backwards. Pectoral muscles tore. He gritted his teeth.
“Thanks!”
Saliss threw the potions past Grimalkin. The Wyvern Lord turned. It’s head lashed out and it smashed one potion in midair. And liquid covered the Wyvern Lord.
It blinked. The other potions exploded around it. Coating the Wyvern Lord with…liquid? Grimalkin, rising, saw Saliss duck back as the Wyvern Lord whirled the [Alchemist] leapt out of the way of a breath of frost.
“Wow, that’s cold. Even my Icebody Potions don’t work on that!”
The [Alchemist] scraped at his scales. The Wyvern Lord was sniffing, trying to figure out what it had been doused with. It whirled on Saliss. Grimalkin stared. Poison? No—he saw Saliss blur.
“Here we go. [Slow Toss]. [Flash Hands]—”
The [Alchemist] threw potions, his hands blurring as he moved. Grimalkin counted fifteen—then thirty—the [Sinew Magus]’s eyes widened.
“[Haste]—”
He vanished. The Wyvern Lord stared, perplexed at the sea of bottles coming at it. They were all glowing, all filled with a sparking liquid. Flying…slowly. Saliss threw the last one, leapt away. The Wyvern Lord backed up. It flapped its wings, flying up. It didn’t like—
It flew past Saliss. The [Alchemist] waved at the Wyvern Lord.
“Combination attack. Lightning tempest. And you’re the magnet. [Remote Explosion].”
He snapped his claws. The jars exploded, releasing lightning. All at once. The bolt of lightning shot through the Wyvern, pulling all the charge out of the clouds, the air—
The impact threw Saliss head over heels. Grimalkin, already running, felt something kick his back. He turned. Saliss flew past him and crashed onto the steps. The [Alchemist] stared at Grimalkin, upside down.
“Please tell me that worked. I’m nearly out of bottles.”
Grimalkin stared at Saliss of Lights. The Named Adventurer who could destroy an army. If he prepared. He turned away. And then he sighed.
The Wyvern Lord was still standing. It was swaying, unsteady. It looked stunned. The lightning bolt had left a huge crater in its side. But it was still alive.
“Do you have another attack like that?”
Grimalkin began preparing a [Siege Fireball]. Saliss shot to his feet. The Named Adventurer’s eyes narrowed.
“A weaker one. Bust through those scales and I’ll melt and poison it from the insides. We’ll have to clear the floors.”
“Fine. Duln and I will advance in while you set it up. If we need to gather enough ropes—”
The Wyvern Lord howled. Above, the Wyverns heard the shriek of pain and lifted off. Saliss and Grimalkin backed up as the Wyvern Lord turned. Pain and fury glinted in its eyes. Saliss slapped a potion onto Grimalkin’s chest.
“Icebody potion. Get ready—”
The Wyvern Lord inhaled, panting, ragged. It would kill them! Kill them! They weren’t Dragons! It could not lose again! Not now! Not—
A blur. The Wyvern Lord’s head jerked. But the arrow still twisted and struck it above the eyelid. The Wyvern Lord turned. Another arrow missed its head. It reared back, searching—
