7.03
Page 45
An Antinium in a Walled City. Erin didn’t know if someone had whispered it or if the thought was so loud she’d imagined it. The enemy. Here.
“Ancestors.”
It came from Noass’ lips like a prayer. He stared in horror at Bird. Sir Relz’s scrying mirror was locked onto the Antinium. It was more than just one Antinium.
It was a symbol. And the world saw it. Clear. As. Day. The Blighted King recoiled on his throne. His court was in uproar. The Terandrian monarchs turned away in disgust or horror. Flos’ jaw dropped.
And theirs weren’t the important reactions. The Walled Cities watched. Wall Lord Ilvriss stared at his personal scrying orb. Fissival’s Scholarium was filled with statues.
In Manus, the war council had gone silent. So silent, you could have heard a heartbeat. But they’d all stopped. Dragonspeaker Luciva stared at the enemy of the Drakes.
“Antinium.”
She whispered it. And felt a chill like no other. Terror. At seeing that black-carapace. That alien, insectile form.
And in the Grand Hive of the Antinium, Xrn stared. In pure shock. The Centenium whispered.
“Who is that?”
She heard a sound and looked up. The Grand Queen was choking on a snack. And all that had passed before or since revealed itself to be just—
A prelude.
 
—-
 
“Antinium! Antinium!”
Erin didn’t know who screamed the word first. But as she fought her way through the crowd, the terror ran through them like a shot. The word picked itself up, coming from thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of voices. A primal fear.
The enemy! These were not Liscor’s citizens, but Pallass’ people. And they had never seen an Antinium except in their nightmares. And if they had screamed for the Wyverns, they wailed now.
A stampede pushed against Erin, trying to force itself down the stairs. The 1st Army was shouting. Erin ran past [Soldiers]. They were forming lines, as if Bird were an army of every Antinium in the world. Even the officers were white-faced with shock.
“[Archers]! Aim! Aim! [Mages]!”
General Duln was shouting, raising his head to bellow. Chaldion was staring at Bird. And the Antinium was just sitting there. Gnawing on a bit of wing, oblivious to it all.
“General Duln! Hold!”
Grimalkin was bellowing at the [General]. He was fighting towards the panicked Dullahan, but everyone was in a frenzy. All save for a few, like Olesm, Relc, Erin, Chaldion—
And Saliss. The Named Adventurer just stared up at Bird. He crossed his arms.
“Huh.”
Someone pushed past him. Grimalkin had grabbed General Duln. Ranks of bows aimed at Bird. He finally noticed. Chaldion snapped an order.
“Hold!”
“I’m seeing an Antinium in Pallass! They’ve—they’ve taken the city! There’s one here! It was the archer! Look at the bow! It’s—”
Noass’ face was drained of blood. He was pointing up at Bird. The army was in uproar. Chaldion was shouting.
“This is an order! Hold your fire!”
The army and Watch held, quivering. And then they saw it. The scrying mirror reflected her as she burst between a pocket of surprised [Soldiers] at the front. It picked up a scrambling Human, running up the stairs.
“Oh my god! Bird! Stop! Don’t shoot!”
Erin Solstice ran forwards, spreading her arms wide, although anyone with half a decent shot could have feathered Bird as he perched on the Wyvern. And there she was.
Erin Solstice. Bird waved at her.
“Hello, Erin. Look at this big bird. I killed it myself.”
“What is going on here!?”
