7.03
Page 41
“It’s practically impossible to kill with magic. Pull your [Soldiers] back, General Duln. No one below Level 30 will tackle this beast.”
Grimalkin stared down at the Greater Wyvern. It was on the stairs. And everyone, everyone was assaulting it.
“Magus! The Flamewardens are ready to advance!”
“On me!”
General Duln bellowed. The Gold-rank adventurers and the most elite [Soldiers] charged. The Wyvern Lord rushed forwards. It hit them—and rebounded. For all its mass and strength, the massed Skills threw it back. But it just opened its mouth—
“Oh no you don’t! [Triple Thrust]!”
Relc stabbed the Wyvern in the side. It twisted. The Gecko swore and dove. Frost missed him, but the cold froze his arms and side.
“Gah!”
“Now!”
Grimalkin charged in. The Wyvern Lord looked down as Grimalkin hit it. The shockwave of the two spells Grimalkin unleashed at once blasted the Wyvern Lord backwards. General Duln and the Flamewardens charged. The Wyvern recovered, twisted—
“Watch o—”
Noass winced as he saw Keldrass go flying. The Drake flew, never mind the armor he wore. He hit a building nearly a hundred and twenty feet away. He should have been splattered, but the glowing flames around the Heartflame Breastplate only went out.
“Dead gods, that artifact saved his life! Even the Greater Wyvern can’t break the enchantment!”
“He can’t take another hit like that. And Magus Grimalkin’s best strike didn’t so much as stop the Wyvern Lord.”
Grimalkin gritted his teeth as he grabbed the Wyvern Lord’s tail. It tried to throw him, as it lashed out at the [Soldiers] around him.
“Idiots. [Magical Anchor]!”
If he could have prepared—[Mages] didn’t fight enemies like this at a drop of a hat! The Wyvern Lord heaved and Grimalkin felt his feet leave the ground. He let go and felt himself flying.
“[Featherfall]!”
The [Sinew Magus] landed. The Wyvern Lord was reeling back. General Duln had struck it a heavy blow and dented its scales. The Wyvern Lord was bleeding, but not enough.
“Grand Strategist! The Wyvern Lord—”
“I see it. We need to drag it back up to the walls. Hit it with spells away from the buildings. And the ballistae.”
Chaldion stared down at the Wyvern Lord. It was refusing to retreat. The weyr was falling like flies and still, the enraged animal wouldn’t leave. It was intelligent—what was making it so stubborn?
Grimalkin cracked his neck. One strike. He had to punch through the Wyvern’s neck. His muscles were torn across his body. But he refused to back down. This—this was the flaw of his magic. Once his muscles were damaged, he lost his magical power. Grimalkin began to bind another spell—
“Grimalkin, are you adopting my fashion sense?”
Slowly, Grimalkin’s head turned. He recognized that voice. The [Sinew Magus] saw a nude Drake, posing next to him. Saliss of Lights was covered in soot, dust and dried blood—but he was otherwise unharmed. He gestured at Grimalkin.
The [Sinew Magus] looked down. His clothes were gone, either frozen or destroyed from impacts. The [Mage] stared at Saliss. The Named Adventurer had never had anything to lose.
“Saliss.”
“I was taking on the eastern walls. No matter how many Wyverns I take down, they won’t retreat. That’s their leader, right?”
Grimalkin crossed his arms, watching as Relc kicked the Wyvern Lord and then fled.
“I can’t bring it down alone. It’s resistant to almost all spells. Worse than an Adult Creler. If I had time to prepare, I could do more damage with physical weapons. Gravity, prepared spells—not here.”
The [Alchemist] was nodding.
“I saw that. Can you let me take a shot?”
“What’s stopping you?”
