7.03
Page 32
The couple had hidden from the blast. Now they scrambled to get their door open. Erin saw the other occupants of the house running for the bar. Two of the Drakes looked like [Warriors]. They were covering a young female Drake as she ran, claws over her head as if that would help. But the Wyvern was in the air. It dove—Erin saw it crush one of the Drakes flat.
Somehow, the Drake survived. He was screaming, but he hammered on the claw with a sword. The other was slashing at the Wyvern. The monster flew up, hissing. It looked for another target. Saw Rufelt and Lasica.
“No.”
Erin threw Pelt’s knife. It spun through the air and hit the Wyvern. The tip of the Dwarf’s blade sank halfway through the Wyvern’s neck. The monster recoiled. It turned to Erin again. This time it dove at her. Erin stared up at it.
“[Like Fire…]”
She was an idiot. Erin knew she wasn’t going to be able to use her Skill. She stared up at the Wyvern as it dove, moving to dodge. Too slow. It was tracking her as it dove. Erin grabbed for a healing potion. So stupid. But she didn’t regret a thing.
“Hairballs. And I just bought this scroll today, too.”
Someone muttered to Erin’s left. She saw the Gnoll who’d run out of the house turn. He flung open a scroll of parchment, pointed up.
“[Improved Featherfall]!”
The huge, falling shape of the Wyvern slowed. Erin nearly halted mid-run, but the Wyvern was still diving. But slowly! She saw the Gnoll shouting at her.
“Run! Inside!”
The bar was open! Erin raced towards it, staring upwards. What was happening?
Above her, she saw the Wyvern drifting through the air down towards her. It was…falling! But all the momentum was gone. Erin saw it trying to dive, flapping its wings furiously, but the magical enchantment was letting it fall at a feather’s pace.
“Everyone inside! Now!”
Rufelt was at the door, waving people in. Erin saw the Gnoll barrel through, and then the two Drake [Warriors] making their way for the door. Erin charged after them. She grabbed the Drake’s other arm and they ran for the door.
The Wyvern landed on the ground, screaming its displeasure. It turned for the bar. Rufelt slammed the door shut. Erin saw the Wyvern charging. Then Rufelt slamming a bar over the door. And then—
Thump.
Inside Tails and Scales, the door rattled with the impact. Once. Erin looked around warily. She heard a muffled shriek, and felt another thump.
The door rattled. That was it. The bar didn’t shake. The expensive alcohols on the walls didn’t so much as quiver in their vessels. Erin stared at the door. It rattled weakly a third time, and then there was silence.
“Oh wow.”
“Told you.”
Rufelt grinned at Erin. His face was pale and his fur was damp with sweat. Erin felt her legs go out from under her. She sat down on the ground hard. She was alive. She was alive—
She’d have to find Pelt’s knife again. She kept nearly losing it.
That inane thought popped into Erin’s head. She laughed, shakily. Then she heard someone else laugh.
“Dead gods. And I thought I was crazy.”
The Gnoll who’d saved Erin was bent over. Like her, he looked wide-eyed. But he glanced at Erin as she slowly got back up. She looked at him.
“You saved me.”
“No, no. I just used a scroll. You distracted it.”
He waved a paw, breathlessly. Erin looked at him, and saw Rufelt hurry back across the bar.
“Lasica! Are you alright?”
He was tending to his wife. Erin stared at him, and then saw the bar had more occupants. The Dullahan family, the young Drake—Erin saw one of the two [Warriors] hurry over while the other collapsed, drinking from a healing potion.
“Lady Salkis! Are you alright?”
