7.03
Page 21
And one of the red-covered Wyverns bit the first in the neck. The other Wyverns recoiled. But then the other three Wyverns attacked their fellows. They screamed, foaming at the mouth.
“Ancestors, what—”
The Wyverns were fighting amongst themselves! Three had gone berserk, the ones covered in the red oil. It had absorbed into their scales somehow, and they were frothing, biting their friends. Qissa stared. How, by the walls…?
Then she heard a voice.
“See, this is why I stay in my cell. I leave for one day, and this is what happens.”
Qissa knew that voice. She turned her head and there he was. A Drake with dusky yellow scales. He was slim, tall. And oh yes, naked.
Saliss stood in the war torn street, juggling a trio of glowing potions. Or—alchemical mixtures. He nodded at Qissa.
“Watch Captain. I open my door for a breath of air and I saw all these Wyverns. What’s going on?”
“We—we’re under attack.”
Qissa replied slowly. Saliss paused. He looked at the fighting Wyverns. The nine were killing their enraged companions.
“You don’t say? How many?”
“I don’t know. The upper floors are overrun. They’ve taken the walls. The 1st Army is trapped below—I heard Magus Grimalkin was on the walls. Alone.”
The Watch Captain searched for more information, but the [Alchemist] just nodded.
“Got it. Well, I guess it’s my turn to earn my keep. Pull the Watch back.”
Qissa looked at him. Saliss. The Drake she’d arrested countless times, fined, reprimanded. Pallass’ number one public nuisance. And Named Adventurer. She turned.
“Fall back! Named Adventurer is advancing!”
The Watch scrambled back. Saliss waited until they were clear. Then he aimed for the Wyverns. They were biting the corpses of their enraged comrades, trying to kill them even after they were dead. They looked up as the three glass jars flew at them.
The first detonated in midair, spraying the Wyverns with a brown-black liquid that glistened. They raised their wings, but the liquid did nothing. The second liquid was clear. It splattered over all of them, again exploding just above the cluster of nine Wyverns. They hissed—the smell was terrible. And the third? The flask covered the lot with a red powder.
And nothing else happened. Saliss eyed the Wyverns as they shrieked their displeasure. Qissa stared at them, but they weren’t possessed by madness. Just—covered by all three substances. She looked at Saliss.
“Alchemist—”
Saliss looked at her.
“I have to know what their limits are. These are variants. They have some kind of magical resistance. Test one. [Flash Sparks].”
He clicked his claws. Qissa saw a flicker of light near one of the Wyvern’s feet as the monster inhaled, aiming at Saliss. And the Wyverns ignited.
All three liquids exploded. The red powder actually exploded. Qissa threw her claws up, shielding her face.
“Ancestors!”
The fire’s heat hit her from afar. And it kept burning, unlike a [Fireball]. The mixture consumed the Wyverns, and they screamed, trying to roll, put the fire out. But it stuck to them. Saliss watched. The Wyverns’ shrieks lasted only ten seconds. Then they slumped. They were still burning, the alchemical substances sticking to them.
“Test complete. Durability’s up from regular Wyverns. But they’re not chilled. Fire does work.”
He nodded. The [Alchemist] turned. The Watch was staring. Civilians looked at Saliss out of their windows. The [Alchemist] paused. Then he posed.
“Hello, Pallass! Did you miss me? Sorry I missed the alarm call—I work in a soundproof laboratory! And I hate Chaldion.”
“You—you—”
