7.03
Page 5
“Report, Dragonspeaker. Pallass’ protections spells did not activate. Some were used, but I’m getting more [Messages]. Summarized—confirmation of Grand Strategist’s alert. Pallass is under attack by feral Wyverns. Frost Wyverns.”
“Impossible.”
Someone muttered it a third time. Not in shock, but now just disbelief. Dragonspeaker Luciva’s lips twisted.
“They didn’t activate the protection spells?”
“Must have been caught off-guard. Idiots. They didn’t get Chaldion. He can fight them off.”
“There’s no way they’ll take the city.”
“But the death toll has to be in the hundreds already. Thousands, maybe. Listen.”
That calm voice came from Spearmaster Lulv. He was leaning on the table, looking at the scrying orb. Now, all the voices in the war room fell silent.
This is what they all saw, the world over. A shaking, moving street. No—someone running while holding whatever was providing the magical image. In Manus, the leaders heard a wheezing pant, a cough—
Shrieks in the distance, tearing the air. Faint at first, and then growing louder. The viewpoint jerked up as a scream increased in volume. The image revealed a huge, plummeting shape. A Wyvern sixty feet long dropped out of the air, diving. Its hunting scream reached a crescendo as it flashed past the onlooker. 
The image shook, a visible flinch. And then, pattering footfalls. Someone else ran into view.
“Take cover! Take cover! Get inside!”
A Drake ran into view. The perspective changed, and Dragonspeaker Luciva saw a pair of Dullahans running towards an open door. A Drake was shouting at them, waving at them as he ran towards the scrying orb. Luciva saw a young, frightened Dullahan boy grabbing at a sister. The sister nearly dropped her head as he ran towards the Gnoll holding the door open.
For a second Luciva closed her eyes, seeing the girl’s face. Not because it was someone she knew, but because it was familiar. Then she forced her eyes open.
The first Drake was catching his breath. He looked around wildly, ducked as another shadow passed overhead. So did whoever was holding the magical device providing the image. The first Drake looked up, then spoke breathlessly.
“I—I think we’re clear. Are we still broadcasting?”
“I believe so.”
Someone fumbled with the mirror. Another Drake appeared in frame, and part of his arm. The two Drakes were both male, both familiar. One—the one with the arm holding the magical scrying device—had a monocle, dangling from a chain loop secured around one of his neck-spines. He was expensively dressed. His comrade was less so, but the two were a well-fed pair.
The first Drake spoke in a rush after gaining his voice back.
“This is Sir Relz and Noass, your [Commentators] coming to you live from Pallass! Is ‘live’ the word we’re using, Sir Relz? Where’s the logic in that?”
“Who cares, Noass? Pallass is under attack! It’s been bare minutes and we—”
Both Drakes ducked as a Wyvern shot down past them. Noass shouted.
“Get inside! Get off the streets!”
Sir Relz was speaking into the mirror as he tried to angle it, showing the audience a view of the skies—and then a close-up of the side of his face. He was inept at placing the viewpoint just right.
“Ancestors damn it, get out of the way! Show us numbers! Where’s the army?”
Someone growled in Manus’ war room, but it was otherwise completely silent. Sir Relz was still panting for breath.
