7.03
Page 33
Erin saw the young Drake look up. Erin did a double-take as she looked at the female Drake. Her scales were jet black, but glittering, lustrous. You’d describe them as onyx, without any other coloration marring or changing her appearance.
Erin stared for a moment—the Drake was clearly someone important. And she was shaking in her chair. She turned back to the Gnoll.
“What did you do? Was that…[Featherfall]? Does that work on Wyverns?”
The Gnoll shook his head. He’d gone over to a window to look out it. Erin hurried over. He half-spoke to her as the others in the bar talked in much the same, frantic, relieved way.
“Normally, not. But I bought an improved version of the spell. It works even on large beasts like that one, or so I guessed. Glad it bought us time. Still, that was three weeks’ pay!”
He groaned. Rufelt came over with Lasica. The Gnoll was holding his wife’s shoulder. Lasica nodded to the unknown Gnoll.
“I’ll pay you back, Felkhr. Thank you. You saved us. And you, Erin.”
She looked at Erin, still pale behind her scales. Erin smiled.
“Hey. At least we’re alive.”
She did not say the part about ‘why did we have to go to your bar? We almost died, y’know.’ Rufelt and Lasica probably got that. Shakily, they nodded. Erin turned.
“Felkhr?”
“Call me Felk if you want. I know it’s a mouthful for a non-Gnoll.”
Felkhr extended a paw. Erin shook it, and then a memory made her eyes widen. She’d thought he was familiar, but—
“You’re that Gnoll who jumped off the walls the first time I was here!”
The Gnoll laughed. Some of the others in the bar looked around as he grinned.
“That’s me! The Flying Gnoll of Pallass. But that’s just a hobby. You attacked that Wyvern to distract it.”
“Well, I’d have done better if I had something else. I need more knives.”
Erin scowled. Lasica and Rufelt looked between the two. Rufelt shook himself.
“We should be safe now. The door will keep the Wyverns out.”
“What if they breathe frost? Can it block that?”
“It should. We paid for it to be practically indestructible.”
Lasica murmured. Erin nodded. She glanced around the bar. Then she looked outside through the windows. She couldn’t see anyone else on the street, or the Wyvern who’d attacked them. Darn, she’d have to find the knife later. Erin reached for the door latch and Rufelt blocked her.
“What are you doing?”
Erin stared at him.
“Going to look around. I’ll just open the door. But if someone needs to get in…”
The Gnoll stared at her. He let go slowly. Erin nodded. She cracked the door open, stared around. No one on the streets.
“Darn. Those Wyverns are awful.”
“How did they get in the city? There should have been protections! This is Pallass!”
One of the Dullahans wailed. Erin heard a chorus of agreements. She ignored them, thinking.
“Not much we can do here. If I had my stash of acid jars, we could throw them at the Wyverns.”
“What?”
The others looked at her as if she were mad. Felkhr just grinned. Erin shook her head.
“Well, if we can do something—”
“The army and the Watch will drive them off.”
Rufelt shook his head. Erin propped her hands on her hips. The Gnoll was going back to the bar, pushing Lasica into a seat. What had gotten into him?
“So what, we do nothing?”
“Exactly! We stay safe! There’s nothing we can do to hurt the Wyverns, anyways.”
He snapped at her. Erin puffed out her cheeks. She glared at Rufelt—but her intuition was pinging her. She stared at him, at Lasica, and then her gaze travelled past Rufelt.
