7.03
Page 29
“That is Grand Strategist Chaldion of Pallass’ voice we’re hearing! Of course, he’s the high strategist in charge of Pallass’ armies! Over Level 50—I went to his 50th level celebration! If he can’t clear the walls with reinforcements, no one can!”
Sir Relz was shouting as he pointed up at the walls. He and Noass had seen part of the 1st Army arriving and they were trying to get to the fighting. Sir Relz looked up.
“They must have used a spell to appear on the walls. But I doubt all of 1st Army can teleport up there. If Strategist Chaldion can’t reclaim the walls—if the Wyverns kill him, the army might struggle to reclaim them. What then? They can freely attack Pallass from the interior. If 1st Army can’t reclaim the walls—”
Noass turned. He stared at Sir Relz and then lashed out.
“If they take the walls? Control yourself you fool!”
The other Drake slapped Sir Relz across the face.
“Pallass will never fall!”
Sir Relz rocked back. He stared at Noass in shock and then nodded.
“Forgive me, Noass. I don’t know what got into me.”
The two Drakes looked up.
“What was Strategist Chaldion’s announcement? Fliers to land? That sounds like—”
A flash blinded everything. Noass and Sir Relz staggered, shouting incoherently. Above them, a Wyvern fell out of the skies, charred, wings burning. There was a flash of an explosion—and only then, the sound of thunder.
Lightning fell out of the skies as Chaldion triggered Pallass’ attack spells. But the lightning fell inside the city. Wyvern after Wyvern was struck by bolt after bolt. The Drake [Grand Strategist] stood on the walls and aimed the attack spells. By the dozens now, Wyverns fell.
Chaldion was laughing. His ruby eye gleamed. He pointed and the Wyvern Lord was struck by a hail of bolts. The Greater Wyvern screamed as it attacked the Dullahans surrounding it. Grimalkin saw Chaldion pointing. More lightning fell. The Wyvern Lord howled. Then it charged General Duln. The [General] raised his shield—
The impact threw the [General] into the air. Chaldion stopped laughing. The Wyvern Lord turned. The electricity arced off its scales. It seized one [Soldier] wearing glowing magical gear, and bit the Gnoll in two. Magical weapons bounced harmlessly off its scales. Chaldion stared at the Wyvern Lord. Then he shook his head and began picking off Wyverns lower in the city.
“Stay alive, Miss Erin Solstice.”
His vision of victory had seen only what may happen, what could happen. And he had not seen her in it. The future could change. In his vision, the Wyvern Lord had fled when the bolts struck it. In this one, the Wyvern Lord shrieked, refusing to flee or die. Chaldion gritted his teeth.
“Three deviations.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice had never seen a Wyvern before. She knew what they were. Vaguely. If you asked someone from her world, they might know. If Erin had been asked, she’d describe them as ‘like a Dragon, but smaller. And with less…stuff.’
And that was what Erin saw. A huge, winged beast. Wyverns had no forelegs, just two huge hind legs. They were like eagles, but adapted to run on the ground in their own way, oh, and they were huge, with scales like armor. Gigantic.
Like Dragons. But smaller. It didn’t make them any less terrifying. And they were attacking Pallass.
“Come on! Run!”
