7.03
Page 4
Luciva Skybreath tuned them all out. Her mind focused, dividing the situation into pieces. The whole was too confusing, the facts unknown. She breathed in and out. And time…
Slowed…
The Dragonspeaker opened her eyes. Her mind raced a thousand miles a second, ahead of the voices. She stared at the scrying orb. And when she spoke, her voice cut through even the loudest shout.
“Oldblood Drakes. I want every single flier capable of reaching Pallass within eight hours moving. No—have them on alert. Officers with speed skills in position.”
The other commanders in the room looked towards Luciva. Some were nodding, but then a young voice spoke up.
“Done.”
The youngest occupant of the room by far folded her arms. Rafaema met Luciva’s eyes calmly as the Dragonspeaker spun. Rafaema, a Wall Lady by rank, seemed one of the least fazed by the situation unfolding in the scrying orb. She nodded at Luciva.
“I ordered them to go to alert when I got the message. Four full wings. They’re already heading towards Pallass.”
The Dragonspeaker met Rafaema’s eyes and surprise flickered in her gaze for only a moment. Then she snapped at the Gnoll [Strategist].
“Send a counter order for the wings to hold their position.”
She nodded towards Rafaema. The younger Drake shrugged, flexing her brilliant wings slightly. Dragonspeaker Luciva looked around the table.
“Even at max flight speed, they will not reach Pallass in time. The intervention might be unneeded. Or worse.”
“Nothing like an unwanted companion to the chase. Pallass would take offence.”
Hunt Commander Makhir nodded. He glanced at Rafaema. The younger Drake shrugged.
“And if the Walled City falls?”
General Milka consulted a tome. The pages fluttered without her touching them as the Drake stared at the information. She looked up and shook her head.
“They will not. I don’t know how the Wyverns took the walls, but they should have…1st Army and 4th in position. Either one should be able to repel the attack. And if the Wyverns possess greater numbers or abilities—they can take cover. A few minutes’ difference won’t change the results.”
“And what are the odds of that? I can’t believe they gained the city.”
“There are precedents. What species of Wyvern are these? If they’re rare variants—Hunt Commander, thoughts?”
The Gnoll scratched a scar along his chin, where he’d taken a wound from an encounter with a Wyvern.
“I’ve heard reports of Wyverns causing volcanic eruptions and launching attacks in the ash clouds. And I’ve seen them with any number of abilities. There are variants in Baleros that camouflage themselves. But in numbers? I have never encountered a weyr over two hundred. And the group I saw was ordinary. I don’t know what they might have done.”
“Pool their breath attacks.”
Again, Rafaema spoke up. Every head turned towards her. Dragonspeaker Luciva inclined her head slightly.
“What do you mean by that, Wall Lady Rafaema?”
The young Drake shrugged.
“I’ve been reading older accounts. Wyverns and Oldblood Drakes can pool their magical abilities together. In fact, A Drake riding a Wyvern can combine his attack with the Wyvern’s. Even different elements. I’ve seen it done. There was a flying wing in Manus eighty years ago that used that tactic.”
Her tail flicked back and forth as she spoke. The other leaders looked at each other. Each one nodded. General Milka nodded to herself, doing a quick check of her tome.
