7.03
Page 28
Below, on the 8th Floor, Desk Sergeant Kel and the other fighters on the ground looked up. They stared at Olesm and each other in alarm, but then they rushed for the stairs. Chaldion spun. He pointed at the [Soldiers] around him. More reinforcements were taking the walls, seeing the fighting above.
“[Army: Veteran’s Knowledge]!”
A group of struggling Dullahan [Guards] fighting a Wyvern on a staircase paused for a moment as Chaldion shouted. Then their formation tightened up. They advanced, shields held ready. The Wyvern backed up. It twisted—the Dullahans were already bracing as its tail came around in the sneak attack Wyverns loved to use. The Wyvern recoiled as it failed to dislodge the Dullahans.
Seamlessly, the Dullahans hacked at the tail, and two moved left, into the Wyvern’s blind spot. They aimed for the Wyvern’s hindquarters, trying to hamstring it. As if they’d fought Wyverns a hundred times.
Chaldion had. The [Grand Strategist] looked around, surveying the battle.
“[Rapid Retreat]. Fall back—now!”
He pointed. A group of [Soldiers] fled as Wyverns landed, about to encircle their position. Chaldion nodded. He looked at another catapult.
“Catapult! Hit the Wyverns there. [Marked Target].”
The catapult swung around and loosed, hitting a cluster of Wyverns in the air. Chaldion watched the bodies fall. Then he turned. A shadow passed overhead. A Wyvern was heading for the lone Drake, seeking an easy target. The Drake paused. He flipped up his eye patch.
“[Fireball].”
A flaming orb shot from the red jewel in his left eye. It struck the Wyvern in the face. Chaldion shielded his head from the explosion. The Garuda squad flew into the Wyvern as it recoiled in the air.
“Take it down! Protect the [Strategist]!”
Chaldion walked forwards as the Wyvern crashed to the ground around him. He looked around.
“Hm. First deviation. And—now—”
A series of explosions tore apart a group of Wyverns on the stairs. A naked Drake appeared through the smoke as Chaldion watched. He kicked past a Wyvern. Spotted Chaldion.
“Oh, it’s you.”
Saliss of Lights stared at Chaldion. The Grand Strategist nodded.
“Saliss. You’re late.”
“What took you? I heard Grimalkin got here first. And before you ask—I didn’t hear your alarm. Kill me later.”
The two glared at each other. Chaldion turned his head.
“I have one path. The 1st Army is advancing up the stairs. 4th is marching on the city at all speed. I need you on the eastern wall.”
Saliss looked around. Wyverns were flying through the air there; the 1st Army had teleported onto the northwestern side with Grimalkin. No one but Wyverns flew there. The Named Adventurer sighed.
“This is why I miss my cell.”
Chaldion glared at him. Saliss paused.
“Five minutes, no holds barred. Agreed?”
“The city will pay you back. Go.”
Saliss popped another vial. Chaldion watched him sprint away. The [Grand Strategist] checked himself.
“Two deviations.”
He stared at the image of victory he’d called forth. It was one road. And the future was already changing. But the old Drake reached out for it. He looked up. Wyverns flew through the skies. And in the city, they were still harassing the [Soldiers] and Watch trying to advance. Chaldion reached for a scroll. As he did, he touched the magical stone and his voice echoed again throughout all of Pallass.
“This is Grand Strategist Chaldion! All fliers, land! You have forty seconds!”
Across the ramparts, Garuda dropped to the ground. Oldblood Drakes did likewise. Chaldion counted slowly.
