7.03
Page 39
Noass’ voice rang through The Wandering Inn. Lyonette collapsed into a chair and Mrsha waved a paw in her face anxiously. Lyonette had nearly keeled over when she saw Erin hurling incendiaries! But Erin was safe. And it looked like the Wyverns were going to be defeated.
“Stop looking at the other Wyverns! Show us Relc!”
Zevara howled at the scrying orb. The Watch was crowding the inn. They’d come through the magical door, now that it looked like the worst of the crisis was averted. The common room was packed with spectators, for all that the [Grand Theatre] Skill was active. The rest of Liscor’s residents all shouted agreement.
“Relc’s taking on that Greater Wyvern alone! Dodge, you idiot! If you get killed I’ll never get my money back!”
Jeiss shouted at the scrying orb. Lyonette almost wanted to check on the magical door set to Pallass, but she didn’t. The Wyverns were attacking the 8th Floor and she might be hit with frost breath. She contented herself with shouting for people to keep sitting so everyone could see.
“I see—Magus Grimalkin engaging the Greater Wyvern—it looks tired, but it has yet to take any substantial damage! Truly, truly, dangerous. But the rest of the Wyverns are engaged on the 9th and 8th floor. They’re tearing up our [Soldiers]. Just—just too many to fight when they group up.”
Noass was speaking distractedly, pointing at a group of eight Wyverns assaulting Olesm’s position. Lism shoved people aside.
“Let me see! Let me see! Dead gods! Get some reinforcements to him, you idiots! Watch Captain, put more [Guardsmen] through that door! Now!”
He shouted at the others. Zevara was shouting, but it was too late. The Wyverns were advancing, trying to break up the wall of shields. Noass was staring at them.
“Grand Strategist Chaldion must be distracted. And all the other Gold-rank teams I see are out of range! Can anyone—oh! Oh! Look!”
The Wyverns were falling! One had retreated. A cheer went up through the inn. One Wyvern had blundered into the others—it was turning. Lashing out at its companions! And another recoiled as the [Guards] pressed the others back.
“What is happening? It looks like the Wyverns were hit with something—hold on! Yes! One’s down! Brilliant work! But what in the name of the walls…? Ancestors!”
A Wyvern crashed into a wall ahead of the two Drakes. Sir Relz and Noass stared.
“That Wyvern just slammed into the building! I think it broke its neck! Did someone throw it?”
Sir Relz shook his head.
“No! Noass, look! Ancestors! Someone shot out its eyes!”
He pointed excitedly to the Wyvern. The image zoomed in and Lyonette saw two feathered shafts protruding from the Wyvern’s eyes. People gasped around her and Noass turned.
“There’s an expert [Archer] who’s joined the fray! Those Wyverns attacking that [Strategist]’s position—yes! I see arrows in their eyes now! Brilliant! Dead gods, the [Archer]’s downed another! See!”
Another Wyvern crashed out of the skies, screaming, blinded. In fact, Lyonette saw another Wyvern go down as something struck it. Just a blur, launched from below.
“Ancestors speed that [Archer]’s bow! I don’t recall any archers this incredible! Eight shots, eight hits! From that distance? Who could it be?”
Noass was turning his head with Sir Relz. But whoever it was had yet to be seen. The Drakes began chatting excitedly. The viewpoint swung back to the battle with the Greater Wyvern, which was reaching its climax. Everyone focused on that.
