7.03
Page 3
In Manus, the war council sprinted into the meeting room where the scrying orb had been set up. [Hunt Commander] Makhir nearly ran down General Milka. He was panting from the run from the walls.
Dragonspeaker Luciva Skybreath was only a beat behind the others. She charged into the room, and the [Strategist] whirled. In the inner keep of Manus, Luciva could hear more shouts as Wall Lords and Ladies, and the other protectors of the City of War scrambled for a room to see the situation for themselves.
“Report!”
She bellowed. The [Strategist] replied at a shout even as Rafaema stopped, nearly colliding with Luciva’s back. The young Drake woman flexed her wings. She’d flown here. The others clustered around the scrying orb as the Gnoll [Strategist] spoke, words tumbling from his mouth.
“Pallass is under attack. They report a Wyvern assault from the walls. Grand Strategist Chaldion has issued a city-wide alarm.”
“Wyverns?”
For a second those gathered in the room looked at each other. Wall Lord Kishield looked blankly around.
“Does that mean…Oldbloods?”
The other people in the room looked at him. Makhir opened his mouth, and General Milka snapped.
“No! This isn’t a damn code. These are actual Wyverns.”
“What?”
Two more were crowding Rafaema. She turned and they backed up. Dragonspeaker Luciva turned. She nodded to the young Wall Lady. Everyone was on their feet, and slowly they began spreading around the circular table.
“Impossible. Wyverns can’t assault Pallass. No—is it Fissival? Damn them! If they’ve launched a surprise attack—”
“Maybe Salazsar? There was that dispute with the Trisstral Alliance. If Salazsar is replying to Pallass backing the alliance—”
“Impossible. There’s no way they’d have hired Fissival—”
“What about from Elleis?”
The babble of military voices was cut short by the [Strategist]. The Gnoll snapped, his voice cutting his superiors short.
“They’re not mounted! These are wild Wyverns, as far as we can tell!”
Manus’ elite stared at the [Strategist]. Not in offense over him interrupting, but pure shock.
“Impossible.”
This time the word was flat and it came from half a dozen throats. Dragonspeaker Luciva stared into the scrying orb, but it was a blur—someone was running. Sound was filtering through, but it was just a din of shrieks, screams, explosions—
It was the sound of a battlefield. Luciva could pick out the distinctive hunting scream of the Wyverns, but little else. She turned.
“Do we have another viewpoint?”
“Negative, Dragonspeaker. The anti-scrying wards are in full effect.”
“Then the walls aren’t down and the spells aren’t comprised. How did a weyr of Wyverns—?”
“I have a report here. Wyverns sighted, count above one thousand. Liscor spotted them first, and they were confirmed on a southern course, heading straight for Pallass.”
Spearmaster Lulv pounded a furred fist onto the table.
“Liscor! How many attacks has this been? This cannot be a coincidence. Is this the Human’s retaliation?”
“There is no [Beast Master] in the north capable of moving an entire weyr at once. It might be possible if they controlled the leader, say—”
Voices. There was no orderly chain of command where one person raised their arm and went first, nor any niceties like, say, Pallass’ Assembly of Crafts. And that could be a contentious room when things got heated. But in Manus’ circles, the leaders of the Walled City were [Generals] and [Commanders], officers used to taking charge. They shouted over each other.
