7.04
Page 3
“Yes. That was fun. Yay. But I left all the big birds in Pallass. May I go back and get them later? They will be very nice and squishy soon. And I found Miss Erin. I—”
Erin barely saw Klbkch’s arm move. The Antinium’s right hand blurred and then he struck Bird with a downwards blow across the head. Erin saw Bird’s head jerk downwards and she heard a crack. The Worker’s carapace along the top of his head had broken from the impact.
“Bird!”
The shout came from more than one voice. Erin saw Bird stumble and drop his Wyvern wing. He reached for it.
“Ow. Revalantor Klbkch, why did you—”
“Be. Silent.”
Klbkch struck Bird again. Erin saw Bird cover his head with all four arms and crouch. Klbkch’s voice was thunderous.
“You are a fool. And you have disobeyed orders. You will not do so again.”
He raised his hand. Shock left Erin.
“Klbkch!”
Erin swung at Klbkch. He stopped striking at Bird and leaned back, effortlessly dodging Erin’s fist. She swung again and he knocked away her arm without even looking at her. He raised a fist as Bird shrank down—
And Relc smacked Klbkch. Erin saw a blur, saw Klbkch stumble and whirl. The two Senior Guardsmen stared at each other.
“Whoops. Sorry. I meant to hit you harder.”
Relc made a fist. Klbkch stared at him.
“Stay out of this. Relc. I am disciplining this—this krxsching, worthless thing for nearly starting a war.”
He turned and raised a first. This time Erin grabbed for Klbkch’s wrist. She missed. He was fast in his new body. Faster than she’d ever remembered. Klbkch stared at Erin.
“Get out of the way, Erin.”
“No. Stop hitting Bird!”
“He nearly started a war.”
“I just wanted to shoot the big birds.”
“Guardsman Klbkch, stand down!”
Zevara barked, but Klbkch ignored her. He was staring at Bird. Shaking with wrath. Erin saw Ishkr and Beza both standing behind Klbkch reaching for the Antinium and clearly deciding not to.
“Revalantor Klbkch!”
Pawn and the other Antinium surged forwards. They tried to block Bird, but they too stayed back from Klbkch. He was staring at them. Yellow Splatters walked in front of him. The other Antinium were tense. But Klbkch had one hand on his swords.
“Move. This is an order.”
“Revalantor—”
Erin saw the two strange Antinium staring at Klbkch, Pawn, Belgrade, Yellow Splatters and the other disobedient Antinium. Klbkch looked straight past them. At Bird. Erin hadn’t seen that look in his eyes. And she remembered.
They called him Klbkch the Slayer. It was that Antinium who was looking at her now. Not Senior Guardsman Klbkch, or Revalantor Klbkch.
Erin put out her arms, shielding Bird from Klbkch’s wrath. She saw Relc raise a fist—and hesitate as Klbkch looked at him. The Antinium’s hands were hovering over his hilts and Klbkch looked angrier than Erin had ever seen him.
“I know that! But hitting Bird is not the answer! Stop it or so help me, Klbkch, I will make you regret it!”
Erin clenched her fists. Klbkch hesitated. He stared at Erin for a long minute, and then whirled. He stalked past Relc, and the crowd parted before him instantly. He stopped at the door to Erin’s inn. Not the magical one. Klbkch looked over his shoulder. Straight at Erin and Bird.
“Antinium. Return to the Hive. Without Bird. If he enters Pallass again, I will kill him.”
Erin Solstice stared at Klbkch. Her oldest customer turned. The door opened and slammed shut. Wordlessly, Erin looked around. She looked at Bird as he rocked back and forth, covering his head. A trail of green blood ran from the spots where Klbkch had hit him.
