7.04
Page 0

“Is it war?”
Three words. An Antinium standing on a dead Wyvern. In the City of Invention. If you were writing a newspaper headline, you wouldn’t even need to think. But this was no report, a story to be written after the fact with all the little details.
It was happening live. Now. Bird stood, staring interestedly down at the rows of arrows aimed at him, the Drake [Mages] aiming wands and staves—even one of the ballistae on the walls had been swung around to cover him.
Not to mention Grimalkin, Chaldion, General Duln, and Saliss of Lights. The Antinium was surrounded, with no possibility of escape or victory.
And yet—he was Antinium. And the Hives waited. And the Walled Cities waited. Because if you bluffed well enough, the lie became the truth.
The Third Antinium War. Erin Solstice was frozen in place. She didn’t know what to do. Tackle Bird? Shout he was lying? Start throwing sad fire at people until everyone started crying?
Every idea ended with something going terribly wrong. This was not a minor incident. This was—it could be the third war to sweep Izril, the one that would plunge Liscor, the continent, everything Erin knew into a conflict that wouldn’t end with a single desperate battle against Wyverns or other monsters. Or even countless thousands of Goblin deaths.
“Is it war? Tell me, please. I am getting tired of waiting.”
Bird’s cheerful voice was hilarious if it weren’t so terrifying. Erin looked around. Everyone was frozen, but Noass and Sir Relz were still broadcasting the image of Bird. All eyes were on the actors of the scene.
Grimalkin, Chaldion, and Duln for Pallass. Bird for the Antinium. And…Erin. But aside from Bird, everyone was still, weighing the consequences. For the first time in her life, Erin was paralyzed. It was like playing chess blind and without knowing where any of the pieces were. And checkmate? Oh, that was just war.
All eyes slowly turned from Erin to Grimalkin, and then to General Duln. And then, almost naturally, to Chaldion. Because the Drake [Strategist] was the only one moving. His eyes were narrowed and he was glancing at Erin, at Bird, around the city. Assessing. Analyzing. But unlike Erin, he seemed to see a path.
Perhaps not to victory, but a route nevertheless. The world held its breath. At this moment, when the stakes were so high, where could you go from here? What would happen next? Because standing still forever wasn’t an option.
Bird was getting bored. And his cheerful innocence might provoke a stray arrow. Or more.
So Chaldion moved. The [Grand Strategist] turned, smoothly, and Erin felt her heart jerk in her chest. Every head snapped towards Chaldion. The Drake’s clawed hand rose, moving, pointing—
At Noass and Sir Relz. Chaldion spoke.
“Restrain those two. Confiscate the scrying mirror and break the scrying spell. [Mages], cast anti-divination wards. Now.”
Erin blinked. Noass and Sir Relz, the two [Commentators] who’d broadcast the battle blinked. The [Soldiers] and Watch, on a razor’s edge of anticipation, paused for only a second at the unexpected order, and then rushed at the two Drakes.
“Wait! You can’t do this! The world deserves to kn—”
Noass was tackled by three Drakes and a Gnoll. Sir Relz fought, and the aforementioned world saw a sea of faces grabbing for the mirror he held. The other Drake tried to shout.
“This isn’t right! We deserve freedom! Freedom of the, uh—”
