7.04
Page 15
The two excited Garuda stared up at Grimalkin. He looked at them. And finally, the surprise faded. Grimalkin looked at the lines, the line of students. Excited civilians, not military students. Just…people who wanted to learn. He drew himself up slowly.
“Well, of course. My magical sinew theory will work on anyone! I’m accepting new students. Do you—all want to join?”
“Yes!”
The exclamation came from hundreds of throats. And more were hurrying into the queue upon seeing Grimalkin’s face. The [Sinew Magus] stared. They’d surely wash out in days. Especially the two Garuda in front. But even if you had a 1%…no, even 0.1% success rate—and Grimalkin was sure he could manage at least 10%—how many gems would he find?
The Drake’s mind began to race. For the first time he looked on people motivated to seek him out. Who looked at him like…for the first time, Grimalkin began to think about setting limits on the numbers of his pupils, weeding out the best. The [Sinew Magus] smiled.
 
—-
 
Others found the new day to be a trial. Or rather, one Drake in particular. Saliss of Lights stood outside the Watch House on the 4th Floor. It was one of many, but the Drake was standing outside of this one.
Naked. Bare to his scales. Oh, and he was dancing. The [Alchemist] and Named Adventurer shook his rear, and his tail waved about on the cobblestones.
“Dance to the beat of a new day! Come on, people! Watch Captain, get loose and free!”
He hopped up and did a sideways dance left. People stared at him. Saliss was standing in the street, or rather, dancing across it, and the Watch House was located at a busy intersection on the 4th. But even after Saliss started doing high-kicks, no one stopped him.
Ordinarily, someone would have shouted for the Drake to cover up, or thrown something, or demanded the Watch lock Saliss away. At the very least, the [Guards] would have herded Saliss somewhere less public with a long-handled pole. But today, the [Guards] on duty just stared at Saliss with a kind of resigned sadness.
No one stopped the [Alchemist]. Even when he faced the Watch House and managed to invent twerking, or something close to it. None of the pedestrians shouted at the Named Adventurer either. Parents just covered their children’s eyes and hurried them along.
The hero of Pallass looked around after a few more minutes of dancing. He could see Watch Captain Qissa, who’d survived the battle, working in one window of the Watch House. She even met his eyes once. But she didn’t so much as react.
Saliss looked around. He struck a pose.
“How’re you doing today, sir?”
“Hello.”
A Dullahan walked right past Saliss with the same expression on his face. He even nodded his head at Saliss. The Drake paused. He looked around. It wasn’t exactly hero worship, but absolutely no one was giving him the stink-eye.
The Drake threw up his claws.
“This sucks. I’m going back home. I’ve got to make hundreds of potions—can’t even get arrested—what’s the world coming to? Prison’s great for focusing, but no…”
He stomped off, leaving the Watch House. He didn’t even harass anyone on the way back to his home and workshop on the 9th floor. Watch Captain Qissa, staring after Saliss inside the Watch House nearly dropped her mug of tea.
“That’s all it took?”
She shouted. But the Named Adventurer was gone.
 
—-
 
Changes in the city were one thing. But the true causality of yesterday’s events coalesced in late morning. Not on Pallass’ streets, but on the 5th Floor.
