7.04
Page 33
A chess board. Erin hadn’t noticed it as she slept. But there it was. The pieces glowed, a ghostly colors in the morning’s light. Erin stared at them thoughtfully.
Palt had noticed the board when he’d visited Erin’s inn. He’d asked how much the board would cost and then gave her an estimate when she hadn’t known. And it was just a feeling…
Erin looked at the second package. It was bulky, more ovoid with that packaged phenomenon. But it was vaguely…square. And she had a feeling, as strong as instinct. As strong as memory.
Slowly, Erin reached for Pelt’s knife. She sawed at the bindings, then stared at the knife. The packaging was just plain, dark brown wrapping paper tied with string tightly. Or so she thought. But she couldn’t cut the wrapping. Even with Pelt’s knife. Erin frowned.
“Hm.”
She reached for the strings. It was easy—all you had to do was pull and the strings came apart. For her. It was a complex little bow, which was probably why no other Runner had gotten the package open for a look. That and their Runner’s code.
Probably. Erin pulled at the brown wrapping. It came away, layer by layer. It was bulkier than the package. It didn’t need so many layers. But the original shape…
“Aha.”
Erin knew. She saw the rectangular board before she completely unveiled it. But she knew, she knew. And when she saw the perfectly round, white and black stones, she knew she was right.
The go board sat in front of Erin, on the table in her room, next to the chess board and a comfortable chair. It was magical. One look and Erin knew it was a twin to the chess board.
The Go stones were black and white. But they had that translucent, ghostly quality. They were real—Erin could feel them. But they were a mirror. They were sticking to the board, despite having been carried around by runners all the way to Liscor. That must be a new feature; whoever had commissioned the board must have been tired of little Gnolls hurling the game pieces everywhere.
The stones were lined up around the edges of the board. Normally, they’d be in little pots, and Erin saw two had been included. She tossed them in now. White and black, two colors, ready to play.
A Go board. Enchanted. Erin looked at it. She’d known it was that, but…who had sent it? Fals hadn’t known. Palt, for all he was an [Illusionist], hadn’t seen through the wrapping. Mrsha hadn’t smelled anything.
But it was here. A game board just like the one Erin had been sent, so long ago. Erin remembered the excitement, the mystery over finding it. This time…she just stared.
“Who…what am I supposed to do with you?”
She knew the answer. Play me. The board called to her. So did the chess board. It was rearranged to the last move of the game. Erin had stopped playing after the Creler attack. The chess board had been recovered from the rubble, but she had left her mysterious opponent, who was as good as she was, alone.
She’d never asked. She’d wondered, but Erin had simply loved playing the game. Enough to not wonder who it was. Well, and she hadn’t known how to look without causing a fuss.
If it had arrived two weeks and a few days ago, Erin might have been delighted and played a few games right then and there if she’d had time. Surely, she’d have unwrapped it downstairs with all to see. But today, Erin stared at the board.
“Who are you? What happens next?”
