7.04
Page 25
Ilvriss waited as Zail rifled through the papers. The Wall Lord blinked, his faded eyes tracing lines of Ilvriss’ neat handwriting, magically copied exactly.
“This—”
“That’s part of it. I’d like to expand the scope, though. Do I have permission to withdraw some of the heirlooms from Salazsar’s treasuries?”
Not just the Gemscale armories. The greatest of the Walled City’s treasures were even more heavily guarded. Zail recoiled.
“Withdraw…”
He hesitated, staring at the orb, Ilvriss’ proposals.
“You want to do this?”
“What would you have me do besides this? I will manage the heirlooms myself. And I plan on using money from the mining operations to fund all of it. As well as ask for a joint contribution.”
“Yes. But artifacts—”
Ilvriss’ father hesitated. But his eyes went back to the scrying orb. Bird’s form didn’t magically reappear, but it didn’t matter. Zail shuddered. He saw a nightmare. And Ilvriss felt guilty for using Bird. But—
“Go. I’ll get the key. Go—tell the others.”
Zail whispered, staring at the scrying orb. A memory. Ilvriss looked at his father, his sword half-drawn from his sheathe. The younger [Lord] paused, then he bowed and left.
 
—-
 
The thing about Erin. Ilvriss walked into the room where the other Holders of the Wall stood. Each bloodline had sent one representative, at least. The Holders of the Wall had a place to meet, in the ancient stone where the Walled City had first been hollowed out of the mountain. It was ancient, and glorious, and normally Ilvriss entered the place with reverence.
Not today. That was the Ilvriss of old. The new one was a stranger to these halls. But he walked with a purpose.
The thing about Erin Solstice that Ilvriss had learned was how to manage her. You had to react to Erin. You never knew where she could jump. She made mockeries of plans. Even by accident, she found herself at the heart of conflict. She didn’t start it, but she shaped it.
The thing about her was that you couldn’t wave your claws and scream in surprise or demand answers. You had to strike. She presented an opening, and Ilvriss reached for it.
“Ilvriss!”
Someone called out to Ilvriss in the rows of seats. He saw his sister, Navine Gemscale, glaring at him. Osthia must have kept her from meeting Ilvriss, because the younger Gemscale was furious. And suspicious. She was historically at odds with Ilvriss; the two had never seen eye-to-eye. The Gemscale family of four was split down the middle.
Zail Gemscale and his son were different from Helessia Gemscale and her daughter, Navine. They disagreed on topics like war, politics, the way Salazsar and Drakes should change. On Humans above all.
Well, until recently. Ilvriss nodded to Navine, but sat opposite her. The Holders of the Wall murmured as Navine glared; some came over, talking to Ilvriss as he readied himself. They were already debating, although no one had claimed the floor yet.
“Ilvriss. You saw what happened yesterday? What a disaster.”
Wall Lord Brilm, a continual drinker and fascinated collector of what was new and trending was the first to approach Ilvriss. He was shaken—as shaken as many of the other Holders of the Wall.
They had seen Antinium only a few times, during war. And the sight of one inside a Walled City had rattled them. Ilvriss nodded to Brilm.
“A disaster. The Wyvern attack should not have reached Pallass. It was only luck that they repelled the attack so well. But if they hadn’t had Grimalkin of Pallass or Saliss of Lights—”
