7.04
Page 23
“It never came up, Wall Lord.”
Ilvriss glanced at Alrric’s face thoughtfully. And now he was on the back claw. Paw. Foot. Whatever. He shook his head again.
“No. I doubt it ever would have. We will have to talk, Alrric. I wonder how many suggestions you had that you’d never have run by me a month ago.”
He put his claws on the door. Alrric, staring at Ilvriss, looked at the desk and then at the Drake. He called out as Ilvriss flung his office door open.
“What happened to you in Liscor, Ilvriss? When you left?”
Everyone knew something. But Ilvriss hadn’t told anyone directly. Everyone ‘knew’, but it had never come from the Wall Lord’s mouth himself. Now, the Drake [Lord] turned. He looked at Alrric.
“I saw my love die, and the Tidebreaker die hundreds of miles from the nearest Drake army. I met an idiot, and I quit drinking.”
Then he turned away. Ilvriss shut the door quietly. Alrric stared at it, and then looked around the office. He blinked.
“That would about do it, yes.”
The Gnoll looked at Ilvriss’ desk. He walked around it, and stared at the seat. Then, slowly, he pulled out the chair and got to work.
 
—-
 
Wall Lord Ilvriss strode across the spires and upper walkways of Salazsar. Power climbed, at least in the City of Gems. He could look down and stare into his city, built into the side of a mountain. Salazsar, the lone Walled City that kept building itself, year by year, century by century, was vast. Sprawling. Magnificent.
And also—complacent. Ilvriss saw it in the grand towers, decorated and beautiful. In the anxiety of the people who called out to him. In his family, his fellow Holders of the Wall. The Drake saw it in his city and he disliked it.
Complacency. How had he not seen it before? He had been blind, but now Ilvriss felt like he was staring at a different world. It wasn’t just Erin Solstice that had changed his perception either. She was just a catalyst. For the rest—no—Ilvriss wouldn’t have been able to see what he needed to become if he hadn’t seen the very icon of it, been lectured by him himself.
Zel Shivertail. The hero of the Antinium Wars. The Tidebreaker.
“Grimalkin of Pallass is bigger than Shivertail. But he is a poor copy. If Shivertail stood on those walls?”
Ilvriss tried to imagine that scene. It would be similar. But—
“If he stood on those walls, that Antinium would have never gotten away with his bluff.”
The Wall Lord shook his head. He could almost see it. That damned Drake’s back. But Zel was dead. Slain.
Dead. But not forgotten. Never forgotten. His shadow loomed over Ilvriss, a reminder. And a word came to Ilvriss’ lips that he would never speak, not even as he walked in his secure home.
Az’kerash. The Necromancer.
Ilvriss had one enemy. Only one. The Antinium, the Humans, all took a back seat to the Necromancer. But Ilvriss’ foe was elusive. His reach might be anywhere. Ilvriss trusted so few—
“Wall Lord.”
“Ah, Captain Shieldscale.”
One of them saluted Ilvriss now. Osthia Blackwing, disguised as the blue-scaled Captain Shieldscale, fell into step with the Wall Lord. She had been promoted to the his head of his private armed forces. Ilvriss knew people were already speculating about her relationship with him, or the other reasons he might have employed her.
Let them talk. Right now, Ilvriss was focused. He nodded to Osthia and murmured.
“Is my father in his quarters? I need to speak with him, and then get to the meeting with the Holders of the Wall.”
“He is. About yesterday. That Antinium—”
