7.04
Page 5
She caught herself. And so did Erin. The [Innkeeper] looked at the others. And she realized this was the moment. Erin let go. She stood in her inn, and inhaled. Her inn.
It was strange and unfamiliar. But home. And she saw faces she knew. Erin smiled as Bird stood up. She looked around and breathed out. There was a way to do it, after all.
“Hey Lyonette. Numbtongue. Mrsha. I’m back.”
They looked at her. And then Lyonette smiled.
“Hi. Did you have a good holiday, Erin?”
The young woman hesitated. She looked around her inn and shrugged. It was a Goblin’s shrug, which meant everything. Numbtongue grinned. Mrsha wagged her tail. Erin Solstice scratched the back of her head.
“Eh, it was okay. Sort of boring. Right up until the end.”
 
—-
 
After all was said and done, Erin found herself eating a sandwich. Grilled cheese. With a bit of ham in the middle with the cheese. A nice, sharp cheese too. Erin hadn’t realized she’d needed food, but Lyonette had learned from her.
Food was a comfort thing. And Erin hadn’t eaten since…this morning. Between Pelt and prison and Wyvern attacks, she’d missed out on food—even in Tails and Scales! Erin’s breakfast of grilled fish was a long way away, and Erin found herself scarfing down the food.
“Here. A drink. Good job, Mrsha!”
Mrsha brought over the glass of goat’s milk, not spilling a drop. Erin drank gratefully. People were still in her inn—she noticed a familiar trio of [Mages], a Human, a Centaur, and a Minotauress, as well as her staff, a number of guests, and a few unfamiliar new ones, but no one was coming over.
They all were willing to gossip or debate the incident in Pallass, and Erin was keeping them away, whether they knew it or not. It was Numbtongue, Mrsha, Drassi, Ishkr, and Bird and Apista who could get close. And Lyonette, of course. The [Princess] had brought out the sandwich after heating it up and she was directing the staff flawlessly.
“Lykr, before the tables are cleared up, check for coins. Anyone who hasn’t paid—make a list! You have [Server’s Memory]—you do the list, everyone else clear only the tables Lykr’s done with! I need Ississi in the kitchen for dishes…”
“Who’s Ississi?”
Erin looked around vaguely. She saw a Drake with cream-colored scales trotting into the kitchen. Erin blinked at her.
“Do I know her?”
“She’s a [Dishwasher Cleaner]. Specific class, I know. But she’s good at her job. I hired her and she can clear the inn’s dirty dishes faster than anyone else. And clean the floors almost as well.”
Erin blinked. She saw Lykr, the Gnoll with striped black and chestnut fur walking over to the tables.
“And him? Do I know him? I do, right?”
“Yup. Lykr gained a new Skill.”
Lyonette nodded. Erin knew all of the staff’s names, but no one as well as Drassi and Ishkr. And Drassi hurried back through the double doors leading to the trapped-out hallway at that very moment.
“Lyonette! Erin! Okay, word on the street is that Pallass sent an all-clear. Which is putting most of the city in a panic because they didn’t have scrying orbs! Word’s spreading—it’s chaos out there! I have to get out there and share what happened!”
“Later. Anything else from Pallass, Drassi? What about us? Bird?”
The [Gossip] came over to the table as Lyonette shook her head. The [Gossip] shrugged.
“The Watch House is full of [Guards], but all they told me is that Zevara’s sending [Messages] like crazy and the Council is too. They’re trying to make sense of it all, but Zevara isn’t sending [Guards] to arrest anyone. She said that’s the last thing they need, apparently.”
“So no one’s in trouble?”
