7.04
Page 27
He walked off to his seat, and to confer with some others. Ilvriss waited, talking to others, distributing the papers around. Navine had a hold of one, he saw, and she stared at Ilvriss’ words and then glared up at him. But before she could make her way over to them, the Holders of the Wall heard a voice.
“It’s time. Is every representative here?”
An old Drake, Wall Lord Calistoca, took the center of the room. She looked around. The Wall Lords and Ladies present slowly turned, and sat. This was how they ruled, the leadership of Salazsar. They presented their rings. Copper and brass, disguised, turned to gold. The rings glowed. Ilvriss lifted his claw, but his ring was missing. He saw Navine and some of the others looking at him sharply, but the golden magic that worked only in this room still illuminated him.
No one could stand in this room whose heart did not belong to Salazsar. The glow faded, and the Holders of the Wall spoke. They needed no solemn vows, or oaths of fealty. Their presence alone was enough.
“Complacency.”
The word was an echo of Ilvriss’ thoughts. He stared as Calistoca, oldest of those gathered, hissed across the room. The Drakes here could speak at will, but they let each other speak by turns. She opened with that word.
“The Walled Cities have known peace! But today we saw an Antinium on the walls of Pallass. One, but it named itself. It called itself—Bird the Hunter.”
“We saw a Human too. Aiding it.”
A Wall Lord to Ilvriss’ left spoke up. The room was divided into camps. Ilvriss, traditionalist,  a supporter of Salazsar’s superiority and conflict with Humans, and any number of stances—in the past—was directly opposite Navine. Brilm was closer to the middle. Tasilt sat more on Navine’s side. She and some of the others glared at the Wall Lord who’d spoken.
“We saw a Human, which is part of what we’re discussing. Who was that?”
“Never mind the Wyverns, eh?”
Brilm joked. Some of his peers glared at him too. Voices sprang up, worried, thoughtful, agitated.
“What do we know about the battle?”
“Aside from what we saw, you mean? There’s no information about that Human—”
“Erin Solstice.”
“Weird name. No information about her, or that Antinium. Bird the Hunter.”
“A Prognugator? How has Liscor not informed us of it? What are they doing?”
“They’re all mad. I told you. The border city’s gone cracked, and this just proves it. We nearly went to war over them—it’s Pallass’ domain, but that city can’t even keep a hold over its walls—”
“What are the other Walled Cities saying?”
“Well, Manus is giving orders. They want a full investigation, Pallass to do wall drills—”
“Hah! Those were Frost Wyverns. I found a bestiary and heard the accounts. They blasted everything off the walls—they had less than a minute to react. That was just bad luck.”
“Well, it’s still idiotic and a disgrace. What about the Human? And the Antinium?”
“Manus wants more funds.”
“Do they? How incredible! I’d never have imagined it! I’m being sarcastic, by the way.”
“Well, someone has to do something. Fissival’s put forwards a proposal to increase our military spending across all the Walled Cities by another ten percent—”
“Which does what, exactly? We’re already stalemated with the Antinium. Let’s just fund Manus. They can hire a few [Geomancers] to cast [Earthquake] on the Hives. Something serious so they know we mean business this time.”
“You’ve read the reports. The spells don’t do as much damage anymore. And each time we do that, the Antinium always retaliate. Our border lines—”
