7.04
Page 1
They weren’t quite there. Part of them knew the tune, but not the words. The two Drakes disappeared—the viewers got an earful of shouting, scrabbling, swearing—and then the sight of a Gnoll staring directly into the mirror.
The projection vanished. And everyone was left to wonder ‘what happened next?’. Many waited, tense, demanding a [Message] spell from Pallass, seeking someone who knew. They experienced uncertainty, and for the first time cursed a world in which information wasn’t instantaneous and readily available. And this was a world in which Couriers and Runners still delivered information by foot.
In the end, what the world got wasn’t a confirmation of war or anything else. It was simply a broadcasted message, written thusly from Pallass itself, to go along with the myriad of reports by people who had seen or allegedly seen the entire thing:
 
Antinium repatriated to Liscor without incident under Pallassian authority. Restoration and damage assessments of Pallass underway. The Walled City stands.
 
It wasn’t quite as bold as brass. And it wasn’t as clear as anyone wanted. But one thing was certain: the war was off. But the echoes of that moment kept bouncing around the world hours, even a day afterwards.
And coincidentally, almost as a byproduct of it all—
Erin Solstice came home.
 
—-
 
“Move, move, move! Get through that door now! Make sure it’s charged, [Mages]!”
“Stop yelling! Stop yelling! And stop poking me!”
The Wandering Inn’s doorway was full of bodies. Then, shouting. And then a young woman came hurtling through the door. Erin Solstice found herself stumbling out of Pallass and into an unfamiliar hallway. She turned and saw Olesm nearly fly through after her. Relc came after, prodded by a sea of spears. And then Bird.
The Antinium wasn’t being poked, but the [Soldiers] were cajoling him to move as they bellowed threats, orders, and pointed. The Antinium walked through the door and Erin saw he was carrying a wing.
Or—part of one. The Antinium was trying to gnaw at the meaty portion of the wing he’d somehow managed to sever from a Wyvern. He also appeared to be largely unconcerned as he walked into the inn.
“Thank you. May I have more of the big birds later? Please and th—”
The door slammed shut. Erin Solstice stared at the door, and then around. Relc, Olesm, Bird—the adventurers from Pallass hadn’t been included, but all four of Liscor’s residents had been herded into the door at incredible speed. Per Chaldion’s order.
“Wow.”
That was all Erin said. Her knees were still weak. She looked around. This was—a hallway? It felt funky to her. Off, somehow. Why were there little narrow windows in the walls? And what was up with—she felt the holes in the ceiling. And someone had made a hollow space under the floorboards, there!
What was up with this place? But also—Erin felt a sudden, incredible connection. Because it was new to her, but she had felt it being built.
It was her inn. And she was back home. Erin Solstice looked around. Relc stared at Erin, and then Bird. Olesm got up from where he’d been thrown.
“Ancestors. We’re alive. It was nearly—I think I saw the Third Antinium Wars. And my entire life flash before my eyes. I—I’ve played a bit too much chess. I should have been studying.”
“There’s no such thing.”
Erin muttered. She looked at Relc. The Drake was blinking.
“Um. Hey. You.”
“Hey, Relc. You came through the door?”
“Well, you know. I love a good fight. That giant Wyvern was tough, though. Even my [Relc Punch] didn’t work on it. But hey, maybe I’ll level—”
