7.04
Page 34
Outside of her inn, she was certain, people were moving. They were thinking of what they’d seen. And they’d seen her. Even if she wasn’t aware of it yet, part of Erin was. The world had moved during the Wyvern attack. And events were starting to include her. That Human. Erin Solstice. Palt was only the start.
“I just wanted a vacation. I wanted it to be simple.”
Erin Solstice looked at the board. She looked up. So much was going to happen. She couldn’t play the same game like she had last year. She looked at the chess board and shook her head.
Here was the thing. Erin wasn’t a good Go player. She was…good. Probably better than most people in her world. Because she practiced and knew the game. But she wasn’t one of the best at it. And she was at chess. That was the truth of it.
But Go was different. Some people said more complex, and Erin was willing to admit it was in some ways. She liked chess more, but Erin liked strategy games on the board, like this. She stared at the board.
All you had to do was place a stone. Black stones went first in Go, unlike chess. And when Erin put down a stone, usually in the corners, she’d wait for the opponent to place a stone. Her goal was to take as much territory—the squares on the board—as possible. Her opponent would try to box her in, and thus take her stones.
It was a game about territory, control. Just like chess. Or shogi. Or any other game Erin knew. Control, pieces on the board—each game was different and the same.
“Erin! I’m bored! I want pasta!”
Relc shouted up at Erin. She heard more voices from downstairs. Erin looked at the board.
The thing about Go—the thing about any game like this—was that two people had to play. You could play against yourself of course, but one person had to start. Then the other could lead. Whoever had sent her the board had waited. Waited for her to continue their game of chess, to place the stone on the Go board.
If Erin waited forever, neither game would continue. But you couldn’t do that. There were rules. Time limit, etiquette towards other players…and if she waited too long here, Relc would storm up the stairs.
You had to move. You had to keep moving, even if you didn’t know what was the right thing to do. Erin felt the world moving, felt the invisible pieces landing around her. She was just a pawn on someone else’s board, the grand board of the world. She couldn’t see the hand that moved her. Or where she was pushing herself.
But right now she had a choice. Erin squatted by the board. It was summer. She listened to Relc shouting for pasta. Looked out the window at the Floodplains, listened to the far-off sounds of events taking shape, people making plans—and she made her move.
Erin Solstice slowly picked up a piece and put it on the go board. The black stone glittered in the sun, magical and ghostly. Erin Solstice looked at it. She nodded.
“4-4 . Classic.”
The upper left corner of the board had a single black stone. Waiting for another player to move. Somewhere, Erin’s opponent would surely see it in time and play their move. Erin knew that. And they’d play a great game, probably.
“Probably.”
Erin Solstice looked at the black stones in her bowl. And slowly, carefully, she picked up a second stone. She looked at it, and then she broke the rules.
A second black stone joined the first. It wasn’t even on the intersections on the lines! Erin Solstice looked at the second black stone, standing in defiance of the rules of the game, and nodded. She picked up another stone. And then another.
