7.04
Page 21
“Ilvriss? Wall Lord?”
Alrric, the [Administrator] of the Gemscale holdings and second to Ilvriss in the matters of his business, opened the office door. He stared down at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord was sitting in his chair. But the chair had fallen backwards onto the carpet of the office.
“Are you all right, Wall Lord?”
“Merely expressing my emotions towards the battle, Alrric.”
“Ah.”
The Gnoll watched as Ilvriss got up and pulled his chair up. He eyed Ilvriss oddly. It was rare to see Ilvriss Gemscale, the dignified, handsome, proud Wall Lord of Salazsar do anything that might embarrass himself, and thus, his city. But Ilvriss had changed since returning home.
Everyone knew it. Oh, he’d hosted parties and reentered Salazsar’s highest society, but the Wall Lord was changed to anyone who was familiar with him. Alrric, as someone who met with Ilvriss on a regular basis, saw it even more especially. But the Gnoll just nodded.
“A dramatic battle. And that—Antinium. Bird the Hunter.”
Straight-faced, Ilvriss stood behind his chair. He was going to have to say that without laughing.
“Exactly. It’s not a matter to take lightly. I’m going to be busy today, Alrric.”
“Anything in store for me?”
The Gnoll walked over to Ilvriss’ neat desk. The Wall Lord had a sheaf of papers, all magically transcribed. Ilvriss picked them up and nodded before Alrric could see the contents.
“The Holders of the Walls will be convening. All of them. Later today. I shall be joining them—but before that, I will be conferring with my family.”
“Obviously. I’ll manage things today.”
The Gnoll nodded. He was one of the most powerful Gnolls in Salazsar, as the [Administrator] behind the Gemscale holdings. But there was power and power. Ilvriss was a Wall Lord. He and his peers ruled Salazsar.
They had no Assembly of Crafts, no senate. Nor did they have a Dragonspeaker, or a matriarch like the other Walled Cities. They had never changed their rulership. Salazsar had been founded by the Wall Lords and the Walled Ladies and it was still theirs. Such was Salazsar. Tradition, gemstones, and pride.
“Is it war, Wall Lord?”
Again, Ilvriss nearly laughed. But he turned it into a bitter quirk of the lips.
“Do you think the Walled Cities are ready for it, Alrric?”
The question surprised the Gnoll. He peered at Ilvriss.
“I would have thought you’d have assured me the Walled Cities were ready to stamp out the Antinium threat, Wall Lord. And I’d have assumed so, before what I saw yesterday. What will you decide?”
“I have a plan. Which doesn’t involve war yet.”
Ilvriss indicated the sheaf of papers. He sighed.
“I can’t say more, yet. I’ll let you take charge, Alrric. But before that—we need to talk funding.”
“Ah.”
The Gnoll’s eyes sharpened. This at least, he knew quite well. The [Administrator] saw Ilvriss check his notes, and then find a paper and offer it to the Gnoll. Alrric read and his brows rose. Ilvriss nodded.
“Can you sequester the funds, Alrric? Without slowing operations or making it an obvious withdrawal?”
“I assume this isn’t a one-time cost?”
“It’s per month.”
“Of course.”
Alrric sighed. It was not an easy sum to manage. But it never was, in his position. He didn’t ask Ilvriss what it was for. He just did math. Ilvriss saw Alrric’s paws twitching, as if he was using the abacus. Ilvriss had one on his desk too. At last, Alrric nodded.
“I can do it. If you let me sell the rights to the opal shafts.”
“Sell them?”
Ilvriss’ brows shot together. The [Administrator] nodded.
