7.04
Page 13
Erin called out, but it was dark. Moonlight from two moons and the stars was the only illumination in the dark room. Erin looked around. Where had everyone gone?
She was so tired. The [Innkeeper] blinked. She looked around. Well, maybe they were all tired. The young woman yawned. That pillow was suctioning her head right back down. She stared up at the ceiling. A new ceiling. A new inn. New worries.
But even so, Erin smiled. At least she was back. She was back. And that was alright. The rest could come tomorrow.
“What a day. What—”
Erin passed out before her head hit the pillow.
 
—-
 
Pallass watched the Antinium leave. And the Human. The streets still rang with the shock. An Antinium! But they were expelled, the 1st Army herding the Liscorians through the door. For a moment, they were gone, out of sight. If not out of mind.
And then—it was over. After the trials, the tribulations, and not least, the Antinium, it had ended. And while the world was left to speculate over the news, the people of Pallass who weren’t the movers or shakers or leaders or anyone of importance found themselves doing something else entirely besides worrying.
Evening bled into the night. Exhausted [Soldiers] slept. And indeed, even into the darkness people were scrambling to help [Healers], repair the worst damage. And find the wounded. It was the work of necessity that pushed other concerns to the side. Searching through the rubble of a buried house. Listening for a baby’s cries.
Heartbreaking work. And boring work. They could mix. Burying bodies. Searching for loved ones. Counting the dead. And it was familiar to Erin, but new to many of Pallass.
Yet it was the next day that brought surprises. And Pallass’ citizens, some who had had very little sleep, others who had worked through the night, rose and found themselves at work a second day.
They were doing what all people who endured disaster inevitably did. After the mourning—no, amid it—and between the emergencies and blaming, there was just…cleanup.
Cleaning. It wasn’t something people thought about. But there was masonry on the streets. Blood on the walls. Scorch marks to be removed, oh, and yes.
Wyvern corpses. Hundreds of them. Some had been hauled into warehouses filled with runes of preservation, but moving the Wyverns had been a low priority yesterday. Now, it was rising on the list.
The Wyverns stank. They were rotting—some of them—and bugs were attracted to the decomposing flesh. Ironically, the Wyverns struck by lightning or killed in non-obvious ways were in the best of shape; their bodies hadn’t begun to rot nearly as much as those cut apart.
Even so, Wyverns. Pallass saw every [Butcher], [Tanner], [Hideworker], [Armorer], [Hunter], [Trapper] and specialist in hides at work in the early morning. They were trying to remove Wyvern hides before they rotted, or salvage meat from the corpses. After all, Wyverns were money. And Pallass was the City of Invention.
Cleaning, corpse disposal—and repairs. [Engineers] and [Builders] surveyed damaged streets and houses. And it had to be said, as the Wyverns were dissected, more people saw opportunity in the monster’s corpses. Teeth could be used for arrowheads. Wyvern leather—aside from protection—might be a trendy accessory. A reminder, a mark of pride.
There was work for [Healers], tending to the wounded. Countless potential for [Laborers] who were sorely needed to help dispose of the bodies. Even for [Gravediggers]. A surplus of jobs in fact. If it weren’t for the fact that people had died, this might have been a good day for Pallass.
