7.04
Page 30
“It’s just a waste of gold. It’ll be another drain on our coffers…”
“Say that to Pallass. Did you or did you not see it being attacked? And that Antinium?”
“We can’t authorize this! If the other Walled Cities get wind of this—listen to me! Leaving this in Ilvriss’ discretion—”
“Not his alone. You can read, can’t you? It says joint command. But I like the sound of a secret project like this. And if there is a war…”
Ilvriss waited. He met Navine’s eyes as she glared at him. She looked down at the papers for a moment.
“And what do you call this grand proposal, Ilvriss?”
He told her. Navine stared at him. And for a moment she faltered. The other Drakes stared at Ilvriss, but no one commented on it. Ilvriss nodded. Let them think what it meant. The name had a deeper meaning.
“I believe it’s time for a vote. All in favor?”
The Holders debated. Hands rose and Ilvriss counted. Oh yes. It would pass. In this room, at this moment? The shaken Holders of the Wall would vote him some of what he wanted. Not all. And Navine would try and block him. She had her own plans. But Ilvriss would have his secret project, gathering an elite force that may or may not be used against all of Salazsar’s enemies…or just the Antinium.
He gave it a week, two on the outside before someone blabbed and all the Walled Cities heard about it. It would be an open secret; you couldn’t hide this. No doubt Az’kerash would hear of it too, somehow.
Well, here went brave Wall Lord Ilvriss, preparing to assail the Antinium. He’d go around, beating a war drum and coincidentally, visit other cities. Ilvriss had an excuse. It would be messy, and it would be political. But he’d have a reason to travel.
And that’s when his work, and Osthia’s would really begin. Ilvriss nodded as the Holders of the Wall began to vote. He saw Navine glaring at him, Tasilt watching Ilvriss as he voted ‘yea’. One was his sister, the other a friend Ilvriss had grown to respect more and more after his trials at Liscor.
But could he trust any of them? Could he trust anyone? Az’kerash hung in the air, a shadow in the light. Ilvriss paused. He’d find the traitors. And build…
Not a shadow army. Nor a secret force. That was stupid. You couldn’t hide [Soldiers]. But you could hide a conspiracy. One of the people who knew the truth.
The motion passed. Ilvriss sighed as the Holders began to debate the terms of the plan, how much gold would go to him. Step one completed. All thanks to Erin Solstice. Ilvriss had a list he’d written down. It was so secret only two Drakes in the world knew about it. It was a list he was going to check and double check until he had enough people to march on that forest and burn it and the Necromancer to the ground.
And all that stood in his way were the other Walled Cities, the Antinium, the Humans—and other Drakes who might be traitors or just well-intentioned. Ilvriss sighed. But as he left the secret meeting, at least he had one thing.
Project Periss was underway.
 
—-
 
The next day, Erin Solstice woke up late. She was hungry, groggy, and the entire world wanted a piece of her.
Well…actually…the inn was quiet. No one had popped over to scream at her. Erin felt that was very disturbing. People wanted to see her, of course. Relc was there. Selys, Krshia—but there was no Zevara here to twist off Erin’s head and arrest Bird.
“What’s wrong with the world?”
Erin wondered aloud as she had a porridge breakfast. Mrsha sniffed at her bowl and agreed. Not worth stealing. She shook her head sadly at Erin and turned away.
