7.04
Page 20
Grimalkin considered it. Whatever would be done, he was going to caution prudence. No radical moves. But of a certainty, he was going to move Erin up on his priority list. He suspected he wouldn’t be the only one. But carefully. Very carefully…
“Erin Solstice is odd. An enigma in many ways. But you are correct, Captain. She isn’t as important as the Antinium Hive in Liscor, or even many individuals or organizations the Walled Cities have to deal with. She knows many people, and that is her worth. That’s the power of an [Innkeeper].”
“Right. She didn’t slay any Wyverns herself this battle. But she employs Bird.”
Bevussa nodded a few times. Grimalkin nodded as well.
“She’s part of a puzzle. A keystone. A useful ally, or an unpredictable force multiplier for good or ill.”
He paused.
“Even then, her power isn’t everything. She can sway events, not change them by herself. Erin Solstice is not Saliss of Lights. Saliss could break an army of Antinium by himself. Like Zel Shivertail, he makes up the Walled Cities as much as the walls themselves. He is irreplaceable.”
The door opened. Grimalkin saw someone waving at Bevussa. She stood up uncertainly, and Grimalkin walked towards the door. Say his part. He looked at Bevussa and his thoughts came together. The [Sinew Magus] turned his head as the inner circle of Pallass’ leadership looked at him. He spoke to Bevussa.
“Erin Solstice is not Saliss of Lights. But she might be one day. The only question is—whose?”
Then Grimalkin turned and walked forwards.
 
—-
 
The best laid plans of Drakes and Gnolls…had nothing in them that accounted for Erin Solstice. They had no idea who she was, what she could do. She was a wildcard in a game that had no idea you could cheat like that.
In a way, Ilvriss felt bad for the Walled Cities. He knew they were already trying to put her in their square holes and they had no idea what kind of shape she was.
Neither did he, honestly. But he knew the Walled Cities. The Wall Lord of Salazsar sat in his office and guessed what they might do.
“First debate. Manus’ war councils, Pallass’ inner circles, Zeres’ admirals, Oteslia’s matriarch…Fissival’s idiots…”
Yes, he knew the Walled Cities. They were predictable, at least. Each city was assessing, convening their leadership. And that was, again, just the Walled Cities. Ilvriss guessed that the Humans and even other nations might be making plans off what they’d seen.
But they had no idea. None at all. They thought they knew, and perhaps some in Pallass had learned what Erin Solstice was. But few others did. They had no idea about the hilarious, disastrous…
“Bird the Hunter.”
Ilvriss closed his eyes. The purple-scaled Drake sat back in his chair. It was already spreading. Bird the Hunter’s name was being etched into security briefings, [Strategist]’s notes. Who was this new Prognugator? As dangerous as Xrn the Small Queen, or Klbkch the Slayer? Wrymvr the Deathless? Surely so, for he had a name.
They’d be asking questions. About Erin, too. The Human who knew a Prognugator. Erin Solstice, who’d they’d finally connect with the small, but entertaining incidents around Liscor. A girl who’d led a Goblin army. Employed Hobgoblins?
Erin Solstice, possible enemy of the Walled Cities. Erin Solstice, the enigmatic, mysterious force to be appraised. Erin Solstice, connected to the dangerous, unpredictable new Prognugator.
Bird the Hunter.
Ilvriss couldn’t take it anymore. He began to laugh, caught himself, slammed his head—lightly—onto his desk, and then let out a guffaw.
That was an appropriate response. Aside from weeping.
