7.04
Page 12
Now, though, Numbtongue just stood in Bird’s room. The Worker stared back. At last, the [Bard] nodded again.
“Stood in Pallass. Made lots of others upset.”
“Yes. But it was not war.”
Bird realized that might be why Erin and Lyonette were upset. But Ksmvr had assured Bird it was a good bluff. It had worked. Therefore, statistically, it had a 100% success rate. Among three cases. Even so, Bird was vaguely aware that might have been a bad thing.
But the Hobgoblin didn’t seem to mind. He was smiling.
“Antinium stood in Pallass. First time. Like a Goblin in Liscor.”
“Yes. It makes people very upset.”
Bird looked at Numbtongue. The Goblin grinned. Two members of a species who were banned from civilization looked at each other. And then Numbtongue pulled his arms out from behind his back.
He showed Bird what he had in his claws. The Antinium stared and his mandibles opened. Numbtongue had a bottle of Firebreath Whiskey—and Bird’s Wyvern snack, both confiscated from downstairs when no one was watching.
“But that is forbidden.”
“Secret.”
The Hobgoblin grinned. He pulled the chair over to the door and wedged it under the handle. Then he sat down. Bird sat too. Numbtongue gave him the wing. Bird stared at it, and then at Numbtongue.
“You are a good Goblin.”
“Redfang.”
Numbtongue tapped his chest. Bird tapped it too, gently. Numbtongue laughed. He held out a fist to bump. Bird hesitated. Then bumped fists as the Hobgoblin grinned and produced two cups to drink from.
“I like you very much, Numbtongue.”
The Hobgoblin grinned and laughed. And the two of them found they were friends.
 
—-
 
Below, Erin Solstice didn’t notice the wing vanishing. Her head was spinning. Now that Bird was…reprimanded, she found other people coming over to her. Her Skill had ended, and they wanted to talk to her.
She wanted to talk to them! Erin saw familiar faces. No Horns. No Ceria or Pisces or Yvlon or Ksmvr—that hurt. But she had seen them off, two weeks ago. And there were so many people she did know.
And so much to say! Erin found herself telling people about her new Skill—and Pelt—the parts that wouldn’t embarrass the Dwarf—and the attack—in between hearing what had happened in Liscor.
“Wait. The new city’s being built? Humans? More Humans than just me? Where? You’re living in Liscor! No way!”
Erin’s jaw dropped as a family from Esthelm introduced themselves. They were staring at her like she was at them. Wide-eyed. And Selys was telling Erin she was buying land?
It was too much to take in, honestly. Erin felt like she was swimming through the faces and voices. She didn’t even realize how late it was until Lyonette’s voice cut through the chatter.
“Thank you, everyone! But Erin’s too tired for more! Thank you! You can all come back tomorrow! We’ll be open bright and early!”
Everyone protested. But Erin saw Lyonette herd them towards the door. She was still using her aura. When had she learned that? Erin found Mrsha pushing a cup of water into her hands. She drank. Lyonette appeared next to Erin.
“They’ll want a piece of you later. I bet the Council and Zevara and everyone else in Pallass is trying to figure out what to do, but they’re probably still weighing their options. For now—the second floor has a few rooms done. Yours was first. Here. Let’s show you. Mrsha?”
She helped Erin up. Mrsha tried to take Erin’s other side, but she was too short. So instead, she raced up the steps and opened the first door. Erin blinked at the lovely room as Drassi took Erin’s other arm. She didn’t even realize she was lying in bed for a moment.
“Hey! I’m totally awake!”
