7.04
Page 17
The Garuda nodded. The two stared at each other for a moment and then both glanced at the sealed door. Bevussa shifted her talons.
“Magus? Refreshments. And for you, Adventurer. It’s an honor, sir—”
One of the [Soldiers] appeared with a tray of food. Grimalkin accepted it, and shook the other Drake’s hand. So did Bevussa. She eyed Grimalkin as he inspected the tray. Fruits, Gnollish dumplings—Grimalkin forgot the name—he selected some hard-boiled eggs and chewed one down without even bothering to add salt or pepper from the bowl.
It looked like they’d grabbed whatever they could. Grimalkin hoped he wasn’t eating someone’s lunch, but he had to keep eating to grow muscle. And bags of holding were not allowed in Pallass’ inner sanctum. Bevussa indicated the tray.
“You don’t mind if I…?”
“Help yourself.”
She selected some fruits and began peeling an orange. Fresh, probably from Oteslia.
“So you were called to testify, Magus? I shouldn’t be surprised. Sorry. I’m just a little nervous. I’ve never been here.”
She indicated the rooms of stone. Grimalkin recalled that Garuda were naturally claustrophobic, which probably didn’t help Bevussa at this moment. He nodded.
“Would you like a calming spell?”
“Oh, no—I’m fine. Plus, it would probably set off half a dozen alarms, wouldn’t it?”
“We are being monitored. But I can cast magic if need be. You needn’t worry, Captain Bevussa. This is just questioning. Not an arraignment.”
“A—of course. It’s just…”
Bevussa nodded towards the door. Grimalkin nodded. He knew what lay beyond. Not specifically, but he could guess.
While the Assembly of Crafts debated, another body of leadership in Pallass was also thinking over what they’d just witnessed. Of course, Pallass was a democracy. But it was also a Drake city. And that meant the military weighed in on decisions that were a threat to Pallass’ safety.
The door opened suddenly. Bevussa started. Grimalkin heard a flurry of voices. Then someone marched out.
“Keldrass.”
The Drake paused, seeing Grimalkin. The [Sinew Magus] looked past him into the room. He saw a group of conferring people.
Some of the more influential [Senators], three of Pallass’ [Generals], Chaldion and two other [Strategists], the [Lead Engineer] responsible for the elevator system in Pallass, three Watch Captains—and a few more faces Grimalkin and Bevussa recognized.
Names. This group made up a…not higher command than the Assembly, but a group of people who would decide what needed to be done. Along with, or parallel to whatever the Assembly of Crafts came up with.
“Magus.”
Keldrass saluted Grimalkin reflexively. Grimalkin stood up, but the door closed just as quickly as a Garuda walked out.
“Captain Keldrass, thank you for your time. Magus, Adventurer, I apologize, but you’ll have to wait for the command to organize their thoughts.”
“By all means.”
Grimalkin paused to shake Keldrass’ clawed hand. Bevussa looked like she wanted to ask questions, but the Gold-rank Captain was escorted from the room before they could talk. That left Bevussa and Grimalkin.
“We may be here a while. As much as an hour for you.”
“Really?”
Grimalkin nodded. He wished he’d brought a book. But he might as well work out after eating. Squats. Now would be the perfect time for some weights, but he’d never have gotten them through the checkpoint. Sighing, the Drake shook his head.
“How long have you been here, Captain?”
“Oh—since dawn.”
That explained why she was so restless. Grimalkin shook his head.
“My apologies.”
“I get the necessity. What’s going on outside?”
Grimalkin shrugged.
