7.04
Page 18
“Cleanup. The Assembly hasn’t stopped debating since yesterday. They’ve only taken a recess to help clean up the city, distribute aid—take care of their districts.”
“Of course. Did they say how many…?”
“They’re still counting. The estimates are at around five thousand six hundred, but they haven’t climbed for a few hours.”
“Ancestors.”
Bevussa closed her eyes. Grimalkin nodded. It could have been worse. A thousand Wyverns? It could have been far worse, but it was bad enough. Most had died in the first attack. More civilians than the defenders of Pallass, who’d been hit by the freezing Frost Wyvern’s breath.
“There will be a formal gathering later today. I believe the command will recess even if they’re not finished.”
“Of course.”
The Garuda nodded a few times. She fell silent. Grimalkin sensed she was about to ask something. He contented himself with two bananas. Oteslia must be growing more. They were native to Baleros, but he thought they were quite good fruits. Diet menu. With his new apprentices, he should rework—he wondered if Erin Solstice knew anything that would help.
Then again, with the way she made her food, perhaps not. He’d ask. Speaking of which—Bevussa glanced at the door again.
“Can I ask what I’ll be expected to share, Magus?”
“Of course. You’ll speak under truth spell, of course. It’s just a formality. But you can be sure the questions will revolve around your observations of Liscor. The Antinium. And of course…”
“Erin Solstice.”
The two fell silent. Grimalkin nodded. He swallowed, reached for the dumplings.
“The command will appreciate detail, even if it’s speculation. Your personal thoughts are welcomed. Perhaps not by all of the [Senators] or those within, but Chaldion will be present. Don’t fear—this isn’t a military command structure.”
“I saw General Edellein in there. And General Duln.”
“Naturally. But they’re two voices. Don’t worry.”
Grimalkin understood Bevussa’s apprehension. General Edellein of the 4th Army had to be spitting fire—well, if he could. Already, people were asking why the walls had been taken, why the 1st Army had been so slow to react. General Duln had been blasted, but at least he’d been there. The 4th Army, which had failed to lure the weyr was being mercilessly shredded by the Assembly of Crafts.
“Just speak your mind. Everything is to allow the command to make a more informed decision.”
“And they can’t fire me.”
Bevussa half-laughed. Grimalkin nodded. It would have been a concern if she were in the army. Gold-rank adventurers were more autonomous, but this was a Drake city. Even the adventurers reported to their leadership.
“Was that Keldrass of the Flamewardens I saw? Apologies, I’m blanking on names. My mind’s overly taxed from yesterday’s battle.”
“That’s right. He stayed at the inn too. You know Keldrass?”
“I’m familiar with Keldrass. I believe I taught his unit when he was in the army.”
Grimalkin saw Bevussa shifting.
“Something wrong with his testimony?”
“What? Oh, no. It’s just—Keldrass is a [Soldier] at heart. I was in the army for less time. Just to get my wings in. But Keldrass—he says what he sees. And he hasn’t been in the inn as long.”
Grimalkin nodded. He began to understand a bit of Bevussa’s hesitation.
“When the command finishes deliberating—I’ll request permission to speak first. And I will begin with that.”
“Wait? You’ll ask?”
Bevussa stared at Grimalkin. Few people were aware of Grimalkin’s exact rank. But he worked with the army more closely than many imagined. The [Sinew Magus] nodded.
