7.04
Page 6
Erin looked at Lyonette and the others anxiously. Numbtongue shrugged, watching Beza, Montressa, and Palt out of the corner of his eye. He strummed idly on his guitar. Drassi shrugged helplessly.
“I don’t think so. No one’s screaming for it as far as I can tell, and I went to the Mage’s Guild. I mean—Bird did help out during the battle. And threatened war. But the other cities might be blaming Liscor. Or the Hive.”
“No one’s going to arrest anyone. I think. If I know the way the other cities are thinking—they won’t try to arrest you or Bird through Liscor, Erin. They were spooked by the thought of the Third Antinium War. They’ll assess. If they do move, we have a few days.”
“And what if the Council or Zevara decides to arrest everyone in the inn?”
That came from Ishkr. The Gnoll looked uncharacteristically worried. His fur was still standing up on end. Everyone at their table turned to stare at the Antinium sitting by himself at another table.
Bird was recovered from Klbkch’s attack. In fact, he was still happily trying to eat the extraordinarily tough Wyvern wing. And winning. Erin looked at Bird and Lyonette exhaled slowly.
“If they’re coming, it’s not for a few hours, I bet. And what will they say? It was Bird who went through. Erin didn’t order him to. I think it’ll be a reprimand.”
“And if it’s not?”
Erin remembered Lism was on the Council. But she was also thinking about Klbkch. He had been—she felt a nudge and looked over. Numbtongue grinned down at her. The Hobgoblin nodded at the doors leading to the entryway.
“Let them. We can fight. Antinium built a nice hallway. Full of traps.”
Erin blinked. She looked at Lyonette.
“Yeah, what is that about? What are those—slits in the wall? And the holes in the ceiling? And the hollow space under the floorboards?”
“You noticed those?”
Lyonette started. She looked at Erin and shook her head.
“Of course you did. It’s your inn. That’s a trapdoor Belgrade installed. I had him design parts of the inn. He went overboard with the entryway. Those are arrow slits, murder holes—the walls are three times as thick, so I doubt even Moore could smash through, and the two sliding doors are equally tough. If we think there’s an attack or any chance of one, we can close the side doors and someone will have to come down the hallway.”
“And the trap door?”
“I told Belgrade not to make one, but he seems to think you’re the Queen and that there’s no need for an escape route if there are enough traps. He wanted to engineer part of the inn to collapse if need be, and he wanted to fill the pit with blades. Or water. He also wanted a hallway eight times as long—”
“Good idea. Also—more potions. Octavia made them. Very nice.”
Numbtongue was nodding. Lyonette sighed.
“Numbtongue’s also hidden potions and other things Octavia’s made all over the inn. And he wants crossbows.”
“Very nice. For shooting. Everyone gets one. Point and click!”
The Hobgoblin grinned. Erin stared at him. She felt it. Her inn was a fortress now.
“The walls are twice as thick as they used to be everwhere else!”
“And the foundations are made of stone. The inn’s only partly finished; it took the Antinium a long time to do it, but it will have multiple floors—and a postern door. I don’t care what Belgrade says—we can make it lock from the inside.”
“A what door?”
“Secret door.”
Numbtongue nodded. Mrsha nodded too. The Gnoll cub was happily waving her wand, sitting next to Erin. The [Innkeeper] stared at Lyonette.
“How did we pay—”
