7.04
Page 19
“It’s pertinent. And I have no doubt that while many questions will be about the Antinium, just as many will be about her.”
“Erin Solstice.”
Again, the name lingered. If Grimalkin had said her name before, no one in Pallass would have cared. Today, it was one of a handful of names being repeated.
“What will you tell them?”
Grimalkin looked at Bevussa. The Garuda hesitated. She opened and closed her beak, and then collected her thoughts.
“I know Bird. I’ve met him. Actually, I’ve chatted with him a lot. He’s…obsessed with Birds. He gets me to tell him stories. And when he figured out he could pay for my drinks, he was completely willing to pay for my team’s drinks forever just for a single story about flying monsters. He doesn’t…manage money. And Erin’s had him in his watchtower forever.”
Grimalkin nodded.
“I had the same impression, honestly. I hadn’t met him more than a few times, but…I am familiar with Miss Solstice’ inn.”
Bevussa nodded.
“It’s her inn. And Bird’s—I don’t know how I’m going to say it. But I have to, right?”
Grimalkin remembered one conversation with Bird. He paused. Nodded.
“That’s my intent too. Temper whatever radical thoughts are out there. Tell the truth. Whatever the other Walled Cities may think—the world may think—”
“Yeah.”
The two looked at each other. How were they going to say it? It was hilarious, ridiculous. Bird wasn’t a new form of Prognugator, or a Centenium. He was just an employee at an inn and Erin Solstice…
“What a disaster. How can I tell them?”
Bevussa put her head in her talons. Grimalkin was nodding, but he caught himself. He remembered Bird’s line.
“I am as simple as I choose to be. I am a Bird and I am free to be me.”
The Drake thought of Erin and paused. It was ludicrous, how it had all played out. Even so…his claws drummed on the armrest of his chair as he picked up another morsel.
“Honestly, I cannot say that it’s entirely coincidence.”
Bevussa looked up sharply. Grimalkin nodded his head at the door.
“When I think of her, I can’t imagine she’s duplicitous. But there are layers I do not know about Erin Solstice. And the Antinium—when I testify, I will explain as much as I can. But I cannot swear that it is not all part of a larger viewpoint I’m unaware of. No doubt that’s why Chaldion is taking it so seriously.”
“Neither can I. And I mean—I didn’t think it would come to this. But it’s her. How do I explain her, even if you can make sense of Bird and the Antinium?”
“Erin Solstice.”
It was going to be hard. Both adventurer and [Mage] nodded. Bevussa sighed.
“I’d like to say she’s just—Erin. But then—she’s Erin. I wish I knew more, honestly. I knew she was—but I thought she was just weird. You know?”
“I think after today, we’ll all be regretting not looking into her sooner, Captain Bevussa. The only question is—what each city does about it. Pallass is ideally placed. But now all the cities know about her.”
Grimalkin’s exhausted mind was thinking of all that might transpire from today’s events. He shook his head. He’d ask the command. Weigh in as hard as he could, and Grimalkin could exert some weight. Even so, today he was a witness, and he was no [General].
What a mess. Bevussa’s feathered head turned  as she looked towards the door.
“About Erin. Do you think—I know she was here for the Wyvern attack, but that was an accident this time. Probably. She’s done so much—and I wasn’t even around for a lot of it. But how much will the Assembly or…anyone look into her?”
