7.04
Page 22
“They’re tapped. It’s steady, but we’re not employing enough [Miners] to justify the teams working on this and the new seam. I say sell while it’s still worth something and use the funds to pay for investment in the new seam. We’ve already gotten truegold and magicore from the vein—it’s a safe risk.”
The Wall Lord tapped his claws on his desk. He was a [Lord], but it had to be said, Ilvriss wasn’t a purely war-based [Lord] like Tyrion Veltras. He could fight, and lead, and manage, but he was specialized towards one end: making money. And he did it well. Ilvriss chewed over Alrric’s words and nodded.
“Very well. You have control over the development. I’ll leave it to you. And the bonuses if we strike enough at year’s end. Full control. My claws are off the project.”
That surprised Alrric, the second time in as many minutes. The Gnoll’s brows shot up. He eyed Ilvriss.
They were familiar enough that sometimes Alrric dropped Ilvriss’ title, but they were still superior and subordinate. Ilvriss had understood that Alrric addressing him informally was part of the give and take. But he’d seldom referenced it openly. Today was different. Everything was.
“There was a time you’d never have let me manage your company, Wall Lord. Not with full control, even if you agreed with all my plans.”
Ilvriss nodded. That was absolutely true. He’d managed his company since he was barely Erin’s age—each Drake family had a portion of Salazsar’s economy that built their towers, teams of miners and others they employed that fed their fortunes. And while some Wall Lords and Ladies preferred to leave it to trusted individuals, Ilvriss had always, always been in charge.
But now, the Wall Lord just folded his claws behind his back, keeping the soft papers from wrinkling as he looked out his large glass windows.
“It was Tasilt who introduced me to you, wasn’t it, Alrric? Twelve years ago?”
“That’s correct.”
Alrric frowned. Wall Lord Tasilt, the renegade of the Wall Lords for marrying a Gnoll and employing unorthodox business practices had indeed recommended Alrric. He had been an on-off-on-again friend with Ilvriss for that reason. Ilvriss regretted that now. The Wall Lord nodded absently.
“It took me over a year to agree, you know. Even though you were the best Gnoll for the job. But Tasilt had to talk me into it. He was right that a non-Drake [Administrator] was better than a Drake. If I hadn’t listened to him, taken a ‘chance’ after the corruption scandal—I wouldn’t have been able to leave the Gemscale holdings to you when it mattered most.”
The Gnoll standing across Ilvriss’ desk was blinking hard. He peered at Ilvriss, wondering if the Wall Lord had taken ill. Or simply leave of his senses. Ilvriss turned.
“Call on me if you need to use one of my Skills. Otherwise—you’re in charge. My family doesn’t need me to explain or justify your authority. I have to go, Alrric. The Holders of the Wall are meeting and I have to convince my family first.”
He strode towards the door. Alrric stopped him. The Gnoll looked Ilvriss up and down and came out with it.
“Wall Lord, are you well?”
Ilvriss grinned mirthlessly. He felt like he could read Alrric like a book, at least in this moment. The Gnoll stared at him. The Drake just turned his head and shook it, meeting Alrric’s stare.
“I’ve learned to look harder at people in different ways, Alrric. You have my trust. And certainly, certainly I’d like to earn yours sometime. It occurs to me you’ve never once told me about your family. Or your past outside of your previous jobs.”
The Gnoll blinked. He replied automatically.
