7.04
Page 28
“So hire six [Geomancers] all at once. If Manus wants to keep up the harassment, let’s fund them. Oteslia’s suggesting we go after the Wyverns—nothing about the Antinium.”
“They’re just afraid the Wyverns will go and eat their pegasuses and crops.”
“Pegasi. It’s plural.”
The conversations were pedantic, pointed, and quick. Sometimes they got off-track, but Ilvriss heard only worry, nothing concrete. The other Walled Cities were doing exactly what he’d predicted. Fissival was planning new war spells. Could use funding from other cities. Not naming Salazsar exactly!
Oteslia wanted to take down the Wyvern threat, and it was motioning for a hunting force from the other cities. Manus needed support for their secret operations—a strike against the Antinium, no doubt. Pallass—in between defending itself—was suggesting the Wyvern corpses could outfit a new regiment. Zeres wanted ships since the Antinium were obviously unable to defeat a naval force.
That was what the Walled Cities were saying. But Ilvriss was certain each city also had a group like this, which was planning. Looking for more private measures they could take. Even united, each Walled City wanted to have the advantage over the others. That was the problem with Drakes.
Ilvriss sighed. He listened as his peers argued. But then he heard a voice override a discussion about Wyvern armor versus normal leather.
“Why don’t we let someone who was at Liscor tell us what he thinks about the entire affair?”
Brilm winked unsubtly at Ilvriss and sat down. But it was an opening. Ilvriss stood and felt all eyes on him. Navine glared at her sibling.
“And why don’t you tell us what’s been passed around, Ilvriss? You clearly came here with a plan.”
Murmuring in the ranks.
“Plan? What plan?”
“He was there. What a cursed city.”
“What plan? Pass me that—”
Ilvriss raised his claws for silence. He indicated the stack of papers he had.
“I have indeed come here with a plan, Wall Lady Navine. And as I pass it to you, I’ll deliver my thoughts.”
He walked around the room, handing out the sheaves of paper. The Holders of the Wall read, relieved to be reading a laid-out plan, a document like the ones they reviewed in their jobs managing their business. Ilvriss took the center of the room.
“I have been to Liscor. And I’ve met that Human. And that Antinium. Not personally, but I have seen them.”
“And is it a Centenium, Ilvriss?”
The Wall Lord felt countless eyes on him. And truth spells, appraising him. He paused.
“No. I very much doubt it is. But consider what we saw. We saw an Antinium claiming to be a Prognugator. Whether he is or not, I again doubt. But what we saw, to me at least, is terrifying. Anyone else with a military background surely agrees.”
He looked at some of the [Lords] and [Ladies] who’d graduated from Manus, or fought. All of them, including Calistoca, nodded slowly.
“How so? It was one Antinium.”
Navine glared down at Ilvriss. He raised one brow.
“One Antinium?  Yes. But one who was not Centenium, or else we would have met him in the Second Antinium Wars or the First, and who was clearly a new addition to Liscor’s Hive. The city is aware of…Bird the Hunter. But they haven’t classified him as a Prognugator until now. Think about what that means. A Worker who can use a bow.”
“They can all use bows. We’ve seen the Hives in battle. Their Workers can use bows, the same as any idiot with arms and legs.”
One of the Wall Lords snapped at Ilvriss. Calistoca glared.
“Can they shoot a Wyvern’s eye out from hundreds of feet away? What young Ilvriss is saying is that this one’s good. It has levels.”
