7.04
Page 14
But people were dead. And many who walked the city had elected to tie a bit of red to some part of their body. Around their head as a sweatband, or an arm, or some other body part. Garuda, Dullahan, Drake, or Gnoll. A bit of red to show that they had lost someone, or known someone who had died in the fighting. Or that they had simply been injured.
Red, for blood. Blood for Pallass.
 
—-
 
Of course, it wasn’t all grieving. And the changes to Pallass were more than just a sudden surge in the economy in certain sectors. Yesterday, Pallass—no, the world—no, Pallass and thus, the world had witnessed the drama of the Wyvern attack. They had seen legends. And heroes.
And if that was an exaggeration, you could go to Rhir. People did not forget, at least not so soon.
So the next day, Grimalkin, the Fist Mage of Pallass opened the door to his mansion. He was covered in poultices and bandages and he looked like…if Erin had seen him, she’d have called him a mummy. Grimalkin just felt like a wounded [Soldier]. He hurt all over. The [Healers] had managed to save some of his body that had been frostbitten, but the outer layer of his scales had just peeled off like dead skin.
It was just as well his vitals weren’t affected. Nevertheless—part of Grimalkin’s body had sloughed off when he pulled at the frostbitten sections. Removing it had hurt, but Grimalkin had cut it away. No sense in delaying recovery, and now he was trying to regrow as much of his lost scales and tissue as possible.
Not just tissue either. The Sinew Magus even looked thinner as he stopped in the doorway to his home. He’d used up his muscle during the fight with the Wyvern Lord. Instead of looking like the most muscular body-builder from Erin’s world, he now looked…
Well, he was still huge. But a bit less wide. And he had a surprise waiting for him. Grimalkin blinked at the line of people outside of his door. It stretched out of sight, around a corner. He stared at the group of Garuda at the front of the line, and the pair of Gnolls, all pushing to be first.
“What is this about?”
The Drake stared at the excited Garuda. One of them—a Garuda Erin would have recognized—waved his talons at Grimalkin.
“We’re here to sign up!”
“Sign up?”
Grimalkin was a bit slow today. Not only did he hurt, he had to regain all of his lost muscle so he’d eaten a massive breakfast and he’d been determined to work out for hours today with the finest potion supplements to aid in his recovery. He stared at the Garuda, and then past them. Gnolls, Drakes—Dullahans—young and old. Mostly young, though.
“Yes! You teach apprentices, right?”
“I do. But why—”
“We saw you fighting!”
Weki pushed past Assaln excitedly. Everyone in line nodded. Grimalkin stared at him.
“You mean, the Greater Wyvern? That was an embarrassing display—”
“Not that! I mean, part of that! But we saw you! You were first on the walls! You punched through a Wyvern and tore out its heart!”
The people behind Weki were nodding. All of them stared at Grimalkin. They knew him of course. The Muscle Mage of Pallass. Grimalkin the Fist. The [Sinew Magus]. How many times had he done his demonstration? Or tried to get new apprentices? It usually only got Grimalkin a handful of students at any time. But today—
“You threw a Wyvern! And you battled that huge Wyvern! Even General Duln couldn’t keep up! Can all of your students do that!? Can you teach us to do that?”
