7.04
Page 2
Erin heard a sound. And when one of the hidden side doors slid open, she was surprised and not. But the little white figure that tackled Erin in the stomach was a surprise.
“Oof!”
Erin fell over, winded. And not in a laughing, great-to-see-you, happy way. Mrsha had gotten heavier and stronger than Erin remembered! And she’d done a perfect flying head butt to Erin’s stomach.
“M—M—I can’t breathe.”
“Mrsha! No, come back here! It might be—”
Lyonette appeared in the doorway. Erin saw the other side door opening. Then the one down the hallway. People flooded into the entryway. Familiar faces. Krshia, Zevara, Pawn, Montressa—so many, all shouting at once! And Mrsha was hugging Erin and licking her face anxiously. Erin was still trying to breathe.
“Sergeant Relc! Report! What the hell happened?”
“Erin! We were watching, but then the image vanished! Is it—”
Zevara and Selys. Relc was shouting, trying to lift Mrsha as she clung to Erin.
“Bird! You were not supposed to go through! Why did you leave? Erin? Where is Erin?”
“Erin? There she is. Back off her! Everyone—Mrsha, stop hugging her. She cannot breathe, yes—”
Pawn and Krshia. Erin struggled to lift Mrsha. She was bigger! And hugging Erin, which was great. Strangling her, which was not. She felt Olesm tugging at her until someone bowled him over.
“It was you. I knew it! Every time! Even in Pallass! Well, this is enough. There will be laws—”
“Excuse me. Excuse me. I have to talk with Erin. Erin, it is great to see you—”
Lism and Palt. Jostling each other to shout at Erin. And they were just six of the voices amid the shouting. Erin looked around, wide-eyed. And then she heard a shout.
“Everyone, be silent!”
Lyonette put her foot down and the inn paused. It wasn’t just her words. But Erin felt the familiar tingling in the air. She looked at Lyonette. The [Princess]’s aura hit everyone in the inn, silencing all but a few voices.
Such as Relc.
“So there I was, right? I punched that bastard in the side, but he’s tough. Anyways, I was pretty sure I drove him off all by myself. I got three Wyverns—with a bit of help—”
“Sergeant Relc, shut up!”
Watch Captain Zevara barked. And Erin felt the same authority radiating from her. The young woman’s jaw dropped, but it was unmistakable. Lyonette and Zevara traded glances, but they were in synchronization, not opposition.
Faced with two presences demanding silence, the entire inn went still. Erin could move, but only because it was her inn. Experimentally, she pushed. She felt like she could beat both pressures on her and the room, if she really tried. But this was her place. And no one else could, surely.
Not even Relc. He looked around, blinked, and fell silent. Erin looked around. Everyone stared at her now. Erin Solstice opened her mouth.
“Um—so…I can exp—”
A figure pushed through the crowd. Erin spotted a single Antinium moving, ignoring the dual authorities of Zevara and Lyonette. Erin saw Klbkch, pushing past two very odd Antinium…Soldiers? He shoved aside a Minotauress, walked past the other Antinium.
Senior Guardsman Klbkch walked straight up to Bird. The Antinium was shaking. He looked at Erin. Then at Bird.
“Bird.”
His voice—freed Bird. Or maybe Lyonette and Zevara did. The [Bird Hunter] stopped chewing on his bit of Wyvern.
“Hello, Klbkch.”
“You went into Pallass.”
Erin looked at Klbkch. She looked at Bird. Everyone did. The Antinium who had nearly started the Third Antinium War nodded absently.
