7.04
Page 16
The Assembly of Crafts was based in the 5th, or at least, the senate where laws and reform and debates took place. They had a large, circular chamber where they debated, each [Senator] elected by their district.
It was a democratic system, the scorn of many other Drake cities and other nations. But it worked—even if it was far slower than regular monarchies or tyrannies. Yet, it was also stronger in other ways. You could not behead Pallass’ government in a single stroke.
Something up, something down. Grimalkin of Pallass strode down the 5th floor, towards the senate’s building. It was soundproofed, but citizens of Pallass could walk in and observe the arguments if they wished. Grimalkin passed by the [Guards] on duty, entered the building—
And turned left instead of heading towards the spectator’s seats or onto the senate floor. He was walking to another meeting room. He had been summoned.
And he was not the only one. Grimalkin passed through another layer of security. This time, a pair of [Soldiers] waved Grimalkin onwards. Into the private parts of the senate, reserved for the politicians and staff. And then—a third checkpoint.
“Name? And intent?”
“Grimalkin of Pallass. Summoned to testify.”
“Do you harbor any intent to harm or otherwise subvert those within?”
“No.”
The truth stone flashed and the [Lieutenant] nodded. Grimalkin saw the [Soldiers] relax, but only slightly. This group was the sharpest by far, and they were ready to take or stall even the [Sinew Magus]. Grimalkin saw the [Lieutenant] motion.
There were two doors in the security system, both of which had closed when Grimalkin had entered for the questioning. Now, the door in front of him opened. If he’d answered incorrectly or if the [Lieutenant] had any suspicion, Grimalkin was sure the magical traps would have activated. They did not, and he walked through.
“I’ll escort you, Magus. Command is hearing from the other witnesses, so there may be a delay. Can we offer you refreshments in any way?”
“If you have anything to eat, I’ll take it.”
Grimalkin nodded as the [Lieutenant] marched smartly with him through the inner, secret halls of Pallass. He was familiar with this place. They headed left.
“Certainly. I’ll send someone. Just in here, Magus. I’m sure you’re familiar with the proceedings?”
“Of course.”
“Then I’ll have refreshments sent shortly. And—may I shake your claw, sir? It was an inspiring feat. I witnessed. I wish I could have been in the fighting, but our orders were to hold—”
The [Lieutenant] held out a clawed hand. Grimalkin shook it firmly.
“Duty is duty, [Lieutenant]. The walls stand.”
“The walls stand.”
The Drake saluted and made his way off. Grimalkin entered the waiting room and found he wasn’t alone. A green-feathered Garuda sat in a comfortable chair. A door led into another room, but Grimalkin heard nothing from the soundproofed meeting room. He took a chair opposite Bevussa and nodded to her.
“Captain Slenderscale, isn’t it? The Wings of Pallass?”
“Bevussa. And it’s only ‘member’ of the Wings of Pallass. Outside of here, at any rate. Magus Grimalkin.”
Bevussa bowed slightly to Grimalkin. He nodded.
“Good morning to you. I heard the Wings were among the first to repel the Wyverns. Did you take casualties, Captain?”
“None. We got torn up, but we healed most of it. I lost some feathers and one of my adventurers—Kin—has a torn wing. But it’ll heal. We were lucky. I leveled from the fighting.”
“Congratulations. I did not, but I feel like I’ve advanced at least halfway towards the next level.”
