7.04
Page 8
Lyonette’s voice was more severe. Bird knew that tone. It was the tone she used when he climbed up on the roof without a railing, or brought in birds he’d left outside to get squishy and full of worms. Bird hesitated.
“But it is my wing.”
“Bird—please put it down and come upstairs.”
“But—”
“Now, Bird.”
The Antinium stopped. He looked at Lyonette. Slowly, gently, he put the wing on the table and patted it with his two other hands. He turned and went up the stairs. The two young women followed him.
Bird had a room. It was not the same room as his old one. But it was nice. Bigger. And Lyonette had helped him make his Fortress of Fluff again. It was a small cave of pillows and blankets Bird could sit in. The Antinium Workers could not sleep on their backs due to the rounded shell—maybe Soldiers could since they were built differently, but Bird was used to sit-sleeping. Only now, instead of packed dirt, he had softness.
His Fortress of Fluff was the thing of envy of all the others. Pawn had helped make some in the barracks, but the other Antinium had to share it. Bird’s was his alone.
He also had other things in his room. Some of his feathers had been destroyed when the inn fell down. Bird had been very sad, but he still had Bevussa’s feather. And he had many more, in his Fortress of Fluff and around the room.
He also had a few dead birds. They weren’t rotting any more since they were in the inn, but Bird hurried into the room and tossed them out the window before Lyonette could be angry. Angrier. Neither one was shouting, but Bird hurried around his room, checking for wriggling worms. His room was very clean. He had everything in piles.
“Wow. They are bigger. And you want the second floor to be as big as the first?”
“That’s right. We’ll have guest rooms. And regular guests, not just your friends, Erin. That’s how inns make money. And stables.”
“Stables? Like, with horses?”
“Yes, Erin. With horses. Its customary for an inn. How do you not know this?”
“Well, the old inn didn’t have one.”
“It probably rotted away. Or it was too dangerous with the Shield Spider nests and hills and valleys. But we’ll have a proper road and we’re close enough to Liscor. Stables—and the new door to Liscor is going to go right next to the Adventurer’s Guild and the Mage’s Guild. Same street.”
“Wait. They moved the Adventurer’s Guild? When?”
“When you were on break. There’s all kinds of changes. They’re building new parts of the city—I’ll tell you more tomorrow. For now—”
Bird’s door opened. The two young women walked in. Lyonette glanced around the inn and Bird hoped she did not see the wriggling worm in the corner he’d just spotted. She frowned at Bird. Then she nudged Erin.
“You do it.”
“But—”
“Erin.”
“Okay, okay.”
The two Humans whispered to each other. Bird looked from one to the other. Erin came over. She looked around.
“Sit down, Bird. Let’s all sit.”
“May I sit in my Fortress of Fluff, please?”
Erin smiled, and then lost it.
“Yeah. There’s a chair there—”
“I’ll stand.”
Lyonette watched as the two sat down. Erin dragged the chair over to Bird’s fortress as he sat down in it. Bird looked from face to face.
“May I get my wing, please? I would like to eat it.”
“Later, Bird. We need to talk.”
“About what?”
The Worker’s eyes were innocent as he looked at Erin’s face. She hesitated. Bit her lip. Lyonette nudged her. Erin sighed.
“Did you know you’re not supposed to go to Pallass, Bird? I remember Klbkch ordering Pawn and the others not to go through. You heard him, right? And you know how Pallass feels about Antinium.”
