7.04
Page 29
The room fell silent. Ilvriss nodded.
“We’re prepared for a third war. We’ve taken countermeasures. But we’ve trusted in the Antinium’s weaknesses. Inability to swim. Lack of flying Antinium.”
“Except for the damned ones with wings. They’re changing.”
“But they can’t fly, Brilm. Manus’ reports put them at huge leaps, but we were convinced that our Oldbloods would be able to dominate the skies from range, excluding artifacts, conflicts with Xrn, or Wrymvr, or some of the Twisted Antinium. Until now.”
Tasilt pointed out. He looked at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord nodded back.
“Exactly. With some difficulty, we could hold the skies. But consider this Antinium. He is a dedicated anti-air specialist. Capable of bringing down Wyverns with what appears to be an unenchanted bow. You know what that means.”
“Levels.”
Someone muttered. The room fell silent.
“He’s just one. Prognugators can level. We all know that.”
“Yes, but what if the Antinium can make more? That’s the point, isn’t it? If they can make one Prognugator capable of defeating our fliers…”
What else have they got? Ilvriss saw the others looking at each other uneasily. Almost everyone had a copy of his proposal now. Now, it was time to take advantage of the fear. The uncertainty. This was Ilvriss’ plan.
“That’s what I see as well. Perhaps not immediate, but the threat is there. So I have a proposal before you all. I had it in mind before this incident, but it’s only convinced me that the time is now. With your support, I’d like to enact a project beyond whatever support the Walled Cities agree on as a whole.”
The Holders of the Wall murmured. They checked Ilvriss’ plan, looking at each other. Navine was shaking her head, arguing with those around her, but the others liked this.
“We have to have something. Manus will be cooking something up as well. All the other cities…”
“I was thinking of investigating that Human. Sending a few [Spies], but this—what am I reading, Ilvriss?”
Ilvriss smiled. He indicated the papers.
“I’m proposing funding. Not funding for our armies, but a contribution from each tower. Off the books and in secret. With it, I’ll put together a force. I’m planning on approaching other cities. Even other Walled Cities. Recruiting. Even from outside Izril.”
For a second the room fell silent. Then Navine shot to her feet. Her tail lashed as she glared at Ilvriss.
“Ridiculous! You want to put together this—this force of elites? We have elite soldiers! What do we need another one for?”
“Fighting the Antinium, obviously. Salazsar has powerful groups, Wall Lady Navine. But it does not have a superior force. I am not calling for the development of one single group of [Soldiers]. I am saying I want to steal every elite Drake, Gnoll, or other species I can find and put them into a single, cohesive group. And if the Antinium attack—we have seen that high-level elites do far better than any other force. Well, this will be superior even to Liscor’s vaunted armies.”
“Don’t listen to him. This force won’t be just used against the Antinium. If it’s formed, I guarantee it’ll be used against Humans or anyone else ‘we’ decide is an enemy.”
Navine glared at Ilvriss. She looked triumphant, furious—Ilvriss knew she was thinking she’d found out his grand plans. And she was disgusted. This was another attempt for him to secure Salazsarian superiority. Or so she thought.
“Shouldn’t we have a force like that? It’s expensive. This is calling for—Ilvriss, why all the gold?”
“Gold buys everything we need, Wall Lord Khaiss. Arms, training, equipment—”
