7.04
Page 26
“They still blundered. Ancestors, an Antinium in their city! That magic door—how did they not protect against it? If I were them and I had to have that thing, I’d have it outside the city under lock and key!”
“No doubt Pallass will take precautions. It was only one Antinium, though.”
“Only one! Did you hear what it said? It threatened war.”
“I heard. And I have a plan I intend to lay before all present, Brilm. Can I count on you for support?”
The more portly Drake’s eyes widened.
“A plan? Of course you have one. About time someone does! I was talking with the others and no one’s got a decent—Manus is sending orders, as always. But we have to have our own response. I’ll back it. Just give me a signal.”
“Votes are enough. Here. I’ll pass you a copy—”
The papers Ilvriss had labored over changed hands. Brilm hurried away, waving some of his friends over as he paged through Ilvriss’ documents. The Wall Lord nodded, seeing Navine glaring at him.
“That is some stare your sister’s giving you, Ilvriss.”
A voice came from the Wall Lord’s left. Wall Lord Tasilt, another old friend and the odd one out—metaphorically speaking since the room was filled with only Drakes—walked over. But he was different, even more so than Navine and her allies. He’d married a Gnoll, and Ilvriss had once considered that the height of difference.
What fool, he. Ilvriss nodded to Tasilt. Now, oh, now, he looked at his old friend a lot more favorably than Brilm. He always had, Ilvriss supposed. Tasilt had ideas. Brilm had trends. What had impeded Ilvriss before was prejudice.
Past time to start making the right choices. Ilvriss nodded to Tasilt.
“Navine’s suspicious. Rightly so. I have a plan to put before everyone.”
“Well, it occurs to me we should have had them years ago, but I’ll listen.”
Tasilt nodded cautiously. He didn’t offer Ilvriss a vote. The Wall Lord nodded.
“Take a look at this. And before you say anything, I’m going to distribute it to everyone and I’d like your input. It’s not set in stone. The concept, yes. The execution?”
He let Tasilt take the document. The other Drake read quickly. He was well-liked among the public of Salazsar. Less so in this august gathering. But no one would deny that Tasilt hadn’t done well with his ventures. Some failed, some went spectacularly well. Now, the Drake eyed Ilvriss’ proposal.
“Well…that’s something. But is it just lip-service, or will it actually change things, Ilvriss? One more group won’t do much. And if this is just designed to one-up the other Walled Cities…”
He looked at Ilvriss meaningfully. The Wall Lord almost smiled.
“Not at all. I mean every word.”
“In that case, you’re planning on starting the Third Antinium War. If not now, then in a few years.”
“No.”
“Then what am I reading?”
Tasilt glanced sharply at Ilvriss, looking him up and down. Ilvriss took a breath.
“The only chance we have of creating a unified force between all the Walled Cities. Because that was what won us the last war, Tasilt. The last two wars. We lost Zel Shivertail. And he was the only Drake who could do it alone. This? This is attempting to replace what one Drake was.”
The other Wall Lord’s brows rose. He stared at the papers. Then he nodded, slowly.
“Let’s get a drink together later. My place. Assuming you can pass it.”
“In this room?”
Ilvriss looked around at the worried Drakes. Tasilt paused. He almost smiled.
“I’ll introduce you to my family. You’d be surprised how much they’ve changed.”
