7.04
Page 24
Osthia was vibrating with tension. And how not? It was her city that had been attacked. But she didn’t know Erin. She didn’t know—Bird. Ilvriss put a claw on her shoulder.
“I’ll meet with you later, Captain. For now—I’m putting the plan into action.”
He brandished the papers. Osthia’s eyes widened.
“Now? But I thought—”
“This is the perfect excuse. The perfect moment. If you see my sister coming for me—stall her. I don’t want her getting wind of what I have planned until the meeting.”
Osthia nodded. She slipped away as Ilvriss walked through his mansion. His people greeted him, anxious to know more, but Ilvriss had no time. He had a schedule, and a plan.
The first part of his plan sat in a chair in his quarters, near a fire. Zail Gemscale, Ilvriss’ father, looked up sharply as Ilvriss entered the room.
“Father.”
“Ilvriss. You saw?”
Zail was staring at a scrying orb. Ilvriss saw a wyvern soaring through the skies and for a moment his heart skipped. Were they attacking again?
No. it was a replay. One being broadcast from Wistram. Ilvriss relaxed. He didn’t trust the scrying orb—the [Wardmistress] who’d inspected Ilvriss’ mansion had told him point-blank that they were weak points. Even so, this conversation was fine to share even if there was a watcher. That was the point.
“Father, the battle’s over. You can relax.”
“Relax? After seeing a Walled City nearly fall to Wyverns? Those fools can’t even hold their walls.”
Zail sneered, but his scales were paler than usual, despite the fire’s heat. Wall Lord Zail was pale, and his claws shook a bit. He was also wearing his sword in its scabbard, Ilvriss saw. Zail had fought in wars before, and the dent along one side of his head was proof of his sacrifices for Salazsar. He had even commanded during the two Antinium Wars, but his health was gone.
Even so. Ilvriss stooped, peering at the orb.
“I heard it was a failure of the [Strategist] on the walls. There was a survivor. He claimed the [Cage of Pallass] spell wasn’t used—that the Wyverns launched an incredibly fast attack.”
“Fools.”
Zail shook his head. He stared blankly at the scrying orb. The Wall Lord shuddered as an image appeared. Ilvriss only saw Bird. But Zail recoiled from the orb. He pointed at it.
“I saw that thing, Ilvriss. You were in Liscor. Were they—there?”
“Yes. The Antinium.”
Ilvriss’ eyes glinted.
Zail paused.
“What madness possesses those idiots? Now, one stands on the walls. Even for Pallass.”
“It may be a sign the Antinium are changing.”
Ilvriss spoke casually. He wasn’t lying. Zail had a ring on his finger that commanded a [Truth] spell. No, a more powerful version of it. He hadn’t twisted it, but you never knew how the spell worked. Zail twitched.
“Something has to be done. Another one. We killed the other. The Slayer. And the others. What was the name of the one?”
“Devrkr. Devrkr the Glowing.”
“Yes. I saw it die. We had to kill it again and again. It kept coming back. But it died. The last time it died.”
Zail whispered. His clawed hand was gripping his sword. He stared up at Ilvriss.
“Three of them. Now four.”
“Bird the Hunter. He may not be a Centenium, father.”
“Don’t believe that. Don’t underestimate them!”
The Wall Lord snapped at his son. Now he was turning the ring. Ilvriss bowed his head.
“I would never. Father, I have a plan. I’m going to meet with the Holders of the Wall and present it. I wanted to outline it to you first.”
Wall Lord Zail stared at his son. He glanced at the papers Ilvriss handed to him.
“Show me.”
