7.05 P
Page 36
He had known his Chieftain, Rags, when she was born. And he’d followed her north, and then returned to Liscor only to be captured at the end of the terrible battle. And he had a class Pebblesnatch had never encountered before.
[Rotter].
It was the kind of class that provoked questions the instant you heard about. Mostly…why? Holdnose kept beckoning Pebblesnatch over to a stone cave. It was near the river, but no Goblins were wandering the area. Even to get fish.
Pebblesnatch realized why, instantly. The cave stank. Not even in a ‘I can tolerate this for a while’ stink, but the kind of stink that you either grew numb to, or threw up in.
Holdnose had made a camp here. And he had pots! Pans, taken from the crates, and crude stone vessels, some chipped out of the cave floor! All of them were filled with…sauce.
Fish sauce. Pebblesnatch stared, but Holdnose was adamant. He could make fish sauce?
How?
The [Rotter] was in fact, a fermentation expert, a concept which Goblins understood, without the scientific terms. Holdnose had learned how to turn perfectly good food into a rotten—fermented, rather—substance. All you needed was a fresh fish.
He had one in a crude net now. He pulled it out, killed the fish with a quick smack, and got to work as Pebblesnatch watched.
Chop up the fish fresh, bones and all, and then pound and mix them up. Blood, guts, innards—all in a bowl. Then, add some water and good spices. A good bit of salt! And then?
He dumped it in a pot and closed the lid. Then, Holdnose put some rocks on top just to make sure. Pebblesnatch saw the Goblin turn around and grin.
“Long?”
“Many days. This many.”
He waved his clawed hands. Pebblesnatch stared.
You left it there for a month. Possibly two. You sealed the container, made sure nothing ate it, like little bugs. And when it came out, you had a tasty…sauce.
She folded her arms.
“No. Bad lies.”
Holdnose insisted. It was tasty! And a sauce, like she had made, but tastier! Pebblesnatch scoffed.
He showed her. The Goblin had begun his work the instant he’d gotten here. And it took him only one week for whatever he wanted to turn into a sauce, thanks to his Skills. He had a little hollowed-out stone pot with a terribly smelling fish sauce.
Pebblesnatch recoiled at the smell of the viscous liquid. It looked foul! And in the cave full of successful rots and unsuccessful rots, even her stomach was roiling. But one taste—
Flavor! Pebblesnatch’s eyes widened. She seized Holdnose and he grinned as she danced around! Flavor! This was a proper sauce! The kind you could marinade with! Infuse flavor into her dishes!
When Pebblesnatch stopped dancing, she pointed at the jar of sauce.
“Give?”
Holdnose tilted his head thoughtfully. He wanted something in return. Pebblesnatch hurried back to her camp and came back with a bundle of her prepared foods.
She traded him sixteen wrapleaf rolls for the precious jar of fish sauce. Holdnose was already chuckling to himself as Pebblesnatch carried off her new flavoring; he was dipping the wraps in another sauce and munching them down. He promised Pebblesnatch more; he was experimenting with everything.
There were a lot of new vegetables entering the camp. Not just salvaged wild plants like the green onions, but carrots, cucumbers, a cabbage—they were big, luscious, and Pebblesnatch had no idea where they were coming from. Even Holdnose had a few. She stared as he pointed to another pot he was planning to try and rot some cucumbers in. At this point it occurred to Pebblesnatch to ask.
“Why?”
