7.05 P
Page 29
All the hides had been sewn together to create a very crude armor for Raidpear. Nothing more than tough clothing, really. But Leafarmor had confiscated a needle and thread and was sewing together…leaves?
They looked stiff. And tough. Leafarmor handed Pebblesnatch one and the Cave Goblin found she could barely bend the leaf. True, the Hob had found the thickest leaves—not from trees, but broad-leafed plants, but the plant matter was unnaturally hard.
“[Tough Leaves]. Good.”
The female Hob grinned. She was making leaf scale mail, delicately sewing together each leaf. Raidpear just grunted as he repurposed a kitchen knife, wedging the blade into a pre-cut slot in a spear.
“Leather better. Steel better.”
Leafarmor tossed the throwing axe again. This time Raidpear blocked with the haft of his spear. Pebblesnatch heard a thunk.
Very put out, Raidpear stared at the quivering axe head buried in the haft of his spear. He snapped the wood and tossed the spear aside. Leafarmor made an apologetic gesture.
Without the quarrel over the box, Raidpear was surprisingly good-natured. And he clearly had a taste for food. He had gotten his nickname because on his first caravan raid, the young Raidpear had searched for the most valuable loot to take and run away with.
Goblins had to move fast because any attack would generate a fast response from [Guards], [Soldiers], or worst of all, adventurers. And of course, Raidpear’s sack of treasures had turned out to be…pears.
It wasn’t a scientific naming system. Pebblesnatch approved of both Goblin names. And in fact, the two Hobs seemed to like hers. The only one with a problem was Ulvama.
The [Shaman] didn’t acknowledge Pebblesnatch’s name. In her hut, she kept poking Pebblesnatch, but she never said Pebblesnatch’s name once.
“You. Make sweet bread for me.”
The [Shaman] was articulate, intelligent—still mean. Pebblesnatch grumbled as she checked her hard flatbread. She didn’t know how to make it go poof, but Ulvama knew what she wanted.
Bread was simple in concept. Flour, salt, a bit of sugar, water…eggs…the only problem was that Pebblesnatch was getting worried the forests were running out of bird nests. But Ulvama just sneered. She went to her hut, and came back with a small pouch. She handed it to Pebblesnatch.
“Eggs.”
The Cave Goblin blinked at the sack of eggs. They were…bigger than the other eggs. Pebblesnatch had been making due with bird eggs, but these were…bigger. A lot bigger. Pale brown, still smelling a tiny bit of bird poo. Pebblesnatch sniffed them suspiciously. Were there big birds around here?
“Make bread.”
Ulvama commanded. She wanted bread, fruits—everything from her home in the mountain. Pebblesnatch grumbled as Ulvama watched her work. Then Ulvama began her own tasks.
The [Shaman] began grinding up bone, the marrowless bone she wanted so much, in a bowl. Pebblesnatch eyed it. Ulvama had some pigment—rust from the blades—she was mixing with the powered bone, creating a dye.
“What for?”
“Paint.”
Ulvama rudely ignored Pebblesnatch’s true question. Of course it was paint! The Redfangs wanted it for their bodies. But why did Ulvama need paint?
She didn’t count fallen comrades like the Redfangs. But her colorful skin paint was clearly part of her class. Or magic. Ulvama was drawing a symbol on a bit of pale bark. She’d found some charcoal for another color—but what was it for?
“I am a [Shaman]. You are a [Cook]. You should be a [Shaman]. We have power.”
