7.05 P
Page 40
Laken dipped his head slightly.
“It was not a raid, Mister Prost. It’s Goblin [Thieves]. As bad as Human [Thieves], I will grant you. But I won’t march into the Goblin territory to grab one Goblin [Thief]. What would I do?”
“Punish her. Laken, a [Thief]’s a [Thief].”
Durene was scowling. Laken looked at her.
“And this one has an arrow in her side. Moreover, the Goblins have their own territory.”
“Which you gave them.”
Lady Rie, Prost, and Durene. None of them were in their usual accord with Laken. The [Emperor] nodded.
“We’ve argued this over. Mister Prost, if a Human stole from the Goblins—”
“Sire.”
“—And the Goblins marched into Riverfarm and demanded the Human for their justice, would you accept?”
“Sire. Are you planning on doing nothing?”
The [Emperor] shook his head.
“I won’t evict the Goblins. Because, as Lady Rie is all too quick to point out, or Beniar, or anyone else, doing so would just create another Goblin tribe. If I want to clean up my mistake—”
He paused, and his tone indicated he didn’t share the other’s belief.
“—I should kill every last Goblin. Just order the army to surround and execute them. Finish the job that should have taken place at Liscor. Am I hearing you all correctly?”
He scowled at his advisors. Rie exchanged a look with Durene, for once in solid agreement. There was a sound from behind Prost.
“Your Majesty, you’ve explained why you think Goblins should be allowed their space. But Mister Prost is correct when he says they’ve committed a crime.”
Wiskeria spoke slowly. She wasn’t as furious as the others, but she did look at the [Emperor]. Laken sighed.
“True enough. And no, I won’t ignore this. But neither will I do something that will clearly lead to conflict. I’ve been trying to prove a point! One Goblin [Thief] is not all Goblins! And if they are warlike monsters with no capacity for reason, why have we not already had to slaughter them?”
He struck his armrest of the throne. The room fell silent. Laken looked around.
“I’m tired to death of arguing over their inherent evil. Yes, one Goblin stole crops. No, I will not order them all slain. Have you looked at them?”
“Have you?”
Durene’s mutter made the room go silent. Laken paused.
“I’m glad not to be able to see them, Durene. If they look like monsters, I’d probably be more inclined to treat them like monsters. But monsters do not weep. Monsters do not grieve. And I have heard both. I would rather give up ten thousand eggs than add to my sins.”
More silence. Laken sighed. He turned his head, looking past his immediate advisors.
“You’ve been very quiet, Witch Hedag, Witch Eloise. What do the [Witches] counsel?”
The two [Witches] looked up. Eloise was sipping a cup of tea. Hedag was making a charm, her thick fingers skillfully sewing something up. Hedag, the giant, looked at Eloise, and the old [Witch] answered with a polite smile and nod. Laken couldn’t see it, but politeness was Eloise.
“They have no reason to love you, your Majesty. Or any Humans. These Goblins have seen war. And your people have every right to fear what they’d do.”
Laken grimaced.
“True. I was hoping you’d take my side, Witch Eloise. Yes, they have every right to a grudge. But surely there is hope? Or must we slaughter them all? What of you, Witch Hedag?”
The big woman issued a booming laugh. Her axe was propped up in the chair she sat in—the two [Witches] had chairs, even if no one else did. They wouldn’t stand on an [Emperor]’s will. Hedag tipped her hat, grinning.
