7.05 P
Page 37
Why? The other Goblin gave Pebblesnatch a blank look. Why did he rot things? Why was this a class? He shrugged as he dipped another roll in his fishy sauce.
“Tastes good.”
That was really all there was to it. Holdnose enjoyed the process and what he made. Plus, you could bottle up the fermented sauce and it stayed good for months. Even as long as a year or more with Skills! It had saved his tribe in the old days more than once, during cold, long winters.
Pebblesnatch looked at Holdnose, deeply impressed. Even Erin didn’t know how to ferment. But this Goblin, a survivor from the battles, was happily fermenting garlic, fish, pickles, anything he could find.
It was also probably a survival mechanism—the food stank. Apparently, Holdnose could even chase away Rock Crabs if he made enough of a smell.
Pebblesnatch went back to camp with her fish sauce, which was a hit—she was already trying to figure out what to do with the potatoes a Goblin delivered her. Oh! The egg-Goblin! Somehow she’d found a…sack…of big potatoes.
“Found?”
Pebblesnatch stared at the other Goblin. The Goblin avoided her gaze and nodded. She hurriedly pressed the sack into Pebblesnatch’s hands and hurried off. Leafarmor came over, frowning.
“What?”
The [Cook] showed her. Leafarmor frowned.
“Found?”
Apparently. Pebblesnatch shrugged. The Hob paused, but then she shrugged too.
“Strange plants.”
She wandered off. Pebblesnatch agreed. For a Cave Goblin and a Redfang used to rocky, inhospitable terrain like the High Passes and the dungeon, the idea that you could stick food in the ground and get more food was stupid. And these were a lot of potatoes! Pebblesnatch could make fried fries, but…how basic.
She was imagining potato boats, hollowed out and refilled with good stuff, potato pancakes, mashed potatoes…
She headed into the hut where Ulvama let her sleep. Then Pebblesnatch wandered out. Leafarmor pricked up her ears as Pebblesnatch wandered over to her hut. The other Cave Goblins looked around. Ulvama’s hut was noisy.
Sex. Pebblesnatch sighed, and began peeling a potato. It really was strange. They were such big potatoes too. She wondered what level of [Gatherer] you had to be to find such nice plants.
 
[Cook Level 10!]
[Conditions Met: Cook → Forager Cook Class!]
[Class Consolidation: Grabber removed.]
[Skill – Natural Oils obtained!]
[Skill – One More Portion obtained!]
 
 
Bad Day, Witch Day.
 
Pebblesnatch had changed her classes. It put a smile on her face, even larger than on Raidpear’s. Leafarmor rolled her eyes and poked him, but Ulvama seemed satisfied too. With Pebblesnatch as much as herself.
[Forager Cook]. It wasn’t the best class consolidation, and it was still below [Chef]. But  Pebblesnatch had gotten it at Level 10. And—it had its benefits.
The first was her [Natural Oils] Skill. It sounded like nothing, but Pebblesnatch found she could distill a crazy amount of cooking oil from the animals the Redfangs brought in. Enough so that she could cook with it without waiting for the next kill. But if that Skill was ‘good’, her second Skill was amazing.
[One More Portion]. It meant that whenever she made anything—anything, there was always a bit more than what she’d thought. Like her wrapleaf roll paste. If Pebblesnatch made a huge bowl, she’d have a hand-sized portion when she was done, even if she should have just had the bowl’s worth.
It was the best Skill for Goblins. Not powerful, but even Ulvama was praising Pebblesnatch for it. She showed the little Goblin how to braid her hair as she explained.
