7.05 P
Page 46
And Pebblesnatch saw a Human with a bow on the wall staring at her. She dropped the stone, went out of throwing range. The Human scolded the boy. But he was there the next day.
Still, if that was all there was to it, Pebblesnatch would have been happy. But the Redfangs began to train, preparing themselves for the ‘someday’ Ulvama and the Hobs feared. More attention went towards the mines, where the Goldstone tribe Goblin had found iron ore.
He had a name now. Chanium. Which was a stupid name, but Ulvama insisted it had been the right one. She’d been giving some Goblins names, as rewards.
Pebblesnatch didn’t have one, even though Ulvama had offered. Raidpear and Leafarmor were the same. They had proper names, no matter what Ulvama said. Ulvama had told Pebblesnatch she could be called Lecci. Pebblesnatch had laughed her butt off! Lecci! Ulvama couldn’t do good names!
The [Shaman] had smacked her for that. But it was true that Chanium seemed proud of his name, since he hadn’t even had a nickname. And the Goblins were experimenting with the iron ore. You could melt it, make it into weapons. The Mountain City Goblins had proved surprisingly good at this concept—after all, Tremborag’s mountain had possessed Goblin [Smiths] and the ‘civilized’ Goblins liked metal more than the other tribes.
Pebblesnatch just cooked. She found more ingredients, now that the Humans had blocked off access to easy greens. Some of the Cave Goblins had planted the seeds left over from some of their meals, and they were zealously checking the spots. There were even a few shoots and the budding [Growers] were very pleased at the idea of free food.
But for now, Pebblesnatch was trying to make insects tasty. Which, generally, involved using her dwindling supply of flour and deep-frying the insects to make them breaded—or glazing them with some sugar. It worked! But it was hardly filling, and Pebblesnatch was worried about the day when the flour or sugar ran out.
Sometimes the shouty Human, Gamel, came by to ask if the Goblins wanted to trade. Anything. But no Goblin ever answered. Ulvama, Raidpear, Leafarmor, all were in agreement. The Humans got nothing.
Pebblesnatch didn’t understand. Surely they could give the Humans something. Shiny rocks! She’d gather them herself for more flour, or lemons. But Ulvama refused.
“Don’t give them anything. They want something. We give them nothing. We are prisoners. They have power. Don’t need more.”
She would scold Pebblesnatch. The little Cave Goblin just shook her head. Ulvama, the Redfangs, the other Goblins—they stared at the Humans standing on the walls. Stared up. Glared. At the ‘better’ Humans. As if Goblins were automatically worse.
Erin had never said Pebblesnatch was worse. The Cave Goblins had been worse than scum, compared to the Raskghar. But they had killed their masters. Won their freedom. In a way, Pebblesnatch’s self-esteem was higher than any of the other tribes. She thought that was awfully funny.
 
—-
 
One day, as she was circuiting the edge of the Human’s wall, Pebblesnatch saw a strange sight. There was a…blue thing, sitting in the grass.
It wasn’t a boulder, or an animal. And it had a pokey head. Pebblesnatch stared at it. She thought it was some odd rock, until it moved and she realized.
It was a Human. The Cave Goblin instead backed up. A Human? On this side of the wall? Were they attacking?
