7.05 P
Page 33
Ulvama took an interest on the same day as Pebblesnatch demanded she help find more ingredients. The [Shaman] eyed the lone Goblin from the Goldstone Tribe digging up rocks happily and frowned. She ignored Pebblesnatch as the Cave Goblin excitedly dug up a nest of the crawling, orange beetles.
“I will sleep. Don’t disturb.”
The [Shaman] ignored Pebblesnatch tugging excitedly at her arm. She went back to her hut and promptly lay down. Pebblesnatch, annoyed, turned back to the beetles.
Her [Ingredients Sense] told her they were good ingredients. Cautiously, Pebblesnatch tried one, popping it into her mouth. Instantly, she spat it out.
Spicy! The beetle’s shell was spicy! The rest of it was ick, too mushy for anything. But Pebblesnatch quickly ordered some of the Cave Goblins to find the orange-shelled beetle that liked to hide in similarly-colored dirt. The spice was immediate, fiery, and didn’t go away. But it made you want to live.
Aglow with it, Pebblesnatch ran over to Ulvama’s hut. But the [Shaman] was deep asleep. Even when Pebblesnatch opened one eyelid, she only saw the whites of Ulvama’s eyes.
A bit…disconcerted, Pebblesnatch left the hut. Even the deepest Goblin sleepers woke up at someone shaking them. Maybe the Mountain City Goblins were that secure and lazy, but Pebblesnatch felt uneasy.
Nevertheless, she was too busy, so she found Leafarmor instead. The Hobgoblin readily agreed to help Pebblesnatch. And she knew exactly what the little Cave Goblin needed. She took Pebblesnatch up, along the base of the mountain to some very odd, flat, long leaves on the ground. They radiated out from a central blossom.
“See? Wrapleaf. Don’t touch.”
The Hobgoblin cautioned Pebblesnatch. The large bloom was inconspicuous amid some other plant life. Pebblesnatch didn’t see what was so special about it—until Leafarmor cut a strand loose. She handled the long, wide leaf from the bottom, and offered the upraised surface to Pebblesnatch.
“Try. Touch top.”
Pebblesnatch eyed the leaf. It had little brown spots buried along the exposed outside. Seeds? She cautiously touched one—
And the wrapleaf curled around Pebblesnatch’s hand. It grabbed her hard, instantly tensing. Pebblesnatch shouted in agony.
Grinning, Leafarmor grabbed the wrapleaf and pried both ends off Pebblesnatch. It only wrapped hard for a second—then it let go. But Pebblesnatch’s hand still hurt! She stared at her hand and exclaimed.
Tiny little burrs were stuck onto her skin. Seeds! Pebblesnatch furiously dug them out of her bleeding skin. Leafarmor helped her get them out.
She might have warned Pebblesnatch, but there was no better teacher than experience as Goblins looked at it. And Pebblesnatch, staring at the wrapleaf, realized that stepping on a bigger leaf would have those little burrs embedded all over your leg.
“Wrapleaf. Strong, right? Lets go quick. Even little things live. But—seeds. How it spreads.”
Leafarmor showed Pebblesnatch the wrapleaf that had got her. The stupid plant was denuded of seeds, having done its work. Pebblesnatch slapped the leaf angrily—then sniffed it and took a bite.
Hm! Not great. Rubbery, a bit bitter—but she could work with this! And the wrapleaf was plentiful here. It was the first big plant Pebblesnatch had discovered. She towed it back to the camp and got to work.
 
—-
 
By the time Ulvama emerged from her hut, she found Pebblesnatch working on her next creation. Wrapleaf clinging tightly around a little mix of vegetables.
