7.05 P
Page 53
The half-Troll girl flailed, trying to grab Pebblesnatch, but the Cave Goblin, in a berserker’s fury, had climbed up Durene’s head. She bashed at the half-Troll girl’s head, howling in fury. Suffer! Suffer! S—
Pebblesnatch stopped. The crushing hand didn’t swat her to the ground and the foot didn’t smash her flat. The hand did grab her, but it just dangled her in the air. Pebblesnatch, waving her arms and screaming, realized everyone had gone silent.
“Hold. You will not move.”
Laken Godart was on his feet. The army around him was stock-still. They stared at the Goblins, a few dozen paces away.
The Goblins stared back. They were free to move, but they were just watching Pebblesnatch. Durene, cursing, let go of Pebblesnatch. The Cave Goblin dropped to the ground.
“What is it?”
One of the Humans cried out. A Human female in a dress, behind the others. The [Emperor] turned.
“Is it standing in front of me, Gamel?”
“Yes, sire.”
“…Did you say it’s wearing a hat?”
The [Knight] stared down at Pebblesnatch, at a loss for words. The Goblin raised her ladle.
“Enough!”
The [Witches] appeared. They walked between both forces, four pointed hats. No, five. Nanette stood with them. Her bleeding cheek had stopped. And her gaze—was a little less blank. She stared at Pebblesnatch.
The Cave Goblin looked around. The [Witches] turned. Mavika’s eyes flashed.
“Who struck at a [Witch] alone?”
“Witch Mavika, what are you talking about—”
The [Emperor] fell silent as the crows flying over Mavika’s head screamed. All the Humans flinched. Even the Goblins flinched. A dark, primordial swarm of crows filled the sky. Black of wing. Huge. And a Raven landed on Mavika’s shoulder.
The [Witch] was furious. Her black, bird’s eyes looked through the crowd of Human. She shouted her voice a shriek.
“This was not the fault of Goblins. A Goblin defended a [Witch] while your ilk threw stones and cursed her name. There will be blood for shame!”
The crows in the sky circled lower. The Humans backed away. Five [Witches] stood in a line. It took Laken Godart a minute to figure out what had been said. His head jerked as Gamel whispered in her ear. The Humans looked at Nanette, saw the blood. Durene gasped. Then Laken spun.
“Who dared attack a [Witch] on my lands?”
The [Emperor] thundered. The Humans backed up. The Goblins stared. Raidpear nudged Leafarmor.
“What this?”
She shrugged. The [Witches] were furious. The Human’s wrath turned to confusion. And then dismay. Some of them protested. Mavika’s flock howled.
Pebblesnatch, staring up the sky, saw the [Witch] raise her hand. Giant crows flew out of the storm of birds. They swooped at the Humans, terrible, winged monsters from another age. The Humans screamed and fled. More crows flew after them, through the air. And then every bird in the forest and air exploded into the air. They descended on the Humans, on the village, harrying, howling like a force from hell.
A [Witch]’s wrath. The Human army fled. The [Emperor] stood his ground, trying to placate the Crow Witch’s fury. The few Humans who dared loose arrows or strike at the crows saw the huge, terrible beasts burst into smaller crows which attacked them, drawing blood, pecking at eyes.
They ran. Laken Godart eventually stopped the crows. Mavika’s fury subsided. She stormed into the village for justice. For wrath and ruin. To remind the good folk of the Unseen Empire about a pact. About why—if you were going to curse a [Witch], you had better do it right.
