7.05 P
Page 39
She’d left a trail. She had come past the line the [Emperor] had drawn in the ground. There was shouting from that way, distant, but growing in volume.
A funny thing. Perhaps the [Emperor] watched closely, even now. The Goblins had stopped trying to escape their territory—they mainly did it once every few days at most, just to see if the Humans had given up. But they were always caught.
Because the [Emperor] could sense a lone Goblin, or a small group making tracks away from his territory. But what about closer to his village? Where there were so many other Humans, milling about? If a lone Goblin crept around when he was slumbering…
Pebblesnatch looked at the wounded [Thief] Goblin whom Ulvama was tending to and knew. The shouting was growing louder, from far off. The Redfangs stirred. They gripped their weapons and the other Goblins looked up. A familiar feeling of dread engulfed Pebblesnatch.
The quiet days were over. Raidpear slowly emerged from Ulvama’s hut with a spear. He looked at Leafarmor and she sighed.
“Death time.”
 
—-
 
“Your majesty, Riverfarm’s folk won’t tolerate any more of it! I’ve talked them down, but something must be done. Please, sire!”
Laken Godart sat on his wooden throne. He waited until Mister Prost was done. The [Steward] was unusually agitated, to raise his voice against Laken. But then, this concerned his greatest objection.
“The Goblins. Tell me no one crossed their border?”
“No, your Majesty. But we’re watching it! Beniar’s got a few [Riders] stationed there, but a few [Archers] have bows since—”
He faltered. Laken sighed.
“Since I won’t post an armed guard. Your objection, Mister Prost, is noted. And have the Goblins responded?”
“They’ve got weapons, sire. The ones with red stripes are in front. The rest of ‘em are loitering about.”
“That’s a relief.”
Laken sighed. Mister Prost stared at him.
“Your Majesty—”
“It’s regrettable. Certainly, Mister Prost. But I don’t understand why this is the straw that has broken Riverfarm’s back.”
Laken looked up, and around his throne room. Well, that’s what he called it.
The room was silent for a moment. Durene, Wiskeria, Lady Rie, were all silent. And so were the two [Witches] with the pointed hats. Gamel, standing by the doors, wasn’t going to say anything. Laken turned his head.
“One thief.”
“As far as we know, your Majesty. But it explains all the thefts we’ve been having!”
“All of them? Mister Prost, you were convinced we had at least a dozen petty thieves in Riverfarm. And I’ve already found eighteen.”
The [Steward] faltered.
“Well—certainly it explains who’s been raiding the chickens and our fields! We posted a watch, but we barely noticed the damn Goblin. Good thing Longwain spotted it—”
“And promptly put an arrow in its shoulder. Couldn’t he have called an alarm?”
“But sire—”
“Should the [Farmers] have entertained [Thieves], your Majesty? Goblin or not, that is how they deal with those who steal what they’ve worked hard to grow.”
Lady Rie’s voice was smooth. The [Lady] shifted as Laken turned his head, his eyes still closed towards her.
“I suppose not, Lady Rie. But I’m just a bit dismayed at the reaction of Riverfarm’s folk. I believed the village had just gotten used to the idea of Goblins…existing. Without having harmed anyone, for over two weeks. There’s been no violence.”
“But we’ve been raided all that time, your Majesty.”
“Raided. By a single Goblin?”
“There may be more.”
“True. But—raided? I’ve seen a Goblin raid, Prost.”
The [Steward] paused. The former [Farmer] tightened his hands.
“Yes, your Majesty. You saved us. And we were there. I was there.”
