7.05 P
Page 21
One of the things Raidpear had pulled out was a metal ladle. And he’d forgotten to put the rock back on the crate. This was her chance. Pebblesnatch crept over to the pile of tools. She didn’t need the hammer, or anything else. She grabbed the ladle. It wasn’t even that badly rusted! She just needed a pot and—
“Stop!”
Ulvama seized her. The [Shaman] had spotted her! Pebblesnatch shouted in alarm and tried to run, but the Hobgoblin grabbed the hand holding the ladle.
“No touching. Give it to me!”
Pebblesnatch hung on, but the female Hobgoblin was strong. She was going to take it! But Pebblesnatch needed it! She wanted—
She wanted to cook! The little Cave Goblin screamed in fury. She was tired of it! Tired of eating bland food! Tired of being bossed about!
She opened her mouth. Ulvama jerked her hand back as Pebblesnatch bit. The little Cave Goblin’s jaws snapped shut an inch away from Ulvama’s fingertips. The [Shaman] let go as Pebblesnatch bit again. She didn’t have her staff. Pebblesnatch raised the ladle like a club.
“Stop!”
The Redfangs emerged from their huts and watched as Pebblesnatch attacked Ulvama, biting and spitting. The [Shaman] glowered, but she wasn’t quite willing to deck Pebblesnatch. She was getting there, but she backed up. The Redfangs grinned. They were greatly entertained by the scene.
Before Ulvama decided to kick her, Pebblesnatch feinted, swinging at the [Shaman]’s belly and then turned and ran. She raced over to the crates. Before anyone could stop her, Pebblesnatch leapt in.
The crates were fill of pillows, and tools! Pebblesnatch had only one desire, though. She looked around. Where…?
Pan! She snatched the cast-iron pan, adding to her other hand. Pebblesnatch looked around, but this wasn’t the crate with food things. She clambered out as Ulvama stormed over.
“Stop!”
The [Shaman] grabbed at her. Now the other Redfangs—including Raidpear—were coming over. Pebblesnatch saw them pointing.
She fled. The other Goblins chased her, but Pebblesnatch ran hard and fast. She reached the forest before the Goblins could catch her. Then she hid.
Cave Goblins were excellent at hiding. And Pebblesnatch had her hiding place. She squeezed into a narrow trunk as the slower, bigger Goblins thundered after her and failed to spot her, hidden. They searched for a while, then gave up. It was only two tools. And they had better things to do. After all, what could Pebblesnatch do with them?
Everything.
 
—-
 
She had cooking things! Pebblesnatch regarded her haul as she emerged from her hiding space. She put them on the ground and studied them. She had…
A frying pan. And a ladle. Pebblesnatch’s face fell. Neither tool exactly went with the other. But—it was something.
You needed a surface to cook on. Almost more than you needed any other tool, having something flat that you could hold was important. Well, spices were important, and oil, and knives, and…cooking was a lot of work.
But this called to Pebblesnatch. Slowly, she picked up the pan. Tapped it with one claw. And Pebblesnatch looked into her hiding spot.
She’d almost forgotten her second possession. It was all crumpled up. Dirty, from being used as a pillow from so many days. It had lost its floof.
But Pebblesnatch pulled it out now. She dusted it off, beat it into shape. And it rose.
Dirty white. A high, mushroom-like headdress. Almost comedic—a toque blanche. Not even Erin used it, but she’d bought some for the look of it. And one had found its way into the Cave Goblin’s possession. She had never let it go.
