7.05 P
Page 38
“When higher level, bigger portions. Lots of food. Starving tribes don’t starve if you make all the food.”
Pebblesnatch wriggled as the [Shaman] braided her hair. Ulvama tapped her hard on the head and Pebblesnatch stopped. Ulvama had gotten her wish too.
Raidpear wasn’t in charge, but between him and Leafarmor, he had a loud command of the camp. And with Ulvama, she’d gotten more Goblins to follow the Goldstone Goblin in mining ore. Ulvama wanted to make iron. She also wanted tools for her hut. Ingredients for paint, and so on. And all the Goblins were obliging her wishes.
“Tribe should be strong. Tribe needs a [Chieftain].”
“Raidpear?”
Pebblesnatch scoffed. The Goblins here didn’t need a [Chieftain]! They were still prisoners! Even if they had been here in peace, they couldn’t leave. And…they’d had Chieftains.
Amazing ones. How could Raidpear compete, even if he tried? He didn’t want to. Ulvama pulled Pebblesnatch’s hair, scowling.
“We need a [Chieftain]. Stop moving.”
Pebblesnatch didn’t argue. Ulvama did what Ulvama wanted. So did Pebblesnatch.
Her cooking ability in the Goblin camp had grown by leaps and bounds. Now, any meal had to have a sauce, or some glazing, or at least some decent spicing on the roasting meat, without burning the food. Even the other Goblins were inspired by her cooking. Pebblesnatch was no [Chieftain], but she had an influence on the camp.
And she was happy with that. So happy, just to eat and find new foods. It made her stop thinking about the inn, and Pebblesnatch visited the bark door with the glowing red mana stone in it less and less. It wasn’t perfect, living like this. But it was okay.
 
—-
 
It continued, those pleasant days, for almost four days in a row. Four days of happiness. Pebblesnatch slept in the Redfang huts since she was clearly unwelcome in Ulvama’s hut. Leafarmor seemed content with the obvious relationship between the [Shaman] and Raidpear.
“Makes happy. Also, not want. Ulvama tried me too.”
She winked at Pebblesnatch as she sewed a second set of leaf armor up. Pebblesnatch blinked at her. Leafarmor seemed to know what Ulvama was doing and didn’t care. Because all was well.
Until the day a Goblin came staggering into their little village, screaming in pain. Pebblesnatch tumbled out of her hut in alarm, and Leafarmor was out of her cot in a second, throwing axe in hand. The other Goblins were on their feet too. They stared as the Goblin fell to her knees.
It was the Goblin who’d found the brown eggs. She had more now, in a little satchel. And something else.
A feathered arrow, protruding from one shoulder.
She had come from the direction of Riverfarm. Pebblesnatch was uncomprehending as Ulvama raced from her hut. She didn’t understand. The Goblin had gone towards Riverfarm? Why?
It was funny. At least, ironic. Cave Goblins didn’t steal. They didn’t even think of it, because all they’d known were their Raskghar masters. They’d been part of a tribe where they sometimes took food in secret, to live, or snatched things, but they had no concept of stealing from anyone else. After all, the dungeon had only walking suits of armor, monsters, traps. There was no one to steal from.
It had never occurred to Pebblesnatch how the egg-Goblin had gotten her eggs. Or the potatoes. The carrots. The cucumbers or anything else. She’d assumed someone had found the vegetables. But now, Pebblesnatch saw Ulvama peering at the arrow. The [Shaman] looked around, and then the way the Goblin had come.
