7.05 P
Page 18
They were sharing information about the Humans. This was new. Pebblesnatch crawled closer as she listened to them trade information. The Redfangs were just as worried about being attacked as they were about escaping. Well, the issues went hand-in-hand.
Some had clashed with the Humans here. Pebblesnatch furtively eavesdropped as she gathered ant eggs from her hill. The Redfangs said they were good. Could use poison, see in dark—Pebblesnatch listened wide-eyed. They had a Troll!
That news intrigued Raidpear and Leafarmor. The two Hobs leaned in. The female Hobgoblin inquired as she checked her stone spear.
“Good?”
The Flooded Water Goblin shrugged.
“Almost beat Pyrite.”
Leafarmor had no idea who that was, but apparently Raidpear had been a defector to the Flooded Waters tribe. Which meant he and Leafarmor had been enemies, and now they were in the same tribe, they were…confusing. Either way, he made a face.
“What death?”
Leafarmor looked at Raidpear. He frowned, calculating.
“Goldstone Chieftain. Was strong. Strong as Redscar. Maybe. Stronger than Spiderslicer.”
“No.”
She glared at him. Raidpear nodded.
“Strong.”
Leafarmor stared. Raidpear nodded again. She frowned, grunted, began sharpening the tip of her spear even more. The other warriors looked at each other.
“Hard to kill. Humans come—all die. Fast, helpless death.”
One of the Flooded Waters Tribe Goblin announced cheerfully. The Redfangs barely looked up. They all nodded. Pebblesnatch saw one of the Goblins stir.
Ulvama. She leaned in, her bare skin glittering by firelight. Her paint was glowing. She looked at the Redfangs.
“We should not fight the Humans. We should escape. Send more Goblins to find a way.”
Her words were in the common tongue. The Mountain City tribe eschewed using the Goblin’s language. As if that made them better. The Redfangs and other warriors glanced at Ulvama. The Redfangs looked especially…blasé. Ulvama seemed to realize her words lacked weight. She drew herself up, clutching her staff.
“I am the [Shaman] of the Mountain City tribe. Shaman of the Great Chieftain, Tremborag.”
“Was.”
One of the Flooded Waters Goblins put in helpfully. Ulvama kicked at him. Pebblesnatch just stared.
What did a [Shaman] do? She had no idea, besides boss people around. Neither, it seemed, did many of the Goblins except for Ulvama’s old tribe. Indignantly, Ulvama pointed at the Redfangs reluctant to accept her authority.
“All Goblin tribes have [Shaman]! Must have! For memory! Magic! Names!”
“Not Flooded Waters tribe.”
“Not Redfangs. Don’t need.”
Pebblesnatch nodded.
Not the Cave Goblins. They didn’t even have Hobs. Ulvama looked around, incredulous. Then she scowled. She raised her staff, and her eyes flashed.
“[Shamans] have magic!”
She brought down the butt of the staff. And the fire in front of her roared upwards. Pebblesnatch shouted in alarm and the Goblins rolled away as a pillar of flame shot up into the sky.
Just for a second. Then the fire resumed its regular burn. The Redfangs stared at Ulvama. So did Raidpear and Leafarmor. They traded glances. A bit more respectfully, the Goblins returned to the fire.
Pebblesnatch stared at Ulvama in awe. The [Shaman] folded her arms.
“Send Goblins to search. I will use magic to hide them.”
Raidpear and Leafarmor conferred. At last, Leafarmor nodded. She poked at the Redfang [Scout]. She pointed.
“Go that way?”
The Redfang female nodded, eying Ulvama warily. Raidpear agreed.
“You. You. You. Go.”
He pointed.
