7.05 P
Page 3
Still—if Riverfarm had any worries, it wasn’t Belavierr at the moment. Which was ironic. She gave Laken nightmares. But Riverfarm’s folk were more afraid of…
Laken’s mind turned to a blank spot in his lands. A large, vast blank spot along the side of the mountains. It had been his land, but now it was not. He had no idea what was going on there, but he monitored what he could sense.
“Gamel.”
The young man paused as he returned.
“Your Majesty?”
“They’re sneaking out again. Five of them. Tell Beniar to force them back. Just along the mountainside. They’re splitting up—two climbing higher, the other two heading for the marshlands.”
“Yes, Emperor Godart.”
Gamel bowed. He couldn’t disguise the feeling in his voice, nor the way he picked up his step as he ran off. Laken sighed.
“Trouble, your Majesty?”
The soft voice came from the side. Lady Rie Valerund looked at Laken as he turned. He shook his head.
“Just another attempt from our guests to leave, Lady Rie.”
“So soon?”
Her tone sharpened. Laken couldn’t really ‘see’ her face, but her posture was agitated. She didn’t like them any more than the villagers. Laken ignored Rie’s pointed question.
“Beniar will catch them. They’re unmounted.”
“Dangerous.”
“Really? Riverfarm outnumbers them countless times over. And this is all they’ve done. In fact, all they’ve done.”
The [Lady] pursed her lips. Laken’s tone was exasperated.
“They have armed themselves, your Majesty.”
“Have they? You’ve clearly had them watched more than I. And what have our evil monsters done?”
Laken’s tone made Rie flush. Or at least, he thought she did. The [Lady] paused.
“Well, they have armed themselves despite failing to take advantage of your generosity—”
“As you said. The hundreds of them. A ravening horde. How many new recruits have joined our army so far? Just a quick estimate would do.”
Rie delicately ignored the question.
“—However, they have not done…much, your Majesty. They seem content to laze about. For now.”
Laken heard the note of confusion in Rie’s voice. She’d expected them to set about doing something. But the guests, Riverfarm’s worries—and Laken’s debt—were just doing that.
Nothing. The Goblins were in that blank spot, Laken knew. He couldn’t see them. He had given them territory. And they…he smiled ruefully.
“Scheiße. I underestimated them.”
Lady Rie paused.
“Yes, your Majesty? In what way?”
The [Emperor] shrugged. He leaned on his white cane, though he didn’t really need it. It was just habit to walk with it.
“They’ve splendidly failed my every expectation. You told me they were cunning. But they outsmarted my best efforts.”
“By doing nothing?”
Laken turned his head towards Lady Rie. His closed eyes opened for a moment.
“Precisely.”
Lady Rie Valerund waited. But Laken didn’t explain himself anymore. He just walked past Lady Rie.
“Report to me if they move, Lady Valerund.”
She opened her mouth to protest, but Laken just swept off. And she had to trail after him as he greeted Miss Yesel. The [Emperor] moved where he chose, and worked on whatever he could. But he couldn’t improve or change or coerce one group.
They sat or stood or lazed in a place several miles away from Riverfarm’s borders. Not too far, but in their own territory. A large, vast space, really, which could have become farmlands. Or mines. Far more than a few hundred Goblins needed. They could do anything there, except easily leave.
Beniar’s [Riders] shepherded five Goblins back towards the edge of their territory. It was clearly marked—people had planted signs, warning any traveller who didn’t know what lurked here.
