7.05 P
Page 28
The Goblins loved her cooking. The Redfangs especially. Pebblesnatch was proud of that. The problem was—the Mountain City tribe, led by Ulvama, weren’t as impressed.
Oh, they agreed. You had to break open the crates to let Pebblesnatch cook. No question. And she had to cook. If you remembered what real food tasted like, not blocks of meat or squirming bugs—you had to do it. But…they were ‘civilized’ Goblins, who had [Cooks] of their own. Ulvama hadn’t been impressed at Pebblesnatch’s rough cooking.
Yet. The little Cave Goblin kicked around the next day, searching for good things to eat. She whirled.
Aha! She found an ant hive here, a beetle there—dandelions hidden here—
Her new Skill, [Ingredients Sense] allowed her to instantly know what edible things were around her! And for a Goblin, that meant almost anything but dirt. And some types of dirt.
It had a range of about…five feet. But it picked up everything in the area. Pebblesnatch peered at some dandelions. She inspected a roach and shook her head sadly.
“This?”
A Goblin wandered up to Pebblesnatch, holding a weed. The Goblin eyed the runny flower on top, tasted it, and spat a few times. She shook her head and the Goblin, disappointed, wandered off.
A lot could change in a day. Pebblesnatch, by virtue of her cooking ability and her hat, had achieved a level of respect. As much as the Goblins who were [Hunters], or even the Hobs! Okay, not the Hobs. They were more than happy to let her cook. But the real result of yesterday had been…
The crates. Yes, they’d been broken open for less-than-altruistic reasons. Raidpear had endured a few kicks for listening to his stomach over his objection to Laken Godart. But hunger had opened the door. Or crate. Pebblesnatch had access to all the foodstuffs the Humans had left, which was mainly dried goods like flour, sugar, salt, and so on. But there was dried meat…which was green at this point…and eggs in one crate…which smelled really bad…
But the crates were open. And if you were going to take something from the crates, you might as well take everything. The next day, in between hunting for new ingredients, Pebblesnatch watched as the Redfangs and other Goblins began converting every blade they’d been left. They exchanged handles, tested axes—
“Good. Heavy here. Light here.”
Leafarmor was adjusting a wood chopping axe, a hatchet, so it could be thrown. The Hobgoblin tested, and the axe head blurred forwards and thunked into the dirt past Raidpear. He looked mildly put out by the near miss.
“Miss.”
She kicked dirt at him as the female Hob went to retrieve the axe. Leafarmor was strong. And she was a loyal Redfang, whatever that meant. Pebblesnatch was making a fondue since the Humans left lots of cheese and some of it had begun to grow stuff. Melting cheese was easy, even if you only had a bowl. The tricky thing was not burning it in the cooking fire. She was also learning about the other Goblins.
Leafarmor had once made armor out of leaves. Tough leaves, apparently. The Hob had been separated from her tribe after a bad attack and wounded, so she’d used the only resource on hand to patch her wounds and create a second skin to fight in. She’d killed her way back to the Redfangs after fighting through a dozen Eater Goats and impressed Garen Redfang so much he’d given her the nickname.
She was making another set now. The Humans hadn’t included weapons, but the Redfangs, roused to action, wanted armor. They’d been stripped of their gear, so they were manufacturing more.
