7.05 P
Page 45
Off-duty. Humans came and went. They had actual jobs; this was what Laken Godart had allowed in their free time off. But every Human in Riverfarm, young and old, was helping in the spare time they’d been allotted. [Engineers], [Farmers], wives, husbands, children.
They worked together, Lancrel folk and townsfolk and strangers and Riverfarm’s original number. Mister Prost, Durene—working shoulder-to-shoulder, talking, laughing even at times, and keeping a wary eye on the Goblins. It was an outpouring of community and togetherness.
The Goblins were less-than-pleased by the neighborly spirit themselves. They did not like another reminder of being caged, and the wall was going to encircle all their territory, as stupid an idea as that was. It would stretch miles! But the Humans thought it was a good idea. If you couldn’t kill the Goblins, why not make sure they wouldn’t attack in the night? They wanted to make the wall ten feet high—no, twenty! A solid, smooth wall so the Goblins couldn’t climb over.
Pebblesnatch would have just dug under it. Honestly, if she had to, she’d have used a ladder. Or a rope. Or…it would certainly discourage that one Goblin who’d been stealing. But the arrow had already done that. Still—the Humans didn’t attack.
That relieved Pebblesnatch. But not Ulvama or the others. They watched the wall go up. The Humans were good at building. The first section of the wall was already done, well, mostly. The Humans had decided some of them would patrol at night. It was all voluntary, since their [Emperor] didn’t demand it. But they weren’t going to let the stinking Goblins get past.
The stinking Goblins stared at the wall. When it became clear no one was going to kill them, Leafarmor and Raidpear washed their faces. Pebblesnatch wasn’t sure if they were disappointed or relieved.
 
 
Doll Day
 
After a while, Pebblesnatch got used to the wall. It kept going up, and kept growing longer. At first, the Humans worked on it every spare chance, but after a solid week of building, they got bored, or tired of chopping down trees and getting stones and digging and such.
Fewer Humans came by. But there were still several hundred who devoted every day to it. And there were always Humans on the walls, sometimes with bows, but sometimes with just torches at night, keeping an eye out.
The Redfangs were annoyed by it. They opined that they could sneak up and cut half the throats on the wall before the Humans so much as noticed. Who used fire at night? They were just blinding themselves. It annoyed them, to see the smug Humans.
But the wall was well within Human territory, and the no-person’s-land between the Goblins and Humans wasn’t too noticeable. You could wander into it, but Pebblesnatch found it was easy for her to ignore most of the time. She had a vocation. Cooking.
The only annoying bit for her were the children. They’d run along parts of the wall that were finished and throw stones and jeer at any Goblin in sight. The Goblins, wary of the bows from the Humans, usually just avoided the missiles, but some of the children began to gain classes and their rocks grew more accurate. Sometimes a Human would chastise them and they’d run off, but half of the adults were more than happy enough to turn another eye.
One time, a Human boy as tall as Pebblesnatch threw a rock when she was gathering woodlice. She dodged it, but the stone was heavy and it nearly hit her in the face! She grabbed the stone, about to throw back. The jeering boy paused—
