7.05 P
Page 32
“Strong Goblin is strong. But I can be second-strongest.”
She was looking at Raidpear. The Hob had thus far spoken with Ulvama and not done much else. But like other Goblins, he looked at Ulvama when she wasn’t watching. Pebblesnatch stared at Ulvama. She asked.
“He?”
The [Shaman] shrugged.
“Or female. Male is easier. But take power. Any way. Food is power.”
She pointed at Pebblesnatch’s french toast. Then snagged a third piece. The Cave Goblin [Cook] looked down and nodded slowly.
“Weaker power. But power. Not bad.”
Ulvama chewed her mouthful down. She was so judgy! If she’d been at Erin’s inn—Pebblesnatch would have had more ingredients! Like honey! Then she’d make Ulvama say it was good!
The Cave Goblin squatted protectively over the rest of her french toast, but the [Shaman] was full. She leaned on her staff as she added more shadow around her eyes. She looked only one more time at Pebblesnatch. And that was to shake her head as she pointed around the Goblin’s camp.
“Tremborag was Great Chieftain. Bigger than little Goblin Rags. Older than Garen Redfang. He died. Humans always kill us. Always.”
She looked at the little Cave Goblin and patted Pebblesnatch’s head.
“Eat now. Be happy. Then die.”
She took another bite of the french toast she’d stolen. Pebblesnatch scowled. But Ulvama looked sad, so Pebblesnatch made more french toast quietly. It wasn’t as good as the inn.
But it was tasty.
 
[Cook Level 7!]
 
 
Wrapleaf Day
 
Pebblesnatch was basic. She had to acknowledge that fact. If Ulvama poo-pooing her food—despite demanding custom-meals like the french toast—wasn’t sign enough, the Cave Goblin knew it from her level.
Yes, she could fry food and do a few things better than any Goblin, but she was hardly a [Chef]. She wore the hat, but Pebblesnatch remembered the cooking competition. She had come in dead last. She had faced the best cooks of each tribe and they had known how to cook. In her arrogance, Pebblesnatch had made the worst dish, assuming the hat and simply living in Erin’s inn and eating good food was enough.
Now, all those great Goblin cooks were dead. Garry might live, but he was far away. So in their absence, Pebblesnatch did what she’d been too arrogant to do in Erin’s inn: she learned.
She was hampered by her ingredients, first-off. Pebblesnatch had taken for granted Erin’s kitchen and the convenience of ingredients from a city. But Goblins? Goblins had to live on food in their area. And what they had…wasn’t enough.
Take meat, for instance. Pebblesnatch knew tricks. She could grind the meat, braid it, coat it, and even prepare it different ways. Water, oil, fire—
But she couldn’t do much more to it for lack of…things. Like lemons! Where was her sour? But there was no lemon or vinegar in the supplies the Humans had left. Maybe they’d thought Goblins didn’t need vinegar.
Oafs. Pebblesnatch also lacked for other tastes on the ladder of good additions. In fact—she could only do so much with meat. So she kept asking for more ingredients and searching.
The first thing she found were beetles. There were orange beetles around the base of the mountain that some of the Goblins liked to explore. The Goblin who liked stones and who had found all the rocks was of the opinion that there was good stone here. Possibly something underground. The Humans had left picks and shovels, so he spent his day digging a hole into the mountain.
The other Goblins thought he was crazy. Even the Redfangs, who would have liked iron or metal to make more weapons with. But how was someone going to build a forge?
