7.05 P
Page 50
It cut open her cheek, next to the nose. The children stared at the blood. They cheered. Pebblesnatch saw the little [Witch] staring ahead. The Cave Goblin stared at the [Witch]. The stone-throwers were preparing to go. One last stone—they were pointing at the hat.
You needed a poofy hat.
Pebblesnatch burst out of the grass. She didn’t know when she started running. Nor did she have her hat on. But before the last stone flew, she was running.
Running at the wall.
The Human children didn’t even realize what they were looking at, at first. The angry Cave Goblin was so fast she was halfway to the wall before they spotted her. But then one of the girls pointed.
“Goblin!”
They turned. They saw Pebblesnatch and faltered. Fear, mortal and sudden, engulfed them.
But—it was only one Cave Goblin. The boy with the stone took aim. He hurled it at Pebblesnatch. The Cave Goblin raised one arm and blocked the stone before it could hit her eye. She felt a stinging pain on her arm. But that was nothing to what lay in her heart.
She ran through a gap in the wall. The stupid Humans still had them. The children were screaming now, running.
“Goblin! Goblin!”
They were calling the alarm. But they weren’t terrified. There was one Cave Goblin, and many of them. They were her size. A few of the large ones raised their fists, grabbing rocks.
That was their mistake. They thought size made them equal. They forgot Pebblesnatch, small though she was, Cave Goblin though she was, was a Goblin. She had killed monsters. She had fought, been trained by Rabbiteater.
She charged up the stairs the Humans had built. The first boy swung a rock. Pebblesnatch kicked him off the wall. She seized the next, brought her head forwards. She broke something. Probably a face.
The Cave Goblin was surrounded by Humans. They screamed as the first boy landed and shrieked in agony as he hit the ground, ten feet down. The others raised their stones. They screamed, opening their mouths wide.
The Cave Goblin’s jaws opened, exposing a double row of sharp teeth. The Humans looked into that mouth and paled. Pebblesnatch bit. She grabbed another arm, snatched the stone, and began bashing everything in sight.
The screaming children’s voices didn’t attract anyone at first. But eventually, someone did hear the shriek. And then—there was a horn. Pebblesnatch heard shouting.
“Goblin!”
She looked up from kicking the boy with [Unerring Throw] in the stomach. Pebblesnatch had a few bruises, nothing else. The children had either fled or were lying on the ground. Every time one got up, Pebblesnatch hit them.
She froze as the Humans thundered at her. They had bows. And one burst out of the trees near the wall. He saw the scene. Took aim.
Pebblesnatch dove off the walls. The arrow missed. The Cave Goblin landed on one of the children she’d thrown, scrambled up.
She ran. But the Humans didn’t stop at the walls. They saw the children, saw the Goblin running. And they crossed the wall.
 
—-
 
The day the Goblins had waited for came out of nowhere. It began with Pebblesnatch, running, horns, blaring. The Redfangs, training by themselves, looked up and heard death in the air.
They grabbed their weapons. Raidpear held still as Ulvama frantically painted the magic sigils on his body. Leafarmor just laughed.
“Run.”
The Hobgoblin patted Pebblesnatch’s head. She walked out of the hut, holding her throwing axes. Other Goblins joined her.
