7.05 P
Page 35
At the stomach. And hers growled for something to add to the meat! You couldn’t just spice it with…spices! At some point you needed a glaze. Marinades!
But for the moment, she did a soup. Pebblesnatch found herself fighting with Ulvama for control of all the bones produced by the Redfangs hunting. At first it was a hard battle, and not just with Ulvama. The Goblins did not enjoy giving up the meaty bones and delicious and filling marrow, as well as a good amount of meat scraps, but they changed their mind when Pebblesnatch made up a stock.
The process was simple, and Pebblesnatch educated a few interested Goblins. They were [Stirrers], or aspiring [Cooks] like her. The key to making a broth was time.
Roast the meat, bones, and vegetables over the fire, taking care not to burn yourself and kick any Goblin trying to sneak your ingredients. Toss them in one of the big boiling pots, and add water. At this point Pebblesnatch tossed in wild celery, a few peppercorns, and other edible leaves and vegetables, including the helpful and prolific garlic the Goblins kept finding.
When the water was near boiling, she took the cook fire down, so it was simmering. Then came the hard part. Waiting for hours while the stock mixed all those flavors. Occasionally Pebblesnatch took off the lid and scooped off the icky bits on top, but the real problem was smacking all the Goblins wandering over for a taste with her ladle.
After that, Pebblesnatch cleared the pot of bones and vegetables. Ulvama took the bones, annoyed at how wet they were, and Pebblesnatch ate the vegetables. Her broth was done! It had a few bits floating in it, but it was the thing of wonders. Another [Chef] might have chilled it and kept it for later while removing the fat—no Goblin [Cook] in the world would do the same.
Then, Pebblesnatch turned it into a soup. It wasn’t hard. She just made a normal soup. But instead of water, she used her pre-made broth. And it made a world of difference.
The Goblins were awestruck, even the Redfangs. Because when they made soup, they added food to water. They had no concept of broths, or simmering to allow flavors to emerge. Scooping scum off the surface of a pot was good cookery to most Goblins!
Pebblesnatch kept a portion of her broth. She turned what she’d saved into a thick gravy by adding some flour, more seasonings, and so on to make it thicker. That went well over the venison. It wasn’t perfect, but…it was better than nothing!
It went over a hit. Some of the Redfangs grilling meat were very pleased to slather their slices in the gravy and chow down. Pebblesnatch was nodding authoritatively. See? This is why you needed a sauce. Even simple dishes needed that!
The other Goblins were milling about, stuffing their faces on her creation when Pebblesnatch felt a tug on one arm. She looked around and saw another Goblin grinning. He had gravy around his lips and was licking them. He nodded approvingly.
“Good. Come.”
He had something to show Pebblesnatch. She wandered off after him. Then she noticed Ulvama was giving Raidpear a massage. Pebblesnatch sighed. She wanted a massage. Ulvama had shown her how to do it, as well as how to mix up bone dyes—although that was only so Pebblesnatch could help her.
“I. Holdnose.”
The other Goblin poked Pebblesnatch. She blinked at him. He had a nickname!
The Goblin was fairly old, as Goblins went. Seven years, almost. He was a Flooded Water tribe Goblin. An original Goblin, from Liscor.
