7.05 P
Page 47
No. It was just one Human. And she…was just sitting there. In the grass. She must have walked through one of the gaps in the unfinished wall. It was easy to do, but only a Human could have done it; a Goblin would surely have been spotted.
But why had she done it? She surely knew the Goblin lands were close by. There was a thin, thin gap between the Human’s wall and the land that was…Goblin. Pebblesnatch could even feel it—she was on the edge right now. The Human was just a bit distant, still on the Human’s side.  But past the wall.
Pebblesnatch stared. It was a [Witch], she realized. They had pointy hats. Ulvama had told her Human [Witches] were like [Mages], but dangerous in other ways. Sometimes very dangerous.
This one didn’t look dangerous, though. She was a girl. Almost as small as Pebblesnatch. Young. Pebblesnatch knew Humans grew very, very slowly. But this was a girl no matter how you sliced it.
She was sitting in the grass. Just…sitting. She had a basket lying next to her, filled with a few herbs. And a sickle in the other. A good one. Pebblesnatch saw the nice steel, carefully maintained. But the [Witch]-girl didn’t move.
She just sat there, with a blank expression on her face. Her little blue hat sat on her head. She looked ahead, as the sun shone down on her. But there was nothing in her.
Blankness. Pebblesnatch had seen it before. On Cave Goblins, even Raskghar, who just…gave up. She’d seen it on some of the Goblins who’d died in the wagons, on the way here. Something inside them was gone.
The little [Witch] sat like a doll in the grass as the Cave Goblin watched. Some of the Humans walking along the wall, building, it, eventually saw her. They pointed in alarm. Pebblesnatch assumed they’d rush out and grab her, but no one did. A few hurried off to the village, but the rest just stared.
It was not a friendly stare. Some looked sympathetic, others worried, but some looked…mean. And Pebblesnatch heard a whisper.
“Witch.”
The little [Witch] never moved. She just sat there, until a figure walked through the gaps in the walls. The other Humans drew back as an elderly [Witch] with a faded hat with flowers walked towards the witch-girl. She too was unafraid. She bent, and to Pebblesnatch’s astonishment, scolded the girl for all the wrong reasons.
“Nanette, if you’re going to gather herbs, you might as well gather them. If you will sit, sit somewhere where ants won’t crawl up on you. Come now.”
She pulled at the girl. Listlessly, the [Witch] like a doll rose. She followed Eloise as the tea-witch escorted her back, helping pick up her things. Eloise said nothing about the dangers of Goblins. She just spoke, half kindly, half sternly.
“You must choose. Embrace your pain. Hate me. Strike me. Curse me. But do it as a [Witch] or not. Califor was a [Witch], the best of us. And your mother, but a [Witch] nonetheless. You cannot deny that.”
The name made the witch called Nanette start. Just for a second. Eloise patted her gently.
“You cannot run from her name. Take the pain, girl. Use it. Don’t hold it, like you do. It will burn you away. But it is your choice. Come now. The folk are staring. And we are polite to them. Even if they are sometimes fools. They cannot change the truth with whispers.”
She drew Nanette away. The Humans parted for her, and the old witch and the young one walked through them. Just once Eloise looked back. And she looked straight at Pebblesnatch, whom no one else had seen.
“Stay away from them. [Witches] are danger.”
