7.05 P
Page 41
“If a Goblin were the same as other folk, [Witches] at least would remember, young man. But we remember them in good times and ill! Your villagers sees only what they want, but they’re right that a Goblin King never embraced any other species. They’ve brought only death and the kind of death that would curl any toes!”
Her voice echoed in the room like a cheerful headswoman. Which is what she was. Hedag paused.
“True, Goblins have worked with good folk before. [Witches] remember. We’ve even welcomed them into our covens.”
“Hedag.”
Eloise nudged Hedag. The [Witch] laughed. Everyone was staring.
“Whoops! Was it a secret? Goblins can be many things. They level, so surely they have minds. But almost always, [Witches] remember they’ve come into conflict with the good folk. Because the good folk always turn to Goblins whenever the first chicken get stolen. Even if it was their neighbor! Easy to blame monsters, eh?”
She grinned around. Prost and Durene glared, and Rie pursed her lips. Wiskeria just shook her head despairingly. Laken sighed.
“So your counsel is also that there’s nothing to be done, Hedag? Eloise?”
He turned his head towards them, almost annoyed by their responses. But both [Witches] smiled. Hedag laughed as she tipped her hat back.
“I never said that. We offer perspective, little [Emperor]! But I’d not waste words on a fellow whose mind is already made up!”
Laken smiled, unexpectedly. He chuckled.
“True. You see right through me.”
“Your Majesty! You can’t be thinking of doing nothing—”
Dismayed, the council turned back to Laken. The [Emperor] waved his hand.
“No, Mister Prost. Not ‘nothing’. It’s clear that Riverfarm’s good citizens would take matters into their own hands if nothing happened. I suppose it’s time to allow some leeway when it comes to the Goblins.”
The [Witches] sitting across the back wall looked up. Durene stirred, and Wiskeria looked at Laken sharply. He sighed.
“Riverfarm will simply have to take its own precautions. As such, here are my orders as to what will happen and what may happen. Listen closely…”
The council listened. They liked it, and didn’t like it. But they acquiesced. Laken waved his hand.
“I hoped it wouldn’t be necessary. But by all means. I’ll allow more time in the evenings for time off, Mister Prost. But I don’t let a single hand work there when they have their jobs. Is that acceptable?”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
The [Steward] bowed. Laken sighed. But for this, everything would be fine. He turned his head towards Durene. Another argument. But…
Laken looked past Wiskeria, at the two [Witches] who had agreed to stay. At least until more of their kind decided to come to Riverfarm. Mavika and Alevica had left, to perform their own errands. Califor was dead. Belavierr had left…
But four [Witches] remained in Riverfarm. Three stood in this room. One, who was Laken’s [General], a [Witch] and a [General] who believed in order. In law. Two more of the old kind, the old ways, who practiced their craft as they saw fit. And one…
“And how is Nanette?”
Eloise and Hedag paused. Both were sipping cups of tea now. It was Hedag who replied, easily as if they chatted. But Hedag always had an edge, even in kindness.
“Alive. Would you prefer another answer, [Emperor]-boy?”
Gamel stirred at the address. Laken just shook his head.
“No. But neither do I wish her to suffer, Witch Hedag. If it would be easier for her elsewhere—”
Eloise shook her head.
