7.06
Page 6
Lyonette rushed after Chaldion, heart pounding. What was she going to do? Change her name? Hair dye? Oh, dead gods—if Chaldion had found out, how long until…?
Chaldion found Olesm and Bird at the chess tables with a few of Liscor’s new board game aficionados. The Drake had thrown his hands up and the [Grand Strategist] made a beeline towards the game.
“How? How does this happen?”
“I am in checkmate, Olesm. That was a good game.”
Olesm stared at Bird. He didn’t look happy about his victory. Lyonette didn’t get why everyone was murmuring. Even Chaldion looked impressed as he stared sharply at Bird.
It took Lyonette a moment to figure out what had gone on. Then she realized that the finished chess game looked a bit like a bird, with black and white pieces maneuvered into place during the course of the game. Bird looked pleased. Then he glanced up.
“Oh. Hello. We have met.”
“Yes we have.”
Chaldion stared at Bird. Lyonette caught her breath, but the [Grand Strategist] just looked at the board. Olesm went pale under his scales.
“Grand Strategist! Sir—”
He scrambled to his feet. Chaldion nodded to him.
“Olesm Swifttail of Liscor? Good day. And you are Bird the Hunter.”
“I am Bird. Am I in more trouble?”
The [Grand Strategist] narrowed his eyes.
“No. Tell me, Bird. Do you like chess?”
“It is fun.”
“Let’s play a game.”
The old Drake walked over to the chess board. Bird obediently reset the pieces. Olesm looked at Lyonette; she was about equally flabbergasted at the moment. Chaldion sat down and inspected a white piece. He moved it, and his one eye glittered as he looked at Bird.
“So, are you a Prognugator of the Free Antinium…Bird?”
“No, that was a lie.”
Bird moved a piece, as innocent as could be. Chaldion nodded to himself. He eyed Bird and grinned to himself in a way that would have made Klbkch’s cold blood run colder if he’d been there.
“Let’s talk about your Hive.”
It was a busy day. And Lyonette heard a voice from the kitchen. She peeked inside to see Grimalkin and Palt regarding each other as Erin threw up her hands.
“Either help me make cakes or get out!”
It was the beginning of a busy day. But the silly thing hadn’t happened yet. Lyonette went over to sit at a table for a second. Her head was spinning. She only looked up when she had a thought that trumped all others. Erin, secrets of the Antinium, her exposed identity—
“Mrsha.”
She stood up and checked the window. Nearly time! She hurried over to a place where she had some parchment and ink and a quill.
“It’s nearly time for her to come back. Krshia has the Council meeting…Apista!”
Lyonette scrawled quickly, drafting a message. At her voice, an Ashfire Bee floated lazily across the inn. Apista landed on the little podium Lyonette was writing on. The [Princess] tied the parchment up with a bit of twine, and put a loop of the twine over one of Apista’s legs.
“Take this to Mrsha. Understand? Mrsha.”
The Ashfire Bee didn’t nod, but Lyonette sensed its acceptance. She opened a window and it flew out. Lyonette didn’t see half of the inn staring at her. That was normal compared to everything else. The [Princess] sighed as she checked the door to Liscor.
“Come on, Temile.”
Maybe the Players of Celum had wigs she could borrow.
 
—-
 
A bee flew across Liscor. Her name was Apista, and she was a recovering Faerie Flower addict. Ever since Lyonette had put the faerie flowers in her room, Apista hadn’t indulged herself every waking moment on the powerful nectar.
