7.06
Page 1
“It doesn’t matter if you disagree, Numbtongue. This is Erin’s inn. And mine. And those were our rules. We’re going to have to—to take away your guitar?”
She sounded a bit uncertain here. The Hobgoblin looked at her.
“No.”
“No?”
Erin and Lyonette blinked at him. Numbtongue rose. He took his plate of food and walked past them.
“I am not a child. No punishment. Kick the bad Goblin out of the inn if you don’t like it.”
Not really a rebellious teen. His look made Erin falter. Lyonette opened her mouth—and Erin put a hand on her shoulder. She looked at Numbtongue. And didn’t talk to him like a naughty kid.
“Fine. But Bird’s different. Please let us make rules, Numbtongue.”
The Hobgoblin paused. He nearly shrugged, then he nodded. He shuffled his feet, and then muttered.
“Sorry.”
Erin nodded at him. Awkwardly, the Hobgoblin left. It was the first time Erin could remember ever disagreeing with Numbtongue. She stared at his back. And she felt embarrassed, a bit hurt—and a bit happy. Aside from Rags, few Goblins had ever pushed back. But Numbtongue was changing, even if it meant he was metaphorically hiding behind the dumpster and smoking cigarettes.
“Enough with the analogies.”
“Huh?”
Lyonette turned to Erin. She was trying to get the plate of egg and chicken from Bird.
“Give it to me, Bird. You are in trouble. Numbtongue may have offered, but you know you’re doing wrong. And you’re being punished, mister.”
Bird slowly stood up. He looked at Erin and Lyonette, the plate still held behind his back.
“I am not a child. I will not be punished.”
The [Innkeeper] and the [Princess] looked at him. Bird’s antennae drooped. Slowly, he held out the plate.
“Please do not make me punished too long.”
 
—-
 
“Everything alright up there?”
Palt the Centaur was standing by the kitchen, smoking, when Erin came downstairs. She glared at him, and then caught herself.
“Yes. It’s all fine. Why are you—”
“No smoke. I can put it out.”
The Centaur quickly fished the cigar out of his mouth. Erin eyed it.
“Why is that thing blue?”
“Ah, this is a very light plant from the sea. It’s called Mela’s Kiss, and it practically evaporates under a tiny bit of heat. And it doesn’t produce smoke, as you can see—”
The Centaur took a slow drag. Erin saw a tiny bit of vapor. Palt hesitated.
“If you want to—”
“No, it’s fine. Let’s go back to chatting.”
He was trying. Erin took a seat at the table and Palt trotted over. The Centaur hesitated, but he decided not to ask.
“Right! So, your door. As I was saying, just a few sigils around each one. I’ll mark the walls—no one will notice unless they know to look for it.”
“And I have to do what?”
“Just…give them free passage to wherever they need to go. Perhaps help them out. I’m planning on sticking around here for a while, so I’ll try to introduce you.”
“To criminals.”
Erin looked at Palt. He waved one hand.
“Criminals? No, no. The Ullsinoi faction doesn’t deal with criminals! Explicitly. Anyone who can see and read the sign is a friend of our group. Some of them may be a bit loose with the law, but we don’t treat with [Murderers] and [Cutthroats].”
“What have I gotten myself into?”
Erin rubbed at her forehead, groaning. Palt sighed.
“Miss Solstice, they’re good people. Really. I know what you must think of [Illusionists], and I admit we have a reputation—but we’re honest. Twisted, but honest.”
“Erin’s not backing out of our agreement, Mister Palt. She’s just learning to come to terms with it. Because this is what it means to have an ally, isn’t that right, Erin?”
