7.06
Page 2
Lyonette passed by the table, looking meaningfully at Erin. The [Innkeeper] sighed. They’d had a chat about diplomacy. One of the instances where Lyonette taught Erin about the world.
“Yeah. It’s fine, Palt. So—they’ll come here if they need transportation? Or help? How much help am I giving them?”
The Centaur took a puff of his blue cigar.
“…As much help as you see fit, Miss Solstice. By all means, give the minimum. But if you help them, we’ll compensate you for your time. That’s how the Ullsinoi faction does things. It’s a give and take. Sometimes, yes, some people might be coming through with trouble on their heels. You don’t need to shelter them if it’s bad. It’s under your discretion. But other times, if they’re looking for help, say, finding an adventuring team, or an item, or they just, say, really need to get somewhere fast—give them a helping hoof.”
“So I’m like…”
“An [Innkeeper]?”
Lyonette passed by again, this time with a large pitcher of wine headed for a table that held Montressa and Beza. Erin stared at her back. She turned to Palt. The Centaur was coughing into one fist.
“She’s giving me lots of lip these days. Okay, that sounds reasonable. So—if they see the sigil, or trace it, I know they’re from your faction.”
“Usually. There are a few phrases I’d like you to memorize. And we’ll leave you some way of getting in touch with one of our representatives. I’ll be here, obviously. And if you have any questions—”
“Right, right. Um. How long will you be here? What about Montressa and Beza?”
Erin glanced at the two [Mages]. They were day-drinking, which, apparently, wasn’t uncommon in Wistram. The two weren’t quite glaring at Palt. He twiddled his thumbs as he didn’t look their way.
“They have a vested interest in your door, Miss Solstice. And looking for more people like you. I think they want to negotiate with you on behalf of their factions.”
“Should I say yes?”
“I’d…like to hear whatever they’re offering. It’s your choice, but it could get tricky. And inter-factional politics in Wistram can get messy. But as I said, I’m not bound to Montressa. I can take time to help you, especially since the Elusive Lot considers you an asset. And anything you want to share…”
Erin sighed. She had responsibilities now. One of which was to give Palt and his friends some information about Earth. Apparently, there were at least two dozen people from Earth in Wistram! And that had been when Palt left! It boggled Erin’s mind. Ryoka had said there was one more person from Earth she knew of in Izril, but Erin had only known Ryoka and the kids at Magnolia’s mansion. Two dozen…
“I’ll make a list, Palt. I can probably get all the plays from Celum and stuff. And tell you about…basic things.”
She’d have to think about the bad things to tell him, like, say, bombs, and what she could give away. Was this what Ryoka had been so concerned about? Erin’s head hurt. Palt was nodding eagerly, though.
“Plays would be welcome, Miss Solstice. The Elusive Lot’s heard about your friends in Celum and they want to see these plays. There are some transcripts, but the originals would be well-received. Hah, I imagine half of them would like to put together a performance?”
“Really?”
Erin blinked at Palt. He smiled and winked at her.
