7.06
Page 12
Not just him either. As the two Gnolls hurried towards the park, the adults calling on them to slow down because they were slow and old, Mrsha and Ekirra both sniffed the air. Ekirra bounded forwards.
“Visma!”
A Drake mother and her daughter turned. Visma, nibbling her thumb-claw in her mouth, turned as her mother, Selena, spotted Ekirra barreling towards them. He slowed down and Mrsha ran over on two legs.
Visma! Mrsha waved and Ekirra raced around the Drake with pearly-white scales speckled with greens to show her his new ball. Selena, a [Painter], smiled.
“Hello, Ekirra. And Mrsha too? Visma was just going to the park.”
“The park! Let’s all go together! There are Humans there now! Human children!”
Ekirra nearly went mad with excitement. Selena laughed and waved at Krshia and Elirr and Jeva. The adults made a group and Krshia greeted Selena.
“Ah, what timing, Selena. Are you going to the park too?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact. I was walking Visma over—I hear there are Human children playing there, and I wanted to watch her for a bit. I hear there were a few incidents—”
“Children fighting.”
“They copy the adults. The Humans immigrating to Liscor—”
Mrsha ignored the grown-ups. She waved at Visma.
“Hullo.”
The Drake shyly greeted Mrsha. She was a friend too, but more timid than Ekirra. Visma was shy and liked copying her mother by making sculptures out of mud or things she found. Then again—anyone was shy compared to Ekirra.
She and Mrsha had become friends when Visma asked to paint Mrsha because she had such lovely fur, like a canvas. Normally she and Mrsha would quietly talk, but Visma seemed restless today. She stared at Ekirra.
“What’s that?”
“It’s my ball. Isn’t it wonderful?”
Ekirra showed it to Visma proudly. The Drake stared at the ball as Mrsha, signing, tried to ask her ‘how are you today?’ But Visma just stared at Ekirra’s ball.
Then she grabbed it. Visma yanked the ball out of Ekirra’s paws. She hugged it in her arms.
“Mine.”
Ekirra was so shocked he just stared for a moment. Then he tried to grab the ball back.
“It’s mine! Give it back!”
Visma turned around. Ekirra raced around her furiously. The adults didn’t notice at first, debating about Humans and when Gnolls had entered the city first. Visma glared at Ekirra.
“Mine now. Mine!”
“No! Give it back! Or else!”
Ekirra was getting angry. Visma refused to give the ball. He tried to grab it, but she had it in a death-hold. She hissed at him.
Ekirra stopped. He stood on two feet, raised a paw and made it into a fist. Mrsha, anxious, ran over to separate the two. She clumsily stood up, putting two paws out.
Don’t fight! Don’t fight!
Anxiously, she looked at her two friends. What was wrong with Visma? The little Drake girl glared at Mrsha, then looked at Ekirra. His fur was standing up.
“Give me my ball, Visma!”
“No!”
Visma punched Ekirra in the nose. He fell onto his behind. All the adults looked down in shock.
“Visma!”
Selena shouted at her daughter. The little Drake looked up, realized she was in trouble, and fled. Visma ran off with the leather ball. Mrsha was so shocked she just stared.
The Gnoll boy, sitting on the ground, staring in shock. His nose wasn’t bleeding or anything, but the blow and Visma racing off had stunned him. He looked around as Visma rounded a corner. Her mother ran after her, shouting. Ekirra looked ahead, looked at Mrsha, and then his mother.
He began to howl. Jeva bent down and grabbed her son. She nuzzled him.
“Shh. Shh, Ekirra! It’s not bad. How is your nose? Shh.”
