7.06
Page 27
“Numbtongue!”
Octavia’s shop was trashed. Numbtongue stared at the clutter, as if hundreds of people had been through here. But the [Alchemist] was beaming. She hurried around.
“How have you been, friend? I have had the best day ever! Let me tell you—”
The Hobgoblin smiled at Octavia. But he was looking around the shop. Pyrite was smart.
“Octavia. Did Mrsha come through this door an hour ago?”
The [Alchemist] stopped. She blinked at Numbtongue.
“Mrsha? No. Why? Is something wrong?”
The Hobgoblin’s face fell. Pyrite had been sure. But then—
“She’s missing.”
“Oh no. How? Let me help. Hold on—I’ll just lock the shop—”
Octavia hurried over to the door. Numbtongue nodded, gratefully. He saw a Goblin standing in the inn.
“Now.”
Slowly, the [Bard] turned. He glared. But Reiss just held out a claw. Numbtongue reached for it—
“Alright! Secure that door!”
Numbtongue whirled. Octavia froze at the entrance to her shop, key in hand. The Hobgoblin strode over.
“What’s—”
Guards, dozens of them, were converging on Stitchworks. One of them, the Watch Captain, marched up to Octavia’s shop. He tried the handle, then bellowed.
“Open this door!”
“We’re closed! What’s this about?”
Octavia looked at Numbtongue. He looked back at the inn. The door had closed. Someone had just used it! The Watch Captain hadn’t seen Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin crouched as the man bellowed back.
“Open up! By order of the [Mayor], the door to Liscor is confiscated! And Celum will no longer be doing business with the inn! Open! By order of the Watch!”
“You can’t do that! You—stay back!”
Octavia looked at Numbtongue. The [Bard], crouching, saw more [Guards] converging. They weren’t looking for a fight. But they had weapons and he was alone. Octavia was thinking the same thing. She pointed to the back of her shop.
“Window. Go!”
Numbtongue ran. Erin Solstice didn’t think to check Celum until ten minutes later. When she did, she found her door was confiscated. And the Watch Captain was dismayed to learn he’d only seized the portal stone, not the magic door itself. She stared at him. Octavia mouthed to her frantically. Erin’s brows snapped together.
“Where’s Numbtongue?”
But he was gone. No one had seen him in the city after the fight. And so was Mrsha.
 
—-
 
The white Gnoll stared around a minute after she escaped Lyonette’s not-wrath.
She was lost. She remembered, vividly, the moments before Lyonette had opened the door. She had looked around, seen the open window, the table, the door, and—
The other door.
It had been strange. Faded wood and iron, and a brass handle, set into one wall. It had been different from the other ones in the inn. And it hadn’t belonged in the guestroom. It should have connected to the roof, so Mrsha had flung it open. But when she’d rushed through—
The door was gone. Mrsha stared about. She was standing in grass. But shadowed. Tall plants grew behind Mrsha, twisting vines, covering a…wall of sorts behind her.
The Gnoll sniffed the air. She inhaled the scent of nature, strong. Wild. No smells of fire or metal. Just—plants. The grass was interspersed with tiny flowers. And the…place she was in was shadowed. Partly. Darkness obscured the area to Mrsha’s left and right.
But there was sunshine ahead. It poured down, and Mrsha saw more plants. Wild grass where she sat. She wriggled her toes.
But where was she? She only knew she’d been afraid, and the door had been here. Slowly, the Gnoll padded forwards. The first to step into a magical room, one that whispered in the faint breeze, where plants grew. A safe place.
The [Garden of Sanctuary].
 

