7.06
Page 21
Mrsha noticed only now the Centaur standing to the side. He was helping with the cakes. The Centaur nodded at Mrsha, watching his hooves carefully around her. Erin spun.
“Wait. Really?”
“Yup. Beza’s a [Spellscribe]. That’s close to [Enchanter]. Anyways, a heating rune’s only difficulty is mana consumption and being able to adjust the heat. Surely you have some in this inn. Right? I mean, all the mana’s being absorbed by the door. But you have—”
The Centaur took his cigar out of his mouth. Erin stared at him. He stared uncertainly at her.
“I could draw a basic one. I know that Pisces fellow and Ceria were there. Well, she should be able to do cooling runes. If—wait. If she graduated. Any other [Mage]?”
“We had Falene—but she was a [Battlemage] and she said—and there was Moore. And Typhenous. And Revi I guess.”
“None of them knew basic runecraft? And you never asked Magus Grimalkin?”
Erin’s head turned. Mrsha knew Grimalkin was in the inn. She’d seen him demonstrating his weights to a female Runner who’d come in. Garia. He and the one-eyed Drake and Olesm all wanted to talk to Erin.”
Right now, the [Innkeeper] wanted to talk to them. Badly.
“I need to talk to them! Now! Grimalkin!”
“Careful what you say! Don’t let them know—Miss Solstice, be cautious! They want to know—excuse me! Sorry!”
Palt hurried after Erin. Mrsha heard Erin shouting at Grimalkin.
“Hey! Rune me!”
It sounded like fun stuff. Mrsha grinned happily. She’d get to watch something funny! And maybe play with Apista. She could do that until the Players came. It wouldn’t be boring! She began to trot out after Erin.
And stopped.
The cake was right there. Still warm. Erin had placed it on a long piece of wax paper. And the frosting was in a lovely bowl. Mrsha stared up at it.
She wasn’t a glutton. But she hadn’t eaten sweet things back in her tribe much. At all, really. There were a few sweets for Plains Gnolls, but Mrsha loved cake. Like any child. And—she glanced out of the kitchen. Lyonette was busy, Erin was busy. Grimalkin was negotiating. What will you give me for runes? Montressa and Beza had seen their chance. Garia was flexing and Olesm was staring at her stomach.
This was her moment. And no one would notice if a bit was missing, right? Right? Mrsha wasn’t fat, anyways. Lyonette kept thinking she was, but Krshia said Mrsha was a fine weight. Gnolls were bigger than Humans! They didn’t get thin and—whatever.
The Gnoll crept up to the counter. She had a Skill. More than Ekirra, who was a Level 2 [Thrower] because he loved throwing his ball so much. Or Visma, who was a Level 3 [Shaper].
Mrsha was Level 5. A [Druid]! And…a Level 9 [Last Survivor]. Once, she had been a [Young Hunter] in the Stone Spears Tribe. But it had been turned into her other class.
Either way, She had a lot of Skills for someone her age. Like [Natural Concealment]. Now, Mrsha used it. No one would be able to see she was here!
Except Chaldion. And Grimalkin. And some others. And Erin if she concentrated hard—it didn’t matter! Mrsha was going to use this moment.
She leapt up onto the counter in a single bound. It was a big jump, but Mrsha grabbed the counter with her forepaws and pulled herself up. As she did, a bit of the wax paper the cake was on caught on her paw. She accidentally pulled—
And the entire thing went face-first onto the floor.
Mrsha froze. The cake went splat so fast she just stared. It landed, and the frosting smudged the kitchen floor. It wasn’t face-down either. It had landed at an angle, and bent, tearing along the center.
