7.06
Page 0

It started out with such a silly thing for such a busy day. An [Innkeeper], a cake, a white Gnoll, a Hobgoblin, an Ashfire bee. And of course…
Bird.
If you added in a harried [Princess], you had a family. Dysfunctional of sorts, and Erin would admit that she had a family. She didn’t think of them often. Her parents, back at home. She knew they must be frantic. And she had been gone for a long time.
Thoughts like that sometimes troubled Erin. So deeply she couldn’t sleep. But her mind, somehow, had seemed to develop a coping mechanism. Erin didn’t think of her home on Earth, and that was both a relief and a source of guilt when it came up.
She loved her parents. But if anyone asked her, she would have claimed this was also her family. It wasn’t fake, or a name. These were the people most precious to Erin Solstice. If Mrsha was Erin’s child in a way—so was Bird. Children of different sorts, but who needed someone to love them. Which made Lyonette the…father. Probably. Or the wife?
If you broke it down into the ‘traditional’ family matrix you began to have problems. Erin and Lyonette were the parents if Bird and Mrsha were the kids. Which made Numbtongue…
“I don’t believe it! You’re in so much trouble, mister!”
Erin’s shout in the early morning of the inn roused the customers. They looked up and waited, expectantly. But Erin was upstairs. Shouting.
“Bird’s being punished! What is this?”
Numbtongue and Bird were frozen in the midst of eating two plates of eggs. And fried chicken. They also had a stein of beer. Bird slowly put his plate behind him.
“Nothing. We are just looking at the food, Erin. Not eating it.”
“Numbtongue! How could you?”
Erin stared at the Hobgoblin, now acting in the part of rebellious teen. The Hobgoblin shrugged, a bit guiltily. Erin had thought it was odd when he asked for his breakfast, but Numbtongue ate a lot, and she’d been happy to let him eat whatever he wanted. If she hadn’t come up to ask about Bird’s breakfast, she’d never have known what they were doing.
“You know Bird’s being punished! Numbtongue—”
Erin was at a loss for words. When Lyonette came up the stairs, she too stared, then propped her hands on her hips.
“Numbtongue! Bird!”
The Antinium Worker trembled.
“Please do not take away my bird hunting privileges. There are five days left.”
“Oh, we’re going to have to take it away for longer than a week. It’s gonna be—two weeks! You’ll have to hunt rabbits or something!”
“No! They do not fly! They are nice! But tasty.”
Lyonette was nodding. Bird was aghast. The [Princess] glared at Numbtongue. He was looking less nervous than Bird.
“As for you, Numbtongue—”
“What?”
The Hobgoblin folded his arms as he sat cross-legged. Erin stared at him.
“What do you mean, ‘what?’ You know what you did! Bird’s being punished.”
“So? Stupid punishment.”
Erin and Lyonette stared at him.
“He nearly started a war.”
“For shooting Wyverns. So?”
Numbtongue picked at his teeth unapologetically. Erin frowned.
“He’s not allowed in Pallass! He knew better—”
“Yes, yes. Bad Antinium goes into Pallass. Evil Antinium, not allowed there. Like Goblins. Ooh. Bad Ant. Bad Goblin. Must punish him. Don’t punish bad Goblin!”
The [Soulbard]’s voice was just a bit sarcastic. Erin faltered.
“That’s not—Bird knew what he was doing. And you know he nearly started a war—”
Numbtongue’s shrug, was Goblin. And it had multiple answers on many levels to that. Erin hesitated. Lyonette took over, glaring sternly at Numbtongue.
