7.06
Page 11
Jeva shouted as the adults more sedately went down the street. Mrsha and Ekirra groaned. They stood upright, grumbling. They walked down the street as the adults followed. Little Gnolls living in Krshia’s block ran to the windows, smelling Ekirra or Mrsha. And the two Gnolls were, for a moment, just more children in Liscor. And that made Mrsha happy. She walked with Ekirra as he showed her his new ball, talking rapidly.
“It was my birthday, so I asked and I got this ball! It was in the shop. I bought it and it bounces and it lights up in the dark! I want to show you! Mrsha! You smell like bees! Is Apista here? Can I pet her?”
Mrsha signed back as Ekirra babbled. He’d picked up on some of her paw-words as Erin had dubbed them, but Mrsha was still less chatty than Ekirra by nature. He was bubbly, talkative, and her first friend her age in Liscor. He was also younger than Mrsha, despite being actually a few months older than she was.
Adolescence was a funny thing. The young of each species grew differently, and with quirks that surprised those not of the species. For instance, Centaurs notably had children who could walk within an hour of being born, like horses. They took a long time to develop enough to speak, but Centaur children had a definite edge up on other species.
Where they lost was that Centaurs had one of the longest pregnancies of any species, except for like, whales. And Dullahans. In exchange for magical abilities, or functionality at birth, some species paid a price.
For instance, Lizardfolk children were close to feral, hungry things, when they came out of eggs. Tiny, and primitive. Left unchecked, they would do what other reptiles did and fight each other to the death.
Garuda chicks were flightless and helpless for a long time compared to other species. Human babies died if you dropped them too many times. And they basically wriggled around and wailed.
But, among others, Gnoll children were different. The Gnoll species was nomadic by and large and their children were able to run about on all fours very quickly. They developed muscle fast, and if they kept to their four-legged run for longer than they needed to, well, it was because their bone structure would eventually shift to encourage standing on two legs.
It was a painful process, known as the ‘shifting year’ to Gnolls. But each species had its flaws. Humans got pimples. Drake children went through a hoarding phase. Dullahans had to keep changing their armor. And so on.
Gnolls grew up fast, but like Humans, female Gnolls hit their puberty a bit before males. Ekirra was about Mrsha’s age, but he was sillier. A City Gnoll as well. Mrsha still liked him a lot.
“Let’s play, Mrsha! Let’s play. Catch!”
He had his new ball, made of soft leather and painted with bright silver on darker black. The silver paint shone when he threw it, and it even glowed in the dark thanks to an alchemical compound applied to it. Ekirra was happy as could be with it and Mrsha was jealous. But the other Gnoll let Mrsha inspect his ball and they began to toss it back and forth.
Ekirra raced around Mrsha, careless and free, and she grinned. Ekirra didn’t care or know what the adults said about the white Gnoll cub and his mother was a niece-sister of Elirr. He’d been introduced over Erin’s holiday, when Mrsha had been forced to live in Krshia’s apartment. Now, she met with him at least three times a week.
