7.06
Page 14
“Shut up. I heard there was one in this city. You must be Mrsha. Is that your friend?”
She bent low, grinning. Mrsha saw a huge face and held her ground. Whoever this was, she wasn’t worse than Nokha. She nodded slowly. The Gnoll woman grinned.
“It’s so nice to meet you, little Mrsha. They call me Bearclaw.”
She sniffed once. Mrsha’s hair rose. Bearclaw wasn’t a Gnoll name.
“Apologies for the little one. It is good to meet you, Miss Bearclaw. Are you new to Liscor?”
Krshia’s voice was strained. Her fur was standing up a bit. So was Elirr’s. The two Gnolls motioned and Krshia backed up. Bearclaw inhaled again. Her eyes flicked from Mrsha to Krshia. She stared at the Gnoll and then grinned.
“Honored Krshia, yes? I’ve heard about you.”
“Really? I am delighted. But I do not know you, sadly. Are you from the tribes?”
Krshia bared her teeth in a not-grin. Bearclaw’s smile widened.
“I was. I came to Liscor for business. Are you this Gnoll’s caretaker? I heard she had another.”
“Bearclaw, she’s white. Soot didn’t say anything about—”
Mrsha slunk behind Elirr as one of the Gnolls, who was nearly all-brown save for some tufts of silver around his ears, whispered in Bearclaw’s ear. The Gnoll cuffed him. Hard.
“Shut. Up.  That’s just superstition.”
“We should be going. Apologies for bothering you.”
Elirr nodded to the other parents. They turned—and Bearclaw walked forwards.
“Why so soon? I haven’t met another Plains Gnoll worth talking to in a long time. Let’s talk. You can tell me what one of the white-furs is doing around here. I knew a few over the years.”
She looked at Mrsha and the little Gnoll looked up. Bearclaw smiled, but Elirr and Krshia did not.
“I think not. The children have to be at the park.”
There was always a [Guard] there. Mainly to watch out for accidents, although the parks had a lot of safety magic. But there was always a member of the Watch there. Mrsha remember that all of a sudden. Bearclaw tilted her head.
“Am I bothering you?”
Whatever Elirr or Krshia said next might have gone a lot of ways. The two Gnolls and the Drake were staring at Mrsha and Bearclaw. She smelled like danger, and Mrsha’s little nose told her that Bearclaw had steel in either pocket of her vest. She wore leather, incidentally. And both leather and steel smelled of that old blood.
It could have gone a number of ways. But it didn’t, because at that moment someone clicked.
“Excuse me. I believe Councilmember Krshia and Elirr have pressing business. As do you all. Kindly move along.”
Bearclaw turned. Her smile vanished. Mrsha turned and inhaled a familiar, reassuring scent.
Klbkch and Relc stood in the street. Relc, grinning, counted. The Drake [Guardsman] stared at Bearclaw and grinned, much like she had.
“So you’re Bearclaw. Hi. Klb told me all about you.”
The adults relaxed. And it was the possible [Thug]’s turn to stiffen as Liscor’s infamous Senior Guardsman pair strolled down the street. Bearclaw instantly swung around, putting both paws in her vest pockets.
“Hello, Guardsmen. What seems to be the matter?”
“You may move along. Now.”
Klbkch’s voice was flat. Bearclaw blinked. Normally, there was usually some byplay of ‘what have we done?’ Or something. But Klbkch seemed to have missed a line.
“We were just—”
“You will walk away. Now.”
Klbkch looked at Bearclaw. Her hackles rose.
“Is that an order?”
“I am in a bad mood. I would appreciate it if you refused to move along.”
Klbkch stared at her. The other Gnolls and Drakes stared at Klbkch warily. Bearclaw eyed the Antinium, his two swords, then Relc. She snarled, and spun.
“Let’s go.”
