7.06
Page 8
Mrsha’s face fell. Krshia looked at her and the Gnoll cub nodded reluctantly, avoiding Krshia’s eyes. At that moment, all three Gnolls heard a tap from the window. Mrsha looked up and saw a bee buzzing around the glass. Krshia blinked at it.
“Ah, Apista. She has a message?”
She opened the window. Apista buzzed on in and promptly landed on Mrsha’s head. The Gnoll grabbed the bee and gently held her. Krshia retrieved the message from the string.
 
Dear Mrsha:
Please come to the inn in one hour. Erin is baking a cake for tonight. Yours truly,
–Lyonette
 
“Ah, Lyonette wishes to have Mrsha back in an hour. Well, I suppose there is time to let her play. But if she…well, I will go see if there is anyone. Wait here, Mrsha. Elirr, will you send a message back?”
She sighed, and went for the door. Elirr nodded and found something to write on the other side of the parchment with. While he did, Mrsha rubbed her nose gently against Apista’s side. Then she paused.
She felt sad. But then Mrsha realized she didn’t feel sad. It was Apista! The little bee felt…Mrsha stared at her, inquisitively. Something was wrong. Apista felt sad. Because…? Something was wrong. But what?
The little bee stared at Mrsha, her tiny antennae waving. Mrsha, curious, sat down by the magical tome. What is wrong? She felt Apista was trying to tell her something. As if the bee sensed Mrsha could listen. The white Gnoll cub got a flash of something.
Darkness. Stone. Little air. Things crawling up from below. Stab! Stab for the queen! Running out of honey. Dead things—don’t want to eat. Need air. Need the sky! Need—
“Mrsha. Ekirra will come over in ten minutes. Let Apista go, yes? And if you can, read the spellbook before we must put it away.”
Krshia interrupted Mrsha. The Gnoll blinked, and Apista’s wings buzzed as she flew up to accept the message. The moment was gone. Mrsha looked at Krshia. The [Shopkeeper] pointed at the magical tome. Mrsha slowly, reluctantly, trudged over to the book and stared at the spell she was trying to memorize.
And mistakes had been made. Not silly mistakes. This was more of a stupid mistake, but one that had happened naturally. It was no one’s fault. It was just that Krshia, Elirr, and to some extent, Mrsha, had made mistakes.
It was now custom for Mrsha to be allowed to visit ‘Aunt Krshia’, or ‘Aunt Selys’ in the city. ‘Uncle Relc’ was on the blacklist, but Mrsha would spend a few hours or even parts of the day with people since the inn wasn’t large enough for a growing Gnoll child. Each one had their specialty.
Uncle Relc was a last resort and usually taught Mrsha how to hit things, or lessons about things she really shouldn’t learn…ever, according to Lyonette. Aunt Selys was very nice, but she spoiled Mrsha by buying her whatever the little Gnoll wanted.
And Aunt Krshia—well, she had many good qualities. And Elirr, who was no uncle, but a very good friend, was just as good. They taught Mrsha things about Gnolls, and they let her run about, do Gnoll things that Lyonette and Erin didn’t understand.
But they also had the magical tome Ryoka had given them. And Krshia insisted Mrsha try to learn as much as possible before…well, she hadn’t told Mrsha why, just that it was very important.
And that was her mistake. Mrsha spent at least an hour each visit looking at the valuable tome. Reading spells, trying to learn new ones. And—she had failed.
