7.06
Page 16
He did not tell Lyonette about Bearclaw, and Mrsha’s tail wagged and wagged, almost as hard as Ekirra’s as Lyonette greeted them.
“Thank you, Elirr. And is this Ekirra and Visma? Hello! Will you be staying?”
“No, we have to go home. This is my ball!”
Ekirra announced loudly. Visma shyly waved at Lyonette. The [Princess] smiled.
“Well, ask your parents if you can come by tonight. There’s going to be the Players of Celum. And cake.”
Both little Drake and Gnoll grew excited. Mrsha ran around Elirr and he sighed as he bade Mrsha farewell. The little Gnoll signed to Lyonette that she’d had a big day! But the [Princess] was very busy.
She put Mrsha down after a hug and the Gnoll sighed. Krshia and Elirr had to go to the Council, Drassi was off work today, and Selys was busy. So was Relc. So no one could watch over her, even Ishkr. But that was okay. She was going to get cake!
The silly thing had still not yet occurred, by the by.
 
—-
 
“The Wandering Inn is back open!”
Fals, the City Runner, had had a good night’s rest in The Drunken Swordsman, one of Celum’s inns. He settled his bill, jogged to the Runner’s Guild, and delivered the good news.
The [Receptionist] at the desk pulled a face. Fals paused. He knew all the local staff, and he was on familiar terms with Esi.
“What’s wrong, Esi?”
“I’m sorry, Fals. I know it’s good news for you, since you don’t have to run back. But—honestly, the Guildmaster is not going to be happy about it. Neither should you, really.”
“Why’s that?”
The City Runner was mystified. Esi leaned over the desk, grimacing.
“Well—you delivered your package, right?”
“Yup. Long run, but the door cut me all the time going back.”
“Right, but you got paid for the run. Even though there’s a magic door that could’ve done all the work for you. It wasn’t working until now, which is why you got the delivery. We ran tons of deliveries south to Liscor. Fat chance of anyone getting work now.”
Fals blinked at the young woman.
“But—I just used the door to come back. I did the entire run myself, none of Erin’s door. That’s her deal, remember? No using the magic door to deliver messages?”
Esi laughed.
“Oh, Fals! You think anyone actually does that? I’ve seen more Drakes last month than I have in my entire life! All who want to post letters of packages going north! Guess where they came from.”
Fals’ jaw dropped.
“Wait. I didn’t hear about this!”
But it made sense. He hadn’t gotten any contracts to run south to Liscor in a long while, or even Esthelm. Esi shook her head.
“I bet Liscor’s Runner’s Guild is just as steamed. And Esthelm’s! Normally, they go through Esthelm. Waypoints north. But ever since that damn door appeared—that’s a hundred mile route gone! And it’s costing Celum’s Guild and the runners money!”
She looked meaningfully around. Fals glanced about and realized there were less City Runners in this guild than there usually were. He straightened.
“I’m sure Erin doesn’t have any part of this, Esi. I can talk to her—”
“Who, the [Innkeeper]? What’s she going to do? Charge a fee for people using the door?”
Esi laughed and shook her head.
“Face it, Fals. It’s just less business. We do get outbound deliveries, so that’s something. But it’s just—not great. Sorry, I shouldn’t be griping to you—”
“Hey. It’s not your fault.”
Fals leaned over and gripped Esi’s hand. He smiled and she smiled back. The City Runner looked around.
“I’ll tell Erin, maybe see if something can be done. But the inn is back, and Liscor’s a fine city to go to. One step and you can be there, Esi. That’s something.”
“Yeah.”
