7.06
Page 13
Windows flew open as Gnolls stared out to hear who was howling. Gnoll howls were important. Plus, a single crying child could wake up an entire neighborhood of sensitive Gnoll ears. They grumbled when they saw only Ekirra. Elirr and Krshia called up, reassuring them.
“I am so sorry. She’s into her hoarding year and—where has she gone? Visma! Visma!”
Selena ran back to them, apologizing profusely. Mrsha ran after Selena as the other Gnolls hurried forwards. But Visma had run left down another street and she was gone.
“Hoarding?”
“Yes—she’s grabbed everything at home—I am so sorry, Ekirra. Let me buy you a treat. We’ll find Visma—where did she run off to? She’s probably hiding. I’m so sorry, could I trouble you to help me find her?”
Selena was upset, rather than worried. And the Gnolls, all of them, nodded. Ekirra stopped wailing as his mother put him down.
“Stop crying, Ekirra. Miss Selena will buy you a treat. Let’s find Visma, okay?”
Mrsha was already sniffing Ekirra and the ground. Elirr nodded.
“Mrsha has her scent. Let’s go find her.”
“Yes.”
Wiping his nose, Ekirra looked at Mrsha. She pointed and they ran forwards. The adults loped after them.
“Not too fast, Mrsha! Mrsha!”
The Plains Gnoll didn’t listen to the others. This felt like home! She raced down the street. Liscor had few horses because the Floodplains were so up and down and this wasn’t a street that allowed wagons. She raced past pedestrians, shot left down a street—Ekirra ran with her. Mrsha felt alive. This was primal, that spoke to their ancestral roots. Mrsha turned another corner, raced down a street—
And stopped. Ekirra skidded to a halt next to her. The adults, panting, caught up a few seconds later. Selena was worried, gasping for breath.
“What if she fell into the sewers?”
“They’re very clean these days. They were cleared out and I haven’t had a blockage in—”
Elirr paused in reassuring her. He stared too.
Visma was standing in the street. She had Ekirra’s ball in her claws, but she hadn’t run any further. She was staring. Staring up at someone she must have run into.
A huge Gnoll with scars instead of fur across her body. She was big. As burly as—Mrsha’s heart stopped for a second—
A Raskghar.
But she wasn’t one. She was just a Gnoll. Mrsha breathed. Then she took in the Gnoll a second time. The Gnoll was bent, inspecting Visma. She had a nasty look. A nasty smell.
Like old blood. She was walking with two other Gnolls and a Drake. All of them looked…bad. Like Gnolls that the Stone Spears Tribe had to watch out for.  Wanderers. The kind Urksh had told Mrsha not to go near.
She smelled like that. The two Gnoll cubs stared as the huge Gnoll woman looked at them. She noticed the adults.
“Ah. So this is the child’s parent. Ran into us she did. Run along, little girl.”
The Gnoll’s voice was low. Almost pleasant, but it had a rolling quality. And she even sounded dangerous. Mrsha saw Visma turn.
“I am so sorry. Visma, come here!”
Selena, breathless, opened her arms. Visma fled.
“Ekirra, Mrsha, you too.”
Jeva called out, frightened. She was more worried than Selena. It was one thing if someone looked like they were a bit nasty. But Gnolls could smell it. This Gnoll—Mrsha saw Ekirra run backwards.
Krshia and Elirr stared at the female Gnoll. She was eying Mrsha, having spotted the white fur. The two Gnolls next to her reacted as they saw that Mrsha was completely white.
“A Doomed One?”
The first Gnoll leapt back. The second flattened her ears. Without looking at the two, the huge Gnoll swung a paw.
