7.06
Page 5
A…portcullis. Yes, a miniature one, made of newly-forged steel, was sitting in front of the door. Not the usual streets of Pallass. Instead of opening into Pallass directly, Lyonette realized the door had been moved to some kind of chamber. There was a portcullis that seemed to lead into the streets, but between any visitor wanting to enter was the steel gate…
And eight [Guards], half of whom had bows. They were staring at Ishkr. Not aiming the bows at him, but staring.
“Two to go to Liscor! Hold! No entry to Pallass!”
One of the [Guards] called out to Lyonette as she approached. She stared at them.
“What is this?”
“Security, Miss. Just a precaution. Mandated by the Assembly of Crafts. Please step back.”
A Drake walked over to the gates and began to raise the portcullis. Lyonette stared. She knew it was a bit hypocritical to complain, since she’d insisted Belgrade make the trapped hallway for anyone wanting to attack the inn, but this felt a bit overdone on Pallass’ side.
Two figures waited as the portcullis rose. They stepped through and the [Guard] called out.
“Two to Liscor! Lower the portcullis!”
“They’ve overdone it a bit.”
Lyonette murmured as the other [Guards] shouted an affirmation and the wrought steel lowered quickly. Ishkr nodded, eying the door.
“They were not happy when I opened the door, Miss Lyonette.”
“Apologies. They’re new to the posting. They’ll relax in time, but I’m afraid the door stays.”
A brisk voice spoke from the other side. Lyonette jumped. She focused on the two visitors and realized they were waiting for her to move out of the way.
“Oh, I’m so sorry—”
Grimalkin and Chaldion stepped through the door to Liscor. Lyonette blinked. The [Grand Strategist] nodded at Lyonette.
“Good morning. We’re visiting for the day, Lady du Marquin.”
Lyonette nodded to him. Then she turned dead white and froze. The [Grand Strategist] smiled.
“Is Miss Solstice around? Magus Grimalkin and I were hoping to talk to her. I would like to play a game.”
“And I would appreciate some time of my own. I also have a few sets of weights I’d like to deliver, to Sergeant Relc among others.”
Grimalkin’s body was still bandaged up, but he was as brisk as ever. Ishkr looked at Lyonette. She was still dead-white.
“Miss Lyonette?”
“I-Ishkr, could you show Grimalkin to—the kitchen?”
Lyonette didn’t even mention Palt. She just stared at Chaldion. As Grimalkin walked past them, the [Grand Strategist] waited. His one good eye was glinting as he adjusted his eye patch. Lyonette waited until Ishkr had gone through one of the open side-doors and then breathed.
“How did you—”
The Drake’s voice was quiet as he touched a ring. Lyonette felt some spell envelop them instantly.
“Princess du Marquin. You do not hide your heritage well. And you are using your first name. I would suggest changing both hair color and name, and buying a charm that wards against a basic [Appraisal] spell if you wished to keep your identity secret. I was not interested earlier, but circumstances have changed. This inn is being investigated by every Walled City, and that is the Drakes.”
“I—I—please don’t tell my family.”
The Drake regarded Lyonette. Her chest was constricting. The [Grand Strategist] shook his head.
“Pallass does not need to meddle in Terandrian affairs, Miss Lyonette. Your secret is safe…with me. But I would take precautions.”
“Yes! Absolutely.”
“Now, if you’ll excuse me…is Miss Solstice available?”
“She’s talking and there is a queue—”
“Of course there is. I will be content with a drink. And something to eat.”
“Absolutely!”
