7.06
Page 3
“I don’t know what you know of [Mages], but like I said, we are a unique faction. The Elusive Lot love entertainment. And not just vices. One of my orders was to record the Players of Celum doing some performances. The Elusive Lot probably wants to duplicate the plays across the world. That’s good money. My master is an amateur [Singer] themselves.”
The [Innkeeper] felt a bit better about that.
“I can get you some plays! Hey Lyonette—the Players—”
“Fals went through the door late last night, remember, Erin? I haven’t heard from him. If Temile doesn’t show up in two hours, I’ll get him.”
Lyonette nodded. Erin smiled.
“Great! Then—”
“You and Palt can go into the kitchen. And you can make me a cake.”
Erin’s face fell.
“Wait. But I’m so busy—”
The [Princess] walked over with a big smile on her face.
“Talking. Which you can do with Palt! And whomever else comes by! But you’re the best [Cook] since I still can’t hire Garry or anyone else—and I’d like Garry. Since you agreed with that…I’m very busy, Erin. The staff can cook, but you have the most Skills. I need cakes. One big one for a celebration.”
“Of what?”
“Of you returning. The Players are going to perform tonight, and there will be cake sold! I need one big one—make it three, actually—and, oh, two dozen smaller ones. We’ll sell them in tiny boxes with a customer’s name or a message on them. I can do the decorations.”
Erin blinked. Lyonette was definitely getting a hold of the mercantile nature of the inn. Erin wanted to protest, but Lyonette had held down the fort and built the inn while Erin was gone. Slowly, the [Innkeeper] got up.
“Maybe we don’t need Garry. I mean, I’d be okay with any [Cook].”
“I can cook. And I’d be delighted to do something with my hands while we chat, Miss Solstice.”
Palt rose to his hooves quickly, smiling at Erin. She smiled back.
“Well—I guess that’d be okay. Sure. Lyonette, do we have—”
“Fresh eggs, I just got a delivery of milk—check which one, since we have goat’s and cow’s. Oh, and we have goose eggs and chicken eggs. Sugar’s ready, flour’s good…”
Lyonette waved them off. Bemused, Erin went into the kitchen. Palt trotted in after her. It was odd, being back in the inn like this. But good at the same time.
After a while, the inn began to grow more crowded. Olesm bustled through the door after the breakfast crowd had thinned a bit. The Drake wiped water off his scales as he entered through the doors. Lyonette blinked at him.
“Olesm! Hello! Are you here for Erin?”
“Yes. Sorry about the water. It’s raining a bit in Liscor.”
“Not a problem! I’ll put some towels out in the hallway on a rack. Come in! Erin’s in the kitchen.”
“Oh! Well, if you don’t mind, I’d like to chat with her. Just about—well, about the situation. Not officially, but I’d love to catch up.”
Olesm headed for the doors. Lyonette opened her mouth, but the Drake walked into the kitchen before she could say anything. She heard a muted exclamation, a short conversation, and then Olesm walked back out.
“Er.”
“Sorry. Erin’s talking with Palt. Have you met him?”
“I believe he was arrested, yes. Zevara mentioned him.”
Olesm’s tail swished back and forth, a bit agitated. Lyonette eyed him as he glanced towards the kitchen.
“Does Erin, uh, know him well?”
“He’s a friend of the inn. Why don’t you take a seat? Erin will have time to talk to you. While she’s making cake.”
“Oh? Well, I can help…”
Olesm sat down at a table. Then he migrated over to one of the dedicated chess-tables. Bird came downstairs.
“I am punished. The other Workers will not let me sit in my tower.”
