7.06
Page 23
She fled into the nearest room as Lyonette appeared in the hallway. The [Princess] sighed. She marched over to the door. It was one of the rooms not occupied by Erin, Bird, Numbtongue, or Lyonette and Mrsha. The [Princess] was going to start letting people stay here as soon as the second-floor was finished. Palt, perhaps. Although stairs were an issue. But certainly…
“Mrsha, come out this instant, young lady.”
Lyonette tried the door handle. Then she frowned and pushed. The door was jammed.
Mrsha had pushed a chair under the knob. Lyonette’s brows shot together.
“Open this door this instant, Mrsha. Do you hear me?”
Mrsha was hiding under the other bed in this room. She was crying. It wasn’t her fault! Today was a good day! She was supposed to eat the cake with Ekirra and Visma! And now it was ruined for everyone!
She was so upset. And Lyonette was rattling the door. The chair hadn’t been perfectly placed and it was sliding out of the way. Mrsha looked around the inn, desperately. She had to go out the window! Run away until Lyonette wasn’t so mad.
“Mrsha, come out. I’m not going to shout at you. Neither will Erin. Mrsha? Don’t go out that window!”
Lyonette’s voice sharpened as Mrsha flung open the window. The Gnoll hesitated. But she was panicked. She looked back at the door and weighed her options. There was a breathless moment in time, like an [Immortal Moment], but made of fear as Lyonette pushed at the door and the chair slid. One more and it would come open. She was angry now.
“Mrsha! Go out that window and—”
Mrsha froze. She looked at the door. The empty guest room had a table, the other door, a chair against one wall, a bed, the window, looking out across Liscor—
Lyonette heaved at the door and the chair finally slid out enough for her to ram to the door open. She shoved the door wide.
“Mrsha! Don’t you dare—”
The [Princess] stopped. She stared at the empty room. It had a table, a chair, and a bed. And an open window. The [Princess] rushed to it. She stared around. But there was no white Gnoll. Not on the hill, not on the roof—the other Workers shook their heads as Lyonette called out to them. She looked around wildly.
“Mrsha! Come back! I’m not angry!”
“You’re not?”
Erin blinked as Lyonette came downstairs. The [Innkeeper] wasn’t upset. Lyonette glared at her.
“We’re not shouting at her.”
“I wasn’t! Okay, I was mad, but I wasn’t gonna hit her!”
“Who’re we mad at?”
Saliss leaned on Erin. She sidled away and he fell down. Lyonette ignored the Drake.
“She went out the window!”
She rushed out the doors and through the hallway. Lyonette flung the main doors to the inn open and stared around. But Mrsha was nowhere to be seen.
Lyonette had a good vantage point from the hill. She should have seen a white figure among the grass, even with Mrsha’s Skill. But if she wasn’t here—
The [Princess] ran about the inn, wondering if Mrsha was hiding from her. By this point, Erin, Saliss, and Grimalkin had all come outside. The [Sinew Magus] sighed.
“It’s just as well the cake was destroyed. That thing is sugar. And I was meaning to talk to you about a dietary plan, Miss Solstice—”
“Mrsha! Come back! We’re not mad!”
Erin cupped her hands and used her [Loud Voice] Skill. Not as ear-splittingly loud as she could, but loud enough. She saw no Gnoll. Grimalkin sighed.
“[Reduced Weight].”
He leapt and landed on the roof. Bird and the other Workers stared at him. The Antinium gaped.
“He can fly! Muscle bird! Look! Look—”
Grimalkin ignored him. He turned, staring in every direction from the top of the inn. He muttered another spell. And then he frowned.
