7.07
Page 24
Wailant Strongheart shoulder-charged past the cart, scattering people like flies. He opened up with a huge swing—Numbtongue dodged backwards. The Human was fast! Wailant caught himself, swung again, quicker. At the same time he kicked.
Numbtongue blocked the kick and stumbled backwards. A punch and a feint? The kick was heavy. The Hobgoblin’s eyes narrowed. He leapt forwards, punching.
“Farmer Wailant! Wait! Wait!”
Wailant ignored the shouts. He blocked Numbtongue’s punch, swung high at Numbtongue’s head. The Hobgoblin ducked the swing, punched low.
The former [Pirate] staggered. Wailant took a hit on the ribs, then a kick on the chest. He staggered back and people tried to shout at him. The [Farmer] ignored them, charged in again. Numbtongue was ready this time. He braced as Wailant charged at him like a bull. Take him down with a leg sweep, kick him a few times, and run off—the man swung at his face and shouted.
“[Dirty Feint]!”
The punch coming for Numbtongue vanished. Numbtongue blinked—
And Wailant kicked Numbtongue in the balls. The [Goblin Soulbard] folded up, as his entire head went blank with agony. Wailant stood over him. Numbtongue was a Redfang Warrior, but even Goblins had limits on the pain they could take. He curled up as Wailant guffawed.
“Hah! Gottim!”
The angry Human fought like a Goblin, which meant he wasn’t above kicking Numbtongue when he was on the ground. He only stopped when a bunch of people shouted.
“Stop, stop!”
“Farmer Wailant! Wait! Wait! It’s not a rogue monster!”
“What?”
Wailant turned, astonished. It was the lovers of theatre in the crowd who knew the full score. A pet Hobgoblin! Works at that magical inn with the Players of Celum! Absolutely!
The [Farmer] pointed at the swearing Hobgoblin.
“Selphid’s tits, are you serious? When did that happen? Why did no one tell me?”
“We tried!”
“Well—huh.”
Wailant studied the Hob on the ground. Neither he nor the Hobgoblin had drawn their blades, but Numbtongue looked like he might as soon as he got back up. Wailant opened his mouth—
“Mister Strongheart.”
And here came Merchant Geala. With her escort of eight [Caravan Guards]. Not the Watch—a specialized variant of [Mercenaries]. They flanked the angry woman.
“Ah, the line-cutting [Merchant]. How are you?”
Wailant turned and spread his arms wide, grinning without a hint of worry. The woman stared at him. She was pale with fury.
“You, sir, have damaged my wagon. Someone cut my wagon’s axle. And you were behind my wagon.”
“And?”
“I demand an apology. In gold and word.”
Geala stared at Wailant. The [Farmer] noticed the crowd who’d been so eager to save him from attacking the poor Hobgoblin had hurried away. He folded his arms.
“And if I say no?”
“I will have to require you to do so.”
This time the [Merchant] had no subtlety. Her eight escorts stepped forwards, hands on their blades. They wouldn’t kill the [Farmer], but certainly draw blood and drub him if he went for his own outlandish blade.
Wailant wasn’t impressed. He spat at Geala’s feet.
“Seems to me you got off lucky, rude as you were. Why don’t you turn around, Miss Merchant, and piss off? You don’t get to bully anyone you please just because you have a painted wagon and a group of idiots with swords.”
Geala went white. She looked at the [Head Caravan Guard] and he stepped forwards. He was more reluctant than his employer—if the ornery [Farmer] actually died, it would be a black mark on his name, never mind being possibly banned from Celum.
“There’s eight of us and one of you, man. Don’t be stupid.”
The [Farmer] didn’t even glance at the leader.
