7.07
Page 9
But not yet. The air was solemn here. Too quiet. Mrsha’s fur began to stand up. She stared around. The top of the hill could get some light from the hole in the dome. And it felt like a perfect day.
A single tree bloomed in the middle of grass. Just grass. It was a surreal scene. As if someone had cultivated this space. And then Mrsha saw what lay in front of the tree. And her hair rose even more.
A bench. It was just a bench. Made of wood and smooth metal. But it was unnatural. Not a plant, not meant to be here. Because—Mrsha felt that someone had to have made it. You couldn’t just conjure a bench. Right?
To begin with, benches were foreign to Plains Gnolls. Mrsha approached it, slowly. It sat in the grass, waiting for someone to sit. It was an invention of cities. More at home to Erin’s world, the idea that you needed something to sit on rather than the ground.
And indeed, this bench might have come from Erin’s world. It looked worn, not new and shiny. It smelled like that to Mrsha. As if it had always been here. It even looked comfortable, although Mrsha could see putting a pillow there and napping.
She ran her paws over the wood. No splinters. But—what was the point of this hill? The grass? The bench? The tree? It was a serene sight. But Mrsha felt there was something here.
Waiting for her. She slowly walked left. And then—it was there. It surely hadn’t been a moment ago. Mrsha had seen the entire hill in a moment. But like the door, it was suddenly present. And Mrsha spotted it.
A table. Like the bench, it was familiar. Wooden. Worn. But suddenly—here. Without explanation. And the bench was gone. But that wasn’t what held Mrsha’s gaze. It wasn’t what stopped her. Stopped her cold, and made her heart freeze.
The table waited. And something sat there, at it. Mrsha froze.
She stopped and stared up. At what was waiting there. As if it had been there forever, waiting for her. And Mrsha knew the truth of what the [Garden of Sanctuary] held. She stared for a second. A minute. Longer. And then the Gnoll child turned.
She ran away, crying. Mrsha tumbled down the hill, raced through the valley of flowers. Down, the little stone walkway. The door was waiting for her. She flung it open, raced through.
“—but I don’t know how to activate the garden! I thought I needed a garden—”
Erin Solstice was arguing with Grimalkin and Chaldion in the common room of the inn. Mrsha raced through the door and nearly smacked into her legs. The Gnoll stopped herself.
For a moment no one registered Mrsha. Heads turned. Everyone stared. Then someone shouted.
“Mrsha!”
Lyonette grabbed for Mrsha. She swung the Gnoll up.
“Mrsha!”
“What the—”
Grimalkin jumped. The [Sinew Magus] looked more spooked by Mrsha’s reappearance than Erin could ever remember seeing him. Mrsha had appeared out of nowhere! But Erin was already hugging Mrsha.
“Where were you?”
The little white Gnoll had tears in her eyes. But she was more confused by the exclamations than anything else. Lyonette squeezed, looking frantic.
“Where in the world…?”
“I didn’t see her come in! How did she—”
Grimalkin spun, staring for the point where Mrsha had entered from. But there was only blank wall, next to the bar. He turned back as a crowd engulfed Mrsha.
“She’s alright!”
“Is she hurt? She’s crying—”
“She smells like—”
“Everyone back! Give her some room!”
Relc exclaimed, pulling people out of the way. Bewildered, crying for different reasons, Mrsha saw all the adults crowding around her. Lyonette was tearful—and Mrsha, seeing everyone’s worried faces, realized how long she’d been away.
“I was so—so afraid—”
