7.07
Page 15
They walked up to the meadow, and higher. Erin saw the hill, and the tree. A lovely tree, sitting in the grass. But she didn’t see the bench, as Mrsha had at first.
Instead, the table was waiting. And it was there. Erin froze. Lyonette stared, and dropped Mrsha. The Gnoll slid down and looked. Elirr recoiled, and Bird and Relc stopped.
Krshia had frozen. Slowly, Erin looked at her. And then Mrsha. And then she saw the others. They appeared, when you thought of them. They were always there, waiting for you.
Mrsha had seen one. But now, with the presence of others, with Erin, more were there. On that hill, waiting.
Erin Solstice had been amazed at her garden. She had taken in the wonder of this separate world, been excited and awed at the possibilities. Grateful, relieved at what her Skill might mean. Impressed at the power she had been given.
But she stared at this. And Erin Solstice only now took in the true meaning of her [Garden of Sanctuary].
Mrsha stared up at Erin. It was just a room. Grimalkin had been impressed, up to a point. But he had regarded the garden as no more impressive than a miniature world, like the ones he could make. The strength of it might have been beyond him, as he was finding, but he had not been impressed with the basic nature of it.
And yet—this Skill, this garden had been built of her. Erin. Shyly, Mrsha looked up at Erin. Shyly, with a bit of wonder. Because for the first time, she sensed something of what Erin hid. More than simple power.
Erin stared at what sat at the wooden table. Krshia was shaking. And Erin’s eyes filled with tears. She bawled, then. Wept.
Because there it was. Waiting for her.
The garden’s secret, a reflection of her heart.
Proof, that she had never truly forgotten.
Statues.
A wooden table sat in the grass. And some chairs. It was a round table, like the one that Erin’s old inn had held. The exact replica of one. But it was not unoccupied.
Someone sat at the table. A Gnoll. He was young, but strong. And his fur seemed to move in the wind. But it was just a statue. Carved of stone, but capturing every detail of him as he had lived. The little Gnoll approached him.
Brunkr stared down at Mrsha with a pleased smile on his face. He sat, on a seat made of wood, captured forever as he experienced his first bite of cake. Mrsha remembered that moment. She reached for him, touched his paw.
Cool stone. It was just a statue. A memory. But it existed. It was…hers. Erin cried. And Krshia looked down at her nephew.
“Brunkr.”
She slowly sat, pulling out a chair. Speechless. Looking at him. Mrsha wiped at her eyes. She was crying again. But he was smiling.
Then, Mrsha looked around and stopped. There was something else in the grass. A ring of statues. She stared. More statues, more faces of—of the dead.
But they had not been there when she left. Mrsha tried to tell Erin and the others that. The Antinium statues were new. But no one was listening.
They were all lost. Lost, in a memory. Relc leaned on his spear as he watched Bird walk forwards. The Antinium stared at the statues, nearly two-dozen in total.
They stood in a circle, facing outwards. The chess club. Workers who had died against the undead, fighting Skinner. Erin looked at them.
“Knight.”
There was no difference in their figures. No difference at all, but they were different. Erin went over to one. She stared at him, at the stone which made up his body. As true to her memory as…
There were only four gaps in the circle. Bird stood in one of them. He turned his head.
“I belong here.”
