7.07
Page 25
“One warning, Miss Merchant. Back off and let sleeping krakens lie.”
“You’ve been warned! Do it!”
Geala shouted at her guard. The other mercenaries reluctantly strode forwards.
“Don’t make this—”
Farmer Wailant Strongheart drew his cutlass.
It was not, as someone familiar with the stereotype of [Pirates] from Erin’s world might have expected, an oversized blade. Real cutlasses were short sabers, curved, yes, but not oversized. The cupped guard and hilt made the weapon a good fight for close-quarter combat. Boarding actions, for instance. On boats. You might also use another weapon in your off-hand.
Like a wand. Wailant aimed the wand at the [Head Caravan Guard]’s face. The man froze. Not just because of the wand—the cutlass shone. It was, after all, enchanted. The [Caravan Guards] backed up. Merchant Geala froze.
You got all sorts of [Farmers]. All sorts. Crazy ones, normal ones, [Farmers] who were more like [Managers] than the ones who did everything manually. But it was a rare [Farmer] indeed who owned an enchanted blade and knew how to use it, let alone fought like a [Pirate].
“See this? Magic cutlass. You got anything half as sharp, landfolk?”
The abnormal [Farmer] swung his cutlass easily through the air. The mercenaries stopped. They wore metal and leather, unenchanted. A sword like that might have a lesser enchantment. It didn’t look like that, of course. And a good one would cut right through their armor. They looked at their leader. Their leader stared at the glowing wand’s tip. It might just be a bluff.
“That’s what I thought. You piss right back into the sewer you came from. And I won’t remember your faces.”
Wailant snorted. The mercenaries had a choice. They could get into a fight with an angry [Farmer] in a foreign city—who had an enchanted sword and a wand—or they could walk off. It took them one second.
They walked off.
“Get back here!”
Mistress Geala was white with rage—then paled as she saw Wailant sheathing his sword. She backed up.
“Don’t you dare lay a land on me! I am a [Merchant] from First Landing and I’m bound for Pallass! I—”
“Don’t worry. I don’t kill landfolk for slights. Even if it’s deserved.”
Wailant sighed. Mistress Geala backed up. The [Farmer] looked at her.
Then he slapped her. Numbtongue, who’d finally got up clutching his groin, saw the woman twirl with the impact. The street gasped. The Hobgoblin winced. 
Wailant Strongheart nodded, satisfied. He stared down as the [Merchant] fell over.
“That’s for threatening to beat me down. Miss. Do it again and I’ll cut off a finger. If you’d been able to mind your manners or let live and sail on, none of this would have happened. Idiot.”
He walked backwards, whistling. Numbtongue stared at the woman. So did everyone else.
It was about personalities. Merchant Geala wasn’t a bad woman. Probably. In another circumstance, her brazen attitude towards business might have come off as mildly infuriating, but acceptable. And a broken wagon wheel was something to get mad about. You could take demanding an apology too far. But still.
It was all about the person. And Wailant Strongheart was…Wailant. And he was a known figure. But in this moment, as the [Farmer] dusted his hands and looked about for the Hobgoblin he’d just attacked, he was not exactly in the right.
A group of [Guardsmen] raced around the street, marching fast. They’d remembered the other door to Stitchworks. Their leader was shouting.
“Secure the door! Make sure it doesn’t use its magic! Don’t let one of the ants through! Where’s that Goblin? I saw it come through! Capture it! If it resists—”
