7.07
Page 5
All but in one place. The dome of wood and twisting vines stopped in the air. And a large, circular center let bright light shine down into this strange area. Mrsha saw the beam of light, illuminating the world ahead.
She wiggled her paws in the grass. It was so soft. Not like full-grown, whippy grass with seeds and other plants mixed in. This was pleasant. Soft. You could roll about in it forever.
Mrsha did, for a bit. She felt her anxiety disappearing. She should have been afraid, snatched away to somewhere else. But she wasn’t. Instinctively, Mrsha felt reassured and she couldn’t have said why. Her [Druid] class told her she was safe.
And so did something else. This world was familiar. If anything, Mrsha just wanted to find the door so she could show Lyonette. But—she was still angry. So Mrsha decided to explore. Maybe she’d find the door when she did.
Shade engulfed this part of the…garden. And Mrsha saw that light would seldom come here. Grass grew in places, like where she’d walked in. But soft, loamy soil was just as frequent. Mrsha stopped as she saw a large stone with large mushrooms growing next to them. She sniffed cautiously, but she recognized some of them. All edible, according to Urksh.
Mrsha nearly nibbled a few, but she wasn’t hungry. They were big mushrooms, though. She looked around. And blinked.
This world wasn’t one flat place. It was large—large enough to hold a small hill in one section. Mrsha saw the sunlit ground sloping up. But the garden was divided into different spots.
She stood in the shade, here. And Mrsha saw something curious.
A ring of mushrooms. It was a big circle in the middle of the grass. The Gnoll trotted over, fascinated by the way the little, purple shrooms sprang up yet kept to the formation. She put one paw in the center of the circle, and then leapt in.
Mrsha’s hair stood up on her body. She inhaled, and waited. But nothing happened. The Gnoll child laughed silently. She rolled around in the grass, and then leapt up. And she knew, knew, that this place had been meant for her. So she began to run.
Soft dirt and shade. A mushroom as large as Mrsha. The soft smell of decay, and life budding again in shadows. A glowing strand of fungus. And under a rock—
Nothing. Mrsha saw no bugs. She should have. Bugs loved to live in places like this. But the only living thing besides the plants was her. Mrsha ran ahead, and found there was a little path of flat stones. Who had made it? Why?
She followed it. It ran right, sloping upwards. Mrsha raced up, laughing to run freely. She couldn’t run in the inn without hitting something! But this—
The white Gnoll crested a bit of earth and stopped. She beheld more of the garden. And she saw at the center of the area, bathed in sunlight, was a plateau.
Filled with flowers. A meadow sprang to life on the upraised dirt in the middle section. Large enough to play in. Not to play baseball, but throw a ball as far as anyone but Relc could. Mrsha saw big flowers blooming, and stalks of wheat, full-grown grass, and no stones or weeds or anything hurtful in sight.
Her eyes grew round, and then the Gnoll ran joyfully into the meadow. She leapt through the flowers, inhaling a dozen pollens and sneezing gleefully. Mrsha emerged through the other side and looked back. But no butterflies or small animals escaped her rampage.
