7.07
Page 31
Trent stared at Lyonette. She half-glared at Erin.
“No, we do not, in fact.”
“But what a waste of money!”
The [Merchant] burst out. Lyonette nodded. Erin sighed. So did Cetris.
“I see the issue. Moving ahead. We’ll return to you, Guildmasters. The Baker’s Guild is furious because of a…baking…soda? Some new alchemical concoction.”
The [Baker] sent to represent her guild nodded, looking angrily at Octavia.
“It’s going to ruin our jobs, Mayor! It’s not a real baking thing at all! Just some fake powder. You have to do something with acid. I heard that [Alchemist] telling her customers!”
“Acid?”
Alarmed, Cetris looked at Octavia. The [Alchemist] raised her hands.
“Hey! I just meant buttermilk! Acidic liquids! Not acid, acid. It’s a technical term. And it’s completely good powder! Right Erin? You can use it for baking!”
“It’s ruining jobs! You’ll get jumped-up apprentices trying to replace masters. We cultivate yeast, and gain Skills for rising bread. But this powder will undercut all our levels and hard work!”
The [Baker] made her case. Cetris nodded a few times, looking at Erin and Octavia.
“Do you two have anything to say, Miss Solstice, Miss Cotton?”
Erin raised her hand.
“Um. Yeah. Baking powder’s normal. It’s not a weird alchemical thing. Well, it’s not like flour or oil, but it’s not a trick. You can make bread with baking soda, just like with yeast. Or powder.”
“There’s a powder?”
“What’s the difference?”
The [Baker] and Octavia exclaimed. Montressa narrowed her eyes at Erin’s back. Erin shrugged.
“I have no idea. It just makes bread rise up and stuff. But look—it’s natural. That’s why I asked Octavia for help. I didn’t have a Skill, so I needed baking soda.”
“But it’ll undercut—[Mayor]!”
The [Baker] appealed to Cetris. He was nodding.
“Miss Cotton, Miss Solstice. You can see that this will damage our [Baker]’s livelihoods, can’t you? These new changes, this door—all of it is destabilizing Celum’s workers. Who have worked in their professions for generations!”
He thought it was quite well-put. But all four young women instantly opened their mouths. Montressa was first.
“Mayor Duiland, I’m sure that Celum’s workers are quite traditional. And if you so require it, I’m certain Miss Cotton will happily stop selling her soda in Celum.”
“She will?”
“I will?”
Octavia stared at Montressa’s back. The [Mage] turned her head.
“Didn’t you say you wanted to move to Liscor, Octavia? I heard Lyonette discussing it with you.”
The [Princess] blinked.
“Well—we were suggesting a wing of the inn.”
“Perfect! You can do that! We don’t need that trouble, anyways!”
The [Baker] was beaming. But Cetris had caught Montressa’s implication. He rubbed his forehead.
“That would mean baking soda is then imported to Celum, wouldn’t it, Mage Montressa? Which means we would be paying for the very goods our own Miss Cotton is producing in the city?”
Montressa smiled at Cetris as Guildmaster Trent’s head snapped up.
“Precisely, Mayor Cetris. You can stop baking soda from being imported into the city, of course, but you cannot stop a new invention. I’m sure Liscor’s [Bakers] will face the very same issues as Celum’s, but baking soda exists and if it isn’t harmful—”
She looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] shrugged.
“Just don’t swallow it alone. That’s probably bad. Probably gives you bad gas or makes you throw up if you do it wrong. But it’s not poison. I think.”
“—then I’m afraid that’s where the Baker’s Guilds will have to adapt.”
Montressa nodded at the crestfallen [Baker]. Cetris looked around.
