7.07
Page 26
He paused as he saw Wailant, the [Merchant] clutching her cheek. Wailant stopped and his look of satisfaction vanished.
“…Shit.”
“Strongheart! What’s this about?”
The [Lieutenant] knew Wailant. And it only took him a moment before his face turned crimson.
“You hit a [Merchant] and damaged her wagon? Are you a Troll, man? That’s a woman!”
He strode up to Wailant, with the authority and force of outrage behind him. His patrol didn’t look happy about confronting Wailant, who was a known character. They didn’t like fighting a Hobgoblin either, but it was hard to tell who they were more reluctant to battle with at this moment.
“Forgive me, sir. I didn’t know what I was doing. Defending myself from someone who hired a lot of toughs to beat me down if I didn’t grovel at her feet.”
Wailant rolled his eyes, crossing his arms. The [Lieutenant] metamorphosed into purple. He pointed a finger at Wailant’s face.
“That’s it, Strongheart! You’ve been warned! You’re banned from the city for a month!”
“What? For dealing with some stuck-up foreigner?”
The [Farmer]’s eyes narrowed dangerously. The [Lieutenant] was listing off offences.
“Damage to property! Aggravated conduct! Striking a civilian! Intimidation! Offers of violence with a magical artifact! Repeated misconduct—don’t walk away from me! You’re lucky it’s a month! I should fine you on top of the wagon’s cost—”
He grabbed Wailant’s shoulder. Another mistake. The [Farmer] spun.
“Make it six months, idiot.”
He laid the [Lieutenant] out with a single punch. The plaza stared at the unconscious man. The patrol stared at Wailant. The [Farmer] looked at his bleeding fist—he’d nicked it on the edges of the man’s helmet. He cursed.
“Damn it.”
 
—-
 
In short order, Octavia’s shop was secured. Aside from the incident in the plaza, the door was secured and the Watch Captain learned to his displeasure that was not the magic door, but a receptacle for the actual magic.
The [Mayor] was not going to be happy. But done was done. The Watch Captain was just a vehicle to the desires of Celum, and he was still put-out over not making the final cut with the Players of Celum. They’d given him a choice—supporting cast or keep his old job. He’d lobbied for lead actor, and he’d been turned down. Wesle had gotten that role.
He was still mad about it. And madder still to hear about Wailant. The Watch Captain saw the [Farmer] lined up to leave the city by the northern gates. He stormed over.
“You! Strongheart! Get out of here! You’re banned for a year! Got it?”
“Yeah, yeah. Once you need my produce, you’ll want me back! And your [Alchemists] too!”
“All but two of them are out of commission, you idiot!”
The Watch Captain shouted at Wailant’s back. It was sort of an odd way to be triumphant, given the troubles with the [Alchemists], but he was pleased by Wailant’s glower. The [Farmer] drove out of the city, swearing at everyone he passed.
 
—-
 
“Damn, damn, damn. I didn’t even get to unload the Sage’s Grass! Viceria’s going to rip my fucking jewels off.”
When he was a few miles out from the city, Wailant stopped urging his horses at their quick pace. He couldn’t help but swear, though. Banned from Celum. It wasn’t a light thing, and he hadn’t even sold his main product, the aforementioned Sage’s Grass. Furiously, the [Farmer] took a deep swig from his flask. It had a strong odor.
“Hold up. Hold up, you dumb horses!”
