7.07
Page 14
Sunlight shone down from above. And the meadow was large enough for Mrsha, Jelaqua, and Relc to run about in. Selys had given up and was lying in the bed of flowers, staring up at the sky.
“Incredible. Magical fog. I’ve seen similar effects. But this is a lesser [Gardener]’s Skill right here.”
Grimalkin, and the Wistram [Mages] were stalking the fog rolling across one section of the garden. Krshia and Elirr were sniffing the acacia tree.
“Chandrarian.”
Chaldion poked at the grass with his walking stick. He looked up, narrowing his eyes at the center of the dome.
“That’s Liscor’s skies. Does that mean this place is in the inn? Could that be a weak point?”
Zevara frowned up at the opening in the ceiling. Olesm shrugged.
“Maybe. It’s high up, but—hello? Can I get some help climbing up there?”
“Let me.”
Moore walked over. He and Seborn had been inspecting the pond. The [Green Mage] tapped the ground.
“[Earthen Spire].”
A spire of stone rose under Zevara and Olesm’s feet. They slowly rose upwards, towards the hole in the ceiling.
“Hey! Don’t ruin my new garden!”
Erin shouted at Moore. The half-Giant looked abashed.
“Don’t worry, Miss Solstice. I’ll return it to normal. But they wanted—”
Everyone looked up as Zevara and Olesm, perching carefully on the stone spire, reached the top of the dome. Zevara waved at Moore and bellowed.
“Keep it steady!”
She reached up, pulling herself over the edge as Olesm held her steady, reaching up to see what lay beyond the dome—
And vanished. Moore’s eyes widened with alarm. Erin shouted in panic—and then paused.
“Wait a second! They’re on—”
Zevara and Olesm blinked as they found themselves on the roof of the inn. Olesm was clutching Zevara’s legs and she stared about. A group of Antinium Workers stared at the two Drakes, who’d appeared out of nowhere.
“Well, that settles that. It’s a secret room. Lets in sunlight, probably rain—but you can’t enter it any other way. It would be silly to have a weak spot like that.”
When Zevara and Olesm returned, Palt nodded wisely. Some of the others had come back too. Lyonette had pursued Saliss about the garden and Klbkch was covered in plant matter.
“The tropical area contains a number of plants indigenous to Baleros, but nothing harmful. Some thorns in plants, but nothing magical or dangerous.”
The Antinium Revalantor sheathed his blades. Saliss had a basket.
“And I’ve found a lot of mundane plants! I suppose it was too much to ask for something crazy. But this is nearly as good as a smaller garden in Oteslia! Lots of good stuff to eat!”
He was chewing on a mushroom. Grimalkin slowly nodded.
“A useful Skill. I’ve checked the entirety of the garden. Let’s appraise how strong that door is, shall we? The garden is clearly a secondary effect to the sanctuary aspect for now. It has potential, as a sealed room—I’d have preferred a training area, but perhaps it can be converted—”
He marched out. Erin, bemused, saw the others leaving too, having had their fill for a moment. She stared at Mrsha and Lyonette, Bird, Relc, and a few others.
“Didn’t he see it?”
Erin pointed up at the hill. Grimalkin and the others had never gone up there. But Relc, Selys, Krshia—those who remained could see it. Mrsha clung to Lyonette’s legs. She pointed up at the hill, remembering. And her paw shook.
The others looked at each other. Bird, Selys, Relc, Erin, Lyonette, Mrsha, Krshia, Elirr—the Halfseekers had gone with Ulinde, keeping up the ruse. Slowly, Erin nodded.
“Show us, Mrsha.”
