7.07
Page 10
Lyonette’s eyes were flowing. And Mrsha began to cry again as well, not even knowing fully why, only that Lyonette was sad. She hugged Lyonette, trying to apologize silently. Grimalkin looked about, opened his mouth as he reached for Erin’s shoulder, and Saliss nudged him.
The [Sinew Magus] blinked, and fell silent. He let the [Innkeeper] hug Mrsha without interruption. Drassi rushed out of the room to find all the other searchers, and so did Palt and a few more.
It took a long time for everything to settle back down into normalcy. Explanations had to be given. Some people had still been looking, like the Halfseekers, and they had to come back and see Mrsha was well.
The little Gnoll was much chastised. She shrank down as she saw all the worried people who had to hug her. Lyonette nearly scolded her—until she saw how guilty Mrsha was.
And then they finally had to ask where Mrsha had gone. Grimalkin was the first to point it out. He looked around the crowded room, filled with all of Erin’s friends and acquaintances who’d come for her. For Mrsha.
Selys, Krshia, Olesm, Klbkch, Relc, Zevara, Krshia, Elirr, Palt, Montressa, Beza, Chaldion, Saliss, Jelaqua, Moore, Seborn, Bird—and the Antinium were missing since Klbkch had forbidden them from leaving the Hive. Octavia and Numbtongue were presumably in Celum, and people like Rufelt, Lasica, and Bevussa’s team and so on weren’t here. Or the Horns, or…
But there were so many. An [Innkeeper]’s strength was in her friends. And they’d come, at her call. Even him. Grimalkin paused. Then, he interrupted Lyonette, still holding Mrsha as if to never let go.
“Where did she go? And where did she come from?”
“That’s right. Mrsha, honey, where were you? We were so worried! Didn’t you hear us? How did you get past the Workers? Did you jump out the window?”
Lyonette was caught between being angry and gentle. Mrsha shrank, flinching at all the stares. Apista flew possessively over Mrsha’s head. Erin shielded Mrsha from some of the looks.
“No one’s angry, Mrsha. We were just worried. You were gone for two hours, but we’re all happy you’re back. But we’d like to know. We’re not angry, right?”
She turned her head. Everyone nodded hurriedly. Grimalkin uncrossed his arms as Saliss nudged him again.
“You are not good with children, are you?”
“What’s that got to do with my work?”
Grimalkin glowered at the [Alchemist]. He tried to smile at Mrsha. The Gnoll hid her face in Lyonette’s chest. The [Princess] glowered at Grimalkin.
“Maybe turn around.”
The Named Adventurer suggested cheerfully. Grimalkin blew out his cheeks.
“Let me try.”
Palt clicked his fingers. Mrsha looked up to see a happy, smiling crowd around her. The [Illusionist]’s spell even turned Grimalkin happy.
Affronted, the [Sinew Magus] immediately dispelled the magic.
“May we stop with the tricks? Where did she come from? I have excellent awareness, but she snuck up on me. Even most [Rogues] can’t do that.”
He nodded at Seborn. The Drowned Man raised an eyebrow and Jelaqua patted his shoulder.
“You can try later, Seborn.”
“Mrsha? Can you tell us where you were? We’re not mad.”
Lyonette whispered to Mrsha. The Gnoll nodded, wiping her eyes on the handkerchief Apista flew towards her. She immediately began signing with her paws.
“What? What is she doing?”
Chaldion wasn’t in the know about Mrsha. He stared at the Gnoll child.
“I think she’s mute.”
“What? That cute little Gnoll? I thought she was shy!”
Palt stared, nearly dropping his cigar he’d lit up in relief. Beza slapped his side.
“Don’t be an ass—”
“I didn’t know! How’s she supposed to tell us—”
