7.07
Page 29
“I’ve been told that this…Goblin…has never caused an incident in Celum aside from the encounter with the [Thugs]. So, therefore, I chose to ignore it. As I did the incident with the Antinium, and all the other incidents in the city. Celum, is, after all, a place of trade. But it seems in recent weeks that it has become a lopsided trade, Miss Solstice. Hence the confiscation of your door.”
“Which you guys thought was the actual magic one. You tried to steal it. I wonder who got that wrong?”
Erin glared at Miss Agnes. The older [Innkeeper] glared back. What had happened with Agnes? She’d once been a friend. But Safry and Marian had been bad, and Miss Agnes—Erin had liked her. Right up until she hadn’t.
“We attempted to steal nothing. The association of [Innkeepers] in Celum is simply opposed to your tactics of coercion. And [Innkeepers] across Izril will hear of you—you—thief! You stole my best workers and then fired them within a week!”
Miss Agnes pointed at Erin. The young woman shot up.
“Because they bullied Mrsha—”
“Enough! Please! Enough!”
Cetris stood up. He glared around and put two hands on the table. Then he looked past Erin.
“Mage Montressa. May I ask why Wistram is present at these negotiations? This is not the Academy’s business.”
His tone was politest towards her. Montressa cleared her throat as she tapped her staff on the carpet.
“Indeed not, Mayor Duiland. I’m simply here to aid in the negotiations as a friend to Miss Erin Solstice. I am a private individual conducting my business, and the academy does not back my presence in this regard.”
She nodded at Erin. The young woman nodded back, warily. Montressa had offered her help, and Erin had taken it. Cetris frowned. He didn’t like Montressa being here, ‘private individual’ or not.
“Very well, very well. Let’s put aside the matter of the Hobgoblin for now. When he is found, we will address any concerns. Miss Erin Solstice, you’ve been summoned for a number of reasons. Namely, your…portal door and its usage, and your influence on the city at large.”
Erin blinked at him.
“What about my door? It’s been there for months!”
The [Mayor] held up a hand.
“It has, and I have been aware of it and considered it a boon to Celum. However, this morning, I received not one, but numerous complaints related to your presence in the city. If I may, I will list them now. Firstly—”
Erin stared as he slowly read from his notes. The Runner’s Guild was angry that people were using her door to carry parcels and letters. The Merchant’s Guild was mad about the same thing.  The Baker’s Guild hated Octavia’s baking soda and thought it was fake alchemy instead of real methods to rise bread. And the [Innkeepers]—Cetris had to pause at the lengthy list.
“Well, I have numerous complaints, regarding the treatment of staff, going against other inns in a combative spirit, taking over an inn despite the wishes of the actual [Innkeeper], poaching entertainment—”
“What? When did I do that last one?”
“The Players of Celum! They’re Celum’s people and she’s been funneling them all into her inn! Into Liscor!”
Timbor Parithad glared at Erin. She threw up her hands.
“They’re [Actors]! I taught Wesle and Jasi how to perform plays!”
“But they’re Celum’s citizens.”
“So?”
A fist crashed down on the table. Lyonette looked at the Head of the Merchant’s Guild. The man was red-faced. He barked down at Erin.
“So your inn’s taking away wages and profits that belong to Celum, young lady! This is our city, and you—”
“Guildmaster Trent!”
