7.07
Page 28
He might not even have been a bad man. Erin didn’t know. But as she sat across from him in the little meeting room, arms folded, she was certain that if she had the opportunity, she was gonna punch him.
“Where’s Numbtongue?”
“That’s being investigated, Miss. Apparently, he was seen in a run-in with one of our local troublemakers. Another one, I should say. Captain, the Hobgoblin’s location?”
“Unknown, sir. But I’ve got my boys searching. It won’t hide long, and if it causes trouble—”
“He won’t cause trouble! And he’d be here if you didn’t steal my door!”
Erin slammed her hands on the table. The [Mayor] leaned back. Cetris Duiland was his name.
“Miss Solstice, as I said, that was an unfortunate accident. But please, calm down.”
“Mayor Duiland, this is exactly what we’re talking about! She’s got no respect for the city or its laws! And that Hobgoblin! How has she been allowed to act like this for so long?”
An angry voice rang out from behind the [Mayor]. Erin glared and was met by glares from a number of faces, familiar and unfamiliar. The Head of the Merchant’s Guild, the Baker’s Guild representative, the Guildmaster of the Runner’s Guild, were all present. As well, there were three familiar faces.
[Innkeepers]. Miss Agnes, Miss Ulia, and Mister Timbor, all of Celum, glared at Erin. She looked around. She had Octavia, Lyonette, Montressa, and a really bad mood.
When Erin had finally opened the door to Celum to confront Numbtongue’s disappearance, she’d received a message that she needed to appear before the [Mayor] of Celum. She vaguely knew the man—he’d yelled at her when she brought in Grimalkin and Relc to help fight that gang terrorizing Octavia. But she didn’t know him.
Now, clearly, he was going to be trouble. Erin folded her arms. She would have felt better if she had Grimalkin in her corner, or Zevara. Or anyone from either Pallass or Liscor.
But they’d declined to come. This was Erin’s squabble with Celum, and as Krshia had pointed out, it would not do for Liscor to start a conflict with a Human city. Nor for Pallass. It was a sign that Krshia was taking her new position seriously, much to Erin’s dismay.
However, she’d left Relc at the door and told the Watch Captain of Celum outright that Erin was Liscor’s. If Celum tried anything, well, they’d never be able to close the door with Relc around. And he’d come get her if Erin was gone for more than an hour.
Some comfort. Erin glared at Mayor Duiland.
“If one of the Watch hurts Numbtongue…”
“Miss Solstice. Threats against Celum are only adding to the case against you.”
“What case? You stole my door!”
“Because you’re a menace to Celum! You steal jobs, cause havoc—we can’t trust this Hobgoblin! Mayor, consider your own children! If this Hob were to run into your daughter—”
Miss Agnes’ voice cut off as Cetris turned in his chair. He was not a powerfully built figure like Wailant. But Erin saw him turn and she caught half of his expression.
“Was that a threat, Miss Agnes? What about my daughter?”
“Nothing! I was only concerned for—”
“A Hobgoblin is still a Goblin, Mayor Duiland. I’m sure Miss Agnes forgot herself.”
[Innkeeper] Ulia bowed slightly. Cetris stared at her and then relaxed. And Erin took his second measure.
