7.07
Page 36
He gave Montressa a triumphant look. The [Aegiscaster] just stared at Palt. Erin blinked.
“Who?”
Palt inhaled on his cigar. He puffed out.
“It’s a funny thing. But—you wouldn’t happen to know a Viceria Strongheart, would you? Apparently, her daughter’s in the city. She knows you?”
Erin Solstice blinked. She looked around. Then she raised her voice.
“Garia?”
Someone fought through the crowd Relc was blocking. He let her go through, and a slim, physically built young woman entered the room. She had the kind of body Erin expected on an athlete. Ryoka-ish, but Ryoka didn’t have those abdominals. Or the inclination to show them.
But Garia Strongheart was a changed young woman. She panted as she wiped sweat from her brow.
“Erin! Did you call my name? Is Mrsha found? I’ve been running all over Celum with Fals, but I’m almost certain she’s not here!”
Erin saw Fals waving a hand from the crowd. She sucked in her breath.
“Ooh.”
Montressa echoed her.
“Ooh.”
Erin waved guiltily at Garia.
“Come on through. You too, Fals! You need to see this. And uh, I’ll be in the kitchen after this. For a—thank-you cake. A big one. So long as Mrsha doesn’t smash it.”
Garia trotted into the inn. She exclaimed as Erin told her the news about Mrsha and the garden. And then her eyes widened.
“Mom sent that [Message]? But—how’d he get there?”
“Apparently her spouse picked him up after some sort of fight in Celum.”
“Dad? Oh no. Did he cut Numbtongue? He’s got a magic cutlass that he coats with some kind of paralysis poison! As if the wand and the enchantment isn’t bad enough!”
The City Runner groaned. Erin stared at her. She realized she’d never met Garia’s parents. Ryoka had, with Mrsha, but all she’d said about them was that they were ‘interesting’. How interesting, Erin had never known. She looked at Palt. He waggled his eyebrows.
“Ullsinoi.”
“Garia, your parents have Numbtongue at their farm. He’s not hurt, but—”
The [Martial Artist] sighed in relief.
“Oh, good. Then—I could actually run the magic door gem-thing over there! It’s not far! My parents have a farm around Celum.”
“What do they grow?”
Garia made a face.
“Produce. Dad rotates it when he gets bored, but we have a few fields of Sage’s Grass. It’s more trouble than it’s worth.”
“What?”
Montressa and Palt stared at Garia. She shook her head.
“I just hope they don’t do anything weird to Numbtongue. They drink like, well, retired [Pirates]. Which Dad is. Haven’t I ever said?”
“Wait, say that again?”
Erin tried to clear out one ear. She saw Mrsha running through the doorway. And then, of all people, Seborn appeared.
“Did someone say [Pirates]?”
He stared at Garia. And Erin had a surreal experience. Upon her inn, all things turned. It was a place of magic, mystery, and event. But for the first time…
Everything was revolving around Garia.
 
—-
 
A Drake stood in a building in Liscor. Which one wasn’t important. He had a few like it. Safe places. Places where a…[Thief], or someone who knew the right people could hide out. For a price. The Drake had ashen scales, and he was old.
He was called Mister Soot. Mister Soot. He was very particular about that. If you asked the right people, they’d tell you about Mister Soot.
He was a crime lord. Not a [Crime Lord]; that was a bit above his actual class, [Mastermind]. [Gang Mastermind], if you wanted to be specific.
It sounded better than it was. Or maybe it sounded exactly like it was. Soot was no ‘stache-twirling evil genius. But he was smart, and he operated a significant portion of Liscor’s underworld.
