7.07
Page 3
It was like she’d vanished. And between the three Drakes, that was a hard thing to admit. If Mrsha had been teleported, even with [Greater Teleport], there would have been a magical residue. If she’d been attacked, carried off, Saliss would have scented it.
Chaldion had gone through the logical exercises that Pyrite had, but every avenue revealed no white Gnoll. Not even Celum; the City Watch and Octavia both denied seeing Mrsha and the odds of her being in the city were remote.
“It has to be a Skill. But whose?”
Grimalkin growled. Chaldion folded his arms.
“Another point to investigate. My time was not wasted coming here. However—”
Every head turned as Erin Solstice appeared. She walked through the front doors leading to the trapped hallway.
“She’s not in Esthelm. I think…I think she’s here. Lyonette. I’m certain of it.”
The [Innkeeper] turned to Lyonette. The [Princess]’s hand was bleeding. The Gnolls smelled it and Saliss’ keen eyes saw the blood from where her fingernails had cut into her skin. But neither one was panicking, or wailing. What good would that do? And Erin Solstice…
“She’s here. I wasn’t sure at first, but I know it, Lyonette. That’s why I’m not panicking. Mrsha’s…here.”
Erin slowly walked into the inn. She looked around, her eyebrows furrowed. Staring around and searching for…something. Lyonette followed her, white-faced.
“But we’ve searched everywhere! She wouldn’t have hidden! Mrsha’s not like that! Once she heard us calling out—did she fall into one of Belgrade’s traps? I told him—”
“No. She’s here. But not…here.”
The young woman cut Lyonette off. She was visibly confused. Erin looked around, and then straight at Saliss.
“You’re here.”
“Hi. Yes I am.”
He waved at her. Erin ignored Saliss. She stared about the room.
“Is Palt here? Or Montressa?”
“I’m—”
“Yes, hello! How can we help?”
Montressa interrupted the exhausted Centaur. The [Aegiscaster] hurried over, staff in hand. Erin nodded to her as Beza hung back.
“Can you do something for me? Turn invisible?”
“I can do that.”
“And me.”
“What do you want to do?”
Grimalkin was curious too. Erin looked at all three [Mages].
“I’ll turn my back. Go invisible and hide.”
“Erin—”
“I’m testing something, Lyonette.”
“Give us ten seconds.”
The three [Mages] exchanged looks. Erin turned around and all three vanished. Saliss and Chaldion both didn’t blink, and their eyes followed patches of air moving across the room.
The others weren’t able to track the [Mages] so well. The Gnolls sniffed the air, getting approximate locations. Drassi noticed a chair moving as Montressa bumped it. Lyonette recoiled from a breeze. But then there was just silence.
“…nine…ten…”
Erin finished counting. She held still. Her eyes were closed and her back was turned to a wall. She didn’t immediately turn around. Instead, her head rose. And then the [Innkeeper] thoughtfully spoke.
“Palt is upstairs. Somehow. Montressa’s in the kitchen. And Grimalkin’s…not in the inn.”
Lyonette stared at Erin’s back. There was an exclamation from the kitchen and Montressa reappeared. Someone went to get Palt.
“Where’s Grimalkin?”
“Outside.”
A number of voices chorused. Drassi went to fetch Grimalkin. He strode back in.
“I walked down the hill. Your findings?”
“Mrsha’s here.”
Erin looked around. Her eyes narrowed.
“I couldn’t do this when I was Level 20.”
Chaldion eyed Erin. Saliss just grinned. Erin Solstice looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] was piecing together what Erin had understood.
“So—so you’re sensing Mrsha? You know she’s here?”
