7.07
Page 19
The [Grand Strategist] tapped his cane twice, and then slashed at Saliss’ legs. Erin saw the glowing magical spear at the tip of the cane, but Saliss dodged it.
“Violence against a citizen of Pallass! Help! Where’s the Watch?”
He fled, laughing his tail off. Chaldion glared after him. He turned to Erin.
“You wouldn’t care to tell us what Skills you have, Miss Solstice? Or what level?”
Everyone was looking at Erin now. She blushed.
“What? Nah, it’s nothing big…”
Chaldion stared pointedly at the wall Grimalkin had failed to damage. Erin hesitated.
“It’s my Skills. Hey, Saliss! I don’t owe you anything for the ring, do I?”
The [Alchemist] poked his head out from behind Moore. The half-Giant was gently swatting, trying to make Saliss stop circling him, but the Drake was too nimble. Saliss eyed Erin.
“…Can I have one of the flowers Xif keeps bragging about?”
Erin hesitated.
“No?”
She expected Saliss to haggle or use a Skill, but the Named Adventurer just shrugged.
“Fine. We’ll call it even for the magic fire. It’s still burning, by the way. Bit expensive to upkeep, but it’s worth it. Can I have some blue fire too?”
“Wait, you still have that?”
“Sure do. About the depressing flames? No?”
Erin looked around. Grimalkin was shaking his head.
“I heard rumors, but this is incredible. Has he always been like that?”
He looked at Chaldion. The [Grand Strategist] looked like he was going to have a heart attack.
“He revels in it. Ignore him and he’ll leave. Liscor may well have to suffer him, come to that.”
The look he gave Zevara was sympathetic. The Watch Captain paled as Saliss walked over and grinned at her.
“So, what’s the law on nudity in Liscor?”
Erin Solstice decided to ignore Saliss. She looked around—
And the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] was there. Closer to her, next to the kitchen’s door. It could be anywhere.
“It’s powerful, but localized to your inn. And what good is a door in a sudden attack? Against the Crelers it would have helped, but it’s situational. For the durability, I’ll give it close to a perfect grade. For your level…perhaps not. There are other Skills.”
Grimalkin folded his arms. He’d cooled down a bit. Erin looked at him.
“There are better Skills?”
“For a capstone level? Yes. If you’d care to furnish me with a list of your Skills and your exact class and level—which is probably Level 40—I’d be able to evaluate your efficiency. You have a mixed bag of Skills, owing to your own interests and focuses. However, as an [Innkeeper] you lack a lot of more widely applicable Skills in favor of unique ones.”
The muscular Drake sighed. He looked at the magic door.
“I’ve heard of people gaining one powerful Skill at a capstone level—or as many as six more mundane ones. It does depend on chance, as much as intent. But I think there’s someone you should meet to understand what you lack in your class.”
“Who?”
“Pallass’ best [Innkeeper]. He runs The Noble’s Fancy. 2nd Floor, so you’ve likely never seen him. I’ll write you a letter of introduction. He might inform your weaknesses.”
Grimalkin nodded at the door again. Erin frowned at him.
“I think it’s a great Skill. It’s the one I wanted.”
“But can it protect anyone? If you need to open it, if you need to be conscious of the danger…”
Olesm was frowning, seeing the same problem. Erin looked at him. And then at her door. And she had a thought.
“Maybe there’s more you don’t know. More no one knows. Maybe it’ll get stronger. I didn’t use to be able to find people with my other Skill—”
She saw Chaldion poised to take a note and sighed.
“—But I think it’s more than just a door. Look.”
