7.07
Page 30
Cetris Duiland pushed the man back. He glanced at the three younger women—and saw all three of them eying Guildmaster Trent. They did not look unnerved by the man’s show of aggression. If anything—
Lyonette was calmly eying the room, as cool as ice. Montressa was frowning at the red-faced man. Octavia was glaring at the [Bakers]. And Erin was wiping spit off her face.
“If he spits on me again, I’m gonna smack him.”
She warned Cetris. Erin was a head shorter and a lot thinner than Guildmaster Trent, but she seemed to suggest the smack would come whether Trent wanted it or not. Cetris paused. He’d heard Erin Solstice was good at fighting.
“Outbursts like that will not happen again, Miss Solstice.”
He shot Trent a warning look. The Guildmaster subsided. Lyonette took over.
“Celum has a number of complaints about The Wandering Inn, Mayor Cetris. However, I didn’t hear the city voicing their objections until now. There was an agreement in place about the use of the door to transport letters and goods belonging to the Merchant’s Guild and the Runner’s Guild, but the inn hasn’t received any notifications of impropriety until now.”
She glanced at Erin and then looked at Cetris with a smile. The young woman was polite and well-spoken as she glanced around the room.
“It seems that Erin’s property has been forcibly confiscated, and she herself has been summoned to a room to be threatened and shouted at by some of Celum’s elite for faults the city has caused, rather than approached in any diplomatic manner. Which is surprising to me that a city, or [Mayor] would act this way, but I assume this is all in good faith?”
Her tone was polite, but the delivery made Cetris flush. The Guildmasters all fidgeted uncomfortably as well. The [Mayor] shuffled his notes quickly, wondering who she was.
“It’s a regrettable oversight, Miss…”
“Lyon.”
“Miss Lyon, yes. But the fact remains that the ah, benign neglect has added up. Let’s run through the issues one at a time, shall we? The situation with individuals bearing packages through the door—”
“Is it an issue?”
Lyonette stopped Mayor Cetris with a raised brow. She heard a splutter.
“Of course it is! That’s our money—Runners make deliveries going south! This door is undercutting their work!”
“Because it’s more convenient.”
Lyonette coolly looked at the Guildmaster of the Runner’s Guild. The man hesitated.
“It’s magic. Cheating, is what it is!”
“But people should pay for City Runners to deliver goods slower and at cost, when a magical door can do their work for them? I fail to see the logic, Guildmaster. Unless your point is simply that the Runner’s Guild deserves to keep working as it always has?”
The man hesitated.
“It will ruin the economy. The Merchant’s Guild is in agreement. Transport to Liscor—”
“Doesn’t occur. Letters always go by way of Esthelm. And trade and transport ceases in the spring. The magic door may well put City Runners out of work in regards to going towards Liscor, but doesn’t Celum’s Runner’s Guild get more deliveries going north? If anything, Liscor’s Guild is the one that should be objecting.”
Mayor Cetris turned his head, eyebrows raised.
“Is that true, Guildmaster Eirnhen?”
The Guildmaster hesitated. Lyonette folded her arms and declined to high-five Erin. Both Trent and Eirnhen looked at each other. Eirnhern raised a finger.
“The fact is that it’s still free access to Liscor and Celum. Money that doesn’t go to either city, unless Liscor’s taking a cut?”
“But no one’s charged for the door.”
“What? You mean—you don’t charge people for using it?”
