7.07
Page 27
The driver ordered his animals to a halt. He jumped off the driver’s seat and casually walked around to his wagon. It was empty now, of the mundane produce he’d piled up in it. The valuable stuff was all in his bag of holding. You didn’t put gold in the wagon. That was a fool’s game.
The tarp was lying on the wagon. And the wagon should have been empty, but a [Pirate], even a former one, had sharp eyes. Wailant paused as he stared at the lump near the back.
“I’ve seen stranger things at sea. But never on land. Hey, greenskin. Want a drink?”
Numbtongue sat up fast. He had his sword drawn. Wailant held up his hands.
“Easy. I heard you’re a ‘friendly’ Goblin. If I wanted you dead, I’d just have shouted for the Watch to deal with you. Seems they don’t like Goblins, even ones that live in the city.”
The Goblin [Bard] lowered the blade a fraction. Wailant was right. The [Farmer] studied Numbtongue, perplexed. He jerked his head at Numbtongue.
“Are you a polymorphed bloke? Heard an Archmage once got offed after losing a duel like that.”
“No.”
That Numbtongue could speak didn’t seem to surprise Wailant either. He paused.
“Illusion spell?”
“No. I’m me.”
“Just a fucking Goblin?”
“Yes. Just a fucking Goblin. You have a problem?”
Numbtongue bared his teeth. He was looking around—Wailant had stopped just off the road, but there would be more travellers soon. The [Farmer] shrugged.
“Eh. And here I thought my girl was blowing wind up my sails. Since you’ll probably get killed if I let you hop out—fancy a drink?”
He offered Numbtongue the flask. The Hobgoblin blinked and Wailant tossed it. Numbtongue sniffed the drink, took a sip, and brightened up. He’d experienced the joys of unlimited alcohol in Erin’s inn. Normally, it was a rare treat for Redfangs.
“Hm. Thank you.”
Wailant did raise his eyes at the courtesy. Numbtongue took a swallow, threw the flask back. The [Farmer] regarded him, and then climbed around the front of the wagon.
“Alright then. It’s a ways to my farm, so keep your face hidden if anyone drives by. What’s your name, Hob?”
“Numbtongue. What’s yours?”
Numbtongue warily sat in the back of the wagon, facing Wailant. He kept an eye out for travellers, ready to hide his head. Who was this [Farmer] who fought well and had tattoos? Wailant Strongheart was drinking, and tossed the flask over his shoulder.
“Wailant. Say, do you know Garia? Runner girl? Looks as sturdy as—no. She’s thin? But got muscles, blackish hair? A bit of blue, if you look right. Skin about as tan as—”
He tapped one arm, and Numbtongue noticed Wailant was a few shades darker than most Humans he’d met.
“Yes. Garia Strongheart.”
“Ah, that’s the one. Good. I’d hate to think my daughter was meeting all kinds of weird Goblins about.”
“Daughter?”
“Yeah. Yeah…I was going to see her. Damn. She was going to show me that inn! Damned [Merchants]. You know, she cut in front of me. Think they own the roads.”
Numbtongue eyed Wailant and said nothing. After a second, the [Farmer] looked back at him. He waved one hand impatiently at Numbtongue—and also to get his flask back.
“So…why everything about you? Start with the guitar.”
 
—-
 
It depended on how you looked at them. Someone willing to give a Goblin in danger a lift could be a jerk. And a good man could be a poor one, or vice versa.
The [Mayor] of Celum might have been a good man. He wasn’t a renowned figure, known the breadth of the region for his accomplishments. He wasn’t that famous, but he had won his position by vote.
