7.07
Page 17
Erin smiled and wiped her eyes. But she was smiling. And there it was. A hilltop, waiting for anyone who wanted to rest there a while. Mrsha didn’t know if she could bear seeing Brunkr again. Perhaps, the next time she went up there, it would just be the bench. But he’d be waiting, for whenever she wanted to see him.
Mrsha had not seen the other faces precious to her. She longed for just a picture of Urksh’s face. Of all the others in the Stone Spears tribe. But this was Erin’s place. And despite her tears, Mrsha was jealous of her. Just a tiny bit.
For the proof of her feelings. But that was the power of her Skill. And the kind of person Erin was.
Mrsha wanted to level up.
 
—-
 
The others hadn’t noticed the interlude without Erin and the others. Perhaps they guessed, on seeing red eyes. But no one would talk about it. And the others had been busy.
“What have you done to my inn?”
Erin stared down at the scorched wood around the door. Montressa blushed.
“Just some unlocking spells—sorry, it’s not permanent.”
“The door vanishes if we don’t look at it. Only someone who can open the door can bring it back. And it can appear wherever there’s space.”
Olesm was making his own set of notes. Palt and Grimalkin were still trying to magically unlock the door.
“It’s not going to work. It’s a Skill. You’re using magic on something that doesn’t answer to you. You can’t force it!”
Saliss danced around the two. Grimalkin looked sourly at the shut door.
“Let’s find out if that’s true.”
He put one hand on the doorknob. Erin blinked at him. The [Sinew Magus] heaved, but the door didn’t move.
“Told you. I couldn’t get it open with Klbkch. You’re not gonna get it open, Grimalkin.”
Relc advised the Drake. Grimalkin ignored him. The [Sinew Magus] changed his leverage, put both hands on the doorknob and heaved.
Grimalkin’s muscles bulged. His eyes opened wide. Mrsha saw the magic burning bright in him. Brighter than anyone, even Pisces, or Moore, or the others.
The door refused to budge. Grimalkin growled. And then he gave up. Panting a bit, he stared at the door. After a second, Mrsha padded over. The door was actually slightly ajar. She nudged it open with her head.
No one else spoke. Laughter would have been a bit cruel. Grimalkin turned around.
“So it won’t open. How sturdy is it?”
“Let me try.”
Relc rubbed his claws. He could open the door, but as Mrsha scampered back, he took a run up and leapt.
“[Relc Kick]! Ow!”
He hit the door like an avalanche, but nothing happened. Rubbing his foot and swearing, Relc motioned.
“Anyone else want a try? Hold on—my spear! I’ll poke it!”
He raced off. Saliss brightened.
“You mean, we can take turns trying to destroy the door? Is there a prize if we succeed?”
“No need. I’m going to test the limits on this Skill.”
Grimalkin stepped up again. He looked annoyed. Relc halted as the [Sinew Magus] lowered his center of gravity and glared at the door. He made one fist at his waist.
“[Bound Spell: Siege Fireball]. [Salamander’s Skin]. [Lion’s Strength]. [Dual Binding: Valmira’s Comet]. [Haste]. [Thunder Step].”
“Whoa! Whoa, whoa whoa—”
Relc backed up fast. Everyone else did likewise. Erin shouted at Grimalkin.
“Hey! That’s my door you’re punching! What if you go through a wall?”
“We just renovated! Magus Grimalkin—the wall’s not that strong!”
Lyonette was also shouting at Grimalkin from a safe distance. The Drake turned his head.
“I’ll compensate you for all damages. Put up a barrier, Mage Montressa.”
“But—”
