7.07
Page 34
Erin blinked at them. Ulia’s brows shot together.
“No. They’re staying here.”
“Why?”
Mayor Cetris looked around wildly.
“Because they’re Celum’s [Actors]. That was one of your complaints, wasn’t it? Miss Ulia?”
“Naturally! They should be performing in our inns! They won’t just leave because Miss Solstice demands it!”
“But I helped make them. Besides, I help with the plays. And I have a stage. Temile’ll come if there’s a choice. I think.”
Erin furrowed her brows. Mayor Cetris was giving the other [Innkeepers] a death-glare. Timbor raised his hands.
“But—hold on now. They’re the Players of Celum! They can’t leave the city! That’s their name.”
He laughed as if that settled that. The young [Innkeeper] shrugged. Erin thought for a second and snapped her fingers.
“They can be the Players from Celum. I don’t like it. Families will have to move, and maybe some of the [Actors] will have to stay. But that’s life, right? You chose this. Not me.”
She looked at Cetris Duiland. The [Mayor] stared at her. Guilds were one thing. Inns were one thing. Even the threat of monster attacks. But Ulia had quoted the money and attention the Players of Celum—even the group that had been left behind—would bring the city. Without Miss Solstice’s inn to take custom into Liscor. He raised his hands.
“Wait a moment. This is an unexpected—let’s talk this through. I call—[Disadvantaged Renegotiation]! Thank you!”
Erin paused. The entire room paused. Cetris wiped at his brow with one sleeve.
“You can’t do that!”
Montressa glared at Cetris. But she and Octavia were already sitting back down. The other Guildmasters and [Innkeepers] were returning to their places as well. Cetris nodded at Montressa.
“Mage Montressa, I can and I did. It’s to Miss Solstice’s favor—”
It was one of his Skills as [Mayor]. Not a perfect one, but it worked. They’d begin again, albeit with the odds against Cetris. Or…it should have.
The young woman named Miss Lyon hadn’t moved. She’d folded her arms by the door.
“I don’t believe we need to renegotiate. Erin, Montressa, Octavia, let’s go.”
Cetris’ eyes bulged as he felt something resisting his [Disadvantaged Negotiation]. Somehow, the young woman was pushing at his Skill, fighting it off! That shouldn’t be possible! At least—not unless she was a [Diplomat], or [Merchant]! How was she…?
The [Mayor] and [Princess] locked gazes as they clashed in the inn. Erin, who was also on her feet, saw the invisible battle of wills. She hesitated. Then she waved a hand.
“Lyonette. Let’s try again. I don’t want to leave Celum if I can help it.”
“Erin—”
Lyonette glanced at her. Then she exhaled slowly.
“Fine.”
She returned to her position. Cetris exhaled, and found his handkerchief to mop at his forehead. Before anyone could object, he sprang into action.
“Very good! I, personally, and as [Mayor], see no reason not to allow the door to stay. I can even see a special permit—so long as this Hobgoblin stays in Miss Cotton’s shop. Signed! Ratified with the Adventurer’s Guild!”
“Mayor!”
Outrage from behind him. Cetris turned his head.
“Can any of you think of a reason that outweighs the Players of Celum’s departure? No? Thank you! Be silent!”
He turned back towards Erin. She smiled at him. She almost liked him, despite the situation. He was doing his job. It depended on how you met someone. Cetris smiled back as well.
“I believe we can come to an accommodation, Miss Solstice.”
