7.07
Page 32
“Surely…surely Miss Cotton would be amenable to halting her sale of baking soda.”
“I’ll move to Liscor.”
Octavia raised her hand. Cetris glared at her. But for the baking soda and her matches, he’d be glad to see the end of another of Celum’s headaches. But now—he drummed his fingers on the table.
“That would be unfortunate for Celum.”
“Hey, I like it here. Lived for years in Celum. But I’m getting a new place for free—”
“—with rent—”
Lyonette coughed into one hand. Octavia faltered.
“Well, safer than Celum. On the whole. I think. At least I won’t be extorted. It’ll be part of Erin’s inn, right?”
She got encouraging nods from Erin and Lyonette. Mayor Cetris’ face fell. He looked around.
“Mayor, we could prevent her from leaving. Just close the door! She can’t go through that way!”
One of the [Innkeepers] leaned over and whispered to Cetris. He flushed and snapped.
“Miss Agnes! We aren’t going to constrain Miss Cotton of anything!”
He glared at the [Innkeepers].
“This is a purely reasonable decision, without…punitive emotions involved! Miss Cotton will of course be allowed to move her shop if she so wishes! Quickly. Today. I imagine this—this door can do it all, can’t it? She’ll forfeit the lease on her shop, but that is a simple solution. Or she may go to Liscor properly! Without magic! Which is the normal way of things.”
Cetris turned around. He might not have been a bad man. Erin looked at him.
“But the door’s being closed to Celum? Why?”
The [Mayor] looked at her.
“Well, Miss Solstice, the complaints of the other Guilds aside, I have two good reasons. Firstly, I’m afraid the Innkeeper’s Association of Celum has the most complaints against you. You’ve been blacklisted by the local inns, and I’ve no desire to see a miniature trade war in my city. The one in the north is bad enough.”
“What, those three?”
Erin pointed at Agnes, Ulia, and Timbor. Cetris nodded.
“They have a number of complaints—”
“So what? They’re jerks.”
Erin glared at them.
“I helped you! And you betrayed me by taking my customers, my staff—”
Miss Agnes was furious. Erin pointed at her.
“Safry and Marian were an accident! They wanted to quit and they were awful! Why should I give them money for being lazy and mean—”
“[Innkeepers] cooperate. What don’t you understand, young woman? We share our profits, support each other—”
“Yeah, and lean, I bet! I don’t take orders from you—”
“Enough!”
Cetris stood up. Erin sat down. The other [Innkeepers] moved back. The [Mayor], breathing hard, shook his head.
“Miss Solstice. Aside from the fact that I’d like to discourage another conflict between professions, there’s a simple reason why your door will be banned from Celum. Firstly, because there is animosity between you and three guilds, and two of my best inns in the city.”
Miss Agnes’ smug smile slipped. Cetris shook his head.
“But mostly, Miss Solstice, I was persuaded because of your Hobgoblin. Because of the incident where an Antinium Soldier fought Celum’s citizens—even criminals! I’ve heard about Pallass, you see.”
“Oh. Ooh.”
Erin looked at Lyonette and Montressa and Octavia. Montressa winced.
“Mayor—”
“However, I’d be fine with dealing with that. Even the Antinium, yes. Gates can be built, access restricted. Inns monitored for infighting.”
Cetris glared over his shoulder. Then he sighed.
