7.07
Page 0

“It’s uncanny. She’s rather like an enigma wrapped up in a bottle inside an aggravating pot enchanted to annoy you.”
“…I understand what you’re saying, but I’d never have expected that line to come from you, Grand Strategist.”
“Magus Grimalkin. Do you disagree?”
“Not at all. I would have simply abbreviated the analogy. Erin Solstice is more like someone with layers.”
“Like an onion?”
“…No.”
“No. I was going to say a multi-level shield spell. Why an…onion?”
“Don’t you cook with onions? Either of you two?”
“I do not cook. I’ve studied nutrition, but cooking is not a practice I need to or care to study.”
“I can cook, Saliss. How is this germane to the conversation?”
“I’m just saying. Onions. Fry them up and they’re good. You can toss some oil in a pan, some onions, and maybe a bit of sauce or salt—that’s a snack.”
“Hm. Nutritional value?”
“I mean, they’re onions. I use them in one of my cloud-based recipes. So you get a killing cloud of poison that smells like onions.”
“We’re being derailed. Be silent, Saliss. My point is simply that she’s clever, intentionally or not. Grimalkin, you have experience with her. Is this…normal?”
“Hmf. I’d say it’s partly unconscious. But she obfuscates intentionally. Nevertheless, I’ve experienced this before. Not in this fashion, but a quiet, normal evening in this inn is a rare phenomenon.”
“Fascinating.”
“Yeah. Why are we whispering?”
Grimalkin and Chaldion both turned to look at Saliss. The third Drake paused.
“I mean—Chaldion’s using his ring. Why are we whispering?”
The other two Drakes stared at the [Alchemist]. ‘Annoyed’ was a mild word to describe how they felt about Saliss. Resigned, aggravated—you had to combine descriptors. But the Named Adventurer was the best [Alchemist] in all of Pallass, perhaps the world. He was more useful than he looked. And—well, he was also hard to get rid of.
Moreover, he was amid equals, in a sense. Grimalkin, the [Sinew Magus], and Chaldion, [Grand Strategist] in charge of Pallass’ armies were both famed and influential. If anything, Grimalkin was the lesser figure here. If anyone was being a stickler for the exact nuance of rank.
But no one was. And the three Drakes outranked and mattered more than anyone else in the inn in which they stood. And yet—they stood in a corner, talking. They were here, having taken time out of their incredibly busy schedules—again, Saliss being a sort of exception—to come here.
Because of a Human. Erin Solstice. And at this moment, Chaldion and Saliss were experiencing a phenomenon Grimalkin in his personal notes was dubbing the ‘Erin-chaos effect’.
Chaldion went on, looking around. He stopped whispering as Saliss, still nude, busily mushed up something in a mortar and pestle. It was amazing how fast you could get used to a naked Drake. No one in the inn even paused to stare at Saliss. Because there were more important matters to deal with.
“The Gnoll child is gone. I’ve scried this entire area. Even with her full name—she’s gone. That should not be possible.”
Grimalkin nodded. The [Magus] paused, and then extended a claw. Saliss glanced up as the burly Drake murmured.
“Mrsha Stone Spears. [Scry].”
There was a flash and his eyes glowed blue-white. Grimalkin paused.
“Nothing. It could be the scrying spell is struggling with Gnollish naming conventions. Plains Gnolls don’t have last names. [Scry] Mrsha Stonespears.”
“I’m used to [Scrying] spells, Magus. I can’t imagine we’d both fail. But yes, it is cumbersome.”
Chaldion sighed. He flipped up his eye patch and his blue pearl fake eye glowed with the same magic.
