7.07
Page 18
Too late. Grimalkin was very angry. Mrsha hid behind Moore as the Drake took one breath. He narrowed his eyes, stepped in, and punched the center of the door.
Multiple spells activated at once. Mrsha saw Grimalkin zoom forwards, and heard an explosion as his kick-off actually cracked the floorboards. She saw a bloom of fire, blocked by one of Montressa’s shields. At the same time, the force of the fireball and the other spell created a shockwave that tore up the floorboards around the door.
And the door itself? Grimalkin hit it with a blow stronger than the one that had made the Wyvern Lord back up.
The entire inn shook. Erin staggered—everyone stumbled, but she reeled for one moment. She fell down as Klbkch and Olesm caught her.
“Ooh.”
“The floor!”
Lyonette cried out. Grimalkin appeared in a cloud of smoke. He stepped back—and his face was beyond sour.
The door had vanished sometime after the punch and the cloud of smoke. And beyond it—
The wall wasn’t even damaged. Grimalkin stared down at the knuckles of his fist. He’d split and burned his scales from the impact. He’d done more damage to the floorboards. The [Sinew Magus] stomped away from the spot he’d hit.
“Clearly the Skill is tied to the structure of the inn. In theory, I could break it. I’ll pay for the floorboards. Grand Strategist, your thoughts?”
He stared at Chaldion. The old Drake was rubbing at his earholes.
“My eardrums hurt. Magus, a silencing spell would have not gone amiss.”
The old [Strategist] sighed. Then he looked at Erin.
“That defense is…Saliss, what level is she?”
Everyone looked at the Named Adventurer. Saliss paused innocently.
“Who, me? Why would I know something like that?”
Chaldion’s eyes narrowed. Saliss looked at Erin.
“Did you know you can use a spell called [Appraisal] and read someone’s level and Skills?”
“Huh? But wait—hey! Hold on, isn’t that private?”
Erin’s eyes went round. Beza, Grimalkin, and Palt all stared at Erin. All three [Mages] began muttering—Bezale went for a scroll. Chaldion was reaching for another eye.
Saliss was faster. He already had something in his claws. Now, he threw it at Erin.
“It’s dangerous to walk around with clothes. Take this!”
Erin caught a ring. It was a ruby mixed with what looked like gold—or what people thought gold should look like. A black, faintly luminescent sigil had been traced in the center, where a gemstone might go. It looked like a crossed-out eye, stylized. Erin saw the other [Mages] casting and slipped it on her finger, next to Ilvriss’ ring.
“Ancestors damn it, Saliss!”
Grimalkin roared in outrage. Chaldion stared at Erin, his fake eye shining, and then rounded on the [Alchemist].
“Miss Solstice, if you’d take off that ring for one moment. Or tell us—”
“Hey! My Skills are mine! Don’t peek!”
Erin protectively covered her body, as if that was what Palt and the others were looking at. Chaldion had stepped over to Saliss. He poked his cane at Saliss.
“Tell us what you read. This is not a game, you insubordinate child.”
“Beat me in a dance-off and I’ll tell you. Anyways, why didn’t any of you try that earlier? Seems like you underestimated Miss Erin. What a blunder for Pallass’ Grand Strategist!”
The Drake’s face was incredibly smug. Erin was staring at her ring.
“Wait. Is this expensive?”
“Nah, nah. Wait, I mean, a bit. Truegold and ruby. Now I don’t have one!”
Chaldion immediately focused on Saliss. The Drake put on a duplicate of the ring he’d given Erin.
“Just kidding! Spares!”
