7.07
Page 11
“Shut up!”
Across the room, Watch Captain Zevara was standing with Relc and Klbkch. She was a bit out of place, but she’d come when Drassi had told her. The Watch Captain wasn’t a huge friend of the inn, but every instinct told her she should know what new mischief was brewing now. But her eyes were locked on Grand Strategist Chaldion of Pallass and Saliss of Lights. Even the Halfseekers were sneaking looks at them.
“Guardsman Relc?”
“Yes, Captain Z?”
Zevara ignored that.
“Why are three of Pallass’ biggest names in this inn? Klbkch?”
The Antinium shrugged. He was eying Chaldion too. Relc scratched at his neck spines.
“Dunno, Captain. They were here when we showed up. We were pursuing the Bearclaw lead—someone’s watching her, right?”
“Another Senior Guards pairing. So are they here to pay…Erin Solstice a visit?”
“Looks like it.”
Zevara gulped. She looked at Erin and Lyonette. The young woman was frowning.
“Wait, you were afraid, I got that. Lyonette wasn’t really mad, Mrsha. But go back. You did what?”
The little Gnoll’s personal sign language wasn’t by any means complete yet. She mimed moving with her paws, rotating them around. Then pointed at the door.
“You moved—through a door?”
Nod, nod. Mrsha then pointed at Erin. Everyone looked at Erin. Lyonette frowned.
“Mrsha, what do you mean? Erin? Erin’s door? You moved through Erin’s door?”
Another nod. Mrsha impatiently waved her paw at Erin. The slow adults took a moment.
“Psst. The [Garden of Sanctuary]. I knew it.”
Saliss stage-whispered. Grimalkin’s head turned and Chaldion’s eyes narrowed. Erin started.
“It was that? But how?”
“Mrsha, can you show us? There was no door when I entered the room. Just the window.”
Lyonette was pointing towards the stairs. She nearly carried Mrsha up there, but the Gnoll began squirming. She fought her way out of Lyonette’s grasp and landed on the floor. Then, Mrsha looked around. She seemed to be looking for something.
“Where’s the door, Mrsha?”
“It’s probably invisible.”
Palt frowned, smoking hard as he peered around the room. Grimalkin and some of the other [Mages] were casting similar spells and looking around. Saliss rolled his eyes.
“No. It’s probably—aha!”
He pointed. Everyone turned. Zevara leapt back with an oath. A door had appeared right behind her! It was set into the wall, next to one of the unlit fireplaces. And it had not been there a moment ago.
“What in the name of scales…”
Selys’ jaw dropped. Bird peered excitedly over her shoulder.
“That is a door. It was not there before. I remember it not being.”
Everyone clustered around, exclaiming. Mrsha proudly marched up to the door and pointed. Lyonette stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] was slack-jawed, as taken aback as anyone.
“But how—?”
“A magic door! It’s like one of those doors at Wistram. Montressa, Beza, remember?”
Palt dropped his cigar in excitement. Montressa’s eyes were bulging. Beza was aghast.
“It can’t be! You can’t just—that’s a Skill? Wistram Academy is ancient! This [Innkeeper] has two magic doors?”
“It’s not the door. It’s the room. Isn’t it, Saliss? What’s the [Innkeeper]’s Skill?”
“[Garden of Sanctuary]. And I didn’t put it together that much earlier, oh, wise and mighty Chaldion. But it was fun waiting for the reveal, wasn’t it?”
The [Alchemist] grinned at Chaldion. Erin’s head turned for a second and she looked at Saliss. He’d known—? She was going to remember that! But everyone was staring at the door.
“You just saw it, Mrsha? Why?”
Relc was pulling at the door, and swearing. It wasn’t opening for him. Mrsha was nodding, trying to explain.
