7.07
Page 38
The [Mastermind] hesitated. He saw Bearclaw look at him. Normally, Soot wouldn’t have been around her without his [Bodyguards]. But he was not in control. He’d lost control the moment he’d walked into his safe room and found…this.
“Don’t worry. She’s not going to die. Not even if she bites her tongue. And my person will be here. I told you—I know how it works.”
Bearclaw’s reply was followed almost instantly by a rap on the door. Both she and Soot turned. It was the right phrase, but still, Soot held the dangerous wand in one claw, ready to draw, as Bearclaw checked. She let in a hooded, totally masked figure.
Another Gnoll? Or maybe a bulky Drake. Soot avoided his gaze as the figure came for the two [Guards]. They were still alive, but Bearclaw hadn’t left them able to fight back. They were loaded into a handcart like things and vanished with the other figure.
“I’ve heard of it being done. But I don’t…need to do that myself.”
Soot kept clearing his throat. Bearclaw gave him an amused grin. She had a small bottle out and was mixing the liquid into her fur, removing scent.
“It’s simple, Soot. I don’t know where she died. I don’t know how she died, officer. I wasn’t anywhere near her when she apparently died. She didn’t die the day I saw her, neither. Might not even be someone who killed them. Might have just been monsters. Hear you have Shield Spiders and Rock Crabs. Big pity, that.”
The Gnoll looked at Soot. He paled.
“What if they ask if you had anything at all to do with her death? Or if you ran into her or encountered her in…?”
The Watch weren’t idiots. They knew to ask multiple questions. And they would. Why had she done it?
“Then I use my [Four Good Lies] for the week. But I think I’ll level up tonight. Or at the least, the Watch’ll think twice about tailing me. That Drake and Ant would’ve been different, but they’re busy. And it proves the Watch isn’t invincible. Like you kept telling me, eh?”
Bearclaw rested one paw on Soot’s shoulder. He flinched away.
“Absolutely, Bearclaw. But…what happens if I get questioned?”
She grinned at him.
“You keep your mouth shut no matter what, eh, Soot?”
She went back to cleaning herself. Mister Soot eyed Bearclaw. She’d come to him with a warning, but he’d assumed he knew crime. He’d killed people with his claws before. With knives, wands—but always with the long view in mind.
Bearclaw didn’t care about consequences. She’d killed the two Senior Guards because she could.
“So?”
“So…?”
“The inn. You had a message for me?”
The Drake started. He nodded a few times, relieved.
“There’s a claim on the inn. The Brother of Serendipitous Meetings has one. And another—from the Elusive Lot. Claws off. Paws, that is.”
“Who’re the Brothers?”
Bearclaw didn’t look up. Soot paused.
“A big name up north. Two of their agents work in the south, sometimes. The Gentlemen Callers?”
“Never heard of them. What do I care?”
Soot gulped.
“The Elusive Lot also has a clause on the inn.”
“So? My gang doesn’t answer to [Mages].”
This time the Gnoll woman stared at Soot. He nodded a few times.
“Of course. But…I’m just letting you know.”
“And I don’t care. If that’s your message, it’s wasted. I can taste the money here.”
Bearclaw grinned again, flexing her huge paws.
“Bounty on a white Gnoll, alive. Bounty on an [Innkeeper]. Bounty on the magical door. And the Heartflame Breastplate.”
“The inn’s dangerous.”
“Yeah. I saw.”
Bearclaw knew about Grimalkin, the Gold-ranks, and all the others Soot had heard of going through Erin’s inn. The Drake had even gone there himself for a ‘pizza’. Still, she was smiling. Soot eyed her.
