7.07
Page 23
“It’s the dispute between the nobility and Lady Reinhart, sir. She’s put on a [Trade War] with all of ‘em—nothing goes through her lands Lady Reinharts doesn’t want. But the other nobles are retaliating. Alchemical ingredients, ores—anything bound for Invrisil is bound to searches and stops. Confiscation or high tariffs at the very least if I go through the wrong lands—and they’re patrolling all the trade routes. It’s just not worth my time!”
“So you’re not going to buy from me? Is that it? And you expect me to just take that? I have a living to make! You think we’ll keep doing business if you decide to run out on me when it’s a bit hot?”
Wailant leaned over the man. The [Trader] leaned back.
“I’m just trying to make a living! Mister Strongarm—”
“Strongheart.”
“—It’s no one’s fault but the nobility’s! When the trade war is over, I’d be delighted to buy your goods. But for now—”
“Hah! You won’t get Sage’s Grass from my farms! Not now, and not even if prices are tripled and you’re the only [Trader] in a thousand miles!”
Wailant shoved the man back hard. Disgusted, he turned and stomped away.
“Mister Strongheart!”
“I don’t deal with people who try to screw me over. I don’t remember your name, but I never forget a face. Got it? You lot! Finish unloading my stuff! I’m off!”
The [Farmer] stormed over to his wagon. The [Laborers] hauling his goods began to work twice as fast. One of them leapt off the wagon with four sacks, two on each shoulder. Lifting Skills. Wailant waited, back turned to the indecisive [Trader]. He pretended to be checking his horses.
“Now let’s see if that sniveling coward changes his mind.”
The [Farmer] muttered to himself. He was a fearsome fellow, Wailant Strongheart. Not to be trifled with. A former [Pirate], they said.
And ‘they’ were right. But for all his fearsome reputation, Wailant was usually on the right side of the law. He had black hair, green eyes, and stubble on his face—along with a circular scar on one side of his jaw. His shirt was linen, costly, and colorful.
His tattoos, as mentioned, varied between lewd and impressive. One of them, a fish, seemed to swim every time his muscled moved. Magical ink that didn’t fade over time kept them fresh. It was his history, but Wailant Strongheart’s cutlass seldom saw use. It was more of a prop most of the time, for negotiations with [Traders] and so on.
But it was his. And Wailant was a former [Pirate]. And so, when he saw the Hobgoblin creeping along the back of the plaza where he was trying to sell his goods, the [Farmer] didn’t hesitate.
“A damn Hobgoblin!”
He pointed and roared. Numbtongue, who’d been edging around a cart, froze. The other citizens of Celum looked around. They stared at Numbtongue.
Yup, Hobgoblin. Word had gotten around. It was that crazy innkeeper! And the Hob sometimes played in front of that shop, the one with the Stitch-Woman. Stitchworks. You could buy this miraculous powder that helped baked bread, did you hear?
They were leery of Numbtongue, but he’d been seen around the city. No one was stopping him as he made his way to the place where he remembered the Players of Celum were supposed to be. Numbtongue saw the [Farmer] running at him, though.
And it occurred to Numbtongue about the same time as everyone else that Wailant Strongheart might not have come to Celum often enough to pick up the latest gossip. Numbtongue froze. He reached for his sword—then the guitar—then just made a fist.
