7.07
Page 33
“The truth is, Miss Solstice—it’s just your inn. And you. I’m not sure you’re aware of this, but you have…reputation for trouble. I’ve studied up on Liscor. The monster attacks, the dungeon. Crelers. You have a habit for attracting trouble. Thus far, it hasn’t been to Celum’s detriment, but—Pallass.”
He spread his hands. Erin’s face fell.
“That wasn’t my fault. Chaldion said. He’s the Grand Strategist. You can ask him if you like.”
She pointed towards the door. Cetris paused, then he shook his head.
“Miss Solstice, I’m sure he could vouch for the Wyvern attack as coincidence. But you were in the Walled City when it was attacked, were you not?”
“…Yes.”
The [Mayor] nodded. He sighed.
“It’s not that I believe you have a…curse Skill. Or bad luck. But this morning I was informed there was a betting pool. There are individuals…even rich individuals…monarchs, among others, placing bets on whether Celum will be attacked in the next month. This year. And how many casualties will occur. I understand there’s a betting pool on Liscor as well.”
Erin’s jaw dropped. Lyonette and Montressa exclaimed.
“Bets?”
“Who?”
“How much?”
Octavia looked around. She raised her hands defensively.
“Just me? Okay. I thought everyone would like to know…”
The mayor of Celum looked at Erin. Not without sympathy. He steepled his hands.
“Miss Solstice, that was the crux of my decision. The rest of it I felt you should have the opportunity to explain. And you have. But for that aspect…can you assure me Celum would be safe with precautions?”
“I mean, if you put a gate on the door like Pallass—look, Liscor’s just next to a dungeon. It’s sort of dangerous.”
“And a gate would keep us safe?”
“Well, the door would have to be open. And there’d have to be something that could go through the gate. Which wouldn’t be—I mean, a Raskghar could probably do it. Or evil Calruz. Or Crelers. Or…”
Erin realized she was not making a case for herself. The [Mayor] stared at her, along with everyone else. Erin Solstice slowly stood up.
“So—so the door’s banned from Celum?”
“We’ll let Miss Cotton move if she can effect it within the day, of course. And we’ll consider all events dealt with without fine or offence. I think that’s the least we can do. The Hobgoblin will be allowed to return, so long as no one is injured or killed, Five Families forbid.”
Cetris Duiland nodded, shuffling his papers. Erin stared around. Most of the people on Celum’s side looked some measure of triumphant, although Trent was looking worried as he stared at Octavia.
Lyonette seemed to accept the measure, albeit with pursed lips. Octavia was scratching her braids.
“How can I move everything…? Well, I suppose. Hey, Lyonette. Is the uh, other shop you promised actually built or…?”
Montressa was shrugging. She whispered to Erin.
“We can always do another city, Erin. Do you need Celum?”
“No. But I like it here. Even with all the jerks.”
Erin muttered back. She saw Cetris turn his head. But the [Mayor] said nothing more. Erin looked at him.
“Fine. We have all of today, right?”
“Let us say by midnight?”
He nodded at her. That was more time than Erin had thought. She smiled a bit.
“Thanks. I’ll want to find some of my friends. And—I need to tell the Players of Celum to come through. Some’ll have to stay I guess, but Temile and most of the others can go with their families, probably. Selys might be able to house them in the new part of the city.”
“Huh?”
The Celumites turned as one. Ulia’s head snapped around.
“The—the Players of Celum?”
“Well, yeah. They’ll have to come since the door’ll be gone.”
