7.07
Page 35
“Yeah. I’d like that. We can try regulating the door. And like Lyonette said—the [Bakers] and so on in Liscor are going to be mad too. I’ll talk with Liscor’s Council, but if the door can stay open—let it, right?”
Mayor Cetris Duiland nodded and relaxed. He sat back in his chair.
“Excellent. Now, let’s just talk import and export taxes, and a small usage fee. This has been a method of somewhat illegal transport, after all. And the Runner’s Guild and Merchant’s Guild should inspect the situation in an equitable way for all…”
 
—-
 
Five minutes later, Erin strode back through Octavia’s shop. A babble of voices followed, and Relc looked up from where he was inspecting potions. He guiltily hid an opened bottle behind his back.
“Hey Erin, what’s—”
“We’re out of here! No, I’m not negotiating it! I’ll find a better city! Like—like Esthelm! Octavia, pack up! And Temile, tell the Players its decision time!”
Erin shouted at the [Producer] as the [Mayor] and a host of angry, desperate, concerned, people followed. Relc chuckled.
“Now this is what I come here for.”
He casually blocked the door to Octavia’s shop as Erin stomped through to her inn, followed by Lyonette and Montressa. The [Mayor] stared up at the huge Drake with the spear. He made one fist and cracked his knuckles as he squeezed.
“Hi. They call me Relc.”
 
—-
 
Erin felt sad, and relieved, and angry at the same time. She stared back into Octavia’s shop as Relc barred the door. The [Alchemist] was running about.
“I’m going to need help bringing all my stuff through! But I’m doing it! I’ll—uh—how am I going to move…?”
“I’m sorry, Temile. But there is space in Liscor. I imagine some of the [Actors] will stay, right? There’ll be work. They can keep the plays going. What will the entire group do, though? You don’t have to come through.”
Temile was gnawing on one lip. The man looked at Erin. And then he glanced at his hand. His missing thumb. But when he put a hand on Erin’s shoulder, he squeezed tight.
“We might not be the Players of Celum, but where would we be without the one who started us down this road? I’ll talk to everyone. There are some families—but there’s work in Liscor, right?”
“Yeah! Look—I’m going to get Selys. We’ll arrange it all before midnight.”
“Got it. I will be back!”
Temile ran off. Erin looked around. Montressa raised her eyebrows.
“Does this always happen in your inn?”
“More than you think. Drassi, get Selys. Is she in the inn? Liscor?”
“The garden! I’ll get her! Selys!”
Drassi opened the door and walked through. Lyonette sighed.
“I’ll clear out one of the private rooms for Octavia. It can be storage for now. Erin, you get to tell her that her shop isn’t actually built yet.”
She hurried off, calling for Ishkr. Erin sighed—and then she paused.
“…Where’s Numbtongue?”
She’d forgot again! Erin spun towards the door, but the Watch Captain hadn’t found him. Erin looked at Montressa.
“I have to find him. Montressa, tell Lyonette I’m going to search!”
“I’ll go with you. Those [Innkeepers] looked like trouble. You could use a barrier or two. Or just a [Mage].”
Montressa hefted her staff. Erin nodded. They headed for the open door.
“Excuse me! Erin! Erin!”
Palt trotted in front of them. The two stopped.
“Hey Palt, I’m sorry, but Numbtongue’s—”
“Found.”
The Centaur put one arm out, looking satisfied beyond belief. Erin stopped and did a double-take. There was no Hobgoblin behind Palt.
“By who?”
“Whom.”
Erin raised a fist. Palt backed up.
“Er, sorry. But he’s found! I got a [Message]. Believe it or not, one of my…acquaintances knows him. My faction.”
