7.07
Page 20
She walked backwards towards a wall. The door had vanished. Erin spread her arms. And the room watched. Erin smiled. She concentrated. Took a step backwards.
And the garden was there. The door swung closed as the others stared. Erin looked around the grassy hill. She turned.
“Kitchen.”
The door swung open. And Erin Solstice walked out of her kitchen. Seborn jumped as he leaned against the doorframe. He stared at her.
“It’s based off my magical door. Maybe—if I didn’t have the magic door, I’d never have gotten this Skill.”
Erin looked back at the garden’s door as it swung closed. She looked around the common room.
Grimalkin and Olesm were staring. They’d gone speechless for a moment. Erin looked at Mrsha. The little Gnoll looked delighted at the possibilities. But everyone else was speechless. And Erin realized she might have overplayed her hand. She’d shown them what Mrsha had seen. A glimpse of power. The [Innkeeper] hesitated. She spread her arms.
“Do you know what this means? I can go to the bathroom without having to walk downstairs.”
She smiled. No one laughed. They looked at her, and Erin let her arms hang loose. She sighed. And then she looked around.
“Lyonette? Mrsha? Those jerks are still boycotting us in Celum. I’m gonna go shout at them. Let’s go find Numbtongue. He’ll be safer here.”
She reached out. Mrsha ran over and grabbed Erin’s hand. The [Innkeeper] smiled as she held Mrsha’s paw. And the little Gnoll knew she’d be safe here. From the Raskghar, from Facestealer. From anyone.
It was a small, but blessed thing. As the guests of Erin’s inn marveled, or wondered, a little bee flew through an open doorway upstairs. Into a garden. And she was happy.
Because there were lots of flowers.
 
—-
 
This was what happened to Numbtongue. At the same time as Erin and Lyonette were searching for Mrsha, he’d gone to Octavia’s shop in Celum. His conclusion, founded off Pyrite’s intellect, had told him it was a likely place for Mrsha to be.
He was of course, wrong. And at that moment, the Watch had surrounded the [Alchemist]’s shop to confiscate the magical door. That was a separate matter, but the Hobgoblin did not, as a rule of thumb, like Humans with weapons.
So he’d fled. Octavia’s shop had a backdoor, because what self-respecting [Alchemist] didn’t have a second bolt-hole to flee an explosion—or a mob angry about said explosion? The Hobgoblin had raced out into the street ahead of Celum’s Watch surrounding the shop.
Humans had screamed or fled of course, but they’d heard of a Hobgoblin so he didn’t get too much of a stir after his initial appearance. The [Bard] had hurried away for a place to hide, or at least figure out what was going on before making a move—
And he’d run into the [Farmer].
 
—-
 
The [Farmer] was a bit of a thug. He had scars, a very lewd tattoo over one arm, and more on his chest and other spots. However, in deference to Celum and the sensibilities of others, he’d chosen a long-sleeved tunic as he drove his wares to market earlier this morning.
He had a rather nice wagon. Not a huge one; it didn’t need to be. A large bag of holding at his side was doing as much work as the wagon itself, but bags of holding had limits, so a lot of mundane produce was piled up in the back under a tarp. The two draft horses were carrying the wagon through Celum’s gates.
