7.07
Page 7
Frowning, Mrsha sat there and stared at the spot. The door was still gone. But perhaps it would come if she wanted it to? Mrsha paused.
Did she want it to? She backed up from the spot a bit nervously. She was going to get scolded. Maybe—maybe she should explore a bit more. So Lyonette wouldn’t be as angry when she came back. Oh! There were still more spots to see! She should explore this entire place so Lyonette and Erin would know what was what when Mrsha got out.
Mrsha ran off, relieved at this sensible Mrsha-logic. She raced past the pond, doing a circuit rather than climbing higher. She’d spotted a path leading higher, and a large hill running up against the dome’s side, but she wanted to explore the low ground first. Mrsha ran around the wall—
And entered into a sea of fog. One second, Mrsha was leaving the pond, the next—white enshrouded her. Instantly, the Gnoll fled backwards. Wet fog clung to her fur for a second. And then she was back.
The Gnoll stared ahead. At the base of the hill was a spot enshrouded in fog. Like—well, fog. Cloud, that rolled in when the air was thick with wet. But this was unnatural.
It was moving. Mrsha backed up as the fog slowly rolled around her. Her fur became wet with dew. Mrsha inhaled—yes, fog. It was wetting the grass and—Mrsha saw as the fog went past her this new spot was dense. Trees sprang up in profusion. Wild sycamores, tall fronds—
A jungle! Mrsha the [Explorer] needed something to hack at the plants with. She looked around and found a stick. Mrsha fought her way into the first layer of dense vegetation—
And immediately backed out when a burr-bush got her fur. There were dangerous plants here! True, this one was just little seeds, but a put-out Mrsha had to yank the sixteen or so burrs that had got her from a swift encounter. She glared at the jungle.
No thank you! Mrsha ran the other way.
Through the fog again. It was travelling around the entire place! Mrsha raced through it—went right into the pond.
She clambered out, glowering. Well now! She supposed the fog helped keep the place nice and growing. It went uphill, rather than go near the mushrooms. Because they didn’t need as much water? Mrsha went left, declining to run through the fog and hit something.
The other side of the hill had…dryness. Arid land. Mrsha sensed it was drier here almost immediately; the fog had definitely not done good work. And she stared at a tree blooming in the yellow grass.
Mrsha had never seen an acacia tree before. The tall, broad canopy was foreign to her. A tree, but different in ways of nuance. If a sycamore was one big base with branches all full of leaves, creating a…a…bushy effect, an acacia was more like a mushroom.
It let all its green near the top, creating a hat, an umbrella to create shade, to allow dew to gather in the mornings. Mrsha stared up at it, and then at the yellow, dry grass.
What a strange place! And this tree—Mrsha spotted browning…things hanging off the branches. She peered up at them. They looked a bit like bean pods, but far larger. Seeds? She nearly climbed the tree, but forewarned with the tropical zone, Mrsha spotted the tiny thorns on the tree.
So, this place had some mean plants. Mrsha backed up from the tree. It wasn’t overtly hostile; nothing in this area screamed ‘Bloodfields’ at Mrsha. Certainly, none of the plants were alive like the biting plants with mouths. Some just had thorns, or stupid seeds.
But it made Mrsha feel like this spot had moods. Dry, shaded, jungle, wet.
