7.07
Page 12
“You were worried? Oh, Mrsha. I wasn’t that mad. It was only a cake! Erin can make another! You were only naughty for trying to get some frosting! That was what it was, wasn’t it? You silly little—and this appeared?”
The [Princess] hugged Mrsha again. Abashed, Mrsha nodded. Relc glared at the door.
“I can’t get it open! Klb, help me out.”
The Antinium grabbed the door handle. He and Relc both pulled, but the door refused to open. They stared at Mrsha. She stared back. That hadn’t happened with her.
“It must not open unless you’re in trouble?”
Moore delicately pulled at the door as the two [Senior Guardsmen] stood back. He couldn’t budge it either. Palt was nodding.
“A secret door that only appears with certain conditions. Wistram has a few. Obnoxious. There’s one that only appears when both moons are full—you can get locked inside and that is how some students die—”
“It’s a magic safe room. Handy for this inn. Let me try to get in.”
Seborn appeared by the door. He was inspecting it with some of the [Mages]. Everyone else was looking at Erin.
She’d been quiet in the face of the sudden door. But not still. Erin was…vibrating. Now, it burst out of her. She threw up her hands, startling the heck out of everyone around her.
“The Room of Requirement! I’m Hogwarts!”
“What?”
Selys stared at Erin. Chaldion made a little note—he had a quill and ink out. Erin waved her hands, trying to explain.
“It’s awesome! I have a secret garden? How come I didn’t see it? Does it only appear when you want it? Or maybe if you’re in danger—”
“Mrsha clearly summoned it because she knew it was there. It must have appeared due to her stress. But it’s not opening. Maybe if Mrsha tries to open it again?”
Montressa’s postulation was correct. The others stood back as Mrsha walked up to the door. She stood on two legs and pulled it open. The door swung open as easily as anything.
“What? But I pulled on it!”
Relc was outraged. He ran for the door as Erin stared inside—
And the door closed. Relc slammed into the door. Mrsha, already inside, stared back in alarm. She pushed the door open and saw Relc recoiling and swearing.
“What the—”
Zevara instinctively reached for Mrsha through the open door. But as her claw tried to touch the Gnoll, the Gnoll vanished. Solid wood appeared.
“Mrsha!”
The door was still there. And as soon as Zevara snatched her claw back, the Gnoll reappeared, looking very alarmed. Lyonette rushed forwards. She had no problem opening the door and holding Mrsha.
“Aha. Definitely a trick.”
Palt nodded to himself. He stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] looked around.
“What, me?”
“It’s your door. I think no one gets in except the ones you allow.”
“Not even me, Erin.”
Selys, put out, was trying the door, but it wouldn’t budge. She looked at Erin. No one could open the door. Not Drassi, Ishkr, Krshia—the door swung open as Lyonette stared at them.
“What’s the matter?”
“No one can use Erin’s door but you two.”
Moore gave Erin a hurt look. The [Innkeeper] turned red.
“But I didn’t know it even existed! I didn’t block anyone—”
“Then it must be set to the people you really trust.”
Montressa looked at Mrsha and Lyonette. Erin paused.
“Oh. In that case—one second, Lyonette?”
She reached for the door and closed it in Lyonette’s face. Then, Erin turned.
“Bird? Open the door.”
Everyone turned. Bird, who had been watching with interest, trotted over. He put one hand on the door and swung it open. Very pleased, the Worker waved at Lyonette and Mrsha and then turned.
“Yay. I am family.”
Klbkch’s head swiveled. Erin smiled at Bird. Then she looked around.
