7.07
Page 1
“[Scry]. Krshia Silverfang.”
This time, something clearly happened. Chaldion’s eye continued to glow. Saliss turned and waved at the ceiling, from where Chaldion’s magical gaze was coming. Grimalkin looked up too. You could actually detect a [Scrying] spell if you knew where to look. Chaldion nodded.
“Perfectly clear.”
He turned and all three Drakes stared at the tall Gnoll woman, the [Shopkeeper] who was one of many people in the inn. Krshia was conferring with Elirr and some other Gnolls trying to pick up on Mrsha’s scent.
They’d all failed. And after two hours since Mrsha’s disappearance, the not-panic had involved more than just the inn’s guests. Relc had appeared, on-duty, as had Klbkch, two Councilmembers from Liscor—it could be said that even Zevara was taking an interest through her Senior Guardsmen.
And no one had found Mrsha. Now, the not-panic was becoming something more than a concern. But Chaldion was cool-headed. He looked at Grimalkin and Saliss.
“The name is not the issue. Wherever the child is, she either possesses a Skill or artifact that can defeat a [Scrying] spell—and scent—and turn her invisible to Antinium Workers and leave no trail—”
“Or something got her.”
The others nodded. Saliss paused as there was a sound from the doors. Everyone in the inn turned. A Centaur trotted in, breathing hard. He looked around.
“No news. Sorry. I ran all the way down to the road north. No one’s seen her.”
He was looking around for Lyonette or Erin, but the two were still out looking. Relc was at the Bloodfields, scouting around with Klbkch. They’d checked Pallass already; the guards had denied seeing a white Gnoll. Esthelm was being investigated by Erin herself. Liscor was looking out for Mrsha and Elirr had checked Krshia’s apartment.
And Celum…well, that was another thing. Chaldion paused.
“Put aside the child for now. Let’s focus on what happened. Just as I was attempting to speak with that young woman, this incident happened. As well—Celum has suddenly decided to refuse entry through their magical door.”
“Good summarizing. I ate eggs today for breakfast. With toast.”
Saliss murmured. Chaldion ignored him. He looked at Grimalkin.
“You’ve said that getting information out of Miss Solstice is difficult, Magus Grimalkin. I assumed it was because you didn’t press her. Now I’m beginning to understand.”
“In fairness, the events with Celum were a long time coming. And Mrsha’s disappearance could just be chance. I doubt Erin Solstice wanted either event. However—I have witnessed her deliberately causing this kind of incident. Did you know, half of her guests assumed Pallass was attacked because she was vacationing there? The rumor is that she has a Skill which attracts trouble—or luck, as the case may be.”
“Really? I’ve met [Gamblers] who can do that. You think if I tag along with her, she can do something really entertaining? Like, say, accidentally knocking down one of Pallass’ walls?”
Saliss’ eyes gleamed. Chaldion turned his head and glared.
“Sir Saliss, if you have nothing to add, please remove yourself from my presence.”
His voice was icy. And the Grand Strategist of Pallass was normally known for being even-tempered. Cunning, deliberate, ruthless—but seldom just angry or annoyed. Then again, Saliss was Saliss and they had a long history. Grimalkin folded his arms.
“Erin Solstice’s place of origin and history are part of her mystery. I personally suspect that she’s hiding something incredibly significant, but as I’ve said, this is only a supposition based on no proof but instinct.”
