7.08 K
Page 13
“If I beat you in a duel, how about it? I’m not going to swear myself to his service, father.”
Jecaina drew her foil and pointed it at her father’s chest. The [King] ignored the threat to his life and sighed.
“Jecaina—”
“He’s sworn to peace! And you said you met him! You never talk about him, but the other River Wardens say you and grandfather fought in his armies.”
“Twice! Jecaina, the answer’s no.”
“What will he do, imprison me?”
“It’s not you, it’s the politics of the matter.”
His daughter rolled her eyes. The [Fencer]-[Princess] shook her head.
“You’ve been in the vault, talking with Lyfelt with your statues again.”
“He’s my neighbor and a fellow ruler. I trust his counsel, Jecaina. Moreover, I wouldn’t put it past you to challenge one of the King of Destruction’s Seven to a duel.”
“Who, me?”
Jecaina innocently cooled herself with one of the magical fans that young people loved to wear. Raelt glared at his daughter.
“This is exactly what I’m talking about, Jecaina. You are a [Princess]! And aside from politics—you’re overestimating your skills. A silver bell does not mean you’re equivalent to one of the King’s Seven.”
The [Princess] opened her mouth and imitated Raelt lecturing until he glared at her.
“I know that! But I can’t train my class on most people in the kingdom! Just one trip, father. And then—I’ll go to Terandria and meet the Queen of Pop and learn from [Fencers] there.”
Her eyes glittered with eagerness. Raelt felt a father’s despair and worry over his daughter. And stubbornly ignored all thoughts that he’d been like her when he was young. Geril kept mentioning it, but the old man was growing senile.
This was King Raelt’s day. He was probably a good [King], although he just took it one day at a time and planned for the next days. But like everyone else, he was moved and influenced by the King of Destruction. Flos was always there, a reminder, even though his kingdom had been quiet since summer began.
Until the moment he wasn’t just a reminder.
Daughter and parent were arguing lightly when the door burst inwards. Both turned, and both had swords in hand. Geril raced into the room, panting.
“Your Majesty!”
“Geril?”
Jecaina lowered her sword in astonishment. Raelt had already sheathed his.
“What is it, Geril?”
The elderly man was clutching at his chest, and Raelt feared he’d had a heart attack. Raelt was already reaching for one of the personal potions he carried. But Geril strode over to his [King]. There was shouting coming from the corridors. Jecaina and Raelt stared at him as the man gasped to speak.
“It’s—there is word from the borders! He is on the move! Heading here!”
“Who?”
“The King of Destruction. He’s leading a vast army! And his [Steward] and Mars the Illusionist!”
King Raelt of Jecrass froze. And his daughter’s jaw dropped. Raelt looked at Geril, and felt normality die. He was always there, in the background. Until he strode onto your stage and took your breath away. For a moment, Raelt wavered. Then he rose.
“Summon the River Wardens. Find General Lael! And—send a [Message] to Belchan! To Nerrhavia!”
 
—-
 
“Is it war?”
The halls of Raelt’s palace ran with the question. King Raelt asked it himself, as he stood in the war room with General Lael and Geril. Jecaina hovered in the background. No one had sent her out, and she deserved to be here. Some of the River Wardens who hadn’t left yet were present as well. But Raelt only had attention for his manservant and [General].
“General Lael, is it war?”
“No, your Majesty.”
“You’re sure?”
Lael licked her lips.
