7.08 K
Page 18
“Impossible. They can’t be that tall. They can’t—”
They were not all of equal height. But the smallest stood nine feet tall. The largest? Raelt looked up at a figure…thirty feet tall. Maybe more. She carried an axe on her back, a weapon larger than he was. And she was only…half. Maybe even but a quarter of the legend.
She alone shook the earth. And she rose. Perhaps Reim’s army had used an illusion to hide her at first. Mars the Illusionist smiled as the laughing, singing woman walked on, behind the [King]. And her kin walked with her, with footsteps and song that shook the earth.
Half-Giants. They strode ahead of the infantry, singing like the hills themselves had voices. They carried long axes or weapons. Some marched with great staves, and magic shone in their eyes. They rose, shedding the illusion that had made them look like a normal army.
The kindred of giants. Some were…small. Nine feet, eight feet. Most were no taller than sixteen, or twenty. But in a few, the old blood of giants ran strong.
Giants. They had walked the world once. And they lived now. Raelt looked up at a laughing face. And she sang and the earth shook. Sang a song for the King of Destruction.
“The Nomads of the Sky.”
Jecrass’ vast army looked up. Horses stared at the folk who had been made of mountains. Or so the legends said. Once, Giants had walked Terandria and every continent, taller than castles. Now, their descendants roamed Chandrar. And their blood was faint, diminishing with each generation.
But it still roared. The Nomads of the Sky hoisted their weapons and shouted as the army of Reim approached. They spread out to the left and right of the King of Destruction, and the beasts of Jecrass tried to flee their laughter and music.
“Steady. Steady—”
More wings of the army were moving in concert. Behind the half-Giants, walking peacefully in unison were a few dozen…[Mages]. They walked with no staves, but parasols, each one colored art, twirling as they followed their [King]. As one, the [Mages] twirled their magical parasols, and Raelt saw them unfold.
Parasol Stroll. The [Mages] were followed by a laughing army of String Folk. Each one who rode or walked with vivid designs of serpents and the bright colors of poison etched on their armor and skin.
The Serpent Hunters. Raelt recognized the other company famed for its use of venom. He looked around. Jecrass’ army was silent. That pressure was—growing.
The King of Destruction was riding slowly. Straight towards Raelt. His half-Giants were still singing, but they abruptly fell silent. And a group of soldiers wearing dark armor marched forwards, flanking the [King]’s advance.
They were just a few hundred. But their blank faces and perfect movement was as unsettling as the Nomads of the Sky. Each one’s face was covered by a visor that let no one glimpse their faces. Their armor was dark, unnaturally so. And they seemed to be staring right at Raelt. Right at him. He felt like he could feel their gazes from behind their visors. An unending stare.
“The Rustängmarder. The army that doesn’t die or retreat.”
General Lael was staring at the elite [Soldiers]. Uneasily. Raelt nodded as well. He’d heard the rumors. And he had seen them fight. His skin crawled.
“Only a company of them. They won’t stop even if all their limbs are broken. You’d have to wear them down with arrows and magic, retreat, wait for them to die—”
Some of his River Wardens were staring at him. Raelt realized he was holding his sword’s hilt.
“We’re not here to do battle.”
