7.08 K
Page 1
That was what the String People of Chandrar were. Highly social, even bitterly so, reclusive about some secrets, but strong fighters, a people who had built themselves and were thus comparatively new to this world. They had many advantages in life, including their ability to repair even crippling damage, but they seldom left the deserts.
Like every species, String People had fought in wars of conquest and defense, but String People had seldom threatened the world for one simple reason: they burned. And if you damaged the magical string in their brains, they died like anyone else.
Now, the Empire of Sands. A growing power in the west of Chandrar, a nation ruled by String-People. It was already considered to be one of the great String Folk powers, behind Nerrhavia’s Fall, but new. Growing. The [Emperor] who ruled the nation, the Emperor of Sands, was a mysterious figure.
Male. Female. They had multiple heads. Most String Folk died if you cut off the head; the magical string needed energy, and without a body to sustain it, it died fast. And how could one being have multiple heads, anyways? Let alone…
The [Empress] stretched lazily. She wore a body of silk, so languorous and beautiful it would have driven a thousand [Poets] to composing odes to her beauty. But none were present; she sat in her throne, which was made entirely of sand, comfortable to some degree, yet hard as any stone.
She did have a motif. And the head of the [Empress] was beautiful.
Once, she had been called Emira Saet-rei of Doran, a small nation subsumed early by the Empire of Sands. She had led the defense of her nation well, Emira Saet-rei. But in exchange for the safety of her defeated folk, she had agreed to a deal by the then-[Emperor]. She had vanished.
And the [Empress of Sands] had worn a new face from then on.
You didn’t need to be a genius to figure out a trend, especially since the [Emperor] had nearly a dozen faces. All of them String-Folk, by the way. The young man whose head was conversing with himself had been a fearsome [Lieutenant]. Now he was an [Emperor] and united in purpose with his other heads.
But each head was a different personality, a different strength. The [Empress] smiled down at her younger self.
“War in Terandria? It matters not at all. Unless you care to think of advantage. Terandria has always meddled. The nations of the continent will be more focused in that war. Perhaps there is even room to alter events.”
“What do I care?”
The young man’s tone was brash, unrepentant. The [Empress] sighed at herself.
“I care because all news is worth knowing.”
The young man’s head looked up at his smiling face.
“Put me on. And I will know all that is worth knowing.”
“No. I am impetuous when I wear you. And this is not a time for impetuousness. When I must lead a battle, you may come out.”
The head on the armrest glowered.
“I should be worn. He is out there. What care have I of Terandria when the King of Destruction hounds my dreams? When his vassal incites rebellion and musters other nations against me?”
The [Empress of Sands] sighed. It was true. Takhatres of the King’s Seven was a growing name in her vast, growing empire. She had sent armies against him specialized in defeating Garuda. After two battles in which he had dealt as much damage as his tribe had received, he had retreated. Now, he was a moving force, striking weak targets and worse—rallying enemies of the Empire of Sands against her.
