7.08 K
Page 30
“How many? Raelt, his elites fought the Manticores, not his regular [Soldier].”
“They’ll level up from it.”
“They didn’t fight.”
The [King] liked his friend, the [Prime Minister], but sometimes he thought too much like a [Politician].
“Lyfelt, that’s not the point. Flos Reimarch is the King of Destruction. He could level an army just by breathing.”
There was a pause. Lyfelt’s expression of satisfaction changed slightly on the stone bust.
“That may be so, but it’s still to Belchan’s benefit. And there is his oath.”
“Yes.”
Raelt sighed. He massaged his temples, and then looked at Lyfelt.
“Forgive me. I’m just worried for the future. There is the oath, but Reimarch seemed to believe he would have cause for war soon enough.”
“You must tell me what he said. I offered to host him for a dinner, but he declined. He spent longer talking with you.”
The other ruler sounded envious. Raelt shook his head again.
“You’re too trusting. And—Lyfelt, you should really watch your borders better. More of his refugees are coming through Jecrass, and I have had to mobilize my River Wardens to protect them. From [Bandits], monsters, and simply folk that hate them.”
In the best of times, refugees were not well-loved. And the King of Destruction’s people were doubly targets of hatred, abandoning their countries to serve him. Raelt had worked hard to ensure they were protected in Jecrass.
Lyfelt had not. The [Prime Minister]’s voice was scornful.
“Raelt, you work too hard to do good for people who will give you nothing. I’ve allowed refugees through the border. But as far as I’m concerned, that is where my aid to Flos Reimarch ends. Don’t mistake me—I am grateful to them. They’re the subject of ire in Belchan. Much hated—I think I can easily win a reelection this year.”
“Treat them well, Lyfelt.”
Raelt warned the other [Prime Minister]. He disliked this part of Lyfelt, though he’d never said it. The man could play with lives like they were numbers.
Lyfelt paused.
“I’m not ordering anyone to attack them. In fact, the standing proclamation is that they’re free to travel. But if some of my districts take objection? Better a galvanized nation against Flos, than one which admires him.”
The King of Jecrass bit his tongue. He nodded slowly, unwilling to say more. Lyfelt admonished him gently.
“Raelt, you are a kindly [King]. But to succeed with monsters and demons on each side, you have to be willing to play sides. Flos Reimarch is a larger monster than most, but even he has rules.”
“I hope you’re right, Lyfelt. What is Reimarch doing next, do you know?”
A shrug.
“He won’t go north. Claiven Earth and Medain would declare war before letting him cross their borders. I think he’s headed south, next. To try Nerrhavia. He’s certainly marching his army hard.”
“Leveling, Lyfelt. He’s leveling them.”
“As you say.”
 
—-
 
The army of Reim, or at least, the army that marched with the King of Destruction was indeed a small one. But it was one Flos Reimarch himself had chosen to follow him for a number of reasons.
Firstly, it was small and consumed less supplies on the march. Fielding a huge army was still taxing on Reim’s supplies, although the spring plus the King of Destruction’s [Edict of Bloom] had begun to fill empty warehouses that had been long-abandoned since Reim’s decay.
Second, the army wasn’t that threatening to other nations. It was an army, but one small enough not to provoke a huge response or make other rulers paranoid. Teres sort of doubted Flos had managed that, but she conceded that they’d gotten to enter Belchan, even if Jecrass had been a bust.
