7.08 K
Page 31
And third—all of the [Soldiers] had been below Level 5 when Flos had formed the army. Today?
“Level 13? You’re sure?”
Teres looked at one of the [Soldiers] she’d gotten to know while on the march. She was a Garuda with pink feathers mixed with orange named Mefaa. She was in awe of Teres, but the two had a friendship of sorts—despite Teres being one of the King of Destruction’s personal servants.
The Garuda was nodding proudly, though. And Teres herself was impressed. Mefaa had been Level 2 when she’d begun the march. In less than two weeks, Flos had somehow made her Level 13—and she’d gained another two levels after the battle with the Manticores.
Despite never having taken part! It boggled Teres’ mind. She herself hadn’t fought either; Flos had forbade it. Manticores were above Teres’ level and despite the flexible leather armor she wore, she was considered at risk of serious injury or death.
Only Flos’ elites had fought, and the King of Destruction was well-pleased with the battle. Teres asked him about it after he came striding into camp, in a great mood.
“Why did Mefaa level? She didn’t even fight the Manticores?”
“Ah, but she was there Teres. She was moving in formation, readying herself if the Manticores broke past the Rustängmarder.”
“Which would never happen.”
Teres glanced at the serious, silent company of the elite army known as the Rustängmarder. They almost never removed their helmets and their armor covered their entire body. She had seen them practicing and she was convinced they could hold back anything.
Anything but the Nomads of the Sky. Some of them had joined Flos on his march and the giant-folk still awed Teres every time she saw them. One of them was ten meters high! Which was thirty feet, which was…
A giant. Teres stared at Zamea, the leader of the Nomad’s Sky, tallest of the half-Giants. Not even fully half-Giant apparently, but the one who has the strongest bloodlines. She was the one who was thirty-feet tall and she’d punched one Manticore in the battle; the rest had fled her.
“True, the Manticores would have never hit the army, but it’s the battle that counts, Teres. You’re not thinking about classes as they are. A [Soldier] is more than a [Fighter]. They are part of an army. Obeying orders, marching—that is what a [Soldier] is.”
“So that’s how they’re leveling? By just doing [Soldier] things?”
It didn’t quite seem fair. Apparently a good army had an average level of 10 among its normal [Soldiers]. Flos had just passed that in two weeks. He laughed as he cleaned blood off his sword.
“Teres, Teres. Regular conscripts are low-level by nature. Any army relies on a unit of veterans, say Level 20 on average, but the majority will be low-level. You supplement that with officers, elite forces. I’m just creating a slightly better army than most.”
“In two weeks?”
He spread his arms, smiling.
“Am I the King of Destruction or not? Teres, I have Skills that advance my subjects faster. I am also quite good at raising and leading armies.”
“True enough. So what now? You slew your Manticores.”
“Yes. I only wish there had been a thousand! Although they might have killed a fair number of our army since we’d have to fight them. Still—we have their hides. That Lyfelt fellow was agreeable. If not to my taste. Raelt was a far more intriguing sort.”
“I’ll take your word for it, since I didn’t meet either of them.”
Teres crossed her arms. Flos laughed again and examined his clean sword. He rose and ruffled Teres’ hair. She glared at him.
