7.08 K
Page 33
Of course, Teres could talk with Zamea, a half-Giant. And she would! Or Nawal, or the Rustängmarder, or any of the other really interesting vassals who’d arrived in Reim. She was going to—Zamea just scared her. A bit.
“A word, Reimarch? How about ‘yes’?”
Zamea laughed. She was truly a towering figure, but she and Flos had laughed at the idea she was close to a true Giant’s height. Teres had no idea how anyone could have fed them, let alone the Nomads of the Sky, but the half-Giants didn’t seem to need to eat as often as other people.
And they were different, oh yes. Bold as could be, but cautious around the ‘small folk’. The ones who were taller even looked different than a Human scaled up. Zamea’ skin looked tough. Craggy, would be Teres’ turn of phrase. You couldn’t even call it ‘rough’.
And yet, the half-Giant woman was good-spirited, kind—like a certain [Groundskeeper] from a certain magical story. Where she differed was that she laughed as she culled her flock. Not her Nomads of the Sky, but the actual flock of creatures, including very large sheep and so on that the Nomads owned.
Zamea was kind to the small folk. But she culled animals for the slaughter with a laugh. And the small folk were below her in more than just stature. The only people Zamea treated like her fellow half-Giants were Flos, Orthenon, Mars, and Gazi. And perhaps the Quarass, but Zamea hadn’t met her.
“A good word, Zamea! But I crave two things! Do you see a group approaching us? More of my people, from the east? Also, I heard tell they came from Jecrass. Was that the preferable route for you?”
Flos shouted up at Zamea as she cupped one ear. The half-Giant paused as she shaded her eyes. She had excellent eyesight.
“Ah, I see them. From the east. Yes, they are there. Several thousand! Six?”
“Six thousand?”
It wasn’t the largest number, but Teres was still impressed. These caravans kept rolling into Reim day by day! But for the [Edict of Bloom] and Reim’s recently filled coffers from the…selling of prisoners of war to [Slavers], they would have never fed them all.
Flos smiled.
“Six thousand is a good number. I will greet them, by all means. Jecrass over Belchan, Zamea?”
She shrugged.
“We walked with the Rustängmarder. No one gave us trouble. The Nomads walk where we will. But the small folk we decided to escort—they feared to go by way of Belchan. Other nations were not kind to them. And that unkindness was sometimes word or arrow.”
Flos’ brow was troubled.
“I see. Perhaps this is something I should speak to their [Prime Minister] about.”
“Let some of my people escort yours! Arrow or word means nothing to our skin.”
Zamea laughed. She slapped her chest and the crack and rush of air made Orthenon’s steed rear. He soothed it as Flos nodded.
“Then, Shepherd, would you care to walk with me? Or stay with the camp? We owe the Nomads a feast of Manticores!”
“Stay. But come back from your little folk to dine with us tonight, King of Destruction! Food tastes better with one like you to enjoy it.”
Zamea smiled and the [King] nodded to her. By this point Orthenon had two more horses for Teres and Flos. They mounted up—Teres was a natural rider by now.
“Let’s investigate, Orthenon. I feel cooped up, even after that battle. We can discuss the battle and magical artifacts later. But I do want to replace my shield.”
Flos urged his horse out of the camp and Teres and Orthenon rode after him. The [Steward] was, as ever, fixated on work.
“Your Majesty, will we be marching onwards to the [Bandits] which [Prime Minister] Lyfelt recommended to us?”
