7.08 K
Page 17
“Geril, is Jecaina still locked up in the palace? I wouldn’t put it past her to try and escape.”
“She’s there, your Majesty.”
“You’re sure?”
“I had her locked in the vaults. General Lael’s [Soldiers] are ensuring she doesn’t escape.”
The father almost smiled. His daughter would tear down his palace to know she’d missed this. But—he stared ahead.
“Only sixty thousand.”
Someone murmured. The air was hot, and it almost felt silly, such a vast army three times as large as the one coming towards them. But then—Raelt almost felt like the aggressor, coming to bear on the force that had become more than a distant shape.
The army of Reim did not spread out to fill the horizon. They marched in a long, winding column. And were made almost ridiculously small by the host of Jecrass by, say, anyone watching from a scrying spell. Which was probably half the world at this point.
Jecrass’ army began to cheer and blow its horns as the army of Reim approached. They set up such a din that Raelt’s own horse nearly unseated him as it reared. But the cacophony was impressive. Here, the army roared! Here is Jecrass!
And on came the King of Destruction’s army. A smaller force, on foot. Their armor did not shine with magic like in the legends they told. They were not an uncountable legion. Those watching, the River Wardens, the invisible watchers, even Jecaina from the vault where she was imprisoned, might have felt let down. A legend was just that.
Raelt waited. And as Jecrass’ triumph died down, hoarse voices subsiding, the silent march of Reim’s army began to take on a presence of its own. They were growing larger, now. And if you looked hard—
You could see him. A figure sitting at the front of his army, like a character from a story. An idiot, you might say, since he was without protection and you could easily shoot an arrow at him. But at his left rode a gaunt man as serious as the blade he carried.
Orthenon, the King’s Steward. And at his right, a beautiful woman, dressed in gleaming armor.
Mars the Illusionist.
Yet distant. Ordinary people. Even the distant [King] seemed too small. But what was he supposed to do, fill the horizon? He certainly had the ego for that, but the man himself was just a man. That was what the River Wardens murmured.
Yet onwards the army came. Now, there was silence. And Raelt began to feel something in the air. Something he, as a [King] identified, but the others didn’t realize was holding their voices down.
A presence. Pressure. An aura so vast it held down Jecrass’ army from cheering. Now came Reim’s army. And when they were close enough to fully behold, twenty minutes or so, there was sound.
“Is that…singing?”
Warden Winta started, staring ahead. The army of Reim seemed silent. But the rumble of so many footsteps had another layer of sound. Deep tones, like the largest of bells. Raelt watched.
Then, his eyes widened as figures distinguished themselves out of the mass of bodies. At first, you missed them from so far away. But the small Humans who marched in rank and file were not the singers.
It was them. Figures who towered over their smaller kin. Tall folk. Raelt heard a bass tone, female, as loud as the beating of his heart. He looked ahead. And the Humans realized some of the distant figures were much taller than the rest of the army.
They kept growing. Tall figures growing taller. Unbelievably high, as they covered the ground with long, slow strides. The fast-marching Humans could barely keep up with a single stride, even with a Skill hastening their steps. And onwards, they grew.
