7.08 K
Page 5
“The [Army of the King] is his most famous Skill. Believed to have been granted to the King of Destruction at Level 50. With it, he can transform any army into a force capable of wiping out one many levels above their own. In almost every major battle for the conquest of Chandrar, Flos Reimarch used it—once in a battle against an army five times his size. It is speculated that if he had landed on Izril as he had intended, he could have used it with his Seven to take the Walled City of Zeres.”
“Yes, your Majesty. But the King of Destruction has sworn an oath. Tiqr fell without his interference. Surely worrying about one Skill or—or strategizing is pointless? If he tries to invade any nation, all of Chandrar will fall on him.”
A breathy voice. Another River Warden. That was what the nobility of Jecrass were called, those who controlled, well, the rivers that made Jecrass so rich. Not in produce, but horses. Jecrass was known across the continent and perhaps the world as a place to buy good horses. They competed with nations in Terandria known for the same.
And the River Wardens would argue forever about the quality of their horse breeds versus Terandrian ones, but they couldn’t entertain the thought of the King of Destruction for more than ten minutes without gossiping. Raelt didn’t quite glare at Warden Winta.
“That may be so, Warden Winta. However, consider what might happen if the King of Destruction does break his oath. The armies of Chandrar fall upon him.”
“Yes, your Majesty?”
Another member of the court stared blankly up at Raelt. The [King] paused.
“What happens if he wins?”
The River Wardens fell silent. That was their problem, Raelt supposed. They were willing to gossip, to entertain petty rivalries. If another nation had threatened war, they’d shake their fists and some would be ready to fight to the death. But in the face of a true threat, the kind that would roll over Jecrass without a moment’s pause—they were terrified to even contemplate it.
“Surely, your Majesty jests. Nerrhavia borders Reim.”
“Indeed. And the [Army of the King] could destroy Nerrhavia’s armies in any one single battle. The flaw of his Skill is of course that the King of Destruction can only use it once every so often. But how often? No [Historian] agrees. The possibility exists that Jecrass may come to blows with the King of Destruction. If not invaded directly—as allies for when he forswears his oaths. Can we triumph over such a Skill, let alone his Seven?”
Raelt prodded his subjects. The River Wardens looked at each other, paling. The [King] smiled, politely and artificially.
“I have, of course, convened my trusted court to discuss the matter. It would not do to be unprepared.”
Dead silence. Raelt was waiting for one of his River Wardens to come up with a brilliant suggestion. They were, after all, peers of the realm, below only him in stature. The [King] regarded his subjects with great expectation—or at least, they assumed. Raelt was more trying not to fidget.
“The kingdom could increase its budget towards the army.”
One of the River Wardens muttered at last. He received instant looks of annoyance from his peers. They’d be funding that idea.
“An excellent suggestion, Warden Telimt. However, would that be enough? I would not wish to tax my River Wardens unduly.”
A few heads in the court brightened; the rest looked suspicious. That wasn’t the royal position…ever. But the [King] was smooth. He turned his head slightly, his posture unchanging.
