7.08 K
Page 24
He braced himself for an ugly rejection. Flos Reimarch was beginning to look a bit put out.
“What, not even a Pegasus? I promised I’d buy one if I could. One of my vassals is quite taken with the idea of riding one.”
“I regret that we don’t have any.”
Raelt lied smoothly. Orthenon stared at him. Flos glanced up and shrugged.
“Nightmares? Or Nightstallions, I’m not picky. Galadrin-breeds? I’d pay double for one of the legendary lightning dune stallions. Even a bicorn!”
He was…pushing a bit. With his aura. Raelt pushed back, stubbornly. He thought quickly, and replied as he lifted his goblet.
“We have zorses. And I could arrange a kelpie for you, if you wished it, Flos.”
The King of Destruction’s eyes bulged as he took a drink. Then he nearly choked on his wine laughing. The River Wardens and others gathered in the pavilion looked over as Mars and Flos nearly fell over with hilarity. Even Orthenon had to smile.
Raelt breathed a sigh of relief.
A word on horses. Jecrass, as a famous horse-breeding nation, had rare magical breeds of horses as well as normal ones. Nightmares, the evil, inbred cousins of unicorns were notoriously dangerous. They left flaming hoof prints, and their hair was fire. They were also intelligent and ferocious in combat.
Galadrins were a breed of horses with magic in them, like how cows or even rabbits had evolved over thousands of years to use magic. They were known as dune-riders, horses who ran and collected lightning they could discharge in various ways.
Bicorns were horses with horns, like a bull. And they were generally as sturdy as bulls. Raelt didn’t like horses, but he had to know these things.
The joke that had gotten Flos laughing was that Raelt had offered him a ‘zorse’, or a horse crossbred with a zebra, whose only power was to be confusing. And a kelpie was a magical horse, but one that was aquatic. They would die quickly without a steady supply of water, and Jecrass had three of the damned things.
“Well played! Well played! Ah, I see this won’t be too fruitful, will it?”
Flos caught himself after a little bit. He looked at King Raelt, and the other [King] had to shake his head slightly.
“I regret to say all eyes are on Jecrass, your Majesty. And expedience…”
Flos sighed. But he nodded, and Raelt excused himself on the pretext of relieving himself to stand up. He was relieved Flos hadn’t pushed harder. But friendly or not, Raelt was going to be in trouble if he sold Flos a mount that the King of Destruction rode about while conquering nations.
“Geril, make sure all our rarer breeds of horses are pulled from the border. Especially the magical ones.”
The [King] whispered to his retainer. The man hurried off. Raelt lingered by an out-tent set up for privations since both armies were staring at the pavilion. While he was gone, Flos Reimarch looked at his servants.
“A shame Teres couldn’t be here. Or Trey.”
“Their presence would be noted, your Majesty.”
Orthenon looked pointedly back towards his army. Teres was amid the [Soldiers] somewhere. Flos nodded.
“And Trey is busy. Did Gazi say when they were expected to return?”
“No, sire. But I imagine their journey is nearing its conclusion given the speed of the magic carpet you loaned her.”
Flos nodded. Then he stared at where Raelt had been. The River Wardens were beneath his concern. But Raelt himself had sparked an interest.
“Mars, what do you think of this [King]? I did know him vaguely as a boy, but I have not visited him since. The man is new to me.”
“He walks like a [Fencer], your Majesty.”
Mars looked up from a bowl of nali-sticks. Flos nodded slowly.
