7.08 K
Page 22
Flos’ face fell. That was one thing Raelt remembered correctly. He didn’t play games with polite emotions. It made him easy to talk to. Unfortunately.
“Alas. Love is crueler than poison. Then you must have been…barely twenty?”
“That’s right. I was in Terandria when I received word. It was—an unpleasant ascension to the throne.”
Raelt found himself talking with Flos about his first few years. The King of Destruction nodded soberly.
“Ah! Jumped up nobility! That’s one thing I managed to solve after a few wars. I had a rebellion—I never quite reinstated my nobility. I just promoted my vassals. Like Venith Crusland.”
He looked at the River Wardens and shook his head. The nobility hadn’t heard Flos’ words, but they bowed hurriedly. Raelt smiled for their benefit and raised his cup. He heard them toasting him loudly, professing their loyalty.
“My pack of vultures is here to stay, King Flos.”
The King of Destruction laughed as Mars offered him a cut of meat. He ate—Raelt realized he had missed lunch. It was too cordial, sitting with the [King], talking about their woes. As if they were equals or this was a social call! He had to get to the point—
“Trade? Orthenon handles that. Do you have a fellow for it?”
“I’m afraid I have no [Minister], but I speak with the [Prime Minister] of Belchan. Lyfelt. He has given me some advice.”
“Lyfelt. Lyfelt…I don’t believe I know the name. And I don’t forget names or faces easily.”
“The Republic of Belchan is a democracy, your Majesty. Prime Minister Lyfelt has held the position less than a decade.”
Orthenon spoke up for the first time in the conversation. Flos turned to him, smiling and nodding.
“Ah, that would explain it. Republic? I thought it was a Magocracy.”
“They switched after the war ended.”
The [Steward] nodded towards Raelt. Flos raised his brows.
“Really? Well, much luck to their experiments. I’ve actually had this democracy idea talked up to me quite a lot, Raelt. But I think it doesn’t work with classes. A [King] must be strong!”
“Or [Queen].”
Mars interrupted her ruler. Flos nodded towards her.
“Or [Queen]. I admit, after seeing Calliope of Hellios, I’ll concede that a poor ruler is worst of all. Orthenon, any advice for King Raelt regarding trade?”
“I would not think to lecture a sovereign ruler of a nation, your Majesty. Jecrass has done exceedingly well competing in its breeds of horses with Terandrian influence. I could not think to do better myself, save for perhaps tapping into markets Terandria has suffered in. Izril’s trade routes have suffered from the Antinium Wars, and their history with Terandria is exploitable, but I am hardly an expert, and King Raelt’s acumen has enriched his nation.”
Orthenon bowed towards Raelt. The ruler of Jecrass inclined his head, although he couldn’t help but feel pleased by the legendary [Steward]’s comments. Well, he was being polite. Izril? Well, why not? He could look into it—
Then Raelt looked up at Flos’ smiling expression and felt a chill. Raelt glanced over Flos’ shoulder at his army to remind himself. This was not a friend.
“Orthenon is vital to me, Raelt. I am poor at everything but war, you see! But war I do well. And horseflesh is the reason I am here—but permit me my curiosity, please? Do you have a daughter? Orthenon mentioned as much.”
“I do. Jecaina. She is just past her second decade.”
“Oh? Will she be joining us?”
“I fear not. She is rather unruly, and I would hate to see her challenge Mars to a duel.”
