7.08 K
Page 14
“Absolutely. The King of Destruction is flying the banner of truce. And he’s sent ahead messengers, a City Runner—he’s come to parley.”
Raelt exhaled. He looked around, some of the tightness in his chest easing.
“With an army.”
“Yes, sire. But I have this missive—and he is flying the banner—”
“Is the army deployed?”
River Warden Winta squeaked. Her face was dead-white. General Lael nodded.
“I’m placing them at the border, but holding back several miles. We do not wish to cause an incident—”
“Pull them back further.”
“Your Majesty!”
Raelt ignored the River Wardens. He looked at Lael.
“He has his [Steward] and Mars the Illusionist?”
“Yes, sire. But he is flying a banner. He wishes to parley with you. The missive—”
Geril offered it to Raelt. The [King] read it. He looked at General Lael. It was useless to ask her again. Raelt tried to think.
“So, he’s coming here. I’ll have to meet him.”
“Your Majesty?”
Everyone stared at Raelt. The [King] gritted his teeth.
“It’s just like him. Inform my River Wardens. We will ride to the border with a small escort.”
“But if it’s a trap—”
“Flos Reimarch doesn’t set traps. He’s coming to parley. Literally, to parley. Geril, send riders ahead to announce my arrival. How soon until he reaches the border?”
“He is using a Skill and marching his army fast. He should be there within six hours—”
“Very well. My River Wardens, you may bring a small escort, but no more than…twenty a person.”
“But sire, if it is a trap—”
“Then he is forsworn! But he won’t set a trap. That’s not Flos!”
Raelt snapped. The unexpected heat made River Warden Dulfe pause. There was a pause, then an excited voice.
“I’ll go too!”
Jecaina was adjusting her belt, eyes shining with excitement. Raelt looked at her, and then at Lael.
“General Lael, confine my daughter to the palace under guard.”
“Father!”
“You will not meet the King of Destruction. We will see him at the border, entertain his delegation, and send him away. He has no cause to attack, and whatever he wishes, Jecrass will refuse him.”
The [King] spoke firmly. The River Wardens were nodding. Jecaina was outraged.
“He is at our border! As crown princess—”
“You should be safe. In case I should fall. General Lael. Geril, come with me.”
The [King] felt bad, and knew he’d never hear the end of it, but Jecaina’s protests fell behind him as he strode through his palace. It was like someone had kicked over a beehive. River Wardens were racing back to the throne room, terrified, and more messengers were coming in second by second.
But Raelt was a [King], even if he wasn’t the most powerful one in the region. His attendants, led by Geril, closed ranks. Raelt was riding out of his palace towards the border within twenty minutes, and everyone had to catch up.
Half of the palace’s garrison was riding with Raelt, and General Lael herself. [Riders] were racing across Jecrass’ flatlands, calling for the army to muster. And still—Raelt rode, listening as messengers raced for him.
In truth, he didn’t need to do much. His role was to ride, and his people handled mundane tasks. That was—until the [Messages] started coming in, and City Runners started racing towards him.
“Your Majesty, the Empress of Sands is requesting an audience!”
“What?”
Raelt spun on his saddle. Geril himself rode forwards, pale-faced. Raelt stared at the proffered speaking stone. Then he heard a babble of voices.
“Prime Minister Lyfelt is speaking, your Majesty. He requests a moment of your time at utmost urgency!”
“Medain’s High King—”
“Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen—”
“Two Archmages—”
“Enough!”
