7.08 K
Page 15
Raelt stared at the first speaking stone. Then he took it.
“I am King Raelt of Jecrass, ruler of the Realm of Jecrass, Guardian of the Rivers and First Rider of the Fields. To whom am I speaking?”
A female voice answered him, soft, but piercing. Sound fell away as Raelt listened.
“King Raelt, I am Empress of Sands, ruler of my empire. I greet you and Jecrass. I have received word of the King of Destruction’s army. May we speak?”
She gave no list of titles, nor her name. The hairs on Raelt’s neck rose. He’d heard of her.
“Empress of Sands. I greet you and your empire. To what do I owe the honor?”
“The King of Destruction. I offer you the full support of my empire should he threaten your borders. As for his intent? Let us speak briefly, your Majesty. I would not wish to take from your pressing situation.”
Briefly, they spoke. Raelt felt sweat beading his forehead as he listened, replied briefly. He closed with a simple, hurried farewell.
“May the rivers never run dry, Empress of Sands. I am—grateful for your assurances and I shall bear them in mind. Until next we speak.”
He looked at Geril as the conversation ended.
“How many are waiting for…?”
The [Head Servant] held up two hands. Raelt stared.
 
—-
 
Two hours later, Raelt finished with half of the people waiting to talk to him. He’d gotten through a number of conversations, some long, but the list of people waiting to converse with him at once had multiplied. Still, Raelt’s initial worry—a [King] did not panic—had subsided once he figured out what they wanted.
Almost all the conversations went the same way. Raelt impatiently spoke into the scrying orb.
“You have my word, Queen Yisame. I have no idea what has prompted King Reimarch, but Jecrass has taken no action towards Reim thus far.”
The beautiful [Queen] pursed her lips, perhaps at his brusque tone. Raelt tried to reconfigure his expression and tone, but this was the eighth such conversation he’d had.
“If the King of Destruction is unwise, Nerrhavia Fallen will of course take suitable action, your Majesty.”
“Thank you, your Majesty. I shall bear it in mind. I see my [General] calling me. May the rivers never run dry.”
Raelt pretended Geril had cut the transmission as Yisame replied. Diplomacy was not Raelt’s forte, and half of these rulers he’d met but once, or never. He’d spoken to two Archmages an hour ago! Dead gods!
“Who’s next, Geril? No—unless they’re as important as Yisame, tell them I’m busy.”
Geril was fumbling with the magical speaking stones. A Courier had raced towards Raelt to deliver one personally!
“Well, that would leave—four, your Majesty.”
“Give one to me, then.”
The [King]’s head ached. He collected himself, put a smile on his face as he took the next scrying orb which was being set to someone else. Raelt stared into the blank magic glass as he waited.
The conversations were the same. The [Empress] had unnerved Raelt at first, but she hadn’t been that different from the rest.
What all these important rulers and leaders wanted was to do three things: firstly, ask what the hell the King of Destruction was doing marching towards Jecrass. Then, assure Raelt that he would not lack for support in rebuffing the King of Destruction. Finally, making sure that was what Raelt intended, instead of giving Flos any kind of aid.
They said it directly, indirectly, with flattery or veiled threats in Yisame’s case. But their individual skill at diplomacy aside, Raelt had heard the same refrain repeated so many times the other rulers were rather stepping on each other’s toes.
