7.08 K
Page 4
The [Empress of Sands] was not the only one to make plans. But her sanguine discussions were different. She had power and space and time on her side. Other rulers had none of the above.
“The [Army of the King]. In regards to defeating the King of Destruction, that seems to be the common issue, along with his Seven.”
A man spoke heavily from his throne. His crown lay wearily upon his brow. No one answered him. He could hear whispers from the back of his court.
“Did you see the battle with the Wyverns at Pallass? A good show, that.”
“I missed it. I don’t keep a scrying orb at home. You must tell me about it. Wyverns? I don’t believe I know them.”
The [King] was fit. In mind and body. His hair was dark, brown—hardly like the fiery reds that Terandrians claimed was a sign of royal blood. But he had a trace of royalty in his appearance. His mother had passed down some traits via her Skills, and her son had been born without physical flaw.
Indeed, he was tall, handsome, even. The court below him had not had the benefit of bloodline-based Skills. But they were rich, so while some were portly, others could buy tonics or potions to achieve their desired form, despite being fleshy Humans. Or at the very least, illusion spells.
An exceedingly handsome man in his mid-thirties spoke up now. He was under an illusion spell. The [King] could see right through the magic at the more plain fellow beneath. He really didn’t need the illusion, that was the sad thing. He wasn’t that fat or ugly; it was just that he seemed to regard age as just as great a flaw.
“Your Majesty, surely it isn’t a topic worth worrying about? The King of Destruction has pledged peace. So long as no one offers him a cause for war, he is, in effect, helpless.”
There were murmurs of support from the court. The [King] didn’t shake his head. That was too dramatic a movement for such an intimate setting. Rather, he frowned slightly. Just a crease of the brow.
“Reim has Hellios and Germina. Surely you do not suggest the King of Destruction should be ignored, Warden Dulfe? With his Skill alone, he could sweep the Realm of Jecrass apart.”
The whispering went on.
“Huge, scaly beasts. These ones breathed ice of all things! Nearly took the city. Oh, and there was an Antinium.”
“Really? In Pallass? And ice? I wouldn’t mind such a monster to cool my drinks!”
“I actually have a recording of the battle. Wistram is selling these—these trinkets that play the entire thing on demand. They cost blood and water, but—”
“Ahem.”
A man standing next to the throne cleared his throat meaningfully. Geril, an old and faithful retainer to the [King], glanced over the court. The chattering ceased.
And the [King] sighed again. But through his nose. He sat with his back straight, his posture perfect. That was no difficult feat. The difficult feat was organizing his court to any semblance of serious discussion.
His name was Raelt. King Raelt of Jecrass, sworn protector of the Realms of Jecrass, guardian of horses, and all that. He occupied one of the nations bordering what was now the King of Destruction’s territory.
And he was not a happy man. Raelt went on, doggedly.
