7.08 K
Page 25
“Hm. So he does. I forgot if he was ever good in war or not—Jecrass seldom fought in my personal army. I do recall that he visited Terandria before his father died. A [Prince]’s outings before he takes on more duties, you know. He came to his crown early.”
“Not as early as you, sire. He’s got the walk, but I hear his daughter owns a silver bell.”
Mars grinned, watching Raelt speaking to his people. Flos looked at her.
“Really? And she’s…?”
“Twenty two, I think?”
“At that age? Not bad. Budding talent, it seems.”
Raelt returned. The [King] was more at-ease. As far as he could tell, the negotiations were over. Flos Reimarch could have pushed, but there was a limit to what he could threaten, if the man had been that sort. There were just pleasantries left.
“Let us have a small lunch. I’ve been taken with some foreign foods, Raelt. If you would care to join me?”
There was no help for it, but Raelt did find the unusual foods he was being offered quite good. Flos pointed at one dish.
“A tortellini-thing. I was never a fan of…Izrilian cooking? I think that’s the closest approximation. Or Terandrian. But it’s quite good, for all it wastes water.”
Raelt murmured his agreement. The noodles were stuffed with meat and it was filling, rather than delicate. It was good fare for something an army was bringing on the move. Rough for a [King], but Flos Reimarch had spent most of his life on campaign.
“So, your army will go elsewhere next?”
“Since I have been rebuffed, I have no choice. If I can’t buy a horse or hunt monsters…on to Belchan, I suppose.”
The other [King] didn’t seem put out by the idea. Raelt paused. Some of his River Wardens looked like they’d love to ask Flos a question just for the daring of it, but Orthenon was casually holding down the table with a glare.
“Is it your intention to conquer Chandrar, King Flos Reimarch? Or was your speech just that?”
The question slipped out by accident. The table froze. Mars and Orthenon fixed on Raelt. So did Flos. His brows creased and then—he smiled.
“I meant every word I said.”
“But—er—your Majesty Reimarch, your oath…”
One of the River Wardens spoke up, half-choked. Flos looked at him and the man paled.
“Well, I stand by my oath. But I have no doubt Reim will be attacked. And if it is not, well, I have one enemy I have sworn eternal war against. The Empire of Sands. If I must cross Zeikhal to do it, I will behead the [Emperor of Sands].”
The table fell silent. Flos was smiling, but he had a glitter in his eyes that forbade silly questions. After a moment, the King of Destruction relaxed.
“And of course, I mean to conquer all of Chandrar! Jecrass has nothing to fear from me of course; I consider King Raelt a friend, and I owe him some gratitude. But I intend all of Chandrar to be mine, so there it is! Quite a conundrum considering my oath, wouldn’t you say?”
Relieved laughter ran up and down the table. Nervous too; they couldn’t quite tell if that was a joke. Raelt knew it was not. He looked at Flos, and then toasted the [King].
“It seems you were born in the wrong era, Flos. One far too small for a legend like yours.”
It was supposed to be an offhand remark, a joke and a bit of needling to break the tension again. But across the table—Flos’ vassals fell silent. The [Mage]-leader of Parasol Stroll, Ulyse, Orthenon, Mars—even Flos himself looked sharply at Raelt.
The table went still. Raelt’s smile stopped on his face. What had he said? Flos regarded the younger [King] and shook his head after a moment.
