7.08 K
Page 11
‘War’s like horses…’
Some of it had been good, sensible advice. But Raelt wished he’d sat his father down as a young man and said—
“Look, father. Can you just give me a list of things to do and not to do? How do I handle trade negotiations with Belchan? What’s a good tariff to put on Terandrian goods? How do you discipline the River Wardens without them making a huge stink and trying to withhold taxes?”
Raelt muttered at the ceiling. He could almost imagine his father’s response. Raelt wished his face were clearer, but he had to look at a picture these days to capture everything. Time…
‘The River Wardens are like horses, Raelt. All of ‘em bastards who need a bit, a bridle, and a carrot to go with the sticks up their asses.’
The [King] smiled and laughed as he lifted his sword and did a careful lunge, to avoid hitting one wall. The problem with analogies was this: a kingdom was like a horse, until it wasn’t. Because it was a damned kingdom. Still, Raelt managed as best he could.
His father had been a good ruler. A good [King], and a good man. Raelt knew that because he’d investigated after he’d gotten to know his new position. It was a terrible thing, to ask. But every nation had secret records. Another thing that no one told you.
But he had been a good sort, the late Meriden. He hadn’t done terrible things. Just made normal, mundane faults. Raelt had discovered his three illegitimate siblings, arranged to meet them without their knowing, and ensured they’d live comfortably without ever knowing their relations to the crown. His half-sister was bad enough. She had only one good thing in this world. And, true to her nature, she’d left it behind.
Ding. Raelt paused with sword in hand as someone thrust open the doors to his chambers. Not his bedroom; he had a royal suite.
Few people could do that. Raelt had guards on the doors who announced almost everyone, a magical key, and his rooms were warded against [Assassins] and so on. General Lael, Geril, and a handful of others could just walk in. Like Jecaina, [Princess] of Jecrass.
Raelt knew his daughter was approaching by the chiming of her bell. And as she strode into his private study, Raelt walked out to meet her.
Jecaina had hazel-green hair, because she took after her mother, Raelt’s half-sister. Green hair was fairly abnormal, but not too much. Jecaina, like her father, was tall. And she was just as quick and limber. She wore a tunic and leggings, to move about freely in. And at her waist sat an enchanted foil, a [Fencer]’s weapon, and a silver bell, attached to the handle.
She never went anywhere without the bell. It was a mark of skill, which meant her skill as a [Fencer] was recognized the world over. Jecaina wore it proudly.
Raelt, as it had been established, hated horses almost as much as his River Wardens and oranges. He also hated bells.
“Father? Oh good, you’re done with your court.”
Jecaina greeted her father brusquely. She had something in her hand and Raelt’s honed father-senses told him immediately she wanted something. Jecaina was in her wild years; Raelt could empathize. As a [Princess], she was doing what most [Princes] did in their youths—travel about, explore the world, before they had to become [Kings].
