7.08 K
Page 23
Flos nearly fell out of his couch laughing. Mars laughed too, spilling wine all over herself. Orthenon glared at her, but the [Vanguard] didn’t notice.
“You should have brought her! That would be a sight! Ah—then, would I be meeting a Queen Leysars?”
“…No.”
“Ah. Dead?”
Again, the King of Reim grew grave in a moment, as if it was personal to him to hear of a loss of someone he’d never met. Raelt found himself rushing to explain.
“No, Jecaina is adopted. My half-sister…”
“I see, I see. No wonder. Well, I should love to meet your daughter. If time permits. Which I suppose brings me to a question—would you entertain my presence within Jecrass, King Raelt?”
The question threw Raelt completely off-guard. He nearly spilled his drink and had to set the half-empty wine cup down. Half-empty? He grabbed his water. He shouldn’t be drinking!
“Entertain your presence? How do you mean, King Flos?”
“I’d simply like to cross your borders.”
Flos came out with it as he casually chewed on a piece of unleavened bread and soft cheese. Raelt stared at him.
“And your destination would be…?”
“Hm. Medain? I’d like to challenge one of the famous dungeons. Although I fear that might be tricky with the self-styled ‘Adventurer King’. I never did take to him. However, if you have any issues cropping up in Jecrass, I’d be happy to solve them.”
Raelt couldn’t resist a grimace of his own. But he stared at Flos.
“Solve…?”
“Yes! [Bandits]. Monsters. Dungeons would be preferable. Just point me in the right direction. I’d happily crush any large group of [Bandits]. I hear Belchan has a Manticore infestation, so I plan to drop by there as well. Assuming I am welcome within your borders?”
The King of Destruction looked at Raelt. The other [King] leaned back. He put a few pieces together quickly.
“…I’m afraid that would be an unfortunate decision for Jecrass at the moment.”
Flos sighed. He was eating a grape and he spat a seed past the carpet onto the sand.
“I feared you might say as much. But the offer is in good faith, Raelt. I would swear in blood that I meant to offer you no offense or danger. Consider it—my army is small, but you’ve seen some of my elite vassals. Orthenon alone could crush a [Bandit Lord]. Any bandits? A few Gold-rank monsters, perhaps? Some…evil and ancient entity?”
He gave Raelt a hopeful look. Instantly, Raelt had to suppress a litany of woes. Trolls hiding by the river, a group of speedy thieves who stole horses, those damn Manticores that Lyfelt couldn’t get rid of—
It was a handsome offer. The King of Destruction, playing a [Mercenary]? But this was exactly what the other rulers had worried about, no doubt. Raelt had to shake his head. Flos sighed.
“May we cross Jecrass’ borders?”
“Again, that would not be in Jecrass’ interests. I must apologize sincerely, King Reimarch…”
“Oh, don’t. I’m well aware of how Reim stands. The offense is mine for asking.”
The [King] sighed, his red-gold hair waving in a slight breeze. He paused for a moment.
“Well then, it may be a stretch, but would you permit me to buy any worthy horses?”
“Horses?”
Raelt paused, gulping down more wine by accident. Flos nodded.
“Magical breeds. You may have noticed my personal stallion is hardly the best Chandrar has to offer.”
The Ruler of Jecrass had noticed that. Flos had a perfectly good stallion, fine lines from what Raelt had seen, but hardly a quality breed. Let alone…magic. Raelt frowned, though. Even this put him in a difficult spot.
“I’m afraid that would be unwise for Jecrass at the moment, King Reimarch.”
