7.08 K
Page 12
Raelt had gone to Terandria before his youth had been cut short. Jecaina wanted to go to Terandria, but Raelt wasn’t sure he trusted her judgment yet. She’d nearly worn him down before the King of Destruction had awoken, and then she’d kept begging to ride to Reim and meet him herself. She had somehow fallen in love with the idea of the King of Destruction, the legend of Chandrar. Just another reason to resent the man.
But today, Jecaina was more intent on something in her hand. She thrust it at Raelt’s face.
“Father, you must listen to this. Mellia just brought it to me.”
“What is it? And hello, Jecaina.”
“Hello, father. It’s a recording crystal! It holds sound! Look! It’s by the Queen of Pop!”
Raelt went over to a plush armchair and sat down in it. He waved at the fireplace and magical fires sprang to life. Jecaina stood in front of him, expectantly, her eyes glittering with excitement. Raelt sighed.
“Is she an actual [Queen], Jecaina?”
“She might as well be. She’s the greatest [Singer] to ever have been born in ten thousand years! She has tons of albums, and everyone’s talking about her! Listen! Wait—I think you play it—”
Jecaina began to fumble with the magical artifact. Raelt watched her. She definitely wanted him to pay for more. He sighed.
“What’s an ‘album’? Jecaina, it has been a long day and—”
Music began to play from the crystal. Raelt jumped as a female voice began to sing. But not just a female voice. Raelt had heard musical instruments, but the concept of a bass or guitar was new.
As was the style of the song. The [Singer] had an accompaniment, and a beat. And—Raelt stared at Jecaina as she smiled.
It was of course, pop. A song from another world. But Raelt didn’t know that. He only knew that was a foreign song. Jecaina began dancing a bit. Raelt stared at her. His own foot began to tap to the beat, but he caught himself.
“Well?”
When the first song ended, Jecaina insisted on playing another one. Raelt liked the first song, but the second one got on his nerves. His daughter seemed to enjoy it, though.
“It’s quite original. Is this some new musical trend? Where’s it from?”
“Terandria! There’s a famous [Singer] there! And she has these—these recordings! Albums, they’re called! This is only a three-song recording. But she has tons of them!”
“Well, I’m sure a [Bard] will begin playing them soon enough.”
Raelt temporized, knowing where this was going. Jecaina scoffed.
“You can’t copy her music! Did you hear the drums? And the other things? She’s got new instruments, they say!”
The [King] had to admit he couldn’t see a [Bard] or even a performing troupe imitating the strange style he’d heard. He sighed.
“The Realm’s finances are stretched, Jecaina…you have an allowance.”
“I know that!”
His daughter sounded hurt, but Raelt didn’t miss the flicker in the crown princess’ gaze. She paused, clearly rethinking.
“You could…invite her to Jecrass. People would pay to see her! And she’s only in Terandria, for now. She might listen to a [King], if you requested it.”
“Might?”
Raelt looked at his daughter. She shrugged.
“She’s famous. She’s played for royalty! She’s all the rage in Terandria.”
“Well, I suppose I could write a letter. Then again, if you wanted to travel…it’s a bit tricky in Terandria I hear, with Ailendamus, but Lyfelt assures me it would be safe. Why not? You could bring some of your friends.”
Raelt muttered, trying to weigh the risks of sending Jecrass’ [Princess] abroad versus keeping her here. Jecaina brightened—and then frowned at her father.
“Oh no. I want to meet the King of Destruction first.”
“Jecaina—”
