7.08 K
Page 7
Today, though, Raelt did spare a wish for a [General] that might have made Flos Reimarch think twice. Lael was a good leader, but no one would ever call her…brilliant. Neither was she flawed, but a decent [General] without flaws wasn’t much to put up a [King] who was known as the ‘King of Destruction’.
Credit to Lael, she was not literally shaking in her boots at the prospect of fighting the King of Destruction. She swallowed hard before replying.
“In an invasion, your Majesty? I would decline any direct assault on Reim’s forces. The King of Destruction has his grand Skill, and his vassals are just as dangerous. I would instead splinter my armies, raiding and harassing Reim’s.”
“Not even an attack on one of his vassals? What if the King of Destruction splits his forces?”
Lael hesitated.
“Not even then, your Majesty. Each of King Reimarch’s vassals was considered to be on par with a [General].”
And they have about twice as many levels as I do. Or more. Raelt let that unspoken message from Lael sink in. The River Wardens were silent as he motioned Lael to go on.
“Then what, General Lael?”
“I would use Jecrass’ mounted armies to continue to push at Reim’s armies, wearing them down with fast raids, cutting off supplies where possible. I would not engage any of the Seven or the King of Destruction directly, and avoid any direct, prolonged conflict.”
“An army has to eat. They’d struggle to claim all of Jecrass with that kind of harassment. We do have the fastest cavalry.”
Warden Winta speculated. Some of the River Wardens murmured. Taking pride from this imaginary scenario. Raelt rolled his eyes in his head. Playing the listening [King], he motioned at Lael.
“But surely any war must come to a direct conflict. If Reim’s armies make for the capital—here, what would you do, General Lael? Muster the River Wardens and all forces, given your raids are effective?”
Another pause. The [General] was giving Raelt a look. She knew that he knew what her answer was. But she said it for everyone to hear.
“At that point, I would hope for reinforcements from other nations, your Majesty.”
A stir among the River Wardens. More outrage, but it was turning into nervousness. Raelt waited, his face grave.
“And if you had no reinforcements and just the armies of Jecrass at your disposal, General? And a battle was inevitable?”
A long swallow. Lael looked around and bowed again, clasping her fist to her heart.
“All things being equal, your Majesty? I would negotiate with the King of Destruction for the favorable surrender of Jecrass’ forces.”
“Treachery!”
Someone bellowed that on top of the loud gasps. Raelt raised one hand.
“General Lael has proven her loyalty over the years. General, would you not do battle at all?”
“Your Majesty. Had I an army ten times Jecrass’ size, the King of Destruction and his vassals would still have the advantage. Without his [Army of the King]—it would be a fair battle, one I would not care to take. With an army ten times Jecrass’ size.”
Lael repeated herself through bloodless lips. Raelt now heard only silence. You could be outraged, yes. But—he looked over his court. Many of them were as old as he. They remembered the King of Destruction before his slumber. Now—they did remember him. And try as they might, they couldn’t ridicule General Lael’s words.
If there were reinforcements from other nations. Without his [Army of the King]…a lot of ifs, for Jecrass to repel the King of Destruction. Raelt let the tension rise for a few seconds. Not too long, or he might be seen as fearful himself. Which was why, as he rose, he did so lightly.
