7.08 K
Page 16
They ‘would take action’, or ‘would stand by allies of old’. No definitive promises, the kind you could nail down with a Skill or recording or spell. The truth was—Raelt was a [King] so he thought he knew what they were thinking—they had no idea what Flos Reimarch was doing either and they didn’t like it.
But it was Jecrass that Reim was marching on. And Raelt was heading right for the King of Destruction and, apparently, an army of sixty thousand.
Small, in short. Just a small…army…led by Flos Reimarch himself, and his [Steward], Orthenon, the Left Hand of the King of Destruction. Oh, and Mars the Illusionist, his [Vanguard].
Raelt didn’t like the taste of fear in his mouth.
 
—-
 
They reached the border within five hours. Raelt had his own movement Skills and Jecrass’ horses rode fast down the roads. An army was already waiting at the borders. Tens of thousands of [Soldiers], and more riding in every second.
All mounted. That was for speed, and General Lael had confided in her [King], to allow the army to fall back if worst came to worst.
Which it would not. Everyone was certain of that. And ‘everyone’ had the luxury of not being Raelt. The urgent demands for a chat had stopped, at least, and now Raelt waited with his army as more River Wardens appeared.
They came. That was the fascinating thing. Raelt half-expected some of them to pretend they weren’t able to make it, or that they’d missed the [Messages] and [Messengers]. But the River Wardens came, some with their entire army at their backs. Not a one stayed back.
He was…proud of that. Even if the River Wardens were convincing themselves that this would just be a show of Jecrass’ might. Already they’d brought double the army Flos was leading and it looked to be three times as large in the next few minutes as another River Warden arrived, bringing tens of thousands of troops.
Raelt was giving orders. Flos’ army was slowing as it approached the border and the [King] wanted nothing to go wrong.
“We will ride as I instructed, River Warden Telimt. Twenty followers per River Warden. No—ten. After the greeting.”
“Your Majesty, a show of force might make the King of Reim think twice—”
“Force? Show him what?”
Raelt stared incredulously at the River Warden. Telimt fell silent. Raelt turned his head.
“No one is to offer any provocation. On pain of death. No matter what is said, understood?”
The River Wardens nodded silently. Raelt looked past them.
An army waited at the borders. Ranks of [Riders], horses nervous and antsy. Tens of thousands. Hundreds of thousands.
Nearly a hundred and seventy thousand [Soldiers] were present, and nearly half of them mounted. It was a huge portion of Jecrass’ military might. Jecrass had fought powerful nations before, like Medain, the Kingdom of Adventurers to the north. It had a powerful army.
Indeed, the River Wardens seemed to take heart from the host. More than one group began blowing horns, cheering as in the distance, the King of Destruction’s army was sighted.
First they were a shadow in the distance. Then, a growing number. Distant shapes. Raelt declined to use a vision-enhancing tool.
“The army of Reim is spotted! Sixty thousand and some! Mostly infantry!”
“Infantry? We could sweep them aside with just the horse!”
One of the River Wardens joked. The others were relaxing. Raelt did not. He looked at Geril. His oldest and closest retainer sat on the horse. He hadn’t armed himself; neither had Raelt, save for his sword. This wasn’t a battle, but both had seen it before.
