7.08 K
Page 27
“Hellios, indeed. Germina rules itself, but Hellios…don’t give me that look. I will conquer all of Chandrar once more. And further still. What is one nation to my ambitions? I mean what I say. I would hand you Hellios tonight if you swore alliance to me.”
His eyes sought Raelt’s. And again, Raelt felt like he could hear thunder. The two [Kings] stared at each other. And then Raelt turned. Flos’ hand left his shoulder and the Ruler of Jecrass bowed slightly. Just a small dip, from one ruler to another. But acknowledging a superior, in a way. And yet—
“I’m afraid you do not know me, King Flos. Not at all, to make me an offer like that.”
Flos’ gaze was steady. He inclined his own head.
“I suppose not. Time makes a mockery of my memories, King Raelt. How have the last decades treated you since last we met?”
Raelt paused, walking back to his delegation. He looked back at Flos and sought for an answer. At last, he replied.
“Almost as well as they’ve treated you.”
Flos laughed.
 
—-
 
The two delegations gave a speech of farewell. For the benefit of the unseen listeners, Raelt reiterated his refusals. Flos’ reply was simpler. But he did add a twist as he stood to clasp Raelt’s hand on horseback, [King] to [King].
“One last thing, King Raelt. My refugees, my people returning to Reim.”
“Yes?”
Raelt was on-guard at once. But Flos just smiled. He waved at Jecrass’ army as it prepared to withdraw behind him.
“I am told you give escorts to them as they pass through Jecrass, the opportunity to trade, and so forth. I am grateful. Some of my people have told me of privations or [Bandits] or worse on their journeys here. I owe you a boon for your kindness towards them.”
He actually bowed his head then, deeper than a formality warranted.
“Oh. It was only natural.”
Embarrassed, Raelt tried to wave it off. But Flos just looked at him and nodded again. Then he smacked one arm against his saddle.
“Ah! One last thing! I meant to show you at the beginning, but it slipped my mind! Here!”
He reached into his bag of holding and tossed something at Raelt. The other [King] caught a hard, cuboid object. Flos grinned at Raelt’s puzzled face.
“It is called…a rubik’s cube. It’s a little puzzle. You twist the sides to make them match up, you see?”
“I see. Is it some…[Strategist]’s toy?”
“Perhaps? I think it’s more of a game! One of my vassals came up with it.”
“Your majesty—”
Flos waved off Orthenon and called out to Raelt as he turned around.
“Keep it! And may the rivers run forever in Jecrass, King Raelt!”
And with that, he was gone. Leaving only a memory behind of his presence. And an echo. But that was the thing about echoes. The louder you shouted, the louder the reverberation. And as Raelt rode back towards his capital, he heard the King of Destruction’s name everywhere.
Raelt wished he could hate the man.
 
—-
 
That night, Raelt of Jecrass yawned as he poured himself another drink. By all rights, he should have not been drinking, and been in bed, but he couldn’t sleep with an army marching around Jecrass’ borders.
It had been a long day. Most of it Flos’ fault. The other world leaders had insisted on calling Raelt again after the meeting. To pry and ask what he might have said to Flos, any hints. This time Raelt had rebuffed almost all of them, keeping his own counsel. A fat lot of help they’d been.
Jecaina had, predictably, been furious at not meeting Flos, but her fury had been tempered by the impression Raelt had made. Apparently, standing his ground and even being chummy with Flos had given him a touch of the King of Destruction’s myth.
