7.08 K
Page 6
“Is the scope of Jecrass’ army an issue, General Lael? Your thoughts? What would be the result in a scenario where the King of Destruction were to invade Jecrass?”
The court fell silent. Not all of those present were River Wardens. Now, a woman wearing armor stepped forwards and clasped one hand over her heart as she bowed smoothly.
General Lael, high commander of Jecrass’ armies, known for their emphasis on cavalry and speed, to guard the wide, open realm. She was a Level 27 [General], one of the highest-leveled assets of the Realm of Jecrass. Young too, in her early thirties.
“By your leave, your Majesty? I cannot fathom a scenario where Jecrass’ armies would triumph over Reim’s, even if the army were three times its current size. Not if the King of Destruction and his vassals rode together.”
Outraged murmurs. No one liked to hear that. But General Lael kept her gaze on her [King], reminding the River Wardens they were in his presence. Raelt regarded her.
“Honestly said, General Lael. Then, what would you do in an invasion scenario?”
He waited as she considered her response. The River Wardens eyed her nervously. Raelt could hear whispers.
“…not even Level 30…”
“…really the right sort? Perhaps if we sent for a commander from Baleros…”
Raelt ignored the whispers. [Generals] were a funny thing. Each nation had to have one supreme military commander—preferably more than one. A [King] could carry that role, but most weren’t specialized in or adapted to war, with a few notable exceptions. So you hired a [General].
But from where? If you were lucky, you had one from the last regime. But what happened if the [General] had been slain along with his [Queen], or, perhaps, started a coup? That was one of the questions no one had thought to teach Raelt when he’d first taken the throne.
As it happened, there were, in fact, actual wandering officers and even [Generals] who would come apply if they spotted a vacancy in a kingdom. Or you could send for them, see if they worked. And wasn’t that an odd thought?
‘Come on over, lead my armies for a year or two. See if we work well together. I’ll give you a nice horse.’ But it happened. That was how it worked. Sometimes it was a good [Warlord], or a [Colonel] serving in an army you could entice with the offer of a new class, an army to lead, and good pay.
Raelt had had a number of offers, from all over the world. [Strategists] from Baleros, mercenary commanders, a [General] serving in another army—it was a tricky choice. He could easily offend a distant or not-so-distant nation by poaching their leadership, and you had to be sure you could trust the person in charge of your armies.
In the end, Raelt had gone for the second route—promotion from within his own kingdom. But he’d put a twist on it and hired from the nation next door to his, the Republic of Belchan, a democracy known for its mage-schools and gold mines.
He’d promoted Lael because Jecaina, his daughter, had suggested her. And not just because she was a woman. [Commander] Lael had served in Belchan with distinction until she’d been disciplined for striking a [Politician] for what she claimed was a bribery attempt. She’d been demoted until Raelt had contacted her.
It was a good choice, and Raelt had hired Lael for loyalty over levels. Not that he was ever going to get a Level 40 [Firestorm General] without offering too much, but he could have gotten a Level 30+ one with some enticement. But loyalty was valuable, and Lael had proven herself over the years as incorruptible, at least to the River Wardens.
