7.08 K
Page 34
His voice was disapproving—he had disliked Flos’ idea to roam around, offering his services like a [Mercenary]. Flos had loved the idea of a [Mercenary King].
“Not at all, Orthenon. I have no desire to catch them. We’ll head back to Reim. Ready the camp.”
“As you will.”
The [Steward] vanished for a moment, and reappeared a minute later as they left the camp. Which meant it would probably be packed up and ready to go by the time they got back. They had a lot of Manticore meat and Teres was willing to admit she wanted to know how it tasted when they stopped for dinner.
She, Flos Reimarch, and Orthenon rode out of the camp, in the direction Zamea had pointed. It was early summer, and Flos Reimarch sat in his saddle, at peace with the world. But he had gathered an army for war.
Which war? Teres didn’t know. Trey had his own mission, and she wondered how Flos or some other nation was going to dodge his proclamation of peace. Perhaps no one would, and Reim would just have to prepare for war…forever.
But as she looked at the King of Destruction, Teres felt certain something was coming. Because Flos had an instinct for war. And he had been restless. Perhaps that was why they were here.
Either way—Teres looked ahead.
“There. A group, just as Zamea said.”
Flos pointed. Orthenon signaled, and a group of veteran [Riders] fell in behind Flos, smoothly. They were used to their ruler’s flights of fancy. Flos took no notice. He just stared ahead.
“Odd. They’re on foot.”
“Probably poor. It’s hard travelling all this way, right? Maybe they sold the horses?”
Teres had nothing but her opinion, but she gave that willingly and unprompted. Flos laughed.
“No. My eyes aren’t what they used to be. Orthenon—”
“Yes, your Majesty. I think you’re right.”
Teres shaded her eyes, but she couldn’t see anything more than dots. The two men accelerated and Teres had to follow them.
Flos Reimarch rode hard and fast across the road of Belchan, ignoring the people who had come to stare at him. The King of Destruction rode, past a [Princess] who turned in her saddle to stare at his back. Ahead, at something new, even for him.
A change. Flos Reimarch drew closer as the group in the distance spotted him. Teres saw them hurrying forwards. And she heard…a howl?
She stared. What was she looking at? The King of Destruction stared too. Then he threw back his head.
“Do you see it, Orthenon?”
“I see it, your Majesty.”
Orthenon was smiling. Wary, but smiling, as if at some big joke. Teres just stared. But Flos, guffawed. He laughed and laughed.
“Look! My subjects from afar. Teres, do you see them?”
And finally, she did. Loping across the arid ground, howling, pointing. Teres saw her first glimpse of another species, a caravan of at least eight thousand…she stared.
“What are they?”
No, who were they? Flos answered for her as he began to ride towards the people claiming fealty towards him. The kind of people that made his enemies sweat, and eyes turn back to the world stage. For here came a group of Lizardfolk, and loping ahead of them…six thousand strange beings. He smiled as he raised a hand.
“Gnolls.”
 

