7.08 K
Page 26
“You think so, eh, Raelt? I used to believe the same. Now? I fear I was born two decades too early! This era…is large enough for my ambitions, believe me.”
He fell silent, and his eyes were thoughtful. But Orthenon and Mars were nodding. King Raelt looked at them and then at Flos.
He did not like that one bit.
 
—-
 
The lunch was somewhat quiet after that. Flos soon regained his humor, and he and Raelt were sipping from their second cups of wine afterwards. It was nearly time to leave and Raelt was about ready to ride back home and breathe a sigh of relief. He didn’t think he’d exhale properly until then.
“A true pity. I was hoping to buy a proper warhorse, but I can’t fault Jecrass, especially with the Claiven Erath and Medain at your north. Are you sure I couldn’t convince you? Mars has been itching to fight a proper monster. You don’t have an Elder Creler stashed anywhere, do you?”
“If I did, I’d welcome your army across my border, your Majesty.”
Raelt replied drily. Flos smiled. It was King Raelt who paused, and looked at Flos’ army and then the man himself.
“Jecrass is neither interested in cooperation or enmity, King of Reim. I hope you feel the same?”
“Enmity, no. Cooperation…”
Flos paused. And his eyes looked Raelt up and down again. He seemed to be trying to unravel Raelt’s very soul with a look. Flos Reimarch paused and shook his head.
“I bear you no ill-will, King Raelt. And I mean to keep my oath. So long as my kingdom or subjects are not imperiled, I will not declare war on Jecrass. You have my word as [King].”
Raelt sighed slightly. It was enough. Flos of Reim hadn’t changed that much. Raelt began to nod, preparing a formal goodbye speech for everyone. But Flos stopped him by laying a hand on Raelt’s shoulder.
It was the second contact between the two that day. Raelt stiffened. Flos looked at him.
“We have danced about the subject, but let me simply ask you outright: would you not consider joining Jecrass to my kingdom of Reim, King Raelt? Your father did, in decades past.”
The Ruler of Jecrass turned. Flos Reimarch stared down at him. He was not taller physically, but he felt it. He spoke slowly.
“I would vassalize Jecrass. You recall my first conquest of Chandrar, surely? Jecrass would not be a defeated kingdom, but one which rose with Reim. I have promised the Quarass of Germina rewards for her aid; I would consider Jecrass an ally under my rule.”
“Under, though.”
Raelt had to gather himself to say that. Flos Reimarch paused.
“True enough. I feel I still must ask. I can gain a measure of a person, or so I feel, and I would welcome you to my kingdom with open arms above the other rulers I know.”
The words were surprisingly…gratifying. Raelt paused, but only to figure out how to respond. Then he shook his head.
“I may be a small [King] compared to the legend of the King of Destruction, but I am still a [King], Flos Reimarch. What could you offer me that is worth more than my crown?”
Flos of Reim had to smile.
“Well said. I suppose that is an answer. But…”
He trailed off, looking for a response, and then had to shrug helplessly.
“Mm. In the future? Rewards as great as your deeds, Raelt. I know that is something of an empty promise, even from my lips, though. Today? I could offer you…Hellios.”
Raelt froze. He stared at Flos Reimarch.
“Hellios?”
The King of Destruction nodded, a bit ashamed, as if it was a small bauble he was considering, not one of Jecrass’ old allies/enemies, a nation unto itself.
