7.08 K
Page 0

“They say there will be war with Ailendamus soon. If it occurs, it would be the entire kingdom versus Kaliv, Calanfer, and Gaiil-Drome, assuming the old pact holds. Phaislant would be included as well, given their relationship with Ailendamus.”
“Go on.”
“I predict Taimaguros would side with Ailendamus—they have a defensive alliance, and the war would benefit the Taimaguros Dominion. So that would mean two major powers and all the allied nations fighting the traditional Saiver Pact plus Phaislant.”
“Doesn’t Phaislant have the Order of Seasons? I remember the games at Daquin, seeing their [Knights] there. House Kallinad, correct?”
“Correct—but the Order is one [Knight] order. Ailendamus might well call upon its orders, and [Knights] are few in number.”
“Intriguing. How would this affect us?”
The Emperor of Sands paused. She looked at herself. Another aspect of herself, rather. A head sat on the arm rest of her throne. It, like she, was made of cloth. But cloth that lived, and breathed, and spoke.
String People. The [Empress] nodded at the head, which lived despite lacking a body. He was her, a young man, in the fires of his youth. And she was the [Emperor of Sands] as well, although she styled herself [Empress] when she wore this head. She was—had been—the most beautiful and intelligent [Emira] in her nation before she had become the [Empress].
She was the [Empress], he the [Emperor]. Both the same being. If the distinction was confusing, well—even other String People would have found their nature perplexing.
Even horrifying. For, the [Emperor], the [Empress], the ruler of the Empire of Sands was a String-Person. That was easy enough. But where they differed from the artificial folk who hailed from Chandrar was that they could sew and replace any body part they chose.
Even their head.
Most String People had a mortal flaw, in that while they could replace limbs, organs, any part of their body as they chose, changing material and cloth and cut to make their arms more attractive, stronger, and so on—they could not replace their heads.
The head contained the String Person’s original thread, from which their life originated. It was the most magical part of them—although [Alchemists] the world over were banned from ever experimenting with it on pain of death in any country ruled by the String People. And any rumored to be experimenting with it outside of Chandrar’s domain died.
Long ago, the String Folk had won their freedom, and they were no one’s puppets. The living string in each String Person’s head grew with them. A String-Child had but a thread; an elder who died of old-age—and String People could live into their hundreds, if seldom—would have a small skein of thread that would turn to dust shortly after their death.
You could not replace it. Even creating a new child was painful, and yes, sacrificial on the parts of the parents. Thus, the String People, who could be vain indeed, never replaced components of their heads save at more dire need. That was how their caste system worked; no matter what you became, someone born of hemp would show it, in their face if nowhere else.
String People valued cloth like other species valued strength, beauty, fertility, and so on. Those who had been made of silk or rarer fabrics stood at the height of society, beloved and envied. Below them were common fabrics, known collectively as cotton. At the bottom were the rough, hardy folk. Hemp.
