7.09 K
Page 40
“I can see with it. Not perfectly, but I see. I dare not pour magic through my eye.”
She meant use the powers she had been born with, that of Gazers. Sainath nodded.
“I see, I see. Gazer eyes must be perfect, or the magic will warp. Damage the eye further. You were wise to wait. Lady Pathseeker—I must touch your eye. If you feel any discomfort tell me. But—”
“Do it.”
Slowly, gently, the man moved his hands forwards. He was rather unclean, but his hands were spotless, Trey was relieved to say. Gazi’s eye shivered as he gently touched a finger to it. Trey blinked for Gazi.
“Hm. Yes. I feel exactly the damage. Yes.”
Sainath put his hands on the side of Gazi’s central eye, closing his own eyes. Like hers, they were larger than normal. Had he changed himself to be like that? Gazi waited. The Quarass spoke slowly.
“Can it be restored? Money is no object.”
The [Formshaper] paused. He chewed on one lip, inspecting Gazi’s wound. Then he turned to face the child-ruler.
“Money is not my issue, Quarass of Germina. I think—yes, I think it can be done.”
Trey exhaled in a rush. Gazi blinked and she rubbed at her own eye as Sainath stepped back.
“You can?”
Sainath turned to Gazi.
“It is a small amount of damage. You must have treated it with a potion?”
“No. My eye responds poorly to magic. I feared it might warp my healing. It was naturally.”
“Wise, wise. And the injury—it does not run deep. Not into what lies behind your eye. It was not magical either, which is what I feared. What caused it, may I ask, Lady Pathseeker?”
“Someone poked a finger into my eye.”
“Ah.”
The Quarass and Sainath paused. Both looked surprised. Trey just winced. Sainath wasted no time, though.
“I can perform the repair now. If you are willing?”
“Do you not need anything else? Any tools? Preparations? This must be done with utmost care.”
The Quarass’ voice was sharp. Sainath shook his head.
“Lady Pathseeker’s eye is whole, Quarass. All that need be done is move what was altered into the right places. It will not take long. Nor will it be as dangerous. But I will need to concentrate. Lady Gazi, I will touch your eye. Please do not move it at all, or blink, or use any magic.”
“Of course.”
Sainath nodded. Trey and the Quarass backed away. And Sainath placed his hands on Gazi’s eye when she told him she was ready.
And he moved magic.
 
—-
 
To Trey, the process was like watching someone perform surgery with a needle the size of a thread. He could see magic, thanks to Gazi’s tutoring, but he had never witnessed such fine control as he saw Sainath doing with Gazi’s eye. An almost imperceptible wisp of magic was entering Gazi’s eye—itself glowing in Trey’s sight with power. He couldn’t even grasp what Sainath was doing, but he assumed it was slowly moving the contents of her eye.
“He does it well. With the skill of previous [Formshapers].”
“You honor me, Quarass.”
The little ruler watched as Trey waited in a corner. Gazi held perfectly still, unmoving, not even speaking. The Quarass went on.
“Do you change other bodies, [Formshaper]? You claim you are not skilled, but you stand well among your peers.”
“Honor, Quarass. I have worked all my life as a shaper. Of course, I tend to the people of A’ctelios Salash, but I have repaired. Seldom altered. That is…a dangerous road.”
“Indeed. I am glad the shapers of A’ctelios remember. Betimes they forget.”
“Quarass. Shouldn’t you let him work in peace?”
Trey nearly begged the girl to stop distracting Sainath. The Quarass turned towards him.
“Sainath has control over his magic, Trey. Speaking will not impede him. Is that not so, Sainath?”
