7.09 K
Page 41
“No, Quarass. I will ask for silence if it is needed.”
Trey still didn’t like it. He wanted to pace, or say something to Gazi, but he was afraid to so much as breathe. He knew what this meant to her.
The Quarass had no such compunctions. She eyed Sainath’s back.
“[Formshaper]. Can you heal more than simply an eye? What of limbs? Surely that would make you prized elsewhere. Or does A’ctelios call you?”
Sainath’s voice was light, amused.
“I will never leave my home, Quarass. I doubt any shaper would, and few ever come to apprentice here that leave over our long history. Yes, I am even able to reattach a limb—if it is not rotted beyond belief. I have fixed holes or imperfect alignments in the body that are invisible from the exterior. I may even craft new limbs…although that is only for the people of A’ctelios. For I need material to work with.”
Trey shivered. He could only imagine. The Quarass was nodding.
“Still, you may close a wound without using raw material?”
“A simple task, Quarass. Closing a wound is just moving flesh. To create, I must take or…harvest what is needed elsewhere.”
“Of course. Then I am satisfied. Well, I shall continue fulfilling my obligations. Trey Atwood.”
She turned to him. He jumped.
“Yes? Quarass?”
“Trey, make a Golem for me. There. Out of sand.”
She pointed at the floor just ahead of them. Trey hesitated.
“Now? Can’t it wait for—”
“Now.”
The Quarass glared. Trey still hesitated. Sainath didn’t move, but he spoke up.
“So long as the sand goes nowhere near Lady Pathseeker or I, young man, cast your magic.”
Trey did so, as carefully as could be. A mini-Gazi, eye and all, rose from the ground as he poured a tiny bit of sand out of his bag of holding. It glared up at the Quarass. She glared back.
“Larger. At least to my waist. Yes.”
The sand-Gazi rose higher. The Quarass studied it, and then walked around it. She inspected Trey, and then glanced at Sainath.
“Good. Healing potions also work, but it would not do to err. Trey, stand here. Just above the golem.”
“To do what?”
Trey reluctantly shuffled in front of the golem. He made the little Gazi frown and cross her arms. He thought the real Gazi smiled for a second. The Quarass was not smiling. She reached up, pushed Trey’s head back a bit.
“To be in the right place. Thank you. Siv.”
She brushed her left hand across Trey’s throat. He heard the word, saw a tiny bit of magic—
And felt his throat open up. Trey felt blood spilling from his cut throat. He stared at Gazi. Then he began to choke.
“Quarass.”
Gazi froze. Sainath’s hands froze too. Both turned to look at the Quarass, but they were frozen together. Trey raised his hands. Blood was running down his clothes, onto the golem. It was coming from his throat.
It was slashed open. The Quarass flicked one finger. Trey saw a short, glowing blade of light protruding from one of her magical rings.
“This is a ring-blade. Used by the [Assassins] of Germina. Flos Reimarch has forbidden the use of child-assassins, but adults may use the ring just as well. It is difficult to avoid or predict at low-levels, and as you can see—sharp.”
She gestured at Trey. He sank to his knees. Blood was pouring from his throat.
He was clutching at the gaping wound, trying to stop—
The little girl kicked away Trey’s hands from his belt as he reached for a potion. She yanked his arm up—blood ran onto the frozen Golem, the floor.
“Quarass.”
Gazi had not moved as the [Fleshshaper] held his fingers to her eye. But her other four eyes were staring at the Quarass. The little ruler ignored her.
