7.09 K
Page 48
The eye was casting spells. Another foe froze as she tried to stab at Trey. The young man backed up, and the Quarass’ wand shot a hole in the warrior. Gazi’s eye turned again. This time, more flames. All her eyes were spinning, seeing everything, predicting every attack—
A minute passed. The attackers halted, staring. Trey couldn’t even count how many dozens Gazi had killed. They lay dead around her, blood and body parts lying in the Carven City. Gazi cut the last two apart as they slowed, caught by her main eye. They fell to the ground and blood ran around Trey’s feet. He stared down at Baosar’s head, numbly.
“I owe A’ctelios a favor.”
Gazi’s voice was slow. The warriors stared as she lifted her claymore, grinning. The half-Gazer looked around.
“I owe the Carven City a great favor. But you have given offense first. These two are under the protection of the King of Destruction. As were the children you tricked. This blood alone will not wash away your guilt.”
She raised her blade and pointed around. And no one could meet her gaze. Gazi smiled.
“If you would stop our departure—come, then. Show me the might of the Carven City. And I will make Tombhome more than but a name.”
 
—-
 
A’ctelios Salash, the Shield Kingdom which rots, screamed. The outsiders not of the city fled—but it was not them that the city raged against.
Every corner of the city borne of death was shaking. Children, adults—everyone had gone insane. They charged, tens of thousands pouring from every passage. Pursuing three running figures. A child, a young man, and a half-Gazer.
The half-Gazer was fastest. She cut apart her pursuers, her eye taking down her attackers as the young girl fumbled with her bag of holding. The young man was casting spells as he ran towards the exit.
The three leapt on the carpet that appeared at the girl’s feet and flew towards the entrance-eye they had come from, as the entire Carven City roared behind them. Trey saw people racing after the carpet, trying to catch it, unnaturally fast.
“Rain down on my foes, arrows of light! Illuminate the sky and strike with profusion!”
He shouted and his [Light Arrows] shot from the staff. Gazi was behind him, her blade still whirling.
The magical arrows blasted the pursuers back, knocking them down. Trey heard shouts of pain—Gazi’s main eye moved and a group about to leap off a walkway slowed. Her eye flitted right, and a flight of arrows snapped in midair. Trey whirled and saw a shape bounding down from above.
Athal, hands outstretched, leaping for them, snarling. Trey blasted him away with three [Light Arrows]. Gazi cut down two more clinging to the carpet.
“Hold on!”
The Quarass snapped and did an aileron roll. The others trying to climb on went flying, and a group leaping down from above bounced off the carpet’s bottom. The Quarass angled the carpet, tilted it sideway, and shot down a narrow passage.
“The entrance!”
Trey screamed as he flung more arrows. The Quarass shot towards it. Faster and faster—Trey saw light from outside, sand—
They burst out of the Carven City as Gazi blocked the last spells and arrows flying after them. The half-Gazer’s armor was covered in blood, and scorched in places from spells—but she had taken no wounds.
Neither had Trey or the Quarass. The young man, clutching the backpack and the staff in one hand, heard the city shrieking behind him. People poured out of the eye as the Quarass took them up and away—he saw them scrambling back inside.
“Oh god. It was—oh—”
Trey sat back on the carpet. It too was stained with blood. He just stared at Gazi, and then the Quarass.
