7.09 K
Page 12
The child ruler clearly knew what Trey was thinking. She glowered her eyes flashing, and got angry for the second time Trey could remember seeing her. The first had been trying to mount a really tall camel without help.
“Sand-blinded boy! I have slept with more women than you have in your life, you arrogant virgin! I have eaten the hearts of my dead foes, and watched nations fall! I am not one to be coddled or made light of! I am the Quarass of Germina!”
She pointed a finger at Trey’s face. He turned crimson.
“I’m not a—”
Gazi looked at him. The Quarass looked at him. Trey turned pale.
“I’m not! Neither is Teres! No, wait. She is. She is, I’m not!”
“She’s not. You are.”
“What?”
“We can read your aura.”
Trey went pale.
“But Teres said—that’s a lie about the aura. Right? I mean, you can’t tell…”
The Quarass rolled her eyes, as Trey tried to explain or justify. She turned back to the carpet and made a slashing motion with one hand—Trey’s mouth shut instantly.
The carpet was quiet for a while. Trey fell silent, more from the heat in his face than anything else. At last, the Quarass spoke, and it was softly, facing ahead. She gripped the edge of the carpet as she stared across the open sky.
“Many lifetimes ago, I was a [Carpet Racer]—a [Skyrider of Ger]. I may not have the Skills or levels of my incarnations, but carpets need neither muscle nor supreme reflexes, Even in this body I can control it well. Your [King] believes carpets are dangerous. Well and so, he is right. But I remember living in times when many soared through the skies as we do now. How else to travel across Chandrar?”
“There is a magical carriage in Izril owned by a [Lady]. It moves as fast as this, or faster.”
Gazi offered noncommittally. The Quarass scoffed.
“Pah, can it ride across the sands of Chandrar? Even if it can—what is a carriage to flight? This is magic.”
“And death. Even with safety spells, I am told most carpet riders die within a month.”
The Quarass looked back at Gazi and Trey. She paused, blank-faced.
“I lived for thirty eight years. I did die on a carpet. But I flew it into a Dragon’s maw. And the lack of courage to fly is why this world wanes.”
“W-well, we’re flying, aren’t we?”
Trey tried to edge between the two. Gazi nodded, smiling with that edge of hers. She looked at the Quarass challengingly.
“So we are.”
The little girl laughed.
“You call this flying? This is not flying! This is flying.”
With that, she flipped the carpet upside down. It happened in an instant. Trey saw the ground below him. He stared at it as his entire stomach dropped straight towards his throat. Then he felt his bottom leave the carpet—
The Quarass flipped the carpet again. Gravity pulled Trey down—into the carpet. He stared ahead, white-faced. And then he started screaming.
“Aaah! Aaaaaaaaah!”
Gazi was holding onto the carpet, staring at the Quarass. The little ruler was smiling. She turned to Trey.
“Stop panicking. Even poor carpets have some level of anchoring for the rider. This is a poor gravity spell woven into the threads. Besides which—both you and Pathseeker are capable of casting [Featherfall]. What are you worried about?”
“Don’t do it again!”
Trey shouted at the Quarass. She smirked. And in that moment, Trey realized she shared one tendency with Gazi—no one could make her stop when she wanted to do something. The Quarass grabbed the carpet.
“Do not—”
