7.09 K
Page 15
Trey managed eight more before he had to stop. The Quarass nodded to the slumbering Gazi.
“Pathseeker taught you to do that?”
“Yeah…she said it was a good, basic spell.”
“She is correct. That you learned to cast that within a few months of training is impressive.”
“Really? But they’re Tier 1—”
“I counted thirty eight. [Light Arrow] is less powerful than an actual arrow, because it is a blunt impact, but it has the same force. The next step would be to harden the light. If you have a Skill or the knowledge, that would be a rain of thirty-eight arrows.”
“Oh! Well, I know a few more.”
“Yes. Show me your barrier.”
“[Sand Wall]!”
Some of the sand blew directly over the carpet and all three passengers. The Quarass stopped the carpet as Gazi woke up. And then the Quarass pushed Trey over the edge of the carpet and he demonstrated [Featherfall].
“You are a [Sand Mage]?”
“Yes.”
Trey was Level 16, thanks to Gazi’s relentless tutoring. That was apparently good, although Teres was Level 19.
“You both level exceedingly fast. But [Mages] are said to be more difficult to level than other classes. By and large, that is true. The Archmages of Wistram have ever suffered because to reach the highest level, one must not only study, but practice magic of great power. A [Warrior] must simply challenge ever-greater foes.”
The Quarass lectured Trey as he, sweating, showed off more spells. She corrected him twice, informing him where his control of mana was sloppy. That was a big thing with Gazi, Ulyse, Mirin, and the Quarass.
“Perfecting the art of casting any spell is more important than quantity at this point. Conserving your mana, making each spell work with utmost efficiency—that will put you ahead of other magic-users in time. King Reimarch intends for me to help you shape your class. Do you have any other talents?”
“Um—um—[Mana Reserve], and [Eidetic Spell Memory], and [Magic Thought], and—”
Trey rattled off a list of basic Skills that were to a [Mage] what [Lesser Strength] and [Weapon Proficiency: Sword] was to Teres. The Quarass nodded, informing Trey he needed more mana well Skills, and then paused as he listed one of his actually original Skills.
“What was that?”
“[Basic Golem Shaping].”
“Show me.”
Trey blushed. Gazi had had words with him when she’d discovered that he’d become a Level 15 [Sand Mage] and gained that Skill on leveling up. She hadn’t minded [Sand Mage], but…
“Well, they’re sort of silly. I just do them for fun—”
“Show me. And if you blow sand in my eyes, I will make you regret it.”
Gingerly, Trey conjured a bit of sand up and began to form it. Now he had a Skill, he could make one as tall as his knee in less than a minute. Trey had tried one his height, but it was very difficult and no one among Parasol Stroll was a golem-expert.
The Quarass stared at the cute bobble-headed version of Gazi that waved a sword aimlessly and charged her lower half. She blocked it with one hand.
“…Why does it look so?”
“It’s—well, it’s just something silly from my world. I think they look cute like that.”
Trey mumbled. He showed the Quarass more, his little collection of mini-Dragons, [Knights], a tiny Wyvern—they duked it out in the carpet, shedding sand as they smacked each other lightly.
They weren’t strong. Trey had the thought that he was doing their creation wrong—he was using sand, since he was sort of good at it [Magical Specialization: Sand] was one of his Skills, which was very specific, but even when he tried to make their weapons hard, they were only fairly stiff.
