7.09 K
Page 26
The Quarass nodded. Trey saw tiny shapes, moving from within the center eye. They had been spotted. There were no doors, nothing to stop visitors. He did not think that mattered. Who would attack such a place?
“Did—did his Majesty conquer A’ctelios? You said it was never taken by force, Quarass. Then…”
She nodded slowly.
“The Carven City’s folk are much like Merreid’s guardians. Strong to defend. They do not emerge from their Shield Kingdom often. I think they would be a terrible force. But flawed. I am told Flos Reimarch vassalized A’ctelios in a single day as his armies marched past.”
She glanced at Gazi. The half-Gazer’s four eyes were staring ahead. She nodded slowly.
“My lord looked upon the tomb-kingdom and desired nothing of what it held. He only lamented that the age of A’ctelios’ glories were past. Although even he agreed that it was a mercy not to fight such a thing.”
“Gazi. It looks like…”
Trey couldn’t stop looking at her face. It was not the same. All five eyes were the same size. But Gazi’s face—she glanced at him.
“Yes. Milord noticed it too. I feel nothing but unease, Trey. I do not know what died here.”
The Quarass tapped her lips thoughtfully.
“Even for one such as I, Gazers are a rare species that seldom visited Chandrar. It is said they may have come of A’ctelios, or rather, another such beast in ages past. But that is a rumor.”
She glanced at Gazi. The half-Gazer bared her teeth.
“You would have to ask my kin in Baleros that. I have never been there.”
“True. Ah, we are approaching. Remember what I said, Trey Atwood. Forget everything if you must, but remember—do not eat in A’ctelios.”
“What will happen if I do?”
There were people in the entryway. The Quarass flew upwards, slowly, slowly. The eye had been hollowed indeed, and you would have to rise by climbing that flesh—if it was—Trey stared down and his stomach gibbered like his mind.
“If you wish to gain a gift by gambling your nature, partake of the rotless food they offer you. If you wish to stay forever, continue to eat.”
The Quarass’ voice was soft. She took the carpet up, forgoing the long ascent. Trey saw two dozen forms waiting near the top. They looked…Human. But his skin crawled. He felt hot and cold, chilled like he was having a fever. His head became light. And he felt himself pass through the spirals of the eye.
Bright light shone from within. Brighter than torchlight, but deeper than artificial light. The entryway was peach, not a perfect sterilized white, but colors altered by deeper, subtle shades. It looked like…stone.
The carpet halted. Trey saw a long tunnel, and then actual doors. He stared around. Peach changed, darkening and faltering, into a color like aged red and purple. It looked like—he closed his eyes.
“We walk here. Trey, take my hand.”
The Quarass made him stand. The ground was hard. Like stone. Trey opened his eyes. But he still beheld it for what it was.
Passages carved in something that did not rot. The narrow tunnel expanded, and they stood there, the people who lived in the Tombhome. Their clothes were long, concealing, their faces yet distant. Behind them rose buildings, places all carved out of the very substance that made the walls, the ceilings. 
“Walk with me, Trey. It is no different than the Leviathan-Ships of Drowned Folk. They too live in ancient flesh.”
“It isn’t right. It isn’t…don’t make me come with you. Please.”
“Would you prefer to stay here?”
Faced with that—Trey couldn’t respond. The Quarass bent and the carpet vanished into her bag of holding.
“Come, Trey Atwood.”
