7.09 K
Page 34
Trey knew, but a [Chef] had clearly prepared this food because it was appetizing and it was nearly lunch. His mouth watered. Gazi looked at him with two of her eyes.
“Not at all. Because I can see what it was made of.”
Trey looked at Gazi’s eyes, and then the ravenous feasters from A’ctelios. He suddenly lost all appetite.
The wait was long for the Quarass. Trey could see the four rulers greeting each other, but rather to his disappointment, he wasn’t allowed to go near or hear that august meeting. He supposed it was silly to assume he’d get to hear what they were saying, but he was a bit let-down. In the meantime, Athal and some of the other younger folk mingled and chatted.
“Trey Atwood, tell us of Germina. How fares it after the King of Destruction conquered?”
Beshaid nodded at Trey, hungry for gossip if he couldn’t have any food. Trey found himself in a small knot of similarly-aged people; the older delegates kept to their own groups or were more recumbent, or simply refused all hospitality like Gazi, but youth bridged the four nation’s divide. A trio of Garuda and four others from Merreid joined six from A’ctelios, including Athal.
“Well, uh, Germina’s well. The Quarass lives again, so all is well. Until that point, there was unrest—”
Trey tried to lie, and to his relief, Beshaid and most of the others rolled their eyes.
“You and your Quarass! I mean—may she live forever, but tell us something! Something interesting! Did you see the King of Destruction? Is that really Gazi the Omniscient here?”
“Yes, and yes—”
Trey found himself besieged by wide-eyed questions. No one dared approach Gazi, but everyone wanted to know what she was like, or the King of Destruction. Trey gave evasive answers, and the others were happy just to hear of Flos’ public exploits.
In time, the other entourages began to mingle as well. The Garuda bodyguards and Gazi still refused to talk, but the others met and mingled, gossiping. Trey feared he’d be lost and reveal himself, but the others were only too happy to gossip about the battle at Pallass and the other broadcasts, like Daquin, which was a relief.
“Scrying orbs. It is the fashion the world over! It is so entertaining! I wish I had one—”
“They say there will be a permanent—broadcast? Yes, broadcast from Wistram. Imagine!”
Trey could and did imagine. He nearly took a cup of water from Athal, then glared at the young man. As Trey went to put it back on the banquet table, he saw the Quarass and the other rulers.
They paused where Trey was standing, and he heard them talking.
“…thought you might be influenced by the last Quarass. Forgive our hesitance.”
“Your memories are too short. You know that I am eternal. My predecessor was a fool, that I admit. But I was chosen of Ger. I am not she, and I regret the path she took Germina down.”
The Quarass’ voice was sharp, even with the other rulers. The Keeper shrugged and Trey, pretending to inspect the goblets, saw the Sapki Mekhita dip her head.
“I met the previous Quarass, but only for the last four years of her life. I am new to my role. I hope we will be allies.”
She smiled shyly and Baosar agreed.
“It is good to meet a reasonable Quarass again. The last one was not. But then, a kinkiller much less a matricide was a poor Quarass. You have more will than she, at least.”
The Quarass only nodded slowly, not seeming to take offense.
“I have much to mend and repair, but I trust I will prove myself again with deed. It was good I died before more could be ruined.”
