7.09 K
Page 38
That was the unnatural bit. But as soon as the man spoke, it all became clear to Trey.
“Quarass, I greet you. Baosar informed me I was needed. My name is Sainath. I am a [Fleshchosen Formshaper].”
The words echoed in the small room. Trey instantly looked around for the Quarass. This was her plan? A—[Formshaper]?
He saw the Quarass incline her head.
“Greetings to you, Sainath. I have an ailment I am told you may fix. First, however—Trey Atwood, stop gawping. You are giving offense.”
The Quarass pointed a finger. Trey jumped as she addressed him directly. Sainath laughed.
“I take none, Quarass. And if it pleases you, I will answer any questions this young man clearly has.”
“Very well. Gazi, you must take off your armor. It will interfere with Sainath’s magic.”
Sainath’s eyes darted to Gazi. The half-Gazer stared at the Quarass. Slowly, she nodded and turned her back. She began to adjust parts of her armor, removing her gauntlets first as Sainath turned to Trey.
“Have you never seen a [Formshaper], Trey Atwood?”
“No. What are you—I mean, I’m terribly sorry. But what was your class?”
The old man smiled.
“All of us are fleshchosen. But [Formshaper] is my class. I am a—well, I suppose the crude word for it is [Flesh Mage].”
The word echoed in the room. Trey shuddered.
‘It was born with illness. Do not ask—the shapers will fix it.’
Athal’s words. Trey found another piece of the puzzle and stared. The Quarass’ voice was calm.
“It is a rarer class, not often practiced. But the shapers of A’ctelios Salash are well-known. Among some. They move flesh at will, to heal or…change. It is a dangerous process, however, and [Healers] are far more trusted. More efficient. But a [Formshaper] may do what no potion can, or at least, more easily.”
She nodded at Sainath and he bowed.
“Your words praise me, Quarass. This humble [Formshaper] will do what he can to aid the Dragonslayer of Ger.”
Trey glanced at Gazi. Then at the Quarass.
“His Majesty didn’t think of this?”
“No. I did.”
The Quarass turned to stared at Gazi. The half-Gazer had clothes on underneath her armor, and she had shed half of the pieces already. Sainath glanced at her, and then at Trey.
“Your Quarass is right, young man. I work with living bodies like [Necromancers] work with the dead. Skin and muscle are my projects. I can alter form and improve it—but my specialty is restoring. Healing.”
Trey nodded. He hesitated as Gazi took off her greaves.
“What does fleshchosen mean? Does it give you some aspect in your class?”
Sainath laughed. The Quarass’ eyes flickered and she shook her head slightly. So did the [Formshaper].
“It is what all those who are part of A’ctelios are granted, young man. And as for what it gives—comfort.”
He smiled. Trey opened his mouth, but the Quarass slashed with one hand behind Sainath’s head. He closed it.
“Well, Quarass, who am I seeing to? And how many? I must tell you I am not able to heal all ailments. Indeed, bone eludes me. Better to find a [Necromancer] for that.”
“I am aware. Your patient is not me, or him. But her.”
“Lady Pathseeker.”
Sainath turned smoothly to Gazi. Outside of her armor, she was slimmer, shorter. She seemed naked to Trey without her sword. Gazi glanced at the Quarass. And Trey looked at her closed eye.
Sometimes, great events took place by chance. Other times, they were by design. Sometimes, what everyone thought was the most important thing was in fact, a ruse.
