7.09 K
Page 8
The two didn’t turn their heads to look at each other, and their voices were cool. Polite. Trey…wondered if they didn’t like each other, like Venith had warned. He shifted uncomfortably. Then Trey remembered something at last and fumbled his iPhone out of his pocket. Gazi and the Quarass watched as he tried to take a video.
“This is us in the air! If you’re seeing this later, me, your Majesty, Teres, it’s not that windy! It is a bit cold, but we’re not flying too fast! There’s Gazi—”
He turned the phone. Gazi inclined her head.
“Your Majesty.”
“And here’s the Quarass!”
She stared at the camera, unblinking for a second. Trey hesitated. He swept the view across the ground, pointing out Flos’ palace in the background, already distant, and trying to find the flock they’d nearly run into. Trey closed after a minute or two of blathering to himself; the other two passengers were just staring at him.
“That’s all from me! I’ll take another video if we see something interesting!”
He turned off the video and saved the file. Only then did Gazi relax and the Quarass turn fully back to the front. Trey forgot how seriously people in this world took videos.
Silence. After a while, Trey spoke up. He was fairly certain the other two wouldn’t, and making small chat with unbelievable folk was a talent of his. He cleared his throat.
“So—um, Quarass.”
“Yes, Trey Atwood? We are apart from my subjects. Speak your mind.”
The Quarass turned her head, regarding Trey intently. They were friends. Of sorts. She had accompanied him to Khelt, where he’d gotten to know her, and they’d talked since then.
“I wouldn’t want to bother you. If you still need to learn the carpet.”
“I have mastered it to my satisfaction. What do you wish?”
The Quarass was still unnerving to Trey, but she seemed to not mind explaining things to him. That was why Flos had insisted Trey go with her. For perspective as much as anything else. And…Trey rolled his shoulders.
“Um—I was just wondering if Vaitsha was alright?”
She had been very pale. The Quarass shrugged as she turned to look at Trey, keeping the carpet moving ahead.
“The poison is running through her. I have told you of this.”
“Right. Right. But, er, is she doing okay?”
“She must take a numbing medicine—another poison—to stay sane. She is weak, faint. In another few days she will not be able to stand. By the time I return, she will be bedridden, and must be hand-fed. At the end, perhaps when I return, or just after, she will not be conscious. Then, she will be force-fed and she will live or die. Perhaps, all before I return. Does that answer your question?”
The Quarass’ gaze bored a hole through Trey’s skull and implanted a silent message that he was being an idiot in his brain. Still, he went on.
“Can’t—can’t she reduce the dosage?”
“No.”
“But if she might die—”
The Quarass clicked her tongue.
“It was her choice. As is Khalid’s. For power and her new class, Vaitsha is risking her life. Would you deny her that right?”
Trey bit his tongue.
“No. No…well, maybe I would. Does she have to risk her life? Isn’t there another class?”
He looked at the Quarass. She had the memories of countless lifetimes in her head. And she knew more about classes and levels and the secrets of this world than anyone, even Fetohep. The Quarass smiled.
“Of course. But this is a class that suits Vaitsha. It is more powerful than many I could easily transform her into. And the swiftest. Germina needs champions. Vaitsha has taken the risk. Her chances of death are low.”
“How—”
“One in sixty.”
