7.09 K
Page 42
“Move, Pathseeker, and your eye is forfeit. Hold. Trey Atwood.”
Her voice came from far away. Trey felt like he was disappearing. But the Quarass’ voice burned in his head.
“Trey Atwood. Move the golem covered in your blood. Sand and blood. Mix the two and move it.”
Help me. He tried to plead with her, but she thrust his head down. Towards the blood-covered Gazi. Covered in his blood.
“Do it or you will die.”
Trey pushed. He had to; he couldn’t move with his arms locked by the Quarass’ grip. The little Gazi stirred. It was sand. But he felt it.
Blood. It was diluting his control over the Golem. But—it was his blood. And it had to move. He had to move it—
Dark red sand rose. It crystalized and the little Golem moved. It rushed at the Quarass, slashing with a tiny claymore. It hit the Quarass hard.
The Quarass let go of Trey. He fell limp, unable to move his hands. The Quarass struck the golem-Gazi with her palm, and the dark sand refused to crumble. It rocked backwards instead, fell still.
Trey was lying on the floor. The Quarass reached for her belt as she inspected the red Golem.
“Good. This is lifesand. Made of blood and sand. It will be your foundation for golems.”
No answer. Gazi was staring. Just staring. Sainath was sweating as he concentrated. Trey’s blood ran, but it was nearly out.
The Quarass moved fast. She uncorked the vial, bent over Trey, and thrust him over. She poured the healing potion onto his cut throat. Instantly, the wound cleared.
Trey gasped. He wasn’t thinking, wasn’t—the Quarass pressed the bottle to his mouth. Liquid went in and Trey woke up.
“Drink. You must replenish your lost blood.”
Trey flailed. He felt energy rush through him, life, as the powerful potion restored him. He swayed—the Quarass caught him.
“What—what was that?”
It was two minutes before Trey could speak. Then he just clutched his throat, staring at the little blood-sand Golem. At the Quarass. She had called it ‘lifesand’.
The girl stood over Trey, tsking at the blood on her sandals. She pointed at Trey’s throat, and then the golem.
“Training. I told you I would make your golems stronger. You have learned to make lifesand. That—”
Trey shouted. He rose, and leapt at the little girl. He punched wildly—the Quarass flipped him.
“You—”
Sainath kept working as the Quarass slammed Trey down, in a perfect throw. Trey was winded; she grabbed his arm and twisted it up. He shouted in pain, unable to move without wrenching it out of his socket. The Quarass stared down at him, dispassionately.
“Are you done?”
“You nearly killed me!”
“I ensured you’d be safe. Attack me again and I will throw you. Pathseeker is still being healed, Trey Atwood.”
She let go. Trey, panting, stared up at the Quarass. She was not a person. She was like Flos. Someone who used people like toys!
“You—you—”
She waited. Trey curled up, clutching at his throat. He remembered dying. Tears sprang into his eyes. The sixteen-year old boy rolled over, facing a wall, in the blood. His blood on the floor.
“I hate you. I want to leave.”
The Quarass sighed.
“When Pathseeker is healed. Sainath?”
It was another ten minutes before the [Formshaper] finished. Trey just shook in a corner, clutching at his throat. The Quarass waited. And then the old man took his hands away from Gazi’s eye with a sigh. She blinked, and he exhaled slowly.
Sweat was beading his brow. Sainath looked at the Quarass, Trey on the floor, and then Gazi. He wearily nodded.
