7.09 K
Page 30
He pointed at enough thick cuts of meat for a family to have a steak dinner with. Back home that would have cost far, far more! Trey wasn’t perfect on the economics of this world, but meat was being priced at the same value as Yellats in Reim, or flour! Athal smirked at Trey’s expression, then he drifted closer to the shop selling the raw meat. The [Butcher] glanced up and smiled at Trey. Ignoring the teeth, they were so normal…
“No one starves in A’ctelios. And we cook well! I can show you the best tenderloins—or perhaps you enjoy a different cut? If you wish it—”
“No one will eat. They are guests, Athal. This is the Quarass’ servant.”
Suddenly, Baosar appeared besides Athal. He frowned disapprovingly. Trey jumped. He realized he’d left the others. Athal looked put out.
“Father, I was only—”
“The Quarass awaits her servant, Athal.”
The ruler emphasized ‘her servant’. And Trey saw Athal bow his head.
“Apologies.”
Baosar gestured and swept back up the stairs. When he was out of sight, Athal winked at Trey. He laughed and smiled and shrugged ruefully, as if to say ‘too bad’. Trey stared at him as they followed Baosar. He didn’t ask about the meat.
“Athal, does your city have uh, crime? A City Watch?”
The young man paused as he ushered Trey upwards. A pair of Garuda dressed in leather nodded to Athal. Trey—stared at them. They were of A’ctelios, he guessed. Athal nodded back and then gave Trey a strange look.
“Of course we have crime. And incidents—quarrels, and so on. We do not have your Watch, but we do have appointed peacekeepers. What must you think of our city, Trey Atwood?”
“I don’t know. I only know a bit.”
“Your Quarass did not tell you much of our Shield City?”
“Well, I know it was mighty. But no—not much. I thought, well…”
Trey trailed off awkwardly. Athal’s perplexed stare was bothering him.
“Have you lived here all your life?”
“Of course. And I will die here. We go up this way, across the bridge.”
The bridge had guardrails, but it was long and arched. The…not-stone it was made of must have been incredibly strong. Perhaps it was bone. Trey glanced at Athal.
“You never wanted to leave? There’s a world out there.”
“Why would I want to see it? I have all I want here, Trey Atwood. Beautiful girls, sights, and you outlanders bring me all I want. The outside is dangerous, isn’t it? Sometimes our guardians at the eyes fight with monsters. And there are wars. That Lady Pathseeker, she is of the King of Destruction, is she not? Once his armies marched past A’ctelios, before I was born.”
“Yes, but—”
Trey really didn’t know what to say. Athal looked so content. He didn’t even pause when he claimed there was nothing for him outside. Trey decided to fish around in his pockets instead. He pulled out his iPhone; there was too much to see all at once and Teres needed to see this…place. He didn’t know if he should take a picture of the outside, though.
“What is that?”
Fascinated, Athal stopped again on the walkway. Ahead of them, Trey saw a pair of giggling children poke out their heads and stare at the outsider. There were even children here. Perhaps…?
No. Trey lamely tried to explain as he took a slow video of the street and the [Butcher] below, Athal, the city stretching out into the distance…
“This is a uh, recording device. Magical.”
“Ah. Like the scrying orbs? They are in high demand. Several [Merchants] have come through selling them in the last two weeks. But of course, this entertainment is worth it! If only it was not so pricey! Even now, scrying devices cost too much, eh?”
