7.09 K
Page 21
“Some were as powerful as [Archmages]. Others are not. It varies, as with all people. What is true is that Djinni are exceedingly useful. Even your [King] would desire one, and to face a Djinni is a dangerous feat. They are almost pure magic, so to slay one you must use spells. I think that is why your [King] laughs at your world, Trey. He thinks a single djinn could conquer it. Well, he is a fool, but he is right that…”
The Quarass lapsed into thoughtful silence. She had been told of Earth, and Trey didn’t like knowing that she knew. But it had made her an ally. For now.
“U-um, Quarass. I know you want to talk about Merreid, but I want to know about djinn, please. You have three wishes? And they grant each one?”
“Within their power. It is an ancient geas, from when each was bound. It makes them servants, but rebellious ones. You must word your desires carefully, for they will turn on you if they have a slightest chance.”
Trey felt something hot in his stomach.
“Then they’re not servants. They’re—”
“Slaves.”
Gazi opened one of her eyes. The half-Gazer raised her head a fraction. The Quarass turned.
“Yes.”
That was all. After a moment, the Quarass went on.
“But you seem to be making a mistake, Trey Atwood. Depending on the binding spell, they are indeed compelled to grant the asker’s desire. Sometimes it is one wish, or three, or even as many as thirteen, or a hundred.”
“A hundred—”
“Depending on the enchantment of the bottle. But why would you risk it? Every first wish someone who comes across a djinn-bottle makes is for more wishes. Ah—but be careful. If you use up your last wish for more without wording it right, a djinn may free themselves between your next wish. Normally, the first wish is so lengthy one spends hours uttering it, to ensure the djinni cannot alter the wish in any way and you are protected from all harms by it. However—”
The Quarass was going on, but Trey waved an urgent hand in her face.
“Wait! You can’t ask for more wishes! Isn’t that—illegal?”
The Quarass stopped smoking. Gazi raised her head. Both gave Trey a nonplussed look.
“Why would it be illegal?”
“Because—isn’t it unfair?”
“To whom? The djinn? Those who enslaved them didn’t care. Ask for more wishes. Why would you…? Many ask for the djinn to be lifelong protectors and servants. They must only restrict the djinn’s power immensely, less they break their word-bonds and slay their masters. But of course their masters have infinite wishes. They just must be very careful not to leave loopholes. Illegal? Nonsense.”
The Quarass snorted. She tapped her pipe over the side of the carpet and refilled it. Trey opened his mouth.
“So—”
“Merreid. I will not discuss djinn all night. And you must learn etiquette.”
The Quarass ignored Trey. She pointed down at the city.
“Merreid is a safe haven. Its bazaars are truly neutral; no one may break the laws of Merreid, not even its ‘rulers’. The djinn are its servants. And the city thinks.”
She nodded at Trey’s sharp look.
“The [Architects] who created the city and wrote the laws which shape the city’s will and magic were much like the deceased one of your King’s Seven, Drevish. They did not trust mortal weakness. Sensible. Which is why Merreid has endured.”
“In that case, why are Merreid’s rulers allowed to meet with the other nation’s rulers? That’s why we’re going to A’ctelios, right?”
Trey saw the Quarass’ lips curve into a slight smile at the question.
