7.09 K
Page 9
Trey fell silent. That…wasn’t as bad as one in ten. Or one in twenty, like he’d been thinking. Still…
“So, how’s Khalid doing?”
The little [Street Tough] was a boy from Ger who had pledged to be the Quarass’ protector, like Vaitsha. And Flos. But Trey hadn’t seen him when the Quarass had come to Reim the last two visits. The little Quarass shrugged.
“He is training his body. Learning the art of war. It will be years before he is able to serve as my protector and champion. But I have laid the groundwork. Each day, he imbibes tinctures and medicines, and soaks in baths designed to improve his body.”
“Really? Really? All that helps a lot? Tinctures?”
“Yes. Pills, made of ingredients and in processes I know. They will improve the quality of his muscles. By the time he grows in height, he will have twice a normal man’s strength without a Skill, among other qualities.”
Trey blinked. Gazi turned her head back to stare at the Quarass for a second.
“Bird.”
The Quarass turned them left. Trey kept talking. It wasn’t hard. Everything about this world was beyond fascinating.
“Wait, you can do that? Eat something and get powerful? Does it wear off?”
“No. You are thinking of potions, substances with short-term effects. What Khalid eats will change his very nature. Slowly.”
The Quarass calmly stared at a large albatross-like bird with dark feathers flying past. It made a strange, warbling sound—Trey saw it had teeth. It tried to turn—the carpet outraced it.
“So—so—by the way, this is an amazing carpet!”
“Your praise is unneeded. The carpet is average. Ask your questions.”
Trey wilted.
“Okay. So about these substances? How is it possible? Gazi, did you know—?”
He looked at Gazi. She shook her head. For the first time, the Quarass looked at Gazi directly.
“These are secrets I know. Gazi Pathseeker, travelled though she is, does not know much of this world.”
Gazi grinned with all her teeth. Trey winced. Venith had warned him! The half-Gazer looked at the Quarass and inclined her head ever-so-slightly.
“Apparently so. If it is not a secret, may I ask how this is possible? I know of enchantments that may last indefinitely. But you say it changes the nature of this boy. How?”
“Any aspect of the body and even qualities like the mind or natural flow of mana can be improved to some extent. The people of Drath know this; they are experts at this refinement and produce pills, liquids, and other methods of cultivating their form. I studied their methods in several lifetimes.”
“Really? So you can make them stronger?”
The Quarass smiled a bit, pleased by Trey’s wide-eyed fascination. And Trey wasn’t disassembling! …Too much. You had to entertain people like Flos and Fetohep. The key was to genuinely be interested. And this was amazing.
“Of course it is possible. This is what is happening to Vaitsha now. She drinks poison and antidote until her blood itself is venom. Soon, she will become [Viperborn]—or a [Serpent Lady], or a number of classes depending on some factors outside my control.”
Trey shuddered.
“And Khalid?”
“Strength of body, fitness of form. It is a simple thing with him; slower. I rely on Vaitsha’s class; not so with Khalid. His strength will come from body and class. It is said on Drath, that their perfect warriors had blood which circulates the body ten times for every one of ours, that they are lighter, swifter, stronger, with eyes like birds and flawless skin and the ability to consume poison like water. But the ones I poisoned certainly did not have that latter quality.”
