7.09 K
Page 28
He looked at Trey. And the young man shuddered because Baosar was so normal—but Trey could see the points of his teeth each time the man smiled. They were not like Gazi’s, which were her own, a carnivore’s designed mouth, but a Human’s teeth that had somehow shaped into points over time. It was unnatural.
“This child is a companion of mine. A servant for my purposes. He has never walked the Carven City, Baosar.”
The Quarass’ voice was cool. Trey found himself taking the man’s hand. They did not shake hands, but rather, squeeze, as the Quarass had told Trey. It was a familiar, warm grip. Trey let go as fast as possible and tried not to wipe his hand.
The leader of A’ctelios smiled.
“Ah, a stranger. He sees our home for what it is.”
“I—I greet you, Baosar of A’ctelios.”
Trey stammered. The man smiled. Then he turned to the Quarass.
“Are they all who come? What of your escort? Germina’s shadows?”
“Unneeded. Pathseeker is my guardian. You know Germina allies with Reim.”
Baosar angled his head. The people behind him were still. Trey felt eyes moving from him, to Gazi, to the Quarass.
“I have heard of its fall. But that is a matter to discuss. The Sapki of Qualvekkaras has arrived, as has the Keeper of Merreid. They await to discuss and meet. Shall we go, Quarass?”
“Yes.”
And that was that. Trey saw Baosar turn and gesture. The escort of the hooded, tall people fell in around them. Silently. Trey looked at Gazi, but she just nodded. And the Quarass walked beside Baosar.
And they entered further into the rotting kingdom of A’ctelios Salash.
 
—-
 
It was just a city. Trey tried to tell himself that. If you ignored the strange floor, the enclosed space, it was much like a city.
Walkways had been built inside the city. Homes lay in residential districts. There were shops—places to work, drink, eat—everything in another city.
But the color was off. And the entire world of A’ctelios was enclosed. First, Trey walked through the eye. It was a gateway, vast, domed, as he had seen from afar. Within, it seemed even larger. But it was only the exterior of the Carven City.
“In times long past, we settled in the eyes. But A’ctelios is far vaster than it was in the past, Trey Atwood. Now, we have built into the head, and we dig deeper with each year. We are halfway through the torso, and the appendages will be next.”
As they walked, one of the escorts spoke to Trey. He was tall, like the rest of A’ctelios’ folk, and his eyes were also pale. He too had pointed teeth, but he was a young man, lively, fascinated by the visitors. His name was Athal and seemed amused and also used to Trey’s nervousness.
“There is nothing to fear! I know what you must think, but this city is like any other. See—we pass into the head. Witness the first layer of A’ctelios! For you, it is where business is done with outsiders, and where your beloved Quarass will meet the other Shield Kingdom representatives!”
He thrust out his hand as they passed below a large archway, through another tunnel. And Trey gasped.
“Reim isn’t this big!”
The city of A’ctelios made you forget that it was inside something at first. It could have been night, but forever night, without stars. The city was set on multiple levels, and walkways and bridges made up the inner city.
Stone, too. It was almost a relief to see stone and wood mixed with the dark material. And it was a further relief to see an incredibly vast trading area, and normal people.
