7.09 K
Page 16
Trey had once tried to ambush Teres with three chest-sized Sand Golems, which was the limit of his ability. They’d looked good, and she’d had trouble cutting them in half, even with her enchanted sword, but all they did was slow her down until she eventually hacked them to death. Flos had laughed his beard off with Mars at the scene.
Gazi had not been pleased, especially since Teres had gained [Shadow Cut] as her latest unique Skill. Orthenon and Gazi seemed to be competing through them on who could raise the best twin.
Trey was prepared to be berated by the Quarass, but she was mostly just intrigued.
“Your passion is your passion. And Sand Golems are not meant to replace wood, or stone, or any other material. Has Pathseeker informed you how best to use them?”
“Yeah. Blind people, make them engulf people or use them as shields—I can make a big one, but it’s really slow and it’s not useful at the moment. Um—use them as spies or to deliver things once I can see or control them at range—”
“As traps, buried in the ground. They have utility. But there are ways to make them stronger yet. To make sand harder.”
“Really?”
Trey looked up as one of his mini-Wyverns roared silently and charged a group of the brave sand-Drakes, recreating a scene from Pallass. Sand Golems were slow, but he was getting the trick of making them faster. The problem was they were so malleable. If they were hard, he was certain he could get them to run.
“Yes. I know of a few sand-based specializations. I will consider which one to attempt to give you. Now, for Pathseeker.”
The young man stared as the Quarass turned towards Gazi. The half-Gazer, Gazi Pathseeker, Named Adventurer and [Scout], turned in the midst of removing some grit from her armor.
“Me, Quarass?”
“Your [King] asked me if there was anything I could give you, half-Gazer. I promised him to try.”
The Quarass looked down her nose at Gazi. The half-Gazer bared her teeth.
“Well then. What would you like to know?”
“Your Level. And your exact class?”
Trey held his breath. He was beginning to understand just how much information like that mattered. Gazi stared for a long moment at the Quarass. Then she shifted.
“[War Scout]. Level 45. [Mage]. Level 12. [Silent Commander]. Level 18.”
Trey exhaled hard. Gazi looked at him with one eye.
“Least of the Seven. I told you, Trey.”
“But you’re level—”
“She has two low-level classes. I assume you hoped they would consolidate?”
The half-Gazer folded her arms, uncomfortable as Trey had known her.
“The [War Scout] class is a product of my [Infiltrator], [Fighter], [Rider], and [Archer] classes over time. But it has been so since Level 30. It is not…unique.”
She stopped, looking at the Quarass. The ruler of Germina pursed her lips.
“It is unusual. I know Mars is over Level 60. The other Seven…”
“Were all above Level 50. At least. More than that I will not say.”
Gazi bared her teeth. The Quarass nodded, her eyes flickering.
“I knew as much. But you—interesting. You should have gained a more powerful class by your deeds. You fought and slew your enemies in great number as your [King] rode to battle. I wonder.”
She stood up and paced back and forth, eying the half-Gazer. Trey had so many questions, but Gazi was waiting. At last, the Quarass came back and pointed.
“Your armor and blade. I heard a rumor of it. Several, and I have known of its durability in battle. Tell me, Pathseeker. Where did it come from?”
This time Gazi hesitated for a long while. The Quarass stared at her.
“We are allies now, Pathseeker. You have already given the ransom of queens away.”
