7.09 K
Page 27
They walked together, and he clung to the girl. Behind them walked Gazi, a shadow whose armored footsteps did not make any sound as she walked on the foreign ground. But the half-Gazer stood behind Trey, and he could continue forwards.
The tunnel was long to Trey, or they walked slowly at first. The delegation never moved. Before they reached the watchers, Trey heard a sound.
It was a quiet, humming song. The young man nearly stopped and fled, but the sound came from behind him. Gazi was quietly murmuring something, to the tune of a song.
 
“I met a traveller walking on a journey
We stopped where shadows met the sand,
He entered the tomb rotting and I held back
I saw him ever waving, but I never took his hand.”
 
The Quarass looked back. And the two dozen people of A’ctelios Salash shifted as Gazi’s song reached them. Trey heard laughter, and it was blessedly normal. Almost merry. He heard someone raise his voice in reply.
 
“We met two folk who stopped on a lonesome path
One entered full of willing, the other did not stay,
A single soul found comfort in our ancient home
He is one of many, and the other slipped away.”
 
The two parties met. And Trey saw two dozen people. Just people. Humans, like him.
It was such a shock. He had expected—well, he had expected abominations, twisted by the very thing that this city was built of. But here were people. Humans in every way. They wore long, leathery clothing, and the colors were all muted, all variations of dark red or browns or blacks, with purple hues or oranges—but never any colors like green or blue—and they looked…subterranean.
Not like the people of Ger, who wore freeing clothing. This was a pale group, who lived without sunlight. Not without light, for there was plenty of it in this place. Trey realized the whitish substance they’d walked on was responsible for the glow. Inside, the city of A’ctelios Salash was less bright, and mortal fire or magic lit things.
And the leaders of the city greeted them. The first was a man. He bowed, touching his finger and thumb just below his pale brown eyes.
“Quarass, I greet you and rejoice at your coming. The Dragonslayer of Ger lives again!”
“She lives again.”
The other murmured. They too bowed, copying the greeting. The Quarass inclined her head.
“Baosar Yeothrix. You have changed little since my last visit. I greet the people of A’ctelios Salash once more. I live again, and together we stand.”
“Together we stand. The Shield Kingdoms shall not fall.”
The two stepped forwards. Baosar was in his forties, perhaps. He had little grey, and pale he might be, but he was fairly hearty. He was so—so normal. Right up until he smiled and Trey saw points on his teeth.
His hand clasped the Quarass’ as Trey froze. Baosar turned and bowed.
“And I see one who knows the old visitor’s song.”
“I did not know A’ctelios sang a different one. I am Gazi Pathseeker.”
Baosar’s gaze sharpened and those behind him murmured once, repeating a name. Reim. But the leader of the Carven City only bowed as he offered a hand in greeting.
“We see the old choice differently, Lady Pathseeker. I greet you. Do you come on Reim’s business?”
Gazi did not take the proffered hand. She simply inclined her head, two of her four eyes on Baosar’s face.
“No. I escort the Quarass.”
“I see. And this one? A servant? Or a companion?”
