7.09 K
Page 39
The Quarass’ meeting with the other Shield Kingdoms. The King of Destruction at Jecrass. All of it was fake. Trey knew it, but he hadn’t known exactly why they had come. Now he did, and he saw the simplicity of it all.
For this, Flos Reimarch had given Gazi and Trey to the Quarass on her journey. For this, he had marched an army north, to distract the world’s eyes. For other reasons too, like the King of Destruction wanting a new horse, to level his army, so the Quarass could meet the others.
But this was a reason beyond all others. Gazi slowly sat in front of Sainath.
“My eye is wounded, [Formshaper]. I was told you might be able to heal it.”
“Ah.”
The old man sighed. His body shifted as he leaned forwards.
“I thought as much. Lady Pathseeker, is it? But I admit—I wondered. Rumors reach even A’ctelios Salash. But few think of my class. And I confess—I am not as skilled as some of my predecessors.”
He gestured at his body.
“My body is without flaw, but I keep my old skin to remind myself of what I am. Imperfect. So I warn you, Lady Pathseeker, I will do all in my power to aid you. But it may not be enough, and if I err—”
He paused, waiting. Gazi’s eyes locked on him, flickered to the Quarass. One looked at Trey.
“I am prepared to take that risk, [Formshaper].”
He nodded.
“Then, Lady Pathseeker, open your eye and show me your injury.”
Gazi paused. Trey, Sainath, even the Quarass edged around the table to see. Slowly, the half-Gazer opened her main eyelid, her huge central eye that Trey had never seen. He stared
And gasped.
“Gazi!”
The eyeball moved. Trey saw a dark pupil contract, slowly. Beautifully; her eye was many times his size. He saw the cornea move—and then saw the wound.
“Ah. Lady Pathseeker, you have been sorely wounded.”
Sainath’s sigh was different. He inspected the eye as it swung back towards him. He slowly bent forwards and Trey saw.
Gazi’s main eye was damaged. Trey had known it, had seen the weeping eyelid in the first few days when Gazi had returned—but he had never seen her eye itself. Gazi had opened it only once, to show Flos. She had kept it closed the rest of the time. Been crippled by its absence.
For she was Gazi the Omniscient, and her lesser four eyes were but a shadow of her main one. Now, Trey saw.
Gazi’s large, central eye was healed. It was—the eye was not deflated, or torn, or any of the things Trey had imagined. Even an eye could recover, it seemed. The whites were clear, in fact there were no red blood vessels in her eye, and it was able to rotate at will in her socket.
But the damage had come along the iris, the colored section of her eye. The color of Gazi’s main eye was yellow, but of a depth and scope even the Quarass’ eyes lacked.
Deep yellow in the center, but changing to blue and green and darker reds along the entire circumference. It was not one color, or even one pattern. It glowed, and the colors seemed to shift subtly as Trey watched. It should have been a perfect circle, followed by a black mote of a pupil in the center.
But it was not. Part of Gazi’s iris had—bled. A cracked line along the center of it indicated the old wound, and it had spilled out into the whites of her eyes. A scratch ran along her eye, and it had ruined—beauty.
Trey stared at Gazi and his heart hurt. Her eye was beautiful, but damaged. The Quarass simply nodded and stood back.
“Can you see, Lady Pathseeker?”
“Yes.”
Gazi’s voice was low, almost without emotion. But look into her eye, see her clenched hands. Trey dared not speak as Sainath leaned forwards. Gazi’s eye moved slightly—then held still.
