7.09 K
Page 44
Trey barely noticed. Gazi was helping him and while he was getting stronger with each step, his head still spun. People who saw him gasped, and stared.
The Quarass paid no mind to any of it. She walked calmly, past one of the descending stairwell and turned her head.
“A calm day. Quite pleasant, for a visit to A’ctelios Salash.”
Gazi and Trey glared at the Quarass. She ignored them. Trey had to stop for a second by one of the shafts. He raised a hand.
“Let me take one more video before we leave.”
Gazi waited as Trey fished out his iPhone. He turned it on, stared at his image in the video, and then gestured at his throat. There wasn’t even a scar, but blood had soaked his clothing.
“Hey, this is Trey. I just had my throat cut by the Quarass because she’s helping me. Also, Gazi met someone who helped her out. This is A’ctelios Salash, by the way.”
He angled the iPhone to the Quarass. She stared at him. And then Trey saw the same beast as he’d seen before, dragging a huge chunk of…meat…across the ground.
Literally just meat. A block of it, cut into a huge square. The beast was tethered with leather, made of this place. It was huffing, dragging the huge thing while some [Laborers] pushed. But as Trey filmed the Quarass, the creature raised what was its head and turned. It uttered another wailing sound.
Then it tore forwards, breaking the leather harness. It charged at Trey, tearing loose of its captors. The young man stared.
“Trey! Dodge!”
Gazi flung Trey to one side. She drew her sword and cut. Trey saw the Quarass lifting something, a flash—a scream. But the pakeil came on. It fell, skidding, and slammed into Trey.
He shouted, scrambling for his bag of holding. Out came the magical staff, and he shoved backwards. A magical arrow hit the pakeil as Gazi’s sword flashed again.
“Lady Pathseeker! Stop! It is stopped, stopped!”
Athal’s voice. Trey was on his feet, panting. He stared down at the fleshy beast of burden. It was bleeding red—Gazi had cut it twice, and the Quarass had put a scorched hole in its side. But it was still alive.
And it was still trying to get to Trey. He stared at it.
“Why did it charge him?”
The Quarass demanded sharply. Someone stammered an explanation. Trey backed away as Gazi looked around. Her central eyelid was closed once more, but her four eyes spun.
Blood ran down her blade.
Red blood.
Trey…paused. He didn’t expect red blood from a creature like this. But this was A’ctelios. Which had been built of a monster that had died in Chandrar and been buried. They ate it here. But whatever horror lurked in the Carven City, Trey had not seen it openly.
Oh, the buildings made of dried flesh and bone. The warnings about the food. The people with their teeth, the baby—but he had not seen it directly. Even this beast—Trey shuddered as it moved weakly. Even it was less horrific than what was unknown, what he feared. It just bled red, not green or yellow or black or whatever blood some eldritch thing would bleed.
Red, seeping around the layers of flesh staining the blue and black fabric—
Trey’s breath caught in his chest. Slowly, he stooped. Someone tried to stop him but Trey knocked the hands aside. He stared down at the…strap. Of fabric, caught in the layers of the pakeil’s body.
It was not the leather harness. It was something else. Trey pulled at it, ignoring the beast moving. He moved aside mottled flesh, his stomach heaving. But he had to know. His mind had a supposition. A piece of a story, if you imagined what might be in a place like this. And he had to—
