7.09 K
Page 37
That was all he said. He stood instantly when his Sapki left the gathering of rulers. Trey turned back, and then realized all four were breaking up. The Keeper swept towards the folk of Merreid—Baosar motioned and the people A’ctelios began to clear the tables of food.
“I am finished.”
The Quarass walked over to Gazi and Trey. The half-Gazer stood smoothly. Trey cricked his back and neck.
“So soon?”
He meant it as a joke, but he’d actually expected the meeting to take all day, behind closed doors with secret words and whatnot. But the Quarass just shook her head.
“We discussed most of what was needed quickly. The rest is unneeded. I have made my impression, and now we go. Should we waste each other’s time?”
“No, but—”
Trey shrugged. The Quarass sighed.
“We did not convene for any reason but for me to convince the Shield Kingdoms of what they had already set upon, and for me to present myself. If we convene for a more serious decision, it will be of note. Now, we return. This way.”
She led the other two apart as the other delegations began to depart. The Sapki and the Keeper both bade farewell to the Quarass, but Trey noticed neither promised an alliance. As they’d said, they were just going to watch for now.
“Fair-weather friends.”
The Quarass shrugged. She seemed contented by the results.
“The Shield Kingdoms of Chandrar are ancient. They must be political, to keep from being destroyed. I expected no more or less.”
“So, we’re going?”
Trey itched to be gone of A’ctelios. It was becoming too normal to him, and he had to remind himself of what it was. The Quarass looked at him.
“Not yet. Baosar.”
She nodded as the man swept back towards her. He gave a pointed smile.
“Ah, Quarass. I have summoned our finest expert which you requested. He awaits in a private room. Athal will show you the way.”
It was such a casual thing. The Quarass nodded and Trey nodded too, suppressing the leap in his chest. Gazi’s face was blank—she even looked bored as she nodded. And Athal led them to the private room with vague interest and nothing more.
“He awaits inside, Quarass. Tell me but when you are finished and I will take you elsewhere.”
He mouthed at Trey. And don’t take too long, please! The Quarass ignored him and the wink, and walked into the room. Gazi was next, and Trey followed.
 
—-
 
A man in a leather robe sat in a chair in the room, at a desk carved of bone. Trey’s first impression of him was of a rather hunched form—until he saw the man straighten. And then he gasped.
A wrinkled face and huge eyes stared at him. Unnaturally large eyes—larger than an eye should be. The man’s arms were long, sinewy. And his flesh was old.
He had hair, but it was long and tangled. The man looked dirty, and he smelled like the [Butcher]’s shop. But he was hale of body, even if his skin betrayed his age.
Unnaturally hale, in fact. As he stood and bowed, he had a fluidness of motion that Trey didn’t expect. He reminded Trey of Flos Reimarch, in fact.
The King of Destruction was in his forties, past his physical prime, but he had not one grey hair. He refused to let age touch him, in fact. He looked like he was a decade younger and he was in better shape than Trey and Teres combined.
In the same way, this man was probably in his eighties, but while he had grey hair and wrinkled skin, he had not a single liver spot, and his head was full of hair, not prone to balding. And his physique! It wasn’t that he had muscle. In fact, he wasn’t nearly as muscular as Flos. But he didn’t move with any hint of pain or wear on his body.
