7.09 K
Page 43
“It may be done. I have joined everything as seamlessly as I am able. I detect no flaw. However…your eye was new to me. I would caution you to work magic into it slowly. Carefully. Do you feel it is done, Lady Pathseeker?”
Gazi nodded. She slowly moved her eye, blinking.
“I think so, Sainath of A’ctelios. You have my utmost gratitude. Name your price.”
“What could you pay a child of A’ctelios, Pathseeker? Baosar will give me what I wish for.”
The old man smiled. Gazi hesitated, and then bowed. She stood up slowly, and her eye—her whole eye—swiveled in its socket.
Even Trey looked up from his fetal position to see it. Gazi’s eye looked whole, beautiful. But she seemed…nervous. The Quarass inspected her and nodded slowly.
“If I have succeeded, the King of Destruction is twice in my debt. Let us go and test Pathseeker’s eye later. Come, Trey Atwood. Now we leave.”
She swept towards the door. Trey didn’t move. Sainath stared at Trey and then hurried after the Quarass. Gazi looked at Trey. The young man was curled up.
“Trey.”
“I hate her.”
The half-Gazer walked over to Trey. She hesitated, and then knelt and put a hand on his shoulder.
“The Quarass is unkind.”
“You’re evil too. Sometimes.”
Trey was crying a bit. He’d died. He was sure of it. He had never felt that terrified, thinking the Quarass was killing him, betraying Gazi. He looked at her.
“Did you think—?”
“For a moment. I was worried for you. Had she let you die—I would have slain her. But I could not move. My eye—it was a perfect trap. If she had been false.”
The half-Gazer looked at Trey. She lowly reached down and took one bloody arm.
“Come, Trey Atwood.”
She helped him up. Trey leaned on her weakly as they followed the Quarass out of the room. His head was still spinning.
Outside, Athal stared at Trey’s blood-soaked clothing. The young man’s cheerfulness drained as he glanced between Gazi and the Quarass. He didn’t even notice the half-Gazer’s open eye.
“All went well? Baosar wished you to be availed of every courtesy, Quarass—”
“I am pleased. Inform Baosar I am soon departing. I would like to express my gratitude before leaving.”
The Quarass spoke brusquely. Athal bowed and practically ran away. It did Trey some good seeing how even A’ctelios’ people were nervous around the Quarass.
He’d forgotten what she was. Now, Trey remembered and glared at her. The Quarass looked back at him.
“It does not work if you are told exactly what will occur. Magic is part inspiration. You must learn it in the moment, or by ages of work.”
“I don’t care. I hate it. This isn’t worth it. Vaitsha doesn’t deserve to suffer like this either. You use people like—like pawns.”
She didn’t blink, just nodded.
“Yes. I pushed you, Trey Atwood. I maneuvered you. How else would you become strong? I have seen that few are strong enough to push themselves to their fullest potential.”
Trey opened and shut his mouth. He couldn’t do anything but glare. It was Gazi who spoke up in his place. Her central, healed eye focused on the Quarass.
“You make your subjects and allies strong, Quarass. But I wonder if you have forgotten what it means to be mortal.”
The Quarass’ lips thinned. She stared at Gazi, and then turned her back. Athal was coming back.
“Let us meet Baosar.”
She strode out of the meeting hall. Athal led them swiftly back, heading towards the eyes in the distance. As they went, they passed by shafts, circular stairwells leading deeper, past the first layer. Down from the head.
