7.10 K
Page 35
The [Steward]’s eyes flickered. And that said enough. Flos turned his head.
“Lead me there at once, Orthenon. Now.”
“Your Majesty—”
“Show me.”
 
—-
 
They had come far. A Gnoll tribe had indeed come south, through Belchan. But they had never made it to him.
This tribe had been beset before. They had buried their dead six times. But there was not a seventh time. Their attacker had come last night. And the fighting had been over, then.
A hundred-some Gnolls at most. An easy target, already worn by…trouble. Clashes. They had hoped for sanctuary. They had found only death.
The attackers had been quick. They had tried to take the Gnolls by surprise as night fell. But the battle had not been a smooth rout. Both sides had fallen. In the end, the attackers had fled, taking most of their dead with them.
Most, but not all. Teres saw the fallen horses, the bodies mixed with the fallen Gnolls. But most were Gnolls. She stared as the King of Destruction slowly dismounted from his horse.
The rest of the [Riders] stared. Some, like Orthenon and Mars looked as [Warriors], counting bodies, where they had fallen. But Teres stared as herself. She had seen the battlefield afterwards. But this had been Gnolls, seeking the King of Destruction. Non-warriors.
Kids.
Dark fur, matted with blood. They had fallen back again and again, in a narrowing circle. But they had been given no quarter.
They had all died. Adults and children. Even their pack-animals, the camels and mules had been slaughtered. All save one. Teres saw Lykesa pointing, Orthenon speaking. She couldn’t hear. Her eyes fell on a single figure, standing in the center of the bodies.
Perhaps they had left him as a message. Or perhaps they had left, rather than die. Because the young Gnoll was still alive. And he had a sling.
Just—just a sling. But it could throw a stone and kill an animal. Break a neck. Shatter bones.
He still stood there, the sling whirling. Someone called out a warning as Teres nearly approached. Two of the [Riders] that had gone with Orthenon were wounded.
“Your Majesty—”
The half-Giants were striding to keep up. But the young Gnoll didn’t seem to notice that these were different Humans, or the half-Giants. He had a blank look in his eyes. But his aim—
Flos Reimarch slowly took a step towards the Gnoll. And Teres saw he had white fur.
Pure white, like snow. But stained with dried blood. Flies buzzed around the battlefield.
Flos began to walk forwards. The Gnoll’s head moved slightly. A blur shot at Flos’ head.
Orthenon moved; the stone shattered in the air.
“My lord, the stones are dangerous. He’s killed at least two dozen—”
“Move. And stand back.”
The [Steward] looked at Flos. He opened his mouth and Flos turned his head. Silently, Orthenon fell back. Mars had dismounted. And Flos walked forwards.
 
—-
 
The young Gnoll was grown. And his sling whirled. He had stood there, defending the dead for nearly a day. He wasn’t thinking, not in any conscious way.
But he had his sling. And ammunition. It whirled. And anything he saw died.
But it had not been enough.
They were coming back. He could see them, on the horses. He waited.
His fur was white.
One of them began to walk towards the Gnoll. So the [Slinger] threw a stone. It shot towards the figure. The first time it was destroyed in midair. The figure kept walking. The young Gnoll fumbled. Loaded a stone with bloody paws.
The sling whirled.
