7.10 K
Page 20
The man’s voice was quiet. He alone did not wear his helmet; the rest of the Rustängmarder were lined up behind him, standing in perfect rows as they waited for any order. They were like machines. But they were not.
“[Death Soldiers]. Don’t poke fun at them, Teres. Although I doubt you could make them mad, I’d hate to see it. They’re good sports if you want company for a night, though. Brave sad lads. But they’ll find salvation with his Majesty. And I’d trade a hundred regular [Soldiers] for each one of them. Five hundred.”
Mars murmured to Teres as she led her over. Flos was nodding. He looked at the commander, Ytol. And his face was happy…and sorrowful.
“Ah, but you paid a heavy price to come here, Ytol. Were the rest of the Rustängmarder so angered as to demand it?”
He looked heavily at Ytol. And so did Teres. The [Death Commander] smiled. And he tried to bow, but he was unused to the crutch he leaned on. And of course, he had only one side of him to bow.
His right arm was gone. And his right eye. And his right leg. It was not an old injury, either. His limbs had been cut away last month, or so Teres had heard. When his company had marched to join the King of Destruction.
“Half for desertion, my [King]. That is always the price. I was only grateful it was I who bore my company’s sins. Otherwise we could not fight for you.”
The Rustängmarder stood silently behind Ytol. Flos bowed his head.
“But you came for me. And the Rustängmarder sent your company.”
The [Death Commander] shrugged. He had a bleak look in his eyes. Pitiless and empty, but when he looked at the King of Destruction…he smiled. And something in his eyes shifted.
“Desertion is desertion. But I would give up my other half to honor our oath. When our contract ends, we will all come. But it pained us to honor one vow and forsake the other. So. I above others was chosen for the honor.”
“The honor is mine.”
Flos Reimarch bowed slightly. The Rustängmarder moved. Ytol tried to bow lower. Flos Reimarch motioned, and turned to address Orthenon, Mars, Teres, and the others with him.
“We have one army, now. The makings of one that would make other nations tremble. Once, I had many such armies, each more fearsome than the last! I led my own, and each of my Seven had one to command, save for Drevish and Tottenval, and they had armies of [Builders] and [Farmers] in their way. Commander Ytol has my infantry. I have my Nomads and the Rustängmarder to break my foes. Serpent Hunt and Parasol Stroll, four divisions of elites.”
“And Orthenon with his pretty pony [Riders].”
Mars grinned. The [Steward] turned his head and gave her a flat look. The [Vanguard] winked as Flos laughed.
“And Orthenon’s fearsome cavalry, yes, Mars! I did not forget you! But this army—it will do.”
He gestured at the rest of the [Soldiers], who had disassembled all the camp by now.
“My [Soldiers]. Many are low-level. But I will have them all reach Level 10 soon. Just by marching here, they will level. And if I can recreate one of my units—the Ensorcelled Blades, the Mirage of Chandrar, or the Dreamers…”
“Then we could put up a fight.”
Mars agreed, her eyes shining as she shifted from foot to foot. Flos nodded.
“The pieces gather. But as I say, we need more magical arms, more specialized forces. I hope to march north and enter Medain. Mars, Orthenon and I could challenge a dungeon!”
“King Perric will never allow it, your Majesty.”
Orthenon murmured. Flos sighed.
