7.10 K
Page 26
“A…castle? Your Majesty? I do not understand.”
The Chieftain darted a quick glance at the other Chieftains, his eyes wide. Not daring to, but hoping. And the King of Destruction smiled. He stood from his throne.
“A castle indeed, Chieftain Nelrra. You desire land, but you should have something to defend. Unless Gnolls dislike structures that much? At least a city. I will allow your tribes to pick a spot in Hellios if you desire one; at least for your City Gnolls. Hellios, is, after all, a land of stoneworkers and they can create one quickly.”
The Gnolls in the tent stared. And Flos laughed. He descended the small dais, and approached Nelrra. The Gnoll looked at him; they were of a height. Flos Reimarch spoke.
“You ask for a boon you would pay for. Well, I say it is paid. You have given me a sight I had not dreamed of, Chieftain. Gnolls, who have come to Reim! You crossed an ocean—on a chance, a dream! For your people. I would reward that alone.”
He nodded at the other stunned Gnolls, and his voice rose, growing.
“For your bravery, Chieftain Nelrra of the Dustfur tribe, I will grant your people land. From the stone mountains of Hellios all the way south to Reim! Let no subject of Reim scorn your tribe or raise a hand against them in my kingdom! And—I will ensure this pact lives on longer than my lifespan alone.”
“Your Majesty?”
The Gnoll Chieftain looked unprepared for the sudden turn of events. Teres was staring but—she had expected this from the start. It was only Flos’ deliberations that had thrown her off. The King of Destruction gestured towards the tent flaps.
“The Quarass of Germina is an ally. As is Fetohep of Khelt, to some degree. I will prevail upon both for treaties allowing your tribe and all those who come to me access to Germina’s lands in perpetuity. Both will demand concessions, but they are both immortal rulers. Khelt and Germina will always harbor your people.”
“Your Majesty. You are giving us…land?”
“As much as can be spared. If I take other nations, I will add to them. But yes. Orthenon, bring me my maps! By nightfall, we will find a space for your people. And write your land by treaty and ink and law.”
The King of Destruction smiled. Teres saw the Gnolls staring, some tails beginning to wag. But Nelrra objected.
“Your Majesty. This is a gift too far. We wish to earn our land—”
The other two Chieftains looked like they wanted to kick him if they dared. But Flos just laughed.
“You have brought me a sight I dreamed of, Chieftain! And what is land to one such as I? My favor is not a petty thing, is it? Tell me, Mars, Orthenon! Is this the least of what I offer those who bring me dreams?”
He whirled. And his two vassals smiled. Mars called out, laughing at the Gnoll’s expressions.
“You showered gold on Tottenval for flowers, your Majesty! And he was our Beastkin, Tottenval, the Blooming Plague! You let Drevish build his damn cities like grass across Chandrar! They still stand and we’ll have a demon’s time retaking them.”
Orthenon bowed, smiling slightly in that way that Teres loved.
“Your Majesty once laid coastal roads across the east of Chandrar, from Seilk to Azan-avar. For a [Messenger] boy who ran the entire way through sand to bring you a missive. It still stands to this day, and the nations which trade plentifully now remember you still.”
“Yes! So witness, my vassals! You have heard my proclamation! And Chieftain Nelrra fears I am a petty [King]. But answer me this—will I ever break my word? Will I be forsworn?”
“No!”
