7.10 K
Page 7
They had been worn down from so many miles of travel. Apparently, they’d marched day and night to catch Flos before he started heading south and so the King of Destruction had ordered an audience to be held tomorrow. Now, Teres glanced at the camp. She saw a few of the Lizardfolk out and about—they were chatting to the [Soldiers] or other new recruits to the King of Destruction’s camp, looking very chipper. They were a social people.
But both the Lizardfolk and Gnolls were getting the stink eye from the [Cook]. Teres asked why and the woman leaned over.
“If they’re here to leech from his Majesty…I came from Nerrhavia’s Fallen myself, Lady Atwood. Short trip, no troubles. Some of the others who claim his Majesty’s grace, though—they’re criminals, or people trying to take his goodwill. His Majesty is generous. Too generous to some! I don’t know if you’ve heard, but Lord Orthenon and the others have had to deal with troublemakers in the new cities and settlements. Of course, Lord Orthenon gets rid of it the moment he appears, but…here’s two species who don’t belong to Chandrar.”
She nodded at the Gnoll tents and Lizardfolk. Teres blinked.
“But they could just be refugees.”
“Perhaps. But you hear about Lizardfolk and light fingers. As for Gnolls—half-wild. Strange folk, who raid and fight with Drakes. You know Drakes?”
“Vaguely. I saw the battle in Pallass.”
“They live in Izril. Very strange. But they’re descended from Dragons and that says enough. Warlike—and the Gnolls are the savages. Just you watch out for his Majesty, Lady Atwood. You and Lord Atwood and his Seven have to stay his mercy.”
Teres and Trey’s reputation among the King of Destruction’s people had solidified into them being something of advisors and aides to Flos, which wasn’t far off from the truth. Teres smiled a bit wanly.
“What about his wrath?”
The [Cook] clicked her tongue in dismay.
“His wrath? Even if this lot spat in his face he’d not but send them off with some gold and bread! Leave his wrath for his enemies. And that’s rare enough too. His Majesty laughs at enemy [Generals] most often. Have you seen him furious, Lady Atwood?”
“Only once or twice.”
Teres murmured. She remembered Flos after receiving Drevish’s head. Then she’d been afraid of him. The [Cook] nodded.
“When he wakes, no doubt we’ll see what these furry folk are made of. In the meantime–”
Some of the Lizardfolk were coming out of their tents for food. The [Cook] bade Teres farewell with a grimace.
Teres went off to have breakfast. She was just cleaning her plate with a last bit of bread and wondering if there had been too much steak for breakfast—although she’d actually lost a lot of weight since coming to this world—when Teres saw a commotion around the outer area of the camp.
This was not the [Soldier]’s section, but rather, an increasingly large area devoted to people who had come to enlist in Flos’ army, young people, old—not just caravans from afar, but people from Jecrass who had seen him passing by.
Most were just young glory seekers, and Teres had heard Mars and Orthenon both agreeing that it would be a surprise if a third of them stayed after a week of marching in the army. Still—even that would be a substantial addition.
And the armies of Reim kept growing with more and more of the King of Destruction’s people. Flos did not lack for an army; he only needed a high-level one, and the resources and arms to equip them.
