7.10 K
Page 38
Mars began. Flos looked at her and she went still. But the [King] just nodded slowly.
“Perhaps he did not.”
“Your Majesty.”
Another figure. Zamea’s voice. She bent.
“Belchan’s army, Lord Reimarch. They are coming. The six thousand who have shadowed us. They are going to stop Orthenon.”
“The army?”
Flos stirred. He paused, and then looked around.
“Mars. Bring them to me. Zamea, go with her.”
The [Vanguard] nodded. She strode into the distance. The half-Giant followed her. Teres heard distant sounds. But Sailt consumed her vision. He was just standing. Looking at Flos.
Waiting.
So was the [King]. The other Gnolls were looking among the dead. Howling in quiet grief. And crying. They cried the same way as Teres.
“Your Majesty, the villagers.”
Orthenon had returned. Several hundred people were being herded forwards by ranks of [Soldiers]. At the same time, amid shouting, Mars dragged a figure towards Flos. Zamea strode behind a few more.
“What is the meaning of this? We are Belchan’s—”
The [Commander] froze when he saw the carnage. Flos turned his head.
“The [Headman] of the village?”
“There.”
Orthenon pointed. A man was pushed forwards. Flos nodded. He turned his face and Teres saw something that terrified her. She worked her mouth.
“Your Majesty—”
He ignored her. Flos Reimarch was striding towards the [Commander], the [Headman]. She saw a group of Gnoll children, with white fur, staring around. Chieftain Nelrra saw them and broke into a run. So did the others.
But Sailt followed the King of Destruction. Watching. Teres felt something in her chest. She stared at Flos’ back.
“Your Majesty!”
He ignored her. Mars and Orthenon looked at Teres. She felt a hand on her shoulder.
“Lady Teres. It is unwise.”
Ulyse. The [Mage] was staring after Flos’ back. Teres looked at him. And then she ran forwards.
“Flos!”
He turned his head. Fixed Teres with a gaze. She hesitated.
In that moment if she had tried to plead with him, tried to stop him—but she did not. Slowly, the part of Teres that was still there, still able to think amid the pure howl of oblivion, spoke.
“Whatever you’re going to do, do it with this.”
She lifted the scrying mirror she’d snatched from Ulyse’s side. Flos Reimarch stared at it. Then at Teres. Slowly, he reached for it.
And nodded. He turned back silently. And the scrying mirror began to light up. Teres watched. Waiting.
 
—-
 
That evening, the world watched an important, world-changing announcement. Courtesy of Wistram Academy. They’d even sent [Message] spells, and everyone was watching.
Because it involved the King of Destruction and war. A’ctelios, Tombhome, the Carven City and Shield Kingdom of Chandrar had been attacked. The King of Destruction had violated his oath.
That was the line. It was one that, when uttered, would change the world. Wistram Academy had Noass and Sir Relz commentating, being the ones chosen to break the news.
They were having a hard time of it. The Wistram [Seer] who had rushed to A’ctelios was trying her best. But the people of A’ctelios were literally frothing at the mouth in parts. And they had sharp teeth.
She stood in the Carven City, trying not to show…everything. A representative of A’ctelios was raging at Noass, who was trying to unpack what had happened.
“—murdered Baosar!”
“Your leader. Yes, I think we have a—a picture of what’s happening.”
