7.10 K
Page 5
You might pay for it in the end. No, you would pay for it in the end, but for now, with a Wistram-quality scrying device or better, the broadcast was free. And the Archmages and Wistram’s Council were envisioning donations in exchange for airtime, multiple ways to gain financial revenue—
After all, commercials and such had not yet come to this world. However, there were a few hiccups.
Aaron Vanwell, also known as Blackmage, stood on a table, aiming a wand at his head. The tip glowed as he shouted. A group of [Mages] were all pointing at him, but he had the wand aimed at his temple.
“I’ll do it! Don’t make me do it!”
“Aaron, Aaron! Calm down! Dispel his magic if he casts. He’s not going to do it, right?”
Nailihuaile, the Archmage of the Revivalist faction, shouted up at the young man. Aaron stared down at her.
“I’ll blow my head off before I let you do it! No commercials!”
“Aaron, it’s a great idea—”
The young man pushed the wand towards his cheek. The other [Mages] all raised their hands. The Star Lamia Archmage waved her staff. She was nearly certain she could dispel his magic right now, but keeping the Earthers under her control and cooperative was important. You couldn’t cast mind-spells or charm spells on them all. It was inefficient!
“Aaron, stop this! We can talk!”
“I’ll blow my head off before pay-per-view exists in this world!”
The Lamia Archmage threw up her hands.
“Fine! We won’t do it! It was just an idea! Why is this such a problem anyways? Dead gods!”
She slithered away in a huff as Aaron relaxed. If this wasn’t the most important thing in the world, well, you had to have standards.
Exciting times.
 
—-
 
Angry [High Kings]. A worldwide broadcast. The ethics of television. All of this was happening, and the day was starting. But while all of it was happening elsewhere, with a remove of thousands of miles in some cases, it was all connected.
This world was slowly creating a web. Like Earth, people had discovered a way to influence each other even from incredible removes. It was true that a butterfly flapping its wings might have caused an earthquake before, but now the butterfly flapping its wings was captured in prime-time television with commentary and analysis on exactly how many earthquakes it was supposed to generate.
Was it good? Bad? It was happening either way. But Teresa Atwood couldn’t see the invisible lines being drawn across the world. As she woke up and stretched, exiting her private tent, she looked around in the King of Destruction’s camp. And her mind was focused on only one thing.
“Gnolls.”
Teresa, or Teres as she preferred to be called, walked through the King of Destruction’s camp the day after he’d slain a pack of Manticores. She yawned in the early morning, and looked around on a familiar sight.
Sixty thousand [Soldiers] were already disassembling the camp. Teres felt a bit guilty as she saw a group of [Soldiers] moving to her tent, but it was their job and she was rubbish at it herself. As always, the tidiness and efficiency of the entire camp astounded her.
But then—the army was being led by Orthenon and Flos Reimarch, both of whom had lived at least half of their lives on campaign. They could set up a defensible camp and all the necessary things in it from latrines to sentries in their sleep. Teres was learning some of the job, but Orthenon didn’t have time to teach her, and he had told her outright that she was to be the King of Destruction’s bodyguard, not a [Commander.]
