7.10 K
Page 21
“Well, Nerrhavia. Or—does Hellios have an old dungeon? That’s the easiest way of it. Germina and Hellios had decent artifacts, but I’d rather like a few more treasuries.”
“Just crush a few more kingdoms.”
Mars helpfully suggested. Flos grinned.
“We’ll have to have them declare war first. But that is for the future! I will decide where to march after I meet with our guests. The Gnolls. Are they on their feet, Orthenon? They were half-ragged from marching.”
“Their Chieftain is, my lord. Will you meet him now?”
Flos’ gaze sharpened.
“Yes. Yes, I believe I will. Have him meet me in a proper location. For an audience—Mars, you, of course. A small gathering. And Teres.”
He looked at her. Teres glanced up swiftly.
“You want me, Flos?”
Everyone reacted to her using the name. Orthenon frowned. The Rustängmarder’s heads slowly swiveled around and looked at her. Teres froze. But Flos just laughed.
“Of course! For a moment like this? Come, Teres. I only regret Trey isn’t here. But come. Let us find out why the Gnolls of Izril have come to my banner.”
 
—-
 
Teresa Atwood stood in a large tent. Flos Reimarch sat on a throne.
It was a portable throne, but it was still grand. The bags of holding and enchanted wagons could hold a finite number of items, but this was apparently as important as weapons or food.
And perhaps it was. For the King of Destruction had an audience. His vassals, Jelaim, Ulyse, Mars, Orthenon, all of his elite commanders and some of his high-ranking officers stood around the tent, listening to their [King]. Orthenon and Mars stood to either side of the King of Destruction.
And Teres stood next to Mars, on the left of Flos. Closer to the King of Destruction than Mars, in fact. She felt out of place. The air had that feeling to it, of weight. She did not belong. And yet—
She did. Flos wanted her here. And of those present, only she, Mars, and Orthenon gave voice to their thoughts. The rest were silent.
And the King of Destruction sat and looked at the Gnoll standing before him. The Gnoll was not alone; some of the other Chieftains and important Gnolls were gathered in the tent. But the one Gnoll in front, with russet hair and dye that turned the mane of hair around his head paler shades, was the one who spoke and answered.
There were also Lizardpeople standing and looking excitedly around, but they were not the focus. The Gnolls were. Both species had come seeking the King of Destruction’s grace. And found it. But the Gnolls…
Teres had heard the [Cook]’s comments about the Gnolls, but she’d put part of that aside to just distrust of outsiders, like how Nawal didn’t talk to men besides Trey and Flos and a few others. But she saw that estrangement was not limited to just the [Soldiers].
Flos’ vassals eyed the Gnolls warily. Not with fear; never that from Ytol or Jelaim or the others, but with a caution. They did not know these people. They did not know why they were here.
Neither did Flos, it seemed. The King of Destruction was staring at the Gnolls with interest.
“Chieftain Nelrra, of the Dustfur Tribe. I accept your greetings. And I greet the other tribes who have come with you. Lizard-friends of Baleros, you are welcome.”
He nodded to the Lizardfolk. One waved excitedly.
“Greetings, your Majesty! It is an honor to be here!”
Flos smiled.
“I have fought with Lizardfolk before. So I will address your people first. [Swamp Leader] Xeca, why do you come to Reim? Why do you call yourself my people, when you have never lived in Reim?”
