7.10 K
Page 23
“King of Destruction. I speak for the three tribes gathered here. I speak for the Gnolls yet to come, at least those of us whom I know travel for you. We ask to become part of Reim. To be your subjects. We crave the King of Destruction’s protection, and we will fight in your armies. But we desire what we hope you will offer: a place of our own that will be ours forever.”
The Gnolls nodded behind him. Flos’ eyes glittered and he sat up with interest.
“Succinctly put, Chieftain. Before I go further and ask the nature of this desire, let me ask a question first. Why me? I was told the Gnoll tribes stick together in Izril; few leave their homeland. There are more Gnoll [Pirates] on the seas than there are in Chandrar.”
He was asking the question of questions. Why were the Gnolls here? Nelrra bowed his head silently.
“It is true that Gnolls seldom leave our home, King Reimarch. But—the reasoning of our journey is not an easy one, no. May I explain as best I am able? I do not have the manners to speak as one might to a monarch, I regret to say.”
“Speak freely. I have never held grudge nor enmity over titles or address.”
Flos nodded. Nelrra seemed to relax slightly. He bowed his head again.
“To explain then, your Majesty. My tribe is small. We are not a great number; in fact, those you see here are part of three other small tribes all joined together. And we are…tired. That is the best way I can say it, yes?”
He looked behind him for a second and the other two Chieftains, one male, one female, nodded slowly. Flos paused.
“Tired?”
“Yes, King Reimarch. We weary of Izril, of our conflicts with the Drakes.”
A soft growl from the female Chieftain. She bowed, and all eyes turned towards her. Flos looked at Orthenon.
“I did not know the Gnolls and Drakes fought so. I know of their bitter wars in the past, but I thought the Humans of the north and Antinium were enemies enough.”
“Perhaps they are. And perhaps this is peace, your Majesty. But it is a bitter peace and even without war, our species clash.”
Chieftain Nelrra bowed his head. He shook it slightly.
“How can I explain it? Only to say that not all Drake cities fight with the tribes. Some live in harmony, but they are rare indeed. There are City Gnolls who live among the Drakes. And yet—there are no Gnoll cities. The strength of the Gnolls lies in the tribes, who wander Izril’s plains and the continent. And the tribes fight with Drake cities.”
“Land conflicts?”
The Gnolls paused. Nelrra shook his head.
“Not always. We are accused of thievery. We fight each other over feuds and grudges from ages past.”
“Ah. So you come here because you weary of such conflicts. I begin to understand. But such a long ways? Chandrar has its own share of woes. And you know who I am. Reim will not be peaceful.”
The King of Destruction raised both brows, and Nelrra nodded. He had a walking staff; he was apparently a [Shaman] as well as a [Chieftain], and he leaned on that now.
“We know what this journey will bring us, your Majesty. And it has been a long one. More difficult than I expected, and my tribe and I prepared for a painful voyage. And Chandrar is foreign, unfamiliar.”
“Difficult.”
One of the Gnolls murmured. There was a stir from around the tent. They weren’t exactly making friends with that comment, Teres thought. But then she heard a quiet rumble.
