7.10 K
Page 12
“No, no. I like Griffins and Wyverns more. If you have the chance, get me some of them. They’re probably worse than Nightsteeds to ride, but the oasis you don’t know always looks better than the one you do, eh? Teres, how would you word that where you come from?”
He turned to Teres, eagerly. And she felt that surreal feeling—the [King] was including her in everything. His Seven, the leaders of his army—and she was always with him. Nawal gave Teres a wide-eyed stare as the young woman fumbled for an appropriate expression from Earth.
“…The grass is always greener on the other side?”
Flos threw back his head and barked a laugh.
“Hah! That’s far too mundane. How disappointing.”
He paused to take another bite.
“And Nawalishifra, I greet you.”
“I greet you, King of Destruction.”
The young woman practically folded herself over. Flos saw the parchment she was drawing on.
“Ah, my Naq-Alrama weapon! I regret that I asked you to make so many steel blades so that they could be enchanted.”
“It was my privilege, your exalted Majesty. And the Naq-Alrama steel requires the right positioning of the moons to be forged. It will take long, but I am designing one to fit your hands, if you will allow this humble [Smith] to follow you about.”
Flos nodded.
“Custom-made. I’ve had a few blades made, but I heard Tannousin smiths forge to the wielder. What did you have in mind? Orthenon, is there anywhere to sit?”
“At once, sire.”
Teres saw chairs appear as if by magic. There was even one for Nawal and her as Flos sat, breakfasting with good humor. Nawal declined to sit; she stood before the King of Destruction, nervous as could be. She gave him no rough side of her tongue.
“What needs to be decided for my weapon, Nawalishifra? Ask any questions you may have; the Gnolls are still rising. Orthenon, prevail on their Chieftain to wait if he is awake.”
The [Steward] vanished as Nawal stammered a reply.
“Your exaltedness, I have been considering the best form for the Naq-Alrama steel. There are many forms your weapon may take, and not just a blade. I had considered a hammer, or a longer weapon—”
Flos interrupted her with a shake of his head.
“No hammers. What sort of [King] wields a hammer? Far too unwieldy. I prefer swords. Polearms are too long in the fray of things, and axes—well, I know swords. Isn’t a normal longsword good enough?”
He looked at Nawal. She caught herself—even her awe over the King of Destruction couldn’t diminish her pride as a [Blacksmith].
“The process, it is not that simple. It is about weight, and durability, your great and terrible Majesty.”
Flos frowned, and Nawal went silent at once. The [King] raised one hand.
“Call me King Reimarch if you must, Nawalishifra Tannousin. Or ‘your Majesty’ will do. No other titles. What is this about durability? I thought Naq-Alrama steel…tell me.”
She bowed again. Teres settled back, listening as Nawal collected her thoughts.
“I regret that I am an unworthy [Smith], but I must tell your Highness of the blade I am attempting to make. I will forge it true of Naq-Alrama steel, without alloy or infusion of other metals. However, even Naq-Alrama steel has limits, your Majesty. And—I am sure you know of its qualities?”
Flos’ eyes glittered as he took another bite. He chewed and swallowed, nodding.
“Near-unbreakable durability, the ability to hold magic and the innate power to pierce magical enchantments? The metal unworked turns solid in the daylight, doesn’t it? Which is why it’s so hard to forge.”
