7.10 K
Page 25
“I heard a rumor, when you first conquered Chandrar and sailed north to Izril. A rumor that you would shelter any species, any people who declared for you. No matter whom they might be. That any species was treated as equals, Selphids, half-breeds, any. Not just treated so; that they could rise to become one of your Seven.”
“Go on.”
The Gnoll bowed his head slightly.
“It is true. I would not have dared it on a rumor, or even a memory. But I had hope. Proof, as did the other Chieftains. The Garuda.”
“Ah.”
The room changed. Flos sighed, and the Garuda [Captain] raised his head. The King of Destruction sighed, slowly. Mars and Orthenon both paused and nodded. Teres didn’t understand.
Flos seemed to sense it. He turned his head and addressed Teres and the room.
“Teres is my aid, Chieftain Nelrra. A companion, but she is as foreign to Chandrar as you. Permit me to explain. Teres, the Garuda are another nomadic species, treated like barbarians by many. Tribal barbarians. The Centaur are a third such race, but they have settled their cities in Baleros, and have a Great Company. The Garuda have few cities like Qualvekkaras; most live in nomadic tribes to this day.”
“And they’re like the Gnolls?”
A light went on inside Teres’ head. Flos Reimarch turned his head.
“So it appears the Gnolls believe. But I wonder if Takhatres would say the same?”
He glanced at his [Captain], but Nelrra went on.
“There is another reason, King Reimarch. You raised not just a Garuda to one of your trusted Seven. But another.”
This time the room fell silent. Mars and Orthenon looked at Flos. And the King of Destruction closed his eyes.
“Of course. Tottenval. My [Gardener].”
Nelrra nodded, cautiously. The air was heavier around Flos. He did not open his eyes.
“He was…Beastkin. But I heard a rumor that he looked…”
The [King] raised a hand. Nelrra felt silent. Flos nodded as he opened his eyes and they were distant, sad.
“He had some Gnollish blood in him, or so he claimed. He was a Beastkin of the Fox Tribe. A gentle, merry soul. A prankster, my old friend. I still owe his people a debt. He died at sea and saved my life.”
No one spoke in the tent. Above, the half-Giants nodded silently. Orthenon and Mars stood heavily, weighed down by the past. At last, Flos spoke.
“So, the Gnolls desire land, is it?”
“A place to call our own. Where we will not be exiled from. Yes, King of Destruction. That is what we ask. We will pay for the land with our blood. We will fight in your armies and defend your kingdom. But we do ask it.”
Cautiously, Nelrra raised his head. The King of Destruction sat there, looking at the Gnolls. Then he nodded. His voice lost its heavy air, and grew…conversational, quicker.
“Hm. I am having trouble deciding on it. Reim has a few oases, but they are only able to sustain so many. Hellios is more plentiful, and Germina is dry. So—Hellios. But it would be easier if I’d conquered Jecrass. They have rivers and plenty, and I think your tribes would enjoy it more. Well, for the future that may be so. But for now? Hellios.”
The Gnolls stirred, uncertainly. Teres felt a flutter in her chest. Flos pondered.
“Land in Hellios, by a river, perhaps. Do you want a castle? I have stone from Hellios in profusion. Reim is already being restored, as are the roads. Germina is constructing two new cities for my people, but castles are simple enough. Drevish—”
He paused, and his face grew still a second. Then he shook his head briskly.
“Ah. Well, I can still have a castle built within a few months. Even if they will be inelegant things compared to his works.”
