7.10 K
Page 29
“You did mention. So that’s what it’s supposed to look like? Hmf, I had imagined it differently. Well, why don’t you hold onto this? Tell me if there’s something of actual interest to see! I care little for seeing Rhir; unless the Demons attack!”
He handed the scrying mirror to Teres. She blinked as Flos went back to the table with the maps on it. She stared at the mirror.
“—truly, awe-inspiring. But then I have a thing for walls, Sir Relz. Now, I think our next broadcast will be of the nation of Ailendamus. Again. But they are a very powerful, very uh, generous nation or so it seems. I believe their [King] is going on a parade of sorts, and one has to see all the grandeurs—”
“I will take it, Lady Atwood.”
Mirin offered quietly. The second-in-command of Parasol Stroll accepted the mirror. Teres wandered back to Flos.
“Castles. Drevish could have made an excellent one, but—Orthenon, do we have some of his older blueprints? His designs? Let’s let the Chieftains look at some. He made hundreds he never built. We may discuss it later. For now—”
Flos was letting the Gnolls communicate the good news to their tribes. They hurried out of the tents and he smiled. Then he turned to Teres.
“Ah, what a glorious day! And to think I had such a poor night!”
“Too much drink, my lord?”
Flos paused. He looked at Teres; the war council was clearing out. It was midday after all and they were in Belchan’s lands. They’d have to go north, or more likely, south, and find another kingdom to bother or enter.
“Slightly that, Teres. Age doesn’t help with celebrations. But I think it was something else. Still, I am in a good mood. You do not look as happy.”
“What? No, I’m fine. I just wish Trey could have seen the Gnolls too. He’d have enjoyed it.”
Teres shifted from foot to foot. Flos smiled.
“Missing your brother, Teres?”
“Just a bit. Are you sure he’ll be fine? You said A’ctelios is messed up.”
Flos had indeed told her about the horrible city carved out of a dead thing. Teres thought it sounded a bit like Cthulhu or something, but—it was probably not. Right? Trey had promised to take videos, anyways. She was also a tiny bit worried about him since he could be a right idiot. But the King of Destruction was reassuringly relaxed.
“Teres, if Gazi and the Quarass cannot keep Trey safe, I doubt I could. Moreover, Trey is a quite diplomatic sort. He’ll keep out of trouble. I would hesitate to send you, though.”
Teres blushed, annoyed because Flos was right. She didn’t like anyone ordering her around, by and large. But her encounter with Fetohep and Zamea had proven that backchat was sometimes unwise.
“Well, he’ll be back in two days, right? He’s on his way back if they did everything well.”
“Indeed. I received a [Message] from the Quarass informing me that Gazi’s eye was healed. Which was magnificent news! We weren’t sure if a powerful healing potion would affect her eye. But the Quarass also mentioned serious complications—well, we shall see.”
Flos shrugged. Teres didn’t like the sound of that, but Trey seemed to be alive, at least. Flos grew pensive and she looked sidelong at him.
“Are you still hung over?”
He started, and then laughed. But his exuberance with the Gnolls had faded remarkably quick. Flos seemed…troubled. He motioned Teres back to the throne and sat down in it, slowly.
“I have been sleeping poorly, Teres. And I do not know why. But something in me told me to come north, rather than anywhere else. I thought yesterday it was to meet my subjects. But I feel that is only part of it.”
“What else is there?”
