7.10 K
Page 24
Zamea and some of the half-Giants sitting around the tent were laughing. There was a hole open to the skies and Teres caught sight of the Shepherd’s smile. The Gnolls stared up for a moment. Teres felt a chill. They were literally standing in the shadow of giants.
“Zamea, you’re blocking the sun.”
Flos Reimarch smiled. The darkness grew light again. He motioned at Nelrra.
“All you say is true. Chandrar is a harsh land.”
The Chieftain nodded. He went on, staring around. He, like the other Gnolls, had dust in his fur. It had to be hell with all that sand.
“This land grows too hot and too cold by turns, and there is not enough to eat. Water is scarce. And I dislike sand.”
“Because it’s coarse and rough and it gets everywhere?”
Teres couldn’t help it. She really couldn’t. Flos stirred and looked at her.
“Teres.”
She fell silent. Chieftain Nelrra nodded, unsmiling.
“Yes, Miss Human. Especially in the fur. As I say, this land is harsh, and our journey long. But, King of Destruction, we feel it is still better. Because we are so tired of Izril. Even if there is war, even if we must fight, this land of sand could be our home.”
He gestured around.
“It would be better than Izril, even with all I have said, yes? Better than Drakes. King Reimarch, I say to you this: my tribe and I agreed, the other tribes who have come agreed. Better to live with sand in the fur than to fight and clash with an enemy who hates our very existence. Better than to be sold to slavers, or hunted like dogs. We are not dogs.”
His eyes flashed. The King of Destruction went still.
“Of course. Is it that bad on Izril?”
Nelrra shrugged, slowly, then shook his head.
“Perhaps not. But as I say, I am tired of clashing with Drakes. Tired of being told where we can and cannot go. It is not terrible always, sometimes not for long periods. But a small tribe is a target, especially from some Drake cities. We…are too weak to pull ourselves from the pit from which we hang. And too tired, too tired of death to rage against the Drakes like other tribes, like the Woven Bladegrass tribe and others.”
“Tired. I understand, Chieftain Nelrra. So you speak for three tribes. Are there more?”
The [Chieftain] nodded slowly.
“We come to you, dozens of smaller Tribes, and those worn by living in Izril for the hope you will take us under your protection. My group was first, but I know of at least six other tribes making their way to you. Most of them small, like mine. We are willing to work, to serve. But we crave your shield.”
Teres waited, but the King of Destruction didn’t have a quick response. In this moment, he was slow, pondering, and he had the weight of his crown on his head, for all he didn’t wear it.
“I see. Before I respond to you, Chieftain, clarify one thing for me. Again, I ask: why me? Surely there is more bountiful land in Chandrar, or opportunity in Baleros. Again, why the King of Destruction, who would make war?”
The Gnolls stirred. Chieftain Nelrra’s head rose slowly.
“To answer that, King of Destruction? What other nation would welcome Gnolls with open arms? I can think of almost none, and few would allow us the same rights as the native peoples. But Flos Reimarch is different, or so I believed.”
He lifted one paw and pointed. Not at Flos, or Mars, or Orthenon, but at one of the Garuda [Captains] along the wall.
