7.10 K
Page 15
“Well spotted, Nawalishifra. And yes, Teres, Jelaim. I am strong. Strong enough that I’ve broken even magical blades not enchanted for durability before.”
Flos tossed the blade to Ulyse. The [Mage] stopped it in midair rather than catch it as he dispelled the enchantment. Flos caught Teres looking at him.
“What? It’s just a Skill, Teres.”
“But even Mars—”
The [Vanguard] paused as she drank. She scowled at Teres.
“I’m strong enough! But my lord is stronger yet. Stronger than all of his Seven, actually. There was a time when Orthenon or I could beat him by strength alone—not anymore.”
All eyes turned to the King of Destruction. He shrugged, lightly.
“I am a [King], Teres. What would I be if I wasn’t strong enough to fight with my champions in battle?”
“But you said you couldn’t beat a Level 30 [Geomancer]! You said you were only as strong as a Gold-rank adventurer!”
The [King] laughed.
“I am. Without artifacts? Any good Gold-rank would tie me up in knots if they prepared well! I can’t deal with illusions well, or dodge [Fireballs] with ease. I hate wall spells, mental attacks—”
“Flying bastards.”
Mars chimed in. Flos nodded.
“—But I am strong. Still, that’s all. Now I have a belt, armor, a shield, a sword, these rings—but I lack for true artifacts. And without such weapons, Mars or Orthenon are still stronger than I. Gazi and Takhatres too.”
He nodded around, and Teres saw some of the others shaking their heads, denying his modesty. Then she heard a sound, a booming voice that made her bones rumble.
“He says that, but he’s stronger than all but a few of the half-Giants, Teres. Ask him why.”
Teres saw a shadow fall across the gathering. And she looked up and up.
And she saw a half-Giant.
Zamea, the Shepherd of the Nomads of the Sky, leader of her group of half-Giants was an absolute unit. And that unit was ten meters high. Thirty feet for anyone with weird metrics. She towered over…everything. Where she walked, the ground trembled. And her voice, even a quiet whisper, was like listening to distant thunder.
“Zamea! Good morning to you!”
Flos laughed and extended his arms in welcome. The half-Giant smiled.
“King of Destruction. I hear we are talking about blades. May I join you?”
She sat, cross-legged, but still rose above the others. Nawal stared up, wide-eyed, and bowed to the half-Giant, as did many others. Flos just laughed.
“You want a blade, Zamea? I won’t pay for one of Naq-Alrama steel for you! But perhaps we can make one like your axes!”
He nodded to her and the half-Giant smiled. Zamea carried a huge, ancient axe made out of steel. Just steel; it was so notched and worn that even with her care, it was old. But who could make a blade for a half-Giant? It was larger than Teres!
“What do we speak about?”
“Strength! Apparently I’m a fair bit stronger than I was when I was young! Could you swing a blade weighing fifteen pounds, Zamea? That’s heavy for the smallfolk.”
The half-Giantess laughed. She was tallest of her kin and her axe, when she drew it, was so heavy no one could lift it, even if they could have somehow managed the huge handle. Flos could push it up with one arm, but he’d have been a literal cartoon, lifting the handle with both arms wrapped around it.
“Weight matters, but there are no half-Giant [Smiths] among the Nomads, King Reimarch! Nor enough ore! But you alone could wield a blade as heavy as we use.”
“Perhaps. Perhaps.”
Flos turned back to Nawal and Teres. This conversation had become a thing. But again, the [King] treated it as if it were a light discussion. He sat back down as Teres pointed at him.
