7.10 K
Page 9
By way of answer, all the [Soldiers] and the [Captain] pointed to the young woman with the rapier. She bowed, respectfully. Mars was hardly Orthenon or Gazi, who had a presence and always their own source of dignity.
But then again—Mars didn’t need that. She was the King’s Champion, a [Vanguard] who stood at the head of every battle. Teres had seen her fight a few times, and nothing had ever even seemed to slow Mars the Illusionist when she charged.
“She rode in fast, Lady Mars. And she’s demanding to see his Majesty, along with the others. She asked Lady Atwood for a duel.”
“A duel? Reminds me of the old days! A few people used to meet my lord that way—I think Orthenon did it! Fought his way past everyone and he and I were going at it when his Majesty wanted to see what the fuss was!”
Mars chuckled as she cracked her neck. She eyed Teres, a glint of amusement in her eyes. Mars was like an older sister in how she treated Teres and Trey. One who would also hand them a jug of wine if they so much as coughed.
“How about it, Teres? Want to duel? Then again—”
She eyed the young woman and then Teres.
“—Better not. Orthenon hasn’t gotten you up to par yet with your sword training. And his Majesty would kill me if you got stabbed.”
Teres blushed as all the other eyes turned to her. The young woman with the rapier gaped at the mention of the King’s Steward. Teres wanted to deny Mars, but the [Vanguard] was looking the young woman up and down. Which probably meant she wasn’t a nobody.
“No one sees his Majesty.”
The [Captain] declared, trying to take control of the situation. Mars folded her arms, smiling. And the young woman, breathing heavily, hesitated—and then pointed at Mars.
“Mars the Illusionist! I—I challenge you to a duel! If I duel you for a minute, allow me to see his Majesty!”
The crowd and [Soldiers] fell silent. Teres blinked. Then the [Soldiers] all erupted into gales of laughter. The young woman turned even redder, but Mars just threw back her head and guffawed for a second. Then she waved for silence.
“Quiet, you lot! Quiet!”
Her words silenced the [Soldiers]. Teres saw more of the camp not at work drifting over. Mars stood with the dry wind blowing her hair. And when she smiled, head tilted just so, she looked like a hero out of the stories, real enough to stand with the King of Destruction. Everyone stared at her as she looked at the young woman.
“Sounds like fun. Alright, go ahead.”
“Lady Mars!”
The [Captain] shut up as Mars looked at him.
“In the old days, anyone who could defeat the King of Destruction’s vassals or even give us a worthy fight was allowed to see my lord Flos. Let’s give her a chance. For the old days.”
There was an excited murmur. The young woman flushed with anticipation as everyone backed up. She reached for her foil—
And then looked up.
Mars with her illusion was tall, and she strode over to the young woman. She smiled down at her.
“But you will be fighting me. For one minute. Do you know who I am?”
She raised one fist, clenching it. And the [Soldiers] and crowd shouted.
“Mars the Illusionist!”
The thunderous cheer roused the rest of the camp. A huge crowd was drawn in moments, and the two women stood in the circle. Mars winced, rubbing at her head, and the young woman breathed heavily, taking a stance. She aimed the tip of her blade at Mars’ chest.
“I know who you are. Draw your blade, Illusionist.”
