7.10 K
Page 22
The Lizardman who had led the thousands of Lizardfolk through Jecrass bowed slightly. He had a brilliant, rainbow-colored set of scales, minus a few colors, but he was more vibrant than anyone but a Garuda in color. His neck-frills opened slightly as he bowed lower.
“Your Majesty! We came because we wanted to see the King of Destruction ourselves! Baleros is overfull and the jungles flow with blood. And there are flies and swamp monsters. We heard there was work in Reim, that you treated all species fairly! Some of us have come to fight under your banners, or to live here! But mostly—we came here because we wanted to see.”
“See?”
Flos looked at Xeca. The Lizardman nodded.
“Yes. To see the mightiest [King] in the world! That is what they call you! We are all Lizardfolk, Highness. Purely Lizardfolk; not a Naga among us! But I think if we follow you, we can become what we were meant to be.”
“Ah. Curiosity drives you.”
“And ambition. Milord, Lizardfolk are cunning fighters. And their other forms, Naga, Gorgons, Medusae and their other forms are powerful. They might struggle in the sands, but they’ll be an asset when we fight along the coasts.”
Mars murmured. She was nodding as she looked at the Lizardfolk. Some of them were whispering and pointing at her, delighted to be in her presence. They were disarmingly friendly. And yet—Xeca had a gleam in his eyes. And Flos had much the same look.
“I can respect both ambition and curiosity. And Reim will welcome any number of Lizardfolk, [Swamp Leader]. There is no need for me to decide further; your people will have a welcome place in my army. Orthenon, find all those who do not wish to fight a space in my cities. Along the water, I think. But they are welcome indeed.”
“Thank you, sire!”
Xeca bowed and the Lizardfolk burst into an excited chatter. Teres distinctly heard one of them speaking.
“I told you this was a good idea! Wait till I send a [Message] back home—”
“Silence.”
Orthenon spoke, and the Lizardfolk fell silent. They gaped up at him and then bowed and retreated. The [Steward] motioned.
“Chieftain Nelrra, step forwards.”
The Gnoll did so. He knelt, until Flos bade him to rise. The King of Destruction took longer just studying the Gnoll [Chieftain] than he had speaking with the Lizardfolk. When he did speak, it was with a hint of confusion.
“Chieftain Nelrra, you have led three tribes to me. From Izril, which I understand is as far as Baleros. And yet—your presence is more curious than that of the Lizardfolk. They joined my armies in small numbers in my first conquest of Chandrar. I know them, and I even know that I may give some of them what they seek, the opportunity to change their form.”
The Lizardpeople stirred excitedly, but one look from Orthenon quelled them. Flos went on, his head never moving as he stared at Nelrra.
“But the Gnolls of Izril are foreign to me. Not unknown; I have known members of your species. And yet—I never conquered Izril. I have no strong bonds with any one tribe. You are welcome guests of course, but you have come through Jecrass seeking my name. I ask you why.”
The Chieftain paused, and then spoke in a low, growling voice. Teres stared at him, fascinated, as Chieftain Nelrra raised his head and met the King of Destruction’s eyes. It might have been an affront to any other monarch, but the Gnoll met Flos’ gaze steadily.
Pride. The Gnolls were sniffing the air surreptitiously. And they looked weary from their travel. But they stood in front of the King of Destruction with as much pride as the vassals arranged around the room.
