7.10 K
Page 18
She pointed. And in the distance, Teres saw some of the other half-Giants near Zamea’s size. Some were ‘only’ sixteen feet tall. But they had a separate camp away from the smallfolk, and they were visible from a distance.
A pair of young half-Giants had risen. They were playing a game in the morning. Two of them were laughing and one young twenty-foot male tossed what was a throwing axe for him towards another half-Giant his size. The other caught it without fear; their skin was tough. But no one besides them dared get near.
The sight was terrifying. Teres imagined what would happen if they slipped and the axe went flying towards…well, a smallfolk. She looked at Zamea and saw the half-Giant pointing.
Some other half-Giants were walking around the camp, the shortest ones, who were nine feet or more. And Teres saw what Zamea meant about caution.
They were not careless, but they weren’t careful either. They didn’t walk like a friend Teres had known back home, who was a tall bloke who was always careful about bumping into people. The Nomads of the Sky strode about freely, and people navigated around them with care.
“Sometimes we take in our kin from afar. And they walk like mice. The Nomads must teach them to walk with pride. But then—they believe the lies of the smallfolk. That we are all the same height deep down.”
Zamea sighed. Teres looked up at her and couldn’t help it.
“But we are all like that, aren’t we, Zamea? We’re all people, right?”
The half-Giant stared down at Teres. Then she laughed like slow thunder.
“You do it too. Look at me. Do you say our lives are equal, little Teres?”
She leaned down. Teres was smaller than her head. The half-Giant grinned at Teres, showing huge teeth. Teres tried not to step back.
“We’re not the same. I’m not saying that. But deep down—fundamentally—we’re all people, right?”
She was trying to think of some philosophy, but the huge half-Giant woman was distracting her by being—there. Yet, Teres thought she was right. Each person was a person. You couldn’t measure a soul by appearance. And yet, Zamea chuckled at Teres’ notions.
“Yes. Smallfolk say that. As if there is no difference between us when all else is stripped away. But look—”
She stood. And Teres gazed upwards and the smallfolk in the camp, all of them, stopped and stared. A thirty-foot half-Giant leaned down. And one of her hands plucked Teres off the ground.
“Wait—”
Teres bit off a scream as she rose, incredibly fast. The hand was so gentle—but it held her with absolute control. Zamea lifted Teres up, opened her other palm, and deposited Teres there. She raised her to mouth-level and spoke.
“I am one of the last of my kind. The Nomads are one of the last of the tallfolk, and the most numerous. And we number but hundreds. Look at me. My blood is that of giants. You could walk across the world and find so few like me—while your people are like dust, everywhere. Who is worth more? Who is more significant?”
Just the sight of her mouth opening, the dizzying height, and the tremendous words and rumble made Teres faint. She opened and closed her mouth, pale. This was a child of giants. And Zamea was half—
Imagine what they had been like. Striding across the world. One of them could destroy a city. Teres tried to argue, but her knees shook and she sat down.
Gently, one finger rubbed Teres’ head, like she might rub a little mouse’s head if she had a pet, or a doll. So carefully, as not to break her. Teres cringed as Zamea smiled. And she looked down on Teres.
