7.10 K
Page 28
“[Bandits] on the road. And some places refused to harbor us. The journey was mostly smooth under your name, but there were setbacks.”
Flos frowned deeply.
“Where did they occur?”
“Mostly after landing. The nation we came to—it was Medain? The [King] did not wish us there long and we had a difficult time gathering supplies. When we came to Jecrass, all was well. Their [King] allowed us supplies and we were escorted.”
“A good land. Many horses.”
The female Chieftain murmured. The other Gnolls agreed. Flos frowned deeply.
“King Raelt is a good man; I have heard his people gave succor to those travelling through. I do owe him my gratitude, and I shall not forget it. There have been incidents from Nerrhavia, but mostly among the Hemp who have left their homes to come to me. But—Medain. I know their [King]…I think. Orthenon, his name?”
“Perric, my lord.”
Flos snapped his fingers.
“Ah, yes. He was a brat when I conquered Chandrar. They say he is a halfway powerful [King], but I wonder. He was an adventurer, wasn’t he?”
“He detests you, milord.”
“He does? Was I particularly vengeful in conquering Medain? No? Well, I assume he has his reasons. But I will demand my people be given respect.”
Flos’ eyes glinted. Then he turned to Teres.
“Teres, come here. Chieftains, this is my companion, Teres. She is not one of my Seven, but her knowledge and perspective entertains me. Teres, I am sure you have questions! Ask! Now, about this river…”
Teres found three tall Gnolls looking down on her. She was tall for her age and gender, but they were Gnolls. The female one growled a greeting and introduced herself.
“I am Lessha, of the Gembows Tribe. I greet you, Lady Teres.”
“Just call me Teres, please. Um…can I ask about your people? I mean, if it’s not offensive.”
The Gnolls smiled, baring their teeth.
“It is better to hear someone asking to ask than not at all. Refreshing. Ask away, Miss Teres. We have many questions of our own.”
Teres found herself asking questions about the Gnolls and reassuring them that Flos was who he said he was—and that they would be safe in Reim as the King of Destruction conferred with the Chieftain by turns. He was distracted, although he had already outlined a large area that would be enough for six tribes. And he still wanted a castle.
“Teres? Teres, come here! Look at this!”
Teres broke off from a discussion with Lessha about Gnoll children and came over. Flos was looking at a scrying orb.
He had two, now, in his immediate possession. The tiny one Gazi had given him, which was the size of a marble, and a much larger hand-mirror you could stare through. Neither was particularly big; scrying devices weren’t actually that great, Teres had learned. You had to calibrate them and they could be defeated any number of ways…
But the world was changing, and Teres began to understand why in that moment. She saw Noass, Sir Relz, and a view of Rhir as the two Drakes commented on the Blighted Kingdom.
Flos just stared.
“Is this…your television, Teres?”
“It—it looks like it! That’s like a news channel. How did…?”
“They’ve been broadcasting it all day, my lord. You were on it yesterday during your fight with the Manticores, but this is different.”
Ulyse offered as he twirled his parasol, looking intrigued. The members of Parasol Stroll had brought it to Flos’ attention. The King of Destruction peered at the mirror, looking confused.
“Ah, so they’re broadcasting sights the world over, eh? Why are those two Drakes talking?”
“Well, they’re commentating. You know, announcing the news? Like news anchors?”
The King of Destruction exhaled.
