7.10 K
Page 43
“I have kept to my oath! And this is how I am repaid? With death? With treachery! Cowardice and shame! Lies and flattery while children die! I will salt the earth and drench it with a hundred thousand lives! Until not a blade of grass grows. I come for you, you craven coward!”
He pointed at the scrying mirror. Noass hid under the desk.
“I declare WAR! On Belchan! On you, Prime Minister Lyfelt! Until I place your head on the streets of your city to rot, Reim will slay a thousand of Belchan’s people for every one of my subjects!”
The mirror began to crack. Flos Reimarch howled.
“SUMMON MY ARMIES!”
There was a sound, and the transmission cut out. And then just silence. From the studio, at least. Noass wouldn’t come out from under the desk. Wistram cut the image a minute later.
But the sound of the King of Destruction’s fury broke over Chandrar. It split the night. Belchan woke, fearful, as they heard a sound in the distance. Growing louder.
An army moved as word began to spread. War? War had been declared. Reim had declared war on the Belchan. And it was happening now.
An army lit the nation alight with fire. A tiny force, but they were led by a man whose humanity had been consumed by rage. Sixty thousand of them poured across the ground, screaming wrath and ruin. And Teres was there, racing behind the King of Destruction, his fury beating against the sky itself.
 
—-
 
War.
King Raelt of Jecrass walked towards the secret vault where he could communicate with Prime Minister Lyfelt of Belchan. His face was pale, almost white. His daughter appeared in the doorway.
“Father.”
Jecaina was white-faced, and with a huge purple knot on her forehead. Raelt didn’t ask where she’d been. Nor did he look at her. Her dark skin was so pale—but by moonlight.
“Leave, Jecaina. I am speaking with Lyfelt.”
The statue was babbling. Jecaina’s mouth moved.
“But I saw—”
“Leave.”
Raelt turned. His daughter looked at him and fled. Raelt turned back to Lyfelt.
The Prime Minister was speaking rapidly. He had not seen the broadcast. Raelt had. But everyone knew of the declaration of war.
“Lyfelt.”
“You’ve heard of course. Was that your daughter? The sound was a bit off. Well—it’s—good! Not ideal; I’d have preferred another country, but he’s forsworn himself. Listen, Raelt. Reim can be defeated. We talked on the issue. The other nations will come to Belchan’s aid. If I can just count on you, it’s only sixty thousand—”
“Lyfelt!”
Raelt shouted. The talking statue went silent. Lyfelt stared at the King of Jecrass. Raelt breathed in and out.
“You didn’t see the moment the King of Destruction declared war?”
“No, I was dining actually. But I know what it means. Raelt, I can’t speak long. I’m besieged here, but I went directly to you to get your help. If you fall on the King of Destruction’s back, slow him even half a day—”
Raelt closed his eyes.
“Lyfelt, be silent.”
He waited. The statue paused. There was a babble in the background. Lyfelt’s face was blank, uncomprehending. He didn’t know.
“There was—a broadcast. From Wistram. They stopped it after his speech, but the world already saw. There was a…they showed a dead Gnoll tribe. Slaughtered by one of Belchan’s villages.”
“What?”
The [Prime Minister]’s eyes widened. The statue remained the same, but he looked…genuine. Raelt studied him.
“Everyone saw it. The King of Destruction declared war. The [Headman] of the village admitted to the crime. The [Commander] he beheaded also claimed you did not search for the missing people, that they were without escort. I told you to give them aid.”
