7.10 K
Page 32
And some of the Gnolls. Chieftain Nelrra was among the [Riders] sitting comfortably on the saddle. That surprised Teres, but Gnolls knew horses fairly well. They just preferred to run since they were good at that too.
But she and he were just barely noticeable additions to the procession. There sat Flos Reimarch, red and gold hair moving in the breeze. Mars the Illusionist, beautiful. Orthenon, gaunt and scowling.
And—the people looked up and saw a myth as tall as the tales they told about the King of Destruction. And all that you laughed at, the stories you thought couldn’t be true—it all became real.
Half-Giants strode along, keeping pace with the trotting horses. Four of them, each nearly as tall as Shepherd Zamea. And she walked next to the King of Destruction. And the smallfolk looked up and remembered that there were Giants.
“Come, Human children! Gather and see!” 
Zamea’s voice boomed across the landscape. Belchan was more lush than the southern nations, and greenery sprang from the earth—not in great profusion, but enough to make Teres feel this was a rich land. People stared up as the mighty half-Giant smiled.
“Witness a glory that comes only once a lifetime! The King of Destruction!”
The half-Giants accompanying her roared his name. They drowned out the jeers, the insults of those who had come with hate in their hearts. The cheers too. But the riders began to shout his name—
Until the King of Destruction raised one hand.
“Shepherd Zamea.”
Flos’ voice was quiet, but he somehow spoke over Zamea. And she fell silent. And so did the crowds.
Flos Reimarch turned in his saddle. A huge crowd had come just to see him. The people wanting to enlist, people wanting to see a glimpse of him before he departed. Some jeered. Others might have thrown things if it weren’t for the half-Giants. Belchan’s smaller force was actually having to hold the crowd back.
And the King of Destruction just paused a moment. There he sat. And he looked around and Teres saw his face.
“A glory that comes once in a lifetime? Ah, but Zamea. You remember me of old. How do you say to them that this is Reim’s might? When we number two thousand by horse, not two hundred thousand? When Reim is still small?”
Flos called up at her. The half-Giant smiled.
“You alone make that legend, King Reimarch. And your vassals. Or do you disagree?”
The [King] paused, and he looked at Orthenon and Mars. He smiled slightly.
“No. But I also remember.”
Slowly, he turned his head. And his eyes were distant. He looked at Nelrra, and then ahead. But for a moment, he lingered on the crowd.
“Orthenon. I think your Skill would do. Let us remind these people, Belchan, of what was. They have gathered to see me. So they should see me.”
He looked at his [Steward] and the man bowed.
“By your leave, your Majesty?”
“Yes.”
Orthenon slowly rode ahead. He gestured, and the riders began to trot. The crowd watched, waiting.
Flos rode just behind Orthenon, with Mars and Teres and Nelrra now. He looked at her.
“Orthenon’s Skill? What is that?”
Teres stared at the [Steward]. Flos nodded to the man’s back. Orthenon was moving slower, and his dark steed was snorting. There was stillness about him. He was about to use it.
“I don’t know that I’ve told you the full power of my [Army of the King], Teres. But you know that I have few Skills that I can use. My Skills shake the earth, but I may use them seldomly. I find that inconvenient. Orthenon now—his Skills can be used once a battle, or once a day. And they are less than mine in scope. But…”
There was a word. Orthenon lifted his spear.
“Advance.”
