7.10 K
Page 10
She had a different style than the one Orthenon had taught Teres. The young woman saw the rapier—a [Fencer]’s distinctive stance. But Mars refused to go for the sword and shield she carried. She eyed the blade the young woman had and smiled.
“Ah. Enchanted foil. Nice for duels. But sort of shit in war, right? Go on.”
She beckoned, yawning with the other hand. The young woman flushed.
“Draw your weapon! I won’t attack an unarmed foe!”
Mars laughed.
“It’s the one chance you’ll get! Do you think we’re on the same level, kid? Come at me! And tell me your name! I am Mars the Illusionist! You can’t scratch me with—”
Mars’ head blurred as the young woman stepped in. She was fast! Teres barely saw her, even with her training. The foil struck straight at Mars’ apparently unguarded shoulder; the armor was literally a breastplate, not actual plate.
But the [Vanguard] dodged. She moved back so fast that Teres didn’t see her. The young woman missed, and leapt backwards in a moment. Mars laughed as the crowd gasped.
“Not bad. A [Fencer]! And I see your silver bell.”
She pointed, and Teres heard a chime now, in the silence. The young woman had a silver bell on her foil. Orthenon had told her that the [Duelists] and [Fencers] of Terandria had bells they used as ways of showing their prowess. He’d told her to avoid anyone with a bell in the battlefield.
“Draw your blade!”
“Make me.”
Mars taunted the young woman. Teres saw the [Fencer]’s eyes narrow. She shifted and Teres saw she was about to lunge.
“My name is Jecaina of Jecrass! I am—”
She nearly bit her tongue as Mars charged her. The [Fencer] dashed left in a blur, then leapt forwards. A lunge aimed at Mars’ heart. And the [Vanguard]—
Caught the blade barehanded. She yanked the foil out of the way as it skidded across the armored belly. Jecaina’s eyes went wide and she tried to let go of her blade and dash backwards again. Too slow.
“Headbutt!”
Mars slammed her head forwards. The shout and impact were one sound. Teres heard a thud, and winced as Jecaina dropped like a log. She sprawled over, face-first and Mars tossed the blade onto the ground. Then she raised her arm.
There was a pause at the sudden end. And then a cheer.
“Mars! Mars!”
The [Soldiers] and crowd roared her name. Teres thought it was a bit of a cheap shot, but the [Vanguard] had effortlessly defeated the young woman who—Teres was willing to admit—was better than she was. Mars laughed as she walked over to Teres. She shook her head and jerked a thumb at the unconscious girl.
“Rookies. Shout and they freeze up. And most [Fencers] forget you can use your head or anything you want in an actual fight.”
“Is that fair when you’re actually wearing a helmet?”
Teres stared at Mars. The [Vanguard] laughed. She winked at Teres and turned back to the crowd.
“Wouldn’t have made a difference. Alright, someone dump her outside the camp when she wakes up! Tell whoever’s making a fuss that they can see his Majesty if they beat me in a duel!”
She spread her arms as she laughed loudly. Faced with that, the other eager people demanding to see Flos decided they could wait.
“That was a good way to wake up! I’m off to find something to eat. Any Manticore left? Let me know when his Majesty wakes up. I think I drank an entire amphora or two—and he had just as much!”
Mars walked off. Teres shook her head; she doubted Flos would be long in waking up with as much noise as Mars had made. Indeed, some furry heads were poking out of the tents. And the Lizardfolk had already been part of the crowd cheering in the short duel.
