7.10 K
Page 4
“And it would allow Wistram to watch us, as well?”
The [Mage] froze. Perric’s eyes glittered.
“I have heard a rumor to that effect.”
“Your Majesty, Wistram Academy would never do such a thing! Any rumors to the contrary are false and malicious—”
“Yes, yes. Begone from my sight. Cancel the parade. When one of your Archmages has time, we shall discuss trade options—assuming Medain is suitably able to command the world’s attention.”
Perric turned his head, giving orders, and the Wistram [Mage], bowing, retreated. Perric scowled as he motioned and the two Drakes appeared once more.
“—what a battle! Half a minute and a [Commander] sniped as he trotted towards us! It’s a clear rout—I er, think we had better revisit how we do interviews, Sir Relz.”
“Indeed, Noass, indeed. But onto the next segment. We have a parade in Rhir—no, I’m sorry, the Blighted King has allowed some of Wistram’s [Mages] to tour the walls and cities of the Blighted Kingdom. Nowhere that might reveal military secrets of course; this is being broadcast worldwide.”
High King Perric’s face was black with fury. He turned his head—the Wistram [Mage] had already made tracks out the door. Perric breathed in heavily as he turned back to watch. It was, after all, entertainment. You could go outside, but that was…outside. And somehow, seeing the two Drakes talking and knowing everyone was watching made this special. Important.
And many had not ever seen Rhir in person, including Perric, so he was a bit fascinated. Noass was nodding as he turned to face the audience.
“If you’re just tuning in, this is Noass and Sir Relz, your [Commentators] for the day! If you would like to see us permanently, please [Message] Wistram! Naturally, the fate of Rhir is a world-wide issue, so let’s go now to the kingdom and hopefully the Blighted King will have time for a few words.”
“We’re going out in thirty seconds.”
Someone murmured off-screen. Sir Relz nodded.
“As always, we will deliver commentary after the direct viewing. We have a full schedule for today, and we will be live all day—until some other [Commentators] will take the position. As always, we will stick to our schedule unless an event of significance occurs—for instance, the King of Destruction is apparently still in Belchan at the moment, but if he finds any more monsters to hunt, we will have to cut to him—”
Perric’s right eye began to twitch.
 
—-
 
Television had come to the world. Or rather, magicvision. That was less catchy, but everything was new and sparkling. And already, influence from Earth was coloring this new idea, this new technology.
There were differences, like how the two Drakes could and did call in experts to demonstrate Skills, used illusion magic to illustrate their broadcast, and any number of differences emerging. But Wistram was being informed by, well, people who knew what broadcast entertainment was.
And the academy was all-in. Perric was not the only monarch furious over their lack of representation, but all of them were getting the same sort of message: Wistram had a limited amount of important space to show everyone, and you might not be important enough.
Of course, you could be. You might be! But Wistram only had one channel. For now. Another could be created, but availability would always be a problem. Still, generous aid would not go unappreciated, nudge, nudge. And right now, everything was new and free!
