7.10 K
Page 44
Lyfelt’s mouth worked silently. For once, the [Politician] had no quick reply. For a moment.
“That was—that was—dead? All of them? That’s a terrible tragedy! I did not order it, Raelt, you know me. I didn’t escort them because—that explains the King of Destruction’s—but surely he has to understand I can’t control every last—”
“Dead gods, Lyfelt! There were children hacked apart! They were slaughtered! The rest were being sold as slaves!”
Raelt bellowed at the statue. Lyfelt’s expression froze as Raelt hurled something—he didn’t know what. He pointed at the statue, shouting, his hand trembling.
“I told you to escort them. But you let your subjects attack his people. You let them…”
He couldn’t unsee the image burned into his eyes.
“I didn’t know. I only thought they were—Raelt. I did not know.”
The statue pleaded with Raelt. The [King] turned away.
“A’ctelios has declared war. Nerrhavia—the Claiven Earth—Oteslia too.”
He related the information dully. Lyfelt would know of it soon; it was being broadcast the world over.
“Against Reim? Then, maybe—Oteslia, even? A Drake city?”
Hope bloomed in the desperate man’s eyes. Raelt turned around.
“Against Belchan. They saw it all, Lyfelt. It’s being rebroadcast. A’ctelios declared war against Reim, and a handful of nations joined them. The rest have declared war on you! Because they saw everything!”
He shouted it into his friend’s uncomprehending, idiotic face. Lyfelt stared.
“But I didn’t—Raelt?”
The head turned, staring about. The clamoring voices were growing louder in the background.
“Raelt, please. You must listen to me. Please—”
“I’m sorry, old friend.”
“Raelt!”
The [King] of Jecrass turned away. The statue screamed his name. Raelt walked out of the secret vault, past his daughter. He entered his throne room.
River Wardens and [Courtiers]. His court stared up at him, clamoring. Some had seen, others knew bits and pieces. An incomplete truth. Raelt sat on his throne. His crown lay there. He put it on. Looked about.
“Send a [Message] to Belchan. To the world. As of this moment, Jecrass rides to war against Belchan. Jecrass declares war on Belchan. I declare war on Belchan.”
He said it thrice, to emphasize his words. The court looked at him, statues. Raelt went on, without missing a beat.
“Find me General Lael. Tell her to bring Jecrass’ entire army. We will assault Belchan’s capital before the King of Destruction reaches it. I want every available [Soldier] mobilized within the hour and riding towards our border. Strengthen the garrisons to the south, but every other [Soldier].”
They stared at him. Raelt looked around. Even Geril, his oldest retainer was staring. Raelt stood up. He shouted.
“Well? Run!”
They ran. River Wardens, Geril, everyone. The throne room emptied for a second, as the entire palace woke up. Raelt was alone. He wanted to laugh at the expressions on his River Warden’s face. The unquestioning obedience he’d had for the first time ever.
But he didn’t. Raelt rested one arm on his throne. And he buried his head in his hand.
He wept for a second for his old friend. And then he rose for war.
 

