7.10 K
Page 33
The riders moved. They followed after, and Teres felt her skin chill. The air grew cool. And she felt like someone was riding beside her, invisible. Flos looked at her and his eyes shone.
“This is the power Orthenon wields. My glorious left hand. My [Ruinbringer Steward].”
Orthenon pointed ahead. And his words filled the silence.
“[Vanguard of the King, the Phantom Storm].”
Teres felt a sensation. She glanced sideways and stared. A woman wearing engraved armor rode at her left. It shone with silver and gold, and she carried a mace. Her hair was pale blue.
But she had not been there a moment before. She had ridden out of nowhere. But now more came.
They appeared out of the dust, out of the midst of the living. Riders wearing ghostly armor, becoming realer. The crowd of people stared. 
What they saw were people. People, but not of this day and age. Teres knew at once.
They were dead. But they had ridden in this company long ago. Now, they came to life, as real as the others.
She was terrified. Because the woman who rode by her was real. She bowed as Flos rode past her. And the [King] knew her. He nodded once, and rode ahead.
“Thank you, my [Steward].”
Orthenon bowed. And Flos cast a glance backwards. Even the half-Giants were silent. For striding shapes seemed to be following them in the mist. As if more of their kind would step out of the air.
The people of Belchan stared. And the King of Destruction drew a sword. It was base magic. No artifact of old. But he pointed ahead. And his voice echoed.
“Ride with me, Teres. Ride with me, Chieftain Nelrra. For the glory of Reim! What was lost. We are shadows of our glory. And that is ever so.”
He pointed. And they rode. Teres saw Mars calling out to the figures who rode with them. She knew them. And they looked back at her. But they never spoke. And the Illusionist’s face was filled with grief.
The [Riders] seemed to carry a silence with them. And time…Teres found herself riding after the [King]’s back. All who beheld them stared. The living and the dead. And Teres looked at Orthenon’s face as he rode at his [King]’s side.
And she was afraid. Because the [Steward] of the King of Destruction wielded memory like a blade. And it cut all equally deep.
 
—-
 
They rode with that ghostly host for a minute, or perhaps an hour. And Teres couldn’t take her eyes off the King of Destruction’s back. He led them at a trot at first, and then faster. A canter, and then a full gallop. The half-Giants began to jog, and their footsteps shook the ground.
There were more of them. But no one spoke a single word. Flos took them down the roads, faster, faster.
And he was using his Skills. The ground began to blur and Teres experienced a dream-like sensation; she was moving too fast for her mind to keep up.
Down the main roads, turning, pausing. The [King] spoke, and people, staring, shook their heads. Some pointed, and he rode on.
He was searching for them. A trace of his people. But though some had seen others passing through, few spoke of those who had gone through Belchan.
And Teres felt it. A terrible feeling, a suspicion written on the King of Destruction’s face. Growing with each passing minute. Then hour.
At last, the King of Destruction halted. And his panting escort saw him turn. Teres couldn’t tell how long they’d travelled, or how far, but the sun was setting. Flos Reimarch stared about. His eyes flashed.
“Where are my people? Find them.”
