7.10 K
Page 13
Teres thought that all sounded fantastical, like a mithril-sword or something. Jelaim looked frankly jealous; the Serpent Hunter loved magical swords, like the scimitars he wore on either hip. Nawal nodded slowly.
“Among other things, your Majesty. I am not able to share the secrets of my clan even to one as great as you, but Naq-Alrama steel may sustain an elephant’s weight without bending, may cut spells like water, and yes, the forging takes many, many days of work, even weeks! It is a process known only to Clan Tannousin and few others.”
“So? What is the problem? A longsword, even one without embellishment, will suit me fine. I often use my other hand for shields and so on, you see. Which reminds me—I tried the one we gathered from Hellios, Mars. I don’t care for it.”
Flos turned in his chair and addressed Mars, who was sitting next to him and drinking what was…probably…water. Mars raised her brows.
“What’s the matter, my lord?”
“It creates this—here, where is it?”
A shield appeared in the hand of one of Flos’ vassals. He lifted it, and Teres saw a white shield, and silvery metal traced in a tree-like pattern rising along it. Flos had used it in his battle, but now he raised it.
“The defensive enchantment. It stopped the Manticore well, but the activation—well, here.”
He struck a blow against the shield with his fist and it rang like a gong. Teres saw the shield glow. It flashed—and Teres ducked a burst of light. Flos had leaned out of the way, aiming the shield up.
Nawal was already on the ground. The burst of power from the shield shot into the sky, and it would have blown apart anything it hit. It had certainly sent a Manticore reeling the other day.
As if nothing had happened, Flos handed the shield back to an attendant.
“You see? Too slow a reaction. Do we have any Everfire Shields? Those are simple, but nice. The flame sticks to whatever it hits for a while, Teres. Just ram your opponent if your sword can’t get through their defenses!”
“I’ll lend you one from my armory.”
Mars laughed. The shield was taken away and Flos turned back to Nawal with ease.
“I’m sorry, as you were saying, Nawalishifra of Clan Tannousin?”
The young woman was picking dust out of her veil. With anyone else, Teres bet she’d explode. But she only bowed hurriedly.
“It is true that an Oliphant’s weight cannot bend Naq-Alrama steel, your Majesty. However…Naq-Alrama steel is one thing. When it breaks, it shatters. Any force less than that which would break it will not move the metal. But I fear your Majesty might shatter an ill-designed blade in time.”
Teres blinked. Shatter? Nawal seemed to draw in on herself at the suggestion as Flos stared. Mars raised her brows, but the King of Destruction did not erupt in wrath at the thought that his costly blade might break. He just laughed. He did indeed rage seldom.
“You see? That is the mark of a good [Blacksmith], Teres. I didn’t think of that, Nawalishifra! But you’re right. You’ll have to compensate for my strength, eh? But could I break a Naq-Alrama blade?”
He looked delighted at the suggestion. Mars murmured as she looked at Nawal.
“You bend steel or shatter it with regular swords, my lord. And you’ve broken lesser enchantments.”
“True!”
“It is not just that, Great King. I fear many blades do not use your full power.”
Nawal spoke, bowing. Flos sat up.
“That sounds like flattery, Nawalishifra. But go on.”
“No flattery, sire!”
The [Smith] hurriedly raised her head. She gestured, showing Flos her diagram and Teres saw that Nawal had been sketching different blade shapes.
