7.10 K
Page 36
He flung a stone, as hard and as fast as his young limbs could move. The Human staggered. The stone struck him on the shoulder. But he did not scream or fall or run. He kept walking on. The young Gnoll reached for another stone.
He whirled the sling.
Another blow. The Human kept walking. Blood ran down his arm and shoulder. But he came on. He was close now, but slowed to avoid the bodies. The young Gnoll flung a third stone. At the Human’s face.
This time the stone glanced off an arm, gouging deep. But the Human lived. He was too close for a fourth stone. So the young Gnoll drew a weapon and dropped the sling.
He raised a hunting knife and a hand caught his paw. He struggled, but it was too late. The Gnoll waited, snarling, biting—
And the arms enfolded his body.
For a moment the Gnoll paused, uncomprehending. He felt the Humans squeezing, but not hard enough to kill. He bit, and tasted blood. But the grip never changed. And somewhere, somehow, he heard a distant howl.
Voices.
“Your Majesty.”
More Humans. But the young Gnoll heard a howl. And the fog cleared from his eyes. He looked up and saw the King of Destruction.
The [King] had never moved. Even now, as blood ran from the side of his neck, he just hugged the Gnoll. Flos embraced the young Gnoll with the white fur. And as the others thundered towards him, he raised a hand.
Silence. They halted, and the young Gnoll looked into Flos Reimarch’s eyes. They were overflowing with tears.
“Who…?”
The voice was raspy, dry. For answer, the [King] gestured. His [Steward] came, but the healing potion went to the young Gnoll.
“Your Majesty. You are bleeding.”
“And?”
Flos looked at the young Gnoll. He was staring at the glowing vial of medicine. Flos gently opened it.
“Drink, lad.”
“Who are you?”
The young Gnoll was older than Teres, maybe. But not by much. He stared at her, and the others. Flos looked at him.
“I am the King of Destruction.”
“Oh. We were looking for you.”
There was a pause. The young man, the Gnoll, looked around. But all he saw were the bodies.
“They’re dead. All of them. They came last night.”
Flos nodded. He was weeping, and he didn’t even notice as Orthenon applied a potion.
“I am sorry. I was a day too late. Had I not wasted my time with frivolities, with games…”
He turned his head.
“Mars. Are there other survivors?”
“None, my lord.”
The Illusionist’s voice was quiet. The Gnoll looked at her.
“I know you. You were in the scrying waters. Are there other…?”
He saw Chieftain Nelrra. The young Gnoll stumbled forwards, seeing another living Gnoll. But Nelrra—backed away. He stared at the Gnoll. Slowly, the white Gnoll looked down at himself.
“What’s wrong?”
Teres stared at Nelrra. The Gnoll [Chieftain] looked afraid of the last survivor.
“White fur. He is a Doombringer.”
One of the other Gnolls whispered. Flos’ head turned. He stared at Nelrra incredulously.
“Chieftain, do you call this child—no, this man cursed?”
“Your Majesty. White fur among our people is a sign of…”
The Chieftain began, but he stopped. The King of Destruction looked at him.
“A curse?”
The Gnolls nodded. Flos looked from them as the young Gnoll covered in blood stared around, lost. Slowly, the King of Destruction moved. He placed a hand on the young Gnoll’s shoulder.
“If he is cursed, I will embrace him a thousand times a thousand again. If you would cast him out, now—there is no land in all my domain that will shelter you.”
