7.10 K
Page 19
“We are not equals. The King of Destruction is not equal to you, even reduced to the fact of his life. Some are worth more than others, or else why do we follow one such as him?”
“But…okay. Okay, please put me down?”
Teres whispered. She was afraid. Zamea just smiled.
“And if I do not?”
She put Teres on her shoulder. The young woman grabbed Zamea’s shoulder as the half-Giant began to walk, choosing her steps with care. Teres was white-faced. This was worse than Fetohep taking offense. She felt Zamea moving, was terrified she’d slip and fall and the half-Giant wouldn’t even notice—
“Shepherd.”
A voice came from below. Zamea halted, and Teres saw a familiar shape below.
Mars the Illusionist. She stood with both hands on her hips, grinning up at the Shepherd. Mars wagged a finger as she pointed.
“Shepherd Zamea, you’re scaring our little Teres. Put her down, please. His Majesty will want her as he meets the Gnolls.”
The half-Giant halted. Teres saw her and Mars exchange a glance, and then Zamea smiled.
“Very well, Illusionist. Lady Atwood, I trust you have learned a lesson?”
“Yes.”
Teres whispered as Zamea gently let her climb onto her hand. The half-Giant set her down and Mars caught Teres; the young woman’s legs weren’t working. Zamea crouched.
“You see? Respect for few of the small. Those who walk with giants. Let us talk again, Teresa Atwood. Until that time.”
She rose, as tall as the sky. And then Zamea took a step. Another. And she was gone. Teres looked at Mars.
“His Majesty warned you about tickling other people, Teres. Well, Zamea’s a good sort. But she’s fierce as Orthenon. Here, come with me.”
Mars’ tone was strict, but her hands were gentle. She let Teres sit for a moment.
“She’s so—I just said—”
“She’s a half-Giant. And the leader of her people. She doesn’t play nice. When a nation doesn’t like the Nomads, the half-Giants don’t run away. They fight and walk where they please. Zamea’s like her forebears. That she came for his Majesty means she truly respects him. Now, come on. His Majesty’s with the Rustängmarder, but the furry-folk are up and waiting.”
Mars led Teres to the Rustängmarder. There were only about two hundred of them in Reim total, and eighty had marched with Flos. They had their own tents, their own space in the camp, around Flos’ tent.
They were the ultimate elite soldiers. As feared as the Nomads of the Sky. Their armor was dark black and green. And they wore the full-visored helmets that covered their faces at all times.
Teres might have talked back to Zamea, once. But never to the Rustängmarder. They were men. All men, who enlisted in this army and fought for pay wherever they went.
There was one fact about the Rustängmarder Teres had learned, besides their blank expressions, their perfect discipline and their unwillingness to retreat in front of slaughter. And that was that the Rustängmarder had a leader for each company, a [Commander]. And that commander always had levels in [Necromancer].
The King of Destruction was talking with the commander now. Teres knew him, but she held back. The man leaned against a table as he bowed awkwardly to the King of Destruction.
“It was good to fight alongside you all yesterday. The Rustängmarder’s edge has dulled not one whit. And you, Commander Ytol. You have my gratitude for taking command of my infantry. Venith could only be in so many places at once, and he and Maresar must watch Hellios and Reim in my absence.”
“It was our honor, King Reimarch.”
