7.10 K
Page 17
Zamea blinked. Then she chuckled. Flos’ head turned as he lifted a wagon with eight people sitting on it. He grinned and shouted something from afar, but Teres didn’t hear it. Zamea made a gesture and then turned to Teres.
“A fine question! And a curious one. [Mages] ask me that as well. To answer—I see you have an enchanted sword there, young Teres. What enchantment?”
“Just—piercing and toughness. Why?”
Teres drew the blade carefully. It was a good sword. Not a powerful one, but Orthenon wanted her to learn to fight rather than let the blade fight for her. Zamea gestured.
“Thrust it into my arm.”
She put her arm on the ground. Teres recoiled.
“I can’t—”
“Little Teres, you could not cut deep if you tried. Thrust it into my arm. Now.”
The half-Giant’s eyes stared at Teres. Unwillingly, Teres aimed the blade at what she hoped wasn’t an artery or vein and gingerly stabbed. Her sword—slid off Zamea’s skin.
“Harder.”
Teres blinked, then she realigned the blade and tried again. This time she put force behind the stab and it went in—about a few inches.
“Strike!”
Heads turned as Zamea ordered Teres. The girl flinched, then tried a slash with two hands. The sword cut—but it cut barely more than a few inches, again! And Zamea’s arm was massive. 
“There.”
Zamea rose. She sat back upright as some of the distant half-Giants who’d camped and slept—on their backs, in the open—called out to her.
“Shepherd! Are you teasing the smallfolk?”
One of the half-Giant’s rumbling voices called across the entire camp. Zamea laughed as Teres turned crimson. She bent back down to Teres after raising one hand. And her eyes were brilliant and huge.
“You see? Half-Giants have skin like armor. Especially those of us whom the blood runs strong in. The Giants of old were said to have armor that even an enchanted battleaxe wouldn’t break. If I fall, Teres, woe to any beneath me or the ground itself. But I will break after mountains do.”
Teres saw that. She stared up at the half-Giant.
“You’re…fairly incredible, Shepherd Zamea.”
The huge woman’s eyes twinkled.
“You think so? Then you have too low expectations by far, Teresa Atwood! You have not seen us fight. But those of us who have come with King Reimarch will fight. When the time comes, we will tear through the smallfolk. Save your awe for that.”
The little speech was accompanied by a smile. And it was not pitiless—but it had a grand and terrible weight to it. Teres shuddered. She had not seen Zamea fight. But the Nomads of the Sky were not all warriors. Only a handful had gone with Flos; the rest were actual [Shepherds], or those with classes suited for travel.
They herded large breeds of regular animals, like sheep. They were still tiny, but nearly three or four times as large as any sheep from Teres’ world. They had feasted on them the day they arrived. To do that, they’d culled the sheep. Zamea had helped, gently breaking sheep’s necks with her fingers.
“You’re not as—as gentle as I thought you might be, Shepherd Zamea. I imagined half-Giants would be…different.”
More like a certain groundskeeper in a magical warding school in Teres’ head. Capable of wrath, but kindly. But Zamea was taller than Hagrid. And—far different. Her smile was kind, but also fearful. And she laughed quietly.
“Gentle? Ah. Some of the tallfolk who walk alone learn that. Gentleness, to avoid scaring the smallfolk around them, lest they gather in fury. But that is not what I am, nor what half-Giants are. Why would we be gentle? Look at us. We are greater than the smallfolk.”
