7.10 K
Page 6
That suited Teres just fine. She liked Orthenon. She had a thing for him, as Trey would put it, but it wasn’t a mad crush as Trey assumed. She just liked…Orthenon. He was terrifyingly dangerous at times, but he was also devoted to his [King].
And he had a sense of humor. He laughed, even told jokes. But in his way. He put on a front, and that was because he was literally second to Flos Reimarch, even more so than the King’s Seven. Teres respected Orthenon a lot. Plus, to be fair—he was amazingly handsome. Every little bit helped.
“Good morning, Lady Atwood. His Majesty’s not up yet.”
One of the army [Cooks] greeted Teres. She received her breakfast with anticipation. There was no bowl of stew or some horrible food like the armies during the Great War had, like bread made out of turnip flour. Rather, Teres had a full meal, courtesy of bags of holding and preservation spells.
It was still not gourmet food, and made for mass-consumption but Teres had hot, chewy flatbread, one of those Yellat-curries that were so beloved around here, and a steak with gravy. She stared at the steak.
“We’ve got thinner slice if you want, or other cuts of meat. Anything you wish, Lady Atwood.”
The [Cook] misinterpreted Teres’ look. She shook her head.
“This is more Manticore meat?”
The Stitch-Woman grinned. She was of the Hemp class, so her skin was rough, but she had a wonderful smile and she seemed genuinely happy to be serving food to Teres, let alone Flos himself.
“Of course! His Majesty slew enough for the next week of meat meals! And left a lot for those Belchan bastards to take. Are you a steak girl?”
“I am now. Is Fl—his Majesty really not up? Normally he’s up at the crack of dawn.”
Other people got touchy about Teres using his name. The [Cook] frowned and glanced over to one of the larger tents.
“No, Lady Atwood. But I hear Lady Mars and some of the Nomads were drinking with his Majesty, celebrating the newcomers.”
“Oh. That would explain it.”
Teres cut off a soft bit of the steak as she held her plate. It was tender. Manticore meat didn’t taste like chicken or beef, incidentally. It did have a gamey taste, but Manticores were magic, and magic was a taste, like umami. Plus, the sauce was great. Teres swallowed and saw the [Cook] looking to the side.
“Are the Gnolls up, yet?”
“No sign of ‘em. They’re all asleep, or staying in their tents.”
The Stitch-Woman grimaced and Teres didn’t miss the gesture.
“Something wrong with the Gnolls?”
Gnolls. Teres longed to see them, but they were indeed inside the tents. She’d gotten a good look at them up close and she had not been disappointed. Gnolls were—
Well, tall! Males and females were the same height—which was taller than most Humans by default! They were furry, with hair ranging from blonde to black, sometimes into red, but usually around brown, and they had heavier forms than most Humans. Not from fat either; they were like hyena-people if you had to relate them to any animal.
But the children were so adorable! Teres had seen some scampering around on all fours and only her sense that it was not a good idea to go and try to pet or pick one up—gotten from Garuda chicks and an incident with Takhatres being very upset—had stopped her.
She’d watched as they’d greeted Flos, but she hadn’t gotten a chance to learn much about them other than asking everyone in sight what Gnolls were like. The entire tribe of two thousand—and the Lizardfolk—had gone into their tents almost directly after eating.
