7.10 K
Page 14
“Normally, blades are light. A few pounds at most. Never more than five, really. Heavy is useless. However, with Skills, a [Warrior] may swing around even heavy weapons like twigs, would he not? And a great beast, like the Manticores, they laugh at light weapons. So, a wise [Smith] forges to the wielder.”
Flos nodded, now intrigued. His hand opened and closed as he gestured.
“Like a hammer that weighs thirty pounds on one end. I’ve seen [Warriors] who can swing it fast as a quarterstaff. But I’m not that quick.”
“No, but this Naq-Alrama blade, it may be fifteen pounds, your Majesty.”
“Fifteen—”
Teres was astonished. Her blade was light! But fifteen pounds? Everyone but Mars and Flos looked askance at the idea. The King of Destruction frowned.
“That’s a bit cumbersome, isn’t it? If I wanted a blade for one of my Nomads of the Sky, I’d ask that. But for me? Fifteen pounds is surely far too heavy unless I’m using that hammer or something.”
He gestured at one of the half-Giants, looming over the rest of the camp. Nawalishifra bowed.
“But if the blade were perfectly balanced, your Majesty? I believe you do not know your own strength.”
That came out in a rush. Flos’ brows rose as Mars laughed in delight.
“Hm. Well now. Ulyse!”
He raised his voice. One of the [Mages] in the camp strode over at once. Flos stood.
“I need a training sword, or a regular blade. Ulyse, can you enchant it to be exactly fifteen pounds? I want to test Nawal’s theory.”
“Of course, your Majesty.”
Ulyse raised his staff as a sword appeared. It was rather miraculous how Flos could shout and get anything he wanted, almost instantly. Teres saw the leader of Parasol Stroll run his staff along the blade.
“[Leaden Weight].”
It didn’t flash or glow, but the servant carrying it dipped slightly under the weight and struggled to lift it with both palms. Flos plucked the blade up. He tried an experimental slash and blinked.
“Well, it is heavier, but I don’t seem to be slowed down too much. Not at all, really. I suppose I’ve never thought about it. Stand back.”
The others did and he swung the blade around. Teres heard the air whistling. She stared. He wasn’t any slower that she could see!
“Your Majesty! As strong as lions!”
Jelaim laughed with pride and awe. Flos grinned.
“What do you know? It’s not slow at all! And imagine if I hit you with this, Jelaim!”
“My stitches would surely all come out! Lady Mars, can you swing it as fast?”
Mars took the sword. She grunted.
“That is fifteen pounds. Fuck it, I’m not swinging this. I’m not built for strength like my lord. Jelaim, you try.”
She swung the blade once, fast, but clearly not as fast as Flos. Then she tossed the blade at the Stitch-Man.
He had to catch the sword with both hands, stumbling. Jelaim tried a cut, his muscles bulging, but he couldn’t get anywhere near a proper slash.
“Too much weight! The Serpent Hunters dance with blades, not carry them! Lady Atwood!”
He handed Teres the sword, and she took it with two hands.
“It’s—heavy!”
The sword was far too heavy! Teres couldn’t even keep it straight in front of her! But Flos—she stared at him as he took the blade back. The King of Destruction held the enchanted sword of fifteen pounds out with one hand, lightly. Keeping it straight and even, like any good swordsman.
“Your Majesty! You must be strong as a pack of lions! An ox!”
Jelaim was agog. So was Teres, honestly. She hadn’t known how strong Flos was. She looked at Nawal—the [Blacksmith] has a smug look on her face.
