7.10 K
Page 30
The King of Destruction paused. He looked at Teres suddenly, and she realized he was serious.
“I do not know. But it is bothering me greatly, Teres. Something is wrong. And before I leave Belchan…”
He paused.
“Strange.”
“What?”
Flos Reimarch stood up. He looked around pensively, and then raised his hand.
“Mars. Orthenon.”
They broke off from their conversations and stepped towards him. Flos Reimarch frowned, and he looked at Teres, and then out towards the camp. She could hear Gnolls howling joyously, a strange sight that made Teres almost smile. But the King of Destruction’s face was suddenly grave.
“I did not hear of any of my people coming through Belchan. Only that Jecrass harbored them well. I wonder. Follow me. I have more questions for Chieftain Nelrra.”
 
—-
 
“Two tribes should have come through Belchan. They came from further west, yes? So they would have travelled around Izril that way.”
“That puts them landing around the Claiven Earth, if they took the most direct sea route.”
Orthenon murmured as he traced a line across the map indicating sea routes. Flos Reimarch stood with Chieftain Nelrra, frowning deeply.
“Yes. The half-Elves. They are not my allies either, but I would expect them to show any species courtesy—if not aid. So that would lead both tribes south. Coming through…Belchan. When did you say they departed?”
The Chieftains exchanged glances.
“Around the same time as well, King Reimarch. We had decided to forgo the Meeting of the Tribes.”
“What is that?”
“Ah—the time when Gnolls gather together. Once every decade. But we decided we had little to gain from it. All tribes benefit, but…those who offer more gain more, and we have little to give.”
“I see, I see. But it is passing curious. Few have come by way of Belchan. Zamea, how did your company travel?”
“By way of Nerrhavia. But we came from the east, Lord Reimarch. And no one would trouble the Nomads and the Rustängmarder.”
Flos nodded slowly as the half-Giant replied. He stared at the map.
“If they have made all speed without delay, we should have word of them. They may even be close by. Let us…”
He fell silent as someone strode up to the table where he stood. Flos turned his head.
“Yes?”
“Your Majesty, a [Commander] from Belchan’s army has a message for you to be delivered in person.”
“Ah, Belchan must be restless.”
Flos sighed and rose. The camp of the King of Destruction’s army was ready to march, but he’d delayed their movement to confer with the Gnolls. Now, Teres saw that frown on his head. And he looked north.
The [Commander] waiting for Flos stared as the King of Destruction and his entourage approached. Belchan had shadowed the King of Destruction’s army with a small force of about six thousand. Apparently a large portion of Belchan’s army was doing some war exercises about twenty miles distant, a much larger force than Flos had brought.
Flos was of course, bound by his oath, but this was a political play, a reminder of strength. The King of Destruction did not seem to remember it, though.
“King Reimarch, Prime Minister Lyfelt extends you an invitation to dine with him in his estates, in private company of course. This very night.”
The [Commander] had an invitation in writing. Flos glanced at the scroll as Orthenon accepted it, and turned his head. He smiled, looking at Teres.
“Ah, how kind of the Prime Minister to extend an invitation to one such as me. But I would not wish to take up the good Minister’s valuable time with my trivialities. You may inform Minister Lyfelt that my army will be moving. As soon as I take some of my people on a quick ride.”
