7.10 K
Page 31
The irony in his tone made his vassals stir and laugh. The [Commander] hesitated.
“A…ride, your Majesty?”
“Yes. I believe two Gnolls tribes will be heading south towards me. I will take my people—Orthenon, the cavalry with me. Just, say, two thousand? Prepare horses for Chieftain Nelrra and a few others.”
“As you will it, milord.”
Orthenon bowed. The Belchan [Commander] was not happy.
“Your Majesty, Prime Minister Lyfelt has invited Reim into Belchan’s borders for a specific—”
Mars leaned forwards and he shut up. The Illusionist was grinning. But Flos just raised a hand and smiled.
“I have been invited to Belchan, have I not? I may as well spare the Prime Minister the effort of escorting my subjects. I shall take his generous invitation if I have the time. But for now—let us ride. We will not be gone long. As soon as I find my subjects and return them, my army will be marching south.”
He looked at Teres and she nodded, already looking for her horse. But she didn’t miss Flos’ creased brow. And the way he kept looking around. Searching for something.
 
—-
 
In Wistram, the news hit the Academy like a bomb. A literal bomb, like the ones Viltach dreamed of. They weren’t more powerful than some of the spells he knew existed, but anyone could use them. You’d make them, throw them or teleport them at things that needed destruction.
Like the damn Demon King and his armies. Or—A’ctelios Salash. The Shield Kingdom which rots. And yet, today, the news from A’ctelios made Viltach want to smile.
Archmage Viltach sat up. He stared at the [Mage] from his faction who’d burst into the room.
“You’re certain?”
Mage Rievan Forstrom nodded.
“Absolutely, Archmage. A’ctelios claims their leader was assassinated by none other than Gazi Pathseeker and the Quarass of Germina! There was some debate over the exact incident, but—”
He got no further because Viltach shot to his feet. The Human Archmage—one of two of the five Archmages currently controlling Wistram—smiled, feeling a victorious surge in his chest.
“A’ctelios? But this is perfect. Quickly, change the image! No—wait—send a [Message] to those Drakes! And prepare—we must coordinate this properly. Tell Feor and Nailihuaile to meet me now.”
He strode out of his quarters, leaving Rievan behind. The King of Destruction had done it! Viltach had known Flos Reimarch couldn’t keep to his oath. Now, the world would see exactly what sort of man he was.
And when he was forsworn, Reim would die. And that moment would be broadcast the world over.
In high-fidelity definition and sound, of course. Brought to you by Wistram Academy. Buy a scrying artifact today.
 
—-
 
Some of them hated him. They hated the King of Destruction, with all of their hearts. He was not universally beloved. He polarized. You hated or loved him.
But you still came to watch. The King of Destruction rode out from his camp; the infantry and bulk of his armies had resettled for a few hours. But two thousand of his [Riders] followed the King of Destruction as he rode north, through Belchan.
The army [Commander] was not happy about it, and nor was Minister Lyfelt himself if the [Messengers] that Orthenon kept swatting away were any indication. But what could they do? Flos had been invited.
And he wanted to find his subjects.
Even so, the small host was almost like a parade in how many people it drew. Because here was Flos Reimarch, the King of Destruction! Orthenon, Mars, both rode in his wake along with Teres, Ulyse, members of Parasol Stroll—
