7.10 K
Page 40
Noass stared as the scrying mirror reflecting the King of Destruction was moved so it filled half the screen. The Drake was in the other half, doing the world’s first split-screen broadcast.
For a moment, the mirror was blank. People stared. Surely the King of Destruction wasn’t going to acknowledge the incident? They waited as Noass fidgeted.
“Is he—”
And then the King of Destruction appeared. He stood, in the dusk, filling the mirror. He was looking down at the scrying mirror, at an angle. The sky behind him was filled with a setting sun.
“Oh Ancestors—”
Noass broke off. He caught himself.
“And here we have the King of Destruction. Gentledrakes, everyone—the King of Reim, Flos Reimarch, um—”
Flos Reimarch said nothing. Noass went on, stuttering.
“So—we’ve heard from A’ctelios. Your Majesty, King Reimarch. It appears your subjects, Gazi the Omniscient, beheaded Baosar, the leader of A’ctelios. There are allegations of offense on both sides. But how would you—you—”
The King of Destruction’s face was pale. And he said not a word. Noass’ mouth dried up. He tried again.
“Your Majesty, how would you accuse to A’ctelios’ claims that their leader was assassinated. Your oath—”
“I declare war.”
Noass paused. Across the desert continent, the raving fury of A’ctelios halted. The Archmages froze. Rufelt stopped midway through making his drink.
Noass was nodding. Then he registered what Flos had said.
“You—you what? I’m sorry. Did you say—”
“I declare war.”
The King of Destruction’s voice was low. Intense was a poor word. He spoke each word slowly. With a terrible, halting madness to them. Growing.
A’ctelios Salash paused. And even their fury halted. They felt fear.
And the world listened. Noass looked at the King of Destruction.
“War? So you’re claiming this incident was—was A’ctelios’ provocation? And—and—”
Slowly, the hand-mirror in Flos’ grip rose. The view tilted. And—Rufelt wasn’t sure what he saw at first. Then he saw the red.
The blood. He dropped his glass.
“What is that?”
Noass recoiled. The bodies lay behind Flos. A slaughter. The [King] slowly handed the mirror to someone. She angled it and moved back.
He stood amid the blood. The bodies on the ground were just bodies at first. Then the viewers began to place them.
Gnolls. And—behind them, a silent line of Humans, surrounded by armed [Soldiers]. A [Commander] in Belchan’s insignia. Mars and Orthenon.
“When I swore my oath of peace, I demanded my people be allowed to come to Reim. No matter who they were. From wherever they hailed. My people came. From Izril. Gnolls.”
Flos Reimarch spoke slowly. He filled the image. Wistram Academy sat frozen. They couldn’t cut away. They didn’t even know what that was. They could only halt the broadcast. And it was too late.
The King of Destruction looked around.
“The tribes of the Gnolls came seeking me. This—was—the Saltstone Tribe. But they never made it to my lands. They were attacked. Slaughtered. In Belchan. As the Prime Minister asked I hunt Manticores. He promised me my people were permitted to cross his borders. Look. This is what became of them.”
Flos’ voice was so—so empty. Not of emotion. But it was being held back. He gestured.
A white Gnoll. Rufelt’s paws shook as he saw a white Gnoll. He knew what that meant. The young Gnoll, Sailt, stared ahead blankly. His fur was matted with blood.
But he was not alone. There were fifteen Gnolls. Children. They clung to the other Gnolls who carried them. Each had white fur. And some were injured.
