7.10 K
Page 34
Orthenon rode forwards, bowing. He shot forwards with a smaller escort. Shepherd Zamea strode over a hill, searching. The host of two thousand began to fragment, as Flos sent his [Riders] out in every direction. Searching for the King of Destruction’s subjects.
They were in Jecrass. [Riders] came back with news of the bands of travellers coming across the border. They were unable to cross, but Flos’ people rushed to meet them, making a beeline for the King of Destruction.
“Your Majesty. We feared to pass through Belchan as much as Medain. Some of those ahead told us this nation offered few escorts, and the people refused to trade. And worse. Perhaps the other tribes went around, to Jecrass or…”
Chieftain Nelrra panted as he let his horse drink and eat a bit. Teres was doing the same. But Flos Reimarch just turned as his [Steward] returned, shaking his head.
“I know they were here. Orthenon! Take your riders and scout yourself, not towards Jecrass, but further into Belchan. Summon all my Garuda in the army—if Takhatres were here—”
Away Orthenon went. But—Flos waited, with growing frustration. It was then that one of the Gnolls began to confer with Nelrra. He approached the [King].
“Your Majesty, we are natural trackers. I have with me my best [Tracker]. She has been unable to pick up a definite scent, but she thinks she has something.”
“Can she locate it?”
“It is too far away, your Majesty. My nose is picking up something, but I am not the most high-level or gifted. Apologies. If I keep scouting, perhaps I may find the scent.”
The female [Tracker] bowed apologetically. Flos stared at her. Then he shook his head.
“No, I have a better idea. What is your name?”
The Gnoll blinked.
“Lykesa, Highness.”
“Is it your will to find your people, Lykesa? Even if it means changing your nature or class?”
She paused, and then nodded. Flos nodded.
“Then kneel. And close your eyes.”
He dismounted. The Gnoll [Tracker] knelt, and Flos put a hand on her shoulder. He looked down at her and then exhaled.
“I name you a [Royal Tracker]. A gift, and perhaps a curse. Your quarry will not be all things, but a [King]’s prey. If you would will it, take the class. And find your kin. Lykesa.”
He pressed down and the Gnoll jerked. For a moment, her eyes rolled up in her head. The other Gnolls caught her before she could sag backwards. Teres saw her limbs move wildly—and then she opened her eyes and refocused.
“I—my class—”
“Did you gain the Skill you needed?”
“Yes.”
The Gnoll rose, wide-eyed. The others were staring at Flos. So was Teres. He turned.
“A royal class is a heavy thing, Lykesa. But the hour grows later and the time is urgent. Find them.”
She nodded and put her nose to the wind. Within a moment she was sniffing, casting about for a far, far distant quarry. Flos looked at Teres.
“My gifts are weighty things, Teres. I do not know subtlety.”
“I have them. Northwest. I smell—Gnolls.”
Lykesa instantly pointed. Flos turned.
“Summon Orthenon!”
A horn blew and a [Message] carried the [Steward] back at a lightning gallop. A mile a minute, or faster. His horse halted and the [Steward] looked at Flos.
“Northwest. Take Lykesa. She will find them. We follow after. Gather the others!”
Flos rode slower as the other distant [Riders] were recalled. The half-Giants strode back towards him. And they travelled north, as the sun continued to set.
They rode for twenty minutes, their tired mounts moving slower. But at the twenty third minute, Teres saw Orthenon riding back towards Flos.
“My [King], we have found something. However—”
