7.10 K
Page 1
He pointed. The woman in robes spoke, her voice breathless with fear. She was a [Mage] of Wistram of course, but any true ruler cultivated fear in those who stood before him. Even Wistram’s envoys were not above being made examples of.
“Your Majesty, King Perric. The academy has heard your request, but I am not privy to the thoughts of the Archmages or the Council—”
He silenced her with one look. The air around the throne grew stiff, edged, and the young [Mage] faltered.
“High King. I am a [High King]; two nations fall under my aegis. And I did not request. I informed the academy of the parade. Why have they not sent their [Seers] or [Diviners] to broadcast it?”
“Wistram’s single—channel your Majesty—it can only support the display of one event at a time.”
“Yes. Which is why I have put Medain’s grandeur on display.”
Perric stared, resting the side of his face on his hand. His throne shone as he sat on it, with so many protective spells and enchantments that the [Mage] standing before the throne would be vaporized if he so desired. She spoke carefully, sweat beading her brow.
“Yes, High King. However—I regret to inform you that this day, Wistram has received invitations or pronouncements from over forty separate nations or organizations of their own displays. The Academy is simply unable to choose.”
High King Perric of Medain paused. His eyes swiveled left and a huge scrying mirror—so large you could pace back and front in front of it and never go out of frame—lit up. He saw an image of a group of [Knights] charging…
“A single Hydra?”
Perric scoffed. He had been an adventurer in his youth. The huge, roaring monster with multiple heads, taller than two houses, able to snap up a horse and rider in a single bite, did not faze him.
It was customary for [Princes] to journey from their kingdom if they were not needed, to level in another class perhaps, or just enjoy their freedom. As a [Prince], Perric had been a Gold-rank adventurer. He sneered at the image as the [Knights] charged in.
They were not the Order of Seasons, but rather armored in dark purple and green, eschewing full-plate for more mobile coverings of chainmail, scale, and layered armor for maximum mobility. They charged around the Hydra, battling the heads as they hacked at it.
Perric saw they were at least aware of the Hydra’s ability to regenerate; they were using magical blades and they burned, or used other effects in the open wounds to halt the Hydra’s tissue regeneration.
As the huge beast retreated, hissing and snapping, one of the [Knights] leapt from the horse. He used a Skill and the [High King] saw an arc of light appear. The slash took off one of the Hydra’s long heads by the neck and the [Knights] roared and charged as the beast reeled backwards.
The image abruptly cut to a pair of Drakes sitting at a table. It was a rather nice table, and the two Drakes were shuffling pieces of paper. One of them spoke carefully into an amulet he’d tied to a little wooden stand, and his voice was pleasant, clear, and intimate, altered by the speaking spell.
“…And we’re back. This is Noass and Sir Relz, coming to you live, is that the word, Sir Relz? Yes, alive and well from Pallass. What you good viewers just witnessed was the Order of the Thirsting Veil, if I have the name right, battling a Hydra. They are a Terandrian-based [Knight] Order, founded in Ailendamus—Sir Relz?”
