7.10 K
Page 39
Noass was having a hard time. A’ctelios was the victim here. Their leader slain by Gazi Pathseeker. But if you knew about the Carven City—he was omitting a lot of facts about A’ctelios, but anyone staring at the scrying orb…the Drake [Commentator] coughed.
“So—so is this war? Has A’ctelios in fact, declared war on Reim?”
It was the line of the month. The man standing in the image paused. Even A’ctelios in its madness wasn’t suicidal.
“If it is war, it is one caused by Reim! They have killed many of our own! Killed a pakeil, and our leader!”
“A—pakeil? Is that an animal? My notes say beast of burden. Can we see—no?”
Noass looked off screen. Sir Relz was speaking with the academy, directly on a call. He shook his head vigorously. Noass turned back and tried to give the viewers a smile.
“Well, let’s recap for anyone just tuning in. Sir, you say that your leader of A’ctelios was assassinated by Gazi the Omniscient? Thus, breaking the King of Destruction’s oath of non-aggression? Because that sounds like what you’re saying.”
Again, the man hesitated. He bared his sharp teeth, but cautiously.
“His Seven, Gazi the Omniscient, she claimed there was insult. That the outsiders were under his protection. But insult was given!”
“But who started—”
Sir Relz slid back into frame, sweating a bit.
“Er—it sounds like both sides were to blame, Noass. But this is a clear provocation. It certainly sounds like the King of Destruction may have invalidated his oath. If you were—um—”
No one was saying it outright. It was hard to say. The [Commentators] couldn’t do it. They didn’t want to, no matter how much the Archmages shouted at them. And the Shield Kingdom was…wary.
“We know blood has been spilled. On…both sides? Look, an assassination of a leader of a nation—”
“Assassination is hard word to swear under truth spell—”
Sir Relz murmured. Noass paused. It was going to happen. You could feel it. Justification or not, a nation’s leader had been murdered by one of the King of Destruction’s Seven. But it was an agonizing battle getting there.
“Maybe we should see if Reim’s representatives have any input on this. The Quarass of Germina was there—can we locate her? No? Well, how about Gazi Pathseeker? Surely someone from Reim—”
Noass broke off as Sir Relz rose. The two Drakes stared as there was an exclamation audible from off-screen. Sir Relz hurried away, then came back and whispered in Noass’ ear. The Drake froze.
“Oh. Oh Ancestors—I think the King of Destruction wants to reply to A’ctelios’ accusations. We didn’t get the Quarass but—the King of Destruction? Really? Is this a joke?”
He stared. Then Noass turned back to the viewers. Which was again, the world. Or all of it that mattered, which was anyone watching. Rulers and anyone who could afford a scrying spell stared.
“Ancestors, I think he froze up.”
Rufelt commented from his bar in Tails and Scales. It was packed with his regulars. Lasica poked her head out of the kitchen.
“What’s happening now, Ruf?”
“The King of Destruction’s going to speak about the incident.”
“What? Hold on! Let me see! I’m nearly finished with this—”
“Um.”
The sound of Sir Relz swallowing was very audible. He prodded Noass, and the Drake jerked. He began breathing again.
“I—I—I think we’ll interview the King of Destruction again. I mean, now. A’ctelios, Seeress, please hold. We’ll listen to the King of Destruction, ask your opinion—let’s—let’s go to him now? Can we?”
