7.10 K
Page 11
Teres was about to talk with them—until she saw a familiar person stalking across the camp, a roll of parchment in hand. Teres changed course and found a young woman with a veil, sitting and sketching as she scowled about her.
“Nawalishifra.”
The [Blacksmith] looked up with a start. Nawal glared for a second, and then dipped her head.
“Greetings to you, Teresa Atwood.”
She didn’t call Teresa, ‘Lady Atwood’, nor did she seem especially pleased to see her. Teres wondered if Nawal would have snapped at Trey. Probably. She was a prickly person. Teres nodded.
“Morning, Nawal. What are you doing?”
The [Blacksmith] had come with Flos on his march north, and Teres hadn’t asked why yet. Nawal was not her friend; Trey seemed to get along with her, but he could tolerate the [Blacksmith]. Nawal’s sharp tongue got on Teres’ nerves. She didn’t know why Trey could stand to be insulted every two seconds.
“I am designing a weapon for his Majesty, Teresa Atwood. And it is not an easy task, sands take my hands! Especially when one blocks the light!”
Case in point. Teres scowled—and then realized she was casting a shadow. Even so. She shifted and Nawal grunted. She resumed her work, with a long bit of charcoal.
“So you came with the camp to design a weapon? The Naq-Alrama blade, right? I thought you were already making it? Why do you need to follow Flos around?”
The look the young woman gave Teres nearly made Teres want to kick the parchment out of Nawal’s hands. The [Blacksmith] adjusted her veil and scowled.
“Is a piece of art something that can be made in a day? Should I lay a piece of metal on the anvil and beat at it until something proper emerges? A blade suits the owner! And this blade will be made for the King of Destruction’s hands, not forged with no idea of who will wear it! I have been observing, you rude foreign goat, you!”
Teres glared back.
“I’m trying to be nice! What’s the problem? Flos told you he wants a longsword.”
“Hah! If you understood anything about forging for a warrior—”
“Ah, Teresa! There you are!”
A booming voice silenced the argument. And indeed, the camp. Teres turned—and realized Flos Reimarch was awake.
He strode towards her, a plate of food in hand. But where he walked, gravity seemed to twist and people were drawn about him. Servants, his vassals—Teres saw Jelaim, leader of the Serpent Hunters, Mars, two [Mages] from Parasol Stroll, and of course, Orthenon, all following the King of Destruction.
He took no notice of his escorts. It was as natural as breathing for him. He had eyes only for Teres and Nawal.
The [Blacksmith] froze, turning dead white under her dark skin. She adjusted her veil hurriedly and stood to bow. Teres just waved.
“Good morning.”
“And a fine morning it is to you! Although I have a terrible headache from last night. No, Orthenon, don’t waste a potion on me! I’m only sorry I missed the morning’s duel!”
Flos laughed as he took a bite of his breakfast, the same as the rest of the camp had eaten. He enjoyed a [Soldier]’s meal, well, at least of this quality. Teres saw him look around.
“Ah. There’s nothing like a battle to wake you up in the morning. And we still have Manticore meat! Delicious! Are you sure we couldn’t have ridden one, Orthenon?”
The [Steward] was pocketing the potion he’d been offering his [King]. He spoke quietly and precisely, bowing slightly as he did.
“Your Majesty, Manticores are notoriously hard to control. Moreover, they have difficulty flying as far as you might wish. If you wish, we could attempt to tame them—”
Flos waved a hand.
