7.10 K
Page 16
“How are you so strong? [Enhanced Strength]?”
She knew that was a thing. But Flos just shook his head.
“Better. [A Kingdom’s Strength]. A Skill for a [King]. My Level 30 Skill, in fact. I suppose even after my slumber, I’m stronger than I was as a boy. I still see myself as a greater [King], you see. And I’ve leveled.”
He flexed one arm. Teres stared. Nawal bowed.
“Your Majesty, with your permission, I would wish to discover how strong you are. At least so that the blade I forge will not break by your strongest swing.”
“Fair enough, Nawalishifra. I confess—I seldom swing as hard as I can. My strength, you see, is too much for even me. I can tear my own flesh and bone from the impact if the sword twists in my hand. How shall we test my limits?”
Flos grinned. Nawal bowed, and in moments, Flos was calling for a wagon. He was going to lift enchanted swords, and then see if he could lift a wagon one-handed or two, unaided. Then they’d pile weights on and find the limits of his strength.
Teres watched the carnival-like anticipation as Flos’ vassals gathered around and the [King] began to throw or cut with enchanted weapons. He could lift and swing a thirty-pound blade around almost as fast! Nawal was scribbling frantic notes and Teres felt for her.
“Imagine trying to make a blade that won’t break with him.”
“Ah, but most blades are enchanted, little Teres.”
A hill of a woman spoke. Teres jumped and realized Zamea hadn’t moved. She was sitting cross-legged, to avoid stepping on anyone if she rose. She looked down at Teres.
The half-Giant woman was rather like a Human woman, scaled up. But there were significant differences. Her skin was…rugged. Almost closer to something hard, mineral, than flesh. She could have used a few tankers of skin cream. And her eyes were pale orange. She smiled down at Teres.
“Um, good morning, Shepherd Zamea.”
Teres hesitated, but bowed slightly. Zamea was leader of the Nomads of the Sky, and Teres wasn’t sure of her rank, but everyone but Flos’ immediate vassals bowed to her. The half-Giant didn’t nod, but smiled.
“Lady Atwood. Teres Atwood, we have not spoken, the two of us alone. His Majesty tells me you are his trusted follower.”
“Um. Yes?”
Zamea chuckled. Teres was feeling the vibrations of her speech as much as hearing them. She could hear Zamea inhaling and exhaling, come to that. She stared up at Zamea.
“His Majesty tells me you have interesting ideas. More than that, he will not share. But I am curious about you, little Teres of the smallfolk.”
“The what? Oh—is that what half-Giants call others?”
“Indeed. We are the Nomads of the Sky. One of the last colonies of our kind anywhere in this world. And I am the Shepherd of my people. But you have questions. Smallfolk always do. Ask, ask.”
Zamea chuckled. She did not eat or drink, and few of the other tall half-Giants had this morning. Teres had seen them feasting last night on huge portions of Manticore meat, but Flos had mentioned that half-Giants needed to eat once in a fortnight, but when they did, they were ravenous.
“Er—”
“Questions will not offend me, little Teres. Ask. I am told you have amusing questions.”
Zamea leaned down and Teres backed up. Even if she moved slightly towards Teres, the young woman felt as pressured as if Flos were exerting some of his presence on her. She gulped.
“Well—I was asking his Majesty—look, biologically, isn’t it hard for half-Giants to exist? I mean, you must have problems with your spines or…breaking bones when you fall!”
