7.10 K
Page 8
However, sometimes his fame attracted trouble, as in this case. The [Soldiers] around the inner camp which Teres, Flos’ elites, and the Gnolls themselves were camped were holding back a crowd demanding to see the King of Destruction. That was common enough. What was uncommon was the strident voice and the young woman who’d forced herself nearly into the inner camp. Teres wandered over as she saw a tall young woman with a rapier of some kind arguing with a [Captain].
“I wish to have an audience with the King of Destruction! I’ve come from Jecrass—”
“His Majesty does not answer to you!”
The [Captain] snapped back. He was another Stitch-person, again of the Hemp class. Teres thought the young woman was brave or foolhardy to be arguing with him; she’d seen Stitch-people fighting and they weren’t afraid of most edged weapons; they could just sew their limbs back on.
“Lady Atwood, hold back, please.”
One of the [Soldiers] recognized Teres. She nodded and the young woman blinked at Teres. She noticed the slightly curved sword Teres wore at her hip.
“You there! Are you one of the King of Destruction’s vassals? If so, I challenge you for permission to enter the camp!”
“Challenge?”
Teres blinked, but the [Soldiers] laughed, including the [Captain].
“This isn’t Terandria, whoever you are! Challenges aren’t laid about for the right to see King Reimarch! Back away, all of you!”
He lifted the halberd and the people behind the young woman moved back a step. She flushed, but refused to budge. She pointed at Teres.
“Are the King of Destruction’s vassals afraid of a challenge? I heard he once entertained anyone who could make their way to him, even blade in hand!”
The [Captain] glared, but before he could reply, someone stumbled out of her tent.
“What’s this? Who’s shouting? Who am I killing?”
A bleary voice interrupted the argument. Teres turned and saw a beautiful, red-haired woman stumbling out of her tent. Her hair was long, and her skin as perfect as a Stitch-Woman made of silk. Her eyes were green, and the armor she wore was magnificent—but almost decorative. The breastplate was practically molded around her chest.
Mars the Illusionist was stunning to anyone who beheld her. But Teres was more impressed that the illusion actually captured her haggard appearance—on her illusionary body. She had red eyes and her wondrous hair was frazzled.
However, it was all fake. Mars wasn’t that tall, she was definitely wearing armor, and she had once told Teres that free-flowing long hair was the dumbest idea imaginable in a battle where it would catch on something. In truth, Mars never left her armor. What made her appear as a beautiful woman—in this case, with dusky skin, and a voice that belonged to a singer—was always her illusions. She changed appearances like Teres changed clothes.
Even so, the [Soldiers], people here to see Flos, and Teres all had to pause for a second with envy or admiration. An illusion should not be that perfect. Mars, stumbling out of her tent with a hangover was still…
“Hold on. I think I’m going to throw up.”
The woman paused, put her hands on her thighs, and breathed in for a second. Then she looked around.
“Hey there, Teres. What’s going on?”
She walked over, regaining some of her color as she drew a potion from her belt and drank it. Teres pointed wordlessly; the [Soldiers] and crowd had fallen silent.
Here was one of the King of Destruction’s vassals. Mars smiled, her eyes lighting up as she saw the crowd.
“Oho! More people come to see his Majesty? Did I hear someone yell about a duel?”
