7.10 K
Page 27
The shout came from around the tent. And the half-Giant’s voices made the skies shake. The Gnolls looked around, wide-eyed. And Flos laughed. He raised a hand and all quieted. Then he turned to the Gnoll Chieftain.
“A gift. It is not a petty thing, for all I give it quickly, Chieftain. But I believe, no, I know that your people will answer my gift a hundred times over. Take it, and keep it. What your people dream of should not wait a second longer than this. You have done well.”
The Gnoll Chieftain looked at the King of Destruction. And then he knelt. The other Gnolls did too. Flos grabbed Nelrra’s shoulder and made him stand. He was smiling; some of the Gnolls were overcome, unable to process this. Some didn’t believe.
But they would. Flos was as good as his words, and Orthenon was already bringing up maps, calling for a table. They wouldn’t believe, perhaps, until they were there, staring at the land Flos would give them. Maybe not even for months.
And yet, Teres believed. Because she knew Flos. He loved this, Teres saw. This, even more than he loved war. And he did love war. But he enjoyed seeing people laugh, and smile.
 
—-
 
You couldn’t really call it an audience after that. Flos Reimarch certainly abandoned his throne and his vassals, caught up in his wave of ebullience, were more than cordial to the Gnolls.
It was true that where Flos Reimarch led, his people followed. And Chieftain Nelrra’s speech had won over some of the people, especially the Stitch-People of the Hemp class, and the Garuda.
The Lizardfolk too, funnily enough. One of them tried to pat a Gnoll on the head and got a light smack.
The three Chieftains were overwhelmed as Flos, in his way, motioned them over to the map so they could find what parts of Hellios suited them best.
“Queen Calliope and her court will cause a fuss, my lord…”
“Let them. It’s that [Prince]…Siyal, I want to test. Tell him to help settle the Gnoll tribes and let Maresar watch him. Hellios doesn’t need all its land, and I want him to consider my offer. Hm. Do Gnolls like mountains? Hellios has a few, but all you get from them is stone…and some ores.”
“The Stone Spears tribe would have. If they were still…”
One of the Chieftains murmured sadly. Flos was caught between talking with Nelrra as the Gnoll hesitantly pointed out good spots, and asking all the questions Teres had wanted to.
“So, your tribes are small?”
“A few hundred is small, King Reimarch. A few thousand is still small. Larger tribes number in the tens of thousands, some larger still. But there are many such tribes. We are experienced in hunting, gathering as a whole, but each tribe is known for some specialty.”
“The Dustfur tribe gathers a plant in Izril. Its pollen is mildly paralytic, but the plant itself is very useful in a number of aspects. We have brought some to plant.”
“Really?”
Jelaim slid over as fast as possible to Nelrra; the Stitch-Man looked excited at the idea of easy access to a new coating for his blades. Flos was nodding.
“We will see where best your tribes may excel. For now, build and rest. If I could, I would issue another Edict, but—next month. Your tribe looks exhausted, Chieftains. Was the journey truly that arduous?”
The Gnolls nodded. They did not prevaricate or blunt their words, Teres saw. Which of course made Flos like them all the more. The other male Chieftain nodded.
“The journey was hard, King Reimarch. We crossed the sea smoothly, but with some hunger; but since landing, we have had…conflicts.”
“Conflicts? But you were given safe passage.”
