7.10 K
Page 3
“Let’s brief the viewers now on the stakes, the companies, our predictions and [Strategist] predictions on the matchup, Noass. Which company will win? The companies in question are Saliev’s Dogs and the Shoretreader’s Lament. Let’s talk numbers, the levels of each notable [Commander], any interesting features of the terrain, elite soldiers or units and of course the overall makeup of each army—we will be accepting [Messages] from any accredited [Strategist] on their analysis of the battle.”
The two Drake [Commentators] went on as King Perric just stared, blank-faced.
“Do we have any idea on how willing these two companies are to retreat, Sir Relz? Mercenary companies in Baleros do not want to fight to the death over most battles, so I imagine the other side will surrender or retreat once an upper hand is established. But surprises are why we watch! I see we have a visual of both sides from whomever’s on the field—oh! And one of the [Mercenary Commanders] is waving!”
Noass waved and shouted, as if the distant Centaur [Commander] could hear him directly.
“Hello! You are alive! Live! I don’t suppose we could get an interview before the battle, could we?”
Sir Relz said something, but at that moment, King Perric made a slashing motion and the mirror went blank. He slowly looked around.
“And is this what Wistram deems worthy of broadcast?”
“High King—”
“Are these two—Drakes and a battle between mercenaries more important than Medain?”
He stood abruptly. The [Mage] stared up at Perric from his throne. His aura was on the verge of sweeping her aside, just from his presence. The [Mage] quailed, turning pale as Perric pointed towards the blank mirror.
“That man was broadcast to the world! Hunting Manticores! Should I demonstrate my prowess in battle, against a dozen Sandsea Worms? Order one of my [Generals] to find a nest; we will hunt!”
He raised his voice, but the [Mage] protested.
“High King, that will not be necessary. Due to the—due to the numerous important requests we have received, yours among them, the academy has elected not to show any one nation. Until a fair order can be set out, Wistram does not wish to offend any monarch by exclusion or the order of their appearance!”
That made enough sense to pause High King Perric’s wrath. He sat down slowly, eying the [Mage]. She was a half-Elf. Perric had one in his harem. His philosophy towards a wife was that she should be loyal, if he ever found one worthy of ruling beside him. But a [King] should demonstrate his might. Therefore, he had made it one of his passions to collect at least one member of each species in his harem.
Except for Selphids, naturally. And he had given up on most half-breeds. And every single Beastkin tribe. If this [Mage] had been a shade more beautiful, he might have invited her to join him that night. But she was not. Perric drummed his fingers on the armrest.
“I suppose I must allow the academy their politics. But why is there only one…channel?”
Sighing in relief, the half-Elf spread her hands, adopting a conciliatory tone.
“High King Perric, the proposed system of—magic-vision is extremely complicated to make. At the moment, three Archmages and many of Wistram’s finest [Mages] have only been able to create a magical system capable of supporting one unified broadcast. However, with time and perhaps additional resources, more dedicated broadcasts will be possible. It is Wistram’s goal that anyone with a scrying orb might be able to watch any number of important events, even switching between the two.”
Perric snorted at the speech.
