7.11
Page 27
Seborn nodded. Wailant paused, staring at Seborn. He glanced at his wife. She glared, but then stood up. Wailant turned back, mug in hand.
“Funny. I’ve actually heard of your crew. Seborn, was it? The Siren’s Depths are part of the Undersea Crews. Pretty good name, right?”
“You could say that. We had our fair share of action over the years.”
Seborn’s Human eye narrowed. Wailant went on, clenching his other fist.
“You know—your ship’s actually sunk some of the Steelsails ships before. Didn’t know if you’d know that.”
“I tend to lose count about land-[Pirate] ships. But that sounds about right. I don’t remember any Steelsails Armada ships personally, but they clashed with some of the Drowned Folk.”
Seborn never blinked. Wailant leaned over.
“Only the bastards that attacked us. Friend.”
The Drowned Man opened his mouth to reply as he tensed. And Erin interrupted both of them.
“But that’s all in the past, right? Nobody is going to start a fight.”
The air grew heavy at the table. Seborn and Wailant looked up. Wailant blinked. Seborn rolled his shoulders. Both men stared at Erin.
And the full force of her aura pressed down on them. Erin wasn’t used to using it; Lyonette said she lacked finessed, but what she had was power. This was her inn. And she was Level 40.
“No one’s going to fight.”
Erin stared at both of them. The pressure wasn’t exactly gravity; if it was, the chairs might have broken. It only affected the two men, and it made movement—slow. Seborn slowly raised a hand, concentrating even to lift it. Wailant stared up at Erin. Then he looked at Seborn.
“Sea salt. Is she real? Or twice as old as she looks?”
“You’d be surprised.”
The Drowned Man gave Erin a cool look. She glared back.
“No fighting. I don’t know what this is about, but I’m not having a fight here!”
“It’s a seafarer’s quarrel, Miss. Mind shoving off?”
Wailant glanced over his shoulder. He had an uncooperative look on his face. Erin glared at him.
“You can sit right here until you make up, then. How about that?”
The [Pirate] eyed Erin. Then he looked at the other [Pirate].
“Salt and sea, this is a strange inn. Well, if that’s the way it’s gotta be, fine.”
Wailant raised his mug, toasted Seborn, and then tossed the contents over his shoulder into Erin’s face. She stumbled backwards, eyes stinging, and her control over her aura vanished. Wailant knocked the table over—
And Seborn’s fist hit him in the face. Wailant went over backwards as the Drowned Man leapt to his feet, but the other [Pirate] was up in an instant.
“Come on, you drowned bastard!”
The two charged at each other. Seborn was smaller than Wailant by a good bit, but he ducked and punched, retreating as Wailant swung and grabbed a chair. One was big and fast the other nimble and faster. But Wailant caught Seborn with a kick that sent him skidding backwards. Seborn flipped backwards and dashed forwards.
“[Dirty Feint]!”
Wailant twisted, arm snaking out.
“[Blur Leap].”
Seborn leapt around him. He got Wailant with three punches, ducked a swipe, and got clipped by a chair.
“Fight! Fight!”
The inn was on its feet as the regulars backed up from the moving whirlwind of punches. The two [Pirates] rolled, fought, cursing each other and swearing as Erin wiped at her face. Mrsha was nowhere to be seen. Viceria had thrown up her hands. Lyonette was getting a drink. Garia was about to leap into the fight with Ulinde when Erin pointed.
“Enough!”
The air grew heavy again. And this time it was weight. Both [Pirates] staggered and stopped, panting. They looked at Erin.
