7.11
Page 38
Mrsha stared. There they stood.
Goblins.
The mists cleared, and they stood or sat on the grassy hill. Goblins. Too many to count. They had not been there for Mrsha, or even Erin. It was as if they had been waiting for him. Now, they were here.
Goblins. Every one Erin had known. And she had known so many. From the Goblins who she had buried, that a Senior Guardsman had killed so long ago to the ones who had died…it felt like yesterday. But it was three of them that crushed Numbtongue’s chest, made him bow his head and clutch at the grass.
Bugear, Headscratcher, and Shorthilt. They stood together. Bugear’s sword was drawn. Shorthilt was kneeling, maintaining his blade. And Headscratcher was leaning on his axe.
They stared ahead, towards some foe in the distance. None of them were relaxed. That was not how they had lived or died. But they looked—content. And they stood as part of a group.
But their companions Erin had not known. And it was enough. Numbtongue could see the others, as if they stood there. He curled up, tears, running from his crimson eyes. And then he looked. He had to.
So many faces. Spiderslicer, sauntering out of the inn for a duel with Redscar. Noears, laughing as he had in his last moments on the roof of the inn. Eater of Spears, a silent shadow.
And—Garen Redfang. He sat on the back of a Carn Wolf, and stared down at Numbtongue. Even him. The [Bard] looked up.
“Chieftain.”
He touched at his heart. And he knelt.
They were all there. Goblins whom Erin had known but for a moment. But she cared. Pyrite should have been there. But she had never known him. And the others—
Pyrite was not there. But another Goblin sat, at the lonely table made of stone. Next to Garen. Numbtongue had almost missed him. But now he saw the last Goblin, smiling with bitter regret.
Reiss.
He looked as he had when Erin had seen him die. A hole in his chest, held together just by will and a [Necromancer]’s magic. Dying. Numbtongue looked at his face. He looked at Garen, and his brother. And he turned away.
Something struck Numbtongue, as he wandered the hill, looking at faces, battering his heart against memory. He went back to the three Redfangs. And he searched.
But there were no other Goblins. And there should have been. At least two. But no matter how long Numbtongue searched, he couldn’t find them. He came back to the trio at last and realized.
There was no Rabbiteater. Or Badarrow.
And Numbtongue had to believe that meant something. No—surely it did. Or else he would stand among them. And if they weren’t there, that meant one thing.
The Hobgoblin’s legs gave out a second time. But this time he fell on his rear, in the soft grass.  And he began to laugh.
The Goblin’s laughter echoed from the lonely hill. It echoed across the garden. Numbtongue laughed so hard his ribs hurt. And then he wept, cried with happiness. And sadness.
By the time Mrsha came with Erin, Numbtongue was just sitting there. Staring up at their faces. The little Gnoll shyly hid at the outskirts of that place. The [Goblin Soulbard] looked up as Erin walked over. Her footsteps were faltering. And she stared at the Goblins as he had.
But then she looked at him. Slowly, Erin walked over. She stared at the three Redfangs. And her face was pale. Her voice was soft.
“I just remembered. Sanctuary means a safe place. A reserve. But it also means a sacred place. That’s what the definition is.”
She looked at Numbtongue.
“I’m sorry.”
He smiled. Erin was uncomprehending, but Numbtongue pointed.
“Look. They’re missing.”
