7.11
Page 40
But Mrsha had plans too. This was her garden! She was going to plant all kinds of things here and make them grow. The [Druid] liked that thought. She raced around the garden after a short nap. Then she found something horribly offensive besides Wailant.
It was in the tropical, humid area. Mrsha had a lot of things that had to go, including the pricker bushes. But this? This had to go too.
It was a big tree with…big pods. Orange-brown, deep purple-red, and fat. Bigger than blue-juice trees, or anything else Mrsha had ever seen. Some were reddish, but some of the fallen pods had turned yellow too. Mrsha stared up at them, perplexed.
What a yucky tree. Ew! Not in her garden! The [Druid] frowned darkly. She’d be making big changes here! The Faerie Flowers would be perfect on the sad hill. The mean drunk [Pirate Farmer] could grow his stupid Sage’s Grass—whatever that was—in the meadow, but Mrsha was going to plant nice flowers! And blue fruit trees! And—um—more flowers! For Apista!
She wasn’t going to have nasty pod-trees, no sir! Mrsha kicked a pod savagely. Then she sniffed it, and shook her head. It smelled odd! Odd, foreign—she was sure it would be horrible to taste.
Mrsha waved her wand at the tree, furious at its yuckiness. She was about to cast some horrible, Tier 9 spell on it when a Centaur emerged from the bushes.
“Whew! Thank goodness for emergency bushes. Erin really needs an outhouse for—aah!”
He jumped as Mrsha stared at him. Palt immediately backed up. He guiltily shuffled his hooves.
“I uh—disposed of my waste! I can vanish it! Don’t worry about it! It’s just inconvenient for Centaurs to—oh, it’s just you.”
He breathed a sigh of relief as it turned out to just be Mrsha. She glared and signed with her paws. Palt stared at her blankly.
“What’s that, Miss Mrsha? No need to worry. I do actually have my ways. Er—don’t tell Miss Solstice, would you?”
He noticed the tree Mrsha was so furious about as the Gnoll glared. The Centaur eyed the pod Mrsha was kicking and her apparent disgust. He smiled as he levitated the pod up with a flick of the fingers.
“Oh. Cacao trees. That’s a Baleros-native. I think I saw some Chandrarian plants over there in the arid section. They have a fruit on the inside which is edible. Not exactly good if you ask me; too fruity and slimy. But some of our uh, guests at Wistram have been making a fuss over them.”
Mrsha paused. Edible? She wanted to taste it. She pointed and opened her mouth. Even Palt got that one.
“Miss Solstice, would it be fine if I fed this cacao fruit to Mrsha? I can assure you  it’s quite edible.”
The [Innkeeper] was talking with Wailant and the others. Her head turned, vaguely.
“Huh? What’s that, Palt?”
Her eyes were red and Palt stopped. He pointed, lamely.
“You have a tree over there. I don’t mean to disturb. But Miss Mrsha—”
He gestured to Mrsha. The Gnoll signed about Palt pooping. Erin’s brows crossed. She stared at Palt. He turned beet red. Erin’s mouth opened.
And then she paused. The word echoed around her brain a bit. And to be fair, Erin at first assumed it was a word from this world. But had such similarities. And if you knew a bit, a bit at all…
“Say that again? What did you call that tree?”
Palt shrugged.
“Cacao trees. And over there I swear I saw some nali sugarcane. Which would be amazing if you could—”
He broke off as Erin charged. She grabbed the pod like an American football and raised it into the air. She uttered a cry that made everyone turn to her. And the [Innkeeper] stared up at the pod and uttered one word.
“Chocolate.”
 

