7.11
Page 18
“And let you go without hospitality? We’ve got guest beds. Garia, tell me more about the door. You too, Numbtongue.”
“Dad, Numbtongue’s not the boss. Don’t pressure him!”
Garia warned Wailant. He grinned, throwing an arm around Numbtongue.
“Sure, sure. You don’t speak for her. Erin Solstice, you said? Have another drink.”
And Numbtongue felt a bit uneasy. But Garia gave him a reassuring thumbs-up. He didn’t know what her plan was—until he saw her disappear into the kitchen. When she came back, Wailant insisted on everyone having another round.
Garia poured the drinks. Numbtongue sniffed, smelled the wine and the other, more potent alcohol, and took only a sip. Wailant downed his cup and went over.
“Honestly, Garia.”
Viceria had taken a deep drink, but she only sighed at her daughter’s duplicity. Garia stuck out her tongue at her father.
“He’ll be fine. You want me to help put him in bed?”
“No need.”
Viceria sighed. She flicked her fingers and the [Green Mage] and her husband stood. Well, she was levitating him. Numbtongue stared.
“I’ll put him in bed and give him something for the drink. Too much is poisonous, Garia.”
“And you have all kinds of hangover and anti-drunkenness potions. Dad’s pushy. He’d try and get you to agree to something. Watch out for my mom. She’ll try to do the same, which is why I’m here.”
Garia confided in Numbtongue. Viceria shot her daughter a cool look.
“It’s just business, Garia.”
“And Numbtongue’s a friend. So is Erin. The farm’s doing fine.”
“There’s a [Trade War]—”
“Where are those the disposable wands dad likes to buy each time the [Merchant] comes around?”
The [Green Mage] sighed.
“I’ll put your father to bed. I might be a while. Garia, will you show Numbtongue our guest room?”
“Sure.”
Garia had a mildly triumphant look as she watched her parents disappear. She seemed proud, so Numbtongue kept chewing his last bites. He was stuffed. But drinking had made him hungry again, so here he was.
Then he and Garia were staring at each other. Awkwardly, now. It was the first time they’d really talked alone, for all Garia claimed friendship. She took a sip from her cup. Numbtongue paused and then nodded towards the parent’s bedroom.
“Your mom is powerful.”
Garia started.
“What? Oh, yeah. She is. I don’t really think about it, but mom is a full [Mage] of Wistram. She mostly just uses her magic to help with the farm, though.”
“Can you do magic?”
Numbtongue eyed Garia. She shook her head.
“Basic spells. I don’t have the talent. I have a few levels, but I don’t like studying magic. It’s confusing and it’s a lot of hard work. You have to spend like, twenty years to get good at it unless you’re a genius. And I’m not. Mom offered to teach me until I got into Wistram, but I was a [Farmer] and then I wanted to be a Runner.”
“Mm.”
The Hobgoblin nodded. After a moment, he gestured at the room Viceria had pulled Wailant through.
“Thank you.”
“It’s nothing. Sorry my dad kidnapped you. He’s pushy. He does that to people he likes.”
“It was good. I was hiding from the City Watch.”
“Yeah. Um—so. We haven’t talked much, but I just wanted to say I’m sorry.”
“About what?”
“The…battle at Liscor. Erin told me. I only heard about it. I’m—really sorry.”
“You didn’t do anything.”
The Hobgoblin half-turned away, pretending to stare at one of the paintings. Garia hesitated. She put a hand over the table.
“No, but I’m sorry it happened. I didn’t know the others, or you, really. But I’m…sorry. That’s all I wanted to say. Sorry.”
