7.11
Page 21
The Hobgoblin leaned back as Garia punched at his chest. She ran forwards—he swayed upright. But he still had time as her fist came at his chest. He blocked—
The Hobgoblin staggered backwards, stumbled, and caught himself. He stared at his arms and shook them out. Then at Garia. She had a heavy punch. She grinned.
“See?”
“[Enhanced Strength].”
The Hobgoblin narrowed his eyes. Garia blinked.
“How did you—ah!”
Numbtongue jumped at her and kicked. Garia blocked and stumbled backwards. Numbtongue went low, about to hook her legs, but Garia recovered. She was on the wrong foot, and saw him coming in. So the [Martial Artist] in training shouted.
“[Flash Kick]!”
Her foot blurred. The Hobgoblin saw the kick coming, but he couldn’t dodge in time. It hit his guard, and sent him flying—into the wall of the barn. Numbtongue hit the wall, fell down, and lay there.
“Oh dead gods! Are you alright?”
Garia stared in horror, and then dashed over to him. Numbtongue stared upwards at the barn as the cows mooed and Viceria came to find her guest with bruised ribs. Garia apologized profusely, but she did point out she’d technically won.
Numbtongue informed her that he hadn’t used his guitar. He was let into bed with a healing potion for his chest, and slept, reflecting that maybe there was something to her class. She certainly hit like Pyrite. The Hob had opined in Numbtongue’s head that he could have beaten Garia in a fight. For now. But he’d prefer an axe.
The Hobgoblin slept, bemused by his encounter with this strange family. And the next day, the family came to the inn. And it was Erin’s turn to experience the Erin-effect. Only, Strongheart-style.
 
—-
 
The next day, Erin Solstice waited by the magical door, a bit anxiously. She knew Numbtongue was safe. Palt had gotten the [Message] and between trying to settle Octavia, Temile and the Players of Celum and deal with the angry [Messages] she was getting from Celum, Erin hadn’t been able to check on him.
But he was her first priority this morning. Garia had assured Erin that her family would take care of him and apparently they were hosting him overnight? That was weird, but it made Erin hope the other family members weren’t jerks.
“What do you think the family’s like? Ryoka visited, but she didn’t say much. Which was Ryoka. You were there, right Mrsha? Are they nice people?”
Lyonette asked Mrsha as the Gnoll cub stood on two legs and waved her wand, creating a bed of grass. Mrsha paused as she began to uproot the magical grass and nodded, vaguely. Erin waited.
The magical door sprang to life and Erin saw bright sunlight. She heard a voice instantly, as the figures on the other side recoiled.
“Buggering kings, it works! Look at that!”
A man stood in the doorway, staring through at Erin and Lyonette. The [Innkeeper] saw a woman dressed in a [Mage]’s robe, Garia, and—
“Numbtongue! Are you okay?”
Erin waved at the Hobgoblin, smiling in relief. Numbtongue smiled back too. He looked fine. She saw him walk forwards—
And the man with tattoos strode through the door. He stared around at the inn, blinked at Erin, and stuck a hand in her face.
“Wailant Strongheart, humble [Farmer] or something at your service. This the inn my girl keeps talking up? Here, have a pie as thanks. Mind if I come in? Dead gods! Viceria, come see this!”
“Don’t be rude, Wailant.”
