7.11
Page 4
Literally. Rufelt had a Skill. [Bar: Selective Admission]. It could literally keep anyone below his level from casually walking in. But emergencies and higher-level individuals were an exception.
And that happened now. The door to the bar burst open and a Dullahan hurried into the room. Or rather—his head. Rufelt looked up from the bar as the apprentice Dullahan hurried him over.
It was rare to see a Dullahan without their body, but the strange, armored folk of Baleros could separate body parts and send them long distances. Usually only a hundred feet, but with practice, you could go further. It was said the Seer of Steel could control his body thousands of miles from his head.
In this case, the Dullahan was doing this on purpose. He was another [Bartender], whose body could make drinks while his head spoke or interacted with his clients. Tonight, however, the head looked anxious, which meant for a Dullahan he was panicking.
“Rufelt! I must seek your help.”
“What’s the matter, Yeart?”
Rufelt didn’t stop fixing his drink, but he turned to the Dullahan as his assistant put the head on the counter and stepped back, bowing. Yeart looked up at Rufelt, worry written all across his face.
“My bar is under siege. You know I just bought a scrying orb? I had a full bar when it happened.”
“Oh no. Were there—”
Yeart nodded, miserably. It was difficult without a neck, but Dullahans could do it.
“Some of the Gnoll families had children watching the broadcast! They’re all howling and I need something to serve them! The parents too!”
Rufelt cursed. Few of his clients had children, but he could just imagine the scene. He looked around.
“Xif, calming tonics. Can Yeart buy some from you?”
“Send a Runner. I’ll bill him later.”
The Gnoll raised a paw. Rufelt nodded to Yeart. The Dullahan was concentrating. His actual body was writing out a request to be fulfilled immediately by a Street Runner; they often lingered around bars or places where they knew they’d find steady work.
“How heavy are the Gnoll kids, Yeart?”
“Um—young. Some are barely old, but the ones who are old enough to know what happened must be—ten? Eight? And older!”
Rufelt nodded. He grabbed the calming tonic and brought it down so the Dullahan could see. He shot a drink sideways as he made a second one, demonstrating.
“Listen up. You give them one drop per three stones. Estimate low instead of high. Don’t mix it with alcohol for the kids. Give them milk, juice, and mix it in—”
“No milk.”
The two [Alchemists] chorused instantly. Rufelt and Yeart looked over, the Dullahan apprentice turning the [Bartender]’s head. Saliss waved one claw.
“That’s right, no milk. Not if it’s the whole thing. A tiny amount’s good, but milk reacts with the calming tonic. Juice is fine. No carrot juice, though. Carrots mess with potions.”
“Who drinks carrots—?”
Yeart’s mystified voice was lost as Rufelt kept giving him orders. At his table, Grimalkin snorted. Chaldion smiled as he pulled something out of his bag of holding.
“Doesn’t that Courier drink it too, Magus? Hawk.”
“He put me onto it. A nutritious drink. I’ve persuaded Miss Lasica to keep a stock—with some of her classic infusions for muscular growth. Both he and I drink it.”
The [Chef] was known for her ability to make food that would make you shed weight no matter how much you ate. She could also make dishes that gave you energy all day, and so on. Erin was taking lessons from her.
