7.11
Page 32
“For an entire field’s worth. A single plant grown to maturity with multiple leaves—with our quality and size, not wild-grown—is three gold pieces. Might not even be that much! Say it’s only sixty Sage’s Grass that you need to keep that door charged. Actually, I remember selling thirty-eight last year to some Gnoll in Pallass. Gouged him a bit, but we’ll give you a friendly rate. So—thirty eight times three…you do that math.”
Erin paused. She could do that math, but she would have liked a calculator. Erin’s mouth moved wordlessly. Half the people in the crowd and the [Mages] instantly began adding up. But it was Wailant who beat them all.
“38 shares of 3 coin’s loot makes out to 114 gold pieces. Which is nothing. I bet you this inn pulls in that much in a month, at least, eh? Hold on, if each customer pays about a silver coin’s worth per night, which used to be standard in fare, but if we assume one silver coin and eight which is the standard for pricy damn inns, multiply that by say, an average visitor number of say, eighty bastards per night, that’s…7 gold and 4 silver if I’m right.”
Erin stared. Wailant was counting on his fingers. He shrugged.
“Could be off. Call half that for paying staff and food. You’re looking at 3 gold and 12 silver. Which means you’d pay off a field’s earnings in a month and a day on your daily profits alone! I’m the bastard being set up here!”
“Wait, your math is wrong. I’m not getting that. Wait—how much per each coin?”
Erin was trying to confirm the [Pirate]’s quick calculus. Lyonette whispered to Erin.
“It’s 10 coppers per silver, and 20 silver per gold piece. I think he’s close, Erin. How in the world…?”
Wailant grinned.
“Pirate’s math. Can’t be off when you’re calculating your haul in front of a group with quick hands. See? It could be cheap! But let’s count on an entire field since you’re using that door. Happily, I have a full stock of seeds since we just finished the first harvest…so let’s call it two hundred plants and go up?”
“Two hundred? Wait, that is six hundred gold.”
“Exactly, and we’re selling it to you at the base price. Because we’ll be using your door. Normally, we’d mark it up.”
Wailant tucked his thumbs in his belt. Viceria nudged him.
“Make it eight hundred gold, Wailant. Or four gold and six silver per plant if we go lower. We have to pay more for fertilizer since the trade war’s cutting off our usual supplier.”
“Mom! Erin can’t pay for that!”
Garia protested. Her parents both stared at her, looking hurt at this betrayal. Wailant shook his head.
“Why not? She’s got a magic door, right? She can charge a mint for it! And we have to look out for the farm, Garia. Don’t want your parents to starve, right?”
The City Runner folded her arms. Erin saw Beza surreptitiously flexing her abdomen behind her. Ulinde was staring. Selphids had a thing for bodies.
“Starve? You bought that wine from Chandrar! And Mom said you bought fourteen books—and a bunch of that Terandrian beef! You didn’t even give me a steak when I came home!”
“Yeah, well, it was too good to leave. Come back home more often.”
“But what if I can’t afford it? Lyonette, can I afford it?”
Erin turned to the [Princess]. Wailant waved a hand.
“Not to worry. You live here. Have a little Gnoll kid and an inn? You’re not going anywhere. I’ll take installments. We’ll work out a contract. Not even a blood contract! We’ll just sign a basic magic contract. We have some, right, Viceria?”
“That’s correct.”
“Mother! Erin’s my friend! Lower the price a bit!”
Garia was red-faced. But her father just laughed. He wagged a finger at Erin.
