7.11
Page 26
“That’s odd. I could’ve sworn I heard one of those Drowned Bastards talking. But they’re not proper [Pirates], are they? Just water-[Raiders], really. Poncing about in their fancy ships and running from a real fight.”
Erin stared at Seborn. The Drowned Man’s non-crustacean half looked at her, and then he pulled up a chair. Viceria, Lyonette, and Erin all saw Wailant turn. The [Pirate]-[Farmer] paused, then exclaimed.
“Well, well, well! A fellow sea dog! I’d not bet on seeing a Drowned Man so far from shores!”
“Salt and shore harbor you. Friend.”
Seborn, the Gold-rank adventurer, and [Rogue]-[Pirate] rested one arm on the table. His claw-arm, which was part crab, or lobster or something. Erin had never really asked.
Nor did Seborn talk about the sea. She only knew he had been a [Pirate] from Jelaqua or something. But right now…he stared at Wailant. And Erin had a definite sense that his smile was fake.
“What brings a Drowned Man ashore, anyways?”
“I’m an adventurer. Gold-rank. Halfseekers.”
The [Farmer] didn’t budge. He grinned, eying Seborn up and down.
“Adventurer, huh? Respectable, respectable. What, you too tired of the sea-life too, pal? I should’ve brought my deck of cards or dice! Innkeeper, you have any sets?”
“Cards? No, I—”
Erin began, but Seborn spoke over her. She wasn’t really part of the conversation, she realized.
“I just got tired of the waves for a while. As you do. It’s good to meet another of the sea folk. Have you been away from the oceans for long? Buddy?”
Wailant slowly sipped from his mug.
“As a matter of fact, it’s been over a decade. Chum.”
“Wailant…”
Viceria’s tone was a warning, but Wailant just smiled at his wife. She put a hand on his arm.
“Erin! Erin, this is bad!”
An urgent whisper made Erin look around. She got up with Lyonette as Seborn and Wailant kept bantering back and forth. Erin stared at a pale-faced Gnoll. She was unfamiliar until she recognized the dead skin, the peculiar aroma the Selphids used to preserve bodies.
“Ulinde?”
The Selphid [Spellslinger] nodded quickly. Erin glanced at Seborn.
“What’s with Seborn?”
“He’s a [Pirate], Erin. Don’t you know?”
“Yeah, and so is Wailant. Why are they getting mad at each other?”
The Selphid stared at Erin as if she was joking. Then she whispered urgently.
“Erin—Drowned People and regular [Sailors] and [Pirates] do not get along. Oh no. Where’s Jelaqua when you need her? Or Moore?”
“Uh oh. I forgot—”
Lyonette covered her face. Erin stared at Ulinde. Enemies? Why? But now was not the time to ask.
“Jelaqua’s in Pallass with Moore, right? You’ll have to drag Seborn away.”
The Selphid recoiled at the suggestion.
“Me? I’m just a rookie! I can’t—”
Wailant drained half his mug and slammed it onto the table. Erin turned around. The [Pirate] spoke up as every head turned. Some of the regulars were already taking bets.
“Six tables and a chair! At least that, and six silver if it’s below—”
“I bet at least one window—”
“So what’s your crew, Seborn Sailwinds? The Wispguides? Are you part of the Undersea Crews? No—maybe one of the Krakenborne?”
Seborn shifted in his chair and gave Wailant the kind of grin someone saw before they died.
“I sailed with The Siren’s Depths. What about you? Seagrass’ Navy? Bloodtear Pirates?”
Wailant looked offended as Erin edged around the table. She was going to stop this. She began to concentrate. Now, how did it go? She had to pull…or was it—?
“What do you take me for? No, I was with the Steelsails Armada. You ever heard of them?”
“Respectable. That’s a good group.”
