7.11
Page 30
“I can charge it once and halfway. Regular [Mages] would struggle, Mage Viceria, but I’m afraid the door’s under strict control after the Pallass incident. And you know Drake regulations…”
“I see. That is a problem.”
The woman was sighing. It was at that moment when Wailant, glancing at the open double doors leading to the hallway, wandered off. He wasn’t allowed in the discussion, so he devoted his time to staring at the other sights the inn had.
And it had plenty. But the [Pirate] was most interested in the Garden of Sanctuary. He swore softly as Mrsha trotted through it, with Garia. Numbtongue kept glancing up, but he didn’t know what the door was, and Octavia was talking to him, worried about suddenly quitting Celum.
Wailant tried to follow Garia through the door with Mrsha. He slammed against the open doorway, cursed a blue streak, and was grudgingly let in for a look as Erin sighed.
Rather than disappear for a while as Erin had hoped, he came storming out of the door a minute later. Viceria glared, but Wailant strode up to the table with a huge grin on his face. He pointed at Erin.
“Aha! Tell you what—I’ll help you upgrade that door of yours.”
The discussion halted as Palt, Viceria, Erin, and everyone else in earshot turned to look at him. Viceria glowered at her husband as the two other Wistram [Mages] looked up.
“Wailant, dear. If Palt, Miss Montressa, Miss Beza, and the other [Mages] couldn’t upgrade the door, I doubt I could do a thing. Nor would I risk it.”
“Oh yeah? I can do it. And what’s more, I can have it done within a few days! Half a week at most! It’ll be simple and it’ll work.”
“What? No way. Pisces and the others couldn’t figure out how to alter the spell!”
Erin gave Wailant a severe look. He waved a hand, laughing.
“Alter the spell? What am I, an [Enchanter]? I know what Viceria said. Hah! [Mages], always making things too complex when there’s simple answers. I’m surprised your Drowned Boy didn’t think of it. I had the idea when I just saw that magical garden of yours. Safe, is it?”
Seborn glanced up from his table. He was lounging about, and Ulinde was doing little Cantrips to amuse them as they waited. There were board games, but neither adventurer was interested. Maybe Erin did need more entertainments, like cards. Or…pool? She made a note as she stared at Wailant.
“Yeah, it’s really safe. No one can get in, I think. Why?”
“Well, that’s all I need. Pay me and I’ll make sure your door can ferry as much as you want to Pallass! Maybe not all the time, but enough to keep it running with a lot more magical power!”
“Wailant, how could you do that?”
Seborn was eying Wailant. The [Pirate] had a gleam in his eyes and a very smug smile. He spread his arms wide.
“When it comes to fancy magic and whale’s crap like that, everyone has a bunch of fancy ideas. New Skills! Enchant it better! Make a gemstone ley line harnessing all the magical power in the region! But look, if you want magic, why not try a [Farmer]’s solution?”
Erin’s brow wrinkled. But across the room, Beza sprayed her drink out her nose. Palt’s mouth opened and the cigar dropped on the table as he got what Wailant was saying. Viceria sat up.
“You don’t mean—”
“What? What?”
Erin looked around. Wailant’s grinned.
“Miss Solstice, did you know Sage’s Grass is magical stuff? It grows and generates magic. Like rare monsters. That’s why [Alchemists] love it. If you want free mana, just plant a bunch of Sage’s Grass and crap around the inn.”
For a second Erin stared. Then she looked at Palt.
“Wait, would that work?”
“I—”
