7.11
Page 28
And she was mad. Wailant and Seborn exchanged a glance, and lowered their fists. The room went still. Someone collected their bets on an [Innkeeper] stop.
And a door swung open from the sides. Everyone turned to stare.
Mrsha peeked out from the garden, staring around warily. Lyonette rose.
“Good job, Mrsha!”
The Gnoll trotted out of the Garden of Sanctuary. Wailant stared. Erin stalked over and pointed.
“What was that? I told you—”
Wailant grinned in the angry [Innkeeper]’s face. He raised his arms—with difficulty.
“Sorry, sorry. Just had to get it out there. Can’t let a Drowned Man walk around and think he’s better than a real [Pirate].”
“Seborn?”
Erin rounded on the Drowned Man. Seborn shrugged unapologetically.
“It’s a custom, Erin. His people have killed friends of mine.”
“Custom? You mean, punching each other in the head is normal?”
Both [Pirates] nodded.
“Only way, isn’t it? Can’t let a bastard who’s spilled your crew’s blood walk around. He’s a Drowned Man. They fight other [Pirates]. Think they own the seas.”
Wailant pointed at Seborn. The Drowned Man shrugged.
“I don’t see you breathing in the water.”
“And his lot have sunk more than their fair share of crews. But that’s all. A few punches and we’re set. It’s also part of the code. No use spilling sea-blood when there are all these landfolk around. We’re quits, whatever might have passed. Right, Sailwinds?”
“Fair enough, Strongheart. Let’s call it there.”
Seborn eyed Erin and nodded. Erin stared between the two. Wailant slapped Seborn on the back.
“Then we’ll have a drink, later! We’re staying the night, you know. We can talk about the sea.”
“Sounds good. I’ll introduce you to my team.”
The Drowned Man was nodding. Not exactly smiling, but he’d relaxed. They turned to Erin—the aura was still weighing them down—and gave her a look. Erin threw up her arms.
“What was that?”
“It’s just a greeting. What’s got you so mad?”
Wailant’s flippant remark was the last straw. Erin snapped. She was covered in sticky ale. And annoyed, before the ale had landed. She pointed at Wailant.
“You, buddy! And I don’t think I want to let you sell Sage’s Grass through my inn! I’m not getting in trouble for selling Sage’s Grass to another city! I don’t need to be banned from Liscor and Pallass! And you’re a jerk!”
Across the room, Viceria poured herself a drink and put her head down at the bar. Lyonette gave her a sympathetic look. Wailant spluttered, holding his hands out.
“Don’t be like that, Miss Solstice! It’s seafarer’s—come on, have a drink.”
“I have one on my face!”
“Erin—I’m really sorry. Dad, shut up. Go over there. Here, I have a handkerchief—”
Garia hurried over as Wailant held up his hands in a ‘what did I do wrong?’ gesture. Numbtongue was cracking up a bit, but he went still when Erin glared around. Lyonette came over with some water and they tried to help Erin clean off, but she really needed a bath.
“This isn’t funny!”
“It’s sort of funny.”
“It’s hilarious.”
Seborn disappeared as Erin glared at him. But Lyonette was nodding.
“Erin, give him a second chance. Let’s get you cleaned up—Ishkr! We’re going to need a bath! We have the hot tubs set up, and we’ll have a bathing room when the inn’s finished.”
“He’s a jerk!”
“He reminds me of you, a bit. A male you, Erin.”
“He does not. Stop saying stuff like this! You’re hurting my feelings!”
 
—-
 
A bit later, some more guests had come into the inn and Erin was clean. Wailant did apologize, sincerely, as both his wife and daughter helped him and apologized with him. Erin was cooled down a bit, but she did not like Wailant.
