7.11
Page 29
He got on her nerves. And Lyonette’s pushy remark didn’t help. But she had to admit, Garia vouchsafing for her parents made sense. And Seborn himself had apologized.
“It is a custom, Erin. I’d have warned you, but it was that or stab him. It’s not just words. His lot have killed Drowned People. Either I hit him or we went for blades.”
“It’s just—fine. Fine. You’re on my bad list, Seborn! I dunno what that means, but you’re on it for today!”
Erin scowled around, but she went back to the table. With Viceria and Palt. The Centaur had come in—he came in every day—and he was chatting with Viceria.
“Mage Viceria, you have my thanks. And it’s a pleasure to see you again.”
“Likewise, Palt. I must say I’m surprised to see you again. And this door!”
Viceria was nodding as they talked. Erin blinked at the two of them.
“Wait, you know each other? Hi, Montressa. Beza.”
She stared at the two [Mages] who were sitting at another table. Beza and Montressa nodded back, polite as ever. Then Erin turned to Palt. He was nodding.
“I stopped by the Strongheart farm on the way here. Miss Viceria is actually a part of my faction.”
“Distantly. One has to be affiliated, but I’m on the outside.”
Viceria smiled. Erin blinked at her.
“Ullsinoi? Hey…are you an [Illusionist]?”
She narrowed her eyes at Viceria and Palt. The woman laughed.
“I’m a [Green Mage], as I said, Miss Erin. Not everyone who’s affiliated with the Ullsinoi faction are [Illusionists]. And it is quite a practical group to associate with. My role is just to supply some of what they need. It’s good marketing, for a [Farmer].”
She nodded at Palt. Erin blinked, and then glanced at the Centaur. He was smoking one of his smoke-less cigars.
“So you grow uh, Palt’s stuff?”
The Centaur coughed, looking pained at Erin’s oblique way of referencing his habits. Which was also how she thought about it. It was still illegal stuff in Erin’s mind, but Viceria didn’t miss a beat.
“Dreamleaf? I have a few plants, yes. I can sell you some, Miss Solstice, if you’d like? As well as a gift, for my husband’s behavior.”
“Erin doesn’t smoke any, Miss Viceria. I know, but she’s strictly against all forms of relaxation.”
Palt sighed. Erin opened her mouth to argue it out, but gave up. Wasn’t it bad for you? She didn’t actually know, she just knew it was illegal—and people had been trying to make it un-illegal when she’d left. But she wasn’t a cool kid, in that she’d never taken up invitations to smoke weed. Or drink, that much. Chess was her fuel!
“We’re just acquaintances. But perhaps Palt can help persuade you to let us have another chance. You won’t have to interact with my husband, Miss Solstice. And I’d like to apologize again—”
“It’s fine. Seborn explained it. I guess it’s okay, but look—I’m serious about Pallass. The door has problems. There’s not enough magic, and people are starting to go to Pallass every day! I sent two this morning—and if I sent more, the door runs outta power. It’s two per day, so you’ll have to sign up, and there’s a waiting list of a month now!”
“A month!?”
Wailant shot to his feet. Viceria pointed.
“Sit!”
“Can’t we charge the door up?”
“I mean, that’s what Moore’s doing, but you have to pay for that and clear it with the Pallass [Watch Captain]. Which I doubt they’ll be happy with. The Halfseekers only get special treatment because they helped save the city. And it takes a lot of mana. Moore can only do it for two people before he gets tired and he has a lot of mana, apparently.”
Viceria was frowning. Palt was nodding as he explained about the issue.
