7.11
Page 22
Erin saw Viceria Strongheart and Garia come through. She found a pie in her hands, smelling of rhubarb, and found her hand being crushed by Wailant until Viceria introduced herself. Numbtongue trooped through and caught Mrsha as she tried to dash through the doorway.
“Viceria Strongheart, at your service. Thank you for being a friend to Garia. I’m sorry about my husband—”
“Oh? You’re Garia’s parents! Right! Wow! Hey, Garia, thanks for bringing the door. Um—[Farmers]?”
Erin stared at the tattoos, a bit lost for words. Wailant had already strode up and down the hallway, noticing the traps. He disappeared through the doors to the common room as Viceria sighed.
“Well, we’re both formerly from other classes. I’m a [Green Mage], and my husband was a [Pirate]—”
“A [Pirate]?”
Erin and Lyonette both exclaimed. Mrsha, wiggled in Numbtongue’s arms as he put her down and closed the doors. She glared at him and then waved, signing in her hand-language.
Welcome back! Meanie!
The Hobgoblin blinked at her.
“Hi. I’m not mean.”
“Hello, little Mrsha! Want to go up?”
Garia bent and gave Mrsha cuddles. The Gnoll happily rode on Garia’s shoulders as Wailant stormed back into the hallway, followed by Palt. Erin’s new regular crew was in today, along with Seborn and Ulinde—the two were in Liscor, comparing potential jobs with the ones from Pallass. Wailant himself was agog.
“We’re in Liscor alright! I’d recognize the lumpy landscape everywhere! So this magic door can take us back and forth as much as we want?”
“That’s right. Um—so you’re a pirate—?”
“What? Sure, sure. That’s right. How does this thing work? Ah! Lookit that!”
Wailant had found the dial system Lyonette had built. He exclaimed as he turned the door to Liscor and thrust it open. A couple of Drakes and Gnolls lined up stepped forwards.
“Oh good. We were—”
Wailant slammed the door. Erin opened her mouth as he checked the dial.
“Liscor. And it even says Pallass. Huh. And it really…?”
He thrust the door open. Erin saw the stone room, and the portcullis. Wailant stared through as a Drake behind the gate jerked upright. He had a little viewing port made of glass and he snapped as he saw Wailant and the others.
“Identify yourself! No one’s scheduled to come through for—”
Wailant shut the door in their faces. He turned to Erin.
“Huh. Touchy bastards, aren’t they? Like half the Drakes I’ve met. So that’s Pallass?”
“That’s right. Um—Wailant Strongheart?”
“That’s my name. And you’re Erin Solstice. Listen, I’ve got a business proposition to you. I’m a [Farmer].”
“Right. And a [Pirate].”
“That’s right. I grow a bunch of crap, but I specialize in Sage’s Grass. I have a harvest ready to go, actually. I’d like to sell to Liscor and Pallass. And to Invrisil if you’ve got a door there! I’ll cut you in on the profits. Just a bit, mind! But you benefit and I don’t have to pay some yapping coin-thief to transport my wares. We both win. What do you say?”
Another hand appeared, pushing towards Erin’s chest. She stared at it, and then at Wailant.
“What? Um—selling—”
“Wailant. Slow down!”
Viceria came up from behind her husband and pulled him back. He grumbled as she smiled at Erin.
“I’m sorry, Wailant was up since dawn thinking about the possibilities of trading his goods to a Walled City directly.”
“Not just to a Walled City! I hear the door’s going to Invrisil too! That true?”
“Oh, yeah. When the door gets there. It should be soon.”
“Then I’ll pay for that too. How about it? Just let me push some Sage’s Grass through. We can do a transportation fee. I’ll make it worth your while. How much gold do you want per trip?”
