7.11
Page 16
“Yeah. Erin sent me, actually. She’s worried about Numbtongue, even though Viceria sent a [Message] saying he was safe. She’s hoping you can let him go through the door.”
“Bah. Let him stay the night. What’s the worry?”
“He’s a Hob, dad. You said you punched him!”
“I kicked him in the nuts. And that’s because no one told me he was allowed in the city. But now we’re chums. He’s a fun one. And he likes it here, right Numbtongue?”
“Hi.”
Numbtongue waved at Garia. She nodded at him, trying to smile. She glanced at her parents. Wailant was looking his daughter up and down.
“So—when d’you think you’ll stop changing around, Garia? It seems like you’re fine enough for anyone’s fancy. Not that you weren’t before—”
Garia stood up abruptly. She glared at Wailant.
“I’m going to the bathroom. One second.”
She walked out of the room. Numbtongue paused with a mouthful of food. He saw Viceria glaring at Wailant.
“Stop pestering her! This is why she hasn’t come back!”
“I just—okay, fine! Fine!”
Wailant protested as Viceria aimed her wand at him. He scowled and folded his arms.
“What’s the problem? People trying to have sex with her?”
Numbtongue looked blankly from Viceria to Wailant. The [Green Mage] started. Then she motioned at Wailant. He grimaced.
“That’d be one thing. How do I explain to you? Well—just look at her. Look what they did, those damned women. Harpies, all of them. You saw how she looked?”
Numbtongue nodded.
“Seems fine to me. Good muscle.”
He patted one arm. Viceria did laugh at that. Wailant shook his head.
“Not that. Her! Damn, you don’t know what she looked like. Take a look—where’s that picture she made us take down, Vicci?”
“I have it. Here. Before she comes back—”
“She’s probably going for a walk. I’ll keep an eye out.”
Viceria hurried into one of the storage rooms. She came back, levitating a painting out. It was of Garia. The [Artist] had clearly embellished her features as one does for a portrait, but he’d kept what was essentially her. And Numbtongue…shrugged.
“Bigger. Ah.”
He remembered his conversations with Erin, and Lyonette worrying about Mrsha being pudgy. Viceria nodded. Wailant muttered as he stared at the old Garia.
“She used to be a sturdy girl. Not gigantic, mind. But properly tough. The kind you’d see on any crew and think twice about tussling with in a ship fight. Dead gods, the women I knew, who could squeeze your head to pieces with one arm!”
Numbtongue nodded. He knew the same types of Hobs, male and female. He still failed to see Wailant’s problem.
“She decided to change herself. She’s not the little girl I raised. She’s lost weight—I’d not recognize her walking down the street. All because that’s the way she thinks she ought to look. Changing her body around like a Drowned Woman with her Skill—what next? Chop off an arm and replace it with one of them fancy magic ones?”
“Shush.”
Viceria came back around the table with a scowl, having put the painting away. She glared at her husband, looking genuinely annoyed with him for once.
“You should treat your daughter’s choices with respect, Wailant Strongheart. We ought to let her be what she wants. So long as she’s not hurting herself, what does it matter? It’s her choice. [Illusionists] do exactly what she does. Except they can only pretend. I use my tonics and spells; why is her Skill wrong?”
She looked hard at her husband. And Wailant hesitated. He opened and closed his mouth, swallowing arguments, and at last, shook it. He looked at Numbtongue.
“Get yourself a good woman, Numbtongue. And it’s get. No lady’ll fish for copper, eh?”
