7.11
Page 35
The Worker waved with one of his four arms. Mrsha somersaulted over to him and Numbtongue waved. He’d gotten to know Bird more since their illicit drinking and Wyvern eating sessions.
“Bird. Hello.”
“Hello, Numbtongue. I have already said hello, but hello again. I heard you were abducted. Now you are here. Do you see the birds?”
The [Bard] looked up.
“Yes.”
“They are flying. They fly away when they see me or the Workers, but if I stand here, they cannot see me. I wonder if I shoot them, will they die? From inside here?”
Bird stared up at the magical opening to the sky. He shook his head slowly.
“But I am banned from shooting birds. Which is sad.”
Mrsha tilted her head. She wasn’t exactly sure why Bird liked killing birds. She waved her paws and the Worker looked down.
“Why do I like killing birds when I like to fly? Because…flying things taste good. And I am jealous they fly. So perhaps we are enemies. But I would be sad if all birds died.”
The logic was far from undeniable. Mrsha and Numbtongue exchanged a look, but the [Bird Hunter] just stood, staring up at the sky. He seemed very content to do just that. Numbtongue looked around.
“Wow.”
He’d heard Erin using the word, but this seemed like the appropriate time for him to use it himself. Mrsha nodded. She ran away and raced back with an armful of flowers. She tossed them at Numbtongue. He grinned.
“Tasty?”
Mrsha sniffed at them and shrugged. The Goblin ate a few.
“Bitter. But good. This place is so…large. It can grow lots of food.”
Mrsha nodded excitedly. So did Bird.
“Very defensible. And there is even food so we will not have to eat each other during a siege.”
“Good point.”
Numbtongue and Bird were on the same wavelength about a lot of things. They stood and chatted as Mrsha raced down the hill to show them more things. And pouted when they didn’t immediately follow. They strolled after her.
“So were you kidnapped? I did not ask.”
“No. Strange Humans took me home.”
“Were they nice?”
Numbtongue rubbed his chest where he’d been kicked. And recalled that he’d been hit twice in the groin since meeting Wailant, albeit once self-inflicted.
“Sort of. Not sure. One is…annoying. Sort of.”
“Would you like me to shoot him? Accidentally?”
One of Bird’s antennae waved winsomely, the equivalent of him winking. It was such an Erin gesture that Numbtongue and Mrsha instantly assumed she’d taught him that. He laughed.
“No. But thank you.”
“You are welcome. Oh look. Mrsha has found water. I will die in water, but only if I drown. Belgrade is afraid of it.”
Bird still strode up to his knees in the pond. He splashed around merrily, and Numbtongue marveled.
And Mrsha—smiled. She waved and the two, Hobgoblin, and Worker, jogged after her, all too willing to let her show them about. And they had time for it. Neither one said ‘we have to do this now, Mrsha’, or ‘maybe we’ll play in a bit, Mrsha’. They were all-in. And Mrsha looked at them and tentatively asked a question. Bird and Numbtongue stared down at her paws.
Do you want to play?
 
—-
 
A few minutes later, Bird poked his head up in the tropical section of the garden. A little, white, furry shape was hiding in a bush. It had taken him a while to find her, with her Skills, but Bird was persistent.
He was also monologuing. Bird whispered as he crept up on the bundle of fur.
“This is Bird the [Hunter]. I am now in sight of my quarry. And now I will sneak up on the helpless Gnoll. I am going to eat her. Probably. Although she might not taste good.”
