7.11
Page 31
The Centaur hesitated, and then turned beet red. Wailant laughed, pointing at his face.
“Why not? See? He didn’t think of it! None of you fancy robes did! Tell ‘em, Seborn!”
The Drowned Man rose. He nodded at Erin.
“Now he says it…Drowned Ships have tanks full of Gleamshrimp and magical underwater plants. They can power an entire ship barrier spell. But I’ve never seen a landfolk version of that.”
“Well, I have. And I’m a farmer and I know it can be done. Tell you what, I’ll sell your [Innkeeper] girl a field’s worth of Sage’s Grass—if she can meet my price. And I’ll give her a small discount if she lets me sell to Invrisil direct!”
Wailant jerked a thumb towards his chest. Erin stared at him. It couldn’t be that simple, right? She looked at Viceria, but the [Green Mage] was smiling. And Palt—
“Would that work, Palt? Really?”
“Er, give me one second, Erin. I need to confer with—”
Palt got to his hooves. He hurried over to the table with Montressa and Beza. Even Ulinde rejoined them for a moment. They moved into a huddle and began discussing. Erin heard things like ‘natural leyline’, ‘ambient mana distribution’, and so on being tossed around. And then silence. Then the [Mages] began to argue hotly.
After a while they began to raise their voices and push each other. And given that one was a Centaur, the other a Minotaur, a Gnoll’s corpse and the fourth a slim young Human woman, Montressa got the worst of it.
“Hey! What’s going on?”
Erin looked at them. The Wistram [Mages] turned back to her, looking shamefaced.
“Er, we’re trying to assign blame over which of us is to blame for not coming up with that idea.”
“Hah! Told you!”
The [Innkeeper]’s jaw dropped as Wailant strutted forwards. Montressa closed her eyes.
“Oh dead gods. Are we less intelligent than him?”
Erin turned back, and the [Pirate] winked at her.
“Gotta think practical, Miss Erin Solstice. Like a [Pirate]. So, we making deals or what?”
He held out a hand. Erin blinked at him. She slowly walked over to the table as he smirked with self-satisfaction—
And tossed a drink at him.
 
—-
 
A while later, Wailant sat at the table and spoke numbers. He was in a good humor despite being sticky with ale. As he put it, it made them quits. Erin didn’t know about that—she held a grudge—but she was willing to put all that aside.
“A Sage’s Grass garden. You see, the normal issue is that magical plants, especially Sage’s Grass, attracts monsters and pests. But you’ve got a damned good Skill. I know [Farmers] who’d sacrifice their children for a Skill like that.”
Wailant was explaining as he gestured towards the Garden of Sanctuary. Lyonette, Palt, Viceria, Montressa, and everyone else interested in this deal was gathered around, which was practically everyone, really. The [Pirate] was explaining to them how it would work.
“We’ll plant a field right in the middle of the garden. The Sage’s Grass will generate mana, and the door’ll use it. The more Sage’s Grass, the more power recharging that door-thing. Won’t cost you much, either! For planting and us getting the seeds grown—Sage’s Grass dies if you uproot it, damn fragile—it won’t cost you more than…six hundred gold?”
“Six hundred?”
Erin exclaimed, worried. She’d been paid more than that by Ilvriss for her part in fighting the Raskghar, and she knew how much the Horns and the Halfseekers had made, but Lyonette was already spending a lot on the inn! Wailant snorted.
