7.11
Page 34
He stopped as the two instantly dug in their pouches and began to confer over the best plants.
 
—-
 
Inside the inn, Lyonette was speaking with Octavia. The [Alchemist] was in a kind of limbo, as were the Players of Celum. But they were setting up for a play; she couldn’t, since she had no shop to work in. But Lyonette was doing her best to make the Stitch-Girl more comfortable and reassured about the future.
“We’ll have Belgrade build your shop as soon as he’s done with Erin, Octavia. I promise. You can even design your shop, which has to be a plus! Right now, let’s talk about um, explosiveness and Mrsha…”
All throughout the inn, people were excited, talking, making plans. And that meant the little white Gnoll wandering around from person to person found no one to play with.
Not even Garia! The City Runner was in a discussion with Beza about [Martial Arts], and Mrsha didn’t like Beza. Disconsolate, Mrsha wandered around. Everyone was too busy for poor Mrsha! Even Apista! She was clinging to the ceiling after sipping from the faerie flowers. She was off the wagon.
And then she spotted someone who’d almost been forgotten amid the chaos. Someone who wasn’t part of all the big things.
Numbtongue. He, like Mrsha, didn’t have to make adult decisions. He didn’t think about gold or stuff like that. He was sitting at a table, having lunch as he read from a book he’d borrowed from Wailant’s collection. He looked up as Mrsha raced over to his table and waved at him.
“Hm?”
Mrsha made sure she had his attention. Then she began to sign with her paws. She had her own language now, and she could express ideas to anyone who had studied Mrsha-signing.
Come, come! Exciting!
She knew Numbtongue understood her. The Hobgoblin paused, and carefully closed the book. Then he raised his hands and signed back.
How much?
Mrsha nearly fell over in surprise. But—the Hobgoblin looked at her expectantly and she remembered. He was Numbtongue. The [Bard]! And a Goblin. Of course he had learned this language, just like he’d learned the common tongue.
Mrsha stretched her paws wide as she could.
This much! Very exciting! Come!
Numbtongue stood up. He paused as Moore, Viceria, and Palt hurried out to go outside for a smoke. Somehow, they had a feeling the garden was not the place for it and none wanted to arouse Erin’s wrath. The Hobgoblin had seen the door of course, but Erin had promised to explain it.
Now, however, prompted by Mrsha, she tugged him into the doorway. And at last, he entered the Garden of Sanctuary.
 
—-
 
It was magical. Beautiful. And oh, so very safe. The Hobgoblin [Bard] stared. Mrsha ran about him, showing him flowers, the different spots. But the Hobgoblin just stared.
A safe place. Literally, a safe place filled with plants. It was…incredible. Stunning. He slowly walked up the hill, looking at flowers, peering at mushrooms. He even ate one and confirmed it was, indeed, a mushroom.
So caught up was Numbtongue that he barely noticed the Antinium Worker standing on the hill. Mrsha paused as she raced up the hill, because here was another member of the Erin family household.
Bird. The Worker was spreading his arms as he stared up at the sky. Rather reminiscent of the way he’d stood on the Wyvern’s head in Pallass, actually. But he was just staring up, at the opening in the dome.
Birds were flying overhead. The Worker was staring at them. He turned his head as Mrsha and Numbtongue crested the hill.
“Oh, hello. Mrsha and Numbtongue. I am not shooting birds. Just staring.”
