7.11
Page 17
Numbtongue smiled. When Garia returned, looking sour but calmer, no one said anything about how she looked. And the talk quickly went back to Erin and the inn.
“So there’s this magic door that she got from Albez. I heard about that. The Horns of Hammerad. And they gave it to her and we can walk through it and go to the inn. Anytime we want? And it’s sitting on my porch?”
Wailant stared at Garia. She and Numbtongue nodded.
“That’s right, dad. And apparently, Erin’s banned from Celum. Or—she’s decided to take the door away. There was a huge fuss. The Players of Celum are moving to Liscor too. It all happened this evening. I ran the door out of the city, but Erin’s still dealing with the fallout.”
“How’d you get the door?”
Numbtongue looked at Garia. He had a hard time imagining all the Humans would have let her. She smiled.
“I grabbed it and ran.”
“Hah! Hustle like a [Pirate]! There’s my girl.”
Wailant fondly poured a drink around. Viceria was tapping her lips.
“I was meaning to see the Players of Celum. Everyone’s been talking about them, but we had that infestation of moles, and I’ve been travelling to Wales—this door goes to Liscor? Without any delay? What about the mana cost?”
“It’s a magic door, mom. And Erin’s inn apparently charges it.”
“It must sit on a leyline.”
“It doesn’t work all the time. Can’t send many people to Pallass. Two or four per day only.”
Numbtongue nodded around the table. Wailant choked on his drink.
“It goes where?”
Garia grinned at Numbtongue, pleased at her parent’s reactions. She explained and Wailant’s brows shot all the way up.
“Really? Pallass? I sell to [Traders] going south, but only during the winter. You can’t get bugger-all past the Bloodfields. But this magic door, it goes all the way?”
He looked at his wife. Viceria leaned over.
“Garia, why isn’t this news larger than it is? Every [Merchant] in a hundred miles should be lined up to use this door. Not just them.”
“Well…that’s the reason Erin was kicked out of Celum, actually. She has a deal not to interfere with trade and the Runner’s Guild and apparently people were.”
“Because that’s smart. Hold on. Pallass. Liscor. Anywhere else it goes?”
“Um, the Bloodfields. And…”
“Invrisil soon. Horns of Hammerad are taking it there. Going slowly. Probably because of lazy half-Elves.”
Numbtongue grunted. He refilled his bowl. Garia offered him some of the dark sauce and he poured it over his rice. They were both eating more than Wailant and Viceria, who’d long since stopped; their metabolisms meant they were packing it in.
“This is really good, dad. Is this the rice you grew?”
“Sure is. Beats buying it from imports. Your mother made one of them wet fields. Take a look in the morning. Don’t fall in. We had to enchant it so bugs wouldn’t find a home, but it’s well enough. Pain to harvest. I’m hiring help to do it next time.”
Wailant picked at his teeth. Then he focused on Numbtongue.
“So, this door doesn’t’ go all the way to Pallass. But it can take some people, can it? Pallass loves Sage’s Grass. Say, Numbtongue. You think I could get a deal with this [Innkeeper]?”
Numbtongue looked up warily. Garia cut in as she offered him the last dumplings. Numbtongue took half and she grinned at him before looking sternly at her father.
“You can ask her tomorrow, dad. Mom, can you send a message to Erin telling her not to worry? I’m here, but Numbtongue’ll stay the night. That should be fine.”
“I can go back—”
All three Stronghearts shook their head, for once in unison.
