7.11
Page 39
It took Erin a moment to understand. And then she did smile. She laughed, like him.
“So is she. Rags. Missing.”
“Missing!”
He agreed. And Erin turned. She hugged Numbtongue, as tight as she could.
“Thank you. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry for asking—”
“We followed you. It was our choice.”
That was all the [Bard] said. He leaned on her. And she on him. They stood together, such that if one had not been there, the other would have fallen. But together they stood.
They stood there, and Mrsha was embarrassed to be here. No, ashamed. Because it was not her place.
She crept away. And she went down the little hill. It was visible, to all for a moment. The Goblin’s laughter had drawn the eye, revealing it. The Stronghearts stared up at that place. And Erin whispered into Numbtongue’s chest.
“If you have to go and find them—I’ll help you. But tell them—don’t forget. This is your home, okay?”
His arms tightened and he hesitated. But then Numbtongue looked up. His eyes ran with tears, but he shook his head.
“It’s fine. I will be strong. Protect you. And this place. And when I find them—I will be strong.”
Behind Erin, a figure stood. Not a statue, but a dead person. A spirit, a ghost. The Goblin Lord bowed. And he stepped away as Numbtongue and Erin embraced. And stood for a moment amid her regrets, her triumphs. Her precious memories.
 
—-
 
“Yup, this is a damn good spot for Sage’s Grass.”
Below the sacred hill, Wailant inspected the meadow. He seemed pleased by it. A perfect little spot. He glanced up at the distant pair on the hill. Then he turned.
“Are those two fucking? I’m just curious.”
Garia kicked him down the hill. Mrsha watched Wailant go tumbling past her. She waved at Garia and the City Runner waved back. Then Mrsha leapt.
The former [Pirate] was cursing unfilial daughters as he got up. He looked up as a black shape hurtled towards him. Wailant dove. And the Antinium missed him by inches.
Bird was sliding down a hill on his back, since rolling wasn’t as easy. But his domed back-shell meant the worker achieved commendable speed on the hill.
Mrsha was riding on his stomach.
“Wheeeee.”
The two nearly went into the pond. Bird and Mrsha raced up the hill, and Mrsha found her ball. She pleaded and Bird obliged.
A family. Garia watched as Mrsha raced after a ball that Bird threw. She turned as Viceria watched the same sight.
“Hey, Mom. Um—I’m sorry about not coming home that often.”
The [Green Mage] smiled at Garia.
“You might not have wanted the illusion spells, but you did find your own way, Garia. Don’t mind your father. He’s just adjusting. But you should come home more often.”
They watched as Wailant, grumbling, began to kick over flowers, muttering about fertilizer and hauling everything in here by hand. Garia sighed.
“Sure.”
“And if you would like, I can lend you some better clothes. I don’t mind your dress, Garia, but you need more magical gear. And maybe some more fashionable leggings, even if they have to be Runner’s…”
“Mom.”
 
—-
 
In time, even Mrsha was tired out by the fun. And that was something that had never happened before. Mrsha poked her stomach to see if her fun-thing was broken, but she was just tired. She flopped onto her back and panted as Bird walked away to pose in the flowers and bask in the sun.
And in time, Erin and Numbtongue came down from the hill. And Mrsha let the adults do their thing. They had grand plans that involved some stinky grass.
