7.11
Page 25
“We can handle that. If we’re bringing goods into the city, we’re naturally going to deal with the city on its own terms. All we ask from you is transportation, and we will pay for the service.”
The [Green Mage] smiled and Erin smiled back, relieved.
“Well—I mean—sure! Let’s talk! Oh. But you probably can’t go to Pallass easily. Or you’ll have to negotiate.”
“What? Why? Pallass is where we need to be.”
Wailant turned about, frowning. Erin tried to explain about the mana cost and the door.
“Hah! Is that the problem? Just upgrade it. I bet you a decent [Enchanter] could do it.”
The [Farmer] waved a hand. Viceria frowned.
“It’s an artifact, dear. I couldn’t guess at what level you’d have to be to improve this door. Archmage Nailihuaile could do it, I’m certain. But anyone below her?”
“Damn. But you can take things through, yeah? How many people’s worth?”
“Two. Or four, but only one way.”
The young woman spread her hands. Wailant laughed.
“Fine, then! I’ll take it through in bags of holding! Unless—no, I have one right here. I just walk through, sell my stuff, and go back. I’ll negotiate with whoever I need to in Pallass—I mean, my lovely wife will.”
He nodded at Viceria. Erin chewed her lip.
“I guess that’s okay. I mean, if you get permission—”
“Let’s make it a deal, then!”
Wailant exclaimed threw an arm around Erin’s shoulders and held out a hand. She frowned and eyed his arm.
“Dear. You’re being rude to Miss Solstice. Don’t pressure her. Some might call that forceful. Or dishonest.”
Viceria’s eyes flashed. Wailant paused.
“I’m as honest as can be! I was a [Pirate], but I’ve turned over a new leaf. Apologies, Miss Erin. You can’t take the salt out of my sails.”
She nodded as he let go. But Erin felt a tiny bit peeved. She was reminded of chess players who tried to bully a girl when she appeared at tournaments. She sort of wished she could checkmate Wailant. But she saw Garia mouthing apologies so she turned to Wailant.
“So you are a former [Pirate]? Like, with a ship? And…you attacked other ships and stuff?”
She tried to imagine a pirate ship without cannons, but they wouldn’t have those, would they? Wailant nodded, taking his seat. He rolled up one sleeve—fortunately not the lewd one, to his family’s relief.
“That’s right. I was a good [Pirate] too. Good enough to retire! But I sailed to every continent, did my fair share of plundering—but I won’t rob you, Miss Solstice! Forgive my manners. But I’ve had a good time with your Numbtongue friend and I’m keen to make some money! Have you heard about the [Trade War] in the north? Damned thing. Put our farm through a dry spell of late.”
“Oh, well…”
Erin glanced at Numbtongue, relaxing a bit. Anyone who was a friend of Numbtongue’s couldn’t be that bad. The Hobgoblin shrugged and smiled a tiny bit, so Erin turned back to Wailant. She had so many questions.
…That she could have asked someone else. As Wailant sipped from his tankard of ale, about to launch into some sea shanty tale no doubt, a [Rogue] paused behind his chair. Seborn, Drowned Man, member of the Halfseekers, and…former [Pirate], spoke quietly, but with that kind of resonance that quieted a room.
“A [Pirate], you say? Funny. I could’ve taken you for a [Storm Sailor]. I don’t remember many Humans in the seas where my crew sailed.”
Wailant—paused. His head slowly turned around and the Drowned Man and the Human locked gazes. Slowly, Wailant turned back to stare ahead. He spoke slowly.
