7.11
Page 37
They understood! Mrsha looked up at them and felt…a kinship. Like Relc, actually. Numbtongue and Bird looked at each other and the Antinium’s mandibles opened and rose. Numbtongue grinned, the same expression on a different face. And Mrsha’s tail wagged and she rolled over.
“Let’s go outside to play next time. Somewhere else. Maybe Strongheart farm. Have wands. Can shoot arrows at targets. Birds?”
“Ooh. Ooh. But that would be breaking the rules.”
“Only bad if they find out.”
The Hobgoblin grinned. And Mrsha’s ears perked up. She looked at Numbtongue.
He was actually…her age. Maybe even younger than Mrsha. Goblins lived short lives. And Bird was two. Mrsha pointed this out and Numbtongue and Bird blinked at her.
They were a family. Erin had called them that, but it had really been them connecting to her. Which wasn’t a family. But now—Mrsha felt close to the two of them. And if they were a family, that might mean she was the big sister!
She pointed a thumb at her chest, emphasizing that last point. Bird and Numbtongue exchanged a glance. The Hobgoblin grinned.
“No.”
“I do not believe that is how it works.”
Bird shook his head slowly. But he smiled, and Numbtongue laughed.
“Should go outside more. Too much inside. Garden is nice. But good things are out there. Will take next time. Not inside caves, but somewhere.”
He pointed towards the sky. Mrsha looked at him. Bird nodded.
“I will go too. I am not allowed to shoot birds, but maybe if I go with you, Numbtongue, and a bird attacks Mrsha, I will kill it. In self-defense. Yes. Yes.”
He rubbed all four hands together. And Mrsha laughed. Then she sat upright as a bolt of inspiration came down from her from above.
 
And lo. Mrsha’s fur stood on end as she looked at her two companions. No, family. No—teammates.
There came a time when the great wizard of the inn found she was alone. And her power waned in the age of mortals, and the Defenders of the Cave were too far gone, in lands forbidden by the [Princess] of the Inn. So the mighty wizard stood alone.
But she was not alone. For came the singing Green Bard, and the mighty Sky Hunter. And they joined the wizard on more great quests of bravery and glory.
In days to come, in days of yore, they would be known as the most famous adventurers to ever live. The Mrsha Adventuring Team would travel the world, led by Mrsha the Great and Terrible!
The little Gnoll looked up. And Numbtongue grinned at her. And his crimson eyes shone with that wild light of the free. It was a dangerous thing. Because you couldn’t cage them. And Bird stared up at the sky, and he had never been caged by his Hive.
It was the beginning of something powerful. Something new, and definitely not child-safe. And here Lyonette thought she was being astute by making anti-Mrsha precautions with Octavia. She had no idea, no idea at all.
But in time, Mrsha recalled one last thing. And she looked up at Numbtongue and pointed. The Hobgoblin turned his head and saw the last hill, that she had not gone near the entire time. Wailant could not see it. It was only there if you looked for it.
“What is that?”
Mrsha stood up. She looked at Bird. And the Antinium nodded.
“Go. I will stay here in the sun. I cannot be with them forever.”
So the little Gnoll stood up on two legs. And she reached out. Numbtongue paused, because Mrsha’s face was suddenly grave. He took her paw. And she led him up the hill. Past the meadow of flowers. Higher, to a place with fog.
And the statues. And Numbtongue stared. He recoiled. And the [Bard]’s eyes went wide. He stumbled forwards. Then, he fell to his knees.
