7.11
Page 20
“Right, I did some research when I first got it. I thought it was a bit weird, but I liked my first Skill, and, well, it’s a new class, right? Apparently they fight with all kinds of weapons, not just fists. But they train different from [Warriors]. They fight like…an art.”
“Oh. I see. Nice moves. But only one punch?”
“No, it’s the form, see?”
Garia showed Numbtongue. She punched upwards, down, adjusting her form but carrying the same motion. Numbtongue began to understand.
“Oh. Good punching. Like this.”
He showed her a punch. It wasn’t the same, but Numbtongue put his weight and body behind the punch, which was essentially what Garia’s practice was meant to do. She nodded.
“That’s right. Only, you do entire moves. Like jump kicks—”
She stopped as Numbtongue did a jumping kick easily. The Redfang Hobgoblin looked challengingly at Garia.
“It’s different. I have a class.”
“Does it make you stronger?”
Garia hesitated.
“Well—I think so. I have Skills like [Basic Footwork], and I’ve actually beaten a few monsters. Even a rabid bear. Don’t tell my parents. I got cut up, but I knocked it out.”
Numbtongue paused. [Cutthroats] on horses were one thing, but a rabid bear? He stared at Garia. She went on.
“And it gave me [Weight Control]. So I could change how much I weighed. And look—it gave me this.”
She pointed at her bare stomach, proudly. It flexed and Garia glanced up at Numbtongue, perhaps hoping for an impression. The Hobgoblin stared blankly at Garia’s abdomen. Then he pulled up his shirt, and pointed.
“Fine. See?”
“Oh. Oh. Wow!”
Numbtongue had abs too. His weren’t as pronounced as Garia’s, but everyone had them. Especially Redfangs; they were really prominent when you were hungry. His had begun to disappear since he’d been eating food at Erin’s inn, but they were still there. To Numbtongue, Garia looked a bit starved for food, but he understood that Humans had different standards.
“You’re in shape! I thought so, but—do you really not practice any moves?”
“Redfangs practice for a fight. Sparring. Don’t practice…”
Numbtongue copied Garia’s punch. She hesitated.
“Really? Well, maybe that will help me level. I’m asking because I want to increase my class. I’m only Level 17 now. I’ve leveled like crazy. It’s practically a record, but I slowed even though I do a thousand punches and kicks at least per day. But I’m sure I need to do something else to level. What if…could you spar with me?”
The Hobgoblin stared. Garia raised her hands.
“Not to the death or anything! Or even getting hurt! Just—to show me some moves?”
She looked so hopeful, the [Bard] agreed.
“Sure. But I’m not a [Warrior] anymore.”
He walked forwards, swinging his arms up. Garia instantly raised her guard and took her stance.
“What are you, then?”
“[Bard].”
Numbtongue feinted and punched at Garia’s stomach. She blinked, and he nailed her in the gut.
“Ow. That hurt!”
The Hob paused. Of course it had. He’d hit Garia hard. Not as hard as he could, but nearly.
“Too hard? Sorry, Redfangs spar like this.”
“No, it’s okay. I was just expecting—okay. My turn!”
That wasn’t how it worked, but Numbtongue stepped back anyways. He saw Garia step forwards and try to punch.
Instantly, he saw the problem. She was doing that same basic move, which was good for about one type of attack. Not a running punch, or if you were backing up. Just step in and—
“Need different move”.
“Hey! Don’t back up!”
Garia took more swings, trying to keep to her posture. Numbtongue walked backwards.
“Too slow. Need different move. Die in a fight.”
“It’s worked so far! Once I hit you—”
“I’m not a bear.”
