7.11
Page 23
The [Farmer] was rubbing his hands together. Erin blinked.
“Hold on, I haven’t thought about making any deals. I don’t know you. Um, Garia?”
The City Runner was staring up at the ceiling as Mrsha held on to her head. Wailant snorted.
“What’s there to think about? You want money, I want money, unless you’re daft. You have a door which teleports things! That’s as good as Fissival’s network! Here, we can take it slow if we want. I’m Wailant. I sell Sage’s Grass. Do you know what that is?”
“Dad.”
Garia growled at her father. Viceria elbowed her husband. Wailant sighed, but his wife took over.
“Why don’t we introduce ourselves properly, first, Wailant? Erin, may, I call you Erin? I’m sorry, but he’s still a [Rogue] at heart.”
“Hah. I’m better than a [Rogue].”
The Stronghearts began to introduce themselves a second time. Off-kilter, Erin led them towards the common room, blinking at Wailant. Viceria seemed nice and Garia seemed embarrassed, but Wailant was another thing entirely. He had tattoos. And a cutlass!
And he was a bit—pushy.
Inside the inn, Octavia blinked around her breakfast, which was in itself a rare experience for the [Alchemist]. She sometimes forgot to eat, apparently.
“Oh! Numbtongue! There you are!”
“Hi.”
The Hobgoblin waved vaguely and instantly went over to sit with them. Garia lifted Mrsha off her shoulders; the Gnoll didn’t want to go. Garia looked at her parents, but then acceded as Mrsha tried to steer her towards Octavia and Numbtongue.
“Nice inn. Pretty good. Better than the ones in Celum. This a Skill?”
“That’s right. And the Players of Celum actually perform here. We have four of them upstairs now.”
Erin was showing the couple about. Viceria’s eyes lit up.
“Will they perform here? Tonight?”
“Yup. Actually, they’re moving in, but they’re going to perform tonight, Temile said. Some new play from Invrisil, actually. Have you seen them?”
“No, Wailant, we’re staying tonight.”
“Don’t see why that’s a problem. We can pop through that door anytime we please.”
“If you have access. Mister Strongheart, Miss Strongheart? Can I get you anything to drink?”
“I’ll have an ale.”
“Wine would be acceptable.”
Day drinkers. Erin blinked, but Lyonette just smiled. She elbowed Erin in the back as she passed, which Erin took to mean ‘talk about money’. She looked at Wailant.
“Let me get this straight. You want to use my goods to sell…your plants in Liscor and Pallass?”
“That’s right. What do you think?”
Erin didn’t know what to think. She knew Lyonette was nodding and mouthing ‘yes’, but she was reluctant to make a sudden decision. Her actions had consequences!
“Well—I mean, it sounds okay. But maybe I should consider it.”
“Why—”
Wailant cut off and his eyes crossed slightly in a way that made Erin certain he’d just received a very sharp kick under the table. Viceria smiled at Erin.
“That would be fine, Miss Solstice. It’s a mutually beneficial offer.”
Was it? Erin thought it sounded like that, but she just didn’t know…business-y things. Lyonette seemed to agree.
“It’s a fine proposal, right Erin? A modest fee for transactions and people should use the door to transport cargo.”
“But the Merchant’s Guild in Celum was mad when we did that. Wouldn’t it destabilize the economy, or, I dunno, ruin jobs?”
Viceria was nodding politely, and Lyonette was frowning over her reply. But Wailant just snorted.
“What, screw the [Merchants] out of some of their money and transport fees? Fuck’em. It’s convenient, so why not? To save their pretty little hides and keep things like they have…? No. You have a magic door, Miss. Why not use it?”
