7.11
Page 5
Grimalkin eyed the roll of paper that Chaldion had pulled out. A small box, actually. It was a thick cigar, known as a ‘puffer’ colloquially. Recreational drugs had an uneasy relationship in Drake cities most of the time, and they were almost always imported from overseas.
“Where did you get that, Grand Strategist?”
“The Centaur offered me some. Palt, I believe. Wistram has its tentacles in the inn, Magus.”
“So I noted. Did I recount the incident with them to you, Chaldion?”
“No. But do tell. Hm. Not a bad gift or bribe, whichever he intended. Would you care for one?”
Chaldion offered a cigar to Grimalkin. The Magus shook his head. He stared as a hand tried to sneak up over the table. Chaldion brought his fork down.
He missed. Saliss yanked his claw out of the way just in time. The Named Adventurer poked his head over the table with a huge smile. Xif wore a pained expression as he watched his dining partner. Saliss looked at Chaldion with as serious a face as he could muster.
“What’s the Assembly’s policy on substances in Pallass, Grand Strategist Chaldion?”
“I don’t recall, you brat. Here. Give me yours.”
Chaldion flicked a cigar at Saliss. The [Alchemist] caught it, and flicked his claws. The cigar lit instantly; the Drake had conjured sparks with a little snap of the claws. He puffed twice and rolled his eyes.
“Weeeeak. But I suppose it’s the best a non-Alchemist can make. Here.”
He fished out two dark purple-brown cigars from his bag of holding. Xif coughed—Saliss flicked out a third and spun it across the bar.
“If you’re handing those out, Saliss—”
Rufelt caught the two flying his way. Other people hopefully called out and Saliss demonstrated his uncanny ability to throw. He was in a generous mood, and this was another reason why people tolerated his nudity and personality. Palt might have had decent quality, but he wouldn’t find a large market in Pallass if he tried selling his wares here.
“Magus.”
Saliss offered Grimalkin the cigar with a grin. Chaldion was already lighting his. Grimalkin held up a claw.
“I don’t smoke. I regulate all my intakes.”
“Don’t be a lizard, Magus. We could all use one. This had better not be one of your prank ones, Saliss. Or I will throw you in the deepest cell.”
Chaldion sighed. Grimalkin hesitated. He eyed the cigar and at last, took it, muttering.
“…I suppose I could check my physical changes. I am eating enough to throw off my nutritional charts anyways.”
He accepted it and lit it with one claw. The Magus inhaled, coughed—Saliss grinned as he gyrated back to Xif’s table.
“Where were we, Xif? Ah, right. That fire helps cut some of my processes in half. Nice flame; has a magical influence on what it burns. Useful, once I figure out how to optimize it.”
The Gnoll’s eyes lit up. They were, as always, comparing alchemical notes.
“You wouldn’t happen to have a sample of this marvelous fire, would you, Saliss?”
“Sure do. Like I said, it burns fuel way too fast. But it works on wood; I just can’t let it go out, since Miss Solstice doesn’t look like she’ll give me any more easily. When I’m not there, I have to feed it with charcoal or even magicore; I need a device to toss wood at the fire so it always has something to eat. Then it’ll be cheap. I’m going to bug an [Engineer] about it tomorrow.”
