7.11
Page 2
“—Then if it is not a matter of security, your Skill. I have always been fascinated by the higher-level Skills as data on them is sparse. When you say she defeated…”
Chaldion raised his left eye patch. The gem in his eye flashed, creating a bubble of privacy. He spoke casually as Grimalkin switched to his carrot juice.
“It’s no large secret. I’ve used it so many times that its public record, as you well know. It can be defeated; it just shows me one route to victory in any given battle. Not even the optimal one. It has vast utility, but it’s hardly impregnable. Miss Solstice saw me use it; she was able to change her entire strategy and defeat me. But that was a mark of her skill at the game. The third time we played and I used my Skill, she won.”
“Fascinating. And my assertion?”
Chaldion drummed his claws on the table and nodded.
“You have my full agreement. I may personally investigate this matter, along with you; I doubt an agent would have much success. But I have put out an inquiry on her.”
Grimalkin paused, mid-drink.
“And?”
“Nothing.”
The Magus put down his drink and paused for a moment.
“Hardly surprising for a Human no one’s heard about. Or so the other Walled Cities might assert.”
Chaldion’s eyes glinted.
“Yes. If I hadn’t met her, I’d say that too.”
The two Drakes paused significantly. But before they could speculate longer, there was an aggrieved shout from the bar.
“Dead gods take it, Saliss! We told you you’re not allowed in here without at least pants! You’re putting people off their food!”
Rufelt was not in a good mood. And Saliss had just emerged from the bathroom. His claws were clean, but, to put it delicately, he had neither had to remove or put on any articles of clothing throughout his entire process. He was still naked.
“Rufelt! Come on. Have a heart!”
Saliss protested, spreading his claws. Rufelt glared.
“There are paying customers. You’re one of them. Clothes on or you go out. I’m not arguing tonight, Saliss—”
He was interrupted by a Gnoll pushing towards him. The Gnoll had dark black fur and a dark look in his eyes. He leaned on the bar, heavily.
“I don’t care about naked Drakes. Just get me a drink, Rufelt. Bartender’s specialty.”
That was code for ‘give me what I need’. Rufelt, as a high-level [Bartender] could tailor his drinks to his clientele. Usually it was a delicate game, teasing out the emotions or state of drunk they needed to be—or not be. But tonight Rufelt didn’t even have to think. He reached for a glass.
“A Salaszarian Rockhammer, coming up, Felkhr.”
The Gnoll, who was a new guest tonight, nodded. He was the Flying Gnoll of Pallass, another one of those faces. Rufelt had invited him to Tails and Scales after the Wyvern attack. He saw Rufelt fill the glass with ice, mix up the steady drink—and then add something from a bottle.
“What’s that?”
Rufelt glanced up as he slid the drink over, without his usual flourishes.
“Calming drink. Everyone needs them tonight. Xif, Saliss, sell me some more of your tonics. We need it.”
The Drake [Alchemist] paused. He dug in his bag of holding and a Gnoll sitting across from him did the same. Xif, the other top [Alchemist] of Pallass, shook his head.
“I can send a Runner unless you have some, Saliss—”
“No problem, Xif. I always carry—aha! Got them. Here, Rufelt!”
He flung them across the bar. Everyone in the path ducked and Rufelt swore. But the potions, all five of them in small vials, slowed as they arced towards his bar. They landed without so much as cracking the glass.
