7.11
Page 24
Erin understood the content, even agreed with it, but she didn’t like the delivery. She narrowed her eyes a bit. Viceria kicked her husband again.
“Pardon us. I normally negotiate with new clients, Wailant—but my husband’s right in that your door is underutilized. Normally, we hire [Traders] to sell our goods or just sell to them with the expectation they’ll sell elsewhere, Miss Solstice. But you would allow us to sell directly to our clients.”
“Which would save them money and earn us some.”
Lyonette muttered, as if she was spelling it out.
“I’m not stupid! I just don’t know if that’s nice!”
“Nice? Have you met [Merchants]? This is business. Just the other day, I met this one who—”
Wailant laughed and went quiet as his wife, exasperated, pointed a wand at his face. The [Silence] spell made Wailant mouth silent for a few seconds as she stood up.
“Will you excuse us for a second?”
She dragged Wailant over to have a quick argument. Erin looked at Garia. She had pried the furry leech off her head and jogged over.
“Hey Erin, sorry about my dad. He’s a bit…”
“No, it’s fine. I heard he helped get Numbtongue away from the Watch. But he’s—is he really a [Pirate]?”
Across the inn, a Drowned Man’s head slowly turned as Ulinde happily sorted the copies of the adventuring requests they’d taken from Liscor’s adventuring guild. Garia nodded.
“He is. Former [Pirate], but he’s always been like this. He’s actually a good person. He just…pushes. A lot. Please hear him out?”
“Sure. I mean, it’s okay.”
Erin smiled at Garia. Relieved, the City Runner let Mrsha drag her over to the Garden of Sanctuary. She blinked at the unfamiliar door. Erin looked at Lyonette.
“Maybe we should discuss this?”
“What’s there to discuss, Erin?”
“I dunno, ask around. Find our options? Plan?”
“Erin, what’s there to consider?”
“I dunno, not using the door for goods?”
The [Princess] gave Erin a long look.
“…Why?”
“I don’t know! I just don’t ever do—big business deals!”
Erin had literally never held a full-time job in her home. She had played against chess champions, sometimes in front of crowds, even a child, and been on television for brief interviews. But it never occurred to Erin that that was like adult stuff. Which she conflated with anything where you had to sign a contract and money was involved. She was sweating a bit. Lyonette sighed.
“We’re not agreeing to anything. If they try to use a contract-Skill, I’ll stop them. Just do what you think is best, Erin.”
“But how do I trust my brain?”
The question stumped the [Princess] so much that she was still staring blankly at Erin when the Stronghearts returned.
“Miss Solstice, have you thought about the possibility of letting us use your door? We don’t want to force a decision; please just bear us in mind.”
Viceria was smooth and polite and nice. Erin relaxed a bit as Wailant sighed and put on a fake smile next to her. Erin fiddled with her thumbs.
“Well—I mean, in theory, yeah. It sounds good. Octavia—she’s an [Alchemist]—she makes potions. She uses your grass, right?”
“That Stitch-Girl? I sold to her last week! Is she here?”
Wailant exclaimed. He looked around. Octavia glanced up and groaned.
“Oh dead gods, it’s the [Pirate].”
“Hey! Are you in the inn too?”
“Yes! I got kicked out of Celum! Or I left!”
“You don’t say?”
Viceria sighed, but Erin smiled. Then she looked at the Stronghearts.
“I guess it’s fine. I mean, Liscor might wanna tax you and stuff—”
