7.11
Page 11
“Pah, you’ve never met them, Vicci. Demons aren’t so bad. They’re a folk. Drowned Men and [Pirates] trade with them. So do some of the Dullahans. And Drathians. They’re not any more monstrous than the things you can find in the Blighted Kingdom. Like their damned [Flesh Reapers]. I’ve never been far inland, but the Demons are just people. No worse than their enemies, or places like Roshal.”
“What’s Roshal?”
Numbtongue was embarrassed by the laughter. But Wailant explained, pointing at one of his maps. It was of the world, in miniature. The ends of the world were clearly marked on either end, as were major ports. The one he pointed to was on the southwestern side of Chandrar.
“Slave port. Lailight Scintillion, the port-capital of Roshal and the Market of Fables. One of the wonders of the world. You take prisoners, you sell them there. And you never cross the [Slavers]. It’s a wondrous place. So long as you don’t stare too hard at the shadows. I looked, once. And I never went ashore again. I’ve been around, you see.”
“And you know so much more than any [Mage] or educated sort.”
Viceria raised her brows. Wailant scowled.
“I know enough to know what’s whale shit. I’ve seen Goblins at sea. In [Pirate] ships, no less! Even once or twice on their own ships. Nasty buggers in a fight, but they leave you alone unless they’re [Pirates]. You can even trade with ‘em. If you think they won’t gut you as soon as you lower the gangplank. But that was how I was raised. Not on tales of Goblins as primitive monsters and so on.”
He pointed at the scrying orb.
“Wistram is the worst of ‘em all! Damned liars, the lot. Always plotting and tricking people. You saw how they were setting up those freaks in A’ctelios? They were trying to set up the King of Destruction. Only, they got caught in their own trap. Shifty bastards.”
Numbtongue looked sideways at Viceria. She was rolling her eyes, exasperated.
“Isn’t your wife from Wistram?”
The couple laughed. Wailant took another gulp.
“Damned right! I married one of the sneakiest! Don’t be surprised by her nice demeanor. She’s craftier than I am, and twice as evil. That’s how I know they’re crooked as a [Seductress] with a shiv hidden across her back! Or hidden up her…”
He leaned over and whispered into Numbtongue’s ear. The Hobgoblin paused.
“…No.”
“Happened once to a fellow I knew. Then she stabbed the rest of him. I swear it happened on salt!”
Numbtongue edged away from Wailant a bit. Viceria looked at him and laid a hand on her husband’s arm.
“I think it’s time we let our guest speak, Wailant.”
“Right, right. Hey, Numbtongue. You ever been to sea?”
It was a challenge. Wailant grinned, knowing the answer. Numbtongue frowned.
“No. But I have been in the High Passes.”
“Really?”
Both Viceria and Wailant looked up. The [Pirate] gave Numbtongue another look up and down.
“What’d you fight there. Anything nasty?”
The Hobgoblin shrugged, face straight.
“Not too bad. Do you know Gargoyles?”
Wailant waved off the bravado.
“Gargoyles are tiny bastards compared to a Kraken. You know them? Fleet-killers. Like Sword Whales—they literally crack ships apart unless they’re enchanted! Or—Reefeyes. You drop in the water with those and you’re as good as dead unless you’re at least Level 30 or your mates haul you out in seconds. Land monsters—hah! What’ve you killed on land that’s worse than I’ve seen at sea?”
“Crelers.”
The [Pirate] coughed on his drink. Viceria clapped her hands together with a smile, laughing in delight. Wailant glanced at her, and then looked at Numbtongue, casually.
