7.11
Page 6
The Gnoll [Alchemist]’s eyes lit up. He had discolored fur and smelled of…everything. Mostly acrid powders or substances, even when he washed. He was the best [Alchemist] in the city—or second-best, if you counted Saliss. But while one was specialized mostly towards war, Xif was specialized towards selling his creations. Naturally, the two were friends. It was that or rivals.
“You can leave it with me. I’d be happy to look after it.”
“Hah! Go eat your tail, Xif.”
Saliss grinned over his shrimp quinoa. Xif sighed; the dark cigar lay at the table, for later. Rufelt had already deployed one of his apprentices with an anti-scent tonic to dab surreptitiously around the bar. It cut some of the good smells, but it meant each booth wouldn’t bother other customers with the smoking.
“Come now, I’ll pay you well—”
“Give me some of your flowers. What’ve you found?”
The Gnoll sighed.
“It’s psychedelic. Extremely so. Magically—I tried an anti-magic blocker, but it went through it. Not sure if I’m missing the components, but it keeps reacting differently. Raw, the nectar has one effect. Mix it with alcohol, and—well, I saw my parents.”
“How awful.”
Saliss’ face was straight. Xif ignored that.
“Almost every bit of it is strongly magical. If I had more, I’d test it, but I’m sure it’s a high-magic sample. As good as Sage’s Grass. It must be due to that inn. The ambient magic is high enough to grow it…I regret pushing Miss Solstice so fast. But I must have more.”
“Can’t you take some cuttings?”
Xif glowered.
“They’re extremely hard to grow. I tried with Miss Velaaia. Twice! They died. I’m not risking my one sample; I’m sending it to Oteslia.”
The Drake’s brows shot up.
“Velaaia failed? They must be hard to grow! I wonder how Erin did it. Say, you do that. I’ll just get more fire from her. And flowers.”
“Don’t you dare. I’ll have them—I’ve been meaning to stop by again. Maybe with a little gift. I’ll tell you what, Saliss. You can probably make a potent sleeping agent. Burning the petals when dried creates an amazing soporific effect…”
“Ooh. Do tell. Can I see it?”
“No.”
The two [Alchemist]’s banter was an anomaly in a sea of talk that all went invariably one way. Belchan, the Gnoll tribes. Tails and Scales was discussing what they’d seen. In fact, Chaldion and Grimalkin soon became a center of that discussion.
“Oteslia will not send an army. Neither will Zeres or the other Walled Cities; the declaration of war was symbolic.”
Chaldion was reassuring some clients. He’d been communicating with the other Walled Cities. He sighed.
“Oteslia does have the highest Gnoll-to-Drake population of all the Walled Cities. The Grand Gardener must have decided to make the declaration.”
“And now it’s war. Good. I say that nation deserves it.”
Felkhr nodded. A cluster of Gnolls and Drakes were sitting together. One of the other Drakes waved a claw.
“But it’s the King of Destruction! He might have cause, but this could all be some—trick.”
“Trick?”
All the Gnolls present looked at the Drake. She wavered.
“Well, not a trick, trick. But a—casus belli. You know? He’s still the King of Destruction. We shouldn’t be glad he’s attacking Belchan. This is exactly what we should be worried about. He was bound by his oath, and if he gets stronger…”
Another Gnoll slowly ground her cigar into an ashtray.
“And? The King of Destruction’s gotten a lot of talk, but I don’t remember him ever attacking Gnoll tribes. Seems like there was one good Human I just saw. And it wasn’t Belchan.”
