7.11
Page 9
“Wailant!”
“Listen, hear me out. There was this [Merchant], see—”
Numbtongue listened to Wailant’s version of the events as he filled his bowl again. What a strange place. Wailant was apparently Garia’s father. And he seemed nice. Numbtongue had still picked his escape route in case this turned out to be a trap. Side window. Two steps and he’d go through. He was pretty sure the food wasn’t poisoned, too, but you never knew.
“—So, there I was, and she rolls on past me with a smirk. I may have done something to her wheels, but I asked her to move first! And then, er, well, she hired a bunch of [Mercs] to threaten me!”
“And you slapped her. Wailant…”
“I know.”
The man’s voice was guilty. Viceria sighed quietly. Numbtongue stared at the two Drakes gesticulating to a map in the scrying orb.
“Wailant…”
“I know, I know. But you should have seen that woman’s face! Riding about as if she owned the road because she had a better class than mine.”
“I understand, believe me, Wailant, dear. But we can’t afford to lose more clients—”
“I’ll take care of it. If I have to find ‘em myself. I can ride to Remendia or Wales tomorrow. It’ll be fine, Vicci. We’re not lacking for gold and we could pawn half of the stuff here if we had to—”
“That’s not the point.”
Another sigh. Numbtongue’s ears twitched. Wailant paused.
“I know. I’ll mind myself. Maybe see about paying a fine? If it takes an apology to get them to let me in faster—I’ll do it.”
“Thank you. And we’ll go together to Remendia.”
“But—”
“We’ll set up the wards. But we go together.”
Wailant made a grumbling noise, but he must have agreed because Numbtongue heard nothing more for a second. After a moment, Wailant spoke.
“You haven’t asked me about the Goblin this entire night, my darling.”
Numbtongue eyed the window. And here was his moment…or was the door better? He had seen the trap runes on the door, but they hadn’t activated. Yet.
But Viceria’s voice was lightly amused.
“What about him? I assumed he was the same Goblin that Garia mentioned. Or is it five?”
Numbtongue stopped eating for a moment. Then, he continued eating because it was good food. His old comrades would have approved of eating.
“Didn’t ask. Let’s go ask the bugger, shall we?”
The two reappeared from the kitchen. Numbtongue waved at them as if he hadn’t heard a thing. Viceria smiled as she sat down.
“Apologies, Numbtongue, was it? Would you like another drink?”
“…Yes. Please?”
Numbtongue stared as Viceria reached for the wine bottle.
“I’ll have some too, lady love.”
Wailant lifted his glass hopefully. Viceria shot him a cool look and served Numbtongue first. The Hobgoblin felt like someone was pulling a prank on him. He hoped it was Erin.
This couple was beyond strange for one reason. Not that they were hospitable. Erin was beyond hospitable and the awe of that had actually faded with time. Just a bit. But Wailant and Viceria were different from even Erin.
“So, you told me a bit of how you got here. Mind sharing it again? Wait till you hear this, Vicci. This Hob apparently fought his way through the Goblin Lord’s lot, ended up near Liscor in that inn Garia likes. Some kind of elite Hobgoblin tribe.”
“Really? Do tell us. The Goblin Lord’s army passed by Celum, but our home was left alone.”
“Good thing for them. The cellar’s strong enough to keep all of ‘em out and they’d have died by the hundreds on the trap spells. Don’t glare, Vicci! I can say that—he’s not one of the Goblin Lord’s buddies. I think. Right?”
