7.11
Page 7
That provoked a lot of nods, again from the Gnolls. They were angry. The Drakes were worried, but the Gnolls—more than one was nodding at the King of Destruction. Chaldion sipped from his drink, watching carefully as they spoke.
“I remember back when I used to live with my tribe. There were some cities we never went near. Ever. One time, we had to stop at one and the first thing I smelled was a hide cloak. Made of—”
Felkhr made a disgusted sound. Some of the Drakes looked uneasy. But the other Gnolls were nodding.
“Small tribes have it worst. I thought I recognized that Chieftain. Nelrra. Um—um—his tribe’s the Dustfur clan. That’s the one.”
“It’s not all like that. Surely…”
“What would you know? Pallass is one thing. But when they talk about some of the cities—”
“Chandrar looks just as bad.”
“But they have a [King] who went to war for them. That’s something.”
“But they’re not going to the Meeting of Tribes. Or will they?”
“Surely not. But when you think about it, look—I’m not saying I support the King of Destruction. But…”
“White fur, all of them. Do you think it’s really true that—?”
Worrying talk, for some. Rufelt kept his face straight. But Chaldion could see the writing as if someone was indeed scrawling it on the walls. The Gnolls in Pallass, across Izril, were thinking. And their opinion of the King of Destruction was changing.
Grimalkin kept his own counsel, plowing through his food. But he kept a single sushi on one of his plates. And he kept staring at it. The almost unburned cigar lay next to the plate. The Magus frowned.
“Sushi.”
He would remember that.
 
—-
 
When the world shifted, butterflies across the world caught indigestion. Or something like that. But concretely, the events such as the war in Belchan could add a dimension to the thinking of Gnolls in Drake cities. It could inform and change the Meeting of Tribes, move a Walled City, from Pallass to Oteslia.
And sometimes, it didn’t matter at all. It was just entertainment. Horrible, but true. Sometimes it would never matter. And what concerned the fate, rights, and dignity of Gnolls mattered little to…everyone else.
Elsewhere, in a farmhouse, Wailant Strongheart leaned back in his plush chair. He waved a hand and nearly sloshed his drink out of his cup.
“Fuck, that’s interesting. Sounds like there’s gonna be another war. Shame about those Gnoll kids. What’s the white fur mean again? That little Gnoll who came over had it. Another drink? Here.”
He waved a bottle at his guest. Said guest refused, and Wailant shrugged.
He was a humble [Farmer], in his farmhouse, entertaining a guest. Although that sentence got almost every nuance of the situation completely wrong.
Wailant Strongheart was a [Farmer]. He was also a [Pirate]. He had retired, but he was still almost as fit as he’d been in his heyday of marauding the seas. He had tattoos, some of them magical, and a magical cutlass.
He was not wearing the cutlass now, but reclining in a chair in his farmhouse. And yes, it was a farmhouse in that it was a house on his farm. But it was hardly…rustic.
The home Strongheart had built for his family was large, and extravagant. Not on the level of say, the nobility, but a rich place. There were paintings by [Artists], one of a ship caught in the middle of a storm, the second of Wailant, his wife, and a portrait shot of his family. There was a little girl in the frame.
