7.12 G
Page 23
Two of them reluctantly took some meat, then snapped at the Goblins. Redscar nodded at Rags—the rest just tried to bite or breathe frost. The [Beast Tamers] waved at Rags as the two Wyverns who’d taken the meat were carefully fed more meat. Their wounds were being inspected.
“They tame?”
“Hah! Wait, serious?”
Redscar looked at Rags incredulously. He shook his head. The two Wyverns whom the Skill had worked on weren’t tame.
“But can be. Very tricky. Very. Give food, give some freedom…try to teach. Never tame. Carn Wolves don’t tame, just…learn. Treat good. Maybe if small.”
He gestured. Rags saw that there was a mini-Wyvern in captivity. The young one had been brought down by an arrow through the wing and it was screaming; it had a broken foot. Redscar looked sympathetic, for all the Wyvern was trying to bite the [Beast Tamer] tending to it.
“Could make them mounts. Like Carn Wolves.”
“Goblins riding Wyverns?”
“Maybe? Even other Wyverns. Harder if no bond, but can try.”
Indeed, the [Beast Tamers] were giving Rags pleading looks. They clearly wanted to try to tame…and ride…Wyverns. Rags stared at them. She eyed the Wyverns, some of whom were large enough to eat her in a single bite. She looked at Redscar. He nudged her a few times.
“Hm? Hm? Would be good fighters. Maybe make babies. Good idea? Yes? Yes?”
He grinned, in the way all animal lovers did. Which was why Goblinhome had a kennel with Carn Wolves, some of whom had indeed given birth to pups. Rags grew sick of the nudging and punched again.
“Fine! Six.”
Six?
The [Beast Tamers] looked horrified. But—there were fourteen! They protested, trying to hug the bewildered Wyverns. Rags glowered.
“Six. Too big! Too fat! Too much to eat! Six only. Small ones don’t count. Others—”
She drew a line across her throat. The [Beast Tamers] looked horrified.
“They tried to eat us!”
Rags shouted. She pointed at one of the Wyverns. It was going cross eyed as Snapjaw wandered over. She’d killed a Wyvern by biting through its hide. The Wyvern tried to wriggle back as Snapjaw patted it and licked her lips—Badarrow was trying to wipe her mouth.
“Chieftain.”
“No argument! Kill! Or let go! Have enough dead Wyverns! You want to keep? Get enough meat for fourteen, big, fat, stinky, ugly lizards!”
Rags was berating the [Goblin Tamers]. The Goblins all looked at each other, askance.
“Ugly too far. Chieftain wrong. Not ugly.”
“Not stinky either. Wet Carn Wolf worse.”
“Eight? Eight is good number.”
“Ten is better.”
“Fourteen is…good number?”
Rags raised a fist. She saw the other Goblins back up. And a hand landed on her shoulder. Rags turned.
“Chieftain.”
“Redscar, no arguments. Can’t feed—”
“Ride with me.”
The [War Leader] looked at Rags. She hesitated. Amid the blood, the chaos, and all of it, Redscar looked at her. He whistled for Thunderfur and the Carn Wolf stopped flirting with another Carn Wolf. Redscar looked at Rags.
“Let’s go riding.”
 
—-
 
Down, from the valley in the High Passes. The Goblins had gone higher, further than any other species. They had found this valley by chance; if they hadn’t, Rags would have led them to a lower elevation rather than risk settling anywhere less defensible.
It was a harsh struggle up here. If the Wyvern weyr had been at full-strength, or if another monster had come…if, if, if. And this wasn’t even that unusual an occurrence, even if the scope of it was unique.
And somehow, it was still not as bad as…before. Rags sat on Thunderfur’s back, with Redscar. The Carn Wolf was easily large enough to carry the both of them.
