7.12 G
Page 11
And Rabbiteater’s cooks and followers, who helped Calescent in the kitchens. They watched as the marching band made a slow circuit of the eating room. And every Goblin stopped. They remembered.
A Goblin hero, facing the [Necromancer] Goblin Lord. Brothers, fighting as the sky broke and the Humans drove through them. The death of the Great Chieftain of the Mountain.
Badarrow closed his eyes. He felt someone hugging him tight. So much that it hurt. But he never said a word.
Snapjaw’s crushing grip softened as the music faded. The band marched on. She looked up at him, her eyes shining with tears. And he tugged at her, gently.
“Sex?”
“…Yes.”
Shineshield watched them go. Poisonbite looked at her back and half of her warriors dragged her back into her seat. But that was Goblinhome. Building, growing. Remembering. To carry on, Goblins worked or laughed or cried.
But there was a Goblin that was missing. No, two. Calescent came to the entrance of his kitchens. He looked around.
“Where are Redscar and Chieftain?”
He had two bowls ready for them. A passing Goblin took the bowl for Redscar.
“Redscar is patrolling. Chieftain is sleeping.”
The Hobgoblin [Chef] nodded. He took the other bowl himself and left his kitchen. Slowly, the Hob went further into the fortress being cut into the mountain. Past a workshop where Goblins were tinkering with crossbows, another forge which had smoke being vented through a chimney. Further in. Until he came to a room. There, he paused.
Inside, a Goblin dreamed of the past. Calescent paused, but the food was growing cold. He knocked on the wooden door.
“Chieftain?”
And the Goblin stirred. She opened her eyes, and the visions fled. She sat up, yawning, looking around blearily.
Her name was Rags. She had been called that, but she had taken it as her name. And she was small. Not a Hob. But neither was she a regular Goblin.
She was a bit taller. And as she opened her eyes, a little key dropped forwards, hanging from a necklace. Garen’s key. The Chieftain of Goblinhome looked up. And she sighed.
 
—-
 
For a moment, memory blurred with the past. She remembered another Goblin’s body, strong, male. A different perspective, memories as strong as reality.
Before they called him Velan the Kind, before he had become a Goblin Lord, Velan had been a [Healer].
She reached for the details. Found them. Images of him, sweating different substances, experimenting with plants. Not just a [Healer]. An [Alchemist]. He hadn’t just been a warrior.
Strong. A warrior, yes. Strong enough to go foraging alone in the jungles and fight monsters for the precious, rare herbs. Made stronger still by eating and surviving countless poisons and his own experiments. Until he could eat the Sage’s Grass and rarer plants like food and not grow sick and die.
His tribe had been strong, from draughts that could make a Goblin run for three days straight before collapsing. Substances to make a Goblin fight harder, survive. Always to survive, to prosper. 
By the time he was a Goblin Lord, he had been known for his ability to enhance his strength. But it had only been when he met the other Goblin Lord after crossing the sea, Greydath of Blades, that he had learned to fight like—
“Chieftain? Awake?”
The second knock shattered the memories. Rags blinked. She shook her head, growling. But it was too late. The memory vanished. The Goblin sat up.
“Come in!”
She snapped. The door opened and Calescent came in himself with lunch. Rags blinked blearily at him.
 
“What? What? Attack? Something else?”
“Chieftain, braised goat stew. With potatoes and wild onions.”
