7.12 G
Page 20
The impact carried the Wyvern Lord backwards, knocking it onto its back. The Wyvern Lord stared at the ceiling of the Goblin’s fortifications. He stared up at the rockslide trap as a Goblin pulled and the rocks dropped down on him and the Wyverns in the third layer of traps. They howled as smaller stones dropped on them—just another little gift.
The Wyvern Lord blinked up at the sky as Rags shouted and the Hobs began reloading the ballista. Smaller crossbows were snapping and the Wyvern Lord felt the bolts glancing off his armored hide. The [Sniper] was there too, calmly shooting a Wyvern through the open mouth. And Goblins were pouring out of the side tunnels, making it a melee again…
The Wyvern Lord heard the ballista reloading. He got up, checked the dented scales on his chest. They hurt. The Wyvern Lord looked around. Nearly a dozen of his Weyr were dead, and twice as many downed. He stared at the Goblins. Then at the fourth wall. The Wyvern Lord eyed the nearly-reloaded ballista, and the little Goblin, who’d conjured a ball full of fire in one claw.
She was staring at him. And a group of Goblin [Mages] and [Shamans] were standing on one balcony, throwing spells down at the Wyverns. The Greater Wyvern looked around, at Rags, and then turned.
Forget this.
He waddled off, kicking boulders and debris out of the way. Rags stared as the Wyvern Lord vanished backwards, shrieking a retreat. The other Wyverns, caught off-guard, followed him. The weyr flew backwards, retreating. One of them, enraged, dove at the Wyvern Lord, shrieking. They could have killed the green things! Coward! He challenged the Wyvern Lord—
And his wings froze. The younger Wyvern fell to earth and snapped as he hit the ground. The Wyvern Lord flew onwards in the sudden silence. He was miserable. First the Dragon, the not-Dragons, and now green things? He was going to go munch on some Gargoyles or something.
He was having a really bad week.
Inside the fortress, Rags stared as the last of the Wyverns fled. Some were still on the ground, screaming in pain, but Goblins were webbing them industriously with ropes. She stared about.
Badarrow was looking for Snapjaw. She was grinning, her stomach full of fresh Wyvern. Calescent was prodding a dead Wyvern, musing over dinner options. Poisonbite was kicking a dead Wyvern glumly, upset for some reason.
And Redscar? Redscar, his swords covered in blood, leaned on Thunderfur, whispering into his friend’s ear. He looked up and met Rags’ eyes. He nodded to her.
“Good job, Chieftain.”
All the Goblins looked at Rags. She shrugged. Her heart was racing. She had been afraid. If the Wyverns had gone through the fourth wall, it would have been bad. But it had worked. They had never attacked in such numbers. Ever.
But Goblinhome stood. It was not the first attack it had suffered. It would not be the last. But it had weathered another. Rags looked around, looked at wounded Goblins, how many of her traps had failed to stop the Wyverns, and shook her head.
“It wasn’t much. Weak.”
She never saw the Goblins staring at her back. The slightly-taller Goblin leaned on the ballista, berating herself. She met Redscar’s gaze.
“I will do better next time.”
He shrugged.
 
—-
 
Afterwards, Rags ran down a list of casualties. A report on Goblinhome.
Three out of the four walls were gone. The traps broken. Not many Goblins had died, thankfully—only those hit by the frost breath and a few fighting Wyverns up close. But one was too many.
