7.12 G
Page 36
Teriarch’s eyes opened. He blinked a few times. He laughed, softly, old. And he shook his head.
“I do not think we will meet again, little Goblin. But go. Go and do as you will with your life.”
That was all. He gestured. Rags felt the magic circle below her ignite with power. She bowed, then, since there was nothing she could do.
“Thank you.”
“Go well, little Goblin. You were more pleasant than your predecessor. He was arrogant. You were not.”
Predecessor? Rags felt the magic picking her up. And she realized who that had to be. She shouted.
“Who? Garen?”
Teriarch’s head turned. The magic paused, a moment. But it was in motion. He replied for a second, as Rags felt herself vanishing.
“That impudent little Chieftain? He challenged me when I granted him an audience for the key he held. I forget his name. But he stood here, briefly, before I removed him from my presence. You are at least more polite than he. Yes.”
He saw Rags’ look. And he bowed his head.
“You hold his will too. Go.”
And she vanished. Rags moved through the world in a moment. She appeared in Goblinhome, amid the chaos and worried Goblins. Well, not amid them.
Dragon spells were powerful. But sometimes they got things wrong. At least she appeared above the lake. Rags hit the water with a splash and sunk. But even as the Goblins surged around her, asking questions, preparing to run, to leave, Rags wasn’t sure.
If she was dreaming, let her wake up only in better days. But let her never forget that grand room. And the Dragon’s voice as he spoke to her.
The Dragon had met the Goblin King. A mortal worthy of his respect.
 
—-
 
That night, Rags sniffed as she sat in a bundle of warm blankets. Goathide—she sneezed. She might be getting a cold. Or she might be allergic to goat.
In Goblinhome, a bunch of angry Wyverns were tethered. But a little Wyvern child was rather confused about how a green thing had made its leg stop hurting. And the others kept petting it. It didn’t like the muzzle that stopped it from biting, but it liked being stroked and scratched just so, in places it couldn’t reach.
Rags sat in Badarrow’s shooting spot. Goblins were hard at work, building another wall. Maybe they’d mount the ballista up here. Although if it broke or decayed…
The little Goblin was thinking. Thinking on her encounter, which she still wasn’t sure had happened. Maybe she’d eaten some bad mushroom and hallucinated the entire thing. But her body was still shaking with nerves.
She had learned things. Things she had never dreamed could exist, that Reiss and Garen and perhaps even Tremborag hadn’t known about. Well, perhaps Tremborag.
An island of Goblins. The legacy of Goblin Kings. Things that they knew that Dragons knew.
A lot and a little. Dragons were, apparently, longwinded. Somewhat pretentious. They told you a lot, and a little.
But this one had given her hope. Rags stirred as she looked up. The High Passes lay above her. Even Goblinhome was barely at more than the base of the mountains.
The Goblin Chieftain stared up.
“Pretty high.”
She heard a hatch open. Redscar climbed out of it, and then Badarrow, Snapjaw. Poisonbite wasn’t with them. She was drunk. But the other three joined Rags.
“Chieftain? Having big thoughts?”
Snapjaw looked at Rags. So did the others. Rags looked at them thoughtfully.
“Maybe.”
“Dragon say important things?”
“Dragon has bad breath.”
The other Goblins snorted. Rags paused.
“Thinking. Rabbiteater went north.”
“Far away.”
Badarrow paused. Rags nodded. She looked thoughtfully at the mountains, then pointed.
“North. Rabbiteater. South—inn.”
