7.12 G
Page 35
“Velan the Kind saw his death. He saw the truth that I keep. And he succumbed to the madness of your Goblin Kings. But like all the others, he dreamed of one who might follow and succeed where he failed. His legacy is for that, to safeguard Goblins, or…to give them what they seek. And you hold his key. Do not scorn it lightly, child.”
Rags looked down at the little key hanging around her neck. She looked at the Dragon. It was such a small thing. But it seemed to grow warmer in his presence, at his words.
It was surely just her imagination. But Rags still held it tight. The Dragon gave her hope. And he raised his head.
“The High Passes are vast. So tall that even Dragons feared what lay above. Yet Velan climbed it, to hide his great treasure for one who was worthy. A test, rather than a gift, perhaps. But his treasure remains. And if you find it, you will know his will. Perhaps that may change the fate of Goblins. But perhaps your Kings always choose your fate knowing what will pass.”
The Dragon spoke the words softly. But with a…longing that sent chills down Rags’ spine. She looked up at him. And Teriarch shook his head. He gestured, spoke a word as he raised his claw.
The throne vanished. Rags was abruptly standing where she had been before. She stared around the cavern.
Which was no less filled with treasure, no less vast. But compared to the Dragonthrone, it was dingy, small. And Teriarch himself seemed to feel it. He curled up again, looking tired.
“Leave the treasure your King left, or seek it. I give you only my words, a vow kept. For those Goblins I have met who were worthy of my respect. I care not.”
He was a Dragon. But a poor liar. And Rags saw it. Teriarch breathed in and out, slowly.
“I will return you to your home.”
He raised a claw, pointing, and a circle of magic appeared at Rags’ feet. But she wasn’t ready to go. So the little Goblin waved urgently.
“Question.”
She raised her clawed hand. The Dragon blinked at her.
“I am weary. I do not entertain questions lightly. You have been granted a privilege. Do not presume, mortal.”
He raised his claw. Rags waved her hand urgently. Teriarch snorted.
“Why should I listen to your request?”
He snorted heat and smoke at her. Rags paused.
“What about the words?”
She meant the glowing poem written on the stone. Teriarch’s head rose and he stared at her. For a long moment he paused. Then he bowed his head.
“Ask. I do not promise an answer.”
Rags held her breath. Then she expelled it.
“What is the secret the Goblin Kings know? Of the world?”
Velan knew something. All Goblin Kings did. They remembered or knew…something. But no one knew what it was. Perhaps Greydath did. And perhaps Teriarch…
The Goblin saw the Dragon’s eyes widened. He opened his maw. Spoke.
“Ah.”
For a long moment Teriarch regarded Rags. And then he laughed. It was a soft laugh, but it was laughter. The Dragon laughed and then rose. He shook his head.
“I have had many questions. From arrogant [Necromancers], City Runners, ambitious young [Ladies]—and they were petty ones compared to the [Monarchs], [Heroes], and [Archmages] that once sought my favor. But only Goblins ever ask this question. The most valuable and terrible of secrets.”
He looked down at Rags. And he shook his head.
“I cannot answer you. If you become a Goblin King, you will know the answer better than I. And it will break you. But it is better left forgotten. I could only tell you if…”
The Dragon hesitated.
“If you spoke the right words.”
Rags stared up at him. She thought for a long moment.
“…Please?”
