7.12 G
Page 13
Calescent helpfully added as Rags sketched. She was trying to put down the things she’d seen from Velan’s memory, but she didn’t always get the name of the plants or things he’d used. She made a note as she furiously sketched. Unfortunately, without his perspective, a lot of the roots he used looked like…roots to Rags. She was no [Shaman] or [Cook].
“Mix these two. Boil here for six minutes. Hot enough to see little bubbles…need to mix with magic mixture.”
“What mixture?”
“I didn’t see because nosy [Chef] woke me up!”
Rags snapped at Calescent. The Hob looked hurt.
“Chieftain needs good food. Spends too much time sleeping. Or working.”
Rags sighed. But she waved apologetically at him. She did indeed spend a lot of time in her memory-sleep, not regular sleep. Trying to recover information from the past.
Sometimes it was useless. Other times…well, it was thanks to that Rags had learned how to use the blood cloak that Rabbiteater now held. She’d discovered tools, like the ones Velan had used to move bones, or the crude funnels he’d made to pour blood into other Goblins.
He’d known about giving blood, known more than many [Alchemists] and he’d seen the world. Before he became a Goblin King. But what had led him here?
Even now, Rags was searching for the answer. For how else would she make sense of anything?
The little Goblin sat in her quarters in Goblinhome. That was the name for the fortress she’d built in the mountains, with the remnants of every tribe. The Flooded Waters Tribe, the Mountain City Tribe, the Redfangs, the Cave Goblins—even what few of Reiss’ subjects had survived.
The living remained. It had been a long journey, finding this place. Building it, piece by piece as monsters tried to eat them. Managing the squabbling factions. The…her…
Rags stopped writing. Her hand began to shake and she had to put down the quill.
“Chieftain?”
The dead. Pyrite smiled at Rags as she fled the Human [Lord]. Garen Redfang fell. Tremborag stopped moving, staring at his distant home. Reiss died.
All dead. Rags was shivering. Shaking. Calescent grabbed her.
“Chieftain, breathe. Get [Shaman]—”
He snapped at a Goblin passing outside the door. Rags caught herself, breathed in, out, slowly. Calescent hovered, watching as Rags calmed.
Slowly, the panic attack faded. Rags could breathe. By the time the apprentice [Shaman] came hurrying with his pouches of medicine, Rags was calm. She refused the tincture; it was just a combination of herbs which made you relax, dozy.
She needed to be awake. Not shortcuts. Rags looked at Calescent.
“Just memories.”
He nodded, bowing his head. He had been there, too. They all had. But Rags bore most of the guilt. She hadn’t been good enough. No one was. Greydath had said—
“This sword is useless. I am useless. Goblins cannot be saved by me. Or even a hundred of me. We wait for only one thing. A Goblin King.”
And his treasure. Rags felt at the key around her neck.
Garen’s key. The thing he had betrayed his team, the Halfseekers for. For that he had been named a traitor and it had followed him until his end of days.
She had thought it lost with him. But Redscar had taken the key, along with Redfang, Garen’s blade. And it had passed to her.
The key. Even Tremborag had known of it. And Greydath had challenged her and the other Goblins. To find Velan’s treasure.
But why? What was the point of treasure? Did Rags need a new sword? Some magical armor? She had no idea what the treasure was. But without knowing, or knowing where the other key lay, how could she find it?
