7.13 K
Page 33
She looked at Pisces. The [Necromancer] stared with wide eyes at Raelt of Jecrass. And the two [Kings] paused.
“You surprise me once again, Raelt of Jecrass. But you never wore it before.”
Flos Reimarch smiled. And his eyes danced. Raelt shifted his posture.
“I just dislike bells.”
Odd last words. But too late. The [Duelist] and [King] exhaled. And it was done. He saw the King of Destruction’s shield lower a fraction.
And he stepped. Across the six or so feet in a single lunge.
[Fencer’s Lunge]. Aiming for the King of Destruction’s heart. Raelt’s rapier flashed, the tip aiming for Flos’ heart. The quintessential attack of his class.
The tip of the blade missed. Flos Reimarch shoved the rapier’s lightning fast thrust away. It skidded upwards, slashing through his enchanted armor along the shoulder.
Blood ran along the rapier as Raelt disengaged, flickering back. With each step he blurred. Not [Flash Step], but [Quick Step]. Nearly as powerful, and his, without spell. He circled, lunged in as the King of Destruction turned. A second strike, at Flos’ side. Feint, slashing at the wrist that held the broadsword.
The King of Destruction halted his counterthrust. But he was exposed. Raelt was going for his tendons, so the [King] thrust his arm forward.
The rapier cut deep, the inside of his arm. But shallow. And the broadsword—
Raelt flung himself backwards, a second before it ran him through the belly. He saw the shield in Flos’ other hand flicker, his parrying dagger moved. The strike with the edge of the shield towards his neck missed.
The [Duelist]-[King] stepped back, using his mobility to give himself a moment as Flos checked himself. The King of Destruction was wounded twice. Across the shoulder, and his left, sword arm. But neither cut was deep or had scored any critical wound. He was left-handed, which had thrown Raelt off.
The King of Jecrass wasn’t wounded. But his left hand was numb. He’d knocked away the shield coming at his face, but the force behind the blow—
He couldn’t rely on parrying. One good strike would shatter his guard. Maybe even his sword.
A monstrous strength. And Flos was fast. Raelt had been hoping to end the battle in one thrust. A fool’s hope, but when the other [King] hadn’t known how fast he was, he’d had the element of surprise.
Now, the two looked at each other. Flos glanced at his arm, dismissed the blood. He grinned.
“Nearly.”
But not enough. Raelt opened his mouth to reply, as if they were just on the dueling ground. But he couldn’t reply casually. He saw his death reflected in the way Flos shifted his guard, warding his vitals. He wouldn’t let Raelt get in a second shot like that. And the odds of him winning—
As Raelt began to walk left, he realized there was a dull sound at the back of his ears. He was locked on Flos, and the other [King] didn’t seem to hear. But there it was. So loud that Raelt couldn’t tune it out.
Loud…? And then Raelt realized.
It was screaming. Shouting, from hundreds of thousands of voices. His head turned. And he saw the people on the wall of Levrhine. The citizens of Belchan. His army, and beyond them, in the scrying orb, the people of Jecrass. [Fencers] and [Duelists] the world over—everyone else.
Shouting in awe. For there the two [Kings] stood. And the King of Destruction bled onto the ground. The golden bell rang as Raelt turned his head. They were cheering him, Belchan and Jecrass’ citizens. Believing in a miracle for a second. And the King of Destruction laughed.
“Don’t be distracted, King of Jecrass!”
