7.13 K
Page 22
There was no smoke. No sign of damage at the gates. Nor had Jecaina seen so much as a bared blade. The people of Belchan had thrown open their doors and let the army in. They’d taken the palace in moments.
Just in time too. Orthenon had been only minutes behind. Raelt met the [Steward]’s burning gaze.
“Jecrass declared war on Belchan. The Realm of Jecrass was unable to let the slaughter of innocent citizens pass—”
He broke off as Orthenon leaned over the saddle. The [Steward]’s gaze fixed on Raelt’s face.
“The King of Destruction demands justice. This trick will not protect the Prime Minister. Or Belchan.”
Pressure. Like a [King]’s aura. Raelt saw the people behind him stagger. He locked his legs and replied in a level tone.
“I have claimed this city. Justice will be done. If the King of Destruction would like to witness it, he may come himself.”
Orthenon looked at Raelt. The two didn’t blink. Abruptly, Orthenon sat back upright. He waved his hand in a circle—the [Riders] behind him moved.
Everyone around Raelt tensed, and the [King] felt a leap in his chest. But the riders were just turning around. Orthenon looked down at Raelt. And his voice was cold.
“His Majesty is on his way. He will decide what occurs next. That is my warning to you, King Raelt of Jecrass.”
Then he bowed slightly, a courtier’s bow to a [King]. And he was gone. Raelt waited until he was a hundred meters away, already accelerating faster and faster—and then he sagged.
It had begun. There was a babble of voices after Orthenon was gone. People talking to him, demanding—asking—
Afraid. Raelt saw it on their faces. It was in him too, a terrified, clawing thing. But he mastered it. He couldn’t hear the others as he turned.
“Keep a watch out for him. The [Steward]. And the [King]. The other one, I mean. Geril. Where’s Geril?”
The [Retainer] looked at Raelt. The [King] paused. His daughter was staring at him with wide eyes.
“Jecaina, you will remain with the army.”
“—”
“No buts! You will stay with a guard of [Trick Riders]—”
The famously mobile elites of Jecrass, well, one branch.
“—and stay safe! Do you understand? No arguments this time, Jecaina!”
Only after Raelt saw his daughter nodding did he realize that she hadn’t responded. The [King] caught himself. He looked around.
Everyone was looking at him. Morale. They were terrified. And why not? Their [King] had barely been able to deal with the [Steward]. Raelt was underlevelled. Why not be afraid? Even with an army larger than the King of Destruction’s. Raelt breathed in and out.
“I must speak to Lyfelt. Watch the gates. General Lael—deploy the army.”
“For what, your Majesty?”
Raelt looked at her.
“For a battle. An army is approaching.”
Her face went as white as the other’s. Raelt just shook his head. It was common sense.
But it couldn’t come to that. He knew. So, slowly, the King of Jecrass ascended the steps to the parliament where the Republic of Belchan was ruled.
Lyfelt was there. He had been hiding in his home, but the parliament building had safe-rooms. He had holed up in them from the mob. But the army had forced the safe rooms open.
Another flaw. Raelt was led by some of his [Soldiers] and the terrified [Politicians] and leaders of Belchan to the vault. What was the point of a vault you could open from the outside? His [Soldiers] had forced the safe word and key out of the caretakers in moments.
Prime Minister Lyfelt waited for him inside. His family had been taken to safety. But the man, a handsome, charismatic leader, waited inside.
