7.13 K
Page 15
All across the battlefield, Belchan’s [Soldiers] were surrendering. There were only a few pockets of—no, even the most stubborn of their warriors didn’t have the heart for it. Not in the face of Zamea, or Mars. There was no glory, no pride left to fight that.
Teres only realized she was gulping for air, her heart beating out of her chest after she lowered her sword. Then she felt her burning arms, the cuts she’d taken, a burn across her chest and chainmail that had fused with her skin.
She didn’t throw up—but only because she’d felt this before. The crash at the end of a battle. Teres looked around, trying to tell what had happened. She had been so caught up in her fighting she hadn’t seen the entire battlefield as others had. She saw the remaining [Mages] on Belchan’s side surrendering as Orthenon wiped his blade. And a woman, kneeling in front of Parasol Stroll as Ulyse, Mirin, and the others surrounded her.
 
—-
 
All told nearly half of Belchan’s army survived. Put another way—nearly half of them had been slaughtered. Still, Reim’s forces had gone through Belchan’s so fast that some pockets of the army hadn’t even had time to fight before the battle was decided.
It was a nightmare. No—surreal. Grand Mage Esiela knelt on the dry ground. She was surrounded by Parasol Stroll. She hadn’t even taken any wounds. But she’d seen Fultoolm die. So she had surrendered. She couldn’t even flee; she’d tried to cast [Invisibility] and other movement spells and Parasol Stroll had caught her.
Now, she was afraid. The [Mages] were suppressing her magic. She couldn’t have cast spells if she wanted to. And she saw the King of Destruction standing with his vassals as the rest of the [Soldiers] were disarmed.
Prisoners of war. They hadn’t been executed. But they’d be slaves. Or ransomed at least, by the Slavers of Roshal. Imagine that. Nearly seventy thousand people…
Better than being dead. Grand Mage Esiela was imagining a mage collar around her neck. She wanted to throw up. But only her dignity kept her from doing so. Her students…
“Six [Mages]. More than we thought. Grand Mage, you are powerful.”
The leader of Parasol Stroll leaned on his bright umbrella as he addressed her. Ulyse was a kindly, uncle-ish sort. A mix between the grandfather and uncle, really. But he had battled her with deadly spells, killed dozens of people during the battle.
He was relaxed, afterwards. Just taking his leisure amid the dead. That was the difference between him and her. Esiela shuddered as Ulyse looked at her.
There was a younger woman standing next to him. Ulyse turned to her.
“Mirin, the mage-collars the Slavers of Roshal carry won’t work on someone of Grand Mage Esiela’s caliber. We’ll have to ensure she doesn’t escape.”
“Or offer her a place.”
The other woman’s voice was quiet. Esiela shuddered as the [Mages] of Parasol Stroll all looked at her.
“Offer me…?”
For answer, Ulyse reached out and picked up an umbrella. Covered in blood. He showed it to Esiela.
“This belonged to Vivica. One of the [Mages] you killed. Six of our own are dead. But that is war. So, as is our custom, we offer you a choice. Be bound to our company, with the blood-debt of the defeated and the fallen. Take up a parasol and walk with us. Fight with us. Six dead. So, then—six years. Swear by magical oath and blood. Or become a [Slave]. The choice is yours.”
“If the King of Destruction wants her slain…”
One of the [Mages] murmured. Esiela just stared. This was all too much. Ulyse nodded.
