7.13 K
Page 0

The Horns of Hammerad sat in a bar. A bar.
Not an inn. Or a tavern. Or a dive, or a hellhole, or a pub. A bar. There were differences.
They were covered in dust. Stone dust, mixed, mostly limestone but differing in color and consistency. They’d tracked it in, but no one was objecting.
They’d had a bad day. Rock Golems. Yvlon was still hacking; she’d inhaled more than a few lungfuls of stone dust. Ceria was pouring a glass of water in her face.
“It’s in my eyes. I can’t get it out!”
They’d been fighting a Stone Golem…infestation? Plague? Again, it wasn’t any of those things. The natural-occurring varieties of Golems sometimes just appeared, especially in areas with lots of magicore. And they caused havoc.
But they were powder. And the Horns were free to continue on their journey north. After they rested.
Pisces was helping clean Ksmvr off. The Antinium was practically covered in Golem remains. The [Bartender] brought over a bucket of water, but he put it on a table far from the Antinium and [Necromancer]. It was Ksmvr he stared at, with clear nerves.
Dust and grime hit the floor, but no one objected. The Horns eventually stopped hacking and groaning. Then they just looked at each other.
“I hate fighting Golems. What were they made of, pumice?”
“Soft loam.”
Pisces grumbled. He wasn’t dirty; he’d stayed out of the Golem’s reach, fighting from a remove. His comrades hadn’t been as nimble, or, in Ksmvr’s case, had opted to fight closer up.
It didn’t matter. It was one adventure in a number they’d had since going north. And at least they were being paid for this one. Indeed, their payment came as the old [Village Headwoman] walked over. She was in her late nineties. But since she was a half-Elf—it really didn’t mean much.
Even so, the half-Elf had years on her, more than Ceria or Falene. The [Cryomancer] stood up respectfully as the other half-Elf, Disabella, walked over. She looked like she was oh, just thirty years old, with that immortal youth all half-Elves had.
She had dark skin, black hair, and she had lived here all her life. In Izril, a half-Elf far from home. Ceria bowed slightly.
“Miss Disabella, sorry about the mess.”
“I dare say you’ve earned the right to a mess. After clearing out dozens of our pests.”
The half-Elf [Headwoman] was a curious mix of things. She was spry, lively. But she acted…old. Motherly. Because she’d married three times and had over a dozen children and grandchildren. She made Ceria uncomfortable. She was the exact opposite of the half-Elves who lived in their timeless villages in Terandria.
A half-Elf who lived in the present, who mixed with other species. ‘Timecaught’ was the derogatory term sometimes used, again, only by the half-Elves who believed in separation.
Ceria wasn’t one of them, but she understood the word. Because…Disabella was aged. Not in body, but her relationships and life among the mortal races made her feel older. They had left lines on her face despite her ‘youth’ as half-Elves measured such things. She had lived each one of her ninety years in this village. Ceria, who had grown up for over forty years in a half-Elf village couldn’t imagine it.
The [Headwoman] gave Ceria a smile as if she could read the younger half-Elf’s every thought. But again—they had talked. And this was the end of their battle against the Golems who’d haunted this village’s mines, attacking anyone who got too near.
“My gratitude. And you’ve earned your fee. We can’t pay you much—”
“It was our honor, Miss.”
