7.13 K
Page 32
“However, there is something else you must always remember. And that is what it means to be a [King]. To wear the crown. You must never, can never be anything less than the crown you wear. That is the dignity, the weight of your duties. Never compromise on your soul. And sometimes that means you fight to the last.”
She looked up him, her eyes swimming with tears. Raelt placed the crown on her head, softly, and bent to kiss her on the forehead.
“I am sorry.”
He stood, then, lighter for the absence of that bit of gold. And the [King] turned. And he walked away from his army and subjects, into the ring between both armies. With his back straight, his posture relaxed. And the rapier and parrying dagger were in his hands.
The army of Reim began to chant as Flos Reimarch advanced. The King of Destruction. They shouted his name. The half-Giants and Rustängmarder, his vassals.
“Flos Reimarch! King of Destruction.”
He smiled as he raised his sword. And they howled. On the other side, Raelt heard nothing. Then—a shout.
“Raelt of Jecrass! King of Jecrass!”
Mortal voices, shouting. His River Wardens, his old retainer. His daughter. His army took up the chant. But they were drowned out by the roar of the half-Giants, for all their numbers.
The two [Kings] approached. Raelt Leysars was calm. He was an average [King]. Yes, that was true. But he had another class.
[Duelist]. And he was higher in level in that than his class of [King]. Which was probably a mistake. But he had been a young [Prince]. And he loved the sword.
He hated bells. And horses, and oranges. And other things. But as Raelt walked forwards, he felt in his belt pouch. And he pulled something out.
Orthenon, the King’s [Steward] stood in the center of the ring of bodies. He called out calmly as Raelt fumbled with his rapier’s hilt.
“Upon my signal, both sides shall duel until death or forfeit. Any who interfere, I shall cut down.”
The two [Kings] saw him walk back. And it was time. Raelt heard his blood thundering in his veins. And he felt more alive than he could remember in years. And what a shame that it should be so. He wished he had felt like this for a thousand days.
“Moments like these we live for.”
The King of Destruction stood. His hair shone red and gold. And his eyes gleamed like emeralds. He did not ask Raelt to surrender again. He just waited.
“Sorry. One moment.”
Raelt felt silly. He was still fumbling with a bit of string, as everyone waited. The King of Destruction just nodded. What dignity. Everyone stared at Raelt as he cursed over the bit of thread, trying to tie a knot.
Had he lost his nerve? What was he doing? The King of Destruction waited patiently. And then Raelt fit the knot, tied the string. He lowered his hand. And as he raised his rapier, something shone from the hilt. Tied with a bit of thread.
It rang in the silence, as the two [Kings] faced each other. A high, piercing sound. Familiar. Flos Reimarch stared at it as Raelt slowly walked left. And the King of Destruction circled the other way. Only he saw the little object clearly at first. But the gleam amid the falling night caught the eye.
What was it? Then—the watchers heard the sound again. Coming from the rapier, and the object Raelt had attached to it.
A jingling bell. It rang a third time, as Raelt shifted his posture. Delicate, beautiful, made so that even the slightest motion would make it chime.
But it was not silver. Ceria Springwalker stared into the mirror. And she saw a flash of—
“Gold?”
