7.13 K
Page 12
Too late. Flos beheaded her. He caught the mortally wounded soldier of the Rustängmarder as he fell. And Flos Reimarch paused. He reached for a healing potion at his side, but the man was dying. So the King of Destruction knelt, as the Rustängmarder fought around him.
“Brave [Soldier]. You have fulfilled your oath. Tell me your name.”
The dying man somehow had the strength to reach up. He pulled his helmet loose. And the King of Destruction looked into the dead man’s face. He listened and bowed his head. Then he let go.
“Go now, Igel of Reim. Rise. Your crimes die with you.”
Helmetless, the man rose. He was a young man. And his eyes were wide and blank. The wound in his chest had stopped pouring blood. He did not look at the [King]. But he took his sword and shield and plunged into the fighting at the front.
Faster than the other Rustängmarder, than any other [Soldier]. Igel’s blade hacked and he charged into Belchan’s ranks. He ignored the wound in his chest, ignored the blades that cut at his unguarded face and pierced his thick armor.
The [Soldiers] of Belchan fell back, unnerved by this fearless warrior with the hole in his chest. Flos raced forwards, at Igel’s back. And the Rustängmarder roared as they charged, the first noise they had ever made.
It was only after an arrow pieced Igel’s eye, and a sword was thrust into his throat and he kept moving that the children of Belchan realized the truth. Igel’s blank eyes stared forwards as his body kept fighting.
But he was already dead. The [Death Soldier] advanced, fighting, fulfilling his oath in death. And the courage of those who fought him broke.
How could you fight a dead man? He was already—
Half-Giants cracked the earth as the King of Destruction roared.
“Advance! Cut their army in half!”
He was poised to do it. But—the [Mages] were creating walls of magic, slowing the advance. On them everything hinged.
Grand Mage Esiela was panting. But she’d brought down four of Parasol Stroll. They could win! The King of Destruction was pushing in with his elites, but if he fell—
“Students! [Mages]! Hold back the enemy! Teachers, with me. We kill the King of Destruction.”
The [Grand Mage] turned. Parasol Stroll launched spells at her back, but the massed ranks of Belchan’s spellcasters were using the same tactics on them. They had learned in minutes the lessons of battle.
Esiela ran backwards. She could see how far the King of Destruction had pressed into the canyon. He was indeed trying to split Belchan’s army straight down the middle. But if she reached him—Mars the Illusionist was distracted! And the half-Giants and the Rustängmarder couldn’t protect him from her spells.
“To me! We kill the King of Destruction!”
Blood was in Esiela’s eyes, her pulse thundering in her ears. She ran around the back of Belchan’s armies, searching for the King of Destruction. His advance would be his undoing. She turned, as the back ranks of [Archers] whirled. Looking at her. She raised her staff, shouting, rallying them—
“—iela! Esiela!”
A hand grabbed her. The Grand Mage stumbled. She turned. One of the teachers in her school was pointing. Esiela looked at him. And she realized the [Archers] weren’t looking at her.
A second army appeared at Belchan’s backs. Thundering down the canyon was a group of nearly ten thousand [Riders]. For a moment Esiela’s heart jumped. Reinforcements?
But no—Fultoolm was screaming for the infantry to turn. For the archers to fire! And Esiela recognized the figure leading the wedge of cavalry. Her heart stopped.
