7.13 K
Page 42
A lower-level foe, growing exponentially against impossible odds. Flos of Reim snarled. He had seen it before. He pointed.
“Ulyse, bring him down. Orthenon! Go.”
The [Steward] shot forwards. He was carving a path towards Raelt again, as the [Mages] of Parasol Stroll began to rain lightning bolts down on Raelt’s position. Flos turned his head.
Jecrass’ army was being torn apart. But they refused to give. As Raelt rode, they kept fighting, even into a slaughter.
“They refuse to break.”
And it was taking a toll on his warriors as well. The Serpent Hunters were falling back, carrying comrades whose string bodies had been severed, desperately field-stitching them up. One of the half-Giants was roaring, downed, his legs shredded as Zamea and another stood over him, keeping the army back.
And then—Parasol Stroll was bringing bolts of electricity down as Orthenon tried to corner Raelt. They were forming a massive ball of bound electricity over their heads. Flos saw them aiming it up—
And then an explosion. The [Mages] brought up their parasols just in time as something hit them. Flos shielded his face. Mars looked up.
“What was—”
She saw a comet falling at her. The [Vanguard] raised her shield.
The [Valmira’s Comet] spell hit her and detonated. Everyone around Mars was thrown back. The [Vanguard] had braced. She lowered her shield. And she saw more spells raining down from the heavens.
“Your Majesty! Belchan’s Mage School is loosing artillery spells!”
Flos’ head turned. He saw distant flashes of light from the academy built into the hillside. And then he heard more horn calls.
Levrhine’s gates had opened. From the gates poured Belchan’s garrisons. Their [Mages] were holding the walls and arrows were raining down on Flos’ army. The King of Destruction saw Parasol Stroll shielding themselves and Orthenon breaking away as a wall of Belchan’s [Soldiers] appeared. Shielding Raelt.
The King of Destruction stared at the distant King of Jecrass. He looked around.
“He’s rallied them. Their will is unbreakable.”
He paused. The King of Destruction sheathed his sword. He put his head down and uttered an oath. Then he threw his head back and laughed.
“My lord?”
“Mars! Find Teres and bring her to safety! Commander Ytol, signal Orthenon to take his [Riders] and strike Jecrass’ army. Signal the retreat!”
The King of Destruction roared. His vassals stared at him. But then moved within moments. Ytol raised his horn and blew a wailing call. The army of Reim looked up.
And they began to pull back. Raelt couldn’t believe what he was seeing at first. But it was true. Orthenon raced across the battlefield, dodging spells, still cutting down his opponents as the infantry pulled back, in an orderly retreat.
“They’re leaving?”
General Lael stared. Her face was cut open, and she was covered in sweat and blood. But she was alive. Geril, shielding Jecaina, had a chunk of flesh missing from his leg and side. And Jecrass’ dead littered the field, with Belchan’s.
But Reim’s forces were retreating. Raelt stared around. He stared at the King of Destruction’s back. Why? He had been tearing Jecrass’ army apart.
And his elite vassals had been in danger. Not Orthenon or Mars perhaps, but a single half-Giant falling, or his Rustängmarder—he might have won. But to do that, he either had to use his [Army of the King], or watch as his army was burnt away.
He had refused to do that. Just as Raelt had speculated. But he’d never imagined…
The [King of Challenges] realized he was swaying in his saddle. He kept hearing himself leveling up, kept blacking out, hearing and not hearing.
