7.13 K
Page 9
[Mages] dueled. [Archers] launched volleys of arrows at each other. The cavalry was maneuvering, looking for an opening in the narrow pass. But the first group that reached Belchan’s entrenched defenders was the foot. The infantry, massed behind the King of Destruction.
He was charging ahead, faster than anyone else. Mars ran next to him, shielding him from arrows and spells. But the King of Destruction was not first to reach the line of Humans.
The first were the half-Giants.
Behold. The [Soldiers] looked up as a shadow passed over their heads. They gazed higher and higher. Not ten feet, or twenty feet, but thirty feet up.
Taller than houses. With the last blood of Giants running in their veins. It was just a word. From afar you could dismiss them. But up close?
Zamea strode at the first line of [Soldiers]. Then her pace picked up. She began to run, outdistancing the Humans on horses, the racing [Soldiers]. So tall she blotted out everything behind her.
And her axe gleamed. She smashed through a wall of dirt and stone, snapped wooden spikes in the pits dug to stop small, mortal folk. The first row of pikes and shields in Belchan’s army held their ground. Trembling with each step. They were braced to stop a charging mass of horses, [Soldiers]. But this? How did you stop—
“SMALL.”
Zamea swung her axe. And the rank of [Soldiers] in front of her vanished. She plowed into the [Soldiers], her feet smashing them flat. She didn’t stop. The swords and spears thrust into her skin, but barely penetrated. The half-Giant brought down her axe again, with both hands. And the earth shook with the impact.
“Small! Come, smallfolk! Bring us down! For Reim! In the King of Destruction’s name! Flos Reimarch!”
The woman roared. She planted her feet and swung her axe again, in an arc. Armored bodies went flying. And the mortal smallfolk ran. They backed away. Who could stop her swing? A Level 30 [Shieldmaster]? Against that?
Colossal strength. Skin that could stop steel. Zamea roared as three more half-Giants charged into the [Soldiers] of Belchan. There were tens of thousands of them.
But here were Giants. And behind them—the King of Destruction and his army. They poured into the openings torn by the half-Giants, howling, cutting through the broken formation. General Fultoolm stared.
“Bring her down. Bring that one down! Archers! Mages! Grand Mage—”
He looked for Esiela. But she was gone, dueling the [Mages] of Parasol Stroll. The [General] looked up as the [Soldiers] tried to surround the half-Giant. She was mighty, but she was only one. There were only a few half-Giants. If one fell—they could drag her down with ropes, cut her to pieces.
The [Soldiers] of Belchan poured forwards. A [Captain] pointed and a detachment of elites with shields rushed at the half-Giant. They had enchanted blades.
Zamea swung and her axe bounced off the elite soldiers as they braced. Fultoolm felt his heart beating again. He gasped in relief as the half-Giantess recoiled. An enchanted javelin struck her in the cheek and sunk deep.
She could die. She could die! Zamea shielded her face as arrows flew at her eyes, and the elites began to encircle her, trying to cut at her left leg. She roared her fury. Then Zamea raised her axe. She tensed—
“[Cleaving Arc].”
She swung her axe. And the blade gleamed. It grew wider for a second—the [Soldiers] froze as it came at them—
And the blow cut half of them apart. Enchanted armor tore and bent. Skills and shields failed to stop the mighty strike. General Fultoolm stared.
“A Skill? That’s not—fair.”
