7.13 K
Page 24
In time, there were running footsteps, voice which interrupted the deafening, damning silence. Raelt looked up. He heard a panicked voice.
“Send for General Lael! The King of Destruction is leading an army towards the capital gates! His Majesty—”
“I’ll go myself.”
Raelt slowly walked out of the safe room. The [Messenger] stared at him. Raelt slowly descended the steps, the flurry of people and voices silent and invisible to him.
The King of Destruction was waiting.
 
—-
 
“What is this?”
Flos Reimarch’s voice was very quiet as he stared at the army assembled in front of Levrhine. Jecrass’ army was large. But they shifted, like a breeze before his very gaze.
Teres was there. Zamea, crouching. Mars, Ulyse, Jelaim, Ytol, Chieftain Nelrra—Flos’ vassals. The [Steward] addressed his lord, his voice soft.
“They went in through open gates, your Majesty. No one so much as shot a bow at them.”
Jecrass’ army had stormed through the capital and occupied it in the hour before Flos’ army could get there. Now, they stood in front of it. Barring the way.
The King of Destruction looked at the city, and the army. He was quiet. Still. As contained as he had been the night the Gnolls had been found.
“I see. Then come with me. We will see what King Raelt has to say.”
He motioned. Teres saw his vassals hesitate.
“Who, your Majesty?”
The King of Destruction turned. And his eyes gleamed in the fading light, like burning embers.
“Everyone.”
The army of Jecrass faltered as Reim’s forces advanced. The mounted horses were at a disadvantage in close quarters. But they had not been given the order to attack. Who would order that? So it was stay—or retreat.
“Where is King Raelt of Jecrass?”
Flos Reimarch spoke as he rode up towards the other army. They looked up at him and both animals and people quailed. The female [General] flinched as she met the King of Destruction’s gaze. Teres thought she recognized a young woman far in the back of the army, mounted like most of them.
But then there was King Raelt. Teres had only seen him from afar. And she was surprised.
He was a tall man. Not exactly as serious-looking as Orthenon, but attractive. Limber, wearing leather armor and a rapier. He looked…normal. Not exactly like a [King]—or rather, Flos. The only [King] besides Fetohep that Teres had ever met.
He was on foot. Flos looked down at Raelt as he approached with an old man in armor. The King of Destruction paused. And then he slowly dismounted.
Mars and Orthenon walked forwards with him, as they had again. But this time the air hurt. King Raelt paused as he looked at the King of Destruction. He could feel his anger.
The conversation between the two men was simple. The two [Kings] looked at each other.
“King Reimarch.”
“King Raelt of Jecrass. Why is your army here?”
“Jecrass declared war on Belchan.”
“Why?”
“Because we witnessed the atrocity. Jecrass could not stand by. Nor could I.”
Flos paused. His eyes flicked to the city.
“Yet you conquered Levrhine without a battle.”
“The people thought it safer to surrender to Jecrass than Reim. I have no idea why.”
Mars smiled. But it was a smile with a glint in her eyes. Flos just looked at Raelt.
“I am not in the mood for games or jokes, Raelt. I considered you a sensible ruler, a good man. Why are you blocking my armies?”
King Raelt inhaled slowly and spoke.
“To prevent a slaughter. The people of Belchan have done nothing wrong, your Majesty Reimarch.”
Flos’ eyes narrowed.
“Some of Belchan’s people slaughtered Gnolls for no other reason than that they were Gnolls and mine.”
