7.13 K
Page 21
“The King of Destruction is approaching Levrhine.”
That was all you needed to say. Flos Reimarch rode at the head of his army. They were tired, but not by much. Stamina potions, Skills—and their fury kept them moving.
Gnolls marched with the army too. One had white fur. The others carried bows, hunting javelins. Many had gone south, civilians. But they marched behind their [King].
For vengeance. To answer a [King]’s fury. For a child, for a people killed far from home.
The pounding feet and hooves were like thunder. Teres was afraid. Flos had marched to battle in fury, laying waste to each army. But with each passing mile, the dark energy coming off him grew deeper.
He was not coming to Levrhine for battle. But his justice. And he had sworn to kill a man.
Prime Minister Lyfelt of Belchan. Not just him. A thousand of Belchan’s citizens for every Gnoll that had been slaughtered. And Teres…feared he would carry out on his threat.
She still remembered the dead Gnolls. That—could not be forgiven. This Lyfelt was to blame. But the others? People who had no idea, who were just Belchan’s citizens?
No. She was resolved to stop it. Somehow, even if she had to put herself in front of Flos. That was Teres’ resolve. She just hoped she could do it.
She wished Trey were here. But he was marching north with the rest of the King of Destruction’s armies, and Gazi. The Quarass had declined to do battle.
This was how they rode. In fury and retribution and bloody vengeance. In silence. And racing ahead of the vanguard and marching [Soldiers] was the [Steward].
Orthenon spotted the capital city of Levrhine first. He put up his hand and his [Riders] slowed. Orthenon had only six thousand of his cavalry with him. He wasn’t about to start the siege—just prevent the Prime Minister from fleeing. But what he saw made him stare.
An army had taken Levrhine. A massive one was encircling the city. The gates were open and horses were pouring into the city. A winding column was joining the rest of the army.
“Another army? Reinforcements?”
A worried voice from one of the officers. Orthenon wondered the same thing. His eyes narrowed and then he spotted the banners. A horse on fields of gold.
Jecrass’ banners. The [Steward] cursed. He kicked his mount forwards.
“With me!”
The arrival of the King of Destruction’s steward provoked a ripple in the army. He was outnumbered six-to-one. But the entire army pivoted towards him—until a command rippled through their ranks. A man on horseback rode out of the gates. Then he dismounted—he’d had enough of horses.
General Lael and the River Wardens and an army of elite [Trick Riders] and [Lancers] surrounded the man. But the [King] of Jecrass didn’t step back as Orthenon rode down on him. The [Steward] stopped abruptly.
And he looked down on King Raelt.
“What is the meaning of this, King Raelt of Jecrass? His Majesty marches on Levrhine. Why is Jecrass’ army here?”
His voice was flat. And Jecaina, being restrained by Geril, shuddered. In awe and trepidation. Danger hung from the Left Hand of Destruction. The [Ruinbringer Steward]. A man who had slain monarchs, nearly as many as his [King].
She looked at her father. And he seemed small, compared to the tall, dark figure. But Raelt Leysars of Jecrass only nodded to Orthenon. And the circlet on his head flashed as he spoke.
“I’ve subjugated this area. Pull back your men, King’s Steward. These lands are now formally part of the Realm of Jecrass.”
Orthenon stared at Raelt. Incredulously. He looked past Raelt, at the capital city.
