7.13 K
Page 2
The Horns laughed at that. Ceria put the mirror down and realized her hair was covered in dust. Every time she turned, she created a cloud that sent everyone into coughing fits. In time, the Horns found washbasins being brought to them, and the villagers came around to thank them—again, wary of Ksmvr, except for the children who begged to borrow his Ring of Jumping.
Another adventure, and the Horns would nearly be at Invrisil. And then they’d see The Wandering Inn again. Ceria yearned for that, and she knew her friends did too. And then further north, to find Ryoka.
All these things would come. But for now, the Horns sat around. And the other villagers and the adventurers began to stare at the little scrying mirror, listening to the voice as the images flickered. Tonight wasn’t their story.
 
—-
 
War in Belchan. Three days had passed since the King of Destruction’s furious declaration of war. And today—
The war was coming to its end. In Pallass, Noass was commentating with Sir Relz on an aerial view of the battle, courtesy of an actual [Scrying] spell linked with other spells.
That was necessary—there was no way for any [Mage] on the ground to get close. Because both armies would slay any bystander casting magic in the area.
Three days. It had taken Tiqr weeks to fall, even with a coalition of nations invading. But Tiqr had been larger than Belchan. The other armies unprepared for the stiff resistance the Empress of Beasts had put up.
And…the attacker had not been the King of Destruction. From the moment he had declared war, his army had marched deeper into Belchan, leaving a trail of destruction that had been captured by the worldwide broadcast. Flos Reimarch’s force of sixty thousand soldiers had already been camped within the outer limits of Belchan; now, after three days, they were almost upon the capital.
“Analysis, class. How has the King of Destruction made such incredible progress?”
Niers Astoragon stood on his lectern and looked at his students. His special class was emptier than normal, so he’d merged it with some of his advanced regular students and the officers. The room was unnaturally silent as the [Strategists] and [Tacticians] watched the silenced view of the battle.
The Titan had, of course, been observing the entire conflict. He’d been teaching lessons around it nonstop. Now, he pointed.
“Marian.”
“The King of Destruction’s fought through numerous engagements, Professor. Eleven major ones…”
The Centauress cleared her throat. She looked restless. But most of the students who’d seen battle did. They could sense the conflict was nearing and were having trouble keeping their eyes off the scrying orb.
“Focus, class. Objective decisions in the heat of battle.”
Niers spoke quietly. He understood their emotions, though. The students focused back on him, some flushing. Marian went on.
“The King of Destruction does not have a large army. He’s gathered some of his reinforcements from Hellios, but most of his actual armies are still on the march north. By all rights, this army should not be attacking Belchan; they have nearly double his forces trying to hold the pass.”
“But he is going to engage them. And he hasn’t been slowed, even by forces larger than his. Why?”
Marian paused.
“Because he’s the King of Destruction, Professor.”
“Correct.”
The Titan of Baleros nodded. That was an accurate summation. He pointed at the scrying mirror. At the tiny shapes that the [Mages] performing the [Scrying] spell were trying to zoom in on.
