7.13 K
Page 38
“Milady, Jecaina, stay where you are.”
He turned. And he smiled as Jecaina looked at him. The old and faithful servant, friend, and second father to Raelt and his daughter hefted his spear. He tensed, and Jecaina hoped. Geril opened his mouth.
“His Maj—”
And stopped. A shadow fell over him. And Jecaina saw her last hope die. Cut, by the watcher.
A dark gaze. A sword, aimed at Geril’s throat. The King of Destruction’s faithful servant stood there.
Orthenon. The Left Hand of Destruction. He held his sword at Geril’s throat and looked at General Lael, the other officers. Jecaina.
“The duel will not be interrupted.”
The officers of Jecrass’ army, the [Princess], and Geril all stood still. Overwhelmed by the [Steward]. And the River Wardens stared at Orthenon from afar.
There were no miracles here.
 
—-
 
Raelt fell to one knee. He was tired. So tired. His arms burned and his muscles were torn. He was bleeding. And he saw his death walking towards him.
Cautiously. Raelt had been given two chances. But the King of Destruction had seen both of them. Raelt had hurt him.
But the King of Destruction bore no wounds. In the end, one was a [Duelist] and a [King]. An average [King]. Good at fencing. Worthy of his golden bell. But the other was the King of Destruction.
Time. Raelt stood up. Flos of Reim held a sword and shield in hand. He waited. He had seen men die before, and his guard was up.
Raelt would not die on his knees. He looked at Flos of Reim. He was out of Skills. Out of magical items. He’d lost his dagger, and there were no more potions.
“But skill. The blade lives. It is more than class. More than a Skill.”
The [King] mumbled. He looked at the King of Destruction. And he lunged.
A perfect step. Raelt slashed, thrust—Flos of Reim grunted as the blade cut across his shin, stabbed through his ruined armor along the shoulder blade. He slashed, and Raelt stepped left, dodging the blade.
He cut along the King of Destruction’s neck, but too shallow. Raelt stepped back as Flos knocked him back. Onto his back.
Raelt stared up at the sky. He saw a figure move, heard a cry. He looked up—
The sword tip hit the earth as Raelt turned his head. Flos blocked the return strike. He calmly stepped on Raelt’s right leg and snapped it. The [Duelist] made no sound. He braced as Flos Reimarch took aim again—
And jumped. His sword went under the shield. Through the King of Destruction’s belly. A second time Flos’ eyes widened. But again, he grabbed Raelt’s hand. This time he held the sword in his other hand. Raelt looked up at the blade as the King of Destruction lifted it.
“Protect his Majesty!”
A voice bellowed behind Flos. A bolt of lightning flashed. Flos and Raelt turned. The lightning exploded in midair as Ulyse raised his staff. There was a cry.
Someone had cast a spell. Someone had broken the truce. Abandoned honor. Jecaina stared, but it was not Geril. Not her. Nor General Lael. Orthenon’s head turned. And Raelt saw the man who had abandoned his honor in the eyes of the world. And found it.
Warden Dulfe. The River Warden aimed his wand at Flos. With his other hand he drew his sword. He pointed straight at the King of Destruction.
“Rally to his Majesty! Charge!”
He kicked his mount forwards. And his personal [Soldiers] charged. For a moment, Raelt and Flos stared.
No one had expected it. Not from the River Wardens. Not even Orthenon. Dulfe charged, breaking the circle of the duel. Flos Reimarch turned, dropping Raelt to bring his shield up.
