7.13 K
Page 16
“We need more magic, especially of her power. I will argue if he asks it. Well, Grand Mage Esiela? You do not have long to decide. Ten minutes.”
He nodded. The King of Destruction was pointing. Esiela saw his [Soldiers] were moving. They were…beginning to march?
Yes. Reim’s army was already beginning to move down the pass while some guarded the prisoners. They were moving. Advancing to the capital.
To kill the Prime Minster. And bring everyone there the King of Destruction’s justice. Esiela’s blood chilled. But she was helpless. Even if she fought with tooth and nail—the [Mages] were surrounding her. And she was fairly certain that they could fight hand-to-hand far better than she could.
“Grand Mage?”
Esiela jerked. She looked up at Ulyse. A kindly face and those…calm eyes. She shuddered. After thinking for one second, Esiela croaked.
“My students. My—the teachers. The other [Mages]. Will you…?”
Ulyse nodded.
“We will extend the same offer to the others. As is our custom. Slavery or the possibility of ransom or joining our number.”
“And I would swear…”
“To uphold our purpose. No more. Simply to fight with us to the utmost of your ability, cast spells as commanded. Since you are a defeated [Mage], someone will have to monitor you. Mirin, perhaps. But our oaths are sworn with blood magic and other contracts. They are not forsworn lightly.”
His eyes glinted. Mirin looked at Esiela. The Grand Mage shuddered. No indeed. She knew just how well you could bind someone with magic, especially with their blood if they gave it of their own accord.
Six years. But…she knew Roshal’s [Slavers]. And six years serving as a battle mage compared to what a [Slave] might…? Especially someone as valuable as Esiela.
No, there was no choice. Esiela nodded. She licked her lips and realized they were bloody. She immediately gagged.
“I—I will. Join you.”
Ulyse glanced around. The [Mages] of Parasol Stroll nodded.
“Ah, good. You will be a welcome addition, Grand Mage. Then we will administer the oath. Quickly. We must recover and await his Majesty’s orders. And I imagine, I must explain your presence to him.”
He nodded at the King of Destruction. Esiela froze as Mirin produced a vellum scroll glowing with power.
“Await his…?”
The leader of Parasol Stroll looked at Esiela with a smile. A cold one.
“We will be assaulting Belchan’s capital. You wouldn’t happen to know the name of it, would you?”
“Levrhine.”
Esiela whispered. Ulyse nodded.
“Your magic will be invaluable for that battle. We will be attacking the capital before nightfall. His Majesty does not intend us to rest, or for Belchan to reorganize.”
She looked at him. And she could always refuse. But the collar awaited. Esiela bowed her head.
In the end, she’d never really had a chance. Not she, or her army. She drew her own blood and signed the contract, felt the magic bind her.
Then she took the parasol and marched with the other [Mages] upon Levrhine, her home. And the people of Belchan, the students of Belchan’s schools, Prime Minister Lyfelt, saw the Grand Mage marching against them. Just as they had seen the battle, the death of General Fultoolm. The way the King of Destruction had swept over Belchan’s army.
They had seen it all.
 
—-
 
“Well, that’s it then.”
No one had spoken in the scrying orb’s studio for a while. Grand Strategist Chaldion or whomever he was, quietly drank and smoked as he sat back in his chair. Noass and Sir Relz, who were normally trying to fill the silence with commentary…were quiet.
