7.13 K
Page 17
There wasn’t much to say. They’d just watched Belchan’s army routed within…what, thirty minutes? An hour at most. And Reim’s army was marching on the capital.
The students in Belchan’s Mage School had to be panicking. Their staff and headmistress had been killed or…converted. Only some of them had gone to battle—the ones who’d been deemed able to fight. There had to be thousands more students.
And of course, Belchan’s capital, Levrhine had its own garrisons and defenders. Probably tens of thousands, to prevent a surprise raid. A decent army. And there were other parts of its military. They could presumably rally and fight back.
They could. But they wouldn’t. Because the international broadcast, the television, magicvision, whatever you wanted to call it, was working against Belchan.
It had shown them just how overwhelming their foe was. So the King of Destruction had shattered their morale. In his city, Prime Minister Lyfelt might be in power, but when the King of Destruction rode on the city, his head might be offered at the gates for some modicum of mercy.
Perhaps. Or perhaps not. Perhaps the [Politician] could stay in power. But he’d never fight off Flos Reimarch.
“Morale.”
That was the second thing Raelt of Jecrass said. He adjusted the scrying orb, but the other Drakes were still speechless.
In the picture, Chaldion looked sideways at Noass as he leaned back. His voice echoed out of the scrying orb.
“I believe I predicted this. Would you like a breakdown of exactly how badly Belchan’s army was beaten? Because that is why he is called the King of Destruction.”
Raelt saw the Drake who was named…Noass…stir. The [King] wasn’t in a mood to listen, though. He had seen enough. So he deactivated the scrying orb, put it in his saddlebags. And he said the word again.
“Morale.”
“Your Majesty?”
The [King] of Jecrass turned. Raelt Leysars had forgotten he wasn’t alone. He’d been so engrossed in watching the battle. He saw his old retainer and confidant, Geril, looking at him.
“Morale, Giles. That was what General Fultoolm lacked. Along with everything else.”
“I don’t follow, your Majesty.”
Geril cocked his head. He was dressed for war. As was Raelt. But while the [King] wore light, enchanted, flexible leather armor and a rapier at his side, along with a few rings and potions, all treasures of Jecrass’ limited treasury, Geril was wearing much heavier armor.
He was an old man, but he was wearing a damned hauberk, as well as other pieces of mail armor and a conical helmet. He was also carrying a spear he could use from horseback.
Mind you, he could probably use it. The [Retainer] had fought in wars before, and he had been a veteran of a number of battles. Still—Raelt would have just as soon not brought Geril to the front lines. Even if he did hope to avoid a battle.
But Geril had insisted, and he could help command as well as fight. Raelt nodded at him.
“Morale. If Belchan’s army had held, they might have done more damage. Well, that and they let the King of Destruction hit them. You can’t fight half-Giants and Mars and—all of them head-on.”
That was Raelt’s opinion. His blood chilled as he remembered Zamea cutting down [Soldiers] like wheat. No indeed, fighting the King of Destruction head-on was suicide. He went on, forcing the words out. A cold, calm analysis. It was that or succumb to what he’d witnessed.
“Morale. If your army fights, then the King of Destruction’s army is just another army. With powerful Skills yes, but his strength comes from his line breakers, his few elites.”
