7.13 K
Page 23
He looked…smaller. Raelt had been to Belchan a few times, but they often communicated via the magic statue. Raelt forgot that Lyfelt was shorter than he was.
A good looking man, the kind you could vote for. Believe in. But just a man. Not a [King]. Raelt knew the look of a [King]. And that was of someone who could never walk away from his duties until the end. Who wore them for life. A heavy thing, a crown. Flos Reimarch, for all he was so different, had that look.
Lyfelt looked up as Raelt came in. He started, afraid, as if he had expected…but he tried to smile.
“Raelt. My friend.”
The [King] heard him distantly. He looked down at Lyfelt. Then, abruptly, he sat in the safe room. It had enough food to last Lyfelt a long time. Artifacts to dispose of waste…Lyfelt could have lived a long while. Assuming the King of Destruction couldn’t crack the safe with his bare hands, or order his vassals to destroy the entire building.
“Raelt, I can’t tell you how grateful I am. And it—it’s brilliant. I will repay you, I promise.”
The [King] said nothing. He felt his armor bending as he let his shoulder slump, alone with Lyfelt for a moment. Felt the rapier and dagger at his side. The Prime Minster waited, went on, his voice quavering.
“Politically—it works. Belchan’s capital is yours. The King of Destruction has no cause to attack Jecrass. He would be making a mistake. If—the other nations could back your claim. I’m sure they would, but to be safe—”
Raelt looked at him. And he said nothing. His mouth felt closed, sealed by something stronger than magic. Lyfelt hesitated.
“He could force the issue. But—Raelt. I am eternally grateful. I didn’t know what to think when Jecrass invaded. Let me help. I can at least try—”
“I have one plan.”
Raelt spoke, though it felt like it took all of his strength to do so. The [King] looked at his friend.
“My plan is this: take Levrhine first. Claim it, before it is destroyed and the people slaughtered for your mistakes.”
His words were blunt. Lyfelt paled. But then he nodded.
“I don’t deserve your mercy. But you are saving lives. It’s…heroic. What will you say to the King of Destruction when he arrives, Raelt? Do you have a plan?”
“No.”
“Then what do you intend to do? Fight?”
“Fight?”
Raelt just looked at Lyfelt. The other man hesitated. The word sounded as ludicrous out loud as it had in Raelt’s head. Fight that? The Prime Minister hesitated.
“Then what? If he demands…”
The coldest words Raelt had ever uttered came out of his mouth. But he never looked away.
“I have taken Levrhine. But I do not intend to do battle with Flos Reimarch. I intend to give him what he wants.”
He waited. Lyfelt stared at him. What little blood remained drained from his face. He opened and closed his mouth.
“Raelt? You can’t be—you know—how—Raelt?”
He stammered, at a loss for the words for only the second time Raelt had known him. The [King] said nothing more.
Lyfelt scrambled over to him on the bench.
“Raelt. You can’t do this. He’ll kill me. Torture me! He said—I did not know. I swear to you, Raelt! Please! Think of our friendship. Please—”
The [King] heard nothing more. He sat there, and he watched Lyfelt’s lips moving, as the man pleaded, begged, raged. But Raelt could hear nothing. He just sat.
And Lyfelt eventually stopped. He looked at Raelt, staggered onto the bench. And he began to weep.
A [King] should not cry. But he was no [King]. Raelt sat there, with his friend for a while. Hearing nothing over the ringing in his ears.
