7.13 K
Page 30
“He’s as strong as any adventurer, though, Noass. We saw him cut down a number of high-level [Warriors]. I…we must applaud King Raelt of Jecrass’ daring, at least. Indeed, Flos Reimarch is unguarded! That helmet and his armor probably have enchantments, but there’s still gaps. One thrust to the face would kill him.”
“There’s a chance, is what I’m hearing.”
“Yes, absolutely. A chance. King—the ruler of the Realm of Jecrass could—”
Sir Relz paused. The two Drakes were commentating on the lead up to the duel. But even he couldn’t say it.
Raelt could win? Look. The [King] tried not to smile bitterly as he warmed up. Even he didn’t think he had a chance.
Everyone was watching. In the moment, in Raelt’s mind, there was only him, the ghosts standing around him, and the King of Destruction. But the event was comprised of thousands of individual moments, each person taking away…something from watching.
 
—-
 
“Pisces. What do you think?”
Ceria whispered as her team sat around the table. The bar was silent as people crowded to see the tiny scrying mirror. The [Necromancer] looked up as every eye turned to him.
“…The [King] of Jecrass is a fencer. A dueling dagger and rapier. I can’t tell the enchantments, but if he’s wise, the dagger is enchanted with [Weight]. Like Yvlon’s sword was. He can divert most attacks with it. And a [Fencer] has reach and mobility. It depends on his level. However…”
“He is most likely going to die within the first five minutes of combat.”
Ksmvr calmly announced. Yvlon looked sideways at him, and then at Ceria. The half-Elf looked at the other [Warrior].
“Yvlon?”
“…I agree. There’s no way this [King] can win. Even if the King of Destruction doesn’t have an active Skill like those two Drakes are saying…he’s got a massive level advantage. He’s going to be fast and strong. He’s stronger than I am by a bit. And that means if he gets one strike in…”
The others stared at Yvlon. At her bare, glorious, silver flesh that moved like skin, but was as strong as steel. Stronger, perhaps. Ceria gulped. She’d seen Yvlon swinging her 30-pound sword around fighting the Golems. She wasn’t quite as fast as she’d been with it when it was enchanted to weigh only a few pounds, but when she hit something—it broke. And Yvlon had literally punched through one of the Stone Golems and torn it apart with her bare hands.
The King of Destruction was stronger than that. The Horns looked at each other.
“A [Duelist] or [Fencer]. Depending on his level. He certainly looks…competent. But that is the King of Destruction. And I do not see a bell.”
Pisces spoke softly. Ceria looked at him. She remembered. Pisces had once carried a silver bell, a mark of pride.
“If you had a rapier and time to prepare, Pisces. Against the King of Destruction? With [Invisibility] and your Ring of Shatterbolt and…?”
He looked at her. And the [Necromancer], her arrogant, sniffing friend, smiled faintly.
“Why, Ceria. If all four of us were to fight Flos Reimarch? My advice would be to run away. This isn’t just about levels, or Skills. Or magical items or chance.”
He looked at the two [Kings].
“He is…going to die.”
 
—-
 
It was a sentiment shared widely. By other watchers, in other parts of the world.
In Rhir, the fifth-greatest [Lord] in the world…according to some lists…stood in his private quarters. He was not alone. A younger man dressed in [Knight]’s armor stood with him.
“King Raelt of Jecrass’ only means of survival is to forfeit the duel. If he survives long enough. Five minutes would be…appropriate without him losing face.”
“He seemed serious, Lord Operland.”
