7.13 K
Page 35
Now, the [King] of Jecrass fought for his life. And he showed everyone, his subjects, the River Wardens, the world and Jecaina that he had earned that bell.
His feet flashed as he turned, maneuvering. Each time Raelt stepped he was a blur, never stopping, moving, repositioning, refusing to slow. If he did he’d be caught. His rapier darted, seldom thrusting, slashing, using the tip to reach and cut his opponent. His dagger stayed close to his chest, ready to deflect deadly thrusts.
The King of Destruction was laughing. His blades cut the air, slower, but only just. He didn’t have Raelt’s speed, or reach, but his strength—
He threw a javelin, dropping his sword, and pulled out a broadsword. He threw that too, and the spinning blades shot through the air. They could sunder steel and flesh with the sheer force of the throw. Raelt dodged left and Flos leapt into the opening he’d created, already armed with another blade.
The flying weapons were blocked by Mars and Ulyse’s spell. The air shimmered as Flos’ vassals shielded the audience. Raelt dodged backwards, but he couldn’t run forever. This time, as he stepped back, Flos Reimarch pointed.
“Come, King of Jecrass!”
The javelin he’d thrown arced back towards his hand. The [Duelist] whirled and leaned. The tip of the Returning Javelin opened the top of his shoulder. Flos threw the magic javelin again, and then rushed forwards.
A single thrust, like silver. The rapier tore open the King of Destruction’s chest on the right side, going through the enchanted armor. A powerful thrust—but it had missed again. Flos had tried to capture it with his swordbreaker. And in his hand he held another sword—
He cut, the sword going high, the swordbreaker going low, aiming at the other [King]’s side. And Raelt deflected the blade aimed at his face with his dagger.
The swordbreaker caught him on the ribs as he twisted away. It didn’t matter that he’d been hit with the flat of the blade. Flos just grazed him and Raelt’s ribs broke.
Jecaina made a sound as her father tried to retreat. But the King of Destruction just switched weapons and threw another blade. There was nowhere for Raelt to run.
“Surrender, King of Jecrass. This is your final chance.”
Flos called out. He had taken several deep cuts from Raelt’s rapier. But he’d protected his eyes and vital spots. Now, he drank from a potion and his wounds healed.
Raelt’s ribs were broken again. He had to drink another of his potions down. He looked up. Flos looked at him.
“I will not offer it again. I cannot.”
He had the [Duelist]’s measure. The King of Destruction changed his weapons again. The shield, and the magic javelin. He looked at Raelt. The [Duelist] coughed.
“I gave you my answer once.”
“Indeed.”
The two paused. And then they fought. Raelt dove as the javelin flew. He reached for the scroll.
“[Wall of Stone]!”
A vast wall of rock rose from the ground. Flos narrowed his eyes as the [Duelist]-[King] disappeared. He turned, warily walking around the wall. Shield raised—
Raelt leapt onto the top of the eight-foot wall. Flos Reimarch looked up, and the [Duelist] bellowed.
“King of Destruction!”
He lunged. A [Fencer’s Lunge], carrying him down. He landed, scoring a slash down Flos’ arm. The King of Destruction cursed, pivoting—
His back was against the wall. The [Wall of Stone] boxed Flos in as Raelt turned. All of his Skills. He had to use all the ones he had.
“[Flurry Blades].”
His rapier blurred, slashing faster than the eye could follow, aiming for Flos’ face, his chest—
