7.13 K
Page 20
Raelt Leysars spoke coldly. Almost numbly, but for the fear and trepidation in his breast. He did not want this duty. But he was a [King]. And the crown he wore meant he took on all of his duties, and he was his own judge, and could never run from his responsibilities, or what was right or necessary. That was what Lyfelt did not understand.
Because he was not a [King].
“You don’t understand what the bell means, Jecaina. You got it for defeating a [Fencer]. But the bell means more than that. It is not supposed to ring.”
The [King] looked at his daughter. She stared back at him. Raelt was garbed for war. He had taken his armor—not the royal armor because that was mail and Raelt thought it was too heavy and inflexible—but his armor, and his sword.
A rapier. Unlike the foil that Jecaina liked to use for her duels. Raelt had lived in Terandria. He loved exercises with his sword, but that was not really [King]-ly. His rapier was enchanted, and on his left side, he also carried a parrying dagger.
A cup rapier with enchantments on the blade. Just cutting enchantments to add to the serrative qualities of the rapier; it was a thrusting weapon after all, meant for light cuts and thrusts. A dueling weapon, which was sometimes derided as a weapon for small engagements, not the actual battlefield.
Well, it was better than an épée. And Raelt’s rapier was enchanted with cutting magic so a slash from it was far more dangerous than a regular rapier. Feather light, perfectly balanced, with a cup guard on the handle. No idiotic and often impractical swept hilts, which often traded defensive properties for aesthetics. Actually, Raelt’s hilt was a pappenheim-hilt, which was actually two shell guards, but that was only if you got technical.
And he carried a parrying dagger enchanted with a 5-pound [Weight] spell. Raelt fought like a traditional [Fencer], not with one rapier. Or two, like a flashy idiot. The dagger was used for knocking a blade aside, keeping an opponent wary of both hands.
Raelt liked fencing. He had taught his daughter how to fence, which is where she had gotten the same love. But he didn’t force his hobby on anyone outside of his family. He even dared say he was good at it. A parrying dagger was short and it was a stupid, stupid thing to use in a fight unless you were good at it. An enchanted sword was useless in the hands of an amateur.
But King Raelt carried no bell. He never wore his. He looked at Jecaina now. And the father, riding to war, had a proper fatherly squabble with his daughter. Because…what else was he supposed to do?
“It’s ridiculous. Silver bells aren’t a mark of pride, Jecaina. They’re a test. I never told you because I thought you’d figure it out.”
“Figure what out. Is there something inside?”
Jecaina looked at her father, bewildered. Raelt sighed.
“No. The test is that they don’t ring if they’re worn by an expert. A proper [Fencer] wearing the bell makes no sound. If the bell rings—it’s unnecessary movement. At most, it rings once or twice in a duel. Experts count how many times it rings in a bout. It’s meant to showcase your abilities by never being seen, Jecaina. Unless you look for it. That’s a [Fencer]’s pride.”
For a while his daughter just stared at Raelt, open-mouthed. And then she turned bright crimson.  She hung her head, and Raelt regretted his outburst. But he rode on.
Lyfelt, old friend. His heart ached for the foolish, arrogant [Prime Minister]. But despite it all…Lyfelt had not been a bad man. But Raelt was not coming for him. He was riding to do what was right. Nothing more, nothing less.
 
—-
 
