7.13 K
Page 36
The King of Reim snarled as his shield rose. He blocked his face—his chest and armor tore as the piercing rapier cut at his chest, his arms, legs. Deep cuts! His blood ran onto the ground, but his sword arm shielded himself. And the Skill—
[Evasive Leap]. Raelt dodged backwards, just in time. The sword which cleaved the air would have torn the rapier from his hand. He settled his posture as the King of Destruction lowered his shield.
He couldn’t reach for a potion or he’d heal. If he switched weapons—Raelt had to end this.
“[Wind Cutter].”
A flick of the rapier. The air rippled. Flos saw a blade of air flying at his face. Reflexively, he raised his shield.
Now. Raelt lunged. For Flos’ heart. He saw the world blur as he leapt. And the King of Destruction threw himself sideways.
The blade hit him in the side. It went through Flos’ side, tore as the [King] fell sideways. Cut through flesh, organs. But missed the heart. Raelt turned, cursing.
“[Double Slash—]”
His blade cut Flos as he rolled. This time, deep, deep along the back, severing some muscle. Flos Reimarch was on the ground. He had to get up, but Raelt was there.
A flash of metal. He was throwing his sword. Raelt jerked back. But the blade curved—magic—
The impact as Raelt raised his parrying dagger and rapier broke something. Snapped a tendon—Raelt lost grip of both rapier and dagger as they twisted, tearing the skin from his hands. He stumbled backwards.
His sword. He looked for it. The King of Destruction was rising. Raelt saw it lying in the dust. Now, now, now! He ran for it.
Nine feet separated the two. Flos’ teeth were bared, he was still off-guard.
Now. Raelt snatched up his sword as he lunged, rolled. He aimed the sword like an arrow. And used his last Skill.
“[Sword Art: Hurricane’s Spiral].”
He vanished. Flos’ eyes widened as he saw, in those infinitesimal moments between seconds, a silver blur flying at his chest. A spiral, a single leaping thrust as the blade traced a pattern in the air. The destination unknown to anyone but Raelt.
Fragments of time measured by flashes. The King of Destruction raised his shield, protecting his face. And his sword arm rose, empty.
But Raelt was aiming at his heart. The [Duelist]’s sword struck, going through armor, through flesh and bone. Raelt felt the impact, felt his sword go through the King of Destruction—
And he saw Flos stagger. The King of Destruction stared at the blade running through his chest. But off-target. He’d twisted. The blade had missed his heart, going wide. But if Raelt twitched his hand—
He tried. Raelt’s hand moved. But the rapier held still. Flos’ chest constricted around the magical blade, but it was enchanted. If it moved two inches left—
But the blade didn’t move. Raelt didn’t understand. He heaved. But the blade—didn’t—
And then he felt it. Something so absolute that his hand couldn’t budge an inch. A crushing strength. He looked down and saw.
Flos’ sword-hand held Raelt’s wrist. The King of Destruction had seized the hand after it had struck. And he would not let Raelt finish the blow or move.
Raelt let go of his rapier. He had to—he pulled back, but Flos’ arm held him. The King of Destruction dropped his shield. He was bleeding. Covered in blood. But he spoke as he reached for something.
“I caught you at last.”
Slowly, he raised his hand. And drank the healing potion. Raelt saw his injuries beginning to heal.
The King of Jecrass desperately struck at the rapier still embedded in Flos’ chest. But the King of Destruction moved. He grabbed Raelt, and threw him—
