7.13 K
Page 25
“Yes. And they are dead. The people of this city are innocent.”
Raelt dared not look away. If he did, or even blinked, he would never be able to meet Flos’ eyes again. The King of Destruction looked past him, at the parliament, tallest of the buildings in the city.
“Bring out their ruler. The [Minister], Lyfelt. He will answer for the pain of my subjects on my blade.”
King Raelt paused. And then he nodded, slowly. He gestured at Geril.
“You will have him.”
Teres exhaled slowly, behind Flos of Reim. She didn’t see the figures perched on the walls. Rémi Canada held the scrying mirror level, like a camera. Noass and Sir Relz leaned forwards with the world. Listening to the enhanced picture and sound.
“One life for hundreds of thousands. He did it.”
Rémi’s assistant, a Garuda, whispered. The young man from Earth looked at her. And he whispered back.
“Stop whispering during the filming. And this isn’t over.”
He was right. Flos Reimarch raised a hand as he stared at the city behind Raelt. And his eyes were burning. He looked back—and his eyes found the white Gnoll standing in the army.
Sailt. The young Gnoll was watching. So were the Gnolls in Rufelt’s bar. Across the world. And the King of Destruction’s burning gaze ignited as he met the white Gnoll’s gaze. He turned back.
“Another thing, Raelt. Bring out the members of Belchan’s parliament. The [Politicians]. And the officers. Their Watch Captains. Their leaders.”
Raelt froze. He looked at Flos.
“…What will you do with them?”
“Execute them.”
The King of Destruction’s voice was normal. He gestured at the city.
“Spare the citizens. But bring me every politician, every coward who hides behind paper. Every single one who allowed my people to die because it was convenient. Because they thought they could get away with it. Because it didn’t matter. Belchan’s leadership. [Mages] too, if they did nothing. The leaders of every city who ignored the Saltstone Tribe as they marched past. Bring them to me, or allow my [Soldiers] to find them. They will take no others. Not their family or children. But they will be brought here.  And I will see their deaths.”
He looked at Raelt. And the [King] saw the King of Destruction’s expression flicker not one whit. Behind him, his vassals nodded. Teres’ stomach clenched. But she saw Sailt smile. And the Gnolls murmured, here and elsewhere.
Justice.
That is what they heard and saw. But Raelt did not. He looked at Flos Reimarch. And his voice shook as he replied.
“Many of those people have no idea of what Lyfelt ordered, King Reimarch. They would be completely ignorant.”
“Some knew. That is enough. I will not take the thousand lives I vowed. But I will see every single one of this rotting nation’s leadership answer for the crimes done to my people. No less.”
The King of Destruction’s eyes flashed. He spoke with such conviction, such fury.
An honest fury. Raelt felt the same thing beating in his breast. He was almost ashamed to meet the young white Gnoll’s gaze. Ashamed to stand here, arguing, when he had seen what had happened.
But he would have been far more ashamed to have done nothing. He would have not been worthy of the crown he wore, if he had not come. And, it was a partial justice. A flawed one. But the King of Jecrass shook his head.
“No.”
“No?”
Orthenon and Mars started. They looked at Raelt. And the [King] looked up. Raelt Leysars looked at the King of Destruction. And he felt the difference between them.
