7.13 K
Page 5
Laughter, a female head laughing derisively. Not the head that sat on the beautiful Stitch-Woman’s body. Another of her minds. And more whispers. The Empress of Sands looked up. And her heads, her other selves that practiced war were in agreement.
“The King of Destruction has his reason for war. And Belchan’s army is a line of sand before a wave.”
“It cannot stop him.”
“It will not stop him.”
“I erred.”
The young man spoke down to the Empress. He spoke to himself, angrily.
“No, you erred. You were warned. The King of Destruction has his reason for war. And now he will conquer another nation. This head is flawed. Put me on.”
The other heads voiced their agreement.
“My perspective is wrong.”
“Put me on. I understand war.”
“No, put me on.”
“Put me on.”
Voices, whispering, demanding. Like the voices everyone had in their head, but louder. Real things. Each head wanting to take control, to lead. The female head of the [Empress], who had been Emira Saet-rei of Doran, before she became another part of the Emperor of Sands…paused.
“I have made errors. I did not believe the King of Destruction’s subjects would have been attacked. I did not consider that the Prime Minister of Belchan was such a fool. And I do not understand war with such clarity, it is true.”
She nodded to the two armies. The King of Destruction was striding back and forth, bellowing at the other side. He was demanding their surrender. Or else—
Annihilation. Belchan’s forces shuddered, but their [General] raised his sword. And their Grand Mage shot a [Siege Fireball] across the pass. It exploded as Parasol Stroll twirled their umbrellas, but the act heartened Belchan’s [Soldiers]. They roared defiance at the King of Destruction.
But Reim’s army was eerily quiet. The King of Destruction nodded. The Empress watched, until her younger, impetuous male self, interrupted.
“Put me on.”
“No.”
She looked up at herself, and the head, who still remembered being Emira Saet-rei, beautiful, intelligent, brave—and horribly obsessed with bad puns—ignored the young man’s head.
“I know that I am the perspective needed. I have made mistakes. And clearly—I underestimated the folly of Humans. Of men. But do not get a head of yourself.”
Silence. Then half of the heads groaned. Puns indeed. The Empress of Sands smiled. Then her smile vanished. She watched, in silence. The battle was beginning.
 
—-
 
The air was hot. Both armies stared at each other. The King of Destruction’s was advancing.
Slowly. Grand Mage Esiela shifted. Her robes kept her cool, kept the elements at bay and were warded against common weapons and spells. Nevertheless—she was sweating.
She tried not to show it. And, as she stood behind the tens of thousands of [Soldiers], she kept her back straight. She knew they were looking at her. After all, she was the Grand Mage of Belchan, head of Belchan’s Mage Schools.
The highest-level individual on her side of the battlefield. And she was a [Mage]. She could cast spells at range and to greater effect than any [Warrior]. That was the boast of all [Mages]. More firepower than a common [Archer] with only a handful of arrows, with more versatility than any idiot with an axe. Esiela was capable of becoming invisible, levitating, and she could cast [Siege Fireball] by herself. She didn’t need to link to use the spell.
Students at her back. Esiela looked over her shoulder and saw some of Belchan’s older students. They stared at their headmistress in trepidation. But also—with trust. The Grand Mage made herself smile confidently.
