7.13 K
Page 7
“[Call of the Champion]. If no one comes out to face her, Mars will demoralize the entire army. And any [Champion], [First Warrior], [Royal Protector], or so on will lose their class. But better that than losing one of our best—I kept our champion classes off the field for that reason.”
“Because they’d die?”
No response. Mars laughed derisively.
“So be it! My lord! Give us your command!”
She turned her head. And Esiela saw the red and gold-haired head turn. She felt the air grow hotter.
“Here it comes! Brace—don’t falter, brave sons and daughters of Belchan!”
Fultoolm roared. [Courageous Speech]. It made Esiela stop sweating as much. Mars’ contempt had been pressing down on her. She turned her head to Fultoolm.
And the King of Destruction pointed across the dry ground. He had been still. Coiled. No—more like waiting. Burning with the same fury that hadn’t died after days of battle. Now, he roared one word.
“Charge!”
Esiela’s head snapped forward. She saw the first ranks of infantry begin running. They were still out of bow range! Weren’t they going to tire themselves out?
But then she saw how fast they were moving. The people on foot covered the ground unnaturally quickly.
[Rapid March]. And striding ahead of them were—half-Giants. Esiela looked up. Thirty-foot high men and women, carrying axes. She aimed her staff.
“The King of Destruction! Grand Mage! Focus on him!”
Fultoolm roared. He was shouting orders. Esiela jerked her staff down. She aimed.
There he was. Charging with the Rustängmarder. They gleamed of death magic. Necromancy. But he was there. Coming at her. Looking…
“Unleash. Unleash!”
Esiela shouted. The spells stored in her staff triggered at once. Orbs of dark brown acid flew forwards, followed by a glowing, massive fireball. And lightning.
None of them reached the King of Destruction. One of the half-Giants in front saw the spells, swung down his axe and shield to block them—but the spells detonated before they even reached him.
The Grand Mage’s eyes bulged. She turned. A flow of mana had reached out, snapped the bindings on each of her spells, triggering each before they reached their target. She looked around, tracing the magic back—
And saw them. A group of about four dozen [Mages]. Each holding a brightly colored parasol. Young and old, dressed in magical robes, like her. They strolled forwards, twirling the objects that were their magical foci.
Parasol Stroll. Esiela had discounted them; they were [Mercenaries] as much as [Mages]. And she was higher-level than any of them. But—Esiela pointed her staff again at Flos.
“[Shatterbolts]!”
A powerful Tier 4 spell, multiplied in a hail of ghostly darts. They flashed at the King of Destruction—
And again, vanished. This time Esiela saw the [Mages] of Parasol Stroll pointing. They were cancelling her spells! All-together, each one taking a different dart.
She stared at them. Then aimed her staff their way.
“[Arc Lightning]!”
A bolt of lightning shot up, arcing downwards in a long curve—slower than regular lighting, and subdividing, becoming dozen of lightning bolts! That would—
 
—-
 
“Incoming. Brace.”
Ulyse of Parasol Stroll saw the lightning bolts falling. He raised his parasol, twirled it. Every [Mage] in their loose formation did the same, halting.
The colorful umbrellas twirled. The lightning bolts hit a barrier in the air of twisting colors. A mass-shield. Ulyse heard the thunderous detonations, but not a shock made it to his group. He smiled.
“Tier 5 spell. That must be their Grand Mage.”
