7.13 K
Page 4
And very stylish. In Tails and Scales, Grimalkin snorted as he took a long draft from his cup of goat’s milk. Rufelt and Lasica and the other patrons of the bar were watching Chaldion live, on…tv. Television.
It was a surreal experience. Rufelt couldn’t help but glance over at the [Sinew Magus].
“Something wrong, Grimalkin?”
“Nothing. Chaldion’s certainly enjoying himself.”
Indeed, the Grand Strategist was reclining in his comfy chair as he took a long smoke from his burning cigar. The end was glowing brightly as he exhaled.
“It’s still a fool’s move. This is the King of Destruction. And he has two of his highest-level vassals on the field.”
“But what would you do, Grand Strategist? If this is objectively the best place to be in…”
Chaldion looked up.
“If I were in that position? I’d retreat to the capital.”
“Despite it being an inferior position to defend?”
“Yes. And I’d pull back every soldier holding against Jecrass and Medain. Even if it meant losing all of my eastern and northern flanks. This [General] whomever is gambling on the fact that he can stop the King of Destruction with his two-to-one advantage. And this Grand Mage whatshername, and ‘artillery support’ from the academy.”
He laughed derisively. Across the world, other monarchs and leaders watched. Prime Minister Lyfelt, sitting in a small cabinet meeting, shot to his feet.
“Send a [Message] to General Fultoolm—no! To this Drake! This—this is slander. General Fultoolm assured me this was the spot—”
Chaldion went on. And he seemed to be looking straight at each viewer as he spoke.
“They’re going to be slaughtered. This isn’t a battle. Watch. They’re about to begin.”
 
—-
 
The pass was narrow, the ground a mix between rock and soil. Both armies were lining up.
The army of Belchan on one side, rows of infantry forming walls of steel. At the back, hundreds of [Mages], some students of the academy, others graduates, shielded along with the [Archers] behind tens of thousands of [Soldiers].
Hundreds of [Mages]. Still a vast number for any one army. It was one of the features of Belchan as a nation. And General Fultoolm was no fool. He’d formed his infantry into formations, not one giant line as one might imagine. They were prepared to hold the center while the flanks pushed forwards and engulfed a smaller force.
And indeed, their army was twice as large as the one entering the pass. The King of Destruction’s army looked small indeed. A mass of foot and horse, with only one small group of [Mages]—Parasol Stroll. Yet, their side had half-Giants. The laughing Serpent Hunters, armed with poison blades on one flank.
Two vassals and the King of Destruction himself. He was on foot, surrounded by the Rustängmarder. The hundred-some elites and the [King] stood at the center of the army, near the front.
“I would have thought that this [General] would have lined up his soldiers in a more…orderly fashion. He has gaps in his formation.”
The Empress of Sands mused. There was a snort of derision from herself. A head sitting above and staring down at the scrying orb, the young [Emperor], snapped back down at her.
“If he lined his soldiers up in a straight line they’d be wiped out. He has his pikes braced to prevent the [Steward] charging; the pockets are meant to draw his opponent in.”
“Too much room to maneuver.”
Another of the Empress’ heads spoke. The grizzled [General] stared down at the pass.
“It wouldn’t matter against a lower-leveled army, or two larger forces. But the [Steward] is too quick. The pass is too wide. The pikes will not stop him.”
“Nor the half-Giants.”
“Nor the [King].”
