7.13 K
Page 43
But then he heard a sound that jerked him into wakefulness. A single voice, from hundreds of thousands of throats. And again, Raelt emerged from his quiet world of ghosts and saw something strange.
His army, cheering him. Belchan’s citizens and their forces, standing on the walls, screaming his name. His River Wardens, his subjects, who had only known their [King] from afar. Shouting his name.
“Raelt of Jecrass! King of Jecrass!”
Jecaina, his daughter, was staring at her father with a strange look in her eye. The same look she got when she talked about the King of Destruction, or Terandria, or the Queen of Pop. That of a girl dreaming of a story.
But so he was. The King of Jecrass. The fearless [Duelist]. A man who had stopped the King of Destruction. Wounded him in a duel! Forced him to retreat.
“The King of Jecrass has thrown back Reim! We are seeing Reim’s army in retreat! He—he’s—he did it!”
Noass and Sir Relz were hugging each other, shouting into the scrying orb. Noass turned, staring about.
“He’s no ordinary king! How can he—someone name him! What is he?”
There was silence. You couldn’t just call him ‘King Raelt’, or ‘King Leysars’. Or even the King of Jecrass. He was something more than that. And into the silence, someone spoke.
“The King of Duels. The Duelist King.”
Rémi Canada watched as the King of Jecrass raised one hand and flinched at the roar of sound it created. Noass looked around.
“Who said that? Write that down! The King of Duels has held back the King of Destruction!”
The young man from Earth nodded. If he were still interning at a news organization, that would be the headline. Not anything else. Forget the honor of the duel, the way Flos Reimarch had crushed every army before this with a fraction of the forces, or how close the battle had been.
The headline was the same. Victory.
 
—-
 
Defeat. Teres stared at Flos Reimarch. She was bleeding. She’d been stabbed. The magical armor had protected her from everything but the enchanted spear that had hit her. The old man had nearly killed her, but…
She was alive.
But Reim had been defeated. The army was retreating. Flos Reimarch himself had called for it.
It was beyond silence. Just—shock. The other vassals were staring backwards. Mars, Orthenon—the [Steward] had a few cuts, but he could still fight. And yet—they were leaving.
Teres didn’t know what to do or say. She was afraid. But—Flos Reimarch wasn’t raging. He sat with his shoulders relaxed, sighing, as the blood from his duel dried on his clothes and armor.
“It seems we’ve been defeated.”
He spoke at last. Mars twitched. Orthenon looked at Flos. Commander Ytol just nodded, lashed to his saddle. The King of Destruction looked around, and then found Teres.
“How…refreshing.”
Teres stared at him. The King of Destruction looked at her. And then he laughed. He threw his head back and laughed again. His vassals looked at him.
Flos Reimarch wiped tears from his eyes.
“Ah, how frustrating. An interrupted duel, Belchan’s forces—truly, frustrating. We could have kept fighting, but Raelt of Jecrass has inspired his subjects. And now look at us. Riding back, leaving our dead behind. Doesn’t it enrage you, Teres?”
He nodded to the column of [Soldiers]. Teres nodded. Flos looked at her.
“Are you…angry, your Majesty?”
“I am still furious. The Prime Minister lives. And my army was repelled by Jecrass. The duel’s honor was broken. Yes, Teres. I am angry. But also—did you see him, Mars? Orthenon? What did you think?”
Flos turned his head. Orthenon bowed slightly.
“I missed him by a hair, sire. The blame lies with me.”
