7.13 K
Page 31
Hayvon Operland, the foremost [Lord] of Rhir and the Blighted King’s court, nodded.
“In that case, he will die. It is not just a manner of Skill—”
He gestured dismissively to the scrying orb and the Drake commentators, who were muted. Hayvon looked at Richard, one of the otherworlders who were residing in his estates.
“The King of Destruction is no foreigner to duels. He has fought [Kings] and [Champions] in single combat and in battle for more years than Raelt of Jecrass has been alive. When he was a boy, he slew the King of Hellios in a duel. And he rampaged for decades after that. I cannot fathom a world in which he loses.”
Richard nodded quietly. Even from afar…the King of Destruction looked like a monster. He grinned as he shouldered the broadsword and shield he was using first. A pure, relaxed expression of someone who had fought these battles to the death before. By contrast, King Raelt looked…grim.
“What a waste.”
That was all Hayvon said. The [Lord] looked at the battle between the [Kings].
“Either way, one dies. There is a chance King Raelt survives, if he succumbs to cowardice. Flees. But he is not likely to last the first minute. And either way, two [Kings] risk their lives while the Demons grow in strength. Look at these petty conflicts.”
He looked at Richard, with the same fervent gaze Richard had come to respect. A man devoted to stemming the Blight and his kingdom’s enemies. And they were terrible enemies, capable of horrors.
Richard nodded. But the two turned back to watch, nevertheless.
 
—-
 
It was time. There was no one counting down the time both sides had to prepare. But Raelt was ready. And so was Flos. The two [Kings] looked at each other. And Raelt felt cold, despite his exercises. He stood up, and heard nothing. Saw nothing, but the other [King]—
“Father.”
A voice intruded on his thoughts. Raelt looked around. And he saw his daughter.
Jecaina. His beloved, child. Raelt didn’t know what to say. She was just looking at him.
“Don’t. Father, you can’t—”
She looked at him. And then past him, at the legend she idolized. And Raelt of Jecrass searched for the proper words. His father had never spoken them to him. He had died, when Raelt had been far from home. Suddenly. Raelt always wished he could have heard them. But now, he realized he didn’t know what to say. So he did his best.
“Geril. General Lael. My River Wardens. Bear witness.”
His company started. They looked at their [King] as Raelt stood with his daughter. And the [King] turned to look at his army. Many had probably only seen his face once or twice. He spoke to them, but mostly to her.
“People of Jecrass, bear witness. This is my daughter, Jecaina Leysars of Jecrass. Heir to the throne. Your [Princess]. If I fall, she will carry on my name.”
“Father—”
They watched, the people of Jecrass. Through scrying orbs as the [King] removed his circlet of gold.
“Jecaina, it is a foolish thing to fight a pointless battle. As a monarch, you must safeguard your kingdom first. Your ambitions, your petty desires and ego—that is not what matters. You serve your nation, and it is the nation which matters. Flee, retreat, kneel if you must. My father knelt to the King of Destruction and he was a good ruler. And I am a [Duelist]. I enjoy my small hobbies, my little world. I do not challenge Giants.”
The [King] turned his head and looked at Zamea. Flos was waiting, backed by his arms of legends. Raelt looked back at Jecaina.
