7.13 K
Page 44
“He’s quick. A strong [King]. And he held you to a duel for a while.”
Mars’ eyes glinted. Flos smiled.
“Yes. He did. I misjudged him. I thought I knew Raelt of Jecrass. But the boy turned into a different man. And now he has Belchan and Jecrass. How troublesome. And at the same time—how glorious.”
His words stirred those following him. The King of Destruction sat up taller in his saddle. He looked around.
“My blood is boiling. Not since before my slumber have I felt this! Not just rage, but admiration. I am almost glad the duel was interrupted. Because I should like to have such a man as my vassal. As an ally! But as he is—he is a worthy foe.”
The others looked at him. Teres just stared. Was he mad? A worthy foe? She couldn’t comprehend that.
But then—she heard a laugh like thunder. Zamea was laughing. So was Mars. Even Orthenon smiled. Flos threw his head back and laughed.
Part of Teres wanted to laugh too, and she didn’t know why. But Reim’s [Soldiers] looked at their laughing, delighted [King]. And they laughed too.
Madness. Madmen and madwomen, laughing. Just for a single moment. And then—Flos quieted. He turned in his saddle.
“It seems we must wait for the bulk of my armies indeed. We cannot waste time, however. Mars, you, I, and the bulk of our armies must secure the position we have taken. We will need to establish secure zones, ensure the cities do not revolt. And we are now battling at least Belchan and Jecrass! Perhaps more nations! We ride! Move out!”
He picked up the pace. Teres stared at him. They were still moving? But the King of Destruction was already snapping orders.
“Orthenon, take your [Riders]. You will assault the Mage School of Belchan with Parasol Stroll. Deny it—otherwise we will be under constant assault. If Raelt has already reinforced it—”
 
—-
 
That night, Belchan was ablaze. With light, sound, motion. War had engulfed it. But now—Jecrass was at war with Reim as well. And King Raelt of Jecrass officially took control of both nations.
The Mage School was burning. Raelt was giving rapid orders, listening to [Messages] coming in.
Jecrass and Belchan versus the might of Reim. What a ridiculous notion. But the world had seen it. It was still echoing with his title. King of Duels.
And the first [Messages] were coming in. Dignified [Messages], from other nations being broadcast the world over, read by Noass and Sir Relz on live television. Supporting the defense of Jecrass, the Duelist King.
Not declaring war, though. Not Medain, or Nerrhavia, or the Claiven Earth. But at the same time as these grand shows of support were taking place—[Messages] were sent covertly. Even a [Courier], racing from Medain.
“I have sent a small gift, to you, King of Jecrass. And—you may find groups of [Mercenaries]. Yes, [Mercenaries] heading north.”
Queen Yisame was speaking directly to Raelt. He stared at her. Mercenaries from Nerrhavia?
“How many?”
“One cannot say. But perhaps…oh, I may estimate at least forty thousand. Perhaps more, if more are attracted by the allure of war. Naturally, they require payment.”
Hence, the gift. Which was, if the Merchant’s Guildmaster was right, about three hundred thousand gold pieces. Raelt stared. Then he slowly nodded.
Gifts from Nerrhavia. He’d just received money from the Empress of Sands, too. Support. Like King Perric of Medain hinting that some of his adventurers might be willing to enlist in Jecrass’ armies as outsiders.
Support. Indirect aid. Jecrass stood alone at war with the King of Reim. But supported covertly.
