7.13 K
Page 29
The man started. The other River Wardens and officers stared at Raelt. The [King] was so casual, matter-of-fact. Dulfe hesitated, looking around, and then bowed his head.
“Yes, your Majesty. But—the wand?”
“No. No poison, no wand. This is a duel.”
“But sire—”
“No. What sort of [Kings] would we be if we used them? Look at my opponent.”
Raelt pointed. And those around him looked. They stared across the ground.
And there—there was light. And sound. [Light] spells lit up the dueling ground. And standing amid his subjects, laughing, arming himself for battle like Raelt, was the King of Destruction.
Raelt felt a mild chill as he looked at the other man. As if he was so cold, he couldn’t even feel it. The subjects of the Realm of Jecrass shuddered. Another River Warden spoke up.
“No one would begrudge you bringing poison, sire. Or—any weapon. I beg you—”
“I would, Warden Winta.”
Enough leg exercises. Raelt began stretching out his fingers, arms. Neck too. He could hear the King of Destruction laughing. And there—there was the [Reporter].
Rémi Canada. He had appeared in Levrhine, probably to witness the battle. If he hadn’t expected it—well, he held the eyes of the world. He was broadcasting both sides. And the difference was night and day.
Flos Reimarch stood with Orthenon and Mars and his other vassals. He was laughing, as they checked his armor and plied him with objects. Almost like they were relaxing and offering him little snacks and treats. They were excited. No fear in their eyes.
“Milord, no plate armor?”
“None. I’ll take the helmet, but plate will be too heavy. And Raelt looks like a quick fellow. Let’s see. I have a broadsword. Spear—”
“Here, your Majesty.”
Orthenon and half a dozen [Warriors] instantly offered their artifacts. Flos ignored them all. He waved away the spear shrouded with dark fog Mars produced.
“None of your grand artifacts, Mars! Give me straightforward weapons! Axes, spears, swords—we fight with skill and daring, not with gold.”
“Apologies, your Majesty. Your opponent doesn’t seem to be taking any poisons or artifacts either. A brave man.”
Mars grinned, her white hair waving in the slight breeze. Her armor shone, and Orthenon lowered his magic spear.
“No need for antidotes then! A brave fellow indeed, and straightforward! I knew I liked him. A [King] after my heart.”
Zamea laughed as Flos tossed a pair of bottles over his shoulder and Jelaim nimbly caught them. The First Shepherd’s voice was audible across the battlefield.
“Brave or foolhardy, King of Destruction?”
“He stands with conviction, Zamea. Let not one person scorn him.”
The King of Destruction smiled. He was placing the different swords and weapons into his bag of holding. Enough blades for a small company, in case he broke one. He had a few potions, but like Raelt, he was going to fight mostly with blade.
“Alright, Orthenon, give me a few scrolls. Yes, yes. I have healing potions—stamina potions? Do you think we’ll be dueling that long?”
More laughter. Orthenon bowed. He was serious as ever.
“One should never be unwary, your Majesty.”
Flos Reimarch’s eyes sharpened.
“No indeed. Very well. Two. Now, step back everyone. I need to warm up.”
He took a sword and cut the air with it. His swings were fast, compact—a seasoned veteran’s motions. Raelt watched from afar.
 
—-
 
“What do you think about this battle, Sir Relz? The King of Destruction isn’t as famous with the blade as his warriors. He’s not the Illusionist. Nor his [Steward]—the rumors say he doesn’t have or use personal Skills in battle.”
