7.13 K
Page 28
Then he walked back. And King Raelt knew he was going to duel the King of Destruction. So he stared at the twilight skies. And he wondered what his last words to his daughter should be. He wished…he’d had more time.
But he couldn’t have ever done anything different, really. That gave him some comfort. King Raelt reached for his belt pouch. And a bell rang once.
 
—-
 
The sun was setting. Or rather, it had set a while ago, and the last vestiges were disappearing behind the horizon. It wasn’t going to be a duel at sunset with the fading rays of light on each combatant’s back like something out of the stories; they’d probably end up fighting in the darkness anyways.
There was nothing special about the sun’s position, anyways. It was always rising or setting. And if it wasn’t out, you could call a duel under moonlight—with the stars aflame, or not one in the sky—poetic.
You could find meaning in any moment. And the [Poets] and [Bards] would. But they had never fought. And all Raelt found in his heart was a cold certainty.
He was going to try and kill another man. With a sword. Cut him to bits, hack at his flesh until his opponent stopped moving. He’d try to do it more elegantly than that, but there was no grand ambition in his heart.
He just wanted to live. And the [King] was certain…that he would not.
Raelt of Jecrass stood in a ring of his people, in silence, like that of a wake. He was stretching. And yes, a [King] should not ‘limber up’. But he was a poor [King] compared to the giant standing on the other side of the field.
Reim’s army had withdrawn, and the two forces were now standing at a greater remove. Well…a few hundred paces. They’d formed a vast circle, outside the gates of Levrhine. It was here, amid rocky earth and soil that they’d fight.
Nothing special. Raelt couldn’t help but analyze the terrain for any advantage.
“Pure ground. Could use a [Stone Wall] scroll. Geril—”
His voice was the only sound in his ears in the immediate vicinity. Raelt saw his old retainer and friend start.
“Here, your Majesty—”
He had a selection of all of Jecrass’ treasures. Scrolls used for battle, rings—every single artifact in the possession of the River Wardens, or General Lael’s officers. Raelt eyed the other scrolls proffered. Some were marked with symbols, for easy use.
Like the Scroll of [Fireball]. He didn’t take that one. Raelt took the [Stone Wall] scroll.
“My thanks.”
“Your Majesty, the other scrolls—”
“No.”
More silence. Raelt was doing practice lunges, and then sideways ones. Well, he knew he looked ridiculous as he leaned from leg to leg, transferring his weight, letting his muscles slowly warm up. But he had to be ready.
“Your Majesty—I have a poison. And—a wand of [Lightning Bolts]. If you have nothing of the like in your armory, I pray you will accept it—”
A voice. River Warden Dulfe looked at Raelt. And the [King] looked at the man’s face. Even now, Dulfe wore the illusion spells that added to his looks. But his face was pale. And he was looking at his [King] with somber…
Respect? If not that, then gravitas. Not like the same man who argued with Raelt. Funny. Raelt yearned to tell the man he would be more respected without such obvious illusions. So he did.
“Warden Dulfe, you are better served without illusions. You are not an ugly man. Nor a handsome one. But a man’s vanity has never changed who he is. I have often thought you would be better loved without such magics.”
