7.13 K
Page 39
The River Warden struck at the King of Destruction as he galloped forwards. His [Soldiers] raced at Raelt. Flos blocked the blow. Dulfe reeled backwards. And he looked at Raelt.
“Your Majesty—”
Something flashed. The man’s head toppled from his shoulders. Orthenon appeared, shaking with fury. Raelt saw Flos turning, saw Orthenon pivoting.
Hands grabbed him. Dulfe’s [Riders] dragged Raelt off the ground, never stopping their breakneck gallop. The [King] felt his broken bones screaming but they were grabbing potions.
And both armies erupted into chaos. The army of Reim howled and charged, and Jecrass’ forces rode forwards.
Defending their [King].
“Cowards! Craven oathbreakers!”
Zamea roared as her axe swung. Jecrass’ riders split around her. And it was true. The duel had been violated, the rules broken. Raelt had been saved by one of his subjects.
But Jecrass’ army burned. They rallied around their [King]. Who had dueled the King of Destruction. Craven? Cowardly? River Warden Dulfe had not thought so.
Nor anyone else in Jecrass.
“What…what?”
Raelt stared as horses thundered around him. Flos Reimarch was bellowing orders as his vassals closed around him, cutting down Jecrass’ [Soldiers] left and right. He saw his daughter, Geril, General Lael bellowing orders.
“Your Majesty! We must get you to safety! We can only hold the King of Destruction off for minutes!”
The [Riders] were pouring potions on Raelt, babbling at him. They were forming a shield as the half-Giants strode towards them, axes swinging, huge faces furious. Raelt looked around.
A battle. And he was alive. He had lost the duel. But he had lived. Dulfe had died for him. Raelt stared upwards.
And he realized he was grateful. He had lost. But he wanted to live.
“Get his Majesty on horseback and out of here! Block Reim’s army—”
Geril was shouting. Raelt pulled himself up.
“No.”
He stood. His subjects stared at him. The [King] looked around. And he was a [King] once more. Not a [Duelist], a man condemned to death. He looked around and saw Reim’s forces tearing apart Jecrass’ army. Zamea’s axe shone with blood. The [Mages] of Parasol Stroll were creating a magical shield as Mars and Orthenon rampaged. And the King of Destruction was pointing at Raelt, his eyes burning with fury.
“Jecrass is at war with Reim. Split the cavalry. Let the infantry stop the Rustängmarder and foot. Don’t engage the half-Giants or Mars! Maneuver! Hit and away! Don’t get near the [Steward] or Mars! Move!”
Raelt looked around for his horse. He mounted up, swaying. He was healing, but—the world was flashing. But he had to command. They couldn’t run. They’d all die.
Levrhine would be destroyed if they retreated. So they had to…
Win? Yes! Raelt couldn’t imagine it. But his people were dying. By the hundreds, each second. They had to win. This wasn’t his life, but theirs.
“To me! Rally on me!”
The [King] bellowed. He thrust his rapier into the air. And the army of Jecrass looked up. They saw their [King] charge his horse forwards.
Straight at the King of Destruction. And the army followed. The cavalry of Jecrass thundered after Raelt.
“King of Jecrass.”
Flos was on the ground, surrounded by the Rustängmarder. Raelt plunged towards him. His rapier speared one of the Rustängmarder through the throat. Then he saw the King of Reim, waiting for him as he carved one of Jecrass’ daughters from her saddle.
How dishonorable. The King of Destruction raged at Raelt without words. And Raelt agreed. But—his rapier darted at Flos’ chest, was knocked away.
