7.13 K
Page 26
Raelt was a Level 26 [King]. Average. Neither good, nor bad. But low-level. He had not ridden to war. His nation had not suffered disaster and neither had he expanded the borders vastly. He was a good [King]. A decent [King]. If he had ruled like his father, as a good, decent [King], he would have been in his mid-thirties when he died.
That was what you expected. Raelt was not the man who had taken a country apart. He was half—less than half of Flos’ level, he knew. He had higher levels in another class besides [King], for goodness’ sake.
He was just a [King] who liked fencing. Who enjoyed throwing rotten fruits at annoying River Wardens. Who hated bells. Who disliked horses, or rather, riding them. He was fine with the stupid animals, but he wasn’t a huge horse-lover. He liked dogs. And he had wept for the Gnolls, who had been slaughtered as neither dogs nor people deserved.
But this was wrong. Raelt shook his head, standing in front of the King of Destruction and his [Steward], and Mars the Illusionist. The half-Giants looked down at him. And his army and the world watched. The [King] met Flos Reimarch’s eyes.
“No, Flos Reimarch. I will give you Lyfelt, to face justice. As he deserves. But no more. You have already drowned Belchan’s soil with the blood of its people. Enough. Or will you declare war on Jecrass, King of Destruction?”
His words provoked silence. Teres, even Orthenon, Mars, Zamea, and the others, were stunned. But the [King] refused to step back. He met Flos’ eyes and the King of Destruction stared at him.
“You are protecting murderers and cowards, Raelt.”
“No. Just silly, foolish people. Thoughtless, but not cruel. And if you slew all of them, the world would be empty.”
Raelt shook his head. He looked at Flos, and he pleaded with the other [King].
“Do what you must. But show mercy.”
“Mercy. And did my people have that when they cried out for it? Was it ever given?”
“No. But if you kill all those you demand, King of Destruction, King of Reim, you will kill guilty people. But innocents too. And if you do—you will be a monster like the very man you have come for.”
Silence. The King of Destruction breathed in and out. And Raelt looked at him and was afraid. But he had tossed his hand in, the same way he always lost games of cards with Lyfelt. But this was not a game of cards, of betting and doing the most valuable thing, like politics. It was just doing what was right.
At last, Flos Reimarch shook his head.
“No. I respect your will, King Raelt. And I would that you had joined me. But it seems you and I are different sorts of [Kings]. Different men. And I will not stop at one man. I could never face my subjects if I were anything less.”
The King of Jecrass nodded heavily.
“And I will not back down. What then?”
“War.”
The King of Destruction said it simply. Raelt bowed his head. After a moment, he raised his head. And he looked around.
The King of Jecrass looked straight into the scrying mirror that Rémi Canada held. And his words were caught and heard by all like this. From the Empress of Sands, to the Drakes in Pallass, to Rufelt’s bar, to Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia, King Perric of Medain, and more. Fetohep of Khelt. The Archmages of Wistram.
