7.13 K
Page 10
He looked at Zamea. A half-Giant, so tall she dwarfed any creature in this world he had ever seen. As strong as a mountain, with skin nearly as strong as stone.
With Skills. Who could level. Because she was half.
Half of a Giant. Half of a legend that had dueled Dragons and built ancient fortresses in days when [Heroes] and [Archmages] still existed. And though Giants had all but passed from the earth—
Their descendants remained.
The Army of Belchan not fighting for their lives stopped, for a second. Staring up at her.
First Shepard Zamea. Leader of the Nomads of the Sky. She planted her axe as Reim’s [Soldiers] rushed past her. And she calmly drank from a huge flask.
Healing potion.
“Smallfolk, we are not at all equals. Is that not so, Teresa Atwood?”
She smiled. And a girl stared up at her as she pushed forwards in the infantry. Zamea laughed. And it was a terrible laugh. She strode forwards.
“Behold! Flee, smallfolk! Surrender!”
The half-Giants were bellowing as they carved forwards. Zamea cut through the infantry, carefully wading behind the ranks of Reim’s [Soldiers] now. Wary of elites who could bring her down.
But the King of Destruction didn’t slow. He raced onwards. And now—General Fultoolm saw a beautiful woman, wearing no helmet, hacking her way towards him.
Mars the Illusionist. Her blade was living fire. Every time she swung it, it cut through metal and body. Just—fire. Her sword was twelve feet long, and the burning flame made [Soldiers] scream. You couldn’t protect yourself from that! And when she ran into someone who braved the searing flames that ate at their skin, blistered and scorched flesh black—
Her black shield and the carved, snarling face moved. Two wide jaws opened. Mars thrust the shield towards a [Captain] advancing on her with a greatsword. And the shield bit. Two jaws closed as Mars rammed the other [Captain]. General Fultoolm heard a scream. He saw blood and black liquid pouring from the mouth as it chewed.
And Mars the Illusionist shoved aside the dying [Captain]. She rammed through a press of [Soldiers] who fell back rather than fight her. More were trying to slow her—arrows bounced off the [Vanguard]’s armor, her face and hair—but that was the illusion.
And she couldn’t be stopped. General Fultoolm fumbled for his sword. He had enchanted weapons. He was a [General]! The defender of Belchan!
But…she was laughing. And her eyes were locked on his face. Mars sheathed her sword and reached for something at her side.
Bag of holding. She drew a second blade. It shone with a bright, pale light. Like moonlight. A piercing weapon—she beheaded a [Soldier] and the blade carved halfway through a second [Soldier] standing next to the first without so much as slowing.
“Hold—hold her back—”
Fultoolm wondered who was speaking. Then he realized it was his voice. His elites were pressings forwards, fighting Mars back. She slowed, dueling them in a press of bodies. Alone. She’d cut so far in that she was surrounded, but it didn’t matter. Because they couldn’t hurt her.
“General! You must pull back! Pull back!”
One of his [Strategists] was shouting. But Fultoolm couldn’t. If he did—Belchan’s army collapsed. His Skills were the only thing keeping the soldiers from breaking. He raised his sword.
“[Grace of the Bastille]!”
The ranks of [Soldiers] firmed. The elites fighting Mars began to block her blows, even dodging her shining blade as it threatened to cleave through flesh. The entire army began to block, defend with unnatural skill.
