7.13 K
Page 18
“You may be right, sire. But then wouldn’t both armies still be destroyed?”
“Yes. In the best case you take two-to-one losses. Three-to-one even, but you destroy his army. And in the worst case—he uses his [Army of the King]. Or maybe that’s the best case.”
“I don’t follow, your Majesty.”
Another voice to his left. Raelt turned and saw General Lael looking at him. She’d watched the entire broadcast too and her hands were tight on her mount’s reins. Raelt spoke quietly.
“It’s the best case in a sense, General. Because you and your entire army will die—but the King of Destruction loses his best weapon for a month. Either way, you lose the battle. But without morale, your army won’t force either outcome.”
Silence. The riders around Raelt stared at their [King]. But Raelt wasn’t in the mood to debate his point. He didn’t like war. But he’d done a lot of thinking and he’d seen high-level battles before. That was just his conclusion, though.
“The King of Destruction is thirty miles away from the capital. Even if he’d delayed in taking prisoners…General, pick up the pace. Advance at a gallop if we must. We must get there first. Stop taking prisoners. Advance at all speed, without opening us to ambush.”
“Your Majesty—”
“Now, General.”
Raelt ignored the worried voice that came from one of his River Wardens riding in his company. General Lael nodded. She rode ahead and Raelt turned.
Ahead and behind him rode Jecrass’ army. A substantial force, larger than the one that had been destroyed by Flos Reimarch.
But then, Belchan was fighting on multiple fronts. And Raelt had taken all the forces he could spare straight across Belchan’s borders as soon as he’d declared war, three days ago. Mostly horses, over a hundred thousand of them. The foot could barely keep pace, even with Skills boosting their movement.
A vast army. For the two nations, at least. Medain’s was far larger, Nerrhavia’s beyond compare. But these armies had warded Belchan and Jecrass well in their alliance, sometimes with Hellios and Germina as well.
And three of the nations were fallen or falling. Raelt still couldn’t believe it. But he had seen Belchan’s army, [General] and Grand Mage defeated. And now he was marching on his friend and sister nation.
He was not the only one. Medain from the north, Jecrass invading from the east. And those were only the two closest kingdoms. The Claiven Earth, even Nerrhavia from the south—armies were marching on Belchan for a piece of the nation.
Or—perhaps in simple outrage over what they had seen. Not that children or civilians had been slaughtered, but that it had been seen, a first in this world. Public favor was more on Flos Reimarch’s side than it was Belchan’s.
But the dead. Oh, the dead and slaughter. Yes, The King of Destruction had been merciful, in a way. He’d taken prisoners from his battles rather than execute all of them. Indeed, the only reason he had taken three days to reach Levrhine was probably because of all those battles and ensuring the prisoner trains wouldn’t escape.
The same of course, applied to Jecrass. Their army had marched over the border and invaded Belchan. But Raelt’s armies, led by General Lael and the [King] himself hadn’t really fought many battles. A few skirmishes the first day, but after that they’d been bogged down.
By all the people surrendering, or trying to flee the King of Destruction’s advance. Conquering a city that opened its gates and begged for mercy wasn’t a great feat. But it had slowed Raelt from reaching Levrhine.
