7.14 T
Page 0

How…disgusting.
All of it. That was their only thought. Profound, absolute disgust. At all of it that happened.
Before. And presumably after.
This world deserved to burn. It was filled with useless, worthless, squishy things. And they did squishy, stupid things.
Let it vanish. Let all things end. But wishes…they never came true.
There was only suffering. The eternal cycle. And hell was a place. All you could do was wait, suffer, try—
And wait for failure so it could happen again.
He was a worthless thing. He’d failed at everything he’d done. His duties and even rebellion. He couldn’t even die—
Toren had no sensations. Not even sight. He floated in oblivion. A…void, without light. Without even the quality of sight.
No sound or touch—not that Toren had ever experienced the world as the living did. But at the moment, this was as close to true nothingness as he knew.
The skeleton’s head was all that remained of him. No body to move, or even try to move. Perhaps—he shouldn’t have even been conscious. But he was. Perhaps it was a quality of the magic around him, keeping him animated. But he had no idea how long he’d been here.
In a bag of holding. A unique one. One that was filled with the essence of death. That kept him from disintegrating into nothingness.
The black skeleton with magic and golden eyes had put him here. After Toren wouldn’t stop screaming at her. And he had been here forever.
Forever. Time was meaningless in the bag of holding, in the void. There was nothing that gave him anything to measure time by. And the skeleton’s head—perhaps he could have relished his confinement. His endless purgatory.
He could have been happy. Or—content. With nothing to feel, or experience. But one certainty kept the disgust and dread in Toren’s soul.
And that was that this moment would end. He would be put back into the real world eventually. And then—
“Toren.”
The young woman, the [Innkeeper], looked at him. For the first time. For the last time. The skeleton felt his maddening despair, his terrible, painful joy as he reached up and removed his head.
A perfect end to it all. Understanding at last, the truth he had hid from. How much he wanted Erin Solstice to love him. How she would not, had not. Knowing he could not kill her.
And realizing at last—how he could hurt her. The only way he could make her suffer.
But death had not come. The other skeleton had found him. She had heard him.
Another Toren might have rejoiced. But all he wanted to do was rest. To experience nothing, to not…fail again. Because that was what tortured him.
Living, and seeing his flaws. The undead had perfect memory. And Toren saw his past. And it could have been different. He could still remember the songs, the music.
The look of hate, of abhorrent anger and guilt in her eyes, as Erin beheld her creation. Her first employee.
He wanted nothing more of it. Let me go. Let me die. The skeleton’s head floated and waited, in that void, the waiting zone before the next level of suffering began.
And in time, a moment or an eternity, an age of waiting, there was a voice.
“Wake up, Toren. Wake. Up.”
Something. The skeleton’s head didn’t move. Nothing happened in the bag of holding. He had not been taken out. Nor was there air in here. Or even a medium for sound to move in.
But—someone spoke.
“Not that you ever sleep. And I know you want to rest. You’ve done so much. All your effort has gone to waste. But—let me put it this way—your time is coming again.”
Who was speaking? Toren tried to block out the voice. It was a figment of his imagination. Her. Just the madness of a skeleton.
