7.14 T
Page 17
The frightened voice made Az’kerash look at her. And Ijvani saw the same, reassuring, gaze of death. But the smile remained. The Necromancer looked around. At his dark room, practically without light but for the glow of magic—because the undead needed none of it. At the walls, without anything but stone adorning them—moss that he occasionally had his Chosen destroy. And he frowned.
“What a dreary castle. A fitting tomb to spend a decade of a thousand years in. And has it been a decade already…?”
He passed a hand over his eyes. Blinking.
“Immortality. It weighs on us all. I wonder if I missed the same on those I have met. Now, I recall my meeting with the Spider of Terandria and…”
He looked around. At Toren, floating in the magic circle. Ijvani. Toren was getting bored again. He was wondering if he could take Ijvani in a fight. Steal her body.
And the Necromancer heard it. His eyes flashed and Toren smothered his thoughts. Because a power lurked there. But the Necromancer lifted his wand.
“A body. Suitable for you, I think. Toren.”
Bones flew. The purple flames bloomed in Toren’s eye sockets. He felt a body appearing around him.
He stood in the magic circle. Tilted his head left and right. Opened and closed perfect hands. Az’kerash regarded him.
“For now, the same design. Later—upgrades. Alterations. But first, other matters. My castle is…dark.”
He turned back to regarding his domain.  Toren eyed Az’kerash. He inspected his body. He was missing his special bones, but these felt…nice. Strong bones. Magical in of themselves. High-quality. Not this low-grade stuff he’d been using. He flexed one hand, made a fist.
Then he leapt at Az’kerash’s back. Sneak attack kick! 
Ijvani moved. She raised a hand. Az’kerash turned his head.
Toren went flying. Flicked by something. He stuck to a castle wall and white webs ensnared him. Outraged, the skeleton wriggled, but he was firmly encased. The Necromancer laughed.
“Personality!”
“Master, should I destroy that?”
Ijvani hissed, staring at Toren. He tried to get one arm free. Fight me, you stupid skeleton! Ijvani heard him and aimed a glowing finger at Toren’s skull. Alarmed, the skeleton tried to amend his thoughts. Er—not stupid skeleton! Wonderful bone structure! Especially the tibia!
Ijvani paused, confused. Az’kerash grabbed her finger.
“Ijvani. Be patient. Let me think.”
She lowered her finger and stared up at her master. Az’kerash was staring about, pursing his lips, shaking his head.
“Mold? Is that…would I have ever allowed such mold on my walls? It’s black, as well. I’m sure that it’s…well, only Kerash and Bea ever had lungs, and I would not have cared. But blank walls. Unsuitable, entirely. And the silence…decades of it.”
“Master? Are the walls wrong?”
The skeleton mage was very confused by her master’s words. Az’kerash sighed.
“Music, perhaps. Ambient. Hm? Ah, Ijvani, one moment. I am no [Composer], or music-mage, but I can at least recall what I have heard from memory.”
He flicked his wand. And Toren, who’d gotten one arm free and was looking around for a weapon to club both of them with, felt the stones vibrate around him. And then—the black stone and moss moved.
Stone shifted. And a mouth and eyes formed in the darkness. A face spoke. No—sang. Toren froze as the first sonorous voice echoed in the room.
Ijvani stirred. She looked up as more parts of the castle turned into faces. And voices began to speak.
