7.14 T
Page 19
The Necromancer smiled. He gestured, and Toren fell onto the ground. The skeleton leapt to his feet, warily. Az’kerash regarded him with bright interest. Waiting to see what Toren would do. The skeleton paused. And then he sidled for the exit.
“How interesting. I wonder if you will change too, Ijvani.”
“To be like that?”
Ijvani’s voice was frankly horrified. Toren ran into an invisible wall. He stopped, decided to go the other way. He began pressing his hands against the air. He was in a box! Az’kerash shrugged.
“I do not know what will happen. But I will change you. And make my Chosen. Undead that can level.”
And Ijvani got it. She looked around as the walls sang. And the Necromancer smiled. He laughed once.
“What greatest creation will I make? What perfect designs? Now I understand, Zelkyr. And they will grow beyond what I can make.”
He looked at Ijvani. And she saw him staring at her. And she felt…happy. And strange. Her? Leveling? She looked at the skeleton who’d brought it all here. So did Az’kerash. He nodded at Toren. And Ijvani felt another flash of terrible jealousy. Because Az’kerash was smiling at Toren.
Amused. Even…respectful. And this was all the Necromancer said as he rose, Ijvani at his side.
“There is so much to do, now. But—slowly. Carefully. The magic of creation lies in my hands. And I cannot see the essence of life.”
He gestured at the blank spot written in the heart of the magical theory.
“But I have time. Time—and yet—what a strange thing. I may well conquer this world before the century’s turn.”
Ijvani nodded eagerly. And Toren paused. Because he was a captive once more. And female Toren—no, Nekhti—was gone. For now. But amid this very confusing day, he found himself thinking this Az’kerash person was alright.
And the Necromancer raised his wand. And he sent dark [Messages] flying across the world. Carefully, no, perhaps, recklessly. But it was time. He felt alive. And the dead man smiled. And then he went to create the second leveling undead.
A thing fit to end the world. To bring wrath and ruin. And she would call herself—
Ijvani.
 
—-
 
Only three [Messages], for now. Only three, as careful as could be. Or as recklessly. Each one different. Of a different nature.
The first, courtly, delicately worded, humble, entreating.
Covert. Delivered as it was scribed, and sent by Courier to its destination. Although even the famed Courier had to halt.
They feared making an enemy out of the [King] on these lands. So the Courier halted as the dead rose on the border. The Garuda, Chaita, the Sky’s Mirage, offered the letter with both of her wing-hands to the undead, trying not to shudder.
It was brought across the nation of Khelt, from dead hands, passing to living ones at the gates. Conveyed into the undead [King]’s presence.
Fetohep of Khelt read the letter at his leisure. It was a break in his displeasure at the situation with Jecrass and Belchan. But as he had reiterated, Khelt was neutral. Despite trade with Reim. And if any nation wished to object to his will, they had only to cross his borders with an army.
Such was Fetohep’s will. And the [King] read the letter. The flames which glowed in his withered sockets went out for a second. And then reignited.
“Ah.”
That was all he said. Fetohep regarded the letter, but didn’t have his [Mages] investigate it. That would have been rude. Also—pointless. He consigned it to the flames. And then he sat back, thinking.
“Curious. Why now?”
