7.14 T
Page 23
The marionette moved. Teura jumped as it neatly put the cake on Elena’s plate. The two Humans blinked, but the Golems had moved smoothly back into motion. They’d just stopped. For a minute.
“Oh. Wonder what that was?”
Elena kept her voice light as she looked at Aaron. Teura paused, but motioned them on, blank faced as she carefully got her own cake. Aaron and Elena laughed as they went on.
And he saw her smiling until they’d turned away from her handler. And she gave him a look and mouthed one word.
Robots.
As in—artificial intelligence. As in robots, and the theories the Earthers talked about when they were sure they were alone. Their worries, which included the situation they were in. Aaron nodded. He looked back once—
The marionette was staring at him. Just…staring. As it served Teura. You’d never have noticed it. It was just for a second, and then it went back to work. But Aaron thought—
Maybe it was just the painted face. But he had a sudden suspicion born out of every damn movie about robots ever made. And he shuddered because as far as he and Elena were concerned? Wistram Academy was full of idiots who’d never heard of a robot uprising.
But what had caused that pause? Aaron never got his answer. And he wasn’t hungry for cake anymore. Even chocolate cake.
 
—-
 
Cognita moved. Her entire process—her being—had stopped. For almost a full minute. In shock. She stared down at the letter as the Golems of Wistram moved, once more reassuring the worried [Mages] they served.
But they forgot this too, the little [Mages] who claimed to rule Wistram. And that was that the Golems did not serve them. They had been created to serve one master.
Archmage Zelkyr. And it was his commands they followed, even to this day. And—
Cognita’s fingers shook as she unwrapped the parchment and read again. Because she could feel fear. She had been made to feel every emotion, to be as perfect to life as possible in every way.
But her master had failed in just one aspect. So the woman made of Truestone, the two hundred year-old Golem, the slave and servant—
Read the message that her master’s old friend had sent her. It was indeed, short. And it read like this:
 
His work was completed. I hold the key.
 
Those words would shake the world. They would change…everything. Cognita knew that, and even she could not predict what would happen.
In months, days, or perhaps years and decades or centuries. But if he lived…Archmage Perril Chandler, as she knew him, would use her master’s greatest, final work.
Complete at last.
Cause for joy. Cognita might have smiled. She might have even laughed, or danced, or done the countless things her master had created her for that she did not do—that the [Mages] had forgotten, remembering only her function as protection, for conflict.
She might have. But what had caused her to freeze was the second part of the message. And Cognita, the perfect servant, the eternal creation, had hesitated.
This was the entirety of the message:
 
His work was completed. I hold the key.
 
And below it, one more line. An offer, a question, a conversation she remembered perfectly, from over a century past. When he had been living. And he remembered it too.
Perril Chandler’s words to her.
 
I can set you free.
 
Those five words, and nothing more. Cognita stared at them. For a long time.
Thinking. And then, slowly, she folded the parchment up. Her hands, the stone making them up, changed, turned to a different material. Stone which glowed.
