7.14 T
Page 4
Az’kerash didn’t respond. He just studied one of his Chosen, one of four undead that had the capacity for thought. Growth. If not levels. Az’kerash had possessed five, but the fifth, Oom, had been destroyed fighting Zel Shivertail.
“And you have brought me…a gift. Two, in fact.”
The Necromancer studied the thing Ijvani held. A quivering, gelatinous mass of colors. A…slime. The kind you might find anywhere in this world. Slimes, which possessed and grew mana cores and were made out of anything liquid, from sewer sludge to water to quicksand.
This one was unique. It was small, and it shone with bright colors. Magic. It was, in fact, a Healing Slime. And it was terrified.
Ijvani had found it with the Defenders of the Cave, the glorious alliance of Shield Spiders and Fortress Beavers who had fought back the horrible Crelers in ages of yore, with Mrsha the Great and Terrible. She had taken the Healing Slime when she returned to the Necromancer’s castle.
Along with a skeleton. Now, the head floated in the air. Az’kerash stared at it. He paused, and then went on.
“Two things. An odd slime. It looks as though someone made it of a…potion. An intriguing thought. Show it to me.”
“Yes, Master.”
Ijvani knelt and offered the Healing Slime up. The little ball of liquid rolled around frantically in her palms, but was unable to escape the invisible walls holding it in. As Az’kerash approached, it flattened itself down, quivering.
A little mana stone glowed amid the moving liquid. Az’kerash frowned as he inspected it.
“Yes, indeed. A curio. Ijvani, you begged to bring it. Because of Oom?”
“Yes, Master. It reminds me of Oom. May I keep it?”
The skeleton’s voice was like a child’s, for all she sounded like an adult woman. Az’kerash raised his eyebrows.
“I will consider it. Hm. Curious indeed. And this—”
He looked at the skeleton. The Necromancer paused. He narrowed his eyes.
He had been Archmage Chandler, in an era when [Archmages] still walked Wistram’s halls. Before a time when the upper floors had been sealed—well, they had always been guarded, but not blockaded by Cognita and the ‘test’. To him, reading magic and the design of most enchantments was as simple as other people reading books.
And this skeleton was—confusing to say the least. On one level—basic. Shoddy, even patchwork, but with a creative flair that Perril Chandler would have awarded some marks for in class. Especially given the lack of formal education on the part of the student.
But also—something was making Az’kerash, the Necromancer, experience mortal chills. Something…
The Necromancer swept his view over his Chosen once more. He spoke, and it was as the Necromancer, bane of the living.
“At last, my remaining Chosen gather. It has been long, Ijvani. Short by the measure of those without death. But even now, this gathering is reduced. Oom was destroyed by Zel Shivertail.”
The Chosen shuddered. Destroyed. It was more than fear of the end of their existence; the Necromancer’s voice radiated disapproval. And that was more terrible to them than unmaking.
“It seems I erred.”
“Master, no! You do not—”
Venitra raised her head. Az’kerash looked at her and she fell silent. A towering figure of bone, capable of slaying  Gold-rank adventurers. And a child before her creator.
