7.14 T
Page 9
“By hand. How much time would this have taken? Was he not aware of spell-carving? Or did they not teach…? Ah. Self-taught.”
He shook his head, continuing to ruminate as he looked Toren up and down.
“Simplistic animation and spellcraft. Lack of mobility here and here—he seemed to want to confine this skeleton to a normal range of movement despite creating it for indefinite animation. Open enchantment without self-containment—I could erase parts of the command matrix at a distance.”
His voice was disapproving. If he’d been in class…well, Pisces would have been getting a bad grade. Az’kerash tsked as he saw how loose the spell bindings were. This skeleton would come to pieces with a single punch! Shoddy.
Somewhere across the world, Pisces rubbed his nose and sniffed a few times.
“A beginner’s attempt at a personal necromantic construct. I suppose if he created this at Level…9…it would be understandable. It certainly looks like it. Still—there is some depth to the spell binding here.”
The [Necromancer] sighed, but he frowned. Toren’s behavior certainly had been aberrant. He’d attacked what was supposed to be his primary master and defense target. Why? More importantly, how?
Something was really making him shiver as he looked at the skeleton. And—Az’kerash paused.
Something was shouting at him. Without a voice. Without words, insofar as Az’kerash understood them. It was inaudible, but he could ‘hear’ it…
“Shh! Noisy thing! You are in the presence of the Master!”
Ijvani raised her head, glaring at Toren. Az’kerash’ gaze swung towards her, and then Toren.
No. Simple skeletons like this couldn’t think. Ijvani was caught up in one of her delusions again. Like how she’d decided to make a pet out of the Healing Slime. Speaking of which…Az’kerash cast his thoughts back to the slime. He was quite literally scatter-brained. Or scattered-thoughts, rather, as he had learned to subdivide his consciousness. Now, though, more and more of his fragmented selves were coming back to analyze the situation.
“Odd. It looks like a minor healing potion is what the slime is using as a base for its body. That—isn’t possible. Unless an [Alchemist] made it?”
“Master?”
Ijvani raised the healing slime. Az’kerash nodded at it.
“Slimes occupy base materials, Ijvani. They shouldn’t be capable of sustaining a complex body like that. Unless—someone created it. With a Skill, perhaps. A unique one. Where did you say you found it, again?”
“In a cave, master. With spiders and…the furry things.”
“Fortress Beavers.”
“Yes, Master.”
“Hm. A rogue specimen, perhaps. More and more curious. It would certainly be a useful thing to other species. Keep it, Ijvani.”
That solved, Az’kerash turned back to the skeleton’s head. He didn’t really care about the uses of a slime that could in theory keep renewing the weak healing potion that made it up. Potions were of limited use to the undead, and healing potions entirely worthless to most. He gave it three days before Ijvani accidentally destroyed it; if not that, it would perish within a month for lack of sustenance.
But the skeleton—Az’kerash’s hand hovered over its skull. He blinked.
“What insolence. Master, allow me to destroy it.”
Kerash growled. The other Chosen were starting as they stared at the skull. Az’kerash paused. No audible sound. He checked his ears to make sure that was the case twice.
“Bea.”
“Yes Master? I will fetch a hammer at once—”
“Bea, be silent. Answer me this question only. Is this undead…insulting me?”
Az’kerash turned his head slowly. The Necromancer stared at Bea. The undead plague zombie slowly nodded.
