7.14 T
Page 8
Almost like him. Az’kerash had learned how to use a rapier. He had owned a golden bell. Once. It had been lost along with everything else. But Pisces?
“He learned to create a Bone Behemoth in less than a month. From example, true. But he had the daring and the lunacy to battle an Adult Creler, bane of [Mages]. And his team…stayed with him.”
The Necromancer recalled the events, as he did. Almost with disbelief. They had stayed with him. And he had witnessed…
“A Frostmarrow Behemoth.”
Ice and death. A fusion of elements. Grand magic, beyond both [Mage]’s levels. The Necromancer reveled in the memory. Trust. One could not have created such a spell without utmost trust between both [Mages]. They had linked their magics in the truest sense of the word, not the superficial sharing of mana.
The Necromancer did smile, then. As he inspected Toren and the heap of bones Ijvani had laid on the floor.
“An arrogant young man. But one with potential. And this was his creation which attacked the…[Innkeeper]?”
“Yes, Master. You ordered me to bring it back. It is noisy.”
Ijvani piped up from where she knelt. Az’kerash flicked his gaze towards her; Ijvani seldom knew when to be silent. He went on after a moment.
“An interesting thing. I do not understand what led an undead servant to run amok. Interference from controlling undead, or those pestilential Flesh Worms of Liscor’s dungeon, perhaps. They stole the artifacts from the undead.”
“Master? What undead?”
The Necromancer looked up. He stared at Bea. And it was definitely favoritism that made him respond.
“A curious incident, Bea. I sensed a number of undead awakening and ordered them to retrieve a number of artifacts. However—my command was intercepted. They should have left their domain and ventured here.”
The Chosen nodded. Az’kerash, as the [Necromancer], had command over almost all undead. He could order them to move from hundreds, even thousands of miles distant, especially if he had created them. But—the Necromancer frowned.
“The undead did not heed my commands. They were overruled by Flesh Worms.”
“Flesh Worms, master?”
“Natural [Necromancers]. Sentient…monsters. Flesh Worms. They are an Izrilian nuisance. A…known one. Older [Necromancers] were aware of their presence. Powerful Flesh Worms can override lesser undead in a limited radius. Had I been monitoring the undead, I would have commanded them to retrieve the artifacts. A pity.”
“Could they command us, Master?”
Kerash looked up. Az’kerash smiled again, and his eyes flashed with amusement.
“You, Kerash? First of my Chosen? Never. Draug at the most. But never one of the greater undead.”
The Gnoll nodded. He was, in theory, based on a Draug—a more powerful version of Zombies and Ghouls that inhabited a body. But he was beyond even regular Draug. Az’kerash went on, his expression becoming distasteful.
“Flesh Worms are but a nuisance. They seem to gather strongly in Liscor’s dungeon. Infested it, most likely. They might have been why this skeleton attacked its master.”
“The [Innkeeper] was the master…um, Master?”
Ijvani was doubly confused. Az’kerash sighed.
“I see it in the skeleton’s magical bindings. Crude. Did that young [Necromancer] hand-carve—he did! On every single bone?”
Incredulously, he levitated some of Toren’s bones up. The skeleton tried to move his body, perhaps slap the impudent [Necromancer] despite the overwhelming power he felt, but his bones weren’t his any longer. The connection had been severed. Az’kerash studied each bone, seeing where Pisces had etched the command spells into the bones.
