7.15 R
Page 14
Revi smirked. She eyed Dewlana carefully. Because this was a woman made of silk.
Silk. When you made a Stitch-Person’s body out of it, they looked…well, unreal. The higher-quality a cloth, the more impressive the result. Dewlana’s body was lithe, supple, and yes, silky, but it seemed to pick up and reflect the light better. And Revi knew—she’d be stronger than regular cloth-folk, tougher, and stronger.
Normally, Revi would have avoided any Stitch-Shop catering to her kind that had Silk-caste in it. Because they would make her experience…a pain. But Dewlana was the only Silk-bodied person in the shop; all her workers were Cotton. Besides…Revi had a thought as she glanced at Dewlana’s face.
“What can we do for you, Miss Revi?”
The [Seamstress]’ tone was very hospitable. And why not? Caste aside, Gold-rank adventurers could toss around money like water. Revi smiled.
“I’d like my stitches redone. All of them. Make it good thread. Actually, make it silk.”
The attendants shivered at the word. Silk. Every Stitch-Person longed to make a body of silk, or even some more costly fabric. Revi’s body was cotton, but silk threads were an upgrade she could pay for.
She’d gotten the money from Liscor’s dungeon, after all. Dewlana smiled wide.
“Of course. Can we upgrade any part of you? Replace any limbs?”
“Mm…no, I just want everything tightened. I don’t want to replace some legs and get mismatched.”
“Naturally. And can we offer you a massage? It’s a specialty; my own design.”
“A massage? Why not?”
Revi didn’t have sore muscles. Stitch-Person, again. But as she lay on her back, the attendants began undoing her threads. And—piece by piece—they took Revi apart.
It was an unnerving experience for most to see. But Revi was made, like everyone else. When the attendants took off Revi’s leg, the flesh turned into cloth at once. A life-sized cloth replica, amazingly detailed—the more detailed it was, the better it functioned—but cloth nonetheless. They hurried it off and came back with delicate spools of silk thread. In the meantime, Dewlana attended to Revi personally.
“My, your back stitches are somewhat haphazard, Miss Revi. And you’ve burst a few stitches.”
“Hazard of the trade. Also, I had to re-stitch myself to play this game. Baseball.”
“I’ve never heard of it. But there’s all sorts of new things coming to Invrisil. Have you heard of the plays?”
“Hm…? Oh, yes. Are they here, then?”
The [Seamstress] looked a bit disappointed as she began to sew Revi back up. The process felt good, reconnecting. Revi felt firm; her limbs fully-bound. The two gossiped as Dewlana worked.
“You’ve been here before, then, Miss Revi?”
“Not in a bit. But they have them in the south. Liscor.”
“That is a long way. I saw them just in the scrying orb a while back. Wait—you wouldn’t happen to have been around when…?”
Revi smirked.
“You mean, the moths? I was there for that. Goblin Lord? I was on the walls.”
“Really?”
Some of the attendants came back in. Revi enjoyed herself as they begged to hear from her. There was no concept of signing autographs, but Stitch-People had something just as good. Revi’s old threads were taken and made part of the bodies of the other Stitch-People. They’d show it off and say—that was from Revi, Gold-rank adventurer.
After a while, Dewlana shooed the attendants away; this was about Revi, after all. As she sewed, she talked.
“Well, Miss Revi, you’ve been at the center of more things of interest than I! And here most of my clients are talking about the King of Destruction—”
“Right, Chandrar. How many are from home?”
