7.15 R
Page 18
One that relied on artifacts. His team of six all had magical gear. Maybe lesser teleport scrolls, or if they were [Mages], they knew the spell. Maybe an artifact that did the same thing. And their wands? Wands of [Fireball] would mean they could shoot six all at once.
Any Silver-rank team would have trouble matching that kind of firepower. But was it…well, high-Gold?
No. Still, they deserved the rank if they’d gone through enough battles, and Todi looked like he’d been through a war. Halrac introduced him.
“This is Revi and Typhenous. You two—Todi. I knew him in Silver-ranks. He pulled himself out of Bronze all the way to the top.”
“And don’t you forget it, Everam. So this is your crew? Damn. And Ulrien bit it?”
Halrac—paused. Revi had an urge to nudge him before he belted Todi in the face. Because—he looked like he was going to. But to her relief, the [Scout] only nodded.
“Not a Named-rank. A criminal. Regrika Blackpaw. Gnoll.”
“Damn. A criminal? Well, Ulrien always had balls to even try taking one of them on, sideways or not. So you were at Liscor, huh? You should’ve stayed is what I hear. I’m planning on going south myself. Can I get you a drink?”
Halrac paused. He glanced over—there were people serving the adventurers.
“We can sit. I don’t see the person we’re waiting for yet.”
He nodded and Griffon Hunt sat down. Todi waved his team off; they nodded at him. Then he called out.
“Hey! Jewel! Get over here and meet Halrac!”
Another Gold-rank adventurer looked up. She glared, but stood up and broke away from the team she’d been talking with. Jewel, as it turned out, was a Balerosian. Her team came with her. All two of them.
“Everam, meet Jewel. She’s part of…fuck…what was it? Glistening Spear?”
“Glitterblade, Todi. Don’t play games. Well met. Everam?”
“Halrac. Griffon Hunt.”
Jewel was no [Mage], and her entire team were, in fact, [Fighters]. Well, variants on the class, but mobile, comparatively lightly-armored warriors. One was a [Duelist], the other a [Spellblade]—a variant on [Spellsword] that had Skills which enhanced the artifact he carried, a flyssa, and Jewel herself was a [Swashbuckler].
“Nimble as a cat. She made a name for herself fighting the damn Ogres who came out of the hills a while back. Her team’s new to Gold-rank. Four months. Be respectful to Halrac! He’s been in Griffon Hunt at Gold-rank for over two years, Jewel. Longer than me.”
“Pleased.”
The woman looked resigned at Todi casually ordering about, although her comrades were less than cool with it. But he had seniority, which mattered…up to a point.
“Of course, they used to be a squad of six. And then eight. Rolled about the north hunting Griffins. And they had dogs.”
“Griffon dogs?”
One of the Glitterblades looked delighted at the play-on-words. Halrac nodded. He was sitting with Todi and the Glitterblades as Revi broke into the conversation.
“Nice team you have, Todi. They don’t want to join us?”
“Captain Todi. And they’re not my crew. Not like Everam and Ulrien. They roll with me, I give them gear, and if we split, we split. No hard feelings.”
Todi’s method was another sort you found sometimes. His team wasn’t a group that stuck with each other through thick-and-thin, just adventurers, almost like mercenaries, fighting for a brief window. It was closer to how Griffon Hunt operated, but even more casually.
“You were a fan of that. You own all the wands and artifacts? It’s been a long time since we saw each other.”
Halrac spoke in a non-committal tone of voice. Todi snorted.
