7.15 R
Page 40
Wesle looked at Typhenous, concerned. The older [Mage] was breathing slowly, watching Eltistiman warily.
“We—have had our incidents. I’m sorry. Perhaps we should discuss it? Civilly?”
He looked at Eltistiman, and the [Magician] nodded.
“Civilly. We’re both quits, anyways—it was a scene, Wesle. No hard feelings…”
He stared at Typhenous. And Revi sensed that hidden undercurrent of the street. Typhenous nodded.
“Let’s talk.”
He stood up. The Players watched the two walk over to a table. The air blurred around them and sound vanished. Revi looked around. She met Halrac’s gaze. The [Scout] was frowning again.
“What do you think…?”
“I don’t know. But I think we might be entangled again. Damn.”
The [Veteran Scout] drained his drink. Cade nodded solemnly. Briganda sighed.
“It’s never a dull moment. Catch me up. What’re we in for now?”
 
—-
 
“Never thought to see you here. Frankly, I’d as soon have kicked you in the ribs, but I’m with the Players of Celum now. So I suppose we can let it lie. You didn’t let them slit my throat.”
Eltistiman eyed Typhenous as the two sat together. Both were…calm. Wary, but not tense. They knew the score. They were both—faces. And they spoke with the same understanding that the Players and Griffon Hunt did. That of people with a shared background.
“I did convince them to leave you. The Sisters weren’t amenable to it, but the Brothers…”
“Dead gods, both of them? Maybe you saved me from a fight.”
Eltistiman grimaced. He took another drink and looked at Typhenous. The old [Mage] nodded carefully.
“You escaped without incident?”
A shrug.
“I woke up in the basement and walked out, invisible, of course. The Flower Lady wasn’t happy, but she understood. It was still a black mark—but I found the Players of Celum. And the door never got stolen. So—let’s call it quits.”
Typhenous relaxed a bit. Words had meaning and a promise, even one not bound by magic or blood, carried weight. He nodded.
“You have my apologies.”
“Frankly, I should have checked the door. That was an amateur’s mistake. But yes. Good job on your victory.”
The [Magician] glowered. But he sighed.
“Still—two big gangs lost some members that night. I feel…I don’t want to ask, because I know you won’t give it to me straight.”
“I’d prefer that.”
Typhenous kept his face straight. And he was wary. Eltistiman nodded.
“I don’t want to know. But…people have been asking questions, you understand? A [Nightstalker] and her guard visited me. And an [Enforcer]. They asked questions on behalf of their people.”
The Plague Mage…paused. He slowly raised his mug.
“And?”
“I told them what I knew. But they’re not happy. Maybe it was an accident. But I think you’ve got some debts to pay. And if you stick around in Invrisil—well, you’re here, but people saw you in the Solstice Booth. And they heard Wesle saying Griffon Hunt. They know you’re here. Neither one’ll intrude because the Players are here and because this is Reinhart’s territory, but…”
Typhenous saw Eltistiman raise his brows. The [Mage] nodded slowly.
“I have debts. And explanations. I will pay both.”
“You’d better hope they’re accepted. Because the Sisters are irked. The Brothers—might get it. But watch your back. You’re playing a game with more costs than rewards. And for a face as old as yours, it’s odd to see.”
The old man hunched his shoulders at the booth. Typhenous looked up at Eltistiman. The Plague Mage smiled, wearily.
“Perhaps. But some things are worth more gold than you can count. I’m with my team, Eltistiman. And it is my team I owe. If I have debts, I will settle them and not involve them.”
