7.15 R
Page 35
“Know ‘em? They’re part of the crew! Miss Erin’s crew! They’re all right! Dead gods, the Players’re gonna flip when they see you! That’s Halrac, right?”
“Grev.”
The [Scout] nodded. Grev cackled.
“I’d know that scowl everywhere! Guys, I’m gonna rat. These’re friends. They need me for anything, they get it. Just like the rest of the ones I told you about.”
The gang of kids relaxed. The leader, a girl, tapped Grev’s shoulder lightly with a fist. He was clearly with them and yet apart, much like Typhenous.
“You got it, Grev. Favor. Thanks for the tickets. My mum flipped twice when she got them.”
“Anytime. Come on, you three! How’d you find me? They were saying a face was askin’ about me and I got worried. That you, Typhenous? You never said!”
“A [Mage] must have his secrets, Grev. It’s good to see you.”
“Revi too?”
“Hey. Grev.”
Revi waved awkwardly. She hadn’t really known Grev from the inn. She remembered him, of course, the kid who’d been with the Players. But Revi had to admit, her contact with the Players of Celum was mostly remote.
And yet—it was like adventuring teams. They knew each other. And ironically, this far from the inn they’d been at, the bond felt stronger. Short it might have been, only a few months—but it felt like years. And The Wandering Inn had left a mark on them all.
“It’s amazing to see you all. Is the door to Liscor open? I’ve been watching, but there’s been no word.”
“We came on foot. We were hoping the door would be active too.”
Grev led them back on the street. He tugged up a hood over his head as he chatted with the adventurers.
“Because of the Wyverns? Right. I’ve been keeping my ear to Liscor. Heard about the Crelers.”
“Crelers?”
Griffon Hunt started. Grev gave them a wide-eyed look.
“You don’t know? Dead fucking gods kicking rats! You’ve gotta hear about it! But maybe let’s find the Players first! They’ll love to see you. Mind you, it was good you came to me. Smart. Favor for that—respect, I mean—no one can get near the inn with the cast. They’re more famous than…anyone right now. Lots of people want to be their friends.”
“So we noticed. It’s incredible.”
Indeed—there were posters of the Players of Celum on the more populated, commercial districts. Revi had to stare at a full-scale poster, hand-painted by an [Artist]. It depicted Jasi—or rather, a beautiful Drake standing with [Soldiers] in the background, and the heads of Wesle and a Human that Revi didn’t recognize in the background. It looked like some grand story, and the caption just read—‘Elisial, now showing at the Season Theatre’.
Fame. Grev himself was hiding his face. Whereas he was walking with Gold-ranks and chattering away.
“You have no idea. The cast have to wear illusion spells just to go out. They’re signing—you know the autographs? I’m getting more than I can deal with, so I hafta wear a hood. And Jasi—you can’t beat the guys off her with sticks! Myself, I’ve got a few girls…”
Revi rolled her eyes. Halrac just stared at another poster, this time of Wesle and advertising Macbeth.
“Have you heard from Erin?”
