7.15 R
Page 27
“I just don’t like being one of the many. Griffon Hunt took a risk on Liscor and it paid off because we were first. But if there was just one request we could take while everyone focused on the big, obvious score…”
He trailed off. Briganda scratched her head.
“I’ve seen nothing with numbers like that, Halrac. You might as well go after one of the Goblin Chieftains in the north, and that’s a lesser payout by far. There are a few Gold-rank offers, and I can remember one funny one—but nothing that pays anything. Heh. They were offering ‘deferred payment’ in exchange for later rewards. Might as well say we’re adventuring for exposure and fame.”
The other adventurers had to groan or chuckle at that. No indeed. Gold-ranks needed to be paid for their risks. Briganda slapped her thighs as Cade leaned against her, yawning.
“Cade’s sleepy. And I need to tell everyone about this. Can I call on you in a bit?”
“Sure. We’ll have to organize…the situation with Cade. But as I said, we have a route straight back to Liscor. Hopefully we can intercept Erin, and get a few day’s jump on everyone else.”
“Halrac, you delight me. Subterfuge from you?”
Typhenous exclaimed, grinning behind his beard. Briganda had to pace back and forth as she held Cade who was yawning.
“I am so excited for this. It’s been too long! I’ll meet you in…an hour, okay? I can put Cade to bed, get a babysitter—I’ll still be hiring those! Maybe we can even get some with us?”
“It sure beats Erin and her inn. Dead gods, imagine if that skeleton was still about? Best nursemaid. Free.”
Revi muttered. Halrac nearly snorted out his drink. He put down his mug, wiping his mouth.
“It’ll be good to see her. And if the Halfseekers do arrive—we could even intercept them, get the door here faster. I don’t know what’s taken them. But either way, we might beat all but the local teams to the High Passes. Again, I don’t like risking us especially because they’re a Weyr up there. One wrong move and we’re not fighting a few Wyverns, but a Greater Wyvern, and a few hundred Wyverns.”
His team sobered. That was what Griffon Hunt was good at, weighing the odds. Revi nodded slowly.
“We’ll look into it. But for now—we can take some time off, right?”
“Right. We’ll catch Briganda up on the…situation and speculation later. Tonight, we celebrate.”
Griffon Hunt tapped each other’s mugs. Typhenous wiped his mouth and smiled.
“And to do that, I think we should have a night on the town. Perhaps with Cade, although I fear it might be too adult for him.”
Revi eyed her teammate.
“…Do you mean a brothel?”
“No. The theatre, Revi. The Players of Celum are apparently far better than when we knew them! And they have new plays!”
The other two adventurer’s eyes lit up. Halrac paused.
“I thought obtaining tickets was impossible?”
“For tonight? And cheaply? Certainly impossible, Halrac. For anyone but good friends of Jasi and Wesle. I assume they’d remember us. And it might be worth a shot.”
“I would. How good are the plays?”
Halrac had something of an affection for some of the theatre he’d seen. And Revi wouldn’t mind it either—especially to treat Briganda to the plays. Typhenous smiled.
“Good enough to have the entire city demanding more? To have people reselling tickets? Halrac, consider that the [Actors] may have leveled. I think we should try and seek the Players of Celum out while we wait for Briganda to get back to us. Any opposed?”
There were none. And Griffon Hunt marched out of the pub where they’d been drinking to find some…well, free tickets.
