7.15 R
Page 6
But this was Invrisil. There were rules, for adventurers and the Watch. And in accordance with the rules, Halrac paused from collecting items he could sell and let the [Sergeant] take down his team’s name.
“It’s Griffon Hunt with a ‘o’. Griffon. As in, the dog. G-r-i-f-f-o-n.”
“Ah, I see. Let me just—Halrac Everam?”
“Yes. Our team used to be led by Ulrien—the records might not have changed.”
“Thank you, sir. Oh. I mean—I’m sorry, if it was a loss—”
“It was.”
Halrac folded his arms, waiting. Flustered, the [Sergeant] recorded the details. Then he thanked Halrac again, went to reassure everyone that everything was under control, and left. Halrac watched him go. Then he sighed and went back to the [Raiders]. There was a nice bit of chainmail on the [Raid Leader] and, unsavory as it was, it would fetch a good price.
Griffon Hunt couldn’t afford to turn down free money. So, tedious as it was, and as much as he’d like to get to Invrisil, Halrac began to strip the dead woman. He’d been on the road a long time, and delayed from reaching Invrisil for ages. He hoped that the magic door was working there, but he hadn’t heard a rumor about that yet. And you would hear rumors if The Wandering Inn reached Invrisil.
It hadn’t been a productive month, by and large. And Halrac was in a bad mood.
But then—what was new?
 
—-
 
“I think that’s everything. I’ve got all the bodies lined up. How’re we doing this? Burning? Acid? Valmira’s Comet?”
About twenty minutes later, Revi dusted her palms as she turned to the three-person team that was Griffon Hunt. She was looking at Halrac, their leader, but it was Typhenous who replied.
“Unless you’d like to scatter body parts across a hundred feet, Revi, I think fire will do. Halrac?”
“Do it. Revi, why is that family waiting?”
Halrac gestured at the wagon that they’d been hitching a ride on. Revi squinted.
“I…think they’re waiting for us to come with them?”
“We have the [Raider]’s horses. We’ll ride them to Invrisil. Find a [Hostler]. Let them know.”
“Yes, boss. I’ll endure them thanking you and being grateful so you don’t have to.”
Revi mock-saluted Halrac as she ambled over to the wagon and anxious family. Halrac scowled at her back. Typhenous chuckled. He aimed his staff at the bodies—already beginning to smell a tiny bit in the heat—and shot flames from his staff.
Cremation. Halrac watched impassively. His nose stung with the smoke and smell, but Typhenous didn’t bat an eyelash. Halrac’s face was locked in a scowl as he saw travellers moving past. Some called out, asking what had happened, but the Gold-rank adventurer didn’t respond.
He was in a foul mood. Not from the [Raiders]. But he’d been scowling the last…week. And yes, Halrac, sometimes known as ‘Halrac the Grim’ for that very feature, usually didn’t smile. But his team had learned to tell apart the varying levels of dissatisfaction or non-emotion contained on his face.
“They’re off. And they’d love to thank you in person, Halrac. What with you being a hero to the little boys and everything. But I told them that a big, important adventurer didn’t have time to spend on goodbyes.”
Revi came back. If Halrac’s default mode was dour, hers was probably nettling people. Halrac turned his glare on her.
“If you said that, Revi—”
He almost started back towards the wagon, which was indeed turning back onto the road. Revi threw up her hands.
“I didn’t! It was a joke! Calm down, Halrac.”
The surly adventurer glared at her, but relaxed.
“Don’t lie, then.”
“Don’t take your bad mood out on me. Pshaw! It stinks! Hold on, I’m taking my nose off.”
