7.15 R
Page 7
Revi gagged at the smell. She reached up and began to undo the tiny, invisible stitches on her nose. She pulled off her nose, revealing just blank skin underneath. Halrac and Typhenous ignored her as the bodies burned nicely. They were used to it.
“Give me five minutes and they should be fit to douse with water. Revi, my dear—”
“Don’t call me that, old man. I’ll get you the nicest horse.”
“You know me too well.”
Revi rolled her eyes as she whistled. The glowing apparitions herded the nervous horses closer. Typhenous, still projecting flames from his staff, eyed them.
“Decent horseflesh. I think we could get a good price for some of them. If we don’t keep them.”
“I’d like a horse. That one’s beautiful.”
“Mm. Bad lines, Revi. But indeed, a lovely coat.”
Typhenous studied the horses with a practiced eye. Revi deffered to him with a sigh.
“There’s a nice saddle on that one. You want? And can I ride the lovely one?”
“If we’re not in a hurry, by all means.”
“That’s mine, then. Halrac, you want a horse?”
“I. Don’t. Care. Let’s just get them moving. And we’re selling all but three at the nearest stables.”
Revi and Typhenous exchanged a glance. Their smiles faltered. Silently, they found their horses. By the time Typhenous extinguished the fire with a jet of water, the corpses were mostly destroyed by the fire. The horses were herded by the summons, who ran behind the three adventurers as they travelled down the road.
Towards Invrisil, the City of Adventurers. It was their destination that they’d been heading to for about two weeks. They’d made a detour, taken well over a month to head east first—but now they were on the way.
It had been…wasted time. Time badly spent. And for adventurers, that was a problem.
Time was money. Also, money was money. Artifacts were money. Levels were money. In the end, they really just wanted money. Money, and fame, and levels, and power. That was why adventurers existed. Some lived for the glory of it, or the thrill, or even…because it was necessary and right to fight against monsters. But to most, it was a career choice.
This was Griffon Hunt’s perspective. They weren’t a rag-tag group of unlikely souls, like the Horns of Hammerad, united despite disparate motives. Nor were they the easy-going group of friends and outcasts like the Halfseekers. And they were certainly not altruistic heroes like the Silver Swords.
They were a team of co-workers who adventured for a living. And they had lost their leader, Ulrien. In Liscor, in a fight in an inn against a Named Adventurer who’d turned out to be a murderer, Regrika Blackpaw. They had lost him, and yet, they had also come away with a windfall from the dungeon.
A magical bow, the one Halrac now used. Treasure. Gold, and artifacts, ready to be sold! An adventurer’s dream.
And yet. Griffon Hunt could be said to be down on its luck. Even now. Like the Halfseekers, Griffon Hunt had been larger, once. And if they hadn’t been one of the top Gold-rank teams, somewhat famous north and south of Izril like the Halfseekers had been—they had been larger. Three times as large, almost. Respected for being one of the hunting teams who fought Griffins with…Griffons. Hunting dogs.
Now—they were this. They rode in silence. Halrac in a foul mood, and Revi and Typhenous knew why. Moreover—the two [Mages] exchanged glances. It was Revi, the [Summoner], whose magical apparitions were helping guide the rest of the horses, who brought it up.
“Um. Captain.”
Halrac turned his head.
“Don’t call me that.”
“Yes, boss. Leader. Uh—”
“Commander Everam.”
“Good one, Typh.”
