7.15 R
Page 41
“As you like. Let’s go tell the flatfoots we’re square. But for Grev, they’re good, upstanding folk.”
Typhenous had to smile at that.
“So are my people.”
 
—-
 
That night, after Eltistiman and Typhenous rejoined the party, everyone was celebrating. Revi relaxed as Typhenous gave his team the all-clear. They’d discuss it, but Eltistiman wasn’t holding a grudge.
For now, relax. Marvel, and enjoy meeting old friends. New strangers. The stars glowed in the sky and they glowed brighter in the inn, with the Players of Celum. And Griffon Hunt was rubbing shoulders with Invrisil’s most famous.
So famous, in fact, that even a Courier could barely get a spot at their inn. Lacel the Leaper, eating in a corner of the inn, nearly died when he saw Griffon Hunt eating in the center with the Players of Celum.
“You—you were able to reserve a spot at the inn too?”
The Courier, star of the saga with Lady Whatsherface and Lord Whomever stared weakly at Griffon Hunt. Revi blew a mocking kiss at him.
“How’s the run going?”
“I’m going to be travelling far tomorrow. It’s a risky run, but you know how it is…”
The Courier stared as Jasi listened to the entire thing with Lady Hetessana and Lord Bein. And he had a definite…sense of inferiority.
“I think I’ll retire early.”
He stood, and went up to his rooms—not the biggest suite in the inn—annoyed. Miffed. But the Courier did have a job to do, and so he went to his rooms.
He felt unusually tired. He’d had to deal with two [Thieves] trying to go for his bag of holding earlier today. It was an inconvenient request, for all Lady Hetessana was willing to pay. But he’d get the damn pendant there, or he wasn’t Lacel the Leaper…
The Courier practically fell into bed, clothes on. He was tired. He rolled himself into his sheets as, below, the Players of Celum and Griffon Hunt celebrated and talked.
The Courier was dozing, aware something was…off…when the door opened. He opened his eyes, wary, but exhausted. And he saw a figure slip into the room.
“No. How did you…”
Lacel the Leaper, Courier, tried to raise his head. But the sleeping draught was in full effect. He looked up—
And the [Bartender] smiled. Not Typhenous. Or Eltistiman. Just the [Bartender] no one stared twice at in the inn. She reached up and carefully adjusted her mask. She took it off and the artifact which had allowed her to mimic the actual [Bartender]’s face vanished.
“The Guild has a contract on your head, Lacel the Leaper. But don’t worry.”
“Please—”
The Courier tried to reach for any of his items. He was supposed to be safe here! But this wasn’t a regular gang member or [Thief]. How’d she infiltrate such an upstanding inn?
Wait. The Guild. The Courier looked up. And the [Assassin] bent.
“Don’t worry. It’s not your life we want. It’s a message. Magnolia Reinhardt holds no sway over us any longer. So—apologies. But consider this advertising.”
She carefully put a gag over the Courier’s mouth. He tried to scream, but the [Assassin]’s gag was enchanted. She reached into a bag of holding and pulled out…
A hammer. She adjusted Lacel on the bed.
“It’s not just about the pendant. I’m not taking it. When they find you—you can tell them it was the Guild. In fact, we’d prefer it. And the next day? You’ll send Lord Bein the pendant of your own will. Your run ends here. But don’t worry—we’ll make sure this isn’t permanent. Sorry, again. This may hurt.”
He stared as she took aim at his legs. And raised the hammer and brought it down.
 
—-
 
“Pst. Eltistiman. Did you see that?”
