7.15 R
Page 22
“Don’t point, love. It’s rude. Halrac. Revi, Typhenous. It’s been one hell of a year since we saw each other. Or…two? Closer to two, now.”
She nodded at them. Briganda was at once familiar—and different. The same woman who would unapologetically kick her teammates out of the way to use the bathroom—and a mother. But…Revi had known this.
“Briganda. And—it’s Cabe, right?”
“Cade.”
“Right, I knew that. Wow. He got big.”
Cade had been just a tiny boy when she’d seen him last. And he was still a boy. But now he talked.
“I’m Cade. Are you Mom’s friends? Why do you have that in your neck?”
He stared at them. Revi looked at the threads in her neck.
“Why don’t you?”
The boy stared at Revi with a slightly open mouth, trying to figure out what to say. Briganda sighed.
“Cade, I’m going to have a long talk with my team, okay? Can you sit and have fun?”
“Can I have—can I—can I get—the—the—box?”
The boy instantly grew excited. Briganda nodded. Smiling, she handed him a little…box. Revi saw it had hinges and it was clearly magical. Cade reached for it, and slowly, opened the lid.
A Dragon flew out. Cade and Revi’s eyes went round as the tiny Dragon flew around him. He instantly reached for it, missed—but the illusion perched on his hand. He petted at it, and Revi saw the Dragon’s head move. It had substance!
“Remember, no breaking the things that come out or you have to wait a long time for them to come back.”
Briganda cautioned Cade. He nodded slowly.
“Ah, a trick box. Or are they real? A Box of Simulacra. I saw a few on the market—but for practicing a war simulation, not entertainment. I can recharge the magic if it runs out.”
Typhenous chuckled as he stared at Cade stroking the Dragon’s head. Briganda sighed as Cade sat, oblivious to the world, playing with his magical toy.
“Don’t tell him that, or he’ll lose what caution he has. It cost me an arm and a leg to buy, but it was worth it. Nothing else keeps his attention when I’m working.”
“Briganda. It’s good to see you. And Cade. I’d…forgotten.”
Halrac’s voice was strained. Revi had too, although she hadn’t said it. Cade was Briganda’s child. She’d had him in the course of being an adventurer. Somehow, she hadn’t noticed until she was close to delivering him and then the [Healer] had advised her that it might complicate matters if she didn’t have him.
She’d decided to have Cade. And while travelling alongside Griffon Hunt, she’d kept Cade in the care of actual [Carers], [Nursemaids], and so on. Revi remembered seeing a young boy, but this one was different.
“Well, I’ve been Cade’s full-time mother. Mostly. He’s big enough to come along…sometimes. But it’s a hell of a thing. I almost miss the days he was just a baby.”
Briganda smiled tiredly. She nodded at Cade.
“I still can’t believe you never noticed you were pregnant.”
“I told you, I thought I was getting fat. And being a [Fighter] means I don’t have as many symptoms. Well, I never puked in the mornings. Best part of my class.”
The woman shrugged. Revi wanted to roll her eyes, but—Briganda all over again. She’d walk into a trap Casielle had set five minutes ago if you let her.
“…Thanks for meeting us. We weren’t sure you’d agree.”
Halrac seemed to decide he was going to stay on track. He nodded at Briganda. She smiled, but…reserved. She looked Halrac up and down, and then nodded at Revi and Typhenous. She was the original part of Griffon Hunt, though. And so she spoke mainly to him.
“I owed it to you to speak, even if it was just about Ulrien. Named-rank, huh?”
“Yes.”
Halrac’s brow darkened. Briganda reached out and grasped his shoulder.
