7.15 R
Page 45
Halrac drew an arrow and loosed it. The invisible missile sped through the air. Revi saw it detonate.
A flash of flame. From afar, the giant golem appeared. It was made of…flesh. A giant, humanoid figure, walking slowly. Huge stitch-marks were visible. But from afar, Revi could see hair. Arms—what had been bodies. And yes, staring faces.
“The Blighted Kingdom preserve us. What is that? Who made it?”
The thing lumbered at the city. For one purpose. Briganda whispered. Halrac loosed another arrow. Another magical arrowhead exploded.
The thing didn’t even stagger. It just walked through the fire that scorched it. A monster made of—
“Bring it down! As Watch Captain, I am ordering you to join the fight!”
A man was bellowing at the Adventurers. People were blowing horns and the Watch was aiming longbows, wands. But the giant creation was impossibly big. The Gold-rank teams looked at each other. They beheld a monstrosity. So they did what adventurers do.
 
—-
 
“Griffon Hunt, forwards!”
Halrac bellowed. His team raced out of Invrisil’s gates, staring up at the huge Flesh Golem. Revi’s glowing warriors raced past her, without fear. But the [Summoner] was afraid.
This wasn’t a Gold-rank threat. It was massive. It could step over the walls and destroy the city if it wasn’t stopped. Her team couldn’t hope to halt it alone; even at full-strength they would have balked at a fight like this.
But they were not alone. More voices bellowed.
“Elites, get fucking ready for a fight! On me!”
Todi strode forwards with his team. Jewel and the Glitterblades raced left.
“We’re flanking it!”
“[Chain Lightning] outgoing! Brace!”
Someone howled from the walls. The adventurers racing below, especially those in armor, ducked. And lightning lit up the night. A Gold-rank team of [Mages] threw lightning and then fire, blasting at the giant colossus.
“Set up a firing spot here! Wailbows, with me—”
“Don’t get near the feet! It’ll crush you!”
“I’m setting up barriers at the gates—cover me—”
Hundreds of adventurers. Gold-rank teams, and Silver-rank teams streamed out the gates. It was like the battle against Crelers. But on a larger scale.
This was the City of Adventurers, Invrisil. And the adventurers lit up the night.
“With me. We’re attacking it from the side.”
Halrac ordered his team left. He drew and loosed in a single motion.
“[Piercing Shot].”
His arrow embedded itself in the flesh-giant’s side, detonated. A bloom of light tore a chunk out of its body. But it was—solid. And it wasn’t a living thing. It stopped, swiping down at the adventurers racing around it. But they dodged.
“It’s got no mobility!”
“It’s solid the entire way through, though! We have to stop it before it gets to the city!”
Revi and Briganda shouted at each other. The colossus’ target was the city; it only attacked those around it, and it kept walking, slowly, crushing ground and everything else in its way.
“Typhenous, use [Valmira’s Comets]. Revi—advance! Send your summoned warriors forwards!”
Revi pointed. Her glowing warriors ran forwards, slashing at the giant’s legs, dodging back. Briganda stared up as Halrac loosed another arrow.
“Engage the legs! Don’t block each other!”
A Gold-rank warrior with an axe cleaved through hardened flesh. But the Golem didn’t even react. Revi shot a bolt of fire and watched it scorch flesh, but—it was so big.
“It’s not going down! It’s—”
“Take down the legs!”
Halrac bellowed at the other teams lighting up the skies with spells. Some heard him and began aiming lower, but there were adventurers in the way.
“Comet outgoing! Dodge!”
