7.15 R
Page 32
“Young man. I’m no flatfoot or outsider. I’ve run with more gangs than you’ve seen. If I come to this city, people know that I’m neither flash nor builder or viner or whatever low-scores you’ve seen. I’m all score—when I care to be. And no one takes me for a loop.”
Silence. Halrac and Revi stared at Typhenous. The [Gang Leader]’s face was pale as the dagger hovered right in his ear canal; he was trying not to breathe.
“Shitrats, he’s got the boss!”
A girl exclaimed. She had a sling, but she was staring at Typhenous. The rest of the gangs stared too.
“Who’re you, old man?”
The [Gang Leader] whispered. He stared at Typhenous. And the old man answered.
“If you did your work, young man, you’d know the name and the face. I run with Gold-ranks now. Respectable. And this is a favor, all straight and above-board. But if you have to ask—they call me Typhenous. The Plague Mage.”
There was a murmur at this. The [Gang Leader] cast his eyes sideways—the boy who’d recognized Typhenous from his name was waving his hands. Wide-eyed. Revi looked around.
“Let’s try this again. Apologies for the grab; I just feel it pays to make an impression.”
Typhenous let go, sheathing the dagger. The young man stumbled backwards, feeling at his ear. He stared at Typhenous. He laughed, shakily.
“Dead fucking gods, old man! You just had to say your name and we’d’ve changed our tune!”
The Plague Mage smiled. He went back to his lugubrious, innocent manner of speech.
“Ah, but if you were trying to…trick us, that would have been pertinent information. A gang without manners can’t be trusted whoever they deal with.”
“And if we’d been false?”
One of the younger members queried. She looked worried; Revi noticed all the weapons were disappearing, rather quickly. And the kids were backing up from Typhenous.
The Plague Mage. His eyes twinkled. And then stopped shining.
“Well, you know what happens next. I’m willing to pay for a meeting, by all means. At a reasonable rate. But convey to anyone you meet, please, that I’m serious. I’d hate to pay for topsoil.”
The [Gang Leader]’s face paled. His gang members murmured and drew back further. Revi heard Typhenous’ title repeated.
The Plague Mage. She hadn’t given it much thought. Adventurers got nicknames—the Named Ranks all got them. But there was clearly some significance in this world to a name too. And Typhenous had one.
“—We’ll put out some fingers. We have met Grev. We’re not sewn together, but we can get you to him.”
The [Gang Leader] replied after a long break. Typhenous smiled.
“Good. Tell him we’re friends. Griffon Hunt.”
“Right, right. Be one sec. I’ll get my best [Finders] on it. And get you an escort…”
The young man backed up fast. He began ordering his gang around and Typhenous turned to his team. He smiled as they gave him a look akin the other ones he was getting from everyone else.
“As I said. Nothing to worry about. It’s all about how you present yourself.”
Halrac glowered. But he kept his mouth shut until the gang dispersed. The same urchin they’d first met pointed. And his tone was far more respectful as twelve of his fellow members moved out ahead of him, down the alleyway.
“We gotta make some other meetings, Mister Typhenous. Make some palms shine. This way.”
He led the team out of the gang’s hideout. When they were out on the street, the gang began pointing them further into the city. Typhenous nodded for them to lead the way. Only then did Halrac confront him.
“What was that?”
