7.15 R
Page 19
“What, a year? Yeah. But like I kept telling you—artifacts. Bug out if it gets hot. None of your ‘kill em even if you die’ crap. That’s how your team got blacklisted in the north.”
Ears perked up. Jewel hesitated.
“What’s this now?”
“Ah, well, Griffon Hunt used to be the Griffin-slaying team. But during that migration of the things a few years back? Things got out of control and there was a plague—”
“You mean—the Griffin-plague a year and a half back?”
Halrac’s eyes narrowed.
“You can catch them up later, Todi. Why are you here? I thought you operated around First Landing because the contracts were bigger.”
The other man’s eyebrows rose as he swallowed his drink.
“You mean you don’t know? Have you been on the road the last few days?”
“That’s road, Toady. What’s the news?”
Revi smiled as Todi glared at her.
“She’s got a mouth on her, this one. You really—hey! Where’s the Wyvern bounty?”
A few Gold-ranks pointed. Todi adjusted a ring on his finger, flicked his wrist. A bounty flew across the room and he caught the paper.
“Feast your eyes—”
He showed Griffon Hunt the bounty. The team read in silence. Revi choked on her drink.
“Two thousand gold pieces per Wyvern head!? Eighty thousand for—”
“This can’t be real. It’s a prank.”
Halrac tossed the paper down. Todi waved a finger.
“Not so fast. Do you think I’d be here if it was fake? They confirmed it. It’s real. Someone sent the gold to First Landing’s Adventurer’s Guild. Remotely. Via spell transfer.”
“Impossible. There’s no way that’s cost-efficient. Someone must be making some move politically. One of the Walled Cities? But why?”
Typhenous’ eyes narrowed as he tried to consider it. Halrac just stared. Revi gulped. They’d gotten a huge haul from their treasure in Liscor’s dungeon, even split three ways. But 80,000 gold pieces put all that to shame. That—you could think about being a Named-rank adventurers if you had that much gold to outfit yourself with. Or buy one serious artifact.
“And the regular Wyverns are made of gold. Tell you the truth, I thought it was all shit. Like the ‘Golden Goblin’ rumors, you know? But since it’s real—I’m cashing in. I bet you wish you’d stayed at Liscor.”
“It’s the High Passes. Not exactly safe.”
Halrac muttered. Todi just laughed.
“I’ve heard that! But as far as I’m concerned, it’s a race to the High Passes and my team moves out tonight! You want to join in, we can team up. But otherwise, we’ll be taking Wyvern kills. Sorry about Ulrien, again.”
He slapped the table and stood. Halrac murmured a goodbye.
“That guy was made of a donkey and a mule’s ass.”
Revi glared at his back. Jewel snorted.
“Sorry. Is he like that…?”
She glanced at Halrac. The [Scout] focused on her.
“Not all teams. Todi’s just the loudest. Ignore him—except when he’s working. He earned Gold-rank.”
“What’s your thought on the Wyverns? As anti-air specialists.”
Another Gold-rank adventurer chimed in, a solo [Mage]. He wanted to chat now the loud adventurer was gone. Halrac pursed his lips and Typhenous and Revi paused. He was the expert; some might be reluctant to give their opinions, but it depended on the adventurer.
“I’d weigh it against your team. We’re understaffed to hunt Griffins or Wyverns.”
“Even as a group of three?”
Jewel was dismayed. Halrac looked at her.
“They need at least four, preferably five. Monsters that large can kill even someone with artifacts if you don’t anticipate the attacks. A Wyvern drops on their prey. And they weigh…”
The other Gold-ranks murmured.
“Can’t you just shoot them in the eyes? I saw that Antinium-thing doing it.”
