7.15 R
Page 28
It turned out to be harder than they thought. For one thing—while everyone knew where the Players of Celum were now located, the theatre, the Season Theatre, which sounded rather close to ‘Solstice’, or an homage of sorts, was guarded from anyone without a ticket.
And the [Actors] were secluded from their adoring public by guards on an inn which catered only to them. And not even a Gold-rank adventurer could get past the security.
“Everyone knows Miss Jasi or Mister Wesle. If they knew you, they’d say. And forget waiting about to ‘pretend’ to meet them. No exceptions!”
“But we’re in their plays! The Siege of Liscor? We’re Griffon Hunt!”
The man talking to them rolled his eyes.
“Yes, yes. Well done. I’ve heard most of the teams, and all the individuals. Good for memorizing the name—Griffon Hunt’s a four-person team, though.”
“No. It’s wasn’t—well, it was, but it wasn’t and now it is—but our teammate—”
Griffon Hunt stared as the bouncer slammed the door in their faces. And they’d done better than most to get to the door. Typhenous stroked his beard.
“Ah, a challenge.”
“If we can’t meet them, let’s just send a [Message] and wait.”
Halrac suggested. Typhenous looked askance.
“My dear Halrac.”
“Don’t call me dear anything.”
“Captain Everam, how many [Messages] do you think they get each day? Especially from people claiming to know them? No, we’ll get nowhere arguing. Or burning down the inn, Revi.”
The [Summoner] looked offended. She stowed the wand.
“I was just going to use a voice-amplifying spell and shout.”
“Soundproofed walls, Revi. No, we must find a better way to get in touch with them.”
“And you have a plan?”
Typhenous’ eyes glittered.
“As a matter of fact—I know someone who would recognize us. Someone I think we can find, if we know the right people. Follow me. And—be prepared to spend a few gold pieces, Halrac.”
The old [Plague Mage] smiled knowingly. Halrac and Revi looked at each other. But Typhenous, for all his habits, didn’t lie. To them, at least.
“Well, if it means entertainment—lead on. I was going to spend some of my gold on some fabric treatment tonight, but we’ll be here for a bit, right?”
Revi nodded; this sounded like fun, rather than work. Halrac was nodding, but caught himself. As they began to walk he looked at Revi.
“Like what, fabric softener…?”
“It’s like that oil you people rub into your skin, Halrac.”
“…Skin cream? I don’t use it.”
“I’ve noticed.”
The old man chuckled as Halrac sighed. Typhenous walked down the street, leaning on his staff. And he was old. Old enough to have white hair.
That meant he was a grandfather in Gold-rank teams. Few adventurers reached his age. And—fewer teams would risk taking someone like him with them. Typhenous didn’t look like he could outrun a charging Bicorn. And he probably couldn’t. He slept like a log, had slower reactions than his younger counterparts—
But he had survived this long on more than just reflexes. And it was his utility that had brought him to Griffon Hunt’s attention. It had been helpful in many ways.
And also—it had led to the Griffin plague. It had led to Erin’s door getting stolen. And then retrieved, but Revi had been bothered by the revelation.
Typhenous…had a past. Like everyone, but few people slept with a poisoned dagger on them at all times. And Typhenous, old though he might be, was a surprisingly good infighter if you weren’t watching out for him. And in times like this—
“So what are we doing, Typhenous?”
Halrac’s voice was suspicious. He folded his arms as Typhenous led them down the street, away from the inn. The old [Mage] was looking about.
