7.15 R
Page 11
“I almost hope someone gets him with an arrow. Almost. But I’m on Lady Hetessana’s side. I just can’t believe some arrogant [Lords].”
“Indeed. One fortunate enough to find such a [Lady]? Ah, but if I were ten…twenty years younger, I’d have tried courting her.”
Typhenous nodded sagely. Revi rolled her eyes. The adventurers ignored the people staring at them; they were used to being noticed. Indeed, Halrac heard an excited group at the north-eastern gates chattering ahead of them.
“Did you see that guy jump? That’s a Courier!”
“Is Ryoka a Courier?”
“No, she’s a City Runner. She’s got the wind, but she can’t do that. And that other guy? With the grumpy face? I told you! He’s got the Invisibow! He’s the Invisibow guy!”
The [Veteran Scout] turned his head and saw a group of young men and women chattering. He stared at them. Had he heard…?
“Invisibow. Hah!”
The [Summoner] nearly fell out of her saddle laughing. Typhenous hid a smile behind his hand.
“It’s er, a powerful artifact, Halrac. Useful, and it has an enchantment that propels arrows faster and further.”
“I know that. I’m just not used to it. I can’t see my arrows when I aim them.”
“You and your invisibow. Dead gods, that’s hilarious. Let’s hope it has another feature when we get it appraised.”
Revi sniggered. Halrac rubbed at his forehead.
“Revi. Did you hear them say…‘Ryoka’ just now?”
The Stitch-Girl stopped laughing. She sat up and glanced at the young people. From Earth.
“I heard it.”
Typhenous regarded the Earthers, but only with idle curiosity. He didn’t know who they were. And nor did they know who he was—they were staring at Revi’s stitches next, exclaiming over them.
“Hm. Maybe she knows them.”
Halrac paused. But he had gotten no communication about Ryoka. Nor about the Earthers. Because Erin hadn’t contacted Griffon Hunt. The Silver Swords, yes. The Horns of Hammerad, yes, to find Ryoka.
But not Griffon Hunt. They had a connection with Ryoka. After all—Regrika Blackpaw had come for Ryoka. And they might not know it, but Erin did. And so did Ryoka. Enough. Enough had been asked of them.
So the young people from Earth and Griffon Hunt passed each other by. The adventurers got to the gates.
“Adventurers?”
“Yes. Griffon Hunt. Gold-rank.”
The [Guards] eyed the adventurers a second time when they heard that. And the horses. But they directed the Gold-rank team into the city and pointed them to a stables—within a stone’s throw from the outer walls. Halrac, Revi, and Typhenous entered Invrisil, the City of Adventurers. Normally, orderly. And then they got to work.
 
—-
 
“We’re here. I’ll send a Street Runner to find Briganda. We’ll meet at the Adventurer’s Guild in an hour if she’s able. I’ll also send a note to…hold on. What’s his name again?”
“Er—the [Enchanter]? Hedault, I think.”
Halrac snapped his fingers.
“Yes, him. We’ll ask if he can fit us into his schedule to appraise what we have and sell everything off. It might take a few days.”
“Or weeks.”
Revi sighed. Halrac shrugged. They were standing with the horses lined up outside the stables. A [Hostler] was waiting for them. Revi and Typhenous were standing in conference.
“I’ll let him know we have something he wants. He’s generally interested in…”
Halrac nodded to the bag of holding he had Griffon Hunt’s share of the treasure in. Revi nodded.
“Man, I hate that guy. He cannot take a joke.”
Her teammates looked at her. Typhenous coughed and Halrac nodded.
“Good point. Revi doesn’t have to come with us when we get everything appraised.”
The Stitch-Girl scowled.
“Thanks, Commander Everam.”
