7.15 R
Page 16
“Once or twice. It was a look. But I grew tired of it. You hear way too much. And frankly—you can make them look awful if you mess them up. And you know, Alterkind—”
Revi laughed and nodded. There were people who didn’t look like ‘normal’ Stitch-People. Like Humans. Some looked like Drakes, or other species until you stared really close. And some were more…experimental still. Sometimes it could be awful.
But mostly it was just a phase for young String People. In some Stitch-Nations it was considered profane, disgusting. But most were tolerant of low-level alterations.
“Well, now that you’ve thoroughly uncovered my secrets, do you want that massage?”
“I mean, sure. I don’t have any pain, though. I could always re-stuff myself. What…ow! Hey!”
Revi felt a sharp ache appear in her shoulders. She looked over.
“What are you doing?”
“Inducing muscular pain, Miss Revi. It will only be for a moment. And then—”
“Oh. Wow.”
The adventurer sighed as Dewlana began kneading her back hard. She’d induced the pain such that she was now hitting it perfectly. Revi sighed as she felt herself relaxing. And it was better than not having the massage at all.
“That’s so brilliant.”
“It is a hit. The only problem I have are with Humans—mostly Humans—who come in and expect something more than a massage.”
Revi rolled her eyes.
“And you look amazing. I love your stitches. Is the dark skin…?”
“I didn’t change skin colors.”
Revi nodded. They both had darker skin tones than Izrilians. Dewlana sighed.
“It is a problem. Human women always ask me what ointments I’m using.”
Both Revi and Dewlana laughed at the thought. Then Dewlana sighed.
“And I can’t but sit at a Human bar without men falling over themselves.”
“Appearances. They can’t change. I feel it. At least my two teammates don’t have that problem, much. But I’m not exactly changing my appearance for flirting, you know?”
If appearance mattered for Humans and other species…it didn’t as much for Stitch-People. They were the most looks-focused species in the world, and yet, they understood change was only a stitch away.
“Maybe you should sew on some regular cotton. Pretend you’re ordinary, find a good fellow, and then show him what you’re made of. Put on the cat ears when you do.”
Dewlana nearly laughed her own stitches off. By the time the forty minutes were done, Revi felt refreshed, restrung, and good. The silk threads were not cheap, but she felt like they were adding to her structure. And if she could someday pay for a silk body?
…Well, she was attached to her cotton. And that was a struggle many had. Before Revi left, she leaned forwards and whispered to Dewlana.
“Silk body, cotton heart. Keep it together.”
“You too, sister.”
The two parted, smiling. Revi stretched in the sunlight. She smiled. Then her smile slipped.
“Aw. Moths. Now we have to meet the old crew.”
She sighed. If meeting Briganda was as bad as Elm, she’d splurge on a nice, new…arm? Silk? Ooh, it might not match, but imagine how that would feel? Revi converted herself as she went to settle old debts.
After all—it was Typhenous and her fault that Griffon Hunt had split up. Mostly Typhenous’ fault.
But hers too.
 
—-
 
The door to the Adventurer’s Guild swung open and Halrac stepped into the room. He was followed by Revi and Typhenous.
The adventurers in the vast, rather plush Guild that was one of, if not the largest in the continent looked up. Some stood at queues at desks tended to by receptionists, others were clustered around the bulletin boards listing bounties.
