7.15 R
Page 25
“Some of my armor’s worn down, but my magical gear’s all here. I had to pawn a ring, but that’s all. And I’ve leveled once. That’s my best sell. I’d like to rejoin, honestly. Casielle might too, although he has good work. He’ll take the money, at least. Thank you for that. Honestly. No hard feelings either way.”
She nodded at them and then urged Cade to a distant table. Halrac watched her go. And Revi?
She was shaken. A bit. That had sounded a bit like desperation in Briganda’s voice. Revi wanted to remind her she was getting six thousand gold either way. You could live on that! Not like Revi liked to, but still.
“Thoughts?”
Halrac looked at his teammates. Typhenous was peering at Cade. He made a face as the boy stared and Cade laughed. The old man turned to Halrac, smiling, and then replied.
“If you want to decline, don’t wait to do so.”
Cold. Revi stared at him.
“We can’t turn Briganda down! Didn’t you hear…?”
“The road’s no place for a child.”
Halrac sounded uncertain. Typhenous shrugged.
“It’s certainly dangerous. But it’s your choice, Halrac. Briganda isn’t irreplaceable. But she is a good woman. Still—impartially, I can argue both against and for her. Cade will slow us down. And we might be unable to take some contracts. He might be put in danger inadvertently and put us all at risk. That is motherhood, and Briganda is a mother.”
He looked at Halrac. Revi opened her mouth. But Briganda was a teammate!
And yet—there was no room for hesitation or distraction fighting monsters. She paused. Halrac closed his eyes.
“Arguments for?”
“She knows our tactics. She’s got a powerful one-off Skill, and she’s got gear, she’s giving us four thousand back—if we assume we give money to Casielle, but not to Elm that’s…how much is it, Typhenous?”
“We’re estimating our money at around 35,000 when appraised. Hedault will give us a clearer number, but assuming that’s true, we will have 27,000 gold pieces to work with. If Briganda joins us. 23,000 if not.”
And that was a large number. If they paid out to all three…they’d be spending nearly half of the dungeon haul. But this wasn’t about just that. It was about…Revi looked pleadingly at Halrac.
The [Scout] paused. He closed his eyes. He glared—opened his gaze and looked at his teammates.
“Fine. I’ve made my choice. First off, I don’t like being Captain. Ulrien was better at this than I was.”
Revi half-smiled, but she waited, nervous. Typhenous steepled his fingers. Halrac went on.
“Briganda’s everything you two said. I know her. The issue with her child is new. I don’t like putting people at risk and sometimes we can’t protect ourselves. So—the answer is no.”
The Stitch-Girl’s face fell. She stared at Halrac as he motioned Briganda over. He delivered the news and she nodded, heavily.
“Any chance I can change your mind?”
“No. Sorry, Briganda, but your son’s a risk.”
“I am?”
Cade looked at Halrac. The [Scout]’s expression didn’t change. He flicked his gaze to Briganda.
“It’s my decision. Our team is probably going to hunt Wyverns. But the High Passes—there’s nowhere safe anywhere around the mountains. At all. You know that. And there aren’t any big bounties I know of, anywhere else. We’re going to try and increase our funds with that—and we can gear up, maybe take temporary help. Once that’s done, if you’re still in the area—we can talk.”
Briganda had been nodding. She stirred. Revi looked at Halrac.
“Wait—but you said—”
“We can work with Briganda on a…provisional basis. We’ll look at what we’re taking on. If we think we can get there, Briganda can join us. Otherwise…no.”
