7.15 R
Page 48
The crowds parted. One of the Adventurer’s Guild staff hurried forwards.
“Here. Adventurer Everam—”
“What was that?”
The man with the Adventurer’s Guild copy of the bestiary hesitated. He held the pages open.
“It—looked like a Flesh Golem. A variant, at least. But the scale of it—”
“Do you have any information on what could make that? How it exists?”
“No, Adventurer—but—”
Halrac pushed him aside. The [Scout] whirled.
“Damn.”
“Are we going with Todi, Halrac? We can catch up. We’re not letting whatever made that slide, right? If it was a [Necromancer] or…”
Revi was shuddering. She wanted to take out her eyes and nose. But she couldn’t remove her brain, the memory of it. Halrac paused.
“We lack information. Whatever made that had to be Level 40 at the minimum. Level 50—if it was a monster of some kind, a spell?”
He paused.
“Hold on. We have another source of information. Typhenous. Cast a spell.”
“Which one?”
The old [Mage] was panting, sipping from a mana potion. Halrac paused.
“Send it to Terandria. The Hunter’s Guild.”
Typhenous paused.
“I don’t know their location. I’d have to look it up—”
Instantly, Halrac and Briganda turned.
“[Mage]! We need a message-[Mage] now! Mage’s Guild!”
It took them only a moment to get one of the [Mages] normally on duty. The man was frazzled, panting; he’d participated in the battle.
“Adventurers, what can I do for—”
Halrac interrupted him.
“Halrac Everam. Griffon Hunt. To Terandria’s Guild of Hunters. Kingdom of Shade. I don’t remember the name. I need to send a [Message] now, asking for information.”
“Er…Noelictus?”
Halrac looked at Briganda. She nodded.
“Noelictus. Send it to their people. Top priority! They have a [Mage] who can receive. Tell them we need to know what that was. Ask for Cassielle.”
“I’d have to run that by the Guildmaster if it’s top priority—”
The man hesitated. Halrac grabbed him.
“Do it now.”
The [Scout] never shouted, normally. Or raised his voice or changed expression. The [Mage] stared at Halrac the Grim and raised a finger to his temple.
“I have them. One moment. Sending details. Please speak a description of the monster.”
The adventurers spoke over each other.
“Giant—made of flesh—”
“I detected magic from the stitches, which refused to burn—”
“Faces. It was made of faces and arms—someone took apart people and stitched—”
“Fifty feet tall. Solid flesh interior. Enchantment didn’t break until it was nearly completely destroyed.”
The [Mage] tried to send it all. He closed his eyes, reaching for a piece of paper. Revi saw him pause. And his voice became flat, inflectionless.
“Response incoming. Priority to Halrac Everam.”
He wrote, mechanically, on the piece of paper. And then he unfocused. The man slowly handed the paper to Halrac. Revi crowded around with her team. They read. Revi felt her stitches grow cold. The message was short. And it read as followed:
 
Flesh-Giant confirmed as work of Belavierr, [Stitch Witch]. Aliases—the Spider, the Weaver of Terandria. Threadstealer. Max bounty in excess of 60,000 gold pieces. Named-rank threat. Currently not advised to pursue.
 
And below that, another message, more personal.
 
She killed a team of elite [Hunters] and a [Knight]. Equivalent to a Named Adventurer and a Named-rank team. Stay away from her.
–Cassielle
 
“The Stitch-Witch?”
Revi felt her threads moving. The name sounded familiar. But…she looked up.
“A Named-rank threat? She killed…”
Briganda paled. She looked at Typhenous. The [Mage] had gone dead white. He looked at his team.
“I’ve heard of Threadstealer. Whispers. I’d rather cross the Assassin’s Guild than her.”
