7.15 R
Page 21
“Two things. Firstly, we may not see them here, but there’s a Named Adventurer in the city.”
“Who?”
“Elia Arcsinger herself. The Goblin King Slayer.”
Halrac and Revi both blinked.
“You mean, the—”
“She was the one who helped rout the Goblins in the Dwarfhalls Rest mountain, wasn’t she?”
“Exactly. Her contract expired, but she hasn’t left for the north. Apparently, she and her team have been living it up.”
“Can we meet her? I mean—wait, is her team Named?”
“Just her. And I’m sorry to say that she’s reclusive. I doubt she’d be drinking with Todi.”
The Stitch-Girl nodded, disappointed but understanding. Named-rank adventurers and teams were another level, even with Gold-ranks. Halrac eyed Typhenous.
“What’s the last bit of news? The thing you went out to find? Out with it.”
Typhenous spread his arms, smiling.
“It appears the Players of Celum have arrived at Invrisil. They’re putting on plays in a theatre—and they are the most coveted and famous thing in Invrisil right now.”
The two adventurers stared. And then Revi sat back and laughed. Heads turned as Revi exclaimed.
“No way. That’s incredible! And are they—”
“Jasi and Wesle, the two star [Actors] on stage. I did check. It’s impossible to get a ticket to their shows without waiting for weeks in advance, and apparently, some of the nobility have invited them to do personal performances. The Players of Celum…declined and so the nobility are coming here.”
The [Mage]’s eyes glittered with amusement and delight. Revi was delighted. Even Halrac had a faint smile.
“We have to meet them! I remember Wesle and Jasi! I think! One of them’s a Drake, right?”
Typhenous was nodding.
“We can look into it afterwards. It may be hard to even see them, much less get face-to-face. Apparently, they’re so popular they generate crowds. There was this other acting troupe, but apparently they’ve been disbanded because they were so…inferior. A few have joined the Players, and they’re currently performing almost constantly. They have over a hundred—”
Halrac’s head turned. The [Scout] held out a hand.
“Wait on that, Typhenous. She’s here.”
Griffon Hunt stopped. Revi looked up. And she saw a woman, Human, scarred from a life of battle, in her late thirties, making her way over to them.
A [Shield Maiden]. She wasn’t as burly as Ulrien had been, but she did have muscle. And she had a stocky build, and Revi knew she could block a charging bull—or Griffin. Once. But even without her Skills, Briganda was tough. She’d split more monster’s heads with the enchanted hatchet she carried than Revi could count. That same hand was now leading a little toddler…past the tables…
The team stared. Briganda halted and stared at them. She looked—shocked. Revi felt almost as shocked, seeing her.
That bad night, when Griffon Hunt had disbanded, they’d all parted ways. Now, it was painful to see the old teammates again, especially because she and Typhenous were outsiders. But—
There was also the kid. Briganda smiled after a second. She had violet in her hair. Violet, mixed with brown—a hereditary trait from some magic in her ancestry.
“Here you go. Up!”
She lifted the little boy up. Revi saw a young, young boy, flesh and blood and big eyes, staring at her. He had a head of dark violet hair, deeper than Briganda’s, fair skin—he looked like his mother. He stared at her, wide-eyed. He couldn’t have been more than…four?
“Mom. She has threads in her face.”
He instantly pointed at Revi’s face. The Stitch-Girl blinked. Briganda sighed, affectionately, as she pulled out a chair.
