7.15 R
Page 43
“Yes. Dead gods, I’ll have to tell Emme and the others. They’re in danger. Not that many hate them, but if Reinhart really has lost control over the Guild—I wouldn’t want to be a Runner. She’s kept them off the Runner’s Guild, but this? A Courier?”
He gestured at Lacel. Halrac shouted.
“Typhenous! Who was that?”
“It was the Assassin’s Guild, Halrac. They accepted the bounty on Lacel. No—they did this just to prove they’re willing to accept contracts on Runners, now. And that they’ll operate in Invrisil. We just walked into a massive incident.”
Typhenous sat in a chair. Halrac and Revi and Briganda stared at him. The [Shield Maiden] paled. She looked towards the door, where Cade was slumbering, having fallen asleep early in the night.
“The Assassin’s…?”
“You don’t want to cross them. They have many members. And—well, they used to be under Magnolia Reinhart’s control, or at least, she dictated who they didn’t go after. No longer. I heard rumors…”
The two [Mages] were conferring. Revi just looked at Lacel the Leaper.
A message. She reached for his gag. The Courier inhaled as Revi removed the enchanted cloth. And then he began to scream.
 
—-
 
A real drama took place in the Player’s inn that night. The infallibility of Couriers and Magnolia Reinhart’s will was questioned. The [Actors] and staff gathered to see Lacel being brought out of the inn to a [Healer], screaming. He still had the pendant. But his legs were broken and words raced through the city like fire. Dark, frightening flames, like whispers.
The Guild of Assassins. And Magnolia Reinhart’s power was questioned yet again.
That was not the only news that put a dampener on the night. Halrac sat in the inn, drinking with the worried people around him. Now, the [Actors] weren’t stars, just ordinary people. And the Gold-rank adventurer was the one who thought about the [Assassin]. The one who could fight.
But even Gold-ranks didn’t cross the Guild of Assassins. Halrac drank, and glowered. And he had worse news. His face went still as his team sat with him. Briganda was soothing Cade as she talked. He was upset by the screaming and what he hadn’t understood. The mood of the adults. He was falling asleep thanks to a sleeping tincture, very mild.
“I’m sorry, Halrac. I kept an ear out. I did—but it was way back. I thought you might have heard…”
“I don’t get—word from there often. It’s been a long time since I was there. When was it?”
“During the Goblin Lord’s attacks. It was raids from the mountain that did it. I’m sorry. Windrest is gone.”
“That’s where you grew up, wasn’t it, Halrac?”
Revi looked at the [Veteran Scout]. His face was still.
“Yes. It’s a small village. If the Goblins were raiding…they’d have been unable to hire enough adventurers to fight them off.”
“It was fast. I heard most escaped. But there was that, and the fires. They say Drakes started them. That’s the rumor I heard. Even if you’d been at Invrisil and heard about it, you probably wouldn’t have reached them in time.”
Briganda looked at Halrac. His face never moved.
“I know that. The survivors. Where are they? Are there any…?”
He paused. Briganda nodded quickly.
“I think a lot of them did live. Halrac, they’re all at Riverfarm.”
“Riverfarm?”
The man stirred. He blinked at Briganda. She nodded.
“Apparently, they all joined the Unseen Empire. That’s what they’re calling it. Some powerful noble—they say an actual [Emperor]—is there.”
“An [Emperor] in Izril? Get out of here.”
Revi snorted. But softly. Briganda shook her head.
