7.15 R
Page 20
“Sure. And if you miss, you’re flatbread. With jam.”
Revi snorted. The Gold-ranks quieted. Halrac nodded.
“The real trick is that the High Passes have other threats. Eater Goats. Gargoyles. Worse monsters. You’ll be under attack while you’re staring up at the skies. And Eater Goats can sneak up on even Named Ranks at night and eat you as you sleep.”
The other adventurers sighed, or shook their heads. A few more were chatting as Halrac gave them tips. Jewel was nodding to him, looking grateful.
“We’ll invest in protective gear, or spells if we hunt them. More than we do normally, I mean. We were worried it was some kind of trick—maybe the Drakes want us to die in the High Passes, but if the gold’s there…thank you for the advice. We don’t get it from most of the teams we meet.”
She shot a glare at Todi’s back. Another solo Gold-rank adventurer nodded.
“It’s nothing. We’re all just sharing tips, and making our gold one monster at a time.”
Revi was feeling generous. It was Typhenous who stroked his beard and nodded around.
“We may work together in the future. It’s good to meet young people in the Gold-ranks.”
That was exactly it. You built connections in case you needed a hand. And in fact—Halrac paused.
“Actually, we’re looking for new Gold-ranks. My team’s meeting an old comrade, but do you know anyone who’s looking for a team?”
The other adventurers glanced at each other. Now, here was a common and uncommon offer. Join a new team. It was tricky, fitting adventurers together who ‘worked’. Many preferred to work alone or changed teams often for that reason.
“Who’s you looking for? I’m a [Hammerer]. And don’t let the class fool you; I’ve consolidated twice. Can I ask about shares and so on? Also, what’s your focus?”
“We’re equal share.”
Revi eyed the bald man who spoke up first. Halrac paused.
“We don’t have a set target in mind, but we do specialize in Griffins.”
The Gold-rank made a face.
“Eh. I haven’t fought ‘em, but I’d be willing to learn. But—I’m looking for a group to fight Wyverns, not much else. There’s pure gold there. If you’re heading south, give me a shout. Otherwise…some other time?”
“Of course.”
A few more adventurers came over to test the waters. Revi had only a good feeling about one of them, a young woman who was just new to Gold-rank with a smile. She was a throwing expert.
“She was nice. Good, long-range—if we get Briganda with us, we could get her and another shield-person.”
Halrac shrugged, reserving judgment as always. It was Typhenous who leaned over. And the old [Mage]’s face was serious.
“No.”
His teammates looked at him.
“No?”
Halrac frowned. Typhenous eyed the young woman’s back.
“She’s…a [Murderer]. Not just an adventurer. That young lady? She’s killed more people than I have.”
Revi and Halrac looked at Typhenous. The old [Mage] did have his wide and often eclectic sources of information, but Revi had to call him out on this one.
“How do you know that, Typh? And don’t tell me it’s a Skill or something.”
“Hardly. I’m no [Arbiter] or…I was inquiring after the state of affairs in Invrisil. Obviously I asked about people of interest. That young lady is known. She has a history—she’s gone clean now, but she had to pay off a substantial bounty. And that was the one she was convicted of.”
The [Scout] paused.
“Definitely not, then.”
“Humans. You think you know someone…”
Revi shuddered as she stared after the young woman. She turned back to Typhenous.
“Anything else you want to share before I shake another monster’s hands?”
The old man smiled.
