7.15 R
Page 49
Griffon Hunt looked around. And it was on their leader that they settled. Halrac looked at the note. He silently handed it back to the [Mage].
“Give this to Guildmaster Tealve. Now. I don’t care who he’s talking to. Give this to him. And tell him the adventurers are in pursuit of the Stitch Witch.”
“Yes, Adventurer—”
Halrac pushed him. The [Mage] turned and ran. Halrac turned. He checked his quiver.
“Briganda, get us three horses. You’re not coming.”
“Halrac!”
The woman exclaimed. Revi started. She looked at Halrac.
“We’re going?”
The man looked at her.
“Todi’s headed straight for her. We have to stop him and the teams who went with them. There are at least eight Gold-rank team’s worth and many Silver-ranks. Briganda, the horses. Move.”
Revi turned to the east. Where no one had raised the alarm over the flesh-giant. And she heard it in Halrac’s voice. They weren’t going to reinforce the other teams.
They were going to prevent a slaughter. Griffon Hunt found four horses waiting for them. They leapt into the saddles and raced out of the city gates, east, pursuing the adventurers who’d rushed to find the perpetrator of this monstrosity.
Briganda refused to stay back. And there was no time to argue. They galloped their horses, as [Messages] were sent, ordering Todi and the others to retreat. But Griffon Hunt went in person. Hoping to catch the other adventurers.
They arrived too late.
 
—-
 
In a lonely village stood a woman. She was tall. And her clothes were dark blue, almost black. Like the abyssal depths of the deepest seas. Her hat was pointed. And her eyes were orange, ringed.
She stood still. Like a statue. In the darkest hour before dawn.
The witching hour. Belavierr, the Stitch Witch, didn’t move as the adventurers found her.
In wrath and vengeance. Righteous fury. They surrounded the village. Saw her standing there.
The houses were empty. Not a light flickered in the windows. And no one lived in this village. They should have. It was close to Invrisil.
But it had been emptied. Now, the Stitch Witch waited. She ignored the man roaring his furious questions at her. The adventurers shouting. Her gaze was absent. Far away. The shadows crawled around her, on her dress. And the fury of the adventurers turned cold. They felt a chill that had nothing to do with the warm air.
“Did you do this?”
Todi didn’t know why his voice was shaking. He didn’t hear Griffon Hunt, racing towards the village, shouting at him. The woman in the black dress, the [Witch], seemed to hear at last.
Her head turned. It twisted. She looked at him sideways, and her eyes shone. The rings seemed to draw him in. Todi’s mouth went dry.
“I said—put up your hands. You’re surrounded.”
Multiple teams of adventurers stared at the woman. They hesitated.
“Todi—my [Dangersense] is screaming. It wasn’t going off a second ago. Now it’s—”
One of his teammates whispered. She had gone white. Todi realized the truth. Too late. The [Witch] slowly took a step forwards. The air…groaned. The shadows seemed to nip at the adventurer’s heels.
And the [Witch] whispered.
“Yes.”
Just that word. Nothing more. The mortal adventurers stared at her. They searched for the fury they had felt a second ago. But it was extinguished. Slowly, Todi aimed his wand at Belavierr’s face. He saw her lips move, into a wide smile.
The adventurers attacked as one as Griffon Hunt raced into the village. Revi saw arrows flying at the figure. Jewel unsheathed her blade and charged.
“[Fireball].”
