7.15 R
Page 39
After all, the Siege of Liscor was a play they put on and Griffon Hunt was a part of it. Revi nearly sprayed her drink all over Cade and Briganda when she saw a young Stitch-Girl playing her! Her skin was fair, but she was nearly the spitting image of Revi!
“And here’s our Halrac! Do the face!”
A man roughly Halrac’s size and vaguely like him put on a scowl that was the exact match of the [Scout]’s. Halrac’s eyes bulged and Briganda had to put Cade on the table before she fell out of her seat with laughter.
It felt like a bit of a dream. Revi looked at the changed fortunes of the Players and was glad and amazed. But it was when they recounted what had happened to the inn that she had to stop in amazement.
The Bloodfields. Creler attacks. Erin in Pallass during the Wyvern assault. The magic garden, her fire.
“We missed so much. The Horns are Gold-rank? Yvlon’s arms are fixed?”
“They killed an Adult Creler?”
Halrac just stared as Jasi and Wesle beamed. Grev was laughing at their expressions.
“We may see them. They’re bound for Invrisil. Speaking of which—the Wyvern bounty is insane. Each one is being paid out at an Adult Creler’s rate! Well, not if you add up local bounties on top of Rhir’s payment. But who put it up?”
“Magnolia Reinhart could. But do you think she would…? But we are looking forwards to the door, definitely. Actually, we’re debating linking our theatres with Liscor. Maybe sending money to Temile to build one in Liscor? Or Pallass? But we’ve invitations to go further north still. To First Landing. But we have no shortage of audiences here, so…”
As Jasi, Wesle, and some of the [Actors] were chatting about their ambitions to Halrac and Revi, Grev was introducing the cast to Briganda and Typhenous.
“We’ve got boats of people, so only the best of ‘em get to audition with us. We have multiple teams. Jasi and Wesle are in the first one, obviously. But the rest are being trained up. And we have special effects.”
“Ah, like the mist for your [Witches]. Magnificent thunder effects.”
Typhenous was nodding, delighted as he shook hands. Grev laughed.
“Yeah! You shoulda seen what we had to do before that. But we’ve got a top-level illusionist. Wait, he’s a [Magician]. Eltistiman! Come and meet—”
Typhenous was smiling and looking around when he heard the name. And the [Magician], who had a drink in one hand, was turning to meet the people the Players were excited about.
The younger [Magician], his robes flamboyant and colorful, locked eyes with the older [Mage]. Eltistiman dropped his mug. Typhenous recoiled.
One went for his wand, the other reached for his staff and dagger. Eltistiman pointed, faster on the draw.
“You!”
The Players turned. The [Magician]’s wand was glowing, aimed at Typhenous’ face. The old [Mage] froze, hand on his staff.
“What’s going on? Eltistiman?”
Jasi turned her head, alarmed.
“Oh, mothballs—”
Revi choked on her food. She remembered the name, too late. The [Magician] that Typhenous had said—the one who’d been there to stop the door from being—and Typhenous had—
“I know this [Mage]. Jasi, Wesle. We have a—history.”
Eltistiman’s wand never moved. Halrac was frozen—a hand on his invisible bow. He could draw and loose in a second—but Eltistiman had the wand aimed at Typhenous.
“Stop that! They’re guests! I don’t know what went down, but lower the wand!”
Emme barked. Eltistiman hesitated. He looked around at the Players of Celum, his friends, and slowly, he did lower the wand. Revi breathed.
“What happened? Eltistiman’s been a part of our troupe for a while now. He helped us—is there some past between you and him?”
