7.15 R
Page 24
“I believe our Captain will pay you two thousand gold pieces for personal funds, Briganda. Four thousand of the six goes back into our pool, to be used as needed.”
It would still go to equipment and whatnot, just not necessarily to her. Briganda nodded.
“Sounds fair. Two thousand enlistment? Sweet pot you have there.”
“Recompense.”
Halrac clarified. Briganda paused.
“Yeah. I’ll take the gold either way. But joining up? I’d…yeah. Let’s do that too.”
She nodded. Revi blinked. But Briganda had never, ever, taken more than a minute deciding anything. That was why she was so good in a fight; she didn’t hesitate. The longest she’d ever taken that Revi had seen was deciding to have Cade.
“Just like—no. In that case, Briganda, we’d be delighted to have you. But your son…”
Halrac caught himself, and then gestured at Cade as Briganda let him watch a marching band. Briganda paused.
“Cade?”
“How will you manage him? He’s older now. We might be gone from Invrisil—”
“No. This time I’m taking him on the road with me. I can find someone in most places we stop. And he’s old enough to handle wagon rides. If I join up, he comes with. That’s not an argument.”
The woman made a slashing motion with one hand. Halrac looked at his teammates.
In times past, Briganda had left Cade at safer places, not moving him around except if Griffon Hunt changed their working base. Halrac frowned.
“Surely you can leave him somewhere safe. It’s never entirely secure on the road, Briganda. We had [Raiders] just this morning. We might be able to leave him at an inn. And it’s convenient—”
“No. He goes where I go. He nearly forgot I was his mother, Halrac. I’m not leaving him again.”
Briganda met Halrac’s eyes. She glanced at Revi. The Stitch-Woman felt a pang in her chest.
“How’s it been, Briganda?”
The [Shield Maiden] sighed. She rubbed at her hair, and she looked tired.
“Honestly? I’m jumping at the opportunity. Quitting Griffon Hunt with my name…? No, even if I’d been regular, I forgot how dangerous it is to go solo. It’s hard to find a team, and with Cade, I can’t just walk at an Ogre and not care what happens next. I have to take safe work. Escorting caravans if they let Cade come with, guard duty—I can get work because I’m over Level 30, but I’m always underpaid. You get me?”
She looked at the others. They nodded. It was indeed a sudden change, moving from Gold-rank to any other sort of work, which was always less well-paying. Briganda went on, her voice steady.
“And I can’t afford the gear I need. I found a hole in my chainmail last month and nearly burst into tears. Because I can’t earn enough for maintaining my non-magical gear. So yeah—sign me up.”
“But it’s dangerous. I won’t take a child into the areas we go to.”
Briganda paused, clearly thinking fast.
“It’s dangerous in the city, Everam. Listen—Cade needs a mother. You think I don’t know the dangers? I worry about him all the time and he’s tried to climb off the balcony more’n once. But I’m not going to be the adventurer who runs off and he doesn’t remember me. He goes where I go. That’s the deal breaker.”
Halrac looked—conflicted. He glanced at Revi and Typhenous.
“That’s not what I expected, Briganda. I’m going to have to talk it over with my team.”
“I get that. You want more time or…?”
“Give us a few minutes and we’ll decide if we do.”
The [Shield Maiden] nodded. She stood up, and hesitated. She touched the buckler and hatchet she wore.
