7.15 R
Page 33
“An introduction. I know, the theatrics. But despite what that young man said, he wouldn’t have taken us seriously unless I demonstrated I knew what was happening. We won’t be paying a ludicrous amount. We will have to give some money, but I think it won’t be much of anything.”
Typhenous nodded to Halrac. The [Scout] opened and closed his mouth. He clenched one fist.
“You scared that boy. To save us gold?”
Rather than apologize, the old [Mage]’s eyes glinted.
“I did what that young man was familiar with, Halrac. He respects a display, nothing else. The gang understands and we have their respect as well. It’s their world and mine. I was one of them, once. I know how it works. I understand your objections, but trust me, Halrac. This is how it is done. It would rather be like me telling you how to hunt.”
Halrac chewed that over and nodded, slowly. He wasn’t entirely an idiot.
Neither was Revi. But she gave Typhenous another sideways look.
“I heard you had connections when you got signed to Griffon Hunt. How much of that was your level, and how much was the other stuff?”
“Ironically, neither Ulrien nor anyone else even cared, apart from my spellcasting ability. I’ve tried to help in small ways to make up for my—errors. To greater or lesser effects.”
Typhenous nodded apologetically at Halrac. The [Scout] grunted.
“I disapprove of it.”
“I know. And I am sorry, but the door incident was going to happen with or without my interference. I mitigated the damage; they were two very good gangs who could have had the door to Invrisil within three days without being caught. And we came up a few thousand gold pieces higher for it.”
“And the consequences you mentioned?”
The Plague Mage paused. A kid was waving at them and another gang of kids—these ones marked by black sashes tied around their arms—was waiting, staring at the Gold-ranks.
“I’ll deal with them as they come up. But we have the door to Liscor. On the whole, I’d say it was worth it.”
“Hmf.”
That was all the [Scout] said. But he let Typhenous do the rest. And what Revi saw after that, as she met other gangs who seemed to progressively get older was…
A celebrity. Typhenous was conveyed by the same group of kids from the first gang. But they went from place to place in the city, speaking to people who knew where Grev might be, or who had an ‘in’. And the older they got, the more they started as they heard Typhenous’ name.
“The Plague Mage. My da says he knew you when he was running tricks!”
An awed gang boss actually shook Typhenous’ hand; he led a group of [Toughs] and [Thugs]. Typhenous smiled.
“Those days are past me. I’m merely an adventurer now.”
“Yeah, that’s what my da says. He’s a huge admirer. He says if one’ve the Knives can run straight, and a Scorer like you gets to be Gold-rank, anyone can. You want to meet Grev? We’ll do it—and give you the proper discount. Favor, Mister Typhenous. Who’re your people? Your new crew?”
He looked at Halrac and Revi. They blinked as the rest of the gang had to meet Typhenous. They barely looked twice at the other Gold-ranks. Typhenous was smiling, downplaying the accolades. And that was only one gang.
“You were in a gang?”
“Most people who grow up without a proper job or class do. It was nothing special.”
“Sure. And the Knives? What’s a scorer?”
Typhenous’ eyes twinkled. He winked at Revi.
“Just terms from the past. Oh—”
He paused as the young [Tough]’s father himself rushed out to exclaim and shake Typhenous’ hand. Revi looked at the old man. And she realized.
