7.15 R
Page 47
So that is what they did. Piece by piece, the adventurers vaporized the giant, made of flesh and skin. They hacked it to bits, burnt everything to ash. Until all that remained was the smell and memory.
It was not a battle of heroics. Of desperate last measures and levels. Revi was panting, her clothes and armor smelling of burnt flesh. Nauseating, and almost partially appealing, which was worse.
“What—what was that?”
“A monster.”
Halrac’s voice was raw from shouting orders. He stared at the last bloom of fire in the darkness.
“Fucking useless. If we weren’t here, it’d have smashed the city up, but it wouldn’t have gotten there in a million tries with us. What the hell—did someone make that? It was flesh. Where did it come from?”
Todi spat, looking shaken. The other adventurers conferred. Now the blood wasn’t rushing in her ears, Revi could hear more than Halrac and the other adventurer’s words. She leaned on Briganda.
“There were people in it. It was sewn.”
“Children. Families. It came from the east. But—no one reported it until just now. But there were villages…”
The adventurers looked at each other. They stared at what remained.
Bits of skin, like fabric. Black thread, lying amid the ash, unwilling to be burned. The Watch stared. Some—people who had not seen worse, adventurers and guards, vomited.
The smell. The sight. Revi had seen worse things. But not—recently. She looked at her team.
“Who did this?”
She was shaking. And she was not the only one. Jewel was looking at a scrap of…Revi looked away. The adventurers all wanted to know.
“It came from the east. Can anyone raise a [Message] to any of the villages? Anyone?”
The Watch Captain was asking questions, staring. He looked over the walls, the way the thing had come.
East. Dozens of adventuring teams looked at each other.
“Someone made that. I saw the stitch-marks. Let’s get a posse. Any Gold-rank teams. Where’s Arcsinger’s team? Let’s find whoever made that thing! Anyone with me?”
Todi shouted. Instantly, dozens of teams volunteered. The adventurers were shaken. But exhausted? Their horror kept them moving.
“Hold on, we have to wait. Let’s figure out what the hell that was—”
“Damn waiting. Let’s figure it out! Anyone with tracking Skills take the lead! [Scouts] forwards!”
Todi was enraged. He was organizing the teams. He was good at it. Halrac pushed forwards.
“Todi, wait. I’m going to investigate that—”
“With who? I’m finding whatever the fuck made that and putting my fist through its face. We’ve got more Gold-ranks than I can count! Come on!”
The man shook Halrac off. The [Scout] was arguing—and then he stomped away.
“What the hell was that? In the name of Rhir—do they have things like that?”
Revi was still panting. Her cloth felt ill from that. As if something was wriggling in her stitches.
“We have to find out what that was. Where’s the Adventurer’s Guild people?”
They were on the walls, of course. Half of Invrisil was gathered at the gates, staring in horror at what they had seen. It was a mercy the giant had died outside the walls. They asked the adventurers who were coming back what they had seen.
Better not to know. The teams going each moved out, most on horseback. Halrac cursed.
“Where’s the Guildmaster?”
“He’s talking with Adventurer Arcsinger. She’s not joining the hunt—”
“Did she even participate? I didn’t see a powerful blow.”
Revi frowned. She’d expected the Named-rank to have been more obvious. But perhaps she’d missed it? Halrac saw the Guildmaster talking urgently and cursed.
“Find me a [Historian] or [Naturalist] or someone with a bestiary! Now!”
