7.15 R
Page 36
“Nah. I mean, I keep up, and we get [Messages] from Temile. New plays, some stuff. She’s out of Celum. They kicked her out and the Players went with her. Dumb as a bag of rocks, that lot. The Players are now in Liscor. And they’ve got Drakes and Gnoll [Actors]. Maybe even Dullahans and Garudas if that door to Pallass works with the magic grass. Dead gods, that’d be something! Emme wants to bring the crew from Liscor over when the door opens. We’d be able to have flying Garuda, Dullahans with detachable body parts for the fight scenes and such…”
“Whoa, hold on. Magic grass? Erin’s out of Celum? What?”
Revi was trying to catch up. Grev cackled at the look on her face.
“You don’t know! This is great! You don’t know about the Horns—dead gods! Did you at least hear about the Wyverns in Pallass?”
Halrac nodded. Grev was leading them back to the Players of Celum’s inn.
“Of course. We didn’t have a scrying orb, but we heard about it. Wait—”
The [Veteran Scout]’s brows crossed together. And he had a…thought. Born purely out of his knowledge of Erin. He looked at Revi. The [Summoner]’s jaw dropped and Typhenous blinked.
“She was there! Miss Erin! And one of the Antinium was in Pallass! You’re gonna flip! Come on, I have to show you! The Players should be in the inn!”
The young boy was overjoyed. And Revi felt her smile growing larger. Erin had been at Pallass? During the Wyvern…? No way. Was she a magnet for trouble or something?
“She’s got magical fire too. Temile said it was glorious. And a garden-thing! That’s how she’s charged up her door—apparently it can take a lot more people to Pallass! We could travel back and forth fairly regularly!”
“Hold on. We have a teammate we want to introduce to the Players. Can we find her first?”
“Sure! Who’s she?”
Briganda was scheduled to meet her team at the same pub. She was already waiting.
“I put Cade to bed. Who’s this? Wait…”
She stared at Grev. None of her teammates had told her about knowing the Players of Celum. They hadn’t put together the significance. But when Briganda heard that they knew the famous [Actors] who’d hit Invrisil like a Tier 8 spell, she flipped three times.
“Dead gods! We’re going to meet the Players of Celum? You’re Grev!”
“That’s right, Miss.”
Briganda looked awed. Revi felt discombobulated. They were all Gold-ranks, but when she heard she could meet Jasi and Wesle, Briganda was like a girl meeting…Gold-ranks.
“I’ve got to buy some paper! For signing! And Cade! I want him to meet them! And you know them, Halrac? You never said!”
“They were just…at the inn.”
Halrac looked as close to stunned as he got by Briganda’s reaction. Grev laughed.
“No problem, Miss. Griffon Hunt’s a friend of the Players! So’re any of the folks who went to The Wandering Inn. Come to that, we have a recruit who was at the inn. Fancy fellow, does our special effects.”
“Let’s go! Now!”
And they did. Griffon Hunt walked towards the Season Theatre. And the inn where the Players were located. There was a crowd. But Grev walked right past them and strode up to the door. The [Bouncer] blinked when he saw Griffon Hunt again.
“You know this lot, Grev?”
“Sure do, Redit. They’re Griffon Hunt. The originals. Is Jasi in?”
“Upstairs. Getting ready for the show. Wait, they’re really…”
He stood aside as Grev walked through. Revi gave him a triumphant look as he stared, wide-eyed at them.
