7.15 R
Page 9
But understaffed. Still, Revi was in this team down to her threads. And she’d keep this team together if she had to be the anchor, damn it. This was a good team!
“So—[Raiders], huh? That was Lacel the Leaper, you know?”
“Hrgh.”
Halrac might have been responding there. Typhenous on the other hand stroked his beard.
“Ah. Was it? Then we might have interfered with Izrilian drama in the making.”
He winked at Revi. The [Summoner] was nodding, a pleased look on her face. Silence, then. After a second, Halrac turned his head.
“…What drama?”
“You haven’t heard about Lady Hetessana and Lord Bein? And Lady Dealia? Halrac!”
Revi was shocked. The [Scout] just stared at her.
“What does that have to do with a Courier and…”
He paused.
“Oh. Some kind of drama?”
Revi had to recount the tale of sordid betrayal for Halrac.
“Of course, they don’t know she’s telling the truth, but I heard that she hired a Courier to take the pendant! And if that was him—her estates are some of the most southern. So…”
“So?”
Typhenous chuckled.
“So, Lady Dealia may be receiving a package, Halrac. And if it is the pendant, she will be able to appraise it very quickly. And Lord Bein will be in a lot of trouble.”
Revi grinned happily.
“I hear that Lady Dealia’s promised to call off the engagement if it’s true. And her brothers have sworn to stab Lord Bein through the heart if it is. I can’t wait. And I’m happy I can be part of it. Makes me feel warm inside.”
She poked at her chest for emphasis. Halrac just looked at her, nonplussed.
“Why are you so interested in gossip about the nobility, Revi?”
The Stitch-Girl shrugged.
“Eh. I just really like hearing about the stupid stuff they get up to. Keeps me entertained.”
“And I keep my ear to all sources of information, Halrac. Speaking of which—while I haven’t heard of a magic door in Invrisil, I think there is at least one familiar thing in the City of Adventurers for us.”
“And that would be?”
Halrac eyed Typhenous, and then turned forwards. And there was the City of Adventurers.
Vast, sprawling, guarded by low, ten-foot walls that seemed to be expanding with each passing year, the City of Adventurers was a metropolis, one of the largest cities in the continent, like First Landing in the north. But Invrisil was a hub which connected the heart of the Human’s northern lands.
It was also owned, at least in part, by Magnolia Reinhart. And it was generally safe—from war or [Raiders], or at least, more so than other lands. The Goblin Lord and the [Raiders] of this morning being notable exceptions.
One of the many gates to the city had a queue in front of it. Revi exclaimed as the horses snorted, catching unfamiliar scents. Invrisil was vast, too vast to take in all at once.
“Aha! Culture! I can’t wait to sleep in an actual bed for once!”
“What’s in Invrisil, Typhenous?”
Even Halrac had to relax upon seeing the city, with its abundance of things to see or do. But he eyed Typhenous. The [Plague Mage] raised a soothing hand.
“I wouldn’t want to say until I’m sure. Rumors are rumors…and there was a group of imposters…”
“Impostor what? I don’t want any more surprises, Typhenous.”
Not after the door incident. Halrac’s tone was warning, but Typhenous just stroked his beard.
“Nothing untoward, I promise, glorious Captain.”
“Don’t call me that.”
“Yes, Captain.”
“As you wish, Sir.”
Halrac Everam glowered. The three adventurers lined up the horses to the side of the gates, or rather, Revi’s summons did. But the three adventurers waited patiently in line with everyone else, slowly moving forwards.
