7.15 R
Page 26
The [Shield Maiden]’s face lit up. She reached out and punched Halrac on the shoulder.
“You bastard! Whoops, don’t repeat that, Cade. That’s the Halrac I know. Stone-faced and soft as an unboiled egg on the inside. Wish you’d been the father, or Ulrien. Pretty glad it wasn’t Elm. Cassielle? Eh. I’d live with the half-Elf.”
Halrac tried to play it off, but he smiled a bit as Briganda gripped his shoulder. It was Typhenous who had a thought.
“Halrac, perhaps Briganda can sign with us immediately.”
“What?”
Briganda and Halrac looked at him. The [Mage] rubbed at his chin.
“As I recall, a certain friend may deliver a…transportation method to Invrisil. Not to the High Passes—and it would be a few day’s ride. But Briganda might be satisfied leaving Cade in the area.”
“What? Transportation method?”
The woman narrowed her eyes. She still had an adventurer’s instincts for the important. Halrac hesitated.
“I didn’t think of that. It’s not exactly safe there—that’s where Ulrien…”
“Maybe in the city? But we’d still be using the passageway. Consider it. And if we are waiting for Hedault…”
The [Scout] paused. He looked at Briganda. He looked at Typhenous.
“That’s an excellent point. Briganda—we can catch you up to speed. But if it was—”
“Halrac, I can leave Cade somewhere for a week or two. As long as I’m coming back to him after we get out of the swamp or something. He’s not camping with us near a monster. I’m in. All the way. What’s this you’re telling me?”
Briganda’s eye were shining. Halrac hesitated. Then he reached out.
“I hate leading. I guess I have to rephrase my answer. Briganda—would you rejoin Griffon Hunt?”
“Absolutely.”
The two clasped hands. Revi shot to her feet, eyes shining. She hugged Briganda and Typhenous rose as well. Cade looked confused.
“Mom? Are you crying?”
“It’s good news, Cade. The best. I’m joining up with my old team. My friends. Do you remember them?”
Briganda reassured her worried son. Cade peered at Revi. At Typhenous, who smiled down at him, and Halrac, who tried his best not to be a grim-faced man who could make a child cry at a hundred paces. Cade paused.
“…No.”
 
—-
 
They had to have a drink, of course. To celebrate. But even here—Briganda stopped after two cups. She was a mother now, and she had a lot to do. Quit her old job, tell some of her friends, assess her gear…
And her team had to catch her up on everything that had happened. Briganda swore a blue streak before Cade asked her what the words meant when she heard about everything.
Ulrien, the haul from Liscor’s dungeon, Erin Solstice and her inn, Halrac’s bow…and they hadn’t even told her the big things.
Like speculation about Dragons near Liscor. But they’d already moved out of the Gold-rank area; adventurers had long ears.
“Honestly, I don’t like the idea of competing on hunting Wyverns. We’ll be fighting too many dangerous monsters, even if there are hundreds of teams heading to the High Passes. And we’ll foul each other up. And we might get kill-thieves. Actual [Thieves]—even conflicts with other adventurers.”
Halrac was grousing, unable to admit that he was in a good mood. Briganda, clearly trying to get back into full adventurer-mode, was nodding.
“I hear you, Everam. I mean—I’m out of practice, so Revi, Typhenous?”
The two laughed.
“You’ve been in the team longer than we have, Briggy! Speak your mind!”
“It does sound really like a trap. Who put that ridiculous bounty up? And why? I’ve been speculating with some of the old guard. But it’s a chance, and you know us…”
The [Scout] frowned.
