7.15 R
Page 51
“Fall back! Fall back!”
Someone was screaming the word. Briganda was moving weakly.
“Strong—”
“Get back, everyone. Typhenous, grab Revi and go.”
Adventurers were screaming, clawing at needles that stung their bodies. Some were cutting their friends free. But things were moving in the village.
Misshapen things. Golems, made of flesh. Lengths of rope, like snakes, which twined around necks and limbs.
Revi tried to summon her warriors. They were needed. They could buy time—she just had to move her hand to the pouch—
Belavierr was looking at her. The Stitch-Witch seemed fascinated by Revi.
“I have been in Terandria far too long. Tell me, girl. Do you know me?”
“N—n—”
“Revi.”
Halrac was aiming at Belavierr’s chest. The Stitch-Witch ignored him. Typhenous, clutching at his ribs, grabbed Revi. Then—his robes twisted, choking him.
They were being obliterated. Revi trembled as she saw Briganda trying to sneak up on Belavierr. But her armor—it had thread in it. Belavierr flicked a finger and Briganda went flying again.
They were not prepared for this. Adventurers prepared. They shouldn’t have trusted in numbers. They should have prepared for her.
They should have brought fire. Revi shuddered. Belavierr looked at her.
“Do you know me?”
And now, the words triggered something in her head. Revi went cold. Her stitch-heart beat in her cloth chest. And her lips opened. Because the [Witch] let her.
“You. You—are you—? Are you one of the Threadmakers?”
Once upon a time, someone made the Stitch-Folk. And they had won their freedom. Long ago.
Belavierr smiled and her eyes drew Revi deeper, deeper.
“Close. I did not make you. But I gave your people something. And you have always remembered me. Come here. And let me see what binds you. What you are made of.”
Revi’s legs moved. The Stitch-Witch’s face filled her vision. She began walking to Belavierr. And the [Witch] reached for Revi’s strings.
Halrac loosed his arrow. Belavierr flicked a tip of a finger, dismissively. Revi heard a thunk.
An arrow appeared in Belavierr’s chest. In her heart. The [Witch] blinked. She stared at the arrow shaft.
“Ow.”
That was the most normal thing she’d said. Revi felt the control leaving her. She stumbled backwards. Typhenous gasped. Belavierr looked at Halrac, blinking. He loosed another arrow.
This time she flicked her wrist. The arrow went through her neck. The [Witch] made a sound. And Revi realized—
Halrac had stripped his arrows of the fletching. No string. The [Witch] kept moving, though. She wasn’t bleeding. She pointed and Halrac’s armor and clothes moved. He went flying into the air.
He loosed a third arrow, somehow, before he hit the ground. Belavierr staggered and looked at the arrow in her leg.
“Pain. That bow is powerful.”
That was all she said as she pulled the arrow out of her neck. Revi was dragging Typhenous backwards. The [Mage] was gasping, strangled. Briganda was backing up.
They were going to be killed. The Stitch-Witch didn’t even seem slowed by what should have been two mortal wounds. She just sewed both holes in her body shut as she ignored the arrow in her leg. Then she moved.
An arrow stopped, vibrating in her hand. The Stitch-Witch stared at it.
“Without fletching. Can you fire an arrow without?”
Halrac was standing a hundred yards distant. He was aiming at her with his invisible bow. The Stitch Witch looked around.
Adventurers were lying on the street. Few dead. Most immobilized, under assault. She nodded.
“Hm. Good.”
