7.15 R
Page 29
“Just making inquiries through certain—channels, Halrac. Nothing untoward.”
“You mean…your contacts. I told you, Typhenous. No more of it.”
“Halrac, it is entirely aboveboard. Completely. You can watch the entire affair. This isn’t criminal; it’s just—my world.”
The old man sounded a bit peeved at the allegation of pure criminality. The [Scout] glowered. He had a definite view about anything illegal. Revi was a bit nervous too.
“Your world, Typh?”
“Revi, my dear. I have a history in any number of occupations.”
Which she’d known. But Typhenous’ smile looked more knowing than your average [Mage]’s air of mystery. Especially because Revi could pretend to be wise and powerful too for the plebeians. But here they were. Typhenous led them down the street to his world.
The underworld of crime. The shadowed side of cities and Izril, that you could use when the legal options were out. Revi felt herself growing tense, and regretted agreeing so cheerfully. She checked to make sure her summoning tools and wand were ready for quick use. Halrac was doing the same; his invisible bow was on his back. The adventurers waited as their teammate found his first lead.
Typhenous found the first denizen of darkness, purveyor of misdeeds, by poking the first street urchin he came across with his staff. A passing boy with somewhat ill-kept clothes jerked as he looked up from a game of dice with his pals.
“Watch it, old bugger! What d’you want?”
The kindly old man wearing [Mage]’s robes smiled down at him as Halrac and Revi watched. The other members of the gang stood up—they were young, ranging from eight to just their early teens; some were caught in a growth spurt.
They looked…er…tough. Staring at the adventurers without fear. Revi covered a smile. And she saw Typhenous lean over.
“I beg your pardon, young man. I was just wondering if you could direct me to…Grev. I’m told he’s a face in these parts. You wouldn’t happen to have an in by which my crew and I could do a greeting with? I’d be willing to pay for it.”
The urchin blinked and his eyes narrowed. So did Halrac and Revi—for a second there, in between his polite, mage-like speech, Typhenous had used what sounded like slang. The boy stared up at Typhenous and nodded, warily.
“Grev? Yeah. He’s a face-of-faces, y’know? We’ve talked.”
That was a mark of pride, clearly. The gang nodded. The boy went on.
“We can probably get you a greeting, yeah. But we’d need to run it by our boss.”
“Of course. Can we make the request there?”
Typhenous nodded. The boy rubbed finger and thumb together.
“How about a token for the boss?”
He blinked as the [Mage] flipped him a silver coin. Typhenous had already been expecting it. The boy fumbled catching the coin. He blinked at Typhenous and took a second measure. But then he shrugged.
“Sure. Come on. You running with this crew? Looks like flatfoots to me.”
“Oh, the flattest and straightest of feet. But they’re adventurers. As am I.”
“What, Silver?”
“Gold, actually.”
Revi smiled at the boy. He gave her a sideways look.
“Oh yeah? Good fer you. This way.”
Then he and his gang shot down the street, beckoning for the adults to follow. Revi faltered. Typhenous just smiled, stroking his beard.
“You see? Nothing untoward.”
“They’re children, Typhenous.”
“Children know everything in a city. And that’s a gang, Revi. Young they might be, but we’ve paid for an introduction to their leader. Follow me.”
