7.16 L
Page 12
Lyonette said goodbye to Krshia. The Gnoll woman wasn’t going back to her stall, but she had a discussion with some of her people before the Council meeting. And while she did that, Lyonette went to visit her second friend.
Not to talk about sex. She’d get kicked out in a second if she tried that. Watch Captain Zevara probably wasn’t as uptight about sex as Erin. But she could certainly use someone in her life. Sometimes, Lyonette thought that was why she was so grumpy. And—because she had to deal with Erin. And Relc. That couldn’t help.
“Hi, Ishkr. How’s the inn?”
“Fine. We’ve got some [Farmers] from around Celum.”
The Gnoll nodded to a group of people who included the two teens she’d met this morning. They were staring wide-eyed at the Players of Celum. She smiled.
“Any trouble?”
“Nope.”
Thank the throne for people like Ishkr. Lyonette collected some pre-prepared objects from the kitchen and headed out again.
“Excuse me, is the Watch Captain here? I’d like a meeting.”
The Desk Sergeant was a Drake. He eyed Lyonette, but he knew the score. He waved Lyonette up. She slipped him a tart.
Erin was good at sugary foods. Ironically, she wasn’t a huge fan of eating the stuff she made, but she knew her audience. The peach tarts were a bit pricey—mainly because of the peaches. But Pallass imported food from Oteslia, so it wasn’t as expensive as getting it anywhere else. And these ones were…
“Bribes again, Miss Marquin?”
Watch Captain Zevara stared at the little tarts on her desk. Lyonette had put them in a little wooden box; they couldn’t exactly be bagged.
“I’m just giving some food to a friend. And testing them out before we sell them. What do you think? See the box. I’m thinking about paying to have some made. Just a [Carpenter] engraving a bit onto it.”
“Hm. Well, I suppose you could sell them. Who did this one?”
“A…[Carpenter]. Pawn. He’s a friend.”
Zevara eyed Lyonette.
“Oh, the Antinium. I forget. Say—how’s it going with the Antinium at the inn? I only ask because Klbkch has been a bit off lately.”
Lyonette coughed on her tart. The Watch Captain paused in reaching for one and eyed her.
Zevara was, as always, writing at her desk. She spent a lot of time making reports; Lyonette gathered it was a Drake thing. They liked their paperwork.
“What? Pawn? He’s fine. Um—Klbkch isn’t doing well?”
“…No. There was that idiocy Relc cooked up. Well, it was fairly good for morale and apparently Klbkch doesn’t have—why am I talking to you about this?”
“Because you can’t talk to anyone else? Have a tart. I have more things to eat if you’d like some. Have you had lunch?”
The Drake [Watch Captain] looked resigned as Lyonette offered her a little shepherd’s pie. Lyonette smiled proudly.
“I made it myself. Without [Flawless Attempt], but I think it went decently.”
“You keep doing this, Miss Lyonette.”
“Well, I have to pay off my debt to the city to get my things back. And…we are friends, right?”
A [Charming Smile]. The Watch Captain eyed Lyonette as it bounced off her and sighed. But she did inspect the pie.
“I had lunch in the pris—already. You know, I disapprove of this. And if it comes to it, I’ll weigh my bias against any decision or relegate it to someone impartial. Either way, it won’t help you.”
Lyonette sighed. Straight-laced as usual. But she nodded at Zevara.
“Of course. This is just food. You know I’ll give it to Relc if you don’t take it.”
“Well, I suppose I could use it for dinner. I don’t get time to cook much…thank you.”
The Drake coughed, embarrassed. The two sat together, and eventually, Zevara relaxed a bit. It always took a little bit.
