7.16 L
Page 7
“How’d you know? I thought there wouldn’t be an um—smell…”
“We can smell many things. But it would have been harder. No—you have the look. And I knew what was supposed to happen. Here. Tea. Something to eat?”
“Thank you, I’m fine.”
Lyonette sipped from the spicy tea Krshia liked. The Gnoll woman sat across from her, laughing and joking. But kindly. She was genuinely happy for Lyonette. She listened as Lyonette shared what she was willing to. When she heard about Pawn panicking at the sight of blood and casting [Minor Heal Wounds] she laughed herself off the sofa. Krshia was wiping tears out of her eyes when Lyonette was done.
“Ah, good for you! Now, we must only have Erin relax, yes?”
She nodded at the young woman. Lyonette rolled her eyes.
“Good luck, because I’m not helping you. Honestly, Krshia, I think Erin’s just…scarred from her experiences. Which have been bad, I think. She told me about the Hobgoblin Chieftain she met within the first month of coming here…”
Krshia sobered. She slowly sipped her tea, nodding.
“Yes. Erin Solstice has had many things to grieve. But I think, joking aside, that it is good for her, yes? Well, perhaps it is not something casual for her. But I am happy for you.”
“Thank you for…for talking with me about it. And helping me. I wouldn’t have known about the um—harness and…”
Lyonette turned as red as her hair a third time. Krshia just laughed softly. Lyonette raised her head again.
What was fascinating about their conversation was that even here—she was in a role. It was something Lyonette had learned, both from Krshia talking to her and from observation. Gnolls had a way of communicating like all people did. The way they moved, their ears, tails, their manner of speech…Humans had it in how you bowed, looked at someone. All races did, but Lyonette had learned Gnollish etiquette, or perhaps, body language was a better word for it.
And she was also acting it out, as the younger Gnoll might in a relationship between two females. Krshia was treating her like someone who was both friend and someone in need of mild guidance. It had changed the relationship between the two, made it more solid than a tenuous connection of Lyonette wanting to redeem herself and know more about how to raise Mrsha.
And Lyonette…loved it. She liked the experience, of looking up to a mentor, of being the inferior, the student. A [Princess] was never that. Even her [Tutors] back in Calanfer had known who she was. But Krshia was someone Lyonette truly respected.
“Ah, if you enjoyed it, despite all the awkwardness of a first time, what is there to say? He is not like most males—not at all! But that is good too. I would enjoy someone who doesn’t need to stop but when I feel like it! After Pawn, many males will disappoint you, sadly.”
Krshia laughed. Lyonette had to chuckle. The Gnoll had related stories of her youth and experience to reassure Lyonette. And it had been Krshia that Lyonette had asked for advice when the idea of her and Pawn getting intimate had even popped up.
“Hrm. Strange that love should blossom so. You told me at the beginning you saw him only as a friend. Can you tell me, now that you decided it should be so, why it came to this?”
The Gnoll woman mused. The [Royal Shopkeeper] eyed Lyonette and the [Princess] tried to put it into words. She hadn’t been sure, even until last night. At last, Lyonette nodded.
