7.16 L
Page 2
The two looked at Mrsha. The Gnoll was eating, discontentedly. She rolled her eyes.
Yes, thank you, I’m here.
Lyonette missed the look. She patted Mrsha on the shoulder, thinking it was about the food.
“Mrsha’s going to visit Ekirra and Visma. They’re going to help Elirr, isn’t that right, Mrsha? They’re learning how to help manage the animals; he’s got his hands—paws, excuse me—full with that little Wyvern.”
“That is very good. And perhaps Mrsha will level up in her class? Druids manage animals, or so I understand. Klbkch has not rendered much information unto me, but the Antinium have notes on classes. Books as well.”
“Really? I never knew!”
The Antinium nodded as he ate. Mrsha was already done with her hamburger.
“Yes. It is one of the things the Hive has in secret. I will bring you some books, if you’d like?”
“I would. Thank you, Pawn.”
Lyonette smiled. Pawn was sharing some of the Hive’s secrets with her. In theory, this would have enraged a certain Antinium even more. But no one cared. Not Pawn, nor Bird, who was sitting in his tower, eating a squishy bird with worms in it.
Each to their own. And you couldn’t fault the two for liking each other, right? They had formed a connection. And their relationship, as unusual as it was, had—benefits.
“So—I haven’t tried my new Skill out. But I think it might work later. It’s not the best, but…well, I can’t be greedy, right? And it is an interesting one. I’ll ask Zevara to help me test it.”
Benefits. Pawn had leveled up. He was a [Priest]. Level 24. He had gained a new Skill. Well—not a Skill per se. Lyonette was very excited about it.
But she had gained a Skill too. She was Level 19 now, a [Worldly Princess], a rare class consolidation before Level 20, even. And her new Skill was called [Magnified Training].
“So, what do you believe the Skill does, Lyonette? Ah, you have something on your cheek.”
The [Princess] looked up as Pawn lifted a napkin. She let him clean it off her face. She shrugged.
“You know—it just increases how fast I’ll learn the sword, or maybe magic. It’s one of those basic skills—I have so many of them now! But that’s the focus of my class, and I’m still below Level 20, so I think it’s not bad. Just not special. Hm, no, wait. I have a brilliant idea. Later today, what if I…?”
She leaned over. Mrsha’s ears perked up as she determinedly stared at her plate. She heard a whisper.
“Oh, that is a good idea. But it is very strange that both of us leveled up.”
“Well, I understand my class, but yours? Why would that…? Anyways, it’s an incentive, isn’t it?”
“Yes.”
The two looked at each other with that look again. Mrsha stared.
Lyonette and Pawn had leveled up since yesterday. An event had made that occur.
Sex. The Gnoll cub paused. It had definitely happened. There was no denying it. It had changed…everything. And if she didn’t know the sordid details, the comedy—Mrsha knew what had happened. She crossed her arms.
After a second, the two realized she was there again.
“Oh, Mrsha—you’re nearly done? Just the egg? You eat quickly! What did I tell you about scarfing? Hold on, let me get a refill—Ishkr isn’t in yet. Sorry, Pawn.”
Embarrassed, Lyonette scolded Mrsha, as if she hadn’t been distracted half the meal already. Pawn glanced at Mrsha. As Lyonette rose to refill someone’s waving cup, he tentatively cut a sizeable chunk of hamburger and offered it to Mrsha.
“Would you like some, Mrsha?”
