7.16 L
Page 31
She barked at Jeiss. Why hadn’t he handled it? But the Drake was pale. He looked at her and Zevara halted.
“Watch Captain, they’re fighting.”
She looked at him, and then ran. By the time she got to the scene, just a street away from the Watch Captain, there was a crowd.
Wing Commander Embria was there. So was 4th Company. Some of them were shouting encouragement. But the street was unnaturally silent. Zevara pushed her way to the front, panting. And she saw something…
Wrong. Two Senior Guardsman stood in the street. Well—fought. Neither one stood still, really. Both were moving like blurs. Each time they intersected, there was a sound, like something hitting a piece of furniture, a huge, dull thump. Or a crack.
Chitin breaking. Zevara stared around. She looked at the crimson-scaled Drake.
“Wing Commander, Embria, what in the name of the Walled Cities is going on?”
“A brawl, Watch Captain. My f—Senior Guardsman Relc picked a fight with Senior Guardsman Klbkch.”
Embria answered slowly. Her eyes were locked on the brawl. Relc appeared. He grabbed Klbkch as the Antinium punched at him. He threw Klbkch at a wall.
The Antinium crashed into the stone wall and bounced off. He punched at Relc’s face. The Drake blocked, kicked. So fast. Zevara’s spar with Jeiss looked like kids fighting compared to the two. Zevara stared.
“What caused—break it up!”
“Can’t, Watch Captain. They hit anyone getting in the way. They’re too strong! Both have to be Level—I know Relc, but Klbkch?”
Jeiss looked at the two. There was another clash—this time, Relc stumbled back. He’d taken an uppercut to the head, but he just walked back in. His eyes were—burning. Zevara hadn’t seen him that mad in…
“What started it? Get nets if you have to! I’m not having them tearing each other up!”
Zevara demanded, but Embria held out a claw.
“Watch Captain. I have orders. Let the two fight.”
Her voice was flat. But it was just a façade. It quivered with…emotion. So many. 4th Company was shouting.
“Go, Gecko!”
“Break that damn Ant to bits!”
It was Antinium vs Drake, after all. They were furiously cheering on Relc, regardless of his past. It wasn’t that in Embria. The Watch Captain was about to demand what the hell she was doing—when she saw the scrying orb.
Embria was aiming it at the battle. Zevara stared…at flickering images. It wasn’t going through Wistram. This was a direct connection.
To the Walled Cities. And Zevara saw a Drake with wings, armor, a trident, staring back at her.
Dragonspeaker Luciva. Among others. The view was split. Chaldion stared at Zevara. He held up a claw to his lips. So were some of the others.
Ilvriss, and the protectors of Salazsar. The First Gardener of Oteslia.
Watching the petty brawl.
But it wasn’t a petty brawl. It had gone beyond that. Zevara realized as she stared at the two. There was the Gecko of Liscor. Maybe not part of the army, but…representative. And there—
Was the Slayer. Klbkch the Slayer. Getting—Zevara saw him stumbling back as Relc hit him in a blur of motion. Getting beaten in a fist-fight.
Of course. This was what the other Walled Cities wanted to see. Zevara opened her mouth. Part of her wanted to stop it. Regardless of Antinium. She knew Relc and Klbkch. She had her issues with them, Relc especially.
But—they were friends. A pair. They had been since the Antinium came to Liscor. This was wrong.
Zevara reached out—but Embria looked warningly at her. Helplessly, Zevara let her arm fall. She watched.
 
—-
 
“I’m sorry, Klbkch. But you’re an idiot.”
The words came. The blow thereafter.
