7.16 L
Page 23
“Not exactly. I’m gonna get Erin in on this too. But I’m telling you, Kelli, it’s something you want to think about. Sign up—or sign up your friends! Say, if you know anyone else who’d be willing to contribute…the minimum is one gold coin. I know, steep, but…”
He jangled the three-coin pouch. Kelli grinned at Relc, coming to a quick decision.
“Well, if I’m getting paid, I’ll sign up my friends myself.”
Relc sighed.
“Aw. Damnit. That happens a lot. But can I get you on this since I told you?”
He gave Kelli a pleading look. She nodded, excited.
“Let me get my money from my apartment. Actually—can you come with me?”
“Sure, I’ll write down your details. Address, next of kin, payment—it’s all very organized. This is great, Kelli. Can I sign half your friends?”
“Nope. But thanks for telling me, Relc.”
“No problem. This is great, isn’t it? Exciting times, Kelli, my dude. Exciting times.”
“…I’m female, Relc.”
“It’s an expression.”
The two Drakes headed off to Kelli’s apartment. Relc was scribbling as he wrote, as neatly as he could. Kelli was reassured by the receipt he handed her, and his assurances that money would be coming as soon as she signed people up. Weekly payments and the monthly one. It only occurred to her afterwards to ask.
“I missed the name of the organization. They have one, right?”
“What? Oh, yeah. They’re funding all sorts. But the name of the group is—The Golden Triangle. Catchy, right?”
“Yeah, I like it.”
Relc was nodding, pleased. Good deeds, and coin in his pocket. It was too bad Klbkch was in a mood. But he would feel better, right? Relc strolled to the inn—he was going to get Erin in on this too. After all, he owed her a lot. He’d already gotten Embria, and some of 4th Company who was speaking to him…
And the Drake was too late. By the time he arrived—Klbkch had left. And Relc saw the frightened Antinium and Erin’s face. And he realized he should have been there sooner. If he could have stopped it. But all the things were coming together.
 
—-
 
Fifteen minutes ago.
Evening in The Wandering Inn. It was a beautiful day, with birds singing—no, wait, screaming as they fled Bird—but Bird was singing. The flowers were blooming in the Garden of Sanctuary as a bee buzzed around like the largest guard-bee imaginable. On a day like this, good kids were indoors.
Watching a play. Eating peach tarts. Although the Antinium were gluten-intolerant. But the inn was noisy, crowded as it now was oft to be.
Mrsha was having fun, playing with Ekirra and Visma. She still stayed away from the Antinium, though. Or rather, Pawn.
He was sitting in the inn, with Lyonette. Rubbing shoulders. And the Workers and Soldiers were around them.
A regular patrol of Painted Antinium, Workers and Soldiers both, and—surprisingly—Anand and Belgrade. No Yellow Splatters; he was taking over for them. But Chesacre and Thaina too, another couple sitting with the other Antinium, but separate.
Pawn was smiling. The other Antinium were eating special peach tarts Garry had made with Erin, ones they could digest thanks to his Skill. And they were all disobeying orders.
Only Anand was super-worried about it. But Pawn was reassuring him.
“It is okay, Anand. Yellow Splatters has someone keeping watch. When Revalantor Klbkch returns to the Hive, we will all hurry back through the special tunnel.”
“You’re a regular [Scoundrel], Pawn.”
Lyonette teased the Worker. He smiled.
“I have learned subterfuge, from you, Lyonette. But we will take some food for the other Antinium. Bird has stockpiled some birds and his special ‘squishy birds’. I hear they are very good.”
