7.16 L
Page 6
Krshia Silverfang was hard at work and it was a long line. Mostly Gnolls went to her, and mostly Drakes to Lism, although there was crossover. But Lyonette was at the back of a line of Gnolls. Some of them stared at her, recognized her, and gave her hard looks. Lyonette ducked her head as she stood in the back of the line.
They knew her. The [Thief] who’d caused so much trouble. But no one said anything. Lyonette had been forgiven by both the Watch and Krshia.
“Next! Ah, Tirr, how can I help you today? And if you want to ban Gnolls who are shedding, you will have to speak to someone else, yes? Because that is not a law I am going to fight for…”
Krshia’s voice briskly drifted down the line as Lyonette waited. And it was a funny thing. As the queue moved forwards, Lyonette didn’t talk to the Gnolls who were chatting amongst themselves. She would have liked a book. But neither was the [Princess]…rude.
A certain crazy Human might have gotten by with marching to the front of the line, waving her hands and shouting about some crisis, but Lyonette waited. And when she got to the front of the line, she bowed slightly.
“Good morning, Krshia.”
“Lyonette! Ah, hello!”
Krshia smiled at the [Princess]. It was funny, to think of how they had first met and where they were now. The Gnoll paused, sniffed the air a few times, and then laughed.
“No! And it is a most good morning, yes?”
Lyonette blushed as the other Gnolls in line gave her a sideways look. Some sniffed too and stared, perplexed. But Krshia gave Lyonette a knowing smile. The [Princess] coughed.
“Well—it’s not a bad one. Thank you for your help, Krshia. Can I get some of the goods on this list? I’m shopping, but if you have time, I’d be grateful if I could speak to you? After work?”
She dipped her head again. And if she’d had ears, she’d have lowered them. It was—subtly—a show of respect. The other Gnolls watching murmured.
They knew who she was. Even if what they knew was that she was a former [Thief], or that she was Lyonette of The Wandering Inn. But some knew, and Lyonette was being—polite. To Krshia. And because they saw that, it mattered.
Krshia for her part, smiled.
“Of course I have time for you, Lyonette! After my work, certainly. I am only working another hour; I will have my assistant take over.”
“Oh? You have an assistant now?”
Krshia grinned.
“The times must change, yes? Just to sell goods. I run my store as usual, but yes. Let us meet at my apartment then. I have some of what you want. For the rest—try Samikha’s Butchery. You know it? She has some fresh Corusdeer venison, very good. And there was some beef at…”
Lyonette didn’t waste Krshia’s time. She ducked her head again, thanked Krshia, and walked off. And the Gnolls murmured, and a few more resolved to greet her the next day.
Small changes in Liscor. The new construction zone had tons of [Builders] and [Workers] marching towards it, some grumbling about their Human co-workers. A group of rookie Humans in the Watch were marching behind Tkrn. Lyonette saw it all, perhaps more clearly than Erin. She was part of the city. Erin—had her inn.
After an hour, Lyonette had stowed her purchases in Erin’s inn and made the walk to Krshia’s apartment. The Gnoll was already waiting. She spread her arms as Lyonette came in.
“Ah, Lyonette Marquin. So you did it, hrm? And how was it? Did everything go well? Pawn, he came to my store and I gave him some…tips. Did they help?”
She gave Lyonette a wicked look. The Gnoll woman did not beat about the bush. Lyonette blushed again. She sat down on the couch as Krshia made them some tea.
