7.16 L
Page 4
“I’m not a [Queen]. There is a difference. But I’m close. I’ll get more powerful Skills than if I were a [Lady]. I’m Level 19. When I hit Level 20, I’ll get something…good. I hope. And when I do—I’ll be one of the most eligible bachelorettes in Terandria my age.”
She smiled, and her eyes lit up at the thought.
“I would be! Imagine that! Right up there with Princess Ozena of Ailendamus, or Duchess Greina of Noelictus. Or I would be, if I weren’t unfit. Ruined. Thanks to someone.”
She looked at Pawn. The Worker was nodding, and then he paused.
“Oh. Me.”
That was it. Mrsha decided she was done. She pushed her plate back from the table and smacked her paws onto the top, making the dishes jump. So did Pawn and Lyonette. They looked at her, saw the glare, and realized.
“Mrsha, don’t hit the—”
Lyonette faltered as Mrsha gave her a gaze that spoke volumes. She leaned over and whispered urgently to Pawn. She tried to keep her voice down, but Mrsha’s ears were too good.
“Pawn. I think she knows about last night.”
“Uh oh. Oh no. Is this bad?”
“Yes! I mean—I’m not ashamed. But Mrsha—”
“How does she know?”
Lyonette hesitated and turned red.
“I changed the sheets, obviously, but Gnoll noses—um, Mrsha? Honey, why don’t we talk…you see, Pawn. And I—and we—”
The Antinium paused.
“I am very fond of Lyonette, Mrsha. Last night, we entered into sexu—mghf.”
He made a sound as Lyonette covered his mandibles with her hands. The little Gnoll stared at the [Princess]’ flushed face. She looked at Pawn. The Gnoll glowered.
Hmf! Adults!
She climbed down from the table, got onto her two legs, and walked off. Not padded off on all fours, but stomped away to go find Drassi or someone else worthy of her attention.
The two watched Mrsha walk off. Lyonette opened and closed her mouth, but she didn’t know what to say. At least Mrsha wasn’t going to tell anyone. She looked at Pawn.
“I’ll talk to her tonight, Pawn. Don’t worry. But—maybe let’s find another bedroom. I can reserve the one down the hall, now the Workers are on the third floor…”
She whispered to him and he nodded. The two smiled at each other, held hands, engrossed. But then—they did part.
They both had jobs. And this was secret. No one but Mrsha knew the truth in this inn. And they had to keep it a secret. Lyonette didn’t feel like being judged. Least of all by Erin.
Erin being Erin, she’d go ballistic at the thought of anything improper. Which was everything, apparently. As for Pawn—he kept it a secret because Lyonette thought it should be secret.
Affairs, clandestine meetings, secrets—all that was bread and butter to Lyonette, who had grown up in Calanfer. And Pawn naturally let her show him how things were done.
“I’ll see you tonight. Bring the other Antinium if Klbkch doesn’t stop you. And the books.”
Lyonette bade farewell to Pawn. And then she got back to work. The Antinium Worker walked out of the inn, a new Pawn. And he stretched his arms up to the sky, all four of them.
He had a new Skill. And the day—everything was different. Pawn smiled, because he understood more of what happiness was. And he was a [Priest] who worshipped only that. And heaven.
 
—-
 
“Ishkr, you have the inn. You can manage, right? Erin’s asleep, so she probably won’t start anything. You need something?”
“No, Lyonette. I’ll manage the inn.”
The [Waiter]—now a [Head Waiter] by virtue of a promotion—nodded to Lyonette. She waited. The Gnoll looked at her as the inn moved. The Players of Celum were coming in for breakfast and rehearsals, the staff were serving guests…
