7.16 L
Page 8
“I didn’t plan anything, Krshia. Honestly, I didn’t think it would happen—not with all the craziness in the inn. But we had our weekly chats—which turned into twice a week, and then three times—and I showed Pawn how to dance and…”
“You two grew closer?”
“Not just that. It was Pawn…being Pawn. How can I explain it? When the Antinium do something, they do it with everything they have. They don’t know how to be half-hearted. When Pawn loves me, he does. More than any suitor back home.”
All the artificial romance, the odes some [Poet] had written for the [Princes] and [Lords] and [Earls] and so on for her, the gifts or deeds—all of it was fake when you compared it to the genuine thing. And Pawn…he didn’t know deceit. That was why Lyonette had loved him.
It had started with a kiss on his cheek. Only—she hadn’t had to kiss a frog to undo a polymorph curse. Her prince had been right from the beginning.
“As it should be. I am envious. Truly, I wish for a connection like that. For youth, to find one for me. But I have had good relationships. And I can keep myself pleased.”
Krshia smiled at Lyonette. And while she was not mother to Lyonette, as Lyonette was to Mrsha, she was like an older sister or simply an older female friend. One willing to teach Lyonette.
She’d never had that from her mother or her sisters, not like this. Lyonette dipped her head again.
“Thank you, Krshia Silverfang. I’m in your debt again. If I can do anything…”
The Gnoll woman raised a paw.
“Ryoka Griffin paid your debt. And you gave me a class. Erin Solstice gave Brunkr hope—and you—his wish. You have done so much for one not of your tribe—and now yours. Mrsha. And you do me favors. That [Farmer], Wailant Strongheart, was a boon. So too will be Octavia. And the Gnolls who are learning to be [Actors] are grateful. We have no debts between us. We are tribe-sisters.”
The statement made Lyonette’s eyes go misty. She felt her eyes water and brushed at them.
“What? Krshia! That’s—are you sure? Oh no. I’m—”
Only a Gnoll or someone like Lyonette would have known what that meant. Krshia got up, laughing quietly, and put one arm around Lyonette, squeezing. Lyonette wiped her eyes, then cried a bit.
Such days. Who could have imagined they would be like this? Lyonette sniffed as she leaned against Krshia. No debts between sisters. Just give and give. Lean on each other in times of strife, support each other in days of plenty.
It was an honor. And Krshia had delivered it so casually. But how else would a Gnoll do it? She had stated fact and it had been so. Krshia had said this for no other Human. Not for Erin, whom she owed a debt and protected. Not even for Ryoka. She was a friend, but no sister.
Lyonette would have liked to have been a Gnoll. But she rested her hand on Krshia’s shoulder and saw the Gnoll woman’s eyes were a bit wet. And then Lyonette told her friend something else.
“Actually—I leveled up after last night. I think it’s related. But—”
Krshia started laughing. So did Lyonette. The two laughed as they went back to their seats.
“Truly? Give me your class and I will reach Level 50 in a year. Ah, how convenient! But—such is the name, yes? Worldly. Perhaps what you need is to experience all things. Not other men—but learning to bake as you have done. All things. You do have a love for it.”
Lyonette nodded. When had she discovered she loved leveling up? Learning? Growing? It did fit her. She glanced at Krshia.
“Pawn leveled up too. Think that’s related?”
The Gnoll choked on her tea. She coughed, snorted, and shook her head.
