7.16 L
Page 5
And Lyonette realized Ishkr had nothing more to say. He had that kind of…incredible, normal competence combined with the ability to not add to someone’s workload that made him so valuable. Drassi would have had opinions. Erin? Erin was chaos.
“Well then, thank you. I’ll be back!”
Lyonette left the inn and walked through the hallway towards the magic door. She passed by a wide-eyed group of teenagers, a few years younger than her.
No—her age, really. Lyonette blinked. They were her age, but they felt younger. She was eighteen. But she looked different than them, her hair tied back, wearing her work clothes. Indeed, they were staring around.
“Look at this place! And we’re in Liscor? Farmer Strongheart was telling the truth! We’ve gotta tell the others!”
They were from Celum. Just—[Farmers], or maybe [Farmhands], from a nearby farm. Lyonette smiled as they hurried towards the door and stared about.
“Hello! The Wandering Inn is open at all times! The door isn’t always set to the Strongheart farm, but if they’re willing, you can wait there to be let through. It’s never more than ten minutes, usually.”
The two teens jumped and stared at Lyonette. One of them ducked his head nervously. The girl curtsied.
“Thank you, Miss! My folks’d love to see this place! There’s a play, right? Can we come back through again? For…free?”
“Absolutely. We might ask for a few coppers at some point, but we’ll put up a sign. And the Stronghearts are friends of the inn.”
The [Princess] smiled. Always good to put some thoughts in the heads of people. The two teens looked at each other. The Stronghearts were friends of the inn. They cautiously walked past Lyonette as she walked over to the door. She adjusted it for Liscor, and walked through.
It was another day. Another day, and yet—Lyonette felt like much had changed since yesterday. In more ways than one. And since it had—she had to tell someone about it.
Again, not Erin. Lyonette liked Erin Solstice, she really did. The young woman had saved her from death by exposure in the winter. She’d given Lyonette more chances than she’d deserved. She was a good person, even if she was slightly…Erin.
But Erin had flaws. Her good nature, belief in people, and willingness to accept anyone from Goblins to Antinium was also coupled with a stubbornness that a Minotaur would respect, a short fuse when it came to some matters, an inability to manage money or think politically…
And, recently, an aversion to anything sexual. Well, that had been a rather interesting day. But Lyonette wasn’t discussing Pawn with Erin. But she had to tell someone. So she went to her friends.
Lyonette du Marquin had friends in Liscor. Not many, but they existed. The first of them was running a stall down Market Street. And she was a Gnoll.
Councilwoman Krshia was still working her day-job, even if she participated in Council meetings regularly. They had a schedule. By day, the Council worked, by night they enacted laws, argued, and did what they thought was good for the city.
It was interesting, to see Krshia and Lism hawking goods and talking with their constituents. Both [Shopkeepers] had lines. Their regular customers and people who wanted to put a bee in their ear about some new law…metaphorically.
Lyonette had an actual bee. Apista was currently flying around the Garden of Sanctuary, pollinating flowers, drinking nectar, and getting high on faerie flowers. It was a good life, if lonely for her. She didn’t have a bug-mate.
