7.16 L
Page 19
It seemed that Klbkch’s star had only risen from the day he had died. But…then why did he stride down the streets, hunched, tense? Why did even seasoned criminals flinch away as they walked through the shadowed streets?
Perhaps because their [Dangersense] screamed at them. If they crossed him today, they died. The Antinium, usually the calm, controlled half of the duo, walked as if he wanted a fight.
And you had to remember. Always remember what Manus remembered. What Zel Shivertail had known. It was easier, these days, to look at Klbkch’s taller silhouette, the way his gaze moved, impassive, staring.
He was more than just Senior Guardsman Klbkch. More than Revalantor Klbkch. He was Klbkchhezeim of the Free Antinium. He had many names. And one was Klbkch the Slayer.
And angry? Who could remember seeing Klbkch in a fury? Few. That was why he had been partnered with the Drake who strode next to him. But they forgot, again. The other reason in those first days had been that Relc was the only one who could have stopped him.
“I just don’t get it. I wonder—why we weren’t put on watching Bearclaw? I asked Captain Z.”
The voice that echoed down the street was cheerful. Cheerful, deep—casual—but even Relc had an edge in his voice. He was angry. Klbkch turned his head. And his voice was flat.
“Because you would not have waited. You would engage Bearclaw without evidence.”
“Yeah. And?”
“And I would let you.”
Relc paused. He looked at his longtime partner, Klbkch. And he paused as the two turned a corner. There was no need for either to particularly keep a lookout. Any criminality was making tracks away from them. And [Pickpockets] five streets away were hearing of the two on patrol and deciding to replace the coin pouches. On a day like today, anyone caught would be losing teeth.
“I’m sensing a bit of tension, Klbkch. You mad about Bearclaw too? Or is this the ‘sorry-you-don’t-have-a-thing-party?’ I said I stand by it.”
“No. You are a fool, Relc. This isn’t about Bearclaw. This is a matter which concerns my Hive.”
“Oh. Right. The other Antinium. You said. I still don’t get the problem. They’re fine, aren’t they?”
Klbkch looked at Relc. He shifted his grip on his sword.
“They are disobeying my orders. They are leaving the Hive. Not just one. First the inn—”
“That was hilarious. I told you, Klb, buddy, it was just—”
The burly Drake paused. One of the Antinium’s swords had moved ever-so-slightly in its sheathes. And Relc felt a slight bell ringing in his head.
[Dangersense]. The Drake hesitated. Something was off. Klbkch didn’t act like this. Relc hadn’t brought up the issue before. But it occurred to him it might be important. Someone could get cut, and he was pretty sure he didn’t want it to be him.
“Klb, talk to me. We’re partners. What’s the problem? Insubordination. You know that happens. Like, what if we were in the army? You know [Soldiers] break the rules. Sometimes some of them get drunk. Liscor’s army, hah, well, we have a lot of hard-tails, but it happens. And you discipline them—hard—but it happens. What’s the issue?”
Klbkch stopped in the street. He turned to Relc, and his mandibles opened.
“The issue is that Antinium do not break rules! We are not Drakes or Gnolls. They are disobeying my orders. They need—discipline. And I do not know how to manage them. Teach them. All of them have flaws. Belgrade, Anand, Yellow Splatters—Pawn. I do not want to manage them.”
