7.16 L
Page 14
Zevara shrugged self-consciously.
“Just me thinking on it. Feels like it’s confirming…in other cities Gnolls get hauled in more often. I’ve heard other Watch Captains say Gnolls turn more to crime than Drakes. I didn’t believe it; Liscor’s big names are all Drake, but these two outsiders? No—”
She sighed, rubbing at her brows.
“I’ve kept Liscor fair, which is why the Gnoll population is what it is and the Watch is trusted.”
“Can’t you ask anyone else if…sorry, I know I’m not helping.”
The Drake shook her head, but not in denial.
“We tried that. Of course, we did. Mister Soot was pinned at the same point as Bearclaw around the time she was unobserved. So we tried to grab him to ask what happened. But…”
“He’s dead?”
The Watch Captain blinked.
“If that happened, Liscor’s criminals would be in uproar. No. Mister Soot…has gone missing. He doesn’t want to be brought in. And that tells me everything I need to know.”
“So? What can you do? If you know she did it…”
Zevara clenched one fist.
“The law is the law. I’m doing everything I can, Lyonette. Between you and me—I know it’s her. But she’s protected. I go after her and break any law, and I’ll hear it. Just this morning, someone was complaining that Bearclaw was questioned twice. Already, they’re spinning the Gnoll angle. Bastard. It’s Soot, or someone else. They’re good at shouting loud. At least I have the Council on my side.”
Lyonette was nodding, her mind racing ahead of the conversation. They were both working at their jobs, and Lyonette sometimes talked to Zevara about this. She wondered if Krshia knew about Bearclaw. Surely so. What did the Gnolls think? Zevara went on.
“I have my best people watching her every step. Unfortunately, we can’t follow her into buildings. And there are rat warrens in the city, even if we try to get rid of them. I don’t know what she wants or when she’ll move. And when she does—if I’m too late, someone dies.”
She sighed. And looked tired. The [Princess] stared at Zevara.
“I’m sorry about the two Senior Guards.”
“Thank you. I’m sorry to burden you with this. Keep it quiet, obviously. The official word is the Senior Guards ran into a Hollowstone Deceiver. Three of them, so they couldn’t run. Freak accident. I had to tell their families that. And Bearclaw was offering condolences.”
Zevara’s eyes blazed. She was also smoking. Lyonette coughed and Zevara looked up. She stopped.
“Enough. I’ll drink enough that my breath turns into flames if I don’t take my mind off it. You—what’s happened?”
She eyed Lyonette. And suddenly the [Princess] was in the hot seat. Zevara had been a [Guardswoman] and then a Senior Guardswoman before becoming Watch Captain. One of Liscor’s best. She had put away the Drake gang leader before Mister Soot—or rather, got him exiled.
She had a history. And she was sharper than Lyonette liked, especially about Lyonette’s past. She knew more than she had ever discussed with Lyonette. She’d had Lyonette’s artifacts appraised by Montressa.
“Well…I leveled up. And gained a new Skill.”
“Really? Which one?”
“[Magnified Training].”
Zevara’s brows bounced up.
“Really? That’s useful. I wish I could slap that on most of my [Guards]. You still training with the sword?”
“That’s right.”
“Hm. Good. Anything precipitate the level up? I remember you saying how hard it was to level in your…‘[Barmaid]’ class. Which, obviously, has that Skill.”
The [Princess] winced. But only internally. She schooled her face into a polite, rueful smile and shrugged delicately.
“Well, I’m an [Inn Manager] these days. Didn’t I tell you?”
The female Drake’s face never moved.
