7.16 L
Page 18
The people around Zevara and Jeiss stopped. The Watch Captain nodded.
“And she took us apart, and the Gnolls. Even Relc. Well—that’s an outside threat.”
“Not the only one. High-level bastards keep coming.”
The Senior Guardsman’s tone was dark. Zevara looked at him. And around at the other [Guards]. They went back to work, but they’d been listening. So, the Watch Captain raised her voice as Lyonette applied a bit of healing potion to her bruises. Otherwise Pawn would just worry and heal her.
“Gather around, everyone!”
The people in the training grounds looked up. They filed over, Gnolls, Drakes, and Humans, standing in their little knot. Amusingly, around Lyonette; they seemed to think she was one of them. The [Princess] listened as Zevara raised her voice.
“Listen up. I want to tell you all something. Everyone here. The Watch is growing. We’re getting new people in. Humans. Maybe even Garuda or Dullahans. Dead gods, I’d take a Centaur if he offered, even with all those damn puffers.”
“What about a Minotaur, Watch Captain?”
There was a laugh, a bit nervous. Zevara turned her head.
“Anyone, Guardsman Jeiss. Anyone. Because Liscor is growing. You all heard the [Architect] is on the way?”
There were nods. Zevara gestured towards the distant walls.
“Well, that’s just the start. We’re going to be a bigger city. Which means money, more people—hopefully something to say we built, with the Antinium, but because we were here. Together. But with that comes more people. More monsters. More crime. Some of it’s already come this way.”
Bearclaw. No one said it out loud. Zevara paused.
“We’re going to train harder. New recruits, Senior Guards—and everyone in between. No one dies on my Watch. Got it?”
There was a murmur.
“Yes, Watch Captain!”
Jeiss saluted. And Lyonette saw Zevara nodding to the other [Guards]. The [Princess] saw the Watch Captain speaking to new recruits. Stiffly, but—
There was leadership. Morale, of her own kind. Lyonette slipped away as Zevara got back to work. But—she looked at the Watch. And she saw it there.
Anger. Their city had been invaded. This wouldn’t stand. And she worried. And she should have been worrying.
Because today was the day Klbkch visited The Wandering Inn.
 
—-
 
The Watch knew. And their anger kept the streets quiet of crime. Casual [Thieves] lay low. [Thugs] hid from the storm.
But among the kind of people close to Bearclaw, there was no cessation. They had heard. Senior Guardsman died. And they laughed, and beheld the cracks in the system. The city.
And what slithered among the cracks, widening them? Bearclaw. She was being watched. Three Senior Guard pairings were keeping her under watch at all times.
Not this one. They walked down the streets on regular patrol. One was angry. The other?
Far beyond that. Klbkch’s body was still surprising to many who saw it. A slim Antinium, taller than all but a Soldier, and with two arms, a leaner body and compact frame compared to regular Antinium had replaced the affable Worker form.
Senior Guardsman Klbkch looked…better. More humanoid. And he was faster. Stronger. Not that many had seen him fight. Ever since his death, Klbkch had never been wounded. Not in any struggle. He had been Guardsman Klbkch.
And then, Revalantor Klbkch. Revalantor. One who had found the purpose of his Hive. Who ushered that purpose forwards. And he had found it in the Individual Workers. And then—the Painted Antinium.
