7.16 L
Page 16
Lyonette saw the Junior Guards were being drilled in basic combat. Those with combat classes were being taught the law or led on patrols, but Liscor’s Watch demanded a level of proficiency from most Guards in a fight.
Not necessarily too much; most Guards just had to hold their own in a fight. Subduing monsters and high-level nuisances were jobs for Senior Guards, who were specialists. The average competence of a [Guard] was dependent on the city’s standards.
And by the looks of it, Zevara had raised the bar. The Drake had a training sword and she was demonstrating a fight with Jeiss as Lyonette walked around the watching trainees and regular [Guards]. She didn’t recognize anyone but Jeiss and Beilmark; she didn’t actually know that many [Guards].
That was almost a failing, because the Watch numbered in the thousands. And many were watching as Zevara and Jeiss squared off.
“You look a bit off, Watch Captain.”
Jeiss had a glint in his eye. He looked angry—so did many of the [Guards]. Not at Zevara. The entire Watch had to know what had happened.
“Never mind me, Jeiss. I hear we have weights from Magus Grimalkin. Do you have the recruits on them?”
Zevara lanced out with her sword. Jeiss parried and slashed; she was already stepping back.
“Not yet, Captain. I’d prefer them knowing how to fight. By the way—”
He stepped in. Lyonette saw his blade flicker.
[Double Cut]! But Zevara actually blocked both cuts! One high, one low, simultaneously. She still fell back, shaking out her claw. The watchers murmured. Both Drakes were good!
“Point. Take notes, guards! It’s not all fancy fighting like Jeiss dishes out. Sometimes you’re fighting with less than a foot of space between you and someone else, behind a bar. And sometimes—”
She blew smoke straight at Jeiss. He coughed, swearing, backing up and slashing with the wooden sword. When his vision cleared, he leapt back, looking for Zevara.
She wasn’t advancing on him. Instead, the Drake had bent. She had a bit of the training yard’s grit in one claw. She threw it in his eyes.
“Ancestors damn it—”
Zevara poked Jeiss in the chest as he swore with the tip of her sword. She turned to the audience who was laughing at the sight. The Drake’s glower shut them up.
“That would be the end of Senior Guardsman Jeiss if I’d had a real blade. And yes, he was going easy on me, but be careful. Your enemies don’t fight fair. The fairest fight you’ll get is a monster. And even then, there are the Raskghar.”
The Watch sobered. Zevara turned.
“Sorry, Jeiss.”
“No, it’s a good demonstration. I have to watch my eyes around you, Watch Captain. Ancestors. Beilmark, pass me some water? The rest of you—we’re going to practice not getting blinded like I was!”
Lyonette heard groans from his trainees. Zevara for her part leaned on her blade. She was rapidly sobering, or she had a liver like a [Drunkard]’s. She looked up as Lyonette approached.
“Are you still practicing? Mind teaching me something?”
Zevara glanced at the practice sword the [Princess] was carrying.
“I never actually asked how good you were.”
“I learned from a good fighter. But it’s mostly practice. Yvlon taught me some tricks. But I could practice.”
“Then show me.”
The Drake leaned on her sword, not even bothering to move. Lyonette raised her brows. She lifted her sword, paused. She didn’t have [Flawless Attempt]. But Zevara was underestimating—
 
—-
 
“…Ow.”
Thirty minutes later, Lyonette picked up her sword again. Her wrist ached from where Zevara had slapped it with her sword. It wasn’t the only ache; Lyonette had bruises.
