7.16 L
Page 22
Relc scratched at his neck-spines. He handed the colorful brochure to Kelli. She read, intrigued, as he went on.
“It’s ‘high-investment yield’—no, wait—‘high-yield investment’ in adventuring teams, [Mage] research, and so on. On other continents, even! You give money to the fund, and whenever there’s a breakthrough—and there are, trust me—you get money back.”
“What? A fund for…adventurers? Why do they need gold?”
The Drake looked blank. Relc grinned.
“It’s the newest thing. I know you haven’t heard about it, but it’s spreading like wildfire. Someone from Pallass set me onto it. This Garuda chick I knew. Not a chick, but…anyways.”
He coughed, and went on.
“Okay, so the way it works is that a lotta high-level people are making amazing stuff. Sage’s Grass? An [Alchemist] made that. New spells? [Mages]. Adventurers go into dungeons and get loot. But they all need money, right?”
“Right. Actually…that makes sense. I never thought about it that way.”
Relc was grinning and nodding.
“See? Mostly, they have to work to get to that point. But what if they were funded? At least, the good ideas? That’s what someone’s doing. And it doesn’t have to be one rich person! So a bunch of people are pooling their coin—just a bit from each person, and giving it to this big fund. And it’s being managed. It’s called…investment.”
“…That word exists, Relc.”
“I know, but it’s this concept. Anyways—you get paid depending on how much you put in. I have contracts here…and it’s all recorded by [Scribes] and stuff. And you get money for signing other people up. It all adds up to your payout—and it’s monthly!”
“Wow. So—it pays?”
Relc was grinning, genuinely delighted to be putting people onto it.
“You give money, and you’ll get it back, especially if you help sign up more people. There’s actually an enlistment bonus—sign up eight people and your money’s back! And you get payouts from what you invested as well! Look! I’ve signed up thirty people and look how much I made!”
He reached for a money pouch and showed Kelli. Gold. She blinked at three, fat gold coins.
“Wait, you made that?”
“Sure did. It’s a gold coin per ten people, and that’s on top of the money I made back. And I’m getting a monthly payout of fifteen silver. I know, not a lot, but I’m going to add to the money I put in and get more back. So? Whaddya say? Sounds great, right?”
“It sounds amazing? But why isn’t everyone on top of it?”
Relc glanced around surreptitiously.
“To tell you the truth…I’ve only been sharing it with people I like. You know? Getting them a head start. Because the enlistment bonus is real. I mean, that gold? That was put in my claws by the Merchant’s Guild. They’re actually offering it. The Guildmaster was all over it.”
“Really?”
The burly Drake nodded. His tail was wagging with excitement.
“Believe it. I hear the Merchant’s Guilds around the world are getting on it, which is why I want to move fast. Get more gold, you know? But it’s gonna be great. Well, it’s a new concept. Brilliant stuff, you know? Imagine a Gold-rank team being…crowdfunded by people to buy the best gear available? Crowd funding, that’s what it is.”
The Drake woman was nodding with Relc. This was good. And—ironically, it was coming from Relc so she believed it. He could be a fool, but he was a Senior Guardsman. And if the Merchant’s Guilds were on top of it…
“So one group is doing this? Wait. Is this related to the inn?”
That made her nervous. You heard stories. Relc shook his head.
