7.16 L
Page 11
She peered worriedly at Lyonette. The [Princess] blinked at her—and she came back into the world.
Two hours had passed. Lyonette let go of the knife, sheepishly.
“I—didn’t mean cut my throat. I just need to know how sharp a blade is. I’ll only be able to create a blade as sharp as something I understand. So the easiest way is to cut yourself. Lightly. I’ll heal it with a potion.”
Krshia stared at Lyonette. The Gnoll looked at the young woman, unnerved. And Lyonette wondered what she’d seen.
“Then—you learned the spell? Just so? Just like that?”
The young woman started.
“What? No. Of course not. I’m not even a tenth of the way there.”
“But then—you are partly there?”
For answer, Lyonette raised her hand. And the air in Krshia’s apartment moved. A gentle breeze touched the two for a moment. Krshia’s eyes went round. Lyonette smiled weakly.
“Told you. It’s utility. I understand how to move the wind weakly. But I’d need to study that at least a dozen more times. And—”
She realized there was something on her nose. She brushed at a tissue gently stuck there. Krshia pointed at it.
“Ah, you had a nosebleed. Just a small one.”
The [Princess] realized her head was aching. She suddenly felt stupid. She had to sit down for a bit.
“Wow. I’m exhausted. I can barely think—”
“But you remember the spell?”
Krshia had more tea and some stamina potion in Lyonette’s cup. The [Princess] nodded.
“I do. I do.”
“Your Skill. It is unfair. Give it to me.”
The Gnoll woman held a paw out. Lyonette laughed.
“It’s a [Princess]’ Skill. But—Krshia, that book is incredible. You shouldn’t be able to learn a Tier 3 spell like that, even with my Skills.”
She looked wide-eyed at Krshia. The Gnoll smiled.
“A gift unmatched. One wonders…but that is Ryoka Griffin’s secret. And we shall thank the one called Teriarch. Even if no Archmage in living memory has that name.”
The name sounded vaguely familiar to Lyonette. She frowned.
“Could I…try to learn that spell again?”
“Lyonette du Marquin. What kind of fool would I be if I did not allow it?”
Krshia gave Lyonette a look over her cup, and snorted softly.
“What madness is this? All these young people, growing like grass about me. By all means, come back and learn.”
“Thank you. But you’re not exactly leveling up slowly yourself?”
The [Royal Shopkeeper] and [Councilwoman] stroked the fur around her chin, and chuckled.
“I suppose not. But still—I cannot help but be envious. I only wish that Mrsha could learn. But she must be the most low-level of [Mages]. As children are. A pity. Even so.”
Lyonette bit her lip, covering it with a sip of tea. The one secret she had was that Mrsha was a [Druid]. Krshia was her sister, but some things you didn’t tell even sisters. Like Erin’s exact level.
Tribe-sisters and Lyonette’s family. Well, they were so close. But the young woman wanted to keep a few of those secrets. Like Erin’s specific tales from her world.
“Enough. Too much for one day! Let us just celebrate. Both this new knowledge, your level, and Pawn. And do tell me—which one of my selection did you use?”
Lyonette laughed as Krshia steered the conversation back. She refused to answer, and after another fifteen minutes, she excused herself. She and Krshia had taken a long time with the studying.
 
—-
 
“Thank you for everything. And yes—definitely. I can take more time off, maybe meet in two days? Tomorrow? Come to the inn and we’ll discuss it—Erin misses you!”
