7.16 L
Page 9
“I do not know what Pawn is. But—he is unique. I am just glad for you, Lyonette. When you reach Level 20, we must hold a celebration, yes? Gnolls and the inn. A party worthy of it!”
She patted Lyonette’s knee. The [Princess] smiled. Krshia knew about Pawn’s class. Just like she knew about Lyonette being a [Princess]. The young woman had told her secrets. And in turn—Krshia had told her little tribe-sister some of her secrets.
“I know the Meeting of Tribes is coming, Krshia. I…I’ll miss you.”
Krshia’s eyes softened. She flicked her paw.
“Ah, well, it won’t be long. We’d have set out earlier, but Erin’s door will save us so much time. Four hundred miles of it, and skirting the Bloodfields is the biggest boon of all. There is so much land between Liscor and Pallass. It still boggles my mind. You know, there are cities, Drake ones that are closer to Liscor. I wonder, when the road is done, if we might trade with them as well as Pallass.”
Lyonette nodded. She inhaled slowly.
“Krshia…about your gift to the other tribes. Well—my Skill from this morning is [Magnified Training]. Which does what you think. It’s a Skill for [Soldiers], [Students], you know? I was wondering…could I try using the spellbook?”
Across from her, Krshia Silverfang’s eyes widened. Her brown eyes fixed on Lyonette. And the [Princess] saw the Gnoll’s fur stand up slightly.
“You? Lyonette Marquin? But you are no [Mage].”
“No. But I know you have Mrsha learning from it now and then…”
Krshia had asked permission after the fact. She said it was only now and then, and Lyonette hoped that was true. The [Princess] hesitated.
“I can cast [Light] and a few minor spells. But I was taught in magical theory. Most royals are. So I was thinking…I could try learning spells. I told you, Mrsha’s too young to memorize full spells. But I can cast magic. So, if you’re willing…”
She waited. Even knowing about Ryoka’s gift was a sign of trust that had made them this close. Krshia drummed her paws on the armrest of the couch. And then she slowly nodded.
“For you, Lyonette? Of course. I did not say we were tribe-sisters casually. Come.”
She stood. Lyonette followed her into the room. The Gnoll cautioned her to stay back while she undid the traps and locks. And then—she brought out the tome.
The young woman gasped. She had never seen the book in actuality, just known it was there. But this?
“Calanfer would trade hundreds of thousands of gold pieces’ worth for this, Krshia. Even if it’s only spells from Tier 0 to Tier…what, Tier 4?”
“Tier 3 or Tier 4. I forget myself. I cannot read it. Can you?”
Krshia let Lyonette read it on her bed. The [Princess] squinted at the magical writing.
“…Vaguely. Most [Mages] learn Skills to help them. And to memorize spells. Someone who can cast magic without help, or something that enhances their natural magic is rare.”
“You can do it.”
The Gnoll woman looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] smiled, a bit sadly.
“Superior breeding, my parents would say. Marquin children have natural mana pools that are larger than most people. Let me see this book, though…”
She flipped through the pages. Indeed, Lyonette saw at a glance why Mrsha wouldn’t be learning new spells. This was complex. But at the same time…there was a flow to the instruction that made it seem simpler than most spellbooks. As if, indeed, this book was teaching the spell rather than just listing it without instruction.
“Forget Calanfer. You could sell this to Wistram for one of their Archmages. What are the bookmarks for?”
“Ah—spells Mrsha wanted to try to learn. You see?”
