7.16 L
Page 0

(The author is taking a break! The Wandering Inn will resume updating on April 11th for Patreon readers. April 14th for Public readers!)

 
Frustration. Black despair. Rage and helpless…loss. The memories came more frequently, now. It was easier looking into a void. But seeing fragments, incomplete, broken reflections of what had been was far worse if you remembered…glory.
Perfection as it had existed in this wretched world.
Time had run out. There were no more excuses today. No more distractions, magical drinks, or misunderstandings regarding genitalia.
One of them had quit. QUIT. As if you could walk away from what you were, what you had been made for. And the rest were insubordinate.
Especially…him. Pawn. He had disobeyed all orders, not even bothering to make excuses anymore. Where the other ones tiptoed around the lines, he walked over them.
The True Antinium’s fury was directed at him. Fury. And the dark resolve to restore order. A kind of enmity born from frustration and—confusion.
Today was going to be a day of causality. Casualty. And it was Pawn to whom the enmity was directed. Pawn, upon whom Klbkch laid much of the blame for the state of his Hive, the failure as he saw it. Pawn, he abhorred for what he was.
He was not the only one.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn was a peaceful place of late. Or rather, if there was madness, it wasn’t of the inn-destroying, monsteriffic kind. There really was a rhythm to it.
As the day began, early in the morning before even most of the guests were at work, Lyonette personally served people. Only a handful.
“Can I get a big meal of something pasta-heavy? I’m working all day.”
A [Laborer] Gnoll waved a paw at the [Princess]. She brought out lasagna after a moment, piping hot; it just needed to be warmed up. And it was fresh as the moment Erin had made it.
Western food. It was heavy on the stomach, but there was nothing like it for people who wanted it in a hurry, and needed the kind of energy it produced.
The kind of people who could metabolize an entire bowl of ice cream, a slice of cake, and pizza with no consequences because they were going to burn that much energy. They existed. Of course, most people shouldn’t ever copy that example, but The Wandering Inn had a small clientele of [Worker]-classes who rose at the crack of dawn and liked getting their food in a moment. And Relc.
As for the staff and other guests, well, Lyonette served them too. Erin Solstice’s face seemed glued to the table. She’d been playing chess all last night. Up into the daylight, with her mystery opponent. Lyonette hesitated before putting some oatmeal in front of Erin’s face. She had a feeling that if it had gone right under Erin as the [Innkeeper] put her face down, Erin Solstice would have drowned.
“Late night?”
“Mm. I stayed up laaaaate. But my opponent did too. They kept wanting to play so I…y’know?”
“And that makes it better?”
The [Princess] raised a brow. Erin looked at her blearily.
“Yes…?”
“At least you have [Twofold Rest].”
“Mm. Still doesn’t help if you only get two hours of sleep.”
Lyonette du Marquin, 6th Princess in line for the Eternal Throne of Calanfer, sighed. She gestured at the bowl.
“Eat. And then take an hour’s nap.”
“Yes, Mom.”
The [Princess] paused. She adjusted her tray of food, which she balanced on one arm. Then she leaned over and poked Erin in the side.
It was a very Gnollish action. Erin yelped and sat up. She glared, but Lyonette was already walking away, smiling to herself. She stopped at a table with two diners. The [Princess] deposited her three mostly-identical plates on the table.
