7.16 L
Page 1
“Breakfast! Hamburger for you, Mrsha. And a little egg…whoops—without bread for you, Pawn. And here’s the ketchup…”
The two looked up. A little white Gnoll stared at her tiny hamburger on a bun, with an egg on the side. And the Antinium looked at his substantially larger hamburger, with three eggs. No bun.
Because of course, Pawn was Antinium. And Lyonette had for herself a copy of Mrsha’s meal.
“There’s a bit of sliced apple too, Mrsha. Don’t give me that look. You don’t need a big-person sized hamburger. That’s too much for your stomach. See? I have the same meal.”
Lyonette saw the little Gnoll child, her daughter, look pointedly at Pawn’s plate. And his hamburger was three times her size. Lyonette paused.
“Pawn can’t eat bread. And he’s a Worker.”
“Thank you for the food, Lyonette. Surely, Mrsha may have some of my meal.”
The Antinium Worker smiled at Lyonette. She smiled back, sliding in between the two. Mrsha nearly lifted her hamburger off the bun before she saw Lyonette’s warning look. She glumly stared at the fork Lyonette was nudging towards her. Mrsha nudged it back and picked up the hamburger and bun and chomped into it.
“Don’t spoil her, Pawn. Mrsha gets enough snacks from Gnolls anyways. I know she’s growing, but she doesn’t need to eat that much meat. Right?”
The [Princess] carefully ate her fried egg. Pawn nodded obligingly.
They were an odd trio. A [Druid], a [Princess], and a [Priest]. Of course, they were more than their classes. A white Gnoll, a member of Terandrian royalty, and an Antinium Worker.
…No, it was still an odd grouping. But they all had a connection. A strong one. Lyonette smiled as she lifted her fork towards her mouth. She saw Pawn eating with the Antinium gusto towards all food that wasn’t their horrible nutrient mush. But he was glancing at her, too. The two met eyes and paused to smile at each other.
One, a Human face, a young woman with red hair, a sign of royal blood in some parts of Terandria. The other, an Antinium, insect’s face. Waving antennae, multifaceted eyes. Two mandibles open, lifted in a smile. But their expressions were similar.
It was the expression, the exact same across two faces, of a nauseatingly cute couple in love. No one else in the inn really noticed. Erin was staring at the porridge, trying to remember how it worked. The other regulars were eating, chatting. Somewhere, Niers Astoragon was being poked by Foliana as he yawned into his bowl of soup.
But then again—someone was watching the sickening display. Someone, like Klbkch, harbored a grudge. A little Gnoll stared at Lyonette and Pawn. She stared at her food and folded her arms.
After a second, Lyonette and Pawn realized Mrsha was there again and went back to their meal. But they sat close to each other and they had that—new cadence to their dialogue.
“So…you’re going back to the Hive. Will Klbkch be angry with you?”
“Perhaps. But I believe I can mollify him with my new Skill. At any rate, I will try to come back tonight. With the others, of course. It makes no sense for us to avoid Erin’s inn.”
“Of course. I mean, it is silly for them not to come here. But Klbkch is angry?”
“Extremely so. But I will return. What—will you be doing?”
Pawn smiled again. Lyonette glanced around distractedly.
“Oh, I think I’ll go visit Krshia. Order some things personally—have our little chat. Then I’ll visit Zevara, and then I have to go back to managing the inn. Ishkr’s in charge so I can have the morning off.”
“Ah, that is very well. You deserve a break. But what about Mrsha?”
