7.16 L
Page 17
Zevara had none. She leaned on her sword.
“Not bad. But don’t try that in a fight.”
“Can you at least lie for me?”
“Hm. You’re pretty good with a sword. How’s that?”
The [Princess] scowled. But she had to admit—Zevara had trounced her hard. She hadn’t even used a Skill.
“I thought I could at least make you use one Skill. And you’re a [Warrior] class. Is there really that much of a gap between [Warriors] and non-[Warriors]?”
“I did use a Skill. Just one. The only one I need for most fights against civilians or criminals.”
“Really? But I didn’t see…”
The Drake snorted. The Watch was sparring or training—and some were indeed using the weights that Grimalkin had given the Watch. The Watch Captain nodded at Lyonette.
“[Lawbreaker’s Enemy]. It gives me an advantage in all ways against criminals.”
“But I’m not…oh.”
Lyonette blushed. Zevara looked at her.
“It doesn’t take into account your status, just—whether you break laws. It would be even stronger on someone else, but I’m faster and stronger. Against you. It works poorly on Jeiss. But he did break a few rules.”
“Thanks, Watch Captain. But Miss Lyonette isn’t that bad. She could be a [Guardswoman] with only a month or two’s hard work.”
The Drake grunted at Zevara. He’d been watching the exchange. The Watch Captain nodded.
“She might make the cut, Jeiss. She’s got [Magnified Training].”
“What a waste on her.”
“Thank you, Guardsman Jeiss.”
The Drake blushed slightly.
“Apologies, but it’s such a useful Skill. It enhances your training. You could probably try to learn a Skill with it.”
Lyonette paused in drinking from some water.
“Learn a Skill?”
She’d heard about that. Jeiss nodded and explained as Zevara took a draft of water.
“[Warriors] can learn a Skill. Like, say, [Power Strike]. Or a sword art, and so on. It doesn’t always manifest that way. But if you practice certain moves, it can happen.”
“Really? Then why doesn’t everyone…?”
The Drake laughed.
“Leveling is faster. It’s more like a…perk for hard work. You could expect to learn a skill from years of hard work! I suppose you could…upgrade certain Skills from practice. That’s how my [Speed Slash] turned into [Double Cut]. But you could aim for a new Skill in a year.”
“True. Keep practicing, Lyonette. Come here and I’ll hit you with a sword. That cheers me up. Relc’s too slippery.”
Zevara nodded at Lyonette. The [Princess] bit her lip on the fact that Erin had learned her Skill in a day. But that was Erin. Normal rules were like butter to Erin. You could take it or leave it or put it on toast, but it wasn’t an impediment to her.
“…Maybe I’ll use [Flawless Attempt] to practice. In between learning magic.”
“Magic is also good. We could use more [Mages], Watch Captain.”
“I’m working on it, Jeiss. We don’t exactly have great teachers and the average recruit doesn’t have magical abilities or the time to learn. I’ve got options. Give me time.”
Zevara sighed. Jeiss nodded.
“Too bad we don’t have combination Skills either. That would be useful against a monster.”
“Oh. Combination Skills?”
Lyonette paused. Zevara looked over.
“It’s not something you learn. It’s more like—an accident. If four [Warriors] use [Speed Slash] in combat, for instance. They can trigger it. Like combination spells. Did you see those damn [Mages] during the battle with Belchan’s army, Jeiss?”
“Sure did, Watch Captain. That was a rainbow combination spells of some kind. Damn, but I’d hate to fight them. Let alone any of the King of Destruction’s monsters.”
“We did fight one, remember? Wait—you weren’t there.”
“Gazi the Omniscient.”
