7.17 S
Page 4
Those were the bee’s thoughts. But who could hear them? No one. At least—no one listening. Not even the [Mages]. They just stared after Apista. Palt slowly fumbled out another cigar from his belt pouch.
“…Do you think Erin’s trained the bee to smell you, Palt? Can they smell?”
“She hasn’t. That bee just wants my cigar. It—she—has good taste.”
Palt glowered after the bee, from one smoker to another. Apista didn’t hear or care. She was high in the sky of her head—rather than in reality, which could be cold and dark and dead. She could do nothing to save the others.
And the one person who could have heard her was busy. A sopping wet Gnoll hung under one arm as Erin Solstice, dripping, stomped through the open door to the Garden of Sanctuary.
Heads rose. They stared at Erin as she put Mrsha down. Ishkr looked up from his job waiting a table. He looked at another Gnoll, a new hire. The rookie stared at Erin.
“Err—Ishkr?”
The other Gnoll, the veteran of The Wandering Inn, didn’t even look up as he went back to taking an order. The guest didn’t bat an eyelid as he requested a smoked fish. Nor did the other guests, after a quick look to make sure Erin didn’t explode or start spitting blood. Ishkr nodded to the new Gnoll [Waiter].
“Get a towel, Rkhi. Better make it two.”
“Erin. Trouble with water? Need a drying spell? How’s the planting going? Care for a round of cards?”
Palt tried to smile and hide his lit cigar as Erin turned her head to stare at him. The [Innkeeper] narrowed her eyes. She stomped over as Mrsha, quite proud of herself, walked over to the fire to get dry.
And that was the day. Erin sat down, taking a towel from Rkhi, grumbling about evil Gnolls and jerk-Goblins. Eying Palt’s cigar pointedly as he winced, and getting dealt into the hand of cards as Montressa and Beza leaned over, relieved to have someone to beat. After all—they weren’t bad at cards.
Palt was just too good. Lyonette came through, ready to relieve Ishkr, as the second shift began to replace the first one and the lunch crowd arrived in trickles from different locations. Mrsha sat by the fire, wondering why Apista had suddenly gone cloudy after being sad—she did that a lot. Bird sat in his tower and the Workers building the 3rd Floor got free bird samples, gratis.
Numbtongue was wondering if he could steal Apista’s cigar while he practiced fishing in the pond. He rather liked fishing. He might go mining later.
It was that kind of day. Nothing much was happening in The Wandering Inn, by the inn’s standards. The most that might happen was a conversation about thieving bees, which was just…boring.
In Liscor, Relc returned to work after two days off due to injuries. Senior Guardsman Klbkch was on indefinite leave. The Free Antinium had guests.
Small events and large. Boring and consequential in Liscor.
As morning rose in Pallass, Grand Strategist Chaldion fell.
 
—-
 
In the way of things, Grand Strategist Chaldion fell down the steps. He was walking with General Edellein Blackwing of 4th Army when he tripped. One moment, he was arguing over the distribution of funds and recruits. The next, falling.
It was just the accidental slip of his walking cane. And he, overbalanced, was unable to catch himself. And the other Drakes around him realized what was happening too late. They had amazing reflexes, boosted by training and Skills. But surprise was surprise.
They were a bit too slow to catch him. And he tumbled down eight steps on the Northern Grand Staircase before General Edellein and his [Strike Commander] leapt after him and stopped him from falling further.
