7.17 S
Page 0

(MouthyMaven (Andrea Parsneau) is recording The Wandering Inn’s Volume 2 audiobook on her server! You can check her out, but be warned–it’s live recording, mistakes, swearing, and all! You can find her server here, as well as times when she records!)
 
It turned out that summer was hot. Not just in temperature, but…hot. The sun could scorch at times and while Izril wasn’t…Baleros, or at least, what people imagined Baleros to be, an endless, humid, jungle, it was true that parts of Baleros had that swampy, oppressive heat that went into your lungs and dehydrated you to death.
But then—Chandrar’s weather could freeze and scorch you in Zeikhal, and yet there were wonderful coasts full of verdant greenery too. It was rude to generalize.
All of that didn’t really matter to the young woman lying in a puddle of her own sweat in a dry patch of land. She looked around, vaguely.
“…’shot. Whysithot?”
She mumbled as she looked around. Then her head flopped down. You could die like this. She might die like this. So—Erin Solstice rolled over. Once, twice, doing full-rotations. She stopped next to a glass pitcher.
Lovely glass, beaded with condensation from the cool liquid within. Erin Solstice stared at the lemonade and licked her lips.
“Mm.”
It would be deliciously sour and sweet. Perfect for the dry mouth she had. Erin reached for it. And someone lifted the pitcher up and poured himself a drink.
“Noooooo. Monster.”
Numbtongue stared down at Erin as he paused with a glass raised to his lips. Erin paused and corrected herself.
“Sorry, Numbtongue. I thought it was some monster. Like Lyonette.”
“Oh. Right. Want some?”
He found another glass lying in the dry, arid ground and filled it. Erin reached up.
“My savior!”
She drank, gratefully. Numbtongue casually sat down. He too was covered in sweat. And dirt. He stared at Erin. She waved the glass at him and he obligingly refilled it. This time with the water pitcher. There were actually three—the third had apple juice. Because…why not?
“It’s hot.”
Erin mumbled as she found the hydration in her to sit up. She had been miserably hot, she realized. Dehydrated. But now, the liquid was doing her a world of good.
The Goblin shrugged. He stared at Erin, and then the dry landscape around them. An acacia tree, arid, tall grass yellowed and scarcely green—he peered at Erin.
“Why are you sitting here?”
Here, as in—the driest part of her Garden of Sanctuary. The arid-section, to be precise. Erin wiped her forehead.
“It was cooler! And I was digging a hole. See?”
She pointed to the left. Numbtongue looked. Erin had abandoned her shovel to flop onto the ground. But she’d been working hard; there were several holes in the ground. Erin nodded proudly as she pointed.
“See? I cleared the ground! Got rid of the weeds, made some space…how’s your end going?”
“Mm. Chopped down a tree. Well, kicked.”
“Awesome. Well—wait, what?”
Numbtongue pointed. Erin saw…a tree. In the jungle-section. Someone had ripped the roots out of the ground, and with Bird’s help, literally pushed it over. She stared at Numbtongue.
He had also dug every hole he’d been assigned. And weeded the entire area. The [Bard] was sweaty and dirty, but he wasn’t dead. Erin stared at her cup of water and then at her friend.
“You have a green thumb, Numbtongue. You know that?”
The Hobgoblin grinned. He got the reference and joke. He waggled his thumbs at Erin.
“Can plant now? Bird is chopping tree up.”
“Sure. Just give me a second to stand up?”
