7.17 S
Page 7
The others nodded. It was moments like this, moments like when you heard Zel Shivertail was dead, that you feared for the worst. If Grand Strategist Chaldion were to pass away suddenly, or Dragonspeaker Luciva, or…Captain Femar—the Sharkcaptain of Zeres—any one of the Drake heroes, their bulwark against the Antinium suddenly grew weaker.
But what could be done? Replace him? Maybe in three decades. But today? The high command of Pallass shuddered and argued and made very little in the way of concrete plans. And that was what they did the last time Chaldion had fallen, or snapped his wrist, or taken ill with a common cold.
And while they worried—someone else heard the news.
He listened. Nodded. It was news he’d heard before. So—without worrying, or rushing about, or getting into an insults-match via [Message] spell, he went into his home, pulled out a few of his possessions, and made an arrangement or two.
A while later, Octavia Cotton went back to The Wandering Inn to find a little Gnoll passed out by the fireplace. Mrsha was snoring and giggling after warming herself back up. Erin was playing cards. Her opponents—were not happy about it.
“How did you do that?”
Palt threw his hand down in disgust. Erin smirked as she pulled the hefty pot over.
“I told you not to gamble. Wait, do I get to keep all of this?”
“Gambling makes it fun. But how—”
“I count cards. I mean—I learned to. It’s like chess, except not. But I had these friends who loved to…well, they stopped playing. Which is good, because gambling’s bad. Like smoking!”
“What’s counting…”
The Stitch-Girl saw Erin poking the stacks of coins. The [Innkeeper] looked up vaguely.
“I didn’t know there were actual [Gamblers] in this world. But it’s just a strategy. I don’t play much, but…oh, hey Octavia. I thought you were going to study with Saliss?”
The [Alchemist] frowned. Something about what Erin had just said…but then she smiled ruefully and shrugged.
“Saliss had to cancel. What’s that? Cards? Can I play?”
“Oh, really? Why? And you know how to play cards, Octavia?”
The Stitch-Girl gave Erin a curious look.
“Everywhere has card games, Erin. Even Nerrhavia and Chandrar. What game is this?”
“Poker.”
“Poke…? Well, I’ll learn. I didn’t catch why Saliss was busy. Where’s Numbtongue?”
“Fishing.”
Montressa was on her third bowl of chips. She couldn’t stop herself. And she was sure she shouldn’t be eating this much ketchup and mayonnaise. But she kept crunching. Chips, fries…it went well with drinks. Too well.
“You have fish?”
“We tossed some in the pond. Not the huge, jumpy, bitey ones. Those are jerks. Okay, you play like this, Octavia…”
Erin began to explain. Octavia listened as Beza grumbled and demanded to be dealt in; she was on a losing streak and convinced her luck would turn! The [Alchemist] wasn’t upset about the cancelled lesson. She still woke up and pinched herself that she was being taught at all by a living legend.
She didn’t think much of it; after all, Saliss was an important Named Adventurer and [Alchemist]. He had any number of things that could keep him busy.
 
—-
 
Healer Demerra’s clinic wasn’t exactly besieged by crowds. But there were people keeping tabs on the place. [Informants], the kind of fences for information like Fierre, busybodies, well-wishers, for any number of reasons. But they were not allowed in.
