7.17 S
Page 30
“You don’t say. Look, the potions aren’t for me. I’d only be curious to try it once, and even then—I’m fine in my scales. But there are some people who’d…need them.”
The [Alchemist] closed her eyes.
“I can’t make enough of them, Mirn. This isn’t just scales-deep. It’s complete. It’d be easier to buy illusion spells. Or…”
“It’s not the same.”
“No. Damn. But I can’t. Someone finds that potion, and they will trace it back to me or Xif. Or one of a few [Alchemists] in this city. Saliss cannot be linked to you. I’ll give you gold, even the other potions, but not that.”
The male Drake chewed that over. He nodded at last.
“Fine. You do enough for us as it is. So—no potions.”
“Want me to ram one right up your ass?”
“No thanks. Not even as Saliss.”
Both laughed at each other. Onieva made a fist and Mirn chuckled. He looked at his friend. Then he decided to ask another question on his mind.
“But let’s say you perfect the potion and it doesn’t wear off. Would you ever consider not being Saliss? I mean, you’d have to have an excuse. But if it could be permanent…also, do you ever get the urge to have sex as…Saliss? Or only as you? Or does it change between…?””
He saw Onieva pause. She closed her eyes. But then she shook her head.
“I’m not in the mood to discuss every way I’m a disappointment to my grandfather, Mirn.”
Mirn sighed.
“He hasn’t changed?”
“Do you think he would after all this time? No. That old bastard is the same. I could strangle him. Rgh! Hero this, future of Pallass that. Haven’t I done enough?”
Onieva made a grasping motion with her claws. It was something Saliss would never do. But then—even if he was the famed nudist of Pallass, he was also Pallass’ hero. Or as close to it as they got.
“Saliss is pretty beloved. I didn’t hear anyone even so much as calling you out for the naked dancing for a week after the Wyvern attack.”
The [Alchemist]’s lips twitched and she relaxed.
“That was funny. But Saliss is the closest I can get to what Chaldion wants. And even then—I’m not putting on pants. I’d rather tweak all of Pallass’ tails as their famed Named Adventurer than be the respectable hero. I’d be a fraud.”
Mirn was slowly trying to polish a cup and smearing it with some kind of oily residue. He eyed Onieva from the side as another Drake came in, following a group of cloaked and masked Dullahans.
“And you’re not a hero already?”
“Don’t you start, Mirn. We don’t need heroes. We need to change—we need—I could do it. I could. I could walk around, pretending to be as perfect as Chaldion wants. He might even be proud of me. But that’s not what I want to be. I have to drink this potion. Come here or walk around Pallass as me. Or I will snap. Even as Saliss, I can’t pretend to be a ‘good Drake’. I have to run around naked and annoy those idiots. Or else I feel more and more like an imposter.”
Mirn nodded. He watched as the Drake newcomer walked over to a table. The people there greeted him warmly. They were all friends here.
Turnscales. Or—people that didn’t fit, like Onieva. There weren’t many of them—or at least, many who came here. But more than you thought. How many were there, really? How many had no clue? Or were afraid to know the truth?
“What’s wrong with us, Mirn?”
The [Alchemist] stared past him. At nothing. At the wall. Mirn leaned on the bar.
“Me? Nothing. You? You’re rude, violent, a nudist, you enjoy annoying people no matter who you are, you gobble food—”
