7.17 S
Page 1
Numbtongue waited for seven seconds. Then he stood and pulled Erin up without effort. She sighed, standing. And she saw Bird was hard at work.
“La, la. Chop, chop. I am helping chop wood. Which is good. This song has rhymes. I will think more up in time.”
The Antinium [Bird Hunter] was holding an axe. He was chopping at the tree, removing limbs with eager, if inexperienced, effort. Erin saw a little white shape grabbing each branch he tossed to the side and pulling it away. A young woman with red hair was putting the branches to one side with the little Gnoll. They’d be good firewood once they dried.
Five people stood in the Garden of Sanctuary. Just five. An [Innkeeper], a Hobgoblin, a [Princess], a white Gnoll child, and an Antinium Worker. If you wanted to reduce them to the basics.
They were planting things. Erin was no [Gardener] or…[Horticulturist], but she reckoned that it was time. She nodded around as Bird looked up from his task.
“Hello, Erin. Are you done melting?”
“I am, Bird. And no thanks to you all! I could have died there! Of dehydration!”
Erin waved her arms, smiling. Lyonette sighed as she wiped sweat from her forehead.
“Mrsha would have smelled you dying, Erin. And you didn’t dehydrate. You fell asleep.”
“…No I didn’t.”
“You laid down and slept for twenty minutes. I saw you.”
Erin opened her mouth and looked around for confirmation. She saw Numbtongue nodding.
“Huh. Really? Well—I worked hard!”
“Numbtongue uprooted a tree.”
“Wasn’t hard. Weak tree.”
The Hobgoblin pounded his chest as Mrsha flexed her biceps and waved her paws to show she had helped! Erin smiled.
“Well—that ground is harder! This is nice soil. Lush. Fertile. I think. Let’s plant stuff. Where’s the seeds?”
“Here. And here. Are we really doing this?”
Lyonette had a handful of round…seed cores. She handled them very gingerly; they’d break if you squeezed hard. They’d been mostly denuded of the blue flesh, the sweet fruit they resided in. Erin nodded.
“Yup. Let’s put four of them here…four over in the arid spot, and four…”
“In every biome. I get it, Erin. Numbtongue?”
Lyonette tossed him the cores. The Hobgoblin caught them and walked off. Lyonette looked at Erin.
“Do you really think they’ll grow in the dry spots?”
“I have no idea where they grow. What do I look like, a gardener?”
“Absolutely not. But they do grow in…Liscor. So why not put them in the temperate section?”
“Well, they get submerged by water once a year for like, a month. So I don’t know where they’d grow.”
“And your answer is to put them in every section?”
Erin Solstice smiled triumphantly. It was her logic, which was why Lyonette and Mrsha were giving her skeptical looks.
“It’s an experiment. We’ve got ground to spare! Anyways, we’re planting more cocoa seeds. And all the vegetables.”
She pointed to the side. In another section filled with friendly grass, the kind you could wiggle your toes in, some space had been cleared near the vine-covered walls. Lyonette nodded; they’d planted hundreds of little seeds with some fertilizer earlier this morning. Carrots, cucumbers, potatoes, even some wheat and other plants.
“I hope it grows well. It would certainly cut down on costs. Especially if someone makes them grow, isn’t that right, Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll nodded her head proudly. The [Druid] produced her wand and waved it about. She’d make the garden grow!
“And all the plants? Not just the ones you like? That means not just garlic and squashes and wheat, Mrsha. Cucumbers too. And potatoes.”
The little Gnoll stuck out her tongue.
