7.17 S
Page 10
Chaldion stared at Saliss. It was the kind of stare that couldn’t kill, but only for lack of trying. The fact that he’d actually had his missing eye replaced with magical gemstones that could kill with a look proved Chaldion’s commitment to the art of the death-glare.
But it didn’t work on Saliss, who was giving him a smarmy smile. The Named Adventurer leaned on the gel-bed Chaldion was resting on.
“If you’re good, I’ll bring you entertainment. Like Erin. Or Olesm. Or we can get Grimalkin in here to teach you how to lift! Yeah! So you’ll have strong bones that don’t break whenever you sneeze!”
Saliss posed, flexing his slim physique. And Chaldion, turning redder behind his grey, flaking scales—paused. And abruptly, the anger went out of him. He didn’t give up per se…he just put it away.
The old [Strategist] eyed the pie and mangled chocolates. Saliss had helped himself to some of the melted chocolates. And it wasn’t as though Saliss had brought an oversized pie; it was actually closer to tart-size, given Chaldion’s stomach capacity. He looked at the pie, chocolates, and then Saliss. And he spoke, in a quiet voice.
“Can I assume you put the age potion in the pie, rather than the chocolates? I’ve had my fill of them.”
Saliss stopped, mid-smile. The younger Drake looked at Chaldion. And his smile slipped. For a second, the two Drakes met gazes. And the anger and annoyance of Chaldion, Saliss’ insincere taunts. It vanished. Saliss took a breath, and heaved a sigh.
“It doesn’t fit in chocolates. I don’t even want to think how I’d manage that. At what process in making it? And if I poured it on top…? Nah. It’s in the pie. Eat the entire thing. I think it’s a mincemeat pie. Erin made it.”
He held up a claw.
“And before you think it’s something else, it’s just a meat pie. She told me she was trying to figure it out. I thought it was self-explanatory, but apparently it’s different. Anyways, it’s good.”
“Hmf. At least you got me something I can stomach. What kind of meat?”
“…Pork?”
The old [Strategist] nodded. He picked up the fork and began to eat. In silence, Saliss watched Chaldion take bite after bite. It was a decent pie. And the potion added did little to take away from it. Well—it did a bit.
“It still tastes foul. I don’t suppose that youth potion is in here too?”
The [Alchemist] laughed. He produced a little vial. And Chaldion saw a vibrant, viridian glow. He put his fork down for a moment and saw…magic.
A potion, held in Saliss’ claw. And it shone like what it was. Pure, magic. A Potion of Youth. Something that could make even the oldest of people young. For a moment, a week.
“Hmf. So you did make one. I got the report, but I know how often you fail. The world’s already abuzz with people ready to pay far too much for it. How was making it?”
Saliss shrugged, tiredly. He spoke conversationally as he found a little stool and sat. Chaldion kept eating.
“You know how it is. Actually…no, nah.”
He waved it away, but it was too late. Chaldion’s good eye snapped towards him.
“Erin Solstice. Something in her inn helped you improve the process. Her fire. Or was it the flowers mentioned? Something else?”
Saliss laughed innocently, waving it off.
“What? Why would you…”
He fell silent. Then he looked at Chaldion.
“Go rot yourself, Chaldion. Why do you have to bother her?”
The unexpected aggression would have caught anyone off-guard. But Chaldion just grinned. Victoriously.
“For the same reason you’re interested in her, you brat. So. Something helped with your process?”
Saliss swore under his breath. But eventually, he nodded.
