7.17 S
Page 29
“Yup. Nice loophole, right? If you’re found with it, I was giving them away. Which I’ll do later, with a few of the bottles.”
“One, two…six?”
“Split them into quarter-doses if you need to. That’s all I’ve got, Mirn. Xif’s got two bottles, but knowing him he’s already traded it for favors from his Gnoll friends and social circle.”
The Drake spat the words. Mirn nodded.
“These ones will go straight to the ones who need it most in their life.”
The glowing potions disappeared as well as the gold. Onieva sighed. Her head lolled back as the whiskey hit her all at once. Mirn looked at her.
“What would I do without my best customer?”
“Keep running this place. Only, your clientele would eventually end up sitting on the ground and eating dirt and bugs instead of using tables and awful sandwiches.”
“Hm. Sounds appealing. So…tell me.”
Onieva passed a claw over her eyes. She turned to face Mirn at the bar.
“Chaldion’s fine. I slipped him some of the you-know-what.”
“Again? How much did you spend to…?”
“I’ll make it back with the Potion of Youth. Enough. I have a new lead on some ingredients. I’m not in the mood to talk shop, Mirn.”
“I’m just asking. In all seriousness, if you disappear, I’m not going to have the money to keep renting new places. Let alone replacing the door or…you know.”
Onieva sighed.
“Don’t worry, Mirn. Saliss of Lights knows how to juggle his finances. And he’s not an idiot. If worse comes to worst, he’ll sell some of his potions.”
“Not hunt Wyverns in the High Passes?”
The Drake opened one eye and gave Mirn a look.
“He’s not an idiot, I said. He doesn’t risk his life without a damn good reason. Those adventurers are going to get slaughtered there.”
“Really? Damn. There’s one of us in a team planning to head north. Should I warn her off?”
Onieva sat up slightly.
“Really? Who?”
“Drake. She’s been here twice. Her team’s after that gold, like anyone else. Should I…?”
The [Alchemist] closed her eyes and thought.
“…No. It’s a fair risk for a team. That much gold for a Wyvern? I have no idea who’s posting the bounty, but if it’s legitimate—I’d jump at it and take the risk if I was that level. She’s high-Silver rank, right? I think I know who you’re talking about.”
“Yes.”
Neither Drake mentioned names. Names—were a risky thing to mention in this place. After all, this was a bar, a pub for a particular sort of person. They had a name in Drake society.
Turnscale. Or at least, that was a broad term. It didn’t cover Onieva quite right. Drakes didn’t have a name for her. Mirn regarded his friend.
“Does Saliss have any more Polymorph Potions, Onieva? I’m asking for a friend.”
The Drake’s head was lolling a bit. She was tired—the alcohol was working fast. But her body was dispersing the drink just as quickly. She sat up, shook her head.
“[Polymorph] is the spell, which applies to people turning into completely different forms. This is different, Mirn. And I can’t make it last…that’s not my specialty, and even if it was, this is serious magic.”
“I know. But could you—Saliss—”
A fist smacked the bar. Mirn recoiled just in time. He saw Onieva’s eye glaring at him. Even her eye color was different. Violet.
“Me, Mirn. It’s always me. I’m as authentically Saliss as I am when I’m Onieva.”
“So, always lying through your teeth?”
The two Drakes looked at each other. Onieva sagged back down.
“Yeah, probably. We’re different, you know? I’ve been noticing it more and more. Saliss likes smoking. I like drinking.”
Mirn eyed the empty glass.
