7.17 S
Page 26
The female Drake shouted back cheerfully. She heard an oath from above as the Garuda spiraled, straining to pull the ingredients for his master all the way to the 9th floor. He could have taken an elevator, but he probably saved a few minutes doing it like this. Onieva continued her walk, going down, not up.
And she had no more conversations as she walked. Some of the [Alchemists] knew her, but it was actually most of Pallass’ elites that knew Onieva’s name. After all—she was Onieva Oliwing. Not Saliss, or Chaldion.
Everyone knew those two. And Saliss, on a trip to any floor, would invariably speak to most people he passed by. Even if it was them pleading with him to put on pants. But Onieva walked in silence. If she did recognize…two faces in the crowd, she didn’t call out to them. And they did not acknowledge her.
Down. Further down. Not down the Grand Staircases, but one of the numerous smaller staircases. The 6th floor had a lot of activities for people with money. But Onieva wasn’t in search of those things. She headed down. And down. And…
The 1st and 2nd Floors of Pallass weren’t places for the ultra-rich. In fact, they were something of the opposite. Because that was where traffic was highest; people came in and out of the city through there. There were high-capacity lodgings, plentiful shops, the trading bazaar. But the rich preferred to take that at a remove.
Also, the 1st and 2nd Floors were by far the largest. Because Pallass’ floors grew progressively smaller the higher they got, the bottom two floors utilized all of the Walled City’s incredible space. And in that alone the 1st floor made Liscor small by comparison.
There were places in Pallass that even regular residents didn’t know. There was crime in the Walled City. Not as much as in the north, or perhaps, more accurately, the law cracked down harsher on crime, which meant those that survived were up to the challenge. But if you knew where to look, you could find crime.
And secrets. Like this. As she descended, Onieva pulled out a handy rain cloak. As if it wasn’t a warm evening. But—the sun wasn’t visible as she walked under the shadow of the 3rd floor, along the second. There was artificial lighting, but it wasn’t the same.
Further inside, along the walls. No one wanted to live in the shade all the time, so there was another metric of wealth. The richer you were, the closer to the edge you lived, literally. And also—the higher. Somewhere around the 6th floor was where the bell-curve of wealth reached its peak.
Now her scales were concealed. And her face was hidden in the shadows of her hooded cloak. Onieva walked carefully, amid a dense intersection of buildings.
There. You’d never know it among the other buildings. But here was a suspiciously new door. And this building—Onieva studied it, and put her claw on the door. She whispered a phrase and the door clicked. The lock opened and she pushed the door open. She stepped into…
A bar. Or perhaps ‘pub’ was a better word. Yes, a pub. The difference was that a bar was where you got alcohol. A pub was for everything.
Then again, there was alcohol here. But also food. A few tables and chairs, of varying quality—but it wasn’t exactly the cleanliest of places.
And the bar looked…well, ‘worn’ was a poor descriptor. There were also, coincidentally, no windows. But there were two—three exits. And a cellar. Onieva counted.
“Huh.”
