7.17 S
Page 12
“When you dance naked with me in the middle of Pallass.”
Chaldion snorted, despite himself. He looked at the pie, finished but for a quarter and put the fork down for a second. He chewed on a bit of chocolate.
“Hmph. Then, I suppose I’d better prepare to live forever.”
Laughter from Saliss. Chaldion enjoyed the sweetness for a moment. He felt better already.
Two years. It hadn’t always been two years. He still remembered when it was one. And the cost…
People often said it was amazing that Chaldion had lived as long as he had. A hundred and six years. But he looked like he was in his seventies, at the latest. And—in a way—he was. How many potions was that? More than just twenty. How much gold…? Even the old [Strategist] feared that number’s truth.
Chaldion just looked at Saliss. Eventually, he went back to eating. He cleaned the pie tin, carefully, wasting not a crumb. He put down the fork, saw Saliss turn, about to make some smart comment and leave. And the old Drake couldn’t bear it. He spoke to Saliss’ naked back.
“You can’t keep me in this world forever, Saliss. I’m too old for it. And I am no hero. Just a [Strategist]. Someday, even your age potions will stop working, just like the healing potions.”
The [Alchemist] paused. He sat back down and kept facing the opposite wall. The two Drakes weren’t alone. There was a little fly, buzzing around. Saliss must have let it in when he’d walked in—Demerra allowed no pests in her clinic.
“I’m doing pretty well, aren’t I, Chaldion? You’re younger than when I started.”
“By three years.”
“That’s three years on time itself! What do you want? Fine, I’ll brag when I get you to fifty.”
The fly buzzed as Saliss raised his voice. It was just a fly. Although—if it ate some of Saliss’ healing potion in the pie, would it turn into a larvae? Chaldion wondered. What would someone else, like, say, the Blighted King, or even the King of Destruction pay for a service Chaldion got for free? Even against his wishes?
“What was it you told me once, Saliss? Four [Alchemists] in the world can make Potions of Temporary Youth? How many can reverse age?”
“We don’t brag about it. That’s how you get captured forever. Temporary Youth’s one thing. Reverse Aging? That makes people go crazy. No sane [Alchemist] advertises that, and we’re all a bit sane if we make it this far. Hazard of the job.”
Saliss pointed that out. Chaldion nodded.
“So you might be the only one who’s able to create them.”
“Rediscovered. No one makes anything new in our line of work. But yes, I am better than Xif. He thinks we’re equals. I laugh about that, when I’m in a bad mood. Praise me more.”
Saliss raised his claw and made a beckoning motion. Chaldion snorted.
“You didn’t bring me any wine, did you?”
“What, and ruin your good mood? I’ve got some shots of that filth Rufelt makes. Your ‘Chaldion’s Eye’, minus the sweet. Not that you mind. But I think Demerra will kill me if I give you any.”
“…Put it in my bag of holding and pass it to me.”
Saliss did. Chaldion sighed as he took a covert draft. [Healers]. Tyrants every one. After a moment, he spoke again.
“It’s a waste on me. How much gold? What kind of [Alchemist] would you be if you weren’t making these potions and giving all your profits to me?”
“Everyone needs a hobby, Chald. Can I call you that? Besides, it’s kept me busy. And you’re the ‘Grand Strategist’ now. It’s a public service.”
Chaldion looked at Saliss. The Drake still hadn’t turned to face him. It was easier for the both of them.
“I’m the Grand Strategist because I’m old. I’m no Niers Astoragon.”
“Yeah, you’re taller. So what?”
