7.17 S
Page 25
“Well, you seemed so taken with them…but good for you if you’re not interested. I just came here to warn you that this is an elite group. Not everyone hangs out here. I’m the only Oliwing who does, and it’s just to deliver Saliss’ potions and tweak tails. You won’t catch Chaldion here and they banned Saliss long ago.”
“Chaldion…? He’s related to Saliss?”
The [Heiress] stared. She saw Onieva wink at her.
“Chaldion Oliwing? Yeah, they’re related. And not happy about it. But both of them hate this place. Don’t let Relz fool you. He’s just like all the other people here. Go visit Tails and Scales if they’ll let you in, or somewhere with real people.”
“Onieva. Are you bothering our newest member?”
A voice floated back down the hall. Selys and Onieva saw Lady Melika coming back their way. Onieva stage-whispered to Selys.
“And here comes Melika. A literal [Socialite]. Married into the Blackwing family. She came from Baleros. Look at all the beautiful Skills and illusions that go into her feathers!”
Her whisper was a bit too loud. Or just loud enough. Melika’s eyes narrowed like a hunting bird. Onieva backed up, smiling with all her teeth.
“And my time is up. I’m leaving, Melika. Don’t lose another feather. Selys—you were warned.”
She walked towards the doors as, behind her, the auctioneer shouted numbers and people bid on the Potion of Youth. Selys glanced over her shoulder at Onieva. Melika adjusted her ruffled plumage as she extended a wing.
“I’m sorry you had to meet that Drake, Miss Selys. She’s something of a black sheep in her family. Even Saliss of Lights, as…singular as he is, has some redeeming value. Miss Onieva leeches off both her relatives. She mainly delivers potions for her cousin. Now, you must come see the auction.”
She led Selys back towards the bidding, speaking into Selys’ ear. Onieva was walking towards the exit.
“I doubt you will win any of them; the bidding is fierce today, with the Potion of Youth, but it is something to see what’s being offered…where is Salkis? I do hope you’ll be friends, but my stepdaughter is rather reclusive. She disappears for long periods. Studious. Well…”
A strange world. Selys felt her head spinning, but the richness of this place spoke to her, even above Onieva’s warnings. Something at the heart of her heritage, Drakes, Dragons, loved the feel of this place. Power, moving unspoken.
And yet—Onieva made Selys look back one last time. That Drake had given her a warning, sharp-toothed as it might have been. She had been uncannily familiar too. Had they met?
No. Surely not. Selys shook her head. And she was wrong, of course. But, contrary to what she might have believed, this wasn’t her moment.
 
—-
 
A Drake walked through Pallass. And she attracted very little attention. Almost by design. Well—she got looks for her unique coloration of scales, rose pink fading darker to cobalt. And she wasn’t unknown. In fact, she got friendlier looks after leaving The Noble’s Fancy.
“Onieva! Are you delivering another potion? Did Saliss make another Potion of Youth?”
A Garuda apprentice [Alchemist] was making a supply run from the 1st floor trading market. He was flying up, with a package in one claw. Flying hard; even the extra weight was hard on him. Onieva called out as the Garuda flapped past her.
“It’s Temporary Youth. And yes he did! Go bother him about it if you want one.”
“Hah! He never answers anyone. Even when Xif pounds on his door all day! Wait—I heard he took an apprentice. Is that—”
“Sorry, can’t hear you!”
