7.17 S
Page 22
It was funny. Here were classes and people you had no idea existed. Well-dressed sorts of various invisible ranks falling over themselves to be remembered by the important people. Who, of course, changed with the seasons and the whims of High Society.
“It wasn’t too long ago that Relz was one of the hangers-on. And Noass would have been allowed in here only on sufferance.”
A female Drake hanging out near the back of the circle engulfing Selys commented acidly to the Dullahan in fake-gold armor. Well, it looked good, but she was quite aware that it was just gold leaf painted onto ornamented, plain steel.
He was an [Auctioneer]. She was…well, her. The two traded glances. The Dullahan, whose name was Calert, whispered back as he adjusted his head.
“Don’t let Relz hear you say that. Do you know…her?”
The Drake snorted. She cast her eyes dismissively around the gathering. Selys had come at a good time—well—sort of. Most of the movers and shakers were here, and she was getting to know them all.
“She’s a kid from Liscor, Calert. She inherited the Heartflame Breastplate.”
“Ah. Does she have any plans on selling it?”
The Dullahan’s eyes lit up. As stated, he was an [Auctioneer], and he was allowed in these sorts of gatherings because he often sold the very things Pallass’ elite—and other elites across the world, even [Monarchs]—fought over. The Drake flicked her tail and smacked him in the leg.
“Don’t think about it. You don’t have the security to protect the armor even if it went on sale, Calert. I’m surprised no one’s stolen it, but I hear she’s renting it out to Gold-rank adventurers. Smart for her, but someone’s going to make a move eventually.”
Calert buffed at the spot that had been smudged on his armor, nervously checking to see if the gold paint had flaked away. He gave the Drake a glare. But she was immune to it.
Nor was she entirely welcome here. She was not a mover or a shaker or someone who enjoyed playing the games of High Society. But then—that was because this Drake was aware that high society was rather like the low society. In the underworld of Pallass, there were faces. Master criminals, and gangs. Like the Blackwing family, except not sanctioned by the law. And anyone who was anyone had to obey the rules down there too.
The only difference was that High Society just ostracized you if you made a mistake. In the shadows, you got stabbed and if you were lucky, people found enough of you to identify.
“At least [Thugs] are honest about when they’re about to bash you over the head and take everything you own. How much do you want to bet half of Miss Selys’ new friends are just begging to try on the Heartflame Breastplate so they can be first to show it off? She’ll get a lot of favors until the novelty wears off. And then she’s at the back of the line. Unless one of them get her first.”
The Dullahan shushed his companion, looking around, askance. But no one was listening.
The Noble’s Fancy really was…fancy. Refreshments were of course, freely offered and the [Innkeeper], Adalton, was keenly aware that his clientele weren’t coming here for just the feed or rooms, but the service and the scene. So there was entertainment to be had at all hours.
Including the work Calert was here for. The [Auctioneer] was checking a magical time-teller nervously; it reflected the sky above him.
“I’ve got to begin the bidding soon. Onieva—do you have it?”
The Drake sighed. She plucked something from the bag of holding she wore and dangled it at the Dullahan. Heads turned. Even with Selys in the middle of the gathering.
“Fresh from himself. Catch.”
