7.17 S
Page 33
“The Watch. Not someone else. Ancestors. Go on. I’ll buy you a minute.”
Mirn hesitated. He flicked a blade out of his side pocket. Both edges were razor-sharp. You could open someone’s throat with it in a moment. The [Protector] looked at Onieva. She was drinking another potion.
“Get lost, Mirn. I’ll find you again.”
He nodded. And vanished through the trap door. Onieva sat by the bar. Silently, as the lights flickered out.
No crystals playing music. No drinks. Some crappy sandwiches on the floor. Even the tables and chairs were gone, in the bag of holding. Only the Drake remained as the Watch, exasperated, finally decided to blast through the wall rather than the reinforced doors they’d been battering.
They found no Turnscales. No illegal activities. Only a female Drake, sitting at the bar. And her scales were deep green. She was taller than she had been a moment ago. And when she turned, the [Infiltrator] who’d discovered the place didn’t recognize her. Her mouth flickered as the Watch aimed their weapons at her.
“Put your hands up! Where are the others?”
The [Captain] barked at her. Onieva narrowed her eyes. And she opened her mouth and spat frost. They went for her. And she grabbed a club. There were a lot of them. But she was a Named Adventurer. They had no idea.
Four minutes and a half later, Onieva let the last ones run. She stood amid unconscious bodies. Broken bones, frostbite at the worst. No more. The Drake had a few bruises. Nothing worse. They had barely touched her.
She could have killed them with a wood club. It would have been easy. The Drake paused. She bowed her head.
“This has been a really terrible day.”
She paused to kick a Drake in the groin on the way out. She stepped into the street and took a final potion. All the liquids were giving her a stomachache—they would have done horrible things to a regular stomach. But the [Alchemist] walked through the streets. She made only one mistake, and corrected it before she left.
By the time the Watch flooded into the empty den of depravity, a Drake was walking through Pallass. Invisible to their eyes, camouflaged by his very nature. Of course, everyone looked at him.
But that was only because he was extremely naked.
 
—-
 
It was a terrible kind of day. And it had started with a fall. And—at the heart of it all was Chaldion. Love, terrible, fraught, and twisted. Bitter. And a Drake had not had a good day.
But he didn’t end the day by burning down the city. Or even murdering anyone. Because he had lived through worse days. The Drake [Alchemist] stretched in the sun. And he felt all wrong. But that was as much a sense of himself as the world.
Saliss of Lights walked through Pallass, as invisible in his own way as Onieva. And if anyone recognized him—if he saw Mirn in the crowd, he gave no sign of it. Pallass needed a hero. And if anyone knew him, they kept it secret.
Gnolls were good at keeping secrets. So were Dullahans. So were the sort of folks who existed outside of what was good and pure and right. And this was the world Saliss protected. Year after year. Until, perhaps, his potions stopped working. For today—let it be.
“Hey. It’s me.”
The Drake lay in the hallway in Erin’s inn. Flat on his front—there were children about, after all. He inch-wormed his way down the hallway, ignoring the looks he got.
“Excuse me, Mister Saliss. Would you mind…not doing that? People are worried.”
Lyonette, a bit flustered, tried to get Saliss to get up. He rolled over.
“Better?”
“…No. Erin? Erin.”
