7.17 S
Page 20
Sir Relz gave Selys a curious look as Watch Captain Venim saluted them and went to lecture Erin on bothering the [Guards] on duty. Erin blinked after Selys.
“What people? Hey, are you that monocle-jerk? Hey!”
Sir Relz ignored Erin. But he answered Selys as he gestured down the street, waving at people who turned to stare at him and thus, Selys.
“Society, Miss Selys. Proper society. And if you’ll allow me to be forthright—it pays to get to know an up-and-coming Drake. I doubt anyone has introduced you to the right circles. But for the niece of General Shivertail and the owner of a relic-class artifact…”
The [Heiress] looked at Sir Relz. And she looked down at her clothes and adjusted her hat as he led her down the street. And she realized—
She might be underdressed. Erin stared after her friend’s back. High society? She scratched her head.
“No one’s ever invited me to high society.”
Watch Captain Venim closed the door in Erin’s face. The Drake sighed.
“I can’t imagine why.”
 
—-
 
High Society. It needed the capital letters. Because it was high society. The kind of society you couldn’t get into without something.
Fame. Wealth. Connections. A mix of the three. It was a world hidden from the masses. And it had its own rules and system. Most people were probably aware it existed. But if you danced in the world of the elite you understood the game, even if you didn’t play.
You had to. And the young, female Drake who appeared in the ritzy room of socialites knew none of the rules. You could just see it, from the way she looked around at the décor, the names—wide-eyed, impressed. That wasn’t how you were supposed to do it. Even if you met your hero, you were supposed to be casual. Act as if you belonged and everyone might believe it.
Then again—she belonged. Or else why would she have been invited? A name ran around the room as fast as lightning.
Selys Shivertail. Heiress to the Heartflame Breastplate. Relative of a hero of the Drakes. Rich—well, moneyed. And new to all of it.
“Ancestors. They’re going to eat her up.”
One of the watchers on the outside of the room commented as she saw Selys being swept into the room by one of High Society’s darlings. Sir Relz himself, one of the two [Commentators] whose star was on the rise. And she was being introduced to the other big names in Pallass.
“This is Lord Werdin Blackwing, Miss Selys. One of our distinguished nobles—Lords and Ladies of the Wall, as I’m sure you’re aware.”
“Simply Werdin, Miss Selys. We’re not exactly as antiquated as the other Walled Cities. I have a number of business interests. The Blackwing family is one of the largest in Pallass. And this is my wife. Lady Melika. And my daughter, Salkis—Salkis, this is the Selys Shivertail. Owner of the Heartflame Breastplate!”
Look. From the sides you could see the Wall Lord—one of Pallass’ few remaining families—introducing his daughter, whose scales shone like onyx. Lady Salkis, the demure, sheltered young Wall Lady, her father, Lord Werdin, who was more business-Drake than noble. And his wife…
“A delight. Truly.”
Selys blinked at the plumed Garuda’s colorful feathers. But—points to her, the young Drake greeted Lady Melika. A Garuda.
Unthinkable in another city. But Melika was stunning, and her marriage to Lord Werdin after his scandalous divorce was set in stone for nearly a decade. Sir Relz was adjusting his monocle, speaking quickly, still in his commentator-mode. Which really meant giving his opinion on everything and everyone.
