7.17 S
Page 28
Somehow, people found this place, through any number of whispers, chance meetings. Even though it changed locations, even though there was…trouble. In a way, it was as magical a spot as The Wandering Inn’s magical door. But Onieva would have paid a lot for Erin’s magical door. Let alone her garden.
“Mirn. I’ve got a lot to tell you. Not just my problems. But have you ever thought of being an actual [Pub Owner]? Or [Innkeeper] or something? Even a [Bartender].”
“Who, me? Well, my class is adjacent, Onieva. Adjacent. But I’ve thought of it. I could clean up each place. I used to, remember?”
“Absolutely. You mind at least swabbing the floors?”
The Drake’s smile slipped. He studied Onieva.
“I’ll think about the next good place we find. But we won’t be here long, Onieva. We’ve got tails.”
The Drake paused, halfway through the bad drink.
“…What kind?”
“I think it’s official. I’m glad you’re here, actually. There was a bad situation with the last bar.”
“I didn’t hear. I’m sorry. I was in the laboratory all of this week. I barely made a new potion after the Youth Potion and I have an apprentice. And that was on top of the Wyverns…”
Mirn nodded. He was dressed in casual clothes, not a [Bartender] or other owner’s distinctive clothing. He could, if needed, disappear into a crowd. Everyone could. Most had come here with some sort of disguise. And some still wore them.
Onieva looked past tables, at the dancing youths. The two Gnolls she recognized and the Garuda. Not the Drake. The Gnolls were a couple. Both male.
“I heard about the apprentice. It’s all the buzz in the alchemist circles. Do you mean Saliss has an apprentice?”
Onieva looked back at her friend. She jabbed her chest with a claw.
“I have one, Mirn. She’s a good kid. And I was delivering the potion. I met this young Drake. Selys Shivertail. Niece of Zel Shivertail. She was getting tangled up in society with all the rich idiots at The Noble’s Fancy.”
“I hear they have good food there.”
“Rich food. Don’t get any ideas, Mirn. It tastes almost as bad as this stuff. Just get me something stronger, will you?”
“Firebreath Whiskey, coming up.”
The Drake pulled out a bottle of the stuff and filled a glass. Not a shot glass, or a cute tumbler. A proper drinking glass. Also—not a tiny bit. It was two thirds full and Onieva took the glass and drained half. Mirn winced.
“Do [Alchemists] have iron stomachs?”
“I could take an acid bath. But you learn to drink anything and everything. Come on, fill it up. I’m not in a good mood.”
“Fine, fine.”
The level of strong liquor went up in the glass, and went down just as fast. Onieva exhaled slowly. Then she reached for her bag of holding.
“And your payment, good sir.”
“Thank you, miss. Is this a tip?”
Mirn watched as gold spilled onto the counter. Onieva wagged one claw; she was blocking the others from seeing the small fortune as Mirn made it disappear into his bag of holding just as quick.
“This isn’t the tip. Just payment for my drink. This is today’s tip.”
She produced several small bottles of a glowing liquid. Mirn’s eyes went round.
“Is that—”
“Straight Orgasminium, mined from the halls of Saliss of Light’s laboratory. And I made it while teaching my new apprentice, so I don’t have to lie if I get interrogated about it.”
Onieva tapped the glowing bottles of liquid pleasure, which she’d made a few days ago while teaching Octavia. Mirn reached for one.
“I thought they were banned. Even you said you couldn’t risk making it—you can do it if it’s your apprentice?”
