7.17 S
Page 24
One from Duskal to join…a circle of Pallass’ most wealthy? Lord Werdin wanted her to visit his estates—the shy Lady Salkis was a bit younger than Selys, but he seemed to think they’d be friends. A Gnoll had told Selys there was this delightful trend to go to Pallass Hunting—Selys had been under the impression that it was all fake, according to Erin, but maybe not?—and someone wanted her to go to—
“A party tonight?”
Sir Relz had invited her to that. One in this very…inn. Selys glanced about. She was tempted to go. And she felt distinctly poorer than she had with Drassi. Sir Relz was on the scrying orb! And Duskhal controlled all of Pallass’ engineering…?
“Psst. Idiot. A word of advice. Stop gaping and pretend you’re not impressed. And don’t go to that party.”
Selys jumped. Someone was standing next to her. She saw a taller Drake, slim, with rose-and-cobalt scales eying her from the side. She had a glass in one claw.
“Excuse me?”
She had to have misheard the ‘idiot’. The female Drake looked at her.
“You don’t want to go with them to their fancy shindigs. You’re just going to do the most expensive and overpriced drugs and have mad sex—or buy a bunch of magical ‘healing gemstones’ or illusions. Again, overpriced.”
Selys blinked. Here was someone who didn’t fit in. The Drake eyed Selys with urbane amusement. And she had a sharp tongue. Selys frowned.
“How would you know that?”
“I’ve been, of course. If you want to, go ahead. But you’re going to catch something. Or get hooked. You’re new to ‘High Society’, aren’t you? It’s all a bunch of idiots in a bucket clamoring for attention and you’re the newest bait.”
She reminded Selys a bit of Drassi—when Drassi was in a bad mood. She was also fairly familiar for someone whom Selys had never met. Selys glared.
“I’m new here, yes. But I don’t think we’ve met. I’m Selys. Shivertail.”
“…niece of the great General Shivertail, owner of the Heartflame Breastplate. Yes, so I’ve heard. Congratulations. You got lucky, like everyone else here. Including myself.”
The Drake transferred the drink to her other claw to hold out a claw to shake. Selys stared at her. The [Heiress] folded her arms.
“Charmed. And you are?”
A slight smile, like a razor’s edge.
“Onieva Oliwing. Yes, yes, related to the great Saliss Oliwing. Please don’t compare us. He’s part of the family, but distantly.”
“Saliss? You mean—”
“Pallass’ naked, dancing [Alchemist]? Or Saliss of Lights? Same one. I delivered the Potion of Youth. That’s my job. Also—being rich. How do you do?”
Onieva drained the glass. Then she tossed it. Selys winced, waiting for the glass to shatter, but instead of breaking on the carpet, it landed softly. Onieva laughed, ignoring the looks she was getting.
“Nothing breaks in The Noble’s Fancy. Fancy for tricks. And I’m afraid that Shivertail is a big name…in Manus, Selys. General Shivertail’s family moved there back when he became a big hero. But around here, if you’re not Blackwing—or Oliwing I suppose, we’re relatives—you need something else. Don’t let anyone steal that Heartflame Breastplate or they’ll never let you back in.”
She gestured around the room. Selys hesitated.
“What makes you think I’m part of this place? I just came here to visit and I was spirited…here.”
Onieva gave Selys a sidelong glance.
