7.17 S
Page 15
Chaldion wanted a hero? Saliss fished in his belt pouch. And he pulled out two items. He stared at one of them dully. The Potion of Youth, which would earn him hundreds of thousands of gold coins? Tens of thousands at least. It depended on the market. A coveted item.
“Temporary Youth. The real thing? That was alchemy, Octavia.”
Saliss murmured to himself. But he put the Potion of Youth away for a moment. And the other potion…Saliss looked at it. Then he turned. He put his clawed hand back on the door, and then he uncorked a vial. He paused, for just one moment. And wished there was a potion to change Chaldion’s mind, rather than his body.
But [Alchemists] weren’t miracle workers. So Saliss lifted the vial to his lips.
He drank a potion and changed.
 
—-
 
In Liscor, a Drake sat at an outdoor café which was pioneering a new treat. Sweet cream tea. Or, as the Drake owner was advertising it…Cream Tea.
The name brand could use some work. But the point was that someone had made it and in the way of fads, every tea-lover had to try it out, critique it, and tell all their friends they’d tried it.
The idea for the tea was actually based on ice cream; people had been innovating, but they’d failed to crack Erin’s mysterious recipe.
(Ice cream is now permanently on sale at The Wandering Inn! 2 silver a bowl! Ludicrously expensive, but who else is selling it? Huh? Huh? Also—free ice cubes. And depressing fire!)
Nevertheless, they’d made progress. And this new tea brand was…decent. Too sweet by half, but it had something to it. The café was close to crowded, but each table had a decent remove and most patrons were being cycled in and out. You had to wait for a table and your turn.
Unless you were one of the two Drakes sitting there. One of them had light green scales, wearing a very stylish cut of clothing made of high-quality cotton. The other, bright yellow scales and was dressed for work.
Selys had not waited for a table. One had been procured for her when the owner saw her coming. And Drassi, as her friend, was also free to enjoy her tea as long as she wanted.
“Mm. Nice snacks. What’s this? Cream and scones?”
“Too much dairy. I’m gonna throw up. Hand me your hat.”
Selys recoiled as Drassi reached for her hat. The Drake swatted at her friend’s claws.
“Back off. I like this hat. What about the tea?”
“It’s good. But expensive. Do you know how much they’re charging for all of this?”
Selys paused.
“I do not.”
Nor had she asked. She’d assumed—rightly—that she could cover it whatever it was. Selys Shivertail adjusted her hat and noticed the envious stares. The [Heiress] paused, and again, felt that sense of surreality at her position, the amount of gold she knew she had. But only for a moment. She was getting used to it.
Money. It bought so many things. And—it was wrong how much it could buy. A position at the top of the line, for instance. Respect, or at least, privilege.
“We didn’t wait in line to get in here. I would have been right at the back of the line—I couldn’t even have gotten a tea before work started. Oh. Hey! Is that you, Fransk?”
Drassi pointed down the line of waiting guests and waved to a Gnoll. Selys winced.
“Stop waving, Drassi.”
“Why? What are they gonna do, kick you out?”
The [Gossip] and one of Selys’ best friends looked at her blankly. It was true as well. Selys shifted uncomfortably. Her name was one of the up-and-comers around Liscor. Selys Shivertail, owner of the Heartflame Breastplate.
Part of it might have been due to her Skill. [Shadow of His Name]. Or it might have been the money again. Because Selys was rich.
