7.17 S
Page 3
“Not at all, Beza. Stay away from my tail. I just understand the rules of the game better than you. I told you, it’s about odds.”
“And luck. Do you have any luck-Skills?”
“I wish. Another hand?”
“Sure. But we’re going down in the ante.”
Montressa grumbled as she slid four copper coins over the table. Palt gave her a flat look.
“Come now, Montressa—”
“I’m not losing silver to you while I’m playing the game. Anyways, this game’s decent. Not sure it’s that great. And Wistram already knows about it.”
The Centaur puffed on his cigar.
“True, but Miss Solstice is introducing it. ‘Poker’. I’m a decent fan; I played with some of the…guests, though. Thoughts?”
“I object to these cards. They’re all Drakes. Even the Archmages.”
Beza held up one playing card. Montressa and Palt nodded. They were playing cards, from this world. Card games existed—if not the specific ones Erin knew. There were four Archmages that Palt was shuffling into his deck—the equivalent of Aces, Erin had decided.
“Well, she ordered some cards from Liscor. Drakes being Drakes, of course they’d make all the cards Drakes. Archmage Zelkyr, Archmage Salindeca…not speciesist at all. Oh, look. A Gnoll [Soldier]. I don’t see any of them on the face-cards.”
The Minotaur held up another card with a lowly Gnoll [Soldier] and a symbol marking it as ‘3’. Montressa looked for some chips.
“Are you making a point, Beza?”
“I’m making chatter because I’m tired of losing to Palt. And I’m bored. We’re banned from the garden—”
“To be fair, so am I.”
“Shut it, Palt. We’re banned, so why don’t we do something?”
“Like what?”
“Something other than wasting money playing cards!”
Beza put down her fist on the table and the cards and drinks jumped. Palt sighed. He puffed on his cigar and gestured around the inn.
It was a quiet day. A few days since the…incident with Klbkch. And the dozy morning had brought cards to the inn—and gardening. But not in any big way.
“Beza, Beza. You have to be patient. Just wait until Erin gets back. Then, we can let her know how we feel about the cards. Proving once again we’re not weasels from Wistram—”
“So you can get in her good graces. I don’t think telling her how her playing cards idea is going will earn us many points, Palt.”
Montressa sighed. But it was that sort of morning. She reached for more chips and wondered if she was eating too much. It reminded her of Wistram, actually. Good food, drinks, time on your hands…
And a bee. In the quiet morning, a large bee detached herself from the ceiling. She flew downwards, like a stealthy…giant…bee. Bright yellow and black. Buzzing. A colossus compared to most insects.
Apista alighted on the Centaur’s cigar. Palt went cross-eyed and stopped smoking. Montressa and Beza stared. After a second, Montressa whispered at him.
“Palt, you have a bee.”
The Centaur didn’t move. Probably because he was aware of this fact. Apista’s wings beat hard. She lifted, and the cigar dropped out of Palt’s mouth as he leaned back.
The bee flew away, carrying her prize. The Wistram [Mages] stared. And Apista buzzed through an open door and into her little nest that Lyonette and Mrsha had made for her in the Garden of Sanctuary.
With the cigar, which she lit as her wings beat sparks and the air burst into fire around her. And the cigar smoked and Apista was happy.
After all, what was a bee if she could not fly as high as could be? A bee was high as she could be. And she was free.
But not her comrades in the dark. So the bee went higher in her head. For the hive fought valiantly. But one day, if not rescued, they’d be dead.
