7.17 S
Page 6
“Well—obviously, yes. Then in that case—what about another [Healer]? No disrespect, Healer Demerra, but perhaps the Healer of Tenbault might…?”
The Gnoll woman laughed.
“If you could get her to make a visit to Pallass, that would be the miracle, General. And even if she were able to restore the Grand Strategist’s health, the fact remains that any fall could have done this. He needs an aide. And he has to have one. No arguments. Someone has to order him to have one.”
The Drakes standing around in conference looked uncomfortable. They exchanged glances. One of the [Senators] coughed.
“Healer Demerra, one does not order…Grand Strategist Chaldion.”
He was the Grand Strategist of Pallass. Older and more experienced than any Drake…here. Perhaps anywhere. None of them, any of them, had been serving in their positions when he had first been appointed head [Strategist] of Pallass. Some of them hadn’t even been born, back then.
“Someone must. He has fallen before. If this was in his quarters, or somewhere out of the public eye…”
Demerra let her voice trail off. The others looked at each other. Senator Errif winced. The Gnoll adjusted his skullcap.
“It’s bad enough in the public eye. We can’t have another lapse in confidence. As for, erm, ordering Grand Strategist Chaldion, we could put it to a vote in the Assembly…”
“He’ll just ignore it.”
[Strike Commander] Bes, known as ‘Lighthouse Bes’ for reasons that were entirely uninteresting, predicted glumly. The others paused, and nodded. What were they going to do? Relieve Chaldion of his post? He was the best [Strategist] they had, the best and highest-leveled of all the Walled Cities. And oldest.
And yet. General Edellein searched for ideas.
“What—what about a Ring of Stonescales? We have Barkscales-level enchantments in our army. Any number of artifacts. Surely that might…”
The [Healer] glowered. People loved to tell her how to do her job.
“Stone skin, fur, or what have you isn’t much good if your bones are glass, General! Grand Strategist Chaldion could use a high-grade artifact, like a Ring of Health. But that is relic-class. If the Walled City could source one, I would be happier. Even so—he’d quickly be dependent on it.”
“Do we have anything like that in our treasuries…?”
Senator Errif looked around. Healer Demerra snapped.
“We do not. Ladies and gentledrakes, I remind you that this is age. And there is little anyone can do…”
She paused. And reconsidered her words because they were patently—wrong.
“…There are options. Many of which I have explored, and so has the Grand Strategist. Even so, few options are cheap, let alone convenient, even for Pallass. I would like to remind you all of one thing: Grand Strategist Chaldion is one hundred and six years old.”
Everyone stopped. General Edellein opened his mouth and closed it a few times. But then he nodded.
In the face of that, no one had anything to say. Demerra sniffed and ushered them into the waiting room, sealing her clinic against intruders. A squad of 4th Army’s elites were blocking the doorway as well; no one would assassinate the Grand Strategist.
The others talked outside the clinic. Edellein paused.
“I forget how old he is. He’s as spry as someone three decades younger.”
Lighthouse Bes chuckled, and prismatic light lit up the inside of her throat for a second. But then she realized no one else was laughing. She adjusted her armor, blushing.
“I think we all take Grand Strategist Chaldion’s youth for granted. At least…his health. But he is aging.”
