7.17 S
Page 11
“It helped in the refining process. No ingredients, which would be massive. But I’ve got…another 6% chance of making the potion rather than it exploding.”
“Useful. Very useful. And you won’t tell me what her level is? You know I will find out.”
“Leave her alone. She’s not your anything.”
“She’s not a bystander either. You may stay out of it. This is my decision as a [Strategist]. You are a busybody that Pallass deigns to call on and suffer.”
The two Drakes glowered at each other. Saliss turned his head and saw his tail was moving snappishly over the floor. He took a few breaths.
“…Well, I’m going to sell my Youth Potion on the market. You can pay me for it, Chaldion. I’ll give it to you for the same price the last one went for. How about it? You can dance around for a week like when you were young. The duration’s a week now, by the way.”
“Congratulations. I’m sure any number of petty idiots would like to sire a new generation of fools. I wish you the best of luck selling it.”
“Oh, not me. I have an apprentice now. And I have someone to sell it for me. Sales skills, you know? You going to eat the chocolates?”
“After the pie. Don’t touch—”
Saliss swiped a chocolate. Chaldion hissed at him. He settled back as Saliss smirked and moved his head back out of smacking range. Then—Chaldion was quiet again. He looked at Saliss, seriously.
“Tell me. Honestly. How much does the Potion of Youth earn you?”
“What? Trying to outbid the competition already? I told you—”
“And how much do you spend on the Potion of Reverse Aging in this pie each time?”
Chaldion pointed at the pie on the tray. Saliss froze, mid-cavort. He looked at Chaldion. And shrugged, as innocently as could be. A perfect shrug. Like an Erin-shrug. And his voice was as good as Erin’s. Better.
“Eh. You know how it is. You make money, you don’t make money.”
The old Drake looked at Saliss steadily. He looked at the pie, and gestured with his loaded fork.
“…If I didn’t eat the pie?”
“I’d probably feed it to you with a funnel. Anyways, I can’t just spike your drink. It’s best eaten with food.”
Saliss’ voice was perfectly serious for a second. Chaldion nodded.
“I’m not turning it down. Put the funnel away or I’ll shove it somewhere we’ll both regret.”
“Is that an offer or a threat?”
The [Alchemist] chuckled as he put away the metal funnel. But the two of them…Chaldion chewed, swallowed.
“…How much?”
“I don’t count numbers, old man.”
“Liar. I’ve never met an [Alchemist] who didn’t. It’s that much, is it?”
Saliss turned his back abruptly. He rested his elbows on the bed as he leaned against it.
“I’m getting better. It’s two years now. If I get to four, or higher? That’s a real savings. I’m still leveling up. And I don’t depend on levels. Who knows, maybe I will find something amazing at that inn?”
The Drake regarded his grey scales on one arm. As he chewed, he thought he saw them brighten a bit, turn colorful. Some of the places where dead scales had flaked off…were they starting to regrow? Was it just his imagination?
“And until then? No—even if you master it. How many Potions of Reverse Aging will you give me? How much of the profits of your adventuring work, your Potions of Temporary Youth—everything else—goes into this pie?”
“Eh. I’d charge Pallass for it, but the Walled City can’t pay all my bills. Enjoy your pie, old lizard. I liked it.”
The other Drake’s head never moved. Chaldion poked the back of it with his fork.
“Be serious for once in your life. When will you stop, Saliss?”
Silence. Just pure silence. And then, Saliss replied, without turning his head.
