7.17 S
Page 32
“And even then. Even when he’s seen me fighting for Pallass. Chaldion won’t look me in the eye. Not me. After all I’ve done. And you know what? I’m keeping him alive until he’ll look at me. Because someday he’ll die. And when he does, they’ll come down on us harder. Turnscales.”
She raised her voice. The pub went silent. Mirn saw the Drake newcomer circulating near the back look up. The forbidden word made the other guests look at Onieva nervously. They knew her, but—
She was too angry to care.
“They won’t ignore us after the old man. They’ll hunt. Overturn every rock and exile us. If they don’t find enough rope first. But it’s not like that everywhere.”
“You mean—Oteslia? I hear it’s easier there. Or Zeres?”
“It’s the same in all the Walled Cities.”
Onieva snapped. She pointed at Mirn, her finger remarkably unwavering despite how drunk she was.
“I’m talking about other places! It doesn’t have to be like this, you know. Nerrhavia’s different. For Drakes, at any rate. They care about your fabric. So—ironically, us Drakes can walk around as we please. It’s the Alterkind they hate. So it’s the same everywhere, actually. Nevermind.”
“Onieva, you’re drunk.”
Mirn gently pried her claws off her empty cup. Onieva stared at him. Then she shook her head. Mirn remembered his friend. She had come back from Nerrhavia as a seasoned [Alchemist]. With a potion and her name. And a resolution not to take an apprentice and get romantically involved, ever.
The normal atmosphere returned after a while. Onieva idled as Mirn fed her some of the terrible sandwiches.
“…You should get food from The Wandering Inn. They have good food. It’s a nice place.”
“Yes, yes. But it’s not for us. Liscor’s like Pallass, I bet.”
“It could be better. It could all be better. I could burn it down.”
“If you burn this pub down, I’ll hit you.”
“You couldn’t touch me. No one can. I’m the biggest disgrace in Drake society and they can’t fire me or stop me. Isn’t that funny?”
“Hilarious, yes.”
“Mirn—he’s asking if there are more places like this one.”
The Drake was bothering some of the other clients. This time Mirn looked up. Onieva jerked upright and pointed a finger. She didn’t bother with subtlety.
“I am so angry at that old damn Drake. Hey! You! Stop bothering them or we’ll pull out your scales one by one!”
She shouted at the Drake. And Mirn saw the Drake look up nervously. He waved apologetically and slid towards the doors. Mirn’s scales chilled.
“Onieva. I think that guy’s…”
“Yeah. Clear everyone out.”
The [Alchemist] might have been beyond drunk, but she was still an adventurer. She narrowed her eyes, and sobered up almost at once. Mirn’s clients watched sedately as the Drake left, smiling around and apologizing. The instant the door closed they moved.
“Downstairs. No one bother with the doors!”
Mirn snapped. Everyone flooded towards the real secret exit. Mirn checked all three of the magical doors he’d installed.
Erin wasn’t the only one who’d learned you could install your own magical doorways. These were only reinforced and magically locked. Onieva looked around and cursed.
“We’ve got four minutes, I bet. Grab the doors.”
“No. They’ll slow them down—”
Mirn was herding everyone out of the secret hole in the basement. It led to the 1st floor—everyone was hurrying out into the street, scattering. They’d done this before. But Onieva was angry. Her tail lashed.
“How much do they cost? Grab the damn doors.”
“Onieva, forget about them and come on.”
There was a sound from outside. Mirn spun. A voice bellowed.
“This is the Watch! Open the door at once!”
