7.17 S
Page 2
Bleh. Potatoes? Cucumbers? They were both Terandrian foods Lyonette loved to feed her. The [Princess] picked Mrsha up and cuddled her.
“If we get good crops, I might make you a treat, Mrsha. Fresh food!”
“And blue fruits! And chocolate! All free! Mountains of chocolate! And faerie flowers growing on the hill! And—and apple trees! Although those might take a while.”
Erin threw up her hands excitedly. This was it! Free food! She saw Bird throw a seed core into a hole, kick the pile of dirt over it, and smack the ground a few times with a shovel.
“I am done planting, Erin.”
“Thanks, Bird!”
“May I go back to the tower now?”
“Yes, Bird.”
Lyonette and Erin chorused. Bird waved at them. Lyonette sighed as she flicked hair out of her face.
“Well, I’m sweaty and dirty and I think we all need a bath. But we also have work. Ishkr’s about to get off-duty, Erin. I’ll take over for him—will you take Mrsha to the public baths?”
The private little bathing room Lyonette wanted made wasn’t done yet. There would be a hot tub in it—a big one, as well as other, convenient cleaning places. And thanks to Erin’s Garden, water wouldn’t be a huge issue—although Lyonette wanted to divert the local stream to run by the inn so they’d avoid draining the pond.
Divert a stream. She had the Antinium working on it. And the inn was coming together. The 2nd floor was done, there were new tenants in the inn—the [Mages], the Players of Celum, and more. Erin nodded as Mrsha edged backwards.
“We can take a bath. It’ll be fun, right, Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll wrinkled her nose. She didn’t see the point. Nor did she want to sit in a public bath while Erin—who could be slow—splished about and got clean for half an hour. Or longer! She shook her head and pointed towards the pond. Erin frowned.
“Mrsha, no. We can get clean with soap! It’s fun, right? Mrsha? Come back here. Mrsha—”
The white Gnoll raced off. Erin ran after her, shouting. But she didn’t realize that her attempt to stop Mrsha from taking her own bath was actually…a trap.
Numbtongue, walking back from his finished planting, saw Mrsha waving her paws at him and signaling frantically. He paused, grinned, and obligingly stuck out a foot as Erin ran past him. She tripped and saw the pond.
 
—-
 
“Mm. I have nothing. Damn. Three Archmages again, Palt? What’re the odds?”
Montressa threw down her hand of cards and glared. She was sitting at a table. Gambling. She saw the Centaur smirk and reach for the pot.
“Good ones, Montressa. Especially if you know when to fold. Which you don’t.”
“I nearly had a straight.”
Beza grumbled. Palt rolled his eyes. He reached for his cigar and lit it with a snap of his fingers. Montressa and Beza saw him take a puff, and sigh. Then the Centaur looked around. But Erin wasn’t here.
“She’s still planting in the garden. You’re clear, Palt.”
“Thanks, Mons.”
The [Illusionist] sighed and puffed away. Erin Solstice still had a ban on him smoking in her inn. It was the one sour note in an otherwise quite pleasant experience. The three [Mages] were guests of The Wandering Inn.
And right now, they were gambling. With cards.
New cards. Montressa peered at the little deck Palt was shuffling. Cards. They were hardly unknown to her. Although this particular deck and configuration were.
“I don’t like this game. Palt’s winning far too often. If you’re cheating Palt, I’ll pull out your tail hairs one by one.”
Beza gave Palt a suspicious look, as was somewhat appropriate for a [Mage] specializing in illusion spells. Palt smirked at her.
