7.17 S
Page 27
She threw back her hood and removed the cloak. It went into to the bag of holding. Onieva sensed eyes on her—they had been on her the moment she’d entered. But only a few lingered. People recognized her here.
“Onieva. I haven’t seen you in a week.”
A voice came from the bar. The female Drake made a beeline for the Drake owner of this establishment.
“Mirn. This place is awful.”
“Don’t say that. You’ll wound my pride. Here, have a sandwich on me. And a drink?”
A plate and drink were slid across the bar. They didn’t exactly do a smooth, Rufelt-quality slide; they hit a bump and would have gone over the side if Onieva hadn’t caught them. She grabbed the drink and plate and swore. Then she took a bite of the sandwich and promptly spat it over the bar counter.
“Ancestors. What is that?”
“Onieva! It’s food! Can’t you tell?”
“That is the stalest food I’ve ever had. And I’ve eaten five-week old bread by accident. At least that had fresh mold. You can’t cook, Mirn. Don’t tell me you tried?”
The Drake looked at her old acquaintance. Another Drake leaned on the counter. Mirn, the owner of…this place at this moment, grinned at her. He had an infectious smile, also a scar across his bottom and upper lip.
“I didn’t. I bought these from some idiot and it’s all we’ve got. They went stale, alright?”
“When did you buy them?”
“This morning.”
“That explains it.”
Onieva pushed the plate away. She sighed.
“Your bag of holding isn’t good at preserving food, Mirn. Stop buying this stuff.”
“It’s the only one with the capacity I need. Have a drink.”
The Drake urged his friend. Onieva took a swallow. She opened her mouth.
“Spit it and I’ll make you eat the entire plate.”
The Drake warned Onieva. She closed her mouth.
“This is disgusting.”
“But it’s cheap. Honestly, it is bad. But it’s all we could get on short notice. Take a seat. Where’ve you been?”
Their greetings finished, the two Drakes leaned in. Mirn wasn’t exactly circulating the room, waiting on clients. And Onieva noticed most had brought their own food or drinks. Some were chatting together, or finding new people. Cautiously.
In the background, someone had set up a music crystal. Onieva heard a thumping beat and a female voice. She smiled and began to tap her foot.
“Catchy.”
“Isn’t it? The Queen of Pop. She’s selling those music crystals. That’s a gift. The kids are loving it.”
Mirn tilted her head, indicating a group of Gnolls and Drakes and a single Garuda dancing wildly in a corner. They were being treated with some forbearance, despite the pub’s clientele differing wildly in ages. But the pop song didn’t bother anyone unduly. In fact—Onieva smiled.
“I should buy some. For myself, obviously.”
“Obviously. Can’t share it with me.”
“You’ll just put it in here. And then someone might ask questions. And I am done with questions. And I’m in a bad mood, Mirn.”
The Drake rolled his eyes.
“No, really? And here I thought to myself ‘Mirn, you know when I see Onieva? It’s always when she’s in a good mood.’ What crawled up your tail today?”
“Oh…you know the usual suspect.”
“Right. I heard.”
Mirn went sober for a second. He investigated a mug, picking at a bit of something. Onieva checked her mug; Mirn was in theory a [Pub Owner], a [Publican]. In theory, because he didn’t have that class and because his establishment was nothing like Tails and Scales, or even The Wandering Inn.
Rufelt would have probably burned down this place if he knew it existed. But he didn’t. Not many people did. This was a word-of-mouth place. And you had to know the password. You had to be invited. And you had to need it.
