7.17 S
Page 17
The two Drakes looked at each other. Drassi glanced around at the café. Tea parlor, whatever. It was for well-to-do Drakes and Gnolls, and they were waiting in line. The [Waitress] was already thanking Selys profusely for a silver tip. Drassi smiled with teeth.
“I’m sure she could. But you wouldn’t ask her to do that, right?”
The two Drakes looked at each other. And Selys felt…she glanced at the tip. That wasn’t something most Drakes did. It was more of a Human tradition, but Selys had adopted it because it made a difference. She could afford to tip.
Silently, Selys got up, and the two walked through the streets towards The Wandering Inn. They joined a crowd around the door.
“Whew. Looks like a bigger crowd. I guess word got around about Erin’s new card games. It’s great when she comes out with something interesting.”
Drassi commented as they got into line. Drakes and Gnolls looked around. Some of them seemed to take offense to the comment.
“We’re not here just for entertainment, Miss Drassi. The Human’s not the only fun in Liscor.”
A Gnoll sniffed at Drassi, doing a pretty good Pisces impression. Selys suddenly missed him. The other people waiting for the magical door to be switched to Liscor agreed.
“It’s not like she’s the only entertainment in Liscor.”
“Of course not. There’s dancing, card games, dice games, magic games, drinks, socialization, music, um—[Bards] with jokes or news—”
“Sex.”
Drassi helpfully nodded as she balanced her snack-bag from the café in one claw. The guests coughed or shuffled their feet awkwardly. Someone went on.
“Training, ball throwing, sekach—swimming in the spring, and visiting the [Traders], cooking…”
Sekach, a Drake game of conquest and hoarding…stealing the opponent’s treasure. Played with colorful pieces of wood. The subject of many fights between players.
“Um…plays? Baseball?”
Two new crazes sweeping Liscor. But the plays were confined to The Wandering Inn mostly; there were some knockoffs, but The Players of Celum were the best without question. And baseball? Teams were playing for fun, but there was some talk about another competition. People wanted Erin to organize it.
The guests in line frowned. And who had brought that game to the city?
“No, that’s her new stuff. But there are pets!”
Everyone agreed. Pets. Pets were good. See? Liscor had more entertainment than just the crazy Human with the inn! Absolutely! They could entertain themselves elsewhere.
At that moment, the door opened. Drassi pushed past everyone.
“Excuse me! I’ve gotta get to work. Mrsha! I have a treat! Let me know if you’re not coming through. Hi, Ishkr. Want some cream scones? Anyone who’s coming through—we have card games! Poker! That’s what it’s called, right?”
She smiled back through the doorway. Selys and the other Liscorians looked at each other. There was tons of stuff…elsewhere…they could do for fun. Tons of it. However, well…
 
—-
 
“Erin! What’s new?”
The young woman in the inn looked up to a small avalanche of guests coming through from Liscor. She saw Selys, Drassi—Mrsha had already raced towards the Drake [Bartender] as she set up.
“Selys! Hi! I’ve got cards!”
She waved her hand in the air. Selys, walking over, saw Erin was alone at her table. There were a number of guests and familiar faces around the inn. At other tables.
“Cards? Oh, the poker thing Drassi mentioned. How do you play? I’m free for the day. Hello, Mrsha!”
The Gnoll waved at Selys absently. Drassi had scones with cream! Selys turned to Erin. The young woman was explaining.
“It’s this fun game. You can play with a group. Want to learn?”
