7.17 S
Page 23
She tossed it. The vial of liquid spun through the air and Calert grabbed desperately at it. One of his arms detached and caught the vial. It hovered in the air and slowly floated back to his body. He was sweating.
“Onieva! Don’t do that!”
“Relax. Don’t get your tail in knots. Saliss wouldn’t put his potions in a regular glass vial. You can get the money from him. And I’m done being his Street Runner.”
The female Drake snorted. She turned. And she missed Calert’s glare at her back. She looked around, disinterested in the entire room. But Selys—as Calert hurried away with the item of the hour, Onieva counted.
“Ladies and Gentledrakes, we are ready to begin the auction. Our top item—which will be bid on worldwide is a Potion of Temporary Youth, brewed by Saliss of Lights himself!”
Calert’s voice echoed through the hall. And scrying mirrors began to light up as viewers from elsewhere tuned in. Like many auction houses, those from afar could bid on items in Pallass.
Well, there were private auction-houses too, with darker items on sale. Chandrar had them. And there were even more elite gatherings than these. But Pallass’ was notable, despite being smaller for one thing.
The Potion of Youth. Onieva saw heads turning. Everyone who was anyone here turned. Some weren’t even that old. But it was the name, the power and desire that made them look for the very item she’d tossed at Calert. And which gave the fake Dullahan his small amount of power here.
Youth. A way to restore age, however temporarily. Lord Werdin broke off from speaking with Selys, and Onieva chuckled, seeing the naked desire in his eyes. This was why she stuck around. And also why they let her in here.
“Fat chance you’ll get it, Werdin. You can’t outbid the really rich. And for what? One week.”
The Drake was drinking something expensive. She made a face and spat it into an ornamental vase. She caught sight of one of the few Gnolls sniffing at her in horror. Onieva stuck out her tongue. The Gnoll hurried off, shaking his head in disgust. And Onieva strolled across the room.
“You must attend one of our gatherings, Miss Selys. I am part of it, but Healer Demerra organizes the events. I believe there is one in four days. Allow me to send you an invitation—it will be at my estates this time, but we do alternate locations.”
“Oh—uh—and what do you all do?”
Duskal, the rich Dullahan woman whose armor was totally authentic and totally worthless, smiled grandly.
“Speak, of course. About such matters that concern us. But we also bid on our own small collections. Demerra has a collection of very fine healing crystals which rejuvenate the body. There are tonics, other artifacts—ah, but speaking of which, the auction has begun. I was waiting for this. If you’ll excuse me?”
Her head was looking as well towards the auction, and the vial of viridian liquid. Age. Duskal had to be pushing sixty. Oh, to be a young Dullahan for a moment! But she’d be bidding against the world’s biggest purses. She wouldn’t make it past the first round of bidding, but she’d be part of it, just to prove—she could have it if she beggared herself.
Selys saw the Dullahan woman walking quickly towards the auction house. Well—a measured tread, with the attendant Dullahan holding her head on the pillow. Now that was rich. Someone just to hold your head. She tried to count how many invitations she’d received.
