7.17 S
Page 8
4th Company’s Elites were a mix of Drakes and Dullahans. A pair of Gnolls—no Garuda. The kind of elites who took after Relc, rather than, say, Bevussa’s old squadron, or Keldrass’. That meant they were quick, rather than burly. True, Relc was both, but the Gecko of Liscor was famed for speed over brawn, ironically.
“No one’s allowed entrance. Don’t block the street!”
The Drake [Major] was snapping at people asking questions. And he was not in a mood to share details, even if he’d been privy to them. He put his hand on the hilt of the mace he carried when words weren’t enough.
Not that many people tried. That was—until a rather familiar voice and figure caused a disturbance in the crowd.
“Coming through! Hey! Whoops. Where are you going? The street’s big enough for all of us. Hey! Hey. Do I know you?”
A Drake with dusky yellow scales, rather slimmer than the [Soldiers] in their armor, was navigating through the crowd—although no one really stood in his way. In fact, they got out of his way rather quickly.
Because he was naked. The squad recognized him on sight of course; anyone living in Pallass for any amount of time would.
Saliss of Lights, Saliss Oliwing, Named Adventurer, famous [Alchemist] and even more infamous nudist, walked out of the crowds, holding up a claw for people to high-five. No one did. He didn’t look put out by this. And he strolled towards 4th Army’s squad and the doors.
“Halt. No one’s allowed in. General Edelleim’s orders.”
The [Major] called out weakly. The two elites, a Dullahan and Drake, crossed the blades they carried—long glaive-type weapons—in front of the doors. Saliss paused.
“What? Oh, hey. Do I know you? Don’t mind me. I’m just going to both—I mean, say hi. I’ll just slip in and…”
He tried to limbo under the spears. The Drake [Major] stared at Saliss. Like a true Pallassian, he almost forgot Saliss was naked, even though it was…obvious.
“Adventurer Saliss, no one is allowed in. Not even a [Senator].”
“What? No one? Come on, make an exception. I know you, you know me, I know Edellein. You’re, uh, Qune, right?”
“No, sir. And I can’t open the doors—”
Saliss was edging around the spears. The [Soldiers] were looking at the [Major] for guidance. By all rights, they should have already picked Saliss up, slammed him onto the street, and proceeded to kick him hard enough to justify his visit to another [Healer].
For someone else they might have. But Saliss just leaned on the two spears the [Soldiers] were keeping crossed. He gave the Drake [Major] a cheerful grin.
“It’ll just be a little bit. Promise! I won’t get old Chaldion too riled up. Anyways, I brought lunch. Chocolates. And this nice pie I got from this inn in Liscor. Have you heard…?”
“Adventurer Saliss, I can’t—”
“Let me just slip under the spears…hey. Nice armor. The door…oh, it’s locked? Well, I’ll just…”
The elite [Soldiers] of 4th Army stood to stiff attention as the naked Drake did something to the lock. There was a click, and he slipped inside. They did not stop him. They did shout ten kinds of obscenities at the young Garuda who tried to copy Saliss and raised their weapons.
But not towards Saliss. They let him in, embarrassing as it was for their pride. Because it was that or Saliss would walk in, through 4th Army’s best and brightest if he wanted to. And both groups knew it. And the affable, liked, tolerated, Named Adventurer, Saliss of Pallass, who was always cheerful and annoyingly friendly, would walk through those doors today. And anyone who got in his way. He’d done so before.
Word got around.
 
—-
 
