7.17 S
Page 16
“So—how much is the tea? Three silver a cup? Ew. And I thought Lyonette was greedy. And the scones and cream…let’s see. That would be how many hours of work for both of us if I was paying?”
Drassi curiously and unashamedly began adding up numbers. Selys blushed.
“Drassi…”
“No, I’m curious. Do the math with me. And how much money does Keldrass pay you per day to rent the armor?”
“…Drassi.”
“What did you say? Like, three gold coins per day? And that’s because you’re giving him a discount in case he finds treasure. Just asking.”
The former [Receptionist] took a deep sip of the tea. It really was too sweet. A bit invigorating—the [Teamaker] had a Skill after all—but it was just a fad. The recipe would have to be improved.
Former [Receptionist]. It was true that Selys still had her class. But…she didn’t really work as much in the Adventurer’s Guild anymore. She was there for parts of the day, and she came by to help train the newbies. But even her grandmother had let her stop working as much. It was a hobby now; Selys didn’t need the coin.
“He can afford it, Drassi. Adventurers make that kind of money every single day.”
Drassi rolled her eyes. That wasn’t the point and both Drakes knew it.
“I know that. I heard Keldrass complaining that his team only pulled in, like, five gold coins on a bad day. Five gold coins. That’s like…Erin pays well, but I can’t toss five gold coins out. I’d sit down and cry if I lost five gold.”
“You heard him wrong, Drassi. He’s mad if his team earns fifteen gold a day.”
“…Oh.”
Selys felt the need to clarify.
“It’s from the dungeon. With the monster parts bounties, he can make a lot of money. And that’s an average…”
“Right. So he can afford to pay you a measly three gold coins each day.”
The [Gossip] and [Bartender] gave Selys a bright smile. The Drake shifted. She was still friends with Drassi, who was a childhood confidant and who hadn’t been affected by Selys’ newfound wealth. In that she hadn’t asked for favors. But this conversation was…awkward.
“Adventurers make tens—hundreds of thousands of gold coins. And they spend it on potions, armor, artifacts. And because I can rent the Heartflame Armor—I don’t have to work. Because my uncle—because Zel died. But he wanted me to have this. Should I feel…guilty?”
“Absolutely. It’s totally unfair.”
Selys stared at Drassi, poised to take another sip of tea.
“Really?”
Her friend laughed and waved one claw.
“No, I’m being serious. It’s disgusting. But hey—at least you’re benefitting, right?”
“I’m building houses. An entire apartment.”
“Good for you. How much is rent?”
“…Drassi, are you in a bad mood today?”
The [Gossip] winked at Selys cheerfully.
“I’m not. I’m just throwing numbers around. Does it bother you?”
Selys put her cup down. She was done having tea. Her friend chewed on a scone and sighed.
“Think I can get a bag so I can share this with Mrsha? I’ve got work in twenty minutes. Or—can you lend me your bag of holding?”
“What? And absolutely not. Drassi—that’s disgusting. Can’t you stay? I wanted to talk more.”
“Work! Hey, can I get a bag for this?”
The [Bartender] was talking with a [Waitress] as she shoved her scone and the whipped cream into one mess. The worst part was that Selys was sure Mrsha would eat it and enjoy it.
“Erin could let you off, Drassi.”
The [Gossip] paused. She looked back at Selys as the other Drake fumbled for an appropriate tip and the money for the food. She saw a gold coin flash as Selys put it down on the table.
