7.17 S
Page 14
“So stubborn. I’ve met Turnscales. If Shivertail was one—the Walled Cities abandoned him, ignored him because of his politics. That was our fault. But you? I know enough about Turnscales. That’s not a choice. You don’t have to…be like what you are.”
This time it was Saliss’ turn for his head to snap around. He stared at Chaldion, wide-eyed. With the same fury of a thousand conversations. He opened his mouth, stopped himself, and then spoke. Slowly.
“You’re right; I could pretend. I’m good at it. I could be the great hero you all want me to be. Put on pants and armor, strut around talking about how amazing Pallass is and how superior Drakes are.”
“I don’t want that.”
A fly buzzed past Saliss’ face. He clapped his claws together without missing a beat. Then he wiped the guts on Chaldion’s bed.
“Ew.”
The two Drakes didn’t break eye-contact, although Chaldion resolved to get that cleaned. Saliss went on.
“I could. And maybe it would be for the good of all Drakes. I doubt it. But guess what? I want to choose, Chaldion. And I choose this.”
He jabbed a thumb-claw at his chest. Chaldion stared at him. Then he put his head back on the bed and stared at the ceiling.
“What did I do wrong? What made you turn out like this?”
Saliss stared at the old Drake. He spoke slowly.
“You gave me everything I needed. Look at me. I’m a Named Adventurer. The best [Alchemist] in all of Izril. Isn’t that enough? I found who I was. Your mistake? It wasn’t turning me into a [Slave] to Pallass, a blind idiot like the ones you complain about.”
Chaldion stared straight up.
“So you say. But all I see is a disgrace.”
“You can’t even look at me, old man.”
Painful words. The two of them tore chunks out of each other with words alone. Saliss turned and walked towards the door. He—both Drakes shared a thought. They should have known it would turn out like this.
“The Antinium are coming. We need a hero to lead us. Can you be that hero?”
Chaldion stopped Saliss at the door. The Named Adventurer turned, claw on the doorknob.
“No. I’m just me.”
“Then who will lead us back?”
The quavering question struck Saliss harder than any of the old arguments. He looked at Chaldion, turned away.
“Enjoy your medicine, Chaldion. And stop falling down stairs.”
Then he walked out the door and shut it softly behind him. Not slammed; that wasn’t really Saliss. The Drake teased Healer Demerra as he walked out and she gave him that look. Envy, annoyance—because she knew what he could do. Or guessed. But she was wise enough to keep that to herself.
Gnolls often were. Saliss left the clinic, bothering the [Soldiers] on guard duty, and gyrated up the steps. People stared. They pointed. But they didn’t see through him. Chaldion, for all he had one good eye, had more vision than all of them.
And…Erin Solstice, for that matter. Saliss only dropped the mask when he was in his alchemy lab on the 9th floor. He had a home. But in some ways, he was safest here. Certainly, most of his protections and such were built into this place.
The Drake leaned against the wall as he entered his laboratory. He covered his eyes with one arm and sagged. For a single second. And then ten. Then a minute.
Stay alive, Chaldion. Stay alive.
That was all he really wanted to say. A fall? Damn it. Ancestors take it. After the Wyverns? After who knew how many wars and conflicts and ancient? Saliss had the urge to explode staircases everywhere in the world.
But he just rested there. Hurt, furious. And…unable to be with himself, alone, like this. For any number of reasons.
