7.17 S
Page 9
Chaldion was staring at the ceiling when he heard the familiar voice arguing with the [Healer]. The old [Strategist] sighed and glowered, but he knew even Demerra wouldn’t keep Saliss out for long.
Nor did she. Because soon, a figure poked his head through the doorway.
“Heeeey Chaldion. You’re looking terrible!”
Saliss waved cheerfully. The old Drake glanced up and gestured with one claw. The magical projection of Noass and Sir Relz vanished; he’d been watching a scrying broadcast. At least he had entertainment. Scrying, books, correspondence…no chess, though.
“Saliss. I’m not in the mood for you. Go. Away.”
The old Drake turned his head. Saliss spread his arms. He edged around the bed. Gyrated, rather.
“Aw. Come on, Chaldion. Here I am, to cheer you up! Look! I even brought you lunch. Since I bet no one thought of that! Tada! Pie! And chocolate. Want some? I’ll feed you. Say ‘ah’.”
“I will have you thrown off the walls first before I let you feed me. Get out.”
The Drake watched Saliss busy himself around the bed. Saliss had a floating tray in front of Chaldion with the pie and a fork propped in the center.
Demerra’s clinic had a lot of expensive treatment options. Like healing crystals placed around the bed which naturally boosted a body’s recovery. Floating trays, options that relieved stress on an injured patient…it was a far cry from a simple cot and some poultices.
But as she said—she couldn’t cure old age. And a [Healer] was a…[Healer]. At some point, Demerra did rely on magical objects. Tinctures to aid natural healing potions—which could do a lot.
Saliss was an [Alchemist]. And Chaldion, eying the cake and half-melted chocolates that Saliss put on the tray, glowered at Saliss. His one good eye flashed.
“I. Fell. It was perfectly natural. I do not want or require your sympathy, Saliss.”
“Aw, don’t say that. What would the Walled Cities do without ‘Chaldion the Great and Powerful?’ The Grand Strategist of Pallass! Oh, heavens! I swoon just imagining it!”
The Named Adventurer pretended to do so by the bedside. Chaldion looked around for his stick. He swiped irritably at Saliss with his claws and winced.
“I. Am. Fine. I do not need a minder or—or a bodyguard!”
“Aw, come on, Chaldion. It’s only a matter of time before someone hires a killer to off you. Or the Antinium get you. Frankly, if they asked me, and I was an [Assassin], I’d do it at a discount. They don’t even need a knife, just a staircase. It would be the perfect assassination.”
Saliss spread his claws past Chaldion’s head. The old Drake just stared at him. Then he flipped up his eye patch with commendable speed for someone his age.
The naked Drake ducked. There was a flash—the blast and flash of light wasn’t too strong since Chaldion didn’t have his good eye in, the ones that could do nasty things, but it still blasted around the enclosed room.
Demerra came running.
“No casting spells! Saliss! If you can’t avoid provoking Chaldion, you’re leaving!”
“I didn’t do anything! He’s touchy! And old! And he smells like…ew.”
Saliss protested as Chaldion swore and looked for his bag of holding, which carried more deadly weapons. It was missing, on the nightstand. Demerra pointed at Saliss.
“Stop provoking him.”
“Fine, fine. Don’t ruin your pie, old man. Or the chocolates! Mm. These are great. Have you had any? Say ‘ah’.”
