7.17 S
Page 5
That was all. Eight steps. But it was a poor tumble. And Pallass’ citizenry who saw the incident stopped and stared. When they didn’t see the Grand Strategist immediately rising, they had a thought. And when General Edellein called for a [Healer] and a stretcher—the Walled City worried.
All the Walled Cities worried. Over a single moment. An accident that had nothing to do with Wyverns, the machinations of Humans or other foreign powers like the King of Destruction. Of course, they demanded answers as word spread—too quickly, as it now did by way of [Messages].
 
Oteslia. Inquiring about the state of Grand Strategist Chaldion.
Manus. Is this information confidential? Requesting lockdown of unnecessary gossip.
Fissival. And how did you find out about it, Manus?
Zeres. Seconds Oteslia’s request.
Salazsar. Seconds both requests.
Manus. Pallass, confirmation?
Pallass. Standby.
Zeres. Ancestors, not again. Pallass, CONFIRMATION?
Pallass. ‘Go to Rhir’s hell and stop spreading gossip.’ From Grand Strategist Chaldion, verbatim. Exiting shared [Message] spell.
 
He wasn’t dead. But neither was he alright. And—despite his words, there was worry. About thirty minutes later, Grand Strategist Chaldion lay in a bed in the best [Healer]’s personal treatment clinic. And the [Healer] was fending off queries from a hundred different people, including several [Senators] and General Edellein and more.
She was, somewhat ironically, a Gnoll. And they were mostly Drakes; Pallass’ leadership. The Gnoll woman, a City-Gnoll born and raised in Pallass, was trying not to growl her replies. But she did snap with a bit of a hiss in her voice.
“He is fine. Fine as can be expected for someone of his age falling down the stairs! It would have been worse if he hadn’t been caught. But he needs rest, which means no visitors. None!”
“But we applied healing potions on the spot! Are you sure he’s…”
General Edellein Blackwing, a relation to the late Thrissiam Blackwing and Osthia Blackwing, two family members who’d been lost recently, was not having a good day. First the Wyvern attack that his army had failed to fight because they’d laid the ineffective ambush, next, this. Right next to him. He was thus very concerned, for his reputation as well as Pallass’ military leadership. He peered past the [Healer] into the room.
Chaldion lay in a bed lined with stones enchanted with healing properties. The very fabric of the bed itself was a composite fabric-gel that he was not happy about lying in. One of his legs was raised and in a sling. For all that, the Drake looked healthily annoyed. He was conscious. But his old scales, grey and flaked off in places, were mottled with bruises. His left leg had a fractured bone.
The female Gnoll [Healer] propped her paws on her hips and sighed.
“General Blackwing, you did everything you could. However, Grand Strategist Chaldion is too old for potions to work perfectly. I told the Grand Strategist as much last time. He should have a personal [Healer] or [Bodyguard] with the appropriate specialization on him at all times. A [Minder], at the very least. He’ll be sitting on that broken leg for at least two days, even with my best crystals and recovery Skills. And he’ll have to take more care.”
“Two days? But I was in and out of here in sixteen hours when I broke my claw—”
“You are half the Grand Strategist’s age. Bodies develop resistances to healing potions, General. You know this.”
The Drake flushed at the tone in the [Healer]’s voice. But it was basic knowledge any [Warrior] knew. He cleared his throat.
