7.17 S
Page 19
“…Do you want to come with me, Erin? I’m actually hoping I can meet some people in Pallass, and I have some—acquaintances Keldrass recommended me to.”
Erin Solstice paused at the door.
“Um, I probably should stick in the inn, Selys. I could go through, but the last time I went…aaah! Wyvern attack! You know? I might hold off.”
The young woman mimed and Selys nodded. When you put it like that—she was somewhat glad as Erin adjusted the door.
“One to go through! Hey Zekia, is that you?”
“Halt! You can’t just open—Miss Solstice!”
The voice instantly became resigned as Erin poked her head through the doorway and waved. Selys glanced at Erin.
“You know the guards?”
“Sure do. I sometimes leave pizzas in the door at night. They stopped shouting as much at me. And threatening to shoot me. Hey Zekia, this is Selys. Can’t she go through? I told you, the door’s all charged up now. See? I can jump through, jump back—waitasecond. I’m gonna stop doing that now.”
Erin caught herself, turned to Selys and smiled. The Drake [Lieutenant] on the other side sounded resigned.
“Miss Solstice, we cannot just waive the list. We have a system!”
“Yeah, but the door has magic now. Come on. It’s Selys. She’s been here before.”
“That doesn’t constitute a reason to let her through. Miss Solstice, we cannot allow you to break the rules—wait.”
The pair of eyes behind the sliding panel flicked to Selys. The Drake eyed the steel door—crenellations from which the guards could shoot through—and the other eyes watching her. She saw the Drake [Lieutenant]’s eyes widen.
“Do you mean Selys Shivertail, as in…the niece of General Shivertail? The owner of…”
Erin blinked. The Drake, Zekia, looked at Selys. And the [Heiress] saw her step back, confer with one of her squad mates. Then Zekia spoke again.
“Miss Shivertail?”
“Um—if this isn’t legal, I can go back…”
Selys pointed weakly over her shoulder. She was no Erin. But—Zekia paused.
“Allow me ten—five minutes, Miss Shivertail. I will communicate with the Watch Captain on duty. Pardon me.”
She stepped back. Erin stared at Selys. And the Drake waited nervously in the box of a room where the door was now stored. Until Zekia came back, opened the door, and motioned Selys through.
“Right this way, Miss Shivertail.”
“What? You’re letting her through?”
Even Erin was taken aback. Zekia nodded to Selys and the [Heiress] realized that there was someone waiting for her.
“Miss Shivertail is on a list, Miss Solstice.”
“She is?”
A Drake with a monocle was waiting for Selys. He bowed quite smartly and adjusted the monocle he was wearing. Selys recognized him of course, instantly. The world would recognize this Drake. And he was not alone. Watch Captain Venim gave Selys a smart salute and Erin a glare. The [Innkeeper] waved. But it was for Selys the two Drakes were here.
“Miss Shivertail? My name is Sir Relz Hauscale of Pallass. And this is Watch Captain Venim. I had the good fortune to be speaking with the Watch Captain when I heard about your desire to visit our city. May I be the first to welcome you here?”
“A pleasure, Miss Shivertail. I had the honor of meeting your uncle. Twice.”
Venim nodded to Selys. She blinked at him. And then at Sir Relz.
“I’ve uh, been here before. I just wanted to visit because…I’m Selys. Uh—pleased to meet you.”
Sir Relz didn’t miss a beat. He bowed and offered his arm.
“Ah, in that case, it would be my delight to introduce you to Pallass, Miss Selys. Or rather, a part of it simply begging to meet you. We were aware of our peers in Liscor, but this is a fortuitous circumstance.”
“Me? Why?”
