7.17 S
Page 13
“Listen to me.”
The old Drake swiped at Saliss’ head in genuine anger. Saliss ducked without even looking and the claw missed him. In a way—that reassured Chaldion most of all. He calmed down again.
“I’m not the Titan of Baleros. I’m only a Grand Strategist, and that’s after I had twice the time most [Strategists] have. I’m not a hero like Zel Shivertail.”
“Yeah, you’re not dead yet.”
This time Chaldion tossed the pie tin. The fly and Saliss dodged. The Grand Strategist went on.
“We need a hero. The Antinium will attack a third time. And an eighth. They won’t stop. They overpowered the Blighted Kingdom and the only reason it survived was because they wanted to leave Rhir. Listen to me, Saliss. I am not that hero. Zel Shivertail was. And he was killed.”
“By a Goblin Lord.”
“That practiced necromancy. A single Goblin Lord spellcaster, who beat the Tidebreaker in single combat, out of sight from everyone. That’s not strange to you?”
Saliss was silent. So was Chaldion. He paused, looking around the room. But the two Drakes spoke no further on a hunch that Chaldion might have had. The Grand Strategist took another breath. He did feel better, truly. Not only had he received another two years of life—or rather, de-aged by two years, the effects of the potion would last with him for as long as a month.
What a waste.
“Saliss. I can’t rally the cities against the Antinium. Or the Humans. I couldn’t even convince the Assembly to reinforce Liscor. And I pushed for that.”
“You’re just not bossy enough. But yeah. You failed. Feel ashamed.”
Chaldion inhaled and exhaled.
“You think they’ll listen to me more after today? All of Pallass saw me carried here. I don’t blame them for pulling back. We need a hero. Someone younger. Someone who can inspire. Bring together our squabbling, idiotic species.”
“Don’t forget the Gnolls. They hate that. Also, this is sort of their continent too.”
“I’m not forgetting anything you insolent little lizard!”
The [Strategist] turned purple in the face. He gulped for air and tried to go on. Convince Saliss. He had to try again.
“You could be one. You are one. A hero. Pallass’ greatest child. You could bring us together. You and your potions—you could do it. No one else in the city has the will.”
Chaldion waited for a response. After a moment, Saliss shrugged.
“…There’s Grimalkin.”
“He could barely stall the Greater Wyvern. You could have beaten it.”
No answer. They both knew it was true.
“Who could replace you? One of the Gold-rank adventurers? General Edellein?”
Both of them laughed at that. Edellein was no Thrissiam. And Thrissiam Blackwing was dead too.
“Thrissiam might have. But he’s dead. We have too many dead hopes, Saliss. But you could do it. Become Pallass’ hero, even now.”
Chaldion’s voice was pleading. But—he saw Saliss’ head turn. The [Alchemist] looked back at Chaldion once. Then he gestured towards the wall. Towards the fly, picking over the tin.
“Everyone’s a hero, Chaldion. That fly on the wall? That’s a hero if it dies in battle. Drakes, Gnolls—we have too many heroes in our culture. It’s not for me. I don’t want to be one.”
The Grand Strategist exhaled, tiredly. Furiously, exhausted. No good. It was the same argument and both of them knew it.
“If you weren’t…”
“Like you?”
Chaldion’s head rose, wrathful. But he contained it. He stared at Saliss, and his eyes narrowed.
