7.18 M
Page 3
She snorted, and Desinee stirred. But it was a muted protest; she had been here as well. And she could remember.
“You are to learn the history of the Five Families. The true history, or at least—all that matters. Go read a book if you want to know our entire history. But when you are in my presence, today, I will tell you the truth. Hm? What’s that?”
One of the children was respectfully raising her hand. The old woman looked at her.
“What is it?”
“Lady Irisa, Great-Great Grandmother. I’ve actually been schooled on the history of our family and the other four Founding Families of Izril. I can recite it if you would like me to.”
The young girl, Irisa, had a rather expectant look on her face. The old lady stared at her. Desinee winced. She saw the old woman point.
“That’s the first one. Not a record, more’s the pity. That was that little snot of a boy who wiped his nose on the door. Desinee.”
“Yes. This way, Irisa.”
The [Lady] sighed and beckoned. Irisa started.
“What? But I just—”
“Be silent.”
The [Lady] frowned and made a motion with one hand. Irisa’s lips snapped shut. She pulled at her lips, and then, white-faced, stumbled over to the side. To listen. But she’d failed. The other children stared wide-eyed at her. And then they turned to face the old woman. She snorted.
“To speak in my presence is a privilege I afford few of your parents. Now, be quiet and listen. This is a lesson. The Five Families. The founding families of Izril, who took this land from the Drakes and Gnolls thousands upon thousands of years ago.”
“My father says we didn’t take it—”
A finger pointed. The boy recoiled as if he’d been slapped. His mouth slammed shut. And the old woman tsked as the half-Elf led him to one side.
“How soon it begins. Listen to me. We claimed this land and it was the Drakes’ and Gnolls’ land. Long before ours. We won it by spell and sword and blood. As far as I’m concerned, that makes it ours. But we took it. And they want it back. Argue over whether they deserve it, but argue with the truth of what happened and I will have Zedalien tan your hides.”
All eyes looked at the half-Elf. He was white-haired, and he had a few signs of age. And in a half-Elf? He had been serving his position before they had been born. Before their parents had been born.
“We took this land. Back when Dragons still backed Drakes. Five of Terandria’s greatest noble houses sailed across the sea with the express purpose of taking this land. And we brought artifacts, armies. And it took us eons, but we fought the Drakes and Gnolls back. Mainly because they were too busy fighting each other. But we took it. That is a fact. Just like how half-Elves ruled Terandria as much as Humans in times past. Like that, Zedalien? They might as well know that too.”
She pointed at the half-Elf and laughed. The half-Elf bowed.
“Your will, Lady El.”
“Yes. Mine. So—listen. I won’t bore you with tales of our glorious victories or history. You only need to know what the Five Families are now. And do you know what that is?”
She looked around, the matriarch of the El family. And the newest descendants of the House of El, one of the Five Families, stirred. They were aware this was a test. So—two raised their hands. The old lady pointed at one.
“You, boy?”
“We’re the House of El, Great Great Grandmother?”
She stared at him. He stared back, shaking with nerves. The old [Lady] leaned back.
“…Yes. We are. Go stand over there.”
The young boy stood and walked over, flushed with shame. The old lady looked at the girl who had turned pale.
“And your answer?”
“…In decline?”
