7.18 M
Page 18
Tritel greeted the fourth person at the bar. He got a snort in reply. Hawk glanced over at Ci, whom he was also familiar with. And…part of the ‘live and let live’ atmosphere of the bar was added to by Ci’s presence.
She was a horse. A white mare, some exquisite Terandrian breed. Hawk didn’t know horses well, but even he could tell Ci was a horse among horses. She was also standing at the bar and drinking out of a bowl.
“…Is that alcohol?”
“Of course. You think Ci’s drinking water?”
Tritel gave Hawk an odd look. The Rabbit Beastkin was doing the same, but that was Tritel. The short man was one of the mounted Couriers. And he and Ci were a pair.
“What’s this about, you two?”
“Sit down. Have a drink. But nothing stiff.”
Hawk didn’t like the friendly way the other two Couriers were glancing at him. Tritel had a stiffer drink than the other two, but then—he didn’t run. And Salamani was drinking milk. Hawk’s senses began to tingle.
“So—Lacel the Leaper got his legs broken. That fat idiot probably thought no one would stop him at night in a fancy inn. Thing is, the Assassin’s Guild is off Reinhart’s leash. And Lacel didn’t even get the damn amulet that may or may not be Lord Bein’s stolen.”
Tritel spoke cheerfully, not bothering to lower his voice. The two Couriers listened. Hawk ordered some juice. Ci gave him a sideways look with one of her eyes. He waved at her. Tritel got mad if you didn’t.
“It was a message. The Assassin’s Guild is back. We’ve all got to start sleeping with one eye open again.”
Salamani grumbled. Hawk nodded. It wasn’t good, but prices would go up with the danger. It was life. Tritel was nodding.
“Yeah, but the thing is—the delivery could still be done. In fact, some people reckon it ought to be done. Because the Assassin’s Guild might be back—but that was a Courier’s job. And we don’t fail. Not even if all the Demons in hell were chasing us.”
He gave the other two a sideways look. Hawk instantly stood up.
“That sounds great. But you know what? I uh, have the important delivery I have to do. For the Players of Celum.”
“The Players of Celum? You wouldn’t happen to know them, would you? I’d pay for a signature!”
Salamani perked up. Hawk reached for one of the monogrammed autographs.
“Take it, Salamani. I’m going to—”
“Not so fast, Hawk.”
The Rabbitman stared at the hoof in front of his chest. He stared at Ci. To his relief, he realized it was Tritel who’d spoken. The [Rider] was motioning him to sit back down.
“This is a matter of pride. The Assassin’s Guild made its mark. We make ours. Runners will deliver that package to Lady Dealia, even if Lord Bein puts a hundred thousand gold piece bounty on our heads.”
“Not if Lady Hetessana doesn’t pay us. And that’s a personal choice. Excuse me, Ci—”
The mare snorted and gave Hawk a look. He hesitated. Tritel had a [Beast Tamer] class, or something close. And Ci was as intelligent as animals got. He slowly backed away to his seat.
“I know, it’s about money. But this is different, Hawk. Hetessana’s raised the price of delivery.”
“Even so—”
“Three of us are going to deliver the package. And if the fee’s not enough for you, it’s being doubled. To send a message. And you know who’s doubling it?”
Hawk hesitated. He had a bad feeling. He glanced over the bar. He could jump over it, burst out the back door, and be gone even if Ci and Salamani tried to stop him. Hawk was a cautious Courier, as they went. He did not risk his life. Not with the Goblin Lord’s army, not with anything else. He tensed.
“I’m sorry, Tritel. But even for twice that, or four times—”
