7.18 M
Page 31
So she stood. That unimportant, unremarked upon person. Who had never featured in one of Noass’ broadcasts, or Sir Relz’s snappy commentaries. They might not even know she existed. Might not even know her name. That unimportant [Stitch Witch]. Whose level was higher than any two of the Courier’s put together. Who had existed for time immemorial.
They told stories of her in Chandrar. They refused to speak her name in Terandria. She had laid low armies, made terrible pacts. She crept in and out of myth and legend. The [Witch] the hero went to. The dark thread that laid low dynasties by their hubris and greed, through dark magic.
She was not Az’kerash, who dominated the world’s stage. She was the Spider, whose talent was laying webs. Surviving. But such an old spider. And the world was so small these days.
The Stitch Witch smiled.
“So. Small.”
She began to walk. Or ride her dark horse, stitched together of midnight. Was it both? Neither?
A shadow crossed Izril. A traveller on the road turned his head, and saw an old woman walking past him. He nearly called out. But fear chilled his tongue as he saw the tall shape. The moving shadows. He looked into her ringed gaze. And he beheld his mortality.
For a moment. Then he blinked and she was gone. But the memory stayed with him. On dark nights. He remembered that gaze and knew with certainty he would one day die. And his bones and flesh would rot in the ground.
A silence descended in a forest. The creatures of the night stopped making sound. Stopped moving. A rabbit’s heart burst as it hid in its den. Because it had seen a passing thing that scared it out of its mind.
A [Witch] walked and brought the old world with her. Old evil, which remembered lost glories.
Evil, crawling across Izril. But—Belavierr herself didn’t realize it. Something funny was happening. Her steps…curved. And her voyage through the darkness was twisted. She did not notice it at first, so confident was she. But it was happening.
Somehow, she was going the wrong way.
 
—-
 
The evening was almost given way to pure darkness. The clouds were out. A fitting day for it. Lady Ieka Imarris stared pensively out of the coach’s windows as she rode. The [Mage Lady] rode in her personal spell-coach.
Again, not the famous pink carriage of Magnolia Reinhart. But she wasn’t the only one with magic. This wasn’t as fast as the legendary carriage, but so what? It was comfortable, shielded. Protected.
And Ieka’s bodyguard rode with the coach. Armored bodyguards, wearing spelled plate armor that she had enchanted herself. Ieka would have trusted them to go up against a group of [Knights]. And if it came to it, she herself would cast magic.
She was a [Mage Lady], one of the [Ladies] you would have to list if you named Izril’s most influential. Not the best in say, beauty. Lady Wuvren would have to take that spot, for all she was over sixty.
Not the most famously passionate either. Lady Bethal or Lady Pryde came to mind, even though Ieka was known for her temper as well. But those two…grandstanding [Ladies] were somehow more iconic.
And Ieka was not considered the most powerful, despite her talent for magic, amplified by her noble class. Point to Lady Magnolia Reinhart herself for that. Or the aged Zanthia.
Ieka ground her teeth together. She was not the first ‘anything’. And that made her bitter. Not that it mattered. It was just the will of the masses. Social gossip.
But it also did matter. She bore Magnolia Reinhart a grudge. So deeply that Ieka was opposed to her. In public, and private.
