7.18 M
Page 34
Lady Zanthia was the only one there for whom Ieka had any respect. And the old woman was unchanged. Dignified, standing in the loose soil and fallen stems of wheat like she stood in the most noble of receptions. She nodded slowly towards Ieka.
And in the center of them all was her. A shorter woman than Ieka, by a bit. A bit plumper too. But then—her sweet tooth was legendary. And her smile and expression was welcoming, open. But the most deadly of the flowers of Izril did not fool Ieka one whit.
“Lady Ieka. I’m so glad you could make it. And Lady Rie as well.”
“Magnolia. And I see the others have gathered as well. I was delayed in gathering Lady Rie.”
Ieka inclined her head slowly. Stiffly. The other [Ladies] smiled or nodded, but Bethal didn’t give even that pretense. She just stared.
So did Rie. The Lady Valerund had turned into a statue upon seeing Magnolia. Ieka looked at her. Well, they did not have to stand together. But Ieka drifted forwards as Rie sketched the most rudimentary of curtsies and held back, among the outer circle.
“Lady Ieka. I was most gratified to hear your response. And that you came. Despite our…differences.”
That we’d stab each other to death on any other day. Ieka nodded at Magnolia.
“Special circumstances. Do you want to say something, Bethal?”
The other [Lady]’s gaze was burning a hole in the side of Ieka’s head. The [Mage Lady] turned her gaze and acknowledged Bethal at last. The Lady Walchaís spoke slowly.
“I received a flower.”
Ah, the black flower. Ieka had sent it with others a while ago. But Bethal would not forget. The black flower of cowardice, a symbol sent to those who had not been at the Sacrifice of Roses.
But Bethal had. Ieka felt something of a pang of guilt. But the gesture had been calculated. And they had sabotaged Tyrion’s conquest of Liscor. But for them and the south of Izril would have been opened. All that work, money spent, time, for nothing.
“And, Bethal?”
“How dare you? We were both there. I can understand the other cowards, but you? Have you forgotten your own sister?”
Bethal’s voice was low, a hiss. And the air around her was jagged, like thorns. Ieka’s head jerked, as if she’d been struck. And she might have been—
Their auras clashed in the night. The other [Ladies] didn’t draw back, but guarded themselves. Bethal’s was thorns, almost physical. They could cut and tear flesh.
Ieka’s? Hers was magic. Power. It made the air charged, and spellcraft more potent around her. Now, she clashed with Bethal.
“Forget? You forget yourself, Bethal.”
“Ladies!”
Magnolia’s voice was a brisk snap. And she clapped her hands. Both Bethal and Ieka felt a third presence bearing down on them. Neither one stopped pushing—Magnolia was strong, but she couldn’t overpower Ieka so easily.
A shift. Ieka’s [Bodyguards] sensed the conflict. How not, when two [Ladies] were clashing this fiercely? They were all women too—that mattered. Bethal’s female [Knights] moved, regarding their counterparts. And amid the carriages, one of the [Maids], the most powerful of the lot, practically a [Lady] among the common folk—moved.
Magnolia stopped Ressa with a hand. It was Zanthia who spoke, and her aura cut the other auras down to size like a precise blade.
“Bethal. We can quarrel later. But we do not fight here.”
The [Lady of Thorns] stopped. Her cheeks flamed with fury and righteous outrage, but her [Aura of Thorns] that gave her such fame, subsided. Ieka relaxed as well.
