7.18 M
Page 35
“Thank you, Zanthia. [Ladies], all present. We have our differences. But those of you who have laid aside your grudges, I thank you. For our purpose is above squabbles.”
Ieka herself nodded as Magnolia called out to the other [Ladies], some in their own circles. Even she agreed.
“We are fewer than I would like, Magnolia. And if we are not allowing our retainers to enter battle…”
Wuvren’s voice was charm incarnate. But Pryde spoke, harshly.
“If we were, you would have been better served bringing that Troll of yours, Wuvren.”
“The Baron? Yes indeed. But I was informed to bring only female bodyguards if any. And Magnolia sent her carriage for me…”
The [Eternal Beauty] sighed, smiling mischievously at Pryde. The other woman had her arms crossed. She was even more competitive than Ieka. She also had a grudge with most of the [Ladies] present. Bethal, for winning Thomast, Wuvren for her title as most beautiful…but Pryde was a girl still. Defined by one attribute.
It was to Zanthia that Ieka listened, and Magnolia herself, however grudgingly. And Zanthia spoke.
“Men are not welcome here. Not for this purpose.”
“They were when we pushed back the Goblin King.”
“They interfered. They were necessary, but this is not a combat, Bethal. Not in the same way. Our retainers will stay back, unless they are needed. And they are only needed if we have lost.”
Magnolia cautioned Bethal. The [Lady] considered this.
“…I will speak to Truvia.”
She stomped away from the circle, brushing past two other [Ladies]. The inner circle stood, with Ieka as the outsider. But Ieka Imarris refused to leave. She was one of the most high-level [Ladies] here. And she counted. Including Bethal…Pryde, Wuvren, Zanthia, Magnolia, herself.
“Six? Wouldn’t seven be more appropriate to confront directly?”
“Six will do, Ieka. As I said, the plan does not require direct victory. We will follow the plan. And seven might play into her hands. Numbers matter.”
Magnolia smiled, but tensely. Ieka nodded. True enough. Still…she cast her eyes over the three dozen or so [Ladies].
“How long?”
“Soon. I invited her, and she is coming. Whether she wills it or not. Take your places, [Ladies].”
The group changed. The retainers moved back, to the edges. The younger [Ladies]—and they were all of their majority here—stood behind the older, higher-level ones. And Magnolia and the circle of five…six as Bethal came hurrying back…were in front.
A semi-circle. Awaiting something. Zanthia stood shoulder-to-shoulder with Wuvren and Ieka. Magnolia was in the center. Fittingly enough, although that irked Ieka. She put it out of her mind. There was no room for dissension here.
No scrying orb portrayed the [Ladies] gathered here. Noass had no idea it was happening. Few people did. So this event—with many of Izril’s foremost [Ladies], each one some of the most powerful individuals on the continent—was not important. Not at all.
And neither was the dark shadow who walked out of the night. Slowly, quickly, taking singular steps but travelling far with each one.
Belavierr paused as she came to the open field. She looked around. This was not where she had intended to go. But her footsteps carried her forwards. Towards the waiting [Ladies] in their dresses.
“Ah. I was summoned.”
That was all she said to herself. She studied the [Ladies] in the center, noting each one. Dismissing them. The noblewomen stared back. Bethal through narrowed eyes, breathing heavily. Pryde appraising and dismissing the [Witch]. Wuvren frowning, troubled. Ieka watchful.
