7.18 M
Page 25
Well, that was the purpose of rookies. At least it would be interesting to watch. He wondered if he could find a scrying orb. He liked the Wistram broadcasts.
 
—-
 
The Couriers had only a few minutes of relief after avoiding Reizmelt. They were headed north, halfway towards their destination when the real ambush began. It started with an unsettling empty patch of road. On a trade route, no less.
The Couriers looked at each other. That almost never happened except when something was up. They glanced ahead as Salamani’s magically enhanced vision spotted something.
“Carriages incoming! From ahead!”
“Here they come. Damn, damn, damn—”
Hawk saw nearly a dozen dark coaches speeding down the road. Tritel gritted his teeth.
“Salamani, escape or go through?”
“My [Dangersense] isn’t tingling hard. Looks like lower-level enemies. Split up. We’ll make it out the other side.”
The Couriers nodded at each other. They split, Hawk going right, Salamani left. Tritel continued down the road. And here came the first wave of [Assassins].
In carriages. Not the legendary pink coach of Magnolia Reinhart, but clearly enchanted. Panting horses were flinging them across the ground, towards the Couriers. Some were approaching from the rear as well!
One pulled up from behind as the Couriers began to split up. Hawk saw Tritel pull out a crossbow.
“Courier on delivery! Back off!”
He had to shout that. But the painted coach just gained in speed. Definitely enchanted.
The carriage doors opened, revealing dark-clothed figures all holding glittering metal. Crossbows. Also, throwing weapons. They fired and threw their poisoned darts.
It was a good ambush. More [Riders] on horseback with movement Skills were circling, trying to cut at the Couriers. And the coaches were coming from both directions. The [Assassins] had wands, and were firing lightning bolts, homing arrows—
It was a good ambush. The kind that would get a City Runner, even the best of them. But a seasoned Courier? The [Assassins] were aiming at Ci, thinking to take the rider off his mount. But Tritel was a high-level Rider. And he had a Skill.
[Mount and Rider: Shared Skills]. The short man’s teeth flashed as he howled.
“[Flicker Dodge]! [Blinding Flash]!”
The horse flickered. She reappeared to the left, neatly dodging all the projectiles. And then—Hawk was far enough to see only a flash. But it was bright enough to make him shade his eyes.
Ci’s horseshoes and the metal on his clothing lit up. The [Assassins] went blind, and cursed as even the horse and drivers lost their vision for a few crucial seconds. By the time they recovered, the Moonlight Mare and her rider were gone.
The other [Assassins] chasing Salamani saw the [Mage Runner] had unsheathed his wand. He was using a [Haste] spell, and he’d turned [Invisible]. But some of them could see the invisibility, or track him through the grass and they surged towards his location. But the [Mage] wasn’t just trying to hide.
“Arrows of Light, come to me in gathering storm!”
The Courier shouted as he raised his wand. He reappeared and lights flashed into existence around him.
Magical [Light Arrows], a Tier 1 spell began appearing around Salamani. But dozens with each second. They flew after the [Mage], like a vast cloud of light, spinning, weaving together. One hundred, two hundred, three…
The [Assassins] wavered. And they understood too late why a master-assassin hadn’t tried to stop all three Couriers. Beyond their speed, and disinterest in the contract—
