7.18 M
Page 38
“You are giving offense, Belavierr. But your presence is already one. I say again: begone.”
Both sides stared at each other. Belavierr was breaking a rule. Neither side struck at each other. They were…
[Ladies]. And this was their place. This was their power. The same force that had thrown back the Goblin King.
Not just First Landing’s armies. They had thrown him back, forced him to order the retreat. But they had been fighting too. And because of that—because of his strength, he had walked among them, cutting them down with his blades.
Belavierr was the same. Ieka was trying to push, but it was like moving…her eyes flickered to the High Passes in the distance. Like the Goblin Lord.
“But weaker.”
Bethal was biting her lip hard enough to draw blood. It was Belavierr who laughed.
“Weaker? You do not even know what I am. And you are too few.”
She laughed at the other [Ladies] behind the six. Three dozen. A fraction of a fraction of those who had died at the Sacrifice of Roses, let alone all who had stood there. Belavierr turned her head, counting. She looked at Lady Rie for a moment and smiled. The [Lady] was frozen, her face a mask of defiance and concentration.
It was to Magnolia that Belavierr looked at again. The [Lady] was smiling slightly. But an invisible blade was trying to drive itself through Belavierr’s head. Still, the Stitch Witch resisted. The shadows were roiling. And then she began to whisper.
“Your thread is mixed. Part woven by ancient fire. Yet you stand here. There is no one to protect you. And I remember when your family first stepped onto this land. You are unguarded, girl.”
The words made Ieka start. They meant something. Magnolia’s eyes narrowed.
“I do not need outsiders to oust you, Belavierr. For armies, I trust to [Generals]. For other threats, I hire or find those to do the job. But for a spider in my house? We need no other.”
No man. No outsiders. The [Ladies] pushed. And Belavierr laughed. She was gathering her strength. Ieka felt sweat sliding down her back, now, and beading on her forehead. Composure. She could not lose it. She could not be the weakest one! She refused!
“It will be your death. I make no bargains tonight. I have only one will in my heart. And that is—evil.”
What a ridiculous word, coming from her. The very incarnation of it. But she said it like it was a mystery. A children’s word. Magnolia spoke, enunciating each word.
“We are the [Ladies] of Izril. And we need no other save for ourselves to deal with threats like you. The day we do, this land is lost to our people. And if it is evil you seek—end us now, Belavierr. And doom the north.”
It was an invitation. A challenge. The six [Ladies] and those behind them stood, locked in a silent battle of wills. And the Stitch Witch waited. She counted their numbers. And then—
She smiled.
 
—-
 
Under the obscured moon and stars, they fought. And the darkness moved. First, only the air rippled. Then, high above, the clouds began to swirl. Echoing the forces clashing below.
On one side, the [Ladies]. They held their ground at first, and then began to move. Not in retreat, but graceful steps. As if they danced among the empty field. Their dresses rustled, and they shone.
Like fireflies in the night. Flaring, fading. Flowers in bloom before they wilted.
And on the other side was the Stitch Witch. She smiled, a Spider who had woven her immortality out of threads made of life and time. She too moved slowly. Bound by the rules of the engagement.
