7.18 M
Page 15
She produced a set of signed pieces of colorful cardboard. Some were white, with gilding around the edges, others were more stylized. Black, with a white signature. Or gold. Hawk blinked at them.
“What are these?”
“Signatures of the Players of Celum. Go on, take them. They’re worth a bit, actually. They’re performing right now, but Wesle and the others would love to see you. They’d clear their schedules for it, absolutely!”
Hawk…hadn’t really ever talked to the Players of Celum. He had only visited The Wandering Inn a few times. And it was somewhat odd—Emme was inviting him as if it were her doing a Courier a favor.
“I’ll uh, think about it. I’m heading back south Liscor’s way anyways. This is just a short trip.”
So I can see Selys again. The Rabbitman was happy just thinking about it. Back together with Selys! She was always nice. And now she was a [Heiress], they were really connecting. They could go out to some places in Pallass, and Erin had that amazing carrot-stuff…life was good. Hawk wasn’t poor by any means, and he’d rather just do easy deliveries and get back to Selys—it was too soon to think about rings, by far, but he liked Selys—
“Really? Well—did you see the Horns of Hammerad on the road? Because they have the magical door to Invrisil.”
“What?”
Hawk choked on his drink, breaking out of his thoughts. He listened as Emme explained.
“I saw them on the road thirty miles back. Throwing up. They’re close—although the two [Mages] looked pretty dead. Stuff might have been coming out both ends, if you know what I mean.”
“Ew. What from?”
“Bad eggs. I think. If they’re bringing the door here…damn, that might cut into my route and take.”
Hawk was frowning. This might actually be a problem. More so than Pallass to Liscor. Because Hawk was fine with losing money to avoid the Bloodfields. He’d have to have a word with Erin about it…Emme was trying to explain.
“No, it’s fine, Hawk. The door won’t be able to take more than one or two people, like Pallass.”
“Yes it will. Erin’s added a Sage’s Grass field and the door can ferry as many as twenty people pretty quickly. It recharges fast.”
“What?”
The Rabbit Beastkin explained as much as he could. He grimaced.
“I…could get the Horns. Or pick up the door, I guess. But…maybe not. I’m going to have to talk to Erin. This could hurt Runners across Izril.”
The half-Dwarf woman sighed.
“That’s fair. But the Horns are close by the sounds of it. Meanwhile, we could pay you for an uh, direct-delivery to The Players of Celum in Liscor. We have a few of Andel’s new plays and the Mage’s Guild charges far too much to copy them properly.”
Hawk paused.
“Direct delivery?”
“Sure. How much is it?”
Hawk hesitated.
“…There’s a difference between delivery on-the-way and a custom order. I could give you on-the-way fares since I’m headed back to Liscor, but it would be at least six gold and eight silver? More if it’s a lot or cumbersome.”
The price was well outside the range of most people’s budgets, but Emme didn’t blink twice.
“We can do that. When are you headed back?”
Hawk perked up. This sounded good! Regular clients, or ones you had a personal relationship with were the bread and butter of every Courier’s income. Then again—the door. Damn. He’d just have to ask Erin…well, maybe this was a matter for the Runner’s Guild.
The Rabbit Beastkin was of two opinions about the magical door. But he accepted the signatures. And the free drink. And he was looking forwards to a paid return trip—even if it was only one delivery—as he jogged back to the Runner’s Guild.
“Players of Celum are delivered to.”
