7.18 M
Page 29
At the heart of it all was a love story. One of those classic ones. Lady Dealia’s eyes shone as she inspected the amulet. One of her brothers uttered a quiet oath.
“Sands take us. A Terland amulet.”
“Do you need to have it tested?”
The other brother, the eldest, looked at his younger sister. Dealia shook her head silently.
“I—I know it’s real. It’s Bein’s.”
Hawk saw her bow her head. And he realized the young [Lady] was truly heartbroken. Tritel stepped back. He elbowed Ci and the mare stopped lapping water from the cup. Everyone turned to Dealia.
“So it’s true. Lord Bein was unfaithful.”
The older of the Zolde brothers leaned on the table. Dealia nodded silently. Her younger brother, who might have been seventeen, stood up abruptly. He took the locket from Dealia and hurled it onto the ground. He stomped on it—but the amulet was an artifact. With a curse, the [Lord] kicked it across the street, into the crowd.
“Hey. We delivered that.”
Hawk protested weakly. Salamani elbowed him and whispered.
“We’re done. Watch the show.”
“Lord Qiam! Lady Dealia! Do you have anything to say about this delivery? We’ve been following the entire affair—I’m with Wistram! Excuse me, let me through!”
A voice in the crowd. A [Mage] from the local guild was holding a scrying mirror over her head. Noass was shouting through the mirror, at the nobles.
They stared as the Drake addressed them. And then they became part of the entertainment. They weren’t used to it. Television, being broadcast. So—their reactions were genuine. The younger brother, Qiam, addressed the mirror stiffly.
“The engagement’s off! And this filthy Terland rat—who thinks he can play games with my sister’s heart? He owes us a blood debt and our family won’t rest until it’s met!”
The crowd erupted into shouts, mainly in support of the heartbroken Dealia.
“You heard it here first, folks! The Zolde and Terland Houses are at war! Lord Bein’s unfaithfulness has provoked a conflict between Izril’s nobility!”
“Wait, we didn’t say war—”
Alarmed, the older [Lord] of House Zolde tried to speak. Dealia herself said nothing. The [Lady] was in tears. Noass kept shouting, mainly recounting the lurid details of the affair within earshot of Dealia herself.
Hawk glanced at Salamani. The [Mage] poked Tritel. The [Rider] elbowed Ci. The mare snorted and nodded. They backed away as Noass and the crowd and the Zolde family became the center of another drama. Because that was news, right?
The Couriers had done their job. Suddenly, they were out of the public eye. Forgotten. But that was how it worked. Hawk examined his feet. He elbowed Salamani.
“I’m never doing that again.”
“Come on, Hawk. It’s good exposure.”
“I don’t work for attention. I want gold.”
“Well, we’ve got that. Drinks are on me, lads. Let’s find a good inn and sleep with our ears to the doors. We’ll have to find a place where Ci can eat with us too.”
Hawk rolled his eyes. But he walked off with the other Runners. And from their run, Lord Bein was outed as a treacherous philanderer, the Zolde family and the Terland House were at war.
And the Runner’s Guild pushed back on the Guild of Assassins. They may be threatened. But they did their deliveries, come rain or shine or poisoned blades in the night. You could stop a City Runner. But one of Izril’s best? You were taking a risk.
