7.18 M
Page 1
The man looked upon the smiling [Witch]. He whispered, trying to give her fear.
“They’ll send [Knights]. Champions. [Mages] too. They will find you and make you suffer.”
“Good.”
The word made him flinch. Belavierr was smiling. She laughed, then. Mocking his bravado. And she leaned down. He stared into her eyes and saw the forming rings. Many had been broken. But—the lines of her immortality were knitting slowly. He had put a sword through her chest and it had done nothing.
“I cannot be killed with magicless shears. And the great wonders are gone. The last of Giants rot and their descendants grow smaller. The Dragons have fallen from the skies. Send your [Knights]. They have come by the tens of thousands. And they were never enough. The world has forgotten how to kill me.”
She laughed in his face. The man looked up. And if willpower were enough to bridge the gap between them—if you could make a sword out of determination—
His would not be enough. Even so. His eyes grew distant. He never replied. Belavierr straightened. And she looked at him.
“Is that all? Hello?”
She prodded him with a finger. But there was nothing left. He had cut his own strings. And for a second—the Stitch Witch was disappointed. She looked around, lost.
“Even the souls wane. Where are legends now, but in memory?”
She threw open her arms and spoke to the sky, as if it could answer her.
“Send your champions. Show me a burning flame in this waning world! Please. Or else my daughter will be as small as you. And she must live. She must find her power. But you grow so small.”
She looked at the village. At the dead man’s face. And then Belavierr turned away. Another village. Another marker. And—she glanced back.
There, amid the hanging threads made of red. The strewn entrails, the slaughter, was a web crisscrossing the rooftops. And she had signed her name.
BELAVIERR.
Just in case. The Stitch Witch nodded. And she turned. A black horse waited for her at the outskirts of the village. Belavierr slowly mounted it and rode.
To destroy. To commit evil, as best she could. The lands around Invrisil were quiet, filled with terror as small places went silent. But the Stitch Witch continued. There was no one to stop her. The people of this land had grown too small. And the Spider of Terandria was unmatched.
A scuttling, wretched presence in Izril. A creeping shadow, walking in the light unopposed. Foulness, seeping from decay.
[Assassins], reclaiming their throne of fear. Plots in the darkness. But it was not unnoticed. They waned. But still—Izril’s guardians lived.
 
—-
 
The study’s doors were vast. Tall, and ashen pale—the wood was not a normal tree’s living fibers. The door looked made of stone.
But the wood had a small bit of warmth that the hall’s temperature clung to. It was not stone. Rather, ironwood. A material made from a tree that had all but passed from the earth.
Yet, this door remained. And it had been carved over nineteen thousand years ago. So long that regular wood, even magicked, would have fallen to dust.
They were slightly open now. The girl quaked as she approached. But the [Lady] who was ushering her and the small crowd of children forwards was…
Well, not that reassuring. She looked more annoyed than anything, but she was trying to hide it by a veneer of vague excitement and kindness. But the children—the perceptive ones—could see straight through it.
“This way, everyone. Remember your manners.”
