7.18 M
Page 21
The Couriers exploded out of the gates to wild cheers from the crowd behind them. They ran. Hawk’s arms and legs were pumping and Salamani was right next to him. The [Mage] was whispering spells as he ran. One of Wistram’s graduates had taken to running. And Tritel and Ci?
They stormed ahead. Ci’s silver mane and tail flashed in the sun as she accelerated. Tritel was laughing and riding low along her back. Hawk saw them gaining away and increased his pace.
“Move it, you slow rats!”
The four shot down the road like an arrow, and they weren’t even at full speed yet. Heads turned on the road as they shot north and east. People began to move out of the way, but the Couriers surged right, off the road.
“We’re not stopping until we get to Lady Dealia! She’s north and east of here! We’ll go by Reizmelt’s way!”
Tritel was the only one with breath to bellow. The wind snatched away his voice as he pointed. Hawk just ran. Faster and faster, gulping oxygen, feeling his muscles explode with energy. And he saw Salamani grinning as the [Mage] ran. Hawk couldn’t resist a smile. After all, they were Runners. And Hawk liked his job.
 
—-
 
Three Couriers were taking on the contract. Word spread from Invrisil like wildfire. But it was barely faster than they were, even with [Message] spell and the speed of drama. In fact—Lord Bein and his escort were riding towards Invrisil when they got the news.
From the north, heading south. After trying to reassure Lady Dealia that this was all a complete misunderstanding, the young [Lord] had been making haste to recover the item in question. But he was too slow.
“Three Couriers?”
The young man gave one of his family’s retainers an incredulous look. He was riding with a large escort, as befitted a member of the Terland family. The [Captain of Horse] winced as the young Lord Bein raised his voice.
“Yes, Lord Terland. Three of them have taken the contract. They’re headed north. Hawk of Liscor, Salamani the Mage, and Tritel the Moonlight Rider.”
On the very same trade route as Lord Bein. The young [Lord]’s mouth opened and closed.
“But there’s a bounty on their heads. The Assassin’s Guild got Lacel the Leaper! Didn’t they receive the—the message?”
“Yes, Lord Bein. But—they’re Couriers. I believe the Runner’s Guild is sending a message.”
“They can’t do that!”
The [Captain] bit his tongue on the fact that they could and were. And at that moment—one of his [Riders] pelted down the road.
“Lord Bein! The Couriers are headed this way!”
“What? No—that’s excellent! [Captain], marshal your men! We’ll force them to stop. With me!”
Lord Bein reached for a sword and the [Captain] panicked. Because he knew Couriers.
“Lord Bein, I would not advise that!”
But the [Lordling] was already shouting at the escort. They were sizable in number; to fight off attacks and possible kidnapping attempts, nearly a hundred of Terland’s private guards were accompanying Lord Bein. They were also of a decent level and armed with good steel. They looked up as Lord Bein shouted.
“Spread out! Block the road! No one goes around!”
The escort spread out slowly. The other travellers on the road, already forced wide of the Terland group, were forced to stop as the [Soldiers] deployed with efficiency. Travellers backed up. But the [Captain] was arguing with Lord Bein, urgently.
“Lord Bein. My job is to keep you safe and to obey your orders!”
“So?”
“I cannot keep you safe if we attempt to stop the Couriers! Not three of them!”
“Keep me safe?”
The young man looked astonished. Then he saw the [Captain] nervously glancing down the road. And there they were.
