7.18 M
Page 10
It was empty for the moment. The artisans employed and [Mages] were not needed. Their work was finished. A [Lord] stood in the room. But he had on a workman’s vest. And he was holding a curious stick. A rod, rather, with a curious little button on the side. When he saw Maviola and Zedalien, he bowed.
“Lady Maviola.”
“Deilan. The products are finished. How goes the negotiations?”
The old woman sat up in her wheelchair, looking at the [Lord]. Lord Deilan was a member of the House of El, but he kept to their old ways. He was a [Lord], but an [Artisan] as well, one who worked with magic and material. It was the reason he was going to be the next leader of the House of El. He was thirty six years old.
And he was a bit pretentious. A bit…enamored with the House of El’s legacy. But he did know the work. And as he straightened, Maviola saw his expression darken. No platitudes about the craftsmanship of their goods from him now.
“…Poorly, Maviola. There is no interest.”
The old woman took the news with steady acceptance. Just a grimace.
“Wistram fell through? And the Iron Vanguard? And…?”
“It seems the [Mages] have something to occupy their interests, Lady Maviola. I was in negotiations with Archmage Nailihuaile just last week, but suddenly—she’s no longer interested. And the other buyers…the same.”
“But why? Two hundred blades we made. And no one will buy a one?”
Pained, the elderly woman gestured at the object that Deilan was holding. He handed it to her and she held it carefully. She pressed on the side.
There was a click. The blade was attached to a bit of spring-loaded metal. It shot out from the concealed hiding spot. A rod of metal, rather than a blade, even. But as it extended, there was a flash of light.
A glittering, red-green blade made of magic, transparent at the edges, appeared. Lady Maviola regarded it.
A glowing, magical edge, shaped like a sword’s blade. But light! Light enough even for her!
“Kaalblades. Artifacts, crafted artifacts from another era. We put all our resources into it. All we could spare. It’s a weapon fit for—and they said no?”
Deilan shook his head. He regarded another of the finished Kaalblades. He activated it and carefully cut the air.
“This could cut through most mundane metals, and even weaker enchantments! Not as smooth as butter, but the sharpness of the blade! If only it didn’t run out of power…”
“Ah.”
Lady Maviola looked at Deilan.
“You told me, Deilan. So the individual adventurers? [Merchants] wouldn’t buy because…”
“Adventurers don’t want to pay for mana stones, Lady Maviola. If they were cheaper on the market, perhaps—but as it stood, no [Merchant] would pay our prices. And I went as low as you would allow…”
Maviola disengaged the magical blade. She bowed her head as Zedalien gently took the weapon. Or tried to. The old lady hung on. When she raised her gaze, her eyes were shimmering.
With tears. It was so unexpected that both the half-Elf and [Lord] averted their gaze. But Maviola just brushed at the tears, as if surprised they were there.
“I’ve failed you, Deilan. I hoped I could leave you with the profits from something. But it’s just another venture…Fulviolo had a gift for knowing what would sell. I do not. I’ve made your job harder, when I should have left alone. My arrogance.”
“Lady M—Great Aunt. Nothing could be further from the truth.”
Lord Deilan sank to one knee in the workshop. The old woman smiled at him.
