7.18 M
Page 42
For a second, she lingered there. Refusing to leave, clutching at the ground. Her eyes blazed and her face twisted. But then—she couldn’t hold on.
Slowly, unwillingly, the [Witch] straightened. And she turned. Without a word, she began to walk. Away. Not just out of Invrisil’s lands, but further still. Helpless. Her hatred raged against them. But it was done.
Lady Ieka collapsed onto the ground for a second, breathless, covered in sweat. She felt the dirt that had crept under her dress, her tired legs—all of it suddenly. The other [Ladies] rocked back, feeling the backlash as well.
“Did we—did we do it?”
Bethal was panting. Lady Zanthia nodded, tiredly.
“It is done. She will not haunt Izril’s north for months. Perhaps longer. We threw the Goblin King and his armies back from First Landing, but she is just one monster.”
“One? But as terrible as he was.”
Wuvren murmured. The others nodded silently. Even so, it was done. Wherever a [Lady] or [Lord] of Izril claimed land, Belavierr was unwelcome. There were more powerful deterrents. But few as complete.
She had been vanquished. But not slain. The irony of that was clear to Ieka as she glanced around. The [Ladies] of Izril had thrown her back—with less effort once they had gathered in their true numbers. But only that. So many women, who had come so far at Magnolia Reinhart’s request.
But then—this mattered. Threats like Belavierr were what the [Ladies] of Izril gathered for. And…the most notable guest slowly approached Magnolia.
Lady Maviola El did not look too tired from the act of banishing Belavierr. But perhaps that was because she had little left to give. Her breathing was slow as she raised her head. Magnolia came towards her.
“Lady Maviola, you do me a great honor. But for you bringing so many, we might not have triumphed as easily.”
The old woman nodded. Just that. She did not look at Magnolia with fondness—but not with open distaste, either. Just…tiredness.
“We do not stand in agreement often, Magnolia Reinhart. For this the House of El walks with you.”
Magnolia took it as simply that. She curtsied slightly. And the old woman inclined her head. She was grand, Maviola El. Ieka had heard stories of her youth, which had promised to outstrip even Bethal and Pryde’s exploits. But she also recalled Belavierr’s words and looked at Maviola with sadness.
Fading.
“You did not need to come yourself. Although I appreciate the gesture.”
Magnolia looked at the old woman with concern. And she heard a laugh in reply.
“I wanted to see the Spider in person myself. A second time.”
Ieka started. She looked at Zanthia and Wuvren. The two older [Ladies] nodded, their eyes glinting. And their words ceased to become hyperbole.
She will come to every one of you. In time. Ieka shuddered, remembering the temptation of Belavierr’s offer. How many had taken her bargains?
But Maviola—it was she upon whom all the [Ladies] looked. Because they sensed it. So too had Maviola, at the beginning of it. The end of it. She spoke, raising her hand weakly to her chest as she looked at Magnolia, around at the others.
“I will not live to repel another such monster. I have made arrangements. The House of El will endure. But I…will not.”
The [Lady] behind Maviola, Desinee El, stared at her grandmother. And her eyes filled with tears. Magnolia’s face was grave. Maviola looked at her, urgently.
“Do you have what I asked for?”
“Of course. I would not betray our bargain.”
“Hah! An honest Reinhart. Will the world survive such a thing?”
