7.18 M
Page 27
The Courier exploded out of the other side in less than a second. The destroyed coach and [Assassins] with broken bones crashed to the ground around him. He hit the ground. And ran around a horse, an extended blade—
The world was in slow motion compared to the Beastkin Runner. He hit the ground and sprinted past the carriage. For a second, five, ten, he was racing faster than anything around him. He caught up to Ci and Tritel as Salamani used [Flash Step] to close the gap.
“Bleeding hells, Hawk! You don’t mess around! Did you get tagged? Ci’s hurt!”
“One of them scorched my ass! I’m going to kill you, Tritel!”
Hawk shouted at Tritel. Salamani was swearing.
“I think I’m poisoned! Hand me an antidote!”
“Slap some potion on Ci!”
The three Couriers tossed potions and vials at each other on the run. They were nearly clear.
The [Assassins] made one last attempt. The fastest coach rocketed forwards. It was on a collision course! The Couriers stared at the wagon. Hawk raised a fist. Salamani pointed his wand and Tritel turned Ci after Hawk.
“[Steelbreaker Punch]!”
“[Lightning Bolt]!”
“[Bull’s Charge]!”
The wagon exploded. The three Couriers raced forwards as debris landed around them. Tritel was shouting at the others as he took lead again.
“[Wild Gallop]! We’re nearly in the clear! Let’s go!”
They left the [Assassins] behind. Salamani panted.
“They didn’t send a master? We got lucky! We must have avoided the one I saw at Reizmelt.”
“Let’s go off-road! We can’t run another encounter! I’m already a hundred gold down plus the potions!”
Tritel pointed. They were headed towards the hills. That way led to monsters, rougher terrain. The Couriers didn’t even think.
“Off-road! Salamani, lose whatever scrying spells are on us.”
“I’m trying! I think it’s Wistram! Let me send a [Message] spell. Hey, cut it out! You’re giving away our positions you—”
 
—-
 
“—inbred, half–baked [Seers] with all the sense of a slug! I’m a [Mage] of Wistram and your hedge-mage brains are getting me and my fellow Couriers ambushed! If you don’t cancel that spell now, I’ll run back to the Academy, find the idiot who thought it was a good idea to put a damned scrying spell on us when we have [Assassins] up our asses and rip their lungs out! Cancel that spell now you worthless, worm-addled—”
The stream of invectives didn’t slow for a good minute. The [Seer] receiving the spell kept wincing and looked at the [Diviner] in charge of the broadcast.
“Should we…?”
“Um—cancel the scrying spell. And cut off Mage Salamani. He’s made his point.”
The man in charge coughed a few times. Salamani’s oaths cut off. So was the image of the three Couriers, much to the disappointment of the viewers who instantly began sending Noass angry [Message] spells.
But the point had been made. The Couriers had broken through one ambush. The Assassins’ Guild had made a good attempt, but—not their best. Better to make the effort than do their best and still fail. The delivery was going to succeed. Unless…one of the master-assassins was willing to intercept?
…No. They had a problem with being on the scrying orb. Besides, some of them got deliveries from Couriers. You didn’t kill your favorite Runner.
 
—-
 
Three Couriers. They kept running, and without any eyes on them, they could slow down. It was still a long way north. But they only took one break, once they’d reached the hills. They drank more stamina potions, bandaged wounds, excreted—and they were on the run.
