7.18 M
Page 37
Belavierr looked at Magnolia. A tall spectre. The [Lady] stood there, in her pink dress, and smiled coldly. Her eyes flashed as the other five [Ladies] held their ground next to her. Giving her their authority.
“You are not welcome in Izril, Belavierr the Stitch Witch. You will not haunt my lands any longer. I demand you gone, as Lady Magnolia Reinhart. These are my lands, Witch. Not yours.”
The words cracked the air. Ieka felt a push and joined in. Belavierr rocked backwards. Her heels dug into the ground, as if resisting something. All the [Ladies] pushed, but the Stitch Witch held her ground.
On Magnolia’s territory no less. Ieka felt sweat beading down her back. That was…the Stitch Witch eyed Magnolia. And she seemed to wake up even more.
“Banishment. You cannot exile me, girl. You are too small.”
“I eat too much sugar, according to my maid. And I have every intention of tossing you out like the trash you are. Do you wish to make this difficult? Because I could spank you like a girl if it helps change your mind.”
Magnolia’s smile was flinty. She taunted the [Witch]. And Belavierr’s eyes narrowed. She did not like the insults, silly as they were. Ieka felt the presence deepen around her. She looked down and wished she hadn’t. Her shadows were crawling. As if something was moving in them.
The moonlight vanished from the sky. Belavierr seemed to grow taller. Her voice…changed.
“I have met [Ladies] before. Those who grasped immortality. Those who stood against monarchs. You are neither. You overestimate your power.”
She flicked her hand. And a needle flashed across the distance. It shot at Magnolia’s face. And snapped in midair.
Magnolia lowered her hand. She’d crooked a finger. Belavierr stared at the broken needle. Then she shrugged. She reached out towards Magnolia’s face. Her hand made it halfway.
Then it twisted. Gravity snapped it down. Invisible thorns pierced it. Something cracked it backwards. The [Witch]’s hand moved back. For a second Ieka thought she saw broken skin, twisted bone and—
It was the same hand, unharmed. Belavierr regarded it. She looked past Magnolia.
Bethal, Pryde, and Ieka stared at her. The [Lady of Thorns] was vibrating. She opened her mouth, eyes flashing, but Pryde beat her to it. Lady Pryde Ulta sniffed, and shook her head.
“How ancient, Temptress. And yet, you’re quite weak for someone so old. I am disappointed. All this time and effort for what?”
She tossed her head. Belavierr looked at her. Pryde met her gaze with a small smile on her lips.
“Ah. Pride. And passion. Beauty? Magic. And you?”
Belavierr looked from face to face. Pryde, Bethal, Wuvren, Ieka, and then Zanthia. The old woman narrowed her eyes and folded her arms.
“I am not a word, Spider. Begone.”
“Nor I. Begone.”
Ieka murmured. She held a wand in her hand, though this was not a duel like in Wistram. Magic hummed in her very veins. Wuvren nodded.
“We refuse you, Belavierr.”
“Walk away now, [Witch]. We threw back the Goblin King and his armies at First Landing. We will do so again.”
Bethal’s voice hummed in the air. Belavierr looked at her.
“You are unguarded, child. You should have brought armies. Champions.”
The shadows moved behind her. Needles of every shape and size flew out of her robes. The [Ladies] flicked their hands. The needles bounced off Ieka’s barrier, snapped in the air. Pryde’s Skill, [Pride is Weight], broke the others.
But more than that—the magical needles were ineffective. Weaker. Belavierr paused.
“Ah. This is formality.”
She glanced around, as if staring at something. Magnolia smiled.
