7.18 M
Page 36
Zanthia gave Belavierr a singular nod. From one enemy to another. And Magnolia smiled.
“Ah, there is our guest of the hour. A spider crawling through my domain. Through Izril. Welcome, Belavierr. Or do you prefer another name? Also—and I hate to be a bother. But would you kindly end yourself? That would save us all some trouble.”
The [Lady] extended a hand. Those gathered here, all female, stirred. And a word ran through them unspoken.
Witch. Old power, older even than theirs. Belavierr tilted her head. She regarded Magnolia Reinhart.
“You called me here. Summoned me to this place. Someone here remembers the old ways. But has forgotten caution.”
She stepped forwards. First a shadow, distant. Then—Ieka felt her heart jolt.
The Stitch Witch stared down at her. She was tall. Her hat impossibly wide. Her eyes orange, glowing, ringed. Her clothes were not black. Black was passé, clichéd. Her clothes were dark blue. So dark you might have assumed they were black. But dark as the abyss in the sea.
“Why have you brought me here, children of Izril?”
The Stitch Witch’s voice made the [Ladies] stir. There was not one ounce of acknowledgement of their station. Or even comprehension of their nobility. It was flat. Not disinterested. But…perhaps superior was the word.
Bethal’s eyes narrowed. But Magnolia spoke, cheerfully. She was in charge of the…negotiations.
“I couldn’t help but notice the slaughtered villages in my lands. The flesh giant you sent towards my city was most unwelcome, Miss Belavierr. And you have not stopped. You do not seem to realize there is law. Surely you did not think you could do as you pleased without repercussions?”
The [Witch] glanced at Magnolia. Then she stared at Zanthia’s face. Wuvren’s.
“I know you two. Do I not? Of old.”
“Not as allies. Hello. Belavierr, was it? I never got your name the first time. I’m quite displeased to meet you again.”
Wuvren smiled, but with effort. Zanthia just met Belavierr’s eyes.
“I warned you the last time we met. Izril has no place for your kind.”
“But I have been here longer than you. I do know you.”
Belavierr’s voice was low. And something—changed in her. An awareness. Immortal distance vanishing. Something else stared at Zanthia. And the old [Lady] closed her eyes. As something peeked out of Belavierr’s face. The Stitch Witch looked at the two and Wuvren shuddered. She nearly took a step back, but Pryde and Bethal steadied her.
“You both refused. But here you stand. And I have no offers to make. Just darkness. Evil.”
Her body twisted. Hunched. Her hands reached out, towards Wuvren. The [Lady] recoiled and Ieka felt herself being sucked into those rings. That smile—she fought, but the [Witch] was laughing in her head—
Magnolia snapped her fingers under Belavierr’s nose. The Stitch Witch recoiled slightly. Ieka felt her presence lessen. And she felt it in the air.
Something like a slap, only done without sight or sound. But a slap nevertheless. One comprised purely of presence. Aura. The Stitch Witch backed up as Magnolia smiled at her.
“I was told you were quite rude. I didn’t imagine how much.”
“Hm.”
Belavierr’s head twisted from side to side. Ieka saw Wuvren draw closer and the other [Ladies] watched, appraising. It hadn’t even moved the Stitch Witch. In Ieka’s head, she wondered if someone else would have actually been sent flying. She shuddered. Suddenly, all her reservations about aiding Magnolia were gone.
“What do you want? Woman.”
