7.18 M
Page 11
“You lie well, Deilan. But let’s not lie; this was an old [Lady]’s last folly. Keep them, Deilan. Hold onto them until you can find a buyer. Don’t sell them cheaply, mind. We can afford to tighten our belts another generation if need be. Or rather, you can.”
The [Lord]’s gentle grip on Maviola’s hands tightened for a moment. He blinked at her, around the grime on his face.
“You mean…?”
“It is not official. I may announce it later this week. But it is time. You will be the next patriarch of the House of El. Zedalien is my witness. Has been for months now, despite the squabbling. I am done, Deilan. It is time.”
The old woman reached out. The [Lord]’s grip was tight—before he remembered and released. Slight bruises were already appearing on Maviola’s hands, and he turned red with shame. But Zedalien was already opening a healing potion. And Maviola took no notice. She reached out.
“Do well, Deilan. Listen to Zedalien. And try to avoid Goblin Kings. You’re a bit arrogant. But that’s good. Just lead us well.”
His eyes were shining with tears.
“Great Aunt, I will. I swear it.”
A smile. And for a moment, she was young again.
“Good. Time enough for ceremony later. I don’t know how I’ll do it. Part of me wants to just—vanish. Keep the idiots guessing and let you fight to take charge. But I won’t, I think. Stop crying, young man. I’ve been planning my end for over a decade. Stubbornness kept me around.”
“And now I’m to be…”
The [Lord] stared, suddenly aware of his burdens, for all he had coveted the power. And like that, the drama involving the House of El’s succession came to a close. Maviola El smiled.
“Why do you think I’ve had you negotiating and taking my job for the last two years, Deilan? Ah, well, we will discuss the rest before I go. Not much to say, really; Zedalien knows my job. And he will be with you for a year or two.”
“Not—”
Deilan looked at Zedalien. The half-Elf bowed slightly.
“I plan to retire myself with Lady Maviola’s…retirement, Lord Deilan. I have not the heart for another generation. But I will accompany you until my replacement is ready and you are secure in your post.”
“Of course. Of course. You have my thanks. And—”
Deilan looked at the old woman. And it struck him. There went Maviola El. And Zedalien. Two of the House of El’s oldest members. And here he saw. He trembled. But his spine straightened. And Maviola saw and approved.
Not just yet would the Five Families slip away. Not yet.
“Lady El. A [Message] from Lady Magnolia Reinhart.”
Later, as Lord Deilan was sitting in the study with Maviola, asking what questions needed asking, and avoiding discussion of what came next for her…the old woman looked up. Zedalien had a [Message] spell in his hands.
“Hm? It must be urgent. She’s not normally so direct otherwise. Let me see. Ah—”
Maviola’s brow wrinkled. Deilan looked at her.
“Great Aunt? Is something…?”
A troubled look crossed the matriarch’s brow, and then vanished. In fact, Maviola’s gaze almost looked—relieved. Or happy? She nodded at Deilan.
“Nothing that need concern you, Deilan. A [Lady]’s business. Just like you [Lords] and your clubs. Magnolia has an issue. And of course, she’s decided to take the lead on…”
She paused, drumming her fingers on the armrest.
“Reinhart. And what did the other [Ladies] say? No—Ulva Terland wouldn’t accede no matter what. Veltras’ get are terrified of Tyrion, although some might…Wellfar?”
She looked at Zedalien. The half-Elf bowed.
“Refusals, Lady El. At least to move in concert. So Lady Magnolia has come to you.”
