7.18 M
Page 39
The night began to change. Shadows grew and rose. Along the edges of the field, figures began to stir. Trying to break the dance. They were unwelcome, and they suffered the breaking of the rules. But still they moved.
“What level is she? She is ancient of years.”
Wuvren’s voice trembled with the strain as the [Ladies] circled the [Witch]. She was reaching for them, slowly, and they were stepping out of the way. Dancing. And invisible, in the sky, the forces collided.
“Old. She is breaking the rules of hospitality and still she remains. Hold her. Our escorts will keep the circle.”
Magnolia’s voice was calm. She watched, as along the edge of the fields, a pink carriage began to move. [Maids] walked at the shadows which revealed figures, sewn into shapes that ridiculed reality.
“They cannot do so alone. Leave the interlopers to him.”
A whisper. It came from Zanthia. And out of the darkness stepped a man with a blade. Ieka hissed. But it was not Bethal’s husband. If it had been, they would have been damned.
Yet it was a he. A glowing figure, stepping out of forever. As Lady Zanthia danced, gracefully amid the moonlight, he appeared.
[The Eternal Partner]. He bowed and she nodded to him. Smoothly, the Stitch-Man stepped into the shadows. And they parted at the touch of his sword.
“You cannot kill me with memory alone.”
A whisper. The [Ladies] turned their heads. The Stitch Witch stood at the center of the dance. And she refused to move. She laughed at Zanthia, mockingly. Her voice was a scratching in the head, a worming whisper, trying to undermine their wills.
“You fade. You will die and be forgotten.”
“That may be so. But I crave nothing you offer.”
Zanthia replied. Her will was beyond steel. She looked at Belavierr, unafraid of anything the Stitch Witch held. She flicked her hand and Belavierr staggered. The [Witch] narrowed her eyes, seeking another target.
“Beauty is fleeting. You disguise your age. Time will unravel you.”
An older woman flinched. For a moment, Ieka saw a lined face, white hair. Flaw. And then Wuvren smiled, gracefully.
“I am very vain, it is true. But do not mistake my vanity for weakness. I have refused you once. And you are quite rude. Begone, please?”
She pointed. Belavierr’s foot moved. She looked past Wuvren, frustrated. Her eyes alighted on Bethal.
“Passion burns out. Your love will abandon you.”
Bethal’s head jerked. She faltered in her steps.
“Not so long as my heart remains true. And it is I who choose to love. Go away, Witch. I have faced true monsters.”
“The Goblin King is only one threat. The others will snuff your second heart out. You cannot protect him or yourself.”
Bethal’s footsteps changed. She began walking towards Belavierr. Fury burned in her.
“Bethal.”
Ieka tried to warn Bethal. She raised her wand, straining. Pointing it at Belavierr—
No. No magic. She instead conjured a wall of glass. It rose to Bethal’s midriff, blocking her. The [Lady] looked at Ieka. But then she moved back.
“Your magic is so weak, little [Mage]. I could give you true power. It is all locked away. You know how weak you are.”
Belavierr was in her head. Ieka closed her eyes, trying to resist it. The worst part was that she knew it was true. She tried—but the whispers were in her.
“You will never know the magic of old. But I have lived it.”
“I refuse your—I will not—”
She was drawing closer to Belavierr. Ieka saw the other [Ladies] looking at her. No! She tried to resist, tell herself it was a flawed offer. But the allure.
