7.18 M
Page 17
Hawk wasn’t one of the more dramatic of personalities that made up a Courier. But Tritel…was. He had a very flatfooted walk, surprising among a runner, and he wasn’t dressed in the loose clothing they liked. He had on boots, heavier clothing, and even wore a hat. He was also very short for a Runner, but it fit the way he travelled.
He was also a Courier. And he grabbed hold of Hawk’s arm with surprising strength.
“You’re coming with me. I need a word.”
“Trit—”
“No buts! I’ll buy you a drink! Actually, I was just going to meet Salamani too. You heard about Lacel, right?”
“Yeah. Salamani’s here?”
Hawk was distracted. It was rare to find multiple Couriers, even in the city like Invrisil. They were always on the move. Tritel nodded.
“He’s here. On the same business as me. Come on, we’re at this bar I like. So’s Ci.”
“Ci? They let her in there?”
“It’s my favorite bar. Come on.”
“Excuse me. I was talking with Hawk. Who are you?”
Persua blocked Tritel as he steered Hawk towards the door. The shorter man stared at Persua.
“Sorry, Miss. Who’re you? City Runner? Must be if I don’t know your name. This is Courier’s business. One side.”
With that, he put a hand on her midriff since her shoulder was too high and shoved her out of the way. The outraged squawk didn’t even make Tritel break stride as they left the Guild.
“Was that someone you were interested in, Hawk? You could do better either way.”
“No. Not my type. Also, I have someone I’m seeing. I want to get her a gift, Trit. If this is going to take long…”
“Relax, relax. I forgot. Nothing without scales for my fur-friend. I know Invrisil. I’ll help you get her the best gift before we go. There’s these new song-crystals that are all the rage. From Terandria.”
“Before we go?”
Hawk didn’t miss that. He narrowed his eyes, but Tritel had a grip on him.
“Come on, it won’t take long to explain.”
He led the Rabbitman down the street. Hawk sighed, but he followed Tritel—you had to trust fellow Couriers. Well, some of them. And Tritel was good, if pushy. As the two walked on, they heard a group arguing. Young men and women.
“What do you mean, we’re out of money?”
Rose was shouting at Joseph. He flung up his hands.
“I don’t know! She said it would last until Liscor! It’s not my fault you all kept buying snacks! And tipping!”
“You have to tip people! What do we do? Send her a [Message]?”
“Kids these days.”
Tritel shook his head as he led Hawk past. The Rabbitman felt a bit sympathetic; it was a common scene, kids coming to Invrisil and losing all their money. He wasn’t about to give them any, anyways. But even so…
 
—-
 
The bar that Tritel liked so much wasn’t…the best. It wasn’t bad, but it had that ‘live and let live’ attitude towards its clientele. Drinks were cheap, and the owner accommodating.
Very accommodating. Hawk spotted Ci and Salamani by the bar. He would have recognized them at once.
Salamani because the Human was a fellow Courier. Only—his clothing was silk, and had the embellishments most [Mages] loved to put on everything. As he turned to greet the other two Couriers, part of his heritage became obvious.
Salamani was descended from a Lizardman and a Human woman. Fertility spells made the cross-species birth work, but as often happened, there was a bit of mixing of genetics. In this case—Salamani’s only nod to his other half was his eyes.
They were vertical slits, like a lizard’s. But the man was normal in every respect.
“Hawk! Tritel said you’d be coming.”
“Coming? For what?”
“I didn’t say. Hi, Salamani. Thanks for keeping my place, Ci.”
