7.18 M
Page 20
Tritel was too short to reach over the counter. So Ci, the horse, leaned over and clicked her teeth in front of the [Receptionist]’s face. The man backed up.
“I’ll—I’ll get it.”
“Good. Did someone spread the word, Hawk?”
“There’s a crowd gathering. Tritel…”
“Don’t worry. Salamani’s going to cast on us before we leave the doors. I doubt they’ll get us before we leave the city. If they do—improvise. I’ll take it. Unless one of you want it?”
“No.”
“Nope.”
Tritel nodded. He patted Ci’s flank as the mare snorted. She could sense the mood in the room.
“Anyways, Mihaela wants a crowd. There’s the amulet. Let’s roll.”
The [Receptionist] had it in a box. He unlocked it with a secret passphrase and key as the Couriers waited. Hawk was dancing from foot to foot.
“Are we doing this now?”
“You want to take a nap like Lacel? Yep, here it is. Nice looking, right?”
Tritel dangled the locket at the other two. Salamani leaned in.
“…Looks genuine. There’ll be hell to pay once we deliver it.”
“If. You mean, if.”
“Hawk, you’re the most terrified giant rabbit I’ve ever met. Relax. You’re a Courier. Let’s do this.”
Three Couriers walked out of Invrisil’s Runner’s Guild into a crowd. Everyone in earshot had rushed to see them when they’d heard. Tritel waved as he mounted onto Ci’s saddle. Salamani produced a wand and bowed with a flourish. He’d already cast some spells on Hawk and Ci, to Hawk’s relief.
“Hey everyone! We’re delivering Lord Bein’s damn amulet! Or Lady Hetessana’s gift! Fuck, it might be fake! But we’re doing it and no [Assassins] are going to stop us! Because we’re Couriers!”
Tritel bellowed. The crowd cheered. The Guild of Assassins produced worried looks and stares, but most just cheered. And even Hawk stopped his nervous pacing to wave.
Because it was true. He’d realized the same thing the other Couriers had. The Assassins’ Guild had a choice. If they went after Couriers on the run, it was one thing. But if they made it personal, it was war. Hawk, Salamani, and Tritel just had to believe that they were out of the crosshairs once they delivered the amulet.
So it was a contest. One with the Courier’s lives on the line and the finish line was Lady Dealia. Until then? All bets were off.
But that was how they lived.
Three—no, four of Izril’s fastest Runners walked towards the gates. And—if the Players of Celum were famous, their fame was newly-won. A fad that might become permanent. But here were Couriers. And even the Players were in the crowd that followed them out of the city.
Invrisil’s people followed the four. And they began to shout. Because the first, the original celebrities of Izril weren’t just adventurers. In fact—you saw these ones more often.
Hawk. The Rabbit Beastkin was trembling with nerves. But the people were shouting his name.
“Hawk! Hawk the Hare! The Hare of Liscor!”
“I hate that name!”
Hawk shouted back. Salamani laughed. He raised a wand, flicking it out of a wrist-holster. And the [Mage Runner] got his own cheer.
“Salamani the Haste Mage!”
Last was Ci. Also, Tritel was riding her. He adjusted the strings holding his hat to his head. And the short man flicked out a crossbow. A newfangled weapon, not as good as bows. Or as honorable. And Ci reared and he laughed.
Tritel the Moonlight Rider, and Ci, the Silver Mare of Izril.
“Ready?”
Tritel grinned, with that wild adrenaline coursing through his veins. Hawk nodded tightly. Salamani whispered.
“[Haste]. Let’s do this.”
“Alright. One, two, three, go!”
