7.18 M
Page 43
The woman’s laugh was mocking. But her eyes fixed with longing on the vial Magnolia withdrew. It had been sent by Courier. Won in an auction.
Ieka saw viridian light. A small vial. And she gasped, knowing what it was.
“Ah.”
Bethal started. She realized too. Pryde, wincing, but rapidly regaining her massive ego, stood.
“What is that, Bethal?”
“The…Potion of Youth. I bid on that.”
The other [Ladies] looked at her. Exasperated, forgetting the moment, Ieka snapped at the woman.
“What do you need it for, Bethal?”
The [Lady of Thorns] met Ieka’s gaze challengingly, and smiled.
“Ten years, Pryde. It would have been a fine time, with Thomast and I younger than when we first met. I’ve always regretted not knowing him in his youth. Besides, it would last for ages with us.”
The other [Ladies] sighed. Bethal Walchaís.
Maviola for her part ignored the chatter in the background. She took the potion as Magnolia carefully offered it to her. And she smiled. Magnolia carefully spoke.
“You know it cannot reverse anything. It is temporary. If you wanted a potion to reverse your age, I could find something…”
Maviola cut her off with a shake of her head.
“The El family lacks the coin to pursue a mad dream of immortality, Lady Magnolia. Nor am I worth the cost, even if we could pay it. I am not like your old ghost of an ancestor. I know when I must exit the floor, and I intend to do it on my terms.”
She eyed Magnolia, and almost all the [Ladies] knew exactly what she meant. Magnolia nodded after a beat. Her lips quirked slightly.
“I will tell Regis that. It is like him to cling to life. And his wife gracefully left the stage.”
“Even so.”
The two women exchanged a look of understanding, at least in this. Maviola regarded the potion. And for a moment there was genuine regret in her eyes.
“Ah, but the potions that Drake makes do work. And yet it is just youth. If he could make Potions of Reverse Aging…perhaps. But how many years would it reverse? Three years? Four? Even if he could make one that took ten years away, he is just one. This world has lost the ability to make powerful artifacts. And we lost our Mirror of Eternal Vitality. One wonders if Regis Reinhart keeps it. Do you know yourself, Magnolia?”
“If he does, he won’t share it.”
Magnolia remarked drily. Maviola laughed.
“Your curse is a troublesome one! Ah, but we all have our curses. Belavierr is Terandria’s. So many nightmares come from that land. And the ‘perfect’ kingdoms we left. But enough. I say: enough. I am done. I do not wish the Stitch Witch’s cursed life forever. It is time. Desinee. Bear witness.”
The old woman looked at her descendant. And the other [Ladies] drew back. Lady Zanthia found Eliasor and the young girls under her tutelage. She spoke, as she watched Maviola. And Eliasor saw Zanthia’s face. Longing, and afraid.
“Look at her, Eliasor, young [Ladies]. And hope that you have half her grace as you pass. I do. And remember. Those who enter into a covenant with the Temptress are not worthy of walking in her shadow.”
Maviola sat alone in her wheelchair. The old woman’s fingers slipped on the cork of the vial as she tried to open it. At last, Desinee helped her. Maviola grunted, irritably. Then she looked around.
“I have been planning my end a long time. I do not have the will to cling to life. Nor the interest to spend my years waning. I have lived. Made mistakes. I have many regrets. But it ends as it should, with time. I did not know it would be today. I did not know how I would die. I still do not. But I do not intend to waste away. To die quietly.”
