7.18 M
Page 9
The girl threw her arms carefully around the old woman. Maviola patted her on the head.
“There, there. And remember—do not lie to me!”
She pinched a cheek and Zeci nodded obediently. Maviola waved a hand and a shadow moved. Zedalien led the girl towards the door. Only when he had escorted her outside did he return.
And only then did he address Maviola more casually, as the two sat in silence.
“Tormenting children with illusionary fire, Lady Maviola?”
She laughed, tiredly.
“Someone must. It keeps them honest. Well, I’ve hopefully put some wisdom into their heads, which is a fine day’s work. Take me to the workshops, Zedalien. Let’s hope we have good news to go along with resolving little Zeci’s ridiculous situation.”
“Yes, Lady El.”
The wheelchair moved softly across the carpet as the half-Elf pushed Maviola’s chair. She drew the shawl around her body as they left the warm study. Maviola saw Zedalien glancing at her as they left.
“Don’t mind me, Zedalien. I don’t need to be coddled for long. I plan to announce my retirement…within the week. Sooner, if I can do it with one last triumph.”
The half-Elf’s face was eternally youthful. Beautiful, with an immortal’s features. Otherworldly as well. But he was older than Maviola. For all that—she was the more aged of the two, in body and in soul. Yet the half-Elf was the one who ducked his head.
“So soon, Maviola?”
“I can’t do this another year. Or a month. My bones hurt. I could cough and break my ribs again. I’m tired, Zedalien. It’s time.”
The woman’s voice was frank. The half-Elf looked as though he weakened with each step.
“And yet—your predecessor, before Lord Fulviolo if you will pardon my lapse, Lady El—she felt strongly enough to continue into her ninety-eighth year…”
“My body gave out before my spirit, Zedalien. That’s all there is to it.”
“My apologies, Lady El. I—forget myself.”
Zedalien shook his head. With effort, he took a firmer grip of the chair as they moved down the hallway. The old woman continued, almost cheerfully.
“Forget? You remember everything, Zedalien. And you—don’t age. Half-Elves. Half-Elves were the finest idea we had, employing your people as aides. You remember. I am counting on you to teach the next leader. Which will likely be Deilan, for all the girls think I’ll favor them. He’s pretentious. But cautious. He’ll do, until someone with the will takes over.”
The two nodded. They’d discussed this. Even so, Zedalien looked wan. He closed his eyes as they reached another set of fortified ironwood doors. The keep that had been built for the House of El had been fashioned as a grand living space, fortification, and workshop.
Master crafters and artisans that had rivaled the Dwarves. Some of that remained. But so little. The half-Elf, who had been hired in the tradition of the El family—hiring half-Elves for their personal aides and servants—looked at the third head of the House of the El he had served. And he knew it was her time.
And his.
“I believe I will tender my resignation, once Lord Deilan is comfortable in his office, Lady Maviola. It has been an honor. Until that moment…I hope to serve you as faithfully as my father.”
That was all he said. The old lady snorted as he opened the workshop doors. But fondly. Sadly. She reached out and touched his hand as he paused to bend and bow.
“Half-Elves. Hearts like glass. But loyal, so loyal. You should have never stayed to watch me grow old.”
The doors opened as the half-Elf straightened. And he silently wheeled Lady Maviola into the workshop.
