7.18 M
Page 16
The [Receptionist] gave Hawk a betrayed look. But he glumly signed Hawk off and gave the Rabbit Beastkin the money.
“So…you delivered to the Players? Did they give you any signatures? Do you have one of Jasi? Because I’ll pay for them.”
Hawk wondered just how much the pieces of cardboard were worth. But his senses were tingling that he had something valuable, so he just feigned ignorance.
“I dropped off the delivery. That’s my job.”
“Oh, well then. Here’s your money.”
The Rabbitman was just stowing the money when he saw a few Runners gathered about. They usually wanted to talk. Hawk gave them a wave.
“Sorry about losing you. But you know how it is. Runner’s Code.”
They nodded, although in Hawk’s experience, the Runner’s code of conduct was a malleable thing. Still, each person had their standards.
“Excuse me. You’re Hawk, right? I’m a huge fan. Persua. I think we’ve met?”
Hawk blinked at a young woman with a rather large smile which he was going to categorize as slightly insincere staring up at him. But she looked friendly and he nodded.
“Persua? I think I’ve heard of you.”
He couldn’t remember from where, though. The young woman smiled wider.
“Actually, I’m from the south too. Celum. I’m a City Runner of course, but I’m in-training to become a Courier.”
That made Hawk give her a second look. Any City Runner could become a Courier, but some were earmarked for the position because of the Skills they had, or natural talent, etc. She didn’t look particularly athletic, so he guessed she had a Skill.
“Well, I hope you make it. It’s a bit dicey around here.”
“Absolutely. Did you hear about Lacel the Leaper? He was intercepted while running a delivery to Lady Dealia! In the Player of Celum’s inn!”
Hawk’s fur stood up, although Persua didn’t actually seem that bothered.
“I heard. Legs broken, right? I should pay a visit to him.”
“Oh, he left the city. Wouldn’t stay. But the package for Lady Dealia is still here.”
“Really? The Assassin’s Guild didn’t get it?”
No, it was to send a message. Hawk remembered that a beat before Persua informed him of that fact. The word was all over Izril, especially the Runner’s circles. The Guild of Assassins was back. Well, they’d never left, but now they were accepting contracts on Runners. And they’d done it in Magnolia Reinhart’s own city. To a Courier.
I’d better not sleep before I deliver the damn plays or whatever they are. Hawk resolved to himself as Persua cozied up to him. He reflexively stepped back.
“Too bad about Lacel. But he’s only good when he’s on the move. I’d love to chat, Miss Persua—”
“Can’t you stay? I’d love to get a drink, together. Ask about the Courier’s lifestyle?”
Hawk hesitated. He eyed Persua, searching for the most amenable way out of the conversation. Did Persua know Ryoka? Or…Valceif? Hawk’s stomach twisted. Poor fellow. He was about to ask when someone spoke up.
“Hawk? Good timing! The lady said you’d be here! I need a word!”
A loud voice. Hawk turned and saw another Courier striding his way. A Balerosian, at least in skin-tone, although Hawk happened to know this fellow was all-Izrilian to the core. The new speaker spread his arms wide.
“Hawk! Don’t hide! I’d recognize those ears anywhere!”
“And the fur? Good to see you Trit.”
Hawk greeted Trit, or Tritel, was a stocky fellow. Short, rather good-natured, and surprisingly aggressive for his height. He was a small fellow compared to Hawk, but he stomped on up and punched Hawk in the side.
“You giant inconsiderate rabbit! I haven’t seen you in ages! Where’ve you been? Around Liscor still?”
“That’s where I live.”
