7.18 M
Page 0

The irony was that there was nothing malicious in it. If anything, it was just…tiresome. A necessary task, born out of a mother’s love.
She wasn’t even good at her task. Belavierr paused as she strung the glistening red thread made of living sinew through the air. She stepped back to regard her work.
And she saw nothing. No art. No craft. Just—her attempt to capture a word.
“Evil.”
The Stitch Witch mused on it. What was evil? How could you know it when you saw it? She knew the world called her evil. But they called everything ‘evil’ in times. Half-Elves, when they ruled. Selphids by their turns. Minotaurs. Human tyrants. It mattered so little. Dragons, Witches—
Everything was evil. So, nothing was. To Belavierr, the word was abstract. She would call herself selfish. Greedy for power. She had given so much to live forever.
But for her daughter, she would learn to define evil. She had made an attempt.
“When they find this, will they call it evil? And will they know it is me? How many hunters will they send? Will they bring their grand armies? And shall I survive?”
The [Witch] wondered. Did she have the strength? She had waxed and waned, with the changing world. She had never been so exposed in thousands of years. Close to mortality.
But perhaps because she was so close, she could understand. Perhaps that was the thing that had led to her becoming a mother. Such a strange thing. Belavierr had held babies before. Too many to count. But only one moved her immortal heart.
For only one she would risk death. To make her powerful.
“Perhaps my name.”
The woman pulled at the thread hanging in the air. And it moved. Glistening red. Entrails, strung across a village. Bodies, unwound. But even this was just—artifice. A copy of a village she had seen long ago, struck by [Pillagers]. Someone had called it evil. Horrific.
“But will they hunt me for it? Cry my name loud enough for her to hear?”
“Yes.”
The voice, croaking, strained and raw, came from the side. Belavierr twisted her head and turned. The tall [Witch]’s form paused, at an angle. From beneath her wide hat, her orange, ringed eyes stared. And looked at one of the figures.
He had no legs. No midriff. Or rather—it was only connected to his torso by a single thread. His entrails were the string Belavierr was knitting with. Something had…torn away his lower half.
But he lived. Despite the pain that made his words come between silent screams. But soon—that would cease.
“You are awake. The others are gone. Why do you linger?”
Belavierr regarded the man like a curious insect. She glanced around. The rest of the village was silent. Eyes were open, the unwound bodies…alive. For a given value of it. But the minds behind the staring eyes, the open mouths, were gone. Pain had given way to a kind of terrible relief.
Oblivion.
But the man, the [Warrior], clung to life. He stared at her.
“They will send hunters. The Five Families will see you dead. Witch.”
His voice strained with the effort of shaping words. Belavierr caught the other threads, unspoken. Why? Why did you do it? What did our village do? Why are we suffering? Why was I not strong enough?
Why, why, why? And she stopped. She looked at him for a long time. Long enough that he was foaming at the mouth, biting through his lips, struggling. But Belavierr sometimes still walked to an immortal’s time.
“Good. Let them send their warriors.”
She smiled. And something like anticipation, even pleasure, entered her eyes. Because the mortal part of her remembered the thrill of battle. The challenge.
