7.18 M
Page 13
The familiar bellow came from the Rabbitman’s mouth as he neared the gates of Invrisil. The [Guards] at the gate had an option as they saw Hawk approaching. They could stop him. Or—wave him through. Hawk had all the identification he needed in case they made a random stop. But that seldom happened.
No one stopped him in this case. Hawk raced past the [Guards], shouting.
“Wagon back sixteen miles south! [Bandit] attack!”
“Thanks! Noted!”
The [Sergeant] on duty bellowed back. She scrambled for a quill as she remarked to her companion.
“Sixteen miles? He says it like it’s easy.”
“Couriers. You ever get a delivery from one of them?”
“Yup. Placed an order and it appeared like that. All the way from First Landing! Costs more’n I’d care to ever spend, though.”
The [Sergeant] looked at her comrade.
“So why’d you buy anything?”
He waggled a finger.
“Wedding ring. Custom-made. Courier service.”
“Ah. For Miski.”
“Yup.”
“I’d have been happy with a silver band.”
“[Sergeant], we’re on duty—”
Drama. Hawk picked up the last of that conversation and really wished he’d stuck around to hear the rest. Not that you had to guess. But it would have been great gossip material for Selys when he got back to Liscor.
The Rabbit [Courier] was humming to himself. And that was his class. Delivery was his specialty. He was conscious of the looks he got even as he entered Invrisil, but he weaved through the crowd with practiced grace. If he’d been in a real hurry, he might have shouted; Couriers could actually demand people get out of the way sometimes.
But he wasn’t in a rush, rush. He’d only run, oh, the last two hundred miles at a decent pace. Even so, he’d beaten almost any conceivable mode of transport to get here.
“Courier delivery! I have a bag of holding and items from Pallass!”
The Rabbit Beastkin announced as he entered Invrisil’s Runner’s Guild. It was one of the largest in the nation and they had a separate section for Couriers. A [Receptionist] raced over.
“Hawk of Liscor?”
“That’s me. I have some Courier-letters, two priority sendings—one bound for the Players of Celum from…er, the Players of Celum in Liscor. Paper, fragile. This container here. I have eight other items…”
Each one properly accounted for in his bag of holding. Each one Hawk signed for and got a receipt for; Courier-class deliveries were not lost in the system. The [Receptionist] was good at his job. Although he did pause.
“A delivery to the Players of Celum? You mean, the Players?”
“The [Actors]? Yeah.”
Hawk gave the Human man a blank look. He’d been to Invrisil and obviously knew the buzz about them, but he’d seen enough plays back in Liscor. But the man’s reaction made Hawk do a double-take.
“It’s marked as urgent, but they’re not paying for in-person delivery. Just bulk transit. Is a regular runner okay?”
The [Receptionist] hesitated and chewed it over. Hawk glanced around and noticed the other Runners in the guild were staring at him.
Well, he was a Courier, but it wasn’t a rare sight to see a Courier in the Runner’s Guild in Invrisil. Another city, yes. But they were staring at the bundles of paper. Hawk hesitated.
“The—a City Runner or Street Runner would have to go with an escort to get it to the Players of Celum, I think, Courier Hawk. Are those…new plays?”
“Maybe. I didn’t ask.”
Hawk saw the [Receptionist]’s face light up.
“Really? They’re all the rage. I can call for an escort! And go myself! I’m a huge fan of—did you say there’s another group of the Players of Celum? Why in Liscor?”
The man reached for the papers, but Hawk grabbed them.
