7.18 M
Page 4
This answer made the old woman sit up. She peered at the girl.
“Who told you that was the answer I wanted?”
A pause. The girl turned white.
“No one.”
The old lady snorted. But she didn’t point to the side.
“Well then, you’re right either way. And yes. That is what we are. In decline. But I think of it differently. We—all of the Five Families—have a curse. Each of us, each different. And they have left us in this state today. Faded.”
She lifted a hand. And her thin skin shone in the firelight, exposing veins around spotted flesh. The children looked at her and she smiled.
“This is what age looks like. Afraid? You have many decades to go until this moment, you little brats. But remember it. You do not have forever. Now—listen to what I think ails the Five Families. Including our house. Where shall I start? How about…Wellfar. They’ve been in my ears. Why, Zedalien?”
“The scandal between Lady Dealia and Lord Bein, milady. As well as Lady Hetessana Wellfar’s claim.”
The half-Elf smoothly bowed. The old woman nodded.
“Ah. And the [Assassins]. Yes. Wellfar. Coastal holdings. They control trade, and they are rich. Far richer than our house.”
She chuckled with dark humor and the children shifted uncomfortably. The old lady mused.
“They led our navies to Izril in the first days. And they were always powerful at sea. They still are. But as I said—cursed. Wellfar’s navies are rich still, but their family shrinks with each passing year. Infertile, the lot of them. Also cursed by their holdings; they ruled the seas, but they never expanded far inland. Do you understand?”
She glanced at the kids again. The young nobles hesitated. One seemed to take this as a challenge. She stood up and recited in a loud voice.
“The—the Wellfar family has earned money in trade from sugar and Eir Gel this year. Their profits are 13% up from last year, and they have ordered four new galleon-ships as a result. They—”
A slashing motion from Desinee. The girl tried to keep talking for a good ten seconds after she’d been silenced. The old woman rolled her eyes.
“What idiotic attempts. Thank your parents for disgracing yourself, girl. Hm.”
Her eyes roamed the group of children. And she picked out a dozing boy. This time the matriarch’s eyes narrowed.
“Zedalien.”
The half-Elf smoothly stepped forwards. The awake children jumped as they heard a smack and a howl. The young [Lordling] shot to his feet.
“He hit me!”
“Do it again, Zedalien. Unless he shuts up. And the rest of you—this will not take long. If you can’t stay awake, Zedalien will hit you. And if that doesn’t seem to work, perhaps I should cut the funds to all your houses, hm? The House of El does not have money for idiots who cannot listen for twenty minutes.”
That silenced everyone present, even the howling boy. And he went pale with fear. The old woman looked around.
“Desinee, the fire is growing low. Put more wood on it. The scented stuff.”
The younger [Lady] silently did as the old woman bid. And she manually added a log to the fire, even as Zedalien pulled the sniveling boy to the side. And the old woman nodded. She sat back in her chair. And she couldn’t have stood to give the boy the back of her hand, even if she’d wanted to. Or else she would have done it already, rather than waiting for her servant.
She was old. Not as old as a certain Grand Strategist, but she was as old as her actual age. And her skin was frail, her body failing. But her eyes were sharp. And in them burned the same woman who had lived all this time.
