7.18 M
Page 14
“…I may deliver this one in person rather than entrust it to a Street Runner, then. I’ll take directions to the Players of Celum if you know where they are?”
The disappointed man gave them to Hawk. He tried to ask about the Players of Celum in Liscor, and why were plays coming here? And wouldn’t Hawk consider an escort of his own? But Hawk ignored the questions as he backed up, stowing the papers and plotting a route towards the inn.
He didn’t gossip on the job. That was unprofessional. As he trotted towards the door with long strides, someone came over.
“Hawk the Courier? I could take the papers for—”
“Nope.”
The City Runner hesitated. He ran after Hawk.
“I’m a huge fan of Miss Jasi. If we could say we went together, I could pay—”
“Sorry.”
How popular were these [Actors]? Hawk accelerated, but the City Runner kept pace with him. He had a running Skill too. In fact—more Runners were following his lead.
“Mister Hawk! I’m Divee! We met once—”
“Hello? Hawk? Hello. I know you. We’re from the same city. Sort of. I’m from Celum. The name is Pers—”
“Got to go! Get lost, City Runners!”
Hawk accelerated. The Runners were left almost literally in a cloud of dust. They couldn’t keep up with the Beastkin’s agility. And Hawk was double-timing it now.
“Courier on delivery! Watch out!”
He warned people as he ran and literally leapt over a group of people. All of Hawk’s instincts had been triggered by that scene in the guild. He just bet someone would have intercepted him to take this apparently ultra-precious cargo if he’d dallied.
Fortunately, the inn wasn’t that far away. Hawk made it there in a flash. The [Bouncer] at the door stared at the Rabbit Beastkin, but he blocked the door when Hawk pounded on it. There was actually a crowd outside the inn!
“No one’s allowed inside but—”
“Courier on delivery! For the Players of Celum! It says—Wesle, Jasi, or Emme.”
Hawk bellowed it in his ears and for the benefit of anyone inside. The [Bouncer] backed up. Someone exclaimed from inside and Hawk found a somewhat familiar half-Dwarf woman staring at him.
“Hawk? A Courier delivery? Oh—dead gods, it’s Miss Erin’s notes and that new play she remembered! Or is it the adaptation of…? Come in! Let him in, Redit!”
The [Bouncer] was hurried out of the way. Hawk found Emme gesturing to him to put the papers on the table. Hawk did so.
“Emme, right? I can use that in my receipt to the Runner’s Guild. Does everything check out to you? Everything you expected is in order?”
“Oh, yes, absolutely. Temile’s, hah, even included his new roster! Levels and names and all! Even species! He’s got a Garuda? We have to get that door active! Did you have a hard time getting here, Hawk? How’s Erin? How’s Liscor?”
“Fine. But I didn’t know everyone and their dog would want to see the papers. You need to request in-person delivery, Emme.”
The [Producer] blinked.
“We do? I mean, it was cheaper this way—”
She saw an annoyed furry face and furry finger pointing at her.
“I could have left it at the Runner’s Guild and my job would have been done. Then you’d have had to gamble on someone else taking it here. City or Street Runners and I guarantee you that it would have been intercepted.”
“Oh, I’m sorry—I had no idea! We’ve never done anything like Courier delivery before—can I get you a drink? Something to eat?”
“Well, it’s fine. Consider it a one-time service, but you got lucky.”
Mollified, Hawk accepted a drink. He was thirsty. Emme fussed around.
“We’re really very grateful. Can I offer you some of these? As thanks? We have a whole set.”
