7.18 M
Page 30
Couriers. Selys Shivertail gazed into Rufelt’s mirror. She shivered, as for a second, the image focused on Hawk and the other Couriers. She stared at Hawk. The silly, affable Rabbitman who wooed Drakes in Liscor with carrot-related foods. Who had smashed through a carriage of [Assassins] with his bare fists and feet.
She looked around. People were watching the broadcast. The Drake [Heiress] leaned over.
“You know, I’m actually dating him.”
The Gnoll [Bartender] gave Selys a blank look.
“Congratulations. I serve him drinks.”
 
—-
 
That night, Hawk was one of the talks of the city. The three Couriers…well, four counting Ci, were feasted. And no [Assassins] came to kill them. Or if they were poisoned, it was so subtly none of them could tell.
Lady Dealia’s heartbroken grief was almost overshadowed by the drama of everything. The Couriers were stars, that shone for at least a little while. Hawk himself received a number of offers for companionship that night which he declined; he had a special someone.
Salamani was another case. He certainly enjoyed the attention. But Tritel was, like Hawk, taken. Ci had to approve any female companionship. And she did not, by and large.
And Lord Bein was in a lot of trouble. And that was what this all about, wasn’t it? A love story. The world had focused on the matter of [Assassins], the pride of Couriers, the private drama of a young [Lady]’s heartbreak with lurid fascination.
Because it was the most important, topical thing in the world. More than the King of Destruction’s ongoing war with Jecrass. More than any other major event, like possible conflict with the Kingdom of Ailendamus, the eternal struggle of the Blighted Kingdom.
This was the most important thing. Because people were focused on it. Ergo, it was important. Right? Noass and his broadcast illuminated what mattered. That was how it worked.
…Right?
At the same time as Ci was stealing food from Hawk’s dinner plate, a completely unimportant person was watching Noass through the scrying orb. Her head twisted right, left. As if trying to understand.
“Curious.”
Belavierr looked at Noass. Her immortal eyes narrowed on his face. Noass shivered for a second in the broadcast—after a ten minute delay. But he kept talking.
“…wonders what will become of the drama. Obviously, this is a scandalous affair. Also in the news, we have a wedding between one of Calanfer’s [Princesses] and a [Baron] of some other Terandrian Kingdom. I’ll find the names in a moment. Hopefully the planned nuptials won’t be disrupted by another bout of infidelity. Males, cover your tails! Ha, ha…that was a joke…”
“Strange.”
The Stitch Witch looked at the scrying orb. Here was…importance. Weight. And yet—this Drake wasn’t talking about the village that had been slaughtered. He was focused on a spat between lovers.
Not her…evil. The Stitch Witch stared.
“Strange. Is this what matters in this era?”
Something in her spoke. It has always been so. Always. This is just another way, another version of the same.
She could slaughter a city. But would it matter? The Stitch Witch thought. And thought. And then—she smiled.
“The Couriers.”
She had seen them. Running about. High-level for who they were. But they had been on the scrying orb. They were thus…important.
The [Witch]’s logic was very simple. If this was what the world cared about, then doing something to them would attract attention. There would be consequences. But she had accepted them. For her daughter, she would dare death.
