7.18 M
Page 12
“Does she think I won’t survive the trip? Well—I might not. But for this? Yes. Ulva is a proud idiot.”
Maviola winced at the brutal acknowledgement. Briskly, she shook her head. Then she paused again.
“It should be done. I can send…no. It’s very fitting. Tell Magnolia I will accede. But not without something in return.”
She looked directly at Zedalien. The half-Elf paused.
“What should I relay to Lady Magnolia?”
The old woman felt at her side. For…three objects. She clutched them urgently, as she sometimes did. Only, now?
Now. She felt a specter at her back. Not yet. Not yet. The fire was dim. And Lord Deilan, heir to the House of El, looked at the old woman as she bared her teeth. She stared at Zedalien.
“Tell her…tell her I have a price. As the El family has always done, we serve our clients and our interests. Let her give it to me. And Deilan?”
“Yes, Great Aunt?”
The old woman smiled at him.
“Let’s make the most of today. Because when you become our House’s leader, I will not be there.”
And he saw her breathing shallowly. The effort of even telling a story had taken a toll on her. And the [Lord] bowed his head and spent his last hours with Maviola El well.
 
—-
 
Some people said that all roads led to Invrisil. And those people were idiots because that was just geographically untrue. But it was true that Invrisil occupied a bit of prime real estate when it came to trade routes. So the City of Adventurers was a meeting point for people on the road, adventurers going on an…adventure, and so on.
All sorts went to Invrisil. Literally everyone, from peasants to [Lords]. Although only people in some kingdoms in Terandria got the [Peasant] class. But so many people were heading that way, or arriving, leaving.
A Runner jogged north on the road to Invrisil. They moved quickly, faster on average than the wagons or other modes of transport. They were slower than a horse, but they could go off-road and with potions, even a relatively fit Human could hope to outdistance a horse over time.
As they ran, they passed by a number of sights. Overturned wagons with people shouting about a sudden [Bandit] attack. An entire family moving north after their home had been burned due to a freak accident.
Some [Wagon Driver] in a wagon, grumbling about an obnoxious group he’d hauled down south to Invrisil as a favor. A group of adventurers, arguing.
“Don’t eat half-cooked eggs!”
Two of them were lying on the ground. One of them, an Antinium, was perfectly healthy thanks to his anti-food poisoning amulet. The other two had been throwing up all day. An exasperated woman with silver arms was berating them. The Antinium was debating taking off the amulet so he could get food poisoning in solidarity. But they still had a ways to go.
And the Runner was faster than all the rest. People stared as he flashed past them. Some waved or called out. After all, it wasn’t often you saw someone like him.
A Courier. But also—a Beastkin. A Rabbit Beastkin. He had rabbit ears. A furry body. Muscles. He was in fact—
Hawk. He paused to stare at the Horns of Hammerad, but he was on the job and he couldn’t take time to socialize. Further north he ran, stopping only occasionally, with the attacked wagons, and then only promising to relay word to the nearest patrol or settlement. Which he did.
But he ran. And he was quick. The average Runner could hope to outdistance a horse with some cheap stamina potions over a day. Hawk could outrun most horses on the gallop without trying. And he was a Courier. One of the best.
“Courier on delivery!”
