7.18 M
Page 2
The children, all dressed in their best clothing, looked up at her solemnly. As if any of them needed to be told. They were standing more or less to attention. And nervous.
They had on their best clothes. And with this group, ‘best’ meant they were attired like a group attending a noble’s ball. Fittingly, in a way, but all the expense that went into each piece of clothing—it was all wasted. The one who waited within cared very little for such things, now.
“Is that you, Desinee? Well, enough dawdling. Send them in, then.”
A crackling voice made the children start. It was familiar to them. But they cast a glance at the [Lady]. And she nodded.
“Right inside. Don’t be worried.”
She was truly bad at being reassuring. But she swung open the ancient doors. Ironwood moved silently. It was a heavy door. And contrary to its name—ironwood was far stronger than iron. It could have withstood a siege. It had in times past. The one sitting in the chair remembered one.
“Come in, children. Let’s see what the current generation is worth.”
Slowly, the children walked into the room. And they found a study. Grand, filled with books. Tomes almost as old as the door. Warmth, too. Almost unbearable.
A woman sat in the chair, by the fire. And she was old. Her hair was white, her skin papery. She sat in a wheelchair.
Not a machined, metal-and-plastic design from another world, but a more—primitive design. One made by people who had paid as much attention to the design and ornamentation of the wheels as movability.
But there was magic woven into the chair as well that kept it light and someone had installed padded cushions to cradle the owner’s back and sides. And then—she had had the chair remodeled to actually fit her comfortably.
It did not move as the children came to a nervous stop. The woman looked at each of them.
“Well? Step forwards. Sit or stand as you like. Let me look at you. My, you’ve all grown.”
The children spilled forwards again. Some hesitated as they looked at the carpet. Sit on that? Without a proper chair? It said something of their heritage that they considered whether it would wrinkle their fancy clothes, even at their young age.
“Zedalien. The door.”
The old woman looked up. The warmth from the room was spilling out.
A figure moved. A man, tall and graceful and handsome, his hair blonde and turning to white, but his features barely lined, slowly closed the heavy doors. The [Lady], Desinee, stepped to one side as he did. She was Human, a [Lady]. But the man’s ears were longer, pointed.
A half-Elf. He bowed slightly. And the old woman sighed. She leaned back, and the chair moved to accommodate the motion. She looked at the young faces staring up at her. And she spoke slowly, searching each one.
“You are all here because it is time. Twelve of you? Enough, enough bowing and curtseying. Sit or stand! But stop blocking the light!”
The children jumped. They moved out of the way of the fireplace. The light was the only illumination in the room. The old woman sighed again.
“Where was I? Ah, yes, the time. You’re all old enough to be here. And I think…this is the last time I’ll have the patience for this. So sit—and listen. You are all little brats. And I don’t have the time to deal with you normally.”
The little brats stared. They weren’t accustomed to being addressed like this either. The old [Lady] continued.
“But I do this for each generation. To ensure you know our history, not just what your parents teach you. If they even bother.”
