7.18 M
Page 32
She was part of a group known as the Circle of Thorns. In daylight, she was also an ally of Tyrion Veltras—the Imarris family was a traditional ally of the Veltras family, but Ieka was even more so. She was influential and had connections beyond those simply afforded to her by her station.
She had graduated from Wistram. She knew their world as well. She could, at her whim, use her power. And Ieka was generous with her allies. She valued magic, resourcefulness.
And she disliked Magnolia Reinhart. Not just because the other woman was famous; that was just a quibble. Magnolia Reinhart, to Ieka, was shallow, manipulative, controlling. Izril did not need her. Most importantly, though, Ieka truly wanted a better future for Izril. She had fought the Goblin King. She had lost her sister at the Sacrifice of Roses.
Everyone had lost something. That day lingered in the mind of Izril’s nobility. A terrible day and night. When they had marched against the Goblin King. A decade past and still. Ieka could close her eyes and remember.
They marched out of the city dressed like a field of flowers. Bright clothing, while the men wore armor and clashed with the Goblins. Outnumbered. Outnumbered by Goblins and outmatched.
The Goblin King himself took to the field after the long siege. His Goblin Lords assailed the defenders of First Landing mercilessly. Slaughtering. Even the champions of Izril were too few.
So the nobility walked, dressed for a ball. Because armor would have stifled their abilities. [Ladies], on procession. Shielded by nothing but their Skills and flimsy lines of [Soldiers]. Turning the tide. 
They threw the Goblins back. Again, and again. The Goblin King himself fought their wills. They had power, the [Ladies] in their fine dresses. But he had another sort. So he rode into their lines and cut down the flowers by the dozens. Until he was finally hurled away. They halted the Goblin King’s advance that day. But the ground ran with the blood of the flowers of Izril.
She could remember it if she closed her eyes. Lady Ieka felt her eyes stinging. Tears, unshed. Everyone had lost something.
Perhaps none more so than the woman who sat across from her. Lady Rie Valerund, last of her name. More than one noble house had died that day. And those that remained…
“The bidding war is over, Ieka.”
“What war?”
For a moment, the [Mage Lady] did not know what was being said. She was still there. Drenched in gore, holding her wand, looking around for her sister as the [Soldiers] pushed back the Goblins. Hearing the screams of the dying nobility and the Goblins’ war drums.
Then she was back.
“The bidding for the Potion of Youth? Who won, then?”
Lady Rie Valerund was consulting a scroll that Ieka used to follow the bidding of valuable items. She hadn’t bothered even making a bid for the Potion of Youth. For one thing, she hadn’t needed it. Her star had yet to fade. But the item’s purchaser was another matter.
“Guess.”
Lady Rie’s face told Ieka everything. The other [Lady] paused.
“What does Reinhart need with another potion?”
“Leverage, no doubt. Any number of [Lords] might jump for it. Lord Pellmia, for instance. Ieka—are you certain this is wise?”
The [Mage Lady] returned to looking out the window. She had been in the carriage all day. It was a difficult business, travelling fast in Izril. Couriers, even Couriers took days to travel the continent. Damn Magnolia’s carriage, with all its ancient magical enchantments. It was yet another thing the Lady Reinhart had over her enemies.
