7.18 M
Page 7
The girl shuffled off, feeling that she’d been tricked. Lady Maviola El sighed.
“Tyrion Veltras and Magnolia Reinhart. A deadly flower with all the thorns in the world and a Wyvern wearing a wolf’s fur. They replaced their parents. And they are fierce. I’d never deny that. Thanks to the two of them, Izril’s north survived the Antinium by aiding the Drakes and fought off the Goblin Lord. But beyond that?”
She shrugged.
“They’re two monsters who know war better than peace. Even Magnolia, for all she tries to keep her family and herself in line. When she was a girl she spilled blood to get her way like a [Hydromancer] calls water. She manages her estates well, and her allies. But she has a conscience. And that makes her weak.”
“Comparatively, Lady El?”
Zedalien bowed from the side. The old woman grinned at him.
“Comparatively, Zedalien. Thank you for reminding me. Magnolia Reinhart is the best of the Reinharts today. But listen, you little children. We have had deadlier. Magnolia Reinhart is one of the most dangerous women in the world. Better than her mother and even grandmother. But Salienn Reinhart died eight hundred years ago. And she drank the blood of her enemies and consorted with immortality for over three centuries. She was a Reinhart among Reinharts. But—”
Maviola began to cough. Zedalien hurried over and helped her. The children saw the old woman gasping, and then Maviola sat back, exhausted by the sudden fit. It was a familiar scene.
“Immortality has its price. But so does old age. Did I say Magnolia and Tyrion Veltras were flawed? They’re well enough. But we’ve lost so many of our great leaders. During the Antinium Wars.”
The Antinium Wars. They echoed still, as the children shifted. The House of El remembered those days. They had anniversaries, death dates.
The March of Flowers was remembered. Was still fresh. Maviola was nodding. Her eyes flashed bitterly as she recited names.
“Fulviolo El. Petria Terland and her sister, Ulva. My brother and the Terland twins would have been magnificent leaders. But losing Petria broke Ulva in half. So now there is me. And two children who snap at each other while the other families take sides. The family of El cannot duel the other four families like we used to. And there are too few of us left. The nobility of Izril. Too few to manage all the land.”
“Something can surely be done, Lady Maviola.”
It was Desinee who offered that. She was hardly immune to the dire talk coming from the House of El’s matriarch. The old woman glanced at the [Lady]. She snapped, irritably.
“You want to fix it, Desinee? Go to your husband, lie in bed with a fertility potion, and give birth to a child a year.”
The [Lady] recoiled. Maviola laughed.
“Don’t like that, do you? None of the new [Ladies] do. Pryde, Magnolia, even that harlot, Bethal, and all the others like Ieka don’t want to birth eight children. Which is what we used to demand! But that’s what’s needed.”
She looked pensively into the fire, which was fading again. And Maviola’s voice was cracked with loss.
“We lost too many during the Sacrifice of Roses. Too many. Not just that our families decline. The Goblin King took a terrible toll.”
This the children understood. Missing links of a family tree, that ended suddenly could be traced back to one day, or to one year. Izril’s nobility had lost too many and had yet to rebuild their numbers.
But what could be done? The new generation waited as Maviola looked about. Perhaps, perhaps, the future lay with them. They would become the hope of their House, rebuild it to glory. The children looked at each other.
