7.18 M
Page 45
Grace. Maviola El walked. She left her years behind. And she strode over to a hitched, waiting horse, and mounted it as nimbly as could be. It had no saddle; the horse danced as she steadied it. Then she began to ride away.
South. Smiling and laughing in the night. The [Ladies] watched. In silence, in awe, in mourning.
Only one voice broke the silence. And it was Bethal’s. She started. And exclaimed.
“Oh. She stole my horse.”
 
—-
 
On Maviola rode, on burning, magical time. To find her death. Leaving her life behind. South.
She rode like fire, her hair, black and orange, waving in the wind. Lady Firestarter. Lady El. A figure from an old tale, another era, riding into the night. Out of her story and into another for one last time.
She passed a shadow in the night. A walking monster. A [Witch]. The banished figure turned her head. And she whispered. Her voice rose as shadows circled Maviola.
“You have left your lands. You are dying. I can let you live forever.”
A nightmare’s voice. Reaching hands. An immortal stare. Maviola turned her head. And in the midnight’s darkness, she raised her hand.
Fire blooming in the night. Belavierr screamed as the magical fire, made of memory shot into the sky. And Maviola El laughed.
She rode on, then. A glowing ember blazing against the wind. Burning brightest in the night before the dawn. And it wasn’t the end.
Not yet.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: The end. But not really. Hope you enjoyed this chapter. This was longer than I thought, and it was certainly…ambitious. But I felt passionately about it. Maviola El was…one of the characters who just strolls into your head and sits down. I didn’t know it could happen, but a few characters have been like that.
I hope you’re enjoying yourselves, cooped up indoors! I’ve been streaming these chapters live. And I don’t know if they are good or better for it, but it’s something new. This is all from me for now. I do hope I did it justice.
For today, I am featuring one artist: pkay, who I cannot link to since they do a lot of NSFW stuff. But also a lot of amazing art for the story! They’ve drawn Magnolia, Yvlon—and Belavierr herself!
I’m linking all their new art below. It is amazing! Thanks for all the hard work, truly. This chapter is for a lot of things. Running, politics, love…but also grace. Fire. And youth, no matter how old you get. Thanks for reading!
                                                                                                    
 

