7.18 M
Page 28
It wasn’t pretty. In fact, apart from the adrenaline-inducing fights, their run was still long. Exhausting, hard—with moments of extreme danger.
But they ran. And finally, they reached the city of Weisel. By that point, the scrying spell had been reinstated, due to popular demand. Salamani was swearing a blue streak, but they were in range of the city.
“Couriers on delivery! Where’s Lady Dealia?”
Tritel raced forwards on Ci, shouting at the [Guards]. They stared wide-eyed at the panting Couriers. One pointed.
“She’s in the city, that way—are you the Moonlight Rider?”
“You see anyone else with a better horse? We’re nearly there, lads! And Ci! Let’s go!”
The three Couriers raced through the gates. Hawk was at the end of his rope. He’d been running for—he didn’t know how many hours. And he was full of nerves. Nearly there, nearly—
The streets were full of people. Weisel’s inhabitants. They turned to stare as Tritel rode Ci down the road, ignoring traffic laws. The other two Couriers were hot on Ci’s hooves. Hawk stared at the crowd.
“Couriers on delivery! Clear the damn roads!”
Hawk screamed at max volume. People turned, stared, and obeyed. The three Couriers raced down the street shouting.
“Lady Dealia! Where is she?”
Tritel looked around. Some people pointed. Salamani leapt up onto a roof and turned.
“Tritel, Hawk! Over there!”
The two Couriers turned. They raced down a street, pelted right. Towards the frozen convoy of minor nobles. Lady Dealia and her house stared as the Couriers ran at her.
The [Lady] of House Zolde stared as the three Couriers bore down on her. Her two brothers and their bodyguards reacted, reaching for their weapons. But Tritel rode down on all of them, full of lather and adrenaline.
“Are you Lady Dealia Zolde?”
“I am. Are you—the Couriers?”
Lady Dealia’s eyes were wide, darkened with shadow. She was indeed one of the most beautiful [Ladies] of Izril and her makeup accented her Chandrarian features. Her brothers looked at Hawk with wide eyes.
The nobles had been sitting around a table with a scrying orb on it. Hawk glanced at the image. Tritel was dismounting as Ci panted. The horse walked over to a cup one of the Zolde [Lords] had been drinking from and stuck out her tongue. He stared as she lapped up the water.
“Delivery for you. From Lady Hetessana. If you have a seal, we’ll take it. Otherwise—here. Direct delivery. Apologies for the delay. Some idiot got his legs broken. What?”
The [Lady] was staring at Tritel.
“You—you’re on the scrying orb. You’re still running—we’ve been watching your progress.”
She pointed weakly at the orb. Hawk saw that he was being shown on the orb, running. Some Drake—Noass—was commentating in the corner.
“…Looks like they’re nearly to their destination. I understand this will be very unfortunate for Lord Bein, but I don’t think anyone will stop the Couriers at this point. This is of course, hah, all Human politics. But er…not that we have anything against Humans. Salt of the earth. Good if they don’t steal your cities, all that…”
“They must have delayed the spell.”
Salamani jogged up. He wiped at his forehead as the nobility stared. Lady Dealia saw the short man thrust the little locket at her.
“Your delivery, Lady. Will you take it?”
She hesitated. And the dramatis personae of this event, the tired Couriers, the crowd who realized they were going to be on the scrying orb and began waving at the sky—all of them had forgotten.
