7.18 M
Page 41
But her eyes blazed. As Desinee pushed her, the matriarch of the House of El, Lady Maviola El, looked up at Belavierr. And only now did the Spider realize she had been tricked. She had walked into someone else’s web.
“Why do you come here? There is only death here for you.”
A woman, a [Witch], but no giant, stood in the center of the gathering of [Ladies] as they spread out around her. Encircling her. Staring at the [Witch]. She raised her hand, threw needles. They broke in midair from a dozen different angles. She looked around.
Lady Maviola smiled. She saw Magnolia nod to her. And she inclined her head in return. She spoke, in a voice as soft as a whisper, but carried across the field.
“The Five Families stand united when we must. For Goblin Kings. For war. And threats of your ilk. You are not welcome here, Spider.”
And now Belavierr knew. Her eyes narrowed and she cast about. Searching for a crack, a weakness to use. She spoke, as some of the youngest girls stared at her in horror. At the oldest of the [Ladies]. At them all.
“This is Izril’s might? It is a wilted radiance. Dying. All things fade. You are fragments and wisps of the [Lords] and [Ladies] who claimed this land. They walked with Giants and slew Dragons. What are you to them? Children of a faded dream. You will wither and your families turn to dust. But I could give you power.”
She reached out. [Ladies] drew back. And none took her hand. They looked at her. Afraid, wrathful, fearful—
But contemptuously. Refusing her. The Stitch Witch’s face was changing. Her contempt for them was bared. A twisted expression of distaste, mirrored across both classes.
Lady Zanthia spoke, her voice ringing across the field, reaching all of the women gathered there.
“Ladies of Izril. Behold the Temptress. She will come to you as you age. Each and every one of you. And she will offer you immortality, beauty. But what she asks is your very soul. We remember those who have fallen into her web. So we call her. So all races name her, the wretched creature creeping around legends and time. Temptress.”
“Spider.”
Bethal stared at Belavierr, her eyes blazing.
“Threadstealer.”
Wuvren murmured.
“Stitch Witch.”
Ieka whispered. And Magnolia Reinhart smiled. With all the gestures of welcome and none of the feeling.
“Belavierr, we are young to you. But the flowers of Izril still bloom. And we stand united. It is you who forget; you have trespassed and given offense on our lands. You are not welcome here. Begone.”
The other [Ladies] echoed her.
“Begone.”
The whisper picked up. Eliasor spoke the word. Ieka said it. Rie whispered, staring in hate at Belavierr’s face. The Stitch Witch’s form…trembled.
From her resting place, Lady Pryde coughed. She stared at the [Witch] and mustered some defiance.
“I have seen more impressive sights. Begone.”
“You have nothing we wish for. Begone.”
Zanthia’s voice was steady. Maviola El gazed at Belavierr.
“You are withered in turn, Belavierr. Begone.”
The Stitch Witch threw her head back and shrieked in fury. The sound made some of the [Ladies] start. But it did nothing. Bethal raised her head and pointed.
“You are not the Goblin King. Begone.”
Magnolia Reinhart’s eyes bored into Belavierr’s.
“Begone from my lands.”
She raised her hand, and the Ladies of Izril pointed as one. They spoke a word.
“Begone.”
Belavierr trembled. And then the air broke. The clouds split. The word rang and the Stitch Witch howled.
The shadows fled. Belavierr’s own shadow flickered, banished, fleeing southwards. Thrown by the word. But the Stitch Witch remained.
