7.18 M
Page 8
And then—realized something. All of them were standing. They had been disqualified during the little history lecture. Silenced and made to wait by one side.
Only one of them was left. And she sat in front of Maviola. The old woman nodded.
“One made it? Better than last time. Have the other children go back to their families, Desinee. I’ll speak to…this one alone.”
The other children were herded out of the room. The double doors slammed shut and the girl got to her feet. She stood very properly in front of Maviola. The old woman eyed her, sardonically.
“So, just you, girl? Your parents tell me you are a prodigy. They shout it, rather. Zeci, isn’t it?”
“Yes, Lady Maviola.”
The answer came at once. The old woman studied Zeci and the girl braced herself for any question in the world. But the one that came at her still caught her unawares.
“Do you enjoy your studies, Zeci? Horseback riding, calligraphy, finances—your parents have you studying at all hours, don’t they?”
“I enjoy it, Lady Maviola.”
The girl replied after a moment’s hesitation. The old woman looked at her and rolled her eyes. It was a gesture that indicated complete disbelief.
“Really. You enjoy your studies? And all these costly [Tutors] and such?”
“…Yes, Lady Maviola. I enjoy learning.”
“Hm. Interesting. Approach me, Zeci.”
The young [Lady] did so, tentatively. She stared up at Maviola’s face, but without letting the imperious look deter her. The old woman smiled. Then she lifted a hand.
And there was fire. Brilliant, white fire. It rested in the hand of the old [Lady]. And she looked at Zeci’s wide eyes. There was no heat, but the flame was intense.
“Do you know what they called me, girl?”
Once, there had been a fire—Zeci gulped. She stared at the fire and then at the woman’s face. Only her eyes burned with the same radiance.
“Y-yes, Grandmother. I mean…”
“Fire. Look at it. Isn’t it beautiful?”
It was. But—Zeci was also afraid. The matriarch of the House of El had lived for a long time. And—she had not always lived kindly. She spoke as she leaned down in her chair.
“I have a Skill that tells apart little girls who lie to me. Even if their parents give her tricks to avoid truth spells. Put your hand in the fire, Zeci El.”
“But—”
The girl stared at the flames, terrified, and then at Maviola. The matriarch grinned.
“It will only burn you if you lie, or try to lie. If you are truthful, you will feel nothing. But lie? And you will mourn that hand for your entire life. Like so.”
She lifted her other hand. And Zeci saw an old, old scar that travelled down Maviola’s hand, all the way up to her upper arm. The girl recoiled, but the old woman pushed the flame towards her.
“Go on. Put your hand in the fire and swear that you enjoy your studies. Do it now.”
The girl flinched away. She reached for the fire with her left hand, stared at it, and then, abruptly, burst into tears.
“I lied! I don’t want to study all day! Don’t make me touch the fire, Great Grandmother!”
“Ah.”
The old woman sat back. Abruptly, the fire winked out. She looked at Zeci.
“Did your parents make you study?”
“Yes. They told me it would be good for our family. And they told me to say—”
The girl, tearful, confessed everything in a rush. Only after she had let it all out did Zeci realize it might spell trouble for her family. She choked on her tears.
“Lady Maviola—”
“Do not be worried, Zeci. I will deal with your parents. And they will not be rendered entirely poor this year. But your lessons will cease and I believe you will take only the ones you enjoy—and perhaps some that are necessary.”
“Thank you, Grandmother!”
