7.19
Page 32
Maviola’s lips twitched. She turned her head and then stared.
A half-Elf was grabbing for an amulet being held out by an Antinium. One of her hands was skeletal—just bone. A [Necromancer] was sniffing haughtily. And a woman with metallic arms was rolling her eyes.
Maviola blinked at the half-Elf and Yvlon Byres, and then smoldered at the Antinium. The adventurers took no notice of her.
They were sitting on a wagon. And on that wagon was…a door. The arguing team, the Horns of Hammerad, had the door propped up. Maviola eyed them.
“At least we’re here. Say, do you think we’ll be able to get to The Wandering Inn today?”
“Probably not. You know how that door is. Only two of us will probably be able to go through, at most. Dibs.”
“Dibs.”
“Damn it, you two.”
Yvlon scowled. Ksmvr raised one hand.
“I am ‘dibbing’ disqualifying myself to allow my teammates to go and visit the inn before me.”
The other adventurers blinked at him. And they slowly drew closer to the city. The [Lady] eyed them as Ceria wrinkled her nose.
“What’s that smell?”
Every head turned. And—somehow you missed this, but everyone else who had passed this way had seen it. The adventurers and Maviola saw a huge, rotting…pile. Of flesh. It was being burned.
“…Is that a Flesh Giant?”
Pisces blinked. And then the line moved, and Maviola El, and the Horns of Hammerad saw the gates of Invrisil waiting for them. The City of Adventurers awaited.
At long last. On an ordinary day—Ceria Springwalker raised her head. She saw the [Guards] at the gate calling out.
“Nightfall! Locking down the gates! Invrisil is under curfew! Come back tomorrow!”
The portcullis slammed down. The travellers stared up at the gates. Ceria’s mouth opened. She inhaled the smell of burning, rotting flesh. Looked around. Yvlon looked just as startled. Pisces blinked a few times as people at the gates shouted indignantly. Ksmvr nodded to himself.
“I believe the [Guardsman] forgot to say ‘welcome to Invrisil’.”
 
Author’s Note: This wasn’t a short chapter. I mean, it was shorter. But I’m still tired.
Hi, this was my attempt at an easy chapter. I believe I’ve failed, but I’m going to write another ‘easy’ chapter next update so I can recover from that long interlude. It won’t have much in it. It will be boring as…this chapter.
Heh. Hope you enjoy, and thanks for reading! And if you participated in the Fantasy panel, thanks for sending in your questions! I didn’t get to all of them, but it was a lot of comments! Thanks for reading and see you next time!
Today’s art is by Enuryn the [Naturalist]! It’s very fittingly of Liscor’s dungeon—the fortified entrance, not the other one. Amazing artwork and a beautiful scenic shot! Just uh, don’t actually go inside to take pictures, okay? Thanks for the amazing art!
(Full-size Version Here!)

 

