7.19
Page 22
And still—Klbkch watched. He felt as though a weight he had not known was there was taken off his shoulders. Xrn could lead the Antinium. She was generous; he would never have given artifacts to ordinary Antinium except in times of war.
But Xrn would. And if she had a single flaw, it was that she didn’t know other species as he did. He had heard of her trying to convince Erin. Everything Klbkch understood of Erin told him Xrn’s offering thousands of gold pieces to Erin wouldn’t work.
Yet here they were. And more Antinium stood in the Hive.
Silent Antinium. Their forms were the most alien, along with that of the Flying Antinium. They had scythes for arms—their cutting power unmatched. And their bodies were blending with the dirt walls, camouflaging automatically.
The Free Antinium stared at these…strangers. As foreign to them as Antinium were to regular people. They had no idea that Antinium could be like this. That they were the same people was…odd.
“Yes. It will take some getting used to. The Antinium must fight together. The Hives are always separate. But this will be a beginning. I have a plan to strengthen the Free Hive.”
Xrn struck the ground lightly. And Tersk shifted. Pivr moved his wings, uncertain, and the Prognugator of the Silent Antinium adjusted her posture. Xrn was supporting the Free Hive. It was unsettling the other Hives.
But the Free Antinium had much to offer. Xrn waved her staff.
“Come. We do not have time to waste.”
 
—-
 
A few minutes later, the Free Queen inspected the pair of Flying Antinium standing before her. And the collection of bodies on the floor.
“Armored Antinium. Two corpses of Silent Antinium. And—a variety of forms from the Flying Queen.”
Corpses. They had been brought via bags of holding. And they were neatly arranged.
Pivr, Tersk, Dekass, and the Silent Antinium’s Prognugator, Xeu, stood in front of her. They were presenting their offerings. They had come once before—not Xeu, but just a few of the regular Silent Antinium to inspect the Hive.
That time they had been rude, condescending. This time—they offered gifts. Oh, how the fortunes changed. And partly, mostly, because of Bird.
“Gifts, Free Queen of the Antinium. These forms the Silent Queen presents. For your study. Dissection.”
Xeu spoke. She was well-crafted. The Silent Queen, the best shaper among the Queens, had put a lot of effort into her form. The Free Queen saw any number of improvements. She nodded slowly.
“The gift is well-received. And the corpses from the other queens?”
For her to study and learn from. Tersk and Dekass bowed their heads.
“Likewise, Free Queen. We also present armor for your Painted Antinium.”
“Yes. For the Soldiers. It will be used. The Armored Queen is generous. But what of these living Antinium? Pivr. Speak.”
The Prognugator of the Flying Antinium spoke.
“These are her Majesty’s exceedingly generous gifts—”
He broke off as a cart trundled past him. The Flying Antinium, his body elongated, closer to quadruped than bipedal, with long wings—recoiled as a Worker slowly moved forwards.
Garry. He was pushing a cart.
“I have snacks for the guests. Acid fly tarts, a sour soup—”
“They may partake of it later, Garry.”
The Free Queen saw all the other Prognugator’s heads turning as Garry nodded and began setting up a table. Xeu’s mandibles opened and closed. Tersk and Dekass looked excited. Pivr just stared. After a moment, he went on.
“The Flying Queen has sent not only her numerous forms to study, Free Queen, but two of our brood. Here.”
