7.19
Page 20
[Peace of the Wild]. They felt Mrsha’s intent. And shot out of the hole. Numbtongue backed up fast as they descended on the barrel. The bees began to feast on the sugary water. But there was too much of it for them to carry.
“Pour it into the cave? No good.”
The [Bard] cursed as he saw the bees trying to lift the incredibly heavy barrel. They did not want the hole in the cave to remain long! Already—the enemy was coming, sensing the opening.
Mrsha stared into the cave. She saw something moving—a flash of light as an Ashfire Bee ignited and burned it away. Cracks in the cave. She shuddered, then pointed.
“Barrel? I can’t lower it. With a rope?”
The Hobgoblin frowned. Mrsha looked at the bees, covering the barrel. She slapped her forehead with one paw.
Another barrel! They’d pour it into barrels from the ceiling! The Hobgoblin cursed as he realized she was right. He ran back into the inn as Mrsha anxiously stood guard.
“Numbtongue, where are you going with that barrel…?”
Lyonette spotted Numbtongue as he rolled one out of the basement. The Hobgoblin froze.
“…Need it for mining?”
“Oh? Well…have you seen Mrsha? I’m wondering if she’s up to mischief—”
The [Princess] saw a white shape flash into the common room. Mrsha, panting, smiling innocently, grabbed her magic ball. Lyonette saw her raise it.
“Mrsha…don’t you dare throw—”
The Gnoll hurled the ball as hard as she could. She brained one of the Players of Celum. Lyonette chased after Mrsha.
“You’re in big trouble, missy!”
Apista took to the air again. Now, two of the Bee Rescue Team were down. And the third pillar of the team, Numbtongue, lowered two barrels into the cave. The bees actually moved them upright. And Numbtongue poured the sugar-water into the opening.
It was done. Messy, disorganized, and with two timeouts—but it was done. Numbtongue lay, panting in the hallway as he switched the magic door back to Liscor. Mrsha, pretending to apologize and be sorry, raised one ear as the Hobgoblin poked his head into the common room.
He raised a single thumb and nodded at them. Apista, tethered by a piece of string to the windowsill in her timeout, saluted with one antenna. Mrsha beamed, and then went back to being scolded.
Mission accomplished. The bees had their food. The queen was already making room for more larvae. And the brave Bee Rescue Team’s heroics might go unnoticed by all but the bees, but that was their job.
“Honestly. I don’t know what gets into you all sometimes.”
Lyonette sighed. Erin Solstice walked back into her inn and yawned.
“Hey, I’m back! What’s with all the fuss?”
“Erin! You just missed Mrsha and Apista making a fuss. I think we need to send them to the Strongheart’s farm to run about. Can you take them?”
“Sure! I delivered my sandwich.”
“You mean, that abomination? Wait—do you think it’ll sell tonight?”
“Sure! I’ll make another. Relc’ll buy it. Hey, Numbtongue. Why are you all sweaty?”
“Barrels.”
The Hobgoblin sat at a table. He wanted lunch. Erin looked at him.
“Barrels? Uh—okay then. Barrels to you too. What did you do, Mrsha? Let me just make some cookies to replenish our stocks and then I’ll take you to Wailant and Viceria’s! You can run about all day there!”
She walked into the kitchen. The Bee Rescue Team heard Erin rummaging about. Then she went into the basement.
“Lyonette? Why are we out of sugar?”
The bee, the Goblin, and Mrsha looked at each other. They casually got up and strolled, or flew into the Garden of Sanctuary. If they had sunglasses, they’d have put them on.
Their work here was done.
