7.19
Page 2
But they’d already been introduced. Xrn nodded to Drassi.
“I would like to speak to Innkeeper Erin Solstice, again. Drassi of the Drakes. Is she here?”
Drassi looked around.
“She just was. I think she’ll be about.”
“Hmm.”
Xrn swept her gaze across the inn. She stared into the Garden of Sanctuary and Lyonette saw her eyes flash white for a moment. The gemstone of her staff glittered. It was some fine-cut, purple-and-green gemstone that shifted from color to color. It hovered in the center of floating fragments of wood, forming a loose circle around it.
The Antinium turned her head, inspecting the Garden of Sanctuary although she made no move for the door. Searching. 
The [Princess] folded the newspaper, and handed it to Numbtongue as she made her way into the kitchen. She looked around, heard the breathing from the oven and opened it.
Erin stared at Lyonette. She had folded herself into the oven. She slowly raised one finger and put it to her lips. Lyonette put her hands on her hips, exasperated.
“Are you hiding in the oven?”
“Yes. Is she gone?”
“No. She wants you. Erin.”
The young woman waved her hands urgently.
“Don’t say my name! Don’t—”
“Hello, Erin Solstice. Is this some new game? Or custom? You must show it to me.”
Xrn the Small Queen appeared in the kitchen’s opening. Lyonette turned. Erin slowly pulled the door of the oven up.
But it was no use. In moments, Erin, a bit sooty and cramped, sat nervously at a table as Drassi put down a plate of benedict eggs in front of Xrn, on an English muffin. The Antinium’s eyes lit up with pleasure, which was pink in this case. She ate, happily chewing the eggs.
“Oh, they are different than normal eggs. How wonderful.”
“That’s the sauce. Glad you like them…Xrn?”
Erin watched the female Antinium eating the muffins, gluten, without issue. Xrn spoke as she savored each bite.
“I have come once again. Have you given any thought to my offers?”
The [Innkeeper] squirmed in her seat. The Small Queen regarded her.
“Well…I mean, I’d like to, Xrn. And you helping with the, um, Hive is great. Klbkch was really mad. And I get you’re in charge, now, but…”
“Is there some issue with my requests?”
Erin twiddled her fingers.
“…No? But it’s just sort of…big. I mean, I’ll totally agree to the stuff with the food. But everything else?”
She looked at Xrn. The Small Queen had come three days ago. And she had changed the Free Antinium. Klbkch, who had been driven to a rage Erin had never seen before was—dealt with.
No one had died. The Antinium had been welcomed back into their Hive. Klbkch had even taken a vacation from the Watch; he was no longer in charge of the Free Antinium, and Erin understood that this was only the beginning of the changes to the Hive. Big ones had begun.
And Xrn had sought Erin out. Not in an aggressive way, but she had come to the inn over the last three days. And but for the moment with Saliss, she had been welcoming—even playful with Mrsha. She was respectful, loved Erin’s food and seemed to appreciate all of the Antinium.
And yet—the Small Queen regarded Erin over her food as she raised another bite to her face.
“What will you refuse, Erin Solstice? By all means, tell me any objections and I will do my utmost to rectify them. Is cost an issue? I will double your price.”
Lyonette’s head snapped up. Erin winced.
“No, it’s not that. It’s so—sudden? I mean, some of it—why me?”
The Centenium folded her two arms. And she had only two. She smiled again and her eyes lit up with a multitude of colors. She was fascinating to Erin. And yet.
