7.19
Page 17
Bees. But—reduced in number. Angry. The Gnoll solemnly placed her paw on the stone and looked at Numbtongue, pleadingly. The Hobgoblin eyed the stone. His posture changed.
“Magic wall. Not bad.”
Pyrite authoritatively knocked on the stone. He looked at Mrsha.
“Angry bees. Need to prepare this. Here.”
He scaled up the cave’s entrance. In his precious time, the [Chieftain] analyzed the stone cave. He dismissed going through the front at once; the stone was too thick. He found a weak point on the roof of the cave, instead.
“Here. Dig. And here—”
Dirt and stones flew as the Goldstone Chieftain dug like a maniac. He was fast! And he had allotted all of his minute and five seconds to the most efficient work.
When he vanished, Numbtongue found himself patting Mrsha’s head. The Gnoll was covered in dirt. And she was grinning. He hefted his shovel and kept digging.
Pyrite was smart. He had a plan. And it involved two things.
First—he’d marked the hole in the cave’s roof for Numbtongue to tunnel through. He’d even estimated the time it would take to breach a hole. And when that moment came—the bees would be angry.
So he’d also begun digging a hole for Mrsha and Numbtongue to dive into. They’d be shielded from bees and even be able to breathe. Now that was smart work. Numbtongue put his back into the digging. When it had met Pyrite’s internal standards, he waved to Mrsha.
“Get in hole.”
She refused. She clambered up onto the cave’s roof. She was the [Druid]. Obviously, she had to be there. She could make the bees—less angry. Numbtongue scowled, but he could toss the Blast vial into the ceiling or use the potions Octavia had given them if he couldn’t dive with her to safety.
“Fine. You stand there.”
He raised the pick and brought it down into the loose stone and dirt. It was hard work, but in between the [Bard]’s swings, Mrsha would scramble forwards with Apista and clear the rubble. She even tried to dig with him. She made a magical thorn on her paw and hit the ground energetically, if not exactly helpfully.
“New spell?”
Mrsha shrugged. She watched as Numbtongue dug lower, creating a breach in the cave’s roof.
She could hear the bees. In her head. They had sensed the tunneling. And they were very angry. Mrsha began looking at the emergency hole. Numbtongue wiped sweat from his brow.
“Two more strikes. One—two—”
The ceiling caved in a bit. Apista fluttered forwards. And Mrsha saw darkness. Light streamed down into the bee’s cave. They looked up.
And then Mrsha heard the thrumming. Numbtongue paused, pick poised to widen the hole. He backed up.
The cave was filled with beating wings. Like distant thunder. And rage—Mrsha saw the Hobgoblin whirl. His hand went to his belt as, inside, hundreds of dark shapes moved, streaming for the hole.
Yet—no! Mrsha leapt. She tackled Numbtongue’s belt as the Goblin poised to throw. He cursed, grabbing at her, preparing to dive off the roof. And then he saw them.
The bees! They swarmed upwards, pressing against the small hole in their prison. Freedom. Freedom.
But—Mrsha and Numbtongue, about to leap, saw something. The bees were pressing against the roof of the cave. Pulling dirt and stones upwards.
Blocking the hole. Numbtongue stared. Mrsha’s jaw dropped. Didn’t they want to be free? Apista flew around the hole, urgently. And Mrsha—sensed something.
 
Fury. Thousands of minds, working in concert. The queen of the Ashfire Bees was raging. They all were. But not against Mrsha, or Numbtongue, or Apista, or their prison.
