7.19
Page 11
The Dwarf nearly snorted some of the sandwich out his nose. He coughed.
“Least you’re honest. So—what?”
“Mm. Tell me about your forge, first. This is amazing.”
“Why? I’m hiring apprentices and I added a few new additions. What—the anvils? That’s just protective magic and to help with the forging. These idiots—Pallass knows how to do a lot with steel, but they don’t know magical forging. I’d have been better off going to Chandrar or Baleros for that.”
The Dwarf’s voice carried. Bealt frowned as he investigated the other half of the sandwich. Pelt raised a hammer.
“I don’t think you can eat it all. Maybe share?”
Erin opined. The Dwarf eyed the sandwich and his stomach.
“Generous, aren’t you? Fine, give the food away. It’s not mine and it is…good.”
A grudging compliment. Erin beamed. Bealt grabbed the sandwich half and raced off with it. Half a dozen Gnolls pursued him. Erin idly watched as Pelt kept eating.
“So—do you feel better, then?”
“After you shamed me into remembering my craft? Guess. I’d rather jump off the 9th, but since I already thought about that years ago, I guess I have to actually work.”
The Dwarf put down his sandwich. Erin stopped kicking her feet.
“I’m sorry.”
“For what? If I wasn’t ashamed, staring at your little cold flame wouldn’t have done a thing. Nor will I thank you. Since that damn cold flame might have lured all the Frost Wyverns here.”
The young woman paled. The Dwarf laughed and slapped his chest at the expression on her face.
“Hah! Got you! Anyways, if you’re just guilty, you can fuck off. What else did you want?”
He was rather like…Ivolethe. That was what Erin thought. And Pelt was still Pelt. Rough around the edges didn’t begin to describe him.
And yet, Erin liked him. His wounded heart shone brighter to her than Xrn’s deathly convictions. And—she took a breath.
“So you’re forging magic? Magic metal, I mean, like Grasgil?”
“That’s right. I have the knowing and I was banished, not forbidden. Hah—as if they could forbid us. Better slaughter us all. Pallass has a lot of steel-knowledge. Little of adamantium or greater metals. I’ll be forging magical blades. If I could stop these idiots from stealing everything!”
The Dwarf cursed and pointed. Maughin ducked his head back into his forge. So did half a dozen other [Smiths]. Erin grinned.
“Well, they’re curious. And you are a master?”
“Thieves is what they are. I’m almost tempted to smith one of the alloys and watch them kill themselves as it explodes on them. Or melts through their anvils. But—ah. Why am I telling you this? I’ll manage. And if I can’t go home, I can at least rule Pallass. Is any of my metal ready?”
The Dwarf snatched up a hammer. Emessa hurried over with a rough shape forged out of silver. Pelt eyed it and, with his hammer alone, began to delicately refine it. Erin realized he was looking at—a horn? But not a horn as in warhorn. A…
“I’ll live on damn mundane craft. Like this. Some Wistram nonsense. What’s this, a brass horn, only silver? Get me the drawing!”
Emessa already had it. Erin stared at a euphonium. Pelt scratched his head as he stared at the inner workings.
“Yeah. It’ll be a pain to shape. Appr—Emessa! Get me tubes this big. I’ll refine.”
He held up his fingers and his apprentice hurried back to continue work. Casually, stopping to heat the silver or whatever alloy he was using, Pelt continued working as he shouted at Erin.
“Thieves are the worst! But magic-forging isn’t easy to steal! Besides—Pallass is paying me, so where else can I perform my art?”
