7.19
Page 16
The bee fluttered up. Mrsha watched Apista attacking Numbtongue for his cigar. She needed her fix. He fended her off, cursing as she threatened to attack him with her enhanced stinger. But Mrsha waved her paws for the Goblin’s attention.
“Bad thing! Bad thing! Must help!”
She signed with her paws. Instantly, the Goblin stopped avoiding the bee. He handed the cigar off and squatted down.
Erin and Lyonette weren’t good at Mrsha-language. But Numbtongue and Bird were.
“What bad thing? Monsters?”
“No. Apista sad. Bad cave. Go. Fix!”
Mrsha pointed urgently at the bee. Numbtongue frowned.
“Bad cave? Oh. Bees. Sealed inside. Dying?”
She nodded urgently. And something else. Numbtongue hesitated. He glanced at Apista.
“Bees are dangerous.”
And yet—both looked at Apista. She had lit the cigar, turning her body to flame for a moment. And the bee sadly smoked as she carried the cigar butt through the air. Look at her. And Mrsha looked up pleadingly at Numbtongue.
The Hobgoblin thought. Then he looked around. He made a quick calculation, and then nodded surreptitiously.
“Make the Garden door go to my room?”
Mrsha raced over to the door. She was best at using it besides Erin. The doorway’s entrance appeared in Numbtongue’s room. He walked into it. Came out with a pickaxe, and shovel. Mrsha watched, anxiously.
Numbtongue nodded to himself. He began to walk towards the door and stairs—and then he looked back. He saw Mrsha anxiously holding the smoking bee in her paws.
And this was where the Hobgoblin differed from Erin and Lyonette. He walked back over to his window instead. Opened it. He climbed out onto the roof. And then he waved at Mrsha.
“Coming?”
The white Gnoll grinned. She leapt out the window and onto the roof. The Worker Antinium saw the Hobgoblin sliding down the roof. He leapt off, and then caught the Gnoll. They ran for it, out of view of the windows.
And thus, the Bee Rescue Team was formed. They had one mission: rescuing bees. They charged down the hill, Apista flying overhead, leading the way. And Mrsha felt the bee’s joy. Because she sensed Mrsha’s intent. Numbtongue jogged after them, carrying his guitar on his back, the pickaxe, a sword at his side, a shovel as well—he’d forgotten his armor. But it was heavy.
The bee cave was a ways away from the inn. At least an hour’s walk. Lyonette used to have to tromp through the snow for ages with the sled. Mrsha soon grew tired of galloping up and down hills.
Also—Numbtongue made her walk with him.
“Watch for spider nests. See? There. There. And Rock Crabs over there.”
The Hobgoblin was a good teacher in things that needed to be taught. Like Relc, he didn’t believe in safety. Safety was an illusion. So he showed Mrsha as they walked how to best spot the pitfall traps the Shield Spiders made. And he showed Mrsha how to look.
She thought she knew how to look. She was a Plains Gnoll, after all! But she was a young one. And Numbtongue was like a seasoned [Hunter]. He kept his head on a swivel, and Mrsha copied him. He even spotted the skunk den before she smelled them and led her well away from them.
The bee cave was like the image in Apista’s head. Only—different. The bee had flown around it many times from the outside. Mrsha, with her different eyes, saw it as the cave opening—blocked by a wall of sheer stone.
Moore’s work. He had sealed the cave to save his friends. And in doing so—he had condemned the Ashfire Bee Hive within to death. He had not thought of it that way.
But Mrsha was a [Druid], not a [Green Mage]. She sensed them within.
