7.19
Page 25
The other adventurers nodded. The Raskghar, one of the threats of the dungeon hadn’t been completely wiped out after the battle with them. But they’d been forced back. At first, the adventurers had suffered counterattacks on full moons.
However, the Raskghar patrols had become far weaker. And these ones—
One of the Raskghar had a festering wound it hadn’t taken during the fighting. Earlia felt her nose and stomach protesting as she got closer.
“Hey, Captain! I said—”
“I heard you, Timgal. Shut it. I think…I think I just found some treasure.”
The rest of Gemhammer looked up sharply as Earlia bent. On the Raskghar’s finger, amid the fur was a glint of metal.
A band of gold, and something shining blue. Earlia recognized it.
“Damn me. That’s high-quality sapphire right there.”
Someone had expertly inlaid it with the gold. Earlia’s heart pounded as she reached down.
“Knife.”
Instantly, Blaik produced one. He put it into her hand and she sawed at the finger. Grisly. But the finger came off.
So did the ring. Earlia was almost sure it wasn’t cursed. Her team stared.
“Is it enchanted, Captain?”
“I think so. Remember how this one came at us? It had something on its fur. Like armor made of water. This might—be an armor enchantment. We’ll have to get it tested, but—search the other bodies!”
A magic ring. The others instantly investigated the corpses. Carefully—holding cloths over their noses and avoiding touching the sores or other marks of infection. Earlia was going to wash herself three times when she got out of the dungeon and make her team do the same. She pulled at the ring.
There was another exclamation.
“This Raskghar has a bunch of gemstones in the bag! Captain!”
“What!?”
A woman turned. Fea waved the bag at the others.
“All of em cut! It looks like they pulled them off the walls. See? It’s got a bit of masonry here. And—dead gods! They’re high-quality!”
“Nailren! We’ve found treasure!”
Earlia shouted eagerly. The Gnoll team covering their backs while the dead were searched turned. Nailren called out.
“Really? What?”
“Magical ring! Bag of gemstones—”
“And a knife! Looks enchanted!”
Shrapnel found a knife in one of the Raskghar’s hands. Earlia whistled. If they hadn’t been so uncharacteristically weak, they might have done a lot of damage.
“That settles it. We’re getting out of here! We’re making for the entrance! Nailren, we’ve hit the jackpot!”
A quiet cheer went up from both teams. Earlia was grinning—until she heard one of her teammates cough. She whirled—and saw Blaik grinning.
“Just a prank, Captain.”
“Stow that shit! Or we’ll leave you behind! We’re going to scrub ourselves clean with soap and get checked at the [Healer]!”
The rest of Gemhammer punched the former [Miner], enraged by the prank. Blaik threw up his hands.
“It’s just a joke!”
“Quiet! We’re not behind the barricades yet.”
Nailren had to order Earlia’s team to be quiet. But his Gnolls were excited too. Earlia shushed her team as he took point, leading them back the way they’d come. This was amazing. Her heart was pounding. It was actually the gemstones that were worth the most at the moment. The ring might be valuable, and so might the knife, but they were two objects and Earlia’s entire team—and Nailren’s—had a claim to the treasure.
But those gems were fat and high-quality! They’d more than justify a week of adventuring. And—
The two teams were nearly back at the barricades. And perhaps they’d let their guards down. That was when most adventurers died. It wasn’t the first ambush that got you.
