7.19
Page 21
And in the darkness, the bees fought against the things coming up. The things that did not belong. They came, squirming through the cracks.
From the dungeon.
 
[Druid Level 7!]
[Skill – Ambient Mana Gatherer obtained!]
 
—-
 
The Free Antinium’s Hive was in the midst of change. And that was not a superficial word.
“For me?”
Belgrade stared at the necklace. It shone. And when he touched it—his body blurred. A few fake Belgrades appeared.
“A Locket of Mirror Images. Yes. This is yours. And you will take other artifacts as needed. You, Anand. This wand is for you. And for you…”
Pawn stood in the Painted Antinium’s barracks. He was handing out magical items. The other Antinium were staring in awe at the illusory Belgrades. But Pawn had more magical items.
“They are for us? And this ring…”
Yellow Splatters tried it on. The ring should not have fit his hands; it had been too small. But it fit on, perfectly.  Pawn nodded.
“Two artifacts for each Individual. That is what Xrn has promised me. You are all allowed one defensive artifact and an offensive one. Good ones, not disposable wands like before.”
“For us? But the cost of each item must be…”
“What cost? You are all Antinium capable of leveling. This is the least that should be afforded to you.”
A voice. The Antinium turned. And Xrn stood in front of them. Her eyes shone with pleasure. Pawn looked past her, at a figure who stood at ease.
Klbkch. He didn’t object to Xrn passing out the Hive’s treasures. A few of the other Antinium following Xrn did, though.
“These are not Prognugators. This is a waste of resources. I object, Prognugator Xrn—”
The azure Antinium raised her staff threateningly. Pivr flinched. He and the other foreign Antinium watched as Pawn handed Purple Smiles his necklace. The Small Queen smiled as the other Antinium looked at her.
“Be silent, Pivr. The power to level was rare even among the Antinium of old. It is worth safeguarding. And each one is precious. Not that someone seemed to understand this.”
She looked at Klbkch and raised her staff. The other Centenium didn’t flinch.
“It was my determination, Xrn. Erin Solstice was capable of making more, and the discipline issues—”
“Fool.”
Xrn brought down her staff on Klbkch’s head. She shook her head.
“We cannot expect the same Antinium. Discipline? Perhaps that is what makes Individuals. They are closer to Centenium than regular true Antinium. The Centenium disobeyed because they were made to think autonomously.”
Klbkch stirred at the comparison.
“They are not—”
His mandibles snapped shut as Xrn threatened to hit him with her staff again. The Small Queen turned her head.
“Erin Solstice will accommodate some patrols. And all Antinium will visit her inn. We may have to bring the Silent Antinium and other varieties to her inn…carefully. Perhaps with illusion spells. The Armored Antinium will serve for now, without their armor. Dekass, Tersk, you are in charge of that.”
She nodded. The two Prognugators bowed. Pawn stared at Xrn. She was radiant. And she was giving the Hive everything he had wanted.
“Prognugator Xrn. What will we do, the Painted Antinium?”
She smiled, raising her mandibles.
“Some will go to other Hives. They will be needed. Perhaps you, Pawn. As emissaries in turn. But the Hives are joined. There are—issues affecting some. Battles to be fought. You will be deployed, but you must live. To level. To become stronger.”
The Antinium stirred, hearing her words. Seeing Xrn look at them. For the Small Queen was inspirational. She cared.
