7.19
Page 4
Xrn even asked. She walked into the garden. And her eyes shone as green and vibrantly as the grass, mixed with the clear blue of the skies. Like magic.
“How beautiful. Look at the power of it. And you have shown me your magical fire. It is, like my magic, a power not known to [Mages] or Antinium. A different sort of power. Please, Erin Solstice. I will send the Antinium to you. Give them your strength. We have need of it.”
The young [Innkeeper] saw Xrn glance over her shoulder. Even in this—Erin felt so strongly for Xrn. She whispered.
“I’ll try. But I don’t know what I do. I just—care.”
“Yes. You, among others, care when the other species do not. And that makes Antinium Individual. Do so. I will send the Silent Antinium, the Flying, and Armored Antinium to you. Excuse their faults. Even Pivr’s. And in return—give them Individuality. Allow them to level. Give them your power as Pawn and Belgrade and the others have. They must have it.”
The Small Queen stood in the garden. And she raised her staff towards the sunlight streaming through the ceiling. Her voice was so fond, so—almost motherly, or perhaps like a big sister’s, so affectionate, Erin nearly forgot. But then—the Small Queen went on.
“And I have heard of your power. The—coincidences. Can you find me a ship? Allies to crew it, perhaps?”
“A ship?”
The Small Queen looked at Erin. She nodded.
“If it is within your power. The people you know. Find us allies? I will reward every endeavor, every action of good faith, Erin Solstice. As I told you, here—you may name your boon. Will you not take the Free Antinium’s gold? We have enough to build your inn a hundred times over. I would give you ten thousand gold pieces if you would accept them.”
Her eyes glinted. And a bit of red, purple, and black—the color, swimming amid her eyes.
“A hundred thousand pieces if you can create in one of the Antinium a change like that of Pawn’s. He will be a glorious leader. He can heal. Even block Klbkch. Yes, we need him. We need your power. The Antinium must be powerful. Our foes are mighty. I would have an army of eight hundred thousand Painted Antinium at the least. And they would be unmatched save for  the True Antinium’s power.”
And there it was. Darkness floating amid her eyes. She turned her head.
“War is coming, Erin Solstice. Turn the Antinium into a blade. You have reservations—but I will give you what you wish. Do you wish me to enchant your inn? I have the magic for it.”
Erin Solstice looked at her. And she saw it in Xrn again, the same as when she’d met. And every time Xrn had visited.
Klbkch was one thing. Flawed, kindly—somehow a dangerous killer and her old friend at the same time. But Xrn?
She scared Erin out of her wits. Because she didn’t hide what she was. Erin licked her dry lips.
“Enchant my inn…?”
“Of course. I am Xrn. My magic is not the same as that of the three [Mages] under your roof. But I have my own enchantments. I will render each you require. Ask. If you wish me to enchant your walls—I will do so. Would you like them stronger? With the power to attack back?”
“You can do that? Just do that?”
The Small Queen turned her head.
“Naturally. I am unique as all the Centenium are. I was made for magic. And unlike Klbkch, my form remains. I am specialized, Erin Solstice. Ask and if it is within my power or that of the Antinium, it will be done.”
Erin did not. She looked at Xrn. She took a breath.
