7.19
Page 31
“On that day, over half of the Centenium marched with our First Queen, who created us. The closest being to perfection in this world. The highest level any Antinium ever achieved. Over half of us, and I was strong then as I am now. And we were wiped out to the last.”
Her eyes were swimming black. A single spark of silver shone in the depths, like some moving pupil. Xrn looked up. And her staff rose and the dungeon’s ceiling shook as she cast a spell upwards.
“So level. And let us take back our home. That is why I am here. Level—and—”
She looked at Pawn. And her eyes began to return to normal. Something like playfulness emerged in her voice.
“Perhaps we will find the key to the death of our foe here after all. Let us go back, Pawn. And you will conjure more of this delightful bread for me.”
The Small Queen turned away. And the dungeon shook. Facestealer fled. The armored guardians had been humbled. But they were just guardians.
Lesser ones.
Yet, the Small Queen walked in radiance and remembered glory. Bringing change to the Antinium. Preparing for the war that had never stopped for her.
 
—-
 
That was the end of the most ordinary, uneventful sort of day. With nothing but the quiet boredom, the passing of days.
It was not as interesting as the events the world took note of. And it passed into evening. The end, with nothing to remark on.
The Dwarf turned over the mithril coin in his fingers and thought of how hard it would be to move, the benefits of such things.
The Ashfire Bees fought in the darkness, given life by the little Druid.
Apista got high just because she wanted to, and not because she was depressed.
Montressa and Bezale discovered just how much gold was going to the Golden Triangle and got a bit more worried as they filed their reports.
The Antinium followed the Small Queen as she sat in Erin’s inn and introduced some of the Armored Antinium to the young woman. Erin in turn introduced the Meat Supreme Sub to the world and Relc.
Bird daydreamed of the time he’d flown.
And Garry had two new assistants he was teaching how to mix dough to, who followed their savior, their champion, and looked at him like he looked at Erin.
Small things. And the last of these unrelated events began with a horse, carrying a young woman. Her hair was black and red, like embers amid darkness.
She had reached a city. And the sprawling metropolis made her smile, as she dismounted. People stared, for the young [Lady] caught the eye.
She burned, like the last spark in the darkness. Brightest, before it went out. Lady Maviola El fell into line with the people entering Invrisil, the City of Adventurers. She had little gold, only a few possessions, and three vials of worth beyond compare.
On a last adventure. As she waited, along one of the many gates leading towards the city, she wondered what the future held. She saw a [Farmer], bringing in food for the city’s many shops and places of business. And a group fell in behind her, arguing noisily.
“They’re going to shoot all of us. Ksmvr, don’t you dare say anything. Leave the talking to us.”
“Yes, Captain Ceria.”
“Leave the talking to me. You mean, oh glorious Captain.”
“No way. Remember what happened last time?”
“Last time you said ‘let’s all have a second helping of eggs! It can’t hurt!’ Which is why we’re so late!”
“Pisces. Don’t talk to me about the eggs. Otherwise it’s gonna come out again. I still feel sick. And I don’t know which end it’s coming out—Ksmvr, hand me your Amulet of Food Poisoning.”
“Yes, Captain Ceria.”
“All three of you, stay away from me. You’re all a disgrace to adventurers.”
