7.19
Page 28
“Spit acid! Wear them down!”
Pivr chittered as his group swarmed forwards. Some of the Flying Antinium were spitting venom or acidic liquids. The globules burst among a group of Face-Eater Moths filling a tunnel. And the Silent Antinium had beheaded a group of Raskghar without the powerful not-Gnolls even so much as striking a blow.
Tactics. Utility. Yellow Splatters saw how each Antinium group filled the weaknesses of the others. And the Painted Antinium—Pawn was healing one of the wounded Soldiers who had a chunk missing from his armor. And Yellow Splatters himself ran at a suit of enchanted armor and knocked it flying.
However, even this wouldn’t have been enough. The dungeon was coming alive. And a wave of Shield Spiders barreled down one tunnel. So many that they would have smashed even the Antinium. But today, the Antinium weren’t alone.
“[Motionless Vortex]. Klbkchhezeim. Will you take care of them?”
“It would be my pleasure.”
The Shield Spiders hit something in the air. Something that stopped their momentum, even the giant Shield Spider pushing the rest. And the Shield Spiders saw a figure, standing in the tunnel.
Alone. Slimmer than the rest. And he had two silvery swords. Klbkch spoke.
“[Recaptured Sublimity].”
He disappeared. The first ranks of Shield Spiders did too. Klbkch’s swords flashed in an arc. Silver afterimages. He began cutting the Shield Spiders apart. The floor began to run with yellow ichor. And the Shield Spiders realized the flaw in their wave-tactics.
They couldn’t run.
“How beautiful. He has something of his past power.”
Xrn watched as Klbkch advanced and the Shield Spiders began to scream. She turned her head as a [Tactician] spoke timidly.
“Centenium Xrn—we have secured eight tunnels so far. Your orders?”
“Begin your fortifications, Belgrade. Set up your traps at the choke points, as we discussed. I will continue leading the advance.”
The Small Queen raised her staff. Lights bloomed along the tunnels, dazzling her enemies. But her allies just saw the gentle light, illuminating the darkness.
She had ordered the attack into the dungeon. The Small Queen walked forwards as another Antinium found her.
“Centenium—”
“You may call me ‘Aunt’, Anand.”
The azure Antinium corrected the [Tactician] mildly. Anand hesitated.
“There is a push from the west. Facestealer and hundreds of the enchanted armor. They are filling two tunnels. Should we fall back?”
“Why? Belgrade must set up his traps. After all—I intend to set up our fortifications in the dungeon. Far better to fight on enemy grounds. And the tunnels are impossible to breach. All we must do is push them back.”
The [Tactician] knew this made sense. But Anand opened and closed his mandibles.
“Yet the dungeon’s opposition is powerful—”
“And? Stay here with Klbkchhezeim. I will deal with this Facestealer. And the armor.”
“Alone?”
The Small Queen walked past ranks of Antinium. She smiled. And her eyes lit up. Rosy red and blooming silver.
“I am never alone. And there is one thing you do not understand, Anand. Klbkchhezeim has lost his levels and his form. We Centenium were never of the highest level to begin with, though.”
“Why?”
Anand saw Xrn turn. And her staff began to glow. The Centenium replied as she walked down the hallway.
“Because our bodies were made too well. Our foes were too easy. I was made for magic. Do you think the Centenium were just a word? Watch.”
She came to a corridor that split into two. And there, coming down the hallways was a line of metal. Hundreds of suits of armor, animated to defend this place. Overrunning the Antinium falling back.
