7.19
Page 8
Erin Solstice waved to Montressa and Beza. The two [Mages] nodded and walked off, already headed for the Merchant’s Guild.
The [Innkeeper] on the other hand? She went about her mission. And yes—she was pulling a Xrn in her own way, but Erin didn’t like thinking of it like that. She just had her…network.
“Hey, Lorent! How’s my favorite [Sharpener]? Want a cookie? I keep meaning to thank you for finding my knife…”
Erin paused by a familiar stall and chatted with a Dullahan. He was only too happy to run her kitchen knife across his sharpening stone and chat for a moment. Just for a moment, but she headed onwards.
The young woman was beginning to know more of the city. She had plans to explore even further—but for now she headed to the nearest elevator.
“Ninth floor, please!”
She cheerfully called out with the other people waiting. The elevator attendant  glanced at Erin. His eyes widened.
“Are you the Human? The one with Bird the—”
“Nope! You must have me confused! Us Humans all look alike!”
Erin waved her hands urgently. And soon, she was strolling across the 9th floor. She passed by forges and [Smiths] called out to her. Somehow, in a city of millions, they knew her. Even, or especially the high-level ones! Waiting clients and Street Runners blinked as Erin waved and crossed the hammering forges.
“Is that Bealt? Have a cookie! Sorry, special delivery. Is Pelt working today? He is? Where—oh, right by Maughin again! Thanks!”
Erin trotted over to the safety-line and then hurried over to a forge. She saw a huge Dullahan look up.
“Miss Solstice? What brings you here?”
“Maughin! Hey! Want a cookie?”
That was Erin’s line for the day. The [Armorer] was only too glad to chat, but he was a bit busy so he only gave Erin the briefest of greetings.
“It’s a busy day. I will have to work hard to make it back to spend time with Jelaqua, Erin. So forgive me my brusqueness.”
“She’s back? That’s great! You lucky dog, you!”
The Dullahan gave Erin a blank look as one of his apprentices held out his head.
“I am not a dog. But yes, I am happy. The Halfseekers were on the television, actually.”
“What? What? Seborn? No way! I’ll ask Rufelt and Lasica to show me! I should buy a scrying orb! Wait. Who’s calling it television?”
“Wistram. Why are you here, Miss Erin?”
The young woman gestured at the basket, warming in the heat from the forges.
“I’m looking for Pelt. Is he here?”
“Right there.”
Maughin pointed left. Erin blinked.
“But that forge is full!”
Indeed, the forge had no less than six people working in it, none of them Dwarf-sized. And they were busy moving the anvils, clustering around…Erin squinted. She walked over and stared.
“No way. Pelt?”
The Dwarf looked up from the circle of apprentices and junior [Smiths] hanging on his words. And ‘junior’ was a relative term. Erin saw a [Blacksmith] in his forties hurrying off with Pelt’s apprentice, Emessa. Erin blinked after them. And then she saw Pelt.
He scowled at her.
“It’s you again. Grandfather’s beards, what do you want? Stay away from my fire! And stand over there! They’re moving the anvils and if they drop it on your foot, I’m not paying for it!”
He waved his hammer at Erin. She backed off obediently and saw a group of [Smiths] lugging over an anvil. Which was impressive given that anvils at their lightest were nearly a hundred pounds and could go up to five hundred pounds in an ordinary forge.
And Pallass did not have ordinary forges. These anvils needed special stands to even withstand the impact and weight. But Pelt was moving his.
