7.19
Page 29
And Facestealer. Plucking the heads off a squad of Painted Antinium and regular Soldiers who lay helpless.
Xrn’s eyes flashed. Facestealer looked up.
“So. You are this Facestealer who has killed so many of my people. And you are the defenders of this place. Come. You pathetic things.”
The guardian of the dungeon straightened. It walked at Xrn. The suits of armor began to charge. The Centenium held her ground. She pointed at the hallway filled by the army of magical constructs and spoke a spell. Then she turned and looked at Facestealer.
“[The Bindings of Belavierr].”
Glowing lines of light burst from the ground and walls, the ceiling. Black thread. They engulfed Facestealer, wrapping around his arms, legs, torso—
The monster halted. Xrn studied it, disappointed.
“Is that all you can do? Show me.”
Pawn, sprinting forwards to reinforce Xrn, with the Painted Antinium, including Chesacre, Thaina, and Purple Smile, suddenly fell flat on his face. He realized something was immobilizing him.
“No—Facestealer! [Heal Minor Wounds]!”
The [Priest] desperately tried to rise. None of the other Antinium were moving. He sensed something moving in the darkness.
Undead, coming down another corridor. The [Priest] whispered. A prayer. It came from the other Antinium, silent though they might be.
“Please.”
The binding on him—faded. It was a magical thing. But Pawn felt a different power enveloping him, forcing the effect back.
He rose.
The Ghouls descending on the helpless Antinium saw the [Priest] holding his censer up. And there was light.
“[Holy Radiance].”
The undead saw the light blooming. And as it struck them—they screamed. Retreated, fled, as their flesh began to vaporize. Burst into flame. They ran. Pawn shakily looked around.
The Antinium were still frozen. But—the paralysis was waning? He saw Chesacre moving her two good arms. Pawn looked around.
“Stay there! I’ll find Facestealer! Stop it from advancing!”
He ran. Purple Smiles, lying on his front, observed in his head that Pawn’s instructions to them really weren’t necessary. Pawn ran to the next corridor. He saw a familiar person standing there.
Xrn. She was regarding a figure, struggling amid black bindings. Facestealer tore one arm free, ripping loose half a dozen of the black lengths of thread ensnaring his arm. But more wrapped around him.
“Is that really all? [Paralysis]? How weak. How insignificant.”
The Small Queen raised her staff. Pawn saw a flash. The radiance and explosion was followed by a kick of force that blasted behind Xrn with a rush of air. The [Priest] went skidding down the corridor.
“[The Light of Shali’vere]. My spells have no form. I create magic.”
The Small Queen was aiming her staff at Facestealer. It was writhing—the explosion of light had blasted off its first layer of…hide. Pawn saw yellowed bone beneath. Blood. He stared.
Facestealer tore more bindings away, desperate, enraged. Xrn saw it making its way at her, snapping the bindings. She tsked.
“Mindless. Klbkchhezeim’s body would make fighting you a challenge. But Wrymvr would enjoy the brawl. I would not. [Lesser Teleport]. [Acid Wave].”
The monster blinked out of existence. Pawn saw Facestealer appear fifty paces back down the corridor. The bindings raced at it again. And green acid surged down the hallway.
It steamed where it came into contact with the guardian. Xrn waved her staff and the magical acid, rather than obeying the laws of gravity, surged around the monster. Enveloping it.
“You are difficult to kill, aren’t you? [Ailendamus’ Lancearrows].”
