7.19
Page 7
The young woman grinned. Her creation, made of sin and gluttony, dripped onto the floor. Mrsha raced over like a shot out of a cannon, begging and drooling.
“A gift! I’m going to Pallass. Once I perfect the recipe.”
 
—-
 
Pallass. The City of Inventions. A glorious land that was a type of heaven for the [Engineer], the aspiring [Alchemist] or [Inventor]. A place where you could be funded to follow your passions.
Because that was what happened. Small or large, new inventions and recipes came from Pallass. And you could be granted a stipend depending on what you did.
Of course, a Walled city had so many other industries and things it supported that was only one aspect of it. But Pallass was the City of Inventions. It specialized in forging weapons, in alchemy.
Just like how Oteslia was an agricultural giant, or how Salazsar ruled the gem trade. Each Walled City specialized in a trade.
Just look at Saliss of Lights, simultaneously one of Pallass’ treasures and their disgrace. The Named Adventurer wasn’t causing trouble today. He’d sequestered himself away to teach his new apprentice some tricks. And because a strange female Drake had smashed another raid on an illicit bar the other night.
But that wasn’t the topic on everyone’s tongues. That was the [Strategists], who were right now in Zeres. And amid the hustle and bustle of the city came…poison.
Or perhaps, a kind of madness incarnate. A manifestation of chaos, like Saliss was. But if he was a known force, born of Pallass, she was an unknown quantity.
An omen you listened to by the shouting or screaming. A harbinger of doom. Had she brought the Wyverns or had the impending event drawn her? And who watched for her?
Only the wise, who had seen what might be and could be. Was that all just exaggeration?
Maybe. Or maybe not. Sergeant Kel eyed Erin as he checked her, Montressa, and Beza through the gate that led from the magical door to the rest of Pallass.
“No trouble, Miss Solstice?”
“Whaaaaat? Me? And you didn’t have to search my stuff! It’s just food! Hey, want a snack?”
Erin pouted as she hefted her rather big basket past the guards. A Gnoll was sniffing and licking his lips. Kel eyed Beza. The [Spellscribe] was walking while holding her stomach.
“I can’t believe you ate all of it. I felt sick watching.”
Montressa covered her mouth. Erin reached into her basket.
“I’ve got extras! Not the thing, but want some cookies?”
The Watch brightened. Kel, on the other hand, had heard the devil’s whispers. He looked chaos in the eye and denied it.
“No. We are on duty, Miss Solstice. Stop feeding the Watch.”
“Aw. You’re no fun.”
Erin stuck out her tongue. Some of the [Guards] grumbled under their breath, but stopped as Kel glared at them. He made a little note and sighed.
“Someone run this to the Watch House. Tell the Watch Captain on duty Miss Erin Solstice is in Pallass.”
One of the junior [Guards] looked incredulous. He, a Garuda, saluted Kel.
“Sergeant, surely we don’t have to tell the Watch Captain one Human…”
He fell silent as Kel glowered.
“Take the note. Or do you not remember the Antinium and Wyverns? She was there.”
The Watch fell silent. And they were learning. But was this force friendly or dangerous? She had toppled cities, brought low the ambitions of [Lords]. What might she get up to? But the law let her into the city. So, thus, Sergeant Kel reflected gloomily, the law was not infallible. And you wouldn’t know what happened until…
“I’m gonna go do my thing. Have fun!”
