7.19
Page 9
“That’s right! Into this section—here! Damn it, don’t touch the circle or I’ll pull your intestines out with my tongs you clod-footed idiots! And the other one in the sealed space, there!”
“But master, there’s no ventilation!”
Emessa protested as she pointed to a cordoned-off area. Erin saw black curtains hanging, and a stand for the anvil. The Dwarf turned purple.
“Ventilation? Don’t backchat me—apprentice!”
“Emessa.”
Erin whispered. Pelt glared at her. He bellowed at the Drake.
“You can debate with me when you’re twenty levels higher! Move those anvils! And get me my prepared tools and ingredients! And if I catch one of you walking off with them I’ll cut off your right hand! A Dwarf’s oath on that.”
The last line was delivered deadly serious. The [Smiths] shuddered as Pelt bellowed. They got to work. Erin stared at Pelt.
He seemed…energetic. The Dwarf turned and glared at her.
“What do you want, Human?”
“I…just thought I’d bring a sorry-basket. Lunch.”
Erin offered her basket to Pelt. The Dwarf sniffed suspiciously.
“Why would I want anything you made? And why are you here? The last time we met in Pallass the sky was shitting Wyverns—after you got arrested and wrecked a good forge!”
Erin winced. That had been a day. She smiled as she hefted the heavy basket; even with [Lesser Strength] she was getting tired of holding it.
“Because…I’m an [Innkeeper]. And I made something good. Promise!”
The Dwarf eyed her with deep distrust. But he nodded to one side.
“Alright. Put it down there. I need to check on the magic circle. Stand there and don’t conjure any magic fire! Or I’ll—”
“Pull my guts out with a tong?”
“—kick you off the side of the 9th floor.”
The Dwarf glowered and stomped off. Pelt inspected his forge, snapping at his apprentices. And it was—different.
Especially from Maughin’s forge, or the other smaller forges catering to individual blacksmiths they could use. This one looked—
Magical. It spoke to Erin. Especially the glowing circle traced in what looked like powdered gemstone in the floor. The diagram was etched around the circle, giving the smith room to stand in. There was a dark room to forge in, another with a hole cut in the ceiling—even the forges were being remodeled.
“This one needs to burn about ten times as hot as a charcoal forge. At least. If we need to, we’ll get an [Enchanter] here to work on it. But we won’t be able to melt Dwarfsteel with this shit flame.”
Pelt kicked at the forge, which would get to temperatures that would melt steel. His apprentices were cluttered around. Erin peeked over as Pelt cursed.
“Don’t ask me how! I’ll build it myself if I need to! Just get to work on today’s orders! I’ll handle the Dwarfsteel and higher metals. You—take the mithril crap. Apprentice—”
“Emessa—”
“Shut up, Human! Start with the silver. The rest of you, the steel orders! I’ll do the embellishing—just get it in a workable piece! Don’t ask questions! If you forge shit, I’ll see it and stop you. Any imperfection I will catch. And I’ll only break one finger per flaw! Get to work!”
The Dwarf howled and his crew got to work. They didn’t use either of the special forges, opting to use the regular anvils. Erin saw Pelt stomp back towards her.
“Sorry about that. Rookie smiths. Idiots think they know what steel is. You got them all the time in Deríthal-vel. Dwarfhome. What’s in the basket?”
He seemed calmer now. Erin stared at Pelt. She looked around.
“Sorry, I’m in the wrong place. I’m looking for a rude jerk. Always drunk? You’re nearly him, but you’re too awake.”
Pelt glowered.
“Human. I’m working.”
“Really? You? I mean…”
