7.19
Page 24
“Um! My Queen! Might I ask that they be given to me? Not killed? Vivisected?”
All heads turned. Pivr’s mandibles opened and dropped at the effrontery. Xeu stirred.
“Aberration…?”
One of her scythe-blades moved and Garry froze in fear. The Free Queen raised a feeler.
“No. He is permitted to give his opinion. His rank is…unique. Speak, Garry. You would take both Flying Antinium? Why?”
So that they would not die? Garry’s mind raced. He looked around desperately.
“I could—use them? My Queen, they would be invaluable in…cooking.”
“As food?”
Pivr stared. Garry shook his head rapidly.
“No, as assistants. I am sure their live…dissection…would provide much benefit to the Hive. But perhaps they might aid cooking more. I’m uh, uh—I am working on a vertical storage system and—height-based cuisine! Like layer cakes. So high I cannot reach them myself. These…samples would be exceptional aides to me.”
“I see.”
The Free Queen sat back. She looked at Garry thoughtfully. And then she waved a feeler.
“That is indeed a very important task, Garry. And as Free Queen, I accept. The Flying Queen’s gift will be put to invaluable use. You have my thanks twice, Pivr.”
“But—”
The Flying Prognugator looked uncertain. So did Garry. The two Flying Antinium looked at him. Their…boss. And he had no idea how he would use them.
But he saw something in their gazes. And it too was familiar.
In the darkness, there was a light. Hope, such as what Erin had once given him with a chessboard. Garry bowed to his Queen.
Only Pivr was uncertain.
“But is this food—layer cakes? Is this truly better than their use as my Queen intended? I may disagree—”
Dekass looked at Pivr. Sternly, the Armored Prognugator raised one finger and shook his head.
“Be quiet. Food is very important. You do not fully understand. Yet. We must show you.”
He pointed at Garry’s spread of food. The other Prognugators looked. Pivr scuttled over to the table, grabbed a tart and nibbled. He froze and then began to gobble. Xeu appeared at the table and stared at the sour soup. She picked up a bowl cautiously.
And Garry found his first apprentices had wings.
 
—-
 
In the darkness of the dungeon, Earlia of Gemhammer lifted her lantern and gasped. Her heart was pounding. She held the warhammer in both of her hands.
She was sweating. She’d been cut twice—deeply, by claws. But her armor was thick and the cuts weren’t deep. The combat had been fierce. But brief.
The rest of her team was panting as well. They’d charged their foes—and the team of former [Miners] all had strength Skills and heavy weapons. They hadn’t been unprepared however; their opponents had arrows buried in their fur.
Nailren’s team. The Pride of Kelia had joined with her team for the dungeon explorations. The two Silver-rank teams couldn’t advance as fast as, say, the Wings of Pallass, or the Flamewardens. The other Gold-ranks teams were securing much more of the dungeon day by day.
And fortunes were being made down here. Bounties for monster parts—even some treasure was being found. At last.
At last, the risk was paying off. And Earlia saw—from the glow of the mining lantern at her side—something that made her heart pound wildly.
An adventurer’s dream. The dead Raskghar team that had run into the two adventuring parties had been hard to put down. One of Earlia’s companions spat.
“Dead gods. They stink! This one—eurgh! It’s all ragged. Fur’s falling out! Are they sick? Keep back from the bodies! Shield your faces! I heard someone in the Lifwail Blades got ill after a fight with them.”
