7.19
Page 30
Long, magical arrows appeared in the air and blasted down the corridors. Copies of power. They struck Facestealer. The guardian rocked. Its bones refused to crack, but it stumbled.
And it tore at the acid surrounding it. Tore at the bindings. Flailing. Xrn blasted it with another spell. And she was smiling. Pawn saw the lights in her eyes shining.
But what about the armor? An entire army of—the [Priest] whirled. And he saw, as his squad rejoined him, what had happened to the corridor full of enchanted suits of armor.
The hallway rippled with heat. The very air was distorted. But there was no flame. Just pure heat. Perfectly contained. Pawn saw a melting suit of steel staggering at him. The thick metal was…dripping.
Running down the construct’s body, as it melted. And it was so hot the steel was vaporizing. Pawn stared.
The hallway was filled with melted metal. Hands, reaching out of the pools of metal—helmets, glowing, deforming. He slowly reached towards the rippling air.
“Do not. Your hand will burst into flame. Or simply melt.”
Xrn stopped Pawn. He whirled. The Small Queen stood behind him. Smiling.
“Facestealer. Was it—”
“Gone. It was difficult to kill. And it tore free of my binding spell. A pity. It is not a threat so long as I see it, but it is stubborn.”
The Small Queen nodded down the corridor. Pawn saw dissolving black bindings. Xrn regarded the corridor filled with metal.
“Perhaps the Armored Antinium can do something with this. Oh well. Was that the best the dungeon has to offer? Perhaps it grows more dangerous further in.”
She waved her staff and the heat spell vanished. Pawn saw the glowing pools of metal slowly cooling. And he felt the incredible heat.
Xrn stood in the corridor. The squad of Antinium who’d come to…help, stood a bit uselessly. The Painted Antinium, Purple Smile, all of them looked at her.
“I think we have claimed enough of the dungeon. We will advance. Slowly. I am not incautious. And this dungeon is vast. My seeking spells tell me there is far, far too much ground to cover. The adventurers have claimed a good portion as well, but there is so much more to occupy. And my magic is not infinite. I am tired.”
Xrn kindly told the others. Pawn nodded slowly.
“Centenium Xrn—”
“You may call me Aunt, Pawn. If you wish.”
The Small Queen smiled. Pawn did not wish. He looked at Xrn’s shining eyes.
“…Centenium, why do you need us? We have nothing like your power.”
She was worth ten thousand Antinium. More. What were the Painted Antinium compared to her? What was anyone? The Small Queen laughed, a fluttering chirp.
“Oh, little Pawn. That is true. But I was created to be the world’s finest. And—I am only one. There are so few of us left. I can still die. Klbkch has died and lost his power. Think of it. I can destroy one army of Drakes. But they have more than one. I need you, little Antinium. You must be stronger. Because only together can we triumph.”
She looked around fondly. And then the blackness surfaced in her eyes again.
“Small as you are, weak as you are. Together, we might triumph. We need millions of the Painted Antinium. A flood, to traverse the seas. To fight our true foe on Rhir. So do not think I can triumph alone. I have died once.”
She touched her chest. Pawn saw her eyes flicker darker still. And her head turned to him. She stared at the [Priest].
