7.19
Page 27
She was lying on her side. Her team lay around her. Scattered though they were around the corridor, it hadn’t mattered. Earlia saw Nailren, staring, eyes wide, next to her.
Both teams had been paralyzed. And behind Nailren—Facestealer. It had stopped after catching them with its magical effect.
It was standing over them. Huge, powerful arms. Clawed…fingers? No head. Just a rounded hump on top of its body. The two gaping pits in its chest.
And a bag. Stained with blood and grime. It was looking at them. At their heads.
No. No! Not when they were so close! Not now.
Someone was sobbing. Crying like a child. Earlia realized it was her. And more voices joined hers. Fea was crying too. Someone was pleading for their lives. Facestealer walked among the adventurers. Bending, looking.
Choosing which one to pick. It was bending for Nailren as the Gnoll snarled. Then Facestealer paused. It turned. And Earlia felt something running through the floor.
Thwoom.
The explosion ran through the dungeon. An impact so loud it drowned out her racing heart. Facestealer hesitated. And the guardian of Liscor’s dungeon felt it.
Deep within the dungeon, a figure made of metal held eternal court. Suits of enchanted armor, ancient guardians, moved in the darkness. Leading patrols, repairing their broken comrades.
The Armored General led them. And it too felt the tremor. Slowly, it turned its head. Cobwebs and dust moved as it changed its posture. The enchanted armor turned. Slowly, they began to march in the direction of the attack.
So did Facestealer. It abandoned the adventurers. Something was blaring a silent alarm only it and the other protectors of this place could hear.
Invasion. Not one adventurer, or even a few. And on a scale that had only occurred once, nearly eight years ago. The dungeon woke up. Monsters streamed towards the enemy, ordered to battle.
They died. The shadows themselves hacked them apart. Rows of armored foes crushed them. And flying, winged figures leapt through the tunnels. And the Antinium flooded over Flesh Worms, tore apart the enchanted patrols of armor.
Thousands of them. It was a full-scale attack! The dungeon threw wave after wave at the Antinium. It had crushed them before! And even the thousand-strong attack waves only killed monsters. The Antinium would die. They would—
…They weren’t stopping. Nor were the traps or monsters holding them back. Something was wrong. Silent Antinium were moving ahead, finding the concealed traps both magical and mundane! And the Armored Antinium were fighting equally, no, better than the enchanted suits of armor. The flying Antinium were too fast, flanking and overwhelming their opponents.
And Painted Antinium were marching with the regular Soldiers and Workers. As a group of exploding caterpillars swarmed down a tunnel, a [Priest] raised his censer. And a wall of light blocked the monsters as they detonated.
“Advance! Injured Soldiers, fall back!”
Yellow Splatters ripped off the head off a Face-Eater moth. Anand was rotating Antinium out, predicting attacks and saving lives as Antinium retreated in the face of ambushes and attacks. Ahead of them, Tersk was leading a squad of Armored Antinium with shields.
They calmly advanced through a party of undead skeleton archers raining arrows on them. The Antinium were covered in steel from head to toe; when they reached the skeletons and ghouls they demolished their opponents without so much as a scratch. The Flesh Worm snatched at them, but it couldn’t tear their chitin off with the armor in the way. And the Armored Antinium had blades.
