7.19
Page 10
Erin bit her lip. She remembered Pelt hammering on the Grasgil bardiche. After her fire—but this wasn’t that Pelt. Torn by grief and pride. This was—a mix between the Pelt she’d known, the grumpy alcoholic, and a working Pelt.
He wasn’t happy. But Pelt’s scowl indicated his entire forge.
“Have to earn money somehow, don’t I? And yes, I hired more apprentices. Less work for me, I realized. They do the hammering and so long as they don’t overheat the metal—”
He bellowed and all the [Smiths] jumped. They snatched their billets out of the fire and inspected them. Pelt looked at Erin.
“—I can do the finishing touches. Most metal—you don’t need to put a Skill into if the metal’s right. You just need to forge to shape, and even an idiot can do that. Well—probably.”
He glared at his team again. Erin put down her basket on an anvil. She began to unwrap her present.
“Uh huh. So…did you sell the Grasgil axe?”
“Of course. It got enchanted. Waste of potential; the idiot just added to the freeze. It’ll be a low Gold-rank adventurer’s weapon. But that’s how it works. Anyways, the city gave me some drinking funds. Idiots. But I spent some of it and this is the result.”
Pelt spoke briskly. He watched as Emessa brought back her billet and began to hammer it carefully. He glanced at Erin—one of his apprentices sniffed. The Dwarf, who had seen a lot of marvels of steelwork, stopped and stared.
“What is that abomination, Human?”
The—thing that Erin held was in theory, a sandwich. But it was mainly meat.
Meat, the best cuts she could find, some fried, others prepared in different ways. Bacon, salami, cuts of beef, pork, chicken—layered with mustard, mayonnaise, other condiments—and some onions and pepper too. Vegetables hadn’t been entirely banned from this concoction.
But it was madness. Heavy, too. A carnivore’s dream. Erin hefted it up and showed it to Pelt.
“I’m calling it a ‘Meat Supreme Sub’. Because it’s a lotta meat. I thought you’d like it?”
The Dwarf stared. The Drakes, and Gnolls both stared. One of the Dullahans gagged. But Pelt licked his lips slowly.
“You…made that?”
Erin beamed.
“Yup! Well—I thought of you, and Relc, and a few others. Most people shouldn’t eat this. Ever. But [Smiths] use up a lot of energy, right? Dawil loved meat stuff. So…want some? I know I’m not as good as Lasica is, but I can do food like this.”
She had cut the sandwich in half. Whatever that meant; you couldn’t bite it. Well—Beza could. But only just.
So could Pelt. The Dwarf picked up the sandwich, inspected the contents, and bit gingerly. He chewed as Erin watched. And chewed…and chewed…and swallowed.
“I think I will be sick.”
Maughin announced. But Pelt took another bite. A drooling  Gnoll—Bealt—came over.
“Hey, Pelt. You’re getting Miss Erin to hand-deliver you food? Mind if I take a—”
Pelt kicked at him without a word. The [Farrier] retreated. The Dwarf kept eating as Erin watched. After a while, he stopped. The Dwarf eyed the sandwich, and then Erin’s smiling face.
“What?”
“You’ve got some on your beard.”
The [Blacksmith] snorted and kept eating.
“You’d be welcome in Dwarfhome, girl. Even the old Grandfathers would love you. What’s this, a bribe? It’s not worth a knife. If you want, I’ll smith you a set of those crap steel knives. But nothing made of a better metal. I want payment.”
He nodded at the ones on Erin’s side. She sat on a desk and kicked her legs.
“I don’t need another knife. I was just giving this to say sorry, honest. I’ve got something else, but I’d bother you with it, anyways.”
