7.19
Page 18
The intruders. They came from below. The knaves. They were wrong. Squirming. Wretched things, preying on the hive in the darkness.
Thinking to conquer. Thinking them weak.
They could not escape. Slaughter them. Tear them to bits.
Suffer not the invaders. By the will of fire, kill them. What should not exist. Like the Crelers. Rip them to shreds. They could not be allowed to escape.
Better to die than to give way. Seal the light. Kill and kill again. 
No escape. Slaughter the knaves.
Kill them all.
 
The thoughts beat against Mrsha. She could feel/hear/see them in the darkness. The foes! Kill them! Do not let them out!
The bees were sealing the breach in their cave. Blocking it—generating wax along with the dirt. Numbtongue stared. He didn’t know what was happening. Or why Apista was suddenly jabbing at the air, furious. He heard a rumble and looked down.
Mrsha was snarling in his arms. The Gnoll growled making a rumbling noise in her chest. Slowly, the [Bard] backed up.
“What? What?”
For a moment, Mrsha was lost in the bee’s thoughts. They lessened as she drew away from the cave. She looked around, blinked a few times, as Apista flew after her.
The bee’s thoughts were different. Mrsha no longer sensed Apista’s sadness. Like her—the other bee had picked up on the trapped Hive’s thoughts. Now—Apista was angry. Worried, but angry.
“Bad things. Bad things in there.”
Numbtongue looked at the cave. He reached for his sword.
“Crelers?”
Mrsha and Apista shook their heads—well, Apista shook her entire body. Something else. Numbtongue felt a tingle running down his spine.
“Not opening cave, then.”
No. Mrsha shook her head. And yet—she looked at the cave.
The bees were hungry. She had felt that too, beneath their all-consuming loathing of their foes. They were reproducing in the darkness, to replenish their losses. They could do that—fight in the dark, maintain their Hive. They had been hundreds strong, and they were big bees. They could slaughter a Silver-rank team in seconds if not prepared. They were killing all the…things coming up.
But what they lacked was food. The Hive had possessed deep honey reservoirs. But it had used up all of its reserves. They would have to start letting the weaker bees die, soon. They could not hold forever.
Apista felt her comrade’s pain. So did Mrsha. Her eyes watered as she looked at the Hive, felt the cold resolve. Nor did she question their will. It was a certainty. Their foes were unnatural, like the Crelers. Not meant to exist or move under the sun.
Yet—they had to be helped. Mrsha felt that too, strongly. She tried to communicate this all with Numbtongue. He, ignorant of all of it, tried to understand.
“Something bad in the cave. Not Crelers. Very bad. Seal the cave. But—hungry bees?”
She and Apista nodded. Numbtongue sat on his haunches and thought. After a moment, he grabbed Mrsha.
“We leave.”
The first thing Pyrite had shouted into his mind was that anything that animals were afraid of was not something you wanted to be nearby. There were a few candidates on his list. And they were all bad. The Hobgoblin picked up the protesting Mrsha and towed her away.
Then he and Mrsha had a think. The bees were in danger. But even they thought they should be in the darkness. What did you do? Tell someone?
Mrsha was pretty sure the bees would kill anything in their cave. Even Numbtongue, or an adventuring team. And she didn’t know what was in there. Numbtongue, with a Goblin’s practicality, refused to open the cave.
