7.19
Page 13
“I don’t know. I don’t know who made it. Who…gave you this?”
He looked at Erin. And she stared at him and realized. He had seen it before. Something had flashed across his face.
Distant recollection. A passing memory. But no more. Still—
She kept her voice neutral.
“A traveller. He wasn’t sure what it was worth. Why?”
“No reason. Hm.”
The Dwarf stared at the coin. He glanced up at Erin and casually turned as Emessa presented something that would become a valve for the euphonium.
“Leave it with me. I’ll work on it.”
“Work on it?”
Erin started. She stared at the Dwarf’s back as he got to work. He nodded, barely glancing at the mithril.
“It’s pure mithril, girl. Could be worth a lot. And I may not know what it was—but I can restore it. Whatever design and lettering it was—I’ll reveal it. Might lose a tiny bit of metal, but I doubt it. Come back in a few days and I’ll give it to you.”
“Really? Thanks!”
The young woman smiled. The Dwarf nodded absently.
“Are you done? Then get lost.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
The Human grinned at him as she took her basket. The Dwarf glanced up at her.
“So—this Liscor. If your inn’s nearby, that’s free alcohol, right? And what else do they have that’s worth it?”
“Cheap. And uh—well, Esthelm mines stuff. It’s connected to my inn. But it’s mostly just private, y’know?”
“Hmm. Interesting.”
The Dwarf turned away. Erin Solstice lingered a moment longer. And then she left. After all, this was just a small visit. An ordinary day. Not much happened on ordinary days.
 
—-
 
After a while, Numbtongue finished eating. He felt…bloated. Too much rich food. And Erin’s Supreme Meat…Meat Supreme Sub…hadn’t helped.
He was gaining weight. Which, for a Goblin, was a sign of status. Safety.
And still, the [Goblin Soulbard] was discontent. Not in general, or out of some longing to find more of his kind. He had decided to stay.
No, if anything, it was a bit of—jealousy. The Hobgoblin wandered out of the common room and into a hallway. There, he walked past Erin’s weights room, her rec room (now being filled with some kind of odd table she insisted would become a ‘pool’), and down the corridor.
There was a door at the end. It had not existed, oh, a day ago. But Antinium did good work. Numbtongue appreciated the door. The door had done nothing wrong to him. Doors were excellent, in fact. Cover, improvised weapons, magical portals—
A sign hung over the door.
Octavia’s Stitchworks. Numbtongue slowly opened the door. He looked inside. And sighed.
The [Alchemist] was out. But her shop was nearly complete. At least—it was a room and he, Numbtongue, had helped the Stitch-Girl move her equipment inside. Again, just the other day. Octavia still needed a few more shelves and places for her weird equipment.
But it looked like a store. Her new shop, just as promised. And Numbtongue expected the place would be full of smells and strange sights. Mrsha was banned from entering, incidentally.
And yet—Octavia was not. And the [Alchemist] usually lived in her shop. But she was gone. She was now an apprentice to Saliss of Lights. Saliss the Naked. Saliss—
Who wasn’t bad for a Named Adventurer. But still. Numbtongue idly sat on a counter. Octavia was a friend. More so than Drassi, who would talk with Numbtongue and not stare or be nervous.
Octavia was in the ranks of Erin, Lyonette, Yellow Splatters, Bird, and Mrsha. A group the Goblin could trust. And that she was gone was just annoying. Because Numbtongue found it was easiest to hang around her.
