7.20
Page 8
“I am Maviola Imarris. Distantly related to the House of El and the Imarris family, but an offshoot branch. Not really of the high nobility, but I am a [Lady]. Thank you for gracing me with dinner.”
“Not at all. Heck of a thing, isn’t it? Invrisil being closed. Even if there was an attack, I can’t remember it ever happening in the years I’ve been in Izril.”
“It’s happened three times in recent memory. But it is rare.”
Maviola murmured. She was eating with a passion. Her eyes lit up as she savored each bite while trying to scarf at the same time. It was rather reminiscent of Ksmvr, actually. The sheer joy she had for the food made Yvlon envious, and she liked the meal.
“This is amazing food. Thank you so much for sharing it.”
“It’s not that excellent. But I have to admit, there is some pleasure in cooking a meal well. By all means, have seconds.”
Pisces puffed up slightly and he tended to the second serving. And there were certainly a lot of mouths to feed. Yvlon was a [Warrior] and hungry—and the rest of her team was just gluttonous by nature. Maviola no less than the others.
“May I ask, what brings an Antinium out of their Hives? I don’t…know the Antinium nearly as well as I thought I did. I thought they never left their Hives. Much less became adventurers. Or…spoke. Except for their leaders.”
Maviola had to breach the question at last. Yvlon was impressed by her restraint, but she was still clearly wary for all she was relaxing. It was Ceria who replied with a smile.
“Ksmvr’s a bit—different. He was kicked out of his Hive. And he was an uh, Prognugator. That’s one of their leaders. But he’s alright. Don’t mind him if he makes any mistakes.”
“I am learning. And I was a disgrace to my Hive so I was exiled. Hello! Again!”
Ksmvr waved at Maviola. She blinked, and her eye sharpened with interest.
“Really? May I ask—if it’s not too impolite? What brought an Antinium into a team? Are there more like that? And—”
She glanced at Yvlon and Ceria. The [Armsmistress] smiled crookedly.
“Don’t worry, everyone wants to know. And it is a story.”
The other Horns chuckled. By now, the tale of their slaying of the Adult Creler wasn’t something that filled them with an abundance of embarrassment and pride. But—it still felt good to tell. Yvlon told it as quickly as she could, with Ceria helping and Pisces adding anecdotes as he stirred the potatoes. Maviola listened. And her eyes lit up.
“You killed an Adult Creler as Silver-ranks?”
“Not alone. We lost a lot of good adventurers. We got lucky. It was Yvlon who kept bashing it in the head.”
“It was all luck, Miss Maviola. But we’ve had a lot of it. We paid for it, though…Ceria’s hand, my arms.”
“Even so. Adventurers. I dreamed of being one as a girl.”
Maviola looked at them, eyes shining by firelight. Somehow, the fire wasn’t dying down. Yvlon hadn’t needed to add to it for over an hour. Ever since Maviola had arrived. And—the young woman had an aura about her.
Not just a presence, an aura. Yvlon recognized it. It wasn’t hostile, though. But when the young [Lady] leaned over, you felt like she was looking only at you. It made you want to tell her everything. It was also, vaguely…familiar. Different, but familiar.
“It’s not all glory and treasure. Being an adventurer is sometimes wading through muck. Or getting hurt. But it is—something. Not that I’m saying you should dive into it, but you could get into adventuring, Miss Maviola. Sorry—is it [Lady]? You’re young enough.”
The young woman laughed ruefully.
