7.20
Page 21
Below was listed the location, Riverfarm, and the pay. Halrac stared at the numbers. Even for long-term duty, it was very, very low. Barely more than a few gold per adventurer per week. For a Gold-rank team?
Well, that wasn’t the least of it. The terms were—insane.
“The Unseen Empire? I’ve never heard of it. Is that—Riverfarm, now?”
“Yup. Some [Emperor] showed up out of nowhere. I heard a lot of weird rumors from there. Isn’t it hilarious. It was being shown around the Adventurer’s Guild for near a week. Mind you—some people would have jumped at the request if it wasn’t for the last bit about the monsters.”
Briganda snorted. Halrac glanced up.
“Really?”
“Oh yeah. That [Emperor] visited Invrisil, once. Left a big impression. Two Silver-rank teams went with him on some quest to his lands. Around mid-winter. Liked it so much they stayed. And there’s rumors this Godart fellow has some kind of seeing Skill. Knows whatever’s in his domain. But—Goblins?”
“Goblins.”
Cade repeated, and his little box of wonders produced some Goblins he instantly put on the table. Halrac saw a bevy of the [Knights] chasing the little green figures around, hacking at them. There was no blood, but—
“Stop that.”
Briganda saw Halrac tap the box. Cade’s expression went horrified as the Goblins disappeared.
“My box!”
“Halrac! Don’t do that to Cade. It’s okay, just make more.”
“No Goblins.”
The [Veteran Scout] looked at Briganda. He read the line again. The [Shieldmaiden] glowered at Halrac and then frowned.
“What’s gotten into you? We’ve smashed enough Goblin tribes before. ”
“Things are different now. I told you about the inn? It has a Hobgoblin. It—had more. This is an odd request.”
Halrac went back to reading as Cade glared at him and then produced some little Crelers, which his illusory [Knights] began to battle. Halrac looked at the assignment.
“Minimal pay. But a share of treasure…”
“That’s the funny thing. How much treasure are we getting? Treasure-finding? Eliminating [Bandits] is the work we’d be doing, I bet. And being a permanent militia. It’s clever, but that’s just an empty line.”
The [Scout] nodded absently. That was what he’d have assumed. But that last line…
“Maybe it’s worth looking into. We don’t have to accept. Riverfarm isn’t too far, and—we might go.”
Briganda looked up as Typhenous produced a coin behind Grev’s ear. And the boy’s money pouch in the other hand. Grev looked at the [Mage] with awe as the Plague Mage winked.
“Seriously?”
“I have a hunch. ‘No Killing Goblins’.”
Halrac’s mouth twitched. And he had a sense—this might be something. Briganda blinked a few times.
“Well, if Halrac the Grim has a hunch…it’s not far, yeah. Fancy that. Cade, we might get to visit an [Emperor].”
“What’s that?”
The boy looked up blankly. Briganda was scratching at her head when the door flew open.
“Grev! Grev!”
A boy shouted as he tried to kick past the [Bouncer], Redit. The man had him in one arm. Grev stood up.
“What’s up? Redit, that’s a pal. Let him in.”
The urchin tumbled past as the [Bouncer] grumbled. But Grev was of the Players of Celum and they were faces in this city, however new. The boy panted.
“Grev! It’s them! One of the [Hostlers] saw ‘em, the ant-fellow, the sniffing [Mage], and the half-Elf! Ceria! He didn’t catch ‘em, but they’re in the city!”
“What? Where?”
Grev’s eyes widened. Typhenous sat up and Halrac and Briganda turned. There was only one group with that description.
“The Horns of Hammerad?”
The old [Mage] looked at Grev. The boy was panting.
“Southwestern gate. Is there a reward? You said, six tickets—”
