7.20
Page 39
Everyone smiled or laughed. Halrac rolled his eyes, but he was sitting near the door. Typhenous smiled as he straightened.
“Everything looks fine from this end. Miss Solstice probably has yet to see the [Message].”
“We’ll head through. As many as we can. And then—perform! We have some guests scheduled—I just want Erin to see how much I’ve improved!”
Jasi fussed as she looked around. Grev laughed.
“You’ll blow her socks off, Jasi! And her trousers too! And that’d be a sight to see!”
“Grev, you little imp—”
“Excuse me! Ceria Springwalker, are you there? Pisces? Horns of Hammerad?”
There was a shout from the doorway. Ceria’s head turned. She heard a scuffle. Redit, the [Bouncer], stumbled back.
“Gah! Stay back!”
A young woman with hair like fire entered—no, wait. Her hair was fire.
Maviola El blazed. And the [Bouncer] flinched back as fire raced up her arm. She walked through the door. The Horns turned. Ceria saw Redit reaching for a club as a second [Bouncer] charged forwards.
“No, wait!”
Ceria pointed. Ice engulfed Redit’s arm, shooting up from the floor as he raised a club. Maviola saw the half-Elf check the second [Bouncer] with an ice wall.
“Maviola?”
The young [Lady] smiled.
“Apologies. Am I intruding? I heard you were here. I can leave.”
“No, no! Come in! I mean, if that’s okay?”
“Who is this?”
Kilkran stared at Maviola as her hair went out. The [Lady] blazed like a beacon, as strongly as Wesle or Jasi. She smiled, fearless, as Redit backed up and Ceria made the ice melt. And behind her came a group of young people.
“This is Lady Maviola Imarris. And these are—?”
“Friends I met. I hope they’re not intruding?”
Maviola gestured to Rose and Joseph, Imani, and the others. They stared wide-eyed.
“Oh my god. The Players of Celum?”
Rose squeaked. Pisces’ head rose and turned. But everyone else was shouting at Redit, telling him to back off, and asking Maviola what that Skill was. Ceria was looking at Wesle. He pitched his voice.
“Ladies and gentlemen!”
The [Actors], adventurers, and everyone else quieted. Wesle looked around.
“I think any friends are welcome here. Let’s have that door closed before anyone else shows up. We have a play tonight, but food is important! Come in, Lady Imarris was it?”
He swept a hand and the [Lady] smiled. She walked over and the Earthers fell forwards. Redit hurried towards the door and closed it.
“Oi, Halrac! It’s me, Todi, and Jewel and—”
The door slammed in front of the Gold-rank adventurer’s face. The [Actors] clustered around Maviola. Because they could recognize someone in a similar field.
“Hello. Did Maviola say she knew you?”
Ceria looked at Rose. The young woman stared at Ceria.
“You’re a half-Elf! Oh—your hand! Look at her arms!”
The [Cryomancer] smiled. Joseph started as Ksmvr turned.
“I am Ksmvr. Hello, I am not a m—”
Look at it. The chaos, the moment. Rose was babbling, trying to communicate something to Jasi.
“Um, I’m a fan. I haven’t seen anything, but Pygmalion. Do you—I mean, how did you learn the play?”
“We might go to this Riverfarm. I don’t know what your team’s doing, but—”
Typhenous was talking to Pisces as the [Necromancer] nodded, distracted. Joseph was trying to get to Rose and pull her back as Ksmvr happily kept talking.
“I have eaten no Humans. And I have killed Humans only in justifiable acts of law enforcement or bounty-hunting—”
 
—-
 
And in Liscor, a [Mage] burst into the inn from Pallass. Montressa shouted.
“Erin! The door’s in Invrisil!”
The young woman had a note saying the same thing from the Mage’s Guild, delivered by Drassi. She turned.
