7.20
Page 45
“This is a disaster! But she didn’t bring an attack force. Why did she come here?”
Grimalkin growled. Ishkr started and looked alarmed.
“The book?”
A few of the Gnolls in the crowd groaned. Mrsha looked up, alarmed. She ran through the door.
“Mrsha!”
Lyonette ran after her. Erin sat there, as most of the inn ran after Magnolia. She looked at Grimalkin. He gazed down at her. Erin raised one hand.
“This one wasn’t my fault.”
The [Sinew Magus] gave her an uncharacteristically alarmed and sympathetic look. He nodded, and folded his arms. His legs twitched, but he couldn’t walk through the door. After a moment, he growled.
“I know. But at least now you know how it feels.”
Erin caught herself nodding.
 
—-
 
Magnolia Reinhart walked through Liscor. Through a storm of questions, through crowds of people. And her name was on every lip.
Magnolia Reinhart. The savior of the city, long ago. But her presence here was like a lightning bolt. Before any emotion could be had, people had to get over the shock. And it was a physical thing.
But some of them were fast on their feet. Some had sworn an oath to protect this city. Some had the will.
“Lady Reinhart! Please halt!”
Zevara barred the way as Magnolia walked towards one of the staircases leading up to the ramparts. Instantly, Pryde pointed.
“One side. We don’t have all the time.”
Zevara stepped to one side. The Drake blinked in outrage, but she kept pace with Magnolia.
“Lady Reinhart, what are you doing in my city, may I ask?”
The [Lady]’s Skills were even forcing her to formality in speech. Magnolia nodded at her.
“I am just taking a short visit, Watch Captain. I can assure you, this is meant in all aid to Liscor. You have my word as a [Lady] on it.”
Somehow, that reassured Zevara. Because it was part of the very Skill that bound her.
“Even so, Lady Reinhart—I must protest.”
“By all means. I’m aware how irregular this is. Ah, the Council. Hello. Are you…Lism? I have heard so much about you.”
The Drake thrust his way forwards. He was gritting his teeth, jaw clenched to fight his way past the invisible field around Magnolia and the two [Ladies].
“I’m Councilmember Lism of Liscor. And this is my city.”
“Our city.”
Krshia pushed Lism to one side. She was panting too, but she followed Magnolia as the woman walked up the stairs. Pryde had already strode past the others thanks to her mobile tracksuit and was staring off the battlements.
“Councilmembers, I am delighted to meet you. And again, I apologize. But you really will see that my intentions are good. Nalthaliarstrelous?”
“I’m doing it. Go. Away.”
The [Druid] was standing in the street, not with the [Ladies]. He’d planted his staff into the street by smashing through a cobblestone. He closed his eyes. Magnolia nodded.
“Then—Reynold? Escort one of the [Mages] up here. Preferably Miss du Valeross”
She was on the battlements. Lism was drawing breath.
“You are violating Liscor’s laws! There are no civilians allowed on the walls, much less foreigners! I demand to know what you’re doing and—”
“Silence. Thank you.”
Lism recoiled and clawed at his mouth. Magnolia saw Montressa being escorted up the stairs by Reynold.
“Ah, Miss Montressa. I think we’ve actually met. I visited the du Valeross estates about twelve years back. Hello, how do you do?”
“L-Lady Reinhart? I am Montressa—I mean—hello. How can I help you? And why are you…?”
Montressa stared wide-eyed at Magnolia. The [Lady] sighed.
