7.20
Page 9
“If only. I’m not the best for fighting. And I think I’d better leave such things to you. I’m just envious from afar. Once again, thank you for hosting me. I haven’t had a meal like this in…dec—years.”
“You don’t really need to thank us. It’s just a little bit of food.”
But the [Lady]’s smile was infectious. And Yvlon, sitting in the ice fort, listened as Maviola had to ask what had led to Ceria’s skeletal hand. Her ice magic—the conversation turned lively.
And outside of Invrisil’s walls, the people were sitting around campfires. Even if not protected from the wind, they huddled together. Taking something from the communal experience. Strangers, moving closer in the darkness.
And enterprise was a thing of beauty. It could fit anywhere. As Ceria was explaining about Skinner and Maviola was gripping her bowl, Pisces looked up from his second round of potatoes.
“Wine! Half-price if you’ll throw in part of your pot! Silver a cup; twelve a bottle! And that’s a bargain!”
A [Trader] was shouting as she went down the lines of campfires. Pisces’ head rose. So did Maviola’s. She reached for her purse, but Ceria was faster than both.
“Ksmvr, secure that wine!”
The [Skirmisher] shot to his feet. He rushed out the door, like a shot. Maviola jerked as the [Skirmisher] moved with all the Skills afforded to him and a Prognugator’s reflexes. He was as fast as a horse for a second. Yvlon heard his voice from outside.
“Excuse me! I would like to purchase—”
A scream. The [Trader] saw a huge bug-person coming at her in the night. Yvlon jumped to her feet, sighing. Ceria looked shamefaced.
“I’ll go.”
It took Yvlon a minute to calm the [Trader] and get her coin. When she came back, it was with three wine flasks.
“Oho! That is generous for you, Yvlon!”
Pisces rubbed his hands together, beaming. Yvlon gave him a look, although it was true.
“We have a guest, Pisces. It’s not the best, Lady Maviola—”
The young woman’s eyes were locked so hard on the wine flasks that Yvlon thought she was a [Drunkard]. But her first sip of the wine made her sigh. And her eyes watered with emotion.
“I haven’t had a good cup—tasted it in—eight years?”
“Eight years?”
Maviola jumped.
“Well—I had poor taste buds. I um—had a sickness. And restrictive family members. [Healers]. I’m free to drink now, though. And allow me to pay for my share.”
“It’s no—”
“I insist. Here.”
Maviola dug out some silver coins and handed them to Ceria. The half-Elf accepted.
“Thank you. And let’s all have a drink. To burning Flesh Giants outside of Invrisil and good potatoes!”
Everyone laughed. The wine began to flow as Maviola settled back. She sipped liberally, and Yvlon found the drink was a welcome comfort in the cold; Ceria’s ice walls kept out the wind, but they themselves had a chill. And soon—the Horns of Hammerad were back to their usual mood, plus one.
“Okay—hear me out. This is a hypothetical scenario.”
Ceria was smiling as she waved at the others over a third helping. Yvlon sat back, groaning and adjusting her armor as she lifted the wineskin. She squeezed a bit too hard and splashed far too much wine into her cup. She didn’t know her strength, sometimes.
“So—here we have some uh, cute, fluffy—uh—uh—things. Like bunnies, except they have two legs.”
“Sounds horrifying.”
Yvlon laughed. Ceria waved at her.
