7.20
Page 38
Joseph murmured, trying to cheer up Rose. But the young woman was miserable. The group stood there. And at that moment, a young woman walked past Kevin.
“Alms for the poor, Miss?”
The young man tried hopefully. The woman’s head turned. And she blinked at Kevin, and then at Rose. The tableau of despairing young people, the begging Kevin—Maviola El took it in with a glance.
And unlike everyone who’d passed by, the [Lady] turned. She looked past Kevin.
“Is that your friend?”
“Um—yeah.”
Kevin lowered his hands. Maviola El hesitated. But she had nothing to do. And here was a crying young woman.
“Excuse me. Are you all in trouble?”
Rose, sniffing, turned. Joseph saw the young woman with the striking eyes like embers looking at him.
“Oh—I’m sorry. It’s nothing.”
“We’re poor. Anything you can spare will help us out, Miss.”
Kevin helpfully interjected. Rose glared at Kevin. He looked at her.
“We are.”
“Really? What happened?”
“We ran out of money. We were heading south.”
Rose sniffed. Maviola looked at the group. She stared at them.
“Small embers. What’s your class?”
“…[Mage]? We’re just…travellers.”
“Tourists.”
“Visitors from another—ow!”
The Earthers responded. Maviola smiled and chuckled a bit. She looked at them.
“Are you hungry?”
A stomach rumbled. Imani’s. The girl blushed, but the she couldn’t help it. Maviola laughed.
“Why don’t you come with me? I’m going to find some friends and have a meal. I can at least treat you to one.”
She felt at her belt pouch. She had almost no money left. Which meant for a [Lady] that she could probably buy a good horse or two. Certainly as many meals as she wanted. The Earthers stared at each other. They huddled, quickly.
“Maybe it’s a trick?”
“Don’t look a gift horse—”
“We shouldn’t—”
“I’m just going to an inn. You can follow me if you like. But I don’t mean you any harm. My name is Maviola.”
The [Lady] called out. And she pushed. And the Earthers looked at her. And Lady Firestarter conjured a small fire. In her, in their hearts. They looked at each other. And then followed her.
Maviola El smiled. She had no idea who these lost young people were. But they were in distress, and wasn’t helping them a good use of her time? She reached for her soul and found it burning.
 
—-
 
And the pieces came together. Like this. The Horns of Hammerad stood in the Players of Celum’s inn, talking and listening to old friends. They had told the story of the Adult Creler. Revi had wondered over Yvlon’s arms, admiring.
There was so much to say and do. Too much for one encounter. Ksmvr had just encountered Cade and the young boy was staring at the Antinium. So was his mother. Halrac was showing around the request for adventurers.
Jasi was autographing one of the cardboard squares for Pisces, and he, being Pisces, had done one for her. Wesle was listening to Ceria as Andel took rapid notes about the battle.
But—they were all waiting on one thing.
The door. Typhenous was inspecting it; it was set up against one side of the room. And both Pisces and Typhenous had sent a [Message] spell, to the Mage’s Guild and Montressa respectively.
“This is going to change so much. We have a play tonight; I hope Erin opens the door so she can attend! We have a box reserved for you all. And just imagine! We could perform in Pallass and Invrisil! Temile has more [Actors] for us—this is going to rock Invrisil.”
Emme predicted. Everyone was nodding. But Ceria looked at Wesle.
“One person’s going to rock Invrisil.”
The [Actor] smiled. His voice deepened.
“Ah, the Crazy Human of Liscor. The leader of Goblins, the [Innkeeper] herself. Erin Solstice.”
