7.20
Page 50
The Drake eyed Magnolia. But he nodded. And Magnolia Reinhart turned. She waved once, and left. And chaos? She turned a Walled City on its head. And perhaps only the old Drake heard Magnolia murmur.
“Besides. I owe Zel Shivertail this, at least.”
Chaldion looked at her back. And he half-rose, ignoring the [Healer] and his bodyguards. And he wanted to believe.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice sat in her inn. Liscor and Pallass were ringing with Magnolia Reinhart’s name. The Antinium had retreated to their Hive. And Erin stood up as the three [Ladies] returned.
“That will be all. A success. Pryde, Wuvren, thank you ever so much for your help. Let’s reconvene tonight. I should have a fair amount of [Messages], but I will be free to attend this play.”
The door to Invrisil was opened. Pryde and Wuvren walked through. The Players of Celum parted as the [Ladies] walked past them, talking. And Magnolia watched as Reynold led a grumbling Nalthaliarstrelous through.
And no one stopped her. Grimalkin had helped her, when he’d figured it out. Magnolia Reinhart sighed. She fanned at her brow; she allowed herself to sweat lightly only now. In relief. She turned her head.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
A fist flew at her face. Ressa caught Erin and the [Innkeeper] staggered as the momentum of her fist stopped. She strained, but Ressa had her neck in a hold—
“Ressa, stop that. Miss Erin is quite upset. As she should be.”
Erin breathed as Ressa let go. The [Innkeeper] staggered back. Magnolia waved at the doorway.
“Everyone, stand back please. I will be returning to Invrisil in a moment. But I think this is a private conversation.”
Everyone else shuffled back. But Erin and Magnolia stood in the young woman’s inn, in a circle of silence.
“You—you ruined it. They didn’t do anything.”
Erin pointed at Magnolia with a shaking finger. The [Lady] looked at her, calmly, coldly.
“On the contrary. I haven’t ‘done’ anything other than make Pallass and the Walled Cities wary. As they should be. Or were you aware that multiple breeds of Antinium were in Liscor?”
The [Innkeeper] opened her mouth. She bit her tongue. Xrn had hinted, but Erin hadn’t realized—
“Some of them are good. The Antinium! How could you just walk in and—do that?”
It had felt like all three [Ladies] had just squished her against the floorboards. She hadn’t been able to do anything. In her own inn. Magnolia’s eyes were sympathetic. But cold.
“Miss Erin Solstice. Drakes and Humans have torn each other apart for countless generations. I made an overture, of goodwill. Did I step on your toes to do so? Yes. And I will be called traitor by some of my peers. But this may lead to peace in a war as old as my House. Consider that.”
Erin opened and closed her mouth. Ressa was standing next to her. Erin made a fist—and then just shook it at Magnolia.
“Just—just answer me this. Do you know what you did? Really? If they die—I’ll never forgive you. Do you have any idea? Or is this just politics? Is it—”
“Erin Solstice.”
Magnolia Reinhart snapped. Erin fell silent. And Magnolia looked around. At the inn. At all the people whose names she’d known without ever having met them.
She glanced through the doorway, at the Players of Celum, whom she was going to watch that very night. And at the Earthworlders. Some were hiding behind the tables. But Magnolia just looked back at Erin.
“My dear Erin Solstice, I know exactly who my enemies are. And I watch young women like you. Yes, I know what I’ve done. I planned it. The only part I didn’t account for was the eggs.”
“Eggs…? What eggs?”
Erin whispered. Magnolia shook her head.
