7.20
Page 24
Everyone was watching. Pisces eyed a few requests, and then went to sit down. Ceria followed him. Conversation started back up, but she was aware of other teams glancing at them now and then. Amused. Todi was watching with his group.
No one went over to talk to the Horns, as they might in another guild. Ceria fidgeted.
“I think, Pisces—”
“Ignore them. I refuse to humor the man. I may have a drink. Then we can leave. Relax, Ceria. We belong here.”
The [Necromancer] leaned back and studied the bar’s menu. The other adventurers began talking, and Todi’s voice rose among them.
“So, as I was fucking saying, we should muster up and head south. We lost too much time to that damn [Witch]. And my team just healed up!”
“Head south? Maybe with one of the faster carriages. It’s not going to be cheap.”
“Then we pool our money. Sounds good?”
Todi was leaning on a table, talking with a few other teams. Ceria stood up.
“I’m gonna talk to them.”
“You’re making a mistake. You know what sort of man that is. Play their game or don’t, Ceria.”
“There’s such a thing as politeness, Pisces. Hello! Are you going after that Wyvern bounty as well?”
Ceria walked over. She smiled at another Gold-rank team. The woman glanced up as Todi turned his head. The half-Elf paused and smiled.
“I’m Ceria Springwalker. We were just from down south, around the High Passes. We arrived in Invrisil today.”
The woman shifted. She was athletic, clearly a [Warrior] and she carried a thin blade of some kind at her side. A [Fencer] type? She glanced at Ceria’s proffered hand; the half-Elf had hidden her left, skeletal hand in her robes. Always easy to talk about it later.
“…Jewel. Captain of Glitterblade. Pleased to meet you.”
But she didn’t take Ceria’s hand. The half-Elf wavered. Some of the other Gold-ranks who’d pulled their chairs out to join the discussion looked at her. Some amused, some blank-faced. Jewel hesitated. She glanced at Todi.
“Come back and introduce yourself properly.”
The man grinned at Ceria. She stared at him. She withdrew her hand slowly.
“Rank means a lot here, huh?”
“Gold-rank is something you earn. Even if you get certified, girl. And you two are definitely new.”
Ceria’s lips compressed. There was a laugh—although Jewel and her team looked sympathetic and definitely annoyed at Todi. But he had seniority. Yet—Ceria was more like Pisces than she liked to admit. She glowered at Todi.
“So we should come back, introduce ourselves properly, and you’ll forgive us? And we do that because everyone has, right?”
“That’s the way it works, girl. You want to change it? Become a Gold-ranker with experience yourself and let a little snot-ranked Silver come in and think you’re equals. But you can do it when you’re in my boots. But everyone else here knows that respect matters.”
Todi laughed at Ceria. She had heard the same kind of line back in Wistram. And—just like in Wistram, here came Pisces.
The [Necromancer] strolled over and smiled at Todi. The man gave him a toothy grin. Pisces looked around.
“Respect does matter. Both ways, one assumes. Seniority? I don’t think I’ve ever heard of your team. The ah…?”
“Todi’s Elites. We might not have been heard of in a backwater like—what? Celum? But that’s fine.”
The man laughed. Pisces’ brows rose.
