7.20
Page 31
“That is my name. You have wasted my time and interrupted me as I was working. You two are now blacklisted from my services, as is your team. If you continue to linger, I will inform the Watch.”
He tapped his left wrist twice with one finger, a tic. Yvlon winced.
“Master Hedault, I apologize for—”
“Name your team and leave and I may consider removing your blacklisted status. I do not have time to waste on worthless apologies.”
The man’s voice was sharp. Yvlon bristled and tried to think of something diplomatic to say, and Ksmvr raised a hand.
“Enchanter Hedault, I believe you have much time to waste if you do not honor your debts. Is, perhaps, your unwillingness to answer the door a sign that you are being hunted by [Debt Collectors]? This would be a most disturbing turn of events.”
Yvlon and Hedault looked at Ksmvr. The [Enchanter]’s mouth opened and closed twice and Yvlon put a hand on Ksmvr’s shoulder.
“Please stop talking.”
“Why? I am only informing Master Hedault that he is refusing to honor his commitment to us. Ryoka said he would. Either she has lied, or he has.”
The [Enchanter] started at the name.
“Ryoka Griffin? And her…”
His eyes narrowed. He tapped his wrist again, twice.
“…Are you the Horns of Hammerad?”
Yvlon turned her head. She nodded.
“That’s correct, sir. We are.”
The [Enchanter] pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Of course. The similarities. And your need of my services?”
Yvlon opened her mouth, but Ksmvr spoke.
“We would like to appraise a number of artifacts retrieved from the dungeon. Some may be cursed, and we have jewels, gold of uncertain purity, and other mundane objects. We also were told we had a debt we could collect on.”
Hedault blinked at Ksmvr. The Antinium’s precise answer made the [Enchanter] focus on him.
“I see. Which dungeon?”
“Liscor’s. Do you intend to honor the debt? I am Ksmvr, by the way. Hello. I am an Antinium. Not a monster.”
The man’s gaze focused on Ksmvr. On his shortsword and the bucker on his side.
“Ah. The Ring of Jumping, Barkskin, and the Forceshield. I see. Liscor’s dungeon? In that case…”
“Master Hedault, Master Hedault! Stop annoying him, you idiots!”
Revi shot around the corner. Again, too late. Yvlon turned and saw her team and Griffon Hunt running at her. Revi, breathless, shoulder-charged into Yvlon. She bounced off and fell down; Yvlon was too solid.
“I am so sorry, Master Hedault. They didn’t know. We’ll make an appointment—”
The [Enchanter] blinked at the second team of adventurers. His eyes focused on Halrac.
“Griffon Hunt? Your team is scheduled in two weeks. Are you related to this team?”
“They have treasure from the dungeon too. We would also like it appraised as part of our debt.”
Ksmvr put in helpfully. Revi raised a hand to slap it over his mouth and stared at his mandibles. She lowered the hand.
Hedault looked at Ceria. No, at her wand. He stared through her, at Pisces, noting the [Necromancer]’s ring. He saw Halrac opening his mouth, grimacing, and nodded a few times.
“I understand. I will make time. Tomorrow. Come at dawn. Bring both team’s treasure. Kindly make the Antinium stop peeking through my window.”
He stepped back. Both Gold-rank teams stared as the [Enchanter]’s door swung closed. Revi gaped at Yvlon and Ksmvr.
“Wait—did he just say you’re visiting tomorrow? He never does that!”
“He owes us a debt. He was a most agreeable person. Very precise. Hello, Revi. Hello, Halrac, Typhenous, and whomever this woman is. I see we have met Griffon Hunt.”
