7.20
Page 19
And people were staring at the Horns of Hammerad too. Not as many as you might think, but even in this city, an Antinium, Ceria’s skeletal hand and Yvlon’s arms stood out. The adventurers slowly drove into the city.
“What do we do first?”
Ceria had to think. Her mind was spinning. There was so much.
“There’s the door to Erin’s inn. We should find a place to set it up. But we should go to the Adventurer’s Guild. You know? Introduce ourselves. And—and—get our loot appraised!”
“With that [Enchanter]. What’s his name? Hedault?”
“Yeah. But there’s also the market—and Ryoka’s in the north. Maybe the Runner’s Guild will know where she is? Erin said Reizmelt, but Ryoka’s bound to be all over.”
The Horns looked at each other. Now, they were getting excited. Like children at a fair. Ksmvr bounced up and down, staring about.
“This city is very big. And colorful. I am eager to see all the tactical advantages in the stores.”
Ceria was smiling as Ksmvr looked around, eyes shining. But then she felt a lump in her throat. Her excitement faded as the most important thing came to mind for her. She looked at Yvlon and Pisces.
“I need to visit the Adventurer’s Guild. I have to ask about Griffon Hunt—they might have come through before us. And I want to deliver some news. I’m sure they’ve heard, but you know, there are some families of teammates that live around here. Even in the city.”
“Oh.”
Yvlon sobered. She looked at Ceria.
“Crossbow Stan’s family lives around here, don’t they?”
“Yeah. And Gerial was born in Invrisil. I sent word—and the coin for both. But the Adventurer’s Guild would be able to connect us. I’ll go there, ask about.”
The half-Elf took a deep breath. She had sent a [Message] and the money owed to each family, of course. But she had never told any of her teammate’s families how they had died. And if they wanted to know from her—
“I’ll go too.”
Ceria forced herself to smile and shake her head at Yvlon.
“No—it’s just going to be an inquiry. Why don’t you and Ksmvr go find that Hedault guy, Yvlon? Take him around? Keep him out of trouble? Pisces, you too.”
The [Necromancer] hesitated. He sniffed.
“I think I’ll accompany you to the Guild, Ceria. I wouldn’t mind looking around the Gold-rank’s section.”
“Thanks.”
The half-Elf smiled as Pisces adjusted his robes. Yvlon looked at Ceria, but then she saw how happy Ksmvr was. She smiled.
“That sounds good. Where should we meet?”
“Um—easiest place is probably the Mage’s Guild. Let’s head there in—an hour? Then we’ll find an inn and set up Erin’s door.”
“It should prove entertaining.”
Pisces remarked drolly. His team grinned. They parked the wagon at the stables and Ceria leapt down.
“Renting?”
The [Hostler] walked up. He was leading Maviola’s horse into a stables. Ceria saw a [Lady] and her [Chevalier] speaking to the [Stablemaster]. That was Invrisil for you; you could see noblewomen mixing with the common folk. First Landing was even more cosmopolitan.
“Nope. Actually, we’d like to sell the wagon. And horses.”
“Can do. Say, why’s the wagon all chewed up? This happen on some kind of adventure?”
“Nope. Firewood.”
The [Hostler] looked at Ceria. Yvlon waved to the others as Ksmvr looked about.
“Yvlon, Yvlon. What is that?”
“…Looks like a sign for the menagerie. One must be in town. That’s a—place to see a bunch of animals, Ksmvr. Would you like to visit it?”
“Maybe after we locate the [Enchanter]. What is that?”
“…That’s a carriage, Ksmvr.”
“It is pink.”
“Yes. Yes, it is.”
“And that?”
“That’s—”
