7.20
Page 33
But no one knew. And other people were living their lives, separate from the drama that was the Horns of Hammerad’s life.
Maviola El walked through Invrisil. She had a little snack of a sandwich in her hand. She was savoring each bite.
Even her taste buds were fresher. The taste. The feeling of being able to walk, to breathe in the air and not cough or feel cold. She felt alive.
Alive—and older. The [Lady] paused in front of a shop. And she stopped eating. She looked around. And then, slowly entered the shop. She asked a question, and then slowly walked out.
“Seatale’s Tavern.”
The [Lady] stood in the street, and looked at the shop. Next to it was a [Seamstress]’ shop. And this place was a Cloth District, filled with Stitch-Folk. They glanced at the young [Lady]. And she looked around.
“It was right here.”
But the tavern was gone. Closed, turned into this shop and the Stitch-Folk’s parlor. Over two decades ago. That was what the [Shopkeeper] had kindly told Maviola.
She had been—amused to know that anyone still remembered that old place. Maviola looked around.
Even the street was different. It was called Satin’s Way. But it had had a different name, long ago. Maviola tried to remember. But her memory was fading.
The cobblestones were the same. Similar, to the ones of long ago. But nothing else was. Maviola felt a pit in her stomach.
She slowly bit into the sandwich. But the explosion of flavor, the joy of eating it with strong teeth—it suddenly soured.
The food turned to dust. Maviola lowered the sandwich. And she looked around. And everything was different. That wasn’t the problem. The problem was knowing what should be. What had been. And realizing how much had changed.
“I walked this very street. Sixty years ago. This very place. And nothing remains.”
The young woman whispered. Dewlana, returning to her shop, glanced at Maviola and checked the stitching on her ears. And Maviola felt—
Wrong. She stumbled away from the street full of memories. Because like ghosts, they clung to her. She walked away. And she realized—
“Lord Reinhart is dead. Magnolia owns this land now. All the other nobility moved back north. Who—who—was I going to call on?”
No one. The young woman looked around. And realized she was alone. Everyone she had known, all her old friends, even her enemies—almost all were dead.
The world had moved on without her. And that was fine. She had seen it. Lived it. That was fine. But Maviola El suddenly realized that she didn’t know what to do next.
She had planned for this ending. Hoarded her personal fortune, bought three vials of miracles. And she had reclaimed her youth.
Yet she was now aimless. She had wanted to reclaim her youth from her armchair. But now, having it, reliving her memory, she realized how much had passed.
“I am Maviola El. Matriarch of…”
The woman trailed off. And she realized that was no longer true, either. She had left the House of El. Her duties had gone. The weight that she had carried for decades had been like the wheelchair. A prison. But it had also meant she had been strong enough to carry it.
Now—she was unbound. What did she have to live for, these last weeks? Maviola stumbled, as she walked. And her footsteps grew slower.
All her physical pains were gone. But this world—the changes cut her deeper than any blade or ache. Look. She remembered a different city. It was too tall now. Magnolia had made it a capital. But everything was different.
