7.20
Page 28
“Out here. Let’s have a quick word.”
The reunion of the two teams was held in the common room of the Adventurer’s Guild. Revi hugged Ceria, to the half-Elf’s surprise, and then kept scolding.
“You two are idiots. Congratulations on your Gold-rank! Are you insane? You don’t bother a Named Adventurer and you have to introduce yourself, even to a muleskin idiot like Todi! You killed an Adult Creler? You have to tell us about it! Please tell me you didn’t say anything offensive!”
The mix of compliments and insults poured over the two. Ceria was blinking as Pisces nodded at Typhenous and the [Mage] smiled back. The other woman put an arm around Revi.
“Revi, you’re blabbering. So these are the famous Horns? Hey there. Where’s the fellow with the nose problem, Revi?”
Ceria let out a guffaw. Pisces colored and Halrac took over.
“This is Briganda. She’s one of our teammates who rejoined us. Ceria, Pisces. It’s good to see you. Apologies for Revi, but the Gold-rank teams do have their hierarchy.”
He delivered that with his classic dour expression. Ceria nodded slowly.
“It’s great to see you, Halrac. Sorry, I mean, thanks. We just walked in there and met that Todi guy. We—might have said a few things.”
Halrac grimaced and Typhenous winced. So did Revi. Briganda just laughed. Halrac nodded to the closed door.
“We’ve all been there. Todi’s…unique. But we’ll smooth it over.”
“Don’t worry about it. Todi deserves a kick in the ass. If he mouths off, I’ll smack him around. I’ve done it before and we’re as senior as his team. Hello. I’m a [Shieldmaiden]. Part of Griffon Hunt; just rejoined.”
She held out a hand with a warm smile. And Pisces and Ceria smiled too. They shook hands, introducing themselves.
“Ceria Springwalker.”
“Pisces.”
“Oh, so you’re the [Necromancer]?”
Pisces froze, but Briganda shook his hand. Typhenous shook his head.
“Everyone knows I’m afraid, young Pisces. Your bounty was circulated, and even if it’s much lower than what it was—it is common knowledge.”
“Some Gold-ranks’ll care. But most are adventurers. You can worry about that later.”
“And right now, we should go back in there and smooth some feathers. We can catch up later. But we need to talk to you all—and Erin. You have the door, right? We need to make sure you all don’t cause trouble. Invrisil has rules. Let alone that insane Human.”
Revi added, looking serious. Pisces and Ceria glanced at each other. Pisces tapped his bag of holding and Typhenous’ eyes lit up.
“We have it here. Yvlon and Ksmvr are going to meet us in about forty minutes, however. They’re finding the [Enchanter]. Hedault.”
The four adventurers of Griffon Hunt froze. Revi groaned.
“Oh no. You mean, you’re going to his door? Don’t do that! You don’t have an appointment! Don’t you know? Hedault hates interruptions! He’s going to blacklist you.”
The two [Mages] looked askance. Revi pointed.
“Hurry! Let’s stop them before they annoy him! Dead gods! You rookies are nothing but trouble! Great to see you again, though. I can’t wait to visit The Wandering Inn. And the Players want to see you. Hurry up!”
 
—-
 
Invrisil had rules. Unfortunately, no one wrote them down. They were just unspoken rules. Things people ‘should’ know, but usually found out by erring. It was all status and connections. Respect, unearned or not, and proper procedure.
Was that better than Pallass, where laws were the law? It was hard to say. In any case, it didn’t matter.
“This is clearly the house. I appreciate the nameplate. This is an organized system.”
