7.20
Page 5
“There. Shouldn’t whistle with the winds in the background. And the campfire shouldn’t melt it.”
Yvlon stared about the temporary dwelling. Ceria had even included the wagon inside.
“…Won’t the ice drip over time? Even if the campfire doesn’t melt it?”
The [Warrior] lamely looked at Ceria. The half-Elf shook her head.
“Magical ice. It’ll just vanish if it does. Whoops! Good catch, Yvlon. Nearly forgot the chimney.”
The ice reshaped itself as Ceria pointed. Her mastery of her magic had improved; before she had only been able to conjure simple walls of ice. Ksmvr happily stared around.
“Very defensible, Captain Ceria. I will then take first watch. I see there are also spaces for cover that I might shoot our enemies through. I would expect nothing less.”
Pisces snorted as he checked on the potatoes. Ceria sighed.
“Ksmvr, we don’t need a guard. I mean—it makes sense. But we’re not in that much danger here.”
The Antinium [Skirmisher] thought about this.
“Ah, this would be part of our talks about ‘paranoia’ and ‘not alarming people’, yes, Captain Ceria? In that case, I will obey. And simply set up a few tripwires.”
He bustled out of the ice home’s door. Yvlon saw the Antinium produce lengths of thin string. And he hung a few bells on them that would jangle if anyone tripped over them, tying the strings to stakes he hammered into the ground.
One of the first things Ksmvr had bought with his share of the immediate profits from killing the Crelers and his adventures was more gear. He already had his personal bag of holding with a number of crossbows in it; Crossbow Stan’s legacy. But he’d added bells, two bear traps, and any number of gadgets to his repertoire.
And with that, their security for the night was taken care of. Yvlon would have wanted a watch, just in case. But between the ice house and Ksmvr’s traps…
The daughter of house Byres looked around. More people had set up camp, but the Horns of Hammerad’s camp was by far the most…luxurious. Ceria was laying out blankets in the wagon. Ksmvr was patting horses. Pisces pronounced his first bowl of potatoes done and the smell was making Yvlon’s mouth water. She decided to pour everyone some tea.
“Thanks for the fire, Yvlon. Really helped to come back to it.”
Ceria smiled at the [Armsmistress]. Pisces handed a bowl of food over.
“Yes, thanks are in order.”
He nodded. Ksmvr bowed his head slightly. Yvlon—waved her hand.
“…It was nothing.”
Humbling, surprising, but gratifying. The Horns of Hammerad sat about the fire and Yvlon realized—this was why she liked her team. They, including her, were a band of idiots. But they were united idiots. Teammates. She was laughing as Pisces began to complain about the flesh giant’s smell—muted by Ceria’s ice walls.
“I’m not saying I approve of the methods. I am just saying that it was inefficiently made! Solid flesh? You can make a framework and—no, I’m not endorsing killing that many people, Ceria! I’m just saying that if I were doing it—hypothetically—”
Dingaling.
The sound of a few bells ringing made the Horns of Hammerad look up. The adventurers immediately stood. From outside their fort, they heard a muffled curse. And then a voice.
“Excuse me! I’m unarmed! I just came to ask if you’d be willing to share some food? I can pay!”
The adventurers looked at each other. Ceria relaxed. Pisces—vanished.
The invisible [Necromancer] brushed against Yvlon and she glanced over his shoulder. He was at a window. Paranoia? Or sense? Ceria called out.
“Come on over, by all means!”
She stood. And that was when Yvlon saw the young woman she’d observed earlier.
