7.20
Page 7
Maviola accepted a bowl, murmuring thanks. She shook her head.
“I heard there was a failed attack. That Flesh Giant. No casualties in the attack, but an entire village was…killed to make it.”
The Horns looked shocked. Pisces just counted as he moved his lips silently. You could make three if—Yvlon punched his shoulder and he winced.
“We had no idea. Where did it come from?”
“A [Necromancer], or so they say.”
Maviola’s face was guileless. She was dissembling, but she couldn’t have known how that comment would make the Horns wince.
“That’s not good. [Necromancers], huh? Sounds like whoever killed those people was a monster. Right, Pisces? I wonder who might have done that?”
The [Necromancer] burned his tongue on his food, but it really was delicious for such a simple meal. He put more potatoes into the pot to be seared as he thought out loud.
“I can’t think of any cult or group with the power to make a giant undead like that. It must have been a Level…40 [Necromancer]. Surely.”
Maviola’s head turned. She saw a chitinous hand waving at her and instantly recoiled.
“Would you like some salt, Miss Maviola?”
The Antinium was politely offering some salt in a packet to Maviola. The [Lady] hesitated.
“I—very well.”
Gingerly, she accepted the salt packet, taking care not to touch Ksmvr’s hands. And she looked at him. The Antinium was smiling, forgetting that most people had no idea of how to read his face.
The other adventurers noticed. Yvlon chewed, swallowed, and then spoke.
“Miss Maviola. Are you part of the noble houses of Izril, by any chance? Perhaps related to the House of El? Their matriarch is named Maviola.”
The [Lady] blinked. She looked up—and again, she was very good at hiding her feelings. Her eyes flickered.
“…Slightly, yes. I was named after Maviola El. And I’m a distant relation. Not that noble, but my family thought it was a good way of currying favor.”
Wariness. Yvlon instantly tried to clarify.
“I see. I just ask because I’m Yvlon Byres. Third Daughter of the House of Byres. I know a lot of the family names.”
Instantly, Maviola relaxed. Her expression cleared and a smile flitted across her features at last. She seemed to notice Yvlon’s arms again.
“House Byres? That’s an honorable lot. What is a daughter of the Byres family doing here? I know of a Ylawes Byres, a Gold-rank adventurer. Would you be…?”
“His younger sister. Gold-rank as well, actually. We were just promoted.”
“Really?”
The young woman blinked. She chewed on the burning-hot potatoes. Even Ceria, who would eat bugs, and Pisces, who would eat hot dishes, had to wait. Yvlon too. Only Ksmvr and Maviola seemed immune to the sheer heat of the food. The [Lady] looked around.
“Forgive me, but I didn’t know I was bothering a team of Gold-rank adventurers.”
“Forgive what? We’re not that big. And we just got promoted. I’m sorry, we haven’t introduced ourselves, have we? The Horns of Hammerad, adventurers from down around Celum. I’m Ceria Springwalker, the Captain. [Cryomancer]. Don’t mind the hand.”
The half-Elf waved her skeletal hand. Maviola blinked at it. Pisces bowed slightly.
“Lady Maviola, I am Pisces, a [Mage] from Wistram at your service.”
“Yvlon Byres, [Armsmistress]. My arms are recent too.”
Yvlon stared at Pisces. Ksmvr raised one of his hands.
“I am Ksmvr, formerly of the Free Antinium. But I was kicked out. I am a [Skirmisher] and the least-able member of my team. Hello!”
The young [Lady] was blinking at the introductions. Skeletal hand, silversteel arms—Ksmvr. She looked around.
