7.20
Page 51
“I will remand Rose and the others into your care, since Miss Griffin seemed so insistent on it. Do you know where she is? Reizmelt, or the area thereabouts. I apologize, again, Erin. That is all I can truly say.”
She nodded and turned away. Erin whispered.
“I hate you.”
The [Lady] walked through the doorway. Ressa followed, sparing Erin a look. Magnolia sighed as she walked out of the inn.
“Another one on a rather long list. A shame. But she shouldn’t forgive me.”
“Absolutely not. That was an incredibly underhanded move. Milady.”
Ressa opened the door to the carriage. Magnolia gave her a reproving look.
“And would you have done otherwise? I didn’t hear you gainsaying any plans.”
The [Maid] settled herself into the coach.
“Absolutely not. Better to try this than war. But don’t expect Erin Solstice to ever forgive you.”
“I know.”
Pryde had already walked off, but Wuvren was sitting in the coach.
“My feet hurt. Did that young woman have words for you? She was strong. I didn’t believe you when you said you feared you might not be able to suppress her, Magnolia.”
The [Lady] smiled thinly as the carriage began to move.
“I told you she was significant, Wuvren. I fear she hates me.”
“With good reason.”
“Oh, shut up, Ressa.”
Lady Wuvren smiled. She was older now, closer to her actual age. She looked thoughtfully out of the window as the coach pulled away. Nalthaliarstrelous was riding on the roof, closer to nature. And because he smelled.
“She was something. She has a number of charm-related Skills. [Crowd Control], I think. She doesn’t control it. I can see how she could start a riot if she wanted to, especially if it began in her inn. Why did you feature Liscor in that scrying broadcast?”
“Because it’s not war yet. And either way—the city could grow. Invrisil, Liscor, Pallass—Wuvren. I should like it so very much to be the case that the Antinium are changing. That we can ally with the Drakes and deal with…unpleasant people. But if that is not the case? Liscor will not fall easily.”
Magnolia’s eyes flashed in the darkness. Wuvren just nodded. And they rode away.
 
—-
 
The end. Chaos had hit. The [Lady] had come and gone. And no one had been prepared for her. But—the door to Liscor was open. And timidly, slowly, the Horns of Hammerad entered the inn.
“Erin?”
The young woman was resting her head on a table. But her friends were there. And a group started at her name.
“She didn’t go after us. But she saw us.”
Rose looked at Joseph. Imani just stared at the magical doorway. She didn’t know what had happened, not all the details. But she heard the name. And she saw a familiar face.
“It’s here. The Wandering Inn.”
The group from Earth stared into the inn. Amid Magnolia Reinhart’s splendid chaos. Montressa du Valeross looked up as the Earthers followed the Horns into the inn. So did Palt, blinking as Griffon Hunt followed.
Change. A growing flower of trust between the north and south. A blow against Antinium plans. Was it good or evil that had been done? One thing was for sure.
“How inelegant. How—rude. She is the rudest [Lady]. But the Reinharts are. She could have lit a flame. But the Deadly Flower of the North just pricks with her thorns.”
Maviola El scowled after Magnolia. She had disapproved of all of it. But her head turned back to the inn. And inside it, the doorway.
Pure magic. A bridge from north to south. And Magnolia’s first thought had been to sabatoge the Antinium. That was a Reinhart for you. But look—
It called to her. Maviola El stared into Liscor. And she felt it. In her chest. In the inn itself. It burned.
