7.20
Page 25
“Indeed not. Nor in Wistram Academy. Or in First Landing, or any other city I’ve ever visited. But well done. Your career must have been illustrious. So much so that in your…forty years, my companion hasn’t heard of you either? She would also be older than you. A different kind of seniority, then. Age is clearly not worthy of respect, only age as an adventurer.”
The room went quiet. Todi’s eyes narrowed.
“M’boy, you have a fast mouth. But you’re not exactly as smart as you look if that’s how you want to introduce yourself.”
“To a man like you? I’d prefer to say—”
Ceria kicked Pisces. He winced and she looked around.
“Pisces, enough. I’m sorry about that. Captain Todi. He does have a fast mouth. And a big one.”
“Well, at least one of you knows respect.”
Todi relaxed a bit. Ceria nodded. She glanced at Pisces—he was glowering, but his mouth was shut. The rest of the adventurers saw Ceria bite her lip.
“I apologize, again. I didn’t know you were senior adventurers. Respect is important. I only wish I’d known. Like Pisces said, I haven’t ever heard of you either.”
She turned and walked off. Todi’s face went flat as Jewel and the Glitterblades burst into guffaws and the other teams laughed too. Ceria felt a bit hot—but mostly cold. Pisces grinned as he walked after her.
“Well, we just burned that bridge. Damn it, Pisces—”
“You would have frozen his boots to the floor.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
Ceria calmed down. She sat back down as Todi turned his back on them without another word. The man said something and his team laughed along. Ceria saw some of the other Gold-rank teams glancing at them, but they turned their backs too.
“We can sort it out later. Let’s leave.”
Pisces sighed. Ceria was nodding, but she didn’t want to just run away after that. She glanced around. There had to be some team willing to—
Oh. The half-Elves were sitting at their table, ignoring Todi. In fact, they looked annoyed by his presence and the man made no effort to include them in his conversation. Ceria stood up.
“I think we can at least make one group of friends. Hold on.”
She walked over to the team of three half-Elves and three Humans. Todi glanced up.
“No fucking way. They are green as grass.”
The other Gold-ranks looked about. Jewel’s mouth dropped. Ceria was waving at the other team. Two half-Elves, both female, one very young, a teenager nearing the end of her growth, and the other older—but appearing in her late twenties—looked up.
“She doesn’t know. I’m going to stop—”
Jewel felt an arm. Todi had grabbed her. She shifted, and he let go.
“Let them. It’s their funeral. Exactly what they deserve.”
The woman sat down slowly. She didn’t like Todi at all. And she heard, in the sudden silence, Ceria’s bright voice.
“Hi! Are you all from Terandria? Mind if I have a seat and talk about home? I’m from The Edwivil Forest. How about you?”
The third half-Elf was male. He looked up. Slowly. And he stared at Ceria and then at his teammates. Incredulously. The other Humans looked similarly nonplussed. And the youngest half-Elf—dead gods, she might only have been in her twenties biologically!
Half-Elves aged as quickly as Humans, more or less, until they were of around their teen years. Then they slowed. Puberty took a long time and this young half-Elf looked…sixteen.
For all that, she was in this room. And she sneered at Ceria.
“Tree rot. Everyone we meet uses the ‘we’re from home’ line on us. Then they want to waste our attention.”
The aggressive response made Ceria blink. She looked around, and then heard the beginning to at least six fights she could remember. A haughty sniff.
