7.20
Page 32
Ksmvr smiled happily. Yvlon exhaled, and looked at Griffon Hunt. The established Gold-rank team looked at each other. Typhenous raised his white brows.
“Master Hedault is notoriously difficult, as befits the best [Enchanter] in all of Invrisil. Even the nobility must avoid offending him. He must owe a rather large debt. More than I expected.”
“From Albez. Yeah.”
Ceria was panting. Pisces was not. The [Necromancer] turned, looking somewhat exasperated.
“We appear to be doing everything wrong. Except, unless I heard incorrectly, we are now scheduled for tomorrow with Master Hedault. Should we return to the Adventurer’s Guild to kowtow now?”
The other adventurers looked at the Horns of Hammerad. Revi was panting, but as she looked at Pisces’ somewhat smug expression, Ceria’s bemusement, Yvlon’s confusion and Ksmvr’s happy innocence, she had to finally reconsider.
Look at them. The Horns of Hammerad. They were rookies in a new city, unaware of how things should be done. As they headed back to the Adventurer’s Guild, catching up, the Gold-rank teams within talked about the team.
A [Necromancer]. An Antinium? They were oddballs. Idiots. And they had no sense of the way things worked.
Still—look. And listen. The Horns of Hammerad never made it to the Adventurer’s Guild. They were intercepted, just outside of it. By a crowd and a familiar set of faces.
“Ceria! Pisces! Is that Yvlon? And Ksmvr!”
A Drake cried out. Jasi, radiant, spread her arms. And the Gold-rank adventurers heard a roar from outside. They peeked out of their private space. And saw a crowd.
The Players of Celum were in the street. All of them. The first-stringers, the A-team. Wesle, Jasi, Kilkran, Yimur, Pralcem, Emme—being led by a triumphant Grev.
And their admirers filled the streets. A group of [Bodyguards] had to keep them back. Jasi embraced Ceria and the half-Elf blinked at the resplendent Jasi. She looked completely different. Radiant. Wesle was beaming and slapping Pisces on the shoulder. The [Necromancer] stared past him at the cheering crowd.
“No fucking way. Is that the Players of Celum?”
The Gold-rank teams were coming out of their bar, because even they were fans. Arcsinger’s Bows and Elia Arcsinger herself emerged with the Gold-rank teams to see—
The Horns of Hammerad, standing in the middle of the crowd. Emme was shaking Ksmvr’s hands as he shook Kilkran’s and Yimur’s at the same time. The Gold-rank team’s jaws fell off their faces.
“Is that the Players of Celum? We have tickets for them tonight! But they didn’t have time to visit us!”
Elia’s daughter exclaimed. The Gold-rank teams saw Pisces flourishing, smiling broadly. Yvlon’s arms were drawing every eye. And Jasi was hugging Yvlon now.
Star power. The Horns of Hammerad stood in the middle of it all, bemused, amazed. And Todi slowly swallowed his tongue. Because they didn’t know how things should work.
But clearly—people didn’t know who they were talking to, either. How big were these cheeses? Ceria started laughing. She hugged Wesle and looked around. Halrac was bemused, Revi shocked but smiling. And Ceria saw Pisces feeling at his bag of holding, looking at the others. He met her eyes and she nodded. Typhenous was watching the [Necromancer]. Invrisil began to turn around the Horns of Hammerad.
And it had seen nothing yet.
 
—-
 
Something was up. But only the Players of Celum, Griffon Hunt, and a few others knew what yet. As they practically carried the Horns back to their inn, the door awaited.
