7.20
Page 26
“That is a commonality of superfluous people. Thank you for noticing and refraining from wasting our time.”
Pisces looked dismissively down at the team. Ceria groaned, but the [Necromancer] was clearly keen on not making any friends here. The young half-Elf blushed as she glared at him.
“You have no idea who we are, do you? Even that obnoxious Human knows about respect.”
She nodded at Todi. The man flushed, but he didn’t call her out. Ceria began to feel uneasy, but Pisces had had enough. He rolled his eyes.
“Respect, as I previously stated, goes both ways. No one here knows who we are. It would be courteous to inform us of social norms politely. Perhaps then we’d care to be polite in return. Or are Gold-rank adventurers all as petty as that obnoxious Human?”
He pointed a thumb at Todi. The Captain rose from his chair.
“That’s it. I’m gonna—”
The other adventurers shushed him. One of the Humans—a [Warrior], shifted. He looked at Pisces—he was in his late thirties.
“You’ve got a loud opinion, fellow. But Captain Todi’s right. You’re walking in here, throwing a lot of weight around. Most good teams listen first.”
Pisces flushed. And that was a good point. He opened his mouth—and Ceria put a hand on his chest. She looked at the [Warrior]—his gear was clearly enchanted, all of it. The rest of the team of six was decked out. The older female half-Elf had a silver bow, gleaming with magic. Ceria pushed Pisces back and ducked her head.
“You’re right. Sorry about bothering you all. We’re leaving. And we’ll come back and buy everyone a drink. Except Todi.”
She looked around. The room was silent as Pisces turned. And then—the other female half-Elf, the older one, spoke.
“What happened to your hand?”
Ceria turned. She realized she’d blocked Pisces with her skeletal hand. Now, the adventurer with the silver bow was staring at it. So did the other two half-Elves.
“Dead gods. What’s that?”
The half-Elf girl recoiled. Ceria flexed her skeletal hand. She addressed the wielder of the silver bow.
“This? I lost it casting a spell. But it’s nothing big. I’ll introduce you to my teammate, Yvlon. One of her arms was torn off in our last big encounter. But she got better.”
The line made some of the adventurers chuckle. The female half-Elf smiled. She looked at Ceria.
“What was that? The battle that made you Gold-ranks? What were you fighting?”
“Probably Mothbears.”
Todi grumbled out loud. The half-Elf looked past Ceria and he went quiet. Ceria blinked. She had a feeling…this was the leader of the team. She looked at Pisces and he smirked.
“We took out an Adult Creler around the Bloodfields. And fought a bunch of Crelers with Silver-rank teams.”
The other Gold-rank teams looked up. Jewel turned in her seat and Todi lost his smirk. The older half-Elf looked at Ceria and the male half-Elf murmured.
“Hell’s Wardens.”
A susurration. The woman with the silver bow looked Ceria up and down. The man who’d spoke gave Pisces and Ceria a second look, almost incredulous.
“You’re telling me you took out an Adult Creler to become a Gold-rank team?”
“Not by ourselves. There were a lot of Silver-rank teams there. And a lot more Crelers. We got torn to bits. But we took it down.”
Ceria answered modestly. The team in front of her looked at each other. The silver-bow wielder nodded.
“Take a seat. Tell us about it. I’ve fought an Adult Creler four times in my career. I can’t imagine a Silver-rank team besting one, or even a dozen. How did you get through their armor?”
“Mom!”
