7.20
Page 36
The carriage stopped in a Human district. The three [Ladies] got out as Reynold and Ressa swept forwards. The [Hairdresser] herself, the best in all of Invrisil and Magnolia’s personal stylist, hurried forwards.
“Lady Reinhart! And Lady Ulta and Lady Sitil.”
“Wuvren, if you please.”
Lady Wuvren smiled, and she was as young as Maviola. She didn’t match with Pryde and Magnolia; both women were older, although Pryde was about three years younger than Magnolia. But then—that was Wuvren.
She could be middle-aged, or a young flower, or anywhere in between in a moment. And it was almost always the age and appearance that struck the hearts of those around her most.
“Deepest apologies for the delay, Cedava. We might have to hurry. I hate to rush your art, but…”
“Not at all, Lady Reinhart. We will work our fastest and best. We have the designs ready, and the clothing. We’ve been waiting for you.”
The [Hairdresser] swept the three [Ladies] forwards, and her famous salon’s windows were shrouded. Pryde glanced at Magnolia.
“Is something wrong with my dress? This is the height of fashion in Ulta.”
And indeed, it was a Terandrian dress, much in style with that lace that critics claimed was good for strangling yourself with. Magnolia laughed.
“Pryde, this is something special I’ve been saving. Do me a favor and don’t judge until you see it—and the hair style. Cedava has a picture, don’t you?”
The Balerosian woman was nodding and showing Pryde an image. The [Lady of Pride] hesitated as she blinked at the image. Wuvren murmured.
“Oh my. And is that one of me? I can certainly—accommodate.”
She aged up a few years, struck the pose. Some of the assistants in the salon murmured. Pryde was striking, her features as strong as her personality. But she was a contender for one of Izril’s beauties, even if it was in her age bracket. Wuvren on the other hand had dominated the top list all her life.
If anything, Magnolia was the odd duckling. But that was only by comparison. The [Lady]’s eyes twinkled.
“I thought you’d like it. Well then, [Ladies]? As I said, we have much work to do. Reynold, we’ll be busy. Kindly pick up our guest?”
All the women turned, half in outrage; Wuvren was already being undressed. Pryde turned fearlessly, but the [Butler] had his back to the entire affair and it hadn’t moved once.
“At once, Lady Reinhart.”
“Ressa will mind us until then. Try to be tactful?”
“Absolutely, Lady Reinhart. Shall I pick you all up?”
“No, simply meet us at our destination. We shall walk. And I’m sure we’ll enjoy the attention.”
Magnolia saw the [Butler] exit the salon. Then she turned. And she clapped her hands together.
“Time, [Ladies]! We are on a schedule.”
 
—-
 
The pink carriage rolled down the street. Most people stared, but only as they did with idle curiosity, knowing that it was Magnolia’s famous carriage. As it rolled, it passed by a young woman who hid from the carriage. But Reynold took no notice and Magnolia Reinhart was absent from it.
Rose hurried down the street after the carriage had left. She turned the corner, searching. She didn’t take long to find the person she was looking for. Because he was standing on the corner, holding out his hands and shouting.
“Alms? Alms for the poor?”
“Oh my god.”
Rose hurried towards him. Another young man appeared, leading another group at the same time. Rose reached the other young man and looked at him.
“Kevin. Are you insane? What are you doing?”
“Begging? We need money, Rose. What are you doing? I’ve got…one silver and three coppers. People think it’s funny.”
