7.20
Page 30
“I’m confirming this with the Adventurer’s Guild. You two, you’re…being escorted to the guild.”
Yvlon ground her teeth. This was a familiar scene. At least the Watch hadn’t actually attacked; there had been incidents in the other settlements they’d come to. But Yvlon was getting tired of it.
“That’s not necessary, [Guardswoman]. We’ve already been let through the gates by the [Captain]—”
“And I’m a member of the Watch. We’re confirming this! The city’s already under curfew at night after the attack! You could have snuck in!”
The [Sergeant] snapped back. She was throwing rank at this point. Yvlon glowered. Petty woman. She shook her head, trying to keep her voice reasonable.
“I don’t want to make a scene, Guardswoman. My teammate is clearly not a monster. He is a registered adventurer through Liscor’s Guild and he has taken on numerous requests in the north—you can contact Celum’s Adventurer’s Guild. He hasn’t—”
“Enough. Silence. Both of you! You’re under arrest—”
Yvlon reached the end of her patience as the [Sergeant] snapped at Ksmvr, who was tapping on the glass window with one hand. As the [Sergeant] marched past her, Yvlon turned.
“Excuse me.”
The [Armsmistress] reached out and grabbed the [Guardswoman] by the shoulder. She yanked the woman over and stared at her. The [Guardswoman] yelped and struggled, but Yvlon was strong. She held her effortlessly. The other [Guards] stared as Yvlon spoke into the woman’s face.
“I am Yvlon of House Byres. Magnolia Reinhart, the [Lady] of Invrisil, is my aunt by relation. Ksmvr of the Free Antinium is my teammate and I vouch for him. If you would like to question my authority, you may forward my complaint to Invrisil’s [Mayor]. I will discuss the matter with them. Or Lady Reinhart herself.”
The [Sergeant] stared. Yvlon let go and the woman staggered back. She looked at Yvlon, and the noblewoman folded her arms. The [Sergeant] backed away.
“Lady—um—”
“Lady Byres. Well? Your response and name, [Sergeant]?”
Ksmvr, staring through the window, saw movement. The magical light went out. He turned as the patrol marched off. The Antinium had left it to Yvlon, as he had been instructed to do.
“Are we under arrest, Yvlon?”
The woman shook her head. She ran a silvery hand through her hair and cursed.
“No, Ksmvr. But that was unpleasant.”
“You utilized your superior station quite effectively in establishing dominance, Yvlon.”
The Antinium smiled, but Yvlon did not. His compliment had the opposite effect. She shook her head, looking guilty.
“Don’t compliment me, please. That wasn’t…good of me to do. I try to be reasonable, Ksmvr. Someone has to be. I hate pulling rank. Or acting like Pisces. Don’t do what I just did. Unless you have no other choice.”
Ksmvr analyzed the contradictory statement and added it to his list of lessons.
“Yes, Yvlon. I will not do so unless necessary.”
The [Silversteel Armsmistress] smiled wanly at him. She nodded to the [Enchanter]’s door. People had seen the commotion and were staring from afar.
“I think we’ve caused enough trouble. Let’s go and sort it out later, Ksmvr. We shouldn’t bother people.”
“But we have a debt—”
“Remind me to teach you what politeness is, Ksmvr. And no, Pisces is seldom polite. Ceria either, for that matter.”
The two were walking off when the door to the [Enchanter]’s home opened. A man appeared in the doorway. He snapped after them.
“Why are you disturbing me?”
Ksmvr and Yvlon turned around. Ksmvr brightened, but Hedault was looking decidedly unhappy. His eyes locked on Ksmvr and he frowned.
“My apologies. Master Hedault?”
