7.20
Page 41
The Deadly Flower Blooming in the North. Magnolia Reinhart, of the Five Families. And she smiled that infuriating smile and looked at the [Innkeeper].
“Hello, Erin Solstice. I’ve been waiting to meet you again.”
Erin gawped at Magnolia. She stuttered.
“But you—the door—wait—wait—!”
But it was too late. Magnolia Reinhart swept forwards. And she was inside the inn. Everyone backed up from the [Lady]. She looked around.
“My, it is grander than I thought! But what lovely refurbishment. I’m sensing some Terandrian architecture here. Ressa?”
“Everything looks Terandrian to you. It’s a box.”
The [Maid] grumbled. She was glancing around. She looked straight at Grimalkin. The [Sinew Magus] had frozen. He was looking at Magnolia.
One of the highest-leveled [Ladies] in the world. And behind her came—
Pryde. Erin saw a stylized bob cut, blonde hair with dusky threads shining. Lady Pryde strode through the door. And she was wearing—
A tracksuit? No—yes! She looked like she had just walked out of a model lineup…fifty years ago. Out of some of the 1970’s of American fashion. Not just any tracksuit, either. It was made with glossy satin, bright yellow, and gave the impression of authority. The long leggings stretched down to Pryde’s shoes.
It fit her. If there was any woman meant for a business suit—or tracksuit, it was Pryde. And next to her—Erin’s mouth opened and she lost all words.
Because Wuvren followed Pryde. And if Pryde was striking, Wuvren was gorgeous. Her hair had been pulled back, and her makeup had been styled in a modern fashion. Her dress was very modern, revealing her bare shoulders, and it was kept up by a precarious strap around her neck. Her dress had no back.
She looked like a model. And she was the most beautiful woman Erin had ever seen, bar none. The young woman stared. Then she realized—Magnolia was also wearing a rather unique style of dress.
Of course, she was wearing pink. More rose in color. She had a wide-brimmed hat, and a—business-like dress. As in, someone from the business world might wear it. Maybe not in that shade of pink, but it was a jacket-like top and skirt, not a dress like most [Ladies] wore.
And they wore dresses, not—this. This was Earth’s fashion. Erin blinked at Magnolia. So did everyone else. Even their haircuts were minded in Earth’s fashion, not the styles of Terandria today.
Magnolia had kept her hair long and free-flowing, but Pryde had consented to her cut, and Wuvren had done the same with the braiding.
“No way. What is—I mean—Magnolia?”
The [Lady]’s eyes twinkled. She adjusted her hat as Ressa stepped past her, dressed as the Victorian-era [Maid] as usual.
“Erin, it is a delight to see you again. I hope you’ll pardon the intrusion, but I’ve heard so much about the door to Liscor. And if you don’t mind—I’ve brought some of my closest friends. May I introduce you to Lady Pryde and Lady Wuvren.”
“Charmed.”
Wuvren smiled at Erin. And the [Innkeeper]’s heart skipped a beat. Ishkr stared and someone sighed from the crowd—Wuvren was the [Eternal Beauty] and everyone fell in love with her.
“So this is the inn? Hm. So much to do over such a small place. And we’re in Liscor, are we? That’s decent magic.”
Pryde looked around. Her eyes flashed towards the Antinium. And her face froze. Magnolia nodded.
“We are in Liscor. Oh! It is something, to see all of this and not hear about it. Is this the [Grand Theater]? How nice! Although—I think the Season Theatre might be bigger at this point. And this must be little Mrsha!”
