7.20
Page 18
A young Stitch-girl, walking and talking with an older Stitch-woman, gave Maviola a look. She sighed, but pointed.
“Right there, Miss. Tourists.”
Revi commented to Dewlana and the two walked off. Maviola grinned. She debated kicking the rude Stitch-girl in the back. But then she walked off.
Soon, Maviola had her horse stabled. And then she found the nearest [Tailors], without asking for directions. She entered, reassured the salesclerk that she had gold, and emerged a few minutes later in travel clothes. Maviola looked around. And the city shone.
So did the young lady. People turned as she walked past. Her presence shone, even in the crowds. And so did her eyes. She looked around and smiled. The City of Adventure. A fitting place for something. Maviola El walked into the crowds.
“Oh, how it’s changed. I wonder if Seatale’s Tavern is still open?”
She walked forwards, excited. And she resolved to stay a day. If only to meet the Horns of Hammerad again. Antinium. How strange. They had just been faceless enemies two decades ago. Were they walking around now, as adventurers? She hadn’t known.
The thought made her feel…old.
 
—-
 
The Horns of Hammerad were not delayed long. Soon, the [Captain] found they were indeed Gold-ranks. Newly minted ones, but still Gold-ranks. He let them in, even with Ksmvr. Because the Antinium was indeed alone.
It was funny. Ceria had no doubt that in the south of Izril, Ksmvr’s very nature might get them attacked. But in the north? The Antinium weren’t as immediate; they had never passed Liscor. Pisces as a [Necromancer] was more reviled. An Antinium alone wasn’t a threat, especially in a Gold-rank team. Ksmvr was treated like a strange species, like a Selphid or Drowned Man.
And they were here. The adventurers stared around. Buildings, as tall as Liscor’s very vertical city, stretched upwards. But Invrisil was far vaster than Liscor, where you could almost always see the walls boxing in the city.
It might have been ten times as large as Liscor. Or twenty? People of every species bustled around the walkways. A thousand sights to see. People calling out the latest attractions. Gelato from Terandria, the latest sights at the Season Theatre, a menagerie showcasing a caught Griffin—
“Invrisil. I remember passing through with the original Horns…dead gods, must be three years ago. Have you been here before, Pisces, Yvlon?”
“Once. But briefly.”
The [Necromancer] murmured. Yvlon nodded, looking around.
“I used to visit all the time as a girl. Not so much after I became an adventurer, ironically. I always thought I’d come back here, though.”
Ceria nodded. Back. That was the thing. The City of Adventurers had a lot of work for adventurers. It was connected to most places and you’d pass through on missions. But—it was for higher-ranking teams. You’d come back here, after making your mark. And then you’d have the coin to buy all the magical items on display, to walk into the back of the Adventurer’s Guild and sit with the Gold-ranks.
The half-Elf found a smile crossing her face. And that was what had happened. She looked at Yvlon, who understood.
“We’re here. We made it back.”
“It took us a while. But we did. I wish the others could have seen it.”
Yvlon stood, looking around the city as if she’d never seen it before. Ceria was smiling and nodding, caught between—happiness and regret. Pisces scratched at the back of his head. He looked at his two friends, and about the city.
Ksmvr? He just stared. The [Skirmisher] turned his head, his attention rapt on this unfamiliar world.
