7.20
Page 37
The young man stared at her challengingly. Rose shook her head, at a loss. She saw another figure, leading more of their group.
“Joseph! Where have you been? I’ve been trying to contact Ryoka, but they said she’s on a run!”
“I know.”
The young man rubbed at his head. he was sober, since their group had run out of coin. Imani and the other people from Earth were standing with him.
“Why are you all here? I thought we were going to look for jobs!”
Rose snapped at them. She was angry. They were out of coin, and yes, she was responsible for part of it for tipping their [Wagon Driver] and escorts, but everyone had mismanaged the coin. And now they couldn’t even find work?
“It’s settled, Rose. We’ll have enough money to rent an inn tonight. Not a good one, but we can figure out if we’re going to keep heading to Liscor tonight.”
Joseph stuck his hands in his pockets. He looked…miserable. Imani, nervous, glanced around as Rose threw up her hands.
“How? Did you steal the money?”
“No. I sold my sword. I got a good price for it.”
“What?”
Rose was appalled. Joseph looked at her.
“Don’t worry. I haggled for it. Hard. I went to six shops and checked the prices. I’m not an idiot.”
“You just sold one of our only weapons.”
“Yeah. Because I’m not good with it. I’ve seen our [Guards] training. And the Pithfire Hounds. I’d just get killed. Now we have money.”
“For now.”
“Well, what did you want to do?”
“Alms! Thank you, Miss. Alms for the—”
Joseph scowled.
“Don’t be an asshole, Kevin. Stop shouting at people. They’ll arrest you.”
“Hey! I’m making money—”
“We should be trying to meet the Players of Celum! Not wasting time like this! Why are you all following Joseph?”
Rose snapped at the others. Joseph closed his eyes.
“Rose! We’re not seeing a play! We can’t afford it and unless Ryoka gets money to us, we have to find our way to Liscor by ourselves!”
The others looked worried. Rose glared at Joseph. Neither one was in charge, or rather, both thought they were, so that led to these fights.
“If we could just find one of the Players—”
“They’re famous. We’re nobodies and we have no money.”
Joseph snapped back. Rose pointed at one of the big posters.
“But they could help us! Didn’t you see the play they’re putting on? It’s Pygmalion! They know about home! Don’t tell me we shouldn’t—”
“It could be a trap. We’re going to Liscor. Ryoka warned us about Wistram.”
“Well, she took our electronics and left us here—”
“Hey, guys. Chill.”
“Shut up, Kevin!”
Rose and Joseph shouted at him. The young man raised his hands and backed up. The two young people began to argue.
“This is all your fault, Rose. Not mine. If you didn’t give away our money.”
“I thought we had more! Everyone else kept borrowing from the money pouch, even though I said—”
“You’re the one who looked at our coins and said ‘yeah, that’s all we have, why don’t I give it away to these people?’ You tipped them the last of our coin!”
“And you were drunk half the way here!”
The passionate argument was attracting attention. Kevin furtively edged away and kept begging. One of the [Beggars] was taking notes from his unique style. But then—Rose began to sniff.
She wiped at her eyes. Joseph broke off and the other Earthers looked askance. Rose was angry, and crying.
“We messed this up. Why does it always go wrong? I tried. But we’re not Ryoka. Or that other girl. I tried so hard and—”
“It’ll be okay. We’re nearly there. Well…no, but we can try. We just have to work. No more Gnoll [Maids].”
