7.20
Page 49
Magnolia Reinhart spoke lightly. She followed Kel, pausing as she walked along the 8th Floor. And Pallass looked up at her. A [Lady], dressed in a new style.
“Ressa, my documents. Also—how do I look?”
“Dressed.”
The [Maid] was glancing around tightly. She had a manila folder. Magnolia accepted it. Pryde paused on the 8th Floor.
“Not a bad city.”
She looked down her nose at the city. The embodiment of a deadly sin. Or a virtue for Drakes. Wuvren blew a kiss as she walked and broke ten thousand hearts.
Charm and pride and…Magnolia saw a figure being carried towards her. Chaldion himself was sitting up in his bed. The Lady Reinhart stopped, in clear view of everyone.
“Grand Strategist, I would have come to you.”
“Save it. That—show me what you found. Did you just detect the exact count of Antinium in Liscor? Magus Grimalkin says there’s a tunnel—”
Chaldion was reaching for the piece of paper. Magnolia offered it to him. He read, cursed, and read again.
“Completely accurate. Nalthaliarstrelous is a high-level [Druid]. I hope you’ll copy this information to the other Walled Cities, and Liscor of course. Also—”
Magnolia’s next words were drowned out by a cheer. People were pointing up at her. And word was spreading. Grimalkin paused, staring at the [Ladies]. And now it was becoming clear.
An ally. Chaldion blinked with his good eye at Magnolia. He glanced over the side of the 8th floor.
Drakes and Gnolls and Garuda and Dullahans were cheering. Calling Magnolia’s name. Not all of them. A minority in fact. But some remembered.
During the First Antinium War, Magnolia Reinhart led the defense of Izril against the Antinium.
That was a page from a history book. And they remembered it now. The [Lady] waved a hand, and the people cheered. More were looking at Pryde’s dress, or Wuvren’s style.
Wistram had reinstated the scrying spell. It was zooming in on the three [Ladies]. All adorned in unique fashion. Someone in Wistram was having a fit.
And Lady Magnolia? She looked at Chaldion.
“I hope you can appreciate the moment, Strategist Chaldion. It took some doing. I have a few more gifts as well. This would be for your [Engineers].”
She offered him a page. The [Grand Strategist] looked at a diagram of a gear. A system of pullies…he looked up.
“This is the elevator. And this?”
“Moving floors. Escalators. I’d be happy to discuss it more. I have a few more notes, but this is goodwill.”
The [Lady] looked at the Drake. His good eye narrowed. She had taken more than just dresses from her guests. Information. All that mattered.
“You’re putting all your eggs in one basket, Lady Reinhart. Why now?”
“Hm. I hope you’ll attend a…little party in Oteslia in the near future, Grand Strategist. As for why?”
Magnolia Reinhart turned her head. She lifted her hat and smiled down at the people of Pallass. And they shouted her name.
“Reinhart! Magnolia Reinhart!”
Cheering for her. A member of the Five Families. What madness.
Onieva, looking up, sighed longingly at Magnolia.
“Ancestors. What a presence. And that dress.”
Mirn gazed up at Magnolia’s stylized dress. At Pyrde, Wuvren. The [Protector] spoke longingly.
“Especially that dress. What style is that? I need it. Onieva, go up there and strip them.”
Magnolia glanced at Chaldion as the cheering went on.
“Humans should not be alone. How long have our species fought? Consider this a gift, Grand Strategist. And think on my words? We have bigger enemies than each other.”
