7.20
Page 15
“And you know your actions are punishable? You were jailed. The goodwill certain members of our society have towards you does not place you above the law. You understand that when I warn you, it is a true warning?”
“…Yes. I’m sorry.”
Erin hung her head. She felt her stomach twisting a bit. Grimalkin sighed. He drummed his claws on the table as Erin fidgeted.
“Pallass would like to be—strongly connected with The Wandering Inn, Erin. I’ve been aiming for that myself. This warning is, I hope, carefully taken, but without animosity.”
“You’ve been wanting Pallass to be buddy-buddy with the inn and Liscor? Aw, Grimalkin! I didn’t know you cared!”
Erin glanced up, smiling. The [Sinew Magus] looked at her.
“Why did you ask Pelt to begin with, Erin? You’re not a fool. You clearly knew…”
He broke off, eying her. Erin shrugged.
“I thought he’d be happier. That’s all. I mean, it would help Liscor. But I thought Pelt would like it more.”
“Just that?”
The [Mage] looked incredulous. And Erin gave Grimalkin a cheerful, and unsettlingly direct smile.
“Yes. Sometimes I like doing things that I think will make people happier. And do other things. But I like doing good things for friends. Is that strange for Pallass’ leadership to consider?”
The Drake narrowed his eyes. And the [Innkeeper] glanced at him.
“Why does Pallass like me, though?”
“Aside from the fact that you have a magical door?”
“…Oh. So the Walled City actually likes me?”
The Drake had a headache. How could someone be so intelligent and so obtuse at the same time? He saw Lyonette giving him a sympathetic shake of the head as she passed by. Grimalkin shook his head slowly.
“Affection has nothing to do with this, Miss Solstice. It’s about courting useful allies and individuals. Their relationship matters, but…this is a matter of forging connections. Do you—do you understand the basics of politics?”
“Um…you make laws?”
How much was deliberate? Erin turned as a welcome relief came for both sides. Drassi stopped at the table.
“One…Meat Supreme Sub…and two letters for you, Erin. Street Runner from Liscor.”
Drassi panted. She put down the gigantic disgrace to cuisine on the table. Grimalkin eyed the stacked meat.
“I heard people talking about it. Excellent. This is an absurd amount of meat you realize, Miss Solstice?”
“Yup. Are you…gonna eat all of it?”
Not even Palt and Beza and Numbtongue had managed anything close to one whole sub. Relc hadn’t come by, but—Grimalkin nodded.
“It’s hardly…elegant. But I’m still rebuilding my body to its optimal condition. I’ll digest it—I may need more drinks.”
“Coming up! Drassi, water! And—aw, it’s just more of the spam letters.”
Erin sighed. She looked at both letters, addressed to her. Grimalkin eyed embossed lettering and rather delicate penmanship.
“Spam?”
“Mhm. Junk mail. You know—it’s like Pallass courting me. Wait—these can’t be real, can they?”
Laughing, she showed him one of the letters. Grimalkin choked on his bite. The letter was from Oteslia—the other from Manus. Erin waved both as she began to fold one to make an airplane for the fireplace. Then she thought better; Mrsha liked drawing on the backs.
“I keep getting them. Invitations. You know, ‘would you like to visit Oteslia? Travel and lodging paid for a week!’ I dunno, it looks like a tourist advertisement.”
The [Sinew Magus] just stared. He began thinking, and then slowly, nodded.
“They sent letters addressed to you. And you think…? No, you’re absolutely right. Another piece of the puzzle. [Tourist]? Where is that a common class in…?”
