7.20
Page 22
“One for the [Hostler]. I’ll give you one for running the information, but the rest only go to someone who brings me to them.”
Grev produced two glossy pieces of paper, and the young boy’s eyes went round. He snatched at one. And then Grev held out the other.
“Straight to the [Hostler]. It doesn’t disappear. [Street’s Honor].”
“I wouldn’t sell it! I’ll get it to ‘em—only let me out the back so I can get out!”
“This way.”
Grev led the boy out and then whirled around. His eyes were shining.
“Did you hear? The Horns’re here at last! Took them long enough! But if they’re here, that means so’s the magic door!”
“Yes indeed. This should be interesting.”
Typhenous stroked his beard, smiling broadly. Halrac didn’t smile, but he did lean back in his chair.
“Might be worth finding them to visit the inn. Briganda will want to see it.”
“Too right! These are the new Gold-ranks, right?”
“Yup. They’re an odd team. New, but competent. We should find them and join up; the Players will want to meet them too—”
Revi skidded into the inn around Redit as Halrac was trying to explain each member to Briganda.
“Halrac! Typhenous! I just heard that the Horns of Hammerad were in the city! Someone was talking about this giant bug and it has to be—”
Typhenous gave Revi a smile and she stopped.
“Grev just got word, Revi. The street moves faster than gossip. We were just thinking of finding them. It shouldn’t be too hard. I imagine the first thing they’ll do is visit the Adventurer’s Guild, right, Halrac?”
The [Scout] was nodding.
“That, or the [Enchanter], Hedault.”
Revi snorted, annoyed by the name.
“Good luck with that. We haven’t gotten more than an appointment in two weeks, and that’s just because we’re established names. There’s no way the Horns will…”
She trailed off. The [Summoner] looked at Typhenous and Halrac. Briganda sat up.
“Cade, sit on the table for a second. Halrac, is this a new Gold-rank team?”
“…Yes.”
The [Scout] frowned. He looked at the others. Briganda raised her eyebrows.
“Which means they’ll go to the Gold-rank section. First time?”
“Damn. We have to catch them.”
Revi shot to her feet. The other Gold-rank adventurers stood up. Grev looked confused.
“I was gonna go out and find them. What’s wrong?”
“They may not know how things work, Grev. Let’s go to the Guild. That should be their first stop. Briganda, can you leave Cade here?”
Griffon Hunt hurried towards the doors. Briganda pointed at the [Bouncer]
“Watch after Cade.”
“Me?”
The man protested, but the adventurers were already out in the street. To save the Horns from themselves.
The Horns of Hammerad were in Invrisil. And that news was worrying. To their friends in particular. Because if Invrisil was unprepared for magic doors and Erin Solstice—the new Gold-rank adventurers weren’t prepared for Invrisil.
They were used to Liscor and Celum. But Invrisil was one of the cities. It had rules which the Horns didn’t know about, even if they’d visited a few times. They might have been the big cheese in a small city, but in Invrisil?
There were rats.
 
—-
 
Pisces and Ceria walked into the Gold-rank section of the Adventurer’s Guild. Ceria was breathing a bit heavily. With nerves.
She’d already checked into the Guild and inquired after the families of the deceased. That had been hard, but the [Receptionist] had assured her they’d get in contact within three days’ time. Then—after verifying their rank, she’d pointed Ceria towards this room.
The Gold-rank’s bar and private area. It was, to adventurers, something of a holy land for anyone under Gold-rank status. A place everyone wanted to enter.
