7.20
Page 16
He was adding to his notes on her. Erin scowled. She liked Grimalkin. He was sort of a jerk at times, but she thought he was a genuinely good person.
But like Xrn—she wasn’t a Pallassian. And she didn’t trust him. Heck, Erin slightly regretted telling some of her other friends. How many knew or suspected? And they didn’t know…
“Wait, these aren’t real offers, are they? No one just pays for people to visit! Why me?”
“Why indeed.”
The Drake gave Erin a searching look. But her confusion was genuine, which in turn genuinely confused him. Erin stared down at the letter. And part of the problem was that she didn’t think of herself as…important enough to be sent an offer like this. She laughed a bit.
“No way. Right?”
That was Erin Solstice. She felt the tugging again, from the door. And she turned her head. On days like this, there was so much she missed. So much she saw through.
And it was coming. Can you feel it in the air? Erin could. But what, she didn’t know for certain. She had plans. Plans that involved, yes, advantage to Liscor, to her inn. But also making Pelt happier. And luring him out of a city so she could ask about magic rings.
Because Dwarves probably knew about magical rings. Or was that racist? And her coin. And…
Was it today? Invrisil awaited. The gates were opening, and the Horns of Hammerad stood in line, speaking with a young [Lady] who had lived in an era when three times as many nobles ruled Izril. And—was it now?
The City of Adventurers. As famous as Pallass, the City of Invention. But if Pallass had begun to take note of the temptress in her garden, the other city was unprepared.
Unsecure. Unable to comprehend what waited. A laughing trickster that mocked law and tradition.
The door entered the city. And it called to her.
Lady Chaos. The Damsel of Drama. The Harbinger of Hilarity. No one ever called her these things, in point of actual fact. But her time had come again. And this city had no idea. No idea—
Was it all an accident, as she claimed? Or was it fate? Some Skill?
Or was she smart enough to plot it all out in advance? No one knew. But here was a question to keep you up at night: which would be more terrifying if true?
The next day began as Erin stared at her magical door now and then. Wondering what she was feeling.
Soon.
 
—-
 
And then they were at the gates. As the sun rose, so did the portcullis. And despite it all, the adventurers couldn’t say it had been an entirely unwelcome night.
They’d made a friend. Maviola stood with them, talking more naturally, even with Ksmvr.
“Just stick in the city for a day or two. Tell us where you’re staying; maybe we can get the same inn. We’re actually delivering cargo. And you’ll want to see what happens.”
Ceria was talking to Maviola, but the [Lady] herself wasn’t sure if she’d be staying.
“I don’t have a plan. What kind of cargo is this?”
She glanced at the door as the wagon rolled forwards. Ceria grinned.
“The best kind. I shouldn’t say just yet, but—”
“Reason for entry?”
The [Guardsman] was yawning as he checked people through the gate. But he did a double-take as he stared at Yvlon and Ksmvr in the driver’s seat.
“What is that?”
He grabbed for his weapon. Yvlon raised one hand.
“That’s our teammate. Ksmvr. He’s an Antinium. We’re the Horns of Hammerad, a Gold-rank team.”
“An Antini—they’re not—that’s a Drake thing. No one’s seen an Antinium in the north—”
The [Guardsman] backed up. Ksmvr opened his mandibles and smiled.
“Hello. I am Ksmvr. I am not a monster—”
