7.20
Page 27
The youngest half-Elf protested. Her mother gave her a reproving look and she fell silent. Two chairs were pulled over. Ceria was about to sit when she had to ask.
“Sorry, my name’s Ceria Springwalker. Can I ask who you all are?”
A smile. The others laughed and the half-Elf Captain, the one with the silver bow raised a hand. She was young. A bit older than Ceria, but…young. And her daughter was super young. She replied, calmly.
“My name is Elia Arcsinger. Named Adventurer and Captain of Arcsinger’s Bows.”
Ceria’s jaw fell. Pisces started.
“Oh dead gods. You’re famous! My entire village talked about you—I’m so sorry!”
Ceria stammered. Pisces just eyed Elia up and down as her daughter smirked. But they were at the table and Elia looked amused. Intrigued, even.
Hell’s Wardens. That was a title that had respect, even among Gold-ranks. Todi grumbled under his breath. He eyed Pisces from behind.
“Pisces. Pisces. Where do I know that fucking name? I’ve heard it, but I haven’t met an asshole like him—”
“Captain. I know it!”
One of Todi’s teammates leaned over. He whispered. Todi shot up.
“I knew it! You’re that fucking [Necromancer] with the bounty!”
He bellowed. Every head turned as he pointed at Pisces. Ceria froze. Pisces’ shoulders hunched, and then he swung around. He looked at Todi’s triumphant face.
“Yes. And?”
The man faltered. Pisces looked at him.
“You can try to claim it. I need a new wand.”
Then he turned around. Todi went crimson. He looked at his team, at Pisces’ back, and at Elia Arcsinger. What might have happened next was anyone’s guess. One more smart comment from Pisces—or Elia’s frown turning into an order for Ceria and Pisces to vacate the table—
It could have been any of these things. But at that moment, the door blew open and Griffon Hunt strode into the room. Revi was in the lead, panting. She took one look at the scene and assumed the worst. And she wasn’t really wrong.
“Oh dead gods. I am so sorry. You idiots! Get up! Miss Arcsinger, sorry—get over here! Didn’t you even bring your entire team?”
She yanked Pisces and Ceria up, and was dragging them to the door before anyone could blink.
“Halrac! Revi? Ow, let go of my hair!”
Ceria protested. Pisces was yelping as Revi scolded them. She saw Halrac, Typhenous—and a woman she didn’t recognize standing in the doorway. And she was very confused.
“You didn’t come here with your team? Don’t you know anything about how this works? What did you say? That’s Elia Arcsinger. You can’t just bother—”
“Revi.”
Halrac put a hand out. Revi shut up and looked about. The Gold-rank teams were all staring. Todi blinked a few times.
“You know these two jackasses, Halrac?”
“That’s right, Todi. We’ve adventured with them. So have the Silver Swords and the Halfseekers. They’re new, but they’re good adventurers.”
Ceria blinked and the tips of her pointed ears turned red as Halrac stood with her. Had someone hit him on the head? Who was this Halrac? Pisces was blinking as Typhenous whispered to him, using a miniaturized [Silence] spell.
“The Half-Freaks and those insane snobs? They don’t know anything, Halrac. Came in here, rude as you like. To me.”
Todi emphasized the words. Halrac sighed.
“Todi, you’re not the most welcoming Captain in the world. I apologize on their behalf.”
He glanced at Elia’s team. She waved a hand, looking vaguely amused. Halrac glanced around.
“Let’s forget this happened.”
“Fat chance of that.”
Todi growled. But the Gold-ranks were nodding. Todi’s face soured, but Halrac saw more than a few teams looking mildly respectful. He grimaced, and motioned to the two [Mages].
