7.20
Page 12
“Ah—my mother wanted to give you the coin for last time. Visma ate the ice cream, Miss Solstice…”
The young Drake, blushing, shyly offered Erin some coins. She waved it away, laughing, and slapped him on the shoulder. He jumped.
“Don’t worry about it! Visma’s Mrsha’s friend. And a friend of a friend is…uh, it’s on the house!”
She nodded at Lyonette and the [Princess] nodded back. Anything for Mrsha’s little friends. The older brother watched his sister run into the inn, shouting for Mrsha. He nodded to Erin, blushing still, and hurried after her.
“Esthelm. Hello! Anyone for Liscor? Come on through! One moment please!”
Erin waved at the Humans waiting in line. A few she knew; the others bowed to her, having heard of her by reputation. Erin adjusted the door as Lyonette let her take over. She moved the dial to the third setting.
“Anyone for Wailant’s—”
A gaggle of Humans stared at Erin. She stared back. Citizens of Celum, [Farmers], and more were waiting.
“Is this the inn?”
“Told you. Pay up. I mean, pay me later. Morning, Miss Solstice! Just spreading the word about your inn to other folk. Good business, I imagine.”
The [Pirate], Wailant, winked at Erin. She gave him a look. But she had to welcome people through. And whatever Wailant’s finder fee was—she wasn’t in the mood to catch him today.
“Hey, is Numbtongue here? Thought I might stop by.”
Garia was at the end of the pack. The fit City Runner looked like she’d dropped another few pounds. Erin blinked at her. This was more than just weight loss. She even looked more…lithe.
“Um—yeah. He’s having breakfast. Come on in, Garia! You’re looking good!”
“I know. Thanks, Erin!”
The young woman closed the door as Garia came through. Wailant sighed, and walked off. And then—Erin stared at the door.
“Curious and curiouser.”
The feeling hadn’t disappeared. Erin felt like something was calling to her from the door. Her eyes moved to two unused stones on the door. She kept trying one, on a hunch. The red stone that had belonged to the Redfang Goblins and Cave Goblins. But the other one? Her hand reached for it—
And then, Erin remembered.
“Pallass.”
Almost perfunctorily, she switched it to Pallass and threw the door open. Then she’d try—
Muscles stared down at her. Erin looked at the green wall of scale and sinew in front of her and blinked. Then she looked up. Grimalkin was standing in the doorway, arms folded.
“Miss Solstice.”
“Oh. Grimalkin! Hey! You want to come through?”
“Among others.”
The [Sinew Magus] stepped through. And Erin saw—six people waiting in line. She blinked. Octavia hurried forwards.
“Sorry! I’m late for my meeting with Master Saliss! Thanks for breakfast, Erin—I took some food for—”
“Halt! No entry without—”
“She’s on the list!”
Erin shouted at Kel. Grimalkin waved a claw and the [Guardsman] checked his list. Erin stared at the two Drakes, a Dullahan, and two Gnolls and a Garuda. She recognized none of them.
“Are they on the list?”
“They are.”
Kel informed Erin. She crossed her arms and smirked at him.
“How do I know?”
Sergeant Kel’s right eye began to twitch uncontrollably. The Drake [Sergeant] slowly turned his list towards her.
“But you could have just written that down. How do I know—”
“I don’t have time for this. Miss Solstice, kindly stop harassing Pallass’ City Watch.”
Grimalkin sighed. Erin looked at him.
“Oh, fine. Come on through! Anyone want to go to Liscor? Anyone for the Strongheart Farm? They’ve got good eggs! Esthelm?”
“Me! Me, please!”
One of the two Drakes pushed forwards. It was—Emessa. The Drake [Blacksmith] apprentice glanced at Erin.
