7.20
Page 29
Ksmvr pointed to the nameplate over the small apartment in the upscale area of Invrisil. Yvlon nodded, eying the thick, enchanted door. There was something like a scrying orb—or half of one inserted into the door. Like a peephole, but magical.
Well, the apartment looked magical in itself. And rich. The sign plate read: Hedault—[Enchanter]. Nothing more. Ksmvr walked up to the door.
“Ksmvr, maybe I should knock—”
Too late. The Antinium used the door knocker and rapped a few times. He stood back.
Silence. The door didn’t open and no sound came from within. Ksmvr looked at Yvlon. She shrugged.
“Maybe he’s out.”
“He is not, though. I see a light through that window.”
The Antinium pointed at a window. Yvlon squinted and saw, behind a closed blind, a flash of magical light. She blinked. Ksmvr was observant.
“True. Maybe he didn’t hear?”
“I shall knock again.”
Rap, rap. This time Ksmvr was louder. Yvlon saw the people on the street staring at him, but no one was screaming. A good sign. Ksmvr happily rapped on the door six times. Then eight. Then twelve…
“Ksmvr, I think you’re knocking too long.”
The Antinium paused.
“But perhaps he is short of hearing. I should keep knocking.”
He began to knock again and Yvlon was raising a hand when the scrying orb flashed. Ksmvr leapt back, drawing a shortsword and his Forceshield in a moment. Yvlon saw words writing themselves in the air, in an irritable, fast scrawl, as if someone was writing them with a quill.
 
NO SOLICITORS. BEGONE.
 
The words hovered, and then vanished. Ksmvr and Yvlon looked at each other. Some of the pedestrians saw the armed Antinium and backed up fast. Yvlon took no notice.
“Well, he clearly heard that. Maybe he’s busy. We can try again later.”
Ksmvr sheathed his blade.
“But he owes us a favor. That is what Ryoka Griffin said. Hello? Enchanter Hedault! We are a team of adventurers who would like to speak with you! We are the Horns of Hammerad! I believe a favor is owed and we are here to collect it!”
He put two hands to his mandibles and bellowed at the apartment. Yvlon shook her head.
“Ksmvr! That’s not how you address someone.”
“How should I do it, then?”
The Antinium was walking towards the window where the light had been, waving his spare hand. Yvlon was about to tell him to come away and explain the intricacies of speech vis-a-vis what sounded like a threat when she heard marching boots.
“There it is!”
Someone pointed. Yvlon groaned as she saw a squad of Invrisil’s [Guards] appear around the corner. They jerked when they saw Ksmvr.
Apparently, word hadn’t spread fast enough about him. Because the Watch leveled their weapons at Ksmvr.
“Halt!”
Their leader, a female [Sergeant], aimed a hand-crossbow at Ksmvr, looking unsettled. Yvlon moved. She put her hand out.
“Lower your weapons. That’s my teammate, an adventurer.”
The Watch stared at Yvlon. They stared at her arms. Ksmvr looked up, and then crept over to the window. He peered through the little gap.
“Hello? I am an adventurer. Are you alive? I believe a favor is owed. Hello? …Is it w—”
Yvlon looked at him, cursing, but the Watch was spreading out. The [Sergeant] pointed at Ksmvr.
“What is that thing?”
“He’s Antinium—”
“Antinium? Those are just Drake stories!”
One of the [Guards] cried out. Ksmvr turned his head and someone drew back on an arrow. Yvlon blocked them.
“He’s an adventurer. I’m a Gold-rank adventurer. We’re part of the Horns of Hammerad.”
“A Gold-rank team?”
The [Sergeant] blinked at Yvlon, and then at Ksmvr. But her nerves had overtaken her sense. Ksmvr looked like a giant bug-man—a monster.
