7.20
Page 13
“I’m going to Liscor, and then Esthelm. To look into—um—can I go to each? Do I have to pay…?”
“Nope! Free of charge! Which one first? Liscor? Through you go! And you just have to wait like ten minutes, tops, and the door will open! Have a nice day!”
Erin waved after Emessa. And then she smiled to herself. Aha! The other guests hurried past, staring at the inn, asking about the play.
And then—Erin turned back to the door and saw Grimalkin. He was standing there. Watching her.
She jumped. The [Sinew Magus] eyed Erin and then stared at the door that Emessa had hurried through.
“Miss Solstice. May I have a word? On behalf of…Pallass.”
Erin stared at Grimalkin. She looked at the door, and then at the [Sinew Magus]’s narked expression.
“Aw. What, am I in trouble?”
“Yes.”
 
—-
 
The inn was back to normal. Or rather—the pain had ceased. The danger was non-imminent. For now—the inn was peaceful.
And because it was, on such a day as this, Apista woke up. She was rather miffed as she flew around the Garden of Sanctuary. Someone had been having a good time. And it hadn’t been her. She’d rather enjoyed the sensations, but it wasn’t her mating.
And in fact, the Ashfire Bee had a purpose today. She flitted about the Garden, busily inspecting the growing plants. They were shooting up, thanks to a certain Gnoll [Druid] who was racing around the garden with her best friend, Visma. Ekirra was grounded due to throwing a ball through a window.
Soon, though, Apista flew towards the special hill at the back of the garden. There were no statues for her. But there were the flowers.
The Faerie Flowers bloomed in the garden, vibrant. Magical. The bee alighted on each, sucking up the nectar, spreading pollen.
Not getting high. A shock! An upset! The bee ingested the nectar, but it didn’t go into her stomach-stomach, but her other stomach. Her honey-stomach, which bees had and was separate from the digestion one.
Bee fact. And that was deliberate on Apista’s part. Now she was feeling better, she was working on her project.
Because Apista had a life. She was a bee who knew how to take care of herself, even if she and Lyonette were a pair. She had mixed feelings on the Pawn thing too, but at least Lyonette might increase the size of her Hive in time.
And when her second stomach was full, the bee flew off. She did a loop-de-loop out of the joy of flight as she flew up, through the garden’s roof. And she appeared on top of the inn.
A Worker Antinium stared as Apista flew past him. Belgrade, waking up and sitting in his room and marveling at his own Fortress of Fluff TM, saw Apista fly by his window. He waved.
Bird aimed his bow down from his tower in progress on the third floor.
“Oh. It is Apista. How disappointing.”
The bee flew through a window. Lyonette’s. Mrsha had been the only one asleep the entire night there. But the bee was a third occupant from time to time, although she had a lovely little nest in the Garden of Sanctuary. But today—she climbed up to the top of the dresser. And there, on the top, was a bit of…hive.
A few small, hexagonal cells made of propolis and other substances. Honeycomb. Just a few sections, nothing like an actual Hive with walls. The inn was her hive. And still, it was part of the Hive.
A crucial part. Apista crawled over to the little container. She had to process as her insides moved for a moment. And then—
