7.20
Page 6
The [Lady]’s dress was mussed from travel. And her hair was in disarray. More than that—she looked a bit saddle sore. Yvlon hadn’t seen a saddle on her horse. The young woman was wearing slippers, not riding boots.
Her clothing didn’t fit, Yvlon realized. And that made her suspect a [Thief]. But who wore what they stole? And for all that, she belonged in the clothes. She had a presence.
Her hair was jet black, mixed with fiery red and orange. Like embers in the smoke. Long gleaming hair, a strong profile—oh yes. Yvlon recognized the blood of a noble house at once. Many mothers had childbearing or bloodline Skills. Some fathers, come to that. The nobility and even royalty bred their offspring to be the best.
But the young woman was perfectly respectful. She bowed slightly, smiling with a touch of wariness as she held up a string with bells attached.
“I broke it, I’m sorry. I—hope I’m not intruding? I was wondering if I could—share the pot? I can pay, but I was locked out of the city with everyone else. And I don’t have supplies for the night…”
Her words were also a bit odd. Not as if she had a lisp, but rather the tone and wording themselves. She switched from authoritative to polite halfway through. Yvlon got the impression the young woman’s preference would have been to demand the adventurer’s food.
All heads turned to Ceria. The [Ice Mage] blinked, but she only had to look at Yvlon for a second before she smiled.
“Of course. Don’t worry about the money. We’re all stuck. I’ve never heard of Invrisil being closed. Come on in—we’ve got more than enough food. Come to that, I wonder if anyone else is hungry? I thought I saw some families.”
She looked at Yvlon. And that was why she liked Ceria. The [Armsmistress] half-rose.
“I saw a few families. I can check.”
The young woman was hesitating at the opening to the ice house. She looked at Ksmvr and then pretended not to be. Ceria smiled and waved her over.
“Come in, have a seat. Don’t mind Ksmvr. He’s…”
“Antinium.”
The young woman murmured. She walked forwards. Not afraid, but wary of Ksmvr. She studied him as Ksmvr raised two hands on his left side.
“Hello, I am Ksmvr. I am not a monster. Also, I do not eat people. I am an adventurer and perfectly safe.”
He’d been working on that introduction. It hadn’t ever quite worked beforehand, but the young woman nodded tightly. She sat on the other end of the fire as Ceria checked the pot. Yvlon was heading for the door when a figure bustled in.
“I’ve just done a quick circuit of the other fires. It looks like most people are well attended to—oh, hello. Who is this, then? A guest? Many people are sharing fires.”
Pisces smiled innocuously at the young lady. Maviola glanced at Pisces, and smiled in a friendly way as Yvlon stared at Pisces. He gave her a nod and stepped back.
“Thank you, I didn’t know where to go. I was about to ride back, but I was afraid my horse would stumble in the darkness.”
Maviola didn’t seem surprised to see him. Nor had she blinked at his sudden entrance as the rest of Pisces’ team had. The [Necromancer]’s [Invisibility] spell…hadn’t worked on Maviola El.
But no one noticed that. Ceria sighed as she stared at the browned cheesy potatoes, bubbling hot.
“Dinner’s ready! Don’t worry about paying. Miss…?”
“Maviola. And thank you. Are you sure you wouldn’t accept—?”
The half-Elf impatiently waved off the offer as she ladled the piping hot food into bowls and passed them around.
“We’ve got money. We’re adventurers, actually. The Horns of Hammerad. Any idea why Invrisil is closed?”
