7.20
Page 46
“All questions will be answered. Would you kindly cast a [Scrying] spell to Wistram? I’m sure you’ve already informed them I’m here. If they’re waiting, please connect me. Onto that new television network.”
How did she know? But it was all cause and effect. Of course, Palt and Beza and Montressa had been screaming the news. But how had Magnolia known they were here?
But there was nothing for it. Wistram was screaming at her for a broadcast anyways. The [Aegiscaster] slowly raised a finger to her temple. Her eyes unfocused and then she felt part of her consciousness fade away.
“[Scrying].”
“Thank you. Ah, Reynold, the scrying orb?”
The [Butler] produced it. Magnolia stared into the blank orb. So did everyone else. Pryde edged over and gently…shoved Magnolia to one side. Wuvren took up the background. And then—there was an image of Magnolia Reinhart.
Just her. No Noass—or anyone else. The broadcast had cut off and Magnolia had appeared. The Floodplains were at her back. Well, Pryde was in the way. Then Magnolia gently shoved her aside.
There was the [Lady]. People began to tune in. The King of Destruction, idly watching and not understanding all the nuances. Terandrian royalty. But most importantly—the Walled Cities. Pallass especially.
And [Lords] and [Ladies]. Ieka Imarris choked as she saw the image. Maviola, standing in the inn with the Horns and Players of Celum, gazed at Magnolia Reinhart’s face.
And Tyrion Veltras saw Magnolia smiling at him. His gut clenched.
Magnolia Reinhart spoke to her audience, which was really Montressa, as if she was used to the idea of a camera. She adjusted her hat. And then nodded.
“Good evening to you all. I am Magnolia Reinhart. And I have your attention.”
The [Lady] looked about, and laughed a bit to herself. Self-consciously.
“My, I didn’t plan this part out at all. Well—to begin, I’m in Liscor. On the walls, with Lady Pryde and Wuvren. Wave for the people, Pryde.”
“No.”
The view moved. Magnolia stepped to one side, and the viewers saw the city from above. Magnolia spoke, and everyone could see the staring Drakes and Gnolls, gazing up at her. Watch Captain Zevara and the Council were frozen in the background.
“Liscor. It is quite a lovely place. I feel privileged to stand on the walls. Rather than see it damaged.”
She looked at the audience. Straight at Tyrion Veltras. Standing on the walls of Liscor. The [Lord]’s hand cracked the scrying orb as he stared at her. Magnolia went on.
“But I don’t mean to harp. I only asked for a bit of attention at this moment to make a small speech. Something about alliances. Here—we have Liscor’s Council. Councilmembers Krshia and Lism, I believe. And the stalwart, fiery, I daresay, Watch Captain Zevara.”
The Drakes and Gnoll started. Lism looked at the scrying orb, saw himself in it, and gave the worst smile to the scrying orb. Krshia did the same. Magnolia’s was more realistic.
“I was just saying how delighted I was to visit Liscor. And it is a rather unique thing, a Human coming to this city. But Liscor is…an important place. It marks the boundary between south and north. And it is also where Drakes and Gnolls and Humans fought. Against a common foe.”
She looked across Liscor. Something was moving. A thread of black bodies and a blue one. Magnolia smiled tightly.
“The Necromancer. Ah! I mean, the Antinium of course. Well, both. But the Antinium are the living ones, aren’t they?”
She chuckled. Az’kerash stared at her face. So did Ilvriss. Magnolia Reinhart went on, and the viewers saw something moving in the streets.
