7.20
Page 17
The [Guards] heard the commotion. They aimed their bows and crossbows down at the adventurers. Ceria sighed.
“Damn it. Not again. Hey! We’re a Gold-rank team!”
She shook her fist upwards as Maviola turned her horse, eying the suddenly very awake Watch. The [Captain] on the gates hesitated.
“Gold-rank?”
The word was like a magic spell. Ceria sighed.
“Yes. Gold-rank. Adventurers! The Horns of Hammerad! This is our teammate! Not a ravening army!”
The [Guards] relaxed a bit, looking shamefaced. The [Captain] stared at Ksmvr, but the half-Elf had practice at this by now. So long as you didn’t let Pisces needle the local Watch, or Ksmvr didn’t do anything alarming…
“Stand down. Someone fetch the list.”
The [Captain] ordered the others. Ceria sighed in relief. Pisces sniffed.
“I told you we should have let Ksmvr hide in the wagon and sorted it out later.”
“We tried that. I’m not being run out of Invrisil.”
Soon, the [Captain] was walking out the gates. He stared at Ksmvr, but he was more interested now in Ceria’s claim.
“Horns of Hammerad? You’re not on our list of Gold-rank teams.”
The [Cryomancer] blinked.
“Well—we are. Ask the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“I have a Street Runner doing just that. If you’re on their registry, we’ll see. You are aware, Miss, that impersonating a Gold-rank team is a felony?”
The half-Elf gave the [Captain] a look. She turned to Pisces and he leaned forwards.
“Captain, why would we both have an Antinium teammate and claim Gold-rank status when we’re already under scrutiny?”
The Watch Captain’s brows snapped together. He glowered, but Pisces’ acerbic tone was a careful weapon.
“Move your wagon over there. Next! You, miss. Purpose of entry?”
“I may see you later. Thank you for the company.”
Maviola smiled at the Horns. She rode up to the [Guard]. They gave her a look; she had mismatching clothing, and slippers. And her horse was bareback.
However, they didn’t test her via truth spell. They were too distracted by Ksmvr, which was lucky. Maviola sighed as she rode through the gates. That might have been a problem, although she could have passed by telling them she was a [Lady] first.
She looked around as the Horns of Hammerad waited at the gates, arguing about whether they could have stormed the gate without taking a single wound. Not the kind of topic that endeared them to the Watch, but it was entertaining.
“What a strange group.”
Maviola smiled. She fidgeted; she was definitely sore from riding the horse without a saddle. Damn Lady Bethal’s eccentricities. Then again—that was why Maviola had stolen her horse.
And—just like that, she was in Invrisil. The young woman stared around at the city, with the towering buildings. One of Izril’s capitals.
“It’s changed so much.”
Wonderingly, she slid from her mount’s back. Her horse snorted. Someone swore as they walked around her.
“Get your horse off the sidewalk, woman!”
A man dodged around her, and waved a ring-bespectacled fist at the young woman. Maviola blinked. She pulled her horse left, nearly walked into traffic. Someone else yelled at her. It was a novel experience. No one had raised their voice to Maviola and not been immediately sorry in years.
The young lady smiled despite the ire. She looked around. What did you do when you first went into a city like this? Normally, her attendant, Zedalien, would arrange everything. But now…it had been so long.
“Stables. And then—clothes.”
Maviola looked down at her dress, and laughed. She glanced around.
“Excuse me, do you know where the nearest stables are?”
