7.21 KQ
Page 23
And yet—the Order of the Thirsting Veil was known to Calirn. They used poison. Yes. And their armor was black. But their hearts were pure. They were [Knights]. If anything, the Thronebearers had a more sullied history of obeying the crown over their conscience. She nodded slowly.
“We are conscious of that fact, Grandmaster. But we serve Ailendamus. The Thirsting Veil is not as—detached as the Order of Seasons. A fact my fellow [Knights] and I have reflected on.”
In that they were tools of war to pursue conquest, not just defenders of the peace. Calirn and the other [Knights] nodded, hearing the words that would never be spoken aloud. It was as close to criticism as they would hear from Hevlca—her other [Knights] looked uneasy at even that.
“Nevertheless. If war threatens, each Order must stand with its nation. Is there no chance Ailendamus’ [King] will relent?”
The woman’s eyes flickered.
“…Little. As it stands, the southern kingdoms have past quarrels with Ailendamus. And the northern kingdoms are disinterested in further conflicts. Their eyes turn to crusades abroad.”
War with the Drakes, or Chandrar, or Baleros. Calirn grimaced. Terandria fought abroad; the Humans would unite against any invader, but they loved making colonies. Chandrar had been the last target and the King of Destruction had liberated Terandrian satellite nations. But Hevlca had no reason to lie. The other nations were more interested in attacking other species than curtailing Ailendamus’ growing power.
“Then Calanfer, Kaliv, and Gaiil-Drome will go to war against Ailendamus. And so will its [Knights]. Candidly—Pheislant has no reason to support Ailendamus and many reasons to oppose it. But I do not know if the Order of Seasons marches to war.”
Hevcla nodded, looking warily at Ser Dalimont. The Thronebearer was sizing her up as well.
“It would be regrettable. But my Order is bound by our oaths.”
“As is mine, Dame Hevcla.”
Dalimont replied stiffly. Calirn sighed. He was trying to…mediate. It was of little use he knew, but something had to be done.
“It seems we have more common enemies than each other, Dame Hevcla, Ser Dalimont. The King of Destruction. The Demons of Rhir. I would be pleased if you could bear my thoughts back to your Grandmasters. At the very least, I ask that fewer [Knights] be sent to war. That we may have fewer occasions to mark such moments.”
He looked pointedly towards the waiting [Knights] on the docks. Hevcla and Dalimont looked at Calirn. And both bowed.
“As you say, Grandmaster. Perhaps there is time for dialogue.”
At least between the knightly orders. If they could agree to send less of their [Knights] to the frontlines, the war would be less bloody. Weaken each nation less. Calirn sighed.
So much for diplomacy. He was a [Winter Knight], and far less suited to political maneuvering or flattery. He was, like Hevcla, straight to the point. She at least, appreciated that. The woman drew closer and Ser Dalimont stood back with the others for a moment as she murmured to Calirn.
“One hopes the war will be an empty clash soon followed by treaties and ransoms, Grandmaster Calirn. Or a lesser forfeit. But candidly—Ailendamus has been approaching Izril’s Five Families for support. The Wellfar family for naval assistance—it is even rumored his Majesty may offer a lesser cousin of the throne’s hand in marriage. In exchange for aid, of course.”
The Knight-Commander’s brows snapped together. Wellfar? Izril’s nobility sometimes joined into Terandrian wars. If that was the case…Ailendamus wanted to win this war, not just capture troops and some land.
