7.21 KQ
Page 31
Cara’s hair was swept back. It was dyed black, made spikey with hair gel. Her makeup had been changed to make her features even paler, and black eye shadow emphasized her eyes and lips. The [Prince] of Pheislant, the noble fans—stared. The [Singer] adjusted the black jacket. And her band, dressed in another style from her world began to play.
The music was more urgent. A piano played as the [Singer] began to croon into the microphone. At first, people began to nod along to the music, move their legs. But that wasn’t quite—appropriate. This wasn’t pop. This was—
Thien brought his drumsticks down hard and the audience jumped. The backup singers shouted into their microphones. And Cara’s voice went lower. Growling. Screaming.
“What is that?”
Calirn almost clapped his hands over his ears. He saw an excited fan pointing.
“She’s doing it again! It’s rock!”
“Rock?”
The [Popstar] became a rock-star. She laughed, eyes wide, channeling a completely different sort of energy. Some of her fans recoiled. But the rest began to cheer wildly and the world’s second mosh pit began evolving.
Rock. Pop. The [Singer] signed off to wild cheers, people shouting for an encore. The air around her was electric and her [Bodyguards] had to work for their gold to get the cast into the wagon.
Some didn’t make it. Greg was swept away by groupies—mostly of his own volition. Rae was left behind as well. Abebi made it into the wagon with Cara—that was what mattered.
“Get everyone else to their wagons. If they go out—make sure they have someone with them.”
Cara croaked. Her makeup had run from sweat. The other band members were grinning, swept up on the adrenaline. The concert had been madly successful—even by their standards.
“Can do, Cara. That was wild.”
They left, some of them to their wagons to sleep or rest—others to enjoy their accolades.
The [Popstar] didn’t go out. She rested on the sofa, sweating, panting. Abebi looked at her.
“Are you okay, Cara?”
“Like a fucking fiddle. Just grand, Abebi. Give me a moment. And pass me some of that food, will you? We got any ice cream?”
The costly gelato was in a box of ice. Abebi passed it to Cara and some of the preserved food. The [Singer] began to scarf the food without hesitation.
“Careful. You’ll burst out of your dress.”
The [Manager] was only half-teasing. Cara grabbed an entire meat pie made by the best [Baker] in Phel’s Light and began to eat it in huge bites. She shook her head.
“Don’t worry about me, Abebi. I don’t ever put on weight. Never have. I can eat and it all burns away.”
The young woman from Nigeria frowned. That seemed—off.
“Didn’t you tell Rae that you used to be fat before you gained your class?”
Cara blinked. The young Irish woman looked up. She thought, and then replied casually.
“Oh, that. I lied.”
Abebi’s mouth fell open.
“But you said—”
The [Actor] sighed and stretched out.
“I tell people what they want to hear, Abebi. That’s my job. Rae needed the confidence. So as long as you don’t tell her, she’ll be fine.”
“But—”
The [Manager] fell silent. Cara glanced at her sidelong.
“Abebi. I’m acting. This—class. [Popstar]? I mean what I said. It’s just a class to make money. I don’t like pop songs. I sing them because it’s the most accessible music.”
“Is that why you had us play rock?”
Cara had pushed for that, ‘revealing’ more of her personality and giving them a new genre. It had stunned some fans, but the genre of rock was just as important. The [Singer] smiled crookedly.
“What makes you think I like rock?”
Abebi’s mouth opened and closed. She looked at Cara again.
“Do you?”
