7.21 KQ
Page 18
Someone screamed. But the arrows that rained down on the walls from the elite [Archers] all missed. The young woman lowered her shield. And she saw—along the walls, now with rebuilt defenses that created total cover from above and the sides for archers, more like tunnels with crenellations than battlements—another addition.
Statues. They were huge, imposing, rising along the walls, practically drawing the eye. And they drew more than that. Arrows curved through the air to smack the statues in the face rather than the defenders. Magical interception. Flos’ [Archers] rained down on the other army.
The King of Destruction blinked at the statues taunting their foes. He leaned over the battlements for a view.
“Is that—are they all wearing Orthenon’s face?”
Teres stared and her jaw dropped. They were indeed, larger-than-life versions of Orthenon, scowl perfectly captured. The [Stewards] stood amid the rain of spells and arrows, bits of the magical stone being blasted away. And the skill had done more than that.
“General Lael! The city’s changed! We’re receiving fire from—”
One of the Jecrassian [Soldiers] shouted at the [General] commanding the siege. She stared up at some impossibly high towers.
“What in the name of unicorns is that?”
Flos turned. A number of insanely high watchtowers had been constructed. As tall as skyscrapers. And the [Archers] on top—after getting over their acrophobia—were raining down arrows on the enemy with unparalleled range.
“Those are Drevish’s experimental Skytowers! He swore they’d be the best thing for [Marksmen]! Orthenon and I told him they’d be knocked over in an instant!”
The King of Destruction and Teres looked around. The city was transformed. Gone were the wide streets; they were now narrow, with choke points. The gates had been reinforced and given a second layer of portcullises just to stymie attackers.
And all with the stone available. As if the [Architect] had simply moved stone and masonry around, enchanted a few objects. Flos looked about his city. Teres stared at the Skytowers, jutting out from the sides of the city, inordinately high and casting shadows, the tight houses, the weird horse-traps. She was the one who said it.
“This place is a nightmare of a city to live in!”
Flos Reimarch began to laugh.
“It is! But it’s the perfect thing to beat an army, isn’t it? Especially this army?”
Indeed, the [Mages] were sending tremors into the ground and finding the city’s foundations were beyond solid. The two gaps in the wall were turning into kill zones. And—the King of Destruction looked about. His laughter ceased. And he looked at Teres.
“Drevish. One of my Seven. Immortalized in my Skill. It is beyond fitting. The other two—I would like to see them again, Teres.”
He quieted. And as the horns began to blow a retreat, the King of Destruction stood on his battlements. Remembering a man Teres had never met. And as she looked at the crazy architecture, all the experimental designs, like the slanted bowl the enemy army would have to run down and up to get to the inner city, the statues of Orthenon—and the ones with the stupid faces the [Steward] would have never made—she wished she’d met him too.
The war continued. King Raelt’s armies fell back, as Sadomere, rechristened Drevish’s Madness, became a linchpin of the King of Destruction’s defensive line. But the King of Challenges refused to retreat. And his nation refused to surrender to the King of Destruction. And either way it seemed like Flos Reimarch won.
 
—-
 
