7.21 KQ
Page 3
“King Raelt is an honorable man. A brave one, too. He clashed with Orthenon personally in battle this morning. And I bear him no ill will personally. As a [King]? Yes. But he is a good man.”
The [King] paused. And he looked at Teres.
“But he sheltered that Prime Minister. He is backed by my enemies. This is Chandrar, Teresa Atwood. We shed blood like water over squabbles. Like the Drakes. Like Baleros. Like any nation. If you want peace, Chandrar must be united. And to do that, I have killed many good men.”
His eyes flashed in the twilight. Teres looked at him. Another man’s morality. A [King]’s logic. At the moment—Teres didn’t want to hear it.
“Where’s Trey?”
That was all she asked. Nawalishifra was gone south, towards Reim. She was no fighter. But Gazi had arrived on the battlefield a few days ago, after returning from her mission from A’ctelios. The half-Gazer’s eye was still closed. But Flos had been happy nonetheless.
It was Trey whom Teres longed to see, though. Her other half. Even apart, they were brother and sister. Twins. She wanted to see him.
But he had never arrived. Flos Reimarch’s brow darkened. He looked at Teresa. And shook his head.
“I’m afraid Trey will not be meeting us at Sadomere, Teres. I had thought he was simply delayed, moving slower than Gazi. Or the Quarass had need of him. But it seems…I have sent Venith after him. I have need of him. Gazi may soon need to quit the battlefield as well. Just as well; her eye is closed and it is her plan.”
“What? What?”
The young woman looked uncomprehendingly at Flos. So did Mars. As Sadomere’s gates opened and the King of Destruction’s army entered the city they had taken three days ago, Teres looked at the simple, short walls. The standard battlements. And she wondered if they could hold this place.
The [Warrior] in her asked that. But the sister looked at Flos.
“Where’s my brother? What’s wrong?”
The King of Destruction sighed.
“I’m afraid he’s decided to disobey my orders. He left Reim, but didn’t go north. He left.”
“For where?”
Mars looked at the King of Destruction. And she chorused with Flos.
“Khelt.”
 
—-
 
Earlier that day.
Trey Atwood rode across the barren border around Khelt. Dead lands. This, of all of Khelt’s wonders, was undeveloped. Lack of tending and water had turned the ground fallow. Barren. Devoid of life.
But the undead lived beneath the soil. Armies and armies of Khelt’s people, ready to fight and be destroyed again and again.
They could and had overrun powerful nations before. Trey had read books in Flos’ library—Khelt was not long-lived compared to some kingdoms, like the Shield Kingdoms of Chandrar. But it was still ancient.
And it had killed vast armies seeking to plunder it. An army of half a million had marched on Khelt, filled with powerful magicians, Djinn, and great warriors.
They had been overwhelmed by the seas of undead that had risen. The ‘brave’ invaders had slaughtered a thousand undead minions for every one of their soldiers who fell at first. But what was that to an army that was uncountable?
That was the power of Khelt. And while their armies were far weaker away from the capital where they had died—Khelt was unsurpassable wherever its ruler reigned.
But Trey did not fear the undead beneath the hooves of his horse as he rode. Nor did he listen to the escort he’d left at the border. They shouted after him. One of them—a [Captain]—even rode after Trey, bellowing.
“Lord Atwood! His Majesty did not send Lord Crusland word that you should stop in Khelt! We have orders to bring you north at all speed!”
