7.21 KQ
Page 15
The army of Jecrass was marching on Sadomere. A battered thirty—no, closer to forty thousand plus reinforcements. A hundred thousand to pit against half that number.
Numbers. But even so—Teres was aware of how vulnerable they were. The city of Sadomere was not Reim. It wasn’t built as strongly, had no secret weapons.
And only one of the King’s Seven was here to defend it. Mars was also, arguably, the worst person to defend a city. She could hold a hallway until the entire structure came down around her. But a wall where there was only one of her?
No. And the walls were exposed. The [Builders] had made the city well, but not with an eye for sieges. Proper siege architecture was usually ugly.
It was also a strategic move. Denying an enemy a useful foothold on the border between both nations meant that it was disadvantageous to actually rely on the city. Like in…moments like these.
“Milord. We’re surrounded.”
“Hm. Hm. Hold on, I have a message from Venith. I think it’s good news.”
Flos Reimarch was checking a [Message] on the magical scroll he carried. He smiled as Teres, Ytol, and Mars inspected the army.
They were surrounding the city. And they had no siege weapons as Teres understood them. No ballistae, or trebuchets, let alone cannons or the high-tech weapons from her world.
They had a few primitive catapults that could hurl stones a decent distance. But that was all. Jecrass’ forces didn’t really need conventional siege weapons.
They had [Mages]. Ulyse, Mirin, and Esiela of Parasol Stroll approached Flos.
“Your Majesty. The enemy has a number of high-level [Mages]. Grand Mage Esiela counts a number of Claiven Earth’s high-level [Mages]. Not the highest-level. Thirty plus—but they could punch a hole through the walls.”
Ulyse, the leader, reported. Esiela, the former Grand Mage of Belchan, ducked her head, hiding her face as Flos turned towards them. The King of Destruction’s gaze paused on her for a second.
“I see. Can you fend them off, Ulyse?”
The [Mage] hesitated.
“I suspect they will attack from multiple sides, your Majesty. To prevent our own from being sniped, we will have to concentrate on one wall. We will do our best, but only a single [Geomancer] need collapse an unenchanted wall to create a breach.”
“I see. Well then, I will take it into account. Deploy to the northern wall, Ulyse.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
It was a measure of the [Mage]’s trust that he only bowed without asking…questions. But there was nowhere to run.
“Ah. Trey has left Khelt! Of his own will. Venith is escorting him to Germina. And Gazi will ride south to meet them. Good, good. We may be able to arrange a meeting, Teres, but the plan is still going ahead. I had feared…Trey would seek Fetohep’s mercy. And I would have been unable to stop him.”
The King of Destruction laughed in genuine relief and good humor. Teres looked at him.
“If we meet him.”
The [King] glanced at her.
“Well—it may be hard to arrange. Or did you mean this battle? Orthenon’s taught you well, Teres. What do you think our odds are?”
“…Shit?”
Teres heard another laugh. But Mars wasn’t laughing. The enemy had them outnumbered. And worse—Jecrass’ elite cavalry had taken to the field. And yes, they were terrible at sieging a city until the gates fell, and you could still create walls of pikes to stop them coming in—
But going out? Sortieing meant you’d be charged, and you’d never outrun them. If Flos was confident of defending, Teres wouldn’t have worried.
But the Claiven Earth had sent their troops to support Jecrass. Oh—‘mercenaries’. And the half-Elves were good [Archers].
