7.21 KQ
Page 7
“I visited Tombhome. With Gazi. With the Quarass. We went to a peace conference. They tried to feed me the meat. I had my throat cut and nearly died. I was attacked by a pakheil. And it turned out to be someone from my world. Someone who had been tricked. I tried to kill a man. I tried to. And I killed others. Gazi got her eye back. And the city looked at me.”
He spoke with a rictus of an expression on his face. His voice trembling, torn by it all. Fetohep stared, his goblet held to his open mouth in shock. The attendants shivered and whispered.
“Attendants. Leave us.”
The [King] spoke at last. After a silence where Trey only shuddered. The King of Khelt looked at Trey. Then—he picked up his throne with ease, despite his emaciated arms, scooted it closer to where Trey sat.
“Tell me what happened, Trey Atwood. From the beginning.”
And Trey did. The words spilled out of him, unending. The long carpet ride, Gazi and the Quarass at odds—the city, terrifying, intriguing, and then horrifying all by turns. The friendly, duplicitous people, Trey’s guide, Athal, the meeting—
Gazi being healed. The Quarass slashing Trey’s throat open to teach him. And then the pakheil. The realization. Confronting Baosar. Trying to kill him—
Fleeing the city. A’ctelios, the dead city’s eyes turning towards them as they flew away on the carpet.
An adventure. A nightmare. When it was done, Fetohep looked at Trey.
An undead ruler. A monster. A Revenant, possessed only by his will as a mortal man. Ruling his kingdom as an eternal tyrant, monarch.
And yet—a friend. Because when Trey was done, shivering, Fetohep looked at him. And he hesitated—and then put a hand on Trey’s shoulder. And his eyes flared with fury for his young, mortal friend.
“Unacceptable.”
That was all Fetohep of Khelt said. He stood, and paced the floor angrily. Reaching for a blade he no longer wore. Trey looked up as Fetohep turned to him.
“You have been given the greatest of offences, Trey Atwood. And A’ctelios Salash? Rot infests Tombhome! They were not this craven, this duplicitous, this small a generation ago. This Baosar deserved only death. And the King of Destruction—more fool he, for risking you.”
“They turn people into monsters. Don’t they?”
Fetohep hesitated. He inclined his head, stiffly.
“Pakheil. Their…beasts of burden are no less than the members of their city. Warped by the flesh of their home. Visitors become pakheil more than most. But—the flesh of A’ctelios is not offered lightly. It is a choice. It has always been a choice. Not a trick. A’ctelios has seldom become so…consumed by madness as what you described.”
“But it exists. People let it exist. Why? How could anyone…?”
Trey rocked back and forth, shivering. He had had nightmares. He hadn’t slept properly since visiting the Carven City. He woke up screaming. Until Gazi had grabbed him and shaken him awake, or the Quarass. And then—just with servants rushing to his door in Reim.
Fetohep beheld all of this on Trey’s face. And his voice softened.
“The—Shield Kingdom of A’ctelios Salash was not always so, Trey Atwood. A hundred years ago, when you visited, they would have told you all of A’ctelios’ dark gifts. At the very door. Offered you lodging, and food. Only if you wished it.”
The young man from England shuddered. Fetohep went on.
“It may be—difficult to envision. But A’ctelios’ people are—were—honorable. Tombhome was a place people came to by choice. To trade. And the gift of A’ctelios was a choice. A gamble. Pakheil should be respected. The [Fleshshapers] should mend all physical maladies. That is what A’ctelios was.”
