7.21 KQ
Page 19
The largest port-city of Pheislant was known as Phel’s Light. After a [King] who had created…
A lighthouse. Or rather, a citadel whose tallest, central structure was the lighthouse. The magical beam illuminated the sea. Guiding ships to shore and helping them navigate the dark cliffs and treacherous shoals at night.
Phel’s Light was, like Zeres, Lailight Scintillation, First Landing, and the other port capitals of the world, a very important place. For it was where goods flowed through. And having good relations with Pheislant was thus important.
Terandria had a few big ports. Among them—the Lord of the Dance’s city. Lord Belchaus was infamous for keeping his waters free of marauders. Even in wartime.
But his port wasn’t the best for ah…illicit cargos. Or [Slaves]. Or a lot of things. If you were at odds with Lord Bel, or his nation, it was wise to steer clear of his waters.
And Pheislant’s harbors were frankly better. On the southwestern edge of Terandria, they permitted more easy access to Baleros, Chandrar, and Izril. Lord Bel’s harbors were further to the east. Why stop there if you could go to Phel’s Light?
All that meant simply that…Phel’s Light had all kinds of business for anyone who was anyone in Terandria. And as evening fell across Pheislant, a particular group was awaiting a very special ship.
Knight-Commander Calirn of the Order of Seasons stood on the docks. Keeping a vigil. He had personally come from the Order of Seasons’ headquarters—which was not very far as they were headquartered in Pheislant, technically on their own lands, but allied with the Terandrian Kingdom—to attend this somber gathering.
He was not alone. Some members of the Order of Spring were there, and a few keepers from the Order of Fall, to record the moment. No other Knights of Winter; but theirs was a small and solitary season. They would pass the vigil alone, mourn alone.
The most populous group was the Order of Summer, however. The Knights of Summer stood on the deck, nearly forty of them. They had all requested it. They were waiting.
Not just the Order of Seasons either. Six other Knighthood Orders were waiting on the docks. The Order of Ram, the Thronebearers—from Kaliv and Calanfer respectively—had greeted Calirn when he arrived on the docks. They were small orders. Not nearly as vast as the Order of Seasons, which was one of the largest in Terandria, part of Pheislant’s might.
The other orders were smaller too—but for one. Order of the Thirsting Veil. They stood opposite the Order of Seasons and Calirn had not greeted them. Not out of any personal enmity. But because they were Ailendamus’ [Knights]. And relations were—strained between the vast kingdom of Ailendamus who was threatening war and Pheislant, their enemies.
Normally, Calirn would have warned the hotheads of his order—the [Summer Knights] and young, impetuous [Spring Knights] not to start a conflict. But there was no fear of that today.
The [Knights] waited in silence. They were all here waiting for the same ship. A special ship, that only [Knights] used, really.
A funeral barge. It was shared among [Knights]. And it collected their remains at every port. Sometimes bodies; usually ashes. Calirn awaited ashes. They were easy to transport and a Courier could be hired to take them. As in this case.
Normally, [Knights] were buried where they fell. Only their belongings were brought back. But sometimes they had family. Loved ones who needed the closure. Sometimes, it was an honor, or just the practice of the order—like how the Thronebearers insisted on it.
