7.21 KQ
Page 5
No, simply because their ruler cared. And thus—status was awarded to Trey Atwood. For Fetohep of Khelt had few passions in death. And his people—some of whom loved only food, sex, and carnal pleasures, and some of whom took to art or other passions—followed their ruler.
This was Khelt. Paradise of Chandrar! And the capital city was ten thousand and one marvels of art. The people were content, never wanting for anything. Those that strived created wonders. Became great visionaries, thinkers, writers, poets, artists—
And those who cared for nothing more lived and died in excess, eating as much as they cared, loving as they wished. Living. Dying.
Unable to reproduce unless that honor was awarded to them. Unable to leave except by forfeiting Khelt’s protections. Subject to laws some in Trey’s world would have called ‘unjust’. Violating ‘natural laws and rights’.
Fetohep would have laughed at those that questioned him. And had them executed. For his paradise was not made of any will but his own, and that of Khelt’s rulers. It was not…a democracy. Those failed.
But Khelt lived in death. And the ruler, undead, a Revenant, had lived for six hundred years maintaining Khelt’s peace. He had been content, even if Khelt sometimes bent knee to those such as the King of Destruction. Passionless, even, a [King] who was slave first to his people.
Yet this boy had Fetohep’s favor. Trey Atwood was carried to the steps in front of the palace. Surrounded by a living bodyguard, flanked by the undead. People watched as the doors of the carriage were opened and Fetohep, the [King] immortal, waited for his guest.
No one left the carriage. After a minute, the [Lord Commander] hurried around to the side and spoke urgently. And then a young man appeared.
He was…normal. Not tall, or handsome, or elegantly poised, a genetic perfection such as some of Khelt’s citizens. Trey Atwood stumbled a bit as he came up the stairs. And Fetohep looked upon his face.
“Ah, Trey Atwood. Welcome once again to my kingdom.”
The ruler swept one emaciated hand out, grandly indicating the crowds, the welcome fit for another ruler. Trey looked at him, and bowed slightly.
“You honor me, your Majesty. But I’m afraid I’m prevailing on your goodwill, King Fetohep.”
“Indeed?”
Fetohep didn’t look put out by this. Trey nodded.
“I’m actually here without the King of Destruction’s permission, King Fetohep. He may want to…retrieve me. May I beg your hospitality until that happens?”
If it were possible, the magical flames in Fetohep’s eye sockets brightened further at this.
“Ah. Of course. That insolent boy-king has no authority in Khelt. By all means, stay as long as you would wish.”
His voice was triumphant. But Trey did not smile. He just clutched the ratty backpack to him as Fetohep gestured.
“Your arrival was—intriguing. Are you well? I have the foods you most enjoyed upon your last visit prepared. Sit, and we shall discuss the matters of the world.”
He swept ahead. Trey followed, and the servants picked for the day followed, bowing, offering to take Trey’s burdens. He refused them all.
The grand banquet room where Fetohep and Trey had first eaten with the Quarass of Germina was not the place the two were led to. Rather, it was a more intimate dining room.
