7.21 KQ
Page 28
“Absolutely. You just stick with me. And we’ll be fine.”
The [Singer] smiled. And Rae, relieved, nodded. She stepped back. And as Cara stood up, her band looked at her. Thien, Nicolas, Rae—even Greg. The [Singer] turned her head; even through the soundproofed magic, she could hear a dull roar.
“Ladies and gentlemen. Our audience is waiting. Let’s not disappoint them.”
They drew inspiration from her. And as Cara threw open the door, she smiled. And it looked genuine. Maybe it was. She raised her hand and became the Queen of Pop.
 
—-
 
“People of Pheislant! I am delighted you came out for me!”
The woman’s voice was audible across the city. People who didn’t know what was happening looked up, as the screaming redoubled. Some of them grimaced. But the Queen of Pop didn’t waste time.
“I’m honored. And I hope you’ll listen to my little songs. My shining stars of Terandria.”
That was what she called them. The Singer walked across her stage, waving as her band took their places. The [Illusionists] began to cast their spells. [Darkness], literally dimming the sun shining down from above. Amplifying the other instruments—although the [Singer] had a Skill of her own. Even a reverb in her voice.
“Let’s get this started with a classic.”
The [Popstar] turned and pointed to Nicolas. He hit a button—and an electric piano began to play. The crowd cheered—then went silent. Rae began playing the chords on her guitar.
And that familiar song began to play. The Singer began to sing into the magical microphone she used. At the right moment, Greg broke in with his guitar.
The music flooded Phel’s Light. Loud enough that even the [Knights] on the deck, heard it, although too faintly for exact words. But the people not in the plaza looked up. And the music spoke to them.
A song from Earth. One of pop’s greatest hits. Timeless, even if parts changed. A song about a boy and a girl on a train at midnight.
Cara’s voice rose, and the audience swayed back and forth, shouting as Greg took the center of the stage for his guitar. But the [Popstar] shone—especially as the [Illusionists] conjured magical beams of light to follow her.
From her position, watching, Abebi saw Rae nervously playing. Greg had no nerves, but he was restraining himself from showing off. That was, sadly, what made him so good in the band, despite his inability to actually play.
The rest of the band was doing good. And Cara was as good as her word. She attracted the eye as she sang.
Of course, the famed song by Journey was a hit. The audience had probably heard it on the magical crystals already. But that was the thing—the hit of the year and possibly the decade or century was the song the Singer of Terandria opened with. And with just a short break, the next song began completely differently.
A pair of backup [Singers], native Terandrians, grabbed the microphone. They joined Cara and two members of her band. And she disappeared behind a screen. Came out strutting. With a hat and casual suit. She grinned as Thien began to lay down a fast beat.
This time, the [Popstar] came out dancing. But she wasn’t channeling the classic ‘King of Pop’ from her world.
“Bruno Mars…check.”
Abebi made a note on her clipboard. They’d already done a lot of classics, so they kept on adding new songs in. Different performances so the crowd always had something new, even if they were repeat viewers, like the [Prince].
Cara insisted. She cared about her audience, for all she claimed to hate the act. You could never tell, seeing her on stage, channeling all the showmanship into her dancing and singing with her crew.
