7.21 KQ
Page 17
He heaved a sigh. The King of Destruction looked out as more parts of the wall began to collapse. There were less defenders on it than Teres realized. Perhaps anticipating he’d lose the walls, the King of Destruction had pulled his forces back. But they were getting ready to clash with fresh Jecrassian troops and the other army’s elites soon.
“Flos. What is the plan?”
The King of Destruction stood on the crumbling walls of his city as Jecrass’ army began to charge. He spoke, casually to Teres.
“Just this, Teres. You had no way of knowing. Nor Raelt, or my enemies. But they might have considered it if they remembered that I am just a man.”
He looked at Teres. And she, holding his hand, saw him let go. Teres stumbled. And Flos Reimarch turned to the walls.
“King Raelt of Jecrass is a worthy foe. He leveled up after challenging me and winning. In his way. That battle turned him into a force to be reckoned with. But no one in this world wins singlehandedly. General Lael!”
He bellowed. The distant [General] saw Flos raise his arms. The King of Destruction laughed.
“Congratulations on your [King]’s new levels! And yours as well, no doubt! And might I add one more thing?”
He pointed at her. And the [King] smiled.
“I leveled up too.”
The man raised one fist. Teres saw him point.
“For you, my glorious [Architect]. This—Skill is for you. [The King’s Architect]!”
He bellowed the Skill. And Teres saw—the King of Destruction disappear.
For a moment, time slowed across the city of Sadomere. Which was—when you got down to it, a shitty name for a city, wasn’t it? And what terrible architecture!
“Sadomere. What is that, a name of a horse? Maybe a horse designed these walls.”
Teres heard a man’s voice. And she saw an old, grumpy man walking across the walls. In between the galloping horses’ hooves hitting the ground, he strode, looking around the broken rubble. And beside him strode a man.
“Yes, yes. The name is bad. I’ll rename it something appropriate. Drevish’s Posthumous Masterpiece, or some such. Can we fix it?”
“If you name the city that, I’ll design a guillotine so you can kill yourself. Come on, we have work to do. [Riders], huh? And [Archers] and [Mages]. How do you get yourself into these messes?”
For a moment, the old man’s annoyed voice passed Teres. And she saw him glancing past her, through her. Seeing only the city. What it was, and could be. And the [King] walked with him.
But he too was—a memory. The real King of Destruction stood on the walls a heartbeat later, staring after him. Teres breathed.
“Drevish?”
The [Architect], a memory of him, turned. And Flos Reimarch raised a hand.
“Drevish! My [Architect]!”
For a moment, his voice was pained. And he cried across the wall to the man in the distance. Reaching out at an illusion. Teres saw the white-haired figure bow. And the city changed around them.
Time snapped back to reality. Jecrass’ charging [Riders] saw the gaps in the city. They charged through, screaming, upon the unprepared army of the King of Destruction. And saw—too late—the angled ramps, poised in the gaps to break their charge. Stone itself had reshaped to create the barriers, wide enough to allow infantry to fight in, but perfect to halt any number of horses.
The [Riders] tried to stop, but they crashed into the barricades as the infantry swarmed them. And the walls—Teres turned.
“Arrows! Take cover!”
