7.21 KQ
Page 27
Cara thought out loud. And Thien and some of the older band members including their electronics expert, Nicolas, hurried over to confer. Because this band really was something of a front. They had been recruited, given roles. But the phenomenon that was the Singer of Terandria had started and stopped with Cara.
She had been the one to find them. The one whose songs they’d heard and she had gathered them from across Terandria. They weren’t even the only Earthers. There were others, just not travelling with the band.
“…Okay. Okay, that’s the plan. If it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work. But let’s go with that.”
“Are you sure? We haven’t practiced playing on the move, Cara—”
The [Bassist] was worried as she checked her guitar. It was one from this world—enchanted to play louder and closer to an electric bass. She was also capable of playing it with most songs. Cara just nodded.
“Follow my lead. If you make mistakes, I’ll cover for you. Except if some idiot tries a shithead stunt!”
She shouted and Greg ducked his head, turning red. Some of the others winced in sympathy for him; Cara was not kind when she was upset.
“I just don’t get it, Cara. I know we’re performing, but why try so hard? We could do an hour’s playing and walk off. You said it yourself; we are just making money. And looking around.”
The Irish [Singer] glared at Abebi. But she moderated her tone.
“Abebi. I mean every word I said. But did you see how many people came here? Forget that [Prince]; there’s a city full of kids and people who came to see us. Who pay for tickets even if they don’t have much. So when we bring it—when I go out there—I give it my all.”
The others looked at Cara. And they could see she was gearing up. The [Actor], the [Singer]—was wearing a look of utmost concentration as she read over the lyrics.
She was an interesting person, Cara. She’d found them. She was the highest-leveled among them. And she did have the [Pop Star] class, along with her second class—[Thespian]. The combined Skills and her ability to sing and channel their world’s culture of stardom had given her this fame and comparative fortune. Everyone else rode on her coattails—if she’d worn them.
“Alright, where’s my plagiarism log?”
Someone tossed it at her. Cara marked down which songs they were going to use. She kept a record of it.
“Why do you have that, Cara?”
The [Bassist], Rae, from France, asked. Cara glanced up.
“It keeps me honest. Plus, if we ever get back to Earth—I can give something back. These aren’t my songs, Rae. We’re playing our world’s best hits. That’s why the ‘Singer of Terandria’ is the most famous person right now.”
It was true. Cara had sung everything from modern pop hits that had come right out right when she’d been transported to this world to classics, like Sinatra’s song, My Way. And she could sing.
“I’m a bit nervous, Cara. I’ve only done this—four times.”
Rae confessed. She wasn’t used to the crowds, and she was terrified of messing up. Her hands were shaking as she adjusted the guitar. Cara’s face softened. She reached out.
“Don’t worry, Rae. People have fucked it up before. I can cover for you all. If you’re not sure, just look confident.”
“But—I feel like a fake.”
The young woman confessed. Cara smiled crookedly. She took another gulp of water.
“That’s fine, Rae. We are faking. Just pretend. My class—all of this is fake. You think I looked like this when I came here? Nah. I was chubby. I lost weight when I gained Skills. Even my face changed.”
She gestured to her statuesque appearance. Rae’s jaw dropped.
“Really?”
