7.21 KQ
Page 12
“We are somehow here, now. We don’t know how we got here. We were in an airport—this is going to be a record of what’s happened. Just—just in case.”
 
The young man had good English. And he began taking videos of each of the eighteen people.
Eighteen lives. Each one, who turned to the camera and told the viewer, Trey and Fetohep their names. Repeating where they had been from.
 
“Travelling back home.”
“Going to visit Hong Kong with my—my parents. Are they okay? Do you think—”
“Some kind of plane crash. We’re all hallucinating. That’s what—”
“Water? We’re going to need—I’m—”
 
Young people, as young as Trey, older—but not by much. But a girl who was barely fifteen, who’d been standing with her parents when she’d vanished.
There was no logic to it. The Russian man had been holding his girlfriend’s hand. But she—despite being his age—hadn’t come along. And they were far from home.
Lost, in Chandrar.
Videos. At some point after taking each person’s introduction, the Portuguese cameraman had realized he was going to run out of power. So he’d begun rationing them.
The next video was of someone yelling. One of them—the Russian—had leveled up. As an [Explorer] in the night. Someone else? [Survivor]. A third—[Traveller].
 
“I am—I’m a Level 3 [Cameraman], yeah? It was green. No one else said it was green. But I—”
The young man looked into the camera. Grinning, as people discussed what it meant. They all had Skills. One of them tried it out. Pointed.
“[Survivor’s Intuition]! There’s something that way!”
 
A short cut. And then—the others clustered around a small cactus plant. One of them—a fellow from Cameroon—had a knife. He was scraping at the plant, removing the bristles to get to the flesh. They were all talking.
It hurt to watch. Stop. Stop it. Trey kept playing the videos. He’d seen them too many times.
 
The next time the camera came on, the people were shouting at a caravan. The viewpoint captured a flying figure. A Garuda, spotting them. The others shouted, or stared. Some looked wary, but the caravan was kindly. Humans rode towards them on camels, shouting. In English—
“Are you hurt? What was it? [Bandits]?”
“Where are you from?”
Bewildered answers. Confusion—and already, as some of them eyed the swords and wands—cautiousness. The travellers from Earth lied, and the caravan, after some swift bartering for a colorful scarf, a water bottle and a few trinkets—took them in.
 
The battery had begun running low. Trey saw only three more videos. He clicked on the next one.
 
“I have—I have a Skill. Green. [Extended Battery]. I think it will save me some battery. I think. But this is another…world, yeah? A game. That’s what one of us said. We are getting close to a city, now. For food. Shelter. We’re going to…stop there…”
The young man looked worried. But optimistic. He smiled. He was always smiling.
“We’re headed towards it. It is a nice place. Apparently? I will show you more. The battery is running low. I can’t recharge—so this is Davi, signing off.”
 
Darkness. Two left. Trey’s finger shook.
 
“A’ctelios Salash. Welcome, welcome to the Carven City! All are welcome here! Food, drink—all free!”
A laughing face. A demon wearing a Human’s skin. Davi eagerly filmed…Athal. Welcoming them inside. He began taking images of the interior of A’ctelios, after the outside. 
Some of the Earthers saw what the city was. Some—refused to enter. The Russian man walked off, after arguing bitterly with his group. He pointed at the eyes that had become entrances and shouted that it was madness.
