7.21 KQ
Page 30
They fell silent as it drifted into the harbor. The [Knights] turned. And they saw the ship and knelt. Knight-Commander Calirn bowed as Ser Raim returned home. And out of the corner of his eye, he saw the Singer of Terandria copy the gesture.
She knelt. Her audience saw her take a knee and followed suit, awkwardly. They bowed, or knelt, and realized what was happening.
“Knights of the Seasons. Let the Season of Summer welcome our fallen brethren.”
Calirn’s voice was suddenly the only sound in the silence. The people of Phel’s Light, tens of thousands, looked on. Suddenly somber. Gazing upon the [Knights] as they were brought from the ship.
It shouldn’t matter. Not really. But it did. Calirn saw the ashes brought forth. He bowed his head as the [Knights] walked, bearing their comrade. They turned—and the tens of thousands parted slowly. Allowing them room.
It was the largest gathering for such a moment Calirn could remember since the war against the Drakes as a child. He saw the Queen of Pop, the Singer, bowing her head. And he nodded to her, all of his objections forgotten.
In silence, the [Knights] escorted their own through the silent city. Greg, Rae, Abebi—all the others saw Cara kept her head bowed, until the [Knights] had long since passed by.
“Cara. I thought you didn’t like the [Knights].”
Greg looked completely confused. Cara turned her head as the moment of quietus passed. She whispered back, so quietly only the Earthers heard.
“I don’t. But those brave lads died far from home, trying to do the right thing as they saw it. So if you can’t respect that, grab a rope, tie it around your neck, and go jump off a chair. ‘Cause if you don’t, I’ll do it for you.”
Then she straightened. And she called out softly.
“Thank you, people of Phel’s Landing. Let’s go back. This next song is for bravery.”
She turned and walked back. The [Violinist] took up his bow and began to play as the Singer of Terandria walked, singing softly across the city. And the [Knights] listened, for the song was meant for them.
That was the Queen of Pop. Calirn saw his [Knights] bearing Ser Raim away. He would meet them at the monastery. But he lingered for a bit. To listen to the [Singer] he thought he’d misjudged.
The average length of a concert from Cara’s world was two to three hours. Shorter, depending on the material. But the Singer of Terandria had a surfeit of music. Nor—did she quit.
Four hours later, Cara was still singing. She let one of her backups—a native Terandrian man, a [Bard]—take over for a few songs as she gulped a stamina potion and then a healing one for her throat. But she kept going.
“I think it’s time for the big reveal. Get into costumes, everyone. One last set of songs. And we’re done.”
The [Singer] looked at her exhausted band. They looked up. And Thien grinned.
The last song by the [Bard] was met with cheers, but people were demanding the Queen of Pop. For one last song. The curtains were lowered, but the [Singer]’s voice was audible behind it.
“My shining stars. You’ve stayed with me for song after song. But for tonight—we’re going to change things up. With a new song—”
Wild cheering. She always had a new song. The voice paused and went on.
“—in a new style. This one’s for you.”
The curtains rose. And the audience, cheering, saw the [Singer] standing on the stage. The cheers faltered.
