7.21 KQ
Page 22
Calirn saw the [Summer Knight] turn his head to hide a grimace. The [Knight Commander] himself winced; the Thronebearers actually took lessons in their flowery language, along with actual combat training. But he rose from his kneeling posture and nodded.
“Of course, Ser Dalimont. Please, let us dispense with formality.”
Ser Dalimont relaxed, and looked relieved himself. He nodded and stepped closer. He was—probably—close to Level 30. Calirn could see the man’s natural aura. Not a trained thing, like the Order of Season’s higher-level [Knights]. But the Thronebearers had different Skills than the Order of Seasons, which used their auras in battle.
Calirn could turn the cold air that surrounded him into a freezing vortex. Make his blade so cold it would cause frostbite in any cut. Even make a shield of ice from it. He was a [Winter Knight]; his comrades from the other seasons could make flame, hasten their steps—it was the power of one’s aura, their embodiment of nature.
But Ser Dalimont was lower-level. And his order was smaller. He bowed again to the [Knight Commander], a grandmaster.
“I apologize for breaking your concentration, Grandmaster Calirn. However, if I may—is it true one of your champions has fallen?”
He looked at the large gathering. Calirn inclined his head heavily.
“Yes, Ser Dalimont. One of our best. Ser Raim. His prowess in battle was all but unmatched.”
Dalimont’s eyes widened. He knew the man’s name.
“A terrible blow to your order. May I ask what enemy took his life?”
“I regret that I cannot say, Ser. Only that it is a pernicious foe of Terandria. One who triumphed this day. But our war continues.”
The Thronebearer [Knight] bowed his head.
“Only naturally. All enemies will one day fall. And on that topic—the news from Chandrar is dire, is it not? Another nation battles the King of Destruction. My Order has debated crusading to Chandrar, but we are too few to push against such a foe. Only if dozens of [Knight] orders were to join such an effort might we throw back the King of Destruction. And even then, we would need the backing of a number of nations.”
Calirn had been having those very thoughts of late. But he saw where Dalimont was going with this—as careful as a [Courtier], the Thronebearers. He nodded and cut to the chase.
“Naturally, that would be best for the world. But I fear Terandria is far from united, Ser Dalimont. The possibility of war with Ailendamus makes cooperation unlikely.”
Both [Knights] turned. The Order of the Thirsting Veil, in their dark armor and somber gear—smelling vaguely of the poisons they loved to use—stood at attention. Dalimont’s brow darkened, but Calirn was a [Knight]. He made no pretense, but raised his voice.
“Ser Knights of the Thirsting Veil. May we speak candidly, as befits those of honor?”
The [Knights] looked up. They looked to their leader—a woman who used a long greatsword. She strode over. Like Calirn and Dalimont, her helmet was off.
“Grandmaster Calirn, I am Dame Hevlca. The Thirsting Veil greets you. Is aught the matter?”
Her words were clipped, precise. Very straightforward. Calirn nodded to her as Dalimont shifted uneasily.
“No direct issue, Dame Hevlca. More concern for the future of our orders and Terandria. I speak with utmost informality; this pressing war with Ailendamus may lead to our orders clashing. Or do you disagree?”
The woman blinked. And some of the other [Knights] in earshot looked up. One of the other four orders drifted closer. This wasn’t exactly improper, but Calirn was being unusually direct.
