7.21 KQ
Page 26
Greg blinked at the young woman. She was dressed like a star. Literally. Her dress glittered. Sequins had been involved, heavily, and her makeup hid natural blemishes, gave her that look that was usually only attainable with illusion spells or image-editing software.
Cara calmed down. She looked around and her accent disappeared. She switched over to the voice everyone normally heard.
A blend of American and British, heavier on the British side—very crisp, and quick. It was a disconcerting change. She smiled at Greg.
“I said—stop listening to those flattering cunts, you stupid fucking idiot. They don’t come in here. No one does!”
She snapped and the young man backed up.
“It was just for a second, Cara—”
“Shut it. You’re a damn idiot, Greg.”
“Yeah, shut the hell up, Greg.”
The [Drummer], whose name was Thien, leaned over and scowled. He was Vietnamese. The others called out insults as well.
“Get laid somewhere else. And if you mess with those [Ladies] and one of them gets pregnant, her parents will have you killed.”
The [Manager] snapped. She was Nigerian. Almost every person in the wagon was from a different country; well, there were two people from Argentina. Cara nodded.
“You know your job. You strum on that guitar and you don’t cause trouble. We can replace you. If you try to show off in a guitar solo again or crowd-surf when the guitar is still playing on the audio track, I will neuter you.”
She poked Greg in the chest. The young man backed up.
“Hey! I’m just trying to enjoy myself!”
Cara made a disgusted noise. She stalked over to the sofa and sat down. She grabbed a glass of water and began to hydrate.
“This isn’t about enjoying yourself. This is a job. We’re not rockstars. And this isn’t Earth. Greg, you’re new, so you don’t get it. I’m not a [Popstar].”
“That’s your class, though.”
The young man paused uncertainly. Cara rolled her eyes. She jabbed a finger at her chest, taking care not to mess the dress as she reached out.
“Where’s the lyrics? Anyone?”
“Here. These are our songs—”
The [Singer] began to read as she spoke back, irritably.
“I’m not a [Popstar]. I’m a damn [Thespian]. This is an act. I have two classes. And as far as I’m concerned, I’m acting. I sing my songs—which are not mine—and we make money. But I don’t like those idiots out there.”
She nodded to the carriage. Cara paused, raised one finger.
“And by those idiots, I mean that [Prince], our noble ‘fans’, and the monarchy. From Pheislant to Ailendamus—it’s all [Kings] and [Queens]. We’re in a feudal system and the rich stay on top.”
“Like home, you mean.”
One of the others joked. Cara sighed.
“I hate the social order that keeps people oppressed. I hate the nobility, the monarchy, and the poncing superior bastards like the [Knights] who step on smaller folk, even the nice ones. I hate feudality and hierarchy and all of this shit.”
She looked around. And that was the [Singer] of Terandria. She had—opinions. Her band, all from Earth, looked at her. Greg sat in a corner and tried practicing on his guitar.
“Abebi, what’s this I’m hearing about a…ship? Some kind of funeral?”
The [Manager] grimaced.
“Sorry, Cara. Apparently some of the dead [Knights] are coming back by ship today. Right as we’re performing.”
“Fuck. Do we have to stop or something? Delay the concert?”
One of the other exclaimed. Abebi shook her head.
“No. But the [Knights] aren’t happy. [Prince]…whoever is in charge, though, so it’s fine.”
“Damn. Another fucking complication. I’ll deal with it. Just follow my lead. No—Thien—listen up…”
