7.21 KQ
Page 10
Trey stared at Wil as the young man duplicated himself and charged the enemy. Fetohep waved a lazy hand, freezing the recording.
“The Pact of Termius is a blade that calls upon the powers of nature and animals, befitting a Gnoll [Shaman]. And the Cup of Cexila is a blade which drinks the blood of those it slays, healing the wielder. Blood and flesh, really. But The Windblade of Seripsel is fitting too. I understand that the three remaining blades will return to me in time—although the carriers have been forced to take shelter at Zeres. A tiring development, but I had allowed them time to return the blades to me. Especially in light of their companion…”
He trailed off. Trey looked at Fetohep. But he wasn’t caught up yet. And this little…event with Fetohep actually had helped Trey. Distracted him.
But—not forever. As Trey rose, the massage done, he felt better. Fetohep glanced at Trey.
“Ah, you found the massage to your liking? Perhaps now we may retire to the…sauna. Or are you in need of other refreshments?”
The sauna was a popular way to ‘bathe’ in Chandrarian cultures. Hot stones and steam, rather than costly water. Trey ducked his head.
“Thank you, your Majesty. But I’m…fine. I truly am. I’m just sorry for prevailing on you. I should have gone north. To my sister. She’s—fighting in the war. Against Jecrass. I had no idea it was happening until we got back. Well, the Quarass wasn’t happy.”
He bowed. Fetohep looked disconsolate.
“Ah, yes. The war. It was displeasing to me to hear the events as they unfolded. Let us discuss that, then. Cancel the sauna.”
He spoke to a servant who bowed and hurried off. Trey sat in his chair and Fetohep relaxed. This was all for Trey’s benefit; the humidity just made Fetohep’s preserved flesh rot faster. But he took visceral pleasure from watching his guests fulfilled.
“Do you…know the events that led to the war unfolding, Trey Atwood?”
“Sort of, your Majesty. But please, I’m sure you have a more, uh, complete view of what happened?”
Fetohep nodded. He was, in some ways, easy to placate via flattery and acknowledgement of his status and vision. But perhaps—that was because he liked Trey. If he had a flaw, it was his kindness. Even in death.
That was one of the requirements to become a ruler of Khelt, though. Fetohep had told Trey that he had been chosen among others because he loved his people, more than he was the best warrior.
“Indeed, I witnessed the events, Trey Atwood. It began with the foolishness of the Prime Minister of Belchan. But also—the cowardice of mortals. A single village’s misplaced prejudice. The death of Gnolls.”
He told Trey the events simply and with less commentary than his exploits at sea. Trey listened. His heart broke for the Gnoll tribe, attacked, for no crime other than being Gnolls and seeking the King of Destruction’s favor.
He heard how the King of Destruction had challenged Raelt of Jecrass. And in so doing—the King of Duels had earned his name.
A tale of wrath, of sorrow. Of terrible deeds. Like Trey’s own. Fetohep finished simply.
“The King of Destruction would have slaughtered the Prime Minister. And his officials. The politicians, the Watch Captains, the rulers of each city and village responsible for the carnage. He put hundreds to death for his justice. What say you to that, Trey Atwood?”
The undead ruler’s voice was disapproving. Yet, Trey Atwood looked at him. And his hand clenched on the bag that still sat at his feet, smelling of rotten flesh and a city of horrors.
“What do I say? I say—good.”
Fetohep glanced at Trey, surprised by the response.
