7.21 KQ
Page 20
In this case, it was both. The man who had died had perished in a quest to avenge his love. And he had asked—she had asked Calirn—that they be buried together. Even though the man had failed, Calirn would honor their request.
In ash, he sailed across the waters. A fallen [Knight]. An extinguished flame. Ser Raim of the Season of Summer had tried to burn away the Spider of Terandria, the [Witch]. Belavierr.
He had failed.
There was nothing more to it. He had come so close. But his mortal body had betrayed him before his radiant soul. Calirn bowed his head.
Raim was the highest-leveled [Knight] who had died here, by far. He could sense the other Orders looking at him, wondering who had died. Some probably knew. Raim had been powerful. A [Knight] of his level could change the course of battles. Defeat the greatest of monsters.
He would be missed. And Calirn would not forget the Stitch Witch’s further sin on her list of transgressions against his Order.
But today? He just stood there. Reflecting on his faults, that had led to Ser Raim and the [Hunter]’s deaths. For he was Knight-Commander Calirn. And he was responsible for leading his order to war. For making decisions that would lead to the death of his [Knights].
As he awaited the barge, Calirn was silent. But he was aware of a shifting in the ranks around him. At last, the [Winter Knight] raised his white-haired head—as white as the snow which he could call with the power of his aura—and looked about.
“What is it?”
“[Knight Commander], it was just a minor quarrel—we are ashamed to break your concentration!”
Shamefaced, two of the [Spring Knights] clasped their fists to their chests. Calirn looked at them.
“Speak.”
One of the Knights of the Spring hesitated. But the other, young, female, came out with it. Her cheeks flushed as she spoke.
“I—I mean no disrespect to the people of Phel’s Light, Knight-Commander! But I feel it is a—a disgrace!”
“What is?”
Calirn gave her a blank look. The [Knight] gestured around. The docks were mostly empty. Or at least—this berth was. It was reserved for the barge, after all, so the docks themselves and the walkway on the harbor front were empty.
The [Knights] were there—and their [Squires], a few others who had ridden with them or were related to their causes—and a handful of pedestrians. Calirn regarded them. The Spring Knight went on.
“We are gathered here to honor our [Knights]! They have died far from Terandria’s soil and return home now! It is public knowledge. There should be a crowd. There have been, but—”
She looked around, frustrated. Calirn understood. Usually there was a large gathering of people, who would honor the fallen [Knights] even if they didn’t know who it was. But today?
No. Only the closest relatives. Calirn looked at the young [Knight].
“Knight Zidele, I understand your frustration. However—we have sworn an oath to perform our duties. Not for reward or fame or crowds. That we are here is what matters, do you understand? If people do not wish to join our occasion, what reason have we to begrudge them. Should we demand a [Baker] neglect his or her livelihood to attend?”
Zidele flushed at the reprimand. She bowed her head.
“No, Knight-Commander. It’s only—if it were that, I would understand. But as I understand it—they are attending another event.”
Calirn looked at her, blankly. Zidele’s voice had drawn the attention of the other knight orders. He sensed them listening in, turning their heads as most without helmets waited for the barge.
“Other event? What is that, Knight Zidele?”
The young woman hesitated.
