7.21 KQ
Page 0

It was so hot. A burning, all-consuming heat. Teresa Atwood gulped water, but it did little to quench her thirst. She felt as if she couldn’t cool down.
Her blood was racing. And her heart wouldn’t calm down. The young woman kept drinking.
And then she threw up. The water she’d gulped down so fast came up as her stomach, unprepared, decided it didn’t need the hydration. Teresa gasped and spat, and leaned over the side of her horse to do so. But she didn’t stop moving.
“Lady Teres! Are you alright?”
An alarmed voice called out. Teresa turned her head and vaguely saw someone riding towards her. A man with only one half. Death Commander Ytol of the Rustängmarder came towards Teres, balancing despite his lack of limbs.
“I’m—fine.”
Teresa realized she was slowing. [Riders] rode past her, as Ytol inspected Teres.
“Too much water, too quickly. Are you fit to ride?”
“I think so.”
Teres wanted to splash some water on her face, despite the waste. She needed to—just a bit. She cupped a palmful of water into one hand and splashed it onto her face. She was licking at her lips when she tasted the blood.
Ytol looked gravely at Teres as she recoiled. Then—she saw the water running down her face. It was red and dark. With blood and grime. Teres brushed at her face.
The young woman stared at her hand. It was red. A bit of flesh had come away. Not hers. Her stomach—moved. But only because she’d drunk more water. The sight of someone else’s blood was just numbing.
“Lady Atwood. We must keep moving. If you are unwell, please fall back.”
The Death Commander spoke, not unkindly. Just briskly. Teres looked at him. The leader of the company of the Rustängmarder paid no attention to the blood. And she—just stared at it.
She knew it was wrong. But Teres didn’t cry, or weep, or wonder whose blood it was. She had the first time she’d killed someone with a sword. After the battle at Reim—Trey used magic, but Teres had been taught the sword. She’d felt the times she killed someone. And they had haunted her.
They still did. But she didn’t dream any longer. She just rose, rode her horse, and fought. And this last battle had been the sixth major engagement she had ever taken part in.
The Realm of Jecrass. Teresa Atwood turned her head and saw parts of it burning. Across Belchan’s border, the King of Destruction’s armies had set the grasslands ablaze. But the River Wardens were fighting the fires. And while Flos Reimarch’s forces had marched on Jecrass, they had been halted at the border.
Rather—both sides had withdrawn after tearing each other to pieces. Jecrass had gotten the worst of it. But they had more soldiers to throw into the conflict.
And they had refused to give ground. Even in the face of Mars and Flos Reimarch—they’d held to the point of slaughter.
For one man. King Raelt Leysars, the [King of Challenges]. Also known as the ‘King of Duels’, as he’d been dubbed. Now, Jecrass fought for their [King], against Reim. And the incredible part was—they were holding the King of Destruction at bay.
“What’s wrong with Teres?”
Another voice. Teres looked up and saw someone galloping back towards her. Mars, the King’s Champion, the famous [Vanguard], didn’t look tired. But she’d fought without rest during the battle. She must have killed hundreds. Perhaps over a thousand soldiers by herself. Her armor was red.
And despite it all, they were retreating. Pulling back. Teres wobbled as Ytol turned towards her.
“Lady Teres is feeling the fatigue of battle.”
“I got it. Teres, come on. Ride on my horse.”
“I can ride.”
