7.21 KQ
Page 21
“The—concert. By the Queen of Pop, Knight-Commander. She arrived in this city not two hours ago. They are all there. Rather than here.”
“The Queen of…Pop?”
 
—-
 
The Queen of Pop. The Siren of Songs. The Baroness of the Beat. All of these titles were…self-proclaimed. She was not, in actual fact, royalty.
But her followers treated her like that. In Phel’s Light, the streets were flooded. Visitors had come streaming into the city, and even the nobility and a monarch was in the city.
A [Prince], in actual fact. The 3rd Prince of Pheislant. And two young [Ladies]—an actual [Baroness], the daughter of a [Baron] from Calanfer—and so many more had arrived in the city.
Because the Queen of Pop, the world’s first [Popstar]—was coming to perform in Phel’s Light today. And the crowds? They were going nuts.
Much to the bemusement of anyone who didn’t get it, actually. People not in the know, usually older adults, shook their heads or just stared at the younger generations lining the streets as the first coaches pulled through. They cheered madly, screaming.
“Queen of Pop! Queen of Pop!”
“Sing for us!”
“I love you! Please marry—”
That was the [Prince]. Besotted, he’d been to the last six concerts. The enigmatic, famous [Singer] had been performing her way south to Pheislant. And her fame was still growing.
She had changed Terandria. Her songs were reaching even the most refined of monarch’s courts in the form of ‘albums’, magical crystals that recorded sound and played them back. That wasn’t new of course; people had recorded speeches, music, and so on before.
But the Queen of Pop’s music was different. It had a…beat. A kind of flow and style and instruments this world had never dreamed of. It was pop, in a world that hadn’t even discovered rock, let alone funk or jazz or…
Instruments. The Siren of Song had an entire caravan, including wagons with her team and their belongings. She was known to have very strict requirements. And—she was also a private person.
The [Singer] wasn’t even visible, but some of her fellow performers, her band, were waving to the crowds. They were shouting and screaming and waving at the young men and women perched on the coaches or staring out the windows. And—for the befuddled [Knights] or anyone else who saw it, that was amazing. Because a [Knight] was a minor celebrity in most places outside of a city. But this?
This was fame as the world had seldom seen it. Knight-Commander Calirn actually heard the cheering as the Baroness of the Beats rolled in. The other [Knights] grumbled.
“Disgraceful. Knight-Commander, perhaps young Zidele is right. This isn’t fitting for…”
One of the [Summer Knights] murmured. Calirn turned his head.
“Ignore it. Or would you like to lodge a complaint with Prince Tellsiv of Pheislant?”
The [Summer Knight] closed his mouth. But his eyes flashed, suggesting he would like to do that very thing regardless of the politics. The cheering was wild, noisesome—
They were at a wake. The other orders shifted. At last, one of the Thronebearers coughed and walked over. He bowed stiffly but politely; his golden armor polished to perfection.
“Knight-Commander Calirn, I am Ser Dalimont of the Thronebearers of Calanfer. The Thronebrearers of the Eternal Throne of Calanfer greet you on this dark day. If it is not troublesome in this moment, may we speak of inconsequential matters before the arrival of our lost fallen?”
