7.21 KQ
Page 9
Slowly, the [King] looked around. And he nodded once.
“A matter of trust, Trey Atwood. This is not to be repeated. Attendants—you will not listen.”
They all covered their ears. Trey saw Fetohep lean over. The [King] whispered.
“Thrice before. Vision is the start. Once—the first time—the solution was not found. Next came tremors all Chandrar felt. Movement. But it was stopped. It must be stopped. I promise you. It will be done.”
Trey stared at Fetohep. The [King] sat back and slashed with his hands.
“Attendants. Serve. Trey Atwood, enough. Khelt will aid Germina in investigating with all haste. But we speak no more of…unpleasant matters. Is that clear?”
The young man nodded. Fetohep relaxed. The attendants, shaken, looked at their [King]. And as he sought for conversation, his eyes brightened.
“Do not worry, Trey Atwood. You have been mistreated, but that has ceased since you are now in my domain. I know you have been occupied. But tell me…have you heard aught of the world’s news since you have returned?”
Trey looked up. His terror over what was being hinted at—began to fade. Fetohep’s gaze was forcing the very conclusion out of his head. As perhaps, the [King] willed it. Trey would remember later. But for now, he and the people of Khelt relaxed. For Fetohep was almighty in his domain. His very presence was safety. Comfort.
Only the [King] bore fear and worry for the future. That his subjects and friends would not have to.
Trey was feeling a bit better—and how not, when the massage was undoing tension he didn’t even know he had? The Skill was literally soothing him—as Fetohep surely knew—and he could distract himself enough to respond.
“No, your Majesty. I came back and I was—withdrawn. Has something happened? I know about the war in Jecrass—his Majesty, Flos, ordered me to go north. But…”
Fetohep waved an impatient hand.
“Not that. I…or rather, my treasures were recently uncovered. The Diamond Swords of Serept were found by a group of students. Adventures. There was…a battle at sea. Among the major sea powers. You—you didn’t hear of it? I had…some role in the events.”
He looked keenly at Trey. And the [King] looked keenly disappointed when Trey shook his head.
“No, your Majesty. How were you involved? Were you at sea?”
“As an apparition. The Diamond Swords forged by Serept were cursed by an enchantment. Among other things, it allows the ruler of Khelt to manifest themselves—it is of no consequence. It was—a minor affair. Yes.”
The [King] paused. Eying Trey. And the young man resolved to find out what a ‘minor affair’ for Fetohep looked like. After a moment, Trey thought to inquire.
“What of the Diamond Swords? Forgive me, your majesty. I don’t know anything about them. Would you be so gracious as to enlighten me? If it’s not too much of a burden, that is?”
Fetohep’s magical flames in his eye sockets brightened.
“I suppose I could enlighten you. Attendants! Fetch the magical recording of the events. You see, the six swords are treasures forged by Serept of Khelt, Trey Atwood. Each one possesses an unparalleled magical enchantment. And I granted half to the treasure seekers…ah, but the pictures should illuminate the events…”
For the next…two hours, Trey found himself watching an aerial blow-by-blow of the events surrounding Wil and the others at sea, with Fetohep’s associated commentary.
“I would have given the Pact of Temius to the Gnoll, and perhaps The Unfilled Cup of Cexila to the Minotaur had I had the choice. That would be the…blue blade and red blades respectively.”
“Why, your Majesty?”
