7.21 KQ
Page 37
That was all—fine. If he did not believe, she would find the Stitch Witch. And free the [Prince] from his dark curse. Lillian laughed as she tended to Knives and then went to find him. She was a heroine in another, fantasy story. What a strange world this was.
But so much better than home. And if she couldn’t kill Belavierr, the immortal, she’d settle for the girl who’d tricked him. The girl The Griffin Prince loved—still loved. The daughter.
Wiskeria.
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This chapter is a bit shorter. Anyways, as you can probably tell, it’s mixing perspectives. Hence the title—7.21 KQ. The King of Destruction and the Queen of Pop.
I’m…ambivalent about that. But the reason the [Popstar]’s perspective is short is because it lost the poll! I warned you about that. It had to be written, but I didn’t devote an entire chapter just to Cara.
And perhaps that’s better. Or worse? Either way, it doesn’t mean that’s the end. Certainly not! Just that this is all we get for now.
Hope you enjoyed! I’m trying to keep the chapters shorter, but even this is a lot of work. Hope you like it!
There is so much amazing art coming in! So much, but I’m featuring only a few artists at a time! Today’s art is very fittingly the Quarass, Fetohep, and Trey by Microwaved Mrsha Plushie! Just incredible art.
Also, art by Mg! Which includes…nude Relc, but tastefully nude, Teriarch, The King of Challenges in a duel and…Pryde? Much thanks to both artists! More will be featured! And the poll is over, so look forwards to the chapters! I’m taking a break sometime this month, but I don’t know when yet! As always, thanks for reading! Whew. I need to rest.
PS: That Irish bit might be awful. I was trying to run it by some of my Irish readers (of which there are few), but anyone who’s actually from Ireland, let me know what needs changing.
https://ko-fi.com/boboplushie
https://ko-fi.com/henodus2
 
The Three by Microwaved Mrsha Plushie
(Full-size Verison)

Duels, Nudity, Dragons, and Pryde by Mg
                                         
 

