7.21 KQ
Page 11
“…Good? The slaughter of so many would be good?”
Trey bowed his head.
“Yes. Some people deserve to die. Some monsters shouldn’t live for what they’ve done.”
He clutched the pack to his chest and closed his eyes. Fetohep’s eyes flared, with that undead ruler’s perfect morality. But he looked at the young man who grieved. And held his own tongue.
In the silence of Fetohep’s glorious kingdom, and his rich rooms full of artwork and treasure, the King of Khelt saw Trey shaking. The young man, the [Sand Mage] held the bag.
“I didn’t know. I couldn’t stop anything. They were—they tried to warn me. I couldn’t even help them. They’re still alive. They knew it was me.”
He looked up. His eyes were overflowing. Fetohep beheld dark rage. Fury. A young man’s grief. And he looked around, unsettled. Unsure of what to do.
Fetohep of Khelt, in his glory and riches…looked at his young friend. Shaking. And he gestured.
“Perhaps…the comforts of the flesh? You have witnessed a tragedy, young Trey. I was similarly unsettled when first I visited A’ctelios. I think. When I fought Crelers for the first time, certainly. You are young. You there. Summon a seraglio of Khelt’s finest. Drinks. Even such pleasures as dreamleaf—no, the Vault of Wishes. Procure it and—”
Trey didn’t listen. He was fumbling with the bag. Drawing out the camera. Fetohep, meaning well, summoned Khelt’s most beautiful women—and a few handsome men and boys—trinkets of unsurpassed value. Drugs of every sort.
And it wouldn’t help. It didn’t help. A bevy of people willing to give Trey a night out of his wildest imagination—solo or in a group—stopped at the doorway. A magical vault containing one’s wildest imaginations halted on a pillow of silk. A hundred substances of various effects halted on their way towards the room, all legal in Khelt.
Because the young man wanted none of it. He showed Fetohep something. And the ruler slowly dismissed his thousands of expensive, worthless treasures. Because this was Trey’s grief.
“What is this, Trey Atwood?”
It was…a camera. Trey had found it in the bag that had belonged to the pakeil. The person. And he had fixed it. With magic.
[Repair] was such a useful spell. And Trey had…recharged the camera. Given it new life after it had run out of power.
It was a good camera. The kind you’d take a semi-professional video on. To upload it to Youtube, take videos with. It was, of course, capable of pictures. And video.
He wished he’d never found it. For…it had memories.
 
A young man standing in the sand. Surveying the landscape. He cursed—in an unfamiliar language. 
“Where are we?”
The view included a group of eighteen. Staring about, shouting, trying to call on their phones.
 
That was what he asked, but in another language. Portuguese? That was the first video. The next few were similar.
 
A view from atop a dune. Surveying a vast, vast landscape of sand to the north. To the south? More habitable lands. A shout—someone screaming as loudly as he could behind the speaker. A voice—
“Hey! You—you with the camera! Come down here!”
 
Accented English. Russian? The next videos gave clarity. To Trey, they were as sensible as his appearance in Chandrar.
 
People milling about. Talking. At last, there was sense. The wielder of the camera turned it back to his face. Trey saw a worried, smiling face. Other people.
A young man from Russia. A pair of Taiwanese visitors. Someone who said they had been with their parents—crying. Being consoled by an older Chinese woman—and she was barely twenty six. Still, oldest of the lot.
