7.21 KQ
Page 29
The audience was going nuts. The [Illusionists] had to cast a blanket [Silence] spell just to give the music the volume it needed. Uptown Funk was new—they’d be selling the magical crystals after the show.
“Miss Abebi—that thing you wanted to watch out for. The ship’s coming in!”
One of the stagehands whispered to Abebi as the Singer of Terandria launched into another song she’d taken from home. Abebi cursed.
“Already? Fine—I’ll get to Cara. Get ready! Tell the [Illusionists]!”
She hurried to the side of the stage. The [Bodyguards], keeping the others back, saw Abebi and let her through. Cara noticed—somehow—and held up a hand after she finished her next song.
“One moment, please! We might have another new song for you all!”
She leaned down and Abebi shouted up to her above the roar of the crowd.
“The ship’s coming in!”
Cara’s eyes sharpened. The Singer of Terandria rose. And she nodded at Thien.
“Hit it, Thien. My lovely stars! We have something new this time! If you’ll follow me—we have somewhere we need to be.”
Thien left his drumset. He grabbed another drum. Terandria had a lot of the instruments that Earth did. Not the same, but close. No pianos, which is what Cara wanted, along with some brass instruments and electronics, obviously.
But they had drums for war. Cara looked at the rest of the band. Rae jumped. She left the stage as the audience, confused, looked at each other.
“Somewhere to be?”
But then the [Singer] began to sing. And Thien grabbed the drum and a large, rounded mallet. He hooked the drum to his front. Because he wasn’t using a normal drum, a drumline. And he began a rhythmic beat that went through the ground.
Cara motioned, and her backup singers nodded. She pointed, and Thien stepped off the stage. The [Bodyguards] fought to clear them a path, but the [Singer] cleared the path herself. Her audience moved back as she walked with her band, following Thien.
They were playing a marching song. Marchin On—to the beat, as the [Singer] began to walk out of the plaza. And her audience followed.
 
—-
 
“It’s here.”
Knight-Commander Calirn was in a poor mood. The music in the background had been echoing for a good fifteen minutes. And—while some of the [Spring Knights] had begun tapping their feet surreptitiously to the music, it was noise from this far away.
And now—the funeral barge was incoming. And the music was still playing. The [Knight Commander] closed his eyes. The other [Knights] were shifting, looking at each other.
It was even growing louder. Calirn’s brows twitched. He was about to demand a [Silence] spell from his Knights of the Autumn, as disgraceful as that would be. When he heard a voice.
“Knight-Commander! Look!”
Knight Zidele pointed. And Calirn turned his head as the distant ship drifted into the harbor. He heard a female voice, joined by a few others, singing energetically. To the beat of a heavy drum he felt in his boots.
“Why is that music growing—”
He snapped, and then stopped. Because the Singer of Terandria walked into the harbor. And behind her—came the city.
The marching band stopped. And the audience the Queen of Pop had lured out of the plaza halted, piling onto the harbor front, around the crews. The [Knights] turned and stared at the thousands.
And there was the Queen of Pop. The catchy, pop song stopped as the beating drum trailed off. Some people began to cheer—but she lifted a hand.
And she had an aura. As strong as Calirn had ever seen in a [Singer]. The Singer raised her hand—and her fans, her audience, saw the black barge.
