7.21 KQ
Page 24
“Dire news, Dame Hevcla. Thank you for telling me.”
She nodded. And in her eyes the knowledge that this might lead the Order of Seasons to oppose Ailendamus was forefront. But perhaps the Order of Thirsting Veils did not want to see the three Terandrian kingdoms conquered. An empire was a terrible thing.
Honor and duty. That was a [Knight]’s life. She stepped back to her order after bowing. And then Ser Dalimont approached.
“You do us a service, Grandmaster Calirn. My order agrees this is…disadvantageous. We hope the Order of Seasons sees it the same way. Frankly speaking.”
As close to bluntness as he got. The Thronebearers had to be worried about war. Calirn nodded, and then Ser Dalimont offered his private words.
“Candidly, Grandmaster…my order is prepared for the worst. As is Calanfer. I too may not speak of my errands…but I soon depart via ship with one of my fellow [Knights] on a mission of great importance after we welcome our fallen. Calanfer would not wish—enemies—in this war from abroad.”
He had been listening in. Calirn looked at the man and Dalimont blushed. Thronebearers. They played too much politics. Stiffly, Calirn looked at Hevcla.
“One would hope Calanfer pursues its goals with dignity, Ser Dalimont.”
The man’s cheeks flamed. He bowed again.
“Of course, Ser Calirn. I offer this information as—a token of trust. We too are exploring…alliances. But the waters are muddied.”
Odd. Calanfer had two eligible [Princesses] they could marry off. As well as the lesser nobility. Unless—had the 4th [Princess] remarried?  So soon? But that still left one…
Calirn’s head hurt with the politics of it all. Still, Dalimont was giving the information in friendship. He nodded slowly.
“If Ailendamus should push—Pheislant will decide where it stands. Apart, perhaps, or with little aid. But the Order of Seasons will not let a sovereign nation fall so easily. That is all I may say.”
“Thank you, Grandmaster.”
The relief that came from Dalimont was palpable. It was a dangerous pledge, Calirn knew, but he would never have changed his mind. The [Knight Commander] was about to ask Dalimont more, push for more information before the barge arrived—when he heard a roar in the distance.
The Queen of Pop had emerged from her carriage. She was…radiant. Her clothes, makeup, even the way she was poised as the wagon’s doors opened and it slowed to let her step out and greet her fans—all of it spoke to a different world’s culture.
But this world was learning fast. People flooded forwards and were stopped by the line of [Bodyguards] hired to escort the famous singer.
“Excuse me! I’m a [Prince]! Singer! Miss Cara, it’s me! Make way! Make—”
The [Prince] of Pheislant wasn’t getting through the crowd. The others were cheering wildly, asking to shake the [Singer] of Terandria’s hand as she went across the crowd, doing just that, smiling, laughing.
The air around her was electric. Personality, force of will—even people who didn’t know the Singer of Terandria felt drawn to her, like metal to a magnet. She was laughing, excited, blowing kisses and talking with her audience as her fellow band members did the same. One of the young men with a guitar saw the [Baroness] and began talking with her as she stared at him with admiration.
“Outrageous.”
Ser Dalimont grimaced at the wild noise breaking the silence of the harbor. Calirn resisted the urge to clench his jaw.
It didn’t matter. The [Knights] had died and their honor wasn’t tarnished by lack of attention. And yet—it did matter. Their sacrifice should not be overshadowed by…
