7.21 KQ
Page 2
Raiding parties. Fast-moving Jecrass riders who attacked held settlements, overran garrisons or threatened supply lines. Jecrass was famed for the speed of its riders and it had proven that here. Flos’ armies couldn’t advance too far or they’d be cut off, surrounded, destroyed.
By the same token however, Jecrass couldn’t defeat the King of Destruction or his vassals in a pitched battle. Reim’s armies were nearly as numerous as Jecrass’ by now, and every engagement they won left far more dead on Jecrass’ side than Reim’s.
But Jecrass had reinforcements. Mars was cursing.
“Those were Silver-rank adventurers supporting from the sides. And Orthenon reported hacking up a team of Gold-ranks. So Medain’s supporting Jecrass. And Stitch-Soldiers from Nerrhavia…”
The other nations were backing Jecrass. Not officially; few had declared open war, like A’ctelios Salash. But they were sending gold, soldiers, and even artifacts to Raelt to help him push back Reim, weaken the nation.
So far—it was about even. Teres knew the dead numbers hurt Reim in the long term, but she and the [Soldiers] were also leveling. In time—the battle might wear Reim down too far. But survival mattered most.
“We have an army of sixty thousand joining the ones we just smashed. Some of those sands-cursed half-Elf elites from the Claiven Earth too. Insanely good [Archers]. They could tear us apart and if the [Trick Riders] shield them—I can’t kill them. I hope this city’s good enough to help us repel a siege. Because if Raelt pulls all his forces—he could overwhelm us.”
Mars was looking ahead. Teres saw a distant city, lying flat against the horizon on Jecrass’ border. Not one of the hill-cities with natural walls or heights to help fortify it. Even she knew that was a bad sign.
“His Majesty assured me reinforcements were not needed. We stand at Sadomere, Lady Mars.”
“Then we trust him.”
That was all Mars said. She rode ahead and Teres saw they were catching up. A [King] rode close to the head of his vanguard. Flos of Reimarch was sitting thoughtfully.
He too had dried blood on his armor. His beard. Yet, he looked calm. War was second-nature to him.
“Teres. Are you well?”
Flos of Reim turned his head and looked at her. Teres nodded.
“Worn out. Your Majesty. Sadomere doesn’t look defensible. And our army is worn out. They may level, but we’ll be outnumbered by those fresh reinforcements. And they have half-Elf archers. At least a thousand of them.”
Mars emphasized the words. Flos grimaced.
“Marksmen. Teres, you’ll keep back if we have to sortie. They can shoot through a gap in a visor. Any of them over a hundred years old who train for it, anyways. Half-Elves who practice war are nightmares on the field.”
“And we can hold Sadomere?”
“Perhaps. I believe so. I have a plan, Mars. Trust me.”
The Illusionist smiled. She tossed her head and her perfect face and body—splashed by red—looked radiant in the setting sun. A heroine out of a tale.
“Yes, sire. Although—Orthenon wouldn’t.”
“Well, he’s not here. Let’s get the army inside the walls. Teres, come. You’ll rest. I have no doubt the city will be besieged within the next…four hours?”
“Probably.”
Teres wearily slumped on her saddle. The two veterans spoke, talking of numbers and strategy. She looked up only once.
“Is this all to make Chandrar better? I thought Raelt was an honorable man.”
She saw the King of Destruction turn his head. He looked at her.
