7.21 KQ
Page 4
He had a movement Skill. Which was how Trey had reached Khelt so quickly. But the man hadn’t been prepared for Trey to ride across the border. And even now—he turned his horse, eying the ground.
It was moving. Undead warriors were rising around him, lashing out. The [Captain] rode back.
“Lord Atwood! King Reimarch expects you in Sadomere this evening—or tomorrow at the latest!”
Trey ignored him. He had no desire to ride for…twelve hours straight, drinking stamina potions even with a speed Skill. Or to listen to Flos. He called back to the [Captain] who was racing back to the border.
“You may tell his Majesty I am staying at Khelt. I am staying with King Fetohep as long as he will allow me.”
“His Majesty demands—”
Trey looked at the [Captain] as Kheltian undead rose, forming a barricade. Protecting Trey.
“If you want to come after me, go ahead and try.”
And the brave, living warriors of Reim hesitated. They looked at the undead rising out of the earth, and Trey, riding on. And they turned back.
For no one demanded anything of the ruler of Khelt lightly. Not even the King of Destruction. The undead monarch, the [King] of Khelt had known the instant Trey crossed onto his lands. And he gave Trey passage, as Trey had hoped.
The young man clutched his horse’s reins, soothing the animal as it rode. It was nervous, but it had been here before. And he looked ahead. Hoping to see a…a friend. As much as Nawalishifra. Trey couldn’t march to war as Gazi had.
The young man clutched something as he rode. He halted in the dirt and sand, as Khelt began to turn to green, fed by the vast supplies of water. Slowly, he dismounted from the horse and sat on the ground.
Ahead of him were villages. Cities, tended to by the undead. Fields maintained by undead wielding hoes and shovels. A paradise built of the undead—sustained by them in a perfection that allowed hedonism and art to flourish in equal measure.
But Trey sat on the ground. And bowed his head.
He looked at something. In time, an escort rode towards him.
“Lord Atwood? We are to escort you to his Eternal Majesty, Fetohep of Khelt.”
A mortal man called down to Trey. He was leading a carriage. Kheltian. And the escort was living—some of Khelt’s few peacekeepers, high-level [Soldiers]. They respectfully bowed. And Trey looked up as his horse pooped next to him. He had been engrossed.
“Oh. Thank you.”
“Are you…well? Lord Atwood? His Majesty expresses his concern. A [Healer] and other aids will be prepared if you are injured.”
The [Lord Commander] of Khelt bowed slightly in his saddle. None less had been sent to Trey. But the young man just shook his head. He climbed into the carriage.
“I’m…fine. Sorry for worrying you.”
And he was. As the carriage rode on, Trey sat there. Well of body. Although his throat sometimes felt—cut. But that was phantom pain. He was just looking at something.
A grimy backpack. Trey had washed it as best he could. But it was still filthy. And the backpack was open. The [Lord Commander] had not known what Trey held. But that was because it wasn’t of this world.
It was…
A camera.
 
—-
 
King Fetohep of Khelt was in a grand mood. As the carriage bearing Trey Atwood into the city rode forth, undead soldiers lined the walkway. His people observed the carriage. Not because he had insisted upon it; he seldom made his subjects do anything they did not want to.
