7.21 KQ
Page 8
“That’s not what I saw.”
Trey looked at Fetohep. And the undead [King] did not gainsay his words. He looked around. Clapped his hands.
“Servants! Provide the—frozen drink with sugar and cream. Also, a tea. Food, for my guest.”
The servants flooded back into the room. Trey found himself beset with a milkshake, tea, creature comforts—as Fetohep insisted he eat and relax. In his classic way, the undead [King] spared no pretense at hospitality.
Soon, Trey was lying on his back, being fed grapes and sips of his tea by someone while a [Masseur] attended to him from above. Fetohep reclined, drinking his magical brew as he spoke.
“You have been ill-treated, Trey Atwood. And I will not soon forget A’ctelios’ offense. Nor the Quarass’.”
His voice darkened. The undead ruler drummed one hand on the armrest of his throne.
“She too I bear a grudge against. For her actions against you. I am old even as immortals, few as there are, reckon it, Trey Atwood. But the Quarass I fear is so old she forgets herself. She takes the most…optimal actions towards power and considers the cost only in lives, not pain. I am sorry.”
He looked at Trey. The young man clutched at his throat as the servants murmured. There was still the faintest of scars. Fetohep hesitated. He looked at one of his attendants and then at Trey. Trying to remember himself.
“Did it—hurt?”
“No. It was just so fast. And I was—dying. She gave me a Skill. But I don’t want it. Not to ever be like that again.”
Trey whispered. Fetohep’s burning gaze dimmed.
“I am sorry, once again. If there is any consolation—the Quarass gave you a Skill most [Blood Mages] or [Artificers] would beg for. The power of lifesand is not inconsequential. Will you…show me one of your designs?”
It was a kindly offer. But Trey just shuddered.
“No, your Majesty. I can’t. Not anymore. They—they want my blood.”
His creations. Fetohep lowered his head.
“The Quarass is young. And old. I shall send an expression of my displeasure to Germina. Now.”
One of his eyes glinted and his servants shuddered. From across Khelt’s northern border…two thousand undead soldiers rose. And began to march.
Trey had no notion of it. He was remembering the last. And he shuddered worst of all.
“I thought it was a dream. But I’m sure the eye moved. Your Majesty. Did you—do you think A’ctelios could be wa—”
The word caught in his tongue. He tried it again.
“Is it still al—”
Another pause. He looked at Fetohep. The [King] made a slashing motion with one hand, stopping Trey’s words.
“Trey Atwood. Some things we do not speak of. Lest they be heard by ears to which space has no barrier.”
Trey looked at Fetohep. And he beheld fear. And that terrified Trey. Just for a moment, Fetohep rose. He looked towards the open windows that let visitors gaze upon his city.
“If what you refer to is so, and I believe the Quarass is also investigating…measures would be taken. I will contact her. After my first complaint is received. The Shield Kingdoms will investigate. Quickly. Decisively, even if A’ctelios is hostile.”
“What could you do?”
Fetohep looked at Trey. And his fingers drummed quickly—then stopped.
“Put it back to sleep. If the…vision moves—there are ways. It has happened thrice.”
Trey’s heart began to beat faster. The masseur looked very afraid as she concentrated on her task. The teacup wobbled as someone offered it to Trey. He drank, as much to pretend the world was normal as to quench his thirst.
“You mean it—”
He hesitated. Fetohep was raising a cautionary hand. Trey gulped and chose his words.
“Something happened thrice? More than—vision?”
