7.21 KQ
Page 1
Teres protested. She clutched the mare’s reins. She liked her horse. She’d named her Frecklehooves, because of the white-yellow hair around her legs. Flos had been offended at the name.
“Then ride with me.”
Again, Mars wasn’t unkind. Just—insistent. Teres nodded and dug her heels in. Her horse followed Mars, mostly without Teres’ help.
“His Majesty insists we get back to Sadomere by nightfall. Sadovere? Sadere? I don’t know.”
Mars was speaking to Ytol. The Death Commander nodded.
“Sadomere, Lady Mars. Is the city fortified for our defense?”
“It had damn well better be.”
That was all the [Vanguard] said. Her voice was terse. Teres found herself looking at Mars.
“What’s wrong?”
“We gave Jecrass a beating. I think it was that General—Lael? We beat her in the field. Shame I couldn’t get her. Those damn [Trick Riders]—”
 
Spurring their horses across the field, leaping over enemy [Soldiers]. Cut down, a few—but weaving, throwing ropes. Trying to drag Mars the Illusionist off her feet. She was strong—she yanked back and pulled one rider and their horse into the dust. But the rest were throwing nets, ropes, even creating illusions.
Stalling her advance, until Ytol ordered Mars to attack the enemy infantry rather than wasting time with the cavalry. Teres saw the King of Destruction ordering another charge. She plunged into the chaos, following him as the Rustängmarder warded the King of Destruction. 
Teresa Atwood saw a face as she rode through an unguarded flank. She swung her sword down and felt another woman die—
 
“—might be in trouble. Depends on how well Sadomere is fortified. Flos hasn’t ordered for reinforcements, but even defending…”
Mars was speaking quietly to Ytol. Teres looked up. Ytol was nodding, glancing at the marching Rustängmarder. They were moving fast; their numbers hadn’t been largely depleted. The army as a whole…had. They had left over ten thousand dead behind. The enemy—four times that number.
“A bloody damn battle. Those Jecrass soldiers won’t retreat even when I charge them. They must love their [King]. Damn, damn. I hate when his Majesty’s right. ‘An honorable man’. Pah.”
Mars spat. Teres looked at her.
“Why are we retreating? We…won, right?”
She didn’t remember. She didn’t have a view of the battlefield. Teres had just charged and fought until she heard the calls to retreat, or someone told her to rest. Mars looked at her.
“Sort of, Teres. We tore the enemy apart. We might have stayed; run them down and taken prisoners. But his Majesty got word from Orthenon and Gazi there’s a second army moving to reinforce. Sixty thousand strong. Fresh.”
Teres looked at Mars.
“They’re…not going to stop them?”
The forces of Reim were split. Orthenon and Gazi were circling, striking Jecrass with fast-moving cavalry. And Shepard Zamea and her half-Giants, who could keep pace. At the same time, Flos commanded the largest of his armies, with Mars and the Rustängmarder protecting him, and Parasol Stroll.
They kept clashing with Jecrass, and Jecrass was usually the army that fell back or took the worst of the battle. Every time, actually. The King of Destruction’s army was just filled with too many elites, and he and Mars and his best vassals were higher-level than their opponents.
But they could not advance. Jecrass—and half of Belchan as well—were stalemated. For every battle Reim won, they lost a dozen smaller battles. Because King Raelt of Jecrass had managed to duel the King of Destruction even in war.
