7.21 KQ
Page 16
They were even able to hit Sadomere’s defenders from a thousand paces away. The longbow [Archers] would trade out, use a Skill, and launch arrows that hit the defenders hiding behind the battlements. Only Maresar or similarly skilled [Archers] would have been able to counter them.
And the [Mages]—Teres knew that Parasol Stroll was good, but she didn’t have much hope. Even if Flos’ army repelled this one, it would be a brutal siege. And Jecrass could just pull in more troops if they were losing.
“You’re right, Teres. It’s not good. These walls were never built to counter enemies like this. Let alone the fact that we’ll be dealing with breaches. Once they enter the city, Jecrass’ cavalry will have an open battleground. Not nice alleyways.”
Flos glanced over his shoulder at the city. Teres nodded. Damn wide streets and efficient municipal planning. But the King of Destruction was smiling.
“Milord. They’re advancing.”
And here they came. Flos Reimarch’s head snapped up as the [Archers] began to advance within bow range. Infantry moved forwards, screening and hiding the vulnerable [Mages].
“Mars. I’m relying on you. Use your ranged weapons. Force those [Mages] back. For…ten minutes. Ulyse has the north wall—take the east. The west is the Rustängmarder—only idiots would concentrate on them. Teres! You and I will stand on the south walls. Perhaps that will dissuade them. Grab a shield. And watch for those high-level shots. Nuisances.”
The King of Destruction strode forwards. He raised his shield casually as Teres kept a distance behind him. Every now and then Flos would swat an arrow out of the air meant for him, even if it curved or tried to vanish.
Jecrass’ army was advancing. Their [Archers] threw up hails of deadly arrows as Flos’ tired army tried to return fire. It was technically in Flos’ favor; even with elites, his army had range and protection. Only the numbers favored the attackers.
And the fact that they would cause a breach and allow their army to make it a more even fight. The King of Destruction reached the southern wall. And there he stood, waving at the enemy army. Teres swore she could see General Lael hesitating as she saw the King of Destruction facing her.
“Flos. What’s your plan?”
“Wait. We have to let them get closer, Teres. You know I have a plan?”
“You’re not a complete dunce.”
The King of Destruction grinned toothily at Teres.
“Thank you, Teres. In truth—a Drake or Minotaurian army would be worse. They have siege weapons along with [Mages]. But this is fine. And I do have a plan.”
“The [Army of the King]?”
He smiled at her and angled his shield to block an arrow. Flos winced as it detonated and swore as both his and Teres’ ears rang from the fireball.
“Damned explosive arrows! Not yet. That must be used for a battle where it cripples my enemies. Or else it is wasted for a month. No—watch.”
The enemy army was charging the city. Teres saw Ulyse and the other [Mages] exchanging fire with the northern wall’s attackers. But soon—far too soon—there was an explosion.
From the southern wall. Flos swore and grabbed at Teres as the wall began to collapse near them. A [Geomancer] had caved it in. And the army, realizing the King of Destruction had few [Mages] there—was charging at the gap.
“Pikes! Get below and prepare for a charge!”
But then the wall rippled. And Teres saw another section cave in on the eastern side. She looked at Flos.
“[Mages]. One cannot fight without them. And my armies are light on [Mages]. Don’t fear, Teres.”
