7.21 KQ
Page 6
As it had been the last few times. Fetohep had entertained Trey four times since their initial meeting, and he had taken to the rather plush private dining quarters where Trey could sit in a comfy chair as Fetohep—in a throne-like chair that had been ported to this carpeted room, filled with soft lights, delicate water running across an indoor fountain, and even a sofa, hand-stitched and tailored after Trey’s descriptions—relaxed and bade Trey make himself comfortable.
“Trey Atwood. It has been long since you last came to Khelt. The King of Destruction uses you often. As is befitting of talent. But that you have come here of your will, I shall not begrudge. Nor shall the King of Destruction remove you save for your will or mine.”
The King of Khelt could be said to be…besotted with his young guest. So much so that his servants stared enviously at Trey for all the praise heaped upon his head.
Fetohep had, once, infamously witnessed a menagerie made of every single known animal and monster in all of Chandrar upon his sporadic exoduses from Khelt by a famed [Beast Master]. And he had pronounced it ‘adequate’.
Trey though…a woman who might have been a [Beauty] in any kingdom but Khelt was serving the young man his choice of drinks stared admiringly at him. And the young man listlessly took a bit of orange juice and sipped at it.
“Thank you, your Majesty.”
Fetohep noticed Trey’s mood, at last. He paused, and waved a hand. Servants swept forwards, with fresh-made food prepared by expert [Chefs].
“You appear…unwell, Trey Atwood. Are you truly well?”
“‘mfine. Thank you, your Majesty. Fetohep. I’ve just had…a bad few days. I’m…I’m…”
Trey never finished the sentence. Fetohep shifted; not in outrage over the use of his name. The [King] preferred the informality. But rather, curiosity.
“What is wrong, Trey Atwood?”
“I went to A’ctelios Salash. With the Quarass. And Gazi.”
The young man whispered. Fetohep paused, in accepting a magical drink which wafted green fumes he was taking care not to let Trey inhale. He gazed upon Trey.
“A’ctelios Salash? That…city?”
Trey nodded. He looked up. He had the camera in his hands.
“Yes. Flos—the King of Destruction—asked me to go. Because the Quarass was going. To…I can’t say.”
“To heal the half-Gazer. A’ctelios’ [Fleshshapers] are famed. Of course.”
Fetohep was no fool. Trey hesitated. But then he ducked his head.
“I was forbidden to talk of it.”
“Rest assured. The mortal squabbles of nations are of no interest to me. It is a confidence I hold.”
The undead ruler flicked one hand. And Trey’s state made more sense to Fetohep. The [King] tried to remember what he had known so easily as a man. Kindness. His voice softened.
“…The Carven City is not an easy place to visit. Even after death, I was struck by it in my visits. It is…how was your visit, Trey Atwood?”
The young man from earth looked up. And his eyes were haunted. As [Soldiers] returning from war sometimes were. Those who had seen things that would stay with them forever. Fetohep froze, holding the green, misty drink in his goblet.
For that was not the young man he had bade farewell to a week ago. Mortals changed too quickly. And Trey? He just smiled, as if he too were dead. And he had been buried in the ground.
Alive.
