7.22 D
Page 24
The crowd backed up. More called out to Geneva. She walked past them, in her protective leather armor. It was brown, rather than pearly white, but it had one mark of her profession. A red cross, painted on the back, underneath the resin.
The Last Light of Baleros. That was how they greeted her these days. A sick Lizardboy, with the early stages of the disease. Someone with a high fever and diarrhea—no pus. That only occurred if they had open wounds, thankfully.
Geneva made her rounds. Her clinic was far, far too small for the amount of patients with lesser ailments. But she stopped there, using her Skill, advising the families on what to do. Wash hands, do not allow the disease to spread.
It was a disaster. Geneva was making her nightly rounds; she had done them this morning, before Okasha’s silly break. And the people were listening.
But Talenqual was a Lizardfolk city. Which meant tightly-packed, social, wood housing that was sprawling rather than vertical except for the richer parts of the city which were built with stone. The exact sort of place a plague loved to spread.
And Geneva was one [Doctor]. Alone. She kept walking, her feet growing tired despite Okasha’s best efforts, into the night. She ignored her fatigue. But she had a nursing staff of less than ten, with volunteers. She had four suits of the protective equipment made and the rest were delayed for ‘real’ orders by the [Armorers]. No one was paying attention to this epidemic.
Except for her. And that had to change.
 
—-
 
Siri, the Swedish [Ranger] and member of the Bushrangers found Geneva in the clinic the next day at dawn. Geneva Scala was sitting in a chair, next to the contained petri dish. Snacking.
“Stay past the line.”
The [Doctor] pointed. Siri stopped at the yellow line that had been painted on the floor. No one was allowed past except people in protective gear or patients. She saw Geneva bite into a white stick, chew, grimacing.
“Nali-sticks? I didn’t know you liked them, Geneva.”
Siri indicated the white sticks Geneva was eating. They were concentrated sugar, the kind that gave you an insane rush of energy. So sweet they were addictive. The [Doctor] glanced up.
“You’re right. I don’t like it that much. It’s far too sweet, even by our standards of candy. But it’s quick energy. And…”
She grimaced. She needed them. And someone else loved them.
“Nali, Nali-stick! Gotta have my nali-sticks!”
Okasha shouted happily, sharing Geneva’s taste buds. It was fascinating how they could taste the same thing, but one mind enjoyed it while the other found it stimulating at best.
“What do you need, Siri? I’m going to meet…Fezimet today. In a few minutes, actually.”
“That’s why I’m here. Daly wants me to escort you.”
Siri spoke carefully. She saw Geneva’s brows snap together. Siri sighed. She shouldn’t have mentioned Daly.
“Why?”
“To make sure no one knocks over the container. To hold open doors.”
“And because Ken isn’t here and you could say something that upsets him.”
Okasha whispered into Geneva’s head. The [Doctor] scowled.
“I wouldn’t say anything that offends Fezimet.”
“I didn’t say that.”
Siri blinked a few times. Geneva hesitated.
“Sorry. Okasha, not you. Fine. Come on.”
She yawned, stretching. Then Geneva knocked over the quill she’d been using to write notes on all her patients. She bent down, grabbing for it.
And effortlessly reached down from an upright position. Touched the ground, scooped up the quill, and stood back up. All without her body protesting. Geneva and Siri stared.
“Wow. You’re flexible.”
