7.22 D
Page 14
The [Ranger] nodded. Siri shifted in her chair as Paige brought out something. A hand-crossbow, small, but made of steel. And wood, but the bow was spring steel. One of the Bushrangers whistled.
“Nasty.”
“I’ve upped the range and punching power. This hand-crossbow isn’t one of the torsion ones that the Greek-lot helped me make; I’m still improving it. But we might actually be able to mount a mini-ballista on a wagon. I’ll let you know. Quallet’s bought three dozen already.”
“How’re Gravetender’s Fist doing these days?”
Paige smiled as Siri investigated the crossbow.
“Well. They’re healthy, which is better than some other companies. They won a battle. Crossbows at range; the enemy never even closed. Quallet pays for my new designs.”
The United Nation’s company had many sources of income. The people working jobs, but also—Paige’s crossbows. Luan’s deliveries. The Bushranger’s missions. But also, and disconcertingly, the primary income was—
“And we’ve actually got the manufacturing up to…speed. We’re pulling in gold for Geneva’s condoms. If you can believe it, it was more than you hauled in last month. And her clinic is earning tons of money—”
The others groaned or laughed. Siri shook her head. That was her. Geneva. The Last Light of Baleros. Say what you would about the others—she was their icon. People didn’t make enemies of their company because of her. They did favors, like Mexy, because of her reputation.
The Last Light of Baleros. The only [Doctor] from Earth. Geneva Scala.
Siri paused. It occurred to her she hadn’t seen Geneva.
“Is she still working at the clinic?”
Paige shook her head. But then—Geneva stayed away from her. She bit her lip, and then shook her head.
“She’s spending all of her time in the clinic. Doing C-sections, teaching the [Midwives], healing anyone who comes in—but also tending to the Yellow Rivers patients. They’re growing in number. Geneva is getting really worried this is an epidemic. The bacteria—mutated across all her patients. It’s not just sex, now.”
Siri put down her fork. She looked at Paige, worried.
“And if it is?”
“Geneva is trying to find penicillin. She’s also going to talk with the leader of the Featherfolk Brigade—Fezimet. Tomorrow. You can ask her if she gets back. If she…sleeps. She doesn’t, sometimes. She’s driving herself into a wall.”
“She needs to rest.”
The second-in-command of the Bushrangers murmured. She’d seen Geneva at work. Or ‘relaxing’. Siri had seen stones being smashed by waves on the beach who relaxed better than Geneva. She worked herself to the bone and beyond.
“Maybe we should talk to her. If she knows Daly came back she might shout at him. Or—she would want to see the [Explorer]’s diary. There may be something he found that was useful.”
To Siri’s surprise, Paige did smile at that. She shook her head slightly.
“Don’t worry. Geneva is on a holiday. Today, at least.”
“You gave her a holiday? With people getting sick?”
What Geneva was that? The Geneva that Siri knew would work without sleep if someone had sprained a foot. But Paige just sighed.
“The other Geneva.”
“Oh.”
Of course. Siri nodded slowly; even the others didn’t know. But she did.
The other Geneva. That Geneva had changed…too.
 
—-
 
It was a very funny thing. They knew that Geneva hated violence. She hated the idea of bombs for the same reason she hated anything that would kill people. Injure people in the ways that haunted her sleep. Because she had sworn an oath.
