7.22 D
Page 38
“Calectus! It’s me! And it’s so amazing! Just like the Minds said! It’s even fresher than the newest corpse, and I feel—”
She ran her hands down her body, moving every part of her. Then she caught herself, coughed.
“Excuse me, Miss Scala.”
“What…?”
There was no box. But Geneva felt/heard the second Selphid speaking through her mouth, overriding her questions.
“Hello! I’m Idis! Since the other Selphid—Okasha—was trying to take you over, I’ll be helping you move! I’m from the Minds—our leaders! They really want to meet you, Miss Geneva. And I’ll help you get there and do—whatever needs doing! I’m actually pretty strong, so you can rely on me to kill whoever tries to hurt you!”
The Selphid went on as Geneva tried to speak. She chattered away, testing out other parts of Geneva’s body.
“I’m a Level 32 [Blademaster]—and a Level 14 [Barbarian]! That’s an entire thing, but we’re here to help in any way you need! I’ll help you move and manage you—like Okasha did. If I don’t suit, we have other Selphids who’re happy to help out! I won the honor, though. The Minds thought I’d be best. So hello!”
Geneva Scala blinked a few times. She raised and lowered her hands, looked at Calectus. The other Selphids looked at her. The [Doctor]. Calectus bowed his head.
“We have great need of you, Geneva Scala. We would like to learn from you. And help you. Idis will be our link with you. And protector.”
“That’s right! We can chat later, though. Calectus is bossy. Wow, can you hear me?”
“Yes.”
Idis laughed in Geneva’s head.
“Amazing! I’ve never done this. But it’s incredible! So much better than a corpse! I really like your body. Is that creepy to say? That’s creepy. Anyways—hi! We have so much important stuff to do. Together, I mean.”
She waved at herself. Geneva looked at the crying Selphid in the jar. She looked around.
Help was here. Geneva looked around at the other Selphids in their dead bodies, the wailing little Selphid in the jar. People willing to help, aid workers who could replace their bodies.
At last, there was aid. Reinforcements. Military strength and people willing to learn from Geneva. Money, recognition.
Everything the [Doctor] wanted. Faced with it all, Geneva Scala smiled.
But she wasn’t the one doing it.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Thus the poll for Geneva’s chapter won. After this, I will probably write the Maviola winning option, and then—a break for a week. That’s to help me recharge.
I hope you enjoy…no…wait…I hope the story matters to you. That’s a better way of putting it. If the story impacts, the readers, that’s what matters. I think that’s extremely important. What you take away from a story, even as much as the joy of reading it.
That’s a confused thought that might have come from an empty stomach and hours of writing, but it’s all I got. The story continues.
The art for this chapter is fittingly of Geneva. I’m featuring two artists as usual—Lire who has done a nude Relc…Erin with her glory flame, Bearclaw, and Geneva! Also, LeChatDemon who is being moved up because he did a very topical image of Geneva and Okasha. Much love for all of it; more artists have yet to be featured, so check #gallery if you want to see them ahead of time! Thanks for reading!
https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
 
Geneva and Okashas by LeChat

 
Bearclaw, Glory, Geneva, and Nude Relc by Lire
                                                         
 

