7.22 D
Page 7
“Why my students? Well—consider it an exercise. I’d like you two to investigate Miss Geneva Scala. A [Doctor] of her level is an asset. And she is tackling this Yellow Rivers disease.”
Both students made faces. Niers looked up.
“I know. But I consider it more than just an…inconvenience. It is affecting lands under my domain, or adjacent, and as well as Maelstrom’s Howling. It has the potential to be worse.”
The Centauress sobered up at once.
“I see, Professor. But—well—”
“Yes?”
The Titan looked kindly at her. The Centauress opened and shut her mouth.
But don’t you think that sending two of your best students would attract attention as well, sir?
That was what she didn’t ask. Because Niers had obviously thought about it. And if he hadn’t—well—how embarrassing, right? The Centauress shuffled her hooves and the Fraerling seemed to take it for uncertainty.
“Just investigate. As I said—you can lure her over to my company, and I certainly have a purse for you. But I do understand you two are new to the job of subterfuge. Do your best. I have faith in you two.”
The two female students blushed at the compliment. Umina swished her tail, looking at Niers. She didn’t ask an obvious question. She wanted to be the one to ask the special one.
“And her company, Professor? Do we acquire them too?”
Niers’ head rose. He gave Umina a blank look and she hesitated.
“…If that’s what it takes to recruit Miss Scala, yes, Umina. But they’re not exactly…elite.”
The Lizardgirl ducked her head and nodded. And she kicked herself for assuming. Niers regarded her, glanced down at his papers.
And he was lying to them. His beloved students looked at each other and Marian bowed.
“We’ll head to Talenqual right away, sir! And we’ll be as subtle as possible.”
“I’m sure. And I have the utmost faith in you, Marian, Umina.”
The Titan put his newspaper down. He saw Marian smile eagerly, Umina glance at his face, searching. But he let nothing slip. The two bowed. And Niers watched Marian slowly back up, so as to be able to turn about.
Centaur [Spies]. Oh, the world had many jokes, but Niers would laugh hard at that one. Not that Centaurs couldn’t be [Spies]. But Marian trying to be stealthy hurt his lungs.
Still, they were gone. Niers sighed. And though Umina had tried, she hadn’t figured out his real intentions.
“The United Nations company.”
The Titan murmured. They were comprised entirely of Humans. All of a certain age range. All…from another world.
That was his supposition. He wanted them. But—as he’d told Marian, lying by telling the truth, his opponents watched him like hawks. If he sent a company to Talenqual, the Featherfolk Brigade might take it as an act of war. And Tulm might damn well attack his escort depending on how important he thought Niers’ assets were.
“Anyways, Marian. The point of sending you two is to be subtle. And I know you’ll stick out like a sore thumb. Umina might do well. But let me apologize in advance. Well—you’ll adapt. And I’ll show you later how I planned it out in advance. If it works, of course.”
The Titan murmured to the ceiling. Then he took another gulp of tea.
“Lord Astoragon? The two [Strategists] have left. Should I bring our guests out of the anteroom now?”
Niers smiled as he waved a hand.
“Send them in, Peclir.”
He sat up. And after a moment—after Marian and Umina had left, on their solo, very important mission for the Professor, Niers saw a pair of his students enter the room. They were both visibly excited, but doing their best to appear professional.
“Professor. You had an…assignment for us?”
The Titan nodded gravely.
