7.22 D
Page 10
Tofte frowned. He hammered on the door. The company’s headquarters was almost always full of people, coming off their jobs, working different hours—
No one opened the door. Siri frowned.
“No help for it. Try the other doors?”
They were all locked. The Bushrangers looked at each other. Siri frowned.
“…Odd. Try the windows. Get ready.”
She circled around the headquarters, warily now. Dawson cursed.
“And the boss isn’t here. Weapons out, Siri?”
The street was…calm. Siri reached for her crossbow. Like her companions—she’d fought before. The Bushrangers were a division of the United Nations company that went into combat. Who could handle shooting someone in cold blood. Very few of them had volunteered.
“…Not yet. But hands on your weapons.”
She eased the long dagger in its sheathe, ready to draw it. Siri was going around to the side window, which she knew was open almost all the time…
Yes, it was open still. The Swedish girl sighed in relief. She motioned the others after her. She reached for the window as Dawson cupped his hands to boost her up—
“Don’t move. Back away or we’ll shoot.”
A voice from above. Siri froze. Two of the Bushrangers swung up their crossbows instantly, slapping bolts into place. They moved with a [Warrior]’s reflexes. There was an oath from above.
“Damn! Don’t shoot! It’s the Bushrangers! Lower your crossbows, mates! It’s us!”
“…Blake?”
A New Zealander poked his head out the windows. Instantly, the Bushrangers lowered their weapons, removing the bolts. Blake sighed.
“Damn! We nearly shot you, Siri! Didn’t you learn to knock?”
“No one answered the door! What are you doing?”
Siri stared up at a pair of crossbows poking out the windows. They were a sleeker design than the ones she and the Bushrangers were using. Blake—one of the newer Earthers that the United Nations company had taken in—shouted down.
“Being careful! We had a group try and break in and beat up Luan again! Hold on—let us get the door.”
By the time the Bushrangers came around the front, the door was open. Kirana spotted them.
“There you are! Did you find someone from home? Where is Daly?”
Her face was alarmed. Siri waved one hand.
“Edima found him. We found—we’ll explain later. Come on. What’s this about an attack?”
“Oh. That. More people after Luan’s bounty. He is resting. Come in, come in!”
Kirana, the [House Manager], a young woman from India, waved the Bushrangers through the door. She eyed their boots and clothing and blocked Siri.
“Carpet.”
“Oh, right. Hey, disrobe!”
Siri shouted at the others. They groaned, but stripped their boots off, placing the dirty apparel on the racks next to the entryway. They’d never have bothered in the old headquarters. It had been a nice place, but frankly—buggy. Dirty, and a bit porous. It had leaked when it rained.
But the new headquarters was nice. Cool, even! Siri breathed a sigh of relief as Kirana swept forwards. There was a shout from above. Blake came down the stairs.
“Look at you all! Where’s Daly? Did you find anyone? Hey! The Bushrangers are back!”
He turned and bellowed. Kirana winced. But there was a shout from the adjoining house. People flooded through one of the connecting doors that Miss Hastel had allowed them to install. And then the Bushrangers and Siri found themselves in a sea of questions.
“You’re back! Do you have souvenirs?”
“What were The Dyed Lands like? Do you have any dyes? We’re making clothing and we could actually use some that don’t cost—”
“Pictures? Dawson, where’s my camera? If you’ve broken it—”
“The Earther! Was it just a hoax or…?”
