7.22 D
Page 5
The Bushrangers looked from Daly to Siri. Dawson opened his mouth, but Kami elbowed him. In silence, they boarded the wagons. And Daly sat.
“Any orders, Mister Daly?”
“No, we got what we came here for. Thanks, Bault. Pihava.”
The two Centaurs grinned at him. They were the two Runners whom Daly and his team had made friends with; they were often the go-tos for his team.
“No sweat, Daly. You found that Human you were all excited about? Where is he?”
“…Not coming. We didn’t get there in time.”
“Oh. Uh—sorry.”
The two Centaurs looked at each other. Silently, they began pulling the wagon forwards. Daly felt it jolt into motion as the Bushrangers settled themselves. He kept looking at the journal.
Another Earther, lost. And he had been brave, resourceful; just the sort of person who could survive in another world. But there was only so much you could do alone, against monsters Earth had never witnessed.
Daly leaned back. He looked at some illustrations in the notebook and blanched. The [Explorer] had illustrated his height next to one diagram.
“Dead gods, that thing’s the size of a hill. Dawson, look at that.”
The other Australians glanced at the page. Dawson swore.
“Good thing we didn’t run into that. How do we take that thing down? How does anyone?”
“Most people? Spells. Or a Level 50+ [Warrior] with a magic sword and half a day. Us now…we just need a lot of powder.”
Daly spoke absently. He saw Siri look sharply at him. But the other Bushrangers just nodded. Daly sat back. That was what weapons from Earth were for. You could send a tank company against monsters from this world and it’d be a fair fight. That was what bombs were for.
But…Geneva didn’t see it that way. Daly put his head back. If he’d told Mexy the truth—it would be that Geneva would treat the Medusa because she treated everyone, free of charge if she need be. She was a saint—but a prickly one. And she hated Daly’s guts. Had hated them for the last few weeks.
The young man from Australia sat back in the wagon. He had made his choice. His finger twitched, though he held no crossbow as he closed his eyes. Anyways—he kept out of Geneva’s way these days. And for all her objections, this was his team.
She—had bigger problems anyways.
 
—-
 
The Dyed Lands rested to the south of Baleros, the mighty continent of jungles, snow, beaches, and everything in between.
But mostly jungles and plants. Long trade-roads connected cities which had eradicated the wilderness, but Baleros could easily be said to be the most ‘untamed’ of the five continents. Rhir of course had the blight, and Chandrar the deserts, but vegetation ruled Baleros as much as the companies.
It took four days for the Bushrangers to return to their home city, and that was with the Centaurs using stamina potions and their own speed-Skills. The others lived and slept in the wagons, heckling each other, crowding around to watch a rerun of a movie on a tiny smartphone screen—passing the time.
They were headed home. To Talenqual, a port-city, small to medium-sized, ruled by The Featherfolk Brigade, a mercenary company which had seized the city and area and kept control of it to this day.
The United Nations company was, by contrast, far smaller. But it had expanded significantly since coming to Talenqual and could now be said to be part of the city. It did not have much firepower as companies went; it was small in number and devoted only to finding more people from Earth and sheltering them.
