7.22 D
Page 23
And the open, growing, pus-filled wounds. Usually on their genitals, but now—spreading to other areas. They were regularly cleaned, but Geneva saw a telltale yellow and red dripping from Teqis’ clean bandages.
Only, it had stopped when the [Doctor] walked in. For a moment, there was relief. The Yellow Rivers disease halted in its consumption of skin, spreading through the immune systems.
“[Malady’s Cessation]. The Skill will get you an hour of time. I want you to rest, drink more fluids—hopefully you’ll begin fighting this off. You can recover, Teqis. You’re in your second week; this is when your immune system will begin fighting off the disease. I want you to remember that.”
The Lizardman’s eyes were watery.
“I will. My family stopped by, and I was feeling better.”
Geneva’s mouth opened worriedly. The Lizardman went on, hurriedly.
“They weren’t allowed in. But I could shout to them. It is better than the first week, [Doctor]. Thank you. I might—you’re our savior.”
He gestured around the clinic. The other patients were sighing, as the Skill helped them. For an hour, they could recover, fight back as the infection halted. Geneva clasped Teqis’ hand.
“I’m not doing enough.”
“Nonsense. You’re the Last Light of Baleros.”
He laughed weakly. Geneva looked around.
“I have to talk to the others, Teqis. But I’ll be here most of the night. One of the [Nurses] will come in to help; if you need anything, just call.”
“I will. Thank you.”
The Lizardman lay back, closing his eyes. Geneva walked on. The next patient was a Centaur, Biha. A Dullahan—two more Lizardfolk—
“Am I late? Sorry, I had to change into the gear.”
A [Nurse] walked in an hour after Geneva had seen to all the patients. Blake, another volunteer, paled as he inhaled the odor in the room. Geneva’s Skill had ended. The [Doctor] looked up.
“It’s fine. See to the patients. I’ve changed the bedpans—”
One of the symptoms was diarrhea.
“—but we may need more water. Remember to add the lemon and sea salt and honey.”
Blake was nodding. To replenish electrolytes and other elements, Geneva had come up with the drink along with the food they fed the patients. It saved lives.
“I’m heading out. I need your help scrubbing me down—then I’m going to visit the other patients. Do you have a list?”
“Here. They added twenty entries today alone.”
Blake handed Geneva the list. Okasha made a sound.
“So many…”
The [Doctor] didn’t blink.
“I’ll visit all of them. Just change the bandages. Send a Street Runner if there’s a complication. Remember, the poultice—”
“Yes, [Doctor]. We’re running out of ingredients and honey.”
“Tell Kirana to buy more.”
The [Doctor] walked into the changing room. Blake followed her, and helped her rinse off with soap and water. It sluiced into a drain; the septic tank would need to be emptied in time. Geneva needed to take precautions about that too.
Then she walked out of the clinic. In the street, people turned and stared. Some whispered. Others backed away. But more waved and called out.
“Miss Geneva! Miss Geneva! My son—”
A Lizardwoman was waiting for Geneva. One of many. They pushed forwards and Geneva held up a hand.
“Please! Don’t push. I’ve told you—keep your distance! Are you washing your hands, Miss Vioneq?”
The Lizardwoman wrung her clawed hands.
“Yes—but my son—”
“I’ll see to him. Stay back. Once I begin treating the patients, do not touch me. Stay back, and keep clean. Remember what I said: the disease is spreading through liquids, now. Boil your water. Wash your hands regularly. Do not touch your mouth or nose. Or—nose holes.”
