7.22 D
Page 6
But it had individuals of note. The Last Light of Baleros being one of them. Geneva Scala, the [Doctor] who had made her legend on the bloodiest of battlefields, saving lives. Kenjiro Murata, their [Diplomat] who had made peace between many species.
Luan Khumalo, the [Expert Rower] and former Olympian hopeful, already known as ‘The Rower of Talenqual’, a respected City Runner not least for his part in the Games at Daquin.
And last and perhaps least, especially in Geneva’s eyes, Daly Sullivan and his Bushrangers, a Silver-rank team that specialized in intercepting monsters and other threats.
They were a good group. Of various disciplines and personalities. But none of them were high-level. Except for perhaps Geneva Scala. And it was she who drew the eye. Her name—and the name of their company.
The United Nations Company. What a boast. What a farce, depending on how you looked at it. It was a bold name. An odd one. It spoke to anyone who heard it and was from Earth, though. Of another world. It was a rallying point and it had already attracted other people from Earth.
And more than that—attention from afar. The Titan of Baleros consulted his notes on the small company. And there weren’t many. Oh, the United Nations Company got notes because of the Last Light, but little else. They were a tiny company no one paid attention to but for the [Doctor].
And that was how he liked it. The Fraerling sighed as he sipped from a teacup. He found it was running low and dunked it in, what was for him, a bucket of tea.
A thimble for his students. But Niers had a relationship with caffeine. And Marian and Umina, standing in front of his desk, were used to the Professor’s idiosyncrasies.
“You want us to go to Talenqual, Professor?”
Marian spoke cautiously. She shuffled her hooves, careful not to bump the table Niers was sitting on. The Titan glanced up from his notes.
“Yes, Marian. You and Umina were my first pick, honestly. You can refuse of course, but summer classes are sporadic and Wil and the others are already on their vacation.”
“And Yerra.”
Umina sniffed. Marian’s head bowed. Niers paused.
“Yes. They are—occupied. But I do not teach many classes. I have a job for you two, as I laid out. If you would take it—”
He said nothing more of Yerranola, or Wil, or the events at sea. They had discussed it already at length in class. Marian hesitated.
“Yes, Professor. I just don’t understand why it should be us. We—I mean, Umina and I are [Strategists]. But we’re not Miss Perorn. Or…any of your people.”
By that, the Centaur meant the Forgotten Wing Company’s vast lists of assets. Niers nodded.
“You’re dancing, Marian.”
“Sir?”
“You’re asking why I don’t sent a company, or one of my best [Commanders] to investigate The Last Light of Baleros. Well—perhaps because I like to be subtle.”
“Then—why not a [Spy], sir?”
The Titan’s lips rose. He smirked around his report as he read from a copy of The Pallassian Times, downscaled to his size. Rather like Olesm’s newsletter, actually, only it was about all news in general. He grunted as he read.
“Perhaps because some of my opponents watch [Spies], Marian. Moreso than my students, even. There comes a time in a [Strategist]’s life—and I dearly hope you will one day understand what I mean—when one becomes so feared that people watch your every move. I can’t go to the bathroom without alarming Tulm.”
Umina cut short a snigger. Marian hid a smile. Niers went on.
