7.22 D
Page 11
“Anyone seen my socks? They’re the good socks! Come on, I know someone took them!”
People from Australia, Greece, India—Blake from New Zealand, a small group from Italy, Americans, a pair of Chinese students desperately trying to translate everything—people flooded around the Bushrangers. Laughing, they tried to explain. Siri, more sober, looked at Kirana.
A time ago, the young woman from India would have been ‘new’. But new were now the Grecian group, and the Chinese students who had been found apprenticing as [Alchemists]. Now, the [House Manager] clapped her hands. She had leveled up. And hers was a voice of authority.
“Everyone! Please let the Bushrangers eat! We will have time to answer questions later! You are hungry, aren’t you?”
The mostly Australian team shouted their affirmative.
“Bloody starving! Where’s the food?”
Dawson looked around. Kirana smiled and pointed.
“Right there.”
And it was being taken out of the kitchen by some of the [Housekeepers], [Cleaners], and members of the group assigned to keeping up the headquarters. Siri smelled spices in the air and fresh bread and her stomach rumbled.
The food was predominantly from India, as Kirana managed the kitchens and when she cooked, it was food she knew. The Bushrangers found themselves sitting down and talking.
“We were too late. There was someone, but he—died. A monster got him. He lasted for five months. And we think he was from your group, Kirana. Take a look.”
The young woman’s face fell. She took the worn, dirty journal and flipped it open. She gasped.
“Oh.”
“Do you know him? We couldn’t read it.”
The Bushrangers exchanged looks. Kirana nodded, her face pale.
“This is—Dev. He decided to leave rather than stay. See?”
She pointed. The name was written, but again, not in English. Siri put down the naan bread she’d been about to dip in a sauce, appetite suppressed for a moment.
“I’m sorry. He lasted five months. A real [Explorer]. Can you read that?”
“Of course. It says—he is writing about how he left our group. This is a journal.”
“Yeah. If you could read through it, translate it—it might be worth something. Maybe he found something in the jungle; we have some of his stuff.”
Kirana was nodding. Siri looked around.
“Is…Geneva here? Ken? Paige?”
She named the other three heads of the company. Some of the founders. Kirana looked wary.
“Geneva is—on holiday. Ken is out, two cities over. Trying to convince an [Alchemist] to make penicillin.”
“Fuck. We don’t have any yet?”
Dawson looked up, disgruntled. Kirana shook her head.
“Paige is upstairs. I will tell her you’re here. But there’s also—”
“The Bushrangers! Hello!”
A voice shouted from the stairs leading up to the second floor. Siri looked up and broke into a grin. A South African man was leaning over the balcony. Luan, one of the oldest members of the company strode down the stairs. And the Bushrangers shot to their feet.
“Luan! You made it back?”
“More like I haven’t left for a bit! I’ve taken a six-day break. I had to stay here—the bounty’s attracting more idiots than I can count and business was slow…”
The [Expert Rower] slapped the Bushrangers on the back, ignoring their travel stains and smell. The Bushrangers were laughing as the rest of the Earthers crowded around. Many were missing—mostly, the ones who’d been with the company longest. They had jobs and would come back by dinner, or later.
