7.22 D
Page 26
“Glorious Fezimet, please, Miss Scala. I’m joking. Call me whatever you like! Am I joking? I probably am.”
The Quexal rose to his full height, his feathered wings resplendent. Geneva sighed.
“Glorious Fezimet—you have to understand. This plague is spreading fast. When I say a lockdown of the city is necessary, I mean it.”
“For two weeks.”
The Quexal stared at Geneva, and stopped showing off his wings. She and Siri were in his office. He stared at the two Humans. Both were wearing Geneva’s masks and gloves. She had the petri dish with the Yellow Rivers sample on his desk. He had refused the mask. He didn’t have hands so much as talons halfway up his body.
The Quexal, one of the rare evolutions of Lizardfolk, was powerful. Huge, sinuous—an imposing form. And he could jump and glide. He was radiant, and knew it.
Geneva didn’t care. She had been talking to the leader of the Featherfolk Brigade, who ruled this city as the company in charge, and she was running out of patience.
“At least two weeks. No entry into the city, or exit. Via port or otherwise. I need [Healers] to help me tend to the patients, more protective armor—”
“All of which my company pays for. Because of a few cases of this Yellow Rivers stuff? I admit, it’s nasty. And I am honored by the Last Light of Baleros tending to people in my city free of charge.”
No one missed the emphasis on ‘my’. Geneva sighed. Fezimet went on, eying the yellow sample in the dish.
“But it’s spread by sex, isn’t it? That’s not an issue. Yes, there are cases. But your clinic is doing splendidly. That’s why I’m not even charging a tax. Just do more of that, yes? Hm?”
Siri broke in, her voice polite as she bowed to the Quexal.
“I’m afraid it’s not that simple. The disease has mutated, Glorious Fezimet.”
“Say what now? Done what?”
The leader of the Featherfolk Brigade paused. Siri tried to explain.
“Mutated. That means it—has changed. It now spreads via more than sex. Anyone who touches the pus—that sample, sir—can catch the virus.”
“Bacteria.”
Geneva whispered. Siri shrugged. Fezimet instantly recoiled and backed up towards his glass windows overseeing his city. The tower in which his company resided was the tallest by far.
“Touch it?”
“And have it enter their mucus glands. Mouth, nostrils—ears—”
The Quexal relaxed a bit.
“Oh. Then just don’t touch those places. Miss Scala, I appreciate the concern. But we have less than a hundred cases in the entire city! It is not an—what did you call it? An ‘epidemamy’?”
“Epidemy. It is a plague, Commander Fezimet. And it is already in Talenqual and other cities. The reason the numbers are low is because no one is looking for the disease! But for me!”
The Quexal made a polite sound as he flicked his tail.
“And yet—people recover.”
“In one to two weeks. I can speed recovery to one week if I attend to them personally. But in the meantime, they have fever, they discharge mucus and pus, have diarrhea—”
“Yes, yes. Please, I haven’t had breakfast yet. So what? It goes away in a week. Ideal! This isn’t as bad as the serious plagues. Believe me, I lived through the Petriplague when I was a hatchling. That killed. This goes away!”
The Quexal cut Geneva off, looking disgusted. Geneva inhaled a few times.
