7.22 D
Page 34
Her mouth froze mid-chew. Geneva caught herself reaching for another nali-stick. Good? When had they started tasting good? They hadn’t always tasted like this. Had they…?
“Okasha. Are my taste buds—different?”
No. Even a Selphid couldn’t change them. Geneva thought.
“Okasha. Did you level up again?”
She heard a voice in her head. No—more like a giggle.
“Maybe. Have another nali-stick.”
And Geneva did.
 
—-
 
It reached a head on a good day. A glorious day.
“Miss Geneva Scala? I have a sum of coins from…the Maelstrom’s Howling company. They’ve sent you gold and they want to know if you’d be willing to travel north. To…visit them and consult about this plague.”
The wide-eyed Courier stopped in Geneva’s clinic with a letter of credit to the nearest Merchant’s Guild. Geneva, who was used to letters from other cities and [Healers] by now, hesitated.
“Maelstrom’s Howling? One of the Four Great Companies?”
“Yes, Miss. And you’re the Last Light of Baleros, right? My name is Timashi. It’s an honor to meet you.”
The Centaur Courier ducked his head. Geneva blinked at him.
“I wasn’t aware people knew about me. And that…title is an exaggeration, Courier Timashi.”
The Centaur tossed his head.
“Oh, I know. Names are always like that. But the herds—pardon me—my people talk about you. A Human of honor. You saved my people’s lives. More than once.”
She looked at him. And remembered two Centaurs she had saved, both in times of war. Geneva nodded slowly.
“It’s a delight to meet you, Timashi. And—I don’t know if I can travel, but I’ll think about it. I can certainly correspond. We’ll put the gold to good use. Excuse me? Can someone take the…letter? My suit is dirty.”
“I can! Excuse me, thank you.”
A Lizardgirl hurried over in her suit of gear. Geneva nodded gratefully to her. A few more [Nurses] had volunteered since the plague had spread further. Well—the United Nations company was growing. Daly had recruited some more adventurers, even a Drake and Dullahan.
“Thank you—Miss Ullia?”
The Lizardgirl bowed slightly as she took the letter carefully. She stared at the Courier and her eyes flicked to Geneva; awe, no doubt at one of the Great Companies making a move.
“I also have a letter from the Forgotten Wing company. More gold; and an invitation to meet as well.”
“Thank you. As I said, I’m quite busy…”
The two Great Companies named were closest geographically to Talenqual, so it made sense they were worried about the illness. The gold would go to good use; Geneva had expanded her clinic twice. She was planning on an actual hospital. But she needed staff; she could entice workers who wouldn’t volunteer with gold, but she wanted people who would volunteer.
“My pleasure, Miss Scala. And if you have any deliveries, I’d be happy to take them at a discount.”
The Courier smiled at her. Geneva smiled back.
“Thank you. Perhaps we could get a drink tonight? If you’re staying in the city?”
She gave him an admiring look. The Centaur preened slightly as they did under attention.
“Well—certainly! I could stay the night.”
“I’ll be off work in two hours. Perhaps we could meet at—”
Geneva smiled, agreed to meet the Centaur, and bade him farewell. Then she lost her smile.
“Okasha.”
“What? He’s nice. I think he’s nice.”
The Selphid slyly retorted. Geneva crossed her arms.
“We don’t have time for this. We—”
She saw Ullia, the Lizardgirl, coming back over.
“Excuse me, Ullia. Can you tend to the patients? I need to…think for a moment.”
“Of course, Doctor Scala.”
Umina bowed and watched Geneva retreat into her office. Then she whispered into the little short-range speaking stone.
