7.22 D
Page 3
“Don’t worry! We’re rare among Lizardfolk. I’m used to it. And don’t mind my snakes, Miss Siri. They just lick you because they’re curious; they really are stupid. If they get cut off, I’ll regrow them. That’s a Medusae’s gifts; we’re not as smart as Lamias, but close, not as strong and tough as Gorgons or even Nagas, but we heal and see. We’re also solitary.”
She tapped her chest and the Lizardfolk looked up at their leader with awe and respect. A Medusa, one of the Lizardfolk’s possible forms they could achieve.
Daly admired Mexy too. But they’d taken up a lot of her time. And unlike Kami, or Dawson, he was spoken for. So he just nodded to Mexy and hoped none of his teammates tried to chat her up before they left.
“Once again, Adventurer Mexy, you have our thanks. I think this was one of our former companions who got lost.”
“Poor bastard. I heard about the teleportation spell that got your lot. I’m sorry it came to it too—if we’d pushed in a bit further, we might have found him before the end. But that’s how it goes. No one expected to find a damn camp in the Chalklands. He had a lot of traps; nearly got two of my crew.”
Mexy gestured to her exploration team. Daly nodded. No grudge here. And indeed—Mexy had done them a favor, asking about. His team had gotten word in Talenqual about the mysterious journal and they’d put two and two together. On a hunch they’d come out this far and recovered the journal. No more would they do.
The Dyed Lands waited ahead. The red jungle was like the Bloodfields—at least, that was what Mexy compared it to. But it was dense and within a few feet you would lose all sense of direction. A hell of confusion. Daly would never enter it willingly.
Something made a thunderous growling sound in the distance. Daly tensed and his team raised their crossbows. Mexy held up one hand as she reached for her bow.
“Hold. If it’s the Eatswarms—we run. If it’s a Charging Leomouth—we fight. Can’t outrun those fast things.”
Her team whirled. Daly looked around. Siri reached for something at her side. A bag of holding. And in it—a weapon that could probably wipe out even one of The Dyed Lands’ larger monsters.
A black-powder bomb. But it didn’t come out. The growling sound came again, more distant. Mexy lowered her hand and everyone relaxed.
“Must be hunting further away from us. We’re clear.”
Daly nodded to his team. They relaxed. They had melee weapons and powerful crossbows that even Mexy’s team were admiring. Dawson himself had a crossbow that was closer to a ballista—it had two hand-cranks and needed a special contraption to even reload that Paige had worked up. But it could shoot through almost anything, and it had an accurate range of 97 meters—which was, in American—320 feet.
Even so, Daly wasn’t willing to take his team into The Dyed Lands. He nodded to Mexy.
“Thank you for selling us his possessions.”
It wasn’t much more than the journal, but the Medusa had handed it over for a reasonable finder’s fee. Steep—but not exorbitant. Daly nodded as he tucked the journal away in his bag of holding. Mexy smiled.
“Frankly, Adventurer Daly, Wistram offered more than you and were very interested in the journal. They actually sent envoys even when I told them I’d be selling to another buyer. You beat them by two days.”
The Silver-rank Captain blinked. He tensed slightly and felt the rest of his team stiffen. He tried to address Mexy casually.
“Really?”
She nodded, looking only vaguely interested.
