7.22 D
Page 12
But Luan was asking about the missing Earther the Bushrangers had been going to find and Kirana was paging through the journal and exclaiming at the outlandish monsters illustrated there. The [Explorer], Dev, had possessed an illustration Skill so they were unnaturally well-done. Siri was asking about the bounty—
When someone else opened the door. Paige walked into the room. The [Blackpowder Engineer] saw the Bushrangers. And everyone turned to her.
“I heard a commotion.”
The young woman spoke into the sudden silence. Siri smiled, but she was one of the only ones. Half of the room—looked away from Paige. As they would have if Daly had come back. The other half, the Bushrangers included, nodded at Paige. But the tension was there and real.
“Paige. Come on over.”
Luan waved Paige over, smiling and ignoring the underlying current. Some of the others actually got up and left as Paige walked over. She saw, and hesitated.
“I’ll—catch up later. Over dinner? Siri, anyone hurt? Daly?”
“No.”
Siri replied steadily, ignoring the glares his name provoked. Paige nodded. She met a few simmering gazes coolly.
“I have new crossbow designs done. Pick them up before you go anywhere. Also—we might need security on Luan. He’ll explain.”
She turned and left. The door closed and Siri felt the room relax. She looked around and saw Luan sigh. Dawson looked about as he reached for a pot of food.
“Welcome home. How was it, Dawson? Bloody fucking awful mate, thanks for asking. We had to fight some monsters on the outskirts of The Dyed Lands and that was no jaunt. Hells! Thanks for doing that, Dawson! You’re welcome. Someone pass the rice.”
 
—-
 
The United Nations company was split. And even Ken couldn’t fix it. As Siri washed herself, carefully enjoying the hot water someone had to haul from a well to their building and then heat, she felt it in the headquarters.
The company was larger than ever. More people from Baleros were being found with each week. Or—their remains. But they’d expanded, and they had gold. Lots of it, actually.
Well, for a given amount. As adventurers, the Bushrangers were still poor. And the United Nations Company was similarly insolvent by that standard. But if you measured by the layperson’s income?
They were doing well. Well enough to afford good meat, food, four nice houses (even if Miss Hastel, the Centauress [Landlady] was giving them a discount), and a lot of amenities.
Even a [Repair] spell from one of their new [Mages]. Myron, from Greece. The United Nations company had lighting—someone had actually installed a flashlight in one area, just hanging from the ceiling since it was free light so long as you cast [Repair] on it. They had laptops for movies, which were on rotation that everyone shared, bug-free housing, beds for all—
And they were divided. The Bushrangers enjoyed a good welcome, because they were hard-workers who pulled in a lion’s share of coin for the company. Paige and Daly—did not.
They bore most of the blame, even though Siri was always burningly aware of the charge of black powder that Paige had given her. It could and had blown up larger monsters; it was weaker than modern explosives from Earth, but it was still capable of tearing stone or hides apart.
And that bothered some people. Anyone from Earth who was leery about bringing well, firearms to this world. Who saw that was going from self-defense or the need to make money like the Bushrangers did to importing dangerous technologies.
