7.22 D
Page 29
“And what about the broken leg? So they’re sick with a broken leg and ill? And we can’t use a potion? Surely there’s some medicine. I hear someone had wonderful success with a poultice of Sage’s Grass and—”
“It doesn’t work.”
Geneva snapped at the Lizardwoman [Healer]. The woman looked affronted.
“How do you know?”
“I’ve tested it.”
“Well, my friend says it worked on—”
“It does not work. Nothing works on this disease so far except keeping your patients hydrated, clean, and rested! There is no magical cure. A poultice will only make things worse or do nothing!”
The [Healers] murmured, discontent, doubting. Geneva scowled at them. Idiots! They relied on magic. They didn’t know the first thing about germ theory. She saw one of them raise a hand.
“Okay, I understand not poultices and potions. But I have some lovely magical crystals that—”
The [Doctor] slammed her hands on the table. The [Healers] fell silent. Geneva Scala breathed in, slowly.
“There is only one way to treat this illness. Listen closely. If you suspect someone of being sick, perform a drop test with a healing potion. Only then—”
 
—-
 
Some people listened. All the [Midwives] Geneva talked to were much more receptive than the [Healers]. They promised to take care—especially if the mother was in childbirth. They’d call for her to operate without potions if need be.
The Yellow Rivers disease was spreading. Geneva saw the signs everywhere. Closed brothels, or ones operating and advertising the condoms and that they’d been checked by The Last Light. The plague hadn’t spread yet.
But it was going to. That was how it worked. That was what ‘exponential’ meant. Only, who knew that word in this world? And it was going from port to port since Fezimet wouldn’t close Talenqual, let alone the other cities.
“We need a cure. I’m sorry, but I need you all to pull longer shifts. I’ve got some more volunteers—[Midwives], more of our company. But I need to come up with a cure. Fezimet has —graciously—ordered some of the lower-level [Alchemists] to find a penicillin substitute. But making sure it works without serious side-effects will take time. I need to split my attention between testing and the clinic. I will come here every day, but you will all be in charge.”
Geneva gave a speech to her [Nurses]. All nine of them stood in front of her as she stood. Somewhat unsteady. They nodded seriously. Geneva wobbled.
“Thank you, sincerely, for everything. Anyone not working can go rest.”
That came from Okasha. Geneva sat down as the others filed out. The clinic had six more cots in it. And Geneva had just paid for the building next to it—a shop—to expand her business. The owner had sold her the rights. The [Shopkeeper] had been terrified of the illness anyways and Fezimet had ‘insisted’.
Geneva was too tired to worry about the ethics. They needed the room. She sat down. Was the world…spinning? She only realized someone was talking into her head after a few seconds.
“Geneva, you’re been in charge and awake for nearly nineteen hours! Give me a turn. You’re exhausting yourself again! There’s all this ick in your system—you keep trying to make too much stomach acid as well! You need to rest. It’s been over a day since we slept!”
Okasha was worried. Geneva jerked upright.
“I’m—fine. It’s not your time off, Okasha. We don’t have time for that.”
“I didn’t ask for that. I just said—”
“My Skills are nearly recharged, Okasha. I’m doing the rounds. I can rest afterwards.”
