7.22 D
Page 28
“I’m terribly sorry, oh Glorious Fezimet. You have lovely plumage today, by the way. But I was concerned for civilian matters. I am not a commander.”
Geneva-Okasha bowed, smiling politely. Fezimet blinked a few times, and then relaxed.
“Well, I can’t expect a [Doctor] to understand military matters. I see the issue. Yes—you’ll have an announcement. We’ll do it later today!”
The [Doctor] in question exhaled slowly in relief. She closed her eyes.
“And the lockdown?”
Fezimet smiled.
“Obviously, that’s a bit too far. But I will order the [Healers] in the city to take orders from you. I think that’s the best compromise. Don’t you?”
Geneva’s head snapped up. And Okasha was too slow this time to stop her retort. Siri covered her face with one hand.
 
—-
 
“There is a small illness running through our city. And other cities! It’s known as the Yellow Rivers disease—and apparently, it spreads through the horrible pus. Not just sex. We have the situation under control, but there are precautions we need to take. Now, I have The Last Light of Baleros here to speak about it. Miss Scala?”
Daly saw Geneva standing on the podium in front of the crowd. He saw the [Doctor] arranging her notes. Talenqual’s citizens were staring up at her and Fezimet in the announcement square.
She did not look happy. She’d protested Fezimet wanting to gather people with an infectious disease running rampant. She didn’t like his wording, either, as her tone made clear.
“…The Yellow Rivers disease is a growing epidemic in Baleros. It may already be travelling to other major ports in the world. It spreads via sex—or any contact with the infected pus or other liquids to orifices. That means nostrils, mouths—anyone can get it. Using a healing potion will only make the disease worse.”
The crowd murmured. Geneva went on.
“It can be prevented.”
“Absolutely it can! And anyone who is ill should visit Miss Scala’s clinic.”
Fezimet slithered forwards to shout reassuringly. Geneva glared at him.
“…But I am convinced this disease is already present in multiple cities. And spreading through red light districts. Brothels, and then from person to person. To remain safe, you must wash your hands or claws with soap before eating. Do not touch your face, eyes, mouth, if you can avoid it. If you think someone is ill—”
“Shit. She looks exhausted. When does she sleep?”
Daly cursed as he and Edima looked up at Geneva. She was indeed pale, and there were rings around her eyes. The Dullahan looked worriedly at Daly.
“How bad is this disease, Daly?”
“At the moment? Bad. According to Geneva, it’ll get worse. At least Fezimet’s giving her control of the [Healers]. They can’t use healing potions.”
Which was entirely the problem. No one in Talenqual was happy with the pronouncement. The people looked to Geneva, the Last Light of Baleros as a source of reassurance, but the [Healers] weren’t so sanguine.
“If we cannot tell if someone is infected, what do we do? If a Centaur is lying on the ground, with a broken leg—”
“Set the bone, clean the wound, and let them heal naturally. Use anything but magic!”
Geneva snapped back. Thirty minutes after her speech—which had taken thirty minutes of repeating instructions about how to contain the Yellow Rivers disease—she was arguing with the [Healers]. They looked discontent.
“But that will take months! Without a potion—”
“Even a drop makes the infection worse. Do a drop test first. If the potion has no visible effects, they are infected. And they have to be quarantined—”
