7.22 D
Page 8
“Please, sit, Kissilt, Cameral. Take the two reports I have on the desk.”
Marian and Umina had helpfully left them there. The Drake and Dullahan sat down, looking at each other. Niers began for the fourth time.
“You two are the first two of my students I had in mind for this assignment. It’s a rather simple task, really. Investigate a unique individual. One Geneva Scala, known as the Last Light of Baleros…”
Kissilt’s eyes gleamed. Cameral was hesitant. The two sat in front of Niers. Almost trembling with excitement as Niers gave them his unique and very secret assignment.
He felt bad, he really did. But he’d sent three pairs after Geneva Scala already. And this last, the fourth, would ensure that his opponents saw just another assignment.
And his students would certainly not leak the information to each other. They’d all been given stipends, similar-yet-different assignments. One of them would procure the [Doctor]. Or—failing that—find out what Niers so desperately wanted.
“You can trust in us, Professor. Cameral and I are the height of discretion. I learned espionage at Manus. I mean—I had some studies there.”
Kissilt, the Drake, smiled. Niers wanted to roll his eyes. Drake subterfuge—well, okay, they did sabotage well, but they were as bad at it as Centaurs, despite being smaller. Cameral now…the Dullahan only bowed as he fastened his head to his shoulders.
“I will do my utmost, Professor.”
“I know, Cameral, lad. Just be discreet as you can. I’m not expecting miracles.”
Niers smiled as the Dullahan student bowed his head slightly. And he sighed as they left the room.
“Poor kids. If they run into each other and assume it’s my trick, that works. If they all work against each other, that works. But bring me that [Doctor]. And her company.”
From what he understood, Geneva Scala wouldn’t abandon her company, especially if they were…like her. The Titan sat back.
He could have gone himself. Taken a damn army to Talenqual and sacked the city. And he’d almost been tempted to do that, if it wouldn’t alarm all his enemies. He could have asked his spies—other agents.
But this worked. And if it worked well? He might have months of time on the other Great Companies and his enemies to learn and plan ahead. Tipping his hand in any major way meant an arms race at once. Information and time won wars.
And honestly, Niers had chosen it because it was somewhat—hands-off. He would let his intelligent, young students loose and support them as need be. But he could relax and attend to important matters.
And what was more important, pray tell, than another world? A [Doctor] with revolutionary Skills or skills? Nothing.
Or, for the Titan, one thing. He slowly unraveled a tiny, worn bit of parchment. It had arrived only yesterday, and it was already crinkled.
It read simply this:
 
The Gentlemen Callers are in Liscor. Awaiting further instructions.
 
The Titan’s hands shook as he put the roll of paper down on the table. He inspected it. Then—sighing, he reached for the artifact and wrote back. And every thought he had left, all of his genius, was focused on one thing.
Obsession. Hope. Speculation.
Her.
 
Investigate the [Innkeeper]. Code as follows for chess board. Knight to E6, Pawn to A1…
 
The Titan sat in his office after the message was sent. Sooner or later, he would know. Compared to that—even another world’s allure was faint.
