7.22 D
Page 0

Warning: If you are upset by narratives involving consent, please skip this chapter.
 
For the brave, the dreamers who yearned to see that which no one had ever seen before, another world was a dream. Earth had so few places left that were unexplored. And of them—they were the depths of the sea, crevasses in the earth.
Space. But technology had mapped too much. The world was too familiar, in a sense. Too…tame. Even though parts of it could and would eat you and spit chunks out, Earth had so few mysteries left. There was no mysterious land left to imagine. People knew what the world looked like.
And what a tragedy that was. Imagination died as the world shrank into something you could look at on a screen. There was perhaps only one adventure left—and Humans had not yet figured out how to fly through space at speed.
But in another world, one full of magic, there were still places where no one had explored. Where the knowledge of even Dragons failed. Challenges that remained, to dare the greatest of adventurers to unearth them.
The High Passes were one. The Last Tide and the end of the world, another. The ocean depths were uncharted, even by the Drowned Folk.
But there were more areas still. Despite the tens of thousands of years of advancement and regression, new, strange lands still remained. Or rather—they appeared.
Zeikhal, Chandrar’s great desert, had not always been there. Nor had the growing Bloodfields. But if the Bloodfields was a growing mystery, however dark—there were other places.
Magic prompted growth. Evolution that nature unaided could have never aspired to. And change sometimes engulfed an area after magical cataclysm, creating another biome at speeds that would have astounded any [Biologist]. And in Baleros—they knew of one such place as The Dyed Lands of Seequal.
Once, Seequal had been a prosperous nation. But during the Selphid Empire, the Lizardfolk nation had come under attack. Rather than surrender, their greatest [Mages] had attempted to cast an experimental spell as armies marched on their capital.
The result? Magical devastation for hundreds of miles. Both army and nation had been wiped out. But the rampant magic had provoked the natural wildlife to adapt or die. And so—The Dyed Lands had come into existence.
Thousands of years later, it was, like the Bloodfields, an encroaching land on the ‘normal’ jungles and animals. A wild place, full of highly-charged magical plants and animals. A place of wonder.
And of course, terrible danger. The kind that had eaten entire armies who had tried to burn The Dyed Lands and establish control. Now, only a few people made their homes there. [Hunters] and [Alchemists] and [Gatherers], looking for new and rare ingredients—Saliss of Lights himself bought the immortal Ske-eel’s liquid at a premium for his potions. There was a fortune to be made if you had the wits or courage.
But most kept far from The Dyed Lands. It was a kind of death. If you weren’t eaten by the swarms of flying midges who would devour you piece by piece, or ran afoul of one of the giant apex predators, like the teleporting cavernous maws or stumbled into a field of plants whose poison no [Healer] had ever seen before—why would you live there?
Perhaps if you loved adventure. Or perhaps—if you had no choice. A young man had come to The Dyed Lands. And he had lived there.
