7.22 D
Page 16
Her voice wasn’t a voice at all. And she—was leaning forwards.
“Can you tell me more about—”
“Okasha!”
“I hear you! Shut up, shut up! This is my time! And I’m trying to get—us—lucky!”
A voice snapped back. It came from the entire room. Geneva frowned.
“No. Sex. We agreed on that. Anyone could have the Yellow Rivers disease. Okasha—”
“Fine! Shutupshutup! Go away! I still have an hour left!”
And then the projection of Geneva in the actual world vanished. Geneva blinked. She tried to make it come back.
But this was not her Skill.
“Okasha. What are you doing? I can’t see.”
“Fine! Let me be!”
Geneva saw the viewpoint appear again. Her flirting with the [Storm Sailors] was much more subdued, and they had picked up on her vibe and were looking discouraged. Geneva Scala went back to thinking.
And Okasha took Geneva’s body. She was smiling, drinking, apologizing to the [Storm Sailors]. She was Geneva—and not.
Her face was different. Her vocal range higher. The Selphid could do that to Geneva’s vocal chords at will, even change her facial muscles. The skin tone and eyes stayed the same, but it was amazing how different you could look.
This was—Okasha. Her look, separate from Geneva’s. They had agreed it was how Okasha could go about. Do her own thing without it being connected to Geneva. And this was her time.
Ever since the incident with Xeppal, things had changed between Geneva and Okasha. Conscious of the Selphid’s growing need for independence, trapped as she was to allow Geneva to move despite her shattered spine, Geneva had worked out a deal.
Okasha got three days out of the week, and six hours on each of those days. Six hours to be her, to go and eat food, see what she wanted, gamble, watch movies—
Sex with other people was off limits. But most other things were not. Okasha could pilot Geneva’s body; that was what Selphids did.
But normally Geneva would be conscious, feeling and seeing all these things, and obviously distracted. And obviously, displeased if it was something she didn’t like doing. Like watching a movie with idiotic [Doctors] in it or something. For the first two days she and Okasha had squabbled despite it being ‘Okasha-time’.
Until Okasha had leveled up. And gained a new class. Her new class—which both she and Geneva had been perplexed by was—
[Inner Friend].
And she had a new Skill. This place Geneva was in—this was a Skill. It allowed Okasha to separate Geneva’s mind from her body, place her in a spot where she could think and devote her entire brain to simply…thinking. While Okasha took over.
The Skill was named [The Thinking Room]. No, that wasn’t quite right. It was [Host: The Thinking Room].
Because it was a power a Selphid only had when they inhabited a living body. Okasha was the first Selphid in current memory to gain a class like this.
Geneva went back to thinking. And time did indeed have no meaning; because in this room, the thinking box as she and Okasha referred to it—she was disconnected from the outside world. Geneva only checked back into reality after a while—and realized she was leaning against a [Storm Sailor], recalling her own encounter at sea.
“Okasha. What time is it?”
Geneva saw out of the corner of her eye that the sun was quite low. The Selphid didn’t reply at first. She was all-consumed with spinning the yarn.
“Okasha—”
“And then I—hold on.”
Okasha broke off as the [Storm Sailors] snorted and nearly fell over laughing. She whispered into the box.
“What? I’m having a great time!”
“It’s time for me to get to work, Okasha. Give me control.”
“What? No, it’s not! It’s—aw, Creler eggs.”
