7.22 D
Page 30
Geneva got up. She looked around, muzzily. Maybe it was time to sleep? She’d use her Skill, then walk to the company, sleep for six hours. Four? That should do it.
She was just getting up when she heard a commotion outside the clinic. Geneva poked her head outside. And she saw a crowd of infected people arguing with Aiko.
“Let us in! We need The Last Light’s help!”
A Centaur was arguing with Aiko, pointing at an infected sore on his arm. He wasn’t badly off; nor were the others. Geneva recognized some of them. They all had minor symptoms. Aiko was trying to bar the door.
“We cannot take you all! Geneva will see you! Please—hello, please wait! We cannot—”
“You can’t not treat us!”
Someone called out. Geneva was hurrying towards them when it happened. Someone pushed Aiko out of the way. She went down with a cry. Geneva heard her glass mask break.
“Aiko!”
Blake saw and rushed forwards. But the crowd of patients rushed forwards, going for Geneva. She shouted. Aiko was being trampled! They were—
 
—-
 
Two hours later. Geneva Scala was still awake. She looked down at Aiko.
The young woman had cuts on her face from the broken glass mask. The clinic was being expanded next door; Geneva heard one of the [Builders] begin to knock the wall in. She sat, feeling Aiko’s head.
Despite the glass shards which Geneva had been forced to pull out manually—without painkillers—Aiko’s face wasn’t healed. No healing potion had been used.
She had a fever.
“Our suits didn’t work properly. Or she was infected when she was trampled.”
That was Blake’s conclusion. Geneva just shook her head.
“The incubation isn’t that fast. We didn’t use a potion; she was already sick. The suits aren’t perfect. We knew it was a risk.”
“You’re not sick. And you’ve treated the most people.”
“I have a resistance Skill. But I’m at risk, still. So is anyone else. Let the staff know. Aiko will be under my care. It’s early-stages; she wasn’t badly hurt. She will be fine.”
Geneva looked up. Blake looked at the cuts on Aiko’s face. The Yellows River bacteria ate away at open wounds. He hesitated, and then adjusted the glass mask on his face.
“I’ll let the others know. I’m staying.”
“Thank you.”
Geneva just sat there. Looking at her friend. Aiko had been the first [Nurse]. Now, she was breathing heavily as sweat beaded on her forehead. Geneva had administered a sleeping agent; she had that at least.
“Everyone, stay back! If you are sick, you have to take care of yourself! Anyone with serious symptoms will be treated! Do not approach!”
A voice bellowed from outside. Geneva looked up. It was Daly’s voice.
The Bushrangers were standing outside of the clinic. They had arrived to break up the mob and were now standing guard. They had their crossbows out and loaded. To get the others off them, Daly had shot one of the sick patients through the leg and his team had used force to pull the others off her.
He was standing outside when Geneva exited the clinic. She looked at him.
“Daly.”
“How’s Aiko?”
He turned to her, worry in his eyes. Geneva shook her head.
“Her wounds aren’t serious. I’ve applied my Skill; the cuts may scab over before…the bacteria begins to mortify the wounds. Why are the Bushrangers here?”
“As security. Fezimet will send some of his [Guards] tomorrow. We’re here tonight. We’ll trade off in shifts.”
Geneva stared at the crossbow the Australian man was holding. A bolt was loaded, although the safety was on. Daly saw her look.
“Desperate people, Geneva. We won’t fire if we don’t have to, but people need to see us.”
He hesitated as he met the [Doctor]’s gaze.
