7.22 D
Page 18
“I’m sorry. I’ll…see the Bushrangers later.”
She had no desire to see Daly, or Siri, or anyone else in the team. Geneva headed towards the stairs.
In one of the four houses the United Nations company now occupied, there was a sealed room with a reinforced, air-tight door. Geneva didn’t like having it with an actual population of people living nearby, but it was that or the clinic.
And the clinic could be broken into. Had been, three times, by [Healers] hiring low-level [Thieves] to snoop around and steal Geneva’s scalpels and other tools, looking for her ‘secret recipes’. Rather than let them walk off with something truly dangerous, Geneva had agreed to install this door.
So this house was reserved for business, entertainment—Paige’s workshop. Not with many beds in them. Just in case.
Just in case, Geneva would burn the entire house down if she thought there had been a breach. But she needed to do her research somewhere. She marched up the stairs. And on the way met another distraction.
“Geneva! Hello. Are you fed? Rested? I haven’t seen you all day. For two days, actually.”
Luan smiled on the stairs. Geneva sighed. Why did everyone greet her like that?
“It’s me, Luan. Not Okasha.”
He gave her a strange look.
“I know. That was obvious.”
She blinked a few times at him. He touched his face, turning it into a semi-permanent cross between a frown and a dour stare. Geneva hesitated.
“I don’t look like that.”
“Yes you do.”
Her mouth answered for her. Kirana and Luan jumped, but grinned as Okasha’s voice spoke. Luan nodded.
“Hi, Okasha.”
“Hi, Luan! You wouldn’t believe who’s in the harbor! I met some [Storm Sailors] who were at the battle at sea!”
“Really? What—”
“I’m working. Okasha can tell you later, during her time off. Luan, I’d love to chat. I hear the Bushrangers are back without incident. Good. I wish they’d found someone alive, I mean.”
Geneva brusquely overrode her mouth. She walked past Luan. The South African man eyed her.
“The person who died was Dev. An [Explorer]. He was in The Dyed Lands. He had a journal. Kirana thinks he might have found some interesting plants or animals.”
The [Doctor] stopped on the stairs. Luan glanced at Kirana out of the corner of his eyes. And then Geneva was striding back down to them.
“Anything useful? Plants? Animals? Even toxins? Let me see the journal.”
Kirana showed it to Geneva. The [Doctor] flipped through it.
“Can you read it?”
“Yes. There’s some notes about helpful things. For healing. Daly even brought back some of Dev’s supplies. We are looking through them—”
Geneva nearly dropped the journal. Her head snapped up.
“You have some of his equipment?”
“Yes, and—”
“Don’t touch any of it! You have no idea what could be in his gear! Parasites or poisons! Where is it?”
Luan and Kirana glanced at each other.
“Paige has—”
Geneva was up the stairs in a flash. She strode over to the [Engineer]’s door and began hammering on it.
“Paige! Open up! Do not open those samples without—”
The door opened at her touch. Geneva strode in and saw Paige.
She was wearing a huge suit of…well, armor. Protective gear. Treated leather with glossy resin, foul-smelling but all-encompassing. She even had a glass mask, carefully made to allow her to see without letting anything actually touch her face.
“Oh.”
“Geneva.”
Paige’s voice was cool. She was investigating the contents of a satchel. Geneva saw large pots of paste, some crumbling red powder—
“You have the protective gear on.”
“Yes. And you’re in the room unprotected. Didn’t you see the sign?”
