7.22 D
Page 22
“No, it’s a bomb. I don’t have time for this, Paige. I can’t stop you.”
Geneva stood up abruptly. She stalked past Paige with the secured sample and then turned. She poked at Paige through their protective gear.
“I can’t stop you. But I’ll never approve of it. You know it’s wrong.”
The Australian [Engineer] exhaled loudly. She saw Geneva open the door and walk out; the lab was secure. Paige shouted after Geneva.
“I know it’s not perfect! But I’m trying my best! I’m trying to talk, to be reasonable! So is Daly! You’re the one who says ‘do it my way or fuck off’! What would you have us do? You know, Geneva Scala, you’re not the only person who’s right in this world!”
The [Doctor] never replied. But Okasha whispered in her head.
“Ooh. She’s got you there.”
“Shut up, Okasha.”
 
—-
 
The clinic. Geneva marched in, ignoring the looks people gave her. In her protective gear she was like a [Knight]. Only, one whose protection was against malady, not spells or swords.
“Aiko. Sorry I’m late. How are the patients?”
“Geneva! They are—good?”
A [Nurse] hurried over. Aiko Nonomura, a young Japanese woman, was clearly tired. But she and another [Nurse]—one of the young Indian women—were both in the protective gear.
Luan’s gold had paid for more than just the new headquarters. So had condom sales. Geneva put down her burden as she looked around. She heard voices from further in her clinic.
“Any new cases?”
“Many. We had to turn away…all but three. The ones who were worst. They—are—good.”
The word ‘good’ was clearly up for debate. Priya, the [Nurse], was pale. She had volunteered for this job, despite her main class being [Cook]. But Geneva had needed the hands.
“I’ll check on them, then. Can they still eat? Take liquids? Dehydration is what will kill them. The bedpans—”
“Washed. What is that…container?”
Aiko gagged and Priya shuddered. Geneva nodded.
“I need to speak to Fezimet tomorrow. That’s a sample of the disease. Don’t touch it. Wait, you’re going off-duty, aren’t you? Remember, wash down the gear. Take isolated baths—if you have so much as a fever or poor digestion, I want you to quarantine—”
The two exhausted [Nurses] were nodding wearily. They knew the procedure, but Geneva had to be sure.
“In that case—go on. I’ll need Zane and you, Aiko, tomorrow morning. Priya, can you manage the evening? Good. Get some rest—and thank you so much for working so hard.”
Aiko smiled wearily.
“You are welcome, Geneva. You have to rest too, alright?”
She patted Geneva on the shoulder. The [Doctor] nodded silently. She hadn’t thanked the two. She’d forgotten to. It had been Okasha who’d done that. With her voice.
Silently, the two [Nurses] left the room, heading to the chamber Geneva had made for them to clean themselves before leaving. That left the [Doctor] to make her rounds.
“No new C-sections. No patients with major maladies besides the Yellow Rivers patients. And…”
Geneva walked into her clinic. She looked at the first patient, on the bed. The Lizardman was looking up at her. His bandages were clean. But he had flushed scales. His temperature was far too high.
“Miss Geneva.”
He sighed as he looked at her. The [Doctor] sat down.
“How are we today, Teqis? I’m sorry I couldn’t arrive earlier.”
“Better. I’ll be better. The two lovely [Nurses] were—wondrous to us. There are three more.”
He turned. Down the clinic, separate cots had been set up. There were twenty two patients in the clinic now. It was overcrowded. But each patient was running a high fever. Had diarrhea—
