7.22 D
Page 1
He was an explorer. No—not just an explorer. An [Explorer]. From Earth. He had set up a camp fifty miles into The Dyed Lands and ventured forth after wandering into the maze of a biome. He had tried to catalogue the natural landscape. Experimented; found what was good to eat and what was poison. Set traps, hunted for food and other resources.
And he had loved it. He had been a great [Explorer], in a land no one had ever known before. But that was the thing. An [Explorer] could seek out the world’s greatest challenges. But eventually, inevitably—they came home. And he had been lost.
“I’m sorry. We found his campsite just last month. I have no idea how he made it in this far. The notes look like he was—trying to get out. He was nearly at the western edge. But they got him.”
“Are there—any remains?”
The woman shifted. She ducked her head as the young man read from the [Explorer]’s journal.
“None I’d care to share, sir. We buried what was left. It was—one of the beasts of the shining zone.”
“The ‘shining zone’?”
A pause. The woman didn’t know how to quite respond so she was quite formal.
“Yessir. The shining zone. The Dyed Lands come in colors. The shining zone is—bright. Monsters hunt by blinding each other. The damn plants make it hard enough to navigate. Some of them are big. Claws—fast—it must have been looking for food. Went through all his traps. That was how we found him.”
Daly Sullivan looked at the journal and the pictures the [Explorer] had drawn. He might have even catalogued the monster that killed him, so detailed were his notes. He had come into this world a student of some kind. He had a notebook that had been just begun to be filled with notes for a class—and then repurposed for the task of journaling his findings.
There were words, neat illustrations—even maps. None of which Daly could read. For, the [Explorer] from Earth hadn’t been writing in English.
The greatest [Explorer] from Earth had been Indian. Daly recognized the language—somewhat. It looked like Hindi, or rather, Punjabi. Daly recognized it.
But it was not a language the young man from Australia read. Still, the description of the body—and the location matched up. Kirana and her group from Earth had been split up when they first appeared. Some went their own ways and the rest stuck together, to later be killed for thievery or at the hands of [Bandits]. This brave [Explorer] had wandered into The Dyed Lands and never come out.
Daly looked up and met the eyes of the woman who had found the [Explorer]. She was…upright. Her body erect as her long, sinuous tail curled around itself. A few Lizardpeople were part of her exploration team. But their leader was another being entirely.
The Medusae nodded to Daly as he and the Bushrangers, the Silver-rank team who was part of the United Nations company gathered around him and inspected the journal.
“It’s miraculous he lived that long, Adventurer Daly. Your pardons, but we were shocked a Human managed to live in The Dyed Lands at all. Even my team only has a border camp. But this [Explorer] survived over five months there. He must have been a true hero of our class. That’s all I can say of him.”
She bowed slightly. And Daly saw her head, humanoid, but filled with little moving snakes instead of hair—turn towards him. He repressed a shiver.
“Thank you, [Adventurer] Mexisa.”
The Medusa woman bowed. And she was an [Adventurer]. Not like Daly and his team were, ‘Adventurers’. But a true, blue, [Adventurer]. Someone who roamed the last frontiers of the world. Like an [Explorer].
