7.22 D
Page 27
“That’s true. This isn’t nearly as virulent as most strains. It could be far, far worse. But the potential is that this disease mutates again, Glorious Fezimet. To kill its hosts. And the issue isn’t that people recover. It’s that it spreads fast. If it gets into a household, the odds are about 61% that they all become ill. Yes, the level of infection varies; a [Warrior]’s body fights off the plague far better than a normal civilian’s. However…”
Siri winced. Fezimet’s eyes were glazing over as Geneva began to use statistics. He got the danger. He just thought it didn’t matter. People were getting better. Geneva’s clinic had had only a handful of deaths. And people did get well in two weeks.
“Geneva. I think it’s time for the demonstration.”
The Swedish girl whispered to the [Doctor]. Geneva looked at her, realized she was right, and grimaced. She’d done so much work in the thinking box analyzing the numbers available to her. She had a graph and a map of the city’s infectious hotspots, but the Quexal didn’t care.
“Glorious Commander Fezimet, I have a demonstration for you. This is the real danger of the Yellow Rivers disease and why I fear that if we reach a critical point, the plague will spread to thousands, not just hundreds. It’s already going across the sea; I treated a crew with six infected members. You have a chance to stop it in Talenqual. Because this is the real danger of the sickness.”
She opened the glass box. And then removed the petri dish. Fezimet eyed the bacteria with disgust.
“Disgusting. But if I wash my…claws, it doesn’t infect me, right?”
“It might. Thorough washing is essential, Commander Fezimet. But please, observe. Would you consider putting on the helmet?”
“No, but go ahead.”
It was just a bit of the culture, in the center of the dish. The yellow blob glistened as Fezimet put a feathered wing over his face. Siri gagged at the smell too. Geneva produced something. A vial. Geneva also pulled out a crude dropper and filled it with some of the potion.
“This is a single drop of healing potion, Commander. Please observe what happens if it interacts with the bacteria—the Yellow Rivers disease.”
She poised the dropper over the dish. And a glistening drop of the potion fell onto the dish.
A single drop of a weak healing potion landed. It splashed and then—
The yellow rot instantly covered the entire petri dish. Siri recoiled.
“Jävla skit!”
“Dead gods!”
So did Fezimet. They backed up as the Yellow Rivers bacteria multiplied insanely quickly. The audience watched as Geneva closed the petri dish and put it into the container. Then she folded her hands behind her back and looked at Fezimet.
“The first reaction of every person and [Healer] is to use a healing potion. And when that happens, a small infection turns into an open sore. And it turns a preventable illness into full-blown fever, diarrhea, and pus from the sores which infects anyone who doesn’t wash their hands thoroughly before touching a mucus membrane. Healing potions will turn minor victims who don’t know they’ve been infected into people on their deathbeds. I must insist you put out an announcement and lock down the city.”
She looked Fezimet in the eye. And to his credit, the Quexal blanched.
“We can’t have that in our [Warriors]! Why didn’t you lead with that?”
He meant his company’s fighting power. Geneva exhaled and Siri shuffled her feet. The [Doctor] opened her mouth for a response and Okasha pulled it closed. She felt the Selphid take over.
