7.22 D
Page 15
But it was wrong to say that Geneva Scala hated weapons. She would use any possible one that was offered to her, that she could grab. And she fought her war, a terrible war against the kind of foe that never gave up or relented.
It was a bitter war. And she fought it alone.
Alone. She had…allies. But there were things they could help her with. And things only she could do. Most of them didn’t even see the problem. They called it a ‘troublesome disease’, but they didn’t worry. As if you could contain a plague with words.
No, no. There was only her. And she worked from dawn to dusk, counting time only by when she worked by magical light or by daylight. Time had lost meaning for her.
Time had lost all meaning. Geneva Scala sat in a room. It was…
A room. Describing it was beyond hard. You couldn’t talk about the light.
Because there was no light. There were no shadows.
There was no floor. Geneva was sitting. But here was no chair.
There were no walls.
And yet it was a box. A room. There was only her. And her thoughts.
But what clear thoughts. What vivid imagery. Geneva Scala could see Talenqual, flickers of memory piecing together to give her an aerial view, like when she’d stood on the top of one of Talenqual’s buildings and looked around. She could see the city.
“There. And there. And there. Brothels. Infection spots.”
The [Doctor] whispered. Marking the spots in her memory perfectly. Knowing where they were, how to get there. She spoke, but there was no sound. No air in this room either.
She wasn’t breathing. This was just thought. Perfect, clear—Geneva was doing calculations in her head effortlessly. Sums of money, using up the budget she had, recalculating it, finding out how many [Alchemists] she could hire, how much it would cost to scale up production.
“Have to check the petri dish.”
Another thought. Geneva anchored it in her mind so she wouldn’t forget. It was so—convenient here. She could think about thinking. Memory was easily accessible to her; she could replay images, compare Yellow Rivers patients and the way they differed in minute detail.
It was the kind of Skill another person from her world would give so much for. Someone conducting research, for instance, mathematicians—Geneva’s mind was clear.
And yet—there was one thing she didn’t control. It was like—well—to her—a television screen.
An all-encompassing one, though. If Geneva looked at it, she was there. Seeing through—her eyes. If she tried, she could taste. Hear.
“Nom. Nom. Nali-sticks. Love them.”
The voice was hers. And not hers. Geneva Scala watched. Then she directed her attention towards finding solutions outside of a vaccine. She was doing calculations, remembering her notes from a single lesson on plague statistics in clear detail—
“Huh.”
The [Doctor] glanced up. She was…on holiday. Yes, on holiday. Or at least, that was what Paige thought. The truth was more complex. Geneva peered at something, tapped on the television screen.
“…Okasha. What are you doing?”
Geneva giggled. She felt herself speaking in a higher-pitched voice. Even her face felt—different. The muscles were being used differently.
“So—you were there? During the battle with the [Strategists]? And the Swords of Serept? Really?”
The female [Storm Sailor] laughed and her two mates grinned.
“Sure were. We sail under Lord Seagrass’ command. Hell of a fight. We were battling those damn Bloodtear Pirates, but—”
Tap, tap. Geneva saw/felt herself raise a mug, swallow. Alcohol rushed through her system, that bitter, lovely intoxication.
“Okasha. I have work tonight.”
