7.22 D
Page 13
And none more so than Geneva Scala. She hated the weapons. And half of the United Nations company was on her side. The other half saw it as necessary, or, if not okay, understandable. You needed bombs to kill an Adult Creler.
But both sides were split. And that night, Siri found herself eating with Paige and a smaller group, not including Luan; some of the Bushrangers were eating with what would be Geneva’s side.
Daly hadn’t come back yet. He, as the instigator of the entire split, was aware of the rift he caused, and stayed with Edima, who was aware of the schism, but blissfully unaware of the details.
“Some of the others want me to stop producing the bombs. But I generate black powder every day. That’s my Skill. Besides—I agree with Daly. Even if I think we should have told Geneva. At least no one’s tried to sabotage me. Mainly because they might upset the black powder. That’s what I hint, anyways, although I have it safely stored.”
Paige was speaking to Siri. The Swedish girl rolled her shoulders. She was still uncomfortable herself. It had been months since the reveal. And still—
“How are you dealing with Daly?”
“We’re not happy. But we settled it.”
Siri folded her arms. Paige nodded. Daly keeping the secret about the bombs so long was what Siri had been most annoyed by. Paige hesitated.
“Anyways. That’s not something that should overshadow your return. I’m sorry we missed that [Explorer]. What was his name?”
“Dev.”
The Australian woman hesitated.
“We’ll add it to the list.”
The others looked up. The List. Ken had proposed it. It was a list—the definitive list as best they could make it—of everyone from Earth.
Living and dead. Ages, names—homes—and next of kin. Even phone numbers, email addresses. In case someone got home. Or in case someone found it.
It was reassuring, in some way. Horrible in another. Not that Siri thought about her family much. Not unless—
The Swedish girl found herself lifting something. Her arm. The inside of it was tattooed with silver. The names of her family. Her brother.
Sometimes she forgot she had a brother. Siri stared at it as Paige averted her eyes, digging into the food. Luan had a tattoo just like it, in gold. It was a growing trend among some of the company. Tattooing the names so that they wouldn’t forget.
“…So. Luan’s back. He’s resting up. Sorry about the locked doors. But Blake and some of the others are keeping a guard out.”
Siri glanced up.
“We need a guard? For what? Crime?”
“No, Luan. You know that bounty? Word’s gotten out. He can’t walk down the street without a few [Toughs] threatening to beat him up. They won’t tangle with our crossbows, but some of them even try to attack his boat at the harbor. It’s locked away, but—damn that Xol or whoever it was.”
Siri grimaced. So did Paige. For whatever reason, Xol of the Iron Vanguard had possessed an unusual grudge against Luan after the events of Daquin. Enough to put a fifty-gold bounty on Luan’s head. Not to kill him—but to beat him up and trash his boat.
“It’s getting to the point where Luan’s been suggesting we let them rough him up. But we don’t know how serious they’ll get. The last group had knives out; Kirana chased them off with a crossbow.”
The Swedish girl laughed and choked on her food. Paige grinned, but she was worried.
“Anyways, the Runner’s Guild won’t remove the bounty. No one wants to offend The Iron Vanguard. But we’re keeping Luan with bodyguards. No one wants to make an open enemy of Geneva either, so it’s only idiots and desperate people. For now.”
