7.22 D
Page 4
“They love stuff like this. But I figured it was best to sell to your company. Wistram can complain—if my team isn’t on expedition.”
She smiled, as her hair-snakes hissed, expressing their contempt. Daly looked at her.
“Why did you sell the journal to us then, Miss Mexy?”
The [Adventuress] paused. And she looked keenly at Daly. And then she smiled.
“The Last Light of Baleros is in your company. And—it’s a ‘she’, right?”
Daly hesitated. And he felt a pang in his stomach. But he nodded, as it all clicked suddenly.
“That’s right.”
“Then there’s your answer.”
The Medusa explorer bowed slightly. And she and her team looked at Daly’s Bushrangers. Mexisa spoke, thoughtfully, looking at the distant Dyed Lands.
“An [Adventurer] comes down with all sorts of maladies. I figure it’s worth any goodwill if it comes to that. Not that I plan on getting sick or poisoned or hurt that badly, but—I hope you’ll remember my name if it does.”
“Of course. We owe you a favor. And we won’t forget it.”
That was what she wanted to hear. Mexy smiled. She turned, gesturing at her team.
“Then we won’t take up your time. Sorry again for your loss, sir.”
She bowed, and her team headed back to their base camp. Daly stood, holding the journal and the few items the young man from India had kept. A makeshift bow—a faded pocket knife which had helped him skin animals. A few jars of his experimental findings.
Nothing more. Another person from Earth had died. And Daly and his team had found them too late.
“Damn.”
That was all Daly said as they returned to the Centaur-wagons waiting to take them away. It was a bit of a walk; the Centaurs had refused to get close to The Dyed Lands no matter how well they were paid. Daly lost his smile as he walked.
And the Bushrangers, his team, walked around him.
“Poor bastard.”
That was all Dawson said. He was carrying the huge crossbow on his shoulders. Daly nodded.
“Brave bastard, though, Dawson. A right hero. If only he’d made it out.”
“It say anything you can read, boss?”
Tobi put that in, glancing at the journal. Daly leafed through it.
“Some of the stuff makes sense. But it’s all in—Hindi. Pretty sure Kirana might be able to translate it. Or one of the girls.”
The Indian girls from the United Nations company. Daly put the journal away. His team walked in silence, keeping their footsteps quiet even out of The Dyed Lands. On the alert.
They were Silver-rank adventurers. And used to moving silent in terrain. The Bushrangers weren’t Gold-rank, but only for their arms and style; they tended to ambush their opponents and shoot them to pieces with crossbows. They were doing very well for a Silver-rank team and ever since partnering with The Rustless Vanguard, they were one of the best non-Gold teams in their area.
Mainly because their tactics were designed for maximum safety on the part of the adventurers. The Bushrangers could ambush an opponent from the trees, lay down traps, nets—and if the opponent was tough—they had the bombs.
But that was the issue. Daly was silent until Siri spoke up.
“Funny that Miss Mexy gave us the journal over Wistram because of Geneva. The Last Light of Baleros. Everyone knows her name, right, Daly?”
“Yeah.”
The Captain replied shortly. Daly saw the Centaurs and the wagons waiting ahead. They brightened as they saw the Bushrangers and began to hitch themselves to the wagons. Siri went on, glancing at Daly as the rest of the team glanced at him.
“You didn’t mention that Geneva would rather kick you into The Dyed Lands and leave you there, Daly.”
“No, Siri. I thought that might not help our case.”
“Shame.”
