7.22 D
Page 2
“So you found his camp. And the—remains. Anything else?”
Daly looked up. Siri shifted as she glanced about. They were at the edge of The Dyed Lands, and the ‘Red Zone’, or the Crimson Blend as it was known was ahead of them. Camouflaged plants that would attack you, predators large and small—and you wouldn’t even see your blood among all the colors.
Mexisa shook her head.
“Just the journals, Adventurer Daly. Well-writ they are too. But—coded. As you can see. Awful paranoid, that [Explorer]. But beautiful illustrations. Pardon me, but I copied the illustrations and maps. He charted a vast amount of the Chalklands for us.”
Daly nodded absently. The ‘code’ was just another language. But the Medusa woman wouldn’t know that. She had, in fact, sent out a request for someone to decipher the journal she’d found. That was how Daly had picked up the information.
“We’ll try to decipher it. I think we might know the—code, Miss Mexisa.”
“Oh. Of course. Well then—my team and I would buy whatever notes this fellow had on the wildlife. Anything, actually. We’ll share it around—us [Explorers] and [Adventurers] do. It’d be more a service to us that enter The Dyed Lands, sir.”
She bowed her head again. Mexisa was—interesting. She was armed with a machete—two of them—but also a shortbow and arrow, enchanted. Her Lizardfolk team were similarly kitted up, with a lot more gear than most [Warriors] wore.
“You intend to keep exploring, Miss Mexisa?”
“Call me Mexy. And—of course! I live to explore places like this. The Dyed Lands consumed an ancient empire. Not that I’m a [Treasure Seeker]. But once I hit Level 40—I might push for the interior, Blue Oblivion. Or—go somewhere else. The High Passes, the Bloodfields—this is my life.”
The Medusa smiled. Her teeth were sharp. And all of the little snakes on her head were staring at Daly. He sensed one of his teammates shiver—Siri—and Mexy looked at her.
“Excuse me, Captain Daly. But am I bothering your teammates?”
“Not at all.”
Daly and Siri both chorused. The Swedish girl and the second-in-command gave Mexy an apologetic duck of her head.
“Sorry, Adventurer Mexy. But we have an—an image? Of Medusae.”
The rest of the Bushrangers nodded as they peeked around Daly’s back. Medusae. The race that could turn people to stone. Most of them knew the Greek myths. Mexy blinked, and then grinned as Daly explained.
“Stone? Oh—that. That’s just a legend. Well—an exaggeration. My hair-snakes? They can’t turn anyone to stone. Mine can’t, at any rate. If I got the Skill, possible. But these ones are just my extra eyes. Right?”
Mexy raised a normal hand and stroked the head of one of her snakes. It rubbed her fingers, twining and staring at Daly and Siri. The young woman hesitated.
“They do not—turn you to stone?”
“Oh, not without a Skill. They’re just extra eyes. See? They bite in a fight, but they’re a bit like animals connected to me. Like mini-minds. You can touch them, but gently, please.”
Siri reached out. She flinched as one of the snakes coiled around a finger, opening a tiny mouth. They had little eyes, and Daly saw some of them glancing about, keeping a vigilant watch.
“Bloody amazing.”
Dawson breathed. The other young man from Australia looked Mexy up and down. The [Adventuress] was like an action hero out of the movies with her hat and clothes—to cover her humanoid half—mixed with Greek legend.
“I apologize for any disrespect, Miss Mexy. My team’s never met a Medusa before.”
She just laughed with good humor as Daly bowed to her.
