7.22 D
Page 17
Geneva-Okasha turned her head and her face fell at the sight of the fading sun. Geneva, in the box, insisted.
“You promised.”
“Five more minutes?”
“No.”
“Oh—fine! But let me excuse myself!”
Grumpily, the Selphid turned and began explaining that she had to go. Geneva, in the box, watched, annoyed, as Okasha had to stand a round. The [Storm Sailor] let her go, laughing, and Geneva staggered out.
“Fine, take your stupid body back.”
Geneva-Okasha muttered. Geneva was suddenly back in her body. She wobbled, and nearly ran into a pair of [Sailors] who were laughing on their way to the door.
“Okasha! Get rid of my intoxication!”
The [Doctor] gritted her teeth and whispered. Inside her body and now just aiding Geneva, the Selphid grumped back.
“Fine! Fine! Your stupid liver’s working, but I’ll go kick it. There!”
Geneva felt her head clearing at speed. Accordingly, her bladder. She looked around. The [Sailors] blinked after her. One of them checked her mug.
“Dead gods. She looks different all of a sudden. What’re we drinking?”
The woman from Italy walked out of the bar. Her facial muscles ached from keeping up her ‘Okasha’ face. And she needed to pee. But Okasha dutifully suppressed both feelings, relaxed her muscles. Geneva felt fresh, despite having been up since dawn. More Okasha-help.
“Now back to work. Bleh. Have fun treating disgusting patients all night. You know you need to sleep? It’s not good for your body. I worry about you, Geneva. Your smile muscles are all rusty, too!”
Geneva ignored Okasha’s voice. She walked on, looking for a place to pee, and heading back to the United Nations headquarters. Her mind was echoing all the thoughts she’d come up with in the thinking box.
Check the petri dish. Hotspots of diseases. Spread of disease based on calculations—funding is—
It did help her refocus. Even so, as Geneva walked, she was glad to be in charge. Okasha had her needs. But Geneva needed to save lives. And they were in a pandemic, a growing one. She was sure. Okasha had her needs, which was why Geneva had allowed it until today.
“But it’s going to get worse. I can’t allow it for the foreseeable future.”
“Hm? What was that?”
“Nothing.”
Geneva walked on. She got back to work. And—in her mind, the place Okasha couldn’t read or reach, only her body—Geneva was a bit relieved.
She’d tried to take back command while she was in [The Thinking Room]. Several times, actually. But if Okasha knew it or not—Geneva hadn’t been able to.
 
—-
 
“Hello, Geneva! Have you eaten? Have you slept? The Bushrangers are back—”
Kirana welcomed Geneva as the [Doctor] unlocked the door. The woman shook her head.
“It’s me, Kirana. Not Okasha. She ate. I’m well awake. Is there any tea? Did we discover coffee? I’m going to be working in my clinic. I’m just here for—”
She backed up as she strode past the [House Manager]. Geneva paused. And Okasha, inside of her, winced.
“Uh oh. Angry juice incoming! Stop squirting that. Stop that. Stomach acid here, ew, ew…ooh! I remember eating that…”
She squirmed around in Geneva’s body, suppressing the natural fury coursing through Geneva. Kirana winced.
“Yes. They got back a few hours ago…”
“Did they find anyone? Is anyone hurt?”
“No—they were dead. And no one was hurt.”
“Oh.”
Geneva Scala paused. She looked at Kirana.
“It was someone from your group, wasn’t it? I’m sorry.”
Kirana only nodded soberly. It was—amazing. Painful, how someone could be used to death. Geneva wished she had the background in therapy to know what to say. Even her bedside manner was—that of a battlefield surgeon.
