7.22 D
Page 9
Love was a terrible thing. The same side of the coin as obsession. If it was her—could she see the same maddening shape of the world he could? The flaws in armies? Could she take a nation to pieces with her mind? Niers Astoragon wished. To meet someone who could keep up with him. No—leave him behind.
So the Titan of Baleros waited, in his lonely citadel. A towering colossus, held prisoner by his enemy’s paranoid fear of his might. Drinking tea.
 
—-
 
Four days later, Daly stretched as he left the wagon at last. His legs hurt, despite having stretched them out. It wasn’t as bad as an airplane. But he still rejoiced in being able to stand.
“Pihava, Bault. Thanks again.”
“Yeah! You blokes do good work! Next time we’ll pull you!”
Dawson jumped out of the wagon. The Centaurs laughed good-naturedly. They caught the tip Daly tossed; they’d already been paid through the guild. The Bushrangers looked at each other.
“Home?”
Siri queried Daly. He looked around. Someone was waiting for him, shyly pretending to look the other way. He shook his head.
“Go on without me, Siri. Take the Bushrangers back. I’ll…catch up.”
The Swedish girl sighed. But she saw Daly walking forwards. And the Dullahan, Captain Edima of the Rustless Guard, happened to notice him. She smiled as she fastened her head to her shoulders.
“Bastard. Runs off for his girl the first thing.”
Dawson grunted, but good-naturedly. One of the Bushrangers punched his shoulder.
“Don’t be jealous.”
“Me? He’s the one bumping uglies with a suit of arm—”
Half the team kicked him before one of the Dullahans walking down the street could take offense. Siri glanced over her shoulder at Daly and Edima.
It was—a likely pairing, actually. The Dullahan Captain and Daly had joined their teams together to take on more dangerous assignments. And Edima had fancied Daly since his rescue of her team from the giant serpents.
It made sense. Siri sighed as she adjusted the crossbow strapped to her back. The leather was cutting into one shoulder. She needed a more comfortable harness. Maybe Kirana could stitch it up?
Nor did she really begrudge Daly from returning to the base. He was…not welcome there. Not recently. The Bushrangers themselves were under scrutiny, Siri included, but Daly was the target of wrath.
The United Nations company was in Talenqual, the bustling, predominantly Lizardfolk city. You could see the Featherfolk Brigade’s forces supplementing the local watch—those not on campaign, that was. Imposing Nagas or even the towering Gorgons slithered down the street.
A few were Quexals, like the leader of the Featherfolk Brigade. But most were more common forms of Lizardfolk evolutions. The Bushrangers walked wide of them; they didn’t want to start a fight with the much more powerful Featherfolk Brigade.
“Ah. Home sweet home!”
Aldenon called out as he pointed. Siri’s heart leapt as they turned down the street and came to the residential district just off the main street where the Centaurs had stopped the wagon.
The United Nations company was bigger than before. They now had—and this was a huge step—four houses. All of them large, and set next to each other. Given that it was Talenqual, the houses were practically side-by-side—Lizardfolk didn’t mind being squeezed together.
But they were nice houses. And leased for the next four months. Someone had even put a sign over the left-most house.
The United Nations Company. Siri smiled and led her team to the left-most door. She rattled the doorknob, frowned.
“Locked?”
“That’s new. Maybe everyone’s out?”
