7.22 D
Page 33
And the illness had hit this region of Baleros. Now, it was spreading by sea. And land. More cases were appearing in other cities and after incubating in brothels, it had begun to do exactly what this kind of epidemic—no, a true pandemic now—did.
Spread faster and faster.
The list of Geneva’s patients had been under a hundred people a few days ago. Now it was over three hundred. The [Doctor] was meeting with Fezimet again, to reassure him the situation was still under control. He was still considering a lockdown, but had told Geneva he preferred another city to do it first. It was ‘bad for trade’.
Geneva Scala was writing a letter to a [Healer] in a neighboring city, Bolandus. The Dullahan [Mayor] there was a lot more alarmed than Fezimet had been and had reached out via the best [Healer], who was Level 37, to Geneva.
She had some good ideas. Healing crystals actually did help fight the bacteria. Mainly by accelerating the body’s natural systems and not the bacteria. That had surprised Geneva, but the [Crystal Healer] was also open to all of Geneva’s treatment ideas. They were corresponding, trying to create a chamber where the most ill patients could be housed. The problem was simply that there were too many cases and not enough hands.
“I need more [Nurses]. But—the suits aren’t working.”
Geneva put her head in her hands. Blake was sick now, too. Aiko was recovering, but Geneva had seen the Yellow Rivers disease in him with her new Skill. And two more of her [Nurses] had early-stage symptoms as well.
She hadn’t gotten sick. Because she had resistance Skills. Two of her staff, Priya being one of them, had the [Lesser Resistance: Disease] Skill. But two nurses?
They needed two hundred. But no one was willing to volunteer outside of the United Nations company. They were afraid of the illness.
“Hey, relax, Geneva. You’re doing the best you can. This [Healer] is working hard, and that [Mayor] is listening. And I’m not sick. So—Selphids don’t get sick. Hire some Selphid [Nurses].”
“I don’t think the bacteria can infect you, Okasha. That’s true. But there are only a handful of Selphids in Talenqual.”
Geneva shook her head. She munched down on a nali­-stick as her quill glided over the page. Delicious. She chomped it down as Okasha replied. She was a lot more vocal these days. And she demanded to be heard.
“I’m going to put in five more hours at the clinic after this message, Okasha. And then check on the cultures.”
“Mm. I dunno, Geneva. You seem stressed. I think you should take a break. Hey! Let’s visit Xeppal! You can check out the brothel, make sure everyone’s healthy…and then we can have some fun.”
Okasha replied with Geneva’s mouth. She took control of it so they could have a dialogue. Geneva paused and thought.
“I—really feel like I need to work, Okasha.”
“Well, I vote against. Your health is important, Geneva.”
The [Doctor]’s heart beat steadily. And her stomach wasn’t tied in a knot. Because Okasha was there, blocking those natural reactions. Geneva was calm. And she even grew excited at the thought of meeting Xeppal.
“Stop that.”
Geneva spoke to Okasha. The Selphid stopped. But Geneva was worried. Because she didn’t feel worried. Even that was a biological response.
“Okasha. I really would appreciate it if you let me get to work. This is really important.”
A sigh inside her head. Her hand reached for another nali-stick.
“If you insist, Geneva. I suppose I can let you. But I’m taking five hours tonight. Deal?”
“…Deal.”
“And?”
“Thank you, Okasha.”
Geneva bit into the nali-stick, and savored the taste. So sweet. So good.
