7.22 D
Page 21
Geneva pointed. Paige had two substances in crude, earthenware pots. She offered both to Geneva; one was a purple, viscous substance that made Geneva’s instincts instantly wary. The other was a reddish paste, mixed with green.
“Samples from our [Explorer]. One was an ointment he used on himself. Stopped the bleeding.”
“A coagulant?”
“Yup. And the other’s a venom. He coated a spear with it. Thought it might be useful.”
Geneva studied both. She reached for the samples.
“I could—add them to cultures. See if they work. I doubt they will.”
“Try it. The venom might be overkill, but if you could…I dunno, dilute it?”
It was worth a shot. Geneva nodded. She eyed the pots.
“I want those stored in a sealed container.”
“Yep. Just take a sample of each.”
Paige held them out as Geneva found a tiny spoon, took a sample of each, and smeared them into the other petri dishes. Paige sealed both pots and then eyed the dishes.
Geneva had eighteen, each with yellow spreading across the red cultures.
“What’s the verdict, Geneva?”
The [Doctor] paused, but she replied, stiffly avoiding Paige’s eyes.
“See this? This is the Yellow River strain. I’ve cultured it—which means it’s bacterial.”
She lifted the petri dish. It was open, and Paige saw the telltale, sickly yellow pus growing amid the red. She made a face.
“That’s disgusting. How is it growing? What’s the medium?”
“It’s a combination of blood, some tissue mixed with the sugar jello—the sample grows best on that.”
Geneva saw Paige eying the culture. She spoke on, hurriedly.
“It’s mine. Not from anyone else. I had Okasha extract it from me. But it’s all dead matter; a virus wouldn’t survive. Bacteria would.”
“So that’s why you need the penicillin so bad?”
The [Doctor] nodded.
“To be precise, we need an anti-bacterial agent which works on a broad spectrum. Penicillin is one example. The odds are that this world will have another variety that we just don’t know about. Now—I need to take this dish to my meeting.”
“Didn’t you say you never wanted this taken out of the lab?”
Paige saw Geneva place the petri dish in a larger glass container and seal the lid. The [Doctor] nodded brusquely.
“I did. But the Yellow Rivers disease is already in Talenqual. And unless we get the support of The Featherfolk Brigade, it will spread. We need action from every major city in the region. Lockdown of the ports! More [Healers]—”
She slipped and the glass container skidded across the desk. Both women lunged for it—Okasha grabbed the case. Geneva steadied herself.
“You’re tired.”
Paige breathed out shakily as Geneva’s hand slowly put the dish back on the counter. Geneva inspected the container for cracks.
“I’m fine. I slept last night.”
“You say that as if that’s unusual. Geneva—can we talk?”
“About what? How to most effectively use your powder bombs? Make an IED. Those kill very effectively. You can leave them in the ground for generations. Landmines that blow up children.”
Geneva snapped back. Paige turned pale. She straightened abruptly.
“I’m trying to talk this over. Unless you think the Bushrangers should take on giant serpents and Crelers with crossbows?”
The [Doctor] looked up.
“I’m not saying that. But when do they start using them on other people?”
“Probably around the same time those people try to kill us. Geneva, you can weigh in on this. We can figure out something—”
“I told you what I think.”
“We can’t stop it. Geneva, I’ve seen [Fireballs]. So have you. They’re worse than grenades. And that’s a Tier 3 spell. I’m not saying I like it. But when Daly asked, I agreed. Because it’s not a gun.”
