7.23 LM
Page 25
He squinted at her. Pryde just smirked at him.
“I don’t need either. I keep myself fit. House Ulta’s retainers have strict training and I’ve ensured their regimen is second to none. And gone through it myself.”
“But how—ah.”
Grimalkin saw Pryde carefully hooking the weights bar on the squat rack; then the woman’s clothes moved. Lyonette saw abdominal muscle. Mrsha squinted at Pryde’s arms.
“[Compressed Muscle]. Of course. A [Lady]’s Skill. I haven’t seen that Skill in—years. It’s not common.”
The Drake eyed Pryde. She smirked at him.
“A gift from my mother. House Ulta has always been in high physical shape.”
“Bloodline breeding?”
“Not a concept most Drakes know about. I see you have some muscle.”
Grimalkin harrumphed. He and Pryde stared at each other, appraising each other a second time. Lyonette slowly beckoned towards Mrsha; the Gnoll was trying to pump a barbell.
“Well—I can see I’ve misjudged you, Lady Ulta. But these weights are only being tested in Drake lands. I have yet to perfect the regimen.”
“Really? I want them. My [Warriors] could use them. I’ve been looking for ways to improve their strength. Do you have more aids in building muscle? Why have I not heard of these weights before? I don’t keep up on Drake politics.”
“Well, they are cutting-edge. New. And I haven’t been advertising—”
The [Sinew Magus] hesitated. He blinked a few times.
“Did you say you wanted to know more about strength building?”
“Did you mishear me? Unless you don’t have anything else?”
The [Lady] looked archly at Grimalkin. Lyonette grinned and closed the door. Now, that wasn’t a [Princess]’s power. That was just misdirection. And she had learned that trick from—Erin.
“Lyonette, what’s up with that [Lady]?”
“All sorted, Drassi. Ishkr, they’re in the weights room. Bring in some sliced oranges and water for them.”
Lyonette exhaled as she came back into the common room. Pawn and some of the Antinium were in the common room. She exclaimed as she saw them.
“Pawn! What happened to you?”
“We were pelted with trash on our way out of the Hive.”
The [Priest] was picking a rag off his antennae. Two of his Workers smelled as though they’d been doused by…chamber pots. Lyonette’s brows drew together.
“Those—are you hurt?”
“Not physically. But I am somewhat irritable.”
The [Priest] replied. Lyonette saw Ishkr wrinkling his nose.
“Drassi, get the oranges and water for Pryde and Grimalkin. Ishkr—water? Soap?”
“Yes, Miss Lyonette.”
“I’m sorry, Pawn. We can move the door or—make a new one so that doesn’t happen. What’s it like in Liscor? Hold on, I’ll get you some towels—”
Lyonette walked past a table. And then abruptly, collapsed onto it.
“Lyonette?”
The Gnoll blinked as Lyonette caught herself.
“Whoops, slipped. I’m fine, Ishkr.”
Lyonette smiled at Ishkr—and then abruptly, sat back in her chair. Everything spun. Lyonette’s face turned pale.
“Lyonette!”
Mrsha and Pawn sprinted at Lyonette as Ishkr bent over her. The [Princess] felt everything going dark. She panted as Pawn seized her.
“[Minor Heal—]”
“No! I’m fine!”
Urgently, Lyonette knocked away Pawn’s hands. Everyone was watching! She panted as Mrsha grabbed her.
“I just need to—rest. I used up my aura.”
She’d never done that. Her mother hadn’t used her aura as much as that, not in all the years Lyonette had been at court. The [Princess] closed her eyes as the voices murmured around her.
“Just give me—give me—one moment.”
