7.23 LM
Page 5
Another morning in The Wandering Inn. Hexel was looking around the inn with his Lizardfolk assistants. They looked markedly less nervous in the inn, but they backed away as Drassi came over.
“Whoops, excuse me. Architect Quithail! I’m so sorry for this morning’s incident. Can we get you breakfast? Part of your room and board. We have eggs, toast, sausages, tomatoes—I don’t know what Lizardfolk eat, I’m sorry.”
The [Princess] excused herself and hurried over to tend to the Lamia herself. He smiled at her.
“I found it quite entertaining. I am a Lamia, Miss…Lyon? Yes, Lyon. I enjoyed it. I might have a different opinion if it was at the dead of night, but hatchlings—excuse me—children, are a delight. I have to meet with Liscor’s Council later, or someone about my designs, but please! Breakfast us away!”
He indicated his Lizardfolk group. Lyonette smiled.
“Right here, sir. Unless you’d like a private room? No? Well, we can add more meat or less meat depending on your dietary preferences…”
“I like eggs. But we are carnivorous, by and large. Might we have undercooked sausage?”
Lyonette hesitated.
“…Ours are actually pre-cooked. This entire inn has a [Field of Preservation] on it, Mister Hexel. But we could—Drassi, get one of the uncooked steaks, would you?”
The Lamia brightened. Ratici nudged Wilovan. The Gnoll calmly opened one eye and whispered.
“I heard. Pray, allow me to continue my morning’s repast uninterrupted, Ratici.”
He went back to eating his toast. Hexel meanwhile was chortling.
“Oh yes. Some of that steak, rare and bloody? And the eggs on toast. We’d be delighted, Miss Lyon. An entire inn under…? Of course, that’s an [Innkeeper]’s Skill. How useful!”
He smiled as a steak was brought out. Lyonette began counting the cost and debating whether she should add it to his tab—but caught herself.
Hexel Quithail and his company were special guests. He paid well, and—despite it being a steak—it wasn’t that expensive in the summer. This wasn’t the bad old days where the inn had to count every copper coin. They had money. Lyonette told herself that.
But she had big plans. Oh, yes. Big plans for the inn. The [Princess] served the guests as Drassi passed her the food, and then returned to Erin’s table.
There she saw Mrsha was busy picking bits of cut sausage off a neighboring table’s plates.
The Horns of Hammerad were awake. They sat at the tables, as if nothing had changed. Pisces was eating with good humor, shielding his plate. Yvlon wasn’t eating sausage, so Mrsha had no beef with her—or pork—but Ceria was laughing and swatting at her playfully. Ksmvr had hissed at Mrsha when she tried to steal from him, so the half-Elf was the logical target.
“Stop that, Mrsha! Mrsha!”
“Mrsha! Stop that at once!”
The Gnoll swiped another piece of sausage as Lyonette put her hands on her hips, embarrassed. Ceria looked up.
“She’s just playing, Lyon—”
“She has her breakfast. And that is terribly bad manners. Mrsha! Enough!”
Lyonette raised a finger warningly. Mrsha looked up. And the young Gnoll hesitated. She eyed Lyonette and gave her a defiant look.
Mrsha didn’t like it when Lyonette…stayed the night in Pawn’s room. Lyonette had explained, and Mrsha definitely understood—she had grown up in a Plains Gnoll tribe, where everyone could hear and smell when a couple got together.
She just didn’t like it. Mrsha even liked Pawn as…Pawn. She just didn’t like the idea of Pawn being Lyonette’s, or vice-versa.
