7.23 LM
Page 38
“Who? Which one?”
The Council looked at each other. Zevara slowly flipped towards the back of the magazine. She read. And despite herself—she chuckled. The others stared at her as Zevara’s stony expression broke for just a moment. Then they read the article too.
Birds I Eat, by Bird of the The Wandering Inn. It was a catalogue of birds that Bird had seen. There were even images.
“It’s incomplete. More illustrations to be added. I hired an [Illustrator] with a passion for nature to draw them. Bird was very happy.”
Olesm pointed at the article. There were ratings of each bird, out of five stars, and how delicious they were, how hard to hunt, how beautiful—Bird had obsessive rankings. Despite themselves, the Council chuckled. Even Lism snorted. He looked up at Olesm. And his smile was fond.
“Brilliant. Well, I can see our way clear to approving this.”
“But where do we find the funding—”
Tismel ducked as Lism threw a cup at him.
“It’s not that expensive! Right?”
He turned to Olesm. The Drake took a deep breath.
“I think the city will find room in the budget for it. It may even pay for itself depending on its popularity. Incidentally—how well can we fund Architect Hexel’s plans?”
The Council fell silent. Morosely, they looked at each other.
“…We’ll have to request funding from the Walled Cities. In addition to the money agreed upon. It’s one of the topics we’ll be raising. Along with security.”
Zevara grimaced. Olesm nodded. He took a seat as the Council glumly prepared for the communication spell. And Maviola’s heart beat faster.
This was it. A bit of courage. She listened as the Walled Cities and even Liscor’s own High Command were magically connected with the Council. Maviola sat with one ear to the door, chasing off the people who gave her odd looks.
And she heard a lot of debate. As Olesm had told her, this was Drake chaos. Which sounded a lot like Human nobility infighting with some subtle differences.
The Walled Cities were not happy. And they were taking turns to berate each other and Liscor. Speculating—it was at first just a noise contest, until the confident voices won through.
“It’s clear Liscor was unaware of these issues. I have no time for assigning blame among the Walled Cities. The Antinium’s numbers must be addressed. If the Free Hive is this large, we may be woefully in error with our projections of the other Hives’ numbers, even with our estimates.”
Chaldion snapped through Pallass’ screen. They’d copied Wistram’s system so each representative and the congregated members of each command were squeezed into the scrying orb’s perspective. The viewpoint changed.
“Salazsar agrees. We motion for increased security against the Antinium. This is a budgetary meeting, not a shouting match. Zeres.”
Ilvriss’ cool voice broke into the conversation. There was a spluttering sound from Zeres’ feed. But a representative of Pallass—one of the [Senators] spoke off, interrupting Chaldion.
“The issue of budget is a concern. But why are we funding Liscor? Far better, one imagines, to enact our own projects. Liscor has already demanded money for construction—”
“Are you saying we shouldn’t address the issue of the Antinium threat?”
One of Oteslia’s [Strategists] snapped. The [Senator], Errif, smiled without really smiling.
“Not at all. But this is clearly a Liscorian concern. An individual city takes on their own issues. If the gold is not going to be used adequately…”
“Don’t try to weasel out of this. Liscor is closest to Pallass!”
A representative to Manus barked. Errif sneered back.
