7.23 LM
Page 12
“That’s exactly what we paid for. New residential districts—which we’ll be making sure are affordable. So long as we get the new wall enchanted by Spring, it works! I suppose that will be a priority, er, Mister Hexel?”
Lism jabbed at the map, watching his claw passing through a building with awe. The Lamia smiled as he looked from face to face.
“Certainly, my previous plans allowed for this design and a completion of the outer walls at least by Spring. The city would need to hire a high-level [Enchanter] specializing in architectural enchantments, but I would be happy to stick to the plans I laid out. Or I would be. However, recent events have put more of a focus on—security, haven’t they?”
The Council looked up sharply. So did Olesm, trying to edge around the side and get one of the meat pies Jeiss and the Gnolls were scarfing down. Hexel went on.
“The Antinium, I mean. And I will admit—security is something I have been thinking on as well, since my own encounter.”
He touched at the scar running down his face. The Council fell silent. Hexel looked around and smiled again.
“Not that I bear anyone here a grudge. Did I mention the bodyguards? At least four, one for each of my assistants. If you’re using the Watch, I insist on Level 20 or higher. But I digress. If you’ll look at this second plan, this is what I’ve come up with since last night. A work in progress, but—here we are.”
A Lizardgirl rolled out a map on top of the first one. The first overlay vanished. And Olesm—gasped.
“What is this?”
Krshia half-rose, staring at the new city rising from the map. It was completely different from the old. For one thing—it was a lot taller.
A second level had been added to the city. Olesm saw aerial walkways, entire streets built above the first. Not all-encompassing—they were designed to allow passage from those above without casting too much shadow on the ground level people. But the apartments were twice as high. Hexel slithered around it.
“This takes lessons from Pallass. Horrible issues with shadows from their upper floors. The design is somewhat Balerosian, but I’ve made as many concessions to Drake architecture as possible. Space for Gnollish aesthetics too. Under this design, the city does expand—but upwards as well as horizontally. It will triple your capacity when fully built.”
“You’ve expanded in two directions?”
Lism stared upwards at the higher, burgeoning skyscrapers, and then to the sides. Olesm saw two walls had been replaced and expanded.
“Of course. West and south. But that’s because under the new plan—I would hope to remodel the walls. Note the height.”
Hexel pointed. Little numbers appeared where he did, and Olesm saw. The walls were now fifty feet high. Not sheer vertical drops either, but slanted slopes, still very steep, but to allow for the height.
“Fifty-foot walls, which would put Liscor above most Drake cities in stature. Doubled landmass based on western and southern expansions, and a second layer of the city for increased usage of space. This is partly for efficiency’s sake, but also to make room for the largest of the improvements—here.”
The city rotated. Olesm craned his neck and heard a sound. He looked down into the center of the new section of the city and saw…blue.
Water. Krshia stared into a huge, inland pool—no, lake. No—a sea. Okay, maybe a lake. But a vast one. And deep! The sewer system ran around it.
“What is this?”
“A lake. I’ve studied your spring rains, Councilmember.”
