7.23 LM
Page 18
Olesm’s eyes brightened. The fog of hunger and depression rose for a second. And for the first time that day, he began to think. He turned back to Berri. The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] was spluttering.
“She wants to be stubborn? Fine! Summon a [Guard]! Waste of time on everyone’s part if you ask me—”
“Miss Berri. As [Strategist] of Liscor, I am authorized to arrest civilians. Is it your wish to charge Miss Maviola with damage of property?”
Olesm snapped. The Gnoll and the crowd fell silent. Berri hesitated. But she was in too far. Her chin rose as she looked at Olesm challengingly.
“Yes. My fruits were damaged, accidentally or not. Shouldn’t I be recompensed for that?”
The Drake nodded.
“Of course. That is your right, as is your right to level a charge that the Watch should investigate. Thus—excuse me!”
He turned and waved his claws over his head. The people amid the bustling street looked around. Maviola glanced at Olesm. And her eyes lit up as the Drake shouted.
“Would everyone who has ever bumped into Miss Berri’s stall and knocked over the Amentus Fruits please step forwards? Today or in the past?”
The crowd of people on the street looked about. The wise ones didn’t raise their hands or step forwards. But at least fourteen innocent, good citizens of Liscor did. After all, Miss Berri had sold fruits here for years. Olesm beamed at them.
“Excellent. Well then, I am arresting you all for complaint of damage to property at Miss Berri’s insistence. Please follow me to the Watch House and we will make sure none of you intentionally damaged her goods. After that, we will determine if you must pay a small fine—”
“What?”
A shout came from the crowd. Berri raised her paws, looking very worried.
“I never said that! I just said this Human—”
She tried to point at Maviola. Olesm turned to Berri.
“Miss Berri, that Human is a pedestrian on the streets. Is there a difference between the accident she caused or the accident a Gnoll shopper might cause? Or a Drake one?”
“No—well—she’s Human—”
Olesm looked at Berri as she trailed off.
“So—if the shopper was a Gnoll, the situation would be different? What about a Drake?”
“Yes, exactly! Thank you!”
The Drake [Strategist] hadn’t been prepared for that. His jaw worked as Berri looked relieved. But some of the crowd understood his point.
“Stop blaming Humans for your stupid display, Berri! You’re wasting all our time!”
One of the Drake customers shouted at her. Another Gnoll shouted his agreement. Berri’s ears flattened.
“Do you withdraw the complaint?”
“Yes.”
Olesm nodded. He looked at the triumphant Maviola, who was not hiding her pleasure. But the Drake looked around the street, speaking to the Gnoll and the others.
“Miss Berri, if you have a complaint, don’t hesitate to register it with a [Guard]. Especially if a Human [Thief] appears in the market. But that goes for any [Thief] of any species. Humans are new to the city. But that is all. The law makes no distinction between them.”
The Gnoll didn’t reply. The members of the crowd watched Olesm step back. He gestured to Maviola and they walked away. In the silence, one of the Drakes murmured to his companion.
“Well, Ancestors. That was kind of harsh, don’t you think?”
“Humans. Well, he is friends with that crazy one. Say, can I get two Amentus Fruits? Not the bruised ones. Thanks.”
And the crowd shifted to supporting the downtrodden Berri.
“That Olesm. Not always the nicest of sorts. He had a point, but did he have to embarrass Berri, make a speech?”
“His new class has gone to his head, what? I remember that nice young Drake boy…”
