7.23 LM
Page 23
Grimalkin turned towards the door. Lyonette’s eyes widened. She could see the future. Grimalkin would find Erin in a moment. And the Earthers. And knowing them—they hadn’t been briefed yet.
“No, Magus Grimalkin, now’s really not a good time—Erin’s in the middle of something.”
“When is she not? I’ll be brief, but I must insist—”
Grimalkin went for the door. Lyonette took a deep breath.
“I said, no.”
The Drake halted in his tracks. He looked over his shoulder. And the [Princess]’s aura caught and held him.
“What are you doing?”
The young Human woman smiled at him as Mrsha smirked at Grimalkin.
“Magus Grimalkin. While I appreciate the severity of your needs, Erin is busy with a pressing task. It is somewhat rude to interrupt her. Is your task critical or just pressing?”
The Drake’s jaw worked a few times. He hesitated. And Lyonette looked at him. Her aura didn’t hold him down like Pryde and Erin did. It just pushed one thing onto him.
He was being rather unmannerly. The [Sinew Magus] coughed, checked himself.
“I could—wait. Yes. I’ll—see Miss Solstice at her leisure. Once this pressing issue is dealt with. You understand my concern?”
“Of course. And she will see you directly after she is free. I’ll convey that to her myself. Would you like to wait in the inn?”
“Er…yes. Yes, before the Watch Captain.”
The [Sinew Magus] stepped back from the door. Lyonette felt more energy leave her as she released her aura. But Mrsha was giving her Human mother another awed look. Power was more than muscle. Grimalkin was all muscle. But he had little experience with noble classes.
Of course, you could mostly get around that because on the battlefield, all these diplomatic tricks didn’t stop an arrow going through your head. Except in Pryde’s case.
And speaking of her…Lyonette hurried after Pryde. What was she up to? Lyonette peeked around the inn, worried. Was she after one of the Antinium? Oh no. Where was Bird? Numbtongue? Was she—
Pryde was in one of the inn’s newest rooms. The weights room. Grimalkin’s new weights and exercise machines were all set up. And the [Lady] was staring at a poster Grimalkin had worked up showing how to properly do a deadlift. She was holding one of the larger barbells casually in one arm.
“Oh, you again. These are intriguing. They’re for building muscle, aren’t they? I want them. Where do they come from and how much are they? Never mind. I’ll buy these.”
Pryde turned to Lyonette as the young woman entered the room. Mrsha padded in after her, wrinkling her nose. It always smelled vaguely of sweat in here. Lyonette blinked at Pryde.
“You—want these?”
“Yes. Sell them to me.”
The [Lady] looked at the [Princess]. She narrowed her eyes and Lyonette felt an experimental push. For a moment she wanted to sell the weights. Well—she still did. But the [Princess] had her pride. She took a breath, restrained her vexation, and smiled.
“No.”
She rather enjoyed saying that. Pryde blinked a few times.
“I’ll buy them for twice of whatever they were sold to you for.”
Again, the [Princess] fought. Internally, her mercantile side said ‘yes, absolutely’! But part of her, the [Princess] part, said—
“No, Lady Pryde. These are the property of The Wandering Inn. They cannot be sold, even to a [Lady] of Izril. I am so sorry.”
It was so funny. Lyonette loved money. But this was her inn. No one walked in and made demands of her. She ignored Pryde’s aura; the [Lady] was still looking at her like a [Barmaid].
But this was hers, too. The [Lady of Pride] concentrated, and then looked exasperated.
“I want these. Where do they come from. What are they?”
