7.23 LM
Page 13
Hexel nodded to Jeiss. He gestured, and the view of the city enhanced around the lake. Olesm saw little fish swimming around it, a Gnoll fishing on one of the piers—
“You want to build a lake in our city? What nonsense! Think of the flooding! The insects that would flock to it—the acid flies are already bad in the summer! This is nonsense!”
Tismel was aghast. Lism glanced up at him.
“Councilmember Tismel, kindly shut up. This—is odd. But fascinating. Explain, er, Architect Hexel.”
Lism sat back. The Lamia smiled at him.
“I am from Baleros, Councilmember…Tismel. I know about insects. This body of water would be exceptionally deep, and the surface area enchanted against pests. Regular ward spells, like the ones on your walls. But rather than considering insects—think of the fish. Liscor actually exports a large amount of seafood in the spring. But your people don’t have high-level [Fisher] classes because, of course, it’s only in one season. Imagine that—all year round?”
The Council did. They looked at each other. Alonna murmured.
“It’s incredibly deep.”
The proposed lake ran nearly three times as deep as Liscor was tall—and that was the new model. And the surface area was large as well. Hexel nodded, going on.
“It is, Councilmember. But imagine this: free, fresh water so long as you manage it. A source of food, entertainment so long as you segregate the more dangerous fish populations from your recreational areas—and security.”
“Security? Against what? Oh—”
Lism’s eyes widened. Krshia murmured. She looked up sharply.
“The Hive. You want to flood them?”
The Lamia smiled.
“Only as a last resort. But you asked for an [Architect], and I take wars into account. The Antinium are an interesting foe. Obviously, I’d need enchanted stone to prevent sabotage; in fact, I’ll need to completely redesign your sewer system and ensure everything’s secure. Here, here and here—”
He began rotating the map, showing highlighted weak points. The Council looked at each other.
“But the cost—”
Tismel was spluttering. Hexel nodded.
“Good point. Here is my revised budget—”
He pointed, and one of his Lizardfolk assistants held up a sheet of paper with the number written on it. The Council gasped.
“Outrageous! We can’t pay for that!”
“Tismel, shut up.”
Jeiss didn’t look at the Drake. He was looking about, gauging opinions.
“Candidly, we do not have that coin, Architect Hexel. But is that a conservative estimate?”
Elirr folded his paws together. Hexel grinned.
“Assuming no other additions? I did come up with this in one night. While I was drinking, Councilmember Elirr. I can envision a few more add-ons. But while it would be expensive, I can do it. If you feel able to finance this, I will begin work and only begin the most ambitious aspects once funding is secured. This is—humbly—just in the design phase.”
The Council looked at each other. Krshia’s eyes were bright with interest. So were Olesm’s. He just stared at the lake. Imagine the possibilities! Who would have thought of it?
The rest of the Council was more reserved, though. Raekea raised a polite paw.
“Hrr. Begging your pardon, [Architect], but I see one flaw immediately. This water—where does it come from?”
She gestured at the lake. The others looked at her. Jeiss scratched at his neck.
“…Rain, Raekea?”
The Gnoll gave him a roll of the eyes.
“It would have to rain for months as it does in the spring even to fill this a bit. And we would drain it if we relied on it for water, yes, Jeiss? Would we divert a river into this place? I do not see one—”
