7.23 LM
Page 20
The [Lady] glanced at Erin. The Earthers were gone; Erin had just been about to go after them. Lyonette froze as she edged out of the kitchen with an extra-large pie for Moore; the Halfseekers had come through the door just a moment ago.
“A curious inn. I don’t see why Magnolia is so obsessed with this place. However—it has some interesting qualities. Innkeeper, how much would you take for this door? Eighty thousand gold pieces? Name your price. If it is within reason, we may come to an arrangement. I have other objects I would like to purchase—”
Erin Solstice strode up to Pryde. And the air was suddenly stifling.
“You’re not welcome here. Get out.”
This time the [Lady] heard her, or acknowledged she’d heard. Her eyes narrowed slightly.
“Insolence. I am Lady Pryde Ulta. No one tells me where to go.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes.”
As dialogue went, that last part fell flat. But Pryde was holding still. And Erin—
“This is my inn. You can’t come in here. You’re not buying the door. And you and Magnolia—all of you are on my bad list.”
Pryde just ignored that. She turned her head. And then began to walk past Erin, towards one of the doors. Just like that. Erin’s eyes bulged.
“I said, stop.”
This time Lyonette felt the aura condensing around Pryde. The [Lady] nearly stumbled. She turned.
“So, the [Innkeeper] does have thorns. But you wouldn’t have stopped me, even alone. Girl. I am a [Lady] of Izril. I will excuse your foul manners. Once. Do not test me.”
“Oh yeah?”
This time the [Lady of Pride]’s eyes narrowed. Lyonette felt the gathering aura against the door. She looked for Mrsha.
“Mrsha—oh no. Mrsha, get over here!”
The Gnoll looked up. She scampered over. Lyonette seized her, and then tossed her. Mrsha went flying through the [Garden of Sanctuary] with a yelp. Lyonette slammed the door.
In the inn, Pryde’s aura was gathering around her. Someone had taught her. She brushed off Erin’s aura, began to overpower the [Innkeeper]. Erin’s eyes went wide. She pushed back, but the [Lady]’s atmosphere was overpowering. That was pride, manifest.
“Don’t make me discipline you. I might admire your spirit. In fact, I rather do. But I require respect first.”
Pryde half-smiled as the air began to shake around Erin. Then someone coughed.
“Excuse me. That’s our friend. If she says you’re not welcome, get out.”
The air turned cold. Lyonette saw-felt a third aura merging, freezing the air around Pryde. She saw Ceria.
“No, no, you idiot—”
Pryde glanced at the frost growing on her clothing. She tsked. The Horns were on their feet. So were the Halfseekers. Griffon Hunt were more indecisive.
“Don’t be an idiot, Moore! That’s a [Lady]!”
Revi hissed at the half-Giant. But he was carefully edging around the table. Yvlon walked forwards, her hands raised placatingly as Pisces stealthily moved around Pryde’s back. Ksmvr pulled out a crossbow and Halrac grabbed it.
“Lady Ulta, please calm down. This is not your land. Miss Solstice is the owner of the inn. Her word is law.”
Pryde glanced at Yvlon.
“And you are?”
Yvlon bowed.
“Yvlon Byres.”
“A minor house’s daughter. You have only a scrap of our class. And you have no right to lecture me on my authority. Be silent.”
The [Armsmistress]’s eyes blazed. She took a step forwards.
“We will back up Erin’s words. Please reconsider.”
Ceria was freezing the air colder and colder. Not dangerously cold yet; but she was warning Pryde. Lyonette hesitated. This was bad. Ceria was like Erin.
“That’s not how you fight with auras—”
Lady Pryde turned her head, saw Pisces and Ksmvr trying to sneak up on her from behind. Her eyes flashed with anger.
