7.23 LM
Page 1
Her voice roused Numbtongue. He raised his head and saw a pajama-wearing Erin run past his window. The Hobgoblin [Bard] paused. He looked for the bottle of gin he’d taken and shook it suspiciously.
“No, that was real.”
Reiss’ ghost commented from his seat. Numbtongue put the pillow over his head as Erin kept yelling.
“You’ll fall! You’ll slip! You’ll—oh heck—”
She wind-milled her arms as she nearly slipped off the side of the inn. The incline wasn’t that steep, but Erin’s bipedal format was actually much more precarious than the four-legged scamper.
Mrsha ignored Erin. She raced past Pawn’s window, then stopped and stared through. The [Princess] yelped.
“Mrsha! Close the windows, Pawn! Erin will see us!”
“Are we ashamed? Erin said that shame was a sign of sin in her story about the Garden of Eden. Not the [Garden of Sanctuary], but it seems to me that Erin will find out eventually—”
“Not when I’m half-naked right now! Shut the windows!”
Pawn obediently closed the windows. Mrsha stuck her tongue out at the [Priest]. Pawn turned to Lyonette.
“I do not think Mrsha likes me anymore. This is distressing. I would like to rectify her grievances.”
Lyonette opened her mouth, and then saw Mrsha race off past the curtains. Erin followed, oblivious, still yelling.
“Mrsha! Get back here! I’m gonna get mad! I mean, I’m already ticked off!”
It didn’t seem to occur to her that chasing Mrsha was enabling the little Gnoll’s fun. Lyonette sighed. The real move was to calmly tell Mrsha to come back inside and offer her escalating punishments. Erin could have used her [Inn’s Aura], offered Mrsha a bribe, or done any number of things.
But Erin wouldn’t be Erin if logic was her first reaction after waking up. The [Innkeeper] thundered after the gleeful Mrsha. Actually, Erin was starting to see why Mrsha liked running on the roof. Aside from the drop off the edge where she could see herself breaking an arm—or her neck—this was fun!
She raced past a window and then blinked. A Lamia, completely naked, stood in front of his window, staring out at the glorious morning. And Erin.
She froze, mid-step. Hexel Quithail, the [Architect] for Liscor who had arrived yesterday, stared at Erin. She stared back.
A fun fact was that Lamias had genitalia. Not like regular Lizardfolk, but there you were. Theirs were actually retractable. Like snakes. Hexel recoiled slightly. Then he waved.
Erin waved back.
“Um. Sorry. Just chasing Mrsha…”
“I see.”
Hexel spoke through the glass. He slowly slithered forwards, drew the curtains. Erin backed away. Then she heard a scream.
A pair of Lizardfolk poked their heads out their window. They stared at Erin, and then at Mrsha. She was pressed up against another window. And inside, Imani, one of the young people from Earth, was in hysterics. A Gnoll staring at you through a window as you blearily looked up was actually scary.
Erin Solstice saw more windows pop open. Joseph nearly fell out. Rose looked around and stared at Erin. Hexel Quithail heard the young woman shouting.
“Hold on! That’s just Mrsha! Mrsha, stop that! Get down right now! I’m actually mad! Sorry, nothing to see here—”
“What a fascinating inn.”
The Lamia smiled to himself. Lyonette covered her face as she hurried out the door. Pawn called after her.
“I must go to work, Lyonette! But I will see you tonight! How am I romancing—”
“Shh! We’ll read a book! Have a good day! Love you!”
She clattered down the steps to the inn as Erin grabbed Mrsha. Then slipped and went tumbling down the side of the roof.
