7.23 LM
Page 30
“Take that! I’d better get that knife back! Keep running!”
They stared at her. She wasn’t afraid. She was just—intense. The young woman looked up. And then she grinned. The young people from Earth looked up. And then—they figured out the difference between them and Erin.
The Wandering Inn exploded.
Metaphorically. Halrac opened a window and shot a glowing arrow out of it. A Rock Crab saw the arrow zoom under its shell and then the arrow detonated. The Rock Crab collapsed as blue blood and smoke ran from underneath the shell.
“Aw, hells! Rock Crabs! I’m slowing them!”
Ceria Springwalker pointed. Walls of ice rose behind Erin, blocking another Rock Crab who smashed into them and failed to break the ice. The other five Rock Crabs saw a blur running at them—then a [Shatterbolt] hit another Rock Crab and the front of its rocky shell shattered. The exposed crab heard a thunk. It recoiled; two crossbow bolts were embedded in its shell.
“Switching crossbows.”
Ksmvr announced as Yvlon raced out the door. But she was too slow. Magus Grimalkin leapt, crashed into a third Rock Crab. It swiped at him.
He punched once.
The other Rock Crabs heard the crunch. They saw a glowing orb that Typhenous threw hit their exposed comrade. There was a thump—a flash of light.
Bits of crab rained down. The remaining three Rock Crabs saw arrows, spells, and little not-snacks running at them. And a horde of very angry bug-men. They turned and scuttled away.
“Yeah, that’s right! Run! Where’s my knife? Aw, I gotta find it.”
Erin Solstice stood on a hill close to her inn, panting. And the seven Earthers saw the young woman wipe at the sweat and blue blood on her face from where she’d thrown her knife through an antennae. They saw her turn to them. And they got it.
“Holy shit.”
Kevin breathed. Erin Solstice looked at them, their wide-eyes. The sudden respect or awe or—bewilderment. Imani was crying again. She sighed.
“Thanks, Ryoka.”
 
—-
 
It was so easy to be exasperated. Annoyed. Just—furious. At incompetence, incomprehension.
Youth. Erin Solstice stood in the inn, staring at Rose and the others. Her patience was done. Lyonette was letting Erin speak; she and the [Innkeeper] were on the same page. Mrsha was furiously watching from under a table.
The other adventurers were relaxing after the sudden burst of activity; free drinks and snacks all around. Grimalkin was cleaning blood off his scales as Pryde put in an order for multiple weight sets.
“You just thought it was a good idea to walk around? And none of you have swords or even knives?”
“We—didn’t know. Sorry.”
Rose lamely replied. Imani was hiccupping. She was white in the face. Erin inhaled.
At the same time, Olesm stopped on Stonesinger Boulevard. He looked at Maviola.
“I think—well, that’s my idea. It’s not great, but—what do you think?”
“I think it’s a good idea.”
Maviola El replied patiently. The old woman, the young woman, looked at Olesm. And saw his face crumple into a mixture of uncertainty from the excitement that had been there just a moment ago.
“But—it’s just my idea. I mean—Erin didn’t help me come up with it. It could backfire. What if I land Liscor in trouble?”
It was so easy to want to kick him. Which she’d done a few times. But really kick him, try to beat his uncertainty out of him. But that was youth.
And she had seen this before. Maviola didn’t kick Olesm. She spoke kindly, but directly, sparing no words.
“Is it better than doing nothing?”
“No, but—I’m not Erin.”
The Drake confessed. Maviola cocked her head, listening.
“You say her name a lot.”
“I do?”
