7.23 LM
Page 36
And Olesm scarfed down his food. Maviola leapt up. And then raced off to find a [Scribe]. By the time they came back to the inn, all three pieces were done. Olesm was scribbling on a piece of parchment.
“Okay—so—do we put Lyonette’s piece first?”
“No, Drassi’s. Put that Bird piece at the back. And you misspelled ‘serendipidously’. It’s serendipitously.”
Wilovan and Ratici jumped as the two sat at a table. Olesm rearranged the pieces of parchment and paper. He shuffled them, and then showed them to Maviola.
“How’s this for a rough draft?”
She read through it. The little bit of courage was still in him. But it was just a bit. It couldn’t turn a [Farmer] into a [General]. But it could give you a little push. And in that sense, it was a powerful Skill.
She read as Olesm fidgeted. Maviola put down the documents. Then she threw her head back and laughed.
She laughed and laughed, but merrily. And told him to send it to the [Scribe]. Then Olesm took a deep breath.
“Okay, we might have the prototypes by the time the Council meets. Now—I need to figure out what to say. I’m afraid that’s just a bunch of math.”
“Let me help. I’m good at balancing budgets.”
“Really? You can calculate?”
Maviola El gave Olesm a mock-glare.
“Try me. Just don’t ask me to turn a profit. Come on. Where’s your office?”
She dragged him out of the chair. Olesm’s jaw dropped.
“But Erin hates calculations.”
“So? What does that have to do with me?”
 
—-
 
That evening, Strategist Olesm Swifttail stood in front of Liscor Council’s meeting room. And he was not alone. Maviola saw him adjusting the prototype in his hands. Incomplete; you couldn’t work wonders in a single day.
But it was enough. Olesm consulted his notes.
“I might be fired after this.”
“If you are, that’s too bad.”
The [Strategist] looked askance. He hesitated.
“You wouldn’t happen to have anything really encouraging to say to me?”
Maviola El thought about it. She shook her head.
“This is your job. Go in there and do it proudly. And remember: you’re doing what you think is right.”
She put a hand on his shoulder. The Drake took a deep breath. And then he opened the doors.
“Excuse me, Councilmembers. A word before our conference with the Walled Cities and High Command?”
The Council looked up. Hexel was long gone, to redesign the city with all the notes. They were debating the upcoming meeting hotly. None of them looked happy.
“Ah—Olesm. This really isn’t a good time. By all means, make your notes when we have the meeting. But we’re just consulting with Watch Captain Zevara—”
Lism cleared his throat. Zevara was standing in front of the Council, looking unhappy. They were going to be chewed out for a second day in a row. The other Walled Cities would spend most of it going over what everyone had learned from Magnolia and asking what Liscor would do about it.
Then—they’d ask Chaldion and the army’s High Command for a decision on what should be done. Olesm knew this because it was what had happened yesterday.
And it was wrong. He spoke, politely looking his uncle in the eyes.
“Yes, Councilmember Lism. I’m aware of the pressing time. Which is why, as [Strategist] of Liscor, I demand your time. I’ll review Architect Hexel’s work as well later and present my opinions to the Council. For now—if I can direct your attention to this?”
He passed around the copied bundles of parchment. Not papyrus or paper; these were rough-copies the [Scribe] had made. The Council blinked as Olesm briskly went back to the front of the desk.
