7.23 LM
Page 2
Lyonette found Erin hanging from the edge of the roof as Mrsha tried to haul her up, shouting curses. And that was how another day in The Wandering Inn started.
Madness, chaos, laughter, and change. Breakfast was sausage, eggs, and toast. Grilled tomatoes, unless you hated tomatoes. Mrsha had to eat hers.
 
—-
 
The city of Liscor and The Wandering Inn had changed again, overnight. The old dynamic, the old cast and the stakes were rearranged.
Change, that elusive beast, had struck again. And it had come time and time again to Liscor. So much so that change, was, in itself, a kind of normal.
Invrisil had come to Liscor via the magic door. A group of Earthers had reached The Wandering Inn. The [Architect] was here—
And Magnolia Reinhart had splendidly thrown the Antinium under a metaphorical carriage and run them over. Everything was different.
Again.
How you dealt with such shifts in ‘normality’ really depended on who you were. Some people resisted it, demanding everything go back to yesterday. Others embraced it, or at least, the change that benefitted them. But only a few really understood how fluid this world was. Tomorrow, the world could be upside down. Metaphorically speaking. Or sometimes…literally.
One of the people who knew this, but didn’t know it was Olesm Swifttail. He woke up in his lovely little apartment, which he’d rented on his [Tactician] salary when he was first hired, in an apartment just off market-street. Not exactly high-end, but nice. He stared out into the street.
And no [Innkeeper] ran past his window, chasing a white Gnoll. No glorious sun awaited him. But the world was different than he had left it.
There was chanting.
“No more Antinium! Get out of our city! No more lies! No more Antinium!”
A crowd was marching in the streets. Olesm listened. They had learned this, from the election. As people did, what was new yesterday—elections, social movements—were now old-hat. And those lessons paid dividends now.
“We’ve been lied to enough! Get rid of the Antinium! No more Ants!”
A Gnoll was bellowing through a primitive megaphone—her paws. And the crowd of Drakes and Gnolls were marching, waking up the neighborhood.
“No more Ants! Get out of our city!”
“No more Humans! Give back our jobs! Liscor is not for you!”
The second chant might not have been intentional, but it was shouted with the same fervor as the first. And some in the crowd might not have agreed. But the city was moving.
Olesm rested his forehead on the windowsill as he stood, in his undergarments. Facing another morning. How had it come to this?
Magnolia Reinhart had destroyed the old order. She’d exposed the Antinium’s illegalities en-masse. And—it terrified Olesm.
They could sack this city. Soldiers and Workers combined were nearly ten times that of the current Watch. Yes, Workers weren’t [Fighters], but they could kill your average citizen. Olesm hadn’t seen it. He stood, feeling lost.
“…Going to be more work. Walled Cities summoning the Council. The army too. And Watch Captain Zevara…”
But not him. He was a failure of a [Strategist]. He didn’t deserve his class. A Human [Lady] had done what should have been his job. Olesm—was just a fool. A fool without the magical inn. A fool wasn’t welcome there.
Slowly, Olesm Swifttail dressed. His magic was gone. He was just a Drake, who’d participated in an adventurer’s raid on a dungeon, once. Nearly died. He’d made a few decisions, run a chess magazine that had achieved worldwide acclaim—
