7.23 LM
Page 41
Dead silence now. Ilvriss’ eyes glittered. So did Manus’ security council. Chaldion’s good eye never blinked. But no one said a word. Because the ones in the know—knew Olesm was right.
Maviola smiled. There was nothing unique about Olesm’s conclusion. No grand brilliance in his speech, for all he had practiced it on her to make it eloquent. He had just said it out loud. And that took more than a bit of courage.
“That is a bold accusation, Strategist Olesm. What do the Walled Cities gain from losing a city to the Antinium?”
A voice; Maviola couldn’t tell which one. Olesm replied steadily.
“It is no accusation, High Strategist. Just practicality. I submit that if Liscor fell to the Antinium, it would indeed make sense—strategically. Since they would be poised to threaten the north and thus necessitate Human intervention, for fear of incursions at least. A conflict with Liscor would also weaken at least one of the Hives and if a decisive strike were carried out preemptively…there is much to be said for allowing Liscor to fall. If war is the goal.”
He took a breath. The Walled Cities were silent, waiting. Their connection was secure, unable to be listened to even by Wistram. Magically secure—but for an ear against the door. Olesm spoke.
“As [Strategist] of Liscor, honored guests, I have only one demand. Clarity. If Liscor is meant to stand alone, let us stand alone. Otherwise, if we are Drakes, the same city that General Sserys called home, that the Tidebreaker fought for—I demand the aid of the other Walled Cities. Because either way, this is our land. And we will not leave it.”
He raised the second document he’d brought into the room, the ones now in front of Ilvriss, Chaldion, and all the others.
“I have submitted a budget plan for the renovation and reinforcement of Liscor as a city. I hope each Walled City and the army will see fit to contribute to it. All of it—or nothing. The Free Antinium have been allowed to expand because Liscor was not funded. If the Walled Cities and High Command believe this to be acceptable in the future in preparation for Liscor as a sacrifice—give us nothing. Otherwise, this is my requirement.”
He tapped the report. It was neatly broken down with Maviola and Olesm’s rough estimates, giving some reason for the number underlined at the bottom. But it was really just a number. The other cities paged through the report. After a moment, the Sharkcaptain of Zeres coughed.
“…Is there an extra zero here?”
“No.”
The Walled Cities murmured. Ilvriss smiled, and leaned forwards.
“I believe it is time for debate. Liscor, we will remove you from this—discussion. Please hold.”
The sound was muted. The scrying orb flickered from arguing people in silence. Someone threw a chair in one of the scrying orbs. He looked around.
“Dead gods, Olesm…”
Zevara stared at him. He nodded.
“It won’t fund all your improvements, Watch Captain. I asked only for as much as I thought we needed—Liscor may still need to source more money. But it should fund the construction for Architect Hexel.”
The Council looked at each other.
“What if they offer us less?”
“I will refuse it. I meant what I said.”
Tismel choked on his tongue in a corner. Olesm’s eyes flicked to the orb. The arguing people on the other side—paused for a second. Maviola’s eyes glittered. Smart, Olesm. Just because one side couldn’t hear the other, did not mean the reverse was true.
It was a long eternity, a short wait, until sound resumed. It was a representative from Salazsar who spoke for the others. Wall Lady Calistoca spoke, glaring down at Olesm.
