7.23 LM
Page 14
“Ah, Miss Raekea, you’re thinking like an [Architect]. Happily, we do not need a river.”
Hexel beamed. He pointed.
“This lake would, in fact, make use of the Floodplain’s ample groundwater. It might take a few [Hydromancers] to pull it up, but Liscor could be supplied on the water from your spring rains alone.”
“Our what-water?”
Lism looked blank. Hexel sighed and flicked a claw.
“Where are the estimates of how much water Liscor receives? Your Floodplains…flood, Councilmember Lism. Every year. And yet—it drains with unnatural speed. Where does the water go? Down. It has to be somewhere. I’d like to find it, and make use of it. As well as where all those fish go every spring. If you could tap into it, you’d have more water than you could ever dream of. And more water than the Antinium could handle.”
The Council fell silent. They looked at each other. The scope of Hexel’s ambition took Olesm away. And yet—he didn’t seem like he was exaggerating his abilities. He had the kind of confidence Olesm had learned to see, rather than bravado. Earned confidence.
“I only worry that the Antinium will see this as a definite sign of aggression.”
Alonna murmured. Lism snorted and folded his arms.
“They see it that way? They’ve already been lying to us, Alonna. They don’t have to know until we start digging. And—so what if they object? If they never attack, everything’s fine.”
“Unless we decide to flood them, yes, Councilmember Lism? I’m sure they trust your honor, but the scenario exists. This is a matter to discuss.”
Krshia smiled toothily at Lism. He glowered.
“Well—the budget and this plan. And the Antinium! We’re bringing it up with the army and the Walled Cities. Maybe this will get them to stop panicking. Er—Architect. Can you make sure the Antinium can’t cave in our walls?”
“Of course. And if you’d like to talk about that, or other Antinium safeguards, by all means. That’s what I’m here for. Pass me a meat pasty.”
The Lamia settled himself at the table. Tismel was still spluttering.
“But he’s a Lizardperson. Can we really trust him to make sure our walls are—secure?”
The entire room fell silent. Hexel’s eyes glittered and he watched the others’ faces slowly. Krshia’s brows drew together. But it was Lism’s jaw who twitched. He looked at Hexel, and then around swiftly.
“Alright. A quick vote since this is in debate. All in favor of cancelling our agreement with Architect Hexel who has come from Baleros and represents the Builder’s Guild because he’s a Lizardperson?”
No one moved. Tismel’s claw hesitated.
“But Lism—”
“Shut up, Tismel. Alright, that’s decided. Now, all in favor of throwing Tismel out of the window?”
Six hands rose. Olesm saw Tismel blanch.
“That’s not an official vote! Don’t you dare! I’m a Councilmember—”
“Someone call for Guardsman Relc.”
Lism looked past Tismel, ignoring the Drake’s panic. And Olesm was proud of his uncle. Irascible as he was—Lism looked at Hexel’s vision of Liscor. And that mattered more than a grudge between species. Jeiss coughed and looked at Hexel as Tismel fled the room.
“Let’s talk, [Architect]. The Antinium security issue is a large one. Can you point out weak spots? We have a…map of the Antinium tunnel network and dungeon, roughly. And it’s concerning.”
Olesm had seen it too. Hexel winced as he saw the secret sketch Magnolia had provided Zevara and the others.
“I…may need to check your foundations. But the Antinium are good at avoiding collapsing things when they don’t want to. Can I safeguard against that? Give me enough enchanted stone, and I can. But your budget…”
