7.23 LM
Page 17
“Um. Do I know you?”
Maviola turned. She smiled, relieved. But only a bit relieved; she didn’t seem worried, despite the very angry Gnoll.
“I daresay you might. Didn’t we drink together? Olesm Swifttail? Maviola.”
“Oh. You beat me in chess. And—right, you know the Horns.”
The [Shopkeeper] hesitated as Olesm nodded to Maviola and she smiled. This was not how the confrontation in her head had played out. She coughed, trying to be polite.
“Strategist? This Human bumped over my stock.”
“Oh—right. Miss Maviola, did you, in fact, intend to steal or knock over Miss Berri’s stock?”
Olesm sighed. Maviola shook her head.
“But she could just be saying that. The last Human was a thief! Stole from Honored Krshia and blew up the—”
Berri protested, and then tried to eat her tongue. But the other customers were somewhat on her side. Olesm sighed.
“Why don’t we test this via truth stone? We’ll have to flag down a Senior Guardsman or go to the barracks. Miss Maviola? If you’ll come with me, we can go back there. It won’t take long. And you’re not under arrest.”
And maybe I can get some breakfast. The Drake thought internally. He tried to hold out a claw to her. But Maviola refused. She pointed at the Amentus Fruits and raised her chin.
“That was an accident. I’ve apologized, but I’ve stolen nothing. Why must I be escorted to the Watch on the merest claim that I ‘might’ have been doing something? Has anything been stolen in Market Street? Is it a crime to walk around here without money?”
The [Strategist]’s brows knitted.
“No—but—”
Why was she being stubborn about this? But the [Lady]’s orange eyes flashed as she looked at Berri.
“An accident is an accident. It seems to me those fruits would fall over if anyone bumped into that stall. They already looked bruised to me. But it seems because I am Human, I’m being singled out.”
“So?”
The Gnoll woman growled at her. Olesm’s head began to hurt again. Nothing was ever simple. He looked helplessly at Miss Berri and decided he was too hungry for this.
“You know what? That’s true. An accident is an accident. Miss Berri, why don’t we call this a simple misunderstanding. I can pay for Miss Maviola since we know each other. Here—”
He dug out four coppers and winced. He’d only meant to pull out two; he wasn’t even buying one. But Berri’s face broke into a smile.
“Well, I appreciate that, Strategist Olesm. A credit to the city, and kind too! Yes, I can forgive—”
She reached out as Olesm proffered the coins. And Maviola slapped down Olesm’s wrist.
“Stop that.”
“Now what?”
Olesm lost his temper. He rounded on Maviola. But her eyes just glittered as she looked at Berri.
“I will not let you give her money for an accident and a crime I didn’t commit. I did nothing wrong. I demand that you arrest me, Strategist Olesm, or resolve this. Because this is not justice.”
His jaw dropped. So did Berri’s. But the young woman just stood there. And the look in her eyes said that she would rather be arrested than let a single copper coin go to Berri.
Like contained fire. From her hair to her eyes, Maviola El blazed with passion, even in the early morning. Even in the light. She looked at Olesm and he saw her burning indignation. Because she was right.
But the fire burned deeper still. And Olesm looked at Maviola. And at that moment—he and perhaps other shoppers in Market Street remembered something.
Another young woman. An angry Drake, overcharging prices. And to settle it, a chess game.
