7.23 LM
Page 8
She looked around. The Horns of Hammerad were listening in. Erin’s eyes widened.
“She can? Wait—how is she? Tell us all about her!”
So much emotion. So much history. Rose hesitated.
“She’s…good. Right?”
The others looked at each other.
“Yeah.”
“Good how? Is she missing any more fingers? Is she okay? How is she commanding the wind?”
The Earthers leaned back in the face of the intense questions. They looked at each other. But they didn’t know. Ryoka was ‘good’. They hadn’t asked.
At this point, Lyonette had to serve some familiar guests. Griffon Hunt had come down the stairs, and Cade was sleepily clinging to his mother.
“Halrac. It is so good to see you.”
“What are we, spare thread?”
Revi grumbled, but with a smile as Lyonette served them. And they could order whatever they wanted for breakfast, no questions asked. Because…they were friends.
Cade got a special egg-and-bacon breakfast in the form of a smile that made him laugh. Briganda, a double serving. Halrac, less sausage and more toast with butter and a bit of honey. Revi, extra the honey.
Typhenous wanted just the standard breakfast; he wasn’t picky, but he got tea with his meal, hot from a pot. And Lyonette begrudged them none of it.
Why? Again, because they were friends. Revi eyed the seven Earthers still talking with Erin. And the unusually mystified look on Erin’s face.
“Who’s that lot? I saw them last night.”
“Friends of Ryoka. They’re a bit of a handful.”
Lyonette had no idea what they were going to do with them. What did Ryoka expect? Were they to feed and house them forever? It was just like Ryoka…
Revi’s face more than expressed Lyonette’s mood.
“Ryoka’s friends? A handful? You’re kidding. No, I’m shocked. My condolences, Lyonette.”
“Don’t worry about it. Are you all staying?”
“We’re going to Hedault’s today. With the Horns of Hammerad. To get our treasure appraised. Hedault told us to wait until mid-morning, though. [Enchanters].”
“I might stay behind. Cade needs his mother. If that’s alright?”
Briganda looked up. Cade stared at Halrac. The [Scout] looked up, dour-faced. He tried to look…less-menacing. And failed. Lyonette just nodded.
“As long as you like. Of course, we can let you get back to Invrisil, Miss Briganda. Or you can explore Liscor—anything you want.”
The [Shield Maiden] brightened up.
“Really? Just like that?”
Lyonette nodded, although she herself had nearly forgotten—The City of Adventurers was open to the public, albeit at a fee. But anyone could visit anytime they wanted. This new dynamic really would take some getting used to.
Speaking of which…Lyonette’s head snapped up.
“Drassi! Did you check the door?”
“Oh, Ancestors! I’m so sorry! I’ll do it now! Excuse me, anyone from Liscor? I’m so sorry, we’ve had uh, a few delays—come in!”
Drassi ran for the door. Lyonette heard her voice coming down the hallway. Lyonette finished talking and serving Griffon Hunt and left them smiling.
The smile faded as she saw Mrsha’s face. The Gnoll was standing at the table on two legs, peeking over the edge as Erin talked with them, asking about Ryoka and what was happening in the north and receiving vague, unhelpful answers.
Because the Earthers didn’t know. And that was frustrating but—Erin knew how they’d lived, even if she disapproved. She knew Magnolia Reinhart.
So did Lyonette. She even saw something familiar in the way the others looked so…lost. Even if that was aggravating.
But Mrsha? Mrsha was just Mrsha. Mrsha all the way. And she only knew Ryoka.
Her friend. The City Runner who had carried her out of oblivion. Who had been there when her tribe ended.
