7.23 LM
Page 16
Different people. Different problems. But that was the thing. Sometimes, the days were glorious without flaw—but seldom. Even the clearest skies usually came only after rain. Usually, the cleanest glass had a bit of microscopic dust or smudge.
Someone knocked over a neat pyramid of neatly de-cored Amentus Fruits as Olesm entered the market. It was an accident; a bump against the table. It happened. Olesm heard the [Shopkeeper]’s aggrieved shout.
Erin Solstice dragged Montressa upstairs to negotiate about why all the Earthers were off-limits. The Earthers looked at each other.
“Wow. That was a Minotaur.”
“Minotauress.”
“So—we’re staying here?”
“Guess so. Let’s look around. They call this place the ‘Floodplains’. Come on. We’ll get out of Erin’s hair. She looks busy.”
They got up and left the inn, and no one noticed for a good ten minutes in the rush. By the time Erin went to look for them to explain about Wistram—they were gone. Wandering the perfectly safe Floodplains. Erin began to curse in a very uncharacteristic manner.
And at that moment the magical door opened, as the [Innkeeper] was preparing to leave. And a woman walked into the inn and put it to a standstill. She wore not the yellow tracksuit of yesterday, but her hair was still styled. Lady Pryde looked around the inn with narrowed eyes.
The little bug heard a furious voice.
“You! You ruined my stock! You damned—someone call the Watch! Is there a [Guardsman]?”
And everyone looked at him. All the bug-Drake wanted was some food. The inn was unguarded.
It was times like these, when the deck was stacked against you, a single face, a single card could turn the tides.
Like a [Lady]. Let alone a [Princess].
 
—-
 
Olesm Swifttail heard a young woman arguing with the irate Gnoll. He found the crowd nudging him out of line, as a member of Liscor’s law enforcement, to deal with the problem. He just wanted his sandwich.
But then he turned and saw her.
Her hair was mussed, disorderly from sharing a room with Ceria on a floor-mattress. She was in the same clothes as yesterday since her clothing—and her money pouch had been stolen by Thomast.
Even so, her hair was black and orange. And she burned like fire. The [Lady] was speaking slowly.
“I’m sorry. It was an accident.”
“Accident? Who cares? That’s my stock! Now it’s bruised! You Humans think you can just damage someone’s business and walk off? This is why I voted for Lism!”
The Gnoll was haranguing her. The young woman was scooping down to pick up the Amentus Fruits.
“Get your paws off them! And pay for those!”
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] was having a bad day. She glared about as her customers called out.
“Leave off. They’re just dusty, Berri.”
“Shut up. Where’s a [Guardsman]? I want recompense.”
“I’m sorry. But I don’t have any money.”
Maviola El gestured to her missing money pouch. That was actually the wrong thing to say. The crowd instantly turned suspicious.
“Not one copper penny?”
“Why are you in Market Street, then?”
“Looking around. Looking for work.”
The [Lady] defended herself. But the memory of the Human [Thief] was working against her. The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] looked furiously around.
“Where’s a [Guardsman]?”
“Here’s Olesm!”
Someone called out and pointed at Olesm. The Drake jumped. He was drooling at the blue fruits. The Gnoll brightened.
“Olesm! Just the Drake I wanted! Sort this out, please? This Human knocked over my stall! And she’s loitering about here without a penny in her pockets, or so she says! Just like the last [Thief]!”
“Uh—hello, everyone. What seems to be the problem, Miss…?”
Olesm halted. He blinked at Maviola.
