7.23 LM
Page 42
“Strategist Olesm. The Walled Cities do not take…sides in the disputes of lesser—er—other Drake cities. We do fund certain projects at times. But we do not interfere in a city’s business. Drake settlements are sovereign unto themselves. And that is how we prefer it.”
Olesm bowed his head. The old Wall Lady pursed her lips and then spoke.
“However. We agree the Free Antinium must be curtailed in light of their…advancements. Is your decision to veto any actions against the Free Antinium final?”
“Yes, Wall Lady.”
The Drake felt a pang. There was a…rhythm to her words. The Wall Lady’s eyes narrowed.
“Then—”
“One moment, Wall Lady. Excuse me.”
Lism strode forwards. The Wall Lady cut off, looking affronted. Lism put an arm around Olesm’s shoulders. And the [Shopkeeper] politely sneered into the scrying orb.
“I just felt Liscor’s Council should present our opinions. We will also back a veto to go after the Free Antinium. They are—Liscor’s assets, after all.”
It looked like he threw up in his mouth to say that. But he stood with his nephew. Olesm looked up at Lism—then saw Krshia standing next to him.
“The entire Council’s decision.”
“And my backing as Watch Captain.”
Zevara stepped forwards. Calistoca’s eyes bulged. But now Liscor’s entire leadership stood in front of the scrying orb. The High Command of the army looked like they were having heart attacks in the background.
“Go ahead and fire him now, you scaly lizard—er—idiot.”
Lism muttered under his breath. He…might have been audible to everyone on the call. Silently, the image flickered. Wall Lord Ilvriss pushed forwards.
“I think that settles it. Unless we’d like to…? No? Very well. Liscor—we will grant you your proposed budget, in exchange for certain assurances of completion. We may send our representatives to monitor the work. Is that acceptable?”
“Yes, Wall Lord.”
Olesm’s knees shook. Lism kept him upright. Ilvriss smiled into the scrying orb.
“Very well then. Let’s discuss implementation. Now, for funding—”
The argument began anew. But Maviola didn’t hear. She’d run off, throwing her arms up, laughing until she got behind a closed door and then she screamed triumphantly. She laughed, relieved and delighted.
The fire burned.
 
—-
 
Olesm Swifttail emerged from the Council’s chambers amid cheering. The Council was celebrating, even Tismel. He was flushed—Lism had stood three rounds with his nephew and it looked like they were going to continue partying.
But he was looking for someone. Maviola El wasn’t outside the Council’s room; probably wise since they’d been demanding Street Runners bring them libations.
She was in his office, where they’d planned the audacity. He paused in the door as she napped in the fading light.
She was still glowing. Or perhaps he was. He felt alive. Triumphant. He paused, as she opened her eyes and woke up from her nap in his chair.
“You did it.”
She beamed at him. Olesm hesitated—then went into the office and sat in the guest’s chair in the little, cramped space. He looked around. He’d asked for and doubled his salary. He could have probably quadrupled it, but he really didn’t need it.
“I did. But it wasn’t really me.”
“Oh?”
She looked at him. The Drake rested his elbows on his knees, letting his claws droop downwards as he clasped them loosely. He looked at Maviola, wondering.
“You did it too. I realized it—you made it possible. If not for you, I’d be wallowing in misery this morning. Probably just standing there, letting them give us nothing.”
