7.23 LM
Page 0

(The story is now on break until May 23rd! May 26 for Public readers.)
 
A new day dawned. And with it, a [Princess] rose from her bed. An [Innkeeper] rolled out of her bed and onto the floor. A Hobgoblin [Bard] yawned, checked the sun, and put the pillow over his head. A white Gnoll sat on the ledge of the windowsill, watching the sun coming up. An Antinium [Hunter] was sitting in his tower, eating a raw egg.
Mrsha raised her paws as if she were holding the sun up. Bird looked around for birdsong and checked his bow. Erin Solstice said ‘ow’.
And Lyonette du Marquin found the bed was as comfortable as she remembered. Although the pillows had changed. And she was no longer lying against Pawn as he sat-slept against the wall. Since he was, in fact, a poor pillow with his non-flesh body, Lyonette had been sleeping against some pillows bunched around him.
A Fortress of Fluff. The [Princess] looked around and saw the [Priest] was staring through a window. At the sky. Like Mrsha, giggling and watching as she ‘held’ the fire in the sky, the Antinium still wondered at the sight. The [Princess] smiled and stretched.
“Morning, Pawn.”
The Antinium looked at her. And smiled with all the pleasure in his being. He had no subterfuge, no reserve. When the Antinium did something, they held nothing back.
Lyonette rose. And it was a different room—Pawn’s—that she woke up in. The mattress she’d added, but the Antinium had a little cave-fort of blankets and pillows he normally slept in. His censer was lying on a desk, ready to be cleaned. He had two books he’d bought with money from his salary.
In Erin’s room, the young woman looked up at the little Gnoll.
“Oh. Hey, Mrsha. I forgot you’re sleeping here. Did I wake you?”
The Gnoll shook her head. The [Druid] smiled in the sunlight, as Apista buzzed through the open window.
Numbtongue rolled over in his bed. He had a hangover.
A new day. And everything was different. Again. Erin Solstice, bleary in her pajamas—very comfy one-piece nightwear much like ones from her world, but a bit oversized since it had been made for Gnolls—saw Mrsha climb out the window.
“Mrsha! Hold on! You can’t do that!”
The Gnoll scampered up the roof. Erin tumbled out after her. She hurried out onto the roof, calling out.
“Mrsha! I told you—no roof climbing! Or surfing!”
The Gnoll scampered up the roof as Apista buzzed higher. Bird, looking in the distance at a flight of Razorbeaks flying high overhead, saw a white form scuttling up the roof.
“Is that a rat? No, that is not a rat. That is Mrsha. Hello, good morning!”
The [Hunter] sang to the Gnoll. Erin, cursing, saw Mrsha running nimbly past arched windows, each of which led to its own room.
The Wandering Inn’s second floor was done. And many rooms were now open. And the third floor, where Bird’s tower was set until the renovations were done? It too would hold guests, in lovely rooms. Lyonette wanted the third floor to be more luxurious, which meant larger rooms.
For now, the second floor could hold far more guests than it ever had. And the inn was still under construction.
Marching Workers leaving the city covered in detritus looked up and saw the young woman scrambling up the roof. And the Gnoll child, waving happily at Bird as he waved back. They headed up the hill, ready to help build this sacred place. It made the shouting, the trash throwing—everything worth it.
A sanctuary to them. Something as close to a place of worship as the barracks in their Hive. And they were not the only ones.
Erin Solstice ran after Mrsha as the Gnoll raced down the rooftop.
“Mrsha! Get back here!”
