7.23 LM
Page 22
Lyonette snapped at the [Innkeeper]. Erin blinked. She glanced at the door, and then at the confused Pryde.
“But—”
“Go. I’ll handle things here.”
Lyonette saw Erin hesitate, weigh the odds of Joseph and the others being in trouble, look at Pryde. Then she cursed and ran. Erin only stopped at the door to point at Pryde.
“This isn’t over! Dun, dun, d—”
She slammed the door. Pryde stared after her, and then at Lyonette. Her aura was still crushing everyone around her.
“Gah! Why can’t I—”
Ceria was on her knees. She was being completely shut down. Even Yvlon was struggling to stay upright. But Lyonette? Pryde focused on the [Princess]. And Lyonette’s knees didn’t so much as buckle.
“And who are you?”
Lyonette du Marquin stood in front of Lady Pryde Ulta. She took a deep breath. And then she smoothly curtsied.
“Lyon, Lady Pryde! So sorry about that. I’m the inn’s [Manager] and [Head Barmaid], under Miss Solstice. How can I help you?”
The [Lady] blinked. The aura…slowly relaxed. She turned her head, eyed Lyonette a few times, and then sniffed.
“Well, someone has politeness and a spine. I’ll conduct my business myself. Tell that impudent [Innkeeper].”
With that she turned away and walked through one of the side doors. Lyonette exhaled, slowly. She felt everyone begin breathing, talking again.
“Dead gods damn it, I couldn’t do anything! Again!”
Ceria got up, breathing hard. She looked at Lyonette. Then at Pryde.
“We’re just letting her go?”
“Would you like to throw her out? I’ll follow her, make sure nothing else happens. Mrsha! You can come in, but don’t you dare cause trouble!”
Mrsha was peeking at Lyonette wide-eyed through the Garden of Sanctuary. The others saw Lyonette clap her hands.
“Sorry for the interruption, everyone! Won’t happen again—hopefully. Back to work!”
They all looked at the [Princess]. Yvlon, panting, eyed Lyonette. She asked the question that Mrsha and the others dearly wanted to know.
“You just interrupted both Erin and Pryde. She tried to squash you, Lyonette. I’m no expert—I’m a Level 4 [Lady]. But how did you do that?”
Lyonette just winked.
“Aura battles aren’t pure force, Yvlon. Ceria, you need practice. Just like Erin. As for how—that’s my secret. Come on, Mrsha!”
She scooped Mrsha up and followed after Pryde. The Gnoll patted Lyonette on the head urgently. She signed with her paws, practically begging.
“How did you do that?”
Lyonette saw Mrsha pleading for the answer. So she lowered her voice as she followed Pryde and whispered.
“Easy, Mrsha. I just know about auras. Pryde is stronger, more skillful than Erin and me. But you know what? I outrank her.”
It was all about perspective. Once Lyonette shifted her own authority, Pryde was aiming at the wrong target. There was nothing like a secret [Princess] when someone pulled out a [Lady].
But round two was just beginning. Lyonette wiped sweat from her brow. She hurried down the main hallway. Pryde was going through one of the side doors.
“Lady Pryde! How can I help—”
The magic door opened and a Drake strode through. An absolute unit. Grimalkin the Fist Mage made the Gnolls look small and skinny. He was already in an irritable mood. But he was unfailingly…Grimalkin.
“Ah, Miss Lyonette. Excellent. I must speak to Erin Solstice at once. About the Antinium issue.”
“Grimalkin! I mean, Magus—now is not a good time. Erin’s outside and—”
“Is she? I’ll find her. I’d also like to confer with Watch Captain Zevara before I leave. The Walled Cities are debating on the Liscorian issue…excuse me.”
