7.23 LM
Page 37
“I plan on addressing the Walled Cities first. I’m sure the Council will allow this? Also—this is unrelated, but I’d like the city to fund this new project.”
“What is this, Olesm?”
Krshia blinked at the object in front of her. It was…a bundle of words. A colorful image of Liscor and the Floodplains over a title. She read, slowly.
The Liscorian Gazette. Featuring chess commentary, news by Drassi Tewing, perspectives of each species, and stories of your city. Edited by Olesm Swifttail.
“A newspaper. Like the one Pallass has.”
Jeiss was the first one to catch on. He grinned, flipping through it. Olesm nodded politely.
“Exactly. I was thinking about the issue of relations between species in the city—and of course, our own changing times. Through this, the Council can speak to the people. I’ll include a little chess section—and other extras. This is just the prototype.”
The Councilmembers looked at each other. And Lism burst into a huge smile.
“Magnificent! Well, this is a welcome surprise, Olesm. I knew my neph—er, our [Strategist] would come up with something. So—we’ll send this out to other cities along with your chess magazine!”
Olesm gave Lism a blank look.
“No, Councilmember Lism.”
The [Shopkeeper] turned [Councilmember] paused.
“Why not?”
Olesm folded his claws behind his back.
“Why would we do so, Councilmember? It’s Liscor’s news. I plan to continue my chess magazine.”
“But this is our news.”
Alonna tapped the newspaper, proudly, though it hadn’t existed an hour ago. Elirr snorted into his paper.
“It is only our news, I think is what Olesm is trying to say. Pallass has their newspaper too. Why would other cities want to read ours?”
“Oh.”
The Council looked disappointed. Raekea frowned.
“Wait—then, this is copying, no? Is this allowed?”
She looked worried; [Blacksmiths] had their own relationship with stealing designs. Maviola, her ear pressed against the door, grinned. Olesm was ready for this. He bowed to the Gnoll.
“Certainly, it is, Councilwoman Raekea. But so are most things in life. And while this might only affect our city—I think this newspaper is necessary. If you’ll read the article headlines?”
He gestured as the Council began to actually read The Liscorian Gazette. Olesm went on.
“The newspaper has more of a role than just—announcements. This is a balanced perspective of each species. Miss Lyonette wrote the first article, about being a Human in Liscor. For many people, that might be their insight in what it means to be a Human. Senior Guardswoman Beilmark spoke to Drassi about the challenges she faced entering the Watch, and the differences between Gnolls and Drakes.”
“I see.”
Krshia’s eyes sharpened. She looked up at Olesm. A Human perspective? Olesm nodded.
“Who knows what it’s really like, being another species? There is also a short article by an Antinium.”
“What?”
Lism recoiled from the paper. He looked at Olesm in shock. So did the entire Council, Zevara included.
“The Antinium, Olesm?”
Zevara frowned. The Drake just nodded.
“Tensions between the Antinium and other species in Liscor are at an all-time high. I hope—this will calm those conflicts.”
“But the Antinium are doubling their numbers beneath our city—”
Lism spluttered, looking at Olesm in clear confusion. His views were known. Olesm sighed.
“Yes, Councilmember Lism. My perspective is that the Antinium are a threat. As I will say to the Walled Cities in—thirteen minutes, I believe. But our struggle is for the security of Liscor, not promoting clashes on the streets. To that end—I asked one of the Antinium to write a piece to…individualize them.”
