7.23 LM
Page 10
Joseph wandered behind the bar of the inn. He hunted around and then pulled out a bottle of gin. Lyonette and Erin both looked at him. He cracked it open, and only then noticed the stares.
“…Oh. Sorry.”
Lyonette’s jaw twitched. No, it was fine. Lay down the law. She just had to—she saw Imani, who’d also found the outhouse, unprompted, coming back to the table. She went to sit down and a little white Gnoll crept around her chair. Mrsha yanked the chair back as Imani sat and the young woman went sprawling.
“Mrsha!”
The Gnoll raced off as the others helped Imani up. Lyonette was about to scold when Drassi sidled into the room.
“Um, Lyonette?”
“What, Drassi?”
Exasperated, the [Princess] turned. Drassi pointed.
“We have a situation. Should I let everyone in?”
“Everyone…?”
And then Lyonette saw them. In Invrisil, in The Players’ Retreat, there was a crowd. Of people. About…oh, four hundred strong. Lined up at the door as Redit the [Bouncer] kept them out.
All with the six-silver passage fee to Liscor. [Traders], [Merchants], pedestrians who stared at Drassi and murmured—
Curious Humans. Tourism had come to Liscor. Lyonette stared at the open door. And if she’d been someone else she might have thrown up her hands, panicked, or just frozen. But the [Princess] had been here a while. She just sighed, rolled up her sleeves.
And got to work.
 
—-
 
Olesm was hungry as he waited in line for one of the street-stalls. No restaurants; he didn’t have the time for it.
Or the coin, frankly. Olesm was paid decently well for a [Tactician] in a small city. And he’d had a small pay increase for his new class. But Liscor was not rich.
The food on offer was, ironically, a hamburger. Copied from Erin. Only it wasn’t a burger—more like a glazed boneless rib-inna-bun.
It still smelled delicious. And if the stall-owner was actually a decent cook and not a mad sales-genius who could sell vaguely meat-like products solely on the virtues of his sales craft—well, it was good enough.
There was a line, and Olesm was licking his lips and wondering if he could spring for two burgers. His stomach rumbled—
And at that precise moment, as he was drawing towards the front, a Street Runner raced up.
“There you are! Strategist Olesm to City Hall at once! The Council needs you!”
“What? What for?”
Olesm’s face fell. The Gnoll [Runner] shrugged.
“Didn’t say. They want you right away, though! Something about an [Architect]?”
“Oh, scale cheese—”
One of the Drakes in line gagged and glared as Olesm ran off. The [Architect]! He hadn’t been more than introduced to the Lamia yesterday, but he’d totally forgotten after last night.
He’d…had a lot to drink in between not getting to talk to Erin. It hadn’t been that bad a night, but Olesm felt slower, stupider today.
And he had forgotten about Hexel. So—apparently—had the Council.
“I believe I requested a group of [Bodyguards]. Plural. Non-Drakes. I was quite happy with my residence, my travel notwithstanding. But I will require both. Today. If I am unsatisfied, I will, with great politeness, leave, because security is a pressing issue for my team. And the Guild of Builders in Baleros will hear of it.”
Hexel was cheerfully threatening Liscor’s Council in the morning. They were eating. Olesm just stared at fresh meat pies that Krshia had provided to the Council.
“As I was saying, Mister Hexel—that’s an addition to the budget we haven’t calculated.”
“Then calculate it. And I need to begin redesigning the city. Shall we do it now? No? Ah—this must be the [Strategist].”
Hexel slithered backwards as Olesm, panting, raised one claw.
