7.23 LM
Page 24
A little bell rang in Lyonette’s head. The [Princess] smiled widely. She looked over her shoulder.
“Actually, Lady Pryde—I think I can put you in touch with the creator himself. One moment?”
She hurried out of the room. Lady Pryde opened her mouth. And then she turned and stared.
Mrsha was trying to bench press a miniature weights bar. She gave Pryde a challenging look. Even Pryde needed a moment for that. Cuteness could overpower even pride.
Grimalkin was still pacing back and forth in the hallway, muttering to himself.
“Auras. Damn formality Skills. Should I go after Miss Solstice? But there is such a thing as politeness—which is of course, how the Skills work. If I was a savage-minded person with no manners, I’d be practically immune…”
He jumped as Lyonette opened one of the secret side-doors.
“Magus Grimalkin?”
“I haven’t left. Wait, is Miss Solstice back yet?”
He turned on her, expectantly. Lyonette smiled at Grimalkin.
“Actually, not that I want to distract you, but I have someone asking about buying some of your weights. She’s very intrigued. Could you spare a moment to speak to Lady Pryde Ulta?”
“Lady Pryde—one of the [Ladies] is here? Show me, yes, absolutely.”
Grimalkin strode into the weights room after Lyonette. Pryde was experimentally loading up her own weights bar. Mrsha was helping her slot some of the heavier lead weights into place.
Both caught sight of each other at the same time. Pryde straightened and Grimalkin folded his arms.
“Oh, you.”
They practically said the same thing.
“Lady Pryde, may I introduce Magus Grimalkin of Pallass? He created the weights you see here.”
Grimalkin opened his mouth.
“May I ask what a [Lady] is doing in Liscor? Miss Pryde?”
Pryde’s eyes flashed again.
“Lady Pryde. And I came here to investigate this…contraption. I saw it yesterday, but I was occupied with Magnolia’s plan. What is this for? To build muscle?”
Grimalkin was opening his mouth. Then—he blinked.
“Well, of course. This is my revolutionary weights-system. And this is a—gymnasium. To build muscle, in a controlled environment.”
“Really? Why haven’t I heard of this?”
“It’s a new invention.”
Grimalkin shot back. He glanced at Pryde’s weight bar dismissively.
“The techniques are completely revolutionary. My concept with some help from a…significant source. Each muscular group can be worked on without the need for sparring or general training. This is an…academic approach to improving one’s body. But it is in development still. Please don’t try lifting that bar, Miss Pryde.”
“Why not?”
The [Lady] saw the Drake glance at it.
“It’s far too heavy for your muscular mass. The weights are designed to be used incrementally. You’d want to reduce, oh, eighty pounds from that.”
He gave Pryde a dismissive look up and down. The [Lady] wasn’t wearing the tracksuit, but she was wearing loose, travel or athletic clothes. She didn’t look a tenth as muscular as Grimalkin. However, at Grimalkin’s words, Pryde’s head snapped up.
“Is that a challenge?”
“No, a fact. I warn you—”
Too late. Pryde bent down. A bit uncertainly—she bent down. And then picked the weights bar up and heaved it onto her shoulders to do a squat.
Lyonette and Grimalkin stared. Mrsha’s jaw dropped. Pryde eyed the poster on the wall, and imitated a squat. The weights bar—which had to have over two hundred pounds on it, balanced on her shoulders as she did one squat. Then two.
“Too heavy, you said?”
The [Lady] looked at Grimalkin. The weight was clearly heavy on her, but she was managing it. Grimalkin scratched at his head.
“That’s not…are you using magic? An aura?”
