7.23 LM
Page 34
The Gnoll’s eyes went round. Lyonette saw something appear. A glowing—sigil.
It looked like a little halo. A hovering blessing you had to look for to see. The heraldry of The Eternal Throne of Calanfer. Lyonette gasped.
The little [Druid] stood taller. And she heard a sound in her head.
 
[Temporary Skill – Barkfur obtained!]
[Temporary Skill – Lesser Strength obtained!]
 
Her eyes opened wide. Lyonette heard the Skills too. She tumbled backwards. Mrsha looked at herself. She raced about. Then—she looked at Lyonette.
“Whoa, what’s this place? It’s amazing!”
Kevin and the others were coming up the hill. Mrsha felt the power racing through her. A blessing. She sat back.
And then she howled. The sound was joyous, and Ishkr, the other Gnolls looked up. Marveling. Mrsha raced forwards, blazing with life.
She charged, howling like a beast from legends. Mrsha the Great and Terrible cannonballed into Kevin’s stomach. He went whoof and tumbled down the hill.
“Help! Get her off! Get her off—”
“My blessing.”
Lyonette saw Mrsha dragging Kevin by the foot. And she looked around. And laughed and laughed. And the invincible daughter knocked Erin flat with a flying head-butt. She arm-wrestled Rose and lost—barely. Mrsha crashed around the tables, a cannonball unafraid of the impacts.
Blessed.
 
—-
 
The little Gnoll raced about, blazing with a mother’s love, a royal gift. And she was one of two fires igniting in Liscor. If you thought about things like fire, that was. You could probably get tired of the metaphor. But banana-based metaphors were more difficult.
The Skill—the [Boon of the Princess] was a Skill among Skills. Lyonette knew about royal blessings. But this was hers.
And it didn’t run out. Mrsha went from becoming a terror in the common room to actually lifting weights in the weights-room. She made Numbtongue hit her—which he did very gently—and her two temporary Skills didn’t halt, even six hours later.
“It’s a boon. I can only give it to one person at a time. And I can’t switch it like that. But it’s still my boon.”
The [Princess] smiled, laughing. She stood in the inn, working, as the Horns and Halfseekers and Griffon Hunt left, cleaning up, as Erin gave the others a crash course on rules of the inn—watching as Grimalkin’s eyes bulged over Pryde’s funding. But she could have predicted that. House Ulta was not poor.
And then—the door opened. Erin Solstice looked up from a game of chess against Joseph. And her eyes widened.
“Oh. Olesm.”
The Drake paused in the common room. He looked about. And inhaled.
“Hello, Erin. I’m not—bothering you, am I?”
She hesitated.
“No—come in. I was just—sorry, I’m a bit busy. But—Joseph, can you hold on? Bird can play you. We didn’t get to speak, yesterday, Olesm—”
The Drake held up a claw. And someone else entered the inn. Lyonette blinked at the familiar [Lady]. And she felt a kinship. She stared at Maviola’s orange in her black hair, and Maviola noted Lyonette’s red hair. They looked at each other as Olesm looked around.
“I don’t want to bother you, Erin. Actually—I was hoping I could talk to Drassi. Can I borrow her?”
“Drassi? Of course.”
Erin blinked. But Olesm smiled and walked past her. Confidently. Pursuing his goals. As he walked past Erin to the intrigued Drassi, Lyonette stopped.
The [Lady] was looking at her. She looked a bit older than Lyonette. And felt—so different. Lyonette tilted her head.
“Um—we’ve met, right?”
The young woman sketched a curtsey.
“Hello. I’m Maviola.”
“Lyon. Lyonette.”
