7.23 LM
Page 27
Her words were sharp and cut Olesm to the quick. What was worse—Maviola sounded like she knew exactly what she was talking about from personal experience. Olesm just looked at her.
“Oh, Ancestors. That makes so much sense.”
“Mhm. Imagine that.”
She leaned on a sign in front of the public park. It read, ‘Erin Solstice is banned from entry by order of the community and the Watch’. There had been a siege here, once. Children vs grownups. An epic battle.
Anyways. Olesm just looked at Maviola.
“So—I should be doing what I can that Chaldion can’t do?”
“Exactly.”
“Which is…?”
She shrugged. The young woman gave Olesm a very blank look.
“I have no idea. I’m not Liscor’s [Strategist]. But what are the problems in Liscor that could be fixed?”
“Oh, well—so many. The Humans coming into Liscor—that’s an issue you highlighted this morning. I had this chess magazine, and that’s more personal, but it was actually putting Liscor on the map. But I don’t talk to Erin. And there’s the budget—if I could help with that—”
For a moment Olesm felt that helplessness set in. How did you fix any of that? He began to feel sorry for himself.
Then Maviola kicked him. The Drake yelped. He glared at her and then realized. He was doing it again. Here was the problem. Now—where was his solution?
“I…don’t know what I should do.”
Maviola raised her foot. Olesm hurried on.
“Yet. But—well—hm.”
He rubbed at his chin in thought. Thought, for once. And he didn’t see Maviola’s eyes locked on his face. Her smile, as she saw a fire reigniting in his empty gaze.
“Why don’t you show me around? Run your ideas by me. I can listen.”
She suggested. Olesm looked around.
“Oh! Sure. We can—walk by some of Liscor’s attractions. You know, we have great singing performances. Erin’s never bothered to go down Stonesong Boulevard, but it really is a sight. They have this Rock Crab—sorry, Hollowstone Deceiver’s—shell that they painted and people stand on it and sing. Amazing acoustics. Come on, I’ll show you.”
He pointed and the two began to walk. After a moment, Olesm looked at Maviola, embarrassed. She was smiling, looking around this city with excitement. And at him.
“So—well, it’s incomplete, but—”
“Tell me already.”
“Well, I had this idea just now. You know my magazine? What if—I saw that Pallass has a newspaper, which is this thing—okay, let me start from the beginning. But hear me out…”
He began to talk. And Maviola listened. Smiling and walking with him. She grabbed his arm and listened, laughing. As if she had all the time in the world. Or as if this was all that mattered with the time she had left.
And the flames grew.
 
—-
 
Across the Floodplains, a group of seven walked. They were a bit—disconsolate.
“Wow. Erin’s a lot more high-strung than I remember. Not as bad as Ryoka, though.”
“She really runs this inn? Why? Maybe she likes being…an [Innkeeper]?”
They were debating. Wandering up and down the hills and valleys, marveling at the landscape, the odd rocks scattered here and there, the city in the distance.
But it wasn’t—necessarily—a place you wanted to stay. Still, where else did they have to go? Rose was shaking her head.
“Erin’s nice. She let us in after we ran up that huge tab.”
“But how does she have all this? I mean—do you think she actually has a higher level? She’s only been here what, a few months?”
Leon was skeptical. Kevin scratched his head.
“I dunno, guys. She’s a pretty big deal. I was chatting up that Drake. Drassi.”
“Hitting on her, you mean. Kevin—that’s so disgusting.”
Galina wrinkled her nose. Kevin looked at her.
“Why?”
