7.23 LM
Page 26
Her head lolled back. And she closed her eyes. The [Princess] passed out—just for a moment, before Mrsha shoved a stamina potion in her mouth. But that was all she needed. She heard that wonderful voice she’d been waiting for.
 
[Worldly Princess Level 20!]
[Skill—
 
—-
 
At the same time that was happening, a [Lady] was listening to a Drake’s woes. Maviola El savored her bites of the rib-burger as she walked across Liscor with Olesm.
The Drake was showing her around. Olesm really didn’t have much to do—well, he had to attend the strategy meeting regarding the Antinium situation.
“But what do I do? I’m just a low-level [Strategist]. Grand Strategist Chaldion will be there. I mean—I’ve messed it all up.”
Olesm was showing Maviola the park. She stopped, watching Ekirra throw Visma off the top of the park slide. The screaming Drake child plummeted to the ground before the safety spell caught her. Then she raced up and kicked Ekirra off.
“But you’re Liscor’s [Strategist]. You’ve done a lot for the city. Before this Council, you practically ran it.”
“How do you know that?”
She smiled at him.
“You told me last night. We played chess, remember?”
“Oh. I uh—drank too much. Sorry. I’m whining, aren’t I?”
“Yes. The [Innkeeper] doesn’t like you. That half-Elf doesn’t love you. You don’t get paid enough, the city’s undefended against the Antinium—”
Maviola began counting Olesm’s woes off on her fingers. He turned bright red under his scales. He’d told her all that yesterday? She grinned at his expression.
“I’m—sorry. I’ll shut up.”
The Drake turned away. Idiot! But Maviola just pushed at his shoulder.
“Do you know what your problem is, Olesm? You told me all your problems yesterday. But you don’t do anything about them.”
The [Strategist] hunched his shoulders.
“What? No, I mean, I can’t fix Ceria not…and Erin—I burned the bridge with her.”
Maviola rolled her eyes.
“Yes, yes. But those two aren’t the biggest problems, are they? The Antinium was what I meant—but let’s start with an easy one. You don’t get paid enough?”
“I…could use a bigger salary. I mean, it’s decent. But I spend money on paper and ink for my personal notes. It’s not that I need a lot more, it’d just be helpful. Did I mention that?”
Olesm counted his coins. Even treating Maviola to a meal ticked his cash flow at the back of his head. Maviola smiled.
“Briefly. So if you need more money and you’re working hard—why don’t you ask for it? Ask this Council.”
The blue-scaled Drake hesitated.
“I couldn’t do that. They have so many budgetary needs, what with the city’s construction and so forth—I don’t need to add to that.”
The [Lady] rolled her eyes.
“And is your salary going to impact the entire future of Liscor’s construction?”
She spread her arms to indicate the entire city, mockingly. Olesm blushed again.
“No! But—it’s petty.”
“You mean, it’s easy. Just ask. If they say no, that’s it. But you don’t ask. That’s like your Antinium problem.”
“Ow. What is?”
Olesm backed up from the poking. Maviola looked at him, exasperated, but amused. Somehow—knowing.
“Forget about what this Grand Strategist can do. What can you, as the [Strategist] of Liscor, do? You’re making a mistake of command: you think that if you can’t fix everything, you should leave it to your superiors. That’s idiotic.”
She pointed down at the ground they stood on.
“You do the best job you can in your position, and you inform those above you about what you can’t do. You don’t do nothing and wait for orders. If that’s how you act, you don’t deserve to even follow.”
