7.23 LM
Page 39
“We’re fully prepared to give an appropriate budget to Liscor, Manus. We can afford it.”
“You little snake—”
The other Walled Cities began to bicker. And a sharp voice cut through all the arguments.
“Liscor’s High Command. We want to know what actions will be taken around the Free Antinium. We support the demand to cut their numbers until the Hive falls in line with the original treaties. Only then will funding be released to Liscor from our forces.”
Everyone fell silent. Olesm saw the Council look up. He knew that voice. One of Liscor’s [Generals]. High Command.
So far from home. They had left because of Liscor’s Hive. In many ways—that had caused a schism between the army and the city. But the army had more money than the city. The view switched back to a [Mage Strategist] from Fissival. He nodded warily.
“Fissival supports this measure. The Antinium must be curtailed. What pressure will Liscor’s council put on them?”
“Zeres agrees. Punitive measures. Liscor? Your submission?”
The Council stirred. Lism looked at Krshia, swearing silently. Jeiss was shaking his head. Demand the Antinium Hive halve their numbers? But the Walled Cities were all murmuring agreement. Some of their representatives, like Chaldion, Manus’s security council, and Ilvriss were expressing dissent.
But it fell on Liscor to respond. Krshia was slowly rising, looking at Lism. He jabbed a claw at his chest and the two whispered to each other as the others shifted, impatiently. And before they could come to an agreement—Olesm stood.
He was shaking. But his voice was clear. His tail was jittering so much Jeiss and Alonna looked alarmed. But Olesm walked forwards.
“Councilmembers, as [Strategist] of Liscor I believe it is time for me to express my opinion.”
Lism looked at his nephew and shook his head. But it was too late. Dragonspeaker Luciva spoke and every voice went silent.
“Manus agrees. Approach and state Liscor’s measures, Strategist Olesm Swifttail of Liscor.”
The [Strategist] nearly threw up then and there. He did in his mouth, a bit. Some of the most powerful Gnolls and Drakes in the world were looking at him. The view switched to Ilvriss; the Wall Lord smiled slightly, then Chaldion was looking at Olesm with his good eye, impatiently.
This was it. Maviola closed her eyes. She had seen the fire, the potential. Now, the Drake proved her right or wrong.
“I—”
Olesm opened his mouth and belched. It came out, nervously, a hiccup. The watchers all recoiled. The Drake frantically waved at his face. He spoke before someone demanded him thrown out a window.
“Apologies. As I was about to say. High Command of Liscor’s army. Representatives of the Walled Cities. In regards to Liscor’s actions against the Antinium…it is my recommendation as [Strategist] of Liscor…”
He looked into the scrying orb. At every eye on him. And his mouth dried.
“Well?”
The Sharkcaptain of Zeres growled. Olesm took another breath. He could run away now. And if he ran—Maviola had shown him, he’d keep running. Better to be fired. Olesm closed his eyes as he replied. But he did reply.
“Apologies, Zeres. I misspoke. I should have said—as [Strategist] of Liscor. It is my decision that in light of Liscor’s insufficient safeguards against the Antinium, their breach of the treaty was not enough to constitute hostile action. As such—I will, with my authority, veto any such motions that affect the relationship between my city and the Free Hive of the Antinium.”
