7.23 LM
Page 3
But all of it had been because of her. Erin Solstice. Not him. He was just a fraud who rode her coattails. The Drake knew it. He wasn’t like Erin. He had none of her magic. Without her?
He checked his cupboards, realized he hadn’t bought any breakfast, and walked out his door. Head hung low. The marching in the streets continued. Antinium, the few of them, hurried about their business. The people hurled detritus at the Workers, jeering. The mood had turned against the Antinium in a day, thanks to the Deadly Flower of the North, Magnolia Reinhart.
But the Antinium could kill them all. And Olesm…what was his role? The Drake miserably went looking for breakfast. And wished he could ask Erin for help.
But she. Hated.
Him.
 
—-
 
As the sun rose higher and The Wandering Inn opened for breakfast, a Level 19 [Princess] clashed with a Level 41 [Innkeeper].
“Get. Out. Of. My. Inn.”
Erin Solstice pointed. Her eyes blazed. The room vibrated. It was a current in the air, which made Mrsha, eating breakfast with a headachy Numbtongue, look up.
The [Princess] refused to budge. The air around her—shimmered. With concentrated intensity.
“No.”
The [Innkeeper]’s eyes narrowed. There was a huge disparity in their levels, but somehow the [Princess] was holding her ground. But the room began to actually shake.
“I said, get—out.”
Her willpower and the power in the air became overwhelming. Lyonette staggered. Her feet began to move towards the door. Numbtongue and Mrsha watched, forks poised, as the [Princess]’ feet began to drag her towards the door.
But then—Lyonette halted. She fought back, gritting her teeth hard. Her eyes flashed with royal pride. The kind of resolve that had forged nations.
“Never.”
Erin’s eyes narrowed. And the pressure became physically crushing. Now, Lyonette was assailed not just with the desire to leave, but with overpowering weight. It hurt! But she drew her aura around herself, concentrating it, forming a layer around her body, forcing Erin back—
“Another sausage, Mister Ratici? You’re here early. Don’t mind them.”
Drassi passed by Lyonette holding some of the hot breakfast sausages. A Drake tipped his cap.
“You’re a blessing, miss. What’re we watching?”
“Oh, just a thing. Don’t worry, it happens all the time. This is normal. Mister Wilovan, can I refill your cup?”
The [Bartender] and [Gossip] saw the Gnoll touch the brim of his tall hat.
“I’m well served, Miss Drassi. Thank you.”
Polite as could be, the two watched Erin and Lyonette facing off. Some of the inn’s extra-early guests were filing in. And the [Princess]—despite Erin’s power in her place—refused to budge.
“Get lost or I’ll smack you! I’m gonna! Inn—smack her!”
Erin pointed at Lyonette, her brows drawn together. But the inn failed to manifest a helpful army to hit Lyonette. And as the stalemate drew on—Erin—began—to lose focus.
The pressure lightened. Erin wiped at her brow. Lyonette felt the pressure on her relax and exhaled. Erin Solstice teetered to a chair and sat down. Mrsha patted Erin’s head with a napkin. Numbtongue pushed over a pitcher of water as Lyonette came over and sat down too.
“Whew! What? How’d you do that?”
Panting, Erin looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] shook her head. She took the glass of water, gulped from it, wiped her mouth, and then took another sip.
