7.23 LM
Page 21
“Enough of this. You want to challenge me, children. Fine. Challenge me.”
Yvlon, striding for Pryde, suddenly froze. The aura spread out, immobilizing Ksmvr, Pisces, Ceria—it squashed Ceria’s elemental aura. And the air around Pryde turned golden, taking on an ethereal tinge.
“Oh no. She’s got control, potency, and manifestation.”
Lyonette groaned. Erin staggered as everyone in the inn felt an overwhelming, yet invisible weight pushing them down. Pryde’s ego was weight. Lyonette herself had to gather her aura and push against the intensity.
But—Erin still moved. She looked around her staggering friends. A copy of yesterday. And she lost her temper.
“Enough.”
She pointed. Lyonette saw the air ripple. Both she and Pryde blinked. But the [Lady] went stumbling back a few steps. Pryde caught herself, formed a shield. Erin blinked. She’d just manifested her aura!
“Interesting. You want to make this a competition? Show me what makes Magnolia so fascinated.”
Lady Pryde’s aura intensified. But this was Erin’s land. The young woman pushed back. And the two personalities met in the center of the inn.
It was something Lyonette could sense. To many, it was just an invisible staring contest. But no—you could feel it in the air, like two hostile intentions. And it was actually affecting the air between them. Shimmering where the auras met.
“What’s…happening?”
Revi whispered. She didn’t quite understand. But Halrac was staring at the two; the [Scout] could see almost as well as Lyonette.
Everyone could feel an aura. Everyone could use an aura. If you had ever engaged in a hostile staring contest—that was two auras clashing. But this was that natural ability multiplied a thousand times.
Lyonette saw Erin struggling against Pryde. The [Lady] was locking down everyone around her, but that was more of a side-effect. The two were battling it out and the Horns were frozen. They might have moved. Pisces might have flicked his glowing [Shatterbolt] ring. But that was—too—hostile. This was a [Lady]’s battle.
And an [Innkeeper] was matching her in her inn. It was close. They went back and forth; Pryde had experience, a more powerful class and a more distinguished aura.
But this was Erin’s inn. And she was mad. The two glared at each other.
“Ridiculous.”
Pryde’s eyes narrowed as she tried to squash Erin and found the young woman pushing at her. Erin was biting her lip hard enough to draw blood. The [Innkeeper]’s focus was slipping. But—she balled a hand into a fist.
“This is my inn. You want to get mean?”
She began walking forwards. Lyonette saw Erin raising her fist. Pryde saw it, and smiled.
“[Pride is Unbreakable].”
She began walking forwards too. They were on a collision course. And the clash of auras was about to get physical. But Pryde was supremely confident in her defensive Skill. And Lyonette, looking between them, wondered what she could do. If she threw her power behind Erin—but she could barely push Pryde off her!
Push. Wait a second…Lyonette’s eyes widened. Abruptly, the [Princess]’ back straightened. She felt the pressure lift. Of course! Erin had no idea, and neither did Pryde! Lyonette saw Erin raising a fist and ran.
“Erin!”
She shoved Erin aside. The [Innkeeper] went ‘bwuh’, and sprawled onto the ground. Lyonette saw Pryde blink.
The pressure on Erin relented—slightly. Erin scrambled up.
“Lyonette! Get out of the way! I’m gonna punch her—”
“Erin Solstice. We have bigger issues! Go after the Ear—go after Rose and the others! They’re in the Floodplains, remember?”
