7.23 LM
Page 19
“Anyone know where the carrots are for sale?”
Selys groaned as Hawk waved his paw around vaguely. The crowd murmured. After a few seconds, some of them began to shout at Olesm’s back.
 
—-
 
You couldn’t win them all. Olesm heard the people hurling insults at his back and high-tailed it out of Market Street. He thought he’d done a good job. But one of the said Amentus Fruits even went soaring after his head.
He started running and only stopped when he heard the laughter. Maviola was hurrying after him, but she was laughing as she ran.
The pure amusement in her voice made Olesm stop and grin ruefully. He saw her glance behind him.
“No mob. We’re safe.”
The two caught their breaths. Olesm looked at Maviola.
“Sorry. I thought that really worked.”
“It was a good speech. But did you really expect them to suddenly stop disliking Humans? You made a huge scene and humiliated that poor Gnoll.”
Olesm’s jaw dropped.
“Because you told me to!”
“Not to do it that way! And if you were going to make a scene, you should always have a way out. In case it fails! Otherwise you and I could have been beaten to pulp with—fruits!”
She laughed merrily at him. Olesm hadn’t considered that. Berri was a Gnoll woman—which meant bigger than Maviola and Olesm. She could probably pluck their heads off like grapes and put them on her counter if she got mad.
“Well—I’ve never done that before! I did my best, alright?”
“And I’m grateful. I didn’t knock over the fruits on purpose, by the way.”
“Good.”
The Drake looked stupidly at her. The [Lady] brushed her dress and glanced about. She opened her mouth as Olesm tried to say something about inclusivity and how Liscor wasn’t used to Humans.
“Well—”
“I-”
Their stomachs both rumbled. The Drake and young woman paused. And then they started chuckling.
“Sorry. I haven’t had anything to eat.”
“Me neither. My money pouch got stolen.”
“Oh no. In the city? We can report it—”
“Invrisil.”
Maviola waved it off. She bent down, dusted something off.
“Anyways, I found breakfast. I was looking for work as a [Stall Attendant] or something, but since that’s out—want to share?”
She offered the cored Amentus Fruit to Olesm. He blinked at it. It was only slightly bruised and Maviola bit into it with clear delight.
“Sweet! And so delicious. You know, these sell for gold up north? Well, the poison is deadly.”
“It’s all in the core. And if you’re hungry, want some breakfast? I need to get some. Now.”
The young woman looked at Olesm.
“I can’t pay for myself. I was going to have to go back to the inn and ask the Horns. I was actually hoping to look around the city.”
“Well, I know it like the back of my tail. Been here all my life. Come on—they’re selling burgers this way. Well—ribs in a bun. I’ll treat you. We do know each other, after all. Don’t worry; they’re really cheap.”
Maviola smiled as Olesm pointed.
“Thank you. Well, I’ll share my breakfast too.”
“What b—”
She popped the other half of the Amentus Fruit into Olesm’s mouth. He blinked. It was sweet! And only a bit gritty. The [Lady] walked past him, looking at the expression on his face with amusement. The Drake stared at her back. And then followed after. There was something about Maviola that made you want to learn about her.
It was familiar.
And different.
 
—-
 
Lady Pryde Ulta stood in the inn. Erin froze with her hand on the doorknob. The [Lady of Pride] looked around, and her eyes flashed imperiously.
She was the same as she’d been just yesterday. Erin stared at her. And the inn fell silent.
“Get. Out.”
