7.23 LM
Page 40
For a second there was silence. Then another second. Olesm’s heart thundered. He cracked one eye open. Then he heard Lism drop something with a clatter. Maviola laughed silently out the door.
“What?”
The bellow came from the Sharkcaptain—and then High Command. The room burst into a flurry of voices, all demanding—Olesm shouted.
“Excuse me. Excuse me!”
“Someone shut that idiot up! Zeres—kick that insane Drake out of—”
“Pallass. Silence. Let the [Strategist] speak.”
“Manus agrees.”
“Salazsar acknowledges Strategist Olesm. Speak.”
Three voices cut through the clamor. Three of the six Walled Cities spoke. Someone on Zeres’ side was shouting obscenities—then a cool voice.
“The Gardener of Oteslia acknowledges. A majority calls upon Liscor’s [Strategist] to speak. Why no action, Strategist Olesm?”
The Gardener of Oteslia. And the Dragonspeaker of Manus. Olesm’s mouth was dry. But he’d come this far, and there was a comfort in letting it all go. He shuffled his notes.
“To answer your questions, honored guests—I first ask that you consult the documents sent to you via [Message] spell—twenty minutes ago.”
He listened to the confused babble for a moment, went on as the others demanded the very documents. Ilvriss was reading his. And smiling. Olesm looked into the scrying orb and spoke.
“I believe that the Antinium presence in Liscor is, while in breach of our initial treaties—not solvable by direct pressure on the Hive. They will most certainly resist. This would lead to a confrontation between the Free Hive and Liscor. One which will result in warfare.”
“And are you implying Liscor would lose that confrontation? Or that we should fear Antinium aggression?”
A [General] of Liscor spoke. Olesm stared at the three [Generals] of Liscor, and the Drake with a burn mark around his face. And he bowed his head.
“Respectfully, General Sendel? In either event, Liscor loses. The Free Antinium are our allies. Liscor has no desire to engage in what will certainly be a destructive war. Nor—at this moment—does Liscor intend to begin the Third Antinium War. Which is what confrontation with the Free Antinium means.”
He listened to the frozen murmur. Does High Command want that? General Sendel was silent. Olesm went on, into his one moment.
“Respected guests. I understand today’s meeting is about funding for Liscor’s security. I understand the reluctance of the other Walled Cities to support Liscor. However—with respect— I submit that the Antinium were allowed to grow and take actions that violated the letter and law of our agreement because Liscor was always underfunded.”
Another murmur. Olesm held up a claw, forestalling Errif and a dozen voices.
“It seems to me, High Command, respected members of the Walled Cities—that Liscor’s defenses were always insufficient, beginning from when Liscor agreed to harbor the Antinium. Please recall—the decision to harbor the Free Antinium was meant to end the Second Antinium War. And Liscor agreed to it. However, we were granted almost no funds to prepare for the Hive at that time. And subsequently—our army left.”
He looked at the High Command of Liscor’s army.
“Our army has returned once since then. In times past, Liscor’s army did move abroad and take on mercenary contracts. But they always protected their home. Not so in recent decades. It seems to me, as [Strategist] of Liscor that our lack of funding, the absence of our army…was intentional. Perhaps Liscor was always meant to fail, but do so in an advantageous way to the Walled Cities. If that is the case—the Free Antinium’s actions cannot be faulted.”
