7.23 LM
Page 6
So she tossed her head defiantly, rather like Lyonette herself and reached for a scrap on Ceria’s plate. Lyonette put her hands on her hips. She lowered her voice so that only those next to her would hear and whispered.
“Mrsha du Marquin, I’m warning you once.”
Mrsha froze. So did Erin, and Numbtongue, who were close enough to hear the whisper. Mrsha slowly lowered her paw and harrumphed her way back over to her table. Lyonette sat down, only mildly exasperated.
Erin looked at the [Princess]. She lowered her voice too. Only a Gnoll would have been able to hear, and only one close by. Even Wilovan’s ears didn’t twitch—but perhaps that was because listening in was ungentlemanly.
“…You call her Mrsha du Marquin?”
“Of course. Why not?”
Lyonette looked challengingly at Erin. The young woman closed her mouth.
“No. Good.”
Mrsha du Marquin, Mrsha the Prim and Proper, glumly took her fork and poked at her toast and egg. But she was a good girl…for all of three minutes.
Then the Earthers came downstairs.
“Whoa! It wasn’t a dream!”
Kevin stared about the inn. Joseph blinked around at the bright, painful room and held his head. But he was there, and Rose, Galina, Troydel, Imani, and Leon. The seven young people who had been in Magnolia’s care were…here. In the inn.
Erin stopped smiling. Mrsha’s head slowly rose. She backed out of her chair as Rose made a sound.
“Oh! There she is! Hello! Mrsha! Cutie!”
She and Galina stared at Mrsha, overly excited to see her. Imani just shivered and hid behind Kevin, who was tallest along with Joseph.
Seven people from Earth. Strangers. Even to Erin. The young woman slowly rose.
“Oh. Hi.”
She’d nearly forgotten about last night. The revelation that Ryoka had sent these people here was…well, it had been too big for Erin to do anything but react to. She’d given them a room after asking questions—but they’d all been tired and most more than a little bit drunk.
“Wild. That’s a Gnoll, Rose. Not a dog. And those are Drakes and that’s…uh…one of the Antinium. I think. Not Bird? Are you Bird?”
Kevin waved at Ksmvr. The [Skirmisher]’s head rose, confused. He looked at Ceria, who was getting her own looks from Troydel—known as ‘Troy’, and Leon.
“I am not Bird.”
“Right, cool.”
Kevin nodded a few times. He was distinctly…Kevin. Lyonette remembered him flirting unsuccessfully with Drassi last night.
The others were harder for her to pin any details on. Joseph was noticeably the most hung over of the group. He’d been drinking hard and subsequently run up a large amount of their—unpaid—tab.
Rose was one of the group’s leaders. She was also fascinated by Mrsha, who’d slunk off her seat in the face of the stares. Mrsha peeked around Numbtongue and glowered at the group.
They stared at Numbtongue too. And only a few of them looked at all uneasy. The perpetually-afraid Imani shivered at Numbtongue’s crimson eyes and green skin, but Leon only nudged Troydel.
“An Orc. I’m telling you…”
Galina was excitedly staring about the inn, at the stage where the [Players] had performed last night. And Troydel and Leon were arguing over whether Numbtongue was an ‘Orc’, or another Goblin.
But all seven looked around the inn as if they were, well, tourists, or visitors. Lyonette had the distinct impression that if one of them had owned a ‘camera’, that thing from Erin’s world they used to take images, they would have been taking pictures now.
“Um…yeah. Hi.”
Erin just looked at them. She had known them. Or so Lyonette gathered. The others looked at Erin, blinking at her apron. The young woman hesitated.
