7.23 LM
Page 11
“You—needed to see me, Councilmembers?”
“Yes, ah, Olesm. Our [Strategist]. I think you met him yesterday, Mister Hexel? Olesm, Architect Quithail requires a [Bodyguard] escort. As [Strategist], please appoint one.”
Lism didn’t meet the Lamia’s eyes as he shuffled the papers. The Lamia gave Olesm a toothy smile.
“Non-Drake. I’m sure you understand.”
“Of course, sir.”
The young, blue-scaled Drake shifted uncomfortably. Not just because of Hexel’s obvious distrust of Drakes and the story he’d heard last night. Being attacked by hostile Drake…[Bandits]. Yes, [Bandits]. Criminals. But the frightened Lizardfolk trio hid behind their boss.
“Olesm, please hire the [Bodyguards] immediately. Submit them for Architect Hexel’s review, yes? We will begin discussing the plans for the new city.”
Krshia dipped her head at Hexel. Olesm was nodding.
“I can uh—hire some adventurers? Or Watch Captain Zevara can appoint members of the Watch. The Watch will be cheaper by far—”
He realized he was thinking out loud and blushed. Lism looked at his nephew, fond as ever, but impatient.
“Let’s do that, then. Save the city coin. Now, we’re rather pressed for time, Architect. We have a number of meetings with the High Command of Walled Cities, not to mention our armies over this damned Antinium issue. Which I was right about, incidentally—”
Krshia audibly ground her teeth as Lism shot her a glare. The members of the Council rustled. Elirr, Raekea on one side were subdued. Alonna and Jeiss were worried, as were the traditionalist, and largely, useless two members of the Council, Tismel and Zalaiss, who tended to be overridden in most majority-votes.
“—so we really can’t devote all the time to your work. But if you’d like to survey the city, we can meet tomorrow at—”
Lism’s little speech was interrupted by Hexel. The [Architect] calmly gestured, and one of his [Apprentices] put down a blueprint of the city. The illustration was in white, with colorful chalk additions on black, thick paper that could be easily adjusted.
And it was of Liscor. Olesm saw the city laid out perfectly in the blueprints. And then—he saw the new part of the city. What could be. But only for a moment.
Because the map began to glow. Hexel slithered back.
“[Ambition Visualized]. I do not have time to waste either, Councilmember. Allow me to present my view of Liscor.”
From the table rose the city. Olesm saw buildings and streets, devoid of people but beautifully detailed, as if drawn from above. The Council sat back as the [Architect] briskly pointed and another of his assistants moved around the table.
“Observe. This is the city you requested, Councilmembers. A third of the city from the expansion point—here—with a focus on high-occupancy residential housing. I have already surveyed the city, or rather, one of my apprentices did last night. I note you’ve leased certain areas, and I can work around that. But this is the Liscor you asked me to design.”
It was beautiful. The city seamlessly expanded, the original western wall falling away to make Liscor wider. Olesm saw two parks, organized streets to prevent traffic jams from travel, even—as the map rose higher—an expanded network of the sewers!
“Dead gods.”
Alonna was impressed. The rest of the Council, even Tismel and Zalaiss, murmured in clear approval. This Liscor looked like the old one, which was, of course, what you wanted to see. It was just larger.
