7.23 LM
Page 15
“Oh, I have some more notes on the city’s defenses. Give me one second and I’ll fetch them.”
The young Drake’s voice made everyone turn to look at him. Olesm had nearly been forgotten amid the talk. He had nearly reached a meat pie, one of the last ones left. Krshia blinked at him.
“Olesm? But what about Hexel’s bodyguards?”
The [Strategist] paused.
“I—can send a letter to Watch Captain Zevara. But as Liscor’s [Strategist]—”
He hesitated. The Council was looking at him. Lism, his uncle, looked kindly at Olesm. But even his eyes flickered to Hexel.
“Well, we have Grand Strategist Chaldion meeting with us later today. You should voice your opinions then, Olesm. Yes, but I think making Architect Hexel as comfortable as possible is most important. Tell Watch Captain Zevara to send her best. At least one Senior Guardsman. We’ll call for you if Architect Hexel has any questions. And for that meeting with the other cities.”
Olesm’s heart sank through his stomach and out his tail. He opened his mouth. He was the [Strategist], though! The old Council would never have sent him packing. But they let him do everything. This one?
He should stay. The Drake opened his mouth to insist—
And found himself hurrying towards the door.
“I’ll uh, send the [Bodyguards] here later.”
He muttered as he closed the door. The Council didn’t take any notice. They were talking to Hexel and the Lamia, in his element, was answering back, making his apprentices run about.
Olesm stared at the closed doors. But he had run this city with Zevara. He had—
He had lost it, hadn’t he? The Council didn’t need him because they were competent. And Olesm had lost Erin’s friendship. He’d lost…
The Drake turned and walked down the hallway. He passed Councilmember Tismel. The Drake fled from behind the potted plant.
“Don’t you dare throw me out the window again!”
Again? Olesm was too, suddenly, woebegone to even notice that. He walked out of the City Hall.
They’d be talking to Grand Strategist Chaldion later today. And the other leaders of the Walled Cities. The [High Strategist] of Liscor’s army. Of course he wasn’t necessary.
When had it all gone so wrong? Olesm had become a [Strategist]. Ilvriss had called him a prodigy. He had the attention of Niers Astoragon—Olesm still wore the Ring of Sight.
But what had happened?
He had sided against Erin, that was what had happened. And the chess magazines had ceased. The Drake had begun hiding from the Mage’s Guild and the City Runners who sent letters demanding to know when the next magazine episode was coming out. Because how could he run it without her?
Olesm had found his job was more…mundane. He’d made a mistake. And suddenly, the whirlwind of events that had spun around Erin ceased to include him. Because she had made him.
And without her?
A little blue errand-bug scurried out of City Hall. It went to the Watch House and Zevara agreed to assign Beilmark and five other Gnolls and Humans to security. Then the blue insect walked outside.
And Olesm realized he was hungry. He hadn’t even had breakfast. And since…he wasn’t needed, he walked back towards Market Street to go buy some. Not The Wandering Inn. After all—
He was just another customer there.
 
—-
 
Part of it was depression. Self-hatred. Lack of confidence. A Drake louse scurried into the market.
Another part of it was anger. Frustration. Uncertainty. A sense of—weakness, coupled with a problem she didn’t want to have. Erin Solstice threw up her hands as she tried to argue with Montressa, tell the other people from Earth to shut up—and failed to get the irony in that.
