7.24
Page 32
Fierre scoffed as she shadowed the two. She could do that. Grumpily, she watched Alber and Ryoka find an open space. The [Fistfighter] went through a boxer’s workout he and Ryoka had worked on as Ryoka lifted some training mitts she’d had made. Alber punched as Ryoka set up the mitts. He panted after he took a break.
“I’m feeling—faster. Your theory and the punches—I’m leveling. I’ve been running too. It really helps. I wouldn’t have had the—endurance to take on all six a month ago.”
“Hey, that’s great. Okay, see the range of the hook? Like—that—fuck.”
Ryoka saw the hook coming and braced. But the impact still blew her hand wide. She shook her mitt out as Alber stopped.
“You okay?”
“Yeah. You just punch like someone twice your weight.”
Ryoka looked at Alber. He would have been around the featherweight class—if he made the effort to hit the weight limit. As it was, he was probably around…super welterweight? Still, very light.
But he punched fast and like someone in the heaviest weight classes. That wasn’t a joke, either. Alber had [Fists of Iron] and he was leveling since working with Ryoka. She shivered. Someone who moved as fast as Alber and punched as hard as a heavyweight shouldn’t exist. Even if he didn’t have a sword, he was as dangerous as any [Warrior].
“You could light me up in a second.”
Alber shook his head as he set up for another hook and Ryoka held the mitts up.
“You’re pretty good yourself. If you had my class—”
“Pass. I’m not that good at fighting. I used to think I was good—until I picked a fight with a Minotaur.”
“Huh. They’re good fighters. Beat one, once. I’ve lost to…thirty eight, though. Mostly on ports. Used to work around First Landing.”
“You were at First Landing?”
Fierre glanced up from imitating one of Alber’s punches. She could copy him—but Ryoka refused to let her try sparring. She’d nearly broken Ryoka’s wrist once. Alber shrugged. Not a big deal. He was like that in everything but his passion.
“Yup. It’s good money, but there are too many high-level clients. I couldn’t take the heat. Plus, it’s too expensive. I’ll head north once I hit Level 30. If I’d known how to do half these punches—check my jab?”
“Sure. Give me your best.”
Serafierre watched Ryoka blocking the jabs, calling out to Alber. Then they stood around and commentated on their forms. Is the arm best like this? What if they come at me like—
The Vampire girl was yawning. But this too was one of Ryoka’s passions. She only got interested when Alber tossed a spare set of gloves at Ryoka.
“Let’s spar. Come on. You have to show me some of these techniques.”
The City Runner tried to refuse.
“It’s not a good idea, Alber.”
“I’ll hold back.”
Ryoka hesitated. But a gleam lit up her eyes. Condescension, even kindly, poked at her ego. Fierre grinned from the shadows as she saw Ryoka put on the gloves.
“You don’t need to hold back that much. Okay. Three rounds. Don’t break my jaw. I’ll show you a new trick. It’s not legal if we were in a more—organized fight, but—”
Alber and Fierre gave Ryoka a searching look. She sometimes did that. Ryoka would hint at…something. Fierre itched, trying to put that piece together. She was an Opener, an information broker, with fingers in a lot of pies in the underworld. But she had no idea where Ryoka was really from. Her best guess was—Terandria. Or a utopia. Perhaps Khelt. But Ryoka was cagey and refused to answer anything directly.
At any rate, the sparring match was short. Fierre watched as Ryoka and Alber went at it.
