7.24
Page 14
Then he looked up. Hethon was beaming—but the smile fell away as he looked at his stern father, face unchanged. He was hesitating, checking himself.
“You did use a Skill. I got lucky.”
“No. It wasn’t luck.”
Tyrion Veltras looked at his son. He tried to smile. But it wasn’t what he did. He looked at Hethon.
He didn’t have his mother’s eyes. He had Tyrion’s father’s eyes. A more angular nose, softer features. He didn’t look like Salva. Or Tyrion.
But here was Tyrion’s son. The [Lord] reached out, and offered Hethon the little wooden hoop.
“Very well done, Hethon. You may have hidden talent as a lancer. Exemplary work.”
That was what he would have said to a [Soldier]. It wasn’t enough. But Hethon’s eyes lit up because even that was more than he got. He beamed as Ullim came over, waving the hoop.
“Ullim! Did you see? On my first try!”
And Tyrion heard applause. The Veltras folk were applauding the ecstatic young [Lordling]. They were laughing and cheering. Tyrion looked around, surprised.
But Veltras folk loved their [Lords] and [Ladies]. House Veltras had always been custodians of the land, of the forests, of their people. And Tyrion was a poor [Lord] in areas outside of war.
But good enough in other ways.
“Save the ring. It will be a trophy. Replace it on the training dummy.”
Tyrion instructed Ullim as he lifted Hethon out of the saddle. Ullim gave him a mildly exasperated look, as if there had been a question of it going back.
But Hethon was beaming. And he wanted to try tilting again. So up they went in the saddle. And they rode through that summer’s day.
Tyrion Veltras loved being outdoors. Riding, hawking, hunting, even fishing. It was in his blood. He paused, marveling.
“He hit the target six times out of ten. Even without my Skills.”
The [Lord] commented to Ullim. The [Majordomo] was beaming.
“He might have a true talent, sire. His eyes are excellent. I’ll ask the tutors to focus on it in his lessons.”
“I can teach him myself. Assuming I’m here.”
Tyrion hesitated. Already tonight he had to go ride south. Sixty miles along the Vail Forest was an overactive Mothbear clan. Too far for most to ride quickly towards. But Tyrion Veltras could do it in a night with a small escort. He was faster than most law-enforcement and preferred hunting the monsters that attacked his people from the forests.
“I’m sure Lord Hethon would love to learn from a master, if you have the time, sire.”
Ullim was looking at Tyrion hesitantly. The [Lord] thought of his commitments, grimaced.
And then—came to a quick decision.
“I’ll…make time. Tomorrow, at dawn—”
The [Majordomo] shook his head. Tyrion hesitated.
“…Morning?”
He got another look. Ullim was a perfect [Majordomo], not nearly as combative as Ressa or treacherous as the…unfortunate Sidel. But he could still get his point across with a single glance.
“…Late morning?”
“Perhaps before lunch, sire?”
“Fine. Push back my meeting with the [Druids], then. I’ll teach Hethon then.”
“Most excellent, milord.”
Ullim bowed. Tyrion looked around. Hethon was speaking animatedly to a [Stablemaster] who was riding towards him.
With one leg. And one-legged though he might be, but he rode his older mare with a grace Tyrion lacked. The [Lord] paused, then strode towards him.
“Stablemaster Tell. I didn’t think to see you about so soon. Can you ride? Rest, if not. Your work will wait for you.”
His voice was closer to a snap, which made Hethon jump. But Tell Hidam, the [Stablemaster], just grinned.
