7.24
Page 2
But this new Circle was…different. More like the old times. Lady Rie fished out the Thorn of Speaking from some secret compartment on her person.
“The Circle awaits, Lady Ieka. Will you join the Petals of Death?”
Ieka nearly laughed at Rie’s terms for the inner council. Not the petty outside, with all their pretensions at being part of ‘the Circle of Thorns’. But the real movers and shakers. The…scary ones.
She hesitated, and took another sip of her wine.
“Of course. I…hope you will prompt me on what to do?”
Rie gave Ieka a look. Neither one was part of the Petals of Death. But Rie was second only to them—one of their agents. She had the authority to listen, even recommend to the Circle what to do. Ieka was a member of the Thorns of Contempt. Which was—two ranks up from someone who’s just been introduced to the Circle. Powerful. Able to ask for…favors.
Like now. Rie took the carefully-sculpted flower made of glass and magic. She was no [Mage] and probably couldn’t even see the enchantments woven into it. Ieka, as a graduate [Mage], could. It was an old artifact. And one with—requirements. It was a special kind of magic, one that had a tenuous relationship with the law.
Blood magic. Ieka saw Rie delicately run the glass flower down her hand. The razor-sharp thorns opened her skin in a moment. She made a sound; her blood ran across the glass rose.
And the blood twisted and changed. Ieka saw it seeping into the rose; confirming Rie’s allegiance. Opening a…gateway. Albeit for sound alone. And she heard a voice.
“Traitor.”
Ieka and Rie froze. But the voice wasn’t directed towards them. It was…male. More than that Ieka couldn’t tell; the spell scrambled the voice’s intonations, tone, made it flat, dispassionate.
“Magnolia Reinhart has betrayed the North. She has gone to the Drakes. It is beyond time to deal with her. She must be—removed.”
The time was one week ago. Only a few days since Magnolia Reinhart’s dramatic entry to Liscor. Then—now—Lady Ieka felt the same boiling hatred towards Magnolia she always did.
But the speaker on the other end was dispassionate. So were the other voices. There were only…six. No, seven? Rie and Ieka listened, holding their tongues. There might be many agents of the Petals of Death. But only a select few were members.
“Magnolia Reinhart is an asset. She is a high-level [Lady]. We do not kill assets, even problematic ones. She fought the Antinium twice.”
“And she has compromised herself.”
A flat, female voice. It could have been anyone. Any [Lady] in Izril; entry to the Petals of Death wasn’t based on sheer power, or Ieka would have been one already. It was loyalty. Commitment to the Circle.
They had changed from the organization of squabbling nobles Ieka remembered a decade ago. This Circle did things.
Even if the Assassin’s Guild was somewhat inefficient as a tool, they’d stolen it back from Magnolia. Murdered some of her fellow [Ladies]. In cold blood; that had bothered Ieka. But better to have the vipers on your side than against. Now, the Petals spoke over one another.
“She is no longer an asset to the North. Clearly—she intends to ally with the Drakes. Her arrival at Liscor and Pallass exemplified that fact.”
“She may still be within reason. Killing her weakens us. And the Drakes and Antinium are a pressing threat. We could approach her.”
“Magnolia Reinhart is our enemy. She does not bend. Not on this. Removal is more expedient.”
“But we guard the North. If she is removed—who will guard her lands?”
