7.24
Page 33
It was a fairly good match if Alber held back a bit. He could indeed punch far harder than Ryoka, but she was quick and had done this before. They went back and forth, exchanging punches, keeping their guards up.
At first they stopped when one of them saw something interesting, like Alber noting how useful the hook was as a block. But then Ryoka punched him straight through a gap in his guard. Alber’s head rocked back as Fierre laughed, and they got a bit more—competitive.
“Oh shit.”
Ryoka hadn’t made a mouth guard yet, so she was grateful to Alber for avoiding her head. But after her shot to his face, he came for her.
[Ten Second Rush]. She knew the Skill and saw him coming at her. Ryoka put up her guard, but the punches began backing her up hard. She hit a rope in the little ring they’d set up and swore internally. Then Alber threw a punch and caught her in the side.
Ryoka’s guard went down. She felt one punch land straight on her solar plexus and felt everything go out of her. Another fist went for her face—
Alber stopped the punch. Panting. The [Fistfighter] caught Ryoka before she stumbled.
“Sorry. Got carried away.”
“Told you—you could get me. Nice rush.”
Ryoka panted. She saw Fierre watching her anxiously. She waved a hand.
“You done?”
“One more round. Let me try the trick. You’re going to like this.”
Alber nodded. He reset himself. Ryoka, wincing, thanked the stars she hadn’t been hit on her liver—and that Alber wasn’t punching as hard as he could. And he still couldn’t beat Gold-ranks?
“Ready?”
“Ready.”
“Ding!”
Fierre slapped the wall. The two shot towards each other. This time Ryoka came in fast. Alber had learned modern boxing theory well and he was practicing infighting. In that he would now stick to his opponents like glue until they wanted to die. Not that he hadn’t been good already, but boxing theory from Ryoka’s world had made him even more dangerous.
And they had lots of tricks. And this wasn’t boxing so much as fistfighting. Which meant—Ryoka jabbed twice, watching Alber’s guard go up. Then—she took a chance. She spun—and her body flashed around.
Her backhand caught the tip of Alber’s chin as he jumped back. He wobbled, but Ryoka had missed. Alber swore, lowered his guard.
“What was that?”
“Spinning backhand.”
Completely illegal in a boxing match due to the spin. But since this wasn’t boxing, Alber could go for it. He watched as Ryoka demonstrated.
“Spinning kick, spinning backhand—you just love to twirl about, don’t you?”
Fierre commentated from the side. Ryoka and Alber both gave her looks of mild wrath.
“It’s a good surprise move. And it could lay Alber out. Like I said, if we were just going pure boxing…”
“I get it. Let me try it, though.”
Ryoka put up her gloves. Alber spun—missed completely. Fierre laughed herself off the barrel she’d been sitting on.
Sometimes Ryoka got the impression Fierre didn’t quite like Alber. And Alber was distinctly…polite to Fierre. They were distant.
But Alber was a new friend. Since the events with the Earthers at Magnolia’s mansion, in fact. He loved only one thing, which was boxing, or his version of it. But Ryoka was happy with that.
“Good workout.”
She wiped sweat from her brow. Alber nodded.
“I’ll let you know how the hook goes. And the spinning. I’ll try it out.”
He was all warmed up and ready to beat down some poor travellers who thought they could knock Alber down. Ryoka felt sorry for them.
She sighed, shaking out her limbs. Fierre slipped off her barrel. She avoided a patch of sun as she stuck to the sides of Madain’s inn.
“You free?”
