7.24
Page 37
“It’s a Runner’s life. I told Fierre—my friend. But how do you bring that up?”
Ryoka shrugged awkwardly. Lupp laughed.
“Not so easy. Now, me, I’ll listen and say anything. Corn don’t judge or talk back. When it does—I’ll finally have gone crazy as a crow. And since then?”
“Oh—I haven’t seen Charlay. But I’ve sent her two [Messages] and we’re going to meet soon. Runners always do. I’m mostly based around Reizmelt. Did I tell you about that group of—young people I met?”
“About a month back? You looked as if you’d been gnawed on by rats. How’s they doing?”
“Good. I hope. They’re around Invrisil, but they stopped sending me [Messages]. I want to check on them…but…nah, I’ll wait. They’re probably just seeing the sights.”
The young Asian woman sighed. They were a constant worry, but she couldn’t hold their hands forever. Nor was she willing to travel with them at a snail’s pace; she could have funded them to go by overnight carriage, the fastest travel. But they didn’t deserve that much gold.
“It’s all good, Lupp. Played with those kids. You should see them racing about with those sails. Teaching my friend, Alber, boxing.”
“No bad days?”
The City Runner paused. She smiled at Lupp.
“Not recently. How about you?”
The [Farmer] smiled as well. He looked thoughtfully at his worn dining room.
“They come and go. Dark days. The gold doesn’t help that. It glitters, but that’s a poor light when the shadows come crawling. Like you said.”
Ryoka had nothing to say to that. Lupp was the realest person she knew. Like an inverse Erin. A tired old man at times, who knew those dark days for what they were.
So. Perhaps it was why she had come here. Because Farmer Lupp looked at Ryoka Griffin, smiling as she sat with him, being friendly. And he put words through her chest like an arrow through the crows he shot.
“Pardon me, Ryoka. But if I’m being honest, it seems like you’re lying to me about those bad days.”
The young woman stirred. She looked up at Lupp and smiled. It wasn’t hard. She’d learned to smile, to be sociable to people. To be…a person rather than the detached, moody City Runner.
“No. I really haven’t had a bad day.”
The [Farmer] mulled this over, unconvinced.
“Maybe not a bad one, then. But you look miserable.”
“What?”
Ryoka blinked a few times. She’d been smiling all day. But she looked at Lupp and realized. Perhaps—that wasn’t a smile.
Lupp wasn’t smiling. He’d smiled a few times, from seeing Ryoka, while she ate his corn—sparingly. Even though he was enjoying her company. That was a smile, when it came out unasked for, completely genuine.
Hers was artificial. A social thing. Ryoka saw Lupp sit back, fumble for his cup. He poured some gin.
“Begging your pardon, Ryoka. I could be wrong. But I knew a fellow [Farmer] who I used to chat to—way back, oh, twenty years. Used to be closer. Just down the road.”
“I never saw…”
“His farm’s all overgrown. Nothing left. Rhir’s hell, I dug up some of his stones for my fence. Old history. Point was—there was a time I would talk to him. After one of them bad winters. He smiled like that.”
Lupp took a gulp. Ryoka sat there, listening to his story.
“I’d ask about the crops, and so forth. And how he was doing what with it being dreadfully hard and all. Tightening our belts. And he’d smile and say it was all going to be okay.”
“And?”
Her face was shadowed. Lupp looked at Ryoka.
“That was all. You don’t meddle in a man’s business more than that. Can’t. So we’d just talk now and then. Until the day I came to his farm and it was empty. I checked all around. And—”
“He hanged himself?”
