7.24
Page 18
Tyrion Veltras felt it too. Such a beautiful day. He looked back at his son once.
But Hethon—was more of a stranger. A stranger who understood how his father worked. And Sammial? Not at all. And Tyrion didn’t understand him at all.
Ullim was a poor mother. Jericha was only Jericha. The boys lacked a mother. And Tyrion—preferred killing monsters to raising sons. One of those he was good at. One of those he could make a difference in doing.
The [Lord] rode away. He understood children not at all. He understood women only a bit more. But he had a duty. To some, he was a monster. To others, a symbol of humanity, at least on Izril.
The undeniable truth to all though was that Tyrion Veltras was just a man.
…Who was pretty bad with kids.
 
—-
 
Yes, A Week Ago.
 
At the exact same time, someone screamed. Happily. A little Drake girl pointed as every head turned. The children sitting around a table went wide-eyed. Then—an [Innkeeper] leapt out of the kitchen.
“Happy Birthday, Mrsha!”
Erin Solstice carefully waved the cake over her head and danced about. The children went crazy. Visma’s jaw fell open as Erin Solstice brought over the carefully-frosted chocolate cake to the table and put it down. Behind her came Bird holding a cold tub of strawberry ice cream.
“I have brought the ice of cream. Please, celebrate me.”
It was unnecessary instructions. The children were going nuts. Ekirra was practically vibrating out of his chair.
“Hold on! Hold on! No grabbing! Remember, I said there’s an order to this? See the candles? We have to sing the song! Alright, everyone! Happy birthday…”
Erin began singing. The children and adults blinked, and then began trying to copy her. It was…about as bad as most renditions of happy birthday songs. In that—the bar was low enough that even untrained singers who didn’t know the words couldn’t lower it much further.
“Okay! Now blow out the candles, Mrsha! Try to get them all in one go. That’s good luck. I think.”
The little Gnoll bouncing in her seat with an imitation party-hat on her head eagerly blew. The candles winked out. Erin cheered and people copied her.
“Good job! Oh, shoot! Make a wish! I mean, you should already have made a wish. But don’t tell anyone what it was!”
She put a finger to Mrsha’s mouth. The Gnoll’s eyes went round and she closed her eyes, concentrating hard.
“…Dude. Do you think they actually think the wishes come true? This is nuts. How do they not have birthdays?”
At a distant table, Kevin looked at the others. Rose sighed.
“Kevin. They have birthdays. Just not cake.”
“But the wishes…okay. Do we get cake?”
“Everyone gets cake! Who wants cake? And ice cream? You can have both!”
The Wandering Inn was filled with hands. And Erin Solstice, beaming, began slicing the cake up into pieces. It was a special day, as the cake and bits of ice cream went around the room. Gnolls and Drakes and yes, a few other species, ate happily.
There was a pile of gifts on one table. Erin was beaming as Lyonette gave Mrsha a little hug with the first slice of cake and ice cream she was doling out.
It was Mrsha’s birthday.
…And that was it. Mrsha’s birthday.
Nothing else. No grand events in The Wandering Inn. No confluence of events—well—only a few—
But primarily, just a birthday for a special little Gnoll girl who savored her first bite of strawberry ice cream and chocolate cake.
It was perfect. But she knew it would be, because she’d helped decide which flavor cake and ice cream to make. It had been a hard choice. But she was happy with this over lemon, vanilla, lime, carrot, mint, or the other inferior flavors.
