7.24
Page 21
“I’m not super early, but Gnoll cubs do grow fast. Yes, about…two months into? Progressing very fast. Isn’t it…six months if it’s a Gnoll? That’s what my [Wet Nurse] tells me, but Pallass doesn’t have as many Gnolls as…”
“Yes, yes. Six months. I don’t know how Humans and Drakes manage nine—well, it can be ten for Drakes. And Centaurs? Have you even heard…? You used a fertility spell, obviously?”
“Tweaked to allow cross-species pregnancies. Yes, I bought it from Wistram and they’re very reliable. It was almost the first night. Well, I say, almost, but…”
Lasica and Ekirra’s mother began gossiping. Rufelt and Evink shifted uncomfortably. Rufelt looked around at the other parents.
“So—you are all friends of Mrsha’s, yes?”
“We—Ekirra knows Mrsha. They play together. And we were happy to attend this, ‘birthday celebration’. But we had no idea it would be…”
Evink waved a paw around weakly. Rufelt nodded. It was—something. The Wandering Inn could shock the uninitiated. And today?
“Hey! Do I know you?”
Saliss of Lights, Named Adventurer of Pallass, imposter in his body at times, and famous [Alchemist], stared at a table with two people sitting together. He was passing by with a pair of drinks for his table with a very sulky Xif.
He was also almost completely naked. And yes, in front of the kids. To make up for that, Saliss had consented to wearing a tiny little box around his groinal region. But only that.
Grimalkin of Pallass didn’t blink twice at Saliss. He just sighed. Lady Pryde Ulta however, stared at the box. She stared at Saliss.
“I am here to observe.”
“Oh, well feel free.”
Saliss posed. Pryde stared at the box. She stared at Saliss.
“Why are you here?”
“I could ask you the same thing. I’m here because this party needed class. My class. [Alchemist]. I thought you were banned.”
Saliss winked at Pryde. Grimalkin sighed.
“We’re speaking on weight-lifting issues. Lady Pryde Ulta…refused to go.”
“The [Innkeeper] is free to try to remove me. If she wants to start a fight.”
Pryde ignored the glares she was getting from around the room. There was no Xrn or Klbkch—which was a small mercy—but Erin Solstice herself had not been happy about Pryde.
True to her nature, the [Lady of Pride] had refused to go and even insisted on being served cake. Which she would get.
“Lyonette! Hurry up and spike that cake with the hot peppers and stuff! The death-peppers for that Pryde-jerk!”
Erin hissed at Lyonette as she kept serving cake. The [Princess] frowned as she scooped more ice cream and stared at the plate Erin was pointing at.
“That one? But I already gave you the hot-pepper one for Lady Pryde…”
She and Erin looked at each other. Erin Solstice paled.
“Uh oh—”
“Oh dead gods, it’s hot! Ancestors!”
A shout came up from Keldrass’ table. One of his teammates was screaming in agony. Keldrass and the other Drakes clustered around with Bevussa.
“It’s not hot, it’s cold! You breathe fire, you idiot! Suck it up!”
Keldrass bellowed at the Drake. Erin slowly edged over. But Palt smoothly flicked a finger and the plate with the deadly cake and ice cream vanished. The [Illusionist] winked at Erin.
“It’s in the kitchen. If you want to pull a prank, you might as well ask an expert. Here’s a hint: don’t use too many spices or that [Lady] will think you’re trying to assassinate her. She’s got to have at least one ring enchanted against poison.”
She turned red. Lyonette breathed a sigh of relief and all was well—except for the stricken Drake. She was begging for water as her uncomprehending comrades mocked her.
“This cake is good.”
