7.24
Page 30
The children complained. But they obediently began packing up. Ryoka was exhausted. Kids made her so tired. Still—she’d entertained them three times this week. She might have kept them entertained, but the injury with the cart and the boy’s foot had rattled her.
She had a…thing about legs being run over. Ryoka shook her head. She turned, as a slim, short figure materialized out of a shadow.
“Done playing?”
Pointed teeth grinned at her. Red eyes fixed on Ryoka’s face. The City Runner wiped some sweat from her forehead.
“That would be a lot creepier if you were a tall, old man. With a cape.”
She looked down at Fierre, who was a good head shorter than Ryoka. Well—Fierre was a bit short for the average woman’s height. She looked a lot younger than she was, which was twenty five. More like she was sixteen. And she was pale, covered in dark clothing—not exactly imposing.
“Is that what you think a proper Vampire is?”
The Vampire girl had to look around before whispering at Ryoka. The City Runner grinned. Fierre was no Nosferatu, or Dracula. The two whispered as they went down the street, a soothing wind blowing at their backs.
“No. I mean, yes, I do imagine that sometimes. But I just meant if you were an old man watching me in the shadows, you’d be scarier, Vampire or not.”
“Fair point. Although if it happened to me, I’d call that ‘lunch’.”
The two laughed merrily. The joke was that Fierre didn’t drink Human blood and wouldn’t ever call attention to herself that way—although she could probably turn any casual would-be assaulter into paste.
“You know, there was this…legend of a you-know-what who hunted other you-know-who’s. He called himself Alucard. It was a great show—er—I mean, story.”
Ryoka stumbled over her words as she tried to describe a crossbow-wielding Vampire. Fierre wasn’t impressed.
“Arrows are easy to dodge. Old Bamer once shot a bow at me for training and I could dodge the arrows.”
How about bullets, then? But Ryoka didn’t say that.
“How about that V—”
She bit back the word as they passed by an old [Alchemist], Miss Kelysta. The woman called out to them.
“Oh, Fierre! We have more of those damned herbs to grind. It’s nasty, so wear your mask! And Miss Griffin, I have a delivery going by way of Invrisil. If you could get it started, I’ll be so obliged.”
“Yes, Miss Kelysta! I’ll be there tonight.”
“I’ll see about the delivery. No promises.”
The two young women called out to the [Alchemist]. Then they turned back to their conversation. Ryoka whispered.
“The half-Vampire with the sword?”
“You’re making that up. There’s no such thing as half-us. And why does he go around hunting other Vampires?”
“Uh—just the evil ones?”
Fierre considered it. She screwed up her face in thought.
“…Maybe. I doubt the half-Vampire story is real. But Old Bamer would know more. As for powers? Shapeshifting, regeneration—I totally believe that. Turning into—what did you say? A mass of monsters? That sounds like really old powers.”
“But it could happen?”
Awesome. Ryoka’s inner imagination was going wild. Awesome and terrifying. Fierre shrugged.
“It’s definitely not something any of us today can do. But the legends talk about…really impressive stuff. I’ll ask when I go home. Bamer or my mother would know. They love talking about the old times.”
“What about your father?”
That would be Himilt val Lischelle-Drakle. He was the most ‘Vampire’ of all Fierre’s family, for all her mother spoke vith the accvent and put on airs. But Himilt, a humble farmer and shepherd though he might be, made Ryoka feel as though he was just pretending to be normal.
