7.24
Page 0

(Volume 2 of The Wandering Inn is now available for preorder on Audible!)
 
 
One Week Ago.
 
If you got the invitation, well, that wasn’t anything special. If you attended—that meant something. But not much. If attendance was a sign of complicity, then at least a quarter of Izril’s nobility were guilty.
But they weren’t. And dangerous as being publically known to be a member of the Circle of Thorns was—there were levels of commitment.
Most nobles got an invitation from someone connected to the circle. And some had been part of the circle in decades past. For, you see, the Circle of Thorns was not new.
It was as old as the Five Families. As old as the flowers of Izril, and their millennia-old conquest of Izril. The Circle of Thorns was a reaction to the power of the Five Families.
Few members of the Five Families ever joined the Circle of Thorns. Yet individuals were invited, and the Circle didn’t necessarily hate the Five Families. Indeed, they had been known to move on behalf of the Five Families.
The Circle of Thorns was…a sign of objection. It was made of the nobility. ‘Lesser’ nobility, which included the likes of even Ieka Imariss. Anyone not of the original Five Families. And the Circle—as Lady Ieka understood it—was meant to censure those with too much power.
Who watched the [Watchman]? Well…everyone. [Thieves], busybodies wanting to make sure they were being protected, fellow [Watchmen], his superiors, bored children, rabbits…the list went on and on.
Who watched the nobility? Again, everyone. But who could hold them to account? So very few. Peasants? Hah. That was what War Golems were for, or private armies. Adventurers? Hardly likely. They were the labor.
Izril had no monarchs. Or at least—it was famous for not having any. No [Kings], no [Emperors], no [Tyrants]. That was why the Five Families had colonized Izril. To get away from all that.
But that meant a [Lord] was a class second to none. And to keep a powerful one in check like…Magnolia Reinhart, there had to be a group. A secret group.
The Circle of Thorns.
“In the past, the Circle was more public. It was a symbol of opposition, even a political group. Only in the last few hundred years has it become more…secretive.”
Lady Ieka was hosting Lady Rie Valerund at her very comfortable mansion. Lady Rie inhaled as the cool, magically-chilled air kept out the summer’s heat.
They were finally back at Ieka’s estates. It had taken some time for Ieka to return after the business with the Stitch Witch. She didn’t have a magical coach.
Well—she had several, but none as fast as Magnolia. For anyone but Magnolia Reinhart, Tyrion Veltras, and a few others, travelling across Izril was a journey that took weeks. And Ieka was glad to be home.
The [Lady] Imarris reclined in a chair made out of Deguree Rabbits. Just…the rabbits. From their pelts to the cotton on their tail. It was stuffed with the oversized tails of the Deguree Rabbit, rumored to be one of the softest substances on in the world. And it felt wonderful. Ieka sighed as Rie accepted a cup of wine and sipped.
“Pardon me, Ieka, but I don’t see the point of history. I am aware of the Circle’s history.”
Lady Rie was…objectionable. Ieka opened one eye, annoyed. Rie Valerund, a lesser [Lady] whose family had been all but erased during the Goblin King’s rampage and the Sacrifice of Roses—was distinctly below Lady Ieka’s richness, prosperous lands, and magical ability as a [Mage Lady].
But they were both members of the Circle of Thorns. And irksomely—Lady Rie was higher in rank than Ieka.
