7.24
Page 22
Kevin amiably listened to the screams in the background as he watched the excited children eating. Because that was what this was about. Children. All these other perspectives?
Meaningless. Including Beza and Montressa eagerly listening into the Earther’s conversation. They knew, of course. And they wanted the seven, oh yes. But a few things kept them from grabbing the Earthers.
Politics. Palt being on Erin’s side. The fact that Erin herself was ‘not from Earth’ as far as Wistram knew. Wanting to be on Erin’s good side. Also—Erin threatening to send Saliss, Relc, and every Gold-rank team she knew after them if they tried a kidnapping.
“I need a drink. Can we do a chocolate liquor? I think—I need it.”
Joseph stared at his shaking hand. He considered that he might…might have a problem. Rose ignored him.
“They are so. Cute.”
She pointed at Mrsha. The Gnoll cub, who was fluffy, white-furred, and yes, very cute, had a birthday hat on her head. Conical, decorated with silver-painted stars. And she was busy licking a bit of frosting off Visma’s cheek.
“I’m going to die. Where’s my iPhone? Ryoka has to get it back to us.”
The others agreed. Mrsha was cute. Another Gnoll who’d been invited trying to lick ice cream off of his nose was also cute.
Too much of the cutes.
“Write that down, write that down! We know this Ryoka exists. And she has all their devices?”
Montressa nudged Beza as they scribbled. The Minotauress [Spellscribe] was actually able to take down all the voices as they were happening; she wrote faster than they spoke.
“Ice cream? Who am I missing? Sit down, Relc!”
“Here! If you please!”
Wesle rose and gave an exaggerated bow. Erin laughed and hurried over. He and Griffon Hunt were sitting together. Halrac refused his cake.
“I’ll have a Minotaur’s Punch.”
“Halrac! Not even one slice? Okay, then. How’s some onion rings? Yes? Yes? Am I hearing a yes?”
“…Yes.”
“Okay! Great! Imani! One order of—oh, I’m sorry!”
Erin saw a girl flinch from the kitchen. Imani, who was helping serve food mainly by getting the required dishes, was all flinch. Erin hurried over to apologize. Imani was in her good books. She felt really bad for Imani.
The others? Leon and Troy were arguing.
“Look, it’s not bestiality. That’s only from our world. I’m not a furry. You’re not a furry—”
“Well, hold on. I just said that—”
Erin nearly walked into a wall and into the Garden of Sanctuary. She had problems. But for today at least—
“Is everything good over here? Sorry, I can chat after the rush calms down.”
“Hello, yes. Thank you for the…cake?”
The [Princess], Lyonette, paused in front of Maviola’s table. The [Lady] smiled up at her. And next to her, Olesm’s cheeks were bulging. From onion rings. They were a new hit.
“This is so good. Thanks for having us.”
It was two days after Maviola and Olesm had entered into a meeting of the minds. Also, Maviola had moved into Olesm’s apartment. For now.
The Liscorian Gazette was circulating the city and of course it was doing well. Bird happily sat in front of a crowd of awed Antinium including Pawn.
“Olesm asked me to write about Birds. And so I did. I have many opinions. You too may be part of the newspaper. But not my section. Olesm will add more sections, but my section is for me.”
So many perspectives. All tying together, like the Gentlemen Callers, who had decided today was not the day for a covert investigation, as it were. But they didn’t matter.
Because it was the children who mattered. Mrsha most of all.
“Okay! We have cake! We’ll open presents later! But we get to play today! Who wants to play?”
