7.24
Page 12
“That is more complex. That ties into my battles against the Drakes. They are our enemies. Our house has long opposed them. They make war with us, Humans, each year. They sent saboteurs, infiltrators against us. We are never at peace.”
Hethon nodded dutifully. Tyrion went on.
“However, that is a longstanding grudge between our species. I would be…less inclined to make war otherwise. The north has its own issues. However. My duty towards my family comes first. They killed your mother. For that alone, I should drown Izril in Drake blood.”
He said it so calmly, unlike whenever he had to talk sensibly to Hethon—let alone Sammial. That was easy. And it all made sense, like when his father had explained it to him.
But Hethon just gave Tyrion a blank look.
“I know, father. But why attack Liscor?”
The [Lord] hesitated. He leaned down and blinked a few times at his son.
“Because they killed Salva, Hethon. Was that not clear?”
“No. I mean, yes. It was. But what did Liscor do?”
“They’re a staging ground. Liscor is difficult to take and it makes establishing a foothold impossible so long as they exist. They can be reinforced quickly—but for the Antinium, they used to be impregnable. If you couldn’t take the city in a week, the Walled Cities would have an army of three hundred thousand marching on Liscor. If we’d taken it, we’d be poised to venture further south…”
Hethon was nodding impatiently as Tyrion’s mind spun across what would have been but for Magnolia. His blood still boiled, thinking of her. Then his son raised one hand as Gelden trotted back towards Ullim.
“But father. What did the people of Liscor do? They didn’t kill mother. Why do they have to die?”
The [Lord] halted. Gelden pulled up. Hethon looked at his father. Tyrion Veltras hesitated. His talk with his father, which had been so clear and reassuring—had not gone like this.
At last, he answered.
“Nothing, Hethon. I doubt very much they were part of the plot to kill Salva—kill your mother. That was one of the Walled Cities. Manus.”
His fist clenched on his reins. Hethon looked at his father, uncertainly.
“Then why did Liscor have to fall?”
“Because they stand with our enemies, Hethon Veltras. It is not an honorable thing to say. But [Lords] are not [Knights]. I would have…spared the civilians if they surrendered. But a [Lord] is seldom kind. Do you…understand that?”
Tyrion Veltras looked down at his son. Hethon looked gravely up at him.
“I think I do, father.”
“Good.”
The [Lord] reached down. He clasped Hethon’s shoulder. He’d seen Pellmia do that with his boy a few times. Hethon smiled.
Not like Tyrion at all. But somehow—Tyrion felt as though the talk had been as productive as he had once had with his father. He found himself smiling again.
“Lord Veltras. We have Hethon’s mare ready, if you two would like to ride—”
Ullim, steadfast Ullim, was already mounted on a destrier and leading a much smaller mare. The old man looked comical on the massive horse. But then—Ullim had ridden with Tyrion’s father in times of war.
“No need.”
Tyrion waved the horse away. Hethon and Ullim blinked, but Tyrion’s son obediently began checking the ground.
“I can jump down—”
“No. You have the practice lance. I’ll show you how to tilt. Unless you don’t want to?”
Tyrion frowned at Hethon. His son looked up, suddenly ecstatic.
“Can I?”
“Of course. Hasn’t Ullim let you…?”
“I’m not that advanced yet.”
“Hrn. Well then. I’ll teach you. Raise your lance, just like I showed you. Ullim! Set up the practice dummies. Rings—all but the magical ones.”
“Yes, sire!”
