7.24
Page 29
None of the parents were even watching their kids being blown about. They were at work, or relaxing, free from the burdens of parenthood. Which was funny. In Liscor, the parents wouldn’t ever have abandoned their kids to the Crazy Human of Liscor’s care, let alone her inn.
But Reizmelt’s parents had let the Wind Runner of Reizmelt take custody of their offspring for a few hours. Despite Ryoka liking kids a lot less than Erin. Perhaps—because Ryoka never took her eyes off the children. Much like a concerned parent, actually.
And she had to. Ryoka pointed.
“Hey you! Don’t you dare throw that.”
A boy froze with a rock in one hand. He was aiming at a girl who’d passed him by on a little hand-made sailcart. He looked challengingly at Ryoka.
“Or what? Whatcha gonna do, Miss Runner?”
He was old enough to backchat adults. And his challenging look made Ryoka want to shout back. Something like—‘Or what? Throw that rock and I’ll shove it into an orifice, you monstrous little shit.’
But you couldn’t shout that at kids. Nor could you play their game. Ryoka folded her arms and thought for a moment as the boy taunted her. Then she smiled evilly.
“I can’t stop you. Go ahead if you really think you’ll be safe. But I’m warning you: you’ll make the wind angry.”
The boy from Reizmelt hesitated. He would have accepted Ryoka’s threat to box his ears or lay him out with a punch as acceptable consequences. But this sounded like a…warning. He narrowed his eyes.
“You’ll just make it do something.”
Ryoka widened her eyes innocently.
“What? Me? No, not me. I don’t control it. I just persuade it to play nice.”
She gestured. The boy felt a swirl of wind tugging at his clothes and the parachute tied to his waist by a rope. He weighed the odds that Ryoka was lying, and then tossed the rock down with a sigh.
Kids. Ryoka sighed. She wasn’t good with them. She jogged after a wailing girl in an overturned cart with a curse, already feeling for her healing potion. This was too dangerous. She never should have agreed to it.
And as Ryoka Griffin attended to the crying girl, healing her scratches with a few drops of healing potion, making her laugh as the wind blew her hair and cautioning her to be careful since the wind wasn’t always nice—she was being watched.
Serafierre val Lischelle-Drakle thought it was funny. She lounged in the shadows of Reizmelt’s wall, a thick hood over her head despite the heat. Ryoka Griffin didn’t understand why kids liked her, or parents trusted her. But she was quite poor at looking at herself. Even worse than Fierre, who didn’t appear in mirrors.
The Vampire girl watched as Ryoka found another kid whose foot was run over by a cart. She checked the foot, picked him up. He clung to her as she bore him back into the city. The children followed her; the wind followed Ryoka.
“I’m really sorry. His foot got run over—I don’t think it’s broken. Just bruised. I put some healing potion on it—”
Ryoka apologized to the parents as the kids played in the street. The wind caught a child about to crash into a wall, blowing him backwards. The parent, a [Carpenter], laughed as she checked her son’s foot.
“He gets worse all the time. Don’t worry about it. Thank the Wind Runner, Thein!”
“Thanks, Miss Runner.”
The boy sniffed. Ryoka awkwardly waved at him. She turned.
“Okay, that’s all for today. One hour’s all I can manage. Scram!”
“Aw!”
