7.24
Page 4
The Petals of Death debated, but agreed. The vote was cast—five to two to reach out to Tyrion Veltras. Ieka listened, spellbound, but with words instead of magic. And then—the Petals spoke.
“Rie Valerund and Ieka Imarris. You listen.”
Ieka jumped. They knew. And they used her name without honorifics. She adjusted her posture, as if they could see her.
“Yes, Honored Petals. I am—”
The Petals of Death ignored her.
“Valerund. Is this [Emperor] Godart an ally or not?”
Ieka’s mouth snapped shut. Rie, calm as ever, replied.
“I believe so. I am working on him. But I have exposed none of our plans. He is—a singularly unique individual. I do not know where he hails from, or how he knows what he does. But I believe I am in his confidences. Give me time.”
“We run short on time. Investigate. Make him an offer. If he is unwilling to be an ally—settle it yourself.”
Rie hesitated. But Ieka saw her gaze flicker.
“Yes. It will be done.”
The Petals of Death murmured. Two asked for plans of the trebuchets—Rie didn’t have them. They ordered her to retrieve them regardless of this [Emperor]’s death or not.
More power to the Circle. The conversation ended abruptly, voices ceasing to speak. Rie and Ieka sat there until the last was gone. And Ieka Imarris wondered.
The Circle of Thorn was dangerous. They killed without hesitation. This was like the same group that had slain Suvelta. Or—trying to be. Ieka had her doubts.
There were many groups in Izril among the nobility. And the Circle, powerful and old though they may be, weren’t the only ones. Ieka saw Rie straighten after the call ended. And Ieka, smiling, gestured towards her.
“Well, it seems we have our orders. None for me, but I am—delighted to aid you in any way you need, Rie. Simply let me know. As for myself—I will wait for the Circle’s orders. May I offer you refreshments? Rest? Or will you return to this, ah, Unseen Empire, at once?”
Rie smiled like a viper in Ieka’s parlor, and the [Mage Lady] shivered.
“I will return forthwith, Ieka. If you would be so gracious.”
“Of course. And please—as I said, anything to help you.”
Ieka stood. A bit unsteady with how much wine she’d imbibed. But Sidel swept back in. And Rie smiled at her.
Sidel, that was. The [Maid] smiled uncertainly back. Rie, that low-level [Lady], that…agent of the Circle of Thorns, looked at Ieka.
“The Circle appreciates your commitment, Ieka. However—we would prefer you quit your cabal with the other [Ladies] under your association. Ladies Bedai and Therris have refused our offers. We would appreciate you bringing them into our folds. Rather than your own personal mage-circle.”
Ieka froze, choking on her mouthful of wine. How did they know about—? They’d been so secure!
Sidel’s eyes were wide, uncomprehending. She didn’t know about Ieka’s other little circle of…allies. But Rie did. And the Circle was old. Not like Ieka’s alliances. She smiled again.
Like a Demon wearing Human flesh.
“You may also wish to speak to Miss Sidel. As I understand it—she is in the employ of Wistram. Who know your tastes. Well, a number of factions.”
The [Lady] politely indicated Sidel. The [Maid] turned white. She spun to run.
“[Gracious Invitation]. Stay a moment. Lady Ieka surely has words for you.”
Rie pointed. Sidel froze in place. She should have drawn a weapon. [Lady] Skills were too powerful outside of combat. Rie saw Sidel turn, then clasp her hands behind her back and bow.
“I am at Lady Ieka’s disposal, Lady Rie.”
A polite answer to Rie’s Skill. Only Sidel’s wide, rolling eyes betrayed the fear in her. Rie looked at Ieka.
