7.24
Page 19
Especially carrot. Hah! The only person sad about that was Hawk, who was attending with Selys near the back.
Of course, Selys was there. And Rufelt and Lasica. And Moore—of course he had to be there. And the Horns of Hammerad, and Griffon Hunt and Krshia and Elirr and Jasi and Wesle…
So many. It was a kind of event that only the door being in Invrisil could conjure. Somehow—all of Mrsha’s friends, friends of the inn could make it.
Except for Ryoka Griffin of course. But no one had spoken her name today. And Mrsha hadn’t thought of Ryoka. She was too focused on the cake.
“Cake! Cake! Cake! Mom! Mooooom! Look! Cake! Can we take some back?”
Ekirra was drooling over this cake. He waved at his mother, a Gnoll. She was very embarrassed as she waved back. But Erin was laughing merrily.
“Sure! If there’s leftovers! But you can come over and have more, Ekirra!”
“On special occasions!”
Lyonette hurriedly added. But this was the most special of occasions.
“Hello. I am Bird. Check my Bird Reviews section in the Liscorian Gazette. Have some ice cream. It is made of strawberries, not blood. Hello, I am Bird. Would you like some ice cream? I have opinions about birds.”
An Antinium was helping pass out ice cream. At the same time, a Centaur was flicking plates of cake towards Erin with his fingers and levitating them around.
“Enough cake for everyone! Wait, didn’t I serve you twice?”
Palt narrowed his eyes at Relc. The Drake hid a plate behind his back.
“…No. I, uh, inhaled mine. Can I get another?”
“No extra servings, Relc! Except for Moore.”
Erin passed out a huge chunk towards Moore and the Halfseekers. Jelaqua beamed as they received their cake.
“Maughin. Hold on, let me serve you. You’re going to love this.”
She bent over the Dullahans’ head on the table and began to feed him the cake and ice cream. The Dullahan smiled as his body did the same to Jelaqua.
Seborn made a sound like vomiting and moved away from the table. Moore sighed, but he was more beaming with happiness for Mrsha. The Drowned Man moved to another table.
“Sup, Crab-boy?”
“Strongheart.”
Seborn acknowledged Wailant, Viceria, Garia, and Numbtongue and Octavia. It was…a likely group to sit together, really. If you thought about it. The Drowned Man slid into a chair and Wailant laughed.
“This is something, this birthday idea, eh? At sea, we just get the bastard stinking drunk! I’ve heard of birthday gifts, but—”
He eyed the table with presents. It was…a table with presents.
As in, you needed the whole table for all the presents. Not one of those dinky tables either, but a proper, round table that you could eat your dinner off of. And not like ‘oh, you could use a smaller table’.
No. A proper table, for an amount of presents. They had to be heaped up. It was the kind of birthday children across the world dreamed of. Presents.
Because, obviously, Erin had invited everyone. And due to the nature of her guests—a lot of them were rich. There were…over…Wailant had to count.
“Hold up. Halfseekers are 4, Horns make it 8. Griffon Hunt makes it 12—that’s easy. Then you add that Garuda lady—”
“Bevussa. And that’s Keldrass and his team.”
“Right…plus those adventurers there. Silver-rank? Gold?”
“Silvers.”
“So there’s over thirty Gold-rank adventurers here. Plus Saliss of Lights. All who brought presents.”
“Yep.”
Seborn looked at Wailant. Both [Pirates] looked at the table full of presents. It was…tempting them. Mildly.
Severely.
And that was just the adventurers. Hawk shifted as he tried to copy Jelaqua. Selys brushed the fork away from her face.
“I can feed myself, Hawk!”
