7.24
Page 25
The Gnoll opened the package Selys had wrapped and past the colorful paper she saw…a mirror.
A hand mirror, set with beautiful wood, that reflected Mrsha’s face. The Gnoll blinked into it as some of the guests with an eye for quality oohed.
“It’s so—fancy! Wow, Selys.”
Erin blinked at the delicate tracing on the wood; someone had hand-burned lines onto the mirror, giving it a more Gnollish aesthetic without gemstones. But the glass on the mirror was perfect, without flaw, and it was enchanted.
“It’s more than that. Mrsha, I had this trick added. See that little bit of topaz near the top? Touch it.”
Mrsha did. Then she stared at her face in the mirror. A puzzled Mrsha stared back. But the face wasn’t moving.
“I think she broke it. Oh dear.”
Ksmvr commented. Selys laughed. Mrsha waved the mirror, fascinated.
“No—it takes an image of what was reflected, see? Just one. If you touch the topaz again—”
Mrsha saw the mirror begin reflecting normally. She looked up, ecstatic.
“I was also thinking of Mrsha—this way she can show you what she wants. Do you like it, Mrsha? There’s also some fur dyes here—”
There was in fact, fur dyes, little cheap bits of gemstones you could add to your fur and make it sparkly—Gnollish beauty products. Mrsha heard murmuring and Visma stared at the lineup of makeup.
“Wow, Selys. This is amazing. Really.”
Erin was blown away. It must have cost at least a few hundred gold. Especially for an enchanted mirror! But Selys waved it away. She leaned over as Mrsha took a picture of Ceria making a face and then ran around showing everyone.
“It wasn’t that expensive. And its Mrsha’s first birthday here. To tell you the truth, I was going to get a scrying mirror, but Hawk said it might be too much.”
The Rabbit Beastkin rolled his eyes, looking a bit…he smiled when Selys glanced at him.
“No, no. The mirror was a great gift, Selys. Just…great. To buy for a child. She shouldn’t take it out of the inn. Thieves and stuff…”
He coughed as Selys narrowed her eyes. Erin found herself agreeing with Hawk. It was so expensive.
“Mrsha! We have more gifts! You can play with it later! Who’s next?”
“Me!”
Relc shouted. He had a clumsily wrapped gift—a wire puzzle. But Wailant and Viceria wanted Mrsha to open their present, which was a miniature set of [Farmer]’s tools. Oh, and Griffon Hunt had bought Mrsha a little bow and arrows which was a dubious present if you considered…aim…
Bird had wrapped up his favorite feathers, Numbtongue had found a large nugget of silver and Pyrite had turned it into a perfect ball you could roll about. And at this point, Erin Solstice realized…
Selys hadn’t broken the bank. She’d just set the bar and some of the gifts were nudging it. Like a potion from Saliss of Lights that made small little Gnolls glow in the dark.
Actually, that was a thoughtful, price-restricted gift. Numbtongue on the other hand…didn’t really know what to give children, so the ball of silver was completely impractical in that it would be stolen anywhere but the inn.
Mrsha loved it, of course, but there were so many gifts. Each one of the Halfseekers had gotten Mrsha a gift rather than going by team. Krshia, Elirr, Raekea, every Gnoll invited had a gift. All the children had brought gifts.
A. Pile. Of. Gifts. On the table. Mrsha had to begin opening them and quickly hugging the people who had gifted them rather than take the time to process each one.
