7.24
Page 1
After a moment, Ieka dipped her head, graciously.
“Of course, Rie. I was just remarking—we have been more overt.”
“The Reinharts drove us into hiding. Lady Suvelta Reinhart battled the Circle of Thorns. And lost. We curtailed her power, albeit at the need to hide. Later Reinharts have also fought our Circle. And lost.”
Rie’s voice was calm. Ieka hesitated. Rie might know more of the history of their little group than Ieka. And the way she spoke—
Covertly, Ieka glanced about.
“Sidel, another glass of wine for me. Thank you.”
She smiled at the young woman attending her. Sidel, a newly-made [Maid], blushed. She was new to her role, but Ieka had selected her. She had—a passion for women. One that was more acceptable in Wistram, when she had been a [Mage], but now was a…private interest. Lady Rie made no comment as a second glass of wine was brought.
In many ways, Ieka was a revolutionary. She was a Wistram Academy graduate, a rarity in a first-born noble scion. And she believed in magic. Like the Terland family, she had instituted a number of magical reforms in her lands, like self-drawing wells powered by magic. Ieka was a visionary.
But the Circle of Thorns was well in the past.
“Lady Suvelta. That was the Reinhart Vampire, yes? A terrible monster.”
Ieka swirled the wine in the glass she was given, drinking lightly. Rie raised one eyebrow.
She was—cool. Few things riled her, in Ieka’s experience with Rie. For all the indignities heaped upon her—having her mansion sacked by Goblins, serving this new [Emperor], of all things—she was very calculating. And willing to do anything for the circle.
That was the thing. Ieka shifted as Rie took a sip of wine. Rie’s gaze was very direct as she replied.
“A terrible monster. An immortal Vampire. With the ability to fight a Named Rank adventurer on even terms with her sheer…nature. And with levels. She ruled Izril too long. But that is why the Circle is needed, Ieka. We killed her.”
Ieka felt a slight chill at that. She had read the records. Publically—Lady Suvelta had been a long-lived monster. Few had known she was a Vampire even after her death; but her end had been the end of Vampires. But she had lived, and been a Vampire. With levels, as Rie said. They had been exterminated, the Vampires. Too dangerous to live. Suvelta might have ruled Izril like a new [Queen] for…forever; that had been her ambition.
But the Circle of Thorns in her era had been…powerful. They had fought against the Reinhart’s power from the shadows. And when they killed Suvelta, they had done it to send a message. Suvelta Reinhart had died screaming in the sunlight, tortured for sixteen days and nights before she died.
That was the Circle of Thorns. But that was the one Ieka knew. The past Circles had been dangerous, as the circumstances dictated. A few iterations of her group had fought back invasions from Chandrar and Baleros. They had humbled Khelt when it invaded—thrown back the Six Great Companies of Baleros two thousand years back.
They waned and grew as the era demanded. Sometimes they were protectors, other times watchers. Mostly—useless.
The Circle of Thorns. If you were offered an invitation, especially six years ago, it would have been to a small group of nobles like you where you could eat good food, complain about annoying nobles (assuming they weren’t in the room with you), and relax. It was a social thing, a little reminder to the Five Families that they weren’t unopposed.
