7.24
Page 28
The Gnoll tipped his hat at her. Drassi smiled gratefully as the parents carried their kid, the first casualty, out of the party.
That was Mrsha’s birthday. Erin Solstice and Lyonette had done their best. But despite it all, that night, Mrsha would still end up bursting into tears over the overstimulation. It would be a minor bit of sadness.
But it was still a mistake. Erin Solstice did indeed know the hearts of children. But knowing was different from parenting. Too much of a good thing was bad. Like sugar. Or water.
 
—-
 
The Same Week Prior.
 
Children were screaming. Also, laughing. It was a lovely sound, full of innocence and delight.
…If you thought about it. In reality, children playing sometimes sounded like Harpies shrieking. Children could be annoying. Snotty. Vicious, and thoughtless. They were animals.
Ryoka Griffin knew that full well. She didn’t—like—children. Not in the way a parent loved their kids. Ryoka, in her vague dreams about the future, had never envisioned having children. She could both remember being a kid and being a hellion to her parents and how she felt.
Kids were not for her. She wasn’t good with them. The young Asian woman had no predisposition to coo and adore children.
“Hey! Be careful!”
The City Runner’s aggravated voice rang out across the walls of Reizmelt. Human [Guards] leaned on the battlements of the walls, chuckling as they saw Ryoka jogging after a gaggle of children. The boys and girls were screaming.
Playing, in the wind. The same glorious summer day was shining down on Ryoka’s head. Warm—but the wind was blowing strong around her. Providing blessed cool.
There they were. Children, being blown about by the wind Ryoka had called for. They were racing.
Little boys and girls had stolen sheets or cloth and tied them into crude sails, attached them to wheelbarrows, handcarts, anything with wheels. And the wind was pushing them around. A few kids had just tied parachutes to their backs and were being tossed around. The gusts of winds could actually pick up the lighter ones and carry them, wiggling, through the air, for a few feet.
They were having fun. And it was all Ryoka’s fault. The City Runner watched, anxiously, as a cart overburdened with six kids all balanced together went careening past her. The cart wobbled and Ryoka thrust a hand out.
“Hey! Too many people on that cart! Only—three! You’ll get hurt!”
The wind blowing the sail-cart lessened. The kids shouted obscenities and curses at Ryoka, but after a quick fight, three slithered off.
“Miss Wind runner! Blow me! I want to go high!”
A kid with two parachutes was screaming on the walls. Ryoka turned.
“Oh no. Absolutely not! Get off the walls!”
“I’ve got him, Miss Wind Runner. Off you go, you brat.”
A [Guard] forced the disappointed child off the walls. Much to the relief of Ryoka and anyone who had suddenly had a vision of the kid dive-bombing off the walls and trusting the wind to save him.
“No jumping! No pushing! Don’t run into each other!”
The Wind Runner of Reizmelt bellowed at the children. And—amazingly—they obeyed. Mainly because she controlled the winds. Or—the winds listened to her.
It was a funny thing. Ryoka looked around, exasperated, trying to keep all the kids in her line of sight. She wasn’t content to let them just play, even with her winds providing the entertainment.
Of course, she had agreed to let them play. Which wasn’t like Ryoka. But they always begged. And—funnily—their parents had agreed.
