7.24
Page 31
He scared her sometimes, but then—so could Fierre. But they were friends.
“You can ask him. But he never talks about the old days. He probably knows…something. You can try to get it out of him. Why don’t you visit again?”
Fierre glanced at Ryoka slyly. The City Runner smiled crookedly.
“Maybe in another week. I’m not hungry for extra-rare meat yet.”
“We cooked yours properly.”
The Vampire girl scowled at Ryoka. The City Runner laughed.
“But it was all meat. Don’t you have salads, even if you don’t eat them? Also—there’s nothing to drink.”
“We have wine.”
“Your mom mixed blood into it.”
“Oh, right. Sorry.”
The two laughed again. They were just hanging out. Talking about Vampire lore.
Not just that. But it was a shared interest. Actually, Fierre and Ryoka often talked about immortals.
“You know, Old Bamer says he met a Unicorn, once. While poaching.”
“Really? What happened?”
“It nearly killed him. Ran him through the chest. Unicorns are evil.”
“Get out of here. I thought—well, the lore is that they’re peaceful. Virginal, you know?”
“Ryoka, they have a stabbing horn on their heads. How peaceful do you think that is?”
“Okay. But Pegasi—I found a bestiary that apparently has copies of actual illustrations of each creature. Let me show you the Unicorn. It’s a beautiful drawing.”
“Right. Until they stab you through the stomach.”
They had reached an inn that stood mostly deserted in Reizmelt, despite it being such a bustling town on the way north to First Landing. The Huntress’ Haven, run by Mad Madain was as always, mostly empty.
But the food was cheap, Madain himself was reasonable on his good days, and—Ryoka liked it here. She understood having a bad day.
“Griffin!”
A voice rang out as Fierre and Ryoka entered the inn. Ryoka braced for Madain, but the voice was younger. Alber, the [Fistfighter], strode up to them.
He was—usually—quiet. So much so that Ryoka hadn’t spoken a word to him for two months. But she had gotten to know him recently, after an encounter. And Alber, while quiet to most, could be—
Intense. The [Fistfighter] had on his protective gloves. He barely nodded at Fierre as he bounced on the balls of his feet.
“Are you free? I’m ready to spar and I want you to show me those hooks again. I’ve been doing them wrong the entire time but I’m noticing the difference.”
“Oh—I have time. Fierre, I promised to help Alber. I forgot. Do you mind…?”
The Vampire girl suppressed a grimace. She gave a toothless smile to Alber and Ryoka she didn’t mean.
“I have work later. Go ahead. I’ll watch.”
Grumpily, she saw Ryoka turn to Alber. The two immediately broke into a lingo as foreign as her and Ryoka talking about Vampires.
“So what’s the problem?”
“It’s the motion. It’s so compact. When I pivot like this—”
Alber demonstrated a hook from Ryoka’s world, which did look incredibly compact. Ryoka was nodding.
“I know you’ve extended it, but you lose so much force. Let’s find a space so I can show you—you keep pressing in. How’s the fistfighting?”
Alber smiled tightly. He had a boxer’s face. His ears and nose had both taken a lot of impacts. He made money challenging anyone to try and knock him down or last three minutes in the ring. He had been moving from city to city, but of late he had remained here.
To learn.
“I’m making a lot more money. Still can’t knock down a Gold-rank. But I won money off an entire team of Silver-ranks. All six of them in a row.”
“Really?”
