7.24
Page 27
The Hobgoblin [Bard] was listening to Pyrite, who was informing him about spoiling children. But Goblins were bad at birthdays. A Goblin birthday present was getting to live another year, nothing else.
And Bird? He had been alive for two years, so he was technically younger than Mrsha. Lyonette clearly thought this was everything Mrsha deserved.
So Erin had a moment of introspection. She closed her eyes. Thought about the badly-timed riot where Ekirra had gotten hurt, this minor debacle. Then she opened her eyes.
“Oh. I get it. We should have had a birthday party with twelve people, tops. It should have been small. And a larger gathering without gifts later.”
The others looked at her. Erin looked about. Then sighed. She went out to salvage the party—mainly by delaying the gifts until later where Mrsha would thank everyone individually and putting the presents out of sight and out of mind.
“Hah. See that? I could’ve told her this idea was cracked in the head from the start. Too much gold turns even the most honest man at sea to a backstabbing traitor.”
Wailant commented, highly amused by the entire affair. He eyed Mrsha. She was happy—but the emotions were mixed. Ekirra’s injury, the presents—
It wasn’t a bad birthday. Just not a perfect one. Bittersweet, and still mostly sweet. Like chocolate. Viceria nodded; the two experienced parents were sharing that knowing feeling of superiority that made less-able parents want to throw a drink in their faces.
“Erin and Lyonette are new at being mothers. I’ll have a talk with them about proper parenting later.”
The daughter sitting with her parents at their table turned and gave her parents a disgusted look.
“Mom. Dad. I caught you two running around naked with Numbtongue just a few weeks ago!”
Her parents gave her a blank look. Wailant took a deep gulp of his ale.
“And? You’re grown up now. This is obviously for children.”
Rufelt and Lasica were taking notes as well. Although, privately, Lasica didn’t mind the amount of presents. Drakes and [Princesses] shared commonalities there. It was a lavish party. And even if that wasn’t the best party—the presents would remain even after the hubbub died down.
Felkhr had gotten Mrsha a little flying top you could spin and then chase after. Grimalkin had gotten Mrsha a few kid-sized weights. Pisces was quite relieved he hadn’t made that custom, miniature bone-pet. Yvlon and Ceria had talked him out of that one…
 
—-
 
“I say, Ratici. It seems there’s a spot of bother about the party. Quite an amount of coin being represented in those presents. I hesitate to ask—but this is a special day for a young Gnoll lady. You wouldn’t be tempted to spoil that, would you?”
Wilovan leaned against one side of the doorway in Invrisil, carefully lighting a pipe. Ratici gave Wilovan a deeply disturbed look as he adjusted his cap.
“Wilovan, that may be the most wounding thing you’ve ever said. It may be that stealing from babies and children is easy, as it were said by my peers, but is it honorable? I’d soon as cut one claw off.”
“I apologize deeply, Ratici. Just checking. Even the best of [Thieves] might be tempted by pickings such as that.”
“Yes, but a [Gentleman Thief]?”
“I do regret my facetious comments. Let me buy you dinner to make up for it.”
“That may soothe my wounded pride.”
Huffily, Ratici adjusted his clothes. Wilovan nodded, eying the full inn. Then Drassi hurried over as a bawling Drake was carried off by his parents.
“Sorry! No one in the inn—oh, it’s you. Mister Wilovan?”
“Just taking our ease, Miss Drassi. By all means, change the door.”
