7.24
Page 23
Erin strode over to the table with the kids. On a sugar-high, they all bounced up. Erin laughed. And she—was good with kids.
This was how good. Erin Solstice raised one fist into the air.
“Party! Party! Let’s go to the park!”
And the children went nuts. The [Innkeeper] ran down the hallway, arms flailing, and the birthday children rushed out after her. She had the same energy. She could incite children to madness, which, admittedly, wasn’t a hard task. But Erin could be as fun as childhood.
The children rushed after Erin, a responsible adult in theory, towards Liscor and the park. The adults remained behind, but the responsible parents all ran after Erin.
Not because they didn’t trust her. But because they…didn’t trust her. Which even Erin would admit, was fair.
 
—-
 
The park of Liscor. A magical place with high swing sets, a fortress full of balance beams, little towers—all set in a natural park. Enchanted so that children falling from heights, as they loved to do, wouldn’t die.
There was a sign in front of it.
Erin Solstice is banned from entry by order of the community and the Watch.
The [Innkeeper] skidded to a stop in front of it. Ahead of her, parents or guardians were watching children play around the park. There were some dangers—the park couldn’t stop kids who thought it was a good idea to throw stones, or who got into fights.
But it was safe. And all Erin Solstices were banned from it.
Because of a legendary day. The playground heard the screaming. And they saw Mrsha, Ekirra, Visma, and a half-dozen little Gnolls and Drakes running forwards, hepped up on ice cream.
And the [Innkeeper] read the sign.
“Aw.”
She was banned. And Erin knew why. The panting parents following her were relieved as they saw Erin standing in front of the playground. Mrsha looked back over her shoulder and saw Erin standing there. The [Innkeeper] looked wistfully up at the playground. And the parents and children there turned to look at her.
“Oh Ancestors, it’s her. Cessi! Come on! We’re leaving!”
A Drake mother freaked out when she saw Erin. She had been there too. The Drake girl, who was twelve and clambering near the heights of the playground looked down and saw Erin. She raised a claw.
“Miss Erin!”
She shouted joyfully. Erin Solstice looked up. And she laughed. Mrsha waved urgently at Erin. It would be fun without her, but it would be most fun with her! And it was her birthday! Don’t let the silly sign stop her!
Erin had visited the park once and been banned thereafter. It was not a story which the [Bards] sung of. But those who had been there remembered.
And the rumors had remained. Spreading among the free. The children looked down and saw the [Innkeeper] standing there. Erin Solstice carefully studied the sign as Ekirra’s, Visma’s, and the other parents sighed in relief.
Then she casually pulled the sign out of the ground and tossed it to one side. The adults froze. And the children saw the [Innkeeper] striding forwards.
“Oh no. Call the Watch.”
Someone whispered. But it was too late.
Erin Solstice looked at the children. They looked at her, perched on the playground. Mrsha saw little Gnolls and Drakes poking their heads out of windows nearby. Even a pair of Human children frozen in their corner, looking at Erin.
The young woman took a breath. Then she thrust one fist into the air. She shouted.
“Riot! RIOT!”
And the legend grew two sizes that day.
 
—-
 
Ekirra got hurt while playing in the park,
Leaping about with childish glee;
As Erin Solstice led the kids on a lark
Sugar and riots, too much for me!
As he ran wild, as he ran mad,
