7.24
Page 8
“A fine showing, sir. I’m sure Hethon is duly impressed. One might have hoped he would have been out of range. I will speak to the staff about putting him in danger.”
His words gave both Tyrion and Hethon pause. The [Lord] blinked at Hethon and then looked at the distant dummy. Which had, frankly, put out enough firepower in a few seconds to vaporize Hethon twice over.
“I wouldn’t have let him come to harm. And you’re more than capable of blocking those kinds of spells, Ullim.”
Tyrion addressed Ullim stiffly. The [Majordomo] bowed.
“Of course, sire. I was here, but age does take its toll, Lord Veltras.”
“I wasn’t afraid, father.”
Hethon added hurriedly. The [Lord] hesitated. He glanced at Hethon, but then looked at Ullim. He—listened to Ullim. And Miss Jericha, another of his retainers.
Few others. After a second, Tyrion stiffly inclined his head.
“Hethon should begin learning to ride a horse and protect himself. He’s—fourteen. He would have been a [Squire] already if he was a [Knight].”
It wasn’t quite a question. Ullim nodded.
“Of course, sire. But we had discussed that it wasn’t quite appropriate…?”
Hethon fidgeted as his father looked him up and down. Not quite as a father might, but as a [Lord Commander] and one of the most powerful [Lords] in the world with his own personal army might. Appraisingly, seeking all of Hethon’s weaknesses and finding them.
Scrawny, bookish. Not the reincarnation of Tyrion. Just—Hethon.
“As you say, Ullim. However, I have an abundance of time. Those Drake saboteurs have been dealt with. The realm is…at peace…for now.”
He leaned on his horse as he gazed about. The estates of Tyrion Veltras’ lands were flush with nature. The keep rested next to a large forest—or part of it.
The Vail Forest, one of the largest forests in all of Izril lay smack dab in Veltras lands. And you couldn’t but ride anywhere without seeing part of it. The Veltras Keep, heavily fortified, as much a mansion as stronghold, lay next to it.
This tilting and training area was where Tyrion loved to be when he wasn’t managing his estates or out attending to his affairs. As was so often the case. And this summer’s day was…
Father-son time. In theory. It had mostly been Tyrion showing Hethon his morning routine.
“Perhaps it’s time for a snack?”
“We had breakfast two hours ago.”
Tyrion saw his [Majordomo] sigh. Ullim did his best, he really did.
“Young Hethon is a growing boy. Perhaps a few snacks might not go amiss? There’s some wonderful sugar-coated walnuts from Baleros, milord.”
The [Lord] frowned. ‘It’s a waste of money and I ate a fulfilling breakfast’.
…Was what he didn’t say. Mainly because he caught Ullim’s meaningful look. The [Lord] paused again.
“Very well. Hethon, have a snack. Then you can try tilting at the dummies.”
He rode off, waving at the [Workhands] to reset the magical dummy. Hethon watched longingly as his father rode at the dummy, dodging the flashes of light.
“Ullim. Am I bothering my father?”
He spoke plaintively as the [Majordomo] had a [Servant] bring some of the candied nuts. Hethon helped himself as Ullim, fussing as was his wont, made Hethon eat them off a handkerchief in one hand.
“Not at all, Lord Hethon. Your father is just—unaccustomed to your presence. But he’s made time, and he is doing his best. He simply doesn’t know—”
The old man hesitated. His face wrinkled up as he realized he’d gone too far. And Hethon finished his sentence.
“Know me?”
He looked at the old man. Ullim’s hands shook as he gently wiped at a bit of grass stuck to Hethon’s clothing.
