7.24
Page 40
“My friend’s alive. I just need to meet her again. One more time, Lupp. For that, it’s easy to risk my life. Just not anyone else’s.”
Her eyes shone. Lupp nodded.
“Don’t die.”
“I’ll do my best. Thank you, Lupp. Really.”
Ryoka Griffin walked towards the door and realized she hadn’t ever wiped her feet. She did so now, on the carpet, embarrassed. Lupp laughed. He saw Ryoka open the door, as the darkness fled before the faint light in his farmhouse.
He had to ask. Before she left, the [Farmer] called out. Worried for the little girl running into the night. Brave—but a child still, to him.
“Miss Ryoka. That dark [Witch]. Did you take her offer to save your friend?”
The young woman turned. Her face was shrouded as she waited a second before replying.
“I thought about it. If it was the only way to save my friend—she gave me a time limit. Before the summer reaches its zenith.”
“Not long now. Will you accept it?”
Ryoka Griffin paused.
“You know, if it was my only way—I might have. But I thought about it then. And a [Witch]’s power…might be enough. But I have something better than a [Witch]. If I can get him on my side. So, no. I told Belavierr to eat shit.”
She heard the farmer laugh. Ryoka closed the door and ran, laughing as well. Smiling properly.
 
—-
 
That night, Ryoka ran back to Reizmelt. She talked to Fierre, who was upset, and did something uncharacteristic.
The [Driver] of the overnight carriage that ran the trade routes was obviously suspicious of Ryoka. After all—she was a City Runner.
“But I need to get south fast. This carriage runs all night.”
“And all day. We don’t stop except in cities to change horses. ‘Sright. But we don’t take Runners or their packages. Too dangerous. This is for pedestrians, Miss. You’re not carrying anything?”
“Not a thing. I can swear it on a truth stone.”
“As it so happens…I have one.”
Ryoka patiently repeated herself. But the [Driver] was anxious. At last, relief came from Alime.
The [Receptionist] came out of the Runner’s Guild. Ryoka saw Fierre wink at her and nodded back gratefully. Alime spoke to the [Driver].
“Sir, I am the [Receptionist] of Reizmelt’s Runner’s Guild. We have no deliveries with Miss Griffin at this time and her reputation is impeccable.”
Ryoka blushed. But the [Driver] was relieved.
“I suppose that’s all right then. Just—we’ve had three carriages attacked in the last few months. All due to us taking on Runners.”
“…Is that Runner, uh, Alevica the [Witch] by any chance?”
Ryoka winced. The [Driver] scowled.
“That’s exactly her. You a friend of hers?”
“Absolutely not. I hate her guts.”
“Oh—well come on in then.”
The doors opened. Ryoka clambered in. She settled back, yawning. There were two people in the carriage who budged over for Ryoka. The [Driver] cracked a whip.
“Going south! Anyone coming with? Off we go!”
And Ryoka rode south. Leaving Fierre, her friends behind.
Again. But she was headed south to confront the past. To find the one person better than a [Witch] at circumventing fae magic. To make an offer before the Summer Solstice. To meet, well…an old acquaintance.
A Dragon.
 
—-
 
That was all one week ago.
Now. Ryoka Griffin sat in a downpour. Well, not in, but the carriage was cramped. There were nine people in it heading south towards the High Passes.
She’d been riding for an entire week, only pausing to take short breaks. Ryoka was scribbling in her corner of the wagon as the [Driver] cursed and made the horses run down the muddy road.
