7.24
Page 9
“You or Sammial, Lord Hethon. Lord Veltras doesn’t know children.”
Hethon frowned darkly.
“I’m not a child. Sammial is.”
Sammial was his ten year-old brother. He was on a ride with Jericha. Ullim bowed.
“Or young folk such as yourself, excuse me, Lord Hethon. Lord Tyrion is a [Commander] as much as a [Lord]. He’s…doing his best. But your mother, Five Families honor her, was far better than Lord Tyrion.”
Hethon went quiet. He nodded slowly.
“Mother was.”
Ullim nodded anxiously. He looked at Tyrion as he struck the training dummy with a sound that reverberated and sent a distant group of goslings flying into the air.
“She was a welcome influence on your father. The two were a fine pair. As fine as…”
He trailed off. Hethon ate the candied walnuts, ignoring Ullim’s look. He’d heard it all before. Salva Veltras was a blessing, the influence Tyrion needed; the two of them had been perfect. A power couple, even if Salva hadn’t been as influential as Tyrion Veltras.
If she had lived—Tyrion might have had the support of every noble in Izril by now. But she was dead. The Drakes had assassinated her.
Everyone knew that. It was old history. Hethon remembered his mother. So did Sammial. It hadn’t been long ago. Four years.
Four years. And Hethon, grown now, still talked to his father once in a blue moon.
“Done with the snack? Hethon, mount up. I will teach you to joust.”
Hethon and Ullim jumped. Tyrion cantered over, his horse happily munching on another lump of sugar. Hethon looked nervously at his father.
“I can’t ride quite right, father—”
“Lord Veltras, Hethon is still starting his studies. He wasn’t apprenticed like you were…”
Ullim looked worried. Tyrion Veltras had been born to warfare. Not only had he fought against Velan the Kind and the Antinium, he was known as the most powerful martial [Lord] in existence—aside from perhaps Lord Hayvon, Lord Belchaus, and Lord Seagrass.
Tyrion had been trained as a [Squire] when he was nine. Hethon on the other hand…
“Ullim. Enough. Hethon can sit a horse, can’t he?”
Tyrion brushed aside his [Majordomo]’s worries this time. He motioned to Hethon.
“Come here, Hethon. Quickly now. Gelden won’t bite.”
He sounded impatient. But he always sounded impatient to anyone he spoke to. Brusque, the fancy word was. Hethon approached the massive stallion hesitantly.
Gelden was one of Tyrion’s war horses, and he was trained to kill enemies in combat by kicking them hard enough to break their necks. Just a fun fact Hethon was always aware of. And Gelden had been trained by a [Beast Master]; he gave Hethon a look as the boy approached.
Watch it, kid. I could eat you. Just because your dad’s making me give you a ride, doesn’t mean we’re friends.
That was the message Hethon felt the horse was giving him. But Tyrion just leaned down, grabbed Hethon’s arm, and pulled him up onto the saddle.
“There. You see?”
Hethon gaped as the world changed around him. Suddenly, he was on Gelden’s back. High off the ground. Gelden was huge, and Hethon felt as though everything was smaller. He looked up—and his father, stern, serious, black hair goatee and clean-shaven elsewhere, was looking at him.
“You look as though you haven’t ridden a horse before. Has Ullim been stinting on your lessons?”
The young boy ducked his head. Worriedly, Ullim called up.
“No, Lord Veltras. But Lord Hethon has a number of…”
The Lord Veltras blinked a few times at Ullim and Hethon’s worried faces.
“That was a joke, Ullim.”
“Oh.”
“Oh.”
The two exhaled. Tyrion sighed. He looked at Hethon, sitting in front of him, and then nodded.
