7.24
Page 20
She snapped. Hawk sighed.
“Isn’t it cute, though?”
“Cute, and impractical. Where’s my gift? Is it being squashed?”
“Nope. But Selys, don’t you think it might be a bit too costly? Even if the other adventurers…”
“No, I don’t. This is Mrsha’s birthday. She’s been through a lot. Eat your cake, Hawk.”
“But it’s not carrot—”
The two began bickering quietly. Selys glared at Hawk and did not look at Pisces and the Horns of Hammerad.
“Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake.”
Ksmvr was chanting as he bounced up and down in his seat. Yvlon sighed.
“Can I get something other than cake and ice cream? It’s just sugar. I’d settle for those onion rings.”
“I’ll take her cake.”
Ceria and Pisces both raised their hands. They began fighting for the slice of cake. Rather than…die…Lyonette let go and backed away.
Adventurers. A half-Giant friend. A [Necromancer] fighting with a half-Elf over a piece of cake. Oh, yes, and the Antinium, the Black Tide of Izril, also sitting and politely eating ice cream since the cake did bad things to their digestions. A Hobgoblin sipping from a glass of milk while a giant Ashfire Bee sat on his head.
And amid this all—the ordinary parents. Ekirra’s family, Visma’s, and four other families sat in the inn. Visma’s mother stared at Councilwoman Krshia and Councilmember Elirr, who had invited Hexel, the Lamia [Architect], to this gathering. Of course, they’d all brought gifts.
Ekirra’s father coughed a few times. He eyed the Gnoll sitting next to him. He was relieved it wasn’t a Selphid. After a moment of waiting for his cake to arrive, he spoke nervously.
“This is our first time at a ‘birthday party’. You must be friends of the inn, yes?”
Felkhr, the Gnoll sitting next to him looked around blankly. He smiled.
“Ah. Yes. Actually—I’m only distantly related to this inn. I’m from Pallass, you see—the [Innkeeper], Miss Solstice was in the same bar during the Wyvern attack.”
Ekirra’s father, Evink Silverfang, part of the Silverfang tribe, stared at Felkhr.
“The…Wyvern attack. And you are from Pallass?”
“Yes. Actually, they call me the ‘Flying Gnoll of Pallass’, yes? I have this project—I’m trying to fly, so I jump off the walls—I haven’t flown yet, but I haven’t died yet—”
Ekirra’s parents stared at Felkhr. They slowly edged backwards as the Gnoll tried to explain. Across from him, Rufelt sighed.
“Felkhr. You have the worst way of introducing yourself. Ever. Pardon me. Rufelt, owner of Tails and Scales. And this is my lovely wife, Lasica…”
“Charmed.”
The Drake smiled at the Gnoll couple. Ekirra’s parents relaxed in the presence of sanity. Rufelt smiled as they shook hands.
“Oh, it is a delight. Are you a [Bartender]?”
“I am. And Lasica is a [Chef]. Not that she’s practicing—”
Lasica elbowed Rufelt in the side. He grunted.
“I mean to say—she doesn’t need to work, so why would she—”
This time she kicked him. Ekirra’s parents edged away again. But then Ekirra’s mother sniffed the air. She hesitated, and then smiled at Lasica, suddenly content.
“Oh! I see. Is it your first time?”
Lasica hesitated. Then she smiled widely and leaned forwards.
“Yes. And Rufelt’s just being protective…”
“Gnolls always are. Evink was the same way. You think this is bad, just wait until they’re born. Evink once tried to chase off Guardsman Relc with a rolling pin…”
“Did someone call?”
Relc looked around, failed to spot the others, and went back to picking up a piece of cake that had fallen on the floor. Wing Commander Embria tried to pull him up while attempting to cast the [Invisibility] spell on them both out of sheer embarrassment.
