7.24
Page 15
“Trick is balancing, Lord Veltras. I’m all right. Those potions you had sent took any pain away. As for the rest—leg’s gone. Back to work.”
He shrugged. Calm as could be. He hadn’t been when they had to take off his leg. But then—the infection had gone too bad, and even the best [Healer] hadn’t done much.
“If you’re unwell, rest. I won’t have you falling out of the saddle and injuring yourself so soon after healing.”
Tyrion instructed Tell. The man just bowed in the saddle. His old mare whickered at Gelden. Fast as Tyrion’s warhorse might be, even the [Lord] would hesitate to put all his money on a race against Tell Hidam and his mount, Daisystream. Well, until recently.
Tell had lost a leg. And he’d never ride as surely as before. But he’d not lose his job in the Veltras estates. Few people were rich, unlike the Reinhart or Terland or Wellfar families who had coin to throw around. El and Veltras were poorer.
But no one went hungry here, either. And they were not tossed away, as Terland was wont to do. Tyrion Veltras sighed as he looked at Hethon. Now—Salva would have…said…or done…? She was so good at being—kind. For all she could be a fiery as he. She had once told him he was like ‘a rock carved out of Veltras pride and stubbornness, only not nearly as soft’.
He missed her. But he looked at Hethon, still waving his trophy of the wooden ring about. And felt proud.
 
—-
 
“Tonight, we’ll dine on Hethon’s favorite dish. A treat. And allow him a pick of one of his books from the [Bookseller] whenever they next visit.”
Tyrion’s announcement made Hethon’s eyes light up. Ullim was smiling too. It was rare for Tyrion to reward anything, but the demonstration of martial competence had put him in an unusually good mood.
“Perhaps some of the gelato as well? That Terandrian dish? Pellmia prevailed on me to try it. Have some prepared, Ullim. For Sammial and Hethon.”
The [Majordomo] hesitated. His smile flickered.
“That might be trickier, sire. The trade war of Lady Reinhart has shut down most major trading routes. And while it isn’t affecting our lands—”
Tyrion had not sent one of the black roses. But—funnily—the [Merchants] had some idea that he and Magnolia weren’t exactly friends. Tyrion’s brows snapped together.
“You can’t get it?”
“At cost—sire—”
The [Lord] frowned darkly. He looked at Hethon and the boy held his breath.
“For this? Get some. Hire a Courier if you have to. Hire—the Moonlight Rider. Tritel.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras!”
Ullim beamed. It was unlike Tyrion in the extreme. Except for hiring a horse-based Courier. That was like him. But Hethon was practically dancing with excitement. He couldn’t wait to tell the others. They’d all had ice cream—the young [Lords] and [Ladies] his age. But Tyrion had deemed it a waste until now. Hethon couldn’t wait to tell Eliasor. She’d told him it had tasted like—
Like—
Oh. Hethon’s glee faded a bit. He hadn’t seen Eliasor in a few months. He might not, now. [Assassins] had killed her mother.
A sobering thought for a moment. And then Hethon felt happy again. Tyrion was debating with Ullim about letting Hethon try the magical dummy—with Tyrion protecting him, of course.
“Milord, you don’t hit the dummy unscathed!”
Ullim pointed accusatorially towards Tyrion’s chest, where a magical bolt of energy had seared his clothing along his shoulder blade. Tyrion frowned.
“What about the flying target? Yes, if not the battlefield simulation—set up the jumping target. Hethon, I’ll control Gelden. The goal is to learn how to hit a target while in the air—”
