7.24
Page 16
As the training fields were buzzing and some of the [Workhands] were dragging out the dummy with wings attached—there was a commotion. Hethon, smiling and bouncing to try to impress his father again—heard a voice.
Crying loudly. Every head turned. Ullim’s face fell. So did Hethon’s. He recognized the voice. And the tantrum.
And the rider, carefully but swiftly escorting a young boy back towards them. Tyrion turned his head. And Hethon saw his younger brother, riding behind Jericha, Tyrion’s [Aide], [Mage], and retainer.
“Sammy.”
Hethon saw Sammy, or Sammial Veltras, ten years old, screaming and howling with tears as Jericha rode him back. He was small for his age, but rather fit.
“Lord Sammial. What’s the matter?”
Ullim hurried towards Sammial. The [Lord] was bawling. Red-faced.
He was very much a kid compared to Hethon’s distinguished fourteen years of age. He cried a lot when he didn’t get his way, threw tantrums—got mad—
But there was this for Sammial. He was…something. Hethon saw every head turn and people hastening to see what was wrong as Jericha, naturally grey-haired, tried to help Sammial down. He punched at her, enraged over something.
The thing about Sammial was…the thing was…
When people talk about Hethon, they said things like ‘he’s studious’. Diligent, a bit quiet, but level-headed. A credit to his class, really. Interested in books, which is grand, isn’t it? Knows when to listen, thoughtful—
When they were polite. Well—there wasn’t much they said that was bad about Hethon. Or…so he thought, from eavesdropping on the servants. And that was well and good.
But Sammial. When they spoke of Sammial Veltras, they said only one thing.
“He’s a Veltras born. Fiery as his mother. That Veltras rage in him, and command. A [Lord] of [Lords].”
At ten years of age, Sammial Veltras had outstripped his brother in one thing. Not education, understanding his father, however slightly, control of his emotions, and certainly not knowing when to shut up.
But he had more force. Sammial, age 10, already had an aura. His will manifest, as Ullim had explained it to Hethon. Not necessarily a good thing; it was just that Sammial had the power to influence those around him.
“I hate you!”
Unfortunately, it was a boy who had that power, not an adult. Well—it could be bad either way. But Sammial was screaming at Jericha.
“What happened?”
Tyrion looked mystified. Shamefaced, his [Mage]-[Aide] bowed towards Tyrion. She was high-level, competent, as close to a babysitter as Ullim to Hethon. More than once Jericha had minded him. Hethon liked Jericha. So did Sammial—mostly. He usually suffered Jericha more than Ullim.
Not today. The young [Lord] was screaming in pain. He had blood dried around his mouth.
“We were riding, Lord Veltras. Lord Sammial—bit his tongue. Hard. I treated it, but he insisted—”
Sammial let out an ear-splitting wail as Ullim pried his jaws open. The [Majordomo] looked inside the mouth and tsked.
“All healed already. Jericha healed you, Lord Sammial.”
“But it hurt! It was her fault!”
“Sammy, you’re not supposed to blabber and ride.”
Hethon was exasperated. Sammial always forgot. He’d probably asked Jericha to ride really fast like he liked and begun talking. Sammial sniffed.
“But she made me bite my tongue! It was a rock!”
“I jumped a small one, sire.”
Jericha was exceptionally embarrassed. Tyrion just blinked at her. He shook his head slightly, clearly totally uncomprehending the issue.
“Sammial, you were warned. And you were healed. Are you still feeling pain?”
“No! But it hurt!”
“But the pain is gone.”
