7.24
Page 3
Silence, then. Ieka listened, heart pumping. Rie only had that inscrutable, polite look on her face. Her perfect guise. She looked so—trustworthy. But how many deeds had she undertaken for her masters? Ieka couldn’t fathom. She…felt uncomfortable as she waved for the young [Maid] to refill her glass. Sidel did so, clumsily, and Ieka had cause to regret employing her as a [Maid]. But she’d been so taken…
She had what some might call an ‘unhealthy relationship’ with her maids. In that many were lovers. Some were just competent, but Ieka was a…deviant. As Izril’s people understood things. Certainly by Terandrian and Drake standards.
It was one of the reasons she was part of the Circle of Thorns. They asked only loyalty. What you did with your own affairs was meaningless so long as it wasn’t public. And Ieka needed to have her secret lovers. Her hatred of Magnolia Reinhart was another reason for her joining the Circle of course. She couldn’t stand Magnolia. And that—her perfect maid, Ressa—who was so—so, unflappable, especially since Ieka had tried to bribe her away from Magnolia for years for exorbitant sums.
Ieka was certain Magnolia and Ressa were in a relationship. But she couldn’t prove that. And the Petals of Death didn’t care.
They…were cold.
“If Magnolia Reinhart dies, she must die. No examples. The Couriers made a fool of the Assassin’s Guild.”
“Better that than the death of Couriers. The North must endure. The war between Ailendamus and the southern Kingdoms in Terandria—”
“If Ailendamus wins, time to be concerned. The North should not move unwisely. Focus on Magnolia Reinhart. Does she die?”
Ieka listened. The Petals fell silent. The Circle of Thorns was meant to defend Izril. Only—from within as much from external forces. That was their modus operandi. But in practice, it was self-interest as much as anything that moved the Petals. But killing Magnolia Reinhart?
“Yes.”
“Yes.”
“No.”
“Agreed.”
“She dies.”
“It is unwise. No.”
Four out of the seven. Ieka felt a chill run down her spine. The last had not spoken—but he seldom did in her experience. She took a gulp of wine. Just like that, it was done.
“Track her movements. Have the Roots report in. The Guild of Assassins will ensure her end. No mistakes. No casual attempt. Death or destruction.”
Roots. The Roots of Contempt—the group Rie was part of. Not just the nobility, but high-level agents the Circle employed. They had to be cautious, going up against a member of the Five Families. But the Circle of Thorns could be said to rival one of the Five Families in scope.
“She dies. But we must have an agent. If Reinhart dies—who leads the north?”
A pause. Then—the male voice. The seventh. Possibly their leader. Ieka listened, noting the slight difference in speech pattern; no inflection or anything else. The magic made it impossible to detect.
“If Reinhart dies—choose Veltras. Approach Tyrion Veltras. With our support, he could take Liscor again.”
Another pause. Then, voices.
“He has lost his wife, hates the Drakes. Sound opinion. I agree.”
“Tyrion is stubborn. Disagree.”
“Who else of the Five Families can lead publically? Agreement. The House of El has lost their ruler. Maviola El. Terland and Wellfar wane…”
“If Ulva Terland and Petria both lived—”
“They do not. She is shattered. Wellfar is too focused on the sea. Agree. So—Tyrion?”
“Approach him. Kill Reinhart. If Veltras refuses, we may need to raise one of our own to the level required. The Antinium must die. The Drakes must fall.”
