7.24
Page 17
The [Lord] saw Sammial grudgingly nod. He turned towards Jericha.
“Don’t trouble yourself, Jericha. Clearly, Sammial is overwrought. Sammial Veltras. A [Lord] does not whine. Calm yourself. And if you behave, I will let you joust—”
Hethon held his breath. He didn’t know if he wanted Sammial to stop whining before Tyrion got mad—or if he didn’t want Sammial to show him up. Sammial was very good with most athletic things. His [Fencer] instructor said he was a natural with a sword. Tyrion had actually considered making him a [Squire], but for his temperament.
“Jousting?”
Sammial quieted, sniveling. Tyrion nodded.
“Jericha or I can have you ride while you tilt. If you stop complaining.”
“I don’t want Jericha.”
Sammial’s response was sullen at once. Tyrion nodded.
“Then, I will ride with you. Or Ullim. But you will first apologize to Jericha.”
“Why?”
Even Jericha looked mystified. Tyrion’s frown intensified.
“For striking her. She did nothing wrong. You were warned to watch yourself while riding.”
“No.”
The ten-year-old boy glowered at his father. Tyrion blinked a few times.
“You won’t apologize to her?”
“No. I hate her.”
“Lord Sammial, I deeply apologize for the mistake. It won’t happen again. Won’t you let me ride with you? I will do my best.”
Jericha knelt, smiling at Sammial. He looked at her. And Hethon, hoping, praying though he didn’t know how to—saw Sammial’s eyes flash with rage.
“Shut up! I said, I hate you! Go away! You’re not my mother! You’re just a servant!”
He spat at Jericha. The [Mage] recoiled as Sammial got angry. The same angry that would lead to him beating up someone five years older than he was—or attacking a feral dog with a stick.
The Veltras rage. Hethon even felt it in the air, a prickling, painful sensation. He flinched as Jericha drew back. But then—the feeling faded.
Cold oblivion pushed it back. Tyrion Veltras was smoldering. And Veltras fury? Jericha, his second-in-command and Ullim both stood up.
“Lord Veltras—”
“Perhaps Lord Sammial—”
“Sammial Veltras. You will never speak to your people like that!”
The [Lord] snapped, his voice a battlefield roar. Sammial paled, his aura going out in front of the adult’s. He turned to run back into the mansion. Tyrion caught him in three strides. He was of course, a lot faster even without a horse than a boy. Even one like Sammial.
It was fast. Tyrion grabbed Sammial, put him over one knee, and began to spank him. Hard. Sammial shouted with fury and then pain. Then he began crying and trying to punch his father.
Tyrion Veltras wasn’t known for mercy. Nor—for spanking people lightly. Hethon flinched with every blow. By the end, Sammial was hanging on his father’s knee, just crying.
When Tyrion let go, Sammial somehow had the energy to stand up. He turned, crimson-faced, crying.
“I hate you! I wish you’d died too!”
He screamed in his father’s face. Then he ran, sobbing, into the mansion. Ullim ran after him. Lord Tyrion Veltras just stood there.
Stone-faced.
“Lord Veltras?”
“Father?”
No one knew what to say after that. Jericha, looking pale, approached Tyrion. So did Hethon. A moment ago—they had been so happy. But when Tyrion turned, his face was blank.
“Time to investigate the Mothbear attacks. I’ll be back late, if at all tonight. Hethon. I will see you tomorrow. Jericha, my usual escort.”
“Yes, sire.”
Jericha cast one agonized glance at Hethon. The boy stood there. He wanted to say—‘no’. But if Tyrion stayed, with Sammial so upset—would the gelato even matter?
He stood with the little wooden ring in his hands, on that glorious summer’s day. And it was a glorious day.
