7.24
Page 26
And the other children stared at the gifts. Birthdays were a thing in this world. But the tradition of having to give a gift was new; a child could expect a new ball, like Ekirra got for his birthday from his parents. Nothing more.
Mrsha had four new balls and counting, including the one made of silver. And Erin, watching the kid’s faces, saw this next part coming.
“I want a birthday like Mrsha!”
One of the Drake friends (not Visma), began shouting as he saw Mrsha blink at a small pile of savory dried meat snacks from Elirr. And how not? The Drake boy began stomping the floor.
“I want presents! I only got one!”
“Tiss! Be quiet!”
Mortified, his father hissed at him. But the little Drake was also in his hoarding phase and Mrsha’s pile of gifts was triggering him.
Frankly, most of the Drakes in the room and Typhenous, Seborn, Wailant, Pisces, and anyone with a thieving background were getting hot and bothered too. Erin looked around. She saw Ekirra staring at Mrsha’s new balls. Mrsha was looking around, overwhelmed by the presents…
“Visma! I saw that! Don’t you dare!”
The little Drake jumped. She had Mrsha’s new mirror behind her back. She instantly ran off with it. Her parents chased after her.
“Uh oh. I think…hey! Take five, everyone!”
The room looked at Erin. Pryde was busy pouring a handful of gold coins into a bit of wrapping paper—she hadn’t known about the party—and the children were either throwing tantrums or just pure jealous.
“Five what? Five eggs?”
Ceria looked around blankly. Erin sighed.
“Take a break! Lyonette, quick family meeting! Mrsha, why don’t you uh—play ball in the Garden with everyone? We’ll open the presents later.”
She hustled Lyonette into the kitchen. Mrsha, somewhat relieved, grabbed one of the balls and waved at her friends. They followed her as the other guests looked at each other. The tantrum-throwing children, Mrsha’s clear discomfort at being the recipient of too much—was putting that uncomfortable smile on the faces of the guests. Jelaqua winced around hers.
“Uh oh. I think we got her too many presents. I told you we should have gone all in on one present, Moore. But you said—”
“Ulinde said that. Don’t put this on Moore.”
Seborn pointed at the Selphid who was sipping from a milkshake and vibrating slightly. Jelaqua blushed orange.
“Oh. Right. Er…we should have listened to you, Ulinde.”
Ulinde blushed, ducking her head. Moore just looked after Mrsha, playing awkwardly with the balls in the garden. Then he glanced at Erin as she slipped into the kitchen.
Inside, Erin took a deep breath and looked around.
“I think this party might be a bit—too—fancy. Mrsha shouldn’t unwrap all those presents, especially in front of her friends. And we can’t keep all of them! Right?”
Lyonette stared at Erin. Numbtongue and Bird had come too since it was a family meeting. The Hobgoblin and Antinium scratched their heads.
“…Why not?”
“It’s so much! Mrsha doesn’t need all of it. I mean, the horn, the mirror—they’re all great gifts. But she’s got too much!”
Erin explained to Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin nodded, snapping his fingers lightly with understanding. But Lyonette just folded her arms.
“I thought it was fine. Perhaps the other children don’t need to see all the gifts being unwrapped, but it’s appropriate. My birthday was like that.”
Erin Solstice stared at Lyonette. The [Princess] didn’t see the problem. Mainly because she was a [Princess] and Mrsha’s mother.
But motherhood, or rather, parenting, wasn’t an easy game. Erin looked at Numbtongue and Bird. And got no help.
