7.24
Page 35
The Pithfire Hounds all sighed. Ryoka grimaced. They had been escorting Rose, Joseph, and the others about a month back. Part of the way; Ryoka had arranged more escorts on their way south. Levil gave Ryoka a crooked grin.
“It wasn’t the worst. But between you and me, Ryoka? Only for you would we escort that lot. Just insane. You know one of them was drunk the entire way?”
Joseph. Ryoka closed her eyes. Oh, she knew what a handful that lot was. She opened her eyes.
“I appreciate it. And believe me—I know. We had them for four days. I had to get them moving or Fierre would have killed them. Alber refused to come to the inn after the second day.”
She felt guilty over sending them to Liscor. But hopefully—no. Where else did they have to go? Ryoka’s stomach twisted. She reached for her bag of holding unconsciously. Then stopped herself.
“Thank you, really. I’ll repay the favor.”
“You pulled us out of that situation with the frogs once. As far as I’m concerned, we’re still not square.”
Levil raised his mug. Ryoka turned red from the embarrassment. She exchanged a few more words, promised to drink with them later. Rose.
Left.
 
—-
 
The Runner’s Guild next. Ryoka didn’t know if she liked knowing the [Receptionist], Alime, by name, or the Runners.
“Ryoka! We just got a big request to run a delivery. Nothing dangerous, but let me have it? Please?”
Melodie caught Ryoka at the door. The City Runner raised her hands.
“All yours. I’m not running far.”
“Thank you!”
The young woman hugged Ryoka. For a moment, Ryoka smiled and remembered a pinched girl’s face, arguments with Fals. Then it was gone and Melodie was trotting towards the desk.
“Alime, I’m looking for that delivery to Lupp. And I promised to head south, so if I swing down that way, what can you give me?”
The [Receptionist] smiled at Ryoka. And the City Runner belatedly coughed.
“Uh, sorry. Hi. How’s it going?”
“Well, thank you, Ryoka. And I have Mister Lupp’s delivery…I can give you three, if that’s alright? Nothing but copper and a bit of silver.”
“Works for me.”
Ryoka took the deliveries. She put them in her crowded bag of holding. Then jogged out of the Runner’s Guild.
Out of the city. The day’s light was fading. The [Guards] called to Ryoka.
“Miss Wind Runner! A breeze?”
The young woman raised a hand and they shouted their thanks. Ryoka felt the wind blowing at her back. She had more control over it since visiting Riverfarm. Just a bit.
But she couldn’t conjure the tornado made out of wind and fire she had when she had been at the heart of witchcraft. Nor did she run nearly as fast. She ran, drinking from a stamina potion when her pace faltered.
About two hours later, Ryoka finished her last delivery as she ran towards a small farm with towering corn stalks. A scarecrow was sitting outside the field. Ryoka hopped over the locked gate. And she ran towards the scarecrow.
“Lupp! Lupp, is that you?”
She approached the person-sized scarecrow warily. Ryoka walked around the scarecrow and saw—
A painted face. She heard laughter. And the farmhouse’s doors opened to reveal Farmer Lupp. The old [Farmer] walked down the steps, waving at Ryoka. She grinned at him and trotted over.
“Ah, Miss Ryoka. You’re back again. So soon?”
“I have your money from Lady Bethal and something from your daughter. Also—the stuff you ordered.”
Ryoka began pulling objects out of her bag of holding. Money—and a receipt from the Runner’s Guild for the full amount. A little jar from Lupp’s daughter. And a few bottles.
