7.24
Page 5
“I will take a carriage back. And leave you to the unpleasantness. My condolences, Ieka.”
Ieka Imarris, the [Mage Lady] who could blow a hole through an unenchanted castle’s walls…felt a pit of cold in her stomach. She looked at Rie, and saw a true [Lady]. Someone who was as powerful in social circles, in the realms of intrigue and politics as a Named Rank [Mage] throwing [Siege Fireballs] around in a battlefield. She saw Rie tactfully make her way to the door. Ieka had no doubt she’d find her way back to Riverfarm.
Ieka looked at Sidel. The young woman—just gorgeous, beautifully orange of hair, almost similar to Terandrian hair coloration, and stunningly fit, in the prime of her life like Ieka liked in her lovers—trembled.
“Lady Ieka, I only—I had to feed my family, and—”
“I trusted you. I made you my personal [Maid].”
Ieka was still stunned by the revelation. If Sidel had been conscientious enough to deny Rie’s allegations, Ieka might have even believed her. Sidel? A spy?
“I—Lady Ieka—I can—”
“I loved you.”
Ieka Imarris whispered. Her eyes shimmered. With unshed tears. With magic. With betrayal. Sidel flinched. And as Lady Rie Valerund left—Lady Ieka Imarris was further pulled into that inner circle.
The Circle of Thorns. And their plans shaped Izril.
But then—that was a week ago. And for all their machinations, they were just people. Powerful people, yes. But who sometimes forgot that they didn’t control every part of the world. Didn’t understand the hearts of…
Children.
 
—-
 
Still One Week Ago.
It was indeed a funny thing. But when he was not the great rival of Magnolia Reinhart, the head of the Veltras family, terrible foe to his enemies—Tyrion Veltras presented few of the qualities that made him so hated.
He stopped outside the keep that was his family’s ancestral estate and looked up. The war stallion shifted underneath him, too well-trained to fidget. And for a moment, Tyrion Veltras just inhaled the fresh morning air. He closed his eyes. And reveled in the summer.
Tyrion looked around. Across the grass was a tilting dummy. One of several set up on the open straightaway. He raised the lance he carried, almost a third hand. And the [Lord] rode at the dummy.
Faster. Faster. His stallion snorted and dug into the earth. Tyrion Veltras galloped forwards, accelerating.
He had started four times further than a regular [Knight] would away from the tilting dummies. But that was because his Skills afforded him incredible acceleration. And the max speed his mount could reach—
Was closer to lightning than man. The Lord Veltras rode faster, until he was a blur, moving faster than a horse and rider should be able to. Towards the little training dummy.
If you had perfect eyes—you could see his target. A bouncing, little ring of wood. So light that the wind was blowing it, twirling the hoop of wood around. And it was that Tyrion rode at. His lance’s tip bobbed, following the ring, steady despite the galloping horse.
He struck forwards, bracing as he passed the training dummy. From his seat, Hethon Veltras, 1st Son of the Veltras name after his father, saw the [Lord] flick his lance tip up after he passed.
The wooden ring was on it, of course. Tyrion Veltras slowed his mount, soothing it and rewarding it with a bit of sugar. He looked—pleased.
As pleased as stone could look, that was. Tyrion was famous for not smiling. Or if he did—it was like a lion smiled. Unaccustomed to the feat. He rode back towards his audience and heard the applause.
