7.24
Page 41
“Coming up on Celum! We’re going to have to stop when we reach the city—should be only twenty minutes at our speed! But this downpour’s getting worse! And we can’t move in it! Sorry folks, but we’re having a rare delay!”
The carriage was still moving fast. But if the rain continued it would be a danger. The passengers grumbled or sounded relieved. Ryoka was of mixed feelings.
Celum. She would run into Erin. The door. Her friends. She couldn’t—maybe after—
The City Runner’s gut churned. Maybe she’d just ask to get out now. It wasn’t far to the High Passes if she just legged it. But a warm bed after a week of travel was very appealing. But if it was that or chancing a meeting with an old face…
Not yet. Let her meet Ivolethe first.
Her friend. Everything would be okay after that. Just let her fix this one thing. Ryoka closed her eyes.
“Driver! I’m getting out here!”
“You what?”
The [Driver], whose name was not Termin but Olat, was astonished. But Ryoka squeezed past the other passengers, then jumped out of the carriage.
“I’m close to my destination! I’ll make it from here!”
“You’ll be drowned! Damn it, if you have to go, go! But stay clear of rivers!”
The [Driver] warned Ryoka, shouting above the downpour. She smiled, shouting back.
“Thank you! Good luck!”
He cracked the whip, raising one hand. Ryoka saw the carriage move past and looked around to get her bearings. The High Passes were—there. She could vaguely see them in the distance, those looming peaks.
One week of travel. Ryoka felt at her bag of holding. She saw the carriage move past her. It was so dark.
“[Light].”
Ryoka raised one hand. She saw a ball of light appear, warm and golden. Then—another, orange ball of light.
The City Runner blinked. She hadn’t conjured that. It was a distant thing. A will o’ the wisp? No—it was growing larger. It was—
Ryoka dove. The [Fireball] hit the carriage and detonated. The impact threw her into the mud.
Ears ringing. Shock—Ryoka stumbled to her feet. She looked around. What? Someone had just attacked—her? Persua?
No. They galloped towards her out of the rain, laughing. A figure swooped out of the skies, riding a flying carpet. Another blurred towards her on foot, as fast as a Courier.
[Bandits]. No—again—Ryoka saw them pointing at her. A glowing crossbow rose. A shrouded figure produced two enchanted blades. She raised her hands, ears ringing. She didn’t hear what they said.
But she knew them. All of the figures were masked. Covered from head to toe, to avoid revealing any features. They circled her and the burning carriage that had been full of living people, laughing. Ryoka saw the bloody mark on their masks.
The Bloodfeast Raiders. They pointed at her as the City Runner raised her hands. Nowhere to run. As if she could evade them. The most feared, most elusive gang of marauders in all of Izril. The City Runner closed her eyes.
Of course. She should have known. Somewhere—Belavierr was probably laughing. Of course. She should have known. It was her. Not Erin. This was her fault.
It was never, ever easy.
 
 
Author’s Note: I had intended to start with the ending, if that makes sense. But this opening was better, easier to ease into the story.
Hi. This is a 26,000 word chapter that I wrote as my return-chapter after the break. Hope it wasn’t too rough! Have I gotten rusty?
I could have used a longer break. Actually, me writing a deliberate cliffhanger strikes me as very unusual. Do I do that a lot? Hm. I’m questioning all my decisions now.
