7.24
Page 13
Ullim rode off. Hethon looked alarmed as he saw the willow ring target.
“Do you think I can do that, father? Should I start with…?”
He pointed with his free hand at the targets made of conventional targets. Tyrion smiled thinly.
“Are you afraid you’ll miss the hoop target?”
“I—don’t think I can hit it.”
Hethon replied truthfully. He looked up anxiously, waiting for condemnation or disapproval. But he didn’t know his father very well. Four years had passed since Hethon’s mother had died. And they were strangers.
Because Tyrion Veltras smiled.
“You can hit it. I know you can. I’ll use one Skill to help you aim. And I’ll call out to you and manage the horse. You just focus on the hoop. Understand?”
“Me? But—”
“If you miss, we’ll try again. Seasoned [Lancers] miss all the time on a windy day. But you should try rather than fear failure, Hethon Veltras.”
The boy looked up at his father. And he felt a steady hand, like stone, guiding him, adjusting his grip.
“Ullim, clear the field. Hethon is tilting at the hoop-target. Remember. It will jump as the wind blows. Anticipate, Hethon.”
“O-okay.”
The [Lordling] gulped. But his father was there. And he let go of Hethon’s hand, but he was behind him, speaking.
“Gelden. Tsek!”
The war horse began trotting, and then moved into a canter. Faster. Then—Tyrion whispered.
“Gelden. Sav! Sav!”
The stallion heard the secret commands [Beast Tamers] liked to use and accelerated. Hethon yelped.
“Father—”
“Steady. You can do it. Don’t bite your tongue. Now—aim. Feel the wind?”
They were shooting across the long training course as [Workhands], the staff of the mansion, Ullim, all watched. Veltras [Soldiers], staff, and more saw the [Lord] riding with his son sitting in front of him with the silly lance held in front of them. But they were moving at a full tilt, faster than most [Knights].
“Aim. [Peilspear Formation].”
And the [Lord] whispered a Skill. One that improved focus. He and his son rode, a formation of two. And he saw Hethon forget his fear, sit up, aiming.
A breeze picked up as they charged. And the little yew hoop of wood danced like an insane butterfly, twirling, defying Hethon to strike it. Without a Skill, even Tyrion would have been hard-pressed to hit it.
As the two charged, Tyrion watched with that perfect detachment. He looked around, feeling Gelden surging forwards, loving to just run.
The sun was warm. The air refreshing. The Vail Forest’s breeze brought the scent of nature to him. The [Lord] inhaled.
They passed the training dummy. Tyrion slowed Gelden, although the warhorse needed little encouragement. He began speaking, absently. This was the hard part. What did he say to Hethon?
Salva was so good at being…he wished she could have shared this day. He missed her.
“A glorious summer’s day. We can try again. Don’t be discouraged; I don’t think I would have hit it. Lancework is tricky. Practice and building the muscle for it are—”
“F-father! Dad. Look! Look!”
Tyrion Veltras broke off from the tricky speech. He looked down.
And he saw a little wooden hoop on the end of the practice lance. It had snapped off the training dummy, as it was meant to. Hethon was pointing at it, wide-eyed.
“I did it! See?”
“You did.”
The [Lord] was blank-faced. In his head he was…calculating the odds. Even with his formation Skill, an untested [Lord] with no applicable [Warrior] classes hitting something at that speed…
Luck only went so far. There might be real talent there. Tyrion slowly dismounted from the horse. He walked to the end of Hethon’s lance and took the hoop, inspected it for flaws.
