7.24
Page 7
Horse barding. And Tyrion himself was putting on a helmet. Just a helmet, with a visor. No breastplate or other armor; he was in his riding clothes for the morning. But the helmet was the very same armor he would put on for war. And he seldom wore that helmet. Hethon began to understand why as one of the [Workhands] shouted.
“Activating the dummy! Off the field!”
He waved a magic wand linked to the dummy. And Tyrion turned as he mounted up. Hethon saw, about two thousand paces distant, a straw dummy planted into the green grass.
His eyes were beyond perfect. A gift from his mother’s Skills. Hethon could actually see the dummy. It was made of straw, like most dummies. But this one was…magical. It was armored in some kind of scale-covering and while it had a shield hanging from one arm—
The shield was magical. It sprang to life and a pink-violet aura surrounded the target. The training dummy’s face—which looked like a Drake’s, however crudely—lit up. The two eye sockets blazed with pink magic.
And then—the training dummy began to fire magical arrows made of light at Tyrion, Ullim, and Hethon. The [Majordomo] and the young [Lordling] saw dozens of magical arrows blasting upwards.
Basic spells. Tier 1 spells. But dozens of them. They arced, curving towards them and Tyrion. Arrows made of sand, light, fire, stone—Hethon gaped until Ullim yanked him off the little bluff of grass.
“Lord Veltras!”
The [Majordomo] had a shield in one hand. He had been a [Retainer] once—a good one. And like Tyrion he had a bag of holding. Tyrion glanced at him. He raised his shield.
“The training guide must sense you as combatants. Hold still, Ullim. This won’t take long. [Barrier of Pride].”
A stationary field appeared around Ullim and Hethon. Tyrion Veltras ignored the arrows smashing into the golden barrier in the air. He narrowed his eyes at the magical training dummy. Then he leveled his lance and dug his heels into his horse’s flanks.
The stallion shot forwards. Hethon had thought it had been going fast before, but now the horse flickered across the ground. Tyrion Veltras rode at the dummy.
And the magical spells exploded from the angry training dummy as if it was possessed by some angry ghost of vengeance. The long-distance hail turned into bursts of magical arrows, lances of light—all trying to strike at Tyrion.
They weren’t just illusions either. Tyrion kept his shield up, deflecting the magical spells, weaving his horse back and forth. He dodged underneath a beam of light, deflected a blast that made the air ripple—Hethon watched him charging the enchanted target, forgetting the danger to himself.
“Ullim! Ullim, what is that?”
“That is how your father trains, Lord Hethon.”
Old Ullim watched, fondly, as Tyrion closed. His shield was constantly moving, blocking attacks to him and his steed. But his lance was on-target.
And the magical shield around the training dummy’s target—Hethon saw Tyrion point. His horse disappeared—
The training dummy’s shield exploded into a shower of light particles as the [Lord]’s lance blasted through the protective wards. Tyrion put his lance up as his stallion, panting, turned and cantered about.
This time Hethon was applauding on his feet when his father came back. He stared at Tyrion Veltras. The [Lord] even allowed himself a small smile as he removed his helmet.
“Not a bad performance. I’m in decent shape, Ullim. No strikes to me or Gelden.”
He meant his horse. The [Majordomo] lowered the magical shield he carried as Tyrion’s [Barrier of Pride] flickered out around them.
