7.24
Page 6
Hethon Veltras, who was fourteen this summer, applauded politely for his father. Tyrion—regarded his son, perplexed.
“Good strike, father.”
Hethon was thinner than his father. Less robust than the famed [Lord] who was, according to some lists, the second-best [Lord] in the world. Only—mentioning that would only make Tyrion unhappy.
And indeed, perhaps that was because his son didn’t know Tyrion any more than the Circle of Thorns. Tyrion leaned on his saddle horn.
“Good strike, Hethon? Why?”
He sounded like a drillmaster. Hethon hesitated. And his compliment turned to confusion.
“You…got the ring, father. Isn’t that hard?”
Indeed, snagging the little ring with the tip of your lance at full-tilt was difficult. A master [Lancer] would train like that, but not at the speeds Tyrion could ride. But the [Lord] just shook his head, mystified.
“Hethon Veltras. That is a warm-up. Save your compliments for true feats. A [Lord] should not be overly generous with their words.”
The young [Lord] turned red as his father gave him a stern look. He ducked his head.
“Sorry. I just meant—”
He didn’t have words to finish that sentence. And it didn’t help that Tyrion was clearly waiting for them. After a second, someone cleared his throat.
“Perhaps, Lord Veltras, the young Lord Hethon simply doesn’t understand the difficulty of your true regimen. It would be instructive for him to watch.”
That comment came from an elderly man. Ullim, the [Majordomo] of the Veltras household. And—much like Ressa, a force as equally powerful within his domain. Although Ullim would not be the target of an unrequited Lady Ieka’s affections. Maybe someone else’s, but…
He had been balding. And he was safely in his early sixties, white of hair—thanks to the expensive tonics he liked to buy.
That was his one vice. He’d buy [Alchemist]’s draughts to maintain his fraught hairline. And sometimes he was handsomely haired, like a white fox—or goat—other times, the potions backfired and he was stately in his baldness.
The [Majordomo] had to be. He was composed as he patted Hethon reassuringly on the arm. Tyrion blinked. He looked at Ullim and nodded slightly.
“Most evidently, Ullim. Have you never seen me practice, Hethon?”
“Um—um—”
“No, Lord Veltras. The last time might well have been a year ago. You were occupied with the Goblin Lord business. And you seldom tilt competitively in public.”
The [Majordomo]’s voice was kindly. And he was like…a second father to Hethon. Not a mother. Perhaps an uncle, but never a mother.
Hethon’s mother was dead.
Tyrion Veltras also respected Ullim’s words. He nodded and abruptly reached for his bag of holding.
“I will demonstrate, then. Hethon. Watch. What you just applauded was a basic [Lancer]’s training. But if you choose to pick up the lance, this is what you should aspire to in training. Ullim, set up the magic targets. Battlefield lancework.”
He turned. Ullim bowed and called out. A pair of [Workhands] rushed across the field. Hethon saw two young boys—nearly his age, maybe a year or two older—setting up a second dummy. Clearing the others off the field.
Tyrion on the other hand was dismounting. He quickly withdrew something from his bag of holding and began fastening it to his stallion, who snorted grumpily, knowing what was coming.
