7.24
Page 24
As he punched and bit and rolled in the dirt,
As he picked a fight and made Visma sad,
He got pretty hurt.
 
…The point was that Ekirra got hurt. It was something you could predict. Especially if you were—anyone who knew kids.
(Sugar + a park + the excitement of a birthday) * Erin Solstice = wild children.
It was a simple equation, but incredibly, Erin herself hadn’t envisioned the scenario that occurred. Which was again, Ekirra running about, growing increasingly more wild as he pushed children, even punched and kicked and bit.
His parents shouting at him couldn’t stop the excited Gnoll and after he’d shoved Mrsha and Visma off the top of the playground twice, the little Drake had had enough. She scratched Ekirra on the face.
Hard. Drake claws were no joke. The howl of pain as Ekirra ran, bleeding, to his mother, cast a damper on the party.
Erin Solstice stopped waving the little flag she’d made on top of the playground and the children stopped their battle to be on top of the playground with her. Mrsha’s ears and tail drooped. Watch Captain Zevara and a squad of [Guards] saw Erin look around guiltily as Ekirra howled in pain.
Zevara needed a drink. Ekirra needed a few drops of healing potion and Visma got scolded, which made her upset because it wasn’t her fault that Ekirra was bad first! The two little friends began quarrelling, which made Mrsha upset because it was her birthday and no one should be unhappy!
“I’m sorry. Uh—is he okay?”
“He’s fine, Miss Solstice. He gets hurt worse than this all the time. One time he ran onto a nail. And the [Healer] had a dreadful time with that…Ekirra, say sorry to Visma. Now.”
Ekirra’s mother reassured Erin. The [Innkeeper] was relieved, but her metaphorical fire was out. She couldn’t exactly climb back onto the playground and start a riot again. Especially because Zevara was hovering behind her with a club not-quite-raised.
“I think the children should go back to playing, Miss Solstice. By themselves, if they so choose.”
Erin eyed Zevara. She looked at the club, and then at Ekirra, who was in no mood to play.
“Yeah. Sorry. Maybe I got them too hyped up.”
They went back to the inn, a bit subdued. Mrsha anxiously ran between Visma and Ekirra, trying to play the peacemaker. Still—all was not lost.
There were still the presents.
“Happy Birthday, Mrsha! This is from us!”
The Horns of Hammerad saw Mrsha’s anxious face turn into a beaming smile as she opened her present and found…a tiny hunting horn! Wide-eyed, Mrsha blew into it and it emitted a toot of sound. She took a breath and blew.
Every Gnoll and most of the other adults clapped their hands over their ears. Typhenous, a master of dealing with children, instantly pointed and cast a [Silence] spell on the trumpet. Mrsha happily blew it.
“It’s just a small gift, but we thought it’d really help Mrsha if she wants to make sound. You know? And it’s uh—a pun.”
“What? Oh. The Horns of—that’s hilarious!”
Erin began chortling. Ceria grinned and Ksmvr opened his mandibles wide, but Pisces and Yvlon both looked embarrassed.
“I just got it! Dead gods, that’s amazing!”
Saliss sprayed his drink over Xif as he laughed. Relc nudged Embria and Jelaqua grinned—they were about the only people in the room who appreciated that level of humor. Mrsha ran about excitedly, but Lyonette had to call her back.
“There are more presents, Mrsha. Thank the Horns.”
Mrsha hugged them all, and then the next present was placed before her. Erin eyed the…tower…of presents.
“Whose is this? There’s no nametag…”
“Oh, that’s me! Hawk and I bought it! Open it, Mrsha!”
