7.24
Page 34
“I thought you were going to help Miss Kelysta with the grinding.”
“Oh, damn.”
Fierre grimaced. Ryoka glanced sideways at her.
“You don’t need to anymore, though. Right? I thought the information business was doing really well.”
The Vampire grinned at Ryoka with the toothy smile she’d only give her friend.
“Better than ever. But Kelystra’s old and she makes those poisons for adventurers. Anyone but me gets really sick. Anyways, she’s good for information.”
Ryoka nodded. She walked with Fierre out of the courtyard.
“Poison doesn’t get you.”
“Most poison. In exchange, I can’t do garlic, silver, and light.”
“Pretty good trade, except for that light stuff. Okay, I’ll see you later. Maybe tonight. I’m just doing local runs. Won’t be long, but I might get caught out.”
“Sure. Show me that book later?”
“Absolutely.”
Ryoka promised Fierre with a smile. And the Vampire girl smiled back. Perhaps—she only imagined Ryoka’s smile turn to a clouded expression out of the corner of her eye.
The City Runner stood alone. Restlessly, Ryoka looked around. Then she went for a walk.
 
—-
 
“Miss Griffin! Hello! Thank you for minding the children!”
“Did you see the latest on the scrying orb? That battle at sea?”
“I need something run north. I don’t suppose you’re going that way…?”
It was a funny thing. Ryoka Griffin walked through Reizmelt. And people knew her. People smiled at her. Children liked her.
She hadn’t gone on any major runs recently. Well—nothing like the one for Laken or Bethal. She made good money, but she’d been sticking around Reizmelt. Being properly Human.
Being…a friend.
Ryoka boxed with Alber, hung out with Fierre. She’d been to the van Lischelle household once for dinner, and thankfully not been part of the menu. She’d watched the battles at sea and kept up with the scrying orb news.
And she had more friends.
“Ryoka! There you are!”
The instant Ryoka entered the Adventurer’s Guild, Mousey sat up. The Aldasian Warhound looked at Ryoka and Levil, Bram, Lamont, Tally, Keima, Ullica, and the other dog, Makki, who made up Pithfire Hounds waved at her.
“I heard you arrived. Hey everyone. Hello, Mousey.”
Awkwardly, Ryoka bent down and received a lick after Levil murmured the ‘all safe’ command. She had a bond with Mousey, whom she’d run with.
With the Pithfire Hounds. In a way—Ryoka had saved their lives. It was…history. And they were continually grateful, for some reason.
“It’s great to see you. Buy you a drink?”
“I have to run later. I’ll take some water.”
“Water for the boring City Runner!”
Tally shouted. The others laughed good-naturedly. Ryoka smiled. And for a little bit—she was content.
“We got work after we headed south. Fighting some stray Ogres. There were raids a while back—one of the bastards nearly kicked Makki. But we brought ‘em down.”
“How dangerous was it?”
Ryoka leaned forwards. She was asking because it was a story, and also because she wanted to know. That was…what being a friend was. Levil twiddled his fingers and produced a miniature ball of flame.
“Not bad. We fought a group of three. That’s as much as I was willing to handle, but there weren’t any huge gangs. Now, forty and we’re running for it. But Lady Ulta smashed one group and I heard some [Knights] did for another. Just good pay. I leveled, and so did Keima. You got our [Messages]?”
“Congratulations! And—yep. Thanks for doing the escort mission. I know it was hard—”
