7.24
Page 11
The [Lord] stared at Hethon’s tear-studded eyes from the pain, but Hethon just gulped and nodded, uttering no words of complaint. Which was the right thing to do. Tyrion ignored Hethon’s tears as the boy furiously swiped at them. And continued, as if nothing had happened.
“I did kill that…Goblin. A Great Goblin, I think they’re classified as. I thought we killed all of them with that Goblin King. It wasn’t a match for me, even if it hadn’t been wounded. Even so—it killed a Gold-rank team. Goblins aren’t to be underestimated, Hethon.”
“But you killed it? Yourself?”
Hethon tried to ignore the pain on his tongue. Ullim would give him a bit of healing potion. Tyrion glanced at him and nodded.
“Nothing to be proud of. It was just duty, Hethon.”
“But you killed it. By yourself!”
Hethon insisted. He was going to tell the other boys—[Lord]’s sons and [Ladies]—that he was allowed to socialize with the next time they met. He’d heard about it before of course, but now he could tell them he’d heard it from his father.
“I won’t hear you bragging of it, Hethon.”
Tyrion frowned absently. Hethon’s face fell. Why did he have to understand what Hethon wanted now of all times?
“But—”
“It was my duty. Not my pleasure. Duty compelled me to deal with the Goblin threat, Hethon. And Liscor.”
Suddenly, Tyrion was lecturing. Hethon sagged.
“I know, but—”
“A [Lord] does not gloat over their foes. Or boast, Hethon Veltras.”
“Yes, Father.”
Tyrion looked at his son, who was suddenly not enjoying his ride. He cleared his throat, suddenly, uniquely, awkward.
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion Veltras would have preferred to be on the road, attending to some monster or on campaign. His son was…odd.
Not unwelcome. Just odd, to Tyrion. A strange animal who couldn’t be tamed or reasoned with. Not a beast—but not yet a man. Hethon was moody, didn’t take to his studies all the time even though he had a gift, and could be quite irrational.
In short, he was a boy. As Ullim kept saying. But Tyrion didn’t know if he’d been like that as a boy. In fact—he knew he hadn’t been. He just didn’t know what to say to Hethon, who was different.
Salva would have. But Tyrion looked at the boy—still too young to hold anything but the makeshift lance and felt…conflicted. He cleared his throat. Suddenly, he was uncomfortable.
“It is our duty, Hethon. You understand why I rode against Liscor?”
“Because you were going to take the city? You nearly did. That Magnolia Reinhart stopped you, though.”
Tyrion frowned. First knowing about Tremborag and now this. Was Ullim telling his sons…? He shook his head.
“Not just that, Hethon. It was also part of duty. Duty informed both decisions.”
He saw his son glance up suspiciously.
“How was duty part of it, father?”
Tyrion explained. This felt right. His father had given him this talk—it was past time Hethon heard it from him.
“Duty is a [Lord]’s task. We have duty. To our family, our house, to our people, and to the realm and then to our peers. Not necessarily in that order, Hethon. But duty informs each decision. Why did I rally against the Goblin Lord? Duty to the realm, yes. To protect those whom the Goblins would slaughter or rape. But that was also duty to our people, Hethon. And to you. If the Goblin Lord continued—you would have been spitted on their pikes, along with every boy in Izril. You see, it was duty to many things that made me combat his threat.”
Hethon hesitated. Tyrion Veltras was also poor at speaking to children.
“But why did you go towards Liscor?”
Tyrion paused.
