7.24
Page 10
“Have you ever tilted, Hethon? I don’t presume the [Tutors] have taught you that.”
“No, sir.”
Hethon breathed. He looked at Tyrion’s lance. Just wood—weighted perfectly to make Tyrion build muscle as he used it. And then—the [Lord] offered it to him.
“Here. Try lifting it.”
Hethon grabbed the lance awkwardly. He tried to lift it, but even with both hands, it was impossible. Tyrion’s lips quirked slightly.
“Too heavy? Then—Ullim, get me a long wooden pole.”
“A training lance, perhaps, sire?”
“No. Too heavy. Hethon will never manage it.”
“I can try—”
Tyrion ignored his son. He grabbed a lance as one of the young [Workhands] rode towards him and tossed it to him. Well—lance was an overstatement. It was just a pole of wood. Hethon deflated as he looked at it.
“Don’t be ridiculous. You’re not trained and you don’t have Skills. Here. You can still hold it like a lance. Just so. Copy me. See?”
Briskly, like a drill instructor, Tyrion made Hethon copy his posture. The young man messed up three times, but Tyrion effortlessly corrected his posture.
“It feels—awkward.”
“It’s meant to. Don’t hit Gelden in the head.”
The horse ducked as Hethon tried to control the pole of wood. Even that was hard for him to manage; he’d never have done an actual practice lance, however light. Tyrion pointed.
“You hold it on the other side of Gelden’s head. There, see? Now, try to keep it steady. Gelden—tsek.”
The [Lord] gave a riding order. Gelden’s ears perked up and he grudgingly trotted forwards.
Hethon felt as if a mountain were moving underneath him. But the horse was just trotting. It was nothing like the ponies and mares and geldings he’d ridden. Riding Gelden was riding an avalanche. And if he hit something?
The boy found himself smiling. And when he glanced up, he saw Tyrion was too. The [Lord] glanced down and his smile froze.
“Are you enjoying yourself?”
“Yeah!”
Hethon was trying to balance the lance. Tyrion showed him how to move with the horse to avoid it bobbing.
“Don’t fight it. Anticipate the movements in the saddle.”
“I can’t—get it still—”
“It’s practice. No one holds a lance steady their first time. Just ride. We’ll do one lap of the training fields. Mind your tongue or you’ll bite it.”
That was a common mistake most riders could make. If you chattered while riding and the horse came down hard, your teeth would snap together and possibly bite straight through your tongue. It didn’t always happen. But it could.
The [Lord] took Hethon around the training grounds, moving faster and faster. Hethon gaped as Gelden sped up, outpacing the [Workhands] and [Hostlers] and so on who were allowed to try their hand at tilting and riding during their time off. He knew Tyrion was one of the fastest [Riders] in the world, especially among the [Lord] class. But to experience it—
“This is amazing!”
Tyrion Veltras was smiling again at his son’s delight. He looked down, genuinely mystified.
“I didn’t know you liked riding. Ullim didn’t bring it up.”
“I don’t. But I like this! How fast can you go? Do you ride this fast when you’re in battle?”
“Faster. I can go three times as fast if I combine my Skills. For a few seconds. A lance is a proper [Knight]’s first weapon, Hethon. And a [Lord]’s. Gelden and I can dodge arrow fire, even lightning bolts. And few things stop an enchanted lance.”
“Not even that Great Goblin Chieftain? I heard—”
Hethon’s teeth came together hard on his tongue. He yelped and Tyrion slowed.
“Let me see. You’re fine. No bleeding. Watch your tongue.”
