7.25
Page 1
An army, who would die by the tens of thousands to scratch an immortal’s hide? Or perhaps a [Mage], wielding spells like the very ones that had created the High Passes? 
Who would come to kill him? And would he have the strength to slay them, or flee? Yet—even dreaming, the Dragon knew his threats were less than they had been in days of yore.
No more Giant clans, brave enough to battle the other monarchs of this world. All but a few of the ancient Djinn and their children lost, their magic broken. 
All dead. So the Dragon wept in his dreams, remembering. For a second. Then his dreams shifted again. And he slept. Waiting.
Waiting for eternity to end, or that visitor, whoever they were. Whomever came first.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin stood in the pelting rain, hands raised over her head. She tasted bile in her mouth. The smell of burning filled her nose.
The carriage was burning, the superheated wood steaming, but still burning in the rain. It had been filled with people. But there had been a flash. An explosion. And they had all died.
Just like that. A [Fireball] had done it. One Tier 3 spell. It didn’t seem right. People should not have that kind of power.
But there they were. Ryoka looked around as they appeared out of the storm. Some rode towards her on horses. Another just ran, moving as fast as the riders. One—no, a pair—were on a carpet.
One was flying. Ryoka Griffin saw dark clothing, masks. A bloody sigil on their clothing. She knew them.
The Bloodfeast Raiders. There were ███ of them. Ryoka Griffin blinked. There were…she counted.
███, ███, █████, ████…she lost track. How many was that? ███? Something was…wrong. She saw how many there were. But she was—unsure how many there were. Her brain was struggling with something.
They were mostly █████, but two were ██████. They stopped around her; two were aiming wands at her chest.
“Good shot!”
A merry voice rang out. Ryoka turned and saw one of the [Raiders]. ███ was laughing; the voice was distinctly ██████. But again, the knowledge faded from Ryoka’s head. The masked figure was waving at the others.
“Who changed the rally spot?”
Another demanded. The one on the carpet waved at the others. The voice was ████, authoritative.
“Me. Is this all of us?”
“I’d prefer the north. ████ couldn’t make it. Or █████. But I see some old faces.”
The ██████ █████ who had spoken first waved at the others. She was—grumpy. And holding a pair of enchanted blades. Ryoka stood, frozen, as she replied.
“I had to sneak away from ███████. My █████ was watching me like a hawk. So who’s this? You waited until she left before you hit the carriage. Nice shot.”
“Thank you.”
The carpet-rider had one of the wands that had cast the [Fireball] spell. ████ ██████, the same person Ryoka had seen in the scrying orb, turned to the others. Fierre knew her! She had pointed her out! It was ██████! The █████ from ███████!
The █████ grimaced and the others made laughing sounds behind their masks. They were all ██████, that Ryoka could tell. Instantly—before the knowledge faded from her head. Then they were masked strangers again. ██████.  Laughing merrily.
“Let’s catch up afterwards. But the Bloodfeast has begun. No time for waiting around.”
The leader ordered as ██ pointed the wand at Ryoka. She held very still.
The Bloodfeast Raiders. They were Izril’s most feared [Raider] group. They struck north, south—it didn’t matter where. They had sacked Drake cities, turned entire Human towns to ash. There was no discernible pattern. No one knew who their members were and no Bloodfeast Raider had ever been caught alive.
