7.25
Page 21
Ryoka nodded. She knew her world’s variations of that argument. The Dragon smiled, pleased.
“You understand?”
“I do. But better to do something than not, isn’t it? Aren’t we culpable for—”
“Silence.”
Gently, the Dragon froze Ryoka’s tongue in her mouth. The young woman froze. But she had a point! She was able to debate.
Then she looked in the Dragon’s eyes. And saw that he had heard her argument. The opposite argument. The insane argument that involved him burning down the city to spare the [Raiders] the effort.
He had heard it all. It wasn’t that she was wrong, or right, or poor at argument.
She was just too late to make it.
“I know all these things, girl. Good, evil. Morality. This is a Gnomish argument, something for those that love to argue and debate questions with no real answer. But there is an answer, one that is truest of all. Let me show you. This is the Dragon’s answer to your riddle of ethics.”
He waved a claw. And Ryoka saw the young man again. The [Archmage] stood on Wistram’s walls, creating beauty. The destroying monster leveled cities, creating an army of death with magic like his.
And then the [Archmage] grew older. The [Warlord] suffered a heart attack. His armies dispersed. They created evil empires.
The [Archmage]’s teachings became legend. His students used his spells. Ryoka watched two worlds hovering in the smoky illusions, flashing before her.
Vast empires of death and fear—that changed and became—just normal. Forgot their roots.
Wonders of magic that grew and rose higher, built upon one person’s genius.
And then—the empires began to crumble. The magic faded. Constructs were lost, the spells dissolved. The legacy of the [Archmage] was forgotten, only scraps remaining. The [Warlord] was gone, his name lost to time.
Nothing remained. Ryoka felt like shedding a tear for the wonders she’d seen. It had been too real, the images in the smoke. She had seen faces—marvels. Too realistic to be just illusions.
Perhaps Teriarch had seen them all, and called them from memory. Now, Ryoka saw something.
A group of settlers, building a few wooden walls. They weren’t Humans. But Gnolls. And after a small amount of time, they build a settlement. More began to move in.
And there was the city again. And here came the [Raiders]. Ryoka saw the same scene play out, only with different characters.
She understood. The smoke whirled around her, turning the air dark. It didn’t choke her lungs; it just was the world. A dark vortex of shadows mixed with light. She saw two glowing eyes looking down at her. Heliotrope and cerulean. A whisper, old as time.
“The Dragon’s answer is this: good, or evil. Effort or not. It never matters. All things end.”
The smoke vanished. Teriarch sat there again. Ryoka was standing on her feet. She looked around, disoriented. And the Dragon lay there, tired.
“Ryoka Griffin. You ask why I do not slay these enemies of yours. The answer is that I did. When you begged me ten thousand years ago on bended knee to take wing, I did. When you died on Rhir to humble me and move me to rage against the Crelers. I did.”
He looked at her. The Quarass stared up at him, solemnly. The Dragon sighed. Reality flickered.
“I battled my kin for you, girl. I created empires, fought to raise walls that would last forever. All turn to dust.”
He saw an [Empress] nervously perching on a chair. Sheta nibbled at some seeds as she listened. The Dragon spoke again.
“Why should I keep fighting for you? I have roused myself to destroy armies. Why another twenty, another thousand for your petty lives? I ask not out of malice.”
