7.25
Page 19
He found a throne, yanked it out of his treasure pile, eyed it, and found something actually comfortable to sit on. Ryoka kept sniffing, trying to suppress the tears. The Dragon cleared his throat. Awkwardly. Even his scales weren’t immune to this.
“You look—hurt. Allow me.”
He began parallel-casting a healing spell as he appraised her. And the Dragon looked around. He coughed, desperately.
“I think a handkerchief as well…stop using your shirt. Here. Cloth. And perhaps tea. I have a set of Drathian cups somewhere around here. Something to eat? Do you…like beef?”
Ryoka Griffin found herself blowing a nose on some incredibly expensive half-Elven sewn cloth probably worth more than your standard castle. And the Dragon rested on his claws, waiting for her to stop crying and tell him what had happened.
And that was the funny thing. Ryoka had tried, with plans and preparation to bargain with him, a dangerous task. Because Dragons were wise, or at least, old, and cunning. You couldn’t outwit a Dragon. You couldn’t even outclever them. But she had won her way in here by virtue of knowing a Dragon’s true weak spot. Or at least, this one’s.
He had a soft heart.
 
—-
 
“Please help me.”
The Dragon sat in his cave. Listening to the young woman pleading with him. Making her case.
He could smell the ash and death on her. And it reminded him of battlefields he had roamed. He had left the very same stench on a thousand thousand warzones, drowned in it.
It was all too familiar. As was her face. Pleading, made wretched by grief.
But she did not just beg. She had a pride. Pride enough to be humble.
“It seems we always meet amid tears and grief, Ryoka Griffin.”
The Brass Dragon spoke. The young woman had to laugh at that. Her tears were dried, although the remnants of them lingered in her voice and in the air. She flexed her right arm. And felt—better.
Completely. She looked up at the Dragon. He had healed her with a touch. She exhaled.
“That power. You healed me in a moment.”
The Dragon looked amused.
“Of course. Even among the mortals of today, healing spells are still known. [Restoration] is a high-tier spell. But at least one [Mage] is capable of casting it. Naturally, my healing is more complete.”
“Naturally. But if you can use it…can’t you understand what I’m asking?”
“I understand your argument. I know the entirety of it, girl. It sways me not at all. But continue.”
Teriarch harrumphed. Hot air and smoke blew around Ryoka, making her cough. She had a little table—Beastkin hand-carved, from Baleros—and a chair that might have belonged to some royal family in another era. Porcelain teacup from Drath—
A pile of medium-rare beef, sliced onto a plate. Richer than Wagyu beef. It practically melted on the tongue and made you keep eating. Ryoka had stopped after her third helping. But only just.
Yet, she was focused on the Dragon. She was also embarrassed. But she felt better.
And Teriarch was speaking. He eyed the little pile of electronic devices. But for Ryoka’s iPhone, they were all there.
A laptop, a pair of smartphones, a tablet—the prize of the group of Earthers under Magnolia’s protection. Ryoka had paid dearly for them.
But they were here. So the young woman pleaded.
“If you can do that. Surely you can spare knowledge. Some aid…?”
“No.”
His voice was flat. Not unkind. Unkind Dragons did not offer you tea. It was too sweet by far, ruining the delicate fragrance—but he had added sugar without thinking. Probably due to someone else’s influence.
“But why? You could catch them. Unless they’re too elusive for even a great Dragon to catch…?”
