7.25
Page 0

(Volume 2 of The Wandering Inn is now available for preorder on Audible!)
 
The Dragon slept in his cave. It was not—unusual. Sleeping Dragons were part of myth and legend. It was only when they woke up that trouble started. Usually. Sleepwalking Dragons were their own set of problems.
Or they had been. The time of Dragons was over. Everyone, that elusive body of people who had so many opinions, everyone knew that Dragons still existed in this world.
Probably. Somewhere. But the time when Dragons could be found, if not commonly, then with some regularity, was gone. Yes, some lived.
But they had faded. Like the Dwarves, their blood running thinner. The Giants, vanishing, their descendants shrinking with each generation. The half-Elves remained constant by virtue of their natures—but they forgot and dwindled.
All things die. The time of Dragons was done. And none knew it more than the one who slept.
Teriarch. Time passed by for the Dragon in a blink as he slept. No phone’s alarm rung him. He had it on silent-mode. No intruders found his cave, though adventurers were hunting in the High Passes, searching for Wyverns.
He was alone. Sleeping and passing years by like other mortals saw days roll by. Occasionally he did wake.
But not for long. Why wake? Sleep, yes. Sleep. He was old, and had few obligations left. If there was anyone who might have roused him—
She had made a promise. And it was not fulfilled. She still sent him messages, of course. They hovered around his head, caught in a little net of magic. They were aggressive, worried, chatty, or just introspective.
Letters from one of the few people who knew he was alive. And someone who cared—rarer still.
Old man, you haven’t called upon me in a long time. One of my carriages has broken down and I will pay you to fix it. Come and have tea. Oh—incidentally, I’m in possession of a number of technical marvels like the one Miss Ryoka gave you. Would you care to inspect them?
 
Teriarch, I have a situation with the Assassin’s Guild. Some scrying spells would be appreciated. If, of course, you can spare the energy to cast a spell? Contact me.
 
I may be heading to Oteslia in a short while. If you wake up, some advice about Drakes would be helpful. Gifts and whatnot…
 
I sent Sacra to check on you. You must have camouflaged your cave because she was unable to locate it. Is everything well? What is this incident with the Wyverns? Do let me know.
 
Little messages. Not proper letters; the High Passes had a problem with runners. Even they didn’t deliver there. Except the crazy ones. But still—correspondence.
He hadn’t read any of them, even when he’d been awake. Nor, as the letters mentioned, could anyone short of Magnolia herself rouse him. Perhaps she might have.
But she had made a promise. And concerned as the tone of her writing may be, she was used to this. So the Dragon slumbered on.
If he was aware of anything—it was the adventurers, some Silver but mostly Gold-ranks. Even two Named Adventurers, combing the High Passes. Sometimes hundreds of miles from him, hunting Frost Wyverns. But he sensed them, in a way that a cat senses mice rustling about.
No—rats. Enough rats or big ones could kill a cat. Something to be wary of. And—what he was ultimately waiting for.
Not these adventurers, specifically. The Dragon snorted a bit of smoke out as his dreams turned to the past, as they so often did.
Which would it be? A [Knight], armed with ancient artifacts? An adventurer, or a team of them, willing to die for glory and treasure?
