7.25
Page 6
Two seconds later the wagon exploded as a pair of [Fireballs] hit it. The other [Raiders] groaned and passed by the screaming donkeys, now on fire.
“Damn, that girl took all our sport! I want to level again!”
One of the riding Bloodfeast Raiders groaned. They were high on excitement. The fear along the road, the sensation of holding other’s lives in their hands—
It was so much fun. You could take someone prisoner if you really wanted. It was a nuisance, but the Bloodfeast Raiders had connections to Roshal. No one would catch you; they had an hour to wreak havoc.
And they were high-level. The city never stood a chance. The [Raider] with the daggers swooped down and shouted encouragingly.
“That just means they’re all inside the city, idiot.”
“Right. Target practice!”
The [Raiders] brightened. Celum lay ahead. Someone was blowing an alarm. The Bloodfeast Raiders brightened. Then—one swore.
“That idiot made it on the walls. Looks like you won’t get a chance to hire her—”
The rest of their words were drowned out by a sudden howl in the air. Wind blasted the two airborne [Raiders] out of the sky. The ones on the ground saw the raider with the dagger slam into the ground.
“Gah! Dead gods!”
They screamed. The one on the carpet hung on for dear life as the winds tossed them, threatening to throw them to earth. The other [Raiders] felt sand blasting their masks. Bits of metal were flying through the air.
“That bitch. I’m going to cut out her eyes.”
One of them swore. The figure on the walls was pointing at them. But it was just wind, however much it threatened to toss them.
They were the Bloodfeast Raiders. A gust actually picked up the one with the spear, but they stabbed it into the ground, anchoring themselves. Even the fallen [Raider] with the daggers hadn’t been hurt. And the one with the bow took aim.
“Idiot.”
They loosed an arrow. It didn’t miss.
 
—-
 
Ryoka experienced her run to Celum in bursts of reality amid the panic and fear. She didn’t remember clearing the road to Celum, only bursting through the gates, following a pair of frightened [Riders].
“The Bloodfeast Raiders are coming! Get to Liscor! Get to the door!”
She screamed at the [Guards]. They stared blankly at her.
“The Bloodfeast…?”
“Get to the door! To The Wandering Inn! Then close it!”
It was so simple. They had to get as many people through as possible! Then—then shut the connection! Bring through Relc—bring through Gold-ranks! If they could fight the Bloodfeast Raiders. They could, right? Ryoka ran through the streets, shouting.
Few people were outdoors given the heavy rain of a few minutes ago. But it was too early for sleep. Ryoka ran, shouting around the stitch in her side.
“The Bloodfeast raiders are coming! Get to the magic door! Get to safety!”
People on the streets turned to look at Ryoka. Most were just shocked—stunned. That was a normal, Human reaction.
It was going to get them killed. But Ryoka ran down the familiar streets, screaming. And as shock wore off—panic set in.
People began to scream. Ryoka shouted at them to follow her and ran—
The door was barricaded. A sign said ‘closed permanently, moved to Liscor.’ Ryoka found herself hammering on it, slamming her shoulder into Octavia’s door.
But the shop was empty. Ryoka looked at the people around her. Someone was blowing a call to alarm. Screaming filled the air.
“Where did it go? Where’s the door?”
She was grabbing someone and shaking them. A [Mayor], his face white. He babbled.
