7.25
Page 38
Erin looked at her friend. It wasn’t a denial. Just asking—what, specifically Ryoka was sorry about. The young Asian woman looked around. Then at Erin.
So many things to say. All she could say though was…
“For not coming back sooner.”
They looked at each other. Ryoka lowered her eyes—then forced herself to meet Erin’s eyes. She opened her mouth. And Erin ran forwards and hugged her.
“You idiot! We missed you.”
“Yeah. Yeah.”
That was all Ryoka could think to say. She hugged Erin back fiercely. And then she took a deep breath. She was so exhausted.
But more tired of running away. It was time to go back. Ryoka was afraid. But it had to be done.
One little step at a time. For those better days. She hoped Lupp would smile when she told him.
“…I should have brought some corn.”
“What?”
 
—-
 
They were the smallest of things. A meeting in a city amid all that devastation. A lone traveller walking through Celum, shaking his head at the desolation.
But they mattered. Heads turned as the man—no—half-Elf walked through the gates. He was tall. Statuesque, really. Perfect, even as half-Elves went.
He was also a [Mage]. Or you could guess by his robes. His eyes were mismatched. One heliotrope, the other cerulean.
“Halfhearted. Well, I suppose this identity is good for something. What a mess. Why hasn’t Reinhart done anything about this? This…”
The man looked around. Dismayed by the suffering. This was why he didn’t come outside. But this was only…
A shadow. A passing fancy. Just to talk to that annoying Runner who didn’t even have the courtesy of collecting her side of the bargain. The stranger helpfully omitted the fact that he’d forgotten too.
“Just for a small break. She also has to show me more functions. Yes—yes. Her side of the bargain is unfulfilled. So this is completely necessary.”
He harrumphed. And followed the trail of magic leading him towards Ryoka Griffin. If you accounted for the variance in her name, it was easy to find her. Elementary.
He walked towards Ryoka Griffin and a young woman he thought he recognized from somewhere, hugging in the street. The grumpy old man wanted to ask why a farting Ogre was frozen on the laptop screen.
It was just a little thing. But it changed the world. As Ryoka looked up from Erin’s embrace, her eyes went round. She saw the figure smiling at her. She knew his name.
Of course—
He was a Dragon.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes: And I am done. This was a hard chapter, and one long-coming. It kicked my butt. The first part was completely cursed. My keyboard tray lost a screw, bugs attacked me…
But the chapter was done. As always. This chapter was experimental. I get only one chance, for every single chapter. Unless I rewrite them.
I haven’t yet, really. I hope you liked this. Up and down and sideways. That’s all from me. I’m going to leave you with some art. See you next time.
Today’s art is by Anito, who did an amazing Toren and Ijvani and Erin. ExtraordinaryBasic who did a Ryoka, extremely topical and wonderful for the chapter and AuspiciousOctopi, who’s done Maviola, Mrsha and Apista and other great art already! Thanks so much to them all!
 
https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
https://ko-fi.com/anito
 
Erin, Fire, and Skeletons by Anito
                               
 
Ryoka by ExtraordinaryBasic

 
Maviola, Numbtongue, and Mrsha and Apista by Auspicious Octopi
                                     
 

