7.25
Page 25
The girl scornfully corrected Teriarch. The Dragon exhaled a plume of flame at her and Magnolia ducked with a squeak. Ressa just laughed; Teriarch wouldn’t harm her.
“Don’t get uppity with me, girl. And stop calling me that!”
“I’ll call you what I want. You’re just old. And tired.”
Grumbling, Magnolia got to her feet. She crammed another ultra-sweet biscuit into her mouth. It was amazing she could eat as much as she did and not grow fat. But she was young, sixteen, and vibrated with energy.
Or maybe that was the sugar-high. The [Lady] stalked back and forth; she had plans. Visions of the future.
“We can do it. Drakes and Humans can work together.”
“You stole their lands. I remember when all of Izril was occupied by Drakes and Gnolls. And Harpies. The Nagas even had a settlement—ah, but those were bitter wars between Drakes and Lizardfolk. They still remember.”
“History. Boring.”
Ressa rolled her eyes. Teriarch saw her climbing up towards a throne made of jade. Sitting there would confer unto her the power of an ancient empire until her death. He flicked her off and the [Maid] somersaulted through the air and grumpily went off to look at his books. He sighed and pulled the shelves of cursed books out of the way.
“I can do it. The past is the past, Teriarch. And I can unify Izril. I don’t have to be a tyrant. I don’t want to be one. If we can stop fighting—we can bring peace to Izril. To Baleros, and Chandrar. That stupid King of Destruction can’t beat everyone. Izril needs to unite and fight him. And if we can beat him? We can make this world better. And I promise you—it won’t be like all the other times.”
“You couldn’t bring peace to a pair of squirrels fighting over an acorn.”
The Dragon snorted at her. Magnolia strode up to him and poked him in the snout, hard. He went cross-eyed. She spoke, seriously.
“Let me try. I can do it. Just watch, old man. I can unify the north and south. Stop my family from playing their twisted games. And when I do—I want you to leave this cave and come with me.”
“But what will you show me that I have not already seen?”
The Dragon sighed, suddenly tired of this debate. Magnolia Reinhart smiled, and her eyes sparkled with mischief and courage.
“I don’t know. But neither do you. Isn’t it worth finding out what the future holds?”
Something flickered in his eyes. The Dragon half-rose. But he offered her no vows of loyalty. No great wisdom. They were just companions. He had taught her the past, and she was resolved. Some small bits of aid, that was all. She would do it herself. And when she did—he looked out of his cave.
“I will think about it.”
Magnolia hugged him, impulsively. The Dragon eyed the young [Lady] who laughed as she hugged his snout. Then he blew her off with a snort. But he smiled.
 
—-
 
Then and now. The Dragon sat in his cave and refused to budge. An army couldn’t change a Dragon’s mind. He had defended his lair against Wyverns and he would die fighting rather than give up his treasures to another Dragon. They had scales as hard as mithril, egos as stubborn as Dwarves.
But hearts as soft as silk and cotton. The old man looked at another little girl. And there were so many he had met. Even if they were not so much girlish or little.
Now, another one had come. Or had she already been here and was this another memory? The Dragon didn’t know. But he lay there, more tired than he had been in any of his memories, even with Magnolia Reinhart. That probably made this reality.
