7.25
Page 36
Let alone…Drassi saw Olesm appear in the doorway. He was relieving Bevussa, who’d scoured the area with her team. No Bloodfeast Raiders. They’d left.
“Where’s Erin?”
The Drake looked around.
“In the city. We’re mostly done finding the…bodies. Yellow Splatters has excavated the houses. It’s just finding everyone a bed. Erin’s still out there. I’ll send someone to bring her back.”
Drassi nodded. She looked out into the city, waiting until Erin Solstice came back.
But she didn’t. The people kept coming in, directed here by the [Innkeeper]. Mrsha eventually fell asleep in the kitchen and Ishkr put her in her bed. But the adults kept working, some passing out for lack of sleep.
Invrisil wanted to help too, but the door couldn’t support all the magical influx. Nevertheless, Wesle and Jasi insisted on coming, and they were also—beacons.
They shone brightly, as the sun began to rise. Before Drassi knew it, it was morning. She woke up on a table, and realized she’d fallen asleep.
“I’m sorry! I’ll go do the door—”
She looked around. But Lyonette, serving breakfast, shook her head.
“You worked hard, Drassi. Rest. Most of the transfers are done.”
“Where’s Erin?”
“Still in Celum. She’s been awake all night. She’s just—there. I tried to make her come back. But she, Maviola, Olesm—they were up all night.”
As if the [Princess] hadn’t been keeping pace with them. Lyonette yawned. She was ready to drop.
But for a bit longer…the inn’s resting Skill had kept the people inside it up long past normal people’s endurance.
So, in Celum, Erin Solstice stood in the morning sunlight. She looked around, staggering.
“You okay? You have somewhere to sleep?”
She looked around. The [Carpenter] nodded. His shop was converted into a living space for his extended family. She had known him. He’d made the baseball bats. His name was…Erin wavered. The [Carpenter] had to steady her.
“We’re okay, Miss. You should rest.”
“I’m fine. This isn’t anything. You have room? We can put people up in Liscor or Esthelm if it’s too crowded.”
She smiled at him. The man looked around.
“Not yet, Miss. We’ll…see. We might figure it out today. The [Builders] were talking about putting up houses. But there’s graves to be dug first, bodies to be burned.”
Erin’s smile vanished.
“Yeah.”
She looked around. Celum was…burnt. Thousands were out of homes. The door hadn’t been able to transport them all, but it would begin transporting more today to Esthelm or Liscor.
At least, this would not be another Esthelm. Esthelm had been very insistent on making sure the undead would not rise. But rebuilding would be…
People were walking around. Many aimlessly, just looking around, exclaiming over the damage, looking for friends and family.
Trying to wake up from the dream. And realizing it was reality, which was far worse. Erin turned. She saw a lost man sitting on the ground. Timbor Parthian, the [Innkeeper] with the big beard sat in front of his inn. It was gone.
“I’ll go to sleep in a bit.”
Erin walked over towards him. The man looked up as if he’d seen a ghost. His eyes were full of tears. They had been enemies a day ago. But Erin just sat next to him. She could relate to his pain. And there was no magic for him. But—there might be. The Antinium were her friends.
That was the [Innkeeper]’s power. Not as fiery as Maviola, who had taken command, or Olesm—but just as strong in her way. Erin hugged Timbor as he broke down.
After a while, Erin made Timbor come with her. She took him to the magic door, helped get him through the line.
