7.25
Page 24
“I know it may be fruitless, sire. But if it is—why did we ever stop making nests on cliffs? Why do we strive, if not for this temporary today?”
The child’s words astonished the Dragon. He blinked one eye at her. His radiant clothing—Dragonclothes, which were more decorative than anything, flickered in the winds whipping the high citadel of Iltanus, crown jewel of Izril, in the very center, along the High Passes. The Empire, which ruled over Terandria and Izril, lay below them. Vast lands filled with the Walled Cities—who alone did not kneel to the Harpies, yet who still maintained a wary peace.
For Teriarch was sworn to defend Iltanus. And his distant children, the Drakes, were wary of his might. And Iltanus’. Now, Sheta, First-Wingdaughter of Iltanus, looked earnestly up at the Dragon and pleaded with him to stay another generation. He had sworn to leave after her father died. But she asked nonetheless.
“Shouldn’t we do all that we can to make the Empire as plentiful as we can? That is why I was born. To rule. I must do it well.”
“And what happens when that conviction fades? Or you cannot answer their every complaint? What happens to your children should you bear them, Empress?”
The Dragon whispered at her. The same question that he had—no—would ask the Quarass. Had asked her father. Why strive against forever?
The Harpy girl bridled her wings and looked at him defiantly.
“I do not know. But I hope you will judge me and all those. I trust you, Lord Teriarch. I know I am not as intelligent as my father. Or as brave. Perhaps I am flawed. Perhaps, as you say, none of this matters. But you still fly with us. So, I must believe this.”
She touched her breast with one wing.
“If I do not matter, if Iltanus does not—if we are but dust in ages to come, he who is immortal and eternal will remember us. And if he remembers us well, we will surely not die.”
She closed her eyes as she said that last. Sheta nervously cracked one eye open and saw the Dragon gaping at her.
“Um. Was that a good answer?”
“…Yes.”
Weakly, the Dragon replied. A fledgling had said that to him. And he was caught again. Another generation. Because he had to know—what kind of ruler she might be. The Dragon bowed his head. And unasked, he began to recite an oath of loyalty for the third generation of Iltanus’ rulers, that it might endure a moment longer.
 
—-
 
The young [Lady] pursed her lips as she nibbled on a biscuit. Her maid flipped a dagger over, bored with the debate. Magnolia Reinhart looked around the cave, so close to Liscor.
In the shadow of Iltanus’ capital. Sometimes, Teriarch dreamed of flying higher, of sitting where Sheta and he had spoken.
But the capital had been lost so long ago, few even remembered the name of Iltanus. Even Dragons, what few remained. Now, only monsters prowled the High Passes. And they were dangerous, even to him.
He seldom left the cave. But this young, upstart of a [Lady] was determined to drag him out. Magnolia Reinhart, who was chewing on a biscuit she’d brought him, looked up at Teriarch and swallowed before replying.
“You may tire of it. But I do not. So no peace endures? No kingdom lasts? But we did it. It can be done. And isn’t that worth the effort, to bring peace to the entire world?”
The old Dragon snorted, wearily. But he had to correct her.
“Not Humans. Well—once. In ages past—half-Elves earned the dubious distinction of ‘world peace’ twice. True peace, yes. But never without fault. Always with sacrifice, sometimes terrible sacrifice for ‘peace’. Is that worth it?”
“Is it better than doing nothing, old man?”
