7.25
Page 7
“They took the door! It’s no longer here! Hasn’t been for weeks! It’s not the Bloodfeast Raiders is it? It’s…but we got rid of The Wandering Inn! We did!”
He looked at her. Pleadingly. Asking her to deny reality. Ryoka let go of him. She stumbled back.
“We’re all dead.”
That was all she said. She saw a family began to wail behind the [Mayor]. He was shouting for everyone to get indoors. As if that helped. The Raiders had [Fireball] wands.
Then she was on the walls. Ryoka Griffin stood with the frightened City Watch. Looking at the ███ approaching [Raiders]. So few. But they were throwing [Fireballs] at the city walls.
One detonated and blew a squad into pieces. Ryoka flinched. That was what was wrong with this world.
That was what was so glorious.
You could have monsters with levels that no one could beat. Who could just conjure [Fireballs]. A person shouldn’t have skin like steel, the ability to create explosions. That was like—superheroes among mortals.
But you could have heroes. You could have legends.
And monsters. Ryoka raised a trembling hand.
“Please—”
Not long ago she had been part of a [Witch]’s story. And she had felt helpless. Ryoka Griffin was a Runner in a story about heroes and demons. She couldn’t stop this.
But she had to try.
The wind blew hard, fighting against the [Clear Weather] spell. It fought Ryoka too; it didn’t always obey. But it had to.
The blast of air knocked two the Raiders out of the air. Ryoka poured the contents of her bag of holding into the wind, threw it into the Bloodfeast Raider’s faces. She saw the one on the carpet being flung around in the air.
“Fall. Break your neck! Die!”
Ryoka screamed at the wind. The one with █████ had hit the ground, but they were alive. But the one on the carpet was clinging to it. Ryoka willed the wind to dash them into pieces.
Kill them. Break them into pieces.
And yet—the wind fought her. Refused to hurl the [Raider] into the earth so hard they became paste. And Ryoka realized—she was fighting herself.
It was so hard to kill people. She wanted to. But it was still—hard. No—it was easy. All it took was a wand and the will to point it. But it was hard for her to do it, still.
She didn’t want it to ever be easy. She didn’t want to be—
The wind blew. But the [Raider] righted themselves. And the bow aimed at Ryoka. She saw a flicker.
The arrow went through her shoulder and out the other side without stopping. Ryoka felt a tug, spun around with the impact and stared at her arm. The hole in her body.
A gaping, jagged hole in her right shoulder. Her arm wouldn’t move. Ryoka saw a [Fireball] arcing towards the walls. Another detonated; hit the portcullis and blew a hole in part of it. All ███ were throwing [Fireballs] now. The [Guards] tried to return fire, but they were out of range. And the two who tried to use spell and bow—were killed in a moment.
High levels versus low. The [Guards] started to flee. Ryoka looked down.
“That’s a lot of blood.”
She vaguely reached for a healing potion. But it slipped out of her grip. Ryoka saw the [Raider] with the spear racing for the gates. She had to stop him.
But the wind—wouldn’t obey her. And she was so weak. Valceif? He could have done something. But she had killed him.
Even Erin would have done more. Ryoka felt that same, familiar feeling.
If only she had levels. She couldn’t remember why she’d ever refused them. Silly pride. A suspicion…Ryoka lay down. Or the floor rose up and caught her as gently as a bat hitting a baseball.
