7.25
Page 30
Worthless. A junk computer compared to newer models. She looked up at the Dragon. And after all the bargaining, pleading, speeches on ethics and so on—she had to say it.
“I know I come to you a lot for help.”
“That is true. You have a habit of pleading for my assistance. And I have given it three times already. My point exactly.”
The Dragon looked taken aback at the admission. He tapped one claw against the floor, cleared his throat.
“…Not that I hold a grudge. I understand that I am a miraculous existence for you. But you must understand my position.”
“Yeah. I get it.”
Ryoka watched as the desktop—with Kevin on a skateboard doing a trick—appeared. It was a communal computer now; the others had shown Ryoka what was on it.
Videogames. Even the basic stuff like Solitaire was a good amount of entertainment since this was the only laptop. Not many good games, though. But Kevin had decent amount of pirated stuff.
Even some DVD’s in the carrying case. Ryoka opened the disc tray—the laptop was old enough to have one unlike some models. But that had actually been amazingly good; it meant Kevin had movies. Music tracks. He’d pirated a lot.
Also—porn. Ryoka had nearly deleted the folder, but Joseph, Kevin, Leon, and Troy had all sworn eternal vengeance if she did. She sighed as she sat there. The Dragon craned his head.
“We do meet in times of distress, Ryoka Griffin.”
The young woman didn’t move. Teriarch heard her reply, faintly, as she clicked with some tiny object and the light changed around her. He couldn’t see what she was doing.
“I know. And I do know that I ask for a lot. It’s just—well, it is like meeting a Genie in a bottle.”
“Djinni.”
She glanced back at him.
“Yeah. But I never really say…‘thank you’, do I? I always run over, we talk, I cry, and run away. I do that a lot. Just run away from my problems.”
The Dragon blinked. Ryoka met his eyes and he shuffled uncomfortably.
“I am used to it. Believe me, I understand your greed. Not even greed; your desires. And as I recall—the last time we met, your heart exploded.”
“Yeah. Good times. But you brought me back. I…have a lot of immortal friends. Ivolethe…Fierre…”
“Do not lump me in with a faerie and Vampire.”
The Dragon huffed. Ryoka saw a screen flicker up. She clicked furiously. No! Not the default video software! Damn it, Kevin! Don’t you have one that’s—she sighed. Still loading.
“Yeah. Sorry. But you’ve been—kind.”
“Marginally.”
The Dragon uncomfortably turned his head. What was she doing? Ryoka sat there. No great and glorious gifts. But she would not leave here empty-handed. She closed her eyes.
“I will meet Ivolethe again. Please tell me how. And I’ll help Fierre. Even if that potion doesn’t cure her underlying problems.”
She glanced back at the Dragon. He winced. Reinhart was going to kill him if Vampires returned. But then he saw Ryoka press a button. And a voice spoke.
From the computer. The Dragon frowned. Ryoka looked at him as the opening scene played. The Dragon was distracted, trying to glance around her, but she blocked the screen.
“You can have your electronics. Copy them. But before that—can I sit here for a while? I want to show you something.”
“You want to stay here? Absolutely not. This is my cave. I am a busy Dragon—er—I have important things to do! What is that? Who’s speaking?”
The Dragon glared at Ryoka. She smiled.
“Call it the third wish. It’s just a little gift. And I insist. I have to stop running away. So—for my third wish—”
“I’m not giving you a magical ring.”
