7.25
Page 17
It had been a long run. Well—walk. Run and walk and…Ryoka tried to remember her grand speech. Despite the strange opening, this was falling into simulation Route D with possible crossover with Routes B and E of her ‘Teriarch persuasion plan’.
“I know, Lord Teriarch. And I am exceedingly grateful for your generosity. I wouldn’t bother you at all, but I have brought you a—bargain. I carry a treasure with me.”
She almost said ‘gift’, but her internal notes on Route D told her to try bargaining first. And the Dragon’s eyes did light up a bit.
“Indeed? I recall the last time you offered me something, Ryoka Griffin. And your little device was amusing. For a while. But you have gall, to trespass here and dare to bargain.”
He rose, and a smirk of contempt and amusement, as the giant to the ant, ran across his face for a moment. Ryoka winced. This was like Route E. Shit.
She drew herself upright.
“Great Dragon—”
What was the next line? Teriarch blinked at her, and tapped one earhole.
“Speak. My patience wears thin.”
They killed all of them. My fault. Celum’s still on fire. What am I doing?
Ryoka pushed the thoughts away. The Dragon was enjoying this. Or so it seemed. He had an amazing poker face, but she knew he had an ego and liked being—a Dragon to mere mortals. She tried again.
“Apologies, Great Dragon. Perhaps I should say—I have a gift and a bargain to be struck. I would not intrude on your abode without making an offering. But the gift and treasure go together.”
“Hrm. Very fitting. But why would I wish for treasure that you could obtain? You waste my time with frivolities, girl. If this treasure is not to my liking—I may decide to incinerate you for the vexation alone.”
The Dragon paced back and forth, eying Ryoka up and down. His eyes glittered as they fixed on her bag of holding and his smile widened a tiny bit. He knew. Ryoka bowed, keeping her face straight.
“Not just any treasure, your—er—Lord of Flames. I am aware of my insignificance. My lack of worth…”
She trailed off. Gulped.
“…I can’t even stop an arrow. Or a bunch of [Raiders]. I’m not a [Guardsman], let alone an adventurer. I’m useless against most people. [Witches]—monsters. Even small ones…”
The Dragon blinked. This upsell was getting long. Ryoka knew it. She shook her head.
“…but this gift and treasure isn’t from this world. But from mine. It is unique. Valuable beyond compare, that even a Dragon might covet what is one-of-a-kind. For—even if the objects are similar, the knowledge within is vast and unique.”
Ryoka swore she saw the Dragon nod slightly, and another flicker-smile crossed his face. She spread her arms.
“You have used my iPhone, my treasure from another world. And what I have, Teriarch, are objects of equal worth or more. Just like this—”
Route D. The young woman reached for her side. Opened her little carrying case. And pulled out nothing.
Her iPhone was gone. Ryoka looked at her side.
“The—iPhone. Just like the one you have.”
She pointed at the iPhone hovering in front of Teriarch. The Dragon frowned.
“Have you…lost your device that you claim is worth so much?”
“No. It was stolen.”
Ryoka saw him blink. She felt a lump in her throat.
“It was [Raiders]. The Bloodfeast Raiders.”
Another brief pause. The Dragon sniffed dismissively.
“The—ah. That pestilential group. Well, it seems my possession has increased in value, would you not agree?”
He bared his teeth. Ryoka matched his smile.
“Yes, well, it was just this evening, actually. I just met them.”
