7.25
Page 13
In that moment, Teriarch the Dragon did not recall that he had hired adventurers to hunt Wyverns for him. Waking from his sleep, he only had instinct. And that was—from experience—that no group of idiots would ever assail a Dragon without taking the measures to kill a Dragon. He was prepared for armies lying in hiding, Level 70 [Rogues] jumping out of teacups and so on—
And then a bit of magic triggered automatically. The Dragon blinked as, before his eyes, words flashed. At the same time, the same concepts began speaking in his head.
Magic. Rather like the iPhone’s ability to take notes. The Dragon’s eyes flickered.
“…Oh. The Wyverns.”
He shook his head. His temporary freak out faded. He exhaled a plume of fire, remembering. Relaxing. More information played.
The Dragon reviewed them grumpily. High Passes. Yes, yes, the High Passes, his second cave. He’d put up ward spells…talked with the Goblin. Oh? Yes, it had been fruitful. He should induce some dust into the Dragonthrone so he could clean it properly and give it that ‘lived-in vibe’.
More notes played in the Dragon’s head. He relaxed. Outside—the Gold-rank team of Todi’s Elites had the opposite reaction.
“My [Dangersense] is going insane. Abort! Abort!”
Todi screamed. The Gold-ranks fled, screaming and teleporting away in a panic. They had no idea what had caused their sudden sense of impending death, but one of the rules of adventuring was that you didn’t ask questions when you felt a [Dangersense] alarm. You just ran.
Inside the cave, Teriarch was still…processing. The Dragon harrumphed as the adventurers fled. He was half-tempted to intercept their teleport spell, bring them into the cave and squish one of them for waking him from his nap. It wouldn’t be much of a waste. They’d never kill the Wyvern Lord with little wands of [Fireball].
“Silver-ranks.”
The Dragon snorted dismissively. Possibly Bronze-rank since it was just a team that relied on equipment. A good Adventurer’s Guild had to be discerning about Skill vs skill vs money.
That aside, the Dragon began to think as he looked around his cave. Absently, he wandered over and rummaged around in his hoard. Someone had organized it recently—him. But since he’d forgotten the standard to which he’d organized it—monetary value based on a calculation of raw magical value? Idiotic—he ended up tossing things around.
“I should just pile things up by category. But how do you categorize keyblades? Stupid smiths and their combination weapons. Not to mention transforming weapons. Where’s that spoon that transforms into a rapier? Hrm, hrm…”
Distracted by a thought, the Dragon hunted for the spoon. He amused himself by making it transform into the deadly sneak-attack weapon created by a true madman. Or madwoman, as the case had been.
Teriarch had notes. Mental, magical notes, and physical ones. After all, if you couldn’t remember every little detail of what made the Concealed Spoonblade forged by Maia Whitforgers of the Terminus Dynasty which had claimed fifty-eight lives until the [Assassin] killed themselves while eating soup—what was the point?
And his hoard was much like Teriarch, caught in the past. The Dragon flicked the Spoonblade over his shoulder after another second, instantly bored. He hunted around again.
“Food, food…there.”
He found an armoire of holding and shook it out. It was probably the wrong vessel to store food in, but Teriarch’s notes indicated there was about a thousand pounds of prime beef in it.
