7.25
Page 14
He licked his lips as the meat fell out of the armoire. The Dragon flicked his claws. Obviously, he wasn’t an uncivilized Dragon. He ate out of a bowl, delicately lifting morsels to his mouth and chewing.
“Ah, the breed of cow this beef comes from is extinct. For the last eight hundred years.”
Smugly, the Dragon savored his meal. The rarity only made it better. He didn’t need to eat, and it gave him dreadful indigestion sometimes. But treats were treats.
He couldn’t finish all thousand pounds of the beef—well, he could, but not without wasting a one-of-a-kind meal, so after about three hundred pounds, Teriarch put it back in the armoire and updated his notes.
It was only then that he realized he had a cluster of [Message] spells metaphorically hovering around his head. He snorted.
“What is this? ‘Confirmation of bounty regarding Wyverns…?’ I sent the payment! Do Adventurer’s Guilds not know how to give out gold these days? Disgraceful.”
The Dragon slapped his tail, shredding the [Message] spell. He frowned, reading another one.
“Invitation to Grand Magus Eldavin of…who? To attend a conference at Wistram?”
He blinked a few times. This one was fresh. The Dragon scratched at his metallic mane. Then a note flickered into his mind.
“Oh.”
One of his fake personae. He’d made it and this one hadn’t expired due to natural causes yet. The Dragon grumpily filed this one away. He had no time for Wistram’s games. That damned Zelkyr probably just wanted more funding for his Golems. If he wanted to make money, he should make more Truestone Golems and sell them! As if three was all that great.
“When they were first invented, there was an army of a hundred. And weren’t they hard to smash? That puffed up little Drake with his female sculptures…”
The old Brass Dragon huffily ranted for a second. And then he remembered.
Zelkyr was dead.
The Dragon sat back. And instead of old, he was ancient. He blinked a few times. But—he didn’t dwell on it. He looked up.
Then he read Magnolia Reinhart’s messages to him. The Dragon’s eyes widened.
“That insane girl actually managed to—[Assassins]? Bah, a plague on them. And I’m not her [Enchanter] on house call! But she’s going to Oteslia? She’s just a girl! The Wall Lords will eat her. Perhaps literally.”
The Dragon got up and began to pace. And for the first time, a bit of anxiety entered his voice.
“What’s the date on the last [Message] spell? Hrm. Not too long ago. Perhaps I could fly out and—”
He paused at the entrance to his cave. A…thing stood outside his cave. Teriarch’s eyes crossed.
And Todi looked up at him. Or perhaps—not Todi. It had his face. But Todi’s arms were too long. His eyes unfocused. He swung around.
“Thing. Begone.”
Teriarch stared at the creature of the High Passes. It backed up. The Dragon regarded it. It regarded him.
He inhaled. Todi leapt. It was gone before Teriarch could exhale. The Dragon blinked a few times. Backed up.
He redoubled his ward spells on the entrance of his cave. Then he paced back to his cave and sat down.
“…Perhaps a simulacra of me. Yes.”
He hesitated as he began to weave a representation of himself to go out into the world. And his concern for Magnolia Reinhart, genuine and urgent—turned to suspicion.
“Wait. Is this a prank to get me out of my cave?”
The Dragon narrowed his eyes. There was no way Magnolia Reinhart would have ever received an invitation to go to a Walled City. The Drakes would hop into bed with the Gnolls and marry Lizardfolk before they approached one of the Five Families.
