7.25
Page 23
“That my people may live—I would do anything. Compromise my values, change what I am. Die—I have done so thrice already. Better to be cruel that we may live, Dragonlord of Flame. I speak with you to learn; I entreat that we may never see such depravities as before. We are no one’s toys.”
Teriarch considered this.
“Well said. But then—what of my words. Why should I help you?”
The young woman, who was already centuries old, tilted her head thoughtfully.
“You claim this matters not. But you and your people fought your own kind. You saw the depravities of Dragonkind and even now, Dragons splinter into factions. Surely, then, you are troubled by the plight of us. Ants we may be. But I gave my life for Germina. And I will again and again. And you—I think you are a liar, Dragon.”
She pointed up at the Dragon. And he listened, smiling, the greatest predator. The Quarass turned to him.
“I believe you care. Even for ants. And you will teach me. For if you do not—you are the same monsters my poison has consumed. Morality separates you from a beast. So even if time makes our achievements worthless—you will save Germina’s people today because it matters to you.”
A fine answer. The Dragon still laughed. The Quarass looked up at him, affronted, wary.
And he spoke.
“Ah, how little you know, Quarass. Believe what you will. Power is something I strived for, though I was given it. But I am Dragonlord, unmatched even among my peers. I share my power with none.” 
The sun shone down on Zeikhal. Beautiful, fleeting. The desert bloomed. The Dragon inclined his head to her, a [Dragonslayer]. An enemy, but a worthy one. And one who had given her soul to immortality for her people. Yes, for her, he bowed his head and spoke.
“I fought my kin because of disgust, not morality. And I offer you my wisdom out of respect. I am no one’s savior. If you would be Germina’s—what will you sacrifice?”
For answer, the Quarass just opened her arms. And Teriarch roared with laughter. The Quarass laughed too.
She spread her arms wide and he and she laughed as they walked through the endless flowers. They spoke, and he gave her knowledge. They swore a pact, in that moment of bloom.
Blood from the Quarass’ bare feet ran onto the dusty soil where the new growths pricked her. But she never said a word.
 
—-
 
Empress Sheta couldn’t contain her dismay. She paced back and forth, hunched, in the Dawn Gazebo, as the two spoke in her palace. Teriarch was perched on the cliff, his head level with the young [Empress]. At last, she had a reply, which she voiced tremulously.
“Honor, your High Eminence?”
“Honor?”
The Dragon’s smile made the girl flinch. She fluttered her wings slightly. The Royal Harpy girl pecked at the bowl of seeds in front of her, nervously. But her words were dignified as she ruffled her wings.
“Yes, High Eminence. Honor, duty—forgive me. I am not skilled with words, as a [Diplomat].”
The Dragon waved it away.
“Speak. And why do you address me so?”
He was pleased by the appellation, but curious. The Harpy girl ducked her head slightly.
“They told me to address you as High Eminence Teriarch, the Starfire Dragon of Iltanus and Ward-Regent of Voltail. And your other titles.”
“Er—yes. To be expected, even from the [Empress] of Iltanus. But you may go on with less…pomp.”
The Dragon coughed, embarrassed. He had insisted on proper respect, but it was something to be called it so sincerely by the little girl fluttering her wings and staring at him in awe. Sheta spoke carefully—and she could not have been more than fourteen, yet to grow her adult wing-feathers.
