7.25
Page 27
A snort of fury rolled through the cave. Ryoka hesitated. But the irritation was in itself a new emotion. The Dragon felt drowsiness leaving him. He debated teleporting her ten miles up in the air. But he listened as Ryoka Griffin backed up. She touched the little devices of plastic and metal. Quietly now, she looked at him.
“I don’t have much to offer you, I know. Curiosity. Trinkets. I came here because…I’m lost, Teriarch. I keep trying to move forwards. But every time I do, it feels like I fuck everything up. If the world is dust to you—it feels fragile to me. Like glass. I know what that’s like.”
She gazed up at him. Slowly, Ryoka sat down on the ground, bowed her head.
“It’s so hard to be…better. But you have to try. Or you’re stuck in the same place forever. And I’m so tired of being that person. But the world keeps kicking you when you’re down. It’s so hard to change.”
Empires fell to dust. The Dragon looked at Ryoka, and understood her completely. Only, he saw the inverse.
It was impossible to stop change. He had tried to hold onto Iltanus. Defended it until the last city fell. He had tried to forget.
But they always stood before him, just so. Ryoka Griffin looked around. At the treasures of the past. And she pointed out of his cave. Urgently, looking at him.
“Show me there’s hope out there. Or show me what a monster is. You’re supposed to be the most powerful being in this world. Don’t sleep. Please. I want to believe in something. Show me—there’s a way out of the darkness. I need to see the light. And what better radiance than Dragonfire?”
She stopped then, panting. Hoping. The Dragon looked at her. And felt her words tugging at him. He closed his eyes, thinking.
“…Fifty seven points.”
Ryoka Griffin blinked. She looked up at Teriarch. The Dragon elaborated, cracking one eye open.
“Out of a hundred. The point about multiple worlds was well-made. Rather typical, calling upon my status as a being of myth and legend. Bringing up Rhir and the fae—good. This [Witch]—no. Not the same league of threat to me. Just a busybody. I have no idea who this King of Destruction is. A rather insulting riddle, but I will allow a touching finish.”
The young woman just stared, flummoxed. Fifty seven? That was a failing grade no matter how you sliced it. The Dragon continued.
“And you are wrong about one thing. Rhir. That is not a—your understanding is incomplete. No. I take points off for that. Well done, nonetheless. For the attempt.”
He folded his claws and looked at her. Ryoka looked at him and felt a sinking sensation in her chest.
“…What? You won’t do anything?”
The Dragon’s voice was level.
“A moment ago, Magnolia Reinhart stood in front of me. I’d give her sixty-two points. And I did not stir for her. Make no mistake, Ryoka Griffin. Your plea moved me. If you had made it ten thousand years ago, let alone in my youth—I would have agreed. But not today. Do not curse yourself. Curse only the countless numbers of your kind who have beseeched me with the same grand speeches.”
Ryoka felt the energy draining out of her. She had to catch herself before she fell backwards on the ground. She struggled to sit up.
“But—please?”
“I am tired.”
That was all the Dragon said. Desperately, Ryoka got to her feet. She hurried over to the pile of devices.
“But what about this? At least—if I give you one as a gift—won’t you help me?”
She had begged him for his aid to make the world right. Which was Route G, a long-shot even in her eyes. At least though…Ryoka held up the laptop.
Teriarch eyed it wearily.
“A curio. But I have seen your other device.”
