7.25
Page 26
Was it all just a dream? He closed his eyes and if he did—he could imagine all those countless aeons of struggle had just been a dream. For what was left? Only memory.
And even the memory of Dragons faded before infinity.
“But what a pleasant dream.”
The Dragon rose, stretching his wings out. The young woman jumped. The Dragon stopped resting. He stretched, rising higher, a titan of shining scales. Teriarch looked down at Ryoka. And he asked the question, a variation of the one that had come before. Because she was like the others.
“In two hundred years, you will be gone from this world, Ryoka Griffin. And I will think of you only as a figment of my imagination. A fantasy, however bitter or sweet. Why should I rouse myself for the visions which flit before my eyes? Give me an answer better than all the ghosts who stood where you now do.”
Like the others. Different in form, but the same in nature. Why bother? Perhaps—because the dreams were so brilliant.
Perhaps because he had been waiting for this. The Dragon waited, his heart pounding harder. Like the fae, he longed for it.
A challenger. One with magical arms to hunt his life. Or—this. He looked down at the young woman, expectant. Hoping.
Show me brilliance. Challenge me with that which I have not seen in my existence. Wield words like a sword forged of arcane metal and sorcery and craft.
Ryoka Griffin spoke.
“I know you’ve seen it all, Lord of Flame. I…understand that. No—wait.”
His face fell as she scratched her head. Not exactly a good start. But then—Ryoka closed her eyes. Her expression firmed, and when she opened them, her voice was confident again.
“I understand that I cannot comprehend your perspective. I am not immortal. My worldview is limited. The ant cannot see from the giant’s eyes. But perhaps—I have seen things even you have not. Because I have been to another world. And no Dragons have ever flown on Earth.”
The Dragon saw the young woman pace back and forth. She turned, and pointed at the tiny technological devices from her world.
“Now there are two worlds. And mine—dreams of Dragons. We long for magic. Because a world without it is just painful. We need heroes. Legends. But this world has magic and still, there’s so much cruelty. Darkness.”
She pointed at Teriarch, through the haze of the illusory smoke that still hung in the air.
“Perhaps you do not need the world. But we need you. It doesn’t matter? Two worlds are colliding! I believe even you will not have seen what comes next. I look around with an ant’s eyes—but even I can feel it.”
She raised one hand, and he saw the missing stumps of two fingers. Ryoka stared at them, shuddering. She had refused his offer to heal them again. He had forgotten he had offered the first time.
“A God sleeps on Rhir. Things even the Fae fear stalk my dreams. The Stitch Witch crawls across Izril. The King of Destruction is awake! My world is coming. And we have conquered all of Earth. Do you think our armies won’t march on this one? No Dragon has witnessed a war of the worlds. But it is coming. And you think you can sleep in this cave and pass it by?”
She looked at him, scornfully. The Dragon narrowed his eyes. But Ryoka Griffin wasn’t done. She pointed at him.
“I have a riddle for you, Teriarch, Lord of Flames. If a Dragon sleeps in a cave, unknown to everyone in this world and does nothing—does he even matter?”
