7.25
Page 22
Magnolia Reinhart frowned, opening her lips. He silenced her again, ignoring Ressa as the [Maid] tried on a crown.
“Why should I rouse myself? You have nothing to offer me. Riches? I could buy your family a thousand times over, even Regis Reinhart. What have you left to show me? Wonders? Horrors? I have seen it all. Let me sleep.”
He blinked as Magnolia opened her mouth, a flash of determination in her eyes. And then—she was Ryoka Griffin. The Dragon saw the young woman fidget, look at her teacup.
All the same. He wondered if this was a dream, too. But here she stood. Arguing. Begging for aid against the Necromancer. For this city plagued by raiders. Her friends.
The Dragon was tired. But he was also—waiting. His heart began to beat. Because he was shackled by memory, bound by the chains of the past. But that was the thing. He could also remember…
Glory.
The Quarass looked at him with immortal eyes.
Empress Sheta couldn’t contain her dismay.
The young [Lady] pursed her lips as she nibbled on a biscuit. Her maid flipped a dagger over, bored with the debate.
Ryoka Griffin spoke.
 
—-
 
The Quarass looked at him with immortal eyes. The Dragon waited. He and she spoke in Zeikhal, the Great Desert.
Yet, there was not the endless oblivion of sand now. It was flowering. The rains had come, pouring down for the first time in a decade. And the desert had bloomed.
Brilliant flowers and plants filled the lands. The sun was bright, harsh, even. But the Dragon felt none of its heat. And the Quarass, her skin dark, was used to it.
She had lived three lifetimes under the sun already. And, barefoot, wearing a young woman’s face, she walked with the Dragon. For every hundred steps he would take a single stride.
“You are right, Dragon.”
That was the first thing the Quarass of Germina said after his lesson about time. She looked up at him.
Fierce. Unafraid. She had killed his kin. Won freedom from the tyranny of Dragons. She did not fear him.
Nor did he fear her. The Dragon stalked slowly across the lands, unafraid. He had slain every monster in Zeikhal. His scales still healed from wounds he had taken killing another Dragonlord. But he was triumphant. Undefeatable.
Still old. He listened as the Quarass went on, stepping around a plant that grew like thorns. Her bare feet crunched over something and she paused just for a moment.
“It is true. Your aid means little in the entirety of time. But you gave it to my people. Before I give my answer: why did you do it?”
“I felt like it.”
The Dragon smirked. The Quarass gave him a flat-eyed look. They were not friends. He had agreed to this meeting and she had taken it out a kind of wary respect. But she would rather kill him, and he lay Germina to waste. That they worked together was only out of necessity; the Dragonwars of Chandrar would continue, everyone knew. And he courted Germina as an ally—or at least for a pact of non-aggression ere the wars begin again.
“Why did you agree to meet with me, one of your sworn foes? You, who pledged to slay every Dragon in existence now beseeches one for help. Are you so craven after three lifetimes? Answer me that, Quarass.”
The Dragon countered her with a question. The Ruler of Germina’s eyes flashed. And her hand stole to a dagger coated with a toxin that could slay even Dragons. The Brass Dragon’s eyes narrowed and he tensed. But the Quarass lowered her hand. She spoke stiffly.
