7.25
Page 16
“Great Teriarch, I apologize for trespassing. But I have brought you gifts. If you’ll hear me out…”
He must have pulled off his imposing look well. Teriarch preened a bit.
Teriarch was relieved. It had been a dream. Magnolia looked older than sixteen, but he had been asleep for a while.
He would make it up to her. The Dragon looked down—paused.
All Humans looked alike. But he was fairly certain that this wasn’t Magnolia Reinhart. Or Ressa. The Dragon’s good nature turned into wrath at once.
“Who are you?”
He snarled. The Human backed up, wide-eyed.
“It’s me! I apologize for returning, Lord—er—great and terrible Teriarch, Lord of Flames, but I have brought you something.”
The Dragon blinked. He looked down at Ryoka. And his gaze was blank.
“Who are you?”
 
—-
 
The Dragon loomed over Ryoka, and she felt the heat of his wrath. Ryoka held still. He didn’t know her?
“Ryoka. Ryoka Griffin your…eminence?”
What did Dragons prefer to be called? Ryoka had envisioned this meeting a thousand times. But never like this. The Dragon narrowed his eyes.
The City Runner was here. She had run through the High Passes unmolested for once; ironically, all the Gold-rank teams had cleared the usual density of monsters. And they had all been running scared for some reason just now.
She was tired. Weak. She had run away from Erin. Celum still smoldered.
But here was the Dragon. And yet—him not knowing her hurt.
In all of Ryoka’s simulations where she tried to outwit Teriarch, get what she wanted, what she needed, not one scenario had involved him not remembering her. He had brought her back when she’d died, gone a round with Az’kerash in his fury. How did he not remember?
For a moment, Teriarch loomed, suspicious, fiery—
A Dragon. So glorious and wonderful it hurt. Ryoka looked at him and knew magic was real, legends were true. If he incinerated her, it would be a good death.
…Sort of pathetic since they’d already met, but nothing to be ashamed of. Death by dragonfire. Very traditional. Got you lots of points in Knight-Heaven.
And just being in his presence reminded Ryoka that there was something else. A Dragon in his cave. She smiled wildly. Part of her—a crazy part of her wanted to spread her arms and say, oh—‘Try and burn me, you overgrown gecko. If you even can.’
…But that would be classic suicidal Ryoka, like insulting Teriarch to his face. Which she was resolved not to do—unless he provoked her.
To her relief the Dragon seemed to latch onto the name.
“Ryoka Griffin.”
His eyes flickered. The Dragon’s expression cleared after a microsecond. He sat back, then just looked weary. And a bit annoyed.
“Ryoka Griffin. The Runner. And—ah. Yes. Az’kerash. Of course. Of course.”
He sighed.
“I apologize. You Humans look the same. I completely forgot about that minor incident. What are you doing here?”
Ryoka’s ego, not very large at the moment, promptly lit itself on fire and jumped out the window of her heart. She bowed slightly.
“I’m sorry for returning. I just—”
“Mortal. You have trespassed on my goodwill thrice now. Once, I called for you as a simple messenger. But your persistence displeases me. Did I not tell you to safeguard the secret of my existence with your life? You have gazed on a Dragon four times. Once is more than most mortals may dream of.”
The Dragon interrupted Ryoka, suddenly fully in a mood. He paced back towards his horde and curled up, looking dismissively at Ryoka. She followed.
