7.25
Page 12
True, she had attracted them with her iPhone. But they had always been planning to meet here. Always been planning to sack Celum. For no reason involving Ryoka Griffin.
No—it had everything to do with ███ ███ █████ █████ █████ ██████. Just that. Funny how that happened. Hilarious. The Bloodfeast Raiders ghosted.
 
—-
 
He woke up suddenly. Teriarch snorted and opened his eyes. It was rare for him to wake up from a nap unprompted. But—perhaps it hadn’t been entirely of his own volition.
He thought he’d heard someone crying. Only—not in the cave. On the wind? The cave was not airproof, for all it was so layered with magical protections that a Gold-rank team could sneeze on the entrance and not notice a thing.
“Captain Todi, we’ve run into three Eater Goat packs so far. We need to pull back. Our style is teleport-and-cast. But it doesn’t work if we teleport into the enemy!”
One of the Gold-rank adventurers on the mountain was speaking. Teriarch, muzzy from his dream, froze, listening.
They were right outside his cave. He heard a man’s voice, replying.
“We came here to hunt. We’re not backing down. We don’t go without making our mark. On me.”
They were here. Adventurers. They knew! The Dragon’s fuzzy mind snapped to alertness. Panic. Fear.
Teleport out! Go to the emergency cave, like when that Human had appeared despite his ward spells near Liscor! The Dragon prepared a mass-teleport spell.
And then stopped. He was still dreaming, caught in that state when the past and present and perhaps even the future blended together. And the Dragon remembered—how many times he had done this.
Flee. Or fight. The adventurers didn’t…seem too competent. But—they were here.
Which meant there were more. The brass Dragon rose taller. And suddenly—he was resolved.
“No flight. Very well.”
Let it be. Did they come at last? The Dragon rose slowly. Dozens. No—nearly a hundred, scattered. Muzzily, he counted, sending remote, moving pulses of magic that only expert [Mages] would be able to even detect, let alone trace.
Nearly a hundred in the High Passes. He felt a chill—which turned to fire in his chest. If they were all Gold-rank. That would do it. They were spread out across the mountain range. Prepared to strike at him if he flew.
“How clever.”
The Dragon’s lip curled back, exposing teeth. He sensed no great power among them. But perhaps the true warriors were hidden. And ants could still kill.
Even so—part of him was disappointed. There was no bold challenger. This pitiful little team was clearly the sacrifice. They would die first. But there was no great champion who would challenge him outright. They had nearly snuck up on him in his sleep. You could respect that.
Still. Legendary heroes had assailed him once. And been broken, or forced him to flee. He had destroyed armies and leveled nations in his wrath, righteous or petty. It was a shame that this might be his death.
But few chose the manner in which they died. The Dragon rose, and dragonfire rose in his belly, still hot after endless aeons. But the Dragon was still proud. He roared a challenge as he called spells to level mountains to mind, summoned his arsenal of treasure to be spent for the most precious thing he had: his life.
“Let it be an end, mortals. Come. Challenge me and witness the last flight of Dragons in this world!”
The Dragon roared. His cave shook. He spread his wings to fly.
