7.25
Page 34
“We’re going to need recovery teams. People looking for the wounded. I’ll organize the relief efforts from this end.”
“Noted, Strategist Olesm. I’ll coordinate from my side. Watch for the Bloodfeast Raiders. They should be out of the area. But stay wary.”
Zevara stepped through the doorway. Olesm briskly turned to the stunned Human [Commander].
“Sir. We need to work together. I will take command. If that’s alright? Esthelm is ready to assist as well. We have to coordinate through the magical doorway. How many people are under your command?”
“I…but you’re—”
A Drake. The [Commander] looked uncertain on whether or not he should be drawing his sword or asking for help. Erin narrowed her eyes. She saw people staring at them, pointing. She heard the inn’s name on their lips.
History ran deep between Liscor and Human cities. They had no time for this, though. Erin rounded on the [Commander].
“Hey, buddy. Listen up—”
She raised a fist. But before she could, someone strode through the magical door and poked the [Commander] in the chest plate. He recoiled.
A [Lady] strode through the doorway, ablaze with passion. She looked around.
“Commander!”
She snapped. The man straightened to attention, instinctively.
“Yes, Miss? Wait—who are you?”
Maviola’s orange eyes narrowed.
“I am a [Lady] of Izril. And you are being an idiot. Shut up and listen. These Drakes are working with me. Under my authority, you will assist them. Take command of your men. Bring me all your officers. Now.”
“Yes, Milady!”
Olesm and Erin both watched as the [Commander] listened to the voice of authority. Erin glanced at Maviola. The [Lady] winked at her.
“I outrank him. Olesm, I’ll take charge of the Humans.”
She swept past him. And through the door came more adventurers. Bevussa took wing, [Laborers] with handcarts pushed through boxes of weak healing potions.
“Uh, okay! Adventurers! Spread out! Wings of Pallass, do a reconnaissance at high altitude! Watch for flying [Raiders] hidden in the skies! Anyone sees anything, blow the horn twice!”
Olesm began giving furious orders. Erin backed away. She looked at the inn, debating on whether to help from that end. But more supplies were coming through and Zevara and Lyonette were both giving orders.
Erin looked around. The city folk of Celum looked up as relief arrived. Something was lighting a spark in them, snapping them out of their delirium. Erin felt it.
That was Maviola. Olesm too, by deed as much as the [Lady]’s aura. Erin closed her eyes. Then she opened them and began to help.
“This way! We’ll set up a tent over here. Anyone who’s hurt, come over here! We have healing potions!”
In the chaos of the night, Erin found herself giving orders—but only a few. Watching as Olesm and Maviola organized with efficiency she lacked. The [Innkeeper] was out of her depth. What she was good at was leading smaller posses, like the groups going through the city, looking for people in need.
Most weren’t badly hurt. Celum had healing potions, after all. But people were homeless—lost. Erin gave them a purpose. They followed her, joining teams excavating ash and rubble.
Somewhere in the night, Erin found herself face to face with the [Mayor] of the city. He was wandering around, looking lost. When he saw her, he just stared.
“Oh. You.”
“You! You—you weren’t here! The door wasn’t here! Now you’re here?”
Cetris Duiland gabbled. His hair was covered in soot. He was hurt. An arrow had taken a chunk out of his leg and the healing potion had only healed some of it. Erin backed up as he advanced on her.
“I’m sorry. When we heard—”
