7.25
Page 11
“We’ll have to verify this, Miss Griffin. Via truth stone. Are you certain that was what you saw? Can you swear on truth stone unequivocally?”
“Yes. Test me. Please.”
She did. Ryoka found herself standing in the [Receptionist]’s guild when Fals came back. He was panting as she blearily listened in.
“Help’s coming. We got word to Wailant—Liscor and Esthelm are sending aid soonest. The door will arrive and they’ll put supplies through. Take as many people as they can. They’ve got housing—Liscor especially.”
A murmur went around the room. Ryoka raised her head slowly. And she heard a phrase.
“The Wandering Inn.”
It made her wake up a bit. The [Receptionist] was sagging with relief. Fals looked around, saw Ryoka.
“You need to lie down. A [Healer] should look at your shoulder. I’m not sure your arm’s moving properly.”
“I’m sorry.”
Ryoka just looked at Fals. She wiped at her eyes. The City runner blinked. But like the [Receptionist]—he didn’t have time to focus on Ryoka’s pain. Her pain was selfish. And Fals had been running across the city, looking for survivors. He briskly shook his head.
“It’s not your fault. This is just the way the world is.”
“It shouldn’t be this way.”
There was nothing to say to that. It might have been true. But ‘shouldn’t’ was an empty word. Fals patted Ryoka on the shoulder.
“If you can move—we could use some help. Otherwise—help will be there soon. I told Erin you were here.”
He had to go. Ryoka saw him jogging out the door, wearily. And she wondered.
“I thought he was an idiot. But he was always just a decent man.”
Someone passing by, another City Runner, gave her an odd look. Ryoka shook her head. It was strange, being blind and then able to see. She wondered if Laken understood her. She wondered if he could have stopped this. If so—points for him, not her.
But she was…Ryoka bowed her head. Then she got up.
“I’m sorry.”
Fals came back after twenty minutes. But by that time, of course—
Ryoka Griffin was gone.
 
—-
 
The Bloodfeast Raiders celebrated their victory with sex. Drugs. Drinking. Or just the high of their murder. They had captives. They had loot.
One of them had the iPhone. ███ had won it after killing the most people. The others grumbled—but they were in this for the sport, the lust of their raids. And they had collected gold and trinkets aplenty.
“See you next time. Call the Bloodfeast!”
“We raid and vanish!”
The others laughed. The one with the iPhone stared at the screen, bemused. ███ had tried any number of codes—but the thing was fascinating. Magic, but not.
“See you later. Big success. We’re all going to be happy. The other raiders owe us big.”
“I’m just mad that damn Runner died. You had to shoot her?”
“I got her shoulder. Didn’t expect her to bleed out. You didn’t even find the body?”
The others teased the spear-wielder. They harrumphed.
“Scrying didn’t pick her up. She died.”
That was slightly disappointing to the [Raider] with the daggers. ██ had liked the City Runner. But then—it was only a passing like. The thought of someone knowing ███, ███ real nature was intoxicating. But then—the [Raider] was █████, like the others.
The █████, who was ████ ██████ of ███████, the very same person Ryoka had recognized however briefly, waved at the others. Then ██ pocketed the iPhone for later. A curio she’d find the worth of at her leisure. She flew off, laughing as the others split, turning invisible, hiding their tracks.
Oh, what fun! What glorious fun. And to a purpose. For—Ryoka Griffin was wrong. She had not summoned the Bloodfeast Raiders.
