7.25
Page 2
They were also all high-level, armed with powerful artifacts. There were hundreds of thousands of gold pieces in bounties on them. And still, they had not been caught.
This group was also new—the Bloodtear Pirates had a standing objection to them taking their name. But then—the Bloodfeast Raiders could be said to have outstripped even that famed [Pirate] group.
Because when they attacked—people died. They didn’t just attack ships for profit. They killed for fun.
She had to run. But the wands were aimed at her and one of them had a flying carpet. One had █████! She’d never outrun them, let alone the one who had moved as fast as Hawk. ██ was carrying a spear.
Enchanted, too. Ryoka could practically sense the magic coming off them. She felt the wind blowing at her back. But she was too afraid to control it.
“What about her?”
The one with the spear pointed at Ryoka. She shivered as the [Raider] laughed.
“Do you like her? Is she going to be a [Slave] or do we have fun before the feast? Or see if she can dodge [Fireballs]?”
Ryoka froze. Her bag of holding was loaded with sand, caltrops. If it came to it, she’d ask the wind to blow it in their faces and run. They’d blow her apart before she got ten feet, especially in the rain. But—no.
“Not just yet. I told you, I called the change of locations. My Skill was tingling. She’s got something on her. Something valuable beyond compare. Can’t you…feel it? What about you, ██████?”
“Oh yes. Now that you mention it…”
The █████ drew closer. Sniffing. ███ grinned at Ryoka as the Human female tried to hold still, her skin crawling. A dagger poked at Ryoka’s side.
No. The electronics. Ryoka closed her eyes. Of course. [Thieves] could sense treasure! Why couldn’t a [Raider] do the same? Idiot! You idiot! The others were dead because of her, and she was going to—
“Aha!”
The [Raider] reached around Ryoka and plucked something from her belt. Ryoka froze.
Her iPhone was in the little leather holding case she’d had commissioned for it. The ear buds caught on her belt loop and the Bloodfeast Raider untangled it. Puzzled, they offered it to the others.
“Now what’s this?”
The others clustered around. One pushed up ███ mask for a look. Someone growled and the █████ ██████ put it back down hurriedly. But the memory of what Ryoka had seen was gone in a moment.
“Huh. It’s not magical. Looks expensive, though. What material is this?”
She tapped the screen then jumped as it came to life. The others murmured. The leader looked thoughtful.
“Expensive indeed. Anything else?”
The one with daggers prowled around Ryoka. After a moment, they shook their heads.
“Nothing. Is that a bag of holding? Must be a crap one. City Runners. She’s got some weak potions on her belt, but I’m not interested.”
They prodded the bag of holding Ryoka had by her side suspiciously, but without any real interest. The leader nodded. Ryoka stared at the [Raiders].
Oh. Dead gods. They didn’t know she had the other electronics in there! Teriarch’s bag of holding he’d given her really was an artifact.
It made nothing better. The leader shook their head.
“We’re done, then.”
“What is this thing?”
The [Raider] who’d taken the iPhone waved it at the others. One pointed a spear at Ryoka’s chest.
“Let’s make her talk. What’s your name, City Runner?”
“Ryoka.”
The young woman whispered it. The [Raider] tilted their head.
“I don’t know the name. Damn. I hoped this was a famous Courier or something. If we got one of them, it would be big news. Did any of you see that delivery with the three Couriers? That was fun.”
“Oh, I saw it! Loved that.”
