7.25
Page 18
“And you survived? Truly, even [Raiders] are not what they were. The most feared group in all of Izril indeed. Hah. I knew Reinhart was exaggerating.”
Teriarch snorted. Ryoka raised one finger.
“Actually…they were pretty good. They killed a bunch of people in Celum. I barely got away.”
The Dragon was only half-paying attention. He was nodding to himself.
“What was that old group that sacked Wistram? Sympathy’s Feathers? No, their name was actually quite elegant—hm? Well, you survived, didn’t you? Perhaps, insignificant as you were, even the [Raiders] paid no mind to you. Which leads me to ask if what you carry was of any worth.”
Ryoka tried to smile.
“No—I barely escaped. But I kept these—priceless devices—because of your bag of holding. Another gift, Great Teriarch. Thank you. I escaped with them. And my life. And they killed half of Celum and I ran away. I couldn’t do anything. And I tried this time. I really did.”
The Dragon was looking at her. The City Runner knew she was babbling. She tried to go on.
“But these gifts—are—”
Her throat was tight. The words felt like they were coming out, piece by piece. Ryoka inhaled and her breath was shuddering. The Dragon looked at her.
“Ryoka Griffin. You are crying.”
The young woman reached up and touched her cheeks.
“Oh no. Not now.”
She wiped at the water trickling down her face. Snotty nose too. Just great. Just—way to mess it up. She couldn’t stop from breaking down for another twenty minutes? She had been doing so well.
Something died in Ryoka’s head. Route D. And Route B, and E, and all the other projections. She hadn’t planned for this. And she had dreamed of this moment.
‘Twas a glorious scene. Tempting a Dragon with artifacts, knowledge, technology from another world. Tempting his ego and vanity and greed with a true game of wits. Calling on debts, if she had any.
It should have been wonderful. As magical as their riddle game should have been. He was Teriarch. This should be magical. Not—Ryoka wiped at her face with her shirt but only got soot in her eyes.
The Dragon was real. The journey was dangerous. Perhaps not as much as a journey far through the lands of evil to a mountain which was also a volcano while escorting a ring of dubious utility—
But dangerous all the same. She had been carrying the ring. And she’d brought the monsters to Celum.
…No. That was arrogance, believing it was all because of her. Perhaps it had just been bad luck. But even if she had nothing to do with the Bloodfeast Raiders—she wanted it not to have happened.
She wanted to have done something.
“I’m sorry.”
Ryoka Griffin’s voice was muffled as she tried to scrub at her face. The Brass Dragon looked down at the mortal. Ryoka lowered her hands. But the tears didn’t stop. She looked up helplessly, as the Dragon sat there, frozen.
“I’m messing this up. I’m sorry. I just—it’s been a really shitty day. Can I…sit here for a second? Please? Please?”
She was shaking. The Dragon found his tongue.
“Of…course. Sit.”
Ryoka Griffin collapsed onto the ground. Only now, did Teriarch look at her. See how her shoulder was half-healed, her right arm moving far less well than the left. Smell the soot and ash. Hear a suppressed, choking sob.
“I tried. But it didn’t do anything. I planned so much for this day but I was afraid to come here because I knew it would go wrong. And it did. I’m sorry—I should go—”
“No. Stay.”
The Dragon blocked Ryoka with a tail as she tried to crawl out of his cave and let something eat her outside. He bent his head.
“Sit, child. Here. A chair.”
