7.25
Page 20
The flippant remark made Teriarch frown at her.
“I am not omnipotent, brat. Or can you find every ant that scurries through the grass? I could locate the Bloodfeast Raiders. And then what?”
“Um. Kill them?”
“And then what?”
“…There’s less monsters in the world?”
It was a simple argument. But Teriarch just sighed. Ryoka’s hair blew all around her crazily.
“Child. I’ve explained this to you again and again—”
He caught himself, eyed Ryoka, coughed into one claw.
“—That is to say, the argument is so tedious I have had it with every mortal who comes entreating me for aid. Kill the Bloodfat Raiders.”
“Bloodfeast.”
Teriarch waved a claw.
“Even the name is too unoriginal. How many [Raider] groups do you think have existed over my lifetime? How many armies? The Black Judgment of Chandrar—phaw. Another insipid name. Sympathy’s Feathers or whatever they were called. And those are but [Bandits]. Say I hunt them down. Then what? What happens when the next group appears?”
Ryoka went silent. She could see ahead of this argument as well. And then he’d have to hunt down the next one, and the next. And become the eternal guardian.
They had had this conversation before. When she had pleaded with him for help against the Goblin Lord.
“I know you don’t take sides. But what about—evil?”
“They pillage and kill and rape. Is that evil?”
The Brass Dragon looked challengingly at Ryoka as if this was up for debate. Ryoka put down her teacup.
“I hope so. You can’t—philosophize that. Some things have to be evil, don’t they?”
“And yet, when an army does it to their enemy, it is just ‘war’. If I quibble at the actions of your raiders, why not stop it on a larger scale?”
It felt like Ryoka was arguing with herself. A younger, brattier self. But the Dragon seemed caught between amusement at playing Devil’s—or perhaps more accurately—Dragon’s Advocate. And a weary kind of sadness.
He had heard her argument before she even made it.
“But it’s still evil. Why not stop one evil if you can?”
“Because it is meaningless.”
The low rumble ran through the cave, tired, draining the energy out of the air. Like time, the Dragon whispered. He silenced Ryoka with a single look from a cerulean eye.
“Do not speak. I have heard it before. Why not save a single soul if I can spare the effort? Perhaps.”
He breathed. And the smoke whirled around Ryoka. She saw another city, like Celum, but different. Walls made of smoke, people moving about.
[Raiders] came. Riding on horses, shooting arrows. The Dragon squashed one of the smoke apparitions. The other [Raiders] fled and the smoke-people rejoiced.
“I save the city. Look how I change the world. See? He might have died. But for me—he becomes a [Mage].”
A little smoke-boy appears. He waves a wand and conjures a sparkling smoke-spell. Ryoka watched as he grew. The Dragon whispered on, his mismatched eyes glowing in the darkness.
“But for me, history changes. And this boy—becomes an Archmage.”
The young man became older, raising vast walls of stone, calling down fire—and creating magical wonders. The Dragon erased him as he stood on Wistram’s walls.
“Or—a monster worse than the [Raiders].”
The same boy walked around, casting [Fireballs], turning cities to ash. Like the Bloodfeast Raiders. Ryoka shivered as the illusion made of smoke vanished with another wave of the claw.
“Either could be true. By my actions, I could bring about great good. Or evil. Or nothing in particular. That is a Gnomish argument. If you can but see the future, what is the correct decision? Is it better to slay a warlord before he rises? Is it just?”
