7.25
Page 32
“Oh, popcorn. Or something. Got more of that beef?”
It was just a little thing. Not groundbreaking. But as Ryoka and the Dragon watched the movie, occasionally commentating on it, eating extinct magical cow beef—she got one little wish. Which was to sit next to a Dragon. Who was grumpy. Aloof. Who refused to interfere with this world time and time again.
But who could be—possibly—a friend. And that made Ryoka most scared, and it was one of the things she wanted more than anything.
Night was falling. The Dragon and young woman sat there. Watching the first movie from start to finish. Kevin didn’t have the second or third parts, but he had other movies. And even a few games. Ryoka wondered how Teriarch would take Shrek.
“I see the devices are worth something after all.”
The Dragon said as she sat there. Wistfully, Ryoka looked up at him. But she didn’t try to haggle. She bit her lip. Looked towards the darkening landscape.
“I’d like to watch more. With you. But I do have to go. I must go.”
There was one more thing to do. The Dragon nodded.
“Perhaps…you could return. I will send you where you need to be.”
Ryoka felt sniffy again.
“I will. If you’ll let me. I wish we could just—talk. I’m sorry I just came here to bargain. But you’re so far from everything.”
“By design. Few mortals are worthy of my time. If you wish—you should show me—what is that thing? A mutated…slime? Eugh. It’s hideous.”
Teriarch squinted at Shrek’s face. Ryoka laughed. She wanted to stay! Impulsively, she reached out. Touched Teriarch’s scales.
They were hot. The Dragon recoiled.
“Stop that. You’ll get dirt on my scales.”
He shooed her off. But he looked wistful too. Ryoka shook her head.
“Couldn’t you leave your cave? Just once? For a little bit?”
Teriarch looked at the opening to his cave. He hesitated.
“I told you, Ryoka Griffin. How many times must I tell you? A Dragon cannot enter the world without being prepared to change it. And when I act—it is all or nothing.”
“I know.”
The young woman sighed. She looked up at him. And then she had a thought.
“…But hear me out. What if you tried, for once, being halfhearted about uh, changing the world? Give it minimal effort? You know, roll out of the cave, mess around a bit, and don’t commit to being a savior?”
The Dragon eyed her incredulously. Ryoka looked up at the glittering Brass Dragon, one of the last Dragons in the world. She was asking him to halfheartedly…
He began to laugh. The Dragon’s laughter was deep, and it shook the cave. But there was something pleasant about it, as large as he was. He laughed and laughed at the idiotic request. For the first time in…
When he looked down, the young woman was laughing too. Not because it was funny, but because of all that had happened today. Laughing because it was better than crying.
They both understood that. The Dragon laughed, and looked wistfully down at Ryoka.
She had to go. He sent her by magic, and she vanished. Without falling from the skies, which was a relief; there weren’t many roofs to land on anymore. The Dragon sat in his cave, looking at the copies of the electronics added to his hoard.
And for the first time in a while, he wanted to leave his cave. The Dragon closed his eyes. He couldn’t do that. Some people could see through even his best concealment spells. A Dragon shouldn’t fly without being prepared to die.
He exhaled, slowly. And more [Message] spells appeared, waiting for him. He felt old, and…tired?
