7.26
Page 13
The City Runner got up. Mechanically, she listened. Then—since Mrsha wouldn’t let go, she began running. The magical door was occupied? She ran down the hill, out of the inn. Mrsha clinging to her head as Erin and the others tried to chase her.
 
—-
 
“Hold still. You’re wounded.”
“I’ll heal.”
“Not if your rats eat you, you won’t. This costs the Watch nothing. Shut up or I’ll waste healing potion on you.”
Calruz sat in his cell. Zevara was touching his cuts with a rag dipped in healing potion. He was cut about—bleeding or scabbed in dozens of places.
“I am fine. I’m grateful.”
“You walked into a Face-Eater Moth colony and killed them all with a rusty axe.”
The Watch Captain would have sounded almost admiring if she wasn’t sternly speaking to a prisoner. Calruz smiled.
“None of them were big enough to kill me. I’m too—high-level. I’m grateful to be of some use.”
“Well—you cut down on the Watch’s injuries. So be quiet.”
The two fell silent. Calruz sat there. Zevara was half-passed through the door to his cell; the magical field didn’t affect her. Only him.
“You shouldn’t be so close. I could attack you.”
“You could.”
The Drake paused as she inspected his cuts, healing with the potion coating the wounds. Undeterred, she motioned for Calruz to raise his arm.
“Well?”
He asked after a moment. Zevara glanced up. She was totally unafraid by the suggestion. Rhata sat on Calruz’s head, tail curled around one horn. The Minotaur waited.
“Isn’t this a risk unbecoming of a Watch Captain?”
“It would be. If my prisoner was anything less than honorable. Turn around; I need to see your back.”
The Drake briskly mopped at a wound on Calruz’s leg. He winced. Then he heard a commotion.
“Hey! You can’t come in here! Wait—”
Shouting at the entrance. Zevara spun. She grabbed for her sword.
“Wait here.”
Tensed, the Minotaur saw her stride down the jail. After a minute—he heard an exclamation. Then, pounding footsteps, slapping on the stone floor. The Minotaur waited. Who was…?
The sound was familiar. His eyes widened. A young, Asian woman ran down the jail, stopping when she saw his cell. Her hair was mussed. She was panting. Her face was pale, and she had lost two fingers on her right hand. The wind blew, bringing the Minotaur the scents of summer. It entered his cell, whirling around him, making his two pets hide.
A little white Gnoll clung to Ryoka’s head, a bit motion sick from her run. The guards and Zevara, who had let Ryoka in, followed, but held back.
“It can’t be.”
The two said it almost at the same time. Calruz slowly rose, staring. Ryoka looked at him. At his missing arm, the scars, the painful humility written across every line of him. She breathed in heavily.
“Calruz?”
Her voice broke. The Minotaur looked at that familiar face. From before Liscor’s dungeon. He stepped forwards, bowing his head. It hurt for Ryoka to see him more than any other. Because they were back then.
The City Runner remembered an angry young woman, so ungrateful for all she had been given. Self-destructive, lashing out at her friends.
Her regrets…her hand trembled as she put it on the magical barrier. Calruz reached out with his good hand and copied the gesture, ignoring the pain as the magic seared his flesh. They looked at each other, Ryoka, and Calruz.
And Mrsha, staring at Rhata on Calruz’s head. Four of them, rather. Five if you counted Haldagaz nibbling at the rag soaked in healing potion. Ryoka slowly sat, the energy pulled out of her. She looked up at Calruz and smiled.
“It’s so good to see you again.”
