7.26
Page 3
Rose caught sight of Mrsha. The little Gnoll stared at the Flatfish—one of the native, biting fish from Liscor’s streams and rivers that liked to jump and try to bite you—being eaten by the group. They turned, guiltily.
“Uh, hey! Mrsha—”
The young woman got no further because Mrsha charged her in ire and frustration. The Earthers yelped as an enraged Gnoll cub attacked.
And Mrsha was heavy. She could and had beaten Elirr’s dogs in sheer strength competitions—well, all except the warhounds. She pummeled Joseph’s lower back in a rush of furry punches. The young man yelped. Mrsha leapt and did a sideways kick like Garia had taught her at Kevin’s leg.
“Ow.”
The young Californian man rubbed his leg. Mrsha opened her mouth and he warily moved back. Rose snatched her hand back from trying for a pet and Galina and Troy, who’d been quietly having breakfast, edged back.
Mrsha snapped a few times, and the Earthers warily retreated. But she couldn’t really punish them because her blessing was gone! Lyonette had given it to someone else.
“Mrsha! What are you—oh.”
Lyonette hurried into the kitchen, and stopped. The Earthers hesitated.
“Um—sorry. We woke up, and we didn’t want to be a bother. So…”
Lyonette eyed the five diners, who had not only managed to pull out several drawers in hunting for utensils and cause a mess, but were neatly occupying half of the inn’s kitchen just in case anyone wanted to bring out food to the actual customers. She put her hands on her hips, took a breath—
And sighed. One week had passed, well, roughly a week and a few days, since the seven had come to The Wandering Inn. And their acclimation had been rough. Lyonette spoke firmly—she might have been more kind if Imani had been among them.
“I appreciate the effort. But why don’t you all eat at a table instead? We can bring you food. But Mrsha and I need to get at the cupboards. Mrsha, stop punching Kevin’s back. I’m sorry, Kevin.”
“Actually, I don’t mind. It’s like a back massage. Sorry about the trouble.”
Kevin obligingly stood up. Joseph nearly hid the gin and blue fruit behind his back, then tried to pretend it was just blue fruit juice. Lyonette wasn’t fooled, but she forbade comment. Rose ducked her head guiltily. Galina looked at Mrsha.
“Hi!”
She smiled at Mrsha. The Gnoll gave her a narrow-eyed look back. She waited until they were gone and then looked at Lyonette. It was a look with so many words packed in that Lyonette didn’t even need to read Mrsha’s sign language.
“I know, dear. But they’re guests. Erin’s guests. Try to be nice. Anyways, I’m sure Erin will turn them into flying Garudas or something in a few days.”
The [Princess] saw Mrsha giggle at the thought. Smiling, the [Princess] picked Mrsha up and put her on the counter. She massaged her lower back with a sigh.
“There now. Let’s see what we’ll have for breakfast. Not the cake, Mrsha! That’s special…maybe a little slice. You and I have been working hard. Ooh, a quiche? Did Erin make that? No—it’s got seasoning and little spinach baked into it. And bits of meat! Garry must have, when he came over. Why don’t we have that, and some bread? Get us two plates…”
In a few moments, Mrsha was happily dining on Garry-quiche and Palt-bread in the common room. The Centaur could also cook, and he had lent his expertise—as well as his spells to the inn.
In fact, there he was. Wearily trotting down the stairs.
“Morning, all.”
