7.26
Page 4
The Centaur yawned, and then did a double-take as he saw Montressa and Beza sitting in the common room. They had helped in Celum as well, conjuring water-based spells to put out the remainder of the fires. But they were here again.
Watching the Earthers like hawks. Mrsha sighed as she saw Montressa not-quite-looking at Rose and the others. She had to watch Montressa. Mrsha briskly pointed two furry little fingers at Montressa, then at her eyes, copying Erin’s gesture. The [Aegiscaster] blinked at the warning gesture.
But they’d been warned off of trying to poach the Earthers. Lyonette eyed Palt and the other two Wistram [Mages].
“Palt, thank you for the help. We have breakfast—”
“I can serve myself. You look dead on your hooves. Er, feet. Is Erin back yet? I might go fetch her. You can die for lack of sleep.”
The Centaur had retired earlier in the night. He nodded to Lyonette and carefully trotted into the kitchen. Lyonette sighed. So did Mrsha, as she cut up the quiche to share—two thirds to Lyonette, one third to Mrsha. Lyonette needed to put weight on her skinny body.
She liked Palt. He was a nice horse-person. She thought he would be good if Erin liked him. But that was uncertain. Mrsha approved of Palt, though; he always gave her scraps when he was cooking and he smelled nice. Always of something interesting.
“Hello. We are awake. Comrade Pisces is still asleep, but we would like refreshments!”
A voice rang out from the stairwell, following Palt. Mrsha saw Ksmvr, Ceria, Yvlon, and Griffon Hunt all coming down the stairs. She smiled as she saw Ksmvr.
“Oh, Ksmvr! Everyone!”
The other adventurers nodded to Lyonette. But before she got up, Drassi was intercepting them.
“Hello! Thank you for all the hard work, Ceria, Halrac—did you change your stitches, Revi? I love the red. I can get you some food. Lyonette, eat with Mrsha!”
The [Princess] sat back with a groan. Mrsha happily offered her a bite of quiche. Lyonette laughed, bit the morsel on the fork and offered Mrsha a bite.
“You’re so nice today, Mrsha! Well-behaved. Is it because of the cake?”
She teased. Mrsha wagged her tail, happily. She just wanted to help out Lyonette since she was so tired! (She’d go find Erin when Lyonette was asleep.) The Gnoll was a big girl and she had to make the inn better.
She spotted a few more people rousing themselves as breakfast’s smells and atmosphere brought the dead to life. In this case—Wesle, yawning and scratching at some stubble. The [Actor] wasn’t performing, so his voice wasn’t the usual echoing, deep voice of the stage. He and Jasi had been in Celum, trying to inspire the residents.
“Can I have something to eat?”
He croaked as Jasi woke up from her nap on the stage. Only those two had come from Invrisil, to save as much mana for teleportation between Esthelm, Celum, and Liscor as possible. They’d actually slept in the old stage-area after coming back for the night.
“Thank you so much. I can—”
“I’m here. Anything to eat, Mister Wesle, Jasi?”
Ishkr arrived just in time for his morning shift. The normal Gnoll briskly came over and Wesle looked about. Jasi yawned as she leaned on his shoulder.
“Do you have any tea?”
This was The Wandering Inn. As Mrsha persuaded Lyonette to sit, relax, ignore Joseph surreptitiously pouring more gin into his cup, and just eat breakfast, more people came into the inn.
