7.26
Page 7
“Hello! Essential travel only today! Who’s for Celum? Come in, come in! Make a line—we’ll get people from Esthelm before transport to Liscor. Thank you! You can ask questions later—we’re a bit busy.”
Teriarch glanced down the hallway as people—Gnolls, Drakes, but mostly Humans, flooded past him. He was a bit…overwhelmed by all the mortality about him. He glanced into the common room. Of course, it was far away, but his eyes were superior. He saw Ryoka stammering to the others, heard her voice perfectly.
“I—I was in Reizmelt. I didn’t intend to come back, but…”
“Look at the child, you fool.”
The Dragon murmured into his beard. He plucked at it. Stupid hair. What was the point? But his image of Grand Magus Eldavin had a beard. The little Gnoll child was practically burning with her emotion. And Teriarch, the Dragon, had a soft spot for children.
They were all children to him. The Dragon looked about. This was a reunion for Ryoka Griffin and he was loathe to include himself in it. He had tact. But he had witnessed the destruction of Celum.
“Mortal grief.”
The Dragon tried to justify it. But he watched as blank-faced people stumbled through the doorway. Drassi adjusted the door, opened it to Celum and they poured through.
Bereaved, lost. He had seen it a thousand times. He watched the Drake let people through to Liscor, and then shut the door, promise to open it in ten minutes, hurry off. The Dragon looked back at Ryoka.
“Mrsha?”
The young woman just stood there, amid her friends. And they fell silent. The little Gnoll child looked at Ryoka. The City Runner hesitantly opened her arms.
“Mrsha. I’m sorry. I—”
She ran. Dashing up the stairs, howling with a sound that had no translation in any language. Except, perhaps, betrayal, grief, loss. Ryoka ran after her, and Lyonette, and Erin.
The Dragon turned away. Why was he here? It had just been a passing fancy. And clearly—he had forgotten how mortals worked.
Ryoka Griffin had been so—grateful to meet with him. But she had a life. Mortals always did. The Dragon shook his head. He debated just—cutting the supply of mana to this simulacra. Going back to sleep.
But he could at least stay awake after going to this much effort. The Dragon huffily examined the door.
“It really is just a…spell. Elegant. ‘Signed by Warmage Thresk’. Who? Hmf. I suppose ingenuity knows no limits. So each of these is a location. This one…”
He eyed a crimson mana stone. It was…pulsing.
“Shamanic magic on the other side. Odd. Ah, I see. The teleportation spell has limits. Of course it does. I’m amazed anyone repurposed this as an artifact. Why not just cast [Portal] and have done with it? Children. They don’t even have the ability to—unless this was improvisation? By an [Innkeeper]? Yes, yes. I sense the leyline of magic here. That makes sense.”
The Dragon happily investigated the door, turning the dial, sensing a connection out of range somewhere to the north. He itched to fix the stupid enchantment. If you just tweaked it a bit, added a few levels of spellcraft, you could practically double the range, create a permanent—
“No, no. This is entanglement.”
The Dragon caught himself as he began to sketch a prototype for an efficient door on the wall. He hurriedly stopped, adjusted his robes. What was he doing? Putting effort into this door? He might as well create a Fissival-style teleportation network. Change the world. What had Griffin said again?
