7.26
Page 0

In Rhir, Tom the [Clown] was a [Hero]. Two classes of arguably different natures. Although he would call them the same.
He was mad. Laughing, sequestered in his room when not killing things.
And beloved. Beautiful women threw themselves at him. People had copied his face paint. He, more than the others, was an icon to the people of Rhir. And the Blighted King had made him—a celebrity.
He might have children. On dark nights—and they were all dark—Tom would fall asleep laughing. And that was Tom, not him.
The [Clown] rarely joined Richard and the others. For all they were guests of Lord Hayvon Operland at the moment, he sat in his rooms with groupies mesmerized by the [Clown]’s mixture of darkness and glory for slaying the Demons. Or alone, giggling at the ridiculousness of it all. What he had turned himself into.
He only came out to eat, and then—seldom. Or to watch broadcasts on the scrying orb. Today, Tom was having an interesting day. He’d begun by smashing every mirror in his room, the ones he talked to other-Tom with, scaring the ladies he’d slept with out of the room.
This was Tom’s tragedy. Self-made. Something part of him luxuriated in. Enabled by the system and himself. And the Blighted King saw a useful, if erratic piece on the board. He saw potential. He made plans that would shake the world to its core. The errant, traitorous [Mages] had been recovered. The magic could be wrought again. And this time—the Demons would die. Rhir would know peace.
…And you know what? It mattered. Oh, the machinations of the Blighted King and the Demons influenced the world. But today—they were small. They would do nothing so significant as the events unfolding elsewhere in the world. They were not all-encompassing.
 
—-
 
In Izril, a Dragon walked through Celum. In disguise, using a magical avatar, but he walked. And he saw a young woman, an [Innkeeper], and a City Runner embracing. This was their story, a reunion so long in coming.
Away, hundreds of miles away. Running in shame, for the deaths she’d brought to Liscor. And back again. Ryoka squeezed Erin as tightly as she could, lifting the [Innkeeper] up from the ground. And Erin hugged her back, so strong for someone her size.
“You big dummy! You can’t just run away. We missed you so much. I’m so sorry I told you leave. I didn’t mean it! I say stupid things!”
Erin shouted into Ryoka’s chest. The City Runner felt tears in her eyes.
“I’m sorry. It wasn’t you. I just—brought too much. I had to change. I tried. But I missed you all. I’m so sorry for leaving. I had to come back. I…had to stop running away.”
“Don’t go again.”
The young woman squeezed her friend tightly. Ryoka smiled. She was embarrassed, knowing people were watching. But she didn’t let go.
“Not anytime soon. Erin. Erin—”
“Mm. Shut up.”
For a while, they stood like that. The wind blew around Ryoka, merrily sending giggling children spinning about. Forgetting the tragedy around them for a while. True magic.
At last, Ryoka heard something. Rumbling. It came from Erin’s stomach. The young woman started. Ryoka heard a reciprocal growl. She let go of Erin, laughing.
“I haven’t eaten since…yesterday night. And that was only a snack.”
Roast beef and tea. It was probably haute cuisine for someone from the United Kingdom if you added sauce and potatoes. And yes, that was complete shade. Ryoka stepped back, or tried to.
Erin refused to let go. She dragged along the ground as Ryoka edged back.
“Erin. I’m not running away.”
“I don’t believe you. You have to come with me. Mrsha misses you. So do the others. They’re all here.”
