7.26
Page 43
“How did Montressa and Bezale not report this?”
Nailihuaile shouted at the others in her faction. She pointed at the scrying orb.
“There they are! Tell them this is a disaster! We want them contained! I want them here—now!”
“Football!”
Aaron stared longingly at the pickup game. He itched to play. Look at them move!
“Straight up!”
Saliss shouted. He booted the ball up as the naked Drake wove around the others playing. Bevussa wove. She kicked—Aaron heard an exclamation. The Garuda fell to earth.
“Oh no! I think Bevussa’s injured! Hold on! We’re getting closer!”
“She’s just faking it.”
The other Earthers in Wistram were clustered around the scrying orb. Shoving even the [Mages] out of the way to see. Elena was nodding—and then she inhaled. Aaron turned pale.
“Ooh.”
The Garuda’s foot was broken. Her light bones had hit the soccer ball at the wrong angle. Her team urgently waved.
“[Healer]! Healer!”
“Clear the field! Healing! Emergency! Emergency!”
A team of Antinium raced across the field, holding a stretcher. Pawn led a group of Painted Antinium. The Archmages were having conniptions. Feor strode towards Nailihuaile, pointing at Pawn as he put a hand on Bevussa, carrying her to safety.
“Why are they in Celum!? They cannot have Earthers. Archmage Naili, Archmage Viltach, I propose we order all agents to make sure the guests are taken.”
“Agreed. And Grand Magus Eldavin—perhaps that’s why he’s here.”
Viltach stared at the game of soccer. Plans were running through Wistram. But they were only parts of what was happening.
 
—-
 
“Oh shit. They’re not faking.”
Greg stared at Bevussa being carried off the field as a very fit young Runner took her place. Garia Strongheart took over for Typhenous, who was exiled for reasons of using the Forceshield. She waved at Ryoka.
“Hey Greg? Shut up. We’re watching.”
Cara, the Queen of Pop, stared at the scrying orb in their trailer. She looked up.
“Joseph in Celum. Or Liscor. He’s there. Send a [Message] spell before Wistram gets their fucking fingers all over him.”
The world was coming together. And it was all turning on the Human, the Crazy Human of Liscor. Obviously—
Joseph. Who else could it be? The young man kicked the ball at Garia. She turned, set herself—and punched the ball.
 
—-
 
It was already going fast. Garia hit it perfectly. The [Martial Artist]’s blow made Orjin smile. Pomle’s warriors were clustered around the one scrying orb in the entire nation.
“Ooh.”
Salii winced as the ball shot forwards. It hit Pisces in the chest as the [Necromancer] raced forwards. The young man looked like Palt had kicked him in the chest. He landed on his back and stopped moving.
“He just broke three ribs. Fractured, at least. Good punch.”
One of the other [Martial Artists] commented. The stretcher came out again.
“Good job, teammate!”
Hawk ran over, beaming, to high-five an aghast Garia. Selys shouted insults at him. But the goalie’s actions were fair. Even Pomle watched.
 
—-
 
“Maybe protective spells on the players?”
Montressa was debating with Typhenous and Bezale. She was laughing, hair mussed up. And Beatrice saw her friend—Montressa—waving at Ceria.
It was all coming together. Like a tidal wave, the world was turning. And it might not have been his fault.
But there sat the Dragon. Magnolia Reinhart would see him in the scrying orb. Wistram would wonder. He sat there, setting fire to the best laid plans.
Maviola El laughed. She had chased Bethal down and after a scrap—had her money. And perhaps Bethal’s. The other [Lady] had lost the brief tussle.
