7.26
Page 10
“I—yes, sir. C-could I trouble you for more of an explanation on—everything?”
Eldavin’s face grew troubled, and suddenly, wary.
“Er—of course. Quite something to meet another [Mage] here. Ahem. Indeed. But this is all public knowledge, surely.”
“Not to me. Are you…familiar with my studies on Drathian cultures?”
“…Pills? I have no objections against using their tinctures. Quite remarkable, aren’t they?”
“Yes, yes. Er—apologies, let me get a notepad…”
The half-Elf found himself sitting in the common room as the suddenly very polite Drake hurried to escort him to a table. Pulled out a chair, ordered food, asking the Dragon what he wanted.
“I could sit for a few moments.”
Teriarch muttered through Eldavin’s voice, enjoying the attention. He chuckled as a menu was brought over.
“How delightful. What is this? Hamburger? Is it…pork? I should enjoy myself, yes. And how cheap.”
He was looking at the ice cream’s prices. And the young Drake was so attentive. Teriarch decided he could pontificate about the basics of physical magic. He stroked his beard, and then looked up.
“…Is that Drake naked?”
Saliss danced past him, laughing. He looked around, merry. And then the Named Rank Drake did a double-take as, through a window, Mrsha leapt off the roof.
 
—-
 
“Mrsha! Come back!”
A dozen people ran after Mrsha. But she was running. She leapt out her window, ran down the edge of the roof, then jumped down. She landed with a splut on the ground, ran past the outhouses. The largest one opened. And Moore walked out, adjusting his belt.
“Moore! Stop Mrsha!”
Erin shouted from the roof. The half-Giant looked up, saw Pisces and Ryoka leaping off the roof—and then Mrsha running around him. He bent down, and grabbed Mrsha.
“What’s wrong, Mrsha? Are you being naughty?”
The half-Giant looked anxiously at Mrsha. He saw her wriggling, desperately trying to get away. Then he looked up. His jaw dropped.
“Ryoka Griffin?”
His grip loosened just enough for Mrsha to crawl over his hand. She leapt away and Moore grabbed for her and missed. Mrsha ran down the hill.
She didn’t know why. She just knew—it was too much. Ryoka was there. But she had been gone. She had left Mrsha, and Mrsha had just stopped remembering her. Crying at night, thinking Ryoka had left her because she was a Doombringer.
Happy and sad. So strongly of each that she couldn’t bear either emotion. Mrsha leapt down the hill. She heard Ryoka call out after her, but she was going to run to the cave and hide forever—
The wind blew. Mrsha, leaping down the hill, felt it blowing around her. It tugged at her fur. And then—howled.
A gale of rushing air howled around Mrsha, drowning out the howl in her head. She blinked, eyes wide, as the wind slowed her fall. Then—began to blow her up.
It was so powerful. The Gnoll felt herself flying up. She heard Moore’s exclamation of surprise. Mrsha turned in the air, flailing her paws in confusion. She felt the wind. She was a [Druid], and the wind was part of nature.
But someone was calling out to it. Asking—pleading for it to carry Mrsha back up the hill. So strongly—more strongly than a spell. Mrsha looked back.
And there was Ryoka Griffin. She walked towards Mrsha, holding a bit of ice in her hand that refused to melt.
A memory. Mrsha looked at the tears in Ryoka’s eyes. The angry slap marks on her face where Lyonette had hit her.
