7.26
Page 42
Wing Commander Embria looked across the field at her father. 4th Company stood on the walls. Those of them not queued to play.
“Go, commander!”
They cheered. Relc pointed at his daughter.
“Hey! You’re supposed to be on my side!”
“It’s looking more even…and who is this?”
Someone tapped Pisces on the shoulder as the [Necromancer] tried to figure out how to stall Hawk, who was faster than even Bevussa.
“Excuse me. My wife insists I show off. May I join you?”
A somewhat resigned man smiled at Pisces. The [Necromancer] jerked back—and then eyed Thomast up and down. The [Chevalier] stared at a screaming [Lady] on the walls.
“Thomast! Win for me!”
Bethal Walchaís shouted and screamed. Maviola’s eyes narrowed.
“My money!”
She ran off. And the game began. Hawk sprinted at the ball—and Pisces and Thomast appeared in front of him. The [Chevalier] smiled—and a copy of him appeared. Hawk blinked and it vanished. The real Thomast somewhat awkwardly kicked the ball, blurred after it, and shot it at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin and [Chevalier] eyed each other—then Relc ran over Numbtongue.
“Foul!”
The cry went up and Joseph had to explain what a penalty shot was to everyone. Drassi ran down the stairs and Sir Relz and Noass followed.
“Excuse me! This is our broadcast—we haven’t even named this game! Excuse me, young Drake!”
The [Commentator] finally wrestled the orb away from Drassi. He turned back to the audience and gave them his best smile.
“Now, with some proper, relaxed commentary…Miss? May I ask you your thoughts on the game? What is this sport called, perchance?”
He walked over at a slow pace to Erin, who was cheering. Instantly, [Messages] of complaint began flooding the show and Drassi would soon have the scrying mirror again. But by now, people were watching. They saw Erin shouting.
“What? Oh—this game is called soccer—”
 
—-
 
“Football!”
Daly, the Bushrangers, and every member of the United Nations screamed. They stood around the scrying orb, pointing.
“It’s football! It’s one of us!”
Paige was screaming. She looked at the viewpoint switched to Joseph, the ‘creator’ of the game. Geneva was frozen as Paige hugged her, forgetting their enmity. Daly just stared as the game began.
“Fucking hell! Look at them go!”
The Garuda was diving out of the skies, kicking the ball her teammates launched up. And the ant-man was leaping after her, like a grasshopper. A young man in robes shot after the ball, disappearing and reappearing five feet ahead with each step. He beat a rabbit-man to the ball, passed it.
“Joseph! Go!”
Drassi shouted. Siri grabbed Kirana’s shoulder.
“Joseph.”
“I have his name. I am sending a [Message]. Or should we wait?”
Ken looked at Aiko and the others. They were all consumed. Luan’s hands were clenched.
“Go for it!”
He shouted at Joseph. The young man was charging down the field. And there came that giant of a Drake. Relc had dodged Grimalkin and the Gecko was speeding at Joseph.
Stronger, bigger, faster. How did you beat that? Perhaps—with practice. Skill. Joseph turned. And the ball moved as if it was glued to his feet. He went around Relc, who charged right into Numbtongue.
“Foul again! B-Team has the ball!”
The female Drake called into the scrying orb. But it wasn’t her that they were looking at. Across the world—those Earthers with access to a scrying orb stared.
 
—-
 
“That’s soccer.”
Richard commented. He heard hysterical laughter. Tom was laughing. Lord Hayvon was speaking urgently to one of his servants. Richard looked at the others.
“They’re out there.”
The [Knight] stood up.
 
—-
 
