7.26
Page 22
The Dragon huffed. Saliss narrowed his eyes as Octavia tried to talk about ‘multiple test cases’ and ‘cultures’ and so on. He fixed on Ryoka—then Eldavin.
“Now that’s odd.”
“Aw.. But Ekirra—can he watch?”
“No.”
Ryoka and Eldavin chorused at the same time. Erin saw Ekirra looking up pleadingly.
“Is Mrsha busy?”
“I’m so sorry, Ekirra. Maybe another time? We can—let you have fun. But it’s so busy…I’ll tell your parents. Or—you can have a snack!”
The little Gnoll had sat down and opened his mouth to howl. He perked up, though.
“…Ice cream?”
“Yes! A snack! Mrsha can play in a bit. Maybe we’ll let her not watch Contact. That’s not for kids, right? I mean…I’ve never seen it.”
Erin whispered to Ryoka and Teriarch. The City Runner looked at Erin.
“You’ve never seen…? I guess Mrsha doesn’t need to see it. How about we…? Mrsha…?”
Unfortunately, Mrsha refused to be distracted from her newest obsession, even for her best friends. Erin sighed, but she signaled to Drassi she needed reinforcements.
“Mrsha’s busy. Can you entertain Ekirra and Visma?”
“I can try. I mean, there’s two of them. Do I get paid overtime?”
“Yes!”
That was all background. Ekirra pouted and cheered up as Erin promised him and Visma treats since Mrsha was ‘busy doing very important things’. She wished Eldavin would relent, but the Grand Magus was very stubborn. Erin edged over and kicked him in the butt.
“You’re sorta mean.”
The Dragon whirled about. He gaped at Erin as she walked off, satisfied that justice had been wrought.
You could almost forget that Celum lay in ruins. Ekirra’s parents certainly didn’t know, or care. Celum was elsewhere. And Erin had managed to distract herself.
But the city still lay in ruins. Justice…the [Alchemist] watched Ryoka and Eldavin. His [Eyes of Appraisal] did nothing. He was not content.
And the two made him curious. Ryoka now—she could be one of the weirdos. But a [Grand Magus]…no. Either he was magically warded, which made sense—but why was he here?
Saliss didn’t believe in the Solstice Effect. He believed everything had a reason. So who was this? He stood up.
“Hey, Erin. Who’s that?”
“Oh? That’s Eldavin. Ryoka’s friend.”
“Really? Interesting…”
The Drake’s eyes narrowed. He looked at Erin. Who had ties to the Antinium. He liked Erin, he really did.
But he was also Saliss of Lights. He had killed more Antinium than she could imagine, on border wars no one talked about.
Casually, the Drake moved forwards to intercept Grand Magus Eldavin. In a truly Saliss-way. But as effective as Erin could be. He felt—wary as the half-Elf kept asking Ryoka about what kind of demented idiots came up with Dragons like that. Not that Saliss could hear him.
Someone was making Saliss’ senses tingle. Not a [Dangersense]—but instinct. It told him he was…outclassed. The Drake didn’t like the feeling.
He did his best. The Named Adventurer bared his teeth in a truly friendly smile as he gyrated his hips. Ryoka turned. She stared down at the nude Drake.
“Oh my g—”
She was not prepared for Saliss. The Drake winked at her as he struck a pose. Ryoka recoiled. Then she looked him up and down.
“…You have to be Saliss.”
“My earholes are burning! Did someone mention me? Saliss of Lights! At your service!”
The [Alchemist] bowed. Teriarch and Ryoka stared at his nudity in the fullness. They were not prepared for this. Even the Dragon stared. He was technically nude in his cave but—
“Saliss of Lights? The Named Adventurer?”
Ryoka was aghast. He was important! But the Drake just sidled up to her.
“They just call me that. You’re Ryoka Griffin, right?”
“Um—yes.”
