7.26
Page 40
“Goal! That’s 2-1 for the teams! And on the other field—is that Typhenous? He’s way too old to be playing goalkeeper! Someone stop him!”
She pointed. An old man had walked into the goal and was confidently leaning on his staff as Jelaqua took the ball down the pitch. The Selphid was too excited to notice him.
“Maughin, watch me!”
She was Rampaging. And she’d raced past the other players. The Selphid kicked the ball past Ryoka like a cannon’s shot. Straight at Typhenous.
“Oh no—”
The Plague Mage’s eyes glinted. He raised a hand. He was holding something.
A magical buckler.
“Forceshield.”
A small barrier of rippling air appeared. The ball hit the buckler and bounced backwards. Jelaqua gaped.
“Foul!”
Half the stands booed. The [Mage] laughed as he planted his staff in the ground. Drassi was shouting.
“It’s good! That has to be fair if they’re using Skills!”
“Cheater!”
Ryoka howled, but the wind was blowing the ball back through the air. She looked around.
Mrsha was kicking the ball, running after it on all fours, but she was less adept than the Human children her age on two legs. Ekirra on the other hand—was scoring another goal. Ryoka ducked as someone shouted.
“Incoming!”
This time it was Keldrass who set up the shot. The Drake was wearing the Heartflame Breastplate in the other goal. He hurled the ball back and a Gnoll blasted it at Typhenous. The [Mage] blocked it. He grinned. The goalie duel began in earnest as both sides abandoned going for defense and began taking shots at both goals.
Drassi kept commentating, belting out names and shifting from game to game. Noass and Relz fought her, but the [Gossip] was living her dream. Her trying to push them over the side of Celum’s walls and Relz dangling from the walls as Noass held on—was a backdrop to the games.
And more and more people were coming.
“Dead gods, are we late? I told you we had to cut the date short, Hawk!”
Selys Shivertail appeared out of the magic door, panting. She ran up the walls and gasped. Hawk grumpily followed.
“But we were having such a pleasant time—whoa.”
They stared at the games being played. Selys brightened.
“Amazing! Erin? Erin! Did you do this?”
“Not me! It was all Joseph! And Lyonette! Look!”
Joseph was organizing the next game. On one side was Bevussa, Jelaqua, Seborn, Relc—the most athletic and nimble players. Pisces was on the other side. And there—jogging onto the pitch and throwing Ryoka into a massive hug—
“Ryoka!”
Garia hugged her friend, lifting her up. Ryoka stared. Who was this?
“Do I know you?”
“It’s me! Garia!”
“Garia? But you look—”
Her friend looked unrecognizable. Ryoka stared at Garia.
“I have the [Martial Artist] class. And [Weight Control]—the Skill. I owe it all to you, Ryoka!”
“But—how—I just taught you one punch and a kick!”
“I know! You have to teach me the rest! Look at me!”
Ryoka did. Garia’s clothing was more revealing. She looked—confident. Definitely fit, although she had been before, just not…like this. But she was so changed. Ryoka felt uneasy. This was the work of the system. She forced a smile and Garia didn’t seem to notice.
“That’s…great. Really—”
“Hey! Get off the field!”
Wailant shouted at his daughter and Ryoka. Garia tugged Ryoka to one side.
“Come on. We have to talk.”
And there was another team. Fals and Wailant and Numbtongue passing the ball to each other. Selys was cheering from the walls.
“Go Pisces!”
