7.26
Page 32
Joseph longed to do something. But he was no leader. Rose wasn’t either. They hadn’t led people in times of real crisis. Joseph was a [Warrior], Level 8, but even though he had tried more than Kevin, he wasn’t one either. He was just…a person.
In a tale of fantasy. Look at that huge muscular Drake! Could anyone from Earth take him on? Maybe Earth’s champions. Or—could you become a [Warrior]? Maybe a soldier. But Joseph? He had never been in the army. He was just a kid from Spain.
Magnolia Reinhart had done a wonderful job of pacifying the people from Earth under her control. Lyonette looked at Joseph, crushed. And she disliked Magnolia intensely for that. It was so…much like her father.
Joseph sat there, as, outside, Kevin got the game of baseball running. He knew he should move, but he was so tired.
“You’re not fun!”
A loud voice made him wince. He heard a shout, a smack as something leathery bounced off a wall.
And then a little red ball rolled towards him. The young man looked down at it. Drassi, panting, clutching at her back, walked towards it.
“Joseph? Can we get the ball?”
Joseph looked at the ball. It was small. A bit bigger than two hands put together, meant to be thrown or chased about by little Gnoll children. Ekirra’s special little ball. Not like Mrsha’s fancy ones.
The young man stared at it. The leather ball was neatly stitched together, made by Gnolls, because of course there was a market for it anywhere Gnolls resided. He stood up slowly.
“The ball?”
Drassi panted. She wanted triple overtime pay for trying to keep Ekirra happy. She saw Joseph reach for the ball. With his foot. He rolled it onto the front of his foot, then kicked it up into the air.
The Drake blinked. Joseph bounced the ball on his foot, keeping it in the air. Ekirra, folding his arms and grumpy, stared. He pointed.
“How do you do that?”
“Skill.”
Joseph replied before he remembered.
“I mean, practice. Here.”
He kicked the ball back towards Ekirra. The Gnoll boy opened his arms and the ball sailed into his grip. Drassi gave Joseph the first impressed look she’d ever given him.
“That was cool. I have to pick it up.”
“Huh? Yeah. Well…I played all the time back home. Not baseball. But every kid plays…”
Joseph trailed off. He stared at the ball. Ekirra threw it and it hit Drassi in the back. The Drake swore.
“Can I murder kids?”
“Hey. Where did you get that ball?”
Joseph slowly squatted down as Ekirra ran over to his ball. The Gnoll child looked up.
“It’s my ball.”
“I know. But who made it?”
“Someone in Liscor. It’s my special ball. It’s red, see? It cost twelve silver.”
Ekirra was very proud of the ball, when he didn’t think about how many balls Mrsha had, and how special they were. His face alternated between happy and hurt as he thought about the inequalities.
“Huh. That’s a lot. It’s a great ball.”
“Yes it is! Do you want to play? She’s bad.”
The Gnoll practically pleaded. He pointed at Drassi. The Drake stuck her tongue out.
“Brat.”
“Where’s the shop that made the ball? Can you tell me?”
Joseph felt at his coin pouch. He’d sold the steel sword he’d been given. But he still had…Ekirra shrugged.
“It’s down Sailtclaw way.”
“…Where’s that?”
“If you go left when you go through the door—then you go straight, and then left—and then past the shop that smells like fish—”
Ekirra had terrible directions. But Joseph listened closely. He stood up as Drassi hopefully turned to him.
“Hey Joseph, if you want to help out, I could really use someone to play with Ekirra…”
“Sorry, I’ve got to go. I’ll be back in a bit.”
