7.26
Page 15
…Like in TV shows, or movies, where you had a tower of plates for comedic effect? That was reality here. Between him and Grimalkin, there was a pile of dishes and Drassi came over to take them away.
“Er…Grimalkin, Mister Eldavin, do you want more food?”
“I am content.”
“I as well.”
Grimalkin picked at one tooth. Drassi nodded, a bit awestruck. Six hamburgers, two slices of lasagna, three entire pizzas, a milkshake, ice cream, seven chocolate squares, fries of course, complimentary with each course, blue fruit juice, goat milk, a quiche, saffron rice, a supreme meat sub split between the two, a spaghetti pot—
And they’d paid for it. Drassi had insisted after the second course, having learned her lesson with Rose and the others. Teriarch had footed the bill; Grimalkin had gladly offered, but the Dragon wouldn’t allow the ‘young Drake’ to do so. Ryoka eyed the Drake trying to take the dishes back.
“I’m uh—grateful. Exceptionally, Grand Magus. I know it’s an imposition. But could we delay speaking a moment longer?”
“I am not made of time, Ryoka Griffin.”
Sternly, the Dragon raised one finger. Burped. He eyed the menu.
“…But I could remain a moment longer. Perhaps a curry, next? Magus Grimalkin?”
The muscly Drake actually looked sick as he put one claw to his mouth.
“I may be ah, reaching my limit, Grand Magus.”
“A shame. You should master a digestive spell. A’ctelios! Only, bring your own food. Go forth, young Drake!”
The Dragon was having too much fun as he shook a finger at Grimalkin. Ryoka saw the Sinew Magus’ face—and then Erin’s. She looked delighted.
“Hello! I’m Erin! Are you Ryoka’s friend?”
The [Innkeeper] beamed her way over. And the [Innkeeper] of The Wandering Inn met the Dragon. They stared at each other.
“Do I know…you?”
“Um. Maybe?”
Erin frowned. The two blinked at each other. And then Pisces’ jaw dropped.
“The [Mage]!”
“You attacked our wagon!”
“Hey! You’re that jerk with the iPh—”
Ryoka slapped a hand so fast over Erin’s mouth that she went over backwards. The Dragon watched Erin topple over. His eyes lit up.
“Oh. You! That nosy little Human who bypassed all my wards and—”
He coughed as everyone looked at him. Grimalkin was scribbling furiously. Teriarch coughed as he finally remembered where he saw Erin. And he gave her a look of respect.
“Well met, Erin Solstice. I am Grand Magus Eldavin, indeed. I am—acquainted with Miss Ryoka Griffin. We have had business together. And we have more still. I trust I am not trespassing?”
“No. Make yourself at home! My inn is your inn. I mean, it’s my inn. But you’re welcome in it. Wow. You’re that guy with the spells. Pisces and Ceria are such huge fans. Right?”
“Er—Grand Magus?’
The [Necromancer] came over, practically fawning over Eldavin. The half-Elf looked up, perplexed, as Ceria crowded behind him. He wasn’t the only one.
Moore practically shoved Jelaqua out of the way. So did Revi, and Typhenous.
“Grand Magus?”
To make a baseball analogy, it was like a bunch of sandlot baseball players meeting an all-star champion. A Grand Mage was only below an Archmage in rank. Of course, it could be ceremonial—but Grimalkin looked like he was an excited pupil in his favorite class.
“I am on something of a break. My business is with Ryoka Griffin. Hm. Yes, I recall you. Bronze-ranks? I’m pleased to see your magical acumen has increased. Have you reached Silver-rank, by any chance?”
And that was Teriarch. He politely, even in a complimentary way, crushed Pisces and Ceria’s egos. Ceria stammered.
“No—well—actually, we’re Gold-rank. We haven’t studied as much—but we killed an Adult Creler—”
