7.26
Page 41
The [Necromancer] was one of the better players on the field. He wove around Beza, kicked the ball—Selys jumped up and down, cheering. And Hawk glowered. He looked at Selys—then at Pisces. His eyes narrowed and his rabbit ears lowered.
“Hold on, I’m going to play.”
He leapt from the walls. Pisces, running with the ball again, saw a flash. The Courier was there, standing in front of him. He snagged the ball, kicking it away from Pisces. And then he ran after the ball, faster than it was moving, and kicked it a second time.
It went straight past Yvlon. The crowd went wild as Pisces and Hawk looked at each other silently. Selys bit her tongue from the walls.
“Oh wow. This is going to be the game of the day!”
Joseph looked at Hawk, who had to be on the team now. Bevussa was looking about. She pointed.
“Hey! We want Typhenous for goal keeper!”
She caught Typhenous, who was shutting down almost every goal with his semi-legal Forceshield he’d borrowed from Ksmvr. The others protested.
“If you get him—we want—Numbtongue! And you! That Gnoll!”
Ceria, with Ksmvr, Yvlon, Pisces, Joseph—feeling distinctly understrength against the dream team of Relc, Jelaqua, Bevussa, Hawk, Seborn, Typhenous—pointed at one of the faster Gnolls.
Wilovan looked up. So did Numbtongue. They walked over and the Gnoll adjusted his hat.
“I must confess, I’m new to this game, Miss. But if I’m called upon, a gentleman doesn’t refuse a lady’s request.”
He smiled toothily. Ceria blinked at him. Typhenous paled as the teams took shape. The first kick came from Yvlon—Bevussa kicked the ball straight at Hawk. The Courier kicked the ball at the goal—then blazed forwards and kicked the ball again.
It went straight past Moore, who’d taken up the position. Hawk raised his hand and the crowd cheered. Selys just glared at him from the walls.
“Show off.”
“It looks like our B-team might be failing against so many fast players! That’s Hawk up the there—”
Drassi was waving her tail back and forth as Relc tried to tail-slap the ball. He shouted in pain.
“Oh, Ancestors! My tail!”
Even so, his team scored again. Jelaqua raced past Ceria, headed the ball towards the goal—and Seborn appeared out of the air, kicked the ball, and vanished again.
“Seborn! This isn’t fair!”
Moore protested as the other team scored. There was another groan.
“We need reinforcements! Who can we get to help?”
Ceria looked around. Yvlon shook her head.
“I’m too slow. Get—Briganda? Halrac? Halrac! Switch with Moore!”
The [Scout], sitting on the walls, shook his head. The B-team looked around. Ceria spread her arms.
“Hey! Give us Relc!”
“No way!”
“Do you wanna play?”
Erin was sitting on the walls. The Dragon looked at her. Grand Magus Eldavin just sniffed.
“I don’t like running about. However, I am enjoying myself. Another bucket of…this.”
He handed Erin an empty popcorn bucket. She looked at him and sighed.
It looked like it was going to be a one-sided game on the B-team’s side. Pisces was glaring at Hawk, ready to take on the other team. But Ksmvr looked around and brightened.
“Ah. Quality members of our team. Captain Ceria, please remove yourself.”
“Ksmvr!”
The half-Elf looked at him, hurt. The Antinium innocently spread his three arms.
“But Captain Ceria, we wish to win—look.”
Here. They. Came. Bevussa looked up.
“Uh oh.”
Grimalkin of Pallass looked across the games. He wrote a little note.
“Incredible. I nearly have all the pieces—are you quite well, Saliss?”
“Never better.”
The nude Drake folded his arms. He looked around for Teriarch. The Dragon gave him a nod. The Drake sniffed, then his eyes lit up.
