7.26
Page 11
The City Runner caught Mrsha gently. The wind blew around them as Erin, dangling from the roof’s edge as Yvlon held onto one arm, stared. Pisces, who had been poised to grab Mrsha, looked at Ryoka, stunned. Her friends saw the Wind Runner of Reizmelt clasp Mrsha to her chest, and only then did the little whirlwind dissipate.
“I’m sorry, Mrsha. I’m so sorry for running away. It was all my fault. I didn’t want to hurt you. But I shouldn’t have gone without telling you.”
It came out of Ryoka in a rush. She hugged Mrsha tight—and then released her. Ryoka held her apart from her body, as if fearing the intimacy.
Mrsha looked up at Ryoka. She smelled of blood and ash. And something foreign. Gold? She smelled of beef and tea and sweat, and the wind. And of guilt.
She looked like sorrow. She looked tired. Older. And so very sad. Mrsha balled up her little paws into fists. She raised one and Ryoka waited.
But Mrsha had felt bad when Lyonette hit Ryoka. She couldn’t. She didn’t know if she wanted to. She wanted—
The little Gnoll’s eyes filled with tears. Where have you been? She tried to ask Ryoka that. But the City Runner didn’t understand her sign language. She just bent over Mrsha, repeating the same words.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry…”
She could be so angry. She deserved to be angry. Mrsha looked up at Ryoka. And she felt it. All the loss—of Ryoka, the one who had saved her from the Goblin Lord—leaving her. When she needed Ryoka.
As much as Lyonette. As much as Erin. She had a mother. But Ryoka—there were no words that described what they were to each other. They had been there when Mrsha’s world ended. And Ryoka had left.
Her anger was righteous. Justified. But—oh, how could you be so angry at someone—
And love them so much? Perhaps it was that. Mrsha reached out. She took Ryoka’s cheek, and pinched it gently. Just to make sure Ryoka was real. At the same time, Mrsha pinched her cheek. She felt the small bit of pain. And knew.
Then she decided what she wanted to do. Solemnly, the little Gnoll put her paws on Ryoka’s shoulder. And looked up at her. The silly, crying Runner looked at her. Mrsha looked into Ryoka’s eyes. She shook her head. She pointed at Ryoka, sternly.
You are not forgiven. You did a bad thing.
The young woman understood that, or enough. She waited. Mrsha looked at her. Then she said the second half.
I’m happy you’re back.
She hugged Ryoka, squeezing her arms around Ryoka’s neck and shoulders. Burying her head in Ryoka’s chest. And crying too.
She came back.
Erin, dangling from the roof, watched as the little Gnoll hugged Ryoka. She started hiccupping with emotion. At the same time, she heard a sniff from above.
Yvlon’s eyes were swimming too. Ceria looked a bit emotional, but not close to tears. Yvlon on the other hand?
“Yvlon, you’re getting emotional.”
“No I’m not. It’s just—touching. Why aren’t you crying?”
The [Silversteel Armsmistress] raised one hand to object to Ceria. The other went to wipe at her eyes. To do that—she absently let go of Erin.
“Aaah—”
The two adventurers heard a thump from below. Bird peered out of his third-floor tower.
“Oh. Miss Ryoka. She is back. Are you alive, Erin?”
He heard a curse from below. Bird nodded and sat in his tower, humming. All was well in the world. Or it would be. The [Hunter] looked up at the sun as he put an arrow to the bow. And he sang, his cheerful voice lingering as those below rejoiced.
