7.26
Page 38
“Go Halrac! This is a game!”
“Dead gods, we have to broadcast this! Anyone have a scrying orb?”
Someone exclaimed from the side. Erin didn’t hear, nor did Ryoka. They were following Mrsha onto the field, laughing. But so it began.
One event after another.
Wilovan, watching from the side, found himself being tugged into one of the scrimmage games. Joseph was organizing the tournament. The top players from each team would keep playing each other. Bevussa, Jelaqua—Pisces smoothed his hair and nudged Ksmvr. Yvlon decided she was better as a goal-keeper.
The games began, three at once. Wilovan refused to take off his hat as he and Ryoka took a team against Relc, Olesm, Krshia—
They were all there. Maviola was laughing as she ran over to join Olesm’s team. Everyone was focused on the games. And Sir Relz was interrupting Noass’ broadcast on art.
“I think we have a new broadcast. Excuse me—if you’re just watching, we have—what is this? Something from Celum? Not the Bloodfeast Raiders—”
Ratici quietly stood in The Wandering Inn. Alone, but for a few staff members hurrying into the kitchen. He walked upstairs, not invisible or camouflaged.
Just casually. As if he belonged there. The [Thief] adjusted his cap as he found the room he’d scouted out.
“Here we are, sir. Are you listening?”
“Yes.”
The voice was tense from other end of the communication spell. Ratici bent over the board. He concentrated.
“Let’s see, sir. You vouchsafed the combination to me as something like this: Pawn to A1—Knight to E6—a curious combination, sir. What’s a pawn?”
“The…small pieces. Do you not play chess?”
The voice was frustrated. Important, but Ratici liked to chat, even to the rich and powerful. He wasn’t lesser than them. The [Thief] bent to his task, speaking casually.
“Insofar as I have time off, no, sir. Not my sort of game. Ah—there we are.”
He heard a sharp breath on the other end. The board’s pieces were rearranged to a completely innocuous pattern, like a chess game someone else played. But—the key to the pudding was something on the other end, Ratici was certain.
“Tallman, sir?”
“It—it’s a match. It’s good. And you’re sure that this—this—room belongs to her?”
“Young woman. Female. Human. ‘Bout twenty years old. [Innkeeper], Erin Solstice. Yes, sir. Her room. We’ve checked multiple times.”
“I see. Thank you. Your job is accomplished. Dead—thank you. And this is without a doubt?”
“Unless someone can fool my associate’s eyes and mine, it would be apparent that this is the case as evidenced by our eyes, sir.”
Ratici’s voice was patient. On the other end, the Titan of Baleros was silent. He stared at the magical chessboard. A copy of the one he had hired Ratici to change.
“…Put the board back to its original spot. You’re—the payment will be sent at once. Until I get there, you’re hired. Escort duty.”
He whispered. Ratici frowned.
“Begging pardon, sir, but my companion and I don’t take that sort of request—”
“I’ll double your fee.”
“Well, on the other hand, we always like new experiences. Let’s say we’ll keep an eye out, howsabout that?”
“Done. Just—good work. Remove yourself before you’re detected.”
Niers Astoragon sat back. He stared blankly at the board as Ratici hung up, grumbling about paranoid employers.
“It is true.”
He hadn’t believed it. But the Titan of Baleros…looked at the board. His hand was shaking as he reached for a glass of water.
“Time to go.”
That was all he said. And he began making plans. Until Peclir Im knocked, with a scrying orb in his hands.
“Sir? You may want to see this. Another ‘event of interest’ around Liscor.”
