7.26
Page 25
She had left Mrsha. Lyonette’s hand itched to hit Ryoka again. Just for that. How many nights had Mrsha woke up crying for Ryoka? How dare that—that—
And Mrsha was with Ryoka. Which—was fair because they hadn’t seen each other. But not with Lyonette. The [Princess] knew it was irrational. But part of her rage came from fear. She was Mrsha’s mother. But would her daughter go with Ryoka?
To distract herself, Lyonette busied herself with the affairs of the inn. And they were legion.
“Where’s Erin? We’re moving through people to help in Celum. Some Antinium—although it’s…difficult…to justify them in the north. But they build like no one else, and Celum needs rebuilding.”
Olesm was looking around as he wearily supervised the streams of people moving through the doorway. Lyonette stared at the crowded trap hallway and realized they needed a bigger waiting area. Perhaps before the trap hallway? With refreshments, tables? Wait, that was called an ‘inn’. She looked at Olesm.
“You’re letting the Antinium go to Celum?”
The [Strategist] grimaced.
“I…am. No one builds like Antinium, and we needed them to excavate.”
“Besides, they’re not all alike. You watch your enemies.”
A Human [Lady] appeared behind Olesm. Maviola El was smiling. Lyonette actually smiled at Maviola. After a week of her visiting the inn—they were something like friends. Although Maviola made Lyonette feel decidedly younger. But they’d had talks, gone to the public baths together—
Olesm nodded, smiling foolishly at Maviola. They were both managing people. He cleared his throat and went on.
“…Even with them, though, rebuilding Celum will take time. And it’s not our job. Liscor’s help only goes so far—Celum will have to pay for at least some of it. And the people might not want to stay there. Many have already been put up in Liscor and Esthelm and that might be permanent…”
The Human population in Liscor had sextupled overnight. There was so much change in the air. Lyonette nodded.
“Whatever you need, Olesm, we’ll try to help.”
“Food and drink is enough for now. And your beds!”
“Comfy. And your Skill is very useful. I mean, Erin’s.”
Maviola smiled. The two had literally fallen asleep the instant they’d returned, but thanks to Erin’s [Twofold Rest] Skill, they were already fairly alive. Lyonette smiled.
“It’s very useful. The door’s yours today. Let me know if—”
Crash. All three jumped. They heard a sound from outside. Then a voice.
“Oh shit. Sorry!”
Lyonette’s tentative smile snuffed itself out. She knew that voice. More importantly—she knew the scenario. She strode outside. And there they were.
Okay, what had happened was that the seven Earthers—well, four of them—had been outside. And the city of Liscor was sending supplies towards The Wandering Inn from the gates as well as the magical door. And perhaps one of them had got in the way because they hadn’t noticed the carts coming up the hill. Leading to one of the drivers swerving and the entire cartful of nails spilling out.
Nails. In the grass. Mrsha ran about there. Not that she’d be doing that for…Lyonette closed her eyes as the Gnolls and Drakes argued.
“Dead gods.”
“Ah.”
Maviola eyed the Earthers. This had been Leon’s fault. But there was Troy, Galina, Rose—all of whom guiltily turned about as Lyonette walked outside.
“Sorry, Lyonette…”
“Someone please cast a—metal-grabbing spell? Anyone?”
Lyonette beseeched Montressa, Bezale, and Palt. The three [Mages] groaned, but began levitating the nails out of the grass. Lyonette turned to the others.
“Please don’t get in the way of the traffic.”
