7.26
Page 26
“Sorry. Leon wasn’t looking where he was going—”
“You shoved me!”
Leon accused Galina. Lyonette sighed. Then she heard a voice from above.
“That’s true. Totally Galina’s fault. Right, Bird?”
“I saw it all, Kevin. This is Galina’s fault.”
Slowly, Lyonette looked up. Kevin was sitting on the roof, next to Bird. Joseph stopped drinking as she looked up at them. The [Princess] began to twitch.
“Please get down from there.”
“But Bird’s up here—”
“Bird does not fall.”
Lyonette could just imagine one of the two Earthers falling, needing a [Healer], and ruining her day. Again. She looked around.
“Where’s Imani?”
“In her room. Too many people.”
Kevin called down. He stood up, and Joseph did too. The young man was drunk though, and wobbled, flailing his arms. Lyonette and everyone below ducked as he wind-milled his arms.
“Fuck—”
Bird and Kevin grabbed him. All three teetered on the edge of the roof. Lyonette put her hands to her mouth. Oh no. Bird!
They stabilized just in time. But the call was literally them balancing on the edge. Sheepishly, Kevin and Joseph came down. Joseph looked embarrassed, his flushed cheeks red.
“Sorry—”
“Stop drinking.”
Lyonette snapped. She was in no mood to be kind. It had been…one week. And the Earthers as a whole were driving her insane.
As individuals, they were actually okay. But some of them got on her nerves more than others. Imani? Lyonette had all the time for Imani. The young woman could cook, and she helped out when she wasn’t suffering panic attacks.
But the others…Rose liked to think of herself as a leader. When this was Erin’s inn and Lyonette ran it. Joseph had a drinking habit he refused to quit. Kevin was Kevin. Which wasn’t always bad. Leon and Troy saw everything as a game, and were always debating things from their world. ‘Are Gnolls like Wookies?’
Galina kept trying to pet Mrsha.
Small things. But they added up. And as a whole, the seven could cause more trouble than Erin and Saliss rolling barrels full of cheese down a hill. Lyonette was just done. She looked at Joseph. And her ire wasn’t without company.
“Sober up. There’s a time for drinking. A city is destroyed, and you’re causing trouble?”
Palt snapped as he trotted by the Earthers. He’d taken on some of the burden of managing them—and fighting Montressa and Beza off them. He tapped Joseph on the face.
“[Remove Intoxication].”
The young man stopped standing so unsteadily. Some of the flush went out of his cheeks. Suddenly faced with stone-cold sobriety, Joseph rubbed his face. He needed a drink.
“Why don’t you all go inside?”
“We can help clean up.”
“You’ll step on a nail. Why don’t you go inside? You can help serve tables, or clean up, or—play with Ekirra.”
They were bad at serving things too. The Earthers looked at Lyonette’s face and went inside, arguing quietly. She rubbed at her head. She had a migraine.
“I wish you the best of luck. I’d trade with managing relief to Celum—but I don’t want to.”
Olesm commented. Lyonette smiled for a second. Maviola put a hand on Lyonette’s shoulder.
“Be kind to them.”
“I know. It’s not their fault they’re…”
Useless. Lyonette knew their history. Held prisoner—or as ‘guests’ of Magnolia Reinhart and being waited on hand-and-foot. They were like a lot of the nobility or monarchs she’d known, with less than 10 levels in anything. Like her, really. But she hated seeing herself in them.
But the [Lady] of House El shook her head. Maviola looked at Lyonette.
