7.26
Page 1
Mrsha. The City Runner tensed. And mortal fear flooded through her veins. Fear, and guilt.
“I know. I’m not going to run.”
“Liar. Come on.”
Erin’s arms tightened. She began to drag Ryoka in a bear hug. It was comical, the short [Innkeeper] dragging Ryoka’s lanky body behind her. It made people laugh—or it would have, if anyone in Celum had been in the mood for it.
Do not forget that the Bloodfeast Raiders had been here. Ryoka’s smile flickered, looking around.
“Erin. I did…come at a bad time. Maybe Celum was always going to be attacked. But I was here when it happened. When I left, it was because I couldn’t do anything…”
“Shut up. I’m not letting go. My inn is safe. You can’t go. I’ll bite you if you try to run.”
She raised her face. Ryoka saw tears, and Erin gnashing her teeth threateningly. The Runner tried to pry Erin off her, and then gave up.
“I’m not. Fine. I’m heading towards your inn. Where is it?”
“The magic door’s in the center of the city.”
“Okay. Let go.”
“No.”
That was how Ryoka Griffin ended up trudging down the street as she dragged Erin behind her. Even in the desolation, the people of Celum turned and stared. The young woman was holding onto Ryoka’s waist and refused to let go.
As Ryoka struggled, cursing Erin, and trying not to laugh, she passed by a paragon of the half-Elven form. The Dragon stood, watching her and blinking.
It was hardly an auspicious moment. The two locked gazes. Ryoka’s jaw dropped. Teriarch blinked at her.
Perhaps he had envisioned some grand moment where he revealed himself. If so—he had failed to land the legendary aspect of it. The Dragon eyed Ryoka. She stared.
“T-Teri—”
“Hello, Ryoka Griffin. I believe our business is unfinished.”
The Dragon’s heterochromic eyes glinted in the rising daylight. Ryoka was at a loss for words. Teriarch drew himself up—and he was taller than her, powerfully built. He pointed at Ryoka’s chest.
“Child, do not mistake me. I am Grand Magus Eldavin to you. And we will speak further. I do not leave a debt unpaid. You and I will—”
“I knew it. Who’s this? Doesn’t matter. You’re not getting away!”
Erin Solstice stood up. Teriarch broke off and eyed her. The [Innkeeper] made a hyeup sound, and lifted Ryoka up in a bear hug.
“Erin! Stop!”
Ryoka immediately began to struggle. But her [Lesser Strength] and occupation had made Erin strong enough to lift one Ryoka. She began carrying Ryoka down the street. Teriarch stared at Erin.
“Hey, whoever you are. Sorry, I’m borrowing Ryoka. You can have her later.”
Erin grunted, red-faced. Ryoka stared helplessly at the Dragon. Teriarch’s mouth was slightly open. He stared at Erin.
“Do I know you…?”
“Probably. Get in line!”
Erin shot over her shoulder. Faced with that, the Dragon had no choice. He began trailing after Ryoka. The young woman might have noticed him, as striking as he was. Hair like white silver, beautiful, robed. Also—somewhat unsteady on two feet.
But she was focused on Ryoka. She put down Ryoka after one street because Ryoka was heavy, but she didn’t let go. She linked arms with Ryoka, afraid her friend would disappear.
Not again.
And Ryoka Griffin felt it too. She looked back at Teriarch, the Dragon, once. Then she looked ahead, and took a deep breath. For there were things in this world more important than Dragons.
The Brass Dragon had the surreal experience of being ignored. He trailed after Ryoka, opening and closing his mouth, caught in the Solstice Effect™, as first observed by Magus Grimalkin.
Just like that, on a day following magic and tragedy, Ryoka Griffin returned to The Wandering Inn.
 
—-
 
