7.26
Page 20
He said that. But what Ryoka heard was something different. She looked at the old man still lying in the cave. And she smiled.
“On one condition.”
“No more artifacts. I told you—”
He growled. Ryoka looked down the hill.
“No. They get to watch. I’ll tell them you know about—home. But they have to watch.”
Mrsha’s ears perked up as she raced about. She looked up suspiciously towards the two sitting on the hill and the laptop, smelling of smoke and oil and other stuff. Erin looked up as Ryoka waved at them.
“Oh—very well.”
The Dragon gave in only after a moment. With a harrumph he sat back. And Ryoka called out.
“Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll looked up at her. For a second she hesitated. Then she ran up the hill.
 
—-
 
Ryoka didn’t know what she said to convince Erin. Nor did she really care what Erin thought, even after Ryoka’s preaching about telling no one about Earth.
She just sat there, as she moved the cursor back to the opening. Teriarch harrumphed as Ryoka showed him more computer functions. For some reason, this offended him.
“You can rewind the story to the beginning!?”
“Um. Yes. What’s the problem?”
The Dragon paced back and forth.
“It’s—wrong! This is a narrative! The audience should not be allowed to control how it is presented! Not for a work of art!”
Ryoka eyed the Shrek movie as Mrsha bounced up and down in her lap, staring at the screen. It was art. But…she’d never heard a Dragon say that unironically.
“Don’t start it yet! Oh my g—I mean, dead gods, I have to see it! I’m getting popcorn!”
Erin screamed as she ran out of the doorway with salted and buttered popcorn in a huge bowl. And that was Erin. She could adapt to meeting Grand Magus Eldavin and watching Shrek without batting an—
Okay, even Erin had blinked a few times. But she was all-in. She huffed up the hill.
“Can we invite anyone? Are you sure we can’t?”
“Absolutely not.”
“Even Ekirra? He and Visma are coming to visit—okay, okay! I’ve locked down the Garden. This is so great. Here. Bowls. Eldavin, here. Do you like yeast?”
“…What?”
The Dragon looked down at the two bowls. Erin was offering buttered popcorn with salt, and nutritional yeast, her personal favorite in one. Ryoka reached for the non-yeast bowl. Erin had gotten the edible yeast from her local [Fermenter], but that wasn’t the problem.
“You’re disgusting. She’s disgusting, right, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll ignored Ryoka. She was already chowing down on the yeast-bowl. Ryoka shuddered. After a moment, Teriarch copied Mrsha and took a yeast-bowl. Which left Ryoka as the only voice of popcorn-sanity.
“This is so great. I’m going to scream when I see Donk—”
“Silence. I require commentary from only one source.”
Teriarch pointed casually as the opening narration began. Erin, affronted, slapped at her mouth and then punched Eldavin’s shoulder. The Dragon’s head swiveled around.
As the two engaged in a pushing war, Ryoka felt Mrsha’s eyes lock on the images on screen. They hadn’t—talked. Not really. Just hugged. Mrsha couldn’t talk. But Ryoka, so caught up in the other introductions, had yet to speak to her.
“Mrsha.”
The Gnoll’s ears flicked up. Ryoka took a breath as someone kicked an outhouse door open. She tried to whisper into Mrsha’s ears as the song of the decade of the century began playing.
“I just wanted to tell you. The reason I—”
A furry little finger nearly went up Ryoka’s nose. Mrsha pressed it against Ryoka’s lips as the song began playing. She stared—and then began giggling. Erin and Ryoka stared at Mrsha. And then Erin began laughing too.
Shh.
