7.26
Page 33
The young man hurried out the door. Drassi stared at his back as Ekirra wandered over to Visma, who was applying makeup. Drassi threw up her hands and looked around.
“Useless Humans! I told you. It fits, right, Ishkr? Ishkr?”
“Keep playing.”
The Gnoll advised Drassi. The Drake groaned. But she was wrong. Because one of her ‘useless Humans’ no longer looked quite so useless. He walked through Liscor, to a shop that sold leather balls stitched together of all sizes. They were light, and if this world hadn’t yet managed to create ones as lightweight as home—they could at least inflate a few bladders and slap some leather around them.
The young man looked into the shop and the Gnoll [Leatherworker] looked up. Joseph stared at the display. He felt at his belt pouch. And—he had to make one more little mistake. He winced.
“…Can you charge it to The Wandering Inn?”
 
—-
 
Lyonette got the Street Runner’s bill about the same time as Joseph got back to the inn, holding a large ball. She snapped.
“Joseph! You cannot buy—what is that?”
She stared at the large sphere in Joseph’s arms. It was the largest ball the shop sold. Lightweight. Joseph bounced it. Not as bouncy as…but it was nearly the right size.
“I’ll pay you back. I’ll work. Sorry. I really am. But I had to get this.”
“A ball? Mrsha has tons! Just borrow one of those!”
“They’re too small. This—is perfect. Hey, Ekirra. Do you want to play?”
The Gnoll looked up. Lyonette hesitated as she saw Joseph bouncing the ball on the ground. And she sensed it. She closed her mouth, looked around.
“Not inside.”
“Right. We’ll break everything. Is there anywhere flat to play?”
Joseph looked around distractedly. Lyonette had to think.
“…Not in Liscor. There’s the diamond, but they’re playing baseball there. The only other place is in…”
She hesitated.
“Celum. We could send you through. But Ekirra should stay here…”
“What if we’re just outside the walls? Is that okay?”
There were adventurers and all kinds of people in Celum. Lyonette slowly nodded. She was exasperated at Joseph. And yet—he slammed the ball down and it popped back up to his hands. Ekirra’s ears perked up at the sound. Even Visma looked up from playtime.
“Are you…going to play a game? Like baseball?”
Lyonette asked casually, over the thumping of her heart. Joseph smiled.
“It’s a game. But it’s way better than baseball.”
 
—-
 
There was something logical about it. Just…it made sense. From baseball to a little Gnoll, and a Human and a few watchers from the inn, including Lyonette, watching them standing in the grass outside Celum.
Parts of it were burned. And the city was destroyed. Joseph looked at the ruined houses. He couldn’t fix them. He couldn’t even fix his habit.
But this? This he knew. He kicked the round ball and it rolled across the grass, under a summer’s sun. Ekirra picked it up.
“No, kick it back. See?”
Clumsily, standing on two legs, the Gnoll tried. Joseph made an encouraging sound as he ran to catch the ball with one foot. He kicked it back. The Gnoll ran on all fours after it.
“Don’t touch it with your hands! Paws! Whatever. You have to kick it! Or use your head if it’s in the air.”
Joseph called back. Ekirra’s ears perked up. There were rules. The young man knew what he was talking about. Ekirra leaned back and gave the ball a mighty kick.
He was small. But he was still a Gnoll. Joseph saw the ball flying and his eyes widened. He moved—not with a [Warrior]’s battle-honed reflexes, but with something else.
