7.26
Page 39
Niers Astoragon looked up.
“What? But I didn’t—what event?”
He looked into the scrying orb. And saw a pair of very familiar Drakes, speaking in front of…no, they were outside! Sitting on a table on a wall. And below them was…
“If you’re just tuning in, this is Sir Relz and Noass, from Pallass! Only we’re in Celum and broadcasting what I understand is an impromptu game outside of Celum! Shattered by a Bloodfeast Raider attack, these plucky Humans are raising spirits with a game of ‘kick the ball’.”
The other Drake coughed, adjusting his monocle.
“I think it has a name, Noass. Let’s see if we can talk to some of the people. You there! Miss! Can you tell us what this delightful pastime is?”
Drassi looked up. She had been cheering from the walls. The [Gossip]’s mouth fell open.
“Oh. Ancestors. Are you—how are you here? Dead gods! Sir Relz and Noass! I love your show!”
The two Drakes preened as the young [Gossip] ran over. Noass smiled at the audience.
“We came from Pallass directly. Miss, this game?”
“Right, right! It’s so amazing, isn’t it? Look! That’s my favorite team, there—”
Everyone in the world saw Pisces kicking the ball. Bevussa dove for it, but an Antinium leapt. Ksmvr made Bevussa recoil as the [Skirmisher] kicked at the ball.
“I can fly. Whee.”
The Antinium landed. The ball shot towards Halrac and Revi ran after it, battling with Kevin.
Sir Relz’s monocle nearly popped out of his eye.
“Good gracious! This is nothing like that game of—er—‘base the ball’ we observed a while ago. That was before we were doing these broadcasts, viewers. And Celum—or the area around Liscor has two such games?”
“Yes! Look at them play!”
The Drakes craned their necks. The two looked at each other. They were [Commentators]. And this deserved…Sir Relz cleared his throat as he smiled.
“I believe, Noass, this is what we were made for. I’m observing two teams here. Is that the Horns of Hammerad I see?”
“Yes, Sir Relz. Newly minted Gold-rank adventurers. After slaying that Adult Creler, battling…er…Griffon Hunt? I need to consult my notes, but certainly good adventurers! Oh—sorry—”
The ball flew down the field. Drassi danced from one foot to another as the [Commentators] fumbled for their notes. Noass raised one finger.
“As I understand it—they’re down one member. That Human…no, not part of their team.”
He squinted at Kevin. The young man had the ball and was passing to Relc. The watchers cheered as the Drake ran with the ball, roaring and swinging his fists at Pisces as the young man tried to take it.
“That would be…the Gecko of Liscor. Ah, retired, but let me just provide some historical context here…”
Relz saw Pisces take the ball. He was trying to explain about Relc’s career. Drassi eyed the two Drakes as they stumbled. She saw Noass pull out some notes. And then—she shoved Sir Relz out of his seat.
“Pisces has the ball! ”
“Young woman! We are the [Commentators] here—”
Sir Relz gasped. Drassi ignored him trying to get back into frame. She spoke urgently to the viewers, tilting the angle to get the game as Pisces raced down the field. Her speech was urgent, rapid, keeping up with the action.
“Pisces has the ball, long shot to Ksmvr, he’s taking it around Moore, and he shoots—no! Halrac’s blocked the ball! He’s tossing it back and here goes Relc again! He’s kicking from that far? Oh Ancestors!”
The ball smacked Yvlon in the chest. She went over and the audience exploded. So did Drassi, fighting the two other Drakes off.
