7.26
Page 16
“Really? Miracles exist, then! Fascinating! And you—young woman? Your arms are fascinating. Are these all your friends? Silver—er, Gold-ranks? The same level of proficiency, certainly.”
The Dragon luxuriated at being in the center of attention. But he was focused on Ryoka. Disconcertingly so, actually. He brushed away Revi’s stammered attempts to get him to drink with them.
“Ryoka Griffin, it is past time we talked. Of high-importance, in fact. But perhaps—privately?”
He cast his eyes around at the other fawning [Mages]. Dismissing them, even Grimalkin. Erin blinked.
“Your friend’s sort of big-headed.”
She whispered in Ryoka’s ears. Too quietly for any but Ryoka to hear, surely. But Teriarch’s eyes still narrowed. He looked at Erin and she beamed innocently at him.
“Hey! Great to meet you! We have private rooms! Eldavin, huh? You’re like—the third half-Elf I’ve ever met. Where have you been? I didn’t know a Grand Mage lived in Izril.”
Teriarch coughed.
“I—ah, prefer solitude.”
“No kidding? So you’re in hiding?”
“…Yes.”
“So, this is like a big deal that you’re out here. Hey, how did Ryoka meet you?”
The City Runner wondered if kidney-punching Erin would cause that much of a distraction. Teriarch narrowed his eyes.
“I travel quite often. My abodes are hidden. I have long since abandoned Wistram and politics. My meeting with Ryoka Griffin was coincidental.”
“Oh. So when she went to the High Passes, you’re the person she was delivering for?”
Say this for Erin—she wasn’t an idiot either. She just lacked—the ability to keep things secret. The other [Mages] turned into wax works. Grimalkin’s quill nearly caught fire. Teriarch just looked at Erin. At a loss for words.
“[Group Memory P—]”
He hesitated. Then put down his hand as he subvocalized it. He might fail—so far from his actual body. Grumpily, the Dragon gave Ryoka a look.
Do something. Ryoka Griffin looked around desperately.
“Um, Erin, Grand Magus Eldavin is a private client. We have a relationship—I’d hate to compromise it. Can we—be more private? He has pressing business. And I’m wasting his time.”
“Hmph. Exactly.”
The Dragon harrumphed, clearly relieved. Erin’s eyes widened.
“Oh! Sure! I have tons of private stuff. Private rooms, a private garden! Oh wow! I forgot to show you my garden! Ryoka! Mrsha, we have to show her!”
Mrsha perked up. She leapt off Ryoka’s shoulders for the first time. Teriarch stared at the Gnoll and she sniffed at him for a second. Then she raced off the table and towards a wall. Ryoka turned her head. She saw a magical doorway appear as if it had been there the entire time. Her jaw dropped.
“No way.”
Eldavin-Teriarch stood up too. His eyes narrowed.
“Fascinating.”
He glanced at Erin. Her anti-[Appraisal] ring might have as well been toilet paper in front of a tidal wave. The Dragon murmured under his voice, in his cave in the High Passes.
“Ah, Level 40, of course. Spatial Skills.”
Then he did a double-take.
“Is she engaged to a Wall Lord of Salazsar?”
The Dragon opened his eyes wide. Ryoka’s friends were—fascinating. Just as well he’d stayed! He had to ask about that!
The Dragon eagerly made his way after Ryoka as Erin tugged her to the door. On the wall, he had to swat the other [Mages] aside.
“Grand Magus, if I could just have a word—”
“Young [Necromancer], I have a predisposition against the field of necromancy of late. I have no interest in teaching you.”
“If I could just ask—”
“Sinew Magus, we level by experience, not by having our claws held. I suggest you educate yourself in the ways of other species. Drake magic is commendable, but too cloistered.”
