7.26
Page 36
Outside of Celum, under the sun, a team of players was running after a ball. Ryoka saw Joseph running after a large leather ball. He kicked it—and it flew.
“Don’t let him score!”
People were shouting from the walls of Celum. The ball flew towards a net. A literal fishing net attached to a wooden frame. Someone was standing in the goal posts.
Moore. The half-Giant was nervously shielding his face and the goal. But before the ball could get there, it had to get past the other team. And as it flew, someone kicked it out of the air.
Bevussa knocked the ball down. It hit the ground, and her team rushed after it. But a [Necromancer] appeared in a burst of speed. Pisces [Flash Stepped] as he kicked the ball ahead.
“Stop him!”
He was too fast! He ran around Ulinde, wearing a Gnoll’s form, and Ishkr. But then—his shadow moved.
Seborn Sailwinds leapt out of Pisces’ shadow. The [Necromancer] jerked—too late. The [Rogue] kicked the ball straight up.
“Bevussa.”
“Got it!”
The Garuda kicked the ball in the air. It soared over Joseph’s head. Straight towards the other goal. He saw the other team charging after it. But the goalie—Ceria—caught the ball.
“Throw it back!”
The half-Elf reversed the ball. But her throw was weak. It barely went anywhere. She cursed, charged out of the goal—
“Relc kiiiiiiiick!”
And the Gecko of Liscor shot forwards. He kicked the ball and it blasted past Ceria as she dove for her life. Ryoka heard groans and shouts.
“Springwalker, you idiot! You block the ball!”
Pisces shouted at Ceria. She pointed and he dove as a clump of snow shot at him.
“You try it!”
“3-2! Throw the ball back!”
Ekirra ran around the outside of the pitch, after the ball. He threw it back; Mrsha’s eyes widened as she saw his ball being played with in a smaller, kids-only game to the side. She immediately began to wiggle off Numbtongue’s shoulders.
“No way. Is that Joseph?”
“That can’t be Joseph. He’s not drunk. He’s actually moving.”
Erin and Ryoka looked at each other. And now—more people were calling out.
“Substitution! Let us play! Losing team out!”
Kevin jogged onto the field. Joseph gave him the ball and the young man grinned. Ceria threw up her hands.
“If you’d let me use [Ice Wall] again—”
“That’s cheating.”
“Yeah! Play us! No one can beat the Gecko! Yeah!”
Relc posed in the field to cheers. The new team formed up. Humans from Celum,—Kevin, Jelaqua, Bezale, Elirr—
Erin had to sit down. And she realized—many people were. Those not in Celum—no—most of the city was taking a break—were sitting on the walls. Eating.
Forgetting, for a moment. There was something blissful about focusing on the game. Kevin was pointing.
“Okay, go!”
He kicked the ball to the other team. The other players charged. Bevussa kicked the ball out of the air.
“Foul! Hey, she’s too good!”
The Horns complained loudly as they pointed at Bevussa. Joseph was scratching his head. Football had not been designed with flying players in mind.
“Maybe—but the other players can use their Skills. See? Oh wow—”
He pointed. The ball had been caught by Kevin. He carried it up the field. And Relc was charging at him.
“Oh heck.”
Kevin kicked the ball to Jelaqua before Relc ran over him. The Selphid charged.
“Rampaging! Whoo!”
She shot forwards, faster than anyone. She booted the ball towards the goal. Moore looked up. No one was there. Jelaqua had missed—
Beza appeared out of nowhere, shedding her [Invisibility] spell as Bevussa and a Human ran after the ball. She smirked—and the Minotauress [Spellscribe] kicked the ball.
