7.26
Page 14
The [Prisoner] looked at Ryoka. And then he began to guffaw. He sat down, laughing for the first time in forever.
“My friend. It is good to see you again. Where have you been?”
Ryoka Griffin opened her mouth. She searched for an answer that would make sense of it all, apologize—and there wasn’t one. But then she looked at Calruz. And a twinkle entered her eye. She grinned at him.
“Running.”
 
—-
 
You could write a hundred thousand words about the moment where Ryoka Griffin met Calruz of Hammerad again. A story in itself, of her asking, judging, and understanding all the Minotaur’s sins. And he—hers.
Mrsha as well, seeing the two little rats hiding behind Calruz. Listening, and learning the kind of lessons neither Lyonette nor Erin could teach her.
A lifetime of stories, from the Horns, to Calruz, Erin’s triumphs and travails, learning just who Numbtongue was and why it mattered—let alone his ghosts—and that wasn’t even going into Ryoka’s stories.
Catching up, laughing, mourning those lost—it could be a million words, easily. And even if every moment of those conversations was set down, you’d still miss Octavia, who couldn’t get a word in edgewise.
And there was still more. So, when all that was said and done, Ryoka Griffin looked around. Her nose felt sore from blowing it so many times. Mrsha had just wiped her nose on Ryoka’s hair. It was…congealing.
That was when she saw Teriarch. The Dragon, as a half-Elven [Mage], sat at a table. Amusedly watching Grimalkin demonstrating workout methods.
“But why would you bother, young Drake? Change your form with spells. I admire the willpower it takes. However…you are no [Athlete], but a [Magus].”
Grimalkin’s face fell.
“But surely the effort means something, sir? If a spell can achieve what months, years of calculated exercise can do, what is the point?”
Teriarch’s eyes glittered.
“The point? The point is that mastery of magic achieves the same goals. Is it any easier to study for three decades to achieve such convenience? Or do you wish to protest the power of magic?”
The muscular Drake struggled with his response. At last, he spoke in a strangled voice.
“No, sir. It is just—difficult for me to accept.”
The Dragon’s face softened.
“Young Drake. You are being foolish. Magic—nay, this world is unfair. Skills and spells derived from Skills make mockery of hard work already. Unfairness is a part of life. Your efforts are not in vain, though. Your study of this—weightlifting will improve all those who do not reach the mastery of magic. That is your great worth. Believe me, it will matter. I should know.”
“Yes, Grand Magus. I am humbled by your words!”
Grimalkin bowed, claws behind his back. He was so respectful, more than Erin could remember him being to anyone, even Chaldion. Teriarch sipped from his cup with good humor.
“Excellent. Keep studying, and you too may achieve the rank of [Archmage]. You are a tad bit too ignorant in other schools of magic yet, but one may hope you become an [Archmagus of Strength] yet. I personally recall—hmm?”
The Dragon broke off as Ryoka approached. Mrsha stared at Teriarch, sniffing the air as the City Runner cleared her throat.
“Ter—”
“Grand Magus Eldavin.”
The half-Elf smiled, warningly. Ryoka saw the Drake glance up; he was no idiot. He scrutinized Ryoka as the City Runner nodded.
“Sorry—I was delayed. I…had to come home.”
“So you told me. I am contented. This outing was not entirely in vain.”
The Dragon smiled to himself. Ryoka eyed him. No, not in vain at all. He had a pile of plates.
