7.26
Page 17
“I’m uh, Revi—”
“A [Summoner], yes, Miss? And what of it? Begone, begone.”
“As a fellow mage of years—”
“How old are you, eighty? Kindly master a longevity spell and talk to me in a hundred years. Thank you.”
Dragons. They could savage you with words. Ceria opened her mouth, saw the Dragon glance at her. Of course, to her, he was only a half-Elf.
“Child, you are far too young to be out here. Perhaps consider studying for another two decades?”
The last comer was Moore. And the half-Giant flinched, rather than be casually split in twain by Eldavin’s words. The Dragon paused as he saw Moore.
“A [Green Mage]? And a half-Giant?”
“A poor one.”
Moore muttered into the floor. Teriarch looked at him. And smiled widely.
“Farwalker, you are far from your clans. Are you a half-Giant alone? Your blood runs thin.”
“Yes, Grand Magus. I am short—my parents left me behind. Out of necessity. I was Terandrian.”
The half-Giant looked at Teriarch. The Dragon reached up, caught Moore’s arm in a crushing grip as the [Green Mage] tried to bow.
“Then walk with pride. Your blood runs in the very mountains. Walk well, child.”
Moore looked at him. And his head rose. His spine straightened. He bowed deeply to Teriarch. And the Dragon looked at him and smiled. He bowed his head once. From one of the oldest races to another.
No more. He walked past Palt, Ulinde, Bezale, and Montressa. They were all quietly screaming into a [Message] spell.
“Yes! Grand Magus Eldavin is here! The Grand Magus from Zelkyr’s era! Tell the Archmages! He’s still alive! He’s in this inn—oh, Dead Gods, he’s looking at us!”
Bezale nearly swooned into Montressa’s arms. Or rather, onto her. The Grand Magus huffed.
“Children. Not a decent one among them. Except perhaps the Sinew Magus and the half-Giant.”
He paused in front of the door. Ryoka stared into the Garden of Sanctuary.
“It’s…magic.”
The White Gnoll raced about the grass, laughing silently as a bee flew around her. The [Garden of Sanctuary] bloomed. And Erin Solstice spread her arms.
“Ryoka! Come on! It’s safe here! Just you—”
Ryoka hesitantly put her hand on the doorway. And for a second there was resistance—
Then it was gone. The City Runner stepped into that magical little world. Mrsha ran up to her, holding tiny little blooming flowers. The City Runner began to smile. She inhaled the scents of nature.
“Ah. The [Garden of Sanctuary]. How long has it been since I’ve seen it?”
The Dragon breathed. His eyes misted over as he put a hand on the doorway. He frowned as he walked forwards and smacked into the opening. Eldavin glowered.
“I come in peace. I bear no hostility towards the owner—let me in.”
Erin Solstice, laughing as Ryoka stared about and Mrsha tried to tug her up to the hill full of statues—stumbled. Something was pushing against her head! She looked about.
“What the—”
The Grand Magus was frowning thunderously as he pushed at the door. Erin saw the opening shuddering. She felt the inn—resisting. She was too.
“Wait! Stopstopstop!”
The young woman ran at the opening. Just in time—she felt the inn shake for a second. But then the Grand Magus was pulling his hand back. He hadn’t managed to get in. But he’d been trying.
“Why am I blocked from entering?”
“It’s just for friends! I’ll let you in! There! Come in! Don’t break my door! Jeez!”
Erin put her hands on her hips and glared at the half-Elf. He stared at her, haughty as Pryde. Haughtier, if that was possible. Then he ducked his head, almost abashed.
“I—appreciate the honor, Miss…Solstice?”
