7.26
Page 2
Mrsha du Marquin woke up with a start. She sniffed the air, rolled out of her bed, disoriented. She distinctly remembered serving people food and drinks last night. But now it was bright! The Gnoll sniffed her empty mattress, noting a distinct lack of Lyonette. She put two and two together as the child looked about.
She must have fallen asleep last night! Sometime before midnight! And they’d put her to bed! Mildly outraged, Mrsha raced at a wall. Before she collided head-first with the wood, the Garden of Sanctuary opened.
The white Gnoll raced onto the grass and then did a u-turn. She charged at the door again, and it revealed the common room of The Wandering Inn. She raced forwards on all fours and looked about.
“Mrsha! Ancestors! You scared me out of my scales!”
Drassi jerked and narrowly avoided a collision with Mrsha. The Drake was yawning, but she was already serving weary guests at this early hour. Adventurers, Celumites, people from Esthelm, Liscor—all of them were wearily sitting about the inn.
Lyonette du Marquin herself, Mrsha’s mother, was still at work. She wobbled as she put some food in front of a starving group of [Guards].
“On the house. That means ‘free of charge’. Thank you for all your hard work.”
The surprised group of Gnolls and Drakes looked up. Some murmured thanks, appreciatively digging into the rich food, loaded baked potatoes with topping of sour cream, sauce, fried Rock Crab meat, pig bacon, butter…
The kind of meal that sat in your stomach and walked you straight into bed. Some of the Watch was so tired they couldn’t even eat—at first. But the food reinvigorated them and they dug in. Lyonette smiled. Then she felt something small leap onto her legs.
“Mrsha! You’re awake?”
The Gnoll rubbed her face into Lyonette’s side as she climbed up. Lyonette grabbed her with both arms and hugged her.
“Hello, dear. Did you sleep well? You worked so hard last night. I’m fine, really.”
Mrsha looked up anxiously at Lyonette. The [Princess] had rings underneath her eyes. But she was smiling.
“Truly. I’ll rest after we find Erin. She’s been up all night, too. Do you want breakfast? Then you can help out. I’m sure we need it. I could use some food, too.”
Mrsha nodded. She raced into the kitchen as Lyonette put her down. She was going to help! Lyonette looked hungry, and there was nothing better than a fat fish for breakfast. In Mrsha’s opinion. With butter and nice and hot from the oven? Oh, how delicious! Mrsha would bring it for Lyonette since she was being helpful.
The Gnoll ran into the kitchen and saw a group of Humans clustered around the cupboards. She stopped, nearly slamming into them. She saw Joseph, Kevin, Galina—five out of the seven, minus Leon and Imani. They were clustered around a counter and eating.
“Joseph, stop drinking! You’re sick.”
Rose hissed at Joseph as they ate the fish and a casserole for breakfast out of one of the cupboards. Joseph was drinking.
“I. Need. A. Drink. Or don’t you, after last night?”
The young man from Spain on Earth, growled at Rose. He was having a morning cup of gin and blue fruit juice. Which was really, very tasty. But possibly not the best for you. His hand practically shook in relief as he took a huge gulp of the drink.
Mrsha just—stared. Kevin was salting the fish and yawning.
“Anyone know where the ketchup is? Why are we eating a fish?”
“I couldn’t find any of the other food. Just eat. We’re staying out of Lyonette and Erin’s way—oh.”
