7.26
Page 24
Once you met the Dragon, you couldn’t ever go back again. The Dragon looked at Saliss and whispered a silent blessing, worthless as it was. The Gods were Dead.
Then he went back and watched a movie about faith. Contact. And knew it for what it was. One of the few people besides those from Earth who could—would see the truth.
 
—-
 
It was a glorious day. For all the City Runner raged at the Minotaur’s flaws—and her own. In between the slaps. It was the kind of day that you lived for.
Even the small things. Like Erin tripping up the hill with an armful of snacks to watch Contact. Teriarch sitting on the grass, grumbling about clothing, feet, and hair. The Dragon brightened up as Erin put down the food.
“Here’s snacks! No one get fat! I mean—today’s special. So it doesn’t count.”
She reassured herself as she took an experimental corndog and a handful of frenched fries. The Dragon licked his lips as he reached for a chocolate square. He looked down as someone plomfed into his lap.
Mrsha stared up at Teriarch. He stared down.
“Get off my lap, child.”
She slowly took the chocolate square he had been reaching for. Without breaking eye-contact, she put it in her mouth. The Dragon’s eyes narrowed. He reached for a fry.
Mrsha stole that too. The two stared at each other. Then Teriarch snatched with inhuman speed for a corn dog. He had it in his hands—Mrsha leapt and bit the lower half.
“I’ve killed for less.”
The Dragon whispered to Mrsha. She smirked as she chewed. Bring it. They began fighting over the food. After half a minute, Teriarch tossed Mrsha off the hill and into the pond. It was a mighty throw. He began levitating the food high overhead as Mrsha raced up. In response—she head-butted him in the chest until Erin and Ryoka came to break up the fight.
Seeing all the food there—was tempting. It made Apista vaguely hungry. But she had flowers. On the other hand…Numbtongue, hiding on the hill and watching the movie behind the audience felt his stomach growl. But he was totally willing to watch in hunger; the movies were amazing and the volume was turned up enough for him to hear.
That was the kind of day they had. Cuteness, sorrow, threats of violence over food—The Wandering Inn at its finest.
But. What of the rest of the inn? Ekirra stared at the wall where the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] had been. He sadly kicked his little red ball and it bounced off the wall.
“Mrsha’s mean. I hate Mrsha.”
He announced. Visma looked up and nodded distractedly; she was playing with Mrsha’s makeup set. But Ekirra wanted to play with his ball. Even if Mrsha had seven. Or was it eight?
His mouth began to tremble. Drassi picked up the ball.
“Ekirra, Mrsha is doing something very important today. Ryoka came back, and she and Mrsha need to spend time together. They’re…the best of friends.”
She hesitated, not knowing if stuffing your face counted. But the part about Ryoka was true. Ekirra stamped his foot.
“I’m Mrsha’s best friend!”
“Right, right. But—what if we play ball?”
Ekirra looked up at the Drake. He kicked the ball to Drassi. She awkwardly kicked the ball back. Ekirra’s ears and tail drooped. Drassi was slow.
At the same time, someone else was not having such a glorious day. And that person was Lyonette du Marquin. She paced back and forth.
Ryoka. Why did she have to come back like that? Why did Mrsha have to—no, it wasn’t about Mrsha. She was Lyonette’s darling child. Too generous by half.
But Ryoka? She just waltzed back in, and everyone forgave her. And maybe there wasn’t much to forgive. But Mrsha?
