7.26
Page 8
“Half-effort. A modicum of effort. I am just here to rest and…watch a movie. Why is that creature an Ogre? Has the creator never seen an Ogre before? Or is this in some hideous world where Ogres have been so mutated that they’re green and…were those ears?”
The Dragon shuddered. He had seen monstrosities, and this one wasn’t the worst. But it was too disturbingly—person-like. He needed Ryoka to explain it.
But she had a life. The Dragon was an outsider. He sighed as he stood in front of the magic door. Perhaps Reinhart…? But she had made her oath. Teriarch absently twisted the dial to a yellow gem.
“Now, this cannot lead to where I think it is. They didn’t disable the teleportation web just to—”
The door opened to Pallass. Teriarch saw a huge Drake, arms folded, standing in the transit cell. Grimalkin of Pallass recoiled slightly, seeing the tall half-Elf standing in front of him.
“At last! I sent you two [Messages]—oh. Excuse me.”
The Drake blinked at Teriarch. The Dragon blinked back. His first impression of the [Sinew Magus] was that someone had taken a bundle of muscles and attached a Drake’s head to it.
“Excuse me?”
The half-Elf [Mage] turned his head slightly, a superior look in his eyes. To Grimalkin—it was like running into one of Fissival’s lead [Mages], or an Archmage all of a sudden. The Drake’s mouth moved. He could sense the magical acumen in the person standing in front of him.
“…I am Grimalkin of Pallass. Who might you be?”
“I am T—Grand Magus Eldavin. I apologize; I have just arrived in this inn via Celum. I was inspecting this…door. And you are a [Sinew Magus]. Fascinating. I didn’t think that anyone in this world still practiced physical enchantments anymore.”
The half-Elf’s eyes lit up on seeing Grimalkin. He inspected the Drake, much like a [Scholar] looking at a particularly interesting sample. Grimalkin huffily drew himself up.
“My field is underappreciated, but I’ve been working in it for the last three decades. Who might you be? Grand Magus Eldavin? I don’t recall hearing…”
He paused, narrowing his eyes. The Drake actually…did…remember that name. somewhere. They’d never met; he never forgot a body type. But didn’t Wistram’s roster include…?
The Grand Magus’s eyes flickered.
“I was formerly of Wistram’s Council of Magi. But I have not been to the Academy in over a hundred years. I do not recall your name. But I have been—sequestered of late. Tell me—does this doorway lead to Pallass? Unsecured?”
Grimalkin opened and closed his jaws. Over a hundred…? Half-Elves. He nodded, brusquely, eying the hallway behind the Grand Magus. He would have stepped through and told the man he was busy—but Grimalkin was reluctant to do so. He answered politely, instead.
“We are in a holding cell. Hardly unsecured.”
“If you say so.”
The half-Elf’s brows rose with clear disdain for the ‘holding cell’. Grimalkin bristled—although he saw the point—then stopped. He looked Eldavin up and down.
“You, sir, have excellent musculature. I’m sorry, but I have to bring that up. I’ve hardly ever seen such optimal distribution of muscle mass in most [Warriors], let alone a fellow [Mage].”
“Oh? Well, thank you. It isn’t much.”
The Grand Magus seemed pleased. He regarded his body as if he hadn’t even noticed. Grimalkin’s attention was drawn to his midsection. He could see the abdominal muscles there.
“Do you…exercise, sir?”
“Not often. I seldom leave my c—research laboratories. Did you say your name was Grimalkin? Ah, of Pallass, yes. Interesting. You’ve written a number of papers…”
