7.26
Page 21
The little Gnoll didn’t want to hear the reasons. Or excuses. She just sat there, resting against Ryoka. And the young woman closed her eyes and realized how much she’d missed.
The silly little movie began to play. Teriarch suspiciously looked at the other three giggling and laughing females. Then he began to smile and get into it. Until the false Dragon appeared.
And all was right in the world for a little bit.
 
—-
 
Of course, they noticed. Even Mrsha noticed. Moore, not exactly the most suspicious character, noticed.
Who was Grand Magus Eldavin? He had come out of nowhere. And he knew Ryoka Griffin.
Was he that Grand Magus, who Montressa was raving about being a former high-mage of Wistram, excellent in magic but who had retired rather than be part of the rat race? Did he really have an abode in the High Passes?
It explained so much. The implications were shaking everyone to their core. They had seen past the veil. Grimalkin was practically frothing at the mouth with all he’d been taught.
The Wistram [Mages]? Ironically, after that first outburst of [Messages] back to Wistram, they were paralyzed. Even as Archmage Naili and their faction leaders demanded an explanation, the Wistram [Mages] were suddenly afraid. You didn’t want to get in the way of a serious individual, especially retired Council [Mages].
Ah, what fools they were. The Drake wove his way through the crowd. Of course, he’d come as soon as he’d heard about the Bloodfeast Raiders.
To kill them.
But he’d been too slow. If they’d attacked Liscor, perhaps he might have made it. As it was—he felt useless. The Humans in their city were dead. He’d walked around—but there wasn’t much to be done.
Just rebuilding. And Saliss of Lights did not rebuild. He was good at destroying.
So the Drake had come back to The Wandering Inn on a hunch. For here, the magic happened. Octavia caught him as he reentered and listened to the gossip.
“A Grand Magus? Ryoka Griffin. Interesting. Barefoot Runner? I wonder if she’s a nude buddy?”
The Drake grinned. Then Octavia waved her arms, desperate, nearly in tears for anyone’s attention.
“Master Saliss! Master Saliss, I did it!”
“What? Hi, Octavia.”
The Stitch-girl [Alchemist] was too excited to stand on ceremony. She tried tugging Saliss to her workshop, newly built.
“The mold! I think it worked! It killed the bacteria stuff! Can you see? Please? Lyonette gave me—it’s secret—but it helped me! Please, Master?”
“Octavia, I’d love to.”
Saliss brightened up. He had yet to complete his tests on the magical flowers Erin had given him in such profusion—and Xif was indeed crying himself to sleep—but this was new too.
Erin’s inn had a magic Saliss wanted to bottle. He envied her. He knew something about creating miracles, but she had more talent at it than him. His idea of a ‘miracle’ was destroying a lair of Crelers and killing an Adult by himself to save a town.
There was some magic there, and it was necessary. But he liked hers better. Saliss turned as the door to the inn opened.
Two doors. Ekirra raced into the room.
“Mrsha! I have my ball! Let’s play! Let’s play!”
He howled around—and then saw all the adults. Ekirra would be sad, because Mrsha was in the Garden of Sanctuary, watching Shrek, and they had on their lineup Contact, Star Wars, all three episodes—
In grainy resolution, yes, but Kevin had okay taste. Mrsha was at that moment amped up on the movie. And the adults, Teriarch, Erin, and Ryoka were entering the inn.
“Sorry, Ekirra. Mrsha’s a bit busy—can we let him play? Ryoka? Eldavin?”
“I have little time.”
