7.26
Page 6
And saw Ryoka. The young woman stood in the doorway, looking about. Unable to say all the things she needed to tell the others in front of her. Mrsha stood on the stairs, afraid to move. Not sure if she was happy or—multiple emotions ran through her at once.
Someone moved, though. As Erin halted, next to her friend, Lyonette turned and walked down the stairs. Disbelieving, she looked at Ryoka Griffin. She walked up.
“Ryoka?”
“Yes. I’m—”
Lyonette du Marquin, Princess of Calanfer raised her hand and slapped Ryoka. The sound made half the inn flinch. It was a [Flawless Attempt] at a slap, and it had all the force behind it Lyonette could muster. Ryoka actually spun a bit with the force of it. She caught herself, felt her skin burning. The [Princess] looked at her, disgust in her eyes.
Not all reunions were happy.
 
—-
 
In total, it was five. Five slaps—even if they weren’t all backed by a Skill. They were more like punches near the end, until a shocked Erin, Yvlon, and the others managed to pull Lyonette off Ryoka.
The City Runner sat on the ground, her head ringing, cheeks red from the blows. She hadn’t tried to dodge or step back. And in some ways—that was better. She hadn’t expected it from Lyonette, but it made her feel as though she was getting what she deserved.
And yet, it solved nothing. Lyonette was forced off Ryoka as Erin shouted and waved her hands. Those who knew Ryoka flooded forwards; people who only had a vague understanding of the moment, like Wesle, Jasi, and the others held back.
But each person who did know her—took something different from the moment. Lyonette was furious, but she calmed quickly from her rage at seeing Ryoka just—walk in. Without warning Mrsha or Lyonette or anyone.
The emotions weren’t so complex in others. Ceria threw her arms around her friend, and Yvlon grabbed Ryoka in a one-armed hug. Ryoka gawped at Yvlon’s arms. Because, of course, she didn’t know what had led to it.
That was pure. But some, like Halrac’s team, stood back. Not angry—just cool. Appraising. Remembering the circumstances surrounding Ryoka’s disappearance, perhaps.
Regrika Blackpaw. The death of Ulrien, Brunkr…
So many old failings, stories, buried threads unearthed by her return. Yet, the little white Gnoll standing on the stairs was one of those to whom it mattered most.
The Dragon saw that. He was unaccustomed to being a bit-player, but he had followed the two into The Wandering Inn. Now, he muttered to himself.
“A door? Didn’t Reinhart say something about…? This? Truly? This is the fantastic artifact that…?”
He was catching up on world news, plucking the scrying spells out of the air and copying them as he watched the events unfolding in the inn. And of course, analyzing the people and things within the inn.
“It’s just a teleportation spell on a door. Someone’s mangled the enchantment. I grant you, it’s a decent idea, but can’t they just recast…or is this an artifact? This?”
Affronted, the Dragon poked the door, eying the mana stones that were crudely forming locational anchors. He heard a voice.
“Excuse me! Don’t mess with the door please. Thanks!”
Drassi bustled by Teriarch. He stepped back.
“How dare you—I mean, er, my deepest apologies, child.”
The Drake [Gossip] eyed Teriarch. She smiled, briefly.
“Sorry. We’re just transporting people to and from Celum. I need to change this to Liscor…”
Teriarch watched as she adjusted the dial, and then opened the door.
