7.26
Page 18
“It’s Erin. And don’t you do that again! Aw, but you’re okay. Come in! You and Ryoka can talk here.”
“I’ll come too!”
Half the [Mages] in the inn shouted at once. They streamed after Eldavin and smushed into the door. Erin winced. She saw Pisces clawing at the invisible barrier and called out.
“Sorry, guys. Just Ryoka and Eldavin for now.”
“Grand Magus Eldavin.”
“Did I say your name wrong? Sorry.”
Erin looked blankly at the half-Elf. He hesitated.
“Er…no. It is just that—never mind. Ahem. You are quite something to own a [Garden of Sanctuary], young woman.”
“I am?”
The [Innkeeper] looked confused. The Dragon looked her up and down. Almost—haughtily, he replied. Ryoka was staring at Gerial’s statue on the hilltop as Mrsha stood solemnly by her side, holding her hand.
“It is an honor. One that comes only to those who have experienced—loss. Who are worthy of it. I am surprised you have the Skill.”
Erin Solstice ducked her head slightly.
“…Yeah. It is something.”
“It is not to be taken lightly. [Empresses] have owned such a Skill—to give them places to reside. Memory resides in this garden. If you are so cavalier about it—”
“I’m not.”
The young woman whispered. The Dragon snorted—in his half-Elf form it came out as a sniff.
“Your attitude gives me little to believe in. A Skill of this worth is not something—”
“I don’t take it lightly.”
The young woman spoke. And the Dragon halted. He looked at Erin Solstice. And saw her eyes locked on his. Erin’s voice was quiet.
“I would never take it lightly.”
The Dragon looked at her. He glanced up towards the hill, and froze, slightly.
“It has not changed since I last walked here.”
That was all he said. Teriarch looked at Erin. Then he bowed, truly, bending his waist.
“May you be always worthy of it. Your name, again, young Human woman?”
“Erin Solstice.”
He nodded to her.
“I will remember it. Perhaps…I will hear it again. The [Garden of Sanctuary] would not belong to anyone less.”
He turned away. Then his shoulders hunched. He looked back at Erin, urgently. And his voice lowered.
“It was first created by Empress Sheta of Iltanus. There is only but one. Tread these grounds with respect. If you will allow me—I will walk here.”
“…Of course.”
Erin nodded. And the Dragon began to walk. He put his hand against the walls covered with ivy. They had just begun to grow when he first…and someone had removed many plants, changed the cliffs that had been…there. But the hill was the same. The lake smaller, but…he walked for a while.
Marveling, and closing his eyes. Remembering a fluttering Harpy, full-grown, leading him about it for the first time, telling him where she would plant flowers. And though they were different, they still bloomed aeons later. The Dragon walked, until Ryoka and Mrsha came down from the hill, wiping their eyes.
Then he nodded, once. And looked at the young woman who stood there, basking in the sun.
“Very good. You have my thanks, Erin Solstice. That which is glorious should not be lost.”
He turned away. Erin blinked. She had to ask Ryoka—was Eldavin always so—sanctimonious? But she sort of liked him.
 
—-
 
Ryoka had been crying a lot today. She wasn’t sick of it—but it was a lot of tears. And happiness. In the end, she sat with Teriarch. Solemnly, she looked at Erin.
“Can I tell her…?”
“No. It is your choice. But my nature is secret. Sacrosanct. If you would honor aught about me, honor that.”
Ryoka bowed her head. She rested in a patch of grass and resisted the urge to rip it up as they spoke.
“I won’t, then. But Erin is a good person.”
“That I know.”
