7.26
Page 28
She linked arms with Ryoka. The City Runner opened her mouth. The [Princess] glowered. Then she sighed, looking at Mrsha laughing and bouncing on the prone Numbtongue.
“Fine. I’ll try.”
Grumpily, she stomped off. Erin winced, as she saw Lyonette begin ordering Kevin to stop picking up the glass with his bare fingers. The door shut.
And Lyonette was alone.
 
—-
 
Find what they had inside them. Maviola had said it, then Erin. Perhaps they were right because the two were alike. But how was Lyonette supposed to do it?
Perhaps…perhaps by doing what had been done to her. Lyonette took a breath.
“Kevin. Joseph! Troy, L—where are they?”
“I think they went to their rooms. To stay out of the way.”
Galina replied. Lyonette just stared at her. She swung around.
“Kevin, Joseph. Why don’t you help me unload the wagons?”
A delivery of food had come up the hill with the goods. The two young men looked at each other. Ishkr and the Gnolls and Drake staff would normally take care of the work. But Lyonette decided this would be good. She looked at the two young men.
Joseph groaned, but nodded. Kevin just gave Lyonette a thumbs up.
“Cool. Be happy to.”
She blinked.
“Really? I mean—excellent. We’ll just store all the dried goods in the basement. Come on.”
They trooped outside, navigating between the waiting people going through the magical door. The cart wasn’t that big. There were just some heavy bags of flour, perishables—
“I’ll take the eggs and such. You can get down to the basement?”
“I’ve been there. Yup. Lift!”
Kevin picked up a bag of flour. Joseph tried to do two, then put the other down. Lyonette sighed. She took the eggs into the kitchen. Then came back and saw…
Kevin and Joseph working. It was nothing special. They grunted as they navigated around people, didn’t smack into Ishkr cleaning up the glass or alcohol, dodged Ekirra kicking a ball and Drassi chasing after it, panting…but they carried the heavy loads down to the basement.
They weren’t exactly strong. Your average male Gnoll could do two bags on his shoulders. But they were around a Drake’s strength. And both were actually decently fit, not overweight. They didn’t hurry.
But to Lyonette’s surprise, they got the job done. Kevin was actually more motivated than Joseph, who had gone from pleasant intoxication to something of a hangover. The young man was from…California. Erin had described him as a ‘stoner dude’. Which was uncharitable, but Kevin had that vibe, Ryoka and Erin could agree on.
However, he was laid back. Friends with Bird, strange as that was. Lyonette felt the most from him and Imani. And he was putting some effort into the lifting and carrying as Joseph paused for a drink of water. Lyonette felt moved to have a word with him as he wiped sweat from his brow.
“Good work. Thank you for doing it.”
“Nah, it’s nothing. We’re getting fed, right? You tell me to lift, I lift. It’s good exercise.”
Kevin smiled. Lyonette almost smiled back.
“Great! And you are putting some effort into it. You—could get the [Laborer] class. Or maybe [Server]? That would be good, right?”
Kevin looked up. He hesitated.
“…Nah. I don’t think so.”
Lyonette’s face fell.
“Why not? If you put in the work—”
Kevin flipped his hair up as he responded. He was actually walking back to get another bag. He hefted one onto his shoulder as he turned around. Lyonette decided the inn needed a back door. No—a postern gate.
“No, totally. I could get the class. But I’ll probably just say no to it, y’know? I’ve done that to the last…six classes.”
