7.26
Page 30
“Oh. That. That’s the baseball equipment. Do you know baseball?”
“Do I? You have baseball?”
Kevin’s face lit up. Lyonette half-smiled.
“Erin brought it to this world. Sometimes people play in Liscor, but they haven’t organized many games recently. Do you play?”
“I mean—yeah. I grew up playing pitcher. That’s awesome. We should play a game!”
Lyonette’s eyes lit up as Kevin jumped down the stairs. He picked up a ball and bat and chortled at the glove and baseballs. She understood, in a flash, what Erin and Maviola had meant. The [Princess] looked around.
“I think I have an idea.”
 
—-
 
The inn’s guests looked up as Lyonette came up the stairs. She said one word.
“Baseball!”
Kevin followed her, carrying baseball bats, gloves, and the balls in his arms. The other guests stared. Some of them scratched their heads. Menolit commented to a Gnoll beside him.
“Eh, I don’t feel it.”
It didn’t have the same…ring to it as Erin did. The regulars were disappointed. The [Princess] looked around at the ambivalent tones.
“Baseball!”
She tried again, louder. The others looked at each other. Relc, leaning his chair against a wall, sat up slightly.
“Baseball?”
“Baseball!”
Now they got it. The adventurers looked around. Halrac grunted. There were shrugs, nods. Yeah.
“Let’s play some baseball!”
“There’s a diamond right outside Liscor! We’ll play a game—with Humans, Drakes, Gnolls—anyone who wants to join in! Come on, who wants to play?”
Lyonette clapped her hands, going around, getting people to agree. She was channeling her Erin and trying to be bouncy. She…half-succeeded.
“I guess it could be fun.”
A few of the Drakes and Gnolls agreed. The Humans in Celum stirred, recalling those games. A few drifted after Lyonette, when they saw Kevin marching out the door.
“What’s baseball?”
Wailant Strongheart looked interested as he came through the door from Celum. Garia burst into the inn after her father.
“Ryoka! I heard she was here from Fals! Where’s…?”
Fals himself looked at Lyonette. He was tired, burned. She stopped.
“We’re…going to play baseball to get people’s minds off things. Do you want to come, Fals?”
“I’d love to. And that’s a great idea, Lyonette. But—I want to keep working. Could I…get some food?”
The City Runner looked back towards Celum. Lyonette stopped, nodded.
“Of course. Kevin—can you take people outside?”
“Sure! Baseball this way! Let’s play a game! Hey, Rose! Get Leon and Troy!”
“They don’t know how to play baseball. Leon’s from Poland and Troy’s from Greece!”
Rose objected. Kevin rolled his eyes.
“Everyone knows how to play baseball, Rose. Even if they’re not from America, like us. Come on. Galina too! Joseph?”
“Fuck baseball. Who likes that game?”
The young man from Spain was sitting down. His headache was in full force. Kevin hesitated. Then he shrugged. He led people out the door. Not an Erin-sized crowd. But Lyonette was getting Fals food, trying to explain that Ryoka was busy to a disappointed Garia.
And the baseball game commenced. It wasn’t an Erin-phenomenon, all magic and spontaneity. It was more…calculated. Lyonette took groups of people bound for Celum, had them organize into teams. It was just…relaxing. As Kevin explained the rules, took up the pitcher’s mound. The Liscorians knew how to play. Gnolls and Drakes roamed out of the city, sensing the excitement. They stared at the Humans. But they picked up gloves, bats—
Lyonette smiled. Joseph refused to go, as did Galina, but the other Earthers, even Imani, joined in. And Kevin was pitching to the Gnolls.
