7.26
Page 37
Right between Moore’s legs. The half-Giant was too slow. The others applauded and laughed.
“Invisibility is cheating!”
Relc howled in disgust.
“Not if you can use Skills! Losers out!”
Kevin shouted right back. Erin exchanged a wondering glance with Ryoka. Teriarch wandered out of the magic door.
“Where has everyone gone?”
Then he saw the game of football. Erin pointed at it. Palt was running down the field, trying to kick the ball, but the Centaur’s legs weren’t exactly good for the game. Still—he was fast. And there was Halrac. Palt passed to him—the [Scout] kicked the ball. And refused to run.
“You coward. This is a game!”
Revi jogged past him, panting. She’d switched out her body for a more athletic Revi. The [Scout] grunted and walked into the soccer goal to play defensively. Typhenous stroked his beard.
“I might want to play. What are the rules about—”
Jelaqua kicked the ball wildly and everyone ducked as it soared over Celum’s walls, just missing the spectators.
“You could break someone’s neck!”
“Sorry! This is so fun! Hey, are there more of these balls?”
The Selphid was laughing. And more people began calling out, wanting to play in their games. Joseph looked around.
“Do we have any more balls? This size?”
“We can make them. What’s special about them?”
One of the [Tailors] from Celum called out. Joseph pointed.
“It has to be lightweight. Strong—hey! Kick the ball back!”
He shouted at the people on the walls. Someone shouted.
“Coming back!”
The ball flew through the air, high into the sky. People ran after it—
And then something hit the ball. Everyone looked up as the ball fell out of the skies. It landed on the ground, suddenly, deflated.
There was an arrow in it.
Everyone turned to the Antinium on the walls. Bird held his bow behind his back.
“…I thought it was a bird.”
“No!”
Joseph was heartbroken. The other players clustered around as Erin promptly confiscated Bird’s bow and put him in no-hunting timeout for three days. But then a group of [Mages] strode up.
“Quite the pickle, yes? But if we cast [Repair]—hm. That fixes the tear.”
Typhenous tapped the ball. The rip repaired, but the deflated ball didn’t fix itself. Montressa rolled her eyes.
“You’re talking to an [Aegiscaster], Mister Typhenous. Allow me.”
She poked her wand into the ball, whispering a spell to cut the fabric. Then she blew air into the ball.
“[Orb of Air]. That makes it tight—”
“Hold on, too tight and it’ll blow!”
Joseph cried out. Montressa smirked. The inflated ball began to glow.
“[Fortified Material: Steel]. Don’t worry, it makes it strong as steel, not as hard. If you would?”
“[Repair].”
Typhenous tapped the ball. It fixed itself. Then, Montressa bounced the ball. It was more buoyant than before. The [Aegiscaster] looked around.
“We can make it better. [Featherweight]!”
She touched the ball. And when she tossed it at Joseph, it flew. He grabbed the ball. Then kicked it straight up.
Everyone stared up into the sky. The ball soared up…Ryoka’s head stayed back.
“Holy shit.”
“That’s too light! Oh my god.”
Joseph was laughing with shock and awe. Montressa shrugged.
“I can adjust how light it gets. Isn’t lighter better?”
“You could kick that a thousand feet! Joseph, why can’t we play with one of those? Can you make more, Mons?”
Kevin excitedly looked at the [Aegiscaster]. She puffed out her chest.
“Sure. Just get me a ball and I’ll enchant it! It won’t last unless I do rune work, but—go ahead!”
A second ball was produced. The first one began flying about, with the [Featherweight] enchantment removed. Erin laughed as she saw Halrac grumpily block a ball.
