7.26
Page 9
The half-Elf was suddenly distracted, as if he in turn was recalling information—or probably, consulting magical notes. Grimalkin bowed his head slightly. He walked into The Wandering Inn, motioning at the Pallassian [Guards] behind him.
“You…don’t maintain your form, sir? Perhaps you have another class? [Blademaster] or…?”
Half-Elves were an eccentric lot. But Eldavin just shrugged. He stroked his beard, eying Grimalkin up and down.
“Not at all. My…class…is solely that of [Grand Magus]. Hrm, yes. I maintain my athleticism via spell, naturally. Exercise, however commendable, is too much of a waste of time. How fascinating. You are certainly a specimen of physical prowess yourself.”
Grimalkin’s jaw dropped. He replied, faintly.
“You maintain your form by spell?”
“Obviously. Form-shaping spells, spells to build muscle—”
The Grand Magus waved the idea away as if it were too elementary for consideration. Then he noticed Grimalkin’s stare.
“Er…they are elementary, aren’t they?”
“N—I mean to say, I prefer working out physically, but—they are not in my lexicon of spells, Grand Magus.”
Grimalkin replied weakly. Eldavin frowned and scratched at his beard. He muttered into it.
“Dratted hair. I should have gone bald…is spellcraft really that behind? Physical enhancements were far more complete in my day. Do you not know any form shaping spells?”
“…I have a few Skills. Sir. Uh—may I ask what your business is here?”
Grimalkin found himself humbly squaring his shoulders. The [Grand Magus] couldn’t be serious. But—half-Elves. He had white hair, which meant he was at least two hundred years old. Feor wasn’t nearly as old-looking! Or in such exemplary shape! Eldavin just waved this off. He eyed Grimalkin worriedly, coughed into one hand and replied with an innocent tone.
“Purely a coincidence. Young…Drake. Form shaping is the fundamental nature of necromancy and flesh magic. Blood magic to some extent, but that is too sacrificial…ah, but I recall now. Your academic works are quite interesting. Hardly novel, but studious. Well done.”
He nodded to Grimalkin in a grandfatherly way, smiling proudly from one [Scholar] to another. The Grand Magus went on as Grimalkin had to lean against a wall.
“It doesn’t surprise me that you lack form shaping spells. Exercise is all very well, but for we mages, well, it can be a waste of time, can it not? When a spell can do the work of running up and down a mountain…we may lack Skills, but we have sorcery. I would advise you to travel a bit. Inquire into A’ctelios Salash, other colonies of necromantic or blood magic. Khelt as well…they have experts in the field. The [Flesh Shapers] of A’ctelios are quite adept.”
“I…see. But surely exercise has its own merits? Sir?”
Grimalkin saw someone coming through the door behind him. Watch Captain Venim, to investigate these claims that a Drake had been part of the Bloodfeast raiders. But suddenly that was a secondary concern to Grimalkin. Even Erin herself—no—wait. The Solstice Effect. This must be…
“May I ask how you came to be here, sir? Did you meet a young woman? Erin Solstice?”
“I may have. The name is familiar…hm. No, I am just here out of curiosity. As to your question—exercise is a physical virtue. It builds willpower, muscle memory—but sorcery compensates for the sheer…muscular growth and such. As I’m sure you know. Like the [Shapeshifters] of old would tell you, the body is eternally mutable. Still, a valiant effort on reintroducing the physical school of magic.”
He patted Grimalkin on the shoulder. The Drake looked at Eldavin. Reintroducing? He blinked a few times.
