7.26
Page 45
As the game between Joseph’s team escalated to the final, game-defining point, Joseph kicked the ball.
“Go for it!”
It shot to Thomast. The [Chevalier] instantly kicked it left. Around Hawk, who was fast, but not a team player. To Wilovan, who obligingly sent it up.
And there he was. The Antinium flew through the air. Ksmvr kicked the ball down. Relc dove. Jelaqua ran—but she was too late.
Numbtongue stood by the goal. That Hobgoblin, unnoticed by all, smiled at Garia. She leapt—and he jumped as well. The ball grazed his hair. And he bopped the ball slightly. It bounced into the goal.
Goal. Amid the cheering, Erin saw a figure running. In front of the scrying orb as Drassi shouted and B-team celebrated. Palt pointed, and the air shimmered and glowed as he cast a spell.
Just a little spell. But an [Illusionist]’s flair on it. Archmage Nailihuaile choked. Feor shot up and stared around the banquet hall. Montressa, Bezale, Pisces, Ceria—all saw the Centaur’s writing in the air. It was a message.
 
Presented by the Ullsinoi of Wistram.
 
Flowery, beautiful. The world’s first advert. Across the dining hall, a group of [Illusionists] fell over laughing and cheered. Erin breathed out. Palt winked at her.
All three Archmages exploded. Teriarch hmmed as he smiled.
“Well, they’re still about? Those tricksters. I should visit Wistram. So much intrigue.”
He happily copied all of the [Messages] the so-called ‘Archmages’ had been sending to Beza and Montressa and other agents.
And the day was saved. Erin Solstice blew out, shaking. And realized she was smoking the dreamleaf cigar. She went cross-eyed and snatched it from her mouth.
“Hmm? Hm.”
She eyed it, hesitated, put it back down.
That was it. More happened—and would happen. But Joseph ran until he couldn’t move. Then he just flopped down in the grass. He laughed, not consumed for a desire to drink. Just happy. For a moment, he had brought something from home here. And it was even more magical. He closed his eyes and heard the words.
 
[Kicker Class Obtained!]
[Kicker Level 8—
 
—-
 
And that wasn’t all. Erin Solstice hugged Palt when he came back. The Centaur was smug as Montressa and Beza received new, angry messages. He bowed slightly to her, and took the cigar.
“Very entertaining. I may stay here a while. But we have business. And you must run, Ryoka Griffin. If you wish to meet your friend by the Summer Solstice.”
Grand Magus Eldavin nodded to Ryoka. Celum needed to be rebuilt—the world’s urges reasserted themselves. He would not stay the night. But Erin had fed him—a lot, actually—and he would come again.
If only to watch the movies. Ryoka presented Kevin with his laptop. She’d deleted his porn stash. Mainly because Mrsha wanted to watch movies.
So much. But that night, Ryoka slept in a room with Mrsha. Lyonette was grumpy about it, but it was a special occasion. Joseph went to bed without needing drink for once.
And Erin had seen his spark. She went to bed smiling. Not quite aware of how the world was different. But it was.
That night—little Ekirra gained the [Kicker] class too. But that was a tale for tomorrow, and other days. Celum would not forget this day. Nor Pallass, or Invrisil, who had watched the game making history. The world shifted—possibly because of a Dragon.
And one last thing. Erin closed her eyes.
 
[Magical Innkeeper Level 43!]
 
Her eyes snapped open. That was two. Erin sat up, and screamed.
“Who was he!?”
And the answer…well, it was obvious by this point.
 
 
 
