7.26
Page 19
The Dragon was…more subdued. If he had been caught up in the energy, the thrill of being praised in his disguise as one of the foremost [Mages] in the world, he was—older now. The [Garden] had left its mark on him.
But it wasn’t a bitter sadness. Just nostalgic. Painful and glorious, like meeting Calruz. Now, the Dragon looked at Ryoka. And smiled. And she shivered because she meant something to the Dragon.
That was a kind of immortality. The young woman ducked her head.
“Thank you for coming after me. I didn’t ask about Ivolethe. Can—I meet her?”
“Of course. There are opportunities. The soonest comes in the middle of summer. You are running out of time. But ere the winter passes, you will have another chance. But you must make it. I can only tell you what might be.”
The Dragon kindly replied as he lay in the grass. Not sitting, or even politely laying like a corpse in a coffin. But stretching out, languorously rolling about. Silly in a half-Elven magus, but exactly like a Dragon might laze about a bed of flowers. Ryoka nodded, serious as she could be.
“I’ll do it. Whatever it takes. Just—please tell me.”
Teriarch sat up and shook grass out of his hair. Below the hill with Sage’s Grass, Mrsha was running about, playing tag with Erin and Apista.
“Before that. You have a debt to me, Ryoka Griffin. And I will remain a while, out of forbearance for your obligations. For a small time, in this form. It has been entertaining. But I require your attention.”
Ryoka’s heart began to pound. She owed him…? She took a deep breath.
“I—I’m not sure what that is. But anything you want, I’ll do. If I can.”
The Dragon nodded. His eyes narrowed at Ryoka and she felt a chill.
“In that case—this, I demand of you, Ryoka Griffin.”
He raised his hand and whispered a word. Something materialized out of the air and onto the grass. Ryoka blinked.
A laptop sat there. It was glowing, battery recharged by magic. The screen shimmered and Kevin’s stickers on it—showing pictures of him skateboarding, surfing, were copied down to the exact detail. Teriarch poked the screen.
“This.”
Ryoka wasn’t sure what she was seeing at first. It…looked…like a paused movie. Showing a farting Ogre bathing in swamp water. But that couldn’t be right. Ryoka felt at her neck.
Hm. Heartbeat’s fine. She checked her wrist, although that was more inaccurate. Because she was convinced she was having a stroke.
“Um…that’s a movie.”
“It’s offensive. Disgusting. What is that abomination?”
“That’s—an Ogre.”
Ryoka stared at the character on the screen. Teriarch wrinkled his nose.
“It’s hideous.”
“Well, you say that. But this is just the opening.”
“This is nothing like that other ‘movie’. That one had class. It captured the plight of Dwarves. It was elegant! This is—an abomination. That’s not even an Ogre.”
“Yeah, well—you’ve gotta watch the rest. He’s not that bad. He’s got layers.”
The Dragon stared incredulously at Ryoka. She weakly looked at him. She was definitely having a heart attack. And this was all just hallucination. The half-Elf avatar folded his arms.
“I insist you explain the thought that went into this.”
“Okay. Wait—you came all this way to ask me to commentate over it?”
“I will not watch this filth without an explanation.”
Teriarch looked at Ryoka. She looked at him. She had an urge to laugh completely at odds with his serious expression.
But look again. The old Dragon glanced at Ryoka’s face. Then at the frozen figure on the screen. his lips quirked.
“…I suppose there is something amusing about it. But I do require an…interpreter.”
