7.26
Page 35
The Gnoll ran back. And then again, growing more excited as Joseph made him go…well…a field’s length a way. A hundred meters. Or in American feet—pointless.
Because Joseph was from Spain, which used proper measurements. Joseph backed up. It was going to be a stupidly long kick. He had little faith in his abilities to make a controlled shot. But a wild one?
He did a run up and kicked the ball as hard as he could. To his surprise, it was almost on target.
Okay—it was off by about thirty degrees. Terrible for a pass. But the ball flew. Ishkr’s head craned and his mouth opened. He began to run, instinctively pursuing the ball.
Yet it was little Ekirra who ran. Howling in delight as the ball flew hundreds of feet into the air. And heads in Celum turned, wondering what strange bird that was. People heard the laughter, the delighted howl.
Logic. Spontaneity. As Joseph called for Ekirra to kick the ball back and the Gnoll tried to repeat his feat, he realized there was an audience.
“What is this? This isn’t baseball.”
A Drake spoke, almost accusatorially. A group of people from Celum—mostly young men—were gathered on the walls. Joseph waved at them.
“No, it’s not. This is football.”
“What’s that?”
The young man grinned.
“Come down and play!”
The people on the walls hesitated. They looked as the ball soared through the air and Ishkr performed the first header in the entire world, bouncing the ball at Joseph. The young man ran after it. And then more people hurried out the gates. And there was a team.
A game.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice felt her eyes bugging out after Contact. Two movies in a row were overtaxing her eyes, which were unused to the silver screen after so much time.
“Maybe a break?”
“But this one says ‘Star Wars’.”
The Dragon pointed at the screen. Ryoka burped; she was full of snacks. Numbtongue was gobbling food, having been revealed by Mrsha. The little Gnoll was lying on her back, stuffed.
“I think we can watch later, T—Eldavin. If you have time.”
“Certainly. Can I replay that scene from earlier? This is so fascinating. What is ‘Solitaire’?”
Erin just shook her head. Who was this guy? Why did Ryoka trust him so much? She stood up.
“Let’s go outside. Lyonette might be killing the others. And I need to pee. Numbtongue, can you pick up Mrsha?”
“I can—”
Ryoka stopped as Mrsha rolled into Numbtongue’s arms. The [Bard] smirked as he put her on his shoulder and marched down the hill. Ryoka followed, awkwardly wondering what to say to the Goblin. Why did Mrsha like him—?
The Wandering Inn was empty when Ryoka and Erin and Numbtongue entered it. The young woman looked around, frowning.
“Where’s everyone? In Celum?”
She spotted a baseball glove on a table and her eyes widened.
“Oh, no way! Lyonette got the others to play baseball!”
“You brought baseball here?”
Ryoka yelped. Erin beamed. She threw open the door to her inn.
“Yup! We even have a baseball field—huh?”
She pointed at the baseball field. It was just outside of Liscor. And it was…
Empty. Erin turned to Ryoka.
“But…baseball? Where’s everyone, then?”
The City Runner shrugged. She wasn’t psychic. But Mrsha’s ears heard something. She pointed and Numbtongue turned his head. He’d heard it too.
“Lots of people cheering. Magic door.”
He pointed. Erin and Ryoka looked at each other. They walked back inside, and heard the same sound at last.
The sounds of hundreds—thousands of people shouting. In the distance, a whistle being blown. The two exchanged a glance. They walked through the door. And for once—Erin Solstice and Ryoka were too late.
Because the game was already underway.
