7.26
Page 5
Relc and Embria from Celum, having helped secure the area. No Halfseekers, but they’d promised to come as soon as the magical door wasn’t so occupied. People coming from Liscor, asking to be teleported to Celum to look for their families—Celumites who’d been housed in Liscor since their homes were burned.
So much to do. So many faces. And Mrsha the Brave and Merciful was going to help. She would get Apista and they’d find Erin in Celum. She was busy trying to push Lyonette upstairs after breakfast.
“Mrsha! I’m fine, really. I need to wait for Erin.”
The [Princess] was yawning, smiling at Mrsha’ anxious entreaties that she should sleep. Drassi called out, helping Mrsha.
“You should rest, Lyonette. The Horns can get Erin.”
“Well…I suppose I have been up a while. But—is everyone settled? We’re going to be busy all day sending people to Celum…”
The [Princess] wavered. But sleep called to her. Ceria waved a hand as Pisces stumbled down the stairs.
“We’re good, Lyonette. You rest! We’ll drag Erin back.”
“I can do it.”
Palt announced, dining on some lettuce and spicy salad dressing for breakfast. Lyonette smiled.
“We’ll help too!”
Rose announced loudly. Joseph waved, now content with two shots of gin in him. Kevin nodded and Lyonette—winced. Growing less relaxed.
“I’m sure you will. Maybe I should stay up…?”
“We have this, Lyonette.”
Drassi firmly helped push Lyonette towards the stairs. The [Princess] looked down at Mrsha’s anxious face, and smiled.
“Oh—fine. Go look for Pawn too, will you? He’s been out all night with Yellow Splatters, helping build and dig…”
Mrsha rolled her eyes, but she nodded. Apista was flying out of the Garden of Sanctuary, and Lyonette was laughingly going upstairs.
At that moment, the door to the hallway opened. Mrsha, busy pushing Lyonette, heard a gasp and Lyonette stopped on the stairs. The white Gnoll caught a whiff of something and turned.
Erin? And someone…her eyes went round. She looked at the tall figure, the young woman with black hair coming through the doorway.
Ryoka Griffin saw the new inn as a blur of faces, color, for one moment. She stopped, dizzy and the familiar unfamiliarity of it all. Then she saw the white figure on the stairs.
“Mrsha?”
The City Runner froze. Erin, pushing Ryoka into the room, looked up. She saw Mrsha’s little head turn. Her brown eyes were wide as could be. Stunned. Shocked.
“Ryoka?”
Pisces dropped his toast. Ksmvr dove for it. Yvlon and Ceria just stared. Halrac, Revi, Typhenous—
Relc blinked a few times. Embria just scratched at her neck-spines, uncomprehending. Montressa’s head shot up with sudden interest. Drassi looked about, wondering what was so important. Palt blinked at Ryoka and then narrowed his eyes.
“Um. Hello, everyone.”
Ryoka looked about. She looked at Mrsha. The little Gnoll was just frozen there. Caught in another world, remembering all the times Ryoka had been with her. All the times she had been gone.
She had never even said goodbye to Mrsha. Ryoka’s eyes locked on the girl, and her stomach clenched. Joseph nearly did a spit-take on Rose, but gulped down his drink instead. Rose’s jaw dropped.
So many people, all of whom knew Ryoka. Whose stories intersected. At that moment, Garia Strongheart was jogging towards Celum from her farm. Octavia Cotton shouted as Lyonette’s blessing burned in her mind.
“I’ve done it! I did it at last!”
She ran around her shop, screaming in delight. And then—she opened the door to The Wandering Inn, ran down the hallways.
