7.26
Page 23
“Cool. City Runner? I always need people to deliver my stuff without getting robbed or killed. I’m a friend of the inn. And you are…Grand Magus Eldavin.”
“Correct. You are naked.”
The Dragon stared at Saliss. The Named Adventurer was impressed he didn’t stare down. It took force of will to even avoid glancing. Ryoka had already looked down three times before jerking her attention up.
“Naked is a way of life. I like to show everything. You’re a City Runner, Miss Ryoka? What class?”
“Oh—I uh—”
“No class?”
The Drake winked at Ryoka’s face. The City Runner blinked. Saliss laughed.
“Don’t worry. I’ve met people like you. There’s one in Zeres, actually. Important people. Interesting.”
“I uh—that’s—how do you—”
Ryoka gave up. She backed up. Put one hand over her mouth, went to see Mrsha.
Cautious. There was something there. Saliss smiled toothily as Eldavin held his ground. All you had to do was ask. Grimalkin didn’t get that. Just keep asking Erin who she was—not that Saliss cared. But this one? He leaned forwards.
“Psst. Who are you?”
And there he made his one mistake. The Named Adventurer looked in the Dragon’s eyes. And with a single question he tried to cut to the heart of the mystery.
But the Dragon looked back. And he was more than anything Saliss could have guessed at.
He was a soldier of a thousand armies, a general, a leader, a hero alone.
A poet, a scholar, a writer and bard who remembered works untold.
He had been a king, a ruler, a servant, a protector, and just himself and knew the value of each.
He was a Dragon. And Saliss had forgotten—when you looked at someone. They looked back. Saliss was just so good at being the Named Adventurer—even Erin didn’t know him.
People forgot how good a Dragon’s eyes were. Far better than any [Alchemist], or even a Skill.
The Dragon slew the [Alchemist] with a single question. He scrutinized Saliss, perplexed. And then leaned forwards and whispered.
“Why do you hide your true form, girl? Alchemy-wrought it may be, but it shines truer than your false skin.”
Saliss’ smile winked out. He stared at Teriarch, and the blood drained from his face. He looked around—but no one had heard. Yet the Dragon looked at him. And Saliss staggered backwards. Teriarch waited, calmly looking at him with ancient eyes.
He could not know how much his words hurt. How deeply they reached and shattered something deep in Saliss’ soul. Forever changing him. Unearthing her with a single question.
How much it wounded, how reassuring it was. Her true form. The words were spoken with such conviction that Onieva believed them. Like a light in her head that no self-doubt or lesser phrases could ever erase.
No one could know—but perhaps the Dragon. He, who had seen it all. Perhaps he did know. Or it might be ignorance. But something like understanding shone in his eyes. Lacking judgment.
“Why are you wearing an illusion?”
The two eyes stared at Saliss. And the Drake was left exposed. Before the burning gaze. It broke Saliss of Lights in half, when armies and monsters had not.
With words.
She walked away, weeping. And all those who looked at Saliss of Lights were struck silent. But that had been it. She hadn’t been a match.
No match for a Dragon at all.
Teriarch stood there, watching Saliss go. His face was conflicted, in the moments when Saliss walked away. Guilt, sadness—comprehension—the Dragon turned and walked backwards to the Garden. He had not lied to Ryoka.
He was a Dragon. And he changed the world just by being. Not always for better or worse. But changing nonetheless.
