7.27
Page 15
That was also true. Halrac nodded once as he maintained the enchanted bow. He experimentally checked the enchanted bowstring that Hedault had given him to replace the ancient string the bow had been given to him with. It felt good.
Solid. Revi grinned as she looked at Halrac.
“That meeting was something, right? I thought Hedault would kill the Horns. Especially Pisces.”
“Yep.”
Halrac was a poor conversationalist. Revi sighed.
“That part where he threw his equipment at Pisces’ head? I nearly died laughing. But he really liked Ksmvr.”
“Mhm.”
“And that part where he asked Ceria to marry him?”
Briganda snorted with laughter. Halrac paused. He looked up.
“…Do you want something, Revi?”
“What are we doing next, Halrac? We’ve got the money from Hedault coming in, but we’re not spending it or waiting for gear like the Horns.”
Hedault had been very patient. As well as generous. For a nominal fee, he’d be overseeing the conversion of treasure to coinage for both teams. As well as the Halfseekers. Amazingly patient, in fact; Halrac had expected him to murder the Horns of Hammerad. But they must have had one favor because they were actually in talks with him over replacing broken gear and even commissioning more.
Revi’s question reminded him that they had little business with Hedault—or Invrisil or Liscor for that matter. The [Scout] raised his head.
“I suppose it’s time to go. We’ll head through Invrisil’s door when the press slows. Tomorrow, maybe.”
“So we’re going to Riverfarm?”
Briganda looked up. She was feeding Cade lunch. The boy was very interested in a song being played from one corner of the room. He kept forgetting to eat the mushy bits of corn and grain.
“Cade, open your mouth. We could…stay awhile, Halrac. Right, Typhenous? Cade likes it here.”
“I wouldn’t object.”
The old man gave Halrac a knowing glance. And the [Scout] himself hesitated. He looked around the inn.
Pleasant indeed. So much so it would dull your senses. When The Wandering Inn wasn’t in uproar, it was like this.
In one corner of the room, Kevin sat with Numbtongue. He had successfully ingratiated himself into the Hobgoblin’s presence in two ways. Firstly, the spliff, which they were sharing. Second?
His computer was pulsing a soft song into the inn. Amid the quiet voices, the tiny stereo was playing. But the real music was coming from Numbtongue’s guitar. He was playing, copying the song after hearing it the fifth time.
Kevin was tapping the table with a ladle—matching the beat. Numbtongue missed a note, but he was faithfully copying the song. And the quiet singer’s voice added to the song. If no one else were here—you could imagine the Hobgoblin would have sung too.
Rose was tapping her foot to the beat as she listened. For a moment, Halrac listened. His eyes fixed on the [Bard]. And Numbtongue, a Redfang, noticed. He looked up and Halrac glanced away.
“It’s time to leave. We have work to do.”
He spoke reluctantly. But you could stay here too long. And they had already left, once. Briganda sighed.
“I really like it here. Right, Cade?”
“Yep.”
The little boy nodded. Halrac glanced at him.
“We’ll be back in time. We’re just going a short ways away from Invrisil. Not more than a week on the road, even with Cade. If he’s coming.”
“Riverfarm is safe, right? Anyways, we’ll be gone for a while if we take this [Emperor]’s offer. When are we going?”
“…Tomorrow.”
