7.27
Page 12
“Don’t worry, if we charge even a few coppers for a ticket at a game and have at least…say, at least twelve games per year, we are making good money, yes? Shall we work it over?”
“Lunch. We also need to account for [Healers]. Did you see that Garuda break her leg? And she was Gold-rank. Let’s do the numbers after we end our session, Silverfang.”
The [Shopkeeper] growled. Krshia nodded. It was another unlikely pairing, but if Elirr was good at being personal and Raekea could talk about mineral deposits all day—Lism and Krshia were both good at numbers and sales.
They were like the treasurers of the Council. Whereas Jeiss was their arm of the law and combat expert, along with Olesm. Alonna advised on magic and politics and handled [Messages]…
The two other Council members were largely useless.
“We will come back with a proposed budget. Now, I think—on to the third most important topic of the day, yes? Perhaps most of all?”
Krshia tapped the table and looked around meaningfully. The others looked up. Lism’s tail began to wag with sheer delight.
“Of course. Do you have the missive, nephew?”
Olesm produced the rather fancy letter that had arrived by [Messenger] just this morning. Not Runner; [Messenger]. As in, a class hired by a person or group for dedicated work, not a freelancer.
“I think we’ve all read it. But can you give us a proper rundown, Strategist Olesm? Tismel and Zalaiss may need briefing later.”
Alonna smiled at Olesm. The Drake sighed; mostly for the latter bit. But he nodded. There were a few places for him to put his maps and documents. He handed them around now. Copies of the letter, and a few strategic notes. Lism saw him point at the map.
Maps of Liscor and of Izril or even the world, were, of course, expensive. Not prohibitively, but the [Cartographers] really did sterling work with their illustrations. You could buy political maps, ones that showed where monsters were strongest, geographical overlays, magical ones…
Of course, nations and space shifted all the time, so no map was perfect. But this one was fairly up-to-date. Olesm pointed at Liscor; the valley and pass leading down through the High Passes was quite familiar to Lism.
“Here we are, Councilmembers. And here—is our new road. It’s nearing completion, despite the setbacks, and Master Builder Reikhle has only a few days to go. Of course, then there will be creating a short wall and shoring up the road…”
“I wonder if we can get our [Architect] to do that cheaper as well.”
Lism snorted. He didn’t exactly like Hexel for all the Lamia was friendly, and he was certain Hexel didn’t like him. Lism felt…sympathetic about what had happened, really. But how quickly did he turn from hating a Lizardman to thinking of him as ‘Liscor’s.’ Funny, that.
Olesm was tracing a careful route through the foothills, south of Liscor and around the Bloodfields, marked in red. And soon, the road would connect to…
Another road. The Council leaned forwards and saw the road network branching out from there. To the south, lay Izril.
Obviously, of course. It always had. But the southern route was only safe in the winter and fall. Liscor was more connected to the north than the south. Isolated from all in the spring.
That was how it always had been. But Lism was already dreaming of rope…bridges…that could be used in the spring. They had been isolated and that had always been their strength. Inter-city wars had never affected Liscor and their army could go abroad and make money while the city stayed safe—although they used to leave more than just the Watch behind.
