7.27
Page 27
“They do love parties. Especially those thrown in their honor. With particular rules. No iron of course, proper introductions and ceremonies observed…why, on a Summer Solstice, if the correct banquet was thrown, the Court of the Faerie King themselves might descend.”
He looked at Ryoka. And she inhaled. Her mind flashed to the same conclusion.
“A party?”
That was his idea? The Dragon nodded, pleased.
“Not just any party. Do not mistake me, Ryoka Griffin. If you were to bedeck this inn with all manner of delights and invite the fae in—this inn is curiously not made of iron except on the door—the fae would come. You would be assured of pixies, sprites, brownies, those damned satyrs—well, any number of fae that can cross worlds.”
Ryoka nodded. Satyrs were real? She resolved never to meet them. They sounded like assholes, even more than regular goats. The Dragon nodded.
“…You might even receive one of the high court. But it would be chance, you understand? And say you were to meet one of Ivolethe’s peers. It would avail you naught.”
“Couldn’t I ask…?”
“Of course. But this would be a celebration. You understand? They would be little inclined to heed you, and if they did—what of it? It would be one of the high court begging the Faerie King. Almost worthless.”
Ryoka nodded. She wanted the Dragon to get to the point, but he was enjoying this. His own cleverness on display.
“Ah, but you need the full court, or a majority of them. And you need formality. If you were to make a celebration worthy of them, a proper ball, with gifts and an abundance of food and entertainment such as they had not seen for millennia—then you would be guaranteed for most of the Summer Court to arrive. And they would owe you a boon.”
“So you’re saying—”
The Dragon’s voice rose.
“To do this—you would need the greatest celebration. Thousands of gold pieces, creating a proper stage. Entertainment! Food and drink such that even the fae would be satisfied! But more than that, the difficulty, Ryoka Griffin, would be permission.”
“From whom?”
The Dragon’s eyes darkened.
“The ruler of the land. Erin Solstice does not own her inn. Not in the way she needs to. You would need the permission of a true ruler, not this…city’s. A high noble. Perhaps Reinhart herself. I will not lie to you, Ryoka Griffin. To do this, you need funding, time, preparation. It may take you years. A decade. But I believe it can be done if you begin seeding the ground…”
He broke off as Ryoka slowly raised a hand.
“What?”
“I have an [Emperor].”
“Yes, yes, you have—wait. What did you say?”
The Dragon’s jaw opened and stayed there. Ryoka was breathing heavily.
“I have…an [Emperor]. And he owes me a favor. Is—is  that enough?”
Teriarch’s eyes bulged. He spluttered.
“A—what? In Izril? There are no—are you serious?”
“Yup. He’s an [Emperor]. From my world.”
“What? No one told me about—”
The Dragon’s strangled voice echoed in the Garden. Ryoka smiled, crazily.
“I can do it. I can get his permission. He has links to the fae. Is that enough?”
The Brass Dragon hesitated. Then he frowned.
“…From your world? Tell me about this [Emperor].”
“Well, he’s…”
Ryoka gave as quick a description of Laken Godart as she could. The Dragon listened, frowning. He didn’t care about Laken’s morality or decisions, or even the scope of his empire. He held up a claw.
“…There may be a problem.”
The young woman’s breath caught.
“What? He’s got authority over his land. Riverfarm ceded it to him.”
