7.27
Page 20
And felt the wind rising. It was localized—blowing a little Gnoll upwards. Mrsha slowly floated by one of the windows, a few feet off the ground as Bird froze. The Gnoll waved all four paws, laughing in silent delight as the patrons stared.
“No. Way.”
Rose breathed. The others flooded outside and saw Ryoka helping Mrsha to ‘fly’. Bird screamed.
“Me! Me! Meeeeee—”
He raced down the steps. And as fate would have it—a certain Flying Gnoll of Pallass had been there for breakfast. But he didn’t run outside.
Felkhr was lying on the floor of the inn. Passed out. Ryoka Griffin was soon attacked by both Antinium and Gnoll.
And in time—once she had realized she’d brought the theory of aerodynamics to this world and asked Erin to punch her—Ryoka Griffin sat in Lyonette’s room.
“Argh. I’m such an idiot.”
She sat in Lyonette’s room, holding her head in her hands. Even something fun for Mrsha—she should have done it in the Garden.
Lyonette du Marquin didn’t see the advent of aviation like Ryoka suddenly did. But Felkhr and Bird were already making parachutes and planning to jump off Liscor’s walls. What had she done?
Still…it was too late. Too late to take anything back. Like the sight of Lyonette smiling and teaching Pawn to play a game with string like Cat’s Cradle.
Just a glimpse. And nothing…lewd. But Ryoka was not Erin. She had seen the truth behind that moment. Lyonette sat across from her, nervous.
“Um. Ryoka?”
The City Runner looked up. She met Lyonette’s eyes. The [Princess]’ slaps still filled Ryoka’s memory. But now Lyonette just looked—terrified.
Afraid that Ryoka knew everything. Which of course, was true. But Ryoka didn’t hold a grudge. She just looked up.
“Erin doesn’t know.”
It wasn’t a question. Lyonette shook her head anyways.
“She doesn’t. Only a few people do—”
“Mrsha does. She’s not happy about it.”
Lyonette’s eyes flickered.
“But we were so careful—”
“She’s a smart girl.”
Silence. The mood was uncomfortable between the two. Ryoka had known Lyonette briefly, respected her—she still remembered the [Princess] trying to manage the inn and Erin’s thoughtlessness. She was sure Lyonette didn’t like her.
But perhaps it was time to try to mend bridges. Ryoka took a breath and Lyonette flinched.
“I’m not going to tell anyone.”
“Please don’t—”
The two stopped. Ryoka half-smiled.
“No judgment, Lyonette. I’m just curious. Uh—how? And maybe why. But no judgment, really.”
The [Princess] looked at her suspiciously. Doubting Ryoka’s motives. But Ryoka was—calm. Very confused, but this was the least she’d judge someone over. Perhaps the [Princess] saw that. Or—she had been dying to tell someone. So, heart pounding, she leaned over.
“The truth is…it was over months, alright? And…”
Ryoka Griffin leaned forwards. Listening, exclaiming. And as she had promised—not judging. Even laughing. Mrsha peeked through the door. Glowering. She wanted a scolding, not an ally for Lyonette! She sighed out of her nose and grumped off.
 
—-
 
On this quiet day, where small miracles and meetings still happened, day passed into evening into night. Mrsha the Great and Flying, Galina’s introduction to the Players of Liscor that sent Andel, Jasi, and Emme all hurrying through the magical doorway…
Small events. For, as the sun set behind the High Passes, he appeared.
No one saw him arriving. Not the [Guards] on watch, nor those from the inn. He walked up the hill to the inn, grumbling about feet, robes, a hero from wars no one remembered. A scholar of things lost to time. A leader of dead peoples.
A Dragon, of course.
