7.27
Page 13
But it had also made Liscor poor. Reliant on the army. Now, the road would connect.
“The letter we have received comes from Hectval, a small city closest to us. It is part of the Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem Alliance, a defensive pact between the cities and towns here.”
“Inspired name.”
Jeiss drawled. Lism laughed, but he waved for Olesm to go on. The little dot of a city, only visible on very detailed maps, was indeed close to the Bloodfields. And Liscor. Olesm coughed.
“You can see their standing forces and so on there. Public knowledge; I believe they have excellent fletchers. You can see their proximity to the hills here, which have an abundance of birdlife…I can get you more information if you’d like, Councilmembers. But they sent a [Messenger] yesterday.”
“Down our road.”
Lism growled. That almost upset him; he had hoped to send a trading caravan down the road first, as part of a ceremony. But the contents of the letter had been…excellent. Olesm nodded.
“It will be publicly used, Councilmember Lism. The road, that is. But Hectval sent a letter of, well, greetings. It is very formal.”
It was. The beginning of the letter had about four lines of introduction. But Lism could respect that. They had made an impression.
“I was actually told that the letter was exceptionally formal, and had a lot of nuance from Maviola—er—I think we should labor carefully over our reply, Councilmembers. To avoid seeming less than formal. The long and the short of it is that…Hectval would like our cities to exchange goods, ideas, visitors. They’re asking for a meeting.”
Lism beamed. He sat up and looked around. The rest of the Council seemed excited too. Krshia looked a bit confused.
“All this for a meeting? They could have just come and knocked on our gates, yes?”
“Silverfang, you are just a—an uneducated beast! There’s a proper way to do things! With elegance! Tact! Between Drake cities, this is how things are done.”
Lism cried out. He looked around importantly. He hadn’t ever actually been part of a delegation—he’d never even left Liscor. But he felt strongly that this was it.
“I think it’s clear. We should respond, as politely as possible, and agree to a meeting. At last, we’ll have another city to talk to! And this is just the first! More Drakes!”
He smirked at Krshia. The Gnoll sighed.
“Hopefully more tolerable than the ones here.”
“Silverfang…”
The two Councilmembers began to quarrel. Elirr sat back and Raekea helped get the back of his head with his comb.
“You’re making more of an effort to do your appearance, Elirr. You don’t even smell of cats.”
“I have to. I’m a Councilmember and a liaison with our [Architect]. Did the cologne work? Those damned pests dump it in the toilet.”
Olesm smiled. The Council was in high spirits, and Olesm went off to hire Joseph. And find Maviola; she had already began to vet a proper team. She was his acting-assistant. He could hire one. And why not?
The Drake gave that serious thought as Tismel and Zalaiss hurried in—just to hear the Council breaking for the day. He ran off before they could demand to know what had been said.
Olesm was feeling better than he had in months. Maviola was staying at his apartment. He’d had…well, relationships. But none that lasted long. None that felt like this.
He smiled. And the Council were doing big things. Important things. Actually doing things. Lism and Krshia were actually working together, rather than killing each other with knives.
