7.27
Page 0

Soccer. What a repugnant little word. Football, the sport of sports, was spreading across the world. You couldn’t put the Djinni back into the bottle.
And you couldn’t get a Dragon in a bottle in the first place. The point was that the world changed with a game of kick-the-ball. Because, as scholars had observed—the game was more than just a game. It mattered, it was fun, but it was also a vehicle for ideas. Possibilities.
The game changed the world in a fundamental way. And that had been yesterday.
 
—-
 
As the sun rose, King Raelt of Jecrass killed a half-Giant.
It was near the end of a battle with his forces and Reim’s armies. Both the King’s Steward and the half-Giant, Zamea, had left their forces to break the siege on Sadomere. The newly-reinforced city had withstood a full-scale assault by General Lael’s forces and the [General] had refused to retreat, despite the Skill-enhanced fortifications.
This was her chance. Kill the King of Destruction and Reim fell to pieces. Raelt couldn’t fault her for trying.
Orthenon and Zamea hadn’t left their armies undefended. But Raelt’s army had used the flicker-charge Skill, broken past their ranks of half-Giants, the Serpent Hunters, and began to inflict casualties on Reim’s forces.
Rather than risk losing even a quarter of their army’s elites, Reim’s forces had fallen back, ceding one of Belchan’s passes to Jecrass.
A small victory, but born only out of Orthenon and Zamea being absent. But the other victory—came later.
One of the half-Giants was unable to catch up with her peers. She floundered, roped by [Trick Riders], hemmed in by infantry. She scythed left and right with her shield and sword, giant instruments carried by the twenty-foot half-Giant. She had killed countless Jecrass’ warriors already.
But Reim’s forces were falling back. No rescue attempt would be mounted. Raelt would have preferred that.
One half-Giant. One, out of about twenty that Reim was fielding. Not a small thing at all. And yet—the woman put up her sword as she saw herself surrounded.
The half-Giant’s curled hair beneath her helm was wet with her blood. Arrows stuck out on her skin, failing to pierce deeply. But she was tired. Bleeding. She looked down as Raelt rode his horse forwards. She panted.
“I am defeated. Will you accept my surrender, King of Jecrass?”
She asked curiously, resigned. Just—asking. But both of them knew the answer. The King of Jecrass slowly shook his head.
“The King of Destruction will ransom you or set you free if we seek to hold you, Lady Giant. Nor can we keep you prisoner. You made your choice.”
He swallowed hard. The half-Giant looked around. She sighed. And then smiled. Her voice grew deeper and the Humans backed up as she lifted her sword and shield. Her voice boomed.
“Look up, then, little man. See how the tallfolk die.”
 
—-
 
It took her a long time to die. Raelt himself fought, pulling back his army rather than let the foot soldiers die by the hundreds. The half-Giantess absorbed spells, arrows—
He cut out her eyes, racing up one arm. She screamed, then. And he saw her stumbling around, flailing. Until she just stopped moving.
She asked for no quarter after that. And she fought to the death for the King of Destruction. Whom the Nomads of the Sky had sworn to fight under.
“One less.”
No one in Jecrass’ army smiled after the half-Giantess’ death. Her corpse just lay there. No glory, no magnificent death. Just a bitter end by numbers. Raelt counted.
