7.27
Page 26
The young woman said. But she remembered that night when Ivolethe had lost her and she had met the figures around the fire. Then—she had seen Ivolethe differently. Taller, rushing past her in the darkness as they chased…
The Dragon snorted at Ryoka.
“Her status is unmistakable, girl. Did you not think to question her power? Do you think a sprite could have frozen the air like that, wearing a false shell a world apart?”
Ryoka hadn’t. She blinked, remembering…Ivolethe hadn’t even seemed wise, though. Well—a few times. But she could be so petty. She ate bugs and demanded treats. She closed her eyes.
“She always seemed so—small. Selfish. Mischievous. Not like royalty.”
The Dragon rolled his eyes.
“And your image of fae nobility must be the truth. I see. The arrogance of mankind. You saw her, did you? What do you think I saw?”
He looked at her with a Dragon’s gaze. Ryoka felt her skin tingling.
“So she’s…important.”
“It makes your task harder. She will be under guard. Watched. And if you seek to meet her, you will need a gesture as important as her station and sin.”
Teriarch was frank. Ryoka’s heart beat faster.
“What do I do? Belavierr said she could help us meet…”
“A [Witch] could. Particularly a powerful one. But their ways are often mixed with old tradition. Sacrifice. I have no such power or rituals. I only have knowledge. Do not mistake me, Ryoka Griffin; I am not helpless. I have thought on this puzzle long and hard, and I have a solution. An elegant one.”
In his cave the Dragon exhaled a plume of flame. Ryoka leaned forwards.
“What must I do?”
The Brass Dragon’s voice was calm in the night.
“Firstly, know this: everything the fae do is born of rules. They delight in breaking them, but they respect rules more than anyone else. They have power. If you want to appease them, you must obey their rules. You know some—cold iron is their foe. Make no promises for words are binding. Also—time matters. The Winter Solstice and Summer Solstice are times of particular power in this world. When barriers grow thin.”
He fixed Ryoka with an eye. She whispered.
“The Summer Solstice?”
“Exactly. That is when the fae are allowed to come through in great number. In the winter of course, they have their duties. But both days are…celebrations. No, I take those words back. Moments of great import to the fae. It is then you must act.”
Now the Dragon raised a finger. And the air began to shimmer. Not with smoke this time; he used the medium of light. Faint, glowing forms flitted across the world. Vibrant shapes.
Fae. Ryoka reached out unconsciously, and the illusion broke on her fingers. Teriarch looked at Ryoka with sympathy.
“The Summer Solstice is your best bet. It is more of a celebration than winter. Winter—the ending of seasons is more somber. Hence, the Winter Court, for all their mischief. Summer on the other hand? A time of rebirth. Joy. Forgiveness.”
“I see. What happens on that day?”
“The fae will visit our world. They are still bound not to interfere, but the restriction is relaxed. They will appear, causing mischief and delight. And especially…where they are welcome.”
The view changed. Ryoka saw a party of people—Gnolls—sitting around a fire. Dancing figures appeared out of the darkness. She could almost see them, laughing, teasing.
“They came to Erin when she threw a party.”
Erin had told Ryoka about that. Where she had received the faerie flowers which were so valuable, even if it had been a prank. The Dragon nodded.
