7.27
Page 9
Jeva’s brow wrinkled. Joseph and Kevin both looked up. Jeva shook Ekirra at them by the scruff of his neck; the young Gnoll whined.
“Moooom—”
“I’m not angry Ekirra got the class. I want you to take responsibility!”
The Gnoll woman informed Joseph. He looked blankly at her.
“Responsibility? For the class?”
“Yes! Teach him how to level up. Otherwise it’s useless, isn’t it? Like being a—a—[Bartender] if you never work in the business! Or one of those little [Gossips]!”
Drassi, trotting past them out of the gates to work, gave Jeva a very hurt glance. The Gnoll woman ignored her as she thrust Ekirra at Joseph like a parcel. The Gnoll boy looked up hopefully; he had his little red ball that had started it all in his paws.
“We can pay. But I want Ekirra to level up. Can he get a job as a—one of your football people?”
“What, as a player?”
Jeva brightened up.
“Yes! Those others were telling me it’s a game. Can Ekirra learn to play? He’s young, but he got the class—he has potential. Doesn’t he? Does it pay well?”
Kevin and Joseph exchanged glances. In their world, the answer was obvious. Well, if you were female that was already a huge pay cut. But sports stars?
“Ye-es. But no one plays uh, soccer—damn it, Kevin—I mean, football around here. I could teach him—I’m not a big expert, but I guess around here—we don’t even have a team or anything. Let alone a field or proper balls!”
Joseph replied. Jeva looked at him, a bit mystified.
“Well, of course not. It’s new, isn’t it? But if it’s Terandrian or Balerosian or whatever—people like it. I just want you to teach Ekirra. Will you? What are your rates per day? We can’t afford a lot of silver…”
“Rates? I mean, I can, but like I said, there’s no game. It’s just for fun, Miss Jeva.”
Ekirra’s mother snorted.
“Hah! You’ll have your game and fields. Or haven’t you heard? That [Architect] Lamia—Hexel or whatever—is already smoothing out the Floodplains! He says he can do it in one day. And the Council is approving a team! They’re probably going to approach you. I saw Watch Captain Zevara running out to the inn just this morning, and Councilwoman Krshia!”
It had been for different reasons. But Joseph and Kevin’s mouths dropped.
“Really? A game? Joseph? They want him to manage?”
“And play. Didn’t they ask?”
“Something else happened.”
Joseph muttered. He looked around, head spinning.
“Why—why do they want me to play? I mean, it’s fun, but—”
“It’s fun, of course! I kicked the ball around with Ekirra when he came back. He wouldn’t go to sleep until he passed out from tiredness! Even my husband and I bought one of the big balls and played after work with some of the others in the neighborhood. I just wanted to make sure Ekirra got classes.”
That was it. It was fun. Joseph blinked. He saw Jeva smiling. What more reason did you need? In a world with so many monsters, a game like this? They had magic artifacts, like Cade’s Box of Wonders, but soccer was a magic of its own this world had never come up with.
Joseph began to smile. Jeva added after a moment.
“—Besides. We have to have you, Mister Joseph. On the team. The Council’s afraid that Esthelm or Celum will make you a better offer. Or Pallass. They’re all putting together their teams and they’ll have adventurers and such. But you’re the expert.”
The matter-of-fact statement made Kevin’s eyes go wide. Joseph felt weak at the knees.
“…Other teams?”
 
—-
 
It wasn’t a one-and-done type of thing. Soccer had come, and it was here to stay. Baseball now…baseball had an allure, but no one had made the step of deciding there should be games, teams.
