7.27
Page 29
“I told you it would not be easy. The fae will respect this if you can pull it off, Ryoka Griffin. And it will be a miracle indeed. Three nobles. Each of…Magnolia Reinhart’s rank. Perhaps a few lesser [Lords] or [Ladies] might do, but three is all but essential. They must know what you intend and welcome the fae by word. Along with the [Emperor].”
“I can’t…do it. Who fits that bill? Magnolia?”
“She might acquiesce. She too is not unkind.”
That was one. But who were the other two. Ryoka buried her head in her hands.
“The Summer Solstice is too soon!”
“There is always next year. You have much time. Three, Ryoka Griffin. Mark my words. I am sorry. But you asked.”
“I did. I did—oh god. What do I do?”
Ryoka forgot herself for a moment. She began to rock back and forth on the grass. How did she…? What would the world look like in a year’s time? But it was too soon.
Teriarch steadied her. His touch calmed Ryoka. Made her look up. The Dragon sat down, heavily.
“Three great nobles. A ball of magnificence. I have ideas as to the gifts. It can happen, Ryoka Griffin. But it does take a miracle. That is the kind of people you want to treat with. Do you have the will? Your friend lives.”
“I want to see her. She was my first true friend. She understood me. Completely. And she still liked me. She died for me, Teriarch.”
Ryoka whispered. Teriarch nodded.
“For friendship—move mountains. For friendship, challenge the will of the Faerie King. Do it, Ryoka Griffin. You are young. Dare it.”
Slowly, Ryoka’s head rose. She looked at him. The Dragon gently held her shoulder. Ryoka took a deep breath. And then another.
“I don’t have much time. I have to…what must I do?”
The Brass Dragon saw her will. So he sat awhile. And they talked. Daring the Faerie King’s wroth. Creating a miracle of a moment.
Three of the Great Houses of Izril. One waited for a Dragon’s reply. And another…
Had three weeks left to live.
Not enough time.
 
 
 
Author’s Note: About 2,400 words over my target. But this is a short chapter. Inconsequential? Hardly.
I hope you liked it. This is a bit gentler after the bombast of the last one, but small things matter. And it helps me recover enough to write another story! Maybe the side story? Or not. We shall see.
Liscor, Ryoka—these plots are hopping! For now, I leave you with some amazing art. There’s little choice this time: so much art is left to feature, but the topical art has to be shown.
Which is, pictures of the reunion between Ryoka and Erin by pkay, as well as Cortz! Cortz has also done a number of other relationships, like Jelaqua and Maughin, as well as pages from a comic about Az’kerash’ youth! And for our third artist, the Flying Gnoll of Pallass has been captured by Mg along with a number of other pictures! Give them thanks and consider donating to the Ko-Fi links!
 
https://ko-fi.com/peekay
https://ko-fi.com/henodus2
 
Ceria, Numbtongue and Cade, Grimalkin, the Hug, by pkay
                                                      
 
Archmage Chandler, Hugs, Laken and Durene, Maughin and Jelaqua, and Richard by Cortz
                                                                                                 
 
The Flying Gnoll, Hatred Fire, Cellists, Crelers, and Relc by Mg
                                                                    
 

