7.27
Page 1
One less. Statistically—one twentieth of the King of Destruction’s fighting force had died here. But he’d guard his other half-Giants more carefully.
“How pointless.”
Raelt muttered to himself. He’d won something, but it didn’t feel like a victory. It didn’t feel—like Jecrass was winning this war. The King of Destruction’s armies fought hot, leveling, retreating rather than losing their elites. Raelt had killed one.
And elsewhere? He raised his head and listened, dully. Sadomere—renamed as Drevish’s Madness—was no longer under siege.
 
—-
 
“[Spellcraft: Enhanced Scope]. [Featherweight].”
Grand Mage Esiela cast the spell on the axe. She was not alone. The linked spell of the other [Mages] of Parasol Stroll added to her power. They wove the magic into the axe. And The Grand Mage saw the half-Giant’s hand lift the axe.
“My thanks, Grand Mage.”
Esiela flinched. She looked up and saw Zamea’s burning gaze. The Grand Mage hesitated—but she was bound by blood magic. So she raised her hand and cast the second spell.
“Spellcraft—[Haste].”
The cost of the second spell nearly wiped out her reserves. But the half-Giantess’ eyes gleamed. She clenched one hand, opened it. And she was—faster. She turned, as Orthenon called the charge.
“Break their lines. First Shepherd!”
The First Shepherd of the Nomads of the sky, taller than her fallen kinswoman by ten feet towered across the battlefield. She had been ignoring the arrows raining down around her; the [Mages] were protected by a spell. But now Zamea put the helmet on her head. And her voice boomed.
“I come, Orthenon. Order your [Soldiers] back. I will not stop until the enemy breaks.”
“Parasol Stroll, backwards!”
The [Steward] pointed. The [Mages] retreated. In the distance, Esiela saw the King of Destruction’s forces sallying forth from the city. They hadn’t been broken by the much larger army of Jecrass besieging them. And now—reinforcements had arrived.
It was a silly battle. Esiela looked about. Proper, three-to-one odds against Reim’s forces. Even with reinforcements. But Drevish’ Madness was incredibly reinforced. Magical statues of Orthenon attracted arrow fire, and the inner city was designed to stymie any assault, favoring the defenders in any clash.
But sortieing against the army? Esiela was no [General], so she would never have advised this. But the [Steward] and the King of Destruction had fought countless wars. And this tactic—was something they could finally pull off.
The half-Giantess lifted her light axe and her steps quickened across the field. General Lael was turning her forces to account for her and Orthenon’s [Riders]. Zamea looked across the field of her enemies, unconcerned.
“This is a sad day. A glorious day. I have seen my kin, a small brother in Izril. And heard one of my people die. For both, I will fight until Chandrar’s sands are wet with blood.”
Esiela shivered. That was the kind of mad line that Chandrar’s warriors came out with. Zamea saw a flurry of [Fireballs] and a [Siege Fireball] being launched at her.
Gold-ranks. As well as Jecrass’ [Mages]. The half-Giant saw the spells coming—and dodged. She was fast.
[Haste]. Esiela felt sick. And not just because of the mana drain. She had cast it on Zamea. Normal [Haste] spells were far, far too weak to affect a half-Giant. But a Grand Mage studied spellcraft.
Lael’s forces weren’t prepared for that. But the King of Destruction’s forces pressed forwards, ramming into Jecrass’ infantry and the [King] began to cut a path with his elites.
