7.27
Page 7
“That was a great game. I can’t believe you can play it with magic. It changes everything. And I have a new class—look at this!”
Joseph was still smiling. He hadn’t been drinking either. Not that he hadn’t been tempted. His hand still shook to think about a nice, cool glass of…but he had a reason to not drink at the moment. And that purpose made everything different.
He stood outside, kicking the ball up and down. It wasn’t enchanted anymore, but Montressa had promised to work on it. She wasn’t here—or Beza. They were, at that moment, waiting for orders as Wistram had an inner war about how much of this was an Ullsinoi prank and how much they knew, or had.
The United Nations company was looking for a Courier through Luan and Ken. The Queen of Pop was thinking about [Messages] and Wistram as well. Laken was—well, Durene had to keep telling him what had happened, but he got the point. Football was a lot less interesting when you were blind.
They were all other stories. And while they might intersect upon Liscor—at the moment, Joseph kicked the ball up, then looked around.
“[Power Kick]!”
He turned and blasted the ball towards Liscor’s walls. The other Earthers grinned as Joseph kept speaking.
“I got it! As well as [Sure Footing] and—oh shit.”
The ball flew through the air. Very aerodynamic. And Joseph, already good at kicking the ball, hadn’t realized how powerful his Skill made his kick. The ball flew, and flew from the hill the inn stood on.
“Watch out!”
The [Watch] ducked as they saw the ball coming at them. It hit the wall—about eight feet from the battlements, and bounced off. Joseph breathed a sigh of relief as one of the Drakes hurled insults at him from the wall.
“Sorry! Did you see how far it went?”
“Dude. Your class is great. I thought about getting it, but y’know…I don’t play soccer.”
“Foot—”
Joseph exasperatedly trotted down the hill as Kevin followed him. Rose looked around.
“Don’t break a window, Joseph. I’m going to watch the plays. Galina says they’re really great.”
“Sure. Where are Leon and Troy?”
“Dunno. Watching the scrying orb?”
“Um. I’m going to stay here.”
Imani looked across the Floodplains and shuddered. The stretch between The Wandering Inn and the city was perfectly safe, but Kevin and Joseph waved at her as she edged back inside.
“So—[Kicker]. Why do you think you got that instead of [Player] or [Footballer] or…uh—something else?”
Kevin scratched his head. Joseph shrugged.
“Probably nothing else matches. Ryoka said classes are based off this world’s stuff. There’s no [Gamer] class.”
“Dude. I know. Leon and Troy wanted to get the class, but I told them it would probably only make them better at playing on my laptop. Did you know Ryoka deleted all the stuff? Even the one with—”
“I know. We shouldn’t have given it to her.”
Kevin smiled. He and Joseph went up and down the hills easily; they were in good shape. Erin thought of Kevin as ‘stoner guy’, and that was hurtful—partly true—but Joseph knew that Kevin was actually very athletic.
“It’s fine, man. Look where we are. We could be in the mansion getting attacked by assassins and with all those angry [Maids]. Anyways, I got my laptop. This inn is great. You have soccer, you kicked your habit—what’s getting rid of a few movies?”
“They’re gone.”
“Nah.”
Joseph looked up suddenly as Kevin winked.
“…No. She forgot to delete them?”
“No, she did…but I have an automatic backup drive. Remember, I used to work at that bike place? The manager made me do all the bookkeeping. That’s the store’s laptop, well, mine. But we used it for the store.”
“Hah!”
