7.27
Page 14
Olesm was happy for them, but he found that his life outside of work also mattered. He, Maviola, Selys, and Lyonette were all going to go to Invrisil to shop. Hawk too, which was fine, but Olesm had heard Selys shouting at him after the game so that might be in doubt.
And another city was coming to Liscor. Olesm sighed. He couldn’t wait. For once, the Drake thought it might be a glorious day.
 
—-
 
It was glorious. Below Olesm’s feet, an Antinium with azure colors spread her arms and smiled.
“Antinium walked in Celum. Did you see it, Klbkchhezeim?”
“Obviously, Xrn.”
She raised her staff and Klbkch raised one arm to block. Xrn, the Small Queen turned to him.
“So that is the power of Erin Solstice. I see it now. Your advice was right, Klbkch. Give her no vaults of treasure or overt aid. ‘Let Erin be Erin.’ And she brings joy to the Antinium.”
“However much that is worth.”
Xrn flicked the staff at Klbkch’s head. He leaned back.
“You are so lacking in…kindness, Klbkch.”
“I was not made for it.”
“I know. But you could learn. Never mind. Erin Solstice has also distracted Liscor and the other cities from pressing our Hive as strongly.”
“They are still making plans.”
“Yes. But the worth of the Antinium is not in a place. The Painted Antinium must join the other Hives. I will coordinate things here. Support Erin Solstice from the shadows if she needs it. How is the delegation coming?”
“…Well. I am ready to leave.”
“Good. Do you have the snacks? Or rather—are these enough?”
Klbkch and Xrn turned to the Workers busily loading sacks onto their backs. For transit to other Hives. The grand passage under the Bloodfields may have been discovered—but it could still be used. Carefully, of course; it was sure to be monitored. Klbkch eyed the huge pack bulging with its contents as it was loaded onto a single Worker’s back.
It was heavy. The kind of thing even the meanest [Sergeant] wouldn’t make a [Soldier] carry in war. But a Worker? The Antinium bore the load with ease. And carefully too.
Because the contents were all acid-flies. Packed in so heavily that there was probably, oh, at least a hundred pounds of flies.
Another basket had fresh Garry-bread, edible for Antinium. One more had cheese…and there were multiple packs of each. Xrn and Klbkch salivated for a second.
“…We may have enough snacks. But the Queens are voracious.”
“I will send more. Visit the Armored Antinium first. Or the Silent Antinium. Your discretion, Klbkchhezeim.”
“I will. Stay alive, Xrn.”
“And you.”
She lowered her staff and tapped his head. A blessing, then. Klbkch bowed. And then, without a word, he walked away. The Workers followed him as he left the Hive.
He had been just as brief with the Free Queen, for all the emotion in her. Xrn didn’t think he’d even said ‘goodbye’ to the other Workers. But there he went. Anand and some of the Painted Antinium were in his cohort. Anand was practically hopping with excitement because Klbkch had chosen him. Xrn smiled at his glee.
“Move out.”
Klbkch spoke briefly, and they walked off. He was truly bad at being kind. Perhaps—if he had been—he might have stopped at The Wandering Inn and met Ryoka Griffin. But Klbkch was a silly Antinium.
And he was on the move.
 
—-
 
In The Wandering Inn, Revi Cotton sat and looked around.
“Feels like we never left, right, Halrac?”
“The inn was literally rebuilt from the ground up, Revi.”
The [Veteran Scout] saw the [Summoner] scowl at him. Revi looked about.
“True, but the atmosphere is the same. That game of…football? It feels the same.”
