7.27
Page 5
“Erin, it’s a secret. Like—Ivolethe. Same level, you know. I think someone wants you. Do you want a bite, Mrsha?”
The City Runner took a spoon and offered Mrsha a nibble. The Gnoll hugged her and Ryoka smiled—then her face nearly went splut into the bowl of cereal as she ducked. Apista buzzed overhead. Ryoka stared up, wide-eyed.
“What the fuck is that?”
“Language. That’s Apista. Haven’t you met her?”
Ryoka felt Lyonette slap the back of her head; they were sitting at the same table. Mrsha punched Lyonette for hitting Ryoka. She was being mean again! Erin saw Joseph hurrying over.
“Erin. Is this okay to send to the King of Destruction?”
“Who?”
Erin hadn’t been paying attention. Nor did she really process the immediacy of sending the message to the King of Destruction, who was kicking the ball to Orthenon on the scrying orb. The [Steward] refused to kick the ball back.
Erin read blankly, half-listening to Joseph’s explanation. She was still focused on Teriarch and her new levels.
“Looks…like soccer rules.”
“Football. Do I send it? He’s the King of Destruction.”
“Who? Oh, yeah. Are you watching him? I’ve never watched, but Rufelt says he goes around declaring war. And wasn’t he Gazi’s boss?”
The [Innkeeper] looked around for confirmation. Lyonette and Ryoka gave her long looks.
“That is correct in everything, but—how can you be so wrong, Erin?”
Lyonette looked askance. Erin just shrugged. She scribbled something on the paper.
“Well, he’s a jerk. Here, send this to him. Why are you doing it anyways?”
She held it out to the Street Runner. Joseph hesitated.
“He asked for me. He’s live on the TV—scrying orb, Erin.”
“Oh. Really? Weird.”
The [Innkeeper] blinked. Then she went back to her morning porridge. After a few bites, and a sip of blue fruit juice, she woke up a bit more.
“…Joseph?”
“Yeah?”
“When you say he asked for you…um. You mean, you? And he’s actually there? That wasn’t, like, some formal message or you just talking about soccer to Esthelm?”
“No.”
“Uh oh. Well, it’s probably not going exactly to him—”
About six minutes later, the scrying orb watching Flos playing soccer with Orthenon was interrupted.
“[Message] from Liscor, your Majesty.”
The [King] read from it. Everyone in The Wandering Inn waited, with bated breath. Erin Solstice…slowly walked outdoors as Lyonette and Ryoka stared at her back. To stretch. It was just the morning, after all. Good time for a walk! Even with Rock Crabs about.
“Ah, I see! We can play this! How fascinating—and what’s this at the bottom? Dear…hah! Orthenon! Read this!”
Flos began to laugh. His eyes widened and he doubled over in guffaws. Orthenon read the paper. His brows twitched.
“Amusing.”
“Read it out loud! Mars! Mars, you must read this! And Teres!”
Two others came over. Mars read it out loud, slowly.
“Dear, King of Destruction. I hear you’re a big jerk. Your vassal, Gazi, is also a jerk. Go stuff your face and stop declaring war!”
She began to laugh. Flos staggered upright, looked around, and then began to howl with laughter.
The Wandering Inn was in waxworks. Lyonette turned dead-white. Only Mrsha was giggling. Oh, and Numbtongue. He was lying on the floor, laughing his brains out. Typhenous was smiling behind his beard—
But everyone else was quiet. Orthenon read the missive again.
“I don’t believe this came from ‘Joseph’, your Majesty. The writing style is different.”
“Some brave employee at the Mage’s Guild, perhaps. Or someone else?”
