7.27
Page 21
He was talking as he stopped outside the inn. The [Innkeeper] saw him. Sensed…his presence. She stared out a window and gasped. But for a moment, Teriarch, or Grand Mage Eldavin was grumpily speaking into the air. Holding a conversation only he could hear.
“I’m pursuing my own leisure, brat. Nothing has ‘come up’. This isn’t about those [Raiders] or whatever that event was. Pure coincidence. I have business with Ryoka Griffin.”
“Which is?”
Magnolia’s voice was clipped, intent. Teriarch sniffed.
“Nothing that need concern you, Reinhart.”
There was a pause at the other end. Magnolia chose her words with exquisite care.
“But you are…awake.”
“Yes. I had a small nap. That business with the Wyverns and such. I regret missing your messages.”
“Do you…think you’ll have time to visit? I should like to host you. My mansion at Invrisil; to discuss any number of issues.”
“And repair your carriage like some common [Enchanter]?”
The Dragon huffed. Magnolia winced.
“Not if you don’t wish to. Teriarch, it would be a delight…”
“I will consider it. I do have a number of small errands to pursue…yes, perhaps after this. But I have a meeting to attend.”
The Dragon smiled to himself. Magnolia’s voice broke in, worried—almost grand daughterly. She had been so happy to know he was awake.
“Teriarch, if you’d think about it, perhaps you could come with me to Oteslia.”
The old man paused. His eyes flickered. And he saw so many ways that would lead to the kind of disaster that Ryoka Griffin felt in regards towards the parachuting theory she’d just given to this world.
In many ways—they were alike, the two. He shifted the laptop he was carrying under one arm, a copy of Kevin’s. Minus the stickers; he’d peeled them off.
“I think not. I may call on you, Reinhart. But I am—putting in half-effort to my expeditions at the moment.”
“…What?”
“I must go. I will call upon you tomorrow, I think.”
The Dragon hurriedly ended the spell. He saw someone cautiously opening the door to her inn. Erin Solstice raised one hand.
“Um. Hi.”
“Good evening, Erin Solstice. I have come to meet with Ryoka Griffin. I trust my presence is acceptable?”
The Dragon’s voice was dignified. He drew himself up and Erin looked up. She nodded, slowly.
“She’s inside. Talking with Lyonette. But I think she’s been waiting for you.”
“I see. Thank you.”
The Dragon tried to sweep forwards, but Erin stood in the doorway. She hesitated as Teriarch eyed her.
“Is something the matter, Miss?”
“Um. Uh—can I ask you a question? You’re…important, right?”
Erin scuffed at the ground. Teriarch blinked a few times at her. Erin eyed him. There was no other explanation for it. Joseph had played soccer, but that had been his thing. This—this was due to Grand Mage Eldavin, she was certain.
“One could say so, yes. I am a Grand Mage.”
“Is that more important than an Archmage or something? Because…I leveled up when you visited. Twice.”
The Dragon froze. Erin thought she heard a curse—though his lips didn’t move. She frowned, then the Grand Magus smiled at her. It looked rather artificial.
“Ah. Unintended consequences. Miss Erin Solstice—it may be that I am quite important. But my time is over. If I have any bearing in your inn—no, let it only be a few moments of interaction. Nothing more. We will not meet again after this.”
He had said that last time. Erin didn’t believe him. She looked at him, cautiously.
There was a coin in her pocket. Made of mithril. Carrying a word that had nearly killed Pelt. She had not shown Ryoka. Or anyone else. The truth was too big. She hesitated, holding it.
“…What have I got in my pockets?”
