7.27
Page 6
Flos paused for a moment and his eyes twinkled. But his vassals kept a straight face as they remembered what Gazi had once told them. The King of Destruction chuckled as he straightened.
“I see. Well, Joseph or not—I shall take the words under consideration. Stuff my face indeed. Yes. Ah—Orthenon?”
“Yes, Sire?”
“Find me a map. Where’s Liscor again? I’ll add it to my list. Actually, move it to the top, Orthenon.”
The King of Destruction smiled. Every head slowly turned to Erin, peeking through the main door. She slowly closed the door.
“I’m joking, of course.”
Flos and Zamea both started laughing. Ryoka eyed the bowl of cereal. Mrsha looked up, bits of grains on her face. Ryoka slowly wiped Mrsha’s mouth with a handkerchief. About six minutes after that, Rufelt kicked the door open.
“Erin!”
He was too late to beat Watch Captain Zevara, Olesm, and half the Council who were all screaming Erin’s name. They knew who had really sent that last bit.
And that was just breakfast.
 
—–
 
In all seriousness, though. When the King of Destruction’s little game of football lost interest and the viewpoint changed away from Wistram—
It was still madness. Things did not calm down.
At least, for Joseph. For Erin Solstice, things went back to normal after Zevara screamed for twenty minutes. Which was a record, for her. It was just a little event in the eyes of the world.
And there were important things happening. Ryoka found Mrsha sitting on her shoulders. She stood up.
“Oh no. I have some strange white leech on my back! Oh well, I can’t get it off.”
Mrsha giggled. Ryoka sighed.
“I should go for a run. But stretches first! This way—”
She bent over to the right, raising one arm as if she were doing an actual stretch. Mrsha teetered, then grabbed Ryoka’s arm. Giggling. Ryoka went the other way.
“I wonder if I can touch my toes?”
She could. Mrsha flailed around desperately, only her legs gripping Ryoka’s neck and shoulders keeping her on Ryoka. She laughed, and Ryoka grinned.
Lyonette scowled from the side. But Ryoka and Mrsha had months to catch up on. And Ryoka was trying.
“What do you want to do, Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll looked up as Ryoka pried her from her head. Did she get Ryoka? The City Runner nodded.
“Until T—Eldavin gets here, I’m all yours. If you want to do something.”
Mrsha thought about it. Then, shyly, she went over and tugged on Ryoka’s hand. She wanted to go into the Garden and show Ryoka everything. The City Runner looked at Erin and Lyonette.
“Go on.”
Erin smiled. She nudged Lyonette. The [Princess] huffily nodded.
“Don’t be jealous.”
“I just don’t want her influencing Mrsha too much. She has bad habits. And she might run off again.”
Mrsha heard Lyonette’s whisper, quiet as it was. She looked back and then glomped onto Ryoka, tugging her forwards. Erin looked at Mrsha.
“But she loves Ryoka. Don’t be mad, Lyonette. See how happy Mrsha is today?”
“Still. After all she did. Running off and—”
Brunkr. But Lyonette didn’t say that part. She didn’t know what exactly had occurred, but she correctly blamed Ryoka, if for the wrong reasons.
Erin just smiled. Her friend was back. And—a bit better. After a second, Erin ran through the doorway.
“Wait for me! You have to see the stupid chocolate tree!”
Mrsha threw a bit of dirt at Erin. This was her special time! But Erin was just as happy to see Ryoka. It felt like she hadn’t known how much she had been missing Ryoka, either.
For once, the Crazy Human of Liscor had nothing she wanted to change about the world. But another crazy Human—or rather, an unlikely person was getting all the attention.
