7.27
Page 24
The Dragon wrinkled his perfect nose. And Mrsha raced into the Garden, as Erin looked around for popcorn. And yeast.
Numbtongue had already tactically hidden in the trees. This time the Dragon saw him. He strode towards the tree and Numbtongue looked down, warily.
Teriarch looked at Numbtongue. He could have said many things to the Hobgoblin in that brief moment. But he did not. He had spoken to this little Chieftain.
This was not the first Goblin he had ever met. He spoke one word as he looked past Numbtongue.
At Reiss.
“Ghosts.”
The Goblin Lord looked at Teriarch. He said one word to Numbtongue.
“Dragon.”
The two came over to the hill after a moment. Ryoka hesitated.
“I appreciate you coming here. Are we going to…”
“Afterwards. Let us enjoy this moment, Ryoka Griffin. A halfhearted bit of effort. And then we shall speak. After that—we shall not—er—our time may be more limited.”
The Dragon’s eyes twinkled as he caught himself. Ryoka Griffin half-smiled, but her heart began to beat faster. But for a moment—
 
—-
 
There they sat. Numbtongue ate yeasty popcorn as Mrsha’s jaw dropped open as lightsabers, blaster fire, and the force flickered across the screen. Teriarch had his own bowl. The largest, and Ryoka felt Erin leaning on her, laughing as Teriarch kept pausing the movie to ask questions.
“Just watch! It’s a movie! A movie!”
In some ways—it was a mimicry of life. Numbtongue and Teriarch experienced the death of Obi-Wan Kenobi differently, but strongly. Death was something everyone here had felt and the movie was much more…real than even child-Erin and Ryoka had known.
But the action was glorious. Even if it was silly at times. Everyone cheered at the end, although Teriarch was a bit miffed.
“But the cost! That was a battle-moon. They should have invaded it, secured it, rather than destroy it! What happened next?”
“There are two more movies. And the prequels.”
“We don’t mention those.”
Ryoka nudged Erin. She stuck her tongue out at the City Runner.
“They’re good! Aw, Kevin doesn’t have them. Who wants to watch the next one? Who has to get more snacks?”
It ended up being Ryoka. She got up as the second movie began to play and she only missed the opening text scrawl.
And it was a glorious night. If only you could linger there, moment by moment…at some point, Ryoka caught herself looking around. Feeling each second lingering.
An [Immortal Moment]. Teriarch met her eyes and they looked at Erin, and Mrsha laughed and Numbtongue sat forwards, watching intently. Erin Solstice laughed and looked up and they grinned in that moment.
But even that was not forever.
Over too soon. Soon, Mrsha was dozing in Numbtongue’s arms, dreaming of Ewoks and giant traps. The others were a bit frazzled by bingeing three movies in a row. Erin was blinking.
“How much popcorn did I eat? Did we have dinner? I don’t feel good.”
“It’s late. Maybe Mrsha should be in her bed.”
It was indeed late. Later than good little Gnolls should be up, or even bad ones. Numbtongue lifted Mrsha.
“I’ll take her.”
It was perhaps the first thing he’d ever said to Ryoka. But she nodded and the [Bard] left the garden with Mrsha. That left Erin. She rolled down the hill. Teriarch and Ryoka heard her voice.
“Oh no, oh no, I’m rolling, stop me, ow, ow, I’m gonnathrowup—”
She lay at the bottom on the hill. Then began to crawl towards the door.
“I’m gonna go lie down, okay?”
That was 100% Erin. Then, Teriarch and Ryoka stood there. The Dragon slowly closed the laptop and it vanished as he waved a hand.
“Entertaining. The things mortals come up with.”
