7.27
Page 23
“Yeah. I have important things here. People. Is there a good way?”
Erin Solstice asked, knowing the answer. And the Dragon knew that she knew. Out of courtesy, another sudden connection, he replied. Honestly.
“No. Safety? Safety is an illusion. Tomorrow, the High Passes could explode and the seas boil into fire and cataclysm stalk the earth.”
The young woman shivered. When the Grand Magus spoke, it was like he could see these things. Had seen them. She bowed her head, crushed by that terrible truth. In any world, normality could be destroyed in a moment. Erin had learned that long ago.
Then the Dragon went on. And Erin’s head rose. For his voice was very kind.
“If you would crave anything, do not crave safety. Look towards the courage to walk through adversity. That is more valuable than any illusion. Treasure the moments you have, child.”
He raised his hand, gesturing to the inn. There it stood. Erin looked up, following his gaze. It was still being built. But there it rose.
What a beautiful thing. She smiled.
“I get it. Be prepared for anything. Rebuild if everything gets destroyed. Again and again. Even if the sky falls down. But…that’s so much work.”
The Dragon looked at her, surprised. He blinked as Erin gave him a knowing look. Then he started laughing.
In his cave, the Brass Dragon laughed until he rolled over on his side. With the kind of humor he hadn’t felt in centuries. And the Grand Mage laughed too. Erin chuckled and then joined in. They laughed for a while. When he straightened, the old half-Elf put a hand on Erin’s shoulder.
Contact. He looked into her eyes with his mismatched ones.
“It is, isn’t it?”
That was all they said. Teriarch entered the inn as Erin held open the door. But those little moments changed everything.
“Ryoka! You have a guest!”
The young woman shouted. Ryoka Griffin came down the stairs. Her eyes widened.
Teriarch was busy observing a scrying orb. The King of Destruction was still playing soccer—that, and baseball. He was taken with the idea of hitting the ball. Laughing.
The orb was also repeating the battle—slaughter—really. Teriarch’s eyes narrowed as Ryoka hurried over. He pointed at the King of Destruction, affronted by the [King]’s rampage as he laughed.
“Who is that impudent little man?”
Every head turned towards Teriarch. Ceria’s jaw fell open a bit.
“The…King of Destruction?”
“Who?”
Eldavin’s voice was very blank. His eyes fluttered and then he snapped his fingers.
“Oh, that one. I thought his kingdom fell apart and he died.”
“No. He was asleep. He came back last year. He’s…going to war again.”
The others exchanged a glance. What hole in the ground had the Grand Magus been in? But it all fit. The half-Elf scowled.
“How tiresome. What a bloody little [Conqueror]. His lot are the kind who slew Giants and made war in any era. Strange to see the descendants of the tall aiding him.”
He dismissed Flos with a shake of his head. The others looked at Eldavin’s back as Ryoka motioned to the Garden. Teriarch’s voice was instantly inaudible as the two bent their heads together. Erin and Mrsha followed through the door. Pisces snuck after them and smacked into the invisible barrier, despite being [Invisible] himself.
“Are you…here to watch another movie?”
“Hm. As time allows. You must explain this to me. It looks like these mortals are in space. But surely that is impossible. Elves and Gnomes were the only idiotic creatures willing to go up there. But Humans?”
“It’s fiction. And we have been to space. I told you, remember?”
“Ah. Yes.”
