7.27
Page 25
That was all he said. He sat there, smiling. The ghosts of the Jedi had pleased him more than anything else. Yoda…well, the similarities were there. Almost like stories, movies, had shards of truth in them.
For a while, Ryoka looked up at the stars in the sky filtering through the dome. It was peaceful here. No annoying little bugs. Just the wind, the night…
A perfect place. The Dragon remembered sitting here, on this very hill, as a Harpy girl—no, a woman now, looked up and confessed all her worries as her grand empire struggled.
He blinked. And there was Ryoka Griffin. The Dragon sighed.
It was time. He spoke, wearily.
“Ryoka Griffin. We have one part of our bargain left unfulfilled. And time…well, time is neither your enemy nor friend. But it must be done, for we have a pact. Let us speak now of your greatest wish. To meet your friend. The faerie, Ivolethe.”
By his side, the young woman stiffened. She turned to face him and the Dragon’s head moved slowly, fixing her with a piercing gaze.
“Yes. I thought it was time too. You…told me there is a way. Can you help me?”
“I did not promise that. I will not place myself against other immortals, even in a contest of wills. Before I speak of what may be—let me tell you that what you ask is dangerous, Ryoka Griffin. Fae are old as Dragons. Perhaps—older. Certainly, some of them are older than I. They danced in a time when Gods still lived. To strive for anything, much less tempt their wrath…you understand what this means?”
“I do. But Ivolethe is my friend. I…want to see her again. To apologize. To…it’s worth the risk to me.”
Her eyes were steady. The Dragon nodded once, forebode other comment. It was her will.
“Very well then. In that case, I will give you the knowledge you seek. Firstly, know this: the fae have a compact with our world. They enter it with the winter, to bring snow. They are bound by a promise as old as time. But they manifest as Winter Sprites and are forbidden from interacting with the world in…noticeable ways. Pranks their King allows. No more.”
Ryoka nodded. Teriarch went on.
“I do not understand all the ways of their kind. But I understand that your friend violated their rules in the grandest of ways. To save your life—that is the most egregious of sins. The Faerie King may forgive lesser slights, even laugh at pranks. But this? No. Your friend was punished.”
“To never see me again. That was what…Laken said.”
The Dragon nodded.
“A bitter thing, for an immortal. It symbolizes the wrath of the Faerie King. And the difficulty you must surmount.”
Again, the young woman nodded. Steeling herself. The Dragon stroked at his beard.
“…If it were less than that, you could make gifts. Persuade the fae to intercede on your behalf. But I fear this is no small matter. The issue of your friend’s station is also a problem. She is of the highest of the fae. One of the King’s own court.”
“Tuatha?”
Ryoka blinked. She had no idea if that was accurate. But the fae were in all legends. Still—she had guessed Ivolethe was more than she seemed. Teriarch just shrugged.
“I do not know all their names. Yes, from your world, perhaps. The point is that she is close to royalty as any of the fae. She is of the Winter Court—or the Summer Court as they change. The Faerie King’s wrath will be far worse with her than any other.”
The King of the Fae. Oberon. If you believed Shakespeare. Ryoka shivered. That was a creature truly from myth and legend. Even more than Teriarch. He had roots in her world.
“…I didn’t know Ivolethe was so important.”
