7.27
Page 3
“I forget my strength. What is the term? Pass the ball, yes. Orthenon! My Steward, your timing is impeccable. Zamea, my condolences on the loss of your kin. Shali, was it?”
His grin faded for a moment as Zamea rested on her axe. Blood still covered Flos’ beard, although he’d removed his armor. Mars of course was wearing her illusion. But as the [Steward] came forwards, Flos smiled.
“It was something to see, wasn’t it? Such a lively game! Let’s play one—match? One set?”
“If your Majesty wills it.”
“I do. And you shall play, Orthenon. By the way, do you like the city?”
Orthenon glanced up at the battle-worn statues of his face, some of them looking exceptionally stupid or exaggerating his features, like his nose. One was just of him mooning the enemy. He grimaced.
“Your Majesty, my enjoyment of Drevish’s posthumous work is matched only by my anticipation of this…‘game’.”
“That’s the spirit! Let’s make two teams. Hello! I understand people are watching?”
The King of Destruction strode up towards the camera. The Wistram [Mage] enlisted to cast the scrying spell flinched.
“Y-yes, your Majesty?”
“Excellent. I’m rather fascinated by this game. If these…players from Liscor are watching, you have my thanks for the entertainment! So novel. If any would like to visit Reim—well, perhaps after the war ends, eh?”
The King of Destruction’s eyes glittered as he smiled widely. He laughed and the entire viewpoint shook as he slapped the [Mage] on the shoulder and sent them sprawling.
“Truly interesting. Teres! Where’s that ball? If they would like to give me any tips on how this game is played, I would appreciate that too. Can you arrange that?”
“Your—your Majesty? I uh—”
About that time, the frozen audience in The Wandering Inn saw a Street Runner edge into the room.
“[Message] for Mister Joseph? First-priority from the Mage’s Guild. The—the King of Destruction has a question.”
And the legend entered the inn.
 
—-
 
It was a thing Human beings were bad at. Understanding how…worldwide mediums worked.
Like the super-information highway of Earth, or television in both worlds, or just…phone calls, there was some part of humanity (and other species) that couldn’t process the scope of such technology.
‘When I say something online, or on television, people see it.’ That was easy. But how about a thousand people? A million. The Human mind couldn’t process the scope of that many people.
Let alone the consequences, or what might happen if you became the center of attention, even for a second. It made the abstract real, but you couldn’t know how that felt, really felt, until it happened.
Joseph carefully pinched himself in the inn.
“Ow.”
He looked around. Then, felt a pinch.
“Ow! What the—”
He saw Rose pull back her hand. She looked mystified at him. Then Mrsha pinched Joseph’s ear and ran away to safety—Moore—when Joseph swore.
The half-Giant was still staring at Zamea. A familiar stranger. He absently patted Mrsha’s head as she stuck out her tongue at Joseph. He looked around.
“What do I do? That’s the King of Destruction, right?”
“Um. Yes?”
Ceria Springwalker squeaked. She looked into the scrying orb. It was on a delay, so only now did the King of Destruction begin calling for a [Message] spell to be sent to Joseph.
“The King of Destruction just sent you a [Message].”
Pisces blinked a few times at Joseph. He was a smart person. Well, Pisces thought of himself as a smart person. He still couldn’t quite fathom it.
“I uh—he’s asking how the game is played, how to kick…what do I do? That’s the tyrant-guy, right? Do I say nothing?”
