7.27
Page 10
Competition. Because baseball had only ever appeared in Celum and Liscor. But the advent of the Wistram television had changed more things. In a bigly way.
Lism rubbed his claws together in the Council’s meeting room.
“Those Human bastards—er, I mean, Celum and Esthelm have already decided they’re going to make teams. And Celum’s not even rebuilt yet. Pallass wants in, and some of the other northern cities.”
The rest of the Council was nodding. They sat around—Krshia opposite Lism. She spoke, checking her notes, a challenge in her voice.
“That will not take long, yes? Magnolia Reinhart’s aide has come to the city. She has promised gold, supplies, to rebuild. Thanked us.”
She indicated the pink letter. Lism sneered at it.
“After causing all that trouble with the Antinium? Bah. Did she offer to repay us for our help?”
“Yes, actually.”
The Drake had taken a sip of tea. He coughed, pounding his chest. Krshia smirked at him.
“And while it may take time, Celum will be rebuilt. In the meantime, the ‘Human bastards’ are in our city, Lism. So I think it is good that we treat them as citizens, yes? Many have useful talents. Or will we throw them out?”
He hesitated. And modulated his tone after a second.
“Of course not. I was just saying—those sneaking bastards in a general sense, Silverfang.”
She gave him a toothy smile and he bared his own sharp teeth. The rest of the Council listened, used to the bickering. Elirr was combing his fur; it was a casual Council that had gotten to know each other after so long. Lism just wished the old Gnoll wouldn’t shed on the carpet.
“Naturally. But the influx is good and bad, yes? People grumble. But Hexel is building, and he will have the soccer pitch done with soon. So—we will have teams.”
“Compete with other cities. In baseball too. Yes, I can see it now. An excellent idea.”
Lism smiled, folding his claws over his stomach. He heard a cough from the left.
“Lism. I don’t see why it’s that useful. It’s fun, but is this a priority for the Council? Surely, the other news is more important…”
Alonna looked blank. Jeiss woke up; he’d had a late night patrolling, and looked around guiltily. Raekea frowned, fingering a patch of soot on her fur.
The other two Council members were, conspicuously, absent. They had ‘accidentally’ not been notified of the meeting. Again. They’d arrive eventually. And it was…convivial, without them.
Even with Silverfang opposite him, Lism felt—content. He actually smiled at Krshia. She understood.
“Alonna, these games may be pointless, but think of it. We have a market for the equipment. We have people who will pay for the pleasure of viewing. And when other cities compete? We get visitors, their money, sales from the events—we can charge entry fees!”
“Tickets. It is an established thing. Very profitable, yes?”
Krshia nodded. The two [Shopkeepers] were in sync. Alonna blinked, and then she caught on.
“…Right! And if Wistram wants to watch—Ancestors, the King of Destruction was playing just this morning.”
“And nearly declared war on us thanks to that damned—one of our Humans. Miss Erin Solstice.”
Lism caught himself quicker this time. Krshia sniffed.
“But Erin will allow instant visitation to our city for all the trouble she causes, yes? And we already have an entry fee for Liscor. If we put one on Celum, and Pallass, even if it is only coppers…”
The two [Shopkeepers] grinned in avarice and Alonna shuddered at the sight. Krshia and Lism, working together. What nightmares might emerge from that?
“Elirr, you’ve been quiet today. What do you think? Jeiss? Raekea?”
