7.27
Page 4
“Are you crazy? That’s the King of Destruction. You don’t piss him off. Tell him! Write down the rules of the game!”
Rose exclaimed. The other Earthers began to buzz, arguing—looking around for something to write the rules down on, and a map of a football field. The non-Earthers just stared.
The King of Destruction. Gazi the Omniscient had been here, but him? Yet—this was just a backdrop to today.
Soccer had come to this world. Again—this was mainly Erin’s fault since she’d shouted ‘soccer’, rather than ‘football’ into the scrying orb.
Joseph wasn’t happy about that. But he was at the center of attention and began to mechanically write the rules down. Number of players, a field this large…it was actually hard to describe a game to someone who had no reference for it at all. So many little rules.
“Am I dreaming? Pinch me, Ksmvr. No—just surprise me.”
Ceria muttered. She slapped her cheeks. She’d met Gazi, of course, but—she felt a pinch on her pointed ears and yelped.
Ksmvr hadn’t pinched her after all. He’d gently nibbled on one ear.
“Should I consume your ear? I feel like that is not appropriate surprise, Captain.”
“No. I’m awake. Wow. This is—wow.”
The half-Elf just had to sit back. She looked around. And everyone else who had seen the events on the scrying orb were just as stunned.
“Halrac. Don’t pinch me. This is insane! It was just a game of football! And that mad [King] is playing it?”
Revi nodded to Halrac. The [Scout] was just silent. His face was tense, drawn. He couldn’t believe it either. But he was taking it seriously.
Typhenous on the other hand? The old man looked delighted as he worked on something on the table.
“My dear Revi, you underestimate the—commonalities between royalty and we common folk. Everyone enjoys simple things in life. I think rather than worry, you should enjoy the moment—and take advantage of what you can! There. Excuse me, I think this is quite appropriate.”
He eyed the finished product. Revi did too as Typhenous got up. He slid a square of cardboard, the surface, white, in front of Joseph.
“Excuse me, Joseph, is it?”
“What? Yeah. Hey, here are the rules. Do I—do I send it back?”
“I can take it back, sir. No charge. All paid for. Is that your reply?”
The Street Runner Drake held out his claws. Joseph looked around, white-faced. Then he stared down at the sheet of cardboard. Paper glued onto thin wood, really.
Well—it was very clean. And an image of a football—a proper one, with white and black spots—was hand-illustrated onto one corner. Well, close to a proper ball. Typhenous had made them literally spots.
“Your signature, Mister Joseph. Just in the center. I’d appreciate it if you could make it as fancy as possible. I have three more—”
“Uh. Sure. Why?”
The old [Mage] didn’t reply until Joseph signed all three.
“Just memorabilia, sir. Planning against the future. They may appreciate in value.”
He winked at Joseph as he tucked them into his robes. The old [Mage] certainly had a practical eye towards everything. Joseph just looked at the hastily-scribbled reply to the King of Destruction.
“What do I do?”
No one had an answer. So—Joseph looked around, desperately. It was the next morning, and he shouted one word. A name.
“Erin?”
The young woman was sitting at a table with Ryoka. Mrsha had already crept over to sit on Ryoka’s lap. She sniffed at a bowl of half-eaten cereal. Ryoka glanced up, but Erin kept talking.
“—and I leveled! Twice! You have to tell me. Come on. Is he really a super-[Mage]? Can he enchant my ovens? Why do you trust him?”
