7.27
Page 2
Zamea charged. Her footsteps were like a fast-beating drum—then a relentless hammering. The horse, spread out and prepared to dodge and encircle her, saw the half-Giantess running at them.
Too fast. She caught them as they galloped, and her axe swung. Esiela looked away.
Carnage. This was taking a titan of the battlefield and making her more deadly. Jecrass’ army broke in the next five minutes as Zamea and Orthenon tore the forces apart.
 
—-
 
“General Lael! We can’t outrun the Giantess!”
The [General] had already seen. She looked around, desperately.
“Call the retreat! Send the chariots in! Use ropes—slow her down!”
The [Rider] gulped.
“Nerrhavia’s chariots are already retreating, General!”
“What? I didn’t signal for—”
Lael turned. She saw Nerrhavian ‘mercenaries’ pulling back. The Silk Stitchfolk weren’t going to stay around and die. She already had problems holding them back from charging whenever they felt like. She cursed.
“Send the adventurers—”
“They’ve already left!”
Medain’s forces were also fleeing. Adventurers. Lael looked around.
“Safeguard the [Archers]. Fall back! [Trick Riders], forwards! Warden Emile’s van will hold the line and then retreat!”
Her army rippled. Jecrass’ soldiers held the line, as the King of Destruction’s forces and the reinforcements took them to pieces. They died—rather than the reinforcements from abroad. That was how it had happened the last two battles. Lael had a terrible taste in her mouth as she watched Nerrhavia’s [Charioteers] forming up at a safe distance, banging war gongs and sounding horns to provoke Reim’s forces into chasing them.
This wasn’t their war. Jecrass was bleeding against Reim with half-hearted support. They could have won, if the other forces had held. If they brought down Zamea—
“The Steward is charging!”
“Fall back!”
Lael spurred her horse and they fled. She cursed. They had been so close. They had been so close to taking the King of Destruction’s…
She lowered her head. She didn’t see a victory in this war. Not without something changing. You couldn’t bleed Reim. They were all war-maniacs, like Zamea, still chasing the [Riders] and cutting them to bits. She looked back once, to catch sight of that monster. She could swear she heard the King of Destruction laughing.
 
—-
 
Another easy victory. Well—hard-won by [Soldiers], life-and-death. But when Reim concentrated their power, it wasn’t even funny. Let alone entertaining—the Wistram broadcast barely mentioned the battle, except to dully note the figures. Plucky Jecrass holding the line against all odds, and all that.
What did get attention was what came after. The scrying orb flickered into view. No Noass or Sir Relz to commentate for a moment. The image spoke for itself.
“So, is this how the game is played? Magnificent. How fun!”
The King of Destruction was playing soccer. Football. Whatever. He kicked the ball across the ground, a bit awkwardly, but copying the motions he’d seen on screen. And he was physically adept enough to kick it across the field.
“Yes, your Majesty. Do you fancy a game?”
Mars was laughing. Today, she looked dusky-skinned, her voice purring along with her curled hair. She kicked the ball back and the King of Destruction stopped it with one foot.
It was not the severed head of an enemy. Those didn’t bounce. Rather, the leather ball was quickly-made, enchanted. Flos frowned, then looked ahead.
“Teres! Catch!”
He kicked the ball. The audience watched the ball soar high into the air—way past Teres, standing a hundred feet away. She went chasing. Flos grimaced.
