7.27
Page 11
The other three started. Elirr checked his comb.
“I agree. It is all coming together at the right time. And Hexel—he is most suited to help. He’s already making use of our Antinium yes?”
The Lamia was very flexible, as, perhaps, a Lizardfolk could be. The Council nodded, even the Drakes.
“I have to admit—he’s quite cheap. Given our initial down payment. I like this idea. Can we get him to—to smooth out more of the Floodplains? Space for multiple games, perhaps.”
Lism muttered. Elirr scratched at his head.
“It should not be a problem. Hexel, he says the trouble comes in the spring, when the rains erode such things, especially if they are flat. But that is what drainage is for—I will ask him.”
He had appointed himself the liaison to working with Hexel. The Council had agreed; Elirr was very friendly, not a Drake, and the logical choice. Raekea on the other hand raised one paw.
“I have no objections either. However, I’d like to move along the conversation. I have to meet with the Dwarf later today.”
“Oh. Yes. Are you busy?”
The Council instantly sat up. Lism’s eyes met Krshia’s. She looked at him.
“I hope you will say nothing of damned Dwarves when he meets with us, Lism. If he meets with us.”
“I’m tactful!”
The Drake blushed. She was going to pay for that comment. However…true it may be. He checked his tongue. Raekea, oblivious, muttered as she scratched at her fur.
“I am waiting for Olesm’s reports. We get most of our ore from Esthelm. Cheaply. And the Dwarf, Master Pelt, he is interested.”
“Pallass won’t be happy. They’ve warned us twice—”
“Pallass can eat my tail. If that [Smith] wants to move, let him! Anything you need, Raekea! We’ll even…give him his own forge! As big as he wants!”
“And pay for it.”
Jeiss coughed into one claw. Lism looked at him.
“We don’t need to—”
The [Guardsman] looked at Lism.
“Lism, if we could get mastercrafted blades in our city, no matter how troublesome this Dwarf supposedly is—Zevara would build the smithy herself. So would I. I vote to authorize Raekea to offer Pelt…”
The Council debated. They put it to a quick vote, obviously with two in absentia—they didn’t matter—and it was 6-0. Even Lism saw the point, although he put limits on how much they were going to give Pelt.
But then they were on to the next point of business. By the time Olesm caught up with reports of exactly how much ore of different types they’d imported or had their [Miners] collect in the last year, the Council was going back to the games.
“We didn’t approach the Human? We can’t let him go to Celum!”
“No fear. I think Joseph is with Erin. And we can prevail on her. I’ll put a word in later.”
Olesm reassured his uncle. Lism relaxed.
“Good, good. I hear Pallass saw the broadcast. Hah! As if they even played one game! They’re apparently putting Garudas on a team with Oldbloods. Talking about a ‘practice game’ in one week. Say, what about a game for young people as well as adults? Send a [Message] back about that!”
The others nodded cheerfully. And it went without saying that Liscor had to win, in any practice game or what-have-you. Civic pride, the Drake and Gnollish desire to win and chase the ball—it was all part of this game.
“Put the Human in charge of making the team. Send all the applicants to him. Oh—and I suppose we need to pay him. Let’s work that out as well as charging these…‘tickets’, did you say, Silverfang?”
Lism sighed. The Gnoll nodded. She produced an abacus and counted on it.
“Hrm. I think we can fit in a good salary. For our players as well. And budget for team clothing yes?”
“Argh. The expenses!”
