7.28
Page 2
But Erin was shocked. Even outraged. And that went double for Embria. Relc was embarrassed, looking around for pants that were missing when needed most.
“Hey. Uh—I told you I should have gone out the window. Stuff like this happens all the time.”
The City Runner looked at him. And then she looked around. At the judgment. Shock, turning to outrage. She thought of the ways she might react. Run away, deny…
Instead, she started laughing. The young Human woman clutched at her bare stomach as she chuckled. And then just laughed. For surely Ivolethe would have been laughing too. The others started as Ryoka laughed. And Relc laughed too. They leaned on each other, laughing, as the shouting started. Let someone else be angry or ashamed.
But it looked like it was going to be an interesting day.
 
—-
 
Honestly, it made sense with Mrsha. She regarded Lyonette as her mother. And it was rightfully earned, by love. Ryoka—their relationship was different. But Ryoka was a guardian, if a faulty one.
Her jealousy and sense of betrayal made sense, even if it was a bit childish. Embria—well—Relc had watched her stalk off in a huff. But she was an adult.
What didn’t make sense was Erin. Later, Ryoka sat a table across from the [Innkeeper]. And of all the people with a stake in this, she seemed to be the most…indignant.
“I can’t believe it.”
“Erin…”
“Why? Why?”
“Hey, what can I say? No one can resist the Relc—”
Ryoka and Erin looked at the Drake. He hesitated, and then shuffled off to another table.
“I’m gonna sit here.”
The [Innkeeper] stared at him, and then at Ryoka, bug-eyed.
“You two.”
The City Runner did not blush. She met Erin’s eyes. A bit uncomfortably.
“Yes.”
“Last night.”
“…Unless you think we’ve done this multiple times, yes.”
“Have you?”
“No! Erin, why is it a big deal?”
The young woman just kept staring. It was starting to weird Ryoka out.
“You. And Relc. You two…”
Slept together. Erin mouthed the words. She didn’t even say it outright, as if it was a curse. Ryoka Griffin did blush then. Mainly because Erin was making it weird.
“Yes! Alright! It was one time. What is the problem?”
“Everything! How? Why? When—no, wait. Don’t answer…Ryoka!”
Ryoka grabbed at her hair. She had indeed slept with Relc Grasstongue, the burly Drake whistling and ignoring Mrsha, who was punching one leg. His scars were still fresh. And he looked—well, down and up.
Down from the bad hand he’d been dealt yesterday. An ambush, finding out The Golden Triangle was a big scam—and up for one reason alone.
Ryoka had helped with that. Sex, in other words. Bumping uglies, uh…she ran out of metaphors, but there were a lot. Had it been sudden? Yes. Was it a mistake? Well, now…a day later she was overthinking it—and Erin wasn’t helping.
“I just—it was spur-of-the-moment, okay? I felt bad for him—”
“So it was pity you-know-what?”
The Drake [Guardsman] drooped. But not by much. Ryoka shook her head at once.
“No! I mean, a bit of it was but—look, Erin! Have you looked at Relc? He’s pretty built!”
Erin blushed. She stared at Relc, who was preening since he was listening in. Ryoka turned red herself. She looked at Erin.
Yes, it had happened. She hadn’t been expecting to make a big thing out of it, but here they were. Ryoka sat back, feeling at her ears. She was sure her entire face was hot. She took a few breaths as Mrsha began to attack Relc’s tail. She grappled it—and he lifted her off the tail.
Strong muscles. Ryoka knew that. She turned to Erin, and saw the [Innkeeper] was no less embarrassed.
