7.28
Page 21
“Oh, that one? Don’t read anything by that Drake. According to…everyone, he’s really biased.”
The Hobgoblin knew that. The Drake kept touting how the Walled Cities had been all over the continent. But where were they now? It was still good reading.
“What’s up?”
As always, the [Bard] was sparing with words. Was that ironic or indicative of his class? Erin shrugged.
“Just…thinking. I want to help Ryoka. She’s off on an adventure. I feel like I should do something too, y’know?”
She pounded a fist into a palm. Life was good right now. Her rate-of-catastrophes was way down, and that was great. But Ryoka had lit a spark in her.
Numbtongue just shrugged. He hadn’t known Ryoka before this and she had been very leery of him at first. He had warmed to her, but she seemed like a Headscratcher-type. Always wondering over things and fretting. That was partly a compliment. And she knew a Dragon.
But the [Bard] was good at keeping secrets. He sat back and shooed away Reiss as Erin kept talking.
“I just want to do something new. Maybe…maybe I should sell more stuff.”
“I can enchant items. How long will you make me stay here?”
“Shh. Like what?”
Erin Solstice frowned. She lowered her voice since Numbtongue seemed to think that was important.
“I dunno. Maybe…maybe my fire? Saliss and Xif both want it. So maybe it’s useful?”
“Hm. Fire any good?”
Numbtongue stared at Reiss as Erin thought. The Goblin Lord gave him a glare. Numbtongue didn’t want Reiss in his head. Both the ghost and Erin shrugged.
“Well, let’s see. I have angry, invisible fire. Glory fire…and depressing fire. Um. Um. I made one thing out of the depressing fire.”
Numbtongue nodded appreciatively. Free cold air in his rooms. He kept his lantern faced away and fed it with a bit of fuel and it cooled everything down. Erin had even worked up a little system with one of her stoves; she could now freeze water into blocks of ice if she put a bucket in the stove and left it there for an hour.
“Magical fire is good.”
“Yeah. But it makes people sad. I can’t—use that in other stuff, right? Imagine me selling that to adventurers? Get a Depressing Fire Lantern for cheap! Feel bad about killing monsters and the hopelessness of life while you try not to step onto a trap! Also, free cold air!”
The Hobgoblin chuckled. He could think of a few good uses for that lantern. Shine it on an annoying team of Gold-ranks while they were hunting you and they might just curl into a ball and give up. But it wasn’t marketable since Goblins didn’t have much money, he agreed.
“What else? Why magical things?”
Erin was trying to call her happy fire. But that was the hardest fire to conjure because it was so pure. She broke off, looked up.
“Oh. It’s for Ryoka’s middle-of-the-summer party. The Solstice thing, you know? On my birthday. I think. My parents said it was a sign. Since y’know, my last name? But I’m not sure it lines up exactly. There are more months. Time is weird here.”
The year was longer than in her world. Numbtongue nodded. He vaguely wondered if he could find some gold and have Pyrite shape it into something for Erin. Mrsha had been easy.
“So why magical things?”
“Oh, it’s for the fae. Frost faeries? Winter Sprites?”
The Hobgoblin shrugged once more. He saw them now and then—vague balls of lights bringing snow. They never bothered Goblins.
“Yeah. Yeah. They like magical stuff. I could do magical food…but it’s such a pain.”
Numbtongue’s ears perked up. Of course, he knew about the magical food. But Erin had run out of scale soup and her other rather noxious foods and hadn’t made more.
