7.28
Page 20
The Street Runner raced off. And the cooks of the city abandoned their posts to be the first to steal—er—uncover the secrets of this new dish. After all—what else were you going to do? Let Erin Solstice be the only one to cook it? Nonsense.
The hot food was satisfying. And it made Mrsha happy. She wished she could have eaten it with Ryoka. The City Runner had promised. But then Relc had been attacked and no one had been that hungry. Today though, she licked her bowl until Lyonette scolded her that a ‘lady’ didn’t do that.
Which meant ladies didn’t get the delicious eggy juices and bits of rice on the bottom of their bowl. Horrible. Mrsha was unrepentant. And as orders flooded into the kitchen for the new dish and Erin taught Lyonette and Palt taught Ishkr and Drassi how to prepare the dish—The Wandering Inn was back to normal.
“Hey, you! I know you! You’re one of the [Chefs] who steals my food!”
Erin spotted a Drake wearing a hat and thick clothing trying to hide in a corner of the inn. The Drake jumped to his feet and she chased him with a spatula.
“Out! Out! This is my dish! At least give me one day to make a profit, you jerks!”
She chased away other notable [Cooks] she’d seen before. But Erin knew they’d just get someone else to buy the dish for them. She sighed. But she was smiling.
“Hm. Tastes like Dullahan cooking a bit. They trade with the archipelagos.”
Jelaqua wasn’t blown away by the food—mainly because it was from home. It was nostalgic, not new. She still wanted to share it with Maughin. But Seborn was all over the dish.
“Finally, some good food.”
The Drowned Man grumbled. Moore sighed; he had to wait until there was enough rice and ingredients to make a big bowl for him.
And the day continued. Ryoka Griffin was gone, but Erin Solstice remained. She felt wistful as she paused in throwing bits of dirt at the fleeing [Cooks]. She looked around.
“I guess I’d better help out too.”
Ryoka Griffin had a quest. A big one. Throw the biggest party the world had ever seen—for the fae. She had told Erin about it. Not all the details. Or why that Grand Magus knew so much. Well—he was a [Mage]. But she had asked, begged Erin for help.
The problem was that Erin didn’t know how. She was touched that Ryoka had asked for help for the first time. But how was Erin supposed to find a noble [Lady]? She’d volunteered Lyonette at once, but apparently Terandrian [Princesses] were only frosting on the cake. Ryoka needed the real nobility.
“Does Ilvriss count? Uh…Pryde?”
Erin thought. She didn’t know. But she did know that Ryoka would need money. Cool things for her party. She had a location in mind.
Riverfarm. Apparently someone else from Earth was there…Erin wondered if the door would go that far. Ryoka had said it was still out of range. Either way, though. Erin would be there when Ryoka needed help.
“So that means money. Cool ideas. Like—like pool. Do faeries play pool? Chess?”
Erin wasn’t good at throwing parties. At least—other people’s parties. She was good at her thing. The young woman sat on the hill as a Hobgoblin exited the extra-large outhouse designed for Moore-sized guests. He liked the space.
Numbtongue had been borrowing one of the books that Pawn kept bringing Lyonette. He closed the book as he saw Erin sitting on the grass. The inn was bustling. This was a rare moment.
“Hey.”
The Hobgoblin sat down. Erin looked up and smiled.
“Numbtongue, hey, how’s the book going?”
The Rise and Continued Success of the Walled Cities, by Krsysl Wordsmith. The Hobgoblin showed Erin the book. She made a face.
