7.28
Page 17
Yvlon did not. Neither did Ksmvr. Halrac folded his arms, which could have meant anything. But everyone else raised a hand. Everyone stared at Typhenous’ raised hand. Ryoka’s eyebrows raised. The old man had game.
“I knew it. I’m not weird, Erin.”
Ryoka muttered to herself, neglecting the fact that she’d just asked both teams about it. And Termin—he’d been waving his hand so as not to be left out. She sighed, leaning back.
“What’s this in aid of, Ryoka? Everyone has sex. Right, Yvlon? Right?”
Ceria nudged Yvlon. The [Armsmistress] folded her arms and glowered.
“Stop that, Ceria. My life is private. What I do or don’t do is my business.”
Halrac nodded, giving Yvlon an approving look. Ryoka just sighed.
“I just didn’t know how much people here—er—well, I was talking with Erin. She—objected—to me doing things.”
“Oh, you mean having sex with Relc?”
Revi spoke as Briganda clapped her hands over her son’s ears. Everyone else in the wagon stared at Ryoka. The City Runner turned red. The [Summoner] on the other hand just rolled her eyes and took one out of her eye sockets to adjust the fit.
“I don’t know why you Humans are so prudish. Sorry, Ceria, Ksmvr. But it’s natural. I have sex at least twelve times a year. Once per month, or I get grumpy. At minimum.”
“Revi! There are children here!”
Halrac growled at her. The Stitch-girl raised her hands.
“Pardon me for being honest, Halrac. Humans get so worked up about it. I get half-Elves. They have sex like, once every decade.”
“Er…half-Elven villages get weird. But it’s natural. Right? Yvlon?”
“Stop nudging me.”
“It is a biological function. One should not judge others based on the need to seek comfort. Erin is…somewhat strict in her views, I gather.”
Pisces coughed, looking a bit embarrassed himself. Ksmvr waved a hand helpfully and everyone looked at him.
“I do not have genitalia for reproduction. So I do not have sex. Thank you.”
He sat back down, his contribution to the conversation over. Typhenous was laughing into his beard.
“It’s private. It doesn’t matter.”
Halrac’s voice sounded like the end of it. Briganda nudged Ryoka, winking.
“Good on you getting the Drakes, though. Don’t mess with the same species, I say. Experiment! Plus—you can get pregnant in the same lane. Not that I don’t love my boy, but I’m careful not to get another!”
She laughed and Cade laughed too, not understanding what was being said. Ryoka bowed her head. After a moment of silence where she regretted her stupid mouth, Ksmvr turned to Ceria.
“Captain Ceria, as perhaps the foremost expert on intercourse in the wagon, can you tell us what marital life is like? Or have you not been married yet?”
For the second time Halrac spat his drink onto Typhenous. Ceria turned beet red.
“What? I’m not married, Ksmvr!”
The Antinium gave her a very blank look.
“You are not? Are you not engaged to—aha. You are engaged to Master Hedault, your fiancé. I apologize; the nuance was lost on me.”
Ksmvr’s team stared at him as the [Skirmisher] sat back, satisfied. Revi’s eyes slowly went round. She sat back as Typhenous, Halrac, and Briganda stared at her.
“What? I—no! Dead gods! I never—he doesn’t even like us, I’m pretty sure! Who gave you that idea?”
Ceria spluttered. The half-Elf was red to her pointed ear tips. Pisces was starting to laugh into his robes and Ceria tried to kick him over the side of the wagon. Ksmvr looked very concerned.
“I heard it being said at some point. Were you not aware of Captain Jelaqua congratulating you on your upcoming nuptials?”
“Oh tree rot. She can’t—how did—Ksmvr?”
