7.28
Page 16
Both teams were headed away from Invrisil. The Horns—who would go on foot at the crossroads—and Griffon Hunt. Cade was sitting on Briganda’s knee, a new addition to the party. Briganda waved at Ryoka. The City Runner looked around.
“I can’t stay long.”
The words hurt her. But they all knew it. And the adventurers had parted before. They smiled.
“We did not have a chance to speak. But perhaps we shall call on you in our travels north.”
Pisces commented as he shaved bits of cheese off a block to feed to Ksmvr and himself. The Antinium nodded, happily.
“I do not really know you, Miss Ryoka Griffin. But I am told you are a good Runner with an objectionable personality at times. Hello. I am Ksmvr. We have met, though.”
Ceria turned red. Ryoka just laughed again. She sat there, for a moment.
“It’s all true, Ksmvr. But I’m trying to change. Listen—if you need a delivery, or a message delivered—probably go to a Courier or Mage’s Guild first. But if you need me, give me a shout.”
They all laughed at that. Even Halrac. Revi chortled as she sat on the front of the wagon.
“We’re all friends of The Wandering Inn, I guess. Sure. We’ll look you up. It’s going to be boring in Halrac’s old village, anyways.”
Ryoka glanced at her, but she hadn’t heard where Griffon Hunt was headed. Typhenous just stroked his beard.
“We shall remember it, Miss Griffin. And we will meet again.”
“Definitely.”
That was all they said. The adventurers and City Runner sat in the wagon, sharing an early lunch. Ryoka saw Cade staring up at her. She tried to smile—and Briganda threw an arm around her shoulders.
“We’ve never met! But I’m pleased to meet you! C’mere! Cade likes hugs.”
She was friendly. Also—a bit intoxicated. Briganda apparently drank to cure motion-sickness. It was her logic. And Ryoka settled back, ready to get back to work.
She’d visit the [Seamstress] in Reizmelt. No time here; although she had been tempted to ask Delanay. He seemed like a fellow who would know how to get quality tailoring done.
But…The Wandering Inn had been a peaceful, needed interlude. Magical and wonderful. And she had to leave. The adventurers understood that, too. If Ryoka was fine with being old and fat, she would have stayed there forever. But she needed…to see Ivolethe again.
The knowledge burned in Ryoka’s chest. But that was her goal, not the journey. For now, she just sat. And after a while—her conversation from this morning began to eat at her head. She coughed, and in a lull in the conversation as the Horns asked Griffon Hunt where the best villages to stop were—she spoke causally into the silence.
“So…this might be an odd question. But who here has had uh—carnal relations this year?”
Griffon Hunt had been having a drink of water—Briganda, beer. Halrac sprayed his drink onto Typhenous’ back. Ryoka saw Ceria inhale her packed lunch from Erin and began to choke.
Cade just looked blank. He laughed at the expression on the other’s faces. Ryoka turned beet red.
“Uh—sorry. I just had a conversation with Erin. So it’s been on my mind…”
The others relaxed. Oh, Erin. It all made perfect sense when you just said her name. ‘Hey, does anyone have a wart on their knee? I need to know because—Erin.’ It was the perfect excuse.
“Well—if anyone’s asking…yes. Why?”
Ceria slowly put up her hand. Ryoka hadn’t asked for a census—well—she had, and she saw the other adventurers putting up their hands.
