7.28
Page 18
The half-Elf turned white. She looked at the [Skirmisher]. Slowly, he shrank into his shell.
“I heard that Master Hedault proposed to Ceria. I have taken the liberty of informing everyone of the engagement.”
Pisces began choking on his snack. Ryoka started laughing. Griffon Hunt slowly looked around at Revi. Briganda coughed into one hand as Cade played with his box on her lap. The others studiously pretended this was news to them.
Ceria Springwalker got up on the wagon.
“Turn this wagon around! Send a [Message]! Tell them—”
But they were gone. And in time, the Horns left the wagon. Teasing the bride-to-be until she started throwing snow at them. The City Runner ran north, as the wagon turned west, heading towards an [Emperor]’s lands.
It was time to go back to work.
 
—-
 
After Ryoka left, Mrsha cried for about ten minutes straight. Not for hours or hours; she got tired. But enough.
It was still better than waking up and knowing that Ryoka had left without a word. Mrsha had cried every night because of that. This time—it was only for ten minutes.
She would come back. She had promised Mrsha that. And the proof was hidden under Mrsha’s pillow. So—the little Gnoll wiped her nose on Rose’s pants and felt better.
“Ew.”
Rose looked at the snotty Gnoll’s leavings. But Erin Solstice herself was teary. She wiped her eyes and bent down as Lyonette just sighed.
“I miss them too. But you’re being very brave, Mrsha.”
The [Druid] nodded. She was a big, brave girl. Erin Solstice smiled.
“I think we need a treat. What say you we have Ryoka’s special dish?”
Calling it that was a bit of a misnomer. Rather, it was Ryoka’s new dish that she’d insisted on adding to Erin’s list of recipes. Mainly after Erin had presented her with all the fast food she’d imported from Earth and Ryoka had seen the advent of grease and heart attacks and balked.
She lifted Mrsha up and carried her into the kitchen. Erin called out.
“Hey Palt! Can you give me a hand with Ryoka’s bibimbap dish?”
The Centaur looked up. So did a number of people. Erin was very casual about it as she laid out the neatly-chopped veggies; some of the saffron rice that Palt liked to make, and organized it into a bowl.
Well—Palt organized it. Erin wasn’t precise enough. And arrangement mattered.
“But we’re just gonna stir it up anyways. That’s the point.”
The [Innkeeper] complained as she fried some eggs to be put over the top of the bowl. Palt sighed as he heated up the bowls with a spell.
“Erin, presentation is half of the meal. Food is art.”
“Yeah, well, I like chess.”
Erin grumbled. The vegetables needed to be sautéed, and Palt was doing complicated seasoning. She admitted it; she wasn’t a [Chef]. She could cook and derived some pleasure from it, but she didn’t have the patience of Lasica or Palt. Actually, Erin had been doing a lot less cooking of late. Lyonette, Palt, and Garry all took turns helping her out and since they could pre-make a lot of food…
Well, the bowl did look pretty when Palt was done. Colorful—the veggies were on top of the rice. Ryoka had agonized over the ingredients, but this was a versatile dish. You could improvise—and she had.
“Let’s see. Fresh beef. Raw—is that okay? Ryoka said it was okay. There might be parasites, though…”
“Not in my food. And no good [Rancher] will give you infected beef.”
Palt snorted. Erin stared at a bit of paste.
“Hot, fermented peppery paste from my guy. I mean, my Gnoll guy. Um. Add less in my bowl. Thanks. Sliced carrots, bell peppers, spinach…onions…”
