7.28
Page 15
Zenna interjected and Ieka blinked. She blushed, hiding it behind her fan. She had been imagining what Ryoka would look like in a dress. Ieka’s previous favorite maid was…no longer working for her.
But the mention of the job snapped Ieka back to reality. She scrutinized Ryoka.
“The Wind Runner of Reizmelt? Yes…Zenna mentioned you could command the winds. But I’m afraid my request is for a Courier-class, Miss Griffin. I would hate for you to risk your life…unnecessarily. By all means, I shall remember your name. But…”
She looked helplessly at Zenna. Ryoka Griffin took that moment to take a knee. In doing so, she drew closer to the couch.
Ieka’s bodyguards stirred, but Ieka waved them to silence. She covered the lower half of her face as Ryoka looked up at her. The City Runner’s voice was low, urgent.
“Lady Ieka, I do crave a boon. I’m not interested in gold so much as—a favor. There is an event on the Summer Solstice I would crave your attendance at. It is—an odd request, I know. But for this, I would risk my life. I can talk to the winds. I have survived the High Passes three times. Even if I haven’t gone far in. Let me listen to the request—and then decide.”
Imarris blinked at Ryoka. She took her in more fully.
“Hm.”
To buy time, she closed the fan and tapped it to her lips. The young woman was earnest. And the favor…intriguing. More than that, she was interesting. Ieka didn’t know, though.
Her request this time was to make contact with…a dangerous person. Not hostile; but dangerous. She had been in seclusion for months and unless roused, might well spend another year or two in her hiding place on her island. But waking an Archmage was dangerous. And Ieka would not wish to see Ryoka’s guts adorning the ground like the last three she’d sent—including one Courier.
Nevertheless—she had a soft spot for brave young women. So Ieka sat back on her couch.
“Tell me more, Miss Griffin. Zenna, do offer them a seat…”
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin convinced Lady Imarris. It took some doing, but the [Lady] had given Ryoka a shot, despite her reservations. That was all that needed to be said.
Delanay had also been a piece of work. He had saluted Ryoka, promising to call in his little favor if they met again. And they would. City Runners always did.
But Ryoka Griffin ran down the road. Leaving Invrisil behind. She was busy. This was the first request…of many. Waking an Archmage from her seclusion. Well—it had to be easier than a Dragon, right?
“I’m going to have to go further north than ever. Take a damn carriage or something to cut down on travel time. Fierre might know…damn, damn, damn…”
Time was an issue. But even so, Ryoka Griffin slowed as she saw a wagon rolling north. For at least a little while—she could say goodbye to them.
“Ryoka! You didn’t show up, so we started moving.”
“No problem. Sorry I’m late. I had to take a big request.”
“Anything we can help with?”
Ceria pulled Ryoka up into the wagon. Yvlon asked as she took Ryoka’s hand in her silvery grip. Ryoka smiled at the two of them.
Old friends. New friends as well. They had all changed. And it was a funny thing. Some things never changed.
“Oi! Is that Miss Ryoka Griffin? Well, I’ll be darned. It’s old friends all around.”
Termin, the [Wagon Driver], looked up from his seat. Ryoka stared at him.
“I saw you at Reizmelt!”
“Yup. Yup. Well, we get everywhere, don’t we, Erma? Fox?”
The old man patted the two horses trotting ahead of the wagon. Ryoka grinned.
“Ryoka.”
Halrac nodded to her. The city Runner sat there. She looked around.
