7.28
Page 24
Erin stared into the glowing red water. The Sage’s Grass was dissolving under the intense heat. And the glowing red grass had imparted the water a color she could only describe as…magical.
Palt and Octavia exchanged a glance as Numbtongue watched. He was taking notes in case Erin came up with something he could try making. Pyrite and Reiss were both interested.
“Sage’s Grass doesn’t dissolve that fast! Even my bases take a week to do that!”
Octavia hissed at the Centaur. He nodded. Erin had a powerful Skill. The question was—what did it do?
“Theme. Yeah. I’m getting it.”
Erin closed her eyes. She had made Scale Soup with the idea of making a defensive layer. She’d put hard things into the soup. Now she thought of it—her mushrooms for the fae—every recipe had a theme. Why hadn’t she put that together before?
Perhaps because [Alchemists] had their recipes based off experimentation. But Erin’s Skill—her magic was all about feeling. So she had to do it her way.
“What do you want to create?”
Palt asked Erin. Which was the sort of question that was hard to answer. Because if you didn’t have a purpose—how did you find it?
The young woman closed her eyes. What would be…powerful? More powerful than a Scale Soup, which was weaker than [Barkskin], even if a bit less costly?
Power. The kind she lacked. In her head, Erin saw the most powerful artifact she had ever held. Or had she? It had been just a dream.
But the young woman reached into her pocket and felt the coin.
“I offer an umbrella made from the sun’s light. To bring day into blackest night.”
She remembered holding the umbrella and feeling the sun’s light on her skin. So beautiful, so bright. The very sun itself, that no magic could copy.
To her, that was power. And yet—Erin Solstice shivered.
Tamaroth.
Go the opposite way. That was what she wanted. She looked into the glowing pot. And suddenly—she knew.
“Darkness.”
“That’s the theme?”
Palt and Octavia looked up. Numbtongue saw Erin’s features firm. Her eyes flickered.
“The fire’s wrong.”
They looked at the magical fire Palt had conjured. Erin reached out as Palt cleared his throat.
“If it should be less hot—”
The flames turned invisible. The Centaur froze. For a second, Erin’s face was wrathful. The flames of hatred weren’t hard to conjure. Hatred was easier than true happiness.
“Something dark. To hide you from…even the sun. I think I get it. I have to really want it. Because it’s there.”
The [Innkeeper] could see it in her head, now. It wasn’t just her ideas. It was—instinct. She looked around.
What spoke to her of darkness, here? She walked down the lines of neatly arranged ingredients. Spotted three things.
“What’s this?”
Erin picked up a good amount of black liquid. Octavia started.
“That? That’s ink from the Lurkersnatch fish. It’s cheaper than octopus ink since you get them every spring.”
“It’s good at hiding things. That’s what I’m making. A hiding…thing.”
Erin spoke dreamily. Yes. The ingredients didn’t matter. No—they did, but it wasn’t the recipe that mattered. That was how she differed from Octavia. [Alchemists] were all about the process. So long as Erin achieved the goal—the food worked.
“How much do you—”
Palt’s mouth closed as Erin dumped the entire container of ink into the pot. Octavia closed her eyes.
“Positive Octavia. Positive Octavia.”
She muttered to herself. Numbtongue patted her on the shoulder. He offered her some of the leftover silver he’d mined. Octavia brightened up. Palt eyed the Hobgoblin.
“…Can I have some?”
“No.”
