7.28
Page 8
She embraced the [Alchemist]. They hadn’t had much time to talk. In fact, among all the drama, Octavia had been shoved to the back. And—Ryoka was about to leave in ten minutes.
The [Alchemist] looked at Ryoka.
“I did it. I made the penicillin, Ryoka.”
“You did? Holy—”
Ryoka was stunned. Unfortunately—she had no idea what to do with that information. She’d settled for putting her hands on Octavia’s shoulders.
“Sell it. Give it to [Healers]. It can help with bacterial infections. It’s yours, Octavia. It must have been hard. So it’s yours. Just—just do me a favor? Don’t tell anyone how you discovered it. Call it something else. And make it as cheap as possible, please? It will save lives.”
“I will. Oh, dead gods. I wish I’d talked to you earlier, Ryoka.”
“I’m sorry.”
The City Runner had been ashamed for missing Octavia, but the [Alchemist] had been just as embarrassed.
“I wanted to say—thank you for helping me. I wasn’t grateful. And you helped me out more than I can say.”
“Me too. I mean—I was a terrible person. I probably still am.”
Octavia gave her a watery smile.
“That makes two of us. Here—please, take this.”
And she’d pushed all of her new potions she’d learned from Saliss into Ryoka’s arms, refusing to take money for it, much to Ryoka’s astonishment. Octavia had changed.
 
—-
 
So had she. Ryoka Griffin reached the Runner’s Guild of Invrisil. It was a bustling place. Four times as big as Reizmelt’s Guild.
Inside, the place was hopping with Runners going to the multiple stations for [Receptionists], turning in local deliveries, larger ones—there was even a damn horse standing next to a remarkably short man.
A Courier. Ryoka vaguely recognized him. The Moonlight Rider. Well—Invrisil’s Runner’s Guild was one of the biggest on the continent.
So Ryoka squared her shoulders and approached the counter.
“Station and purpose?”
The [Receptionist] was brisk, efficient. Nothing like a smaller city’s [Receptionist] who would happily gossip, ask your name and so on first. Ryoka Griffin spoke.
“City Runner. Looking for high-risk or reserved deliveries for [Lords], or [Ladies]. Danger’s no problem. Any of the Five Houses is preferred, thank you.”
The [Receptionist] glanced up with a frown. She did a double-take, noting Ryoka’s features, as well as the extraordinary nature of the request.
“There are a few requests for City Runners of that nature. But they’re hotly contested, Miss…?”
“Griffin. Ryoka Griffin.”
The [Receptionist] flipped through a small three-ring binder of the latest requests.
“Well, we get all sorts of requests. I can find…eight for you, Miss Griffin. Two Courier-rank in danger…”
“I’d like to look at them all, if I may?”
Ryoka’s heart was pounding. She knew it was a risk. But she had to take big risks to meet with a [Lord] or [Lady] who could satisfy the fae. Laken alone wasn’t enough, as Teriarch had pointed out. Even if Magnolia agreed—that left two. Erin had promised to help, but even her luck didn’t mean a member of the Five Families would just up and visit her inn, surely.
“Hm. Even so, Miss…Griffin…we do not offer dangerous requests to unproven City Runners. We lose enough as it is. I’m afraid you’d have to file your name for the requestees to look into, and they seldom—oh. Ryoka Griffin?”
She looked up, and her disinterested expression turned into one of study. Ryoka felt her stomach lurch.
“Erm. Yes. That’s right.”
“The City Runner who survived the Bloodfeast Raiders?”
The young woman’s heart fell in her chest. She bowed her head.
“…Yes. That’s right. I’m sorry—”
