7.28
Page 32
“He is respectful. I could wish the same of you, brat.”
Magnolia laughed. She curtseyed deeply, almost a mockery of subservience. The Dragon glowered. But when the [Lady] straightened—she looked at Teriarch.
“It has been a while since you left your cave.”
“A little while.”
He ducked his head, murmuring. Magnolia smiled.
“Come in, then. We have a lot to catch up on.”
“I suppose so.”
The [Lady] turned. She breathed in, and smiled. It had been too long. She had developed lines since they had last seen each other outside his cave. She smiled, even so. And then hid the other emotions behind a single, half-taunting line.
“Come in, old man. Let’s have some tea.”
 
—–
 
The last meeting was also expected and unexpected. The first to see her was a skeleton sweeping the floor. He didn’t need to do this. But sometimes—more often now—he remembered the times he had been a [Barmaid].
Longingly, now. The skeleton looked up, flinching at the sound as the doors opened. If it was one of the Chosen—he would run away. A little, trembling slime hid as well.
Children stalked this castle made of black stone. They laughed, leveled. Learned. But children could be—monstrous.
Yet, this was no child. She was old. And as her eyes alighted on him, the skeleton froze. And fled. He was beginning to understand danger, now. He had lost his eternal regeneration. And he feared those eyes.
Ringed eyes. Glowing orange. A vast hat. Dark blue robes. The [Witch] paused for a moment. And listened.
The clash of swords. In a courtyard, which had been long unused, Venitra and Kerash dueled. The Gnoll and bone woman fought. They had never trained before this. Now—it was a competition. And the reward?
“I am a Level 8 [Warrior]!”
The Gnoll roared. His ability to level had been granted so recently. But he and Venitra were relentless. And the undead were only allowed to spar and practice for now. But they were tireless.
Venitra’s face contorted in displeasure. She had fallen behind. The flames in her eyes burned as she advanced, attacking the Gnoll. They cut each other mercilessly; their bodies could be repaired. And that was only an excuse to see their master.
They never saw the face poking around a corner, staring at them. The [Witch] tapped her lips. She walked through the castle. Poking about.
The master of this place knew she was here already. But he was sitting. Speaking with a rotting woman, a zombie made of plague.
“A [Lady] acts for the good of her subjects, Bea. If you would take that class—you must learn the ways of the living.”
“If you wish me to, master.”
The plague zombie was petulant. Bea sat there, dressed beautifully, but unsure of why she had to learn mortal etiquette. And the Necromancer sighed, but fondly.
“It is what you wish, Bea. You are the first of the true undead. You must choose to be a [Lady].”
“If you want me to, master.”
“Bea…”
His voice was so gentle. So patient. The four living Chosen rejoiced in it. Well—technically you could argue there were five unique undead in the castle. But they hated the fifth. He was wisely out of sight. Not that they were allowed to punish him in front of their Master.
“Master, why did you remove all the spells from my head? I cannot cast magic.”
Ijvani whined. Az’kerash looked at her as she labored over a beginner’s book.
“Levels come from adversity, Ijvani. What I gave you by grace you must earn. We will spend as long as it takes to make a proper [Mage] out of you. Be it years—I will instruct you piece by piece.”
