7.28
Page 33
She shivered in delight at the promise, and forgot her dislike of studying. The Necromancer, Az’kerash, smiled at them.
His children. Oh yes, the world was changed. Then he looked up.
“Ah. Our guest is here. My Chosen, attend me. And be your politest. This being tolerates no disrespect. And she is far older than I.”
They met in the ruined throne room. He stood in front of the dais where once a throne might have been. She stopped there, surveying the ruined room. The Chosen stood behind their master, curious. Dismissive.
Which was a mistake. Az’kerash inclined his head in a small bow.
“Spider of Terandria. We meet again.”
“A third time. Portentous.”
That was all she said. She was—different. Az’kerash had felt it in her reply. He narrowed his eyes, appraising her from afar.
Some of her protections—no—most of them were gone. The others were weaker. What had happened—?
“My daughter. I was hunted.”
The Stitch Witch replied to the [Necromancer]’s fragmented thoughts. He jolted. His robes—which looked to be sewn of midnight, rustled as he glanced at her. They were her garments. He was aware…that would be an issue if they came to strife.
But that was not his intent. The man who had once been Archmage Chandler smiled thinly.
“I heard. I congratulate you on your survival.”
“Does one congratulate the rock for existing?”
The [Witch] did not smile. She tilted her head, regarding the Chosen. Then she looked up at Az’kerash.
“The first time we met as enemies. The second I did you a favor. By right, this time the favor is to me. So I have come at your invitation.”
The [Necromancer] nodded. [Witches] had their ways. He vividly recalled their first meeting.
Before the legend of the [Necromancer] had begun, Belavierr was one of Terandria’s nightmares. And the Undying Shield of Calanfer had challenged her. 
If there had been a winner—it was she for escaping. The second time, he had been dead. And she had made him a gift, to be called as a favor. He was no fool. Belavierr’s favors were like a poison. But he hadn’t cared then. Now?
“It will be mutually beneficial. Our alliance, should you choose to take it. I have made a discovery that will change this world. I offer you an opportunity, Belavierr the Stitch Witch.”
Her eyes glowed in the darkness. She knew. She could read created things like books. Az’kerash made no mention of Pisces, though it burned him to steal work that wasn’t his. But she would use that information. And death would be a mercy for the young [Necromancer] if Belavierr desired the secrets for herself.
“Curious. But not new. Fools of old made things with sentience. I liberated them and watched them kill their masters.”
The Spider’s head twisted left and right as she eyed the Chosen. Az’kerash nodded.
“Stringfolk. I am aware of history, Belavierr. Nevertheless—these are not my slaves. They will be my children.”
“Another word for ‘slave’ for some.”
She laughed at him. The [Necromancer]’s jaw clenched with unexpected emotion. He nearly let the emotion die—then embraced it.
“If you come to my place of power to insult me, Belavierr…I call my Chosen my children. Insult them again at your peril.”
The two looked at each other. And the Chosen stirred. The undead in the castle moved. A single step. Belavierr’s eyes flicked around the room. Two types of magic clashed. He could feel her dissecting the death magic around her, drawing it into threads in preparation for combat.
The Necromancer was under no illusions. Fear was a foreign emotion to the Stitch Witch. Like life was distant for him—but she was far more ancient.
