7.28
Page 10
His pants were of course, loose, for he was a Runner, but even here, he wore red, darker, but noticeably thick as well for all they moved freely. Some composite fabric that gave him closed shoes, the four rings he wore, the amulet like a dagger around his neck, the spectacles on his nose—a look.
Vampire hunter. He could have stepped out of the same cloth the [Hunters] from Terandria had been cut with. His insignia was a cross and stake. And even his hair had silver strands crossing his duller, brown hair.
“At your service.”
The young man swept his hat off his head and gave her a courtly bow. Ryoka, taken, bowed back, or tried to.
“Ryoka Griffin.”
“Delanay, again. House Artien. I am delighted to make your acquaintance, Ryoka Griffin. I’ve heard you’d sleep with a horde of Goblins and kick little babies for fun. But since I heard it from the most objectionable rat-girl I’ve ever met, I have to conclude the opposite.”
That little speech was meant for everyone listening. There was a susurration around the room, and Ryoka smiled despite herself. Here was someone who gave no fucks whatsoever and she liked him, instantly.
“Thank you, Delanay. I uh—don’t suppose this ‘rat girl’ has a name?”
The young man grimaced. He adjusted the silver scarf—oh he was definitely a Vampire hunter—and glanced about the Guild as he spoke.
“You might know her as Persua—”
He broke off as Ryoka groaned.
“Persua. Wait, is she here…?”
“Not today. Or I wouldn’t be here. I take it you’ve run afoul of her? She’s wormed her way into the Guild by, as I would put it, sleeping with every Goblin or Runner she could.”
The young man raised his voice and received glares. He didn’t seem to care. He smiled at Ryoka and tipped his hat again.
“Myself, I’m a common City Runner despite my nobility. And both my common side and noble upbringing told me not to associate with that kind of scum. I’ve been waiting to meet you, Wind Runner.”
“Ryoka, please. And Persua and I are enemies. Or rather—when I think of her, I wish she was dead.”
Ryoka’s earnest comment made Delanay laugh. They stood in front of the counter, talking.
“I hear you work around Reizmelt. Myself, I’m mostly around Invrisil. I heard you asking about dangerous request because I was listening in. Are you in a bad spot?”
“The other way around. Trying to get to the top.”
The young man gave a knowing nod. He had to be hot in all his layers, in the summer, but he gave no sign of it. He tipped his hat as he eyed the Guildmaster’s office.
“Well, I can respect that. Us City Runners need to work hard to get to the same rank as that lot.”
He jerked his head at the Moonlight Rider and his horse, who was inspecting the requests he offered her and rejecting them. Ryoka eyed the duo as well.
“You’re a City Runner?”
He smiled.
“Not fast enough to be a Courier, for all my noble house. I’m not low-ranked, if that’s what you mean. Excuse me, I should introduce myself fully. I am of the Artien family. A minor house as nobility goes. Out of date, out of style.”
He gestured to his clothing and insignia.
“We’re descended from Noelictus, the Kingdom of Shade. Our family’s oh, nine thousand years old? Young. We traveled to Izril a long time ago, practically at our founding. But that’s old news. We’re just relics, tarnishing in the modern era. Like the Byres house, actually.”
“Oh—do you know House Byres? I’m actually…friends…with one of their descendants.”
Delanay grimaced.
“And here I go, running my mouth. We’re actually very close with House Byres.”
“Oh really? What a coincidence.”
