7.28
Page 11
Of course. Ryoka stared at Delanay’s dress. Crossbow. Rapier—a [Vampire Hunter]’s garb. She shouldn’t be talking to him. She was very conscious of the panacea meant for Fierre. But Delanay was friendly. And—dismissive of his roots.
“It’s old hat. We’re both anti-monster noble families, but the monsters we hunt are long-dead. So we’re poor, but honorable. Myself? I just like how we dress.”
He winked at Ryoka. She grinned at him.
“There is that. Well, thank you for not listening to Persua. I hate her.”
“Oh, dead gods. Thank you for saying that. She’s endeared herself to half the Runners here with her sob stories of how Celum mistreated her and whoring herself out to everyone else. I’m sick of it.”
Delanay did not mince words. Something about him struck Ryoka as being too judgmental. The kind of fellow who would judge you for a smudge on your clothing as a personal sin. But before they could talk longer, the [Receptionist] was back.
“Miss Griffin? We can approve you to meet with some of the requestees for Courier-level assignments. They will choose whether to disclose the request, but you are allowed their information.”
Ryoka turned to the [Receptionist].
“I am? Thank you. Can I see…?”
The woman had a list ready. Ryoka ran her eyes down the list. She recognized only a few names. But some were in Invrisil. Ryoka asked for a copy and the [Receptionist] provided it.
It was up to Ryoka to approach the clients to be allowed the right to deliver the dangerous packages. She wasn’t a Courier, so they risked losing their cargo. She risked losing her life, so fair was fair. Ryoka had only twenty minutes left, though. But some of the nobles—while not of the Five Families—were important.
“Thank you. I’m going to approach them at once.”
The [Receptionist] waved her off. Much to Ryoka’s surprise, Delanay left his place in line. He trotted after her.
“I recognized some of the names on that list because I was reading it. Strikes me that you might be able to meet with two of them if I accompany you.”
He informed Ryoka as they left the Runner’s Guild. The City Runner did a double-take.
“You will? I mean—if you can get me an introduction, thank you. But why?”
She wasn’t a complete fool. Delanay smiled.
“Aside from wanting an ally? I consider helping Persua’s enemies a reward unto itself. And lastly—I hope you’ll do me a favor as well. That’s how we work, right?”
“True enough.”
Ryoka conceded this. Delanay could have other motives, but she’d take anything she could. Hell—she’d invite Yvlon’s entire family to the solstice party if she couldn’t get three great nobles. The two trotted through the city.
“Practical. I knew I liked you. Now, the first member of the list, Lady Imarris, is actually in Invrisil. More’s the luck. Let’s ask to meet her. She’ll know my house’s name. And then you can do me a favor when I need it.”
“And the favor is…? Sorry, I know you’re a City Runner. Don’t you have work to do?”
He grinned, and his teeth were very white. Delanay adjusted his scarf.
“Actually, I’m a special type of Runner. I’m an Emergency Runner. I don’t run normal deliveries. I only run when there’s trouble and they need someone who can fight and deliver potions or antidotes. That’s me.”
“Oh—!”
He gave her a nod.
“You run my kind of job, Miss Ryoka Griffin. And you’re no [Mage]. I’d love to know how you conjure your windstorms.”
“Oh…you’re going to be disappointed.”
He laughed.
“We shall see. Now, do you have a plan or were you going to just stride up to Lady Imarris’ household, assuming you even knew where she was staying?”
