7.28
Page 3
“What’s wrong with…something casual? I mean, I had this same conversation Erin, with F—well, that’s different. This?”
They didn’t know each other as well. That was what Erin objected to, but it was why it had happened, in Ryoka’s opinion. She had felt good about it, actually. It had been…good.
At this point Relc unhelpfully leaned over. Or—helpfully.
“Yeah. It’s just s—”
Erin slapped a hand over his mouth. But really—Mrsha was the only other person privy to this conversation. And the Gnoll knew full well the occurrence. She gave Ryoka a betrayed look. Ryoka tried to beckon her over—Mrsha just walked off in a huff.
“But why?”
The [Innkeeper] repeated. She didn’t seem to get it. Ryoka looked at her.
“Erin, do I have to have a reason beyond ‘I want to’? It wasn’t a bad thing. Relc’s not complaining.”
She looked at the Drake. He smiled.
“I mean, no one complains afterwards!”
He puffed out his chest, hesitated.
“…Most of the time. Uh—it was good. Yeah.”
He gave Ryoka an awkward grin. She colored as Erin’s jaw dropped. But Ryoka was past the days of never seeing the person she spent a night with. She half-smiled and replied.
“You’re not half-bad yourself.”
The two started laughing. Erin looked at them, aghast. Perhaps it was because they were both friends of hers. Ryoka turned to Erin. She lowered her voice as Mrsha came back with a pot and slapped it down on Relc’s tail. He yelped and got up to chase her.
“Why wouldn’t you like him? Is he that bad?”
She didn’t know Relc much—well, she knew more after a night in his company, and that included the morning thereafter. Erin hesitated. She looked at Relc, who had scooped Mrsha and was tickling her as she punched and giggled silently.
“…No. He’s a good guy. But I just can’t see myself…”
“Huh. Not ever?”
Ryoka blinked. There were a lot of people whom she’d never see anything with. But not even imagining it? Maybe Erin just didn’t…like…non-Humans. An odd thought, but they had never discussed this. Erin squirmed uncomfortably.
“Not like that. I just don’t—I mean, look, Ryoka. I’m not judging…it’s just not for me.”
Oh, how the lie emerged in that one. Ryoka gave Erin a steady look.
“That’s fine too. But as long as no one hurts each other’s feelings, or there’s no…pregnancy or STI’s or stuff, that’s fine, right?”
She was making a point. Erin hesitated and bit her lip. She was wrestling with the news.
“I guess?”
Ryoka Griffin peered at her. Was Erin Solstice, Erin who welcomed Goblins into her inn and Antinium, uncomfortable with sex? Was this like drugs? It was so…odd for someone like her. And yet, it also made sense. Erin was against a lot of things. She hadn’t handled Relc’s being part of the Golden Triangle well yesterday. Maybe…
Something was wrong. Erin looked so unhappy about it. Ryoka wanted to ask why. She stared at Erin closely until the [Innkeeper] looked away, turning red.
“Sorry. I shouldn’t judge.”
“…Nah. I get it.”
The City Runner replied softly. Erin looked at her.
“If it was just this—thing. Because Relc was upset…I mean, one time and all…”
“Erin. I don’t do pity-sex. I liked Relc. Look at him.”
He was an ugly Drake. Or so people said. Something about the tail? And face? Ryoka couldn’t tell. What she saw was, well…
She liked musculature. Hawk, Calruz—Ryoka had a type, aside from immortals. And Relc was close to peak physicality as they went. Grimalkin was a few strides over that line. But Relc? She’d seen narcissistic bodybuilders who looked poor compared to him.
Erin squinted at Relc. She shook her head after a few seconds, looking bothered. Ryoka sighed.
