7.28
Page 28
Scuttling spiders milled about in chaos. The white Gnoll slowed, padding into the cave. She froze. They were clustered around large egg sacs. Webbing covered the ground and walls. 
Desiccated, half-eaten corpses lay on the ground. Large, furry shapes. Fallen, devoured, torn by Shield Spider fangs. At the far end of the cave, a blockade of wood, sticks, and stones. Shield Spiders tore at it, and Mrsha heard the sound of tails desperately slapping the ground.
She had arrived too late. Days—perhaps weeks too late. The Shield Spiders clicked, uncertainly registering the intruder.
Food? Mrsha backed up, eyes wide. She could sense them with her [Druid]’s senses. They radiated a single emotion, like the bees.
Hunger. Hungry. Hungryhungrystarvinghungryravenousfoodfoodhungry—an overpowering rush of a single emotion. The Shield Spiders were hungry.
They had tripled in number since the last time she’d been here. The summer had fed them. Too well; they had expanded and without the other peacekeeper of the caves, the Healing Slime—the compact had fallen apart.
The Fortress Beavers and Shield Spiders had gone to war. And one had won. Mrsha saw a tide of spiders scuttling at her. She froze—
And a large Shield Spider clicked. It blocked the starving younglings. It knew her.
The Shield Spider was one of the original members of the nests. It had fought the Crelers. And something in it—recognized Mrsha. The Shield Spiders drew back. Mrsha stared up.
This Shield Spider was twice her height now. A patriarch of the nest. She shook as it clicked over to her, eight legs moving on the bare stone.
What had happened? She could feel the hunger in the giant Shield Spider as it regarded her. Mrsha looked around, desperately. The Fortress Beavers—and there had been so many—were dead.
Where was Healing Slime? Had it run away? Died? She looked at the Shield Spider, asking a desperate question.
It had no answers. Only—vague shapes. Dark, flaming eyes in the cave. Death. Fire. Death. Magic. No more slime.
And then hunger. Mrsha knew the rest. She looked at the Shield Spider. Despairingly.
Why? How could you do this? They were your friends. She wanted to ask the Spider. But she had no words.
And no words would have mattered. The giant spider was a creature. It wanted to live, first. People—people might starve rather than turn on each other. But animals were practical. The nest was starving. The Shield Spiders would eat each other without food. Or expand. This brood would expand, soon. The cave would become another nest.
After they killed the last of their food. Mrsha broke out of her horror. She heard a sound.
Slapping tails. Weak rustling. She looked past the nests. And saw the barricade of wood. A Fortress Beaver dam.
Some were alive. Mrsha’s eyes opened wide. The Fortress Beavers had retreated. Built their famous fortresses to hold the spiders out. She could sense them. Hiding, weak from lack of food and wounds. But they were alive.
She stepped forwards. The giant Shield Spider barred her way. It was getting hungrier. Mrsha was food. It wanted her to leave. Leave, before the lesser spiders lost control and attacked her.
But Mrsha—the white Gnoll hesitated. She was Mrsha the Great and Terrible. No—she was Mrsha the Great Wizard—
No. She was just Mrsha. The great adventure was done. It had ended with pettiness. With her absence. See how the mortal, short-lived races forgot. They turned on each other so quickly.
She wept for them. But she would not run twice.
