7.28
Page 23
“I didn’t think so. Even for cooking, Erin. You have to have a recipe. Not knowing anything and improvising is the hallmark of bad cooking. Even an idea helps. And this?”
He waved at the curdled, burned mess that was putting some of the guests in the inn off their feed.
“…It’s not magical. You’re adding something to it. I can tell.”
Or rather—Erin was allowing the inherent magic in her ingredients to combine in some way. She had a rare Skill. Palt wasn’t the most up-to-date on Skills, but he’d never heard of her cooking Skill. He went on.
“Each Skill does something different. How does yours work, Erin?”
She thought hard about it as Numbtongue dumped the pot into one of the outhouses and then tossed a jar of acid fly acid down too.
“Hm. I think I need an…element. No, a theme.”
That was how her cooking had always worked. She combined things of the same…idea together. And once she got started, it made more sense. Palt nodded.
“In that case—why don’t we gather ingredients up and you choose a theme? Also—for your base. Please don’t use milk.”
“What, then?”
The Centaur produced a cigar, took a puff. It was outside so Erin let it go. She was not judgy! Ryoka was just…okay, maybe she judged a bit. But…
“Use water infused with Sage’s Grass. That’s a common alchemical trick. It doesn’t affect the flavor—much. You’re making highly magical dishes, Erin. Don’t use bases like milk. It seems to me you’re using so many ingredients because they lack sheer magical force.”
“Hey, that makes sense! I was always asking Octavia what was like, the most magical. The thing is, there isn’t much magical stuff.”
“Not highly magical. True.”
Octavia wasn’t a rich [Alchemist]. The Centaur reflected that was part of the problem. If Erin had complete access to Wistram’s stockpiles for instance, what might she make?
Thirty minutes later, a small group clustered around a new pot. Numbtongue, Erin, Palt, and now, Octavia and Mrsha. They had all come out—especially because Octavia was interested and familiar with the process.
“I can spare some of my ingredients. Just please don’t go overboard.”
The [Alchemist] was a lot more helpful than the first times they’d done this. Also, Erin was being deliberate. Octavia had brought her ingredients out, the kitchen’s goods had been placed on a blanket on the grass—and she had pans, pots, and utensils.
Numbtongue had even brought out a number of his ingredients. Which were all rocks. Palt eyed some raw magicore and a handful of gems.
“You mine these?”
He addressed Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin shrugged. Gemstones were more plentiful in this world, but the small pile of gems of all colors was still impressive to Erin. She looked at them, oohing and ahhing.
“I think I’m getting some inspiration here.”
“Remember, think it out before you get started. How does a Sage’s Grass base sound?”
“Standard to me. I’ll do it.”
Octavia reached for the grass, but Palt grabbed her hand.
“Sorry. But it’s Skill-based.”
“Oh. Right.”
The [Alchemist]’s eyes widened. Erin put the grass in the cauldron and poured in water. The Sage’s Grass was already minced. But it was her hands doing the mixing. Mrsha peered into the pot—
Lyonette grabbed Mrsha and towed her off.
“Oh no you don’t, missy. You’re not getting near that.”
The Gnoll girl complained silently. But Lyonette was predicting something. So were the guests, who were staring out the windows. They were taking bets on whether something exploded.
“Let’s see. Wow. That’s amazing.”
