7.28
Page 27
He needed to say nothing more. The rest of the Watch groaned. The new Human recruits stared at the cloud of darkness as they trooped down the stairs, already calling for Zevara and preparing for an attack, generalized madness, or anything else in the world.
Zevara cursed and slowly reset a little marker on her desk before she grabbed her sword and rushed to lead a squad to investigate.
Days Since Crazy Human Incident: 0
And life had been going so well.
But it was all good. Really. It was just a failed experiment. The cloud did disperse after two hours. And Erin Solstice resolved to be more careful next time. But she could see both dishes in her head. You’d eat the black powderballs and spit a cloud. It would help. The ash bread? She wasn’t sure what it did, but presumably it had another effect related to dust.
It would take time. But she would make new things. Numbtongue would see to that. He was already imagining how useful this would be. Make a cloud of this—even the accident—then shoot arrows or roll boulders into the trap.
It was just a day. Innocent. A little event. With no consequence but a bit of surprise and worry for some. Oh—and one more thing.
It took them a while to notice. Lyonette was the first, because of her new instincts. But she had checked once and then looked away. And by the time she realized that a little, white Gnoll had used the cloud cover to escape—it was too late.
 
—-
 
Mrsha was a good girl. She really was. She was being an adult. Most of the time. She wasn’t childish like Ekirra. She had seen things. She could be responsible.
It was just that the adults never let her do anything by herself. And sometimes Mrsha wanted to be independent. So—sometimes she had to take opportunities like this.
The dark cloud stuck to Mrsha’s fur, making her giggle. She wanted to run about in it and sneak up on people lost in the cloud. But she had to take this moment to get away from the inn.
Bird had orders now and he would spot her almost every time she ran for it. She wouldn’t get this chance again. So Mrsha ran out of the cloud and down the hill.
She was running towards the city. Mrsha saw that and immediately reversed, away from the squad of Liscor’s [Guards] led by Angry Zevara. That wasn’t where she wanted to go.
Stealthily, using her Skills not to be noticed, Mrsha the Sneaking Sneak padded through tall grass. Rustling away from the inn. She had a destination in mind, and she was smart enough to stay away from suspicious spots where Shield Spiders might make their nests, or conspicuous boulders.
She knew she would get in trouble for this. But it had been a long time. So long—and she was Mrsha the Great and Terrible. Mrsha the White. The great [Mage]! The hero who had made a compact with her brave alliance in a battle of history.
The Defenders of the Cave. Mrsha knew them now. She had, after all, watched The Hobbit. And so she had her wand, which was almost as good as a staff. She stood up on two legs and tottered towards the cave.
She needed a hat. But a wizard—Mrsha the Wizardly decided she wasn’t late! She was right on time! She was always on time!
She should have brought Numbtongue. Or Erin, or Lyonette. But the cave was her special place. And the Healing Slime was afraid of strangers. Mrsha had tried to take it to the inn—twice—but it had always rolled away. But she’d convince it this time. The Defenders of the Cave awaited. Their sacred pact endured! The cave was as Mrsha had left it. And inside—
