7.28
Page 34
And yet—something had revealed her mortal soul. After a second, she nodded.
“I have a daughter already. What will you offer me, Peril Chandler?”
That surprised Az’kerash. It was no apology, but even so. Slowly, the Necromancer of Terandria stepped back. He spread one robed arm.
“I offer you the protection and secrecy of my place, Belavierr. As long as you wish it. I offer you my resources, and my power. And I crave your power in an alliance. To create. Walk this castle and the forest as you wish. My hospitality is yours.”
The two immortals locked gazes. One, black eyes with white pupils. The other, ringed layers of immortality, shining orange. After a moment, Belavierr nodded. And smiled.
“I will stay here awhile. We may strike a bargain.”
Little meetings.
 
 
 
(I’m planning on taking my monthly week-long break after next chapter. I think. I’ll let you know the details next chapter!)
Author’s Note: And that’s about it. This chapter comes before the side-story chapter which will probably be the next one. And it’s short! Or rather, a proper length.
Yeah…yeah. Writing 30,000 words is a lot of work. Well, even 21,000 is a lot. But this still feels short…I should probably work on that perception.
Anyways, reunions end and people get back to work. And other people meet. Does this chapter lack much plot? Or do you enjoy smaller little stories? I think it suits this narrative at least, and it’s good in between the action. Sometimes you just get a chapter with nothing…happening…hm. I don’t think I’ve ever written a truly ‘nothing happens’ chapter. But this is as close as I get.
I have one piece of art for you today: Enuryn the [Naturalist] has done it again! Today’s art is a catalogue of magical weaponry and artifacts used by the Horns of Hammerad! Look at it! Marvel! And enjoy! We will see what Hedault thinks in time, but there is more story to enjoy. So many perspectives…but that’s why this is a web serial. Thanks for reading!
 
https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
 
Equipment Catalogue by Enuryn!
(Full-size Version)

 

