7.28
Page 31
“Mrsha. Mrsha? What are you—”
The doorway opened for her at once. The adults stared as the white Gnoll backed up. The Fortress Beavers stared too. But this new land was verdant. There was a pond. Water. Fish, even. And many plants.
No predators. A safe land. A promised land. They looked at Mrsha. She nodded.
“They’ll eat the trees!”
Lyonette protested in horror. But Erin held up a hand.
“There’s only eight.”
“Erin, they’re Fortress Beavers.”
“We can always plant more trees. Mrsha. Are you sure you have to do this?”
Erin knelt down. Mrsha nodded slowly. The Fortress Beavers looked at her. One was already padding towards the pond and the fish were scattering. Erin took a deep breath. The others looked at her. Lyonette was incredulous. Moore almost approving.
“It’s a better pet than a bee, right?”
Apista landed on her head and fanned her wings. Mrsha had to promise to do many things. And if the beavers ate the sacred chocolate tree or the sprouts of the new Blue Fruit Trees—well, they listened to her.
And as that [Druid] slept that night, the [Garden of Sanctuary] gained another life form. The fish in the ponds were joined by a small colony of Fortress Beavers, who were already making a dam on one edge of the pond.
Lyonette was exasperated. Numbtongue vaguely approving—they could be emergency rations in times of siege—and the others bemused and worried about Mrsha’s tendency to get in trouble. But the [Druid] knew this was right. She slept, wondering where the little slime had gone.
 
[Druid Level 8!]
[Natural Allies: Fortress Beavers]
[Natural Gift: Fur of the Fortress form obtained!]
 
Mrsha’s eyes opened wide. She sat up in bed. Lyonette du Marquin opened her eyes and saw a huge, shaggy furry beast sitting on her chest. Fur like armor.
She screamed. Mrsha didn’t get dessert for two weeks.
 
—-
 
Those were small tales. Little events. Sometimes with lasting consequences. And Mrsha—like Ryoka was learning about herself, or Erin about her Skills—was learning about her class.
Intuition came well to [Druids]. But she could have used a teacher. Because then she would have known that the power she had came from no books, but nature. And her allies in nature mattered.
Fur like a fortress was just the start. There was far more you could gain. But you couldn’t do it just by leveling. It was a compact with nature, like [Witches].
And that power could be used to protect or destroy. It depended on the [Druid].
He sensed the intruder coming unwelcome. A foreign power. Coming unannounced. He grew. Nalthaliarstrelous left his mortal, Human shape behind and grew taller.
The vast rows of hedges in his overgrown garden betrayed a hulking figure. Envenomed claws. Bestial teeth. Eyes which glowed as he moved to war. He roared as the intruder turned his head. Nalthaliarstrelous opened his mouth of layered teeth—
And froze. The intruder stared at the [Druid] without fear. The [Druid]’s wild form faltered. And then—he turned back into a Human man. Naked, much to the objection of the [Maids] and [Servants] flooding out of the mansion to do battle.
They saw Nalthaliarstrelous bow. He pressed his forehead to the ground as the old, half-Elven figure passed them by. Magnolia Reinhart’s servants froze. They recognized this person. They hid the weapons they’d drawn behind their backs.
“He never does that for me.”
Magnolia Reinhart stood in the doors of her mansion. She was beaming with unadulterated pleasure as she stared at the respectful [Druid].
Grand Mage Eldavin—Teriarch—harrumphed as he walked towards the doors. He looked at Ressa. She nodded to him.
