7.28
Page 7
“I have to check with the Runner’s Guild. I doubt I’ll get a delivery—but don’t wait on me if I do.”
“We’ll go too. I mean—we’re picking up our stuff from Hedault. We’ll wait for you, Ryoka.”
Ceria sniffed and wiped at her eyes. They split up.
It had been a quick goodbye. But no less emotional. Mrsha tugged at Pisces’ robes, as if asking to just keep him. Erin had burst into tears—and only the fact that they’d already done these goodbyes had kept them from being overdrawn.
 
—-
 
Actually—there had been one funny moment. Jelaqua had cried almost as much as Erin and Mrsha—but the Selphid was emotional like that. Green tears had leaked from eyes as, for some reason, she singled Ceria out.
“Congratulations. Is it serious?”
“We’re pretty serious, yeah. I mean—we’re giving it a shot. I’ll let you know how it goes.”
The half-Elven [Cryomancer] was astonished to see Jelaqua burst into more tears. The Selphid hiccupped and turned to her team.
“Oh dead gods. They grow up so fast. This is huge. I—I—are you sure? You just met, but if you know, you know, I guess. Maughin and I were like that.”
She looked at Seborn. The Drowned Man just looked at Ceria.
“Er. Congratulations.”
“Thanks? We won’t be gone long.”
“I hope not. We will take care of your loved ones for you.”
Moore promised Ceria solemnly. Ulinde shyly offered her hand.
“Congratulations, Miss Ceria. I—I’m sorry for before. Best of luck.”
“You’re really going to do it?”
The half-Elf nodded slowly. Griffon Hunt were going on a request to Riverfarm, wherever that was. But somehow Montressa and Beza—and the Halfseekers—must have heard about the Horn’s plans. They were headed north. To take on more requests—but also because Pisces believed they had an opportunity there.
“I mean…we discussed it. Everyone. And we think it’s for the best.”
“Dead gods. That changes everything. I—um—invite us when it’s time.”
“Yes.”
Bezale gave Ceria an odd, awkward look. The half-Elf put it down to the way they’d been at odds recently. She smiled.
“I will. We’ll come back too.”
Jelaqua came over, all weepy. She insisted on hugging Ceria again.
“Let us know. And good luck on your adventures! You have something to come back for now, don’t you?”
“I always did.”
“Oh dead gods! It must be true!”
The Selphid had given Ceria an astonished look. She turned away as the goodbyes were said.
“I can’t believe it. But I guess the rumors are true. Hey—hey Relc! Have you heard…?”
 
—-
 
That had been…weird. Ryoka suspected something had been off. But she hadn’t asked. The Wandering Inn would continue. And…
She would come back again. Ryoka had promised Mrsha. To seal that promise—she had left something behind. Her inspiration. The reason for leaving.
The little statue of Ivolethe wasn’t much compared to Mrsha’s birthday presents. But it was valuable. The Gnoll had put it under her pillow. Ryoka would come back for it.
She would come back. The City Runner inhaled as the Gold-rank teams saw the door to The Wandering Inn close. Ryoka nodded to the others.
“Forty minutes. I’ll be there.”
She jogged off. It hurt, leaving the inn behind. But Ryoka had to move. She’d come back when she had more time, after the Summer Solstice.
There had been one more interesting event. As Ryoka jogged through the city, making for the Runner’s Guild, she reflected on another person she’d left behind. Whom she wished she had more time for.
 
—-
 
“Ryoka?”
The City Runner’s eyes widened as she broke off from hugging Erin. She looked at the Stitch-girl.
“Octavia?”
