7.28
Page 14
Delanay d’Artien was quickly revealing himself to be a hothead just as bad as Ryoka in her prime. He had one hand on his rapier as he studied the [Spellarmor Captain], who was guarding Lady Ieka’s rooms. She had made a few comments about Ryoka after hearing that Ryoka had ties to Lady Magnolia.
After all, Ieka’s bodyguards shared their mistress’ opinions. Ryoka had been willing to let being called a ‘lapdog’ slide—but Delanay had not. He leaned forwards as the [Warriors] looked at him with contempt. They had thick, ensorcelled plate armor on. He had stylish dress and a sword. Nevertheless, the City Runner replied to the [Captain] with an edge to his voice.
“If you’re going to insult us, say as much to our faces. I am Delanay d’Artien and if you have the guts, Miss, I’ll answer your every insult. Assuming you’re not content to hide behind your Mistress’ authority?”
“Delanay, drop it. We’re here for an audience.”
Ryoka hissed. The [Captain] looked outraged as she shifted her grip on the mace. Delanay gave Ryoka a glance full of anger.
“No one looses insults in my presence. Well, Miss [Captain]? Or is that mace for show? Let’s not pretend there is a fairer sex if you’re worried of having your features marred. Either you are a [Warrior] and can back up your words or not.”
He strode forwards and prodded the [Captain]. Ryoka covered her face. Was this how Erin had felt around her? She saw the [Captain] purple and was sure they were five seconds from being beaten to a pulp—when the doors opened.
“Lady Imarris will see you now. Lord Delanay, your restraint. Captain Kelda?”
Everyone straightened as a half-Elven woman opened the doors. Ryoka sighed in relief. Delanay turned and bowed, abashed.
“Miss Zenna. A pleasure.”
“Lord Delanay, your tongue hasn’t improved with age. Perhaps another ten years will do. Pray, enter. And mind your manners. Miss Griffin? Lady Imarris awaits.”
The half-Elf gestured. Ryoka took a deep breath. She had asked Fierre about how to approach Ieka. And her informant and friend had provided the easiest summary of Ieka.
 
Innovative, magical. Strongly dislikes Magnolia Reinhart and her circle. Fond of pretty faces. Try to smile.
–Fierre
 
“Thank you, Fierre.”
Ryoka would bring her medicine soon. And then…well, who knew? The City Runner squared her shoulders and walked into the room. She needed to make friends. So she’d bow and scrape if need be. But she didn’t need to. Because the first thing Lady Ieka Imarris said upon seeing Ryoka was—
 
—-
 
“Oh my.”
Lady Ieka’s first impression of Ryoka was tall, somewhat Drathian features—darker skin than the natives of Izril. Tall, as tall as she was, or even an inch or two taller. Long, black hair—
Beautiful features. The [Lady] stared as Zenna introduced Delanay and Ryoka.
She was familiar with Delanay—nobles always kept track of each other—Ieka’s attention was on Ryoka. She had bare feet? For some reason, that only made it more scandalously attractive to see her standing on the rich carpets.
“I—I am very intrigued by your request, Miss Ryoka Griffin. And such startling words. Please, approach.”
Lady Ieka produced a fan and gently waved it as Ryoka stepped forwards. The City Runner bowed, made her introductions. Ieka barely listened as Delanay apologized for nearly picking a fight. The Artien family was full of hot-heads.
“…was hoping to take your Courier-level request, Lady Imarris. The one you had reservations about?”
