7.28
Page 26
She poured it into the pot before she heard Octavia. Erin saw the mixture change. It began to bubble—she looked at Octavia. Something had gone wrong. She felt it. Now her image of the ash-bread was gone, as well as the shadow-powderballs.
“Um. Octavia. What did I just add?”
The [Alchemist] saw the pot bubbling up. She said one word.
“Vinegar.”
Numbtongue was already running with Palt. But it was too late. Erin backed up and—
 
—-
 
Mrsha the Experimental, grumpy at being left out of all the fun, was watching through the window. Lyonette had let her do that. She saw the four running for the door a second before the pot boiled up.
Vinegar and baking soda. It didn’t quite explode. But the mixture, far lighter than it should have been, bubbled high into the air. Mrsha’s jaw dropped. And then she saw the mixture turn gaseous in the air. Partly gaseous.
A cloud dropped over the entire inn. Abruptly, all the light went out. The fireplaces weren’t lit. Inside the inn, there were shouts of confusion. Mrsha looked around wildly.
“What happened?”
“It was that pot! Hah! You owe me five silver! I told you—”
The only light was from the kitchen. Awestruck, Mrsha looked around. In the darkness, Lyonette raised a hand.
“Everyone stay where you are! [Light]!”
The magic from the Sage’s Grass field boosted her spell. Multiple orbs of light emerged from the table, floors, walls—the guests oohed and applauded. The [Princess] gave them a little pleased bow and then looked around.
“Mrsha?”
She sighed as she saw the Gnoll wagging her tail. Then Lyonette went to the window.
It was perfect blackness outside. No—that wasn’t quite true. The particles of blackness in the air were shifting. It was like the inn was engulfed in a cloud.
“It’s like—a cloud spell. Erin made that?”
Wonderingly, Montressa went to the windows. Mrsha heard a banging sound from the hallway. She turned as Palt, Numbtongue, Erin, and Octavia stumbled into the inn.
They weren’t actually dirty—but the dark cloud clung to them, as if the cloud were thick and physical. They were all coughing.
“It sort of worked. I just need black flour. And um—no vinegar and baking soda.”
Erin looked around. Lyonette put her hands on her hips. But the inn’s patrons were excited. They rushed out the door, exclaiming and tripping into one another in the darkness.
“I suppose as events go, that’s not a bad one. But how long is this going to last?”
Even the [Princess] had to concede that. Erin hesitated. She raised a finger and the answer sprung into her mind.
“If the recipe had worked? Three hours.”
Everyone looked at her. Mrsha leapt off her chair as Lyonette covered her face. Erin laughed, though. She had failed, but she was figuring out her Skill. She just needed…black flour, huh? She might also need a few other things. But she could see it. [Wondrous Fare]. It was telling her how to make magical foods.
Of course—the cloud of darkness had a few other unintended side effects. Bird, sitting in his tower, called out after a while.
“Hello? Who has turned the sky off? Hello?”
This would make hunting birds harder. But not impossible. The [Hunter] waited for the bats—which he termed ‘dark birds’ to come out.
Others were less sanguine about the affair. One of the [Guards] on patrol on the eastern wall saw the cloud appear. Instantly, the Gnoll shouted.
“Hey! Get me a Street Runner for the Watch Captain! It’s the inn!”
