7.29 B
Page 35
“We have a kick—oh, and the fliers are going after it! Honestly, I don’t think flying makes you better per se. If the ball is on the ground, a flier has to land. And they still have to aim! Now, if they juggle the ball in the air, that’s different. Maybe make a rule saying only two aerial passes? Anyways—oh! Great shot down the middle, but it’s blocked and coming back our way—duck!”
The soccer ball shot towards the stands. The crowd ducked, but the ball bounced off a magical shield. Drassi crawled back up.
“Penalty! Hey Pallass! Learn to control the ball! Yeah, you heard me! Want me to get Ekirra to show you how to kick? He’s 7!”
Blackmage grinned as Drassi waved and shouted at one of the fliers, who was taking objection to this commentary. He saw the other [Mages] laughing too, but they were focused on the game.
“Fifty gold and a small secret says Pallass takes it. Any takers?”
Sa’la looked around. Instantly, another Drake snorted.
“That Drake is right. Those fliers don’t have their wings. If it was an all-Garuda team, they’d have more control. But Drakes don’t learn flight from birth. Believe me. I’ll take your wager.”
“How about two middling secrets on Pallass?”
“I’ll take that bet.”
The [Mages] were putting down money, whatever they had in their pockets—Aaron saw one bet consisting of twelve gold pieces, a magic ring, and a slightly-stale quiche. He turned to Telim.
“Are you all betting on the game?”
“Only naturally. It’s fun to watch. How are you today, young Aaron? The Archmages not keeping you running about?”
The [High Mage] was taking his ease—as he had been the entire day. Aaron shrugged.
“A bit. Are you…not working?”
“What on?”
“The magic quills—”
“Oh, those. I can make five in five days. Don’t tell the academy.”
Telim waved that off. Blackmage stared at him. Then he abruptly sat down.
“You don’t think you could make more?”
The bearded man snorted.
“You sound like Miss Elena. I could, but I don’t sell the quills. And even if I did—I’d ruin [Scribes]. The quills are useful for the rich, but let’s not ruin an entire class, hm?”
Aaron thought about typewriters, and the proliferation of the written word. A [Scribe] could copy a book, but what about a printing press?
“Don’t you think it would be more convenient to…make something?”
Telim tapped the side of his nose.
“Ah, but what? A [Scribe] at high levels can write faster than my quills, young Aaron. Your world’s technology can make things more efficient, I grant you, but at higher levels we surpass your world. Your…little gadgets are something that make things convenient for all.”
That was true. Aaron nodded. Telim went on.
“However…the academy is not interested in making things convenient. If we can do it already, why waste time and money working on the same? I regret to say that’s why your submission for your project involving these…bicycles was turned down. We have magic carpets.”
“But if we had a car or other means of transport…”
Aaron raised his voice in protest. Part of the problem was that without funding, you couldn’t get anything done. With it? Nailihuaile or a high-level [Mage] would enchant whatever you needed. You’d get funding, supplies—Aaron had been drowning in magicore and different metals when he made the first battery and shock orb. But it dried up for projects like the boat. He’d had to beg Naili for even that wind spell.
Telim just patted Aaron on the back.
