7.29 B
Page 27
The Archmage’s Wing was a name for a section of Wistram taken over by the Archmages. It was meant for their projects, not their living spaces.
In the past, it would have been on the higher floors. But the higher levels were sealed. To go higher, one had to pass Cognita’s ‘test’.
And the Truestone Golem had killed every [Mage] ever to attempt to challenge her.
She was, in fact, waiting at the door. Beatrice and Aaron froze as the giant, stone woman looked at them.
Cognita’s mouth moved. Her eyes fixed on Aaron. She was made of stone, but even her dress moved as she walked. Truestone, a relic of Archmage Zelkyr’s power. No [Mage] was truly ever comfortable about her; as Elena had said, Golems could be said to rule Wistram while Cognita guarded the higher floors.
“Aaron Vanwell. Your presence is requested.”
“Cognita. I am bringing him to Archmage Nailihuaile—”
Beatrice actually backed up as Cognita stepped forwards. The golem towered over both Dullahan and Human; she was eight feet tall. And her face seldom changed.
“Another Archmage requests his presence.”
“Who? Archmage Viltach and Archmage Feor both—”
Beatrice knew who Cognita must be talking about and froze. Cognita looked at her.
“Archmage Amerys has not been formally stripped of her position by Wistram’s Council. In accordance with Wistram law, I will convey her requests. Even if she is currently being held in captivity.”
The Dullahan [Runemistress] gulped. So did Aaron. He didn’t like Amerys. But she had summoned him and Cognita had borne her request. Beatrice raised one finger.
“Amerys is a traitor to the academy—”
“She is an Archmage of Wistram until the gathered [Mages] strip her of that honor. Your opinion does not change the truth.”
Cognita’s voice did not rise. Nor did her face change. But she spoke in such a way that Beatrice’s words were run over, smashed flat, and ignored. The Dullahan backed up. Cognita looked at Aaron.
“I have conveyed her message. Be about your business, Aaron Vanwell.”
She nodded and walked off. Aaron saw Beatrice glaring at Cognita’s back. The Dullahan was holding onto the wand at her side under her robes. But Cognita hadn’t cared.
“…Follow me.”
Beatrice muttered after a second. Aaron followed her.
The doors to the Archmage’s Wing were sealed unless you had a magical key. Even Cognita didn’t have one—but somehow, Blackmage thought that if she really wanted in, the doors wouldn’t stop her.
But Beatrice let Aaron into a silent part of Wistram. Only a few [Mages] were allowed in here. And most were gathered in a dark room.
Large pictures were hung on the walls. On canvases, hanging or hovering in the air for the audience to inspect.
They were in theory paintings, but they were more like pictures. Magic had copied the images, and a [Paint Mage] had replicated them with spells. Aaron took one look at them and recoiled.
They were of Antinium. Huge, massive insectile forms sat in their Hives, surrounded by drones and soldier-ants. Queens. Each shot showcased the innards of the Hive, or something interesting. An Azure Antinium, a giant winged one speaking up to a broken Queen—a little Worker trundling a huge cart of food to another Queen—
“Ah, Aaron! You’re here. Thank you, Beatrice.”
Archmage Nailihuaile turned and smiled brightly. Beatrice bowed stiffly, holding her head in her hands.
“Archmage Naili, Cognita was waiting outside the wing. Amerys has summoned Aaron Vanwell.”
The Star Lamia froze for a second. Her magical staff—an artifact of her people, tapped on the ground.
