7.29 B
Page 4
“Hah. I didn’t even get to the math! They don’t want to listen! If they can’t see it, they think it doesn’t exist! Like electricity—all the [Aeromancers] and other [Mages] were convinced you couldn’t make electricity or store it without magic. But then you invented a battery and they fell over themselves saying they knew it all along.”
“Oh. Yeah. Well, I didn’t know how to make one until George and Eun helped me make it.”
The young woman shook her head. Aaron couldn’t help but keep glancing sideways at her.
Elena was stunning. And in a world where anyone could use an illusion spell, that mattered. She was…a [Beautician].
A job from her world, but her class in this one. Elena had graduated from a university in Greece in a two-year program. She was older than Aaron by nearly half a decade. And she was a member of the Centrists faction.
Or rather, an asset. Teura cleared her throat as she approached Elena stuffing her mouth.
“Miss Elena, the presentation is over. Allow us to escort you back to your area.”
She glanced at Aaron, extremely displeased. He winced; Teura still held a grudge from when he’d been under her authority and gave her the slip. He was a member, or again, an asset of the Revivalists. And the Centrist and Revivalists often clashed.
“I’ll go after I see the other projects, Teura. Is that alright?”
Elena turned her head and gave the half-Elf a smile. Teura hesitated—but she was under orders.
“Of course.”
She tried to smile and incline her head. Elena was one of seven young people from Earth in the Centrist faction’s grasp. And while they could limit their interaction with other factions—there was only so far the Earthers would be pushed. Elena was especially stubborn and the [Mages] were being cooperative rather than pushy.
Too—Elena was also a lot better at subtly influencing people than Aaron. She glanced at him as Teura stepped back, hovering about awkwardly.
“I spent one week working on this presentation. I doubt I’ll do it again if all I get is skepticism.”
She didn’t raise her voice, but out of the corner of his eye, Aaron saw Teura wince. She pursed her lips and he saw Elena wink at him. By now, they were accustomed to speaking while knowing they were being listened to.
“Let’s check on the other projects. I think Saif is doing his battle-games.”
She nodded and took another fistful of chips. As she did, Aaron saw her check her pocket.
“Damn. I’m low on gold. Spot me a tip?”
“For who?”
She gave him a look.
“The Golems. Obviously.”
Aaron hesitated. But then he dug in one pocket and produced a gold coin. Elena grabbed it.
“Thanks. I’ll pay you back.”
She had as much of the refreshments as she wanted. But money was in short supply. Elena had been—and would be—paid for putting on this lecture. Not much since most of the [Mages] hadn’t enjoyed it as much.
But she’d still have fistfuls of gold and an allowance of magical trinkets, low-level scrolls or lessons from her faction. Which she could turn into secrets.
Wistram Academy rewarded the Earthers for their efforts in that way. Aaron had no concept of gold—but he gathered they were being paid lavishly. Or scraps, depending on how you looked at it. Either way, secrets were worth more in Wistram and the Earthers had quickly learned they could amass small fortunes to pursue their activities.
They were captive. But they weren’t prisoners. That was a good way of describing them. Now, Aaron saw Elena trot over to a waiting shape.
