7.29 B
Page 29
“The point is that our…access…runs two ways. We have limited our observation. Rumors are already spreading. But we have obtained these images of the interiors of the Antinium Hives. As well as other valuable information.”
The Archmages nodded at each other. Aaron shifted. But for this, he might have dismissed Elena’s fears out of hand. But this—essentially—was everything conspiracy theories were made of in his world.
Wistram watched through the scrying orbs. Blackmage hadn’t suggested this. He’d objected—hard, in fact. But the [Mages] had been delighted by the idea.
“It seems Niers Astoragon, the heads of the Four Great Companies, among others, have found out. And word is spreading from ruler to ruler. We are denying allegations of course, but this is costing us politically. I’ve been smoothing feathers in Terandria. Those damn [Illusionists] did not help.”
Viltach informed the others. The two nodded absently.
“I consider it worth the cost considering we got this. But let’s scale back the observation, shall we? The Seer of Steel has already lodged a formal complaint. We don’t need him making it public…”
“We will be more covert. However, this…Aaron Vanwell. Tell us more about the ability of your devices. The camera functions.”
The three Archmages turned to Aaron. And there it was. He gulped.
“Um—what about them? I’ve showed you the video and camera functions.”
“If…we were to teleport a device into a room. Like the Grand Queen’s Hive—how covert would it be?”
Viltach studied Aaron. And Blackmage was sure they were casting [Detect Lies]. He didn’t need to lie, though. The truth was the truth.
“I…don’t know how you’d see the screen.”
“We can’t send the information back here?”
“Maybe with a call? But you’d have to access the phone. And keep it charged on the other end.”
“Could we…set it to record, send it over, and see what it picks up?”
The young man shrugged.
“Maybe with audio? I guess that works.”
The three Archmages conferred.
“…Not much better than an eavesdropping spell.”
“But they won’t pick it up with magic. That Azure Antinium was onto us, I’m convinced. Xrn the Small Queen.”
Feor stared long at the image of Xrn. Where Naili was interested and antagonistic and Viltach just disgusted, Feor looked…interested.
“…Yes. An accomplished spellcaster. But the point remains. Can the Antinium pick up this…device, Aaron Vanwell?”
“I don’t know. If the screen is on it’d be obvious. Aside from that, it’ll be just…quiet. Unless someone calls it or there’s an alarm on it.”
Naili tapped her staff on the ground, thinking.
“Seems risky. I don’t like it. Let’s not tip our claws, boys.”
The other two looked at her.
“It is possible the Antinium could sense the electricity in the device. I cast my vote against as well, Viltach.”
“It’s worth the risk! If the other three Archmages were here—”
“Once we get them here. They’re missing all the fun with Earth.”
Naili’s eyes glittered. Viltach nodded curtly. He looked back at the images of the Antinium and cursed.
“Well—what do we do with these?”
“Give them to the Drakes. They are still the best images of what the Hives look like by far. And some of the information we have recorded…is intriguing.”
Feor stroked at his white beard. He stared at Garry, with the poofy hat on his head, frowning with obvious confusion. Viltach just shook his head.
“That damned Reinhart. She’s depreciated the value of this information considerably with her stunt.”
