7.29 B
Page 17
He had noticed the Singer of Terandria when her songs first began spreading. They had talked, using the magical phone connection. But Cara, like batman, and the mysterious ‘L’ had always been cagey about revealing her location or identity. The others had been found, brought here.
“I’m trying to help.”
Elena’s face softened at Aaron’s hurt look.
“I know. But you’re not the one Cara’s worried about. It’s…”
She waved her arms around to mean everything. Wistram Academy. Aaron frowned.
“They haven’t let us go. But they’re not evil, Elena. They rescued Sidney and the others, didn’t they?”
She chuckled mirthlessly.
“They found us, you mean? Most of us weren’t ‘saved’. You heard Basil. Adventurers saved him. Wistram just found him after everything was done. Do you think—nah. You couldn’t know what people think of Wistram.”
That stung. Aaron glared at her. The [Magictech Engineer] thought of his shock-glove and the orb.
“I think they can make a lot of good items. Or don’t you think one of my shock-gloves would have helped against those rats? Or Goblins?”
“Your Iron Man glove? Sure, it’s useful. But who says you’re going to get to use it, Aaron? They’ll never let us leave here.”
She sneered at him. Aaron hesitated.
“But they’re not…”
She poked at his chest.
“Believe me. They might be nice to use while we’re useful, Aaron. But we are not in control. Cara warned me it might be like that and I volunteered. Get it? She didn’t send me because I was useless. I’m her friend. And I’ve seen what magic—what power does to people.”
The [Beautician] took a deep, shuddering breath. And something like the look in Basil’s—Sidney’s eyes surfaced in her own.
“Cara found me. She saved me. You think rats and Goblins are the worst thing in the world, Aaron? At least you could kill those. If Saif had a real gun, he could kill them. But there are things worse than them.”
The young woman’s hand rose to her neck and fell away. Elena shuddered.
“I marched with Cara on a village out of hell. Ruled by an immortal [Witch]. I saw evil, Aaron. This? This is what Cara was afraid of. Powerful people, ruling the world and deciding how other people live or die.”
She turned away, shaking her head.
“For all we know, High Mage Telim is just playing us.”
“I don’t think so. I think he’s—he’s not a bad man. Not a good man either. He’s just a man. The [Mages] are just people, Elena.”
That was what Aaron believed. Telim had proven that. He wasn’t evil. Elena had seen evil, though. She looked doubtful.
“There are factions in Wistram, Aaron. Some seem better than the others and there are good people. But are any of them actually…good? How would we know? This place is made of secrets. Of the three Archmages in Wistram, I don’t like any of them. Feor and Naili both have their good sides. And bad sides.”
“I know. But at least we get food, potions.”
Aaron nodded. He stood with Elena, as Sa’la left the room, shaking her head and looking troubled. Then Blackmage had a thought.
“Four.”
“What?”
She looked at him. The young man took a breath.
“There are four Archmages in Wistram right now, actually. But the last one’s…nasty.”
 
—-
 
Therapy ended late in the night. The Earthers were escorted back by their guardians—or some were allowed more autonomy.
Wistram’s factions were indeed each unique. Some were large, comprised of thousands of members in the academy and across the world, like the Revivalists, Centrists, and Libertarians. The big three, as Aaron understood them. They had the most voting power in the Council, the most active Archmages…and they were thus more akin to a political party.
