7.29 B
Page 20
“Idevin! Friend. I was just going to ask about that. He’s all up in arms over a few ships sinking. But did you agree with the naval blockade? It was blocking freedom of expression.”
“And your smuggling. Let’s not pretend the Elusive Lot wanted anything than keeping their criminal friends happy.”
The [Mage] snapped back. Galei shrugged.
“The point is that there’s this business with Viltach trying to get the Council to lean on us. The Aqauis have friends…we don’t have anyone in the Council.”
“Not openly.”
Idevin snapped, but he was listening. He frowned, glancing at Galei and then Aaron, who was still waiting for Erik.
“We have a few seats. But we’re not going up against the Libertarians for no reason.”
“What if I could promise I’d have a majority opposing old Viltach? You just need to vote with the others.”
The other [Mage] thought for half a moment and then shook his fiery hair.
“Forget it. You lot have been causing too much trouble. The last thing your faction did was steal from us. We owe you nothing. If you’ll excuse me—”
He walked off, and three [Mages] blocked Galei. The Centaur put a hand out, calling after Idevin. Then—he took a breath. And Aaron saw his eyes twinkle.
“Turn, hellhound! Turn!”
The [Illusionist]’s voice roared across the hallway. Idevin whirled. The Centaur walked through the three [Mages]. And suddenly, a figure stood in the hallway.
A Human man. He was tall, dressed in Victorian-era clothes, colorful, a rapier at his side. Erik, hurrying out of his rooms with his tablet and Aaron both stared.
Macbeth, or rather, the [Mage] playing him, was wounded across the shoulder, bloody in two spots. But his eyes gleamed with madness. He drew his sword, and a second figure appeared across from him.
Galei, now adorned in battle-gear, held a sword and shield. He was playing Macduff. Yerzhen, another of the Elusive Lot, pointed his sword at Galei and intoned with weary resignation.
 
“Of all men else I have avoided thee.
But get thee back. My soul is too much charged
With blood of thine already.”
 
Galei scowled, and his voice was rough as he lifted his sword. He stared at Macbeth with all the hatred in the world.
 
“I have no words.
My voice is in my sword. Thou bloodier villain
Than terms can give thee out!”
 
The two charged at each other, attacking, parrying, and the other [Mages] scattered in alarm.
“What’s going on? Galei, stop this at once!”
Idevin cried out in horror. But the two were locked in mortal combat. Still—it was an act. They were flourishing, the Centaur pressing the Human man back with vicious cuts. Idevin raised his glowing staff, frowning darkly.
“I said stop—”
He was about to blast both with fire, but Erik grabbed his arm.
“Magus Idevin! It’s a play! Macbeth!”
“What? But I thought you didn’t remember—”
The [Mages] stared. Then the Aquais faction turned. The two [Illusionists] locked in mortal combat froze.
The air darkened. And a third figure stepped out of the air. Taxiela again. Had this been one [Mage]? Or three? The Lizardgirl bowed, adorned in a mimicry of the same dress as the two men. She swept a cap from her head and bowed as Aaron stared.
“Ladies and Gentlemen of the Aquais faction! Prithee, how did we camest to this sad tale of two men locked in mortal combat? The answer lies at the start of our play, of dark prophecy and ambition!”
Her eyes twinkled. Taxiela straightened from her bow.
“The Ullsinoi factions presents: Macbeth. A play from Earth, transcribed in full by our own lovely people from Earth! A full play, one of over a dozen.”
