7.29 B
Page 41
[Mages]. They never wondered who was on the ground from their lofty citadel. The pieces were landing on people.
Or perhaps they knew. Perhaps it was all some great plan. Wistram Academy stood alone. And in the meantime—Watch Captain Zevara closed her eyes. She stood up, and called out amid the shouting.
“Someone please summon Senior Guardsman Relc. At once. I need to speak with him.”
 
—-
 
One last thing. A little note in between the different stories. Inconsequential? Hardly, but a small thing.
Palt found Joseph listening to the reports coming from Liscor. Erin had closed her magic door; The Wandering Inn was in lockdown and no one unfriendly was going to get through the trapped hallway. Pallass and Liscor were both heaving.
“Joseph.”
The young man started. He looked up as the Centaur, smoking something, bent down.
“What is it…Palt?”
“I have something for you. From my faction. This. And this. Don’t worry; I’ll get reimbursed. But they wanted this to you straight off.”
The Centaur bent down and offered Joseph three things. The first was a wand.
“It casts [Stun Spear]. Powerful. Tier 3. Kicks anyone on their back. Sixty charges. I’ll show you how to use it. And this…”
A bag of gold. Joseph stared wide-eyed at it. He looked up.
“But—but what? Who is this from?”
“Read the letter.”
Palt had written it, but he’d copied the letter his master had told him to write word-for-word. Joseph read.
 
The Singer of Terandria is not part of Wistram. I think there are more of us in Baleros. A girl called Caroline says she was with them. Don’t come to Wistram unless you don’t want to leave. Ignore the letters. I’ll send what I can. Sincerely—
–Blackmage, aka Aaron Vanwell.
 
Joseph read, and then looked up. Palt winked as he trotted towards the door. It was true that Aaron wasn’t a hero. He was an [Engineer], a programmer, a nerd, self-proclaimed. He wasn’t a hero.
But he could still do something.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I am on break until June 23rd. Later for public readers. I know I’m taking a week off per month, but I need it. To work on other stuff too, like getting Volume 3 ready for e-books…resting…I think it helps the writing, or I wouldn’t do it. Sorry for the delay, but it won’t be too long.
Now, listen. The Audiobook for Volume 2 will be released July 14th. The Last Tide comes out in August.
Part 1, that is. It will be digitally available, and a physical version with the full story will come out. There is also a chapter, written by me which will be made available at some point, which this entire big thing is based on.
But look. Words become pictures. And these pictures? Gorgeous. You may read, speculate, and impatiently wait for the comic book—but not for much longer. And here are some pages from the comic-book. Look at it. LOOK AT IT. (Also, I’m releasing more art to Patreons, so check there for more art that won’t be made public.)
That’s all for now! See you in 2 updates! Thanks for reading!
(Full-size Version)
 

 

