7.29 B
Page 30
“We have estimates of the other Hives. But I agree; this isn’t the landmark thing we wanted. And the Drakes will ask if we’ve been watching them. Which we have. I vote not to send.”
“Me as well. Let’s observe until we have something worth more. If the information leaks, the Antinium will stop using the orbs, Feor. And the Drakes have loose lips.”
The half-Elf Archmage sighed, but he had been overruled in this new vote. The three turned away from the painting and their followers backed up.
“Very well. Onto more pressing matters, then. This issue of the Golden Triangle.”
The three Archmages paused. Naili sighed.
“The Elusive Lot have been up to their tricks. I hear word’s spreading from Pallass. Grand Strategist Chaldion is crying the alarm. We can’t pretend ignorance. It’s time to act.”
“Who?”
Viltach just looked blank. He sighed.
“A high-ranking Drake? It would have been easier to let the Golden Triangle bleed some of the more objectionable idiots dry.”
“It’s going to destabilize the economy, Viltach. I was hoping the King of Destruction would get onto it—but I think the Ullsinoi objected.”
“Those idiots. We need to put a leash on them.”
He looked around for support, but Feor waved an ambivalent hand. Naili shook her head.
“You do it with the Council’s vote. I’m not having them causing actual trouble. We need to jump on this, Viltach. Feor?”
“Agreed. It’s caused enough trouble.”
The two Archmages turned to Blackmage as Viltach gritted his teeth. Two non-Humans versus one Human. He had been talking about summoning the other Archmages—probably to win more of these votes, Aaron guessed.
But Feor was now fixing Aaron with a silvery gaze and the young man gulped. Feor had not been pleased by his defection. Still, his voice was level.
“Aaron Vanwell. Are you sure this is a fraud attempt by a fellow Earther? Our agents have investigated, and there is no evidence these adventurer teams exist. Ullsinoi is sure, but we must be absolutely sure when we speak as Wistram Academy.”
“I’m—I’m sure, Archmage Feor. Elena, all the others agree. It’s a pyramid scheme. It’s one of us doing it. Probably. I’d put money on it.”
“Better that than this scheme. You heard him, Feor. Today?”
The half-Elf passed a hand over his face. He sighed, wearily.
“Today. Let us contact…Sir Relz and Noass.”
“Noass. Heh.”
The two Archmages looked at Nailihuaile. And like that, they were done with Aaron. Beatrice took him away as they turned to discussing Jecrass.
“King Raelt will fall. The question is: do we rescue him or let him fight to the last? Does Chandrar need martyrs?”
“Flos has killed hundreds of martyrs. I vote we try to help…”
 
—-
 
The Archmages were like that. Schemers. Even if it was cheerfully like Naili—they made decisions that impacted the world. The very definition of the Illuminati, really. Aaron wanted to believe they weren’t evil people.
But that wasn’t the point, was it? What Elena hated was the idea of anyone having that kind of power.
This world was made of levels and classes, though. One person having more power was how this world worked. You had to remember that. And if you had no power?
The Fourth Archmage of Wistram sat in a cell. Her arms and legs were bound in a type of magical straightjacket. Chains had been attached to her legs and body, and the bars on her cell were almost unnecessary.
But they were still there, and the two [Mages] guarding Archmage Amerys at every moment were not happy to let Aaron talk with her.
“Cognita insists.”
