7.29 B
Page 25
Telim explained it to Aaron the next day. He was having a rather large breakfast. Elena was speaking to a [Gravitationist], a [Mage] interested in testing her solar theories.
“Rather wonderful, these. What do you call them?”
“Nasi goreng. That’s the rice stuff. And the—uh—quesadilla stuff is aloo paratha.”
The man glanced down at what Aaron described as ‘quesadillas’. Which nearly made the Punjabi [Cook] throw down with him at that very second. It was actually a flatbread stuffed with a spicy potato interior, served with pickle, butter, yogurt—
“Mmf. It is tasty. Very…Chandrarian, one feels. They like these flatbreads.”
Telim was stuffing himself. He ate well; the buffets served to the [Mages] had no limits and Wistram Academy paid for the best foodstuffs. Aaron himself felt full.
“Uh, High Mage Telim, so as I was saying—you really haven’t left Wistram? Ever?”
The big [Mage] waved one hand lazily. He floated some more of the rice over and arranged it on his plate. A spoon rose and he let it feed him while talking.
“I visited First Landing and a few other cities over the years. But I’ve been a Wistram-[Mage] all my life. I was from Baleros, you know. My family sent me here and, well, once I graduated, I spent a year working at a Mage’s Guild on a port city in Terandria. Hated it. I came back here and never left again.”
“Why? Didn’t you want to explore?”
The man nearly sprayed rice over Aaron.
“Explore? My dear Blackmage, the world is a dangerous place! As if young Sidney didn’t know that…how is she, by the way?”
“Good. The sleeping tonic really helped. And the calming one. She actually didn’t take her light wand with her this morning.”
Although then she’d panicked and ran back to get it. But Telim’s smile was enough to justify the white lie.
“Good. That’s good. And as to answer your question, young man—I had dreams, of course! I wanted to be an adventurer. But—I was mugged while working at the Mage’s Guild. Jumped. I didn’t have a protection spell on and someone cracked me over the head and left me for dead. And my bed was never as comfortable as it was here. I also earned far less money since I had to spend on food, lodging, travel…”
He heaved a huge sigh.
“No, it wasn’t for me. Now, tourism I can get behind. But Wistram is much safer than the outside world. Food is practically free, and I can earn a comfortable living without needing to constantly work or send [Message] spells all day like some kind of cast-mule.”
He shuddered. Aaron looked at him curiously.
To his understanding, Telim was essentially the equivalent of a…college professor with tenure, to use an example from the American school system. He was an established [Mage] with a lot of connections and a place on Wistram’s Council. He was active politically, but Aaron didn’t see how he was allowed to stay here.
“Does Wistram allow any [Mage] to just…stay, High Mage Telim?”
“Goodness no! We’re rather strict about it, to be honest. I had to work hard to earn my place. But now I’ve done that…I can coast, if I’m honest. I’m a [High Mage]—that’s a generalist, to you—and I do some enchanting work. The academy is happy if I produce five Speak-Quills per month. See?”
He proffered the magical quill he made and gave to Wistram to earn his keep. Aaron glanced at it.
“What does it do?”
“Place it on the table—here. And see.”
Telim’s eyes twinkled. Aaron did that. He saw the quill balance, perfectly upright on the table. Sa’la moved her plates out of the way with a sigh.
“Um, High Mage Telim, I don’t see—”
