7.29 B
Page 33
A ship was out of the question. It was too hard to work on a secret project of that magnitude. Aaron had spirited away a few of the batteries, made a copy of the shock-glove that could emit a lot of electricity. Yet—he couldn’t envision a scenario where he defeated an Archmage.
“Let’s talk about news. Uh—there was this thing in therapy…”
He told her the story of High Mage Telim. That did make Amerys smile.
“That fat buffoon? He has a kind heart. He’s like you.”
Aaron didn’t appreciate the comparison.
“Is he…he’s a [High Mage], though, right?”
“A generalist. He’s not bad. But lazy. He is a genius when it comes to the minutiae of spells. Making the speech-quills was his great achievement. Some exist, but he reinvented them. Imagine how difficult that is. Each word you speak is transcribed. Each letter. That is his genius, in those small things. Not in casting lightning bolts.”
Blackmage nodded slowly. He saw Amerys trying to scratch at something on her chin. Then she gave up.
“Ah. Another crop of students comes for the summer. Months pass and I am slowly going insane. I may bite my tongue of frustration.”
She sat there, seething, but helpless. Aaron looked at her.
“You’ll never accept Naili’s offer? Or the others?”
The Archmage of Lightning laughed. Kindly, this time. She shook her head at him.
“Have you—no, boy. You’ve never met someone you really respect, have you? Someone worth dying for? That is my [King]. I will wait. And should it take him razing Wistram stone by stone to free me, he will do so. Or die. And if he dies—I will be Wistram’s pet. But those are the only options for me.”
She looked somberly at Aaron, ignoring the uncomfortable [Mages] listening in. He nodded.
“But it might take years.”
“It might. And I might crack in half before he arrives. But I do not think so. Live or die—Flos Reimarch, my King of Reim is coming. I am a poor damsel in distress, boy. But I can wait. And do you know why?”
Blackmage shook his head. Amerys leaned forwards and her eyes glittered.
“I take heart and cling to sanity in my cell because my king shares one trait with me. He is not a patient man.”
She laughed, softly. Then Amerys told Aaron how to convert electricity into a weaker form, to bind it. And bid him go until next time. He left, a bit worried that of all the Archmages…he might like her the most. She was always honest with him.
And she was also a bit of a jerk. Next time he’d borrow a laptop and show her a movie.
 
—-
 
Later that day, Aaron Vanwell wrote a letter to Joseph. It took him six tries. Not because he was particularly bad or fussy over the letter. It was just that he wasn’t the one fussing.
“Dear Joseph—”
“Do you think maybe that’s too formal? What about ‘Hey Joseph!’.”
The young man slowly crossed out the top line and wrote again.
“Hey, Joseph—”
“Wait, no, that was just a suggestion. I’m just tossing them out there. Don’t take all of mine at once!”
Nailihuaile saw Aaron look up with a pained expression. She hesitated.
“…Let me get you a magical quill.”
But even with dictation she fussed over his letter to Joseph. Aaron would’ve just said ‘hey Joseph, I’m from Wistram. You’re clearly from Earth. Come on over; there’s free food. Bring your soccer ball.’
That worked for him, but Nailihuaile wanted a crafted letter to convince Joseph to leave the Ullsinoi faction—whom she was convinced were sheltering him at Liscor—and come to the Revivalists.
