7.29 B
Page 15
“I don’t need one. That poor girl needs one. Every damn child in that room needs one. Come with me.”
The [High Mage] snapped his fingers. He swung the door closed and marched off. Aaron blinked and followed him.
Telim was a good spellcaster; he cast [Haste] to make up for his ambling pace. So even at a slow walk, Aaron had to jog to keep up.
“Where are we going?”
“My faction. I know an [Alchemist]—no, on second thought, there’s an [Apothecary] who owes me a favor.”
The difference was, apparently, that one did more medicinal brews. Telim navigated Wistram’s twisting, sometimes changing corridors with ease, cursing when he realized the route had changed and easily circumnavigating the area. He knew dozens of people who called out to him.
“Not now, Sa’la. It’s this terrible thing—I don’t have time to teach anyone spells! Begone! Shoo! No drinking! You—students! Out of the way!”
The fat man bulled past a group of 4th years. He was a Libertarian, Aaron remembered. Part of Viltach’s Human-centric faction. But the Selphid, Sa’la, fell into step with Telim.
“What’s the matter, Telim? I haven’t seen you moving like this since you heard about chocolate. Hello, Blackmage.”
“I’m looking for Vhedel, Sa’la. Any idea where he is…?”
“Hmm…his rooms?”
Telim cursed at her. The Selphid grinned; she was wearing a dead woman’s face. But Selphids were always changing.
“Vhedel! Vhedel, get your hemp ass out here you waste of space! Or I’ll confiscate all your damn dreamleaf from the gardens, see if I don’t!”
Telim shouted. What he wanted from the grumpy Hemp Stitch-[Mage] was in fact, an entire armful of vials. Vhedel protested, and Telim nearly shoved his finger up the Stitch-Man’s nose.
“I’ll pay you back. It’s not even as if it’s that expensive.”
“It’s a shipment—”
“It’s for the Earthlings. Clear it with Viltach. Now, Sa’la, give me a hand with these.”
“Use your bag of holding. Oh, wait—you stuffed it to the brim with food, didn’t you? Fine. Mister Aaron?”
The Selphid woman sighed. She and Aaron followed Telim back the way they’d come. The man was sorting through the vials. As they reached the beach door, Aaron finally caught his breath—he’d been moving without any speed-spells so his sides hurt—and asked.
“What’s all this, Mage Telim?”
The man gave him an incredulous look. He bulled into the beach.
“Excuse me! This is private—”
Elena shot to her feet with Malia. Some of the other Earthers looked frightened. But Telim just approached Sidney.
“Hello, young woman. I—I couldn’t help but hear your story. On behalf of Wistram, I am terribly sorry for your loss. But you are safe here. Stick to your faction’s hallways and you shall never come to harm.”
She tried to hide behind Elena. The [Beautician] scowled at Telim.
“I’m sure she appreciates that. But she really doesn’t need—”
“On the contrary. I’d take it as a kindness if you added this to your drinks, Miss Elena.”
The [Mage] pulled Elena aside. He showed her one of the vials, and the blue glass’ label. Elena frowned at it. Then her eyes widened.
“A Calming Tonic?”
“Of course. Did none of you think to use one?”
Aaron slapped his forehead. Sa’la looked around, startled.
“No—there are calming potions?”
