7.29 B
Page 22
“We’re all coming from different times. The question is—why is time different? Late, late 2016 is Aaron. Everyone else comes from later in time. That means whatever began grabbing us started in 2016. Listen everyone, we don’t have long until our factions come looking for us. We have to accept that it’s now around 2019 in our world. Earth.”
Elena raised her voice over the other’s voices. Aaron heard panic, and felt it too. Time was passing.
“Prove it! At least—prove it, Erik! You can say you were in 2018, but do you have any proof?”
The young man from Germany nodded. He looked at Elena.
“I—I don’t know a lot of politics. Or world events. There were big things happening. But this is my best proof. You all listen to pop, yeah?”
“Eh.”
Some of the others shook their heads. A few looked disgusted, but most had listened to popular songs. Erik nodded. He tapped on his tablet.
“This song came out in 2019. It was very popular. If you were around then—you would have heard it. Listen—”
The song began to play. Aaron heard a guitar strumming. A voice singing. He started.
Old Town Road. And he was certain, certain he hadn’t heard that song before. Why? Because he liked this music and he would have had it on his iPhone if it had existed. This was a new song.
Of course, that wasn’t proof. The others demanded to hear new songs. Erik’s playlist was incomplete; he only had songs he liked. But he played another one that someone recognized. Another new song. Then Taylor Swift’s new music came from Haley’s iPhone.
“I still don’t believe it. Do you have anything from Imagine Dragons? Really? Play it!”
Julian demanded. At some point it just became the other Earthers sharing their favorite songs. More than one began demanding a copy of the new songs.
“Anyone got a dongle?”
“A what? Hey, who has a computer?”
“I think George has one. I’ll borrow it and sync everything up.”
The others were talking when Aaron raised his wand. The tip flashed brightly and everyone looked at him.
“Let’s copy music later, everyone. The point is that time is fucked. But that’s not all. Elena?”
“Yeah. We’ve discovered a number of things about this world.”
The young woman inhaled. She was saving the worst for last. This meeting in privacy, in this blank, off-green room was secret from every faction. Aaron had…found it. Or rather, he’d known it was here and told no one. Not even Nailihuaile. Even the tracking spells would fail to follow them here.
It was where he’d hidden a number of artifacts. The floor pulled up. But even Elena didn’t know that. Aaron shifted, deliberately not looking at the place where the invisible latch it had taken him six hours to find was. It was the size of your pinkie and he’d never found it otherwise. Even magic couldn’t detect it.
But he’d been told it was there.
“Listen up. This world is strange. I’ve been working with Andrea and George and a few others. And the [Mages] might not believe—but their world defies normal physics. For one thing, we’ve measured as best we can and we think this world is three times as large as Earth.”
More murmurs. But this was a sharing of information. Elena waved a hand as she produced a map. The ends of the world were clearly marked and she scowled at it.
“Something is wrong with this world. Gravity should be crushing us if this world really is larger than Earth. Or just the people from Earth. But it doesn’t. That means…gravity is being affected by magic? This world isn’t larger than Earth?”
“It’s hollow. Think sci-fi.”
That came from Jacques. Another person raised his hand.
“劳驾—”
“Sorry, Shun.”
