7.29 B
Page 16
“There are potions for everyone. These are decent. Put a few drops in each glass. More if need be. Adventurers and former [Soldiers] use them all the time. You can even mix them—the [Apothecary] I got them from is careful to make his medicines complimentary—with sleeping draughts. For someone small, one drop puts them right out, in warm liquid. No milk. Never milk. I use three drops myself, but I’m a bigger sort and a [Mage]…”
He shoved the vials into Elena and Malia’s arms. Startled, Elena looked at Telim.
“I—thank you.”
“It’s nothing.”
The [High Mage] looked at Sidney with misty eyes. Instantly, Malia opened one of the vials.
“Sidney? Try a drop of this. It’s just a potion. Magic.”
The others were wary as she went around. But they had seen Harry Potter. And Elena had told Sidney this was like Hogwarts. So—as the girl who had been weeping drank the lemonade, her sobbing calmed. Some of the others looked at their mugs. And relief passed across their faces. Basil, rings under his eyes, asked for something different. Malia put two drops of the sleeping draught in his drink.
The young man from Bulgaria downed his cup. He massaged at the circles under his eyes—then he lay back in the sand and fell asleep.
 
—-
 
“That should do for now. Ask for Vhedel; he can supply the rest. Your faction leaders should provide once they understand the need.”
A few minutes later, Telim was speaking to Elena and Aaron outside the room. Sa’la was listening and swearing as someone else recounted their tale.
But—Elena just looked at him. A frown crossed her face.
“Are there any side effects, High Mage? I’m grateful, but—will the others grow addicted to the drinks?”
“Addicted? Only in the sense that it helps. They might need higher dosages if they keep imbibing; tolerances. But why would I give them something addictive?”
Telim looked deeply offended by the suggestion. Elena blinked.
“I—no, I was just asking. Thank you, again.”
“It was…purely necessary. I had no idea, Miss Elena. I will speak to you at another time?”
The [High Mage] shook his head and cast one glance into the beach room as Elena nodded. Then he turned to Aaron.
“My sympathies, young man. Our world is not always kind. I forget that.”
He patted Aaron on the shoulder, leaving a bit of dried puke, and walked off. Aaron stared after Telim’s back.
“I thought that was a plot.”
Elena muttered. She looked at Aaron. He just shook his head.
“He was crying. And he threw up.”
“No. From hearing Sidney’s story?”
“Yep. Over there.”
It was still on the floor. A Golem was sweeping it up. Elena shook her head.
“I’m an idiot for not thinking of potions. I guess you just think there’s only healing potions and mana potions—those were the only real ones I used when I was back with Cara…”
She broke off, looking at Aaron. He hesitated. Elena was tight-lipped about her time with the [Popstar] of Terandria even with the other Earthers. She didn’t…trust him entirely.
Which was fair. Aaron shoved his hands into his pockets. He didn’t like mage’s robes, no matter how cool they looked. He kept tripping.
“Cara’s refused to send more of the Earthers. The Archmages keep trying to get me to get her to send them. They’re talking about sending—help.”
Elena pursed her lips.
“She’s not going to like that. Don’t get me wrong, Aaron. Blackmage. Cara was grateful for all the help you gave her.”
