7.29 B
Page 39
Ahead of him, he heard chattering bones. Skeletal figures moved down the hallway, peeking at him with glowing eyes. He turned, hearing more movement. They were flanking him. Blackmage raised his wand—
Telim attacked the darkness.
“[Lightning Bolt]! Oho!”
He shot a blast of crackling lightning past Aaron’s shoulder. The young man dove.
“Holy fuck!”
The blast of lighting knocked a group of skeletons to pieces. The impact and searing ozone left a stench in the air as Aaron scrambled to his feet.
“To arms! The undead are attacking!”
Telim shot [Light Arrows] at the zombies and skeletons racing at them. Aaron turned, pointed his glove, and focused.
“Unleash—”
The entire battery discharged as his metal glove rose. The lightning arced forwards as he willed it and hit the undead horde.
The spell was real. The monsters illusory. There was a momentary flicker as the spell tried to keep up, and then the undead exploded.
“I say! That’s a great spell! Just, er, don’t hit me with it! From the left!”
Telim, puffing, aimed his wand left. More undead coming down the corridor. Leaping Ghouls. His [Fireball] blew them to bits. Aaron laughed with adrenaline. He turned, wand ready—
A skeletal thing dropped off the ceiling. It landed on Aaron and he got one chance to scream. Telim whirled, as the thing reached down and bit—
“Out! Aaron’s dead!”
The illusion froze for a moment. Aaron, flailing wildly, looked around and saw Saif, Galei in his Centaur form, and Mage Yerzhen and two more of the Elusive Lot waving at him. Shamefaced, he crawled away as Telim puffed.
“Do I—do I go after it resumes?”
“Yup! Starting in five, four, three…”
The illusion resumed. Telim blasted the bone-thing away and whirled. He did pretty well. As the audience watched from the viewing platforms, the [High Mage] proceeded to blast undead around. Of course, they were illusions, but programmed with a bit of weight behind them. Spells passed through, but they were programmed to simulate the hits.
Telim had done that. He really did have the minutiae down. The Elusive Lot had come up with the spells.
“We’ll have to work on permanent versions. Old Telim’s really letting them have it. I didn’t know he knew that many combat spells.”
Galei chortled as he ate popcorn and watched. Yerzhen nodded. He grinned.
“Uh oh! There comes the Bone Giant! And the Ghouls. He doesn’t see them. I think—out!”
The Ghouls got Telim as he tried to blast the Bone Giant in the boss room. The [Mage] was sweating liberally and panting, but he looked ecstatic.
“What a scenario! I say! Can we go again?”
As the illusions faded, Aaron eyed the skirmish room. Telim’s spells had blasted around the room.
“…I think we need to talk about protective gear to avoid friendly fire, High Mage. And reinforcing the walls?”
The man looked abashed. But he was as excited as Saif and Blackmage.
“Hey, can we make my gun work on the simulation?”
“Shouldn’t be too hard. The illusions are just registering hits. If we tweak the spell—it’s like hit points, Saif. Only they take into account the intensity. But we can probably make a ‘fake version’ and give people wands that simulate spells.”
“And the real adventurers can even fight monsters. Imagine it! Practice fighting Crelers! Or—or live out a dungeon experience! Dead gods, but the nobility will pay for these entertainments!”
Telim mopped at his brow. The Elusive Lot were nodding.
“I see money in this.”
