7.29 B
Page 3
“If you stand on a cliff, you can see farther than you can on the ground into the distance.”
“Yes, because you’re standing on a cliff.”
A Selphid snorted. The others tittered and Elena glared. They fell silent as she tried to explain.
“No! If the world were flat, it wouldn’t work like that. You’d be able to see the same distance because without curvature…”
“Nonsense! That’s not how it works! Height is height. That’s why we see further. Your logic is all wrong!”
A Garuda called out, his feathers ruffled. Elena pointed at him.
“Shut up! Didn’t you hear me talk about gravity? You know that part is correct!”
“She’s right there. Gravity comes from all objects. Mass is gravity.”
A Centaur frowned thoughtfully. The Garuda glared at him.,
“Maybe about that. But how does this Human explain the end of the world?”
“By saying it’s not the end of the world!”
Elena shot back. The Garuda just shook his head and turned around.
“You have not looked upon the abyss that lies at the end of the sea, Miss Elena. Nor seen The Last Tide, rushing into oblivion. That is the end of all things. So long as that exists, I could never believe the earth is round.”
“Maybe it’s just a deep hole? Look, you can’t have a flat earth. Or else we’d all—how would gravity work? Surely we’d be able to tunnel into the other side and fall! None of those things exist. Listen—”
Elena wavered. But she had lost her audience. Most left the room set up for her lecture, shaking their heads. A few remained, asking pointed and interested questions.
A few believed. The Centaur who knew about gravity, a Lizardgirl who couldn’t have been more than fourteen but who was definitely an accredited [Mage], a frowning group of half-Elves who were part of the Centrists—all asked about more proofs of Elena’s world.
“We have satellites orbiting our world. They hang in space. Space is devoid of gravity—or rather, we are outside of the Earth’s pull and atmosphere so the effect is barely noticeable. It is possible to leave this world and we would see it as round. However, the ability to do that is…difficult.”
“Exceedingly so. Even a [Flight] spell sees the [Mages] fall out of the sky, suffocate, or simply find themselves unable to fly higher.”
“Ah! That’s because of atmosphere. You see, it thins?”
Elena brightened up as Aaron fidgeted. The remaining [Mages], less than a dozen, quizzed the young woman.
“But why is the [Flight] spell unable to go higher? It is magical, not limited by atmosphere.”
“I…don’t know. Maybe magic only works in the atmosphere? Or the flight spell needs air?”
The [Mages] muttered. Three more left, shaking their heads. Elena kept talking to the others. But her lecture only lasted twelve more minutes.
Aaron was helping himself to some beef wellington, or Wistram’s version of it, which was an appetizer if you could believe it or not. There were also chips and dip, any number of cheeses—
Wistram did not mess about when it came to food. Aaron felt certain he’d gained weight. But casting spells also helped him shed calories like no one’s business so it evened out. He saw Elena stalking towards him, her presentation done.
“Oh my god. I want to kill them all.”
She muttered at Aaron and grabbed an entire bowl of guacamole and fried chips. He glanced sideways at her as Elena ate savagely.
“I thought it was good—”
