7.29 B
Page 31
Beatrice told them, and that was that. They had orders not to let anyone but an Archmage see Amerys. Her captivity was a secret in Wistram. Some of the highest-ranking [Mages] knew, but the public did not.
She sat there, eyes burning, gagged as well. That was new.
“Why’s she gagged?”
“She bit the fingers off one of the [Mages] serving her food. You want to speak to her? You have to remove the gag. She’s tied up even more now. But watch out.”
The half-Elf grimaced. Aaron stared at her.
Then, with great trepidation, he approached Amerys. She stared up at him. Her mouth was bound, but he thought she was smiling.
“Archmage? I’m going to remove your gag. Please don’t bite me.”
She made no move. Slowly, Blackmage untied the gag around her mouth. He saw the Archmage move—
Amerys’ teeth snapped together and the young man fell onto his back, scrambling away with a shout. The two [Mages] raised their staffs, but the lightning-mage just laughed. And then coughed.
She hadn’t really gone for his fingers. But as Blackmage had observed—Archmage Amerys was sort of a jerk.
“Talk to me, boy.”
That was all she said. The Archmage of Chandrar coughed as Aaron slowly approached. One of the [Mages] motioned.
“She can have water. But don’t let her drink out of anything but this.”
A wood straw in a wood cup. Aaron eyed Amerys. She grinned at him.
“Lightning runs in my body. I would have killed Viltach if this room wasn’t shockproof. I spat water at him.”
He shuddered. Amerys was dangerous. Unlike Viltach, or Feor, who were more academics, Amerys had gained her levels from war. Even Nailihuaile didn’t compare. He slowly offered her the cup.
“Please don’t spit.”
She drank from the straw, coughed again.
“Don’t worry, boy. I’m not interested in your life. I wouldn’t have anyone else to talk to, anyways. Cognita lets me summon you. Not the others.”
“I think the Archmages wouldn’t like that.”
Elena would love to talk to Amerys, but Feor would flip. Amerys nodded, grinning. Her skin was dark; she was native Chandrarian, and her eyes seemed to sparkle even in her magical cuffs.
“I know. But what does Cognita want, hm? That’s the only question that matters.”
The two [Mages] and Beatrice all shifted uncomfortably. Aaron looked at Amerys.
“Are you…doing well?”
She sighed. And some of the edge faded from her tone. She sat back, more comfortably, and spoke to Aaron as he served her some of the food. It wasn’t dried bread and nothing else; it was this morning’s rice. Wistram wasn’t monstrous. The bindings were mostly because Amerys kept attacking her captors.
“I haven’t gone crazy yet, bratling. And I could leave here at any time. If I renounce my lord, turn my back on Reim, and swear in blood to serve only the academy.”
Her tone made it clear she’d rather go crazy first. Aaron sat there.
“My name’s Aaron Vanwell.”
“Sure.”
She stared at him. The young man felt annoyed. He’d told her every visit and she refused to even remember it.
“I don’t have to come here. Is politeness dead on Chandrar?”
The lightning mage laughed at him. Her eyes focused on him, and the pupils were unnervingly intense.
“You want me to remember your name, boy? Earn that right. You’re a child who hasn’t seen war. You don’t know what the world outside of Wistram is. Tell me—have your comrades told you what they endured to get here? Feor tells me there are more, every week now.”
Aaron hesitated. The memory of Basil, Sidney’s stories flashed across his face. And Amerys saw.
“That’s right. They know what death and glory look like. You’re just a child.”
“I don’t have to take this.”
