7.29 B
Page 32
Blackmage stood up hotly. Amerys laughed as he stormed towards the cell’s opening.
“I’m the only Archmage in Wistram who tells you the truth! Run away if you’re craven! But you’ll be back!”
She was right. They made him go back to put her gag back on. Aaron stomped into the cell and glared at her.
“You could make these chats more pleasant, you know.”
She shrugged awkwardly. Amerys’ voice became contemplative.
“I could try. But even before I was a captive, no one ever called me ‘kind’. My lord said that I oft reminded him of a cactus that spat needles. Have you ever seen one?”
“No. It sounds horrible.”
“I rather liked the compliment.”
Her voice was wistful. She shook her head slightly.
“Anyways, I often clashed with Orthenon. He is as stubborn as a goat. Or Gazi. Mars I got on fine with. Drevish I liked. Ah, but to be with the Seven. Or however many remain. I hear Drevish was killed.”
She spoke of the King’s Seven. Of Chandrar. And she often asked him for news. Aaron sat with Amerys as she rambled.
“I hear he rides against Jecrass, my [King] of war. He needs me, you know.”
“Really?”
“Oh yes. Parasol Stroll marches with them and he has stolen a [Grand Mage] of Belchan. All well and good, but I am his hammer of magecraft. Without me, his armies suffer. I am the most destructive of the Seven in combat. The most fragile as well. But we are all needed. Without Drevish, no grand cities shall be built, no walls to break his foes. Without Tottenval, how will Reim feed its armies? And Queravia…her genius would have felled Jecrass two weeks hence!”
She sighed. And stared at Aaron.
“Will you set me free?”
The woman mouthed that. Aaron stared at her. He half-shook his head.
She asked. Of course she asked. And he was certain that Feor, Naili, Beatrice and everyone else watched him like a hawk. Even if he had his shock-glove, he doubted he could have freed her anyways. The magical bindings were beyond powerful. You couldn’t sever them with power tools.
“I’m sorry, Archmage Amerys. I…thank you for helping me with the batteries.”
“It was my pleasure. I am bored to death, here. Do your lightning-machines run on it?”
“I’m actually trying. But I…uh…destroyed an iPhone.”
Even trying to convert the raw power of the magicore batteries Amerys had helped him make had overloaded the iPhone. Now Aaron had a lot of parts—and a very unhappy Earther. He’d been working on the sailboat by way of recompense.
“Lamont’s boat is coming along. It’ll be a magical sailboat.”
Amerys smiled. Blackmage and Naili had been working on the project for the [Sailor], who had crewed a ship before being found. He wanted a small sailboat to sail around Wistram’s safe harbors—but with a twist. Magical wind would blow into the sail forever. Normally you’d need an [Aeromancer] to do that, but Naili had created a spell to do it.
The only issue was powering the spell. You needed magic. So Blackmage had installed a magicore battery—the same one that powered the Shock Orb he’d given Montressa.
“A children’s toy.”
“You could go pretty far with it.”
But not cross an ocean. Aaron had seen the waves outside of Wistram Academy and they’d crush this boat if it came to a storm. Amerys nodded.
A ship enchanted with this would work. In fact, such ships existed. Many [Captains] used wind-magic like this. Blackmage wasn’t inventing the wheel…or sail as the case may be. He was just making the magical technology available for all with his battery.
