7.29 B
Page 5
A clay man. Or rather—porcelain. He had been fired and his form created to be a nondescript figure, his clothes and features given color by delicate brushes. But that had been centuries ago; his paint was flaking and faded in places.
“Here. A tip. Thank you for setting up and cleaning up. You can get rid of the paintings.”
Elena offered the servant-Golem the gold coin. It just looked at it. Slowly, it took the coin. And then bowed.
“Miss Elena, you do not need to tip the golems. They clean and perform tasks as necessary.”
Teura was distressed as well as aghast by Elena’s insistence on tipping. The young woman looked at her.
“I know I don’t have to.”
“Then—the Golems are not like us, Miss Elena. They do not have personalities. They do not level.”
The half-Elf [Mage] said it as if that decided everything. The Golem began moving chairs to one side, to sweep and clean the classroom. Not swiftly, but not slowly either, and it would continue at that pace until all the work was done. Blackmage, Aaron, edged out of its path.
Elena smiled at Teura.
“They don’t think like we do. And they don’t level. That’s true, Miss Teura. But they might one day. Or did you miss Aaron’s presentation on Artificial Intelligence?”
The half-Elf gulped. She fell silent and paled; the remaining [Mages] in the room eyed the golem and then Aaron. He looked at Elena as she spoke.
“I believe in being kind either way, Miss Teura. Besides. As I understand it, the Golems of Archmage Zelkyr rule Wistram. Not [Mages]. When that changes, I’ll stop tipping.”
She smiled at the gaping half-Elf. And then took her plate and walked out of the room. Aaron whistled softly.
Damn. Elena had no chill. But then—she was one of many people from Earth. And if Wistram thought they would all dance to their tune, they’d been sorely mistaken.
This was Wistram Academy. And if the academy held Earthers and learned from them—well, the young people were learning too.
 
—-
 
The air was hot with smoke. He crouched in amid the fumes, trying not to cough. And the enemy—was everywhere.
Flashes of light lit up the battleground. People cried out in pain, shouting instructions.
They were coming for him. The young man checked his weapon. The gun was light in his hands. He took a breath, and then twisted the ring on his finger. He left his cover and ran.
“I see someone! Invisible! The smoke! There—”
Click, click, click. With each shot, he heard a snap, a sound—impacts. Cries of pain.
“Ow!”
“Hit, hit!”
Spells flashed after him. Saif dove. He’d already known where his cover would be. The attack spells missed him, eating into the dirt. And he was already crawling.
“Let’s get him.”
“No, you—I’m out.”
“My shield’s on. Cast homing missiles!”
The spells hit the earth as the group of [Mages] debated hotly. But Saif wasn’t there. He was crawling. Ahead of him lay a huge structure with multiple areas for cover. He leapt up, grabbed the edge as he let the gun rest in the holster on his back. Pulled himself up, and then crouched.
He deactivated the invisibility ring. The [Mages] were looking around, trying to figure out if he was still in cover.
“Hey! If you’re hit you have to announce it!”
One of the younger [Mages] shouted. She aimed her wand at the place Saif had been and launched another volley of homing arrows. He rolled his eyes. He knew that. He was no cheater.
But this was his game, not theirs. One of the [Mages] announced.
“I see no magic aura. I think he ran.”
