7.29 B
Page 36
“Lack of interest, young man. We’re not interested in reinventing the wheel when we can fly. I admire the cause, but let me give you some advice: if you want to make something that will earn you funding, make something that appeals to us.”
He gestured at the other lazy [Mages]. And the [High Mage] lowered his voice conspiratorially.
“And then, take twice as long on the project and ask for double, triple what you need. That’s how you fund your little side-projects.”
He winked at Aaron. The young man felt like he was learning a terrible life lesson. But he took it to heart and looked at the soccer game. He had a sudden idea and his eyes lit up.
“You know, in Earth, there’s a betting system. Across the world! What if we made one—”
“Too late.”
Telim snapped his fingers, jovially. Aaron looked at him.
“What?”
“We have a system of betting. [Bookkeepers] around the world are using [Message] spells to place bets. I put eighty gold on Pallass to win at good odds. And they are letting me down!”
He roared at the screen. Aaron sighed.
“What about making a…a federation of soccer teams?”
“Isn’t that what we’re seeing?”
Telim gave Aaron a blank look. Blackmage frowned.
“…Football. I’ve got it! I’ll bring football to this world!”
“I thought that was this game.”
Sa’la leaned over. Aaron shot to his feet.
“No! American football! It’s this game with this—different ball. And you carry it—”
He was excited. Take the funding, make his other projects! Telim listened for five seconds, and then raised a hand.
“Ah. Young Basil is doing that. You mean, rugby. And someone is doing a ‘basket-ball’ game too. And hockey.”
The young [Engineer] faltered.
“They are?”
The problem with being from Earth in Wistram was that he wasn’t alone anymore. It turned out that after seeing the soccer game—every other Earther in Wistram had promptly recalled other sports. They were bringing in rugby, hockey, baseball (not knowing Liscor already had that game), ping pong from Shun’s group…curling had been suggested, but none of the factions had been interested in funding the project.
Aaron saw all his funding ideas dry up. He sat back down as Telim explained that Wistram would be disseminating the games, trial-running them in the academy and then seeding the ideas in other parts of the world.
“A noble effort, Aaron. But you have to be fast on the ball to secure funding in this academy.”
He smiled at Blackmage, not unkindly. Aaron sat there. It was just stealing from Earth, anyways. He wouldn’t have been proud of that.
“…Maybe I’ll just try copying Saif’s airsoft gun again. Then we could have matches.”
He muttered. Telim looked interested.
“That would be entertaining. You could probably get some funding for that—but you wouldn’t be able to fudge the numbers. Recreating an object is hard to lie about.”
“Darn.”
“Have some of this lovely avocado. Avocado. I thought we called them Getal fruits, Sa’la?”
“That’s what we call them in Baleros, Telim.”
“Hm. Oh well.”
Telim chewed on the avocado, lightly seasoned and warm. Delicious when spread, really. He spoke to Aaron conversationally.
“You could always approach a single magus for funding, Aaron. I’m sure some of the seafarers would like your magical boat-thing. A Drownedfolk [Mage], perhaps. I could introduce you. But I myself wouldn’t fund it. And I could put money into a project. One accumulates wealth as they rise in Wistram’s ranks over time. But I’m not much for being shot in the groin by that gun-thing.”
That was fair. Aaron sighed.
“I just want a copy. It could be fun. Or—a wand-gun. But that’s just a wand strapped to a frame.”
