7.29 B
Page 26
Um, High Mage Telim, I don’t see—the quill instantly copied down Aaron’s words in a neat scrawl. He blinked.
“That’s amazing!”
“It’s just a bit of magic. The stupid thing needs to be reset each line, but they do sell well. Last about a year—or four months if you’re using it every day. My own design on the enchantment. You see? And like that, I earned my place here.”
Telim plucked the quill up as it copied Blackmage’s words. He put the quill away dismissively. And Aaron understood.
Telim was a [Mage]. He studied, and made artifacts. But what he really was was…a resident of Wistram. He didn’t want to leave.
He was the exact opposite of someone like Archmage Nailihuaile. She had grand ambitions for Earth’s technology. She wanted to amass more power, to make Wistram more powerful. She had connections abroad.
But the sedentary Telim was actually the largest faction in Wistram, spread across the other factions. The [Mages] who thought everything was pretty good and enjoyed their life as it was. And why not? Wistram Academy ran on secrets because it didn’t lack for food, or other resources.
Loafers. Idlers. People content to live and influence the world without rocking the boat. There was something almost addictive about the idea to Aaron.
Right up until Elena leaned over.
“So, you don’t feel that there’s any need to help, say, people in a family, high Mage?”
The man turned to look at her. He raised both brows.
“Miss Elena, Wistram sends its agents to do good the world over. I myself don’t participate, but I’ve voted to intercede in any number of issues. We oppose the King of Destruction, warmongers, and all their ilk.”
“But surely this good can be spread around.”
Elena gestured at the buffet. Telim gave her a blank look.
“And it will be. But do we need to starve while that happens?”
“That’s not what I—”
Sa’la waved a fork as she ate breakfast. The Selphid smiled at Elena and gestured around the vast dining hall.
“Miss Elena, we are an academy. Our job is to study and create magic that benefits the world. We are not a nation. We don’t take sides, except against those who would just destroy. Like Flos Reimarch. But Wistram is an international institution. We can’t be biased in favor of one nation. That’s how the Council works; we come from all walks of life and only by communal vote do we act. Take Ailendamus versus the Dawn Concordat for instance…”
She went on. Wistram was international. A place without ties to any one nation. Looked at another way, ‘international’ meant that you didn’t stand for anything except yourself.
That was sometimes how Aaron felt with some of the mages. But at that moment—Beatrice, the Dullahan [Runemistress] appeared at the table.
“High Mage Telim. Aaron’s presence is requested by Archmage Nailihuaile.”
“Oh? Well, I supposed you’d better go. Give Naili my best.”
Telim waved Aaron off. The young man got up.
“What does Naili want? I’m still working on the boat…”
“Not that. She wants you immediately. It’s private.”
Beatrice never smiled. She was an important member of the Revivalists, and a secret-broker, someone who bought and sold valuable secrets. She and Montressa du Valeross had run their business when Aaron had first come here.
However. Beatrice had lost a…lover. Calvaron. Aaron didn’t know the story; Montressa hadn’t ever told him the entire thing. But the long and short was that the Dullahan hated [Necromancers] with a passion. And she was even more foul-tempered of late. She had called Montressa a traitor.
“Uh—Beatrice, where are we going?”
“The Archmage’s Wing.”
She looked at him. Aaron gulped.
 
—-
 
