7.29 B
Page 28
Other figures in the audience turned. Archmage Feor, his hair white, frowned. The half-Elf was among the oldest of Wistram’s members by far. Naili hesitated, her slitted, lizard-like eyelids flickering.
“Cognita said that? Darn. I guess Aaron will have to go. Later. It’s better than getting into an argument with Cognita. You know how she is. You’ll take him, Beatrice. I’ll send word.”
“Yes, Archmage.”
“Come here, Aaron. How are you doing? Thanks for helping with the presentations the other day, by the way. I loved Elena throwing the canvasses. And Saif made everyone so upset. I got all kinds of complaints, but if he won, he won, right? Did you have a good breakfast?”
Archmage Nailihuaile was a social being. Like many Lizardfolk, really. She chattered. Aaron answered her distractedly as he made his way to an inner circle of three.
“Yes, Archmage Naili. Uh—Saif says he’d like to keep running the simulations, but he needs more ammunition.”
“Well, we’re having it made and we can always enchant more of those canisters. Let’s do it. And it’s good practice for the idiots who think they can walk around on a battlefield!”
Naili grinned. She’d been one of the first people to test Saif’s skills and he hadn’t ever managed to hit her. The Archmage had seen actual combat.
“The question is whether these ‘battles’ would mimic reality in any meaningful way. [Mages] don’t need to dodge. Our [Barrier] spells would block bullets.”
Archmage Viltach snorted impatiently. Naili rolled her eyes as Feor made room for Blackmage. Aaron stood among three Archmages of Wistram. He was the first Earther. And as such—they often summoned him and him alone.
“Viltach, if any of the stories from Earth are true, that’s the smallest weapon they have. And most of our idiots don’t even make all-encompassing shields.”
“It wastes mana and weakens the field.”
“Well, don’t say ‘our shields can block bullets’ when Saif shoots your Libertarians in the ass.”
The Lamia smiled smugly at Viltach’s dark expression. Before he could respond, Feor cleared his throat.
“Simulations of higher-grade weapons are unavailable as well, Viltach, Nailihuaile. Let us just take this as a lesson that our [Battlemages] need more practice on the actual battlefield. These…simulations provide entertainment, if nothing else.”
“In that we are agreed. Lend Saif to my faction, Nailihuaile.”
“Bite me, Viltach. Give us Eun for two days and I’ll give you Saif for one game.”
“That is not equitable—”
“Saif’s got his games. What have your Earthers come up with?”
“Archmages.”
The two bickering Archmages fell silent as Feor’s eyes flashed. The half-Elf’s presence was stronger than both Viltach and Naili’s. Even Aaron could tell that. Although Naili had her staff, which equalized any matchup.
And the Archmages did fight. Not often, but it had happened. Aaron had heard that when the three confronted Amerys she had called down a storm of lightning bolts across Wistram’s exterior. And that had just been the opening salvo.
But the three were united, at least in this. Feor gestured at the paintings.
“Aaron Vanwell. Good morning. Do you know what these pictures are?”
Aaron stared up at the images of the Antinium.
“…The interiors of the Hives?”
The Human Archmage folded his arms in distaste. He shook his head, repulsed by the image of the gigantic Queens.
“Yes. All six of them. They are viewing the Wistram…television.”
He pronounced the words awkwardly. Naili smiled.
“WNN. Wistram News Network!”
“I thought we agreed to call it World Wide News.”
