7.30
Page 7
“Oh—there was just this thing with Venim. I was putting up posters and making the waiting room in Pallass livable, Numbtongue. But I think I made a mistake…”
Erin gave Numbtongue an abbreviated version of the events. He didn’t see the problem. So one Drake had an issue since he couldn’t see his daughter all day. So what?
And yet, he saw it the other way too. The [Bard] scowled as Erin sighed.
“I feel bad. I should do something nice for Venim.”
“You don’t have to.”
There was a pause as Erin blinked and then looked over. The [Innkeeper] gave Numbtongue a blank look.
“Of course not. But I should, right?”
“…Mm.”
He nodded. That was what Numbtongue loved about Erin. ‘Should’ and ‘must’ were sometimes the same for her. The Hobgoblin looked around.
“Good cookies. Got any acid-fly ones?”
“For you, Numbtongue? I can’t believe you eat them!”
Erin smiled, looking amused. The Hobgoblin shook his head.
“For Yellow Splatters.”
“Oh! No—I’m going to make a special batch. Don’t worry, there’ll be plenty of cookies.”
The Hobgoblin nodded, content with that. He sat back, eating a third cookie as Erin looked ahead.
“Well, I guess that’s that. Hey—are you eating all my cookies?”
“Can’t I?”
“No! They’re for Lyonette! Argh! How many did you eat?”
Eight. Well, five were already in Numbtongue’s belt pouch for later. Dismayed, Erin stared at her plundered cookie tray. She narrowed her eyes and poked the Goblin back.
“You’re going to get fat, Numbtongue.”
“Good.”
That sufficiently stumped Erin enough for Numbtongue to liberate two more cookies. Mrsha-treats. She rescued her cookie tray and returned to the common room in time to see Numbtongue fetching something from behind the bar. He carried it out of the common room and down the hallway. Into one of the private rooms. Erin followed him. She peeked into the open doorway and saw what the Hobgoblin had retrieved.
A laptop. The Hobgoblin opened the lid, saw the computer was in ‘sleep’ mode, and casually waited for it to boot up. He entered Kevin’s password, and began to use the touchpad to click around the screen. Erin stared.
Numbtongue began playing an FPS game—Halo CE. The computer began emitting sounds of combat and battle and he did fairly well for someone playing on a touchpad and computer keys. Erin kept staring.
“Um. Numbtongue.”
“Hm?”
The adaptability of Goblins knew no limits. In a few days, Numbtongue had mastered the computer enough to alt-tab out of the game and look at Erin. She pointed weakly at the computer.
“Uh—uh—Kevin showed you how to use the computer, huh?”
“Mhm. Fun. Want to watch a movie?”
Kevin had only a few more movies left unwatched and movie night was a huge thing. Everyone in the inner group of the inn would drop anything to watch a movie—even if the Earthworlders had seen the movie a thousand times before. But the laptop had more value for those not from Earth.
For instance—Numbtongue was now obsessed with the video game that even Galina and Imani had beaten three times. Each. The electronics Ryoka had brought back to the inn had been used for months by the seven Earthers—to the point where Rose could lip-sync every rap song and Leon had beaten Solitaire a hundred times. They had explored the limits of the laptop, tablets, and iPhones.
But the others? Erin had already initiated a one-hour limit for Mrsha to play with the electronics. Numbtongue had no such restrictions. And with Palt, Montressa, and Beza all able to cast [Repair], battery life was only an issue if Numbtongue wanted to recharge the laptop after a late-night gaming session.
“You really like this, huh?”
“Mhm.”
