7.30
Page 3
“These have white chocolate on them. I mean—it’s not really chocolate. But we’re rationing the actual stuff, so Lasica and Rose helped me make them. Another third is oatmeal, and the last bunch is just raisin. I mean—someone has to eat raisins. Stands to reason.”
The young woman confessed as she waved the sprinkled cookies at the [Guards]. They stared at the cookies. Then they saw another tray being passed through.
“Ooh, thanks, Ishkr. Put them down there? Hey, Kel. Where do I…?”
A second tray of salsa and chips was brought in by Ishkr. The Gnoll blinked around the room, put down the tray on a table, and Erin thanked him. The [Guards] hesitated. This was a new crew. They eyed Kel. The [Sergeant] paused.
“…We’ll collect the food.”
“Great! You need drinks?”
“We’re not allowed to drink on duty, Miss Solstice.”
“Right. Blue fruit juice?”
“We’re…fine. Thank you, Miss Solstice. About the posters—”
“Can’t hear you, Kel! Gotta go, bye!”
Erin Solstice shut the door. After a moment, the portcullis slowly rose a few feet. One of the [Guards] stared at the two trays of food. Fresh…food.
“Is this safe, Sergeant Kel?”
The Drake sat back in his armchair. Which, the patrol of [Guards] who’d been dreading their assignment to the 8th floor now realized—looked mighty comfy. The Drake sighed. And looked around.
“Send a Street Runner to Watch Captain Quissa. About the decorations. In…ten minutes.”
“Not now?”
One of the Dullahans was slow on the uptake. Sergeant Kel nodded to the two trays of cookies and chips and dip.
“We have to take care of this first. Ten minutes gives us twenty for the Watch Captain to come over. What’s that note say?”
It was attached to the chips and salsa. It read—‘Experimenting with my salsa recipe! Let me know if it’s too spicy or not enough! The first bowl is mild, the second is spicy!’
The [Guards] stared at Kel. He helped himself to a cookie. The Garuda looked at his companions. He coughed.
“Sergeant Kel. Do you…often get these sort of interruptions?”
“Hm? Well, she tends to put stuff through the door when she inconveniences us. Let’s get rid of this. Can’t allow contraband through the door.”
The squad looked at each other. And then it clicked. A Dullahan reached for a white-chocolate cookie. A Gnoll sniffed at the salsa. And they realized why so many ‘unhappy [Guards]’ talked up the 8th floor duty as being the worst. Then subsequently volunteered to take it for a few favors. Kel looked around as he reached for some chips.
“I really hate her. Be sure to file your complaints.”
 
—-
 
That was their experience. But there was always trouble. Erin Solstice sighed as she closed the door.
“Give it like, twenty minutes, Ishkr. Warn me when an angry Watch Captain wants me?”
“Yes, Miss Erin.”
The Gnoll ducked his head as he adjusted the dial and set the magical door to Esthelm. Erin smiled. And she looked at the Gnoll for a second. Ishkr was being extra-respectful today, calling her ‘Miss Erin’. He was one of two of her longest current employees and she’d heard him call her ‘Erin’ more than once.
She encouraged it, really. Lyonette was the one who set boundaries. But perhaps—it was because he felt awkward or embarrassed or grateful. After all, he’d asked for his week’s pay in advance.
Something to do with family. Which went to show you that even someone like Ishkr had secrets. He had one, Erin was sure. He never talked about it, but he sometimes had to leave early. Or get money for…something.
