7.30
Page 31
“Kick her. Or head-butt her. That usually works. But watch out for Ressa. She was trained as an [Assassin]. Now, let’s move onto more lessons. I’m tired. I’ll keep teaching you to use your aura for a few more days. Practice makes perfect.”
Maviola yawned delicately, as if she hadn’t just flicked both girls off the hill. They’d managed to avoid being thrown in the last ten minutes of the hour-long practice, but only just. Mrsha was sitting on Maviola’s lap, having her hair combed. The [Lady] enjoyed it so much she’d groomed three beavers who were napping around her.
Erin decided she didn’t like Maviola that much. She was sort of pushy! But then—the woman smiled and Erin was reminded of the life she’d lived.
“Okay. What next?”
The [Lady] clapped her hands. Mrsha and the beavers started into wakefulness.
“Logistics!”
“Say what now?”
Erin’s face fell. Maviola grabbed her arm.
“You’re a beautifully talented young woman. But I’ve noticed you’re about as good at tackling numbers and matters of the like as this young Gnoll here. Have you even budgeted your inn? Do you know how much you’ll owe in taxes?”
“Well—we have a [Tax Collector]. He’s sort of a jerk, but he did them. And Lyonette calculates our income! Why do I have to do it? Delegation, that’s important too!”
Erin protested. Maviola stared at her.
“So you didn’t double-check the [Tax Collector]’s numbers? You have no one overseeing Lyonette’s work? Have you even tried to get better deals on say, food?”
“No. We go through Krshia—”
“Where’s your budget sheets? Your incomes and expenses?”
“Um. Lyonette?”
The [Princess] looked worried as Maviola ushered them into the inn. In short order, she produced sheets of paper. But they were just Lyonette’s notes. They weren’t dated. They had no organizational system tracking each day of the month in neat rows, like food expenses—just a total sum Lyonette roughly calculated. Maviola gave Erin a look.
“In your world, is there no such thing as bookkeeping?”
Erin blushed. Maviola looked at Lyonette.
“At least Miss Lyonette has the excuse of never having to manage a budget. [Princesses] don’t. But you’re an [Innkeeper].”
“But I never was good at math—”
“Then learn. Give me a quill. Little Mrsha, come here. You can learn this too. This is how you calculate your income.”
In short order, Maviola had drawn up a spreadsheet with neat columns and rows. Each date would have an entry and the expenses would go down on this side, and the incomes…Erin and Lyonette looked at each other.
“That’s so easy!”
“I can’t believe you don’t know how to do this. Well, I have practice. This way you can track more than just expenses. Do you know how to haggle?”
“Uh…maybe?”
“Who provides your milk? Have you shopped around for a better deal?”
“There’s this [Rancher] Gnoll…but look, we have a good relationship with him! I don’t think we need to be mean.”
Maviola rolled her eyes.
“And if he’s taking advantage of you?”
“Well, I don’t think he is. Anyways, a good deal is where everyone wins, right?”
“Hah! Wait, are you serious? Okay. How much did you pay for milk last week?”
 
—-
 
Lesson two sucked. But it did point out a few things to Erin. Namely that she could save money and that doing basic budgets wasn’t hard. It was just entering stuff into a spreadsheet. Even so—she didn’t like it.
“Money is important. My House survives on being able to balance our budget. You may have money coming in, but you can always save more. It’s quite clear to me that you’re overpaying for any number of vegetables. You buy from Liscor’s markets.”
“Yeah. So?”
