7.30
Page 12
The Drake’s head snapped up. He looked at Zevara.
“Me? But—Watch Captain—”
The female Drake silenced Relc.
“This is my decision as Watch Captain, Guardsman Relc. If you disagree—you have only but to object.”
He didn’t. The Drake hesitated, and then bowed his head.
“…I get it. Where am I going?”
“Cellidel. The city is in need of high-level [Guards]. I…was negotiating with their Watch Captain for an exchange of [Guards] already in return for material aid. This incident expedites the process. You will serve there for a number of months to be decided. Until this incident is behind you.”
Relc’s head lowered further. Zevara went on, in a strained voice.
“You may object, Sen—Guardsman Relc. It is your right.”
“…No objections, Watch Captain. Maybe it’s for the best. It’s that or resign, right?”
The Watch Captain was surprised a second time. She looked at Relc. Something about him looked—older. As he bowed to her and saluted, she was struck. He was older than her. It was just the first time he’d acted like it in their entire relationship.
“Well then, Senior Guardsman Relc. I regret to inform you that your tenure here will be over by the week’s end. You will have a few days to rest and further recuperate; I will put you on unpaid leave. You may…tender your resignation if you decide a new posting is inappropriate.”
That was hard to say. And she’d had to demote, reprimand, even fire friends. But Relc? His eyes flickered. He hesitated as he held his salute.
“—It’s just regular Guardsman Relc now, isn’t it, Watch Captain?”
Zevara smiled. Wearily. Sadly. She looked at Relc, whom she had relied on for so long without thinking about him. Her annoying, but invincible Senior Guardsman. Like Klbkch. Only—now both were gone. She shook her head.
“Senior Guardsman Relc. You are no longer a member of Liscor’s Watch. But as it happens—your rank would make you a Senior Guardsman of Cellidel. If you choose to go. The choice is yours, but I’d hate to lose a Senior Guardsman. Especially since you’d return as one.”
The Drake’s jaw opened. Zevara saluted him as she stood. Then she held out a claw.
“Good luck, Senior Guardsman. I hope you will take your new posting. It won’t be forever. It was—the best I could do.”
He hesitated. And the Drake slowly extended his claw and shook Zevara’s hand.
“I’m sorry for the trouble, Watch Captain. I’ll let you know tonight.”
“Don’t be. It wasn’t your fault. For once.”
He almost smiled at that. And then the Drake saluted. Zevara saw him turn. And the whisper ran through the Watch House. Through Liscor. The Gecko was leaving, one way or the other. She sat down and put her head in her claws.
Everything was changing.
 
—-
 
It started with a conversation over breakfast. A lesson, really.
A blue-scaled Drake munched on some exceptionally crispy bacon. Also—bread—also toasted with a bit of cheese. Even the cheese seemed burnt.
But that was a motif. A calling card. And Maviola El wasn’t actually that good at cooking. She’d never really bothered to learn. That she was trying now was a sign of…something.
Affection, probably. She was eating the same and the two were crowded around a little table.
“Donkeys.”
“Donkeys?”
She nodded. They were going over a complex logistical paper, breaking down expenses. Maviola tapped the paper and her notes.
“In your theory, you’ve got an army you’re marching. You need donkeys. All you’ve accounted for is—potions, salaries, ammunition, equipment upkeep—not donkeys.”
“Why do I need to account for that?”
Olesm stared warily at the parchment. Maviola sighed.
