7.30
Page 41
The young woman faltered. She looked at Bethal’s earnest entreaty. And thought of Ryoka.
“Um. Er…well now…Maviola did poo you.”
“I did what?”
Maviola made an outraged noise. Bethal laughed again and stood up.
“Indeed! Won’t you let me look around at least? Or even stay the night? Thomast, imagine it! We could visit this Liscor or even Pallass and be in Invrisil tomorrow for the play!”
“Perhaps, dear. If the inn has room.”
Erin looked at the large group following Bethal, but Lyonette pushed forwards.
“We do! And the third floor has the larger suites, Lady Walchaís! We’d be honored by a stay!”
“There we are then. Someone cancel our reservation at the other inn.”
Bethal clapped her hands. Erin and Lyonette blinked. But Bethal was so spontaneous. She rose, looking at Maviola.
“And are we square, Maviola?”
The two [Ladies] regarded each other challengingly. Erin felt them clashing—but invisibly. Maviola inhaled, but sighed.
“I suppose so. Quits, Bethal Walchaís?”
“Quits.”
They shook hands, smiling with their teeth. But at that moment one of the Fortress Beavers with a bunch of the kits wandered out of the kitchen. And Bethal Walchaís nearly fell out of her chair laughing again.
It was one of those days. Erin Solstice was looking at Maviola. And she asked, with very little guile—
“So is Walchaís like—a big family? I mean, I know Magnolia is from the Reinhart House and Maviola…”
She was counting two plus one Bethal. That was almost Ryoka’s goal! And here Erin hadn’t been sure if she could help! Wait till Ryoka heard about this! Bethal looked amused and pained. Lyonette and Maviola were quietly horrified.
“I’m the last of my line, actually. My entire family perished during the Second Antinium Wars.”
“I’m so sorry. Do you want a cookie?”
Madness. And at that moment, from the street outside, there was a shout. Maviola, Bethal, and Erin all turned to stare a moment before the voice. And the saw the riot.
“Magnolia Reinhart!”
Lord Ranga rode down the street, leading a furious crowd of people. The Wandering Inn saw him pointing as men and women—mostly Humans—marched. The magical door in the common room reflected the street filled with hundreds of people following one [Lord].
And he was far from the only one. The entire inn went silent. And Maviola’s adventures with Erin, her existing petty quarrel with Bethal—all of it—was replaced by this.
“What’s happening?”
Lyonette looked for Mrsha. The Gnoll was already standing by the [Garden of Sanctuary]’s door as loud, angry voices filled the inn. She held a beaver kit in her paws as the others fled through it. Lady Bethal rose.
“What is happening?”
Everyone saw the crowd moving through the street. Grabbing weapons, torches, and  beginning to march as one angry unit. Not just a protest, but a single emotion. And Erin felt her stomach sink as Maviola echoed what she already knew:
“That’s a riot.”
 
 
 
Update: I’ve cut the ending bit because I really didn’t like it. I may add in the scene in a different way or just cut it, but my conclusion was that it was too poor. If you’ve already read it…uh…forget? But editing is important! This is why we do these web serial things!
Author’s Note: Hm. I don’t know if I like this chapter. I did my best! But first-chapters back are always weird. And best laid plans all that. We went off-script but not necessarily for the world. I’m a biased perspective after finishing a chapter. I’ll let you tell me how much you enjoyed it. And of course, the second chapter makes it all different!
