7.30
Page 20
“I’ll let you know. One second. Kids—follow Kevin!”
“Hey! Ekirra, my man! High five! Low five!”
Kevin slapped Ekirra’s paws and then moved them over to one of the newly-flattened field areas. It was temporary; the spring rains would play havoc with the landscape, but Hexel had great plans. Kevin grabbed one of the balls and addressed his audience.
Rows of little Drakes, Gnolls, and even some Humans stared solemnly up at him. They were taking this—seriously. Each one was a [Kicker], or—a new class—[Dribbler]. It wasn’t as bad as it sounded to the worried parents and Kevin had explained it was actually a good class.
“We’ll practice kicking today! And maybe if we have time, we’ll play some real football, yeah?”
He grinned as Joseph turned around to glare.
“You mean, rugby.”
“Whatever you say, Joseph! You’re Mr. Soccer!”
The Spanish young man flipped Kevin off and he laughed. Kevin produced the odd, American Football ball and showed it to Ekirra. The Gnoll blinked at it.
“How do you play that, Mister Kevin?”
Some of the other adults were staring curiously too. Kevin winked at the little Gnoll.
“We’ll see after practice. It’s another fun game! Okay, make pairs! We’re practicing passing—remember, kick with the inside of the foot! Drakes especially—we don’t want any more deflated balls…”
More excitement and drama. Another sport? Kevin and Joseph hadn’t cleared it with Erin; they didn’t understand the value of tactically applied sports moments. But all eyes were on Joseph as he kicked the ball.
 
—-
 
“Miss Imani, what’s that?”
“Um. Fufu.”
Palt the Centaur stared at the round…doughy…ball that seemed ready for the oven. But it was on a plate. And apparently, done?
“Er…what is it?”
Imani ducked her head. She was nervous, but not in the same way as she usually was. You could reduce Imani to tears if you screamed loudly in her ear at night. Which was due to her understandable fear of monsters. But this was more nerves as one fan of cuisine to another.
“It’s—a starch. See? It’s cassava—well, it should be. But I found a root that’s almost as good. And flour with water…”
Well, plantain flour. Which wasn’t wheat…but Imani had been experimenting. Octavia had actually helped with that. Palt eyed the food.
He was making rice. More saffron rice that he was going to add a lovely stir-fry to. Erin didn’t know how to cook vegetables and the Centaur liked cooking.
So, apparently, did Imani. And after a few incidents where she’d run screaming away from the Centaur, she could even speak to him.
“So how do you eat it?”
“Oh…with this soup. See?”
It was a beefy side dish. Palt stared at the fufu, and the beef in the thick broth. You’d mix the two. He sniffed.
“…Peanuts?”
“Mhm. Erin asked me to make some. See?”
Imani tore off a small ball of the doughy substance and dipped it in the soup. She popped it into her mouth and ate with apparent relish.
“Mind if I have some?”
Palt waited for the nod and took a helping. He wasn’t a meat-person, but he brightened as he ate it.
“That’s rather good! Will you teach me the recipe?”
“Sure. I—”
Imani saw the furry faces staring at her as she turned, dropped the plate of fufu, and screamed. Mrsha, and the beavers fled as the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] exposed the food-thieves. Palt pointed—the dish and fufu stopped before it could land on the floor. He caught his breath and Imani covered her face.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry—”
“Mrsha!”
Palt shouted. He saw Lyonette march into the kitchen and Mrsha the Very Much in Trouble fled with her beavers into a damn dam. Which Erin had bought wood for. Imani looked at Palt and he smiled.
