7.30
Page 37
“You poor burning child. Come here.”
Maviola hugged Erin. It was embarrassing. Erin tried to pull away, but Maviola tried to hug her. People were staring. Erin flushed; it was hard to remember Maviola was so old if you looked at her. Young, radiant, beautiful—Erin envied her confidence.
The two jostled on the street, Maviola laughing, Erin ducking away. And Invrisil was abuzz. A crowd was marching through the streets, now turned against Magnolia Reinhart. At the same time—
“Lady Macbeth is being performed tonight! Tomorrow—Elisial featuring Jasi and Wesle of The Players of Celum!”
A boy-[Crier] distracted Erin and Maviola. The [Lady] looked up, sighed.
“Dead gods. But that’s something else you made, isn’t it?”
The two looked at a huge poster of Jasi, with some of the cast, drawn in noble poses on a wall as the [Crier] sold tickets. To a show three weeks later, actually.
“Tickets are sold out for tomorrow, Miss! And three weeks on! You’ll want these, though! They’re going up in price! You can resell ‘em too! Some of the profits to go to rebuilding Celum!”
The [Crier] addressed Erin and Maviola, trying to make another sale. Both were amused and he didn’t know why. He watched them trail away as they regarded the posters.
“You know, I have a private booth. Jasi keeps telling me I should go, but I don’t want the attention.”
“Can I go? I’d love to see a play. I saw them perform once. But this is so new.”
Maviola’s voice was wistful. Erin looked at her.
“Why not? I’ll ask ‘em!”
“See, they are an asset. And you don’t really leverage them? Ask for a cut of their profits? I would argue they owe you some.”
“But—but that’s so mean…”
“Mean? Erin, you have to think about money like…”
The two were arguing again. They passed by a bunch of women riding horses. And Maviola heard a voice.
“There, you see? I told you that this was the newest thing. Magnolia told me all about it. I didn’t get a chance to watch last time. But we have tickets for tomorrow’s play.”
“Milady Bethal, why tomorrow?”
A group of women was riding with the [Lady] and her escort of shockingly pink [Knights]. Bethal Walchaís laughed.
“I hear the Drake is the best [Actor]. We’ll stay the night. Magnolia might put us up. Do you think so, Thomast?”
The man riding next to her sighed.
“We are dropping in unannounced. With company.”
“Bah. It’s only a few of my friends.”
Bethal turned to the other women riding with them. They were to Bethal what a [King]’s court was—just smaller. Riding friends, commoners or the very fringes of nobility. Bethal turned her head.
“Now, onto the [Seamstress]! I want to see what those styles of clothing Magnolia had were. We’ll take the north by storm!”
The others clapped their hands and laughed. The Knights of the Petal and Thomast patiently accompanied the procession on their outing. And Maviola stared at Bethal’s back.
“Maviola? Maviola, what’s wrong?”
Erin prodded her. Lady Firestarter jumped.
“Oh—I just thought of something to do. Will you excuse me for a second, Erin?”
“For what?”
“Just a second…”
Maviola strode off. Erin saw her march to the nearest building. A shop. She began speaking with the owner. Erin stared at the [Lady] riding horseback. Did Erin know her?
…No. But she looked rather fun, urging her stoic husband into the conversation, laughing—Erin smiled. She turned as Maviola reappeared, panting, with a bucket in her hands. Erin sniffed, recoiled.
“What is that?”
“Animal waste. That was a [Beast Tamer]’s shop. Rather lucky, right?”
“Lucky…? Hey, what are you doing with—”
