7.30
Page 5
She was tempted. And when she looked at the way Ishkr’s ears were flat even as he pretended to smile—and the way he was tensed, weighed down by whatever had caused him to ask for an advance—she wanted to help. The problem was, Erin Solstice felt like she made things worse. Not always, but sometimes. She had to be careful.
So she let him be. Anyways, even the small things Erin did caused a fuss.
 
—-
 
“Miss Solstice. You cannot alter the checkpoint without express permission. It is sovereign Pallassian territory.”
“Yeah. But it’s my inn, right? What’s the problem with flowers and magazines in the waiting room, anyways?”
Watch Captain Venim was having a bad day. That tended to correlate with his meetings with Erin.
“The issue isn’t decorations, Miss Solstice. It’s in getting permission first. We have systems for doing things. I’d appreciate it if you—obeyed the rules.”
“But it’s flowers. Why do I have to wait to put flowers there? Have a cookie. White chocolate.”
“It’s—”
The Drake was lost for a second in Erin’s reasonable insanity. He eyed the cookie Erin proffered. He nearly took it, and then sighed.
“Miss Solstice. I can file the requisite paperwork. But I am here to ask you not to make changes without permission.”
“But I’m going to get permission because you’re filing paperwork, right? So why do I have to? It’s all worked out well.”
Erin was lightly pleased with herself. The Watch Captain gave her a narced expression. He rubbed at his forehead tiredly. But Erin knew she’d won.
She hadn’t fed Kel and the [Guards] on duty for nothing. She had curried goodwill—sometimes with actual curry. Venim now—he was more like Zevara. He didn’t take the cookies she was waving towards him. But they’d had interactions like this before.
“Come on, Venim. What’s the problem? What if Kel just told you about my decoration and you sorted it out without making it—”
Erin waved her hands to indicate the hurdles of legality and the process of bureaucracy. It made sense to her. Erin liked the law—but the law sometimes did stupid things.
Venim looked at Erin. And she, confident she was right, waited for his response. He put her slightly smug mood into a dumpster and set it on fire with one reply:
“The problem, Miss Erin Solstice, is that whenever you cause trouble, I’m the one who has to speak with you. I was on my vacation. With my daughter.”
He sat there, arms folded. Erin’s smile wavered.
“Uh. What?”
The Drake rubbed at his tired face.
“I’m your appointed liaison. As is Sergeant Kel. Have you not wondered why I’m assigned to the 8th floor every day? And why Sergeant Kel hasn’t changed duties, despite multiple requests?”
“I—no—did you say your daughter? Um. Time off?”
“I get two days per week. This would be my one day with my daughter; her mother has the other day. She’s with my sister due to the emergency involving you.”
The Drake stared at Erin. His voice was very polite. But he was telling Erin—her face fell.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Well, I will do the paperwork. But I would appreciate notice in advance. All things being equal, Miss Solstice, I would have preferred to get the request tomorrow, through Sergeant Kel. I would have processed it and granted you the rights by the end of the day. Tomorrow. Is that entirely reasonable?”
“…Yes.”
Erin stared at Venim. She hadn’t known he was married. Or—previously married and divorced. Of course, it made sense. Lots of people were married. Erin just didn’t ask.
