7.30
Page 30
“Like this.”
She reached out and grabbed Erin’s hands. The [Innkeeper] started and Maviola closed her eyes.
“I’m going to shove you. This is a high-level technique. [Ladies] use with their Skills. [Deft Hand], usually. You should concentrate to stop me.”
“Concentrate? Stop wh—”
Erin felt a push. She tried to bl—
Mrsha saw Erin backflip off the hill and go flying as if someone’s invisible hand had swatted her. She and Maviola stared as Erin went flying and rolling down the hill. Mrsha’s jaw dropped. Maviola winked at her.
“That’s proper training.”
“Aaah! You jerk!”
Erin came charging up the hill. Maviola raised a hand.
“[Deft Hand]—”
“Oh no. St—”
Erin went flying again. Mrsha stared as she tumbled back down the hill. She got up and waved at Maviola. Do me, do me! The [Lady] laughed.
Lyonette went stomping up the hill to stop Mrsha-swatting. She looked huffily at Maviola.
“Maviola, I don’t know if this is the best way to train Erin—”
“I think it’s the way she learns. See?”
Erin went charging up the hill. She pointed.
“Aha! Gravity!”
Maviola and Lyonette staggered. The air pushed down on them. Maviola gritted her teeth.
“Cute. But I told you to block—”
This time Erin went stumbling backwards. Lyonette did too, but less far. Maviola glanced at her.
“You’re already more powerful than I, Lyonette. At least in station. Don’t worry. I’m here to help. Truly.”
“It’s very sudden. Erin shouldn’t have told you about her…home. I trust you’ll keep it secret?”
Lyonette pursed her lips. She liked Maviola. But Erin had given away far too much. Lyonette knew Maviola was another runaway from her house, but she was a [Lady] of Izril. Maviola smiled deeper.
“To my very grave. Lyonette du Marquin.”
The [Princess] hesitated.
“I’d like to believe that. But I don’t know who you are. There’s only one Maviola and that’s from the House of El. But she’s old; the House’s matriarch.”
“And retired. I stepped down two weeks ago.”
Lyonette blinked. Then her eyes went round. She looked at Maviola.
“No. That’s—”
The [Lady] swatted with her hand. Lyonette and Erin went somersaulting down the hill past Mrsha. The old [Lady] saw Mrsha peeking up at her with more respect as curses echoed from behind her. She winked at Mrsha.
“Behave. Now, what’s your little secret, you brave firefly?”
Mrsha scooted closer on her bum and showed Maviola her wand. Erin lay on the grass as Lyonette’s head of red hair slowly rose. Both glared up at the top of the hill.
That was lesson one.
 
—-
 
“You did well. In time, no [Lady] will be able to force you to bow within twenty levels. They can still shove, but it’s just a matter of being aware of it. Three-versus-one? Well, Magnolia would still probably have pushed past you even in your inn. But the trick with auras is to force them to break their rules.”
A while later, Maviola was lecturing the tousle-haired younger women. Both glowered at her, nursing bruises from being tossed down the hill.
“How? Magnolia even bullied Xrn! And Klbkch!”
“Only because they weren’t willing to attack. [Ladies] are unmatched in society. That’s why we’re [Ladies]. I’m suited for combat, but even I can’t stand with [Warriors]. If the Antinium had attacked—at least one of them would have died. Why do you think Wuvren was last to retreat? They would have broken the etiquette of the moment and all their little tricks would have ended.”
“So if Magnolia tries to influence me…”
