7.30
Page 8
Numbtongue went back to playing. Erin saw a flash as something exploded. She wasn’t a fan of video games. Well—she played Minecraft and stuff. But she wasn’t into the complex action game stuff.
“Say…mind scooting over?”
Erin sat down and watched as Numbtongue played through a level—mainly by killing a lot of very ugly potato-people. With tendrils and stuff. They looked…well, dangerous, but sort of tame.
“I bet you could kill that one.”
“Maybe. Not with guns.”
Erin eyed the ugly potato attacking Numbtongue as he threw a grenade.
“You like playing fighting games? Isn’t it like—too real? For a warrior like you?”
The Hobgoblin glanced at Erin.
“…No. It’s fun. Games.”
“Ah, right, right. Hey, watch out for the one on the left—”
“Mhm.”
The [Bard] went back to playing. Erin watched until he died. Then she poked him.
“My turn. I want to use the computer.”
“…One more life?”
“You play it all night. Give.”
She poked him again. That was a very Goblin/Gnoll thing, so the Hobgoblin, grumbling, gave the laptop over. Erin knew Mrsha was trying to play too and she just worried about the effects of video games on Mrsha’s psyche. Then again—when she was playing outside she led crusades against Shield Spiders. So maybe this was okay.
“Okay. Let’s see. Where’re the comics?”
“Here.”
Kevin’s laptop was a goldmine of data. It didn’t look like it, but Kevin’s attitude towards data had been one of acquisition. His laptop was filled with movies, games he liked, pictures—and most crucially—pirated comics and other media. Erin eagerly clicked on a folder.
“Aha! This is the stuff!”
Numbtongue stared with the kind of detached pain that arose from seeing someone misuse their computer-time as Erin double-clicked on a picture icon. A big…picture…popped up on the screen.
Well, it was really three pictures, each separated by black bar. Each one held a little character, with some kind of extreme deformity in their body shape emitting balloons with words. Erin stared at the first one, and then laughed.
“Hah! Classic!”
She began to giggle. Not really laugh, but smile as she stared at the little boxes and figures. Numbtongue peeked over her shoulder. He stared at a round-headed person and pointed.
“What’s that?”
Erin blinked at him and then grinned.
“Oh—sorry. You’ve never seen a comic, right, Numbtongue? This—this is Peanuts. Kevin’s got some of the classics! See? This is Charlie Brown.”
Erin pointed at a person with anatomical problems. The Hobgoblin narrowed his eyes.
“He has puff-head badness? Going to explode?”
The Human girl looked at him. She opened and closed her mouth a few times.
“…No.”
“Oh. Why does he look like that?”
Erin tried to explain.
“It’s just—how they’re drawn. It’s just—it’s like a mini-story. That’s what a comic is. Words and pictures. See? He’s going to kick this football and…”
Numbtongue stared. He didn’t get it. Well, the arbitrary act of cruelty on the part of the young girl made him smile.
“See, he tries to kick the football but he never does. Except that time he was invisible. It’s like a metaphor, but it’s also funny.”
Erin ruminated on the deep levels of Human cruelty and hopeless aspiration for a second. Numbtongue just snorted.
“Silly.”
“Isn’t it? But it’s great. I respect Kevin for having this on his computer. Aside from the you-know-what.”
Erin scowled deeply. She had found the porn that Kevin had faithfully reinstalled onto his computer. And deleted it. Numbtongue rolled his eyes.
“Yes, yes. Bad sexy Humans.”
