7.30
Page 13
“Donkeys are better for labor. They’re pack animals. Or do you want to grab a bunch of horses which might not be suited for pulling wagons? Mules are also good.”
“I…I’m sure I’d account for it in the moment.”
The Drake defended himself. He was a [Strategist], Maviola, a [Lady]. But she was lecturing him.
“Well, if you didn’t you’d be scrambling. Which is why we’re going over it now. This is the ideal ratio of wagons-to-soldiers. And these are good numbers to hold by for how much you should be willing to spend to buy new supplies on the march.”
She pulled up a second chart, listing everything from the prices of oil to healing potions. Olesm’s eyes bulged.
“Wait. Our instruction at Manus never accounted for that—”
“Because ­Manus expects you to defend a city. I’m giving you a fuller education. These are the kind of numbers a [General] or [Strategist] leading an actual army needs to know. Pay attention.”
“I am, I am! Hold on. Does that say ‘birth control’?”
Maviola rolled her eyes as she speared a bit of burnt bacon. She’d done her best with a skillet, but she had a tendency to overheat the cooking fire.
“Mixed-gender armies always run into the issue. Especially new [Soldiers]. They have sex—they get pregnant. Have at least a few potions to deal with complications.”
“I never—is this really a problem I’m going to run into? Maviola, please. I’m Liscor’s [Strategist]. Having to deal with a pregnant [Soldier] isn’t something I’m going to run into.”
The Human [Lady] nodded agreeably.
“True. As Liscor’s [Strategist] you might not. But are you going to be a [Strategist] forever?”
“Well, I—”
“And if you have a pregnant [Soldier] barging into your tent at midnight, do you want to have a solution for the problem or be completely blindsided?”
The blue Drake opened and closed his mouth.
“…Have a solution?”
“There you are, then. Eat your eggs. Here.”
She put the eggs on a fork. Olesm sniffed.
“I can eat them—”
“Open your mouth.”
He did, to object, and she poked the fork into his mouth. Maviola laughed at Olesm’s outraged expression.
“Sorry; force of habit. I had to feed too many annoying little children when I was growing up. Products of people who don’t account for accidental babies.”
The Drake chewed and swallowed.
“How many children did you grow up with?”
“More than you’d be happy to know about. None myself, incidentally. I never had time for it. I regret that.”
Wistfully, Maviola glanced out the window. The city was waking up. The protests about The Golden Triangle had woken both of them up in bed. But—however alien a Drake city might have been, she was surprised how much at home the little apartment felt.
Olesm looked at Maviola as he shoveled more burnt breakfast into his mouth. He thoughtfully eyed the young woman. And forbade asking why twenty-something was too late for children.
Maviola was—different. And even an idiot would have picked up on the little clues she kept dropping. Olesm didn’t know the entire thing, but he suspected something.
At last, the [Lady] looked at him. And when she smiled—the Drake felt as though she were smiling just for him. Maviola was Lady Firestarter. Flame and passion. Her power—her appeal was that when she looked at you, you felt like you were the only thing in the world. She was brilliant; she was teaching him any number of new tactics as well as logistics and things even his lessons in Manus had never covered.
And also, a mystery. Maviola sighed as she looked out the window.
“…Nearly two weeks now. It’s passed so quickly.”
