7.30
Page 33
Erin found her arm in Maviola’s. The [Lady] dragged her towards the magic door. Erin fought to get free, but Maviola just linked her arm tighter.
“Come on. You have to learn some basic skills.”
“Okay, stop pulling me!”
Blushing, Erin pulled away from Maviola. The [Lady] eyed her.
“Don’t be so formal. Incidentally, you need to fall in love sometime. It’s a wonderful feeling.”
“Excuse me! That’s personal!”
Maviola sighed.
“Youth is wasted on you. Do you not like Drakes or Gnolls? Or perhaps…”
“I’m fine! Geez! Everyone’s so personal!”
In a huff, Erin stalked past Maviola. And then they were in Invrisil. The [Lady] followed. It took her a bit of will to resist paying the silver tax, but Magnolia wasn’t the only [Lady] with authority. Besides, Maviola didn’t have that much coin anymore.
“I couldn’t help but notice that in your memories, you never seem interested in all the fine fellows around you. Especially that young [Necromancer].”
“Pisces? Ew.”
“What about the Courier?”
“Hawk? He has a fluffy tail, but that’s it.”
“Hm. The Goblin? No, you weren’t attached to him either. But I know I recalled…”
“Stop it! Where are we going?”
The two arguing young women stopped as they left the inn and abruptly—heard a lot of noise. Both halted in the street in time to see the protest.
People were marching and shouting, angry faces lighting up the street. Erin backed up into Maviola. The [Lady] stared.
“What is this?”
They turned to the [Bouncer] at the door. Redit was standing there; hand on his club, but trying to be unobtrusive as possible.
“The Golden Triangle, Misses. They’re protesting. Demanding the Mage’s Guild and [Mayor] give them their money back. Haven’t you heard of the protests?”
Erin looked at Maviola.
“There was a riot two days ago. It’s still going on?”
“In Liscor it’s protests too. How bad was it?”
Maviola had been with Olesm the night the news broke. Several buildings had been half-burned. Redit grimaced.
“Nothing bad happened around here, Misses. We took care of trouble. But the Mage’s Guild was under siege until the Watch broke it up. Lots of fighting. They’re still angry.”
“That’s terrible. Those poor people. I told Relc he was an idiot…”
Erin’s face fell. Maviola was nodding, but she glanced at Erin.
“Relc? Your friend was in The Golden Triangle? Come on, we’ll walk past the protest.”
“That’s not wise—”
Redit objected, but Maviola walked through the crowd. So did Erin. The crowd was chanting, angry people ready for a fight. Redit tensed to go after them—but to his surprise, he saw people walking around Maviola and Erin as if they weren’t there.
[Crowd Control]. Maviola looked at Erin.
“You’re using your aura.”
“I know. I just didn’t realize it until now.”
Erin frowned. It was both her Skill and her aura. She felt like she could feel the—flow of the crowd. It would be hard—almost impossible to make them calm. On the other hand, it would be terrifyingly easy to get them to turn into another riot. Maviola glanced at her.
“Lots of smoldering embers here. You feel it too? That’s another use of your aura. Igniting them.”
“I have a Skill that does that.”
“Well, you can make it stronger. But let’s not experiment with this lot. What was the problem with this Relc? Have I met him?”
“Maybe? He’s the big Drake with the spear.”
“Ah, him. So what did he do…?”
As they walked through the streets of Invrisil, leaving the protest behind, Erin explained Relc’s objectionable behavior to Maviola. Even now she grew angry thinking about it.
“He didn’t even get what he was doing was wrong! Until Ryoka and I explained it.”
Maviola gave her a strange look.
