7.30
Page 29
“I’ve never thought to make lanterns out of my fire. But you’ve seen me give [Archers] fire. You can even coat weapons in the fire if you want. That’s due to your Skill. But auras? They’re a bit different. Watch.”
She pointed. A patch of innocent grass burst into flame. Real fire. Erin and Mrsha jumped.
“Stop setting stuff on fire!”
Erin ran over to stomp on it with her shoes. Maviola shrugged.
“It’s my aura. You may have noticed a motif with me.”
“Yeah! You’re pretty hot stuff!”
Erin stomped and Mrsha waved her wand; the grass regrew. Both glared at Maviola. Lady Firestarter smirked.
“My nature is flame. I have yet to figure out yours. But you need to work on your aura, Erin. I was able to manipulate you for a few moments. We’ll practice using both flame and aura.”
“I…sure. I’ve learned from Lyonette, but it’s just not something I can figure out. Do you think you can teach me?”
Erin scratched her head. Lyonette whispered indignantly to Numbtongue.
“I was teaching her!”
The [Lady] cast an amused glance towards the doorway.
“I’m sure Lyonette’s done her best. But she’s a [Princess]. I doubt she had much training at her age; normally she’d be much older by the time she developed her powers. She’s a prodigy.”
Lyonette blushed as Maviola waved at her. Numbtongue nudged her. Erin blinked.
“She is?”
“Oh yes. Monarchs don’t need to hone their auras. This is a Skill of—well, [Ladies] and [Knights] primarily. Only [Ladies] need to train. And the Flowers of Izril developed their abilities more than anyone else. In antiquity, the Order of Seasons actually learned from our class.”
Maviola motioned Erin to sit down as Mrsha began to scribble notes on her drawing-paper. She was copying Grimalkin.
“You see—[Kings] are rather good at being forceful themselves. You’ve seen the King of Destruction?”
“That jerk? Yeah, once or twice.”
Erin waved a hand. Maviola laughed.
“He’s more intimidating in real life. I met him when he was a boy—before the world called him the ‘King of Destruction’. Back when people still invited him to gatherings and thought they could use him in political games. He was forceful of will enough then to resist even the most cunning of [Lords] and [Ladies]. And all untrained! That’s what I mean. He has no fine control, but when he says ‘kneel’, he can force an army to bend their knees.”
“That sounds…bad.”
Erin glanced at Mrsha. The Gnoll nodded. Definitely sounded bad. Although Rufelt liked Flos. So did Mrsha. He was nice to Gnolls. Even white Gnolls. Maviola shrugged.
“It’s an example. Lyonette, by her class, is stronger than both of us naturally. No wonder she’s a poor teacher.”
“Hey!”
Both ignored that. Maviola gestured.
“It’s not just about concentration. There’s elegance in how you use your aura. See? I manifest fire.”
She made a ball of real, hot fire appear in her hands. Mrsha oohed and applauded. Maviola tossed it at her. Mrsha ran away, squealing, but the fire vanished before it touched her.
“Stop bullying Mrsha.”
Erin scowled at Maviola. The grandmother of a [Lady] laughed.
“Children should be careful. I hear this one’s unruly. Aren’t you?”
She stared at Mrsha, peeking around Erin’s back. Mrsha made a face. Maviola pointed.
“Sit down and be good, child.”
Mrsha hesitated, and then scooted over and sat. Erin narrowed her eyes.
“You used your aura on her.”
“Say I did.”
“That’s mean.”
The [Lady] sighed.
“Perhaps it is. But you do it too. Or do you think all of those spontaneous parties just ‘happened’? You’re using your aura without thinking of it. My goal is to train that.”
“How? Lyonette’s taught—”
Maviola rolled her eyes.
