7.30
Page 23
“I’m trying to help you. Don’t you see how much you need it? I could have persuaded you to walk out of your inn before you started fighting back.”
“That’s a crummy way of helping! I don’t want you here. Shoo! Get lost! Get—”
Maviola caught Erin’s punch. Since it wasn’t a [Minotaur Punch], it wasn’t that strong. She grabbed Erin’s other wrist.
“Calm down, Erin. We’re alike.”
“Like heck we are. Let go.”
“Make—”
Erin head-butted her. Maviola wasn’t expecting that. The [Innkeeper] had the satisfaction of watching Maviola sit down hard on the floor. The [Lady] blinked up at her.
“Well. You’re more like Magnolia than I thought.”
The [Innkeeper]’s eyes narrowed. Maviola was rapidly getting on her nerves.
“I don’t know why you came here. But I don’t like you already. Stop bothering me.”
She turned, to get someone to kick Maviola out. But the [Lady] stood up, and grabbed Erin’s shoulder.
“I said—stop.”
Erin whirled. She raised a fist. And saw fire.
Maviola burst into flames. Her hair caught fire, her eyes blazed. Her hand holding Erin’s shoulder was wreathed in brilliant, white-red flames.
With a shout of panic, Erin tore away from her. But the door caught fire. She backed away as Maviola stood there. The fire was spreading! White-hot flames were covering the floor, the door—she was going to burn everything in the room! She was—
The fire was familiar. Erin stared at it. It looked—gentle.
White-red fire, yes. So brilliant it hurt the eyes at first. But the longer you looked, the less harsh the flames seemed. They had a gentleness to them. Erin felt it instinctively. It looked like—
Kindness made fire. She stared into Maviola’s burning eyes and saw—
A woman bending down, laughing at her brother’s rueful expression as a toddler crawled out of his arms towards her. She had never been married. But she was delighted. Teasing. She lifted the boy up and he laughed and caught at the flames and sparks around her. Maviola looked at her brother, Fulviolo El, leader of the House of El as he—
The flames flickered. They went out. The door stopped burning; the wood untouched. Maviola rubbed at her forehead. Flicked a bit of white fire off her shoulder.
It had burned nothing. Perhaps it could have. Kindness could be a terribly painful flame to those it hurt. But not to Erin. The [Innkeeper] stood there. She had seen the fire. She recognized it.
“Memory fire? But that’s….”
Impossible, she almost said. But Erin remembered. [Like Fire, Memory]. It wasn’t her Skill. [Immortal Moment] had been different. If Erin had to describe it—it had felt green—which meant it was unique, as far as she understood it. But [Like Fire, Memory]…someone had earned the Skill first.
That someone—smiled.
“Let me try again. I’m too used to getting my way. I thought I could barge in your place and give you a lesson. Impress you. Oh, well. I’m a hothead.”
She chuckled at that. Erin just kept staring. Maviola sat back down.
“I’m sorry, Erin Solstice. When I said we were similar—I meant it literally. You have the same fire as me. The same Skill. My Skill.”
She touched her breast, lightly. Erin stared. She had seen—a much older woman.
“Who—who are you?”
The [Lady] sighed. She leaned on her arms and smiled.
“Sit down, please. I can explain. I came here to help. Olesm told me you were full of surprises. But he didn’t mention how fast you were.”
“I have a quick head. Uh—who was—”
“Me. I didn’t realize you could see the memory in my fire. But I’ve never met anyone like you. Sit, please.”
