7.30
Page 32
“Buy from Celum. They have larger farms. Liscor is agriculturally poor, hence the price increase. On the other hand, milk is cheaper than Celum’s markets. Thank you, Drassi, was it?”
“Yes, Miss Maviola.”
The panting Drake had run into Celum to get tallies on the market prices, as well as Esthelm and Invrisil’s prices. Maviola snapped her fingers.
“Quill.”
Mrsha handed one to her. The [Lady] showed Erin a tally.
“However—these are the prices from Pallass. Produce is just as cheap. That’s because of Oteslia. I’d encourage you to still buy from Celum because you have [Farmers] like this Wailant you can make relationships with. Plus, transport from Pallass takes mana from your door. But do that and you’ll save gold per week.”
“Wow.”
Lyonette’s eyes were shining. She was staring at Maviola like a hero of the fiscal report. The woman tapped her fingers on the table.
“Well…you don’t need to worry that much about money. It’s refreshing not to see so much debt.”
“Does House El have money problems?”
Erin saw both Lyonette and Maviola wince. The [Lady] blushed as she twiddled the quill in her fingers.
“I’ve done my best. But we’re historically bad at managing our money. We have large projects; the last one put us more into debt. Money goes in, money goes out. I’m good at saving money, not spending it. Which is why I won’t tell you how to spend your gold. But I will tell you that you have enough to spend. So—what projects do you have in mind?”
Erin and Lyonette looked at each other.
“Projects?”
Maviola looked sternly at them.
“Money is meant to be used. You have to grow it, not keep it locked away under your bed.”
“I knew that. That’s why it’s buried in the garden.”
The [Innkeeper] was pleased to see Maviola close her eyes for a second in actual pain. To be fair—she’d done that on purpose. Not that she didn’t appreciate Maviola’s help. But she was being bossy. Sort of like—Lyonette. Or Erin herself.
“Please tell me you have plans for the inn? Renovating it is good! But do you have any other designs?”
“Bird wants a ballista.”
Lyonette and Maviola looked at Erin. She shrugged.
“Well, he does. But that’s not on my list. I guess…enchantments? But we never got around to it. It was too expensive and then we couldn’t find an [Enchanter]. Uh—this was back before the magic door.”
“I see. And you want enchantments?”
Maviola saw Erin and Lyonette exchange a glance and then they began speaking over each other.
“Okay, the stone ovens are great, but I hear you can make them magic. I’d love not to have to light them each time—”
“I want a tracking spell on Mrsha—”
“—someone to look at the door—”
“—light spells at night—”
“—something nice instead of the poo smell in the outhouses—”
“—noise-cancelling spells in the bedrooms. Just for privacy’s sake—”
The [Lady] leaned back in the face of the eager voices. She stared at them.
“Then hire an [Enchanter].”
“From where?”
Both looked at her. Maviola opened and closed her mouth.
“Invrisil? Pallass? Set up an appointment and hire them.”
“How?”
Erin’s mystified look made Maviola snap. She stood up.
“Follow me. Do you just not know how to schedule appointments? We’re going to Invrisil. No, not you. Or you. I don’t have time for trouble and you two would both bring it.”
She poked Mrsha and Numbtongue as the two followed. Both looked hurt. Lyonette stood up, flustered.
“I’ll stay with Mrsha, Erin. Are you going to go now?”
“It will take fifteen minutes. Come on.”
“Wait! But—wh—I’m not ready!”
