7.30
Page 39
“Maviola El. We meet again. Thomast, give me your rapier.”
“No, Bethal.”
The furious [Lady of Thorns] stood over Maviola as the [Lady Firestarter] looked up. Maviola gasped after regaining her breath.
“You—deserved it. You petty [Thief].”
“You stole from me first! Thomast—go get more filth. I’ll make Maviola eat it. Her and her—who’s this?”
Bethal looked blankly at Erin. Ser Kerrig shrugged.
“An accomplice, Lady Bethal? I don’t believe she participated.”
“I’m innocent! Hey! That hurts!”
Bethal cast a dismissive glance at Erin.
“Let her go then. Thomast—make it a huge bucket.”
“No, Bethal.”
“Thomast—”
The arguing couple and Maviola being restrained by two [Knights] was interrupted by Erin. Free of Ser Kerrig’s hold, she did the only expedient thing: she ran into the Player’s Retreat, the inn, and disappeared. Bethal glanced at Maviola.
“Much loyalty you inspire.”
“She’s a friend. Hello, Bethal.”
“I have a mind to make you eat the leavings of my horse, Maviola. I was content with pranking you, but this—and poor Thomast? We will have a reckoning.”
Bethal’s eyes flashed as she pointed down at Maviola. Thomast sighed.
“Bethal, leave it alone. Lady El surely deserves her payback. You inconvenienced her for several days.”
“Thomast! You should be on my side! You’re covered in—in—excrement!”
The [Lady] stomped a foot as she dismounted. One of her attendants was calling for a cleansing charm. Thomast shrugged as someone waved a wand over his clothes and most of the filth just—fell away. It still stank, though.
“It washes off, dear.”
“Nonsense. I demand—”
The door to the inn swung back open. Bethal, the Knights of the Petal, and Thomast turned and saw—a small army in the doorway.
Erin had made Redit drag the magical door so it overlapped with the actual doorway. So what the [Lady] and her attendants saw was about two dozen guests of the inn and staff aiming the emergency crossbows at them. Erin had a frying pan and a knife in the other hand. She pointed the knife at them.
“Stick ‘em up! Let go of Maviola!”
The street froze. The Rose Knights reached for their weapons, putting themselves between the inn and Bethal at once. Thomast drew his rapier so fast Erin didn’t see it.
Maviola began to laugh. Bethal glanced at the inn in shock—then at Maviola. Slowly, she stepped back, and the [Knights] holding Maviola let go. Maviola turned.
“I believe I’ll leave it at that, Bethal.”
Smugly, she walked through the doorway. Erin stared at Maviola as the [Lady] winked at her.
“Well done, Erin. Thank you for—”
Erin donked her on the head with the pan. Hard. That was roughly the sound the pan made. Maviola staggered. Bethal blinked.
“You jerk!”
“That hurt!”
Maviola glowered. Erin put her knife away—and Maviola kicked her back. Erin got up, outraged.
“You threw poo! You’re a maniac!”
“That was justice! How dare you—”
“Leg hook!”
Erin pulled Maviola’s left leg up. The [Lady]’s eyes went wide and she fell over. Erin pointed.
“Mrsha! Get her!”
The Gnoll leapt on Maviola, hirsute, her fur making her look like some miniature white mammoth. Maviola shouted, trying not to hurt Mrsha as she pummeled Erin. The [Innkeeper] folded her arms—until she heard the laughter.
Lady Bethal Walchaís was laughing. Behind her [Knights], who were watching the comedy with eyes on the crossbows, the [Lady] was laughing. She guffawed at Maviola as the [Lady Firestarter] finally tossed Mrsha off her.
