7.30
Page 2
That was the first poster you’d see. Another was of a smiling bunch of Gnolls—well—you assumed they were. The drawer had been very clumsy, but she’d done her best drawing a mountain, a forest, some tents—and what you assumed were either Gnolls, or blobby stick-people with fuzzy heads.
“What are you doing?”
Sergeant Kel’s head hurt. He looked at Erin. She pointed.
“…Just putting up some decorations. Don’t worry; I’ll get someone to water the flowers.”
She was placing a flower pot full of some lovely red flowers on the waiting table. Kel stared at her.
“You know what I mean. Miss Erin Solstice, kindly remove your…your…unauthorized objects from this room. This is a checkpoint.”
“Well, it can also be nice. I’ve had complaints from people waiting. They have to stand around and the door only gets checked every ten minutes. So I decided let’s spruce it up.”
“‘Spruce it up?’ Just—just what is that?”
Erin looked as the Drake pointed at the poster.
“What? The posters? It’s just a little thing.”
“We have rules. Nothing is allowed in here without the Watch Captain’s express consent!”
Erin blew out her cheeks.
“Kel, we’ve been friends for months.”
“We aren’t friends.”
She ignored that. The young woman waved at Kel.
“Can’t you make an exception?”
“No.”
She scowled as the Drake glared back at her through the small speaking slit.
“Why?”
“Reasons of security.”
“For flowers? You can get them yourself if you want to! And this is just a bit of art! See, Mrsha made this one!”
“And that poster?”
The Drake pointed at the smiling Goblin. Erin’s face lowered into a deep scowl.
“…I drew that. See? It says ‘No Killing Goblins’. Important rule. No one really reads it.”
The Watch stared at the smiling Goblin. They looked at Erin Solstice. Guardsman Kel had a headache.
“Miss Erin Solstice. We are not allowed to make changes to this room—”
“Fine, fine. So get Watch Captain Venim to approve it. Or Chaldion. Or Grimalkin.”
The wretched Human female rolled her eyes. As if the Grand Strategist of all of Pallass had time to authorize this minutiae. Or as if they wouldn’t be chewed to pieces and spat over the walls for bothering him! The Watch on duty shifted.
“Please take it down.”
Sergeant Kel’s tone was of a man hanging onto a crumbling cliff’s edge, begging gravity not to work. Erin Solstice shrugged.
“Hey. I don’t make the rules.”
They waited. One of the [Guards] coughed.
“Yes. Exactly. So…”
“So get someone to tell me to take it down. Until then—”
Erin wandered off through the doorway. The Watch looked at each other. Someone would have to tell the Watch Captain on their floor. They would…not be happy. Sergeant Kel rubbed at his face.
And then Erin Solstice came back through the door. She spread four more magazines onto the table, arranging them just so. And then she reached back into the door.
“That’s great, Ishkr. Thanks. Okay—here you go, Kel. Do I put this in front of the portcullis? I can shove it through your arrow-thingies.”
She had a tray of something. One of the Gnolls sniffed the air. The others stared at the hot, round…thingies on her tray. They were practically steaming. Fresh out of the oven. They smelled like sugar and baking.
The Watch knew what those were. Cookies. Lasica was selling them, but only a few of Pallass’ [Bakers] had mastered the recipe. But the inventor from Liscor had a hot, piping tray of fresh ones.
