7.30
Page 19
“But it’s not always about casting the best actor. Don’t you see, Emme? Jasi’s great. She’s just—amazing. But she can’t do everything. This is A Doll’s House—it’s about a married woman unhappy with her life. Who’s been married for a while. You look at Jasi—does she look old to you?”
The three troupe members looked at each other. Temile coughed.
“She doesn’t look like that, I’ll grant you. But she could play the part—”
“But why does she have to be the only star? She’s already in every big performance; this would give her time off. And you want to treat your [Lead Actors] right…right?”
“She has a point. Wesle and Jasi both say they’re suffering from vocal strain, even with potions. We could trial this…but who’s our lead?”
“An older woman. Someone…someone who can really speak to married women who are unhappy. She shouldn’t be radiant. She should be a mother. A wife!”
Galina was more excited than she’d been since coming to this world. She looked around as Emme bit her lip.
“…We don’t have many. But come to think of it, I heard Yaina was married, didn’t you, Andel? Divorced—she’s our candidate for mothers. Good, solid acting in Shakespearian roles.”
The young woman from Earth rolled her eyes. As if Shakespeare was the be-all-end-all of the stage!
“Well, can you get her to run through the script? I’ve—it’s hard for me to write it out. I don’t have Erin’s memory, so it’s rough. I was hoping you could help me get it to the professional level…”
Andel studied the script he’d been given.
“It can definitely be updated. But the core conceit? I like it. Emme, we should put this on.”
“But let’s trial it in the inn. The Players of Liscor can put it on and if it’s suitable for Invrisil…?”
Temile and Emme put their heads together. Galina’s fingers gripped each other behind her back. Emme looked up, still looking dubious, but nodding.
“Erin vouches for you, Miss Galina. So I suppose we had better try it. I’m just not sure married life is as…as grand as our other plays.”
And that was the problem. The Players of Celum had been given bombastic dramas by Erin. They had wrongly understood what theatre was. Galina was about to jumpstart their education into the stage. If she could get in with them. The young woman held her breath.
“Then—you’ll hire me?”
Emme blinked. Andel snorted as he ruffled through the tidy, painstakingly-written links in ink. Temile laughed. As Galina looked at them, Emme smiled and laughed too.
“Hire you? Miss Galina—that was never in doubt. How many more plays do you know?”
And the stage claimed another soul. But then—Galina had been doomed from the beginning. She screamed with delight and hugged the others. She liked her friends from Earth—but they were all different. This was where Galina belonged. They were splitting up. And that was—okay.
 
—-
 
“Alright! Who’s here for baseball? Kids, over here!”
Rose waved her arms and a bunch of little Gnolls and Drakes queued up with bats and gloves in hand. Outside, Joseph raised his hand.
“Anyone playing football—?”
A huge roar answered him. The largest crowd of kids and adults marched on Joseph and he looked around. Even a Councilmember, Jeiss, wanted his attention.
“Joseph! Joseph! The first intercity game with Pallass is in three days! Can our team win? You saw the game…”
“I did. If we practice, we’ll smoke them.”
Joseph reassured Jeiss. The Drake was a huge fan of the game already. He was grinning.
“Poor shots, right?”
“And worse teamwork. Are you in the team?”
“I hope so! I uh, took time off from the Council for this. Who’re you picking for the final team?”
