7.30
Page 21
“It was just—”
“Totally understood. Why don’t we put this outside? And maybe if Mrsha’s good she can have a bite. Then again—”
The Fortress Beavers were fighting Lyonette as she attacked them with a broom, mainly swatting at their behinds. Mrsha the Even More In Trouble barreled into Lyonette from behind and the [Princess] went splash into the pond. Palt closed the door over Lyonette’s outraged laughter and shrieking.
“…I think she might be getting bread and water today.”
Imani smiled gratefully as Palt took her arm. She never noticed him whispering the [Remove Fear] spell. After all. An [Illusionist] should be able to do that much unnoticed. Or what was the point?
 
—-
 
And last and perhaps least…two young men had neither job nor passion. No—that wasn’t correct. It was just that they hadn’t found their passion.
“Sucks that we don’t have something. Joseph’s got football, Galina’s in love with those [Actors]. What do we get, Leon?”
“I dunno.”
The two were in Invrisil, though. And today, Troy, much discontented, was walking with his hands in pockets. Looking at the shops, the sights—all the things he couldn’t buy.
“I’ve got five silver. How much do you have?”
“Uh—two silver.”
The two young men looked at each other. Neither one complained…at least not aloud. They were given free room and board and they were being paid by the hour for help. It was just that they were earning an actual paycheck per hour, not…free money. They made as much as Ishkr and Drassi did. A bit less, actually, given their inexperience and if they wanted lots of spending money, they needed to work for hours.
Everyone else had better jobs. But Leon and Troy had not been blessed with…with…anything. Joseph, now, he’d gotten lucky. So had Galina. They just happened to have the right talents. But what did Leon and Troy get?
“Nothing. I don’t feel like lifting boxes all day. Maybe we should beg, like Kevin.”
“Kevin’s Kevin. He’d survive anywhere. Imani gets special treatment.”
That was true…but both felt guilty for pointing that out. Nevertheless, the two walked on. Leon groused.
“It’s not like we don’t have skills!”
“Yeah!”
“If this was a videogame, we’d be the best at it. But magic doesn’t’ work like that.”
“Think we can get Erin to give us money for a spellbook?”
“Uh…no.”
“Well—what are we good at? Joseph and Galina have skills. And you were taking courses in engineering, right Troy?”
The young man from Greece shook his head.
“No—no—uh—I was going to. After high school. I was into…and you were really into tabletop games…”
“Yeah.”
Miniatures. Leon was a big tabletop fan, which wasn’t the biggest of things in Poland. And Troy was also a gamer. Video games. The two looked at each other.
“What if we made a tabletop game?”
“Right! So…how are we casting and designing the miniatures? I mean, I know what they look like. But how do we put that into an actual figurine?”
“Uh…well, maybe cards?”
“Can you draw?”
“…Can you?”
They walked on, talking of ideas. Cards, now—Leon also liked Magic the Gathering. They counted their silver and then paused to duck out of the way as a crowd of people protesting The Golden Triangle marched through Invrisil. The sad, the desperate—the two young man walked past them, heads bowed as the furious, hurt people screamed for someone to do something. But what could you do?
The money was gone.
 
—-
 
After a while, Numbtongue got bored of minesweeper. He began to listen to music. Erin sat with him for a while. But it was just a distraction. After a while—in between songs, she had to ask.
“Numbtongue. Am I a jerk?”
He looked at her.
“Sometimes.”
