7.31
Page 12
Erin whispered. Then she was through the door like a shot. She hugged the annoyed Dwarf, but he didn’t brush her off for a good six seconds. Erin laughed until he shoved her off, growling curses.
They left behind the angry people in Liscor’s inn. Esthelm’s ruling body of Master Crafters—who had replaced the military leader that Erin had helped get rid of—cheerfully body-checked the [Shopkeepers] and [Senators]. Esthelm’s legislative body was made up of [Miners], [Shepherds], and tough people; in the war of knocking each other down, they were Gold-ranks.
“I hear there’s some good lots in Esthelm. Umbral, was it? [Sigilists]. [Gemcutters]. I want to talk with all of ‘em. Some of the magical metals take tricky things. You give me what I want—I’ll pay for it. No one spies on me but my apprentices. And I’ll cut Esthelm in their share of my sales.”
“Of course, Master Pelt. They’re all waiting to meet you.”
“They are, are they?”
That pleased him. Pelt walked past cheering faces, affecting not to notice them. But Erin saw him glancing at children waving little hammers, people who knew his name. His reputation. He smiled, and hid the expression in his beard.
“Grandfathers, but I never get peace and quiet anywhere. The price of being too good at my trade, I suppose.”
Erin snorted. Umbral gave her a mystified look as he nodded. Maviola, fuming, stomped back to the inn.
Someone else trotted after them. Erin turned her head. She saw Montressa—Beza—and—her face broke into an excited grin.
“Psst. Pelt. Pelt. I want to introduce you to some friends. [Mages] from Wistram.”
“Hm? Oh, fine. This parade’s for me, but ruin my day, will you? I suppose knowing a few decent [Mages] is important. Although I was going to work with Hedault of Invrisil. Who’s this lot?”
The Dwarf turned around. All three [Mages] bowed. Montressa lifted her staff.
“Master Pelt? I am Montressa du Valeross, an [Aegiscaster] of Wistram. This is Bezale, a [Spellscribe], and—”
Erin nearly shoved her aside. She grinned eagerly as she indicated the Centaur with two hands.
“Pelt. I want you to meet…Palt. Hah!”
The young woman looked around excitedly. She laughed, slapped her thighs—and realized no one was laughing.
Pelt blinked at Palt’s name, but the Centaur just bowed.
“Master Smith. It’s an honor. I’m an [Illusionist]. I realize our classes aren’t that complimentary, but we wanted to introduce ourselves to such an important [Smith]. All our factions would love to speak with you.”
The Dwarf looked at Erin, still waiting for someone to laugh with her. He opened his mouth to shout something insulting—then caught himself. He nodded at the Centaur after a moment.
“I’m sure they would. But I’m getting set up. Come by later, I suppose, Emessa will make an appointment. You want more of that thing, huh? Something’s odd about the insides. Crystal magic? Fine. But later.”
He pointed. Montressa jumped. Everyone turned to stare at the brass shock orb hovering behind her. Palt bowed. And the Dwarf went on.
“I don’t like Wistram. But a [Spellscribe]’s useful. You—Minotauress—we’ll talk. You’re staying at The Wandering Inn, right? Anyone who can put up with her deserves some sympathy.”
He jerked a thumb at Erin. She looked indignant.
“Hey! Is no one going to talk about the names? Pelt? Palt? Huh? Huh?”
The others looked at her. Umbral, Pelt, Palt, Montressa, Beza…the Centaur slowly puffed away on his cigar. He offered Pelt one; the Dwarf refused it.
“I pity you bastards. Alright, Umbral, show me my forge. And do me a favor?”
“Anything, Master Pelt.”
