7.31
Page 24
“No. Absolutely not. Erin, your Skills aren’t going to work like you think.”
“What am I supposed to do?”
“Stay here!”
Half the inn chorused. Palt shook his head as he trotted over.
“Erin. Even the Elusive Lot would have trouble with this. I don’t think—”
He halted as Erin turned to face him.
“Palt. I need your help. Please help me. Montressa—Beza. Please.”
The Wistram Mages looked at each other. Doubt was written across their faces. But after a second, Beza nodded.
“Better than sitting around.”
“Beza!”
Montressa looked worried, but Erin took that. She yanked the door open.
“Let’s go!”
“Erin! This isn’t a good—”
Lyonette didn’t reach Erin in time. Something slowed her on the way to the door. Maviola cursed; of all the times for Erin to learn—
Beza strode after Erin and then Palt and Montressa followed. Erin found herself in the streets, suddenly surrounded by noise. She looked around.
“Okay. Okay—let’s do this.”
“Erin. This really isn’t going to w—”
The [Aegiscaster] was cut off by Palt. He blocked her with one hand. Erin wasn’t listening. She had to do this. She’d caused crowds to appear. She could force them to stop, right?
It wasn’t hard to find the mob. Erin just had to follow the shouting.
She found them outside of City Hall. A group of Drakes was surrounding the lines of [Guards], throwing things at the building. A few had made primitive firebombs out of alcohol or alchemical items. Or just oil.
“Stay back!”
Senior Guardswoman Beilmark was leading the [Guards] holding the doors. They weren’t advancing and the crowd wasn’t getting closer. They were chanting, Erin heard.
“No Lizards! No Lizards!”
“Give us the Minotaur!”
Erin’s blood ran cold when she heard that. She counted; there were hundreds filling the square. The [Mages] looked worriedly at each other.
“That’s a lot of—”
Palt raised a finger to his lips. He pulled out a black cigar, but didn’t light it. Montressa du Valeross watched as Erin Solstice surveyed the crowds.
Montressa liked Erin. Despite it all. The [Innkeeper] was extraordinary, besides her nature as someone from Earth. She was the most accomplished, highest-level Earthworlder that Montressa knew of. She was also—insane.
Not just about this. She made friends with Goblins, liked the Antinium—but she had the same kind of mad genius that some of Wistram’s best [Mages] had. Montressa could respect that. But in this—Erin was over her head.
“Okay. Cast [Calm] and spells when I start talking. Got it?”
“It’s not going to work.”
Montressa’s voice went unheard. Erin didn’t understand! The [Mage] looked at Palt; he should know more than anyone!
Mass-control spells existed. [Mass Calm], for instance—Montressa knew it. But her lessons in illusion magic told her this was not the crowd to try it on.
Then again—this was Erin Solstice. The [Innkeeper] strode forwards. The Crazy Human of Liscor raised her lantern.
“Hey!”
Her voice was louder than the crowd’s. They turned. They saw the blue flame. The young woman concentrated.
“What are you all doing? Who’s killing Calruz? Who’s attacking Workers?”
The Drakes and Gnolls turned. They saw her. Erin Solstice. The flames washed over them and they faltered. Montressa heard the chanting falter.
“The flame.”
She breathed. She remembered it. What a dirty trick! But she remembered Erin’s instructions.
“[Mass Calm].”
“[Calm]. [Calm].”
Beza was casting the spell on individuals. Montressa saw a group of twenty lower their weapons. She grimaced. This was not her forte. Then she heard Palt murmur.
“[Calming Winds].”
