7.31
Page 50
Sir Relz gestured at Erin, who was folding her arms and glowering at the [Lords]. But they left it at that.
To most people—it was just the ending to some drama. They wouldn’t even glance twice at Erin’s face, except to maybe comment how lucky she was or venture that she was the [Innkeeper] with the magic door. Someone to remember, maybe.
For Archmage Nailihuaile, Erin Solstice’s name and face was burned into her retinas. The Lamia Archmage sat in front of her personal scrying orb.
“An ordinary [Innkeeper]. With a magic door. Hm. Beatrice? What did Montressa’s last report say about this Erin Solstice?”
The Lamia brightly turned to a Dullahan. She’d taken Beatrice under her wing. The Dullahan bowed.
“She reported that after investigation, Erin Solstice was not from Earth. Her original reports were in error, due to Erin Solstice meeting those from Earth and learning recipes. She is sheltering this ‘Joseph’ in her inn, but Montressa has been unable to make contact due to the Ullsinoi faction’s influence and complications in Liscor.”
“Complications in Liscor…? Ah, that fight with those adventurers she was after. She didn’t get them either, did she?”
Beatrice’s grip closed on the notes.
“…No, Archmage.”
Nailihuaile affected not to notice. She was good at that, especially around Viltach and Feor. She looked at Erin Solstice.
“Well, well. You know something, Beatrice?”
“No, Archmage Nailihuaile. What is it?”
The Lamia sighed. Beatrice was no fun. She was very competent—but not fun. Montressa could be fun.
“Beza’s report says the same thing. The Scriptels shared it with me. And you know—I think Montressa is lying. Lying through her teeth. About this ‘Pisces’ fellow that we expelled. About Erin. I think she’s become a bit traitorous.”
She smiled brightly. Beatrice’s expression was thunderous. She stared as Sir Relz and Noass returned to Pallass.
“What will you do, Archmage Nailihuaile?”
“Call me Naili, I keep telling you, Beatrice!”
The Lamia laughed lightly. She slithered over to the orb and disconnected it. Then she turned.
“I think I should make sure. With someone other than Bezale or dear Mons. And before Viltach and Feor wise up—if they haven’t already. And when I do—if Montressa has been lying to me?”
Her smile was very happy. But Beatrice saw the gleam in the Lamia’s eyes. Like a serpent.
“…Montressa may just have to be expelled from Wistram too. Beatrice, let’s find out. I hope she’s been honest. She is your friend, after all.”
The Dullahan woman looked at the dead orb. She shook her head.
“She was, Archmage.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was angry. She was indignant. She was many things. But at the end of it all—she wasn’t going to kick the [Lords] out of her inn.
Not just yet. She sat in her inn, arms folded. The [Lords] looked at her.
They did not like being judged. Magnolia had judged them and they had hated her for it. Somehow, this young woman was worse. Magnolia had contempt. Erin had disappointment.
“Over a [Trade War]? People died.”
“People…are dying, Miss Solstice. Perhaps not directly. But our lands cry out for want of resources. Invrisil is a trading hub. We have given Reinhart offense. But I hoped she would relent.”
Lord Toldos inclined his head at her. She narrowed her eyes.
“Couldn’t you have just apologized? That was what she wanted, right?”
“Apologize?”
It was as if they were speaking different languages. The [Lords] looked aghast. Lord Toldos hesitated.
