7.31
Page 41
Drassi hurried off. Before Erin could process that revelation, she heard a sound.
“—them—”
A roar of fury. Everyone in the inn froze. Erin barreled out of the kitchen.
“What was that!?”
She looked around. Numbtongue recoiled from the magic door.
“Invrisil! It’s still in the middle of the riots!”
“Maybe let’s put the magic door back in the hallway, huh, Numbtongue?”
The Goblin nodded. Embarrassed, he dragged it down the hallway. Ishkr and Erin went to help.
The [Innkeeper] stared at the door after it was placed back in its usual spot. She glanced at Ishkr, but said nothing. The sudden surge of sound had worried her.
“I’m going to open the door. Just to see how Veeid’s doing, okay?”
Numbtongue nodded. Ishkr backed up.
“Miss Erin, maybe we should—”
Erin yanked the door open for a second, ready to slam it shut. She heard another wave of sound. People were shouting! But the inn was safe.
Boarded up. Veeid spun as he saw Erin appear.
“Miss Solstice! Dead gods! Please, let us have those [Knights] back!”
“Veeid! What’s wrong? Sorry, we were in Liscor with the riots—”
The portly [Innkeeper] was pale. The [Bouncers] were watching the doors, looking very nervous. The staff were hiding in the kitchen.
“We—the crowd went to Lady Reinhart’s mansion, but they came back even more furious! They’ve been tearing up parts of the city! They didn’t break in here, but they tried—twice! They’re hunting some people. I’d take it as a kindness, Miss Solstice if you’d let us shelter at your inn. Just for a moment!”
Erin nodded instantly.
“Of course. Come on through! But who’re they after, Veeid?”
The man practically jumped through the doorway. He looked back as the other staff flooded after him, even the [Bouncers].
“[Lords]. They’re going to be torn to shreds if they don’t get out of the city. Nothing to do with us, though. They started this. I hope they get what’s coming to them.”
Veeid’s tone was vindictive. Erin looked at him as the others came through the door. Her eyes flickered.
“Yeah. What’s coming to them. Getting beaten up.”
“Or lynched. Either way—where’s Lady Walchaís? My inn!”
The man ran down the corridor. Erin looked at Numbtongue. She recalled quite clearly—her first reaction to hearing about the riots in Invrisil.
“I wanted to go out there and stop them. The riots, I mean. Good thing I didn’t try then with the lantern, huh, Numbtongue?”
“Mm.”
The [Bard] watched as Redit, the [Cook], and two [Barmaids] hurried through the doors. They stared at the Goblin’s face. But they knew the score. Anywhere else—and he would have been in trouble.
Erin knew that. What protected Numbtongue was her. Even with his ‘honorary citizenship’ thing that Liscor had given him, he couldn’t just walk into Liscor. In fact, the only two times had been during riots when something worse than a ‘Goblin’ was striking the city.
“Why did you want to stop the riots?”
The [Bard] was looking at Erin. She shrugged.
“I just—don’t like how it felt. You know, Maviola shows me auras. And they felt so angry. And sad. Upset. It wasn’t their fault.”
The Hobgoblin shrugged, a metaphysical commentary on the nature of injustice in the world. Erin looked at him.
“I couldn’t magically make them feel better. I thought I could. You know, with sports. But it doesn’t always work. Guess I got a big head.”
“I’ve seen worse.”
She smiled for a second. The Hobgoblin unslung his guitar. And Reiss kicked him. The ghost pointed, even though Numbtongue didn’t feel the blow.
“Watch her.”
Numbtongue saw Erin looking out the door. He heard the shouting. He saw something on Erin’s finger glitter.
