7.31
Page 13
The man bowed. And the other leaders of Esthelm and craftspeople were coming forwards. Pelt jerked a thumb at Erin.
“Get rid of her. She’s bothersome to my work.”
Erin saw every head turn to her. She wavered.
“Hey now. Pelt, that was a joke, right? We’re best buds! Hey—don’t shove—Pelt, say someth—Pelt, you traitor! Traitor!”
 
—-
 
Pelt of Deríthal-Vel heard Erin’s voice growing softer in the distance. He had travelled far from his home. But he would always be from there.
The Dwarf was old. Old—and young. A lad, really. They called him a master. But he had seen masters. If he had stayed—
Perhaps it was better he’d left. As he had told Maughin, greatness came from challenging, not copying. If only he had known that and left with his head held high. Rather than disgrace.
The Dwarf’s eyes grew dark. He nearly stumbled and fell—in front of all the Humans. But though that blasted girl had—knocked the rust off him, he couldn’t confront the last.
This was enough. Pride in metal. Pride in your craft. Pride in yourself. What good is the quality of the steel if there was no heart in the hand the held the hammer? Damn that Dullahan.
Maughin would be a master in his own time. For now—Pelt murmured something as Umbral led him to the forge.
“You don’t have to kick her out of the city. That was a joke. Didn’t you say you owed her countless favors?”
“Of course, Master Pelt. But you said—apologies.”
The man bowed, flustered. The Dwarf saw him hurry off. And he sighed as he beheld his forge.
“Ah. That is what I wanted.”
The others stared. Some dismayed. Liscor’s Council, other [Smiths]—the aghast [Senators] made no effort to hide their disdain.
But the [Mages] were smarter than that. Out of the corner of his eye, Pelt saw the fiery-haired Maviola—much like the old woman he’d refused to serve—inspecting the forge.
“Hm. Interesting.”
The forge was—primitive. Not like Pallass’ grand forges ready to shape steel, or even Liscor’s new one meant for him. At first glance it seemed crude.
Oh, the people of Esthelm had worked hard. The stone and mortar made a large, large building. Three times larger than any other forge. And they’d built it carefully, leaving no flaws.
It just lacked pomp. Expensive wood, color—who needed that? It had more. Pelt stomped into his forge as his apprentices stifled their dismay.
“Living quarters. Good. Don’t care. Put my stuff in a room.”
He shouted at the apprentices. Then he turned to regard the forge. He found the smart ones already there. Palt, the Centaur, nodded to him as he trotted around an anvil placed in a magical circle.
“Sub-compartmentalized rooms. Each one blast-enchanted?”
“Good eyes, Baleros brat. You’ve seen smithies before?”
“Not like this.”
Beza murmured. The Minotauress eyed the multiple anvils. One was made out of stone. Another in the magical circle—and there were multiple forges. Mostly shells; Pelt would have to customize them.
“What is this, Master Smith? I have been in the House of Minos’ forges, but never seen this.”
“Bah. That’s because your lot doesn’t forge magic. This is magic. I’ll need to hire someone to make sure the forges can get hot enough. Stone melts, damn the stuff. You’ve never seen Wistram’s smithing halls?”
“Few smiths come to Wistram with the talent anymore.”
Montressa emerged from another room, brushing frost off her robes. Grasgil would be made there. Pelt grunted; he didn’t mind them looking. Wistram had stolen forge designs; they wouldn’t get his metals, though.
“What a waste. Alright. You lot clear out! It looks decent. But where’s the standard anvils?”
“Here. Master Pelt—”
