7.31
Page 47
She popped a cork and drank. The [Lady] just looked at Erin.
“That was your solution?”
“Only if they attacked people. I had to save Visma’s apartment that way. Well—that was easier. I just needed the [Knights]. Hey—Ser Kerrig? Thanks!”
“Milady Solstice, my pleasure.”
The [Knight] bowed to her. The [Lords] turned back to Erin Solstice.
There she stood, wiping blood from her cheeks and asking for a towel. The flag was only a bit covered with dirt and blood. It had looked far worse.
“She charged them under the flag of truce. Who is that young woman who saved us, Bethal?”
The voice came from Lord Toldos. He looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] turned. She offered him a weary smile.
“Hi. I’m Erin. Erin Solstice. I heard you were all in trouble. So I went to find you. Guess I made it just in time, huh? Who’re you?”
The [Lords] looked at her. It was inconceivable to some that they should be saved by someone by chance. Lord Toldos bowed after a second.
“I am Lord Toldos of House Everight. I am in your debt—Lady Solstice?”
He glanced at Ser Kerrig. Erin laughed.
“Oh, I’m not a [Lady]. I’m just an [Innkeeper].”
Again they gaped. But the truth was undeniable. Erin stood there, panting, wiping her brow.
“Hey Lyonette! Got any water? And more healing potions. That guy doesn’t look good.”
Lord Mel was indeed still out of it. Even healing potions didn’t do for concussions well. And as the [Lords] relaxed, coming to grips with their rescue, they finally noticed the people in the inn.
Drakes. Gnolls. The Human [Lords], some of whom had never been surrounded by non-Humans in their entire life and only seen them when they clashed at the Bloodfields, checked their arms nervously. But Erin walked around.
“Thanks for coming at the drop of a hat, Jelaqua.”
“Well, Moore was already insisting we see if Mrsha was alright. And my man was in Esthelm so we were right there. Right, Grimalkin?”
The Selphid threw an arm around Grimalkin’s shoulder. The [Sinew Magus] deliberately folded his arms and ignored the now-copper ring. He wondered how many had seen it. How many knew.
“I consider it a small debt, Miss Solstice. I will have you oblige me with some…help with my training regimen. Later. I understood the necessity.”
“Thank you. And you, Pelt.”
“Hah. I got to break a few legs. Felt like the old days with Terandrian snots. Just give me free drinks for a month.”
The Dwarf trooped over to the door. Erin rolled her eyes and gave him a hug from behind until he grumped off. She went on, talking to the others, speaking to Yellow Splatters, thanking Keldrass, who shrugged, somewhat pleased at being able to punch Humans.
A mixed group. Some close friends. Others—acquaintances. Maviola watched too. Erin had splendidly called them to her. An [Innkeeper]’s power. Someone who cultivated friendship like Magnolia and the others cultivated sheer power, force of arms.
But it disturbed her, slightly, to see Erin use it like that. Maviola was no stranger to war. She could see the necessity of putting down a riot. But Erin Solstice had made the jump from trying to calm a riot with no violence at all to the most expedient route: beating them down with a group of elites.
“What a dangerous girl. She has both flower and sword in either hand.”
Maviola shook her head. She had misjudged Erin slightly.
“Excuse me. But where’s Lord Eick?”
“Dead. They killed him.”
Alman answered curtly. He was shaking. Now he came to grips with it—Magnolia Reinhart. He closed his eyes. When all was said and done—his grudge to her was deepened this day.
“Where are we, father? Are we safe? Can we go home?”
