7.31
Page 38
If they could have gone through the magic door, that would have been another matter. But the crowds found the magic door missing. And indeed—they saw very little of The Wandering Inn after Erin’s first mistake.
Ekirra’s family was sheltering in their apartment. They hadn’t joined the fury—even though they’d lost gold. The protests, yes. Afterwards? No. Ekirra’s father and mother and his siblings all sat together, talking, playing little games with wooden tops. The little Gnoll was worried. Also upset—he wasn’t allowed to kick the ball inside. Everyone had snapped at him when he tried to kick it off the wall and practice what Mister Kevin had showed him.
When the angry people passed by their streets, everyone went silent. The last crowd had been mostly Drakes, but they’d been looking for things to steal, not to burn homes. Ekirra had heard them.
Now, he nibbled on the fur on his arm, a nervous tic he wasn’t supposed to do anymore. No one stopped him though.
When the knocking came on the door, Ekirra’s parents stiffened. The room went silent; there wasn’t any light in the room. They were quiet.
“Make no sound.”
Ekirra’s mother whispered. The knocking came again. Ekirra’s father stood up. He reached for a belt-dagger and his family stared at him. Then—a voice came.
“Ekirra! Hey—is anyone in here? It’s me!”
The others jumped. That was Erin! Ekirra’s tail began to wag. He finally sniffed her scent over the smell of burning.
“Miss Solstice?”
The father whispered. He went to the door, peered through the spy hole.
“I don’t see you.”
“I’m invisible. Hey, Numbtongue—hold that door steady! Palt, can you re-visable me for a sec?”
The door opened. Someone entered the room. Erin reappeared. The Gnoll family gasped. Erin waved at them.
“Hey! Glad to see you’re okay. Do you want to come with me?”
“What? I don’t understand. Miss Erin, how did you get here? There was a crowd—it’s not safe. Come in!”
The Gnoll protested. But Erin pointed.
“I was invisible. We’re going around, making sure people are okay! We’ve checked on Selys, Visma, Ishkr’s good, but he’s looking for his sister.”
She waved towards something. Ekirra, peeking around his father’s legs, saw the magic door. It was being held up by…he sniffed. Mister Numbtongue and Miss Minotaur?
“If you want to stay here, that’s fine. But we can let you come to the inn. It’s safe. There’s the Garden and no one’s come to bother us.”
Erin was telling Ekirra’s family. The parents wavered only a second. Then they nodded.
“Hey! Anyone else who wants to come to the inn! Come on through!”
The young woman was aware of the power of Gnoll hearing. More than one apartment opened and disgorged the largely Gnoll residents. She herded them through the door. Then she turned.
“Okay, Palt. Invisibility time.”
She vanished and Numbtongue, Beza, and Erin all hurried down the street. When a crowd came by—they put the door down. No one noticed.
“I think that’s nearly everyone. Let’s get this door close to the Watch House or the Adventurer’s Guild.”
Erin panted. Numbtongue growled an affirmative. Erin walked forwards—right into Bezale.
“Ow. Sorry, Beza. Let me just—oh, that’s you, Numbtongue. Sorry, sorry.”
Swearing, the three got the door down another street. They found 4th Company locking down the area around the Watch House. Here they ran into trouble.
“Captain! I’m sensing something! Invisibles on approach!”
The [Mage] attached to the blockade of Captain Wikir’s squad couldn’t see them, but even low-level [Mages] had their ways. Erin, Numbtongue, and Palt saw the [Soldiers] curse.
“Halt!”
