7.31
Page 16
A master’s work. He couldn’t have been at his work longer than an hour. Just one hour, to forge a sword. Insultingly short for anyone else. But before the hour was done, Pelt was removing scaling with a single motion, adding a design into the edge of the blade, fitting it to a hilt.
And when he was done? The sword had only one edge. The steel was polished, and it gleamed like a grey mirror. Beautiful with oil and polish.
But the red and gold shone like the very edge of the blade dripped with the blood of some magical beast.
Dragonblood Crystal. And Truegold. It was attached to a simple handle with a guard for the hand. And the smith regarded it thoughtfully.
“A simple piece. I had not the materials for anything greater yet. The edge—the rest of the blade is expendable. But the edge can be fitted again and again. And if treated with care, it shall last a year of war. A decade without. A century if only worn about and carried like a damn heirloom. While it lasts, it will cut down anything it touches. Like so.”
He turned the blade and brought it down. Erin saw something fall from the anvil.
The horn. The Dwarf sliced again, and another chunk came loose. The crowd gasped; the blade was beyond a razor’s edge. Pelt held the blade and Erin saw him smile.
“It will be long before I forge a blade worthy of legends such as I have seen. But for now—this suffices. So. Take it.”
He stepped out from behind the anvil. Erin saw him walking towards her. She looked around and stepped out of the way. But Pelt followed her. He held the blade in a cloth grip.
“Don’t touch the edges, girl. If you lose a finger, I won’t take responsibility for it. Don’t trip either.”
She blinked. Lyonette gasped and Mrsha stared. From where she stood, Maviola’s eyes blazed. The [Mages], the other [Smiths] were silent. Erin looked down at Pelt.
“Wait. Me?”
“Give it to that damn Goblin with the disgusting piece of metal he calls a sword. Yes, for you. Or did you think we were quits? I don’t forget my debts. This is better than the Grasgil.”
The [Innkeeper] looked at him. At a loss for words. She looked at the beautiful sword.
“Um. How much is it? I can pay—”
Someone laughed. It was Pelt. He laughed and threw his head back. He looked at Erin, shook his head, and laughed again.
The [Innkeeper] stared at him. Then she heard a giggle. Lyonette and Mrsha were laughing, the Gnoll silently, Lyonette trying to stifle the noise. Then Erin smiled. She saw the silly humor too. She laughed as well, and hugged Pelt, keeping away from the blade. She kissed his cheek and whispered.
“Thank you. Don’t stay away from the inn.”
“You can give me as much free drinks as you want, then.”
She hugged her silly, grumpy, friend. And he gently hugged her too.
The [Innkeeper] took the beautiful blade in a sheath back to the inn. A Hobgoblin got a new sword.
Just in time for the riots to get markedly worse.
 
—-
 
In Invrisil, a mob was marching on Magnolia’s estates. It had taken the [Lords] some doing—to get the crowds to move out of Invrisil and actually march to Magnolia’s mansion. Because it was several miles outside of the city, perhaps for that exact reason. Travelling salespeople, thieves, and mobs all had to walk and were conspicuously exposed on the approach.
But they’d done it. People were angry. Their money was gone. Lost to ‘The Golden Triangle’, which had turned out to be nothing but an idea. Words that stole your money and gave back promises.
