7.31
Page 9
Erin hadn’t done that. It had been Pelt. Maviola saw flames igniting each other. Erin just saw—connections. Pieces on a board. But also her friends.
And then he was walking towards them. The Dwarf looked at Erin, and she was conscious of every head swinging towards her. The [Senators] hissed or growled or fluttered their wings at her. The Dullahans just stared.
“Uh. Hi, Pelt. What’s up?”
He grinned. The Dwarf’s teeth flashed in the sunlight.
“Heard that damn Golden Triangle thing caused protests. Decided it’d be a good day myself. I’m leaving Pallass.”
“He can’t. We hired him! We paid your asking price! Master Pelt—don’t listen to this—this lowly [Innkeeper]!”
Senator Errif howled. He chased after Pelt. Erin saw everyone following; to avoid being caught by the angry ones, she and Maviola stepped after Pelt and the apprentices following him.
“Who’s the other Human? Smells like fire. Keep away from my forge.”
Pelt grunted at Maviola. She bowed.
“Master Pelt? My name is Maviola—”
“Like that old crone who tried to hire me for the House of El? Gah. I already don’t like you.”
The Dwarf snorted. Maviola’s mouth slowly closed. She raised a fist and then punched Pelt in the back. He stumbled, swearing.
“Gah! What’s your problem?”
“That’s my—namesake!”
Grimalkin glanced sharply at Maviola and his claws twitched towards his belt and a quill. Erin saw Pelt snort at her. Something came out his nose.
“So? You can tell her what I said. Word for word. You another fire freak like she was? Feels like it. First you—then you—I almost joined El over Pallass since it was closer, but I got tired with her fire-talk after the first minute.”
Maviola turned pale. Erin had to actually hold her back from kicking Pelt down the stairs. He strode on.
There were protests. The entire fifth floor downwards was filled with angry people. Erin saw the Watch keeping them back, though. Pelt snorted.
“Just another reason to get out of here. At least in a smaller city I’ll have less idiots bothering me at my forge. Incidentally—”
He pointed at Erin.
“—That’s the reason I left. Not because of you.”
“Sure, Pelt. So—I guess people are angry about it?”
The second crowd chasing them seemed to be a good indication of this. But the [Senators] weren’t as fast on their feet and their robes slowed them down so that even Pelt could outdistance them. He jogged towards the door on the 8th floor, puffing.
“Don’t let them leave! [Guards]! Close the checkpoint!”
Sergeant Kel had a bad day. But Grimalkin put one claw out.
“Belay that order. Master Pelt is authorized to travel to Liscor.”
“Hey Kel. Tell Venim this wasn’t my fault either, okay? It was Pelt’s decision, right?”
Erin nudged Pelt weakly. The [Sergeant] stared at the master [Blacksmith] and then at Erin. Pelt strode through the gates. But the Assembly of Crafts put out one last desperate attempt.
“Master Pelt. We’d hesitate to stop you by force. You are a lawful citizen—”
“And you couldn’t stop me. I know my rights in your damned Walled Cities. You hold me a day and Dwarfhome will cease all trade with Pallass. And you lot still need our knowledge!”
The Dwarf glared. The [Senator], Errif, hesitated.
“—That aside. Master Pelt, we are all too willing to d—triple whatever Liscor is paying you.  Consider it a signing fee for another—five years?”
Erin inhaled. Pelt only thought for a second then shook his head. The door swung open and Erin heard a commotion on the other side.
“He’s coming? Is it the Dwarf? Everyone line up! I can’t wait to see the looks on Pallass’ stupid faces—ahem.”
