7.31
Page 49
“Does this come from a blue…fruit with a toxic center, Miss? I know it germinates in southern Izril. It comes so dear up north.”
“Oh, that’s blue fruits alright. We’ve got an orchard, don’t worry. Here, have some. On the house. Everyone feels better after blue fruit juice and pizza. Don’t look at me like that, Grimalkin. It’s comfort food.”
The [Innkeeper] offered more pizza. The old [Lord] nibbled at it. Alman had finished his slice without even knowing. He chewed on the crust, reached for another since they were on offer.
A little white paw grabbed his slice. The [Lord] peered under the table and saw a white…dog? No, a Gnoll! He nearly jumped out of his seat. Mrsha scurried away and shared her pizza with Visma and Ekirra.
What an inn. What a place! His head was spinning. But he had to ask.
“Is that…is that Hobgoblin er…t—safe?”
He almost said ‘tame’, but he was catching up. Numbtongue glanced up.
“Usually. If people attack me, not very.”
He answered for Erin. Then he went back to strumming on his guitar. The [Lords] checked their drinks to make sure it wasn’t wine.
Erin Solstice laughed. It was an infectious sound. It didn’t change the world. Bring back the dead, or stop a riot. But Maviola thought it was as compelling as Magnolia’s charms. Perhaps more so. She laughed, leaned on a table, and sat down.
“Whoof. I’m dizzy. My legs are shaking. That was crazy. That was…I’m so glad.”
She looked around, smiling at the others. And Lord Alman was compelled to put aside his drink.
“Miss—Miss Erin. I should like to say that House Sanito owes you a debt, once again. If we can repay you in any way…”
He hesitated. Now, he was thinking of his house. That damn [Trade War] wasn’t going to end anytime soon. But there was that and this.
“…I should like to oblige you. I would be dead but for your intervention.”
The young woman looked up at him. Her eyes opened wide.
“Really? Well—there is something. But…hey. You don’t have to do anything for me. I just did what any person would do.”
The ridiculousness of that statement made Alman smile. He saw the young woman lean back, sighing.
“So what happened? I just heard Magnolia kicked the riot back into Invrisil. That was…bad of her. I don’t like her, but I didn’t think she was evil.”
The [Lords] exchange a glance. Uncomfortably, they saw Bethal—and the young [Lady] with the fiery hair looking at them. Lord Ranga cleared his throat.
“We—were trying to force Reinhart to end her [Trade War].”
“Wow. That was never going to work.”
Erin commented. The [Lord] narrowed his eyes; gratitude only went so far. Lord Toldos sat there.
“It was a fool’s errand, I suppose. Still—if we hadn’t angered her…the riots were our fault. She would have listened to reason if…”
He trailed off. And Erin looked at him. Really…looked at him. Her easy smile vanished.
“…What did you just say?”
 
—-
 
In the news, the riots were said to have ended after law reasserted itself. A rather shaken Noass and Sir Relz reported that. They’d missed the fighting, having hidden in the sewers.
They looked more aware of their roles now, and culpability they shared. But the [Commentators] still made a point of showing the living [Lords], safely ensconced in the inn.
“…We’re returning to Pallass now. And once again—I think this is a learning experience. The—the synchronization of these riots leaves us all with some soul-searching, however just the reasons, right Sir Relz?”
“Absolutely. We have to condemn violence such as this in unequivocal terms. I’m only glad that good Samaritans like this young [Innkeeper] exist.”
