7.31
Page 11
Lism jostled with the Gnoll as the [Senators] and Councilmembers fought to get Pelt’s attention. Threats were exchanged—fighting broke out. Erin just followed Pelt.
The Dwarf walked back and stopped at the magical door again. It was open to Liscor. He looked back at Erin.
“Miss Solstice. I still owe you one favor. Despite the damn mithril thing. Not sure…”
He passed his hand over his face and his expression went perfectly blank for a moment. Then he shook his head. And then he smiled. For a moment, he looked at the magical door. Krshia had set it to Liscor. And he looked like a grandfather, many decades older than Erin, a young man remembering his passion, a [Smith] regaining his fire. He reached out—
And slapped the door shut. Erin jumped. Maviola blinked. The fighting Council and [Senators] stared as Pelt reached up. He was too short.
“Apprentice! Change the door!”
Emessa hurried forwards. She adjusted the dial. Everyone stared. Erin’s mouth opened.
“Wait a second. That’s—”
The door opened. Pelt strode forwards.
“Aha. I’m expected, am I? Is my forge ready?”
And the Human man on the other end bowed.
“Master Pelt—it is. We’re honored to have you.”
The Drakes, the Gnolls, stared. They looked in horror as Pelt walked forwards, through the door. He had been stolen. By—
“Humans?”
Lism whispered in horror. Errif’s jaw dropped.
“Invrisil?”
And Erin’s smile vanished. She shouted.
“Magnolia Reinhart?”
She looked at Pelt, her eyes bulging. Betrayed. The Dwarf looked back. And he laughed in her face. He laughed his ass off. He laughed—and Erin realized—she was wrong.
“Wait.”
The door had opened onto a street. Not an inn. And even if it had been moved—this was the wrong street. Her eyes narrowed. Then widened as she realized the trick Pelt had played on them. On them all.
It wasn’t Invrisil. It was—
“Esthelm.”
The small Human city of [Miners] situated north of Liscor was turned out to see the Dwarven [Smith]. Pelt walked past their Watch Captain and head of the militia, a man she’d met before—
Umbral. The man who had taken over the city’s security. He had helped Erin with a coup this one time. He was bowing to Pelt.
“Master Pelt, we’re delighted to have you. We have your quarters for your apprentices. And your forge. We even have a small celebration in your honor…”
“Good to hear it. But I want to make sure my forge is ready first. Save your celebration. Maybe cheer these idiots up with it.”
Pelt jerked a thumb over his shoulder at the speechless crowds. He smiled, in the best of moods and walked forwards.
Esthelm cheered him. The people turned out of the stone houses built into the city that lay in the middle of the High Passes and the road heading north from Liscor. The mining folk—who had suffered the Goblin Lord’s assault—were shouting Pelt’s name. And why not? Here was a master [Smith]. In their city.
Not Liscor. Not Pallass. Not Celum or Invrisil. It left the others speechless. But despite herself—Erin found a huge smile on her face. Maviola was crestfallen. But she didn’t get it.
Look at him. Pelt looked so happy.
“But why Esthelm? It doesn’t have anything!”
Lism spluttered. The [Senators] were just as appalled. It was Pelt who snorted.
“Doesn’t have anything? Esthelm provides all the damn ore in the region! They offered me iron for copper.”
And that was what mattered to a [Smith]. More than drinks. More than a Walled City. Erin marveled. Of course, someone like Pelt wanted those things. So it was a good thing he had a magical door.
“You brilliant jerk.”
