7.31
Page 31
Voices roared at her. Magnolia waved a hand, but the noise was overwhelming. She shrugged. And brought her foot down.
“Silence.”
A shockwave rippled through the crowd. Noise stopped. Teriarch sighed; the only sound in the sudden hush. Magnolia Reinhart stood there, calmly looking from face to face.
“That’s better. Now, good evening to you all. What, may I ask, has brought you all here?”
Lips moved. But something was holding the shouts of fury down. Some of the higher-leveled members of the crowd could speak, though. Magnolia heard a voice.
“The Golden Triangle. We want reimbursement!”
She stared at a face in bemusement. It was a Gold-ranked adventurer. She blinked at him.
“You, my good man? Aren’t you an adventurer? Tobi the Turbulent, or something.”
Todi, the leader of Todi’s Elites, hesitated as every eye fell on him. But he shouted, clenching his teeth against her Skill.
“I lost almost everything on The Golden Triangle! Same as everyone here! You’re the [Lady] of Invrisil—shouldn’t we be paid something back?”
Yes, exactly. Todi wasn’t the ideal mouthpiece—but the crowd managed a swell of voices. Magnolia waved them down. She looked calmly around.
“Ah, I see. This terrible business with The Golden Triangle. You’d all like your money back, would you?”
Yes! The [Lady] paused to let the noise fall.
“And why is it my fault? Did I tell you to spend the money? Did I end the Golden Triangle? Why not petition Wistram? They rather crudely brought the scheme down. But at what point did I assume responsibility for your decisions?”
Silence. Then someone shouted.
“But it wasn’t our faults! We were tricked!”
“Indeed you were. And that is quite tragic.”
Magnolia Reinhart smiled. Only, it wasn’t a smile. She looked at the shouter.
“I still do not understand why it is my responsibility to fix your mistakes. You all invested money of your own will. Perhaps it was too much. Perhaps it was tricked and you lack for everything. But why must I amend your faults?”
“Because you’re Invrisil’s [Lady]!”
Todi bellowed back. The crowd echoed him. Magnolia sighed.
“And that means I should hold your hands? Cover your every ill? I am quite happy to end a plague, or reimburse damages from a storm. But this was no storm. This was your choice. Should I then replace a baked loaf of bread you let grow stale and moldy? If you lame a horse by your poor care and riding, should I buy you another?”
The stinging words were not endearing her to anyone. And Sir Relz and Noass were capturing it all. Todi blustered, pointing a finger at Magnolia.
“So that’s it? What’re you going to do?”
“Nothing.”
Magnolia’s calm reply made the Gold-ranked Captain freeze. She looked at him and he quailed. Magnolia Reinhart glanced around.
“I do not owe you money. I rather believe you have been misled to protest here. Ladies and gentlemen—I am a great fan of charity. I do not believe in covering for other’s mistakes. You may demand as much gold from me as you wish. And you are welcome to protest. But you may not enter my mansion. You may try, of course. That is your choice. As it has always been.”
The crowd waited. But Magnolia Reinhart was done. She pointed.
“Now, if you will excuse me. I believe the fine men who prompted you to waste your time here would like a word. Milords? You may enter. No one else.”
The gates swung open. The crowd backed up. Some tried for the opening. A few could make it past Magnolia’s aura. They moved forwards—
And the Steel Golems swung down their swords. Todi—a handful of others backed up. Magnolia Reinhart gestured.
