7.31
Page 19
“Hm? Is that our sports-person? Drassi, is it? Excellent! Transport to Invrisil at once! We can pay. What’s it—eighteen silver for three? Here. Keep the change.”
Noass fumbled a gold piece into Drassi’s claws. She blinked.
“I—uh—I can do that. But what’s going on? Invrisil has riots, Mister Noass. I have to warn you—”
“My dear young Drake. That’s precisely why we’re going. We just got word. And we’re broadcasting this live!”
Sir Relz adjusted his monocle. Noass was rubbing his claws together.
“We’re broadcasting live the moment we go through. Scrying mirror set? How’s things on Wistram’s end?”
“Good, Noass. Wistram is preparing to broadcast.”
A voice from the other end. Numbtongue peered around the Gnoll holding the mirror and saw a [Mage] in a room filled with mirrors. The Dullahan jumped.
“Is that a Goblin?”
“What? Oh—yes. Numbtongues or whatever. Just part of the inn, Miss Beatrice. Miss Drassi, Invrisil?”
“I—okay. I guess I can let you through. Are you sure, though? There’s a lot of angry Humans.”
The [Gossip] hesitated. Both Drakes nodded, impatiently. Numbtongue on the other hand—eyed the mirror.
“I wouldn’t. Bad idea. You’ll get eaten.”
Sir Relz and Noass paused. It was, perhaps, the first time the Hobgoblin had ever spoken to them. Or they had acknowledge his presence beyond stares.
“Excuse me?”
Sir Relz peered at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin had a feeling he was being appraised. He stared up at them from his cross-legged seat.
“Riots are bad. You’ll get hurt. Or make them worse.”
He glanced pointedly at the scrying mirror. Noass huffed.
“Thank you for the warning, Sir Goblin. I think we know what we’re doing, don’t you?”
“Nope.”
There was nothing to say to that. The two Drakes glanced at each other, then deliberately turned their heads and pretended Numbtongue didn’t exist.
“The door is open. But maybe Erin should—”
Drassi glanced at Numbtongue, but the two Drakes pushed through and their Gnoll camerawoman followed them after a moment. Numbtongue sighed. He heard Noass talking rapidly.
“Are we live? We’re live! Hello, this is Noass coming to you from Invrisil! We’ve just received word there’s a riot happening about The Golden Triangle fraud and Sir Relz and I are giving you the premium, exclusive coverage as-it-happens—”
“Idiots.”
The Hobgoblin called through the door. He was rewarded with a spluttering sound and his voice was broadcast, for a moment, worldwide. Drassi covered her mouth in horror.
“Numbtongue!”
But then the two Drakes were gone. Numbtongue sighed. He expected them to come back in pieces as he sat there, listening to the riots. But in that way, the [Bard] was wrong. He let Drassi go back to waiting tables and kept playing music. The shouting in the distance didn’t change as Sir Relz and Noass left the inn.
Meanwhile, the pink Rose Knights and Veeid were fortifying the inn—perhaps due to Numbtongue’s words. Boarding up windows, blocking the back door, and so on. The Hobgoblin watched with one eye, playing song after song to pass the minutes by.
But he heard the riots moving away from Invrisil. Towards Magnolia’s mansion. He supposed he was wrong; only one [Lady] was in trouble, and if Reiss was correct, not in much trouble at all. He got up, deciding that if it was all-clear, he’d go play on Kevin’s laptop or mine something.
That was when he heard a worried voice.
“Numbtongue?”
The Hobgoblin looked up. He saw Drassi peeking through the door at him. The Hobgoblin tensed.
“What’s wrong?”
“I think—you were right. Numbtongue, the riots—”
