7.31
Page 36
“That is certainly how Dragons ruled. And a soft hand usually invites rebellion. I am not condemning that.”
“But you have a point.”
They stood together. The Dragon looked at the [Lady]. And he saw how much had changed. And how little. But he wondered if the girl of sixteen years would have acted like the [Lady]. He couldn’t imagine her sending Golems into a riot, even to protect. But that did not mean she was wrong.
“Tell me, Magnolia. As I understand it—this entire affair with the [Lords] was you declaring a [Trade War] over their insult to you.”
She sniffed and regretted it.
“Argh. Yes. They put themselves as my foes over the outcome of Tyrion’s gambit. They could have chosen not to. Wherein lies my flaw in replying to the insult? They impugned my honor, Teriarch. Would you have let that go?”
For a long while, the simulacra was silent. Teriarch watched the Golems disappearing towards the city. He smelled smoke. He still heard the distant din. After a while, he looked at Magnolia.
“No. If someone insulted me, I would reply just as you did. Because I am a Dragon. You need not be one, though.”
He turned and walked back towards the mansion. Magnolia watched his back. Then she turned with a curse.
“Ressa, make sure none of those idiot [Lords] die. If you can.”
 
—-
 
The Watch of Invrisil was about as efficacious as Liscor’s Watch. They pulled back, guarding important streets to them and let the riots move through the streets. The [Lords] were in flight, but they found themselves driven into the city, unable to escape streets of angry people who wanted their blood.
Meanwhile—Steel Golems marched into Invrisil. They stopped around the Mage’s Guild. The crowds attacked them. Once. The Golems threw down the crowd in seconds. So parts of Invrisil were madness. Parts contained. And that meant the city burned all the brighter in the areas where no one was halting the madness.
Parts were also safeguarded by individuals. The Adventurer’s Guild was untouched. About two-dozen adventurers, Silver and Gold-rank, loitered casually outside. And even members of the riots like Todi weren’t about to clash with fellow adventurers.
That was Invrisil. In Pallass—Chaldion declared martial law. The Walled City was as large as Invrisil, but in Pallass, the riots ended fast.
1st Army and 3rd Army as well as 4th Army sent [Soldiers] to break up the fighting. Even the hottest of flames were quenched by hundreds of armed [Soldiers] willing to apply force. The [Strategist] hunted down pockets of violence like he was fighting an insurgence against a guerilla force. He stomped the embers into ash and an uneasy peace reigned in the Walled City.
That was a fact Noass and Sir Relz would have gleefully pointed out—if they had made it back to Pallass. Unfortunately, they were hiding in Invrisil’s sewers, having also been turned on. When the riot struck Invrisil—minorities like Revi’s friend in the Stitchfolk districts hid. So too did Garuda and Dullahan populations in Pallass, by and large.
In Liscor though—the Antinium Workers had been caught out. And the Humans ran in terror. The Watch was doing its best, but the thing about the law was that it was always outnumbered.
Watch Captain Zevara found Relc Grasstongue. He was sitting outside his apartment. She looked at him.
“Relc…?”
He was covered in soot. His apartment was gone. Torched. The Drake glanced up at her.
“Oh, hey, Captain Z. My home burned down. Sorta sucks.”
“Are you alright? Someone get the [Healer]—”
The Drake shrugged away Zevara’s claws.
