7.31
Page 39
Wikir roared. The [Mage] pointed his wand.
“[Dust Wind]!”
Erin coughed as the dust suddenly covered her invisible body. She waved her arms as the [Soldiers] aimed weapons at them. Unlike the [Guards], 4th Company stuck to their blades.
“Don’t shoot! Don’t shoot! It’s me! Erin!”
The [Soldiers] lowered their weapons. Erin staggered forwards, coughing, as Palt dropped his spell.
“We’ve got a lot of people in the inn! We’re taking the magic door to the Watch House. We can do that, right?”
“Hm. Granted. Send a runner to Wing Commander Embria and the Watch Captain.”
The Gnoll [Captain] eyed Numbtongue and Beza’s silhouettes, but he waved them through. Gratefully, Erin staggered down the street. Then she turned.
“I think we did it. Okay, everyone! We’re in the clear! Anyone got water? I’ve got dust all on me.”
Inside the inn was packed. Even the [Grand Theatre] was stretched to accommodate everyone. The Knights of the Rose and Lady Bethal were standing around with Maviola, Mrsha—who was greeting Ekirra with Visma and urging him and his sibling into the [Garden of Sanctuary] to meet the beavers—Lyonette, reassuring people, and everyone else.
“I’ll admit. This is a better plan than your last one.”
Maviola herself brought over some water. Erin washed her face as Numbtongue grumpily reappeared, sneezing. Beza trotted into the inn.
“Thanks, Maviola. It’s not everything. But you’re right.”
Erin had seen the riots. Looting shops. Harrying Humans and Workers. Apart from one instance, she hadn’t confronted them. When she had, though…well, Numbtongue had skinned his knuckles.
Lady Bethal eyed Erin as the young woman splashed more water on herself and yelped because it was cold.
“You’re a young woman after my heart, Miss Erin. You don’t believe in sitting around, do you?”
“What good does that do? Hey, thanks for lending me the [Knights].”
They bowed. Kerrig, Nil, Welca—there were six in all. But you didn’t need more than six. Maviola glanced at them.
“You’re not going to go anywhere else?”
“…No. Not unless it gets bad. But it sounds like the Antinium are helping to keep order. Apparently there are hundreds of them stopping the riots. That’s good.”
Lady Bethal and Maviola both glanced up at that. Thomast nudged his wife, and Maviola just nodded slowly.
“Yes. ‘Good.’”
Erin ignored that. She turned to Drassi, who was monitoring the news and the door.
“Anything else, Drassi? How’re the other cities?”
“Good. Sir Relz and Noass aren’t on-screen. It’s this Garuda.”
A Garuda was filling in for the two absent Drakes. Erin nodded.
“How’s Esthelm? Celum?”
Drassi shook her head.
“Calm. Celum’s too banged up from the raid to really explode. I checked; Fals said it’s fine.”
“And Esthelm?”
A wry smile. This came from Palt. He was passing around something—Erin nearly objected until she saw it was just little sweets. Mints. Not everything was an edible edible.
“Peaceful. Even besides Master Pelt showing up, I don’t think Esthelm was a huge target of The Golden Triangle. They’re not as connected and they didn’t have as much money to spend.”
“That’s a relief. Selys is at the Adventurer’s Guild and Keldrass’ team is there. So is Hawk and Tekshia. So Selys is safe. I talked to a [Guard]—Jeiss—who says they found Relc and Olesm’s helping from City Hall. So…I guess that’s it.”
Erin leaned back with a sigh. She was tired. But she’d done something. She looked at Maviola.
“How’d I do?”
“Aside from trying to stop a mob with your aura alone? Well. Besides—we just saw Magnolia doing the same.”
The [Innkeeper] sat up with a frown.
“Really? Aw, so that means I’m too low-level.”
