7.31
Page 22
Watch Captain Zevara bellowed as a line of [Guards] advanced. It wasn’t martial law—yet. But the armed crowd had converged on the Mage’s Guild and the Council had ordered her to protect the building.
A hundred [Guards] blocked the streets. More were surrounding the Merchant’s Guild, other sources of fury. The crowd shouted; some people threw rocks, bricks; there was a surplus of ammunition with the new district under construction.
“Hold ranks! No one is to return fire!”
Zevara shouted at the Watch hiding behind shields and barricades. She wasn’t about to risk a clash. And indeed—the crowd wasn’t about to charge a line of [Guards]. Zevara saw people milling about. Her eyes narrowed.
“What are they doing? Are they pulling back…?”
That was when she saw the first smokestack rising. And she realized—
No crowd of people attacked a line of [Guards]. They weren’t mad. They were furious. And since the Watch was guarding this street—the riot just moved to the next street.
Market Street began to burn. Zevara’s head snapped up as the first report came in.
“Watch Captain! They’re torching buildings!”
“What? Why?”
“Residential apartments! Places where members of The Golden Triangle were!”
The Watch Captain cursed.
“Get me a squad of high-level [Guards]. We’re taking everyone who was part of The Golden Triangle under protective custody! Move!”
Then she had a thought. Relc. Zevara turned her head. She left her line of [Guards] behind. Took a squad of forty into the city.
The first thing she saw was Humans on the street. Refugees from Celum—fleeing. They’d been evicted from their homes. Then Zevara passed by a burned shop front.
“A member of The Golden Triangle. Find them.”
Jeiss took a second squad. The Councilmember had left the rest of the Council in City Hall. Zevara ordered her [Guards] to speed up.
They came upon the first mob attacking another target. The Drakes and Gnolls saw Zevara’s squad coming around the street and fled. She saw a shape lying on the ground. The Watch Captain pointed.
“Guards! Arrest that group!”
The [Guards] pursued—but the mob was too fast. They just ran. And Zevara saw the shape on the ground huddled into a ball. She approached. And saw blood. But not red.
Green ichor. The Worker lay on the ground. He had tried to protect himself, but without fighting back. He’d managed to shield his face, body—from the worst of the kicks and blows. But his antennae were torn off.
“Healer!”
Zevara shouted. She approached the Worker.
“Worker. Hello. Are you—”
The Antinium jerked away from her. The Worker scuttled away, running. Zevara turned. Her view of the mob changed again.
“They’re going after the Humans and Antinium. As well as members of The Golden Triangle.”
“Watch Captain? We lost the mob. What order, Watch Captain?”
A [Guard] panted, coming back from chasing the crowd. Zevara hesitated. Her instinct was to tell them to fan out, secure any Workers and escort them back to the Hive now along with the Humans. But then she heard a roar.
“No more outsiders! No more lies!”
A distant shout. Magnified hundreds of times. Zevara and her small squad looked about. They saw torches, armed Drakes and Gnolls. They filled the street, some hurling objects. Others were taking advantage of the confusion to loot shops.
Here they came. The squad of forty saw a flood of angry people coming at them. Zevara didn’t even pause to think.
“Back to the Mage’s Guild! Move!”
