7.31
Page 33
His voice was steady. Teriarch turned to stare at Magnolia. She waited, her face expressionless. The [Lord] went on, his eyes never wavering from hers.
“That is a coward’s act. So I believe, Lady Reinhart. I stand by the rose I sent myself. And I was not there that day. I would never deny the truth of your bravery. Then. Now—I question your honor.”
Some of the other [Lords] murmured support, including Alman. Magnolia’s stare was flinty. But after a moment, she nodded. Not without respect.
“Lord Toldos. Well spoken. It seems, then, we came at odds with one another.”
“So it appears. Now, this [Trade War] threatens my people. They suffer for it. I will have it ended.”
The old Lord Toldos looked at her. Magnolia looked at him.
“Why?”
“Because it is unfair—”
Again, Lord Ranga was transfixed, this time by Magnolia’s stare. She looked at him, and then spread her hands delicately with a sigh.
“Gentlemen. Here we are again with that word. Unfair. Iniquitous. I am attacking your pockets, your gold reserves with my ‘underhanded’ ability to apply economic pressure. Would you prefer if I challenged you to a joust and ran you through?”
She didn’t wait for their reply. Magnolia raised a finger.
“Whilst you studied swordplay, I studied ledgers. This is how I fight my battles and you are simply weaker. Would you dare complain if I were a [Warrior Lady] who had just thrashed you on the field of battle?”
“Probably.”
Ressa muttered. She smiled politely as half a dozen glares turned on her. Teriarch just waited. He had heard all of this before. Perhaps Lord Toldos would have replied then, or Alman, who was working up to a reasonable argument.
But Lord Mel, son of Lord Ranga, pushed forwards. He was bristling with fury, on his father’s behalf as much as anyone else. He pointed at Magnolia, face red with emotion.
“We demand you stop your Skill! We outnumber you! And there are over a dozen noble houses—and dozens more who will have our backs if it comes to a conflict!”
Lord Alman’s head snapped up. He heard Ranga hiss between his teeth.
“Mel! Don’t be a fool!”
The [Lady] looked amused and annoyed at the interruption. She turned to face Lord Mel.
“Young man, you have a very simple view of the world. But since that seems to be on the level of most of the [Lords] here, I’m willing to entertain it. If you would like to persuade me with violence, go right ahead. Ressa, don’t touch the lad. You too, T—Eldavin.”
The [Lordling] hesitated. His father was hissing at him, but Magnolia gestured at him.
“Go ahead. It should prove interesting for both of us. How will you force me to change my mind?”
“By any means necessary. I shouldn’t want to, because you are a [Lady], but I don’t respect your title.”
The young man hotly strode over. Magnolia raised one eyebrow.
“Oh yes. And I am much aquiver in my shoes. Lord Mel, I would advise you to shut up. Your father is not a good example in that regard, but one can always dig deeper, I suppose. What can you do to me? End my [Trade War]? Threaten me? Or will you run me through with your sword?”
“Lady Reinhart, don’t tempt me.”
Mel was breathing hard. His hands were clenched. Magnolia sighed.
“Young man, I am not impressed by heavy breathing. Let alone empty threats. Nor can you—”
He slapped her across the face. It was a fast blow, open-handed.
Magnolia blinked. The [Lords] susurrated. Lord Alman closed his eyes. Ranga snapped.
“Mel!”
The [Lady] rubbed at her cheek. Lord Mel opened his mouth. Teriarch stirred—Magnolia raised a hand.
