7.31
Page 35
“Who thought it was a good idea to broadcast a riot? Wistram and two Drakes from Pallass. Of course. The masters of societal understanding.”
The [Lady] rubbed at her cheek. She felt a soothing bit of liquid; Ressa dabbed at her swollen cheek.
“That stupid boy. I didn’t think he’d actually slap me. I thought even Ranga’s son had more sense.”
“You did provoke him.”
The [Head Maid] wasn’t exactly sympathetic. Magnolia sighed.
“I did. Well, let that be a lesson.”
She turned. And nearly ran into Teriarch.
There the Dragon stood, arms folded. He looked at her, mismatched eyes—not disapproving. But not complimentary either. Magnolia hesitated. And in front of the Dragon she felt younger.
“What, old man? I’m not in the mood for a lecture.”
“Neither am I. What did that [Lord] say? You held children hostage?”
“Oh. That. I shall explain the entire business, Teriarch. It was a bluff. I knew Tyrion wouldn’t risk his sons. To prevent a Drake city from being taken—”
The Dragon listened. Magnolia felt the swelling in her cheek grow down. She sighed.
“And so, you see—I play the villain nicely. Which leads to this debacle. But at least there is a chance for negotiation with Oteslia.”
“In the meantime, the [Lords] and this crowd are your enemies.”
She smiled thinly.
“One must give to get. I realize that isn’t a Reinhart tradition, but we tend to just steal. And make no friends at all. Teriarch, what would you have done to that crowd?”
The Dragon gazed at the gates; the mob was gone. He remembered countless riots. Protests over lack of food, deranged figures—hatred of him—
In his mind, he saw an [Empress] flying down to address tens of thousands of her subjects. Fearless. He blinked—and saw a dead [Prince] who had tried the same. A [Lady] savaged for trust—
He set them to flame and they ran, screaming. Ranks of armored [Knights] put down the insurrection with force.
The Dragon looked at Magnolia and shrugged.
“I have seen every answer. None is perfect. There have been [Orators] who quelled a riot with words alone. It did not mean they were right or the problem was solved. What would I have done? Better not to have the riots to begin with.”
“Spare me the philosophy, old man. If you have a suggestion, I will listen. At least those damn Drakes have left. I—agh—Ressa, handkerchief.”
The [Head Maid] was a beat too slow to get it to Magnolia. The [Lady]’s nose began to bleed profusely. Teriarch started.
“What? The feedback?”
Magnolia pressed the linen to her nose as Ressa pinched the bridge.
“Too many people to hold still. At least I put on a good face. Now—the riots. They’ll be centered in Invrisil. Reynold—”
Magnolia waved her free hand. The [Butler] appeared.
“Milady?”
“Send the Golems.”
Magnolia’s eyes glittered. Teriarch waited.
“To put down the riots?”
His tone was neutral. His eyes though—Magnolia rolled hers.
“I’m not a [Tyrant] yet, Teriarch. Reynold, deploy them around the Mage’s Guild. Merchant’s Guild. Any hotspots. The Watch will keep order as it can. But let’s not let the rioters destroy Invrisil. The Golems are not to fight back unless provoked. Minimum damage.”
“By your will, Lady Reinhart.”
Teriarch saw the Golems marching out the gates.
“Minimal force is something only a higher Golem knows the nuance of.”
“And I should then let them torch a building full of [Mages]? Should I have coddled the [Lords]? Better to be feared than loved after all. Or do you disagree?”
Magnolia held the bloody cloth to her nose. Teriarch looked at her and shook his head.
