7.31
Page 7
Grimalkin was rather quiet as he marched them towards the 9th floor. Maviola was staring about, playing it cool. But this was her first time in the Walled City and she seemed—antsy.
“Something wrong, Maviola?”
The young woman jumped. She smiled at Erin.
“No—er. It’s just that this is something I never thought I’d see. My family hasn’t been to a Walled City…ever.”
Oh. Of course. She was Maviola El. This was probably the last place she wanted to be known. Erin had a crazy urge to mention her name to Grimalkin just to see his eyes pop.
But the Drake was already in a bad mood and that seemed like a stupid thing to do. Erin was tempted nonetheless.
“So…Grimalkin. Buddy.”
“Keep walking, Miss Solstice. This is a matter of high priority.”
Erin gulped. Grimalkin stared down at her.
“How mad were people…?”
“There will be a number of [Senators] present. I believe they were attempting to convince Master Pelt to remain. They also voted to censure your inn or even eradicate the doorway to block the move. The vote failed.”
“That’s a rel—”
“By six votes.”
“Ah. Um. Er…I’m sorry.”
Rather to her surprise, the Drake didn’t lecture her about responsibility, the consequences of her actions and so on. He just folded his arms as he walked.
“…I rather imagine you have no idea how close a vote like that is in the Assembly of Crafts since you did not grow up around Pallass, Miss Solstice. A democracy such as this…it was a close vote.”
“No, I know. I mean—I didn’t know about the Walled Cities.”
“Until you came here.”
The Drake glanced sideways at Erin. She shrugged, self-consciously.
“Uh—no. Not at all.”
His head drooped.
“Hm. Troublesome. One would have assumed the Walled Cities were a household name. When–wherever you were.”
Erin bit her lip.
“Well, I’m used to big cities. Buildings just as tall.”
“Oh? Well, names can change. But this kind of architecture isn’t unfamiliar?”
The Drake brightened up. Erin drew out her words slowly.
“No…er, but hey! I like Pallass! How’s the weight training going?”
“Oh, that? I have a lot of new apprentices. Most washed out, but there’s a lot of talent…enough about that. So, when you say buildings of similar architecture—”
The Drake cut off as they ascended the 9th floor. Maviola gasped.
“Craftsman’s hammers. So these are the forges of Pallass!”
Erin and Grimalkin both looked at her in some surprise. Of course. The 9th floor with its endless forges wasn’t anything new to them. But then they saw Maviola’s shining eyes. The wonder in her expression. And they looked again.
The pride of Pallass. Massive forges for working steel—and steel was what Pallass made. Enough industry to supply the entire Walled City and other Drake armies with Pallassian steel!
“There is no one place with equivalent industry. It’s a marvel. Why, if we had this in the north, we wouldn’t have to hire out to damn—”
Maviola El looked around. Grimalkin straightened in pride.
“Yes, well, Miss Maviola, isn’t it? Pallass is known for its metallurgy. We do not specialize in magical goods, but our steel is second only to Dwarf-craft. A fact Miss Solstice knows full well.”
She turned her head and pretended to whistle as he fixed her with a meaningful eye. Maviola broke out of her stupor and glanced about.
“That’s right. You had Pelt. W—er, I heard the Five Families tried to buy him.”
“Wait, you know Pelt too, Maviola? Small world!”
The [Lady] rolled her eyes along with Grimalkin. She turned to face Erin, exasperated.
