7.31
Page 10
The Council of Liscor was on the other side. Pelt glanced up at them and then rounded on the crowd. He pitched his voice so they could all hear.
“You want to know why I’m going to another city? Easy. They made a better offer. Also, I don’t feel like having my work stolen by a thousand damn spies. I want to forge in peace and quiet. It was too much work to move before; this time it’s easy. Out of the way.”
He kicked a Drake [Senator] as he strode through the door. Erin covered a smile with her hand.
And Liscor’s Council was waiting there. They jumped as they heard Pelt’s words. But Lism bustled forwards, full of self-importance. Raekea and Alonna practically sprinted from the inn. Erin heard Raekea panting to Alonna.
“We have to get them to finish the woodwork! He didn’t tell us he was coming—where’s Master Hexel!?”
Inside the inn, everything was sunshine and gloating expressions.
“Of course. Master Pelt, your forge awaits. Free of charge, of course. Rent-free! And we’ll work out the particulars of your stay…”
Lism was rubbing his claws together, trying to bow and shake Pelt’s hands—both of which the Dwarf ignored.
The Dwarf looked at the Drake. And looked through him. At Erin. The [Innkeeper] saw him push through the Council. And the short man looked up at her. He paused a second there, contemplatively looking around Erin’s inn. Then Pelt grunted.
“Well, this is your fault. I told everyone that.”
“Um. Thanks.”
He grinned. But he was alive. Burning as Maviola saw it. But Erin just saw him put his hands under his apron and scratch at his stomach.
“Thing is. I always liked Scales and Tails. But you promised me drinks. And Lasica’s cooking isn’t that good. I drink my meals, so if you can replace Rufelt’s fancy stuff with a keg…think it’s a good idea? You told me to try.”
The [Innkeeper] looked at all the angry people. But that was a byproduct of almost everything she did. She looked at Pelt and saw the smile on his face. So she smiled too.
“Yeah. I think so. So—you’re coming here?”
“Hm. Let’s see.”
The Dwarf looked around. He narrowed his eyes.
“Too much damn wood. Flammable. But there’s magic here. Even if it’s channeled. Good ore comes from Liscor when it’s winter. Drake cities—there’s worse places to be. Nice security. I hate water, but it’s better than having Human gangs running the place.”
Everyone held their breaths. The Dwarf touched the hammer at his belt.
“I could make a masterpiece. With privacy. With proper apprentices, equipment—I’ll have to forge the tools myself, source the ingredients. But if no one steals my work, I could make proper blades.”
He spoke to shake Pallass and Liscor, as if everything before now, even the Grasgil axe, all his begrudging art had been just trash made in his sleep. The Dwarf inhaled.
“Yeah. A forge here…what do you think, Emessa?”
He turned to his apprentice. The Drake’s eyes were shining.
“We could make a proper forge, master. To your specifications. Even here…”
She gestured around the inn. Erin’s breath caught. The Dwarf nodded. Liscor’s Council looked at each other. The [Senators] looked like they were having strokes. Pelt looked around.
“Liscor. Hm.”
He walked down the hallway. Senator Errif ran after Pelt, through the magic door. The others fought to get through and it turned off, leaving only a handful with Maviola and Grimalkin.
“Master Pelt! Let’s talk about this! We can offer twice the space Liscor has! And far better accommodations—”
“Excuse me! This fine Dwarf has made his decision!”
