7.31
Page 21
Too late again. Someone leapt forwards. A hothead Garuda with a dagger, brandishing it. Chaldion saw, with his one good eye, a Drake whirling. The Garuda youth was fast, but the [Guard] was quicker. The sword came up—the Garuda blinked. Everyone stared at the sword buried in his gut.
In the silence, the Grand Strategist cursed. And then—Pallass erupted.
 
—-
 
By the time Erin returned with the sword—things were very bad. An hour, or even a minute could change a lot. And the noise from the city—Liscor—had taken on a bad tone.
“Uh oh. Uh oh. Uh oh.”
From his tower, Bird saw bad things. He heard bad things. He felt bad things.
Liscor was on fire. He counted seventeen separate sources of smoke. And he heard very many angry people.
The Antinium Worker saw no birds. That was always a sign. You had to watch the Birds. He always told Mrsha this.
 
Look up. There are probably birds.
            –Bird’s Observation on Birds
 
Usually, they flew around the Floodplains, even if they kept out of his range. But right now—everything was hiding. Animals sensed moods. And accordingly—so did Bird.
It was like an entire Hive of angry people. Bird listened.
“—they’re fighting with the Watch! Erin, what’s that sword—”
From his tower, he heard Drassi’s voice. Bird was always in his tower. That did not mean he saw or heard nothing. In fact, he often saw and heard more than everyone else. Just from a different perspective.
“Bad, bad. Uh oh. You stay here.”
The Workers who had been helping make his tower looked at Bird. The [Bird Hunter] waved at them.
“No going to the Hive. It’s bad-bad in the city.”
“Bad, Hunter Bird?”
One of the Workers looked at Bird. The communication between them was—odd. Workers didn’t usually ask questions. But these ones had been at Erin’s inn. They had experienced luxuries like time off, snacks, and so on. Bird nodded.
“Bad. Stay here.”
“We may use the secret passages, Hunter Bird.”
The same Worker pointed out, speaking for the others. Bird looked at him. The [Hunter] shook his head.
“No. Silly Worker. Be sh—be quiet. That is not the point.”
They looked at him. Bird glanced around, counting.
“You stay. So we can fight. If needed.”
The Workers went still. Bird remembered other Workers. An inn under siege. Right now—he felt the same tension in the air. But instead of undead—it was Drakes and Gnolls. All of them turned towards the city. Bird whispered.
“Can you feel it?”
They looked at him. Bird’s antennae were waving rapidly. He turned his head. He could hear Erin below, demanding answers of Drassi. Other people—Lyonette telling Mrsha to go into the garden again. But his senses reached beyond sight, smell, hearing. He looked towards Liscor.
“Bad things are happening. To us.”
 
—-
 
What did people in Liscor have to be angry about? So many things.
Monster attacks. The Golden Triangle. The damn sewer stench. But that was just backdrop. There was more.
The Antinium. The Humans coming into their city. Goblins. Some people didn’t care. But Liscor’s election had been fraught. And of late—the Human population had swelled. The Antinium’s true numbers in their Hive had been exposed and Lism had run on a campaign of distrust.
It just took angry people. People who had lost gold. People who really didn’t like Antinium.
There had been mobs on the day The Golden Triangle fell apart. But the Watch had suppressed them fairly effectively. Now, though—they looked at the images of Invrisil and when they took to the streets this time, the people were armed.
“Disperse back to your homes! This is an unlawful gathering!”
