7.31
Page 37
“I’m fine. Just a bit singed. Had to get my puzzles. Most of them got out. Guess it helps with packing, huh?”
He looked up at her. Grinned weakly. Zevara looked around.
“Where’s Wing Commander Embria?”
“She’s got one district locked down. But 4th Company can’t hold more than a few streets. Only a hundred. You need a tail?”
The Watch Captain looked at Relc’s soot-covered smile. She hesitated, then reached down.
“That’s right, Senior Guardsman. Gear up.”
He rose, stiffly, shedding layers of ash, and saluted briskly.
“Aye, aye, Watch Captain.”
They were marching back towards the Watch House when Zevara heard the sound of screaming. She turned.
“Get ready to pull back or fight!”
The Watch braced for a fight with the mob. They’d clashed a few times already with larger groups. If it came to it, they’d run rather than fight.
They saw a wave of people coming at them. Hundreds. Zevara didn’t even bother to count.
“Fall back! Down Turnip Street!”
She pointed. But Relc grabbed her arm.
“Captain! Look!”
The Drake whirled. And then Zevara saw something strange. The crowd was running at the Watch. But not like a ravening horde. She heard screams. They were fleeing.
Then she heard the drumming. It sounded like a thunderous beat. The Watch Captain halted, confused. She frowned.
“What is that sound?”
Footsteps. Marching. The crowd fled, splitting up in every direction. The two Drakes and the [Guards] heard the second group behind the first. Then they saw. And Zevara felt her scales turn to ice.
“Antinium.”
They marched down the street in formation. Soldiers, Workers. Painted Antinium and regular. Even the other varieties. The people of Liscor fled, screaming.
The Black Tide marched. And leading them was a blue Antinium. Xrn. And beside her—Yellow Splatters. Pawn.
“What are they doing?”
A [Guard] turned pale at the sight. Zevara just counted.
“…Three hundred. Or I’m a Lizard.”
“What, Watch Captain?”
Relc glanced at her. Zevara looked at him.
“Three hundred. They’ve deployed the Hive’s garrison. They’re securing the streets.”
Indeed, the Antinium were clearing street after street. No one was fighting them. The individual rioters took one look at the Antinium and ran. Meanwhile, they were finding Workers.
It still chilled Zevara to see them. The Watch moved to one side. She saw Yellow Splatters break off as the Antinium marched in thunderous silence down another street.
“Yellow Splatters! What is the meaning of this?”
“We are restoring order. And locating members of the Hive. I have ordered this as Prognugator of the Free Antinium.”
The [Sergeant] replied calmly. Zevara’s mouth opened. Her eyes flicked to Relc. And she had a moment where she decided…to do the only thing that was logical.
“—Very well. The Watch requests the Antinium to cooperate! We need to lock down streets where the riots are burning parts of the city! I can show you—”
“It will be done.”
The Antinium marched. And the riots ended where they moved. But those who saw them felt mixed relief at best.
 
—-
 
The fire was going out. Maviola saw the riots quelling, order reasserting itself. She still waited. Waited for the crowds to turn on The Wandering Inn.
And it came close. But the sight of Bird and dozens of Workers standing on the roof of the inn—perhaps the distance outside the city, the knowledge of the inn’s sturdy walls—saved it. At the very least, no large mob converged on The Wandering Inn.
