7.31
Page 30
The Dragon stopped. Perplexed, he looked around. Rubbed at one ear.
Then he saw them.
He stood there and saw the angry mob approaching the gates. The Dragon heard their furious shouts.
“Magnolia Reinhart! Come out!”
“Give us our money!”
The [Lord]’s voices were mixed with that of the protest as they tried to ride through the throngs of people who weren’t willing to part for them. The Dragon blinked. He stared at the furious faces and then at the [Lady] emerging from the carriage with Ressa.
“What is this, then?”
“Mm. It appears to be an angry mob.”
Magnolia Reinhart herself hadn’t known about the riot until recently. She’d had difficulty extricating herself from Lady Edere’s company at the Sanito House. Now—she wished she’d never left. She stood there, looking at the angry crowds.
“Ah. Ressa, how disappointing. Do you see? So that is where Lord Alman was.”
“Yes. And several [Lords] of the realm.”
The [Head Maid] surveyed the crowd without fear. More people were trying to climb the gates, or bring them down. Without success; they could hit the barriers all day.
The two women were calm. Even if Magnolia was annoyed. She tapped her lips, just surveying the crowd.
“How disappointing. And I suppose—ah, yes. I even see those two Drakes. So that is why half the cities in Izril are suddenly rioting.”
She’d been perplexed by the reports. Now it made sense. Magnolia Reinhart’s eyes narrowed. But the effect on Teriarch was far more immediate.
The Dragon turned to look at the mob. Magnolia saw his face harden. Turn bitter. She glanced at Ressa, worriedly. Then she saw the Dragon’s shoulders slump. He looked at the gates, at the people pounding on it, demanding Magnolia to come out.
“As I understand it. You did nothing about this Golden Triangle nonsense, Magnolia?”
“No, Teriarch. I rather think this mob has been persuaded to call on me to demand their money back. By the [Lords].”
The Dragon nodded. He bowed his head. Magnolia clenched her fists. Of all the times! He had been perfectly happy this morning. But now—she saw a shadow cross his face.
“Your subjects, Reinhart. See how quickly they turn to drag you down? That is the nature of people. Devouring. Thoughtless. How will you deal with them?”
He judged them harshly. With weary cynicism. How many protests had he lived through? Magnolia’s lips thinned.
The shouted insults and jeers didn’t affect her as much as the Dragon. She spoke, crisply.
“I should usually let them bang on the gates until they go home. But since this crowd would have never come here but for those [Lords]—I rather think I should grant them the audience they desire. Ressa?”
“As milady wishes.”
The [Maid] smiled. Or her lips did something equivalent. Teriarch looked at them. He snorted once. Turned away.
“Do as you will. I find myself too tired to deal with this. I will watch.”
He walked over to the mansion, the spring out of his step suddenly. Exhausted. Magnolia looked at him and then turned to the gates. Her eyes narrowed. Oh yes. Someone was going to pay.
This was how she greeted them. The [Lady] swept forwards in her shockingly, affrontingly pink dress. The crowd grew louder as Magnolia approached the gates. Like a beehive sensing the intruder.
Magnolia Reinhart waved an elegant hand as the [Lords] and [Commentators] fought forwards. She spoke, brightly.
“Good evening, ladies and g—”
Someone threw a rock. Well, a lot of people threw things as she came into range. They bounced off the shimmering force field in the air. Magnolia sighed.
“Excuse me? I say, might I have a—”
“We want our money back! Stop this [Trade War]!”
