7.31
Page 34
She slapped him back. And Lord Alman felt that slap. He saw a figure fly back, twisting. Lord Mel spun around and hit the ground so fast Alman swore he heard something crunch.
Everyone stared at the motionless Mel. Magnolia rubbed her cheek again. Then she shook out her hand. Calmly, she looked around.
“[Insult to Injury]. Would any of you like to try stabbing me? Ressa, block them if they try that.”
Lord Ranga knelt by his son. So did Alman. Mel’s eyes were rolled up in his head.
“I don’t think he’s more than unconscious. Ah—his fingers.”
Alman winced. Lord Ranga rose to his feet, white-faced.
“Magnolia Reinhart. You will answer for that.”
“I rather think I did, Ranga. Your son may well be able to force his future wife to agree, but not me. Not with the threat of violence. I hope he recalls that on his wedding night.”
Magnolia’s eyes glittered. She looked around, one of her cheeks glowing red.
“Let us end this pointless argument. If you would like to attack me, [Lords] of Izril, go ahead. I will, regretfully, order my people to break as few bones as possible. If you would like to mobilize an army against me, again, you are welcome to try. But do not dare assume that you have a right to order me to do anything. You have insulted my honor and I have no obligation to do anything. Indeed, I am rather less inclined at this moment than I was this morning.”
“Reinhart. My people are suffering.”
Toldos spoke up. Magnolia looked at him.
“One feels you should have considered that along with my impugned honor, Toldos. If they dislike it so much, I will offer them an incentive to move to my lands.”
He paled in fury. Magnolia turned, and waved a tired hand.
“That is all. This was exceedingly stupid, my [Lords]. Begone from my estates, please.”
The [Lords] felt her pushing. They held their ground.
“This isn’t over, Reinhart! Don’t force us to take this to a more severe step!”
“Bring your armies, Lord Villmen. And we shall see how well that goes. Or you might try an apology. Diplomacy!”
Magnolia whirled around and pointed at him. He stumbled back. Towards the open gates. The [Lords] looked at each other. And then they realized.
The crowd was still there. They had listened to the entire debate. And now—they were looking at the [Lords]. Who had made this about a [Trade War]. Something…Invrisil’s people didn’t care about.
They were very quiet. Lord Alman realized. The mob was staring at them. Alman felt his feet moving. He tried to get his legs to stop taking him out of the gates—but this was Magnolia’s ground.
“Reinhart! Be reasonable!”
Ranga was supporting his son on the horseback. He looked back. Lord Toldos was pale. His retainers clustered around him.
But Lady Reinhart had lost her temper. Alman saw that too late. From the beginning she had been incensed. He could not have known why. But he should have remembered what a Reinhart’s wrath looked like.
Slowly, Magnolia raised her hand. The gates swung closed. And her last words rang in the [Lord]’s ears.
“You provoked a riot in my city, gentlemen. I think it’s only fair to hold you accountable for that.”
 
—-
 
They ran. Magnolia watched them go. The [Lords] fled. Not that she had doubted it. Even lower-level, they had money. Artifacts. She was poised—but she only needed to use [Deft Hand] once to trip someone up before they seized Lord Mel.
The crowd charged after the [Lords], converging on Invrisil.
“Well, that was a mess.”
Magnolia muttered after they were gone. She had noted that the two Drake [Commentators] had fled ahead of the [Lords]. They weren’t complete fools.
