7.31
Page 29
“Ensorcelled walls. Even the damn gates.”
Lord Ranga was cursing, his face pale. A team of people were hauling on the gates, having attached ropes to them. But a team of two hundred couldn’t so much as make them budge.
Magic. The high-quality kind. The [Lords] sat together, feeling foolish. The mob was growing restless. They had gamely tried to draw Magnolia out. But a [Maid] had appeared and told them she wasn’t even here.
Worse—the people weren’t trying that hard to enter anymore. Mainly because they had spotted something that made even the angriest rioter pause.
A sixteen foot tall Steel Golem. It was armed with sword and shield. And it was just—standing at the gates. Not just one, either.
The tall War Golems weren’t the same as the ancient ones Magnolia had used on the Goblin Lord. But that was like saying a Gold-rank adventurer wasn’t as bad as a Named-rank. Lord Alman started sweating just imagining trying to fight one without an army.
“Ranga. I think it’s clear that this is a disaster. We should go.”
Alman spoke intensely. Ranga hesitated. He clenched his fists on his reins as his horse danced nervously.
“We’re so close! This is on the scrying orb!”
One of the other [Lords] was actually giving an interview to the two Drakes, talking about the unfair [Trade War]. But Alman was more and more convinced this wasn’t a good look for his House. He shook his head.
“I’m minded to leave myself, Ranga.”
“Alman! We’re in this together!”
“I apologize. But frankly, I don’t see the point of—”
The [Lords] heard a roar. They spun, hands on weapons. And then they saw it.
At last. A pink carriage shooting down the road. The crowd stared. Then they surged forwards. The [Lords] wavered. Then they spurred their horses.
“Magnolia Reinhart!”
The roar was fury. Noass and Sir Relz spun, and the camera-Gnoll raised her device.
There she was. The pink carriage raced towards the mansion as if the driver wasn’t even aware of the crowd. They were spreading out, angry people with ropes, weapons. Ready to slow the carriage—
When it slowed. But it didn’t slow. The carriage moved faster than any horse in the world. Everyone knew its reputation. A bandit-killing vehicle on the road. But Magnolia Reinhart wasn’t crazy. She could see—
It didn’t slow down. The angry sea of people wavered. They began to turn. Now trying to get out of the way. Just in case—
The carriage raced at them. People screamed. Lord Alman’s blood turned cold. She wasn’t going to—
“Dead gods! Noass! Are you getting this? She’s going to ram—”
At the last moment, the carriage’s wheels glowed. It rose upwards, and shot over the heads of the crowd screaming in horror. Everyone fell silent.
They stared at the flying magical pink carriage as it casually flew over the gates of the mansion, the mob, and landed on the other side. Lord Alman’s jaw dropped. Ranga turned pale.
“It can fly?”
“—Er. Of course, anyone familiar with the specifications of the carriage would recall that—but it appears Magnolia Reinhart is there herself!”
Sir Relz recovered. He pointed.
And there she was. Magnolia Reinhart. The doors opened—
And a grumpy half-Elf emerged. Everyone stared at Teriarch, or Grand Mage Eldavin, as he kicked his way out of the carriage.
“Infernal magical devices. This one feels slower than it used to be. I’m going to rest.”
The Dragon grumpily walked out of the carriage, addressing the person inside. Magnolia Reinhart herself. He hadn’t noticed the crowd. Indeed, it was only as he was walking across the grounds when he heard their roars of fury.
