7.32 D
Page 29
“I suggest you begin treatments with these [Doctor]’s orders at once, Healer Demerra. And meanwhile, I shall stay in my home.”
Chaldion came to a quick decision. The Gnoll [Healer] began to protest, but she eyed the figures about infection rates nervously.
“I—I can certainly apply the poultices and such if I deem them safe to use, Grand Strategist. But I can assure you, my crystals—”
“How much of this mold is needed?”
“Lots. If it works, we need lots. Octavia’s growing more on bread and stuff, but we’re going to have to do it outside my inn. Because uh, the [Field of Preservation].”
Erin waved her hands. She was waiting on one last person.
Drassi. The Drake came into the inn, protesting as Ishkr found her at last. Grimalkin nodded.
“Send a sample to Oteslia. If it works—they can grow enough.”
“Sure. But remember, it’s Octavia’s. Here’s a jar with the label.”
The [Sinew Magus] and Chaldion eyed the giant ‘Stitchworks’ logo and Octavia’s name plastered on the jar. The huge Drake sighed.
“…I’ll communicate that. Healer Demerra—treat the patients as the [Doctor] prescribes.”
“But—”
“That’s an order, [Healer].”
The Grand Strategist spoke. And Demerra only hesitated a moment before bowing. Erin glanced around. She waited until Chaldion and Grimalkin were looking the other way before wiggling her fingers. Unnoticed, a Selphid’s head ducked back into the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Erin sighed. Her manic energy was running out. But not just yet. Courier away. [Healer] trialing with Octavia.
“Erin, what’s this about? I have weekends! Even if it isn’t the weekend.”
The [Gossip] was complaining, but only mildly. She sensed something was up. She peered at Grimalkin, Chaldion, and the paper. Erin turned to her.
“Drassi…I have something I want you to do. It’s complex, so let me explain. And you don’t have to do it—”
The Drake opened her mouth. Erin went on.
“—but I bet you’ll want to. And I need your help, Grimalkin. Chaldion.”
The two male Drakes peered at her suspiciously. Grimalkin folded his arms.
“If it’s going to cause havoc to no end, Erin, I’ll decline. But go on.”
She smiled at him.
“On the contrary, [Sinew Magus]. It’s going to do good. Or do you like stupid things? More importantly—it requires testicles.”
Grimalkin blinked at Erin. Then he laughed.
“I’m listening.”
 
—-
 
“They’ll trial it. Apparently, it’s worked on their cultures before so I think it might actually be a broad-spectrum antibiotic.”
Geneva sat back, sighing. The others murmured.
“And this Joseph guy…is doing all this?”
“Yeah. That’s what our Selphid says.”
Perhaps only the [Doctor] noted Idis’ worried sound and the Selphid [Mage] blinking. But they kept it quiet. Geneva cleared her throat; she’d been speaking a lot.
“Please send the following: ‘Emphasize the antibiotics need to be taken after recovery is apparent or the disease may not be fully eradicated. It is essential to complete treatment.’”
“Done, [Doctor].”
“Good.”
Geneva sat back. She closed her eyes for a moment. The others waited, milling about.
“If the trial works…that [Alchemist] is gonna be rich.”
“Not if we grow everything ourselves. They sent the fungus.”
“Huh. Well—we can credit it to her. Right? And if we have an antibiotic, we can make a lot of drugs!”
“It’s not a cure-all.”
The Italian woman opened her eyes. She sat up.
