7.32 D
Page 31
She was pointing to Noass and Sir Relz, who were the Wistram-sponsored television anchors. Not because they were particularly well-connected. But they’d been the first. Feor had cause to regret that, now.
“Miss Elena. I am trying to understand your objections. What have these two Drakes done wrong? They have faithfully kept to our talking points.”
“Yes, but they also caused riots and they’re spreading misinformation! Healing crystals? If this disease is as bad as it seems, they shouldn’t be saying it’s ‘under control’!”
Elena pointed at Sir Relz, who was adjusting his monocle.
“They didn’t say that.”
Archmage Viltach’s arms were folded. He was less impressed than Feor. Elena scowled. It was Aaron who interjected.
“But they’re downplaying the situation, Archmage Viltach.”
“They’re keeping people from panicking. What’s wrong with that?”
“Well…maybe they should panic. Or be worried. The truth is that not everyone can afford a healing crystal, right? So people aren’t being careful when they should be. I hear it’s really bad in Baleros. If crystals cured the disease, it wouldn’t be that bad.”
The others nodded. Feor stroked his beard. It was true; they’d received a lot of complaints about the riots. Thoughtfully, he glanced at the two Drake [Commentators].
“You have a point, Elena. Noass and Sir Relz have been…calming figures. But not without flaw. We were trialing other [Commentators], but setting up multiple areas of broadcast was deemed needlessly complex.”
“You should hire someone else. Someone from Baleros with good practices. There are standards that news people should be held to. This—this is just making people feel complacent.”
The broadcast droned on. Archmage Viltach consulted the rough numbers of how many people were watching. It was dropping; without drama, less people tended to watch. Still, he didn’t like Elena’s uppity tone.
“Perhaps we want them pacified. They don’t need to know the truth.”
Viltach’s soft murmur had been a bit too loud. The crowd of Earthers quieted, and Elena looked appalled. Feor scowled as he glanced at the Human Archmage.
“We will consider the issue carefully, Miss Elena. You have my word. For now…”
He was about to order them to disperse in a kindly way when something happened. There were voices, arguing. Then—a rattling sound.
Not from the hallway. Feor’s head turned. In the scrying orb, he saw Noass and Sir Relz glance up.
“—er, the situation in Ailendamus—erm…”
The Drakes stared. Feor heard a voice.
 
—-
 
“You can’t come in here! You can’t—”
“By order of Grand Strategist Chaldion, move aside.”
Someone thrust an assistant into the frame. A Gnoll stumbled into the view—then fled. Noass rose. Sir Relz blinked.
“I say, what’s this—”
Every head turned. Viltach saw the live-viewers count begin to climb. And there she was.
A smiling Drake, who was vaguely familiar to some viewers thrust her way forwards. There was arguing in the background, but she grabbed the magical ‘microphone’ as the two Drakes recoiled.
“Miss Drassi? We’re not hosting the football game until later this week! Why are you here? We are live—”
Noass cried out. Drassi backed up. The camera-Garuda swung the view up towards her. Drassi was terrified. But she smiled desperately. And—she was a [Gossip]. She had lived for this moment.
“Hello! Sorry to break in, but I have an important series of questions to raise! Drassi here, The Liscorian Gazette! I just had to speak to our hosts here about their coverage of the Yellow Rivers plague.”
“What? Our coverage? Give that microphone back, young—”
