7.32 D
Page 2
“Actually, Miss Solstice, we could do a very reasonable contract. You’d earn money on each transport, and Liscor would take the burden of managing the shipping and rates.”
“Oh! So, like, I just get paid for people using my door and you set the prices?”
The [Innkeeper] brightened. Wailant opened his mouth—Teliv used his third Skill to silence the man.
“Exactly. No bother. Money for all.”
“Great! Let me just see the contract—”
Teliv handed her the quill and contract. Smiling, Erin regarded the contract. She raised the quill. Blinked.
“Oh, no ink. Too bad.”
“Let me just get that for—”
Wailant growled. Teliv fumbled for the inkpot. Erin smiled as he yanked the cork open.
“Thanks, Teliv.”
She dipped the quill in ink. Then she wrote on the contract. Teliv practically snatched it back. He crowed.
“Thank you, Miss Solstice! You won’t regr—”
He stared at the contract. But instead of the signature, he saw, in large letters, ‘no thanks’ scrawled on the parchment. Erin smiled at him.
“Maviola, you were right. It is easy.”
“Told you.”
The [Lady] looked pleased. She’d been worried when Erin picked up the quill. Now, though, the [Innkeeper] winked at her. She looked at Teliv.
“So I’d get four coppers per shipment? That means you could make one ‘shipment’ as big as you wanted and I get four coppers per each. No weight limit, no time limit. Also—that’s not very fair if it takes all the magic from my door. What if you put diamonds through the door, huh?”
“I—but—Miss Solstice, let me explain.”
Teliv’s good mood turned into sweat in a second. Erin Solstice was looking at him. And suddenly, her eager, somewhat befuddled manner turned sharp. His [Negotiator] senses were telling him…he was in trouble.
“I get it. And Wailant!”
“Yes, Erin? Let me just say that I’ll give you a far better deal on behalf of Celum. Far better.”
The [Farmer] was beaming at Teliv’s expense. Erin turned to him. She put her hands on her hips and looked up at the former-[Pirate].
“I’m sure you will. Why don’t you tell me what you had in mind?”
He opened his mouth and Erin pointed a finger at him.
“—And when you do, I’ll compare it with the deal each [Farmer] would have offered me. After all, I can just move the door to their farms, right? Who put you in charge?”
“Erin! We’re friends, aren’t we? I’m just here to make sure those Drakes don’t run off with the farm! So to speak. My contacts’ll be along shortly. But I’m here to—”
“Get ahead?”
Maviola murmured. Erin saw Wailant’s eyes flicker. She sighed.
“Guys, guys. I don’t want this to be complicated.”
Wailant and Teliv brightened. Erin went on.
“But I do want this to be fair. Equitable! No one overcharges anyone else. Even if the [Lords] are…uh, [Lords], they’re hurting for money. So no one’s doubling their prices and we’re not having huge taxes or anything. Here’s what I had in mind…”
She handed over a folded piece of paper she and Maviola had been working on. Wailant and Teliv jostled to see. They began to raise objections at once. Erin put her hands on her hips.
Another day. In the background, the negotiations were taking place. But that was background. Mrsha tugged Lyonette over, pointing.
“What is it, Mrsha? I’m trying to listen to the trade deal. Oh, pox!”
Lyonette recoiled at the images on screen. Numbtongue was making a face and gagging. Lyonette covered her mouth. The view switched back to Noass, who was looking pale. He dabbed at his nose with a handkerchief.
