7.32 D
Page 23
“You mean, there’s a buyer? I’ve been in talks with some [Healers] over this Yellow Rivers thing, but—”
“Octavia, we need all of it! Get it! The mold, the actual penicillin—start packing it up! It needs airtight containers—except for the mold, it needs to be alive—it’s going across the world! Get all of it! And start growing more! As much as you can!”
“What? Who’s buying it?”
The [Alchemist] was dumbstruck. She stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] threw up her hands.
“Do it!”
She ran from the shop. Shouts followed her, but Erin was sprinting now.
Madness ran through Erin’s veins. An electric excitement. In this moment, she felt like she could take on Moore in a wrestling competition and win. She floated as she ran, leaping down the corridor.
There was someone else! Geneva! A [Doctor]! Someone who was trying to—
“Drassi! Drassi! I need you, and Ishkr! I need you to go into Liscor and find—”
Everyone was moving too slow. Erin barged into the common room and the staff and guests turned. There was a susurration. Perhaps they saw it on her face.
But there was already a crowd. Why? Perhaps—Erin blinked as she saw Olesm, Belgrade, Pawn, a number of chess aficionados—
And him.
The Dragon sat at the table, arms folded. In front of him was a chessboard, all set.
“Eldavin?”
The Grand Magus looked at her. His mismatched eyes blazed.
“Erin Solstice. I have returned. I want a rematch. That last loss was…unacceptable. We’ll play a game now.”
Erin saw Reynold and a [Maid] hovering behind him, looking worried. And the crowd looked at her. She faltered. Her eyes were drawn to the board.
“Now’s not a good time, Eldavin. Can’t this wait?”
“No. Sit down. We’ll bet properly on this game this time.”
His eyes narrowed. Erin paused.
She looked at him. She looked at the chess game. Then, slowly, she went over to the table.
The inn went still. Erin looked at the board, the white side, which Teriarch had given her for that slight edge. His gaze. And Olesm was prepared to annotate the entire game. Every chess player in Liscor was here and someone had sent a [Message] to Chaldion.
Because here they were. The two chess players regarded each other, Teriarch in his comfy chair, Erin hovering in front of the board, torn.
The games of legends. The battle of a century. Two masters from different worlds, at the very peak of the game, whose clashes would redefine chess strategy.
A clash of tita—
Erin put her hands under the table and flipped it. Eldavin ducked just in time. His head popped up and the board sailed past his face as his chair went over backwards.
The board and chess pieces flew across the inn. They bounced off mugs, clattered onto the floor. One landed in an open mouth and someone began to choke.
Erin walked past the table. Calmly. Her blood raced through her veins. She looked around and saw Ishkr staring at her.
“Get me Drassi and Hawk. Now.”
She ignored Grand Magus Eldavin as Octavia raced into the common room with a huge jar of her filtered penicillin and the mold samples itself. The [Innkeeper] began shouting.
 
—-
 
Maviola saw Erin blazing like the sun. She was speaking fast, shouting at people, ignoring Eldavin. She had a mission.
Penicillin. Octavia had just been informed where she’d be sending the bulk of her supply. She had brought it out from storage, but she was protesting. Not because she was unwilling to sell it, but because she had no idea what she was getting for her hard work.
“How much am I getting? I mean…I’ll make it dirt-cheap. But it is hard work.”
