7.32 D
Page 25
“What? Why? Hawk, this is essential—”
The Courier folded his furry arms.
“Hold on, Erin. I understand this is important, but business is still business. I can’t just run an errand for nothing. Besides, I’m not running any deliveries.”
“I can pay!”
“Yes…at a discount, though? That goes against my principles. But that’s not it either, Erin. Even if I was going to do you a favor, I don’t want to leave the city.”
“Why?”
Erin and Selys chorused that. The Rabbit-man looked pointedly at Selys. He put an arm around her.
“I’m staying here in case there are more riots. I’m not about to leave Selys at the hands of a mob.”
“Hawk! Don’t be an idiot! This is medicine! Like potions! I’m fine! The riots never even got into the guild!”
Selys glowered at him. The Rabbit Beastkin blew out his cheeks.
“What are you saying? I should be right here. That’s what a concerned partner does!”
“Not if people’s lives are at risk! You take Erin’s delivery! Don’t be stupid!”
“I’m concerned for you!”
The two began arguing. Erin looked from face to face. She opened her mouth, and decided against it. She didn’t have time to waste.
“Problems with delivery?”
Grand Magus Eldavin inquired silkily from his chair. Erin glanced at him.
“I’m working on it.”
“Perhaps I could—no, then again, halfhearted—”
Erin stormed past him without hearing. The Dragon harrumphed again.
“Change of plans. Get Drassi here, Ishkr.”
“I asked, but she’s nowhere to be found, Erin.”
The Gnoll was panting. He’d gone to her apartment. Erin scowled.
“Find her. Drag her here! I need Drassi! Tell her I’ll pay her triple overtime—whatever it takes! But she’ll want to do this. I have to go to Invrisil.”
 
—-
 
The Runner’s Guild in Invrisil was busy as usual. The [Innkeeper] strode up to one [Receptionist]’s counter. She hopped up and down until the City Runner in front of her was done. Then she approached.
“Can I…help you, Miss?”
The [Receptionist] gave Erin a very odd look, but she’d seen worse. The young woman leaned on the counter.
“I want a Courier. I have a delivery I need to get to Baleros. I want a Courier who can get it to the nearest port-city, and then another who can get it across the ocean as fast as possible.”
Heads turned. That kind of request was big. The kind that nobles made, but…this young woman didn’t look exactly rich enough to make it. The [Receptionist] gave her an appraising look and coughed into her hand.
“Miss. I’m afraid only a few Couriers are nearby, even in Invrisil’s Guild.”
“Okay. I want to talk to them.”
The [Receptionist] gave Erin a strained smile.
“Miss…”
“Erin Solstice.”
“Miss Solstice, we can’t just request a Courier without some, um, assurances that you can afford them. By all means, you can post a request with your available funds, and they will review the request at their leisure. However…”
“This is urgent. I want to send medicine! To Baleros! It’s about this Yellow Rivers thing!”
Now more heads popped up. Erin was debating Pallass. But Grimalkin had thought Invrisil was more likely to have a Courier if Hawk couldn’t be persuaded. The [Receptionist] licked her lips. She didn’t like doing this, but…she put on an apologetic face.
“Miss Erin. I know someone might need a…potion. Or poultice. But even so, I’m sure Baleros has its own [Healers]. Couriers may be inclined to read your request and take on a case for charity. But you must wait.”
Erin’s eyes narrowed.
“Nobles wouldn’t have to wait, would they?”
“The nobility…are the nobility, Miss Erin.”
