7.32 D
Page 6
“Sure. How much gold do you have, Daly? We still need to send a [Message] unless you want to hire someone from Baleros. And you don’t have that much money. Plus, if we ask a Courier, people will want to know what’s so secret.”
“Damn.”
Daly leaned back in his chair and nearly went over. Ken smiled around, but looking exasperated.
“It is almost like being secretive is hard.”
Everyone laughed at that, which was what he’d intended. Paige fiddled with a pencil she’d made; superior to quills or charcoal sticks for notes.
“Well, I did some digging and I have more people on the list. Rémi Canada, the Singer of Terandria—both safe bets are from Earth.”
“Whoa. I’ve heard of the Singer. Can we get in touch with them?”
The others sat up. Geneva heard a small voice in her head.
“Wow.”
Unconsciously, Geneva bit her tongue. Hard. But she felt her jaws unclench. And the voice from Idis again.
“Don’t be nervous, Geneva! Calectus won’t tell! We’re on your side, remember?”
There was a spy in this room. And it was Geneva herself. She wished she could write a message on a piece of paper, or tell the others in a coded fashion somehow. But how did you outwit someone in your body?
A code. Using a cipher, and fake references from home, Geneva had constructed a logical conversation to use with Ken.
‘Hey Ken, remember how Pearl Harbor was the start of the Japan-American alliance?’ And then using that fallacy, mention ‘Okasha’ to tip him off that she wasn’t Okasha. Either that, or waiting for Idis to fall asleep and write a secret note. Or…
The problem wasn’t revealing Idis. The problem was that you couldn’t get the Selphids out of Geneva, even if you knew about her. And there were over two hundred Selphids in Talenqual, all powerful. They were better allies than not. So Geneva sat, and listened. And when it was over—she said goodbye to the others. And then Idis went to report to Calectus.
 
—-
 
“Dancing Serpent to Fast Hooves, come in. The Lantern has left the building. Repeat—”
A Lizardgirl stared at the [Doctor] as she walked out of the United Nations headquarters and walked down the street. She whispered urgently into a speaking stone. An aggravated sigh was her response.
“Umina…”
“Fast Hooves, come in.”
“Umina, I’m not doing that. If our speaking stones are compromised, we’re already identified. Stop calling me nicknames.”
“Marian, come on.”
The Lizardgirl [Strategist]’s voice was disappointed. She heard the clip-clop of hooves as Marian paced back and forth somewhere.
“Where’s she going? Geneva, that is.”
“Um…looks like the same place as last time. The Selphids.”
“Hm. I see.”
Umina followed Geneva at a distance, blending into the crowds of Lizardfolk in Talenqual. Although…there weren’t as many crowds.
They avoided each other, walking in smaller groups. The friendly Lizardfolk didn’t even stop to chat. They were nervous.
The Yellow Rivers disease ran through Talenqual. By this point, even the Flying Brigade had stopped downplaying it. The city was quarantining. But more and more people were sick by the day. Umina, working undercover in Geneva’s clinic, had heard the reports.
“No wonder the Professor wanted us here, Marian. Geneva’s the only person who seems to understand this…bacteria? She’s even got a name for it.”
“Sounds like it. Did you catch the broadcast from Pallass?”
“I did. It goes against everything Geneva’s been saying.”
