7.32 D
Page 28
On the other side of the world, Geneva Scala was standing in the Runner’s Guild. She didn’t have Erin’s ability to threaten economic competition. But she had Luan, and Ken.
“That’s right. How about Rexielsa? I know her. Let her know it’s Luan the Rower. We’re asking for a delivery. It won’t be at good rates, but let her know The Last Light of Baleros is asking.”
Names had power. Geneva tried to stand straight and look…like a myth of the battlefields. The [Receptionist], a Dullahan, kept glancing at her.
“We can do that, Luan…but they’re busy.”
“It’s a personal favor. They know me.”
“Um—we’ll get in touch as fast as possible. As soon as one gets to the Runner’s Guild.”
“Let them know it’s about the Yellow Rivers disease, please. I am sure even Couriers are concerned. This will keep everyone healthy.”
Ken put in. The [Receptionist]’s eyes widened and she scribbled an addendum. Luan nodded gratefully at Ken. He turned to Geneva.
“It’ll be a while. Why don’t you go back to the headquarters? They know I know you, Geneva. You don’t have to be here.”
“Okay. Let me know if there’s anything I can do.”
The [Doctor] inhaled. She still felt jumpy. Was this happening?
“Geneva, Geneva!”
The Humans spun. Siri raced into the Runner’s Guild. She was panting.
“Geneva! We just got word. The penicillin’s away! A Courier is bringing it to First Landing! There are sea-Couriers there. We just have to get in contact—Joseph says he’s working on it.”
“Already?”
Luan blinked. Siri nodded.
“And that’s not all. Listen—we need you to get back to headquarters right away! There’s something else.”
Geneva ran. Idis ran, really. But the [Doctor] was back at the United Nations headquarters before the panting Siri. The [Ranger] entered after Geneva, clutching at her side. Geneva was fast.
“I wish I had a Selphid.”
She commented to Daly. The Australian young man was reading from a piece of paper.
 
[Joseph] – We have the [Alchemist] with the penicillin here. And that [Healer] you saw on the scrying orb.
[Geneva] – Really? How?
[Joseph] – Magic stuff. We’re going to send more penicillin to Zeres, but we want to know how effective it is. Can you outline how to use it and how to treat people?
[Geneva] – Absolutely. Give me one moment.
 
“I need my notes. Can someone get them from my room?”
“On it.”
Paige hurried upstairs. Geneva sat down. She wasn’t even breathing hard. She began to correspond as the others watched. The Selphid [Mage] groaned as Geneva scrawled out paragraphs to send.
 
—-
 
“Who is this [Doctor]?”
Demerra demanded. She was here at Grimalkin’s request, and also to follow her patient, who’d snuck out of her clinic. But Chaldion was reading with as much interest as Grimalkin. He was looking from Erin to the detailed correspondence.
“An expert in treating infections. Or so it seems. How much do you trust this individual, Miss Solstice?”
“A lot, Grimalkin. And this is the medicine. She wants you to test with it, Demerra. Do you have more patients?”
“Two. In a room in the clinic.”
“Who I’m sharing space with. What is this about ‘airborne infection’?”
Chaldion’s brows snapped together. The Gnoll [Healer] blinked.
“We have as many healing crystals as possible, Grand Strategist—”
“That doesn’t stop disease, according to this [Doctor].”
They weren’t reading the exact replies from ‘Joseph’ to Geneva, but an abridged version. Octavia was frowning and trying to figure out how to create the various substances Geneva wanted. Everything from a poultice to an…injection?
