7.32 D
Page 13
The older Selphid got up to inspect Ulinde’s body. A bit of her real form reached out through the air and inspected the deteriorated skin. The Garuda [Waitress] shuddered as she brought over a drink.
“Disgusting.”
Ulinde’s smile faded as she heard the word in the air. She didn’t see who it was. Seborn looked around, and Moore’s expression turned clouded.
But none of the Halfseekers said anything. They were used to it. Jelaqua affected not to hear. She slapped Ulinde on the back.
“I think we need a string fix. We can find a small bit, tie those two muscles together. It won’t last long, but I have a spool of thread in my room. We’ll do it after breakfast.”
“Thanks, Jelaqua.”
The [Iron Tempest] winked at Ulinde. It was like having a teacher and big sister who was also your friend. Ulinde helped herself to breakfast—spicy chicken eggs. There was a breed of chickens raised on magical peppers who laid delicious eggs. Selphids loved spice; their taste buds deteriorated too fast in most bodies for the subtleties of taste.
Things had changed a lot for Ulinde. She had gone with Montressa to deliver justice and find people from Earth. Now—she was a member of the team she’d idolized. Isceil was…dead. The team was split up.
Some things remained, though. Ulinde was still a member of Wistram, even if she was now a Halfseeker. She had loyalty to her academy, which was why she hadn’t told Jelaqua all about Montressa’s mission. She’d debated it, but Jelaqua didn’t need to know. The Minds on Baleros on the other hand? Well…wiser Selphids than her would make that choice in Wistram.
But today, as Jelaqua and Ulinde went upstairs and the Selphid used a tiny bit of string to connect the rotten muscle so she could move her jaw properly, her duties were brought up again. Ulinde sat up and raised a finger to her temple.
“Incoming [Message]. I—oh. Oh. Oh wow. Jelaqua! Big sis, you want to hear this.”
Jelaqua sat back on her haunches; she was wearing a Gnoll’s body.
“What’s up, Ulinde?”
The [Spellslinger] was trying to process the information being thrown at her. She gasped.
“It’s from the Minds. No—their agents!”
Jelaqua’s eyes sharpened. The Minds? They were the authority of Selphids. When they gave an order, any Selphid who was…a proper Selphid obeyed.
“What do they want with us?”
“I—oh wow. Jelaqua. They’ve got someone from Earth.”
The word had never been mentioned between Jelaqua and Ulinde. But the other Selphid wasn’t completely surprised to hear it. Jelaqua’s eyes narrowed.
“What did you just say?”
 
—-
 
It took some explaining. And admitting about Wistram’s knowledge of Selphids. Jelaqua and Ulinde sat together in a single body.
A Raskghar’s; it was the most spacious. Since they were both adult Selphids, they could both occupy the body. They had to squeeze a bit to fit in this one, but it worked. And their conversation was inaudible, even to Gnoll ears. Selphid secrets were good secrets.
It was hard to imagine for non-Selphids how they spoke. Or interacted. There were…parallels.
“Jelaqua, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you! But I had to be loyal to the academy!”
Ulinde whined. She shied back from Jelaqua, down the spinal column. The other Selphid pursued, although her body and Ulinde’s were meeting across the stomach, spine, down the left hand—she reached out and smacked Ulinde. Well, the Selphid equivalent.
“You idiot! So that’s why you were all there! I should’ve known! You should have told us.”
“But Jelaqua…wait, how did you know?”
