7.32 D
Page 10
“Other Selphids! You can count on me, Calectus! I’ll get Geneva anything she needs. All I need is a dedicated [Mage]. You know, to send [Message] or [Speak] spells?”
Idis saluted brightly with Geneva’s hand and smiled with her face. Calectus looked at her sharply.
“Idis. Desist.”
The Selphid released her control at once. Calectus frowned.
“Idis, you have strict orders. Do not take over Geneva’s body without her consent.”
“Sorry. I just—”
The Selphid’s eager voice turned meek in an instant. Calectus glanced at Geneva.
“Geneva, do you have any issue with Idis so far? She remarks that she has been enforcing a sleep schedule. Idis will desist.”
“But Calectus—”
“Idis. You will be replaced.”
Instantly, the Selphid shut up. Geneva blinked. That was…new.
“Calectus, I assumed Idis insisting on me sleeping regularly was at your behest.”
His eyes didn’t move. But Geneva sensed a flicker of apprehension through Idis.
“It was not. Idis is here to protect you, Geneva. She replaced Okasha, but she is not your keeper. If she is upsetting you, she will be replaced and punished. She was the most suitable for the role of bodyguard. However…”
“Oh no. Please don’t!”
Idis whispered in Geneva’s ears. The [Doctor] blinked. Interesting. She chose her next words carefully.
“I…wasn’t aware of that. I thought Idis was managing me.”
“If she has been too forceful—”
“…No. She hasn’t. She’s been eager, but I don’t mind her.”
“Thank you! I’m so sorry—”
Idis was audibly relieved. Calectus stared at Geneva again, and then blinked. He nodded and smiled slightly, but his expression was still stiff.
“If you have any concerns, please ask. I will check regularly. And of course—if Idis misbehaves in any way, she will be removed.”
It was a warning, but not just for Geneva. Idis shuddered; Geneva felt a gentle spasm in her nerves. And she thought of the other Selphid, before Idis.
“How is Okasha doing? May I speak with her?”
Calectus paused.
“…That would not be wise. She is being held.”
“Not punished? Calectus, you know I am a [Doctor]. I’ve sworn not to harm anyone. Or let anyone come to harm. That means your people and Okasha—”
“She is only being held. But since she may have influence over you via Skills, we will not allow you to communicate, Geneva. That is all.”
The [Honor Guard] was firm. Geneva decided to drop it.
“Well then. Thank you, Calectus. I’m doing my best, but diseases are difficult. I need those antibiotics. It will help me and the world. Idis has been helpful, as has your support and the Selphid [Nurses].”
They were [Healers], or younger Selphids who had been given to her to study. No doubt the Selphids wanted more Genevas. Calectus nodded. Geneva went on.
“…But the truth is I’m lacking materials. Things from…my world. Medicines.”
“Whatever we can do, we will do, Geneva. You have but to ask. Idis now has the authority to connect you with other Selphids. We are not as powerful as major nations, but Selphids do have our influence. We hope you will level or gain what you need to overcome this illness. Idis, I leave you to aid Geneva as you know the best role for her. Do not overstep.”
“We really do want you to just level. And then cure us. I’m sorry, Geneva. I’m overeager. Please don’t be mad! This—your body is just so much fun!”
Idis whispered in Geneva’s ear. As Calectus bid farewell to her, Geneva was left sitting. The [Doctor]’s eyes flickered to the door. Then she and Idis were alone.
Apparently alone. But she was always with Idis. The [Doctor] thought carefully.
