7.32 D
Page 11
“…I’m aware you’re eager, Idis. It isn’t fun for me, though. I have a job to do. And my experience with Okasha was…troubled.”
“I know! And I am sorry about that! But I’m just here to help! Forget sleep! Let’s go all night long! You just ask and I can do it. Just don’t replace me?”
“Why were you assigned to me over all the others, Idis?”
“Um. Because I’m really good at killing people?”
Geneva shuddered. Idis went on, hurriedly.
“The Minds were just worried about your safety! Plus, they thought someone with a lot of muscular control like me would be best. [Blademaster], remember? And [Barbarian]. That’s in case you needed to be really strong.”
“I see. Well, Idis. You haven’t given me cause to complain. In fact, I’m actually grateful about you making me sleep. That’s a—a fault of mine.”
“Really?”
And the young Selphid smiled with Geneva’s lips. The [Doctor] nodded. And she went on, carefully.
“I’ll have to rely on you, Idis. What was Calectus saying about contacts?”
“Oh, that. That means that we’re spreading word looking for your antibiotic and stuff. The mold? A lot of high-ranking Selphids will get word. All over the world!”
“Really? Just like that?”
Geneva blinked. Idis laughed with her voice.
“Of course! Selphids obey the Minds! It’s—we work together, Geneva. We have to. You know how Selphids won’t ever fight each other in battle, even if they’ve been hired? There are too few of us to not be on the same side.”
“I see. You know, there’s so much I don’t know about Selphids, Idis. Oh—and if we’re alone, why don’t you use my voice?”
“Really? Thanks, Geneva! I like having working vocal chords. You wouldn’t believe how rotten dead ones get.”
It was Geneva’s turn to smile.
“I can only imagine. But we’re sharing a body, Idis. If I make you uncomfortable, why don’t you let me know?”
“Sure! But I’m really happy. I mean, I get to taste, do all kinds of fun stuff—everything’s so real in a living body. Even better than the freshest dead ones!”
The Selphid was happy. Geneva nodded.
“So…you’ll be contacting other Selphids about my antibiotics? Is there anything else Calectus has authorized you to do? I mean, us?”
She was channeling…Okasha. Only, backwards. Idis had to think and Geneva suspected she was doing the Selphid equivalent of scratching her head; she wiggled about for a moment.
“Um. Um—well, if you wanted a Selphid to do something, I could get it. Like…do you need rubies or something? We could get them from Salazsar, or ask an adventurer-Selphid or a [Miner] to get some. Stuff like that.”
“Really?”
“Yup. It’s a lot of authority, but Calectus really trusts you, you know. We want to be your allies.”
Geneva Scala had an idea.  She leaned back in her chair. The [Doctor] inhaled. And decided to take a risk. Idis knew more than Geneva would have wanted her to know. But if the Selphids were uneasy allies—she might as well use that.
“Interesting. In that case, Idis? Could you do me a favor?”
She spoke. Idis listened. Then she took Geneva’s body, at the [Doctor]’s request, vaulted out of the chair, and ran out of the Selphid’s headquarters.
Idis ran. Geneva felt the Selphid laughing with delight as she raced down the street, using her Skills to move faster than Geneva thought was possible. She blew so fast past Umina and Marian that the two [Strategists] were left in her dust.
Of course, that wasn’t the request. It was just to make Geneva move around faster and give Idis control for a moment, which made the Selphid happy. And while she ran…
The [Doctor] was thinking.
 
—-
 
