7.32 D
Page 35
It wasn’t the penicillin. Or even ‘Joseph’ who had led to that. It was just…reassurance. The world needed help. But Geneva Scala did not stand alone.
She wanted to see Okasha and talk to her.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice lay on the floor. She was dead.
“I’m dead.”
A Gnoll leapt on her stomach. Erin shouted and rolled over. Someone pulled Mrsha off her.
“I’m super-dead.”
She was exhausted. She’d run about all day. Drassi confronting Sir Relz and Noass was all over the news. The two Drakes were in hot water. Wistram was considering its options.
“You did all that in a day. You, who needed coaching to sign one trade agreement.”
Maviola looked at Erin with faint admiration. She saw Erin uncurl and look up at her. The [Magical Innkeeper] shrugged.
“Well, yeah. That’s easy. Or rather—that’s what I’m good at. I don’t like contracts and negotiations. I’m better at people.”
“Each to their own, I suppose. Well done.”
“I didn’t do much. It was…the [Doctor]. Octavia. Ryoka, and Drassi. I just nudged them.”
Erin sat up. She was still smiling a bit. Weary though she was, she was satisfied. She looked past Maviola. And the [Lady] saw.
An [Alchemist], taking on more orders. Experiencing a moment in the sun.
A [Gossip], panting and having a long drink—also looking supremely angry.
The half-Elf Grand Mage, swatting at Mrsha as she tried to take his fries. She leapt—and went floating, slowly turning head-over-heels as gravity failed her. She began trying to swim past Bird. He’d fainted again.
That didn’t count. But Erin Solstice sat up and smiled.
“We’ll just have to see what happens next, won’t we? For now…”
She glanced towards the door.
 
—-
 
Selphids had secrets. Selphids looked out for other Selphids. But friends? Also friends. If you met someone who didn’t look at you like a treacherous parasite, you did a lot for them.
Jelaqua patted Ulinde on the shoulders, supporting her. The [Spellslinger] was worn out.
“I’m fine, really. It was just so many [Messages].”
Ulinde had a headache. But her team carried her back through Pallass. They passed by a protest. Some of Pallass’ residents wanted Noass and Sir Relz off the air.
“You did good, Ulinde. We’ll keep contacting Erin if we have to. But let’s take a load off. Have some drinks. Hell of a day, huh? Earth.”
The Halfseekers nodded. Jelaqua kept her voice low. Seborn cracked his neck.
“So…what’s this other world like? We were too busy helping with the mold to ask.”
Jelaqua and Ulinde exchanged looks. After a moment, Jelaqua slapped her forehead.
“I forgot to ask with everything that came up!”
The Drowned Man crossed his arms, thinking.
“Huh. Well, if it has Humans it can’t be that weird.”
Moore politely tapped Seborn on the shoulder.
“Yes. But Erin comes from there.”
The team of four looked at each other. Jelaqua shook her head.
“We’ll ask another day. Come on, everyone. First round’s on me! Then, I have a date.”
“Watch out for Yellow Rivers.”
“Shut up, Seborn.”
 
—-
 
[Conditions Met: Gossip → Honest Reporter Class!]
[Honest Reporter Class Obtained!]
 
Drassi surged up from the bar where she’d fallen asleep from angry-drinking. She looked around.
“Hey! Hey!”
Numbtongue glanced up from his usual seat. Drassi waved her claws, trying to get her mind working as the Skills started listing themselves. She fell out of her chair.
Little things.
 
—-
 
Selphids. The two Drake [Commentator]’s coverage of the Yellow Rivers diseases had outraged other cities. More than just Wistram’s own internal Earthers were putting pressure on Noass and Sir Relz.
