7.32 D
Page 37
But it was still Yerra. He crouched down. Feshi put a paw on his shoulders.
“We have to try. She can’t die.”
“She will not. If it’s Oteslia—we go. As fast as we can, without—disturbing Yerranola.”
“There’s a bounty on our heads. That Drowned Captain wants the blades.”
Feshi pointed out quietly. Merrik clenched one hand.
“They can try to get it. We’re not done yet. Come on. Let’s make preparations. To Oteslia! Hear that, your Majesty? We’ll leave the swords here if you want. But we’re going. Our friend comes first.”
The [Strategists] turned. And the figure of sand, the king in death, stood there.
Fetohep of Khelt. His deathly gaze swept across the room. Towards Wil, Feshi, Peki, Merrik, Venaz—and then Yerranola.
“That is your will? You will go, despite my demand to return the blades to my personage?”
He inquired politely. It was a…disarmingly soft question. Fetohep was not in a good mood. Trey Atwood had left and he was nowhere to be found. The King of Khelt waited. Wil Kallinad bowed.
“We will arrange transport for the blades if you demand it, King Fetohep. But if it comes to them or the life of our friend—we cannot spare the trip to Chandrar. We must go.”
“I see. Well then.”
Fetohep stepped forwards. Venaz’s hands touched the hilt of his sword. Warily. Fetohep stared back at the Selphid in agony. He looked at the [Strategists] and nodded.
“Well said. Take your friend. Time matters little to me anyways. Had you abandoned her—you would not be worthy of the blades.”
He waved a hand and vanished. Wil exhaled. The King of Khelt settled back on his throne. Adventures and legends. He sat there, chuckling to himself. Wil looked at the others, and then picked up Yerranola. Gently, but she screamed nevertheless. He held her to his chest, warming the jar.
“Hold on, Yerra. We’re going to save you. Hold on. Please.”
 
 
 
Author’s Note: The theme of this chapter was Selphids. I’m, not sure if that was obvious. However, I hope you enjoyed it. And this was short…er! 22,000 words is respectable, right? Right?
Anyways. It’s another chapter in the day of the life. Where…some big things happened, if we’re honest. Plotlines are meeting. In time…well, we’ll see.
Also, if you didn’t see, there’s a free sample of Volume 2’s audiobook! Check it out at the top!
For now, I’ll leave you with some wonderful art. The-O-Endless has done a horrific pixel-Creler, Anito has done a topical Moore and other art, and Sarina has done a lot of profiles! Give them all lots of appreciation! Have a good night and thanks for reading!
The adventure continues.
https://ko-fi.com/anito
 
Pixel Creler by The-O-Endless!

 
Moore, fae, hot tubs and more by Anito!
                                                             
 
Portraits by Sarinia!
                                                                
 

