7.32 D
Page 30
“It might not even have the desired effect. We have to see, and make sure we’re fully eradicating the bacteria. There will still be casualties. But yes—if everything goes well, we might be able to scale up production of a cure enough to halt the disease. If that happens, I will ensure this [Alchemist] gets full credit.”
“As well as The Last Light of Baleros?”
Kirana teased. Geneva glanced up.
“I didn’t do much. This [Alchemist] managed to create the antibiotic. As well as…”
She stared at the message. Someone had thought of penicillin as well. And to judge from it—months before Geneva had.
It was humbling. The [Doctor] felt like a fool. If she’d done that from the start, rather than signing up to be a battlefield-surgeon, she would have saved more lives than she ever did with her bare hands.
“Let it work.”
She whispered. Someone patted her on the shoulder. Siri. The Swedish girl smiled.
“It will. Someone over there is our friend.”
“And speaking of which—let’s not crowd Geneva, everyone. We’re probably making it worse if someone’s sick. Let’s go. Anyone free? We’ll do a kick-about with the soccer ball. Who’s up for that?”
Daly raised his voice. A good number of Earthers followed him. Geneva was left sitting there.
“Geneva? Are you okay? You’ve got a lot of emotions in you. This is good, right?”
“This is good. I’m fine. Thank you—Siri.”
The [Doctor] stood. She felt lighter. She looked around. Hope had taken a mountain off her shoulders. For a moment.
“At least if we get this medicine working, we can debunk these idiots on the scrying orb.”
Paige groused. She pointed at Sir Relz and Noass, who were talking about trade implications. Geneva grimaced.
“Another [Healer] will bring up penicillin. Maybe even this Demerra. There’s no point to touting a cure until we’re certain.”
She glowered, nonetheless, at the two Drakes who had a healing crystal gifted to them by Demerra prominently displayed on their desk. They were still broadcasting worldwide.
 
—-
 
“—trade with Baleros is thus limited out of practicality for the meantime. I’d take that into account, all you [Merchants] and [Traders] listening and anyone with an eye for overseas products.”
“How many people does that make? Most people can’t afford overseas goods. This is the rich bastards all over again, making a show for them. Wistram. I’m going to kill Aaron. Someone turn them off.”
Cara O’Sullivan, [Singer] of Terandria sat on her couch, scowling. She waved and one of the band members reached for the orb.
There had been riots in the city the [Singer] had visited. Thanks to the Drakes. She’d managed to calm the crowds, but the same could not be said for other Terandrian cities.
It was bad business. Cara eyed Noass. If she could drop-kick him at this very moment, she would. The two Drakes had the world’s ear, but they weren’t responsible with it. They were—
 
—-
 
“—idiots! Archmages, this is unacceptable!”
The mob of Earthers in Wistram’s hallway were blocking traffic. The other [Mages] were listening, but Feor had wisely ordered the students and younger [Mages] not in the know kept away from this…protest.
It was as close to a revolt as Wistram had ever seen. Two thirds of the young people from Earth had demanded an audience with the Archmages. Elena, their spokesperson, was arguing with Feor and Viltach. The half-Elf was trying to understand.
“That’s not good journalism. You—it—you can’t just say ‘go buy magic crystals’!”
