7.32 D
Page 27
He shrugged. A look crossed Tritel’s face.
“Listen, Miss Erin. I’ve been begged hundreds, thousands of times by wives, asking me to take an antidote to their husbands. Or adventurers who need me to bail them out with a potion. Children who need transport to The Healer of Tenbault or somewhere with a good [Healer]. Sometimes I do it. I used to do it a lot. But if I do it too much, I’ll spend my entire life running without a penny. And I have to feed Ci and myself. I’ve known Couriers who died like that.”
The [Innkeeper] pursed her lips.
“So people dying doesn’t bother you?”
His eyes flashed. Ci glowered at Erin and bent her head to nudge the [Innkeeper]. But Tritel stopped her.
“I never said that. I just said, I need compensation. And if you think I’m heartless—the sea-Courier needs money too. More, really. They need to cross a damn ocean with this cargo. Can you pay us?”
Erin Solstice sat back. She was thinking. Reynold frowned.
“Lady Reinhart would surely…”
He looked at Sacra. She nodded.
“I’ll send a [Message].”
She unrolled a scroll. And Teriarch held up a hand.
“Not just yet.”
The two servants blinked. They looked down at him. The Dragon sat in his chair, watching Erin.
“Grand Magus?”
Reynold wondered if this was Eldavin’s pique showing. But the half-Elf was just watching Erin. He glanced at Reynold.
“If she fails, send a [Message]. But wait.”
The young woman looked around. Lyonette was shaking her head. It would deplete the inn’s funds, even if they could afford to hire both. And Erin didn’t think a [Doctor] had that much money. If she needed to, she’d ask via Ulinde. But…there were ways.
Her eyes alighted on Galina, instructing an older Gnoll woman on the parts of A Doll’s House. Erin looked back at Tritel.
“What about other forms of compensation, Tritel?”
He laughed dismissively.
“Miss Erin. If I had a copper penny for every time I heard that—”
Erin Solstice slapped the table. Ci backed up in surprise. She leaned forwards and the Moonlight Rider and his horse leaned back.
“Tritel. And Ci. The Players of Celum have a booth in their theater reserved for me. Are you a big fan of plays?”
“You? I mean—I’ve seen the other plays, back before they arrived. Ci has to wait, so I’m not a fan of them, though. Decent stuff. What, why?”
Tritel blinked at Erin. She owned the Solstice Booth? The young woman looked at him. She put her cards on the table.
“I will get you and the Courier who delivers it across the sea an exclusive seat in the Solstice Booth and a performance dedicated to you by the Players of Celum, who will dedicate the play to you by name to the entire audience for an entire month as a patron of the arts.”
It was a variation of her Octavia gambit. Tritel’s eyes widened. He took a deep sip of the drink.
“…You can do that?”
“Absolutely. Your name. And Ci’s. And I’ll pay you as much as I can. The sea-Courier too. How about it? Free access to the Solstice booth. For as many plays as you want. We can always share. Plus, you can take friends with you.”
Tritel was thinking about that. That was…very tempting. Erin Solstice sat there. She smiled at him and the Moonlight Rider grinned. He was wavering. Erin looked at him and then at his horse. She grinned.
“This will save lives. It’s the right thing to do. And…I’ll get your horse in the booth as well.”
The [Rider] blinked at Erin. And then he laughed.
“Deal. I’ll do it for free if I get that! Now, do you have a sea-Courier? Because if not, I need a [Message] spell to negotiate…”
 
—-
 
