7.32 D
Page 9
“It’s time to see if their replacements can handle the situation. I just need some brainpower. You’ll see. The Bodies of Felldan? That’s not right. Only the Minds would order them anywhere. Why would they…? Damn, damn, damn. I need to do something about that.”
“Obviously.”
The Centaur saw Niers think. He moved a piece forwards and she stole a knight.
The two of them stared at the dead piece. That was just a mistake. Perorn slowly took it off the board. She knew Niers well enough to know from the expression flashing across his face for a microsecond that it hadn’t been some ploy. He’d just not noticed the move.
“Is everything alright, Niers?”
“Fine, Perorn. I just have things to deal with. It’s an off-day for me. Soon, it will be dealt with.”
He waved it off. Perorn looked at him. The Titan’s expression was faraway. Not on the documents. Or on the game. He moved a piece.
“I shall be announcing something soon, Perorn. Something I’ve been meaning to do. It’s…well, you’ll see.”
That was all the Titan said. But it worried her. Because he looked…happy. And the Titan of Baleros was so seldom that. She feared not his happiness; she wanted that for her friend. But she felt like…
He lost two more games after that.
 
—-
 
Selphids and Selphids and Selphids, oh my. Geneva Scala saw them speaking. She felt her lips moving. But she heard nothing.
Idis was giving a report. Or rather, she had given that. Geneva had heard her speaking to Calectus and the other senior Selphids. But their debate Geneva wasn’t part of.
Of course, Idis wasn’t an…[Inner Friend]. Yet. If she had the class, she didn’t have Okasha’s box to put Geneva in. But that hardly mattered.
“—decided, then. Idis will make it so. Geneva Scala?”
The [Doctor] felt Idis cede control to her in an instant. It was like…being able to scratch her nose after feeling it itch for a long time. Only, Idis would scratch Geneva’s nose anyways since they were connected.
Now, the [Doctor] looked at a friend. Or a former friend. Had he ever been a friend?
“Calectus.”
The Selphid [Honor Guard] nodded to her. The other Selphids were leaving the room.
“I apologize for the necessity, Geneva. Some discussions you cannot be privy to at this moment.”
“I see. Will that ever change?”
Calectus’ expression didn’t change. But then, Selphids could control any body perfectly. The experienced ones, at any rate. He dipped his head.
“We hope so, Geneva. But we must be cautious. The fate of Selphids everywhere may hang on our decisions. We are…not trusted as a species.”
“Hmm.”
Geneva resisted the urge to ask if how they dealt with her wasn’t an example of why the distrust existed to begin with. The Selphid, controlling his Dullahan body, turned his head slightly; it was disconnected so it turned nearly one hundred and eighty degrees. He shifted it forwards again, sighing.
“The…situation is somewhat tenuous. We understand there are other people from Earth in other parts of the world.”
“What will you do with them?”
He shook his head.
“Nothing. We are not interested in collecting anyone. If Wistram is—that is a decision for the Minds to address.”
The Minds. A governing body of Selphids, according to Idis. Geneva nodded slowly.
“So. Anything else? What were you discussing?”
“How to help your cause, Geneva Scala.”
She blinked. Calectus went on.
“We are here to help you, as I said. We will contribute funds to research for your cure. And as I said, Idis will help you make contact.”
“Contact? Contact with whom?”
