7.32 D
Page 8
The Centauress nodded. They sat over the chess board. Both were advocates of the game. But Perorn couldn’t help but notice how oddly Niers had played.
“Even for you, that felt like you pushed far too much, Niers. What possessed you?”
“Oh—I was actually copying a style from a game I’d seen. A…tiebreaker match. The winning side used this.”
The Fraerling looked smug, for some reason. Despite his loss. And he hated losing. Perorn raised one eyebrow.
“Your mysterious opponent?”
The Fraerling fumbled one of the tiny pieces on the board. It was a compromise between their heights. The pieces were huge for him—miniscule for Perorn. He glanced up at her, and she snorted.
“Forget about it, Niers. Everyone knows about your ‘mysterious opponent’. I know you two communicate somehow. So, what was it?”
The Titan pursed his lips, but then reclined in his chair.
“A splendid five games, Perorn. Well, I say five, but those were the only wins and losses. It was draws the entire way down. But the final game was this. A tiebreaker.”
“And the winner was…?”
“Let’s just say it was unexpected. S—they pushed in hard, and their opponent was taken aback by the aggressive play. I tried to recreate it here after seeing the copy of the games, but it obviously didn’t work. It was more of a psychological victory than anything else, I’m given to understand. But that’s the indication of a master.”
The tiny [Strategist] indicated the board. Perorn eyed him. The old Fraerling looked happy. And she…
Didn’t like it. The Centauress reset her side after a moment.
“Well, you’re in a good mood about it. I wish you weren’t.”
“Thank you, Perorn? Are my good moods that abhorrent to you?”
The Titan of Baleros frowned up at the Centaur. She was resting on some pillows; he was sitting on the table they were playing on in his rooms. She looked down at him.
“Frankly? Yes. You do better when you’re in a bad mood, Niers. I’ve seen you win battles when you’re spitting fire. When you’re in a good mood, you make mistakes.”
He frowned, drumming his fingers on the armrest of his chair.
“And the proof of that?”
“I just beat you.”
“That was a one-time thing. I was recreating a style. Let’s play again.”
“As you wish.”
Perorn eyed the Titan. His good mood didn’t abate, despite her words. She sensed it.
Something was up. He’d been humming, praising his students in class—and he was making plans in secret. Foliana, Perorn, Peclir—all of the senior members of the Forgotten Wing Company suspected something. But what…well, she thought she knew.
He had figured out who his mysterious partner was. And that person was—female. She sighed.
“About this business with the Last Light of Baleros.”
Niers jumped. He nearly knocked over a pawn as he moved it. He stared at her, suspiciously.
“Who?”
“Niers. You know I’d find out. You sent Kissilt, Cameral, Umina…do you think I wouldn’t have noticed them missing from classes? This wasn’t subtle. So I looked into them. Why is a Selphid company in Talenqual?”
“They are? Wait—damn. I should have reports on that!”
The Titan blinked. He sprang to his feet. Perorn saw him stride over to the cabinet of neatly-filed reports. He found the folder he wanted in a moment, opened it. She heard him swearing.
And she got more nervous.
“Something the matter?”
“I…don’t know why they’re there. Damn. I didn’t notice that, Perorn. I’ve been occupied.”
“I know. Why are you recalling six senior [Strategists] from their posts?”
The Titan evaded the question.
