7.32 D
Page 32
Noass recoiled as Drassi kicked at him. She spoke up, pointing a finger at them.
“Excuse me, Sir Relz! Noass! But don’t you think it’s misleading to claim healing crystals are a cure for the Yellow Rivers disease when—”
She fumbled for her notes.
“—when even Healer Demerra admits it still takes a week in her healing beds for a full recovery? And that’s with numerous healing crystals! Can one really prevent disease, or is that just a false claim?”
“What? What? We were just—give that—”
The two Drakes were reaching for the microphone, and Sir Relz reached for his side and his self-defense wand. He halted—mainly because of a figure standing just off-screen.
Sinew Magus Grimalkin’s arms were folded. He made no move. He was just watching. But the Drake loomed. He gave the impression that Sir Relz could draw his wand and cast as many spells as he wanted. And after Relz was done, Grimalkin would deal with him. Sir Relz froze.
The news broadcast had turned into an interview. The two Drakes found themselves sitting as Drassi found a seat. The camera moved back as the three began to debate.
“What’s this about, Miss Drassi? One cannot just barge in here and—waste people’s time.”
“If I were wasting people’s time, I wouldn’t be here, Sir Relz. Noass. I’m just here to bring up what I feel is…misinformation. You two have been talking about the Yellow Rivers disease as if it’s not a big problem. But there are tens of thousands of sick people in port cities across the world. Isn’t that cause for alarm?”
Noass shuffled his papers. Sir Relz folded his claws and carefully replied.
“…Of course. That’s why we’re reporting on it. Just what about that is objectionable, young lady?”
Drassi smiled kindly. She waved at the healing crystal on his desk.
“Yes, but—is this good coverage? You put Healer Demerra on. And all fairness to her, she is high-level. But she’s not exactly on the front lines of the problem, is she? There are six infected people in Pallass.”
“And? She has treated them quite efficiently.”
“But it’s six people. How would Demerra handle thousands? Why isn’t a [Healer] from Baleros—or at least Zeres talking? How are they dealing with this? Are they finding crystals effective?”
Noass shifted.
“I—well, of course it’s a concern. But Demerra was presenting an option for people to protect themselves.”
The [Gossip] looked blank.
“With what?”
“Healing crystals.”
“Do they work?”
“—Demerra’s recommended them.”
The two Drakes’ expressions changed as Drassi glanced at the crystal.
“So, they absolutely work at protecting people from the Yellow Rivers disease. You have one of these—which everyone can afford—and we’re safe?”
“You know, it’s not that simple—”
“Then why are you talking about this? I watch your show every day.”
“Well, thank you—”
Drassi raised a hand and Sir Relz stopped smiling.
“I’ve stopped enjoying it as much. After the riots coverage. You know, there was a riot in Liscor?”
“We brought it up ourselves.”
“Yeah. Funny thing. There wasn’t one until you got to Invrisil and broadcast the crowds. Why’d you do that?”
Sir Relz was getting annoyed. He leaned forwards and snapped.
“Miss Drassi. Our job is to report the news. We’re [Commentators]. Our entire class is based around presenting what’s happening and giving our take! That’s our role.”
“Sure it is. My class does the same thing. But I don’t say things that might get people hurt. I’m a [Gossip], but I don’t tell lies.”
“Oh please—”
