7.32 D
Page 4
What made her so furious was that the Gnoll was half-right. In this world healing crystals were real and they worked. But her solution wasn’t scalable. Geneva had been corresponding with other [Healers] who used healing crystals among other solutions and a bed of them would supercharge the immune system like a number of Skills, including Geneva’s own, which would halt the bacteria’s advance and give the body time to recover.
However. So many people were falling sick that unless the price of healing crystals dropped by about 83%, it wouldn’t be feasible to treat people.
“At least they’re talking about it, Geneva. Half the cities you were reaching out to were denying there was even a pandemic.”
Siri sat at the table, appraising the situation. As the [Doctor] cooled down, she still glowered at the images in the orb.
“This is worse, though. People will be buying the crystals, taking away from [Healers] who need them. And—they’ll assume they’re safe! They need to be corrected. Let me talk to—”
“Denied!”
The voice rang out in Geneva’s head. Idis’ bright, cheerful tone. Geneva’s voice cut off. And she heard and felt her words change.
“—nevermind. It’s too risky.”
Paige blinked. But she nodded, relieved.
“We discussed that, Geneva. The broadcast is going through Wistram.”
Geneva nodded tightly. It was even how she’d have reacted.
“I know. I got overworked. Forget about it.”
She hadn’t said that. Idis spoke into Geneva’s head, a buzzing, tiny voice in her ears.
“Sorry, Geneva. Calectus told you, we can’t risk word about you getting out.”
She’d overridden Geneva’s vocal chords and play-acted as her. The others, who’d been sitting around the table hadn’t even noticed.
“Geneva, even if these treatments do not…work perfectly. Surely the fact that there are multiple ways to treat the disease is good, right?”
Ken spoke up. The meeting of the United Nations company was here to address this very issue. Geneva rubbed tiredly at her face. Not from physical exhaustion; she’d gotten nine hours of sleep thanks to Idis. As she had for the last week. But she was mentally tired. Stressed out.
“—It is, Ken. The Yellow Rivers disease isn’t as bad as it could be. It’s bacterial, not viral, the mortality rate if treated isn’t high. But it requires supervision; the disease provokes fevers, diarrhea—all killers in places with insufficient access to clean water and medical treatment. The worst problem is how fast it spread and how long it takes to recover from. Take Aiko, for instance.”
The others nodded. Aiko was one of the [Nurses] working under Geneva who’d contracted the disease. Ken looked concerned, but she was in a dedicated wing of the company building now quarantined. And she was…fine.
Well, not fine fine. She was running a fever, but Geneva had three massive citrines sitting around her and the other patients which a [Healer] had sent. They had kept the fever down and Aiko was recovering faster. If Geneva could buy more crystals, she would.
“—Talenqual already has more patients than I can handle, Ken. And the clinic can’t even keep up with the serious cases.”
“Even with the expansion?”
That came from Luan. He had a bandage over his head and a scowl on his face; he’d been attacked when he’d done his last delivery. The bounty on his head was still extant. Geneva shook her head.
“The Selphids, [Nurses], and volunteers…still can’t keep up with an influx of thousands, Luan. Especially when it takes weeks per infected person.”
