7.32 D
Page 33
“Half-truths, then. What did telling people about riots achieve? Did you have to show us how mad everyone was? In the same way—do you think that telling people ‘healing crystals work’ will end the Yellow Rivers problem? I think it’s still ongoing, don’t you?”
“Yes. But…it’s disingenuous to alarm people all the time.”
“More disingenuous than reassuring them when there’s cause for alarm?”
Noass raised a claw.
“Listen, young Drake. And I’d appreciate it if you let us speak.”
Drassi nodded tightly. The Drake collected his thoughts.
“The Yellow Rivers disease is one matter. The riots are another. Let’s tackle one at a time. Shouldn’t we report the news as it happens? The King of Destruction, the riots—these events were happening as we spoke. Sir Relz and I went out and placed ourselves in the way of danger to show people what was happening. How—how is that a problem?”
It was the [Gossip]’s turn to pause.
“It seems, Noass, that we’re conflicted on what ‘reporting the news’ means. I think you’re saying when you report on the riots or the King of Destruction that people need to know instantly what’s happening.”
“That’s correct. We’re bringing news to people at a speed unprecedented up till this moment in time. A complete revolution of communication.”
“Yes. But there’s a danger inherent in this. I think you’re not thinking of the way showing people what’s happening is dangerous.”
“Dangerous?”
“Yes. Riots began across the world because people saw your coverage. Wouldn’t you agree there’s a link?”
The two Drakes exchanged a quick glance. Noass carefully sat back.
“We just report the news, Miss Drassi.”
“So there’s no responsibility on your part for how the news is reported?”
Silence. Drassi went on.
“Do healing crystals protect you from the disease? Sir Relz? Yes or no.”
“Healer Demerra has assured us it helps. That’s her prognosis as a [Healer]. Do you know what prognosis means, Miss Drassi?”
“Do I need to? Listen. Healer Demerra can say what she thinks is right. But if she’s wrong and the crystals are waste of money—isn’t that your fault as well? Do they protect you from the Yellow Rivers disease, Sir Relz? Please, answer the question.”
The Drake coughed.
“Traditionally, healing crystals do supplement potions. You see, they have known magical and medicinal properties—”
“Let’s stick to the facts, Sir Relz. Just the facts, please. It’s a yes-or-no question.”
 
—-
 
The three Drakes paused for another agonizing moment on screen. Elena blinked. Aaron smiled.
Joseph?
“That’s our guy.”
He whispered to the others.
 
—-
 
“Who is this Drake? Why do I love her?”
Cara was watching Drassi. Sir Relz was smiling hard.
“Miss Drassi, you seem to think our job is to be the font of all truths.”
“I believe it’s your job to tell the truth, yes. As best as you can. Is that so hard to do?”
“You’re being rather rude, young lady.”
“I prefer to think of it as being ‘honest’. How many people who aren’t rich can buy healing crystals to begin with?”
 
—-
 
The [Doctor] laughed. She laughed with delight. It wasn’t possible. But—he’d done it.
“Joseph?”
The two [Commentators] were getting tetchy.
“I don’t think we need to be talked down to by a young woman half our ages, Noass. Nor do I think the audience needs to see this.”
“Please, Sir Relz. We need to know the truth! People are dying in port-cities. Those crystals don’t work! We need to do more than just slap a crystal on the problem and say it’s done!”
“Someone cut the broadcast. Switch to, switch to—”
The orb went dark. The United Nations company waited one beat, and then broke into a babble.
