7.32 D
Page 12
The interesting thing about Selphids was this: they were always on the same side. Even when they were enemies—they didn’t kill each other.
Mainly because they had to be on the same side when the world hated them. Selphids killing Selphids was rare. In their community, even far from home, a Selphid would aid another Selphid. And there were also ranks, authority by seniority. Secrets shared only among their people.
In practice, it meant that a Selphid was an older…Selphid to others. ‘Older brother’ or ‘older sister’ being the wrong term usually since gender wasn’t applicable to Selphids. Mostly.
Some preferred one body or another. But the body influenced the Selphid, along with species. For instance, Ulinde thought of herself as female today because she was wearing a female Drake’s body. But she would be male when she wore one of the male forms in storage.
And it was looking more important for her to be male more often than not. Because she and Jelaqua were sharing from a pool of corpses and Jelaqua was…female.
An older sister, then. She and Maughin were a couple, and because the Dullahan preferred Jelaqua’s female bodies, the Selphid had started wearing them exclusively. Ulinde, as her junior, tried to make Jelaqua’s life easier.
After all, they were both part of the same team. And Ulinde admired Jelaqua. She was in awe of her heroes, the Halfseekers. She was also, in no small way, terrified of making Jelaqua angry at her again.
Selphids didn’t kill Selphids. But Ulinde had learned that you didn’t have to die to regret crossing another Selphid. Sometimes she still shuddered at the one confrontation they’d had.
“But I deserved that. And now I’m a Halfseeker. Me.”
The Selphid smiled into a mirror. Her lips twitched and spasmed. She sighed, and with her interior body, found a ripped bit of muscle.
“Darn. The muscle’s wearing out.”
She sighed. Corpses always wore down. But this Drake’s body was far from rotten, so she lived with it. She went downstairs after carefully applying some of the preservative gel that prevented body odors from leaking out and active decay.
“Good morning, Jelaqua! Morning, Moore, morning, Seborn!”
The youngest member of the Halfseekers bounded down the stairs into the inn in Pallass. The other Halfseekers looked up. Jelaqua waved lazily, Seborn grunted, and Moore smiled.
“Hello, Ulinde. How was your sleep?”
“Great, thanks! Jelaqua, what’re we doing today? I’m ready to go adventuring!”
The [Spellslinger] bounced up and down. Jelaqua yawned.
“Eat something first, Ulinde! I’m tired. Seborn, what’s our plan?”
“We’re between jobs. Again. Because someone keeps going on dates rather than finding us work.”
The [Rogue] snapped. He was grumpy without his morning tea-and-rum. It came via Garuda [Waitress] along with food for the others.
This was not The Wandering Inn. It was simply expedient; easier to be in Pallass rather than having to use Erin’s door. And the inn was nice, even to Selphids. It was run by a Dullahan, who knew and respected Maughin and was familiar with Selphids from Baleros.
“Hey, I looked, Seborn. I didn’t see anything great. We’ll take a mission today. After breakfast. Uh—who wants my breakfast? I ate at Maughin’s.”
Seborn sighed. But Moore accepted Jelaqua’s portion and chowed down on his extra-large plate. Ulinde helped herself to breakfast—or tried to. She noticed Moore staring.
“Ulinde. Your jaw is…”
The Selphid’s jaw was only opening on her right side. Ulinde sighed.
“My jaw muscle’s all deteriorated. Jelaqua, do you know a fix?”
“Let me see. Damn, looks all torn up.”
