7.32 D
Page 7
Umina saw Geneva turn left. She eyed the [Doctor]. Umina was a big fan of listening and understanding before making a move. In the Professor’s class, it had earned her a reputation for timidity. But now, she thought it was entirely appropriate.
“What are Cameral and Kissilt doing, do you know?”
“Training as adventurers in the Bushrangers group. They’re ingratiating themselves with…let me check my notes. Daly?”
“That’s right. I think they’re going about it the wrong way.”
Marian’s voice was conversational as she kept walking somewhere.
“I dunno. Kissilt is rather impressed with their leader. He says Daly has a different understanding of battle than most.”
“Marian! Are you talking with Kissilt?”
“Yup. Don’t shout, Umina. We’re sharing information.”
“This is our mission!”
The Lizardgirl howled into the speaking stone. She saw Geneva walking up to the place the Selphids had rented. Now—Umina stopped. There were Selphids guarding the door, and they looked sharp. She saw them wave Geneva in, instantly.
“Lantern has entered the Dead Zone.”
“…So she walked in the front door? I saw it too, Umina. I’m right here.”
Umina jumped. She looked around and saw a Centauress waving at her.
“Mariaaaan. We’re supposed to be split up!”
The Lizardgirl complained as the two joined up. Marian sighed.
“Umina, this isn’t cloak-and-dagger stuff. We might as well make Miss Geneva our offer and be done with it. The other companies want her, the Professor wants her. That’s all there is to it.”
“But he sent us because no one’s aware of her full value yet, Marian. And the more I see of her, the more I’m convinced she’s got more to hide than even the Professor knows. Maybe he suspects, but did you think she had ties to the Selphids? The Bodies of Fellden are serious strength!”
Marian scratched at her mane of hair.
“…That’s true. They’re supposed to be a Selphid-only company. If they came to help her, she must be in with them. I wonder why?”
“No clue. I wish Yerra—”
The two broke off. Umina stared at the street. Marian cleared her throat after a second.
“…What else do you notice, Umina?”
The Lizardgirl snuffled. She wiped at her nostrils. Then she looked up.
“She speaks of things no [Healer] does. I asked, and none of them know about bacterias. Or—half the things she talks about. She’s knowledgeable, Marian. But who taught her? Is it a [Doctor] thing?”
The Centaur [Strategist] was nodding. Umina stared at the Selphids on duty.
“And lastly…why is she so fit?”
That made Marian snort.
“Umina. I’m fit.”
“Yes. But you exercise. You’re a [Strategist] with [Ranger] levels, Marian.”
The Lizardgirl poked her friend’s side. She looked at the door that Geneva had gone through with narrowed eyes.
“Miss Geneva never exercises that I see her. So why does she have muscles?”
Marian gave Umina a blank look.
“Maybe she exercises outside of the times you see her, Umina? Not everything has a secret explanation.”
“Marian…”
 
—-
 
Niers Astoragon lost a chess game.
To be fair, it was a difficult battle. He was renowned as the best player of the game in the world to most people’s knowledge. And the best player in the world couldn’t be beaten by an amateur, even on his worst day.
His opponent was good. But Perorn Fleethoof, famed [Strategist] in her own right, couldn’t help but feel that it was a weak victory. Not that she hadn’t tried.
But his game had been off. The Titan still applauded her. He smiled, laughed, and wasn’t put out by his defeat.
“Well done, Perorn! I have to admit, that strategy doesn’t work too well in every situation, does it?”
“It was far too aggressive.”
