7.33 I
Page 19
It was ruder than Navine, but Alrric didn’t like the pompous Drake. Brilm adjusted his silk robes.
“I’m here on behalf of your master, Alrric.”
“Ilvriss isn’t my master, Brilm. He’s my employer.”
“Well, this is in both of your interests! Ilvriss is treading a fine line. Tell me—is it a Gnoll, or a Human or…or a Selphid he’s given the ring to?”
Why did they think he knew? The Gnoll sighed.
“I’m not married to Ilvriss.”
“Aha! But if not you, then who? Listen, Alrric. You don’t like me. I don’t like you. But Ilvriss is my friend. As a friend, I’m warning you: the other Children of the Walls are wondering what activated his rings. There are rumors.”
“I imagine so. What is the issue, Brilm?”
The Drake fussed with a box of powder. He sniffed at it and brightened. More Balerosian stuff. Alrric wished he wouldn’t sprinkle it on the carpet. The Drake was calmer after that.
“Marriage, that’s what. It worries people. Ilvriss is respected. Tasilt was always insane for marrying…”
He paused as Alrric looked at him. But Brilm wasn’t one to hold back on niceties.
“…A Gnoll. Ilvriss now? Old Zail would kill him and it would be terrible for his reputation. It might even start—nastiness.”
Infighting, assassinations, corporate espionage…Alrric had a headache just thinking about it. Brilm waved a claw.
“However—there’s an easy solution.”
Alrric was curious despite himself. He leaned forwards.
“Enlighten me?”
The Wall Lord took another sniff.
“A wife is a problem. Meatbag Humans aside, a Gnoll is still better than a Selphid. Or a Garuda? Actually, a Garuda would work…now a Centauress…that would be weird. But I don’t think—”
He muttered. Alrric rolled his eyes. ‘Acceptable’ wives? Drakes. Brilm caught himself.
“Anyways, the point is that it’s all fine if Ilvriss recontextualizes it. Alrric, suggest to him, politely, that if he took a…mistress…it would be a scandal, but perfectly acceptable.”
“A mistress.”
“That’s right. Don’t give me that look! He can be single his entire life and Navine can get married, although one wonders who she’ll marry. But a mistress isn’t threatening. If he’s keeping his…Dwarf mistress in Invrisil, well, better that she’s here than worrying the others abroad. Let him know that, alright?”
“I will make a note.”
The Wall Lord nodded, clearly relieved. He paused at the door on his way out. The Drake poked his head back in and Alrric looked at him.
“Say…has Ilvriss ever talked about female Minotaurs? Half-Elves?”
 
—-
 
Alrric had a headache by the time Ilvriss arrived. The Wall Lord was not in a good mood.
“My mother nearly spat dragonbreath at me, Alrric. Please tell me you have good news.”
“I’ve been dealing with your father, your sister, Wall Lord Brilm, Wall Lord Tasilt…”
Ilvriss winced progressively more and more until Tasilt’s name came up.
“What was wrong with Tasilt?”
“Nothing. He just came by to speak. I asked how his wife was doing.”
Alrric had enjoyed that meeting. Tasilt was his favorite Wall Lord, bar none. Of course, he’d married a Gnoll. The ‘scandal’ that had nearly got him disowned. Ilvriss blinked.
“I had Tasilt over for dinner last week.”
“He mentioned that. His son—Feldir—caused a bit of a fuss, didn’t he?”
Ilvriss sighed.
“Somewhat. He’s adolescent. Trying to live up to his father, I believe.”
Alrric paused delicately.
“It must be a challenge, since his father is a Drake and Feldir’s a Gnoll.”
It was a funny thing. All the Drakes who came into Alrric’s office were like that. Ilvriss blinked as if he hadn’t considered that was the root of Feldir’s rebelliousness.
