7.33 I
Page 7
She meant the Healer of Tenbault, one of the most expensive and powerful sources for healing in the world. Most Gold-rank adventurers, if they were lucky, could visit her once, and perhaps cure a terrible affliction. If they were luckier, even reattach a freshly-severed limb.
But Shriekblade had visited the Healer of Tenbault many times. It seemed whatever the Healer did didn’t stick, though. Alrric knew her record.
“Why don’t you have a calming tonic, Miss Tessa—”
He was offering the uncorked bottle to her. She looked up.
“No! It doesn’t help!”
She drew her weapon, a long dagger. She slashed at Alrric so fast he only reacted to the blur as she sheathed the blade. The tonic fell onto the carpet as the enchanted glass fell down.
Alrric backed away. Shriekblade was breathing hard. She stared wide-eyed at him and then clutched her head.
“I don’t feel right. When do I get paid?”
Shakily, Alrric took a step back. Then caught himself. He was an [Administrator]. He adjusted his clothes again, and spoke.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss cannot send you to the Healer constantly, Miss Tessa. The potions do work. You’ve tried them yourself. What is wrong?”
“Everything.”
The young Drake—a girl compared to Alrric—sat there. She looked miserably around.
“I’m sorry. It’s all bad. Does Wall Lord Ilvriss have someone for me to kill yet?”
When she said that, Alrric’s concern for her turned to ice. Shriekblade asked it like she wanted to know if Ilvriss wanted his garden weeded. Killing people or monsters was all the same to her.
“Not yet.”
“Okay. Can I have a potion? I need one. I lost the others. No—I drank them.”
 
—-
 
By the time Captain Shieldscale returned at a jog, Shriekblade was calm.
“Reporting for duty, Captain. Apologies for the absence. What do I do?”
She saluted, her face blank. She’d taken three tonics, despite Alrric trying to stop her. Now—she was completely without emotion. Captain Shieldscale hesitated, but motioned towards her.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss wants you to test the [Weapon Master] coming on his or her abilities.”
“Do I kill them?”
“…No.”
“I’m going.”
She marched out of the room, a flicker. Not a [Rogue], or [Assassin], as Alrric understood it. Just…a close-quarters combat specialist. She’d seen more combat than Captain Shieldscale, four times over, despite being younger.
When she was gone, he rang for a cleaner and took a moment. Then, the Gnoll got up from his desk.
“I’m going to meet with the [Chief Miner], Josial. Hold my appointments until I get back.”
“Yes, Administrator”.
The encounter with Shriekblade had not been fun. But it was the hazard of the job—even if a new and unwelcome one. And despite her madness, Alrric would have almost preferred her to…well…
Gnolls.
 
—-
 
Chief Miner Ikrr was an angry Gnoll. He strode about the smaller office thirty levels down where Alrric had met him. Better that than making the other Gnoll climb all that way.
Besides, he had a good complaint, even if it came out in the form of growling, swearing, and pacing.
“It’s every shift! Not just one! Not just once a day—my Gnolls come to me and tell me that both of them are on their backs! My teams. Not anyone else’s, Alrric!”
“And you’re certain?”
Alrric heard the snarl, but he glowered and Ikrr stopped pacing back and forth in front of the desk. Alrric adjusted his posture, although he didn’t reach for his comb.
“Chief Miner Ikrr, when you make an assertion about a fellow Chief Miner, it is a serious matter that I and Wall Lord Ilvriss take seriously. Do you have witnesses who would testify under truth spell?”
