7.33 I
Page 27
“Except yours, Wall Lord. My father will never be your boss. So what’s the point?”
This time Alrric was ready to ground his daughter for the rest of the month. Ilvriss just sat there.
“I suppose that’s true. Pardon me. I didn’t think of it that way. If not the corporations, then, Sidinel, what then?”
He was far too calm. Ilvriss of last year would have taken a lot of offence already. Either someone had scooped out his brains and replaced it with someone else, or he’d changed beyond recognition. Alrric tried to breathe as Sidinel, undeterred by the silent threats of punishment coming from both parents, went on.
“I don’t want to be an adventurer. Well—not yet. I don’t like mining or paperwork. Running’s not that fun. But I like studying magic. I thought I’d go to Fissival next year and study there.”
“As a [Scholar]?”
“Maybe. Or perhaps I’ll learn magic.”
Wall Lord Ilvriss blinked.
“To my knowledge, the idea of a Gnoll [Mage] has long since been declared…impossible. By Wistram. Although they did exist in antiquity.”
“Well, maybe I’ll be the first one in a long while, then.”
Blasé, Sidinel reached for the wine. She caught both of her parent’s eyes and realized she’d gone too far. She desisted.
“Sidinel has grand dreams, Ilvriss. And who knows? A [Wizard], perhaps? But I think we’ll keep working with her. Gnolls at her age are…temperamental.”
“Feldir was. Completely understandable, Alrric. She’s strikingly independent. That’s not a bad thing.”
Ilvriss murmured, once they had retired from the dinner table and were having cordial drinks. Sidinel was finding books in the Wall Lord’s bookshelves. Alrric sighed.
“She has authority issues.”
“Most Drakes and Gnolls do at her age. Don’t worry, I found it refreshing. Rebellion is a part of youth.”
Oh, if only you knew. Sidinel had more of a claim to his frustration than most. Alrric checked himself in the mirror.
“This was delightful, Ilvriss. But we should really be going. Sidinel, put that back.”
“Let her borrow it. It’s a magical tome, but enchanted with anti-theft spells. Who knows? Maybe she can become a [Mage]. I’ve seen far stranger things. And that would be interesting…”
Ilvriss was amused by the idea. Alrric slowly drew a furry finger across his neck as Sidinel waved the book and thanked him.
 
—-
 
Well, Ilvriss didn’t think much more on that encounter. But the walk back down to their home was tense. When they were safely inside the soundproofed home, Alrric glared at Sidinel. Her ears were flat.
“I just—”
“You’re grounded, young lady. Don’t you dare lose that book. I’ll return it tomorrow.”
“Dad. But I could show it to—”
“Absolutely not! Why did you have to needle Ilvriss? He is my boss, Sidinel!”
“Now, now. At least it went well. He didn’t take offence. He was much calmer than I thought he’d be, Alrric.”
Ximenes reassured her husband. He glared, fur on edge.
“He’s changed. Sidinel—don’t you walk away from me!”
“I’ll hop, then.”
The Gnoll father was about to growl. He scrubbed at his itchy fur.
“Where’s the tonic?”
“Here. Sidinel, come back here—”
“I’m going to be a [Mage]!”
“You’re going to be ground beef if you don’t come back here and apologize, young woman!”
The family quarrel was interrupted by a knock at the door. Alrric, halfway through applying a tonic to his fur, froze. Ximenes looked up.
“Oh no.”
She turned to him. Alrric checked his fur. It was that glorious chestnut that his co-workers knew him by. But halfway down his fur, removed by the tonic, the dye had faded. And his fur was…
Sidinel looked at her father. She’d begun applying the tonic too.
