7.33 I
Page 28
“Into the bedrooms. Now. I’ll go to the door.”
Ximenes hadn’t needed the dye. She walked towards the door, opened it. Alrric and his daughter, behind a closed door, scrubbed at the dye-remover, but their fur was wet. The worst case was that it was Ilvriss, wanting to be sociable or get Alrric for something—
“Alrric?”
The Gnoll pulled the mining pick from his younger days off the wall. Sidinel stared at him, eyes wide. The Gnoll answered.
“Yes?”
“Casklal is here to see you. The door’s closed.”
The Gnoll [Administrator] froze. Then, he relaxed. He walked out of the doorway, scowling.
“Casklal! I nearly split your head open!”
The other Gnoll was beautifully black of fur. He had a hat on, and his eyes had a curious ring of green around the brown irises. He always told people it was a birth defect.
“I knocked. And it’s urgent. Sorry to alarm you. Sidinel, how’s my favorite pupil doing?”
“Casklal! Guess what? I was at Wall Lord Ilvriss’ mansion and I got him to lend me a book—”
Sidinel shot from the doorway with eagerness. Casklal chuckled. He carried a walking staff, by the way. And he wore something close to a trench coat for Gnolls.
“A book? That’s a tome. You naughty imp!”
He was an old family friend. Alrric pursed his lips.
“Sidinel was careless.”
Casklal glanced up at him.
“How careless?”
“Not enough to make Ilvriss catch on, but she’s in trouble.”
“Ah. I see. But a magical tome is something. I’ll scold Sidinel later. But I need you, Alrric.”
The Gnoll straightened. Sidinel deflated. Alrric glanced at his friend.
“Now?”
“There’s a gathering. Put your dye back on. We’re meeting in twenty minutes.”
“Alright. I’m coming.”
Ximenes watched, not exactly sanguine, but not more than her usual worry as the two Gnolls helped reapply Alrric’s dye. Then—they went out in concealing clothing, with two scent-potions destroying their distinctive odors. Alrric walked with Casklal. Of course, Sidinel had begged to come. But she was too young.
Alrric, Casklal, Sidinel. It was a heavy burden for his daughter and Alrric had hoped…but no. Ximenes was safe, but she had chosen to carry the secret. Sidinel though, she had been born with it.
Why? There was no answer. But the two Gnoll adults walked on. Casklal’s staff tapped the earth, and the Gnoll’s strange green-brown gaze swept the streets. He whispered a spell. Alrric walked, tense, disguised.
Two, plus Sidinel, safe at home. And two more waited in a secret place. Their fur was dark, or bright, or glossy or matte. It didn’t matter if it was chestnut or beige or blonde. The dye made it easy. The truth was that they all had a common secret. A shared danger.
They were Doombringers all.
 
—-
 
There were four of them. They sat around a table. With no snacks or drinks. Snacks and drinks left odors. And these Gnolls didn’t want to leave any trace they’d been there.
Not that this wasn’t a semi-regular meeting. But they were disparate, the four. Some had friendships that were known, but all four being connected was too coincidental. If one was uncovered, the rest were safe.
So when they met like this, they sat with disguises on, scents gone. And they used different names.
“Coinpurse and Spellcaster are here at last. What took you?”
“Coinpurse had to get ready. Meeting with their boss.”
“Oh. Did you bring me any steak?”
“Shut up, Wanderer. Why did you call us? Or was it you, Shadows?”
“Not me.”
A pause. Coinpurse—Alrric—looked between the other two Gnolls. One had a mask on and the other’s face was blurred. He coughed.
“Er…which one’s Wanderer?”
The one with the mask waved a paw. Coinpurse nodded.
