7.33 I
Page 3
So the Gnolls were used to the climb and those of a certain rank tended to walk together and talk as they climbed. Alrric saw the other fellow Gnolls—mostly [Consultants], [Secretaries], or [Accountants] in bureaucratic classes like his—glancing at him. They were all well-dressed. Few as well as he was; the Gnoll was wearing a custom-tailored suit, his fur was a matte chestnut; oiling one’s fur was a bit too sycophantic and it made things sticky, but extremely well-combed.
Unlike Gnoll [Miners], these Gnolls were sharp. Also—ridiculed, but not to their faces. They were the image of City Gnolls, those who worked paw-in-claw with Drakes. Traitors? Pets? Again, no one said it to their faces.
“Well, Alrric? Don’t just grin, spit it out, yes?”
One of the [Secretaries] growled. He adjusted his clothing uncomfortably; dress codes for those in the employ of Drakes were more stifling than among other Gnolls. Alrric just smiled.
“Fissival’s magical teleportation network has issues. But not as many as were reported. I noticed the discrepancy and alerted Ilvriss. That’s all.”
The other Gnolls snorted or growled.
“And you didn’t alert anyone yourself? You could have taken credit, Alrric.”
“I doubt the city would be making such a big fuss if I did, Zeshi. No, let Ilvriss take the credit. I’ll enjoy his gratitude. Which isn’t just empty words.”
The [Administrator] rubbed two furry fingers together and the others nodded. It was a universal gesture. He saw the others glancing at him enviously, admiringly—or with a difference of opinion. Not everyone liked that sentiment. But they began breaking off.
“I wish I had your job, Alrric. You’ve got a Wall Lord, a rank second to none—don’t mind the whispers.”
Zeshi, the [Consultant], saw the others leaving for lower points on other towers, crossing the zig-zagging bridges. Even this was un-Gnoll-like. They were not a species used to heights from the times of their primitive ancestry, like Drakes or Humans. Only a few walked higher, where their careers had taken them.
“I’ve been lucky, Zeshi.”
The Gnoll [Administrator] was modest. Zeshi glanced at him again.
“More than that. I don’t know how you have the time to comb your fur and look like…”
She gestured.
“I can’t get my fur to lie down. How do you manage it? Some cream, an alchemical thing?”
“Not at all. My wife and daughter help me each morning. You’ve met them, haven’t you?”
“Yes. Ah, that would do it. Well, here is my stop. If you need a good [Consultant]—I don’t think Wall Lord Helliten wants me around much longer.”
“Send me a note if you can’t find work within the week.”
The two Gnolls exchanged a cordial farewell as most began walking towards their floors. The little promise made Zeshi relax noticeably. It was a common thing, among the Gnolls in higher employment. They looked out for each other. You had to.
Alone now, Alrric summited the last flight of stairs. It kept him in good shape. When he reached the office—he was alone.
Not alone, alone. The Drake [Secretary], a young man, Josial, greeted Alrric with everything in order. And there were other employees. Five more Drakes, two Gnolls. But in this place, Alrric was the boss. He didn’t fraternize. He ran a tight ship. Desk. Whatever.
There was just one thing, though, that Zeshi had gotten wrong. Alrric was the most important Gnoll in terms of the Wall Lord’s companies, only matched by his counterpart under Wall Lord Tasilt, another ‘progressive’. But he wasn’t all-powerful. He was…second-to-one.
