7.33 I
Page 6
He went back to his paperwork. He was just about to head downstairs to meet with a [Chief Miner] when he noticed a smell in the air.
Blood. Alrric frowned. He sniffed himself. Then he looked up.
Shriekblade was holding onto the ceiling above his desk. The Gnoll leapt backwards with an oath and nearly hit the glass windows. The Drake stared down at him, like some gigantic, demented gecko.
“You were looking for me.”
She landed on his desk, as light as a cat. She stared at Alrric. The Gnoll looked for his bell.
“I was. Adventurer Shriekblade, Captain Shieldscale was looking for you—”
He reached for the bell. The female Drake twitched and he stopped.
Shriekblade, the Named Adventurer did not have a name. Or rather, she had a name. Tessa. It was just that she and everyone else preferred not to use it.
Her nickname was more appropriate anyways. Alrric had met Akral the Adamantium. He’d even shared drinks a few times, Gnoll-to-Gnoll. Akral was an adventurer through and through; his armor was powerful, and the maul he used—also adamantium—could crush a Gargoyle’s head with a single strike, but he had few quirks.
Shriekblade was all quirk. She had long, tight-clinging black silk or some other high-quality clothing. No armor. The cloth was probably enchanted, but it didn’t cover her gray-green scales perfectly. And everywhere her scales were exposed—there were scars.
Split scales, which didn’t regrow and showed scar tissue. Sword wounds, spell damage, monster injury—and cuts. Many self-inflicted.
The female Drake was younger than Alrric. A prodigy of an adventurer, they called her. She turned her head to stare at him.
“I am going to call for my secretary.”
The Gnoll slowly reached for the bell. He put his paw on it.
“Aaah!”
She screamed at him. The Gnoll nearly jumped through the enchanted glass panes. He saw Shriekblade collapse onto the desk, laughing.
For a second. Alrric rang the bell, glaring, and Josial opened the door.
“Administrator…oh.”
“Please inform Captain Shieldscale that we’ve located Shriekblade, Josial.”
“Yes, Administrator.”
The door shut hurriedly. The Drake laughed—and then abruptly, disconcertingly, stopped. She sat on the desk, and stared at Alrric.
“Is something the matter, Adventurer Shriekblade? You are on retainer.”
The Gnoll adjusted his suit and produced his comb again, mainly to hide his nerves. Shriekblade was…unpredictable. He’d been against Ilvriss hiring her, but she was a good mercenary. If you wanted to kill something, Shriekblade would do it. Everything else though—no. She had a terrible record of failure and success.
And she had been imprisoned twice for murder. Both times had been counted as self-defense, but…Alrric felt his fur standing up despite the comb’s best efforts.
“I know. I was supposed to go. But I don’t feel good.”
The Drake sat there. She shuddered. It was a full-body motion. Alrric eyed her.
“…Your potions have worn off, Shriekblade?”
“I want to visit the Healer again. But I’m out of money.”
The Drake whispered. One second she was laughing, mocking his fear of her, the next, she looked tired. Drawn.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss has provided you with several high-quality calming tonics. I have some here.”
Just in case. Alrric slowly went to a cupboard and produced a vial. Shriekblade stared at it.
“It doesn’t help. Not enough. I want the Healer. She makes me feel better. For a month. Then it’s worse.”
