7.33 I
Page 30
But that was the role of a second-in-command. Alrric sat at the table as they discussed plans.
“You know, she didn’t look abused. That child—Mr—”
The others shushed him. The Gnoll went on after a moment.
“She could be happy.”
“She might be. Right up until some bastard kills her.”
Spellcaster folded his paws. His eyes flashed with magic and fury. Shadows nodded.
“Even if it’s all City Gnolls in Liscor—it’s not them she has to worry about, Al—Coinpurse. You remember. It’s the Tribes. The Meeting of Tribes is coming soon. Even Liscor will send some representatives. What do you think they’ll do? The Plain’s Eyes tribe would send a hunting group. And that’s just them.”
“…Yes they would.”
“Bring her here, Wanderer. She can be safe.”
That was all they said. The Gnolls stood up. One of them blew out the candle, and they left in silence. Splitting up.
That night, Alrric shared the details with Ximenes—hoping Sidinel was asleep. He had a restless night, but the next day he woke up and went to work.
 
—-
 
Again. The Gnoll had secrets. He kept secrets. He did his job. Sometimes it was shooing off a drunk, depressed Named Adventurer off his desk. Or refusing to answer [Gossips] on whether Ilvriss was really engaged to a [Princess] of the House of Minos.
That was Alrric’s life. Three days later, he sat back at his desk and poked the scrying orb. After a moment, he grunted in satisfaction. The little image of the Drake waved excitedly at the audience.
“Good. They replaced those two idiots.”
Alrric turned the volume up. Then he went back to work.
 
 
 
After Chapter Thoughts: Short chapter! Well, it was two thousand words more than I planned. But that’s okay. It’s still short-er.
The poll for this month was themed ‘second-in-command’, if you didn’t know. And it was always going to be a story like this. Alrric won, so we advanced his plotline. I may or may not do the others at some point.
I hope you were satisfied with the consequences of your actions! For now, I’ll leave you with this art! Thanks for reading and see you next chapter! Do—do you think 18,000 words is too short? I know, it just flew by…
Thanks for reading!
 
Ceria Springwalker by PartyOfPotatoes!
 
 
Stitchworks by AuspiciousOctopi!
 
 

