7.33 I
Page 9
“By being tactful. Listen. Those two won’t be fired. But their contracts will not be renewed. And in the meantime—they’ll be assigned to all-Drake crews. I’ll see to it their shifts don’t overlap with Gnoll crews.”
Ikrr’s fur settled down a bit. His ears also lifted and Alrric would have ventured a guess that his tail was doing the same. Alrric himself showed no visible signs; it was a trick he’d learned.
“That…could work. Yes. We’d be happy with that, Administrator.”
“Good. In that case, I’ll see to it. And both Chiefs Yesh and Nisshail will receive a private reprimand. I don’t want you or the crews rubbing it in. Drop it.”
A tighter nod. Time to bring in the sweetener. Alrric reached into his bag of holding and produced something.
“Now, this is for your crew, and all the crews who’ve lodged this joint complaint. [Earmarked Funds – Recompensation].”
He drew from something. The bag of holding was just for show. But if Alrric had reached for empty air, he still would have produced the fat, gold coins. They did not come from nowhere, of course. But they were his to play with.
“What’s that?”
Ikrr jerked at the small pile of gold. Alrric sat back.
“A monetary Skill. Haven’t you ever seen one? Take this gold and buy all the crews a night out in the city. A big one.”
“But that’s—that’s—”
It was a lot of gold. Ilvriss paid well, and a [Chief Miner] earned a lot, but Ikrr stared at the pile of gold coins. Alrric glanced at him.
“It’s project-dependent, Ikrr. Unable to be spent unless it’s used in certain ways. I generate it with enough profits by the company itself. I can’t increase your pay with it. A night on the town.”
“Of—of course, Administrator.”
Alrric nodded, smiling tightly. He had no doubt that Ikrr, well-meaning as he might be, would have been tempted to just spread around the wealth rather than use it on a night on the town, and kept a percentage himself.
“Tell the crews that the matter’s settled. Remember—not another word.”
“Thank you, Administrator.”
The Gnoll relaxed. And when he stood and Alrric grasped his paw, he looked more respectful. When he was gone, the money hidden in his belt pouch, Alrric sighed.
“What a mess. Those Drake idiots.”
Most of his job had been to listen to the Chief Miner vent his understandable fury. Alrric himself wouldn’t have hesitated to fire the two Drakes for his part, but it would breed resentment. So he waited a beat to calm down, and then opened the door to the smaller office.
“Get me Coordinator Calrida please.”
 
—-
 
[Coordinator] was a rank below [Administrator]. In theory, Alrric could have left the entire job to Calrida, his subordinate. But he wanted his face and thus authority known at the ground level, rather than being the top-floor’s faceless orders. No one respected that.
Besides which—Calrida was a Drake. So Alrric called for her. Because she was a Drake.
Wall Lord Ilvriss was a Drake. But he’d hired Alrric, a Gnoll, to manage his company. A lot of Drakes didn’t like that. Of course, the Gnolls did which was why they worked hard for the company and preferred Ilvriss’ employment over more lucrative offers when the job market was bullish.
But Drakes didn’t like reporting to a Gnoll. Some, like Josial, didn’t mind, but there were a lot for whom Alrric was intolerable. And you couldn’t fire all of them and replace them with Gnolls.
…Well, Alrric had considered it, but Ilvriss would object. So he’d done what Ikrr wouldn’t have thought of, and what you needed to succeed in running a company like this. He’d compromised.
