7.33 I
Page 25
The [Administrator] winked and gave Josial the rest of the day off. Josial got to play the spying secretary, much to his delight. Alrric was sure more than one Wall Lord and Lady would follow Ilvriss’ lead, which was what the Wall Lord wanted. But why Liscor? Well, he must just like the place.
Or he wanted it as a bulwark against the Antinium. And Alrric couldn’t fault him for that. The Gnoll went back to his desk. And he began to prepare for a very fraught dinner. He pulled out the vial of fur dye and reapplied it. But that was a mistake.
He should have talked to his daughter instead.
 
—-
 
Wall Lord Ilvriss’ estates were as rich as rumored. Alrric had been there a few times, but it bore reminding: of all the Walled Cities, Salazsar was the richest by far. And so the Children of the Walls were among the richest individuals in the world.
And Drakes decided that if you had it, you didn’t just flaunt it, you rubbed other people’s faces in it. Compared to Alrric’s comfortable, somewhat plush home—well—those were actual artifacts on the walls.
“The rug’s from Chandrar. It’s hand-woven. Probably tens of thousands of threads. Stop picking at it, Sidinel!”
Alrric hissed at his daughter. He should have addressed her. How quickly they grew. His bright, loving daughter was in her rebellious phase. It felt like yesterday when she was still running about on all fours.
Now—her gaze was a bit too defiant as she sat at the table, chewing on a spicy cut of Giant Salamander steak. Alrric’s wife, Ximenes Kerrfa, was the most relaxed of the three. But she had less to hide. She was drinking the fine wine Ilvriss had provided. Ironically, she was doing it quite classily, but by instinct; Gnolls loved the smell of the bouquet and they could actually appreciate it.
“Relax, Alrric. Have some of the seafood. It’s so good. Pass the crab.”
He did so; his plate of couscous and almost raw beef of the Holden Cow—extremely expensive, delicious—was barely touched.
He was nervous. Sidinel was glowering.
“Is this plate porcelain?”
“Yes it is. Stop tapping it on the table, young lady.”
The young Gnoll opened her mouth to say something uppity when there was a sound. Wall Lord Ilvriss came striding back to the table, looking vaguely annoyed. But he smiled as he returned to his place around the intimate setting.
“Apologies, Alrric, Miss Kerrfa, Miss Sidinel. I was dealing with a problem among the staff. Adventurer Shriekblade.”
He glanced at Alrric. The Gnoll grimaced and rolled his eyes. Ximenes waved it off, laughing. Sidinel just looked at Ilvriss.
She didn’t like him. Alrric hadn’t been expecting that, but perhaps he should have. He’d complained about work enough and hadn’t he had to work overtime or deal with disasters? And Sidinel was…young.
“Wall Lord. You were telling us that my father’s ring should be upgraded to be more protective. Can’t you give him an artifact that covers all attacks? Or is that too expensive?”
Alrric tried to edge over to kick his daughter. At least she used his title. Ilvriss didn’t seem to take offense. He smiled, politely.
“As a matter of fact, Miss Sidinel—money isn’t the object. Accessibility is. Most rings are situational. I, for example, have one that protects me against physical harm if I twist it. Here.”
He showed them a large purple gemstone in his ring. Alrric eyed it.
“Shadowgloom Gem?”
“Violet Dusker. And it is quite powerful, Miss Sidinel. But specific. Even activated, it won’t protect me from magic in combat. Enchantments are difficult to make all-encompassing.”
