7.33 I
Page 10
Calrida was the only Drake willing to work directly under Alrric. A female Drake willing to be his liaison to troublesome Drakes. Alrric outlined the situation.
“Ikrr’s taken care of. I want these two Chief Miners on alternate shifts, working with Drake teams.”
“That will take some doing, boss.”
“Then do it. I don’t care if it messes with their schedules. They’re not coming back.”
The Gnoll experienced a bit of vicarious joy at that; Ilvriss’ company was a good one. Calrida sighed.
“I’ll do it today. Any chance of something to sweeten their moods?”
“…I can walk behind the stables and dig something up.”
She sighed again. But Alrric paid her to deal with this kind of thing and paid her well, so she nodded and left. Alrric waited there a beat.
This wasn’t an uncommon job of his. But Ikrr had rankled him a bit with that jab about showing his background to the other Gnolls.
“I haven’t been in the shafts for a while. Hrr.”
The Gnoll drummed his fingers on the desk. He came to a quick decision. Tomorrow. Until then, he had to deal with hiring the [Miners]. He rose, and checked himself. Then his eyes narrowed. His pulse raced.
“Close.”
When had that happened? The Gnoll caught something in the hand-mirror he produced. Ikrr hadn’t noticed, nor Calrida. At least, they hadn’t shown it. Sweating, Alrric reached for a vial in his bag of holding. One quick application and—he waited a bit for it to dry. Then, satisfied, he left the office.
He had to be very careful. Slip ups like that could cost him…everything.
 
—-
 
“Miners. Thank you for coming after a hard day of work.”
Later, Alrric addressed a crowd. Mostly split between Drakes and Gnolls—which was rare for a company in Salazar. In terms of gender, far more male than female—a 2-1 ratio. And age?
…Closer to thirties, with variations older or younger, but few as old as forty. Each one was tired, having come off a long mining shift. They had breaks of course, but they would trek into the mines that stretched into Salazsar’s mountain and exploit a seam, working on a shaft for hours in turns.
It was hot work. Dangerous work. Alrric knew from experience that cave-ins, magical gemstones with unpredictable effects, monster nests, as well as any number of other concerns plagued the crews of [Miners].
However, the rewards were valuable gems, ore, and any number of other materials from Salazsar’s mountain. It was unique in that it didn’t run out of goods for the [Miners] to find. Allegedly, some extremely high-level [Geomancer] had cast a spell which had concentrated the wealth of millennia into the mountain when the Walled City had been made. A grand ritual which would ensure prosperity for generations to come.
Well, another generation now stood in one of the ready-rooms for the mining crews. Usually it was reserved for an adventurer team, ready to go address a monster attack, or [Healers], or the various other classes that enabled mining.
Alrric had reserved it for 5th shift as they trudged back upwards, towards the main areas of the Walled City. He knew they were sweaty, tired, and wanted nothing more than to rest, not endure a lecture from ‘the bosses’. So the first thing he did was open a box.
“I’m aware I’m cutting into your time. Rest assured—this is marked as working hours. And this is a compliment. Take one, please.”
He went around the group of twenty or so and the [Miners] blinked. Expensive puffers, the very same that had nearly been purloined by the [Cargomaster], were sitting in the case Alrric was passing around.
