7.33 I
Page 26
Ilvriss corrected him. Sidinel looked at him. And to Alrric’s amazement, she tilted her head and nodded.
“I know. Physical enchantments are hardest because altering the spell to differentiate between any contact and harm is so situational. An arrow can be blocked by a simple spell, but that relies on calculating velocity and blocking anything over a certain speed. But then I could just slowly poke you with a dagger until you died. I know high-grade enchantments are hard, but what’s hard about making a ring that blocks everything?”
The Wall Lord blinked at Sidinel. Alrric swelled with pride even as he kicked his daughter and whispered ‘be polite!’.
“That’s very astute, Miss Sidinel. And you’re right. Full-protection enchantments do exist. But creating a ward that can block everything is so difficult and requires so much power that they’re simply rare, even as artifacts. You’re thinking of a Ring of Protection. We might have…one in our vaults, but even I don’t carry it for the danger of theft or loss.”
“So my father doesn’t warrant one? That’s all I wanted to know.”
Alrric’s wife spoke up before he did.
“Sidinel! I’m sorry, Ilvriss. She was worried over the Stone Starers incident.”
Ilvriss nodded, glancing at Sidinel with curiosity. He smiled apologetically at Ximenes.
“Alrric was courageous, Miss Ximenes. I assure you, we’ll upgrade his equipment.”
“I have an anti-cut ring, and an anti-spell ring. If it had been Crelers, I’d have run for it. Don’t worry, Ximenes. Ilvriss has me kitted out.”
Alrric assured his wife. The Gnoll woman nodded. And silence resumed.
But only for a moment. Ilvriss was a consummate host, and he filled the void at once.
“You’re quite knowledgeable about artifacts, Sidinel. May I ask where you were taught?”
The Gnoll teen glanced up as her parents imperceptibly froze.
“I like reading. I’m still in education.”
Salazsar offered more education via [Tutors] and [Teachers] than a lot of cities—to create the corporate bureaucracy. Sidinel was top of her class as Alrric explained. Ilvriss nodded with the polite respect of a non-parent. Then he made his first faux pas, completely by mistake.
“Sidinel is quite a striking name. It has more similarities to a Drake name than a Gnoll one.”
He must not have had many Gnoll guests. Alrric felt his smile growing pained.
“No. It isn’t. Ximenes was raised in Salazsar. A City Gnoll. We named Sidinel to match.”
Ilvriss twisted a ring on his claw.
“I see. How interesting.”
“It’s important that Sidinel’s name not be Gnollish, Wall Lord.”
Ximenes nodded to Sidinel, who’d folded her arms. Ilvriss looked blank.
“It is?”
“For her future, it is.”
The Gnoll woman met the Wall Lord’s eyes. His gaze flickered.
“I see. Ah—forgive me. I’ve been quite indiscreet. I beg your pardon.”
“At least you’re saying it. I should have a Drake-sounding name so I get hired if I become a [Secretary] or something.”
Sidinel cut up her steak. Alrric blew out his cheeks.
“I am so sorry, Ilvriss—”
“Not at all, Alrric. Tell me, Sidinel. You don’t seem to be interested in pursuing your father’s career. Or am I wrong?”
Ilvriss turned to Sidinel. She shot him a glance and Alrric closed his eyes. Sidinel was about to unload maximum snark, which was fine at their dinner table.
“I don’t see why. I’ll never rise to the top, so what’s the point?”
“Sidinel!”
Ximenes hissed at her wayward daughter. Ilvriss just raised a brow.
“Sometime later, Sidinel, when you are older, you may find work in the same company your father manages. He would be your superior. Everyone’s superior. Drake, Gnoll…”
