7.33 I
Page 1
“They’re going to Oteslia, Pallass, and Zeres. Some big project. Not food. But Salazsar’s willing to send it on its way.”
That was trade for you. Salazsar was further west so Fissival was expediting the shipment. The [Cargomaster] waved his claw.
“Okay, bring in those lazy scale-sacks and furbags and get this cleaned up.”
The helper went trotting and after some shouting, there came the laborers. They knew the job; they loaded the pumpkins into crates and had them rolling out of the teleportation room in short order on wheeled transports. The [Cargomaster] paid no attention to that.
More transfers were coming.
“Bulk transfer two. Ink…Ancestors!”
A break in a crate as it was teleported. The spell must have smashed the crate by giving it some kind of momentum. Black ink ran across the ground.
“Get the [Cleaners] in here!”
The [Cargomaster] cursed at his helper and the workers. What a setback! It was thirty minutes before the floor was cleaned.
However, if those two minor incidents were bad, the other four teleports went flawlessly. No dropped items, nothing cut in half or lost. The [Cargomaster] sighed with relief; some days were bad where you worked overtime for hours if something went wrong.
The teleport spell could overheat something until it was practically explosive, or impart physics to the things teleported in dangerous ways. Which was why he and his assistant waited for the teleport behind an enchanted glass barrier. At least they didn’t teleport animals anymore. He’d heard stories…from his superiors.
But now he was the boss. And there were perks to the job.
For instance, he now had half a pumpkin. Which er…wasn’t that great. And if he’d wanted to, he could have saved some of the ink. However, the real find came with the last shipment.
A flash. A hum. The assistant braced, but everything was fine. This was the smallest batch, but the most expensive. The [Cargomaster] stepped around the protective barrier and eyed the neat stacks of small, lacquered boxes. They had an odor about them, but not an unpleasant one. He nodded.
“Bulk transfer complete. Eighteen hundred boxes of puffers from Titem’s port city. Whoops—seventeen hundred. Must be a glitch in the system. Again.”
The Drake bent down and selected a line of boxes to put aside. His assistant looked excited and nervous.
“A hundred, [Cargomaster]?”
“With the way the teleportation grid’s been going, we’re lucky we didn’t lose the rest. Hurry up and put them over there, you idiot.”
The two Drakes grabbed at the boxes before they summoned the transporters. They were hurrying over to a little cache near the office when someone coughed.
The sound was loud and it didn’t come from them. There was a murmur—and two Drakes appeared. The [Cargomaster] and his assistant froze.
“And there you have it, Tasilt. Alrric was right on the money.”
The first Drake was tall, distinguished. He carried a sword, enchanted armor, and he turned to his companion. The other Drake was less sharp; a family man and drinker. Nevertheless, Tasilt also looked quite good. The two were Wall Lords. And the suddenly pale [Cargomaster] stared in horror as Tasilt cricked his back.
“Did we have to wait the entire time, Ilvriss? I’m stiff!”
“We had to see the entire thing. It’s a pity, really. [Cargomaster] Dukss?”
“Wall Lord Ilvriss! I can explain. I—”
The Drake extended a sword. The [Cargomaster] froze as the enchanted blade aimed at his chest. The Wall Lord smiled as Tasilt waved an axe at the trembling apprentice.
“You are under arrest for charges of theft and corruption, Cargomaster. Don’t resist.”
