7.33 I
Page 17
Things returned to a normal rhythm after that. Alrric did his work, which involved sourcing weapons for Ilvriss’ forces—he wanted all-enchanted weapons, a pain to find enough, even if you could afford it—and a buyer for the Adamantium.
Of course, negotiations would take far longer, but Wistram wanted it, Deríthal-Vel expressed an interest, and so did Roshal…Alrric politely moved their offer to the bottom of the pile. Unless they really outbid the others. For some reason, Pallass wasn’t jumping at having their Dwarf work the stuff.
Why was Esthelm making a bid? Alrric had actually had to look up the tiny city. Magnolia Reinhart and two Human [Lords] made a bid. House El—he shuffled them below Roshal.
Politics.
When Alrric went home that day, he told his wife about the incident and received a scolding. His daughter criticized him too, which was…unpleasant.
“Don’t take risks, Alrric!”
“Yeah, Dad. Don’t be stupid.”
“I have to. The [Miners] don’t respect someone who can’t swing a pickaxe.”
“If Wall Lord Ilvriss doesn’t do it, why do you have to?”
“When did you start talking back so much, young lady?”
He frowned at her as he speared a slice of meat with thick gravy. His daughter sniffed. She was getting too big, too fast. He sighed and his wife nudged him. She was at the age where she should be apprenticing, or taking a corporate class. But he didn’t want her to go into mining…
Besides. She was special. In more ways than one. He wanted something else for her. In some ways, Alrric was a typical concerned father, looking out for his offspring. It was a surprisingly universal thing—although it manifested in different ways.
 
—-
 
“The company is making excellent profits, Wall Lord Zail. Better since your son’s return.”
“It had better. My son’s placed trust in you.”
By ‘you’, he meant ‘your kind’, as in, ‘Gnolls’. And Wall Lord Zail’s glare made it clear that he felt Ilvriss had been overly generous.
Talk about concerned parents. The next day, Alrric was dealing with unexpected guests. It was another of his unusual duties. He sighed.
“Wall Lord Zail, how can I help you?”
“I…I wanted to inspect the company. It’s my family’s holdings.”
The Drake’s grip trembled on his cane. He’d snuck out of his quarters without his minders. Alrric was impressed he’d made it here. Of course, the Gnoll had already alerted the elderly Wall Lord’s minders. As always—Alrric couldn’t help but glance at the indentation on Wall Lord Zail’s head.
“I think your son would prefer your company, Wall Lord. Ah. I see he’s sent someone for you. Why don’t you check on the new task force?”
“Task force? What task force? Ilvriss didn’t say it was underway!”
Alrric winced as two Drakes came to escort Zail back. He immediately began ordering them to show him this new army in progress. But at least he was out of Alrric’s fur.
Something had happened recently. So big it completely overshadowed the Adamantium discovery, at least, for other people. The [Miners] were all abuzz over the discovery, and Alrric had already refused offers to sell the rights to the seam from three other companies. But to his displeasure, his wife had thought it small-potatoes.
“Alrric! I know it’s a big discovery, but did you see the riots on the scrying orb?”
“In Invrisil. We found Adamantium. Dear—”
“Don’t be a Drake, Alrric. Just look.”
