7.33 I
Page 14
“You’re determined to make an impression, aren’t you, Alrric?”
“I am indeed, Ilvriss. It’s a matter of respect. Among Gnolls and Drakes.”
“Hm. Well, I’ll stay out of the way.”
It was odd for Ilvriss to ever say that. But this wasn’t his field. The Wall Lord, who was an accomplished swordfighter, scholar, buisnessDrake, leader, and all those other things—wasn’t a [Miner].
And Alrric was. The lower floors got the news about the descent of the bosses and were in a flurry to turn out. Gnolls and Drakes began to follow the march downstairs. The other towers and companies noticed the movement and entered a flurry of their own.
There was energy here. Alrric lead the way with Ilvriss. The others knew what was coming and were getting their crews in order. Of course, this was a surprise inspection of the company’s capabilities as well as…
“Wall Lord descending! Get the crews ready! Adventurer teams on standby!”
By the time they reached the Gemscale family’s shafts with the new seam ready to be exploited, there were fresh mining crews lined up. Alrric had donned protective gear; the expensive stuff like helmets designed to stop your head from imploding no matter what was dropped on it. That was a nod to his status. But he carried a pick, shovel, and his bag of holding as he walked past the crews.
“Listen up, you stone-lizards and dust-dogs! You’ve had an easy week so far, but I want all your effort today! It’s time to mine.”
Alrric bellowed at the startled crews of [Miners]. It was the same pithy language as a [Chief Miner] would use. Ilvriss stood back. The Wall Lord waited for Alrric to take his place. Then he raised a hand. His eyes glinted.
“[Productivity Spike]! All crews, to work!”
The [Miners] straightened. Alrric felt the nervous energy rush through him. He strode forwards, and a flood of personnel followed.
[Productivity Spike]. A Skill for an economic-focused [Lord]. It was one of those beautiful corporate Skills, like Alrric’s own [Earmarked Funds], for instance. It relied on organization. It took the best day the company had and ensured another day of the same level of quality. On a poor company, it was a poor Skill. But this one?
“Clear the way! Administrator coming through!”
Alrric ignored the shouting. He took his place at the ‘front’ of the mine, which was all stone. He lifted the pick and swung it into the wall. He saw stone shear away as if his enchanted pickaxe were running through butter.
“Dead Gods, Administrator! What kind of pickaxe is that and when do we get one?”
A [Miner] stared as the Gnoll calmly inspected the detritus, decided it wasn’t useful, and took another swing. He glanced at her as he set to work.
“Same as the [Chief Miners] get. This is all Skill. Try to keep up.”
He heard laughter. And the Gnoll grinned too. But then he was in motion.
Mining wasn’t a one-man, or one-Gnoll task. Not at the level Salazsar operated at. [Miners], including Alrric, widened shafts, hunting down gems or ore with Skill, intuition, or just dogged determination. Other members of the crew scrambled to remove the useless debris. Anything good went into bags of holding to be processed. More set up supports, checked existing work.
In a year, this shaft would be excavated and [Builders] and [Architects] and [Masons] would move in, to turn this into part of the city. But here, in this moment, with sweat running down his fur and dust on his suit, Alrric and the other [Miners] were moving stone with their strength and determination alone.
And oh, the stone moved.
“Administrator! I think we just hit Ancestors-damned Adamantium!”
