7.33 I
Page 20
“Salazsar has had…Gnoll Wall Lords before. It is rare, but intermarriage happens.”
“When was the last time, Ilvriss? And even if it has happened, Feldir surely must have hostility from his family. It would be easier if his sister were the inheritor.”
The Wall Lord mulled it over.
“Fair point, Alrric. Well, at least he’s not the only one under scrutiny. What do the others want from me?”
The [Administrator] raised one brow.
“Apart from knowing if you’re taking your Minotauress mistress as a wife?”
It was lucky Ilvriss hadn’t been eating or drinking anything because Alrric wasn’t in the mood to hire another [Cleaner]. The Drake spluttered.
“My what?”
Alrric told him. The Wall Lord sat back, massaging his temples.
“Only Brilm. Please tell me Navine wasn’t doing anything…rash, Alrric.”
“Aside from speculation, nothing. She seemed to like the idea of you marrying a Human.”
“She would.”
Ilvriss cursed. It was public knowledge that he and Navine were rivals in more ways than one. Ilvriss was the heir and controller of the family’s power and Navine was powerful, but Zail had definitely preferred his son for inheritance. Ilvriss’ mother was on Navine’s side, though.
They were a smaller group of pro-Human, pro-peace proponents profligate in Salazsar. And a while back, Ilvriss had been profoundly disgusted by them. Navine especially.
She was in favor of peace with Humans. A radical element at odds with all that was Drake and good. A year ago, Ilvriss had been at dagger-points with his sister. Today? Ilvriss just sighed.
“Did she…have any theories?”
“None she shared with me, Ilvriss. Aside from a Human bride. You should probably be wary of her sending someone to Invrisil to find this…person and bringing them to Salazsar.”
The Gnoll watched his employer carefully. Ilvriss reacted to the suggestion with a groan and surprisingly—a laugh. He sat down, chuckling and shaking his head at the very idea.
“I’m not marrying her! Or anyone! Ancestors, that would be the last thing I need! And her? I can’t even imagine—”
He hesitated. Then he folded his arms.
“Hmf. It’d almost be worth it to see her unleashed on those two.”
Her. So it definitely was a her, and…Human? Alrric thought that was interesting. But Ilvriss dismissed the idea at once.
“Between you and me, Alrric, I gave the…person the ring because I thought she needed it. If she activated it in Invrisil, I doubt it was much use. But I assume she lived. If it had been Pallass, though…or Liscor? Well, Liscor might be too remote for the full effect. Even so.”
Alrric didn’t know what the rings did, but he was aware they had powers beyond just sending an alarm.
“I assume it would cause an incident?”
“Possibly a massive one. Better than letting her die. And besides—it is Pallass. No great loss if she turns the city on its head. But she’s not a bride-to-be. Does no one recall that giving someone the ring is a mark of respect as well as nuptials? ”
The Wall Lord shook his head. He sat there, for a second. And Alrric saw him sigh.
“What a waste of energy and time, Alrric. We have more important things to do. More important foes…”
The Antinium. The Wall Lord had always hated them. But his time in Liscor seemed to have turned that hate into an obsession. He looked tired. Alrric paused.
“Navine won’t get help from me, Ilvriss.”
“Thank you. It doesn’t matter. Navine’s no match for sheer insanity.”
That curious statement wasn’t followed by an explanation. Ilvriss sat up after a moment. The [Administrator] knew he was being watched, but he pretended to be working.
