7.33 I
Page 0

In antiquity, the Walled Cities south of the High Passes had been constructed as a network. Not alone. Well, antiquity was a relative term.
If you looked, you could clearly find a time when the High Passes weren’t so…high. When Harpies were an indigenous race. When there were more than six Walled Cities.
But that was before Rhir had been taken and lost and taken and lost and…and certainly before the Demons and the Blighted Kingdom.
Long ago, Fissival’s teleportation network had reached every Walled City. It was based on the idea of the cities being besieged, sometimes for years. But if Oteslia grew crops and Fissival managed the magical network and Pallass supplied them and so on and so forth—you’d have linked Walled Cities who could instantly reinforce and resupply each other.
To destroy one, you’d need to have a force capable of taking on multiple armies from each Walled City—or besiege all of them at once. And good luck with that.
But Fissival’s magical teleportation network did not last. To [Historians], [Students], or just the interested, the downfall wasn’t some great event. It was just Fissival quarreling with other cities, refusing to perform maintenance regularly when the political winds shifted—until the networks broke down beyond repair.
First in Pallass, then Zeres, Manus, Oteslia…until Salazsar and closer city-states were the only ones with access to the much more limited teleportation network, which had developed flaws and errors.
There was some kind of lesson in that. But it was still history. And Fissival still did teleport stuff around. Erin Solstice’s magical door was, in fact, of little interest to Drakes compared to Humans. They’d long held what was new to her.
So—the routine was standard. The [Cargomaster] and a single worker prepared the teleportation nexus. The magical inlays in the floor, maintained by Fissival’s [Mages], had to be perfectly clean. Anything in the way might suffer…entanglement.
Now, a message via magical lodestone; cheaper than [Messages]. A five minute wait—the two Drakes relaxed. There were empty crates waiting for the packaged goods to be loaded into; when teleported they were spared packaging if possible to reduce the mana cost.
“Bulk transfer one commencing, [Cargomaster].”
The younger Drake called out. The [Cargomaster] nodded. The [Laborers], [Porters], and so on weren’t needed. He had a cushy job, overseeing the teleportation so he didn’t hurry as he waved a claw.
“Transfer one. Produce. Let’s see—”
A flash. A hum, so deep that it ran through stone and the enclosed building. The younger Drake set his teeth against the sound, and his white-blue scaled body tensed. The [Cargomaster] was used to the sound, though, and barely noticed.
“Let’s see. Pumpkins? Bah. Hm. Looks like two thousand pounds alright. We’ll compare weights.”
He noted the shipment. Pumpkins. Well, people ate them and all kinds of produce that weren’t sourced locally got shipped here. These days bulk-goods were shipped via the network. Anything expensive or living didn’t get sent. Mainly because…of the leakage.
“We might have lost some pumpkins, [Cargomaster].”
The worker anxiously pointed to a pile. It was inconceivable that Fissival’s side would have stacked the goods carelessly. But the produce had slid over; only half of a pumpkin had appeared.
“Teleportation loss. Make a note of the location and amount.”
The [Cargomaster] sighed. But this was normal. He made another note.
“Why pumpkins? [Cargomaster]?”
