7.33 I
Page 18
He was still grumpy about that argument. So what about that stupid scrying orb everyone was obsessed with? Salazsar had gone through upheaval as well over the Golden Triangle incident; he’d had to issue pay in advance for several good [Miners] who’d spent unwisely. Alrric hadn’t; he didn’t trust that kind of thing.
But the fallout led to more visits. For one—Wall Lady Navine.
She was Ilvriss’ sister and his match in many ways—his opposite in many more. She strode into Alrric’s office.
“Administrator Alrric. I have to ask about the ring.”
“Wall Lady Navine. What ring?”
The female Drake gave Alrric a look that told him she didn’t buy his blank tone and expression for a second.
“You know what I’m talking about. You have Ilvriss’ confidence, Alrric. No games.”
Alrric sighed. He put his paws together as he sat at the desk. It was Ilvriss’ go-to and he knew Navine hated it.
“I’m employed by Ilvriss, Wall Lady. But that’s as far as it goes. What he does with his personal affairs is not my business.”
She glowered at him.
“In case you didn’t know, Administrator, one of our rings broadcast an emergency signal. It was Ilvriss’ ring, so all of his family were alerted. As well as the Holders of the Wall.”
She meant the heads of each family. Alrric sat up a bit. One of the rings had activated? They were the birthright of each Lord and Lady of the Walls.
Alrric didn’t know what the rings did. And he said so.
“I fail to see the importance, Wall Lady.”
“The importance is that we know where the ring activated! And if someone activated it, they were in danger, Alrric! Salazsar nearly sent a force out—but it turned out the ring had activated in Invrisil! Ilvriss’ ring!”
“I see.”
That was odd. Alrric wanted to know what it meant as much as Navine. Well—perhaps not as much as her. Her eyes were shining and her purple scales moved as she stalked back and forth.
“Who did Ilvriss give his ring to, Alrric? He had to have hinted to you.”
Alrric closed his mouth. He had a few hints, but Navine was not his boss. The Drake mused.
“It has to be a non-Drake. Or he wouldn’t hide it. A…a Gnoll? Or a Human?”
“One can’t believe Wall Lord Ilvriss would do such a thing, especially given his views.”
Ilvriss was—had been—staunchly pro-Drake. Navine frowned.
“And he had Periss! I can’t believe he would have gone to someone else so soon. Before he even came back here? But why else would that happen? I thought it was in Liscor, but Invrisil?”
“Wall Lady, I have work…”
“It can’t be a Human, right? I hear there’s a Drake in Invrisil. Some…[Actor]? That has to be it. Wait, Celum’s not far and they’re called the ‘Players of Celum’…”
Alrric itched to throw Navine out of his office, through the door or the window. She’d survive; she had enough protective gear. But she was a member of the family. He drummed his paws on the desk.
“Wall Lady. I’m not one to question Ilvriss’ decisions. But he must surely have his reasons. Say it was a…Human he gave his ring to. What then?”
She looked up sharply. The Drake blinked, and then grinned. Not without malice.
“If it was a Human? He should marry her. In fact, I should insist on it. Alrric, do you have any clues? I’d be willing to compensate you.”
Handsomely. The Gnoll thought about it for only a moment. But he didn’t have anything and loyalty was rewarded. He ushered Navine out. And then he told Josial to inform Ilvriss.
Before the Wall Lord arrived, another Wall Lord came in to talk about the issue.
Brilm was less respectful than Navine. But he was still a Wall Lord. He glared as Alrric addressed him by name.
“Can I help you, Brilm?”
