7.33 I
Page 2
The Drake thought about running. He thought about prison, penal sentences—which meant forced mining. He would lose everything. So he thought about running. But he was pretty sure he’d be stabbed through the back before he got halfway down the corridor. So he raised his claws and surrendered.
He could have been a hero or done something unpredictable. But sometimes things just went by the books.
 
—-
 
Later that day, Wall Lords Ilvriss and Tasilt were being feted as heroes of the hour for uncovering the corruption in the teleportation network. They gave modest speeches to the crowds, enjoyed the accolades of other Lords and Ladies of the Wall, accepted thanks from the Watch Commander, and were in general much the envy of their rivals and competitors.
“A neat little victory. But couldn’t you have shared it with me, Ilvriss?”
Wall Lord Brilm, more portly, jovial, was toasting Ilvriss in his tower. Ilvriss Gemscale, drinking a juice, took a gulp before replying.
“What makes you think it was a certain thing, Brilm? Tasilt and I just happened to be suspicious—”
“Don’t give me the same twaddle as in your speech, Ilvriss. You don’t ‘just’ get suspicious of our [Cargomaster]. You two had to have planned that.”
The other Drake raised his brows, looking at Ilvriss. The [Lord]’s lips quirked up.
“Well, I suppose I was tipped off. So I did Tasilt a favor. We took some invisibility potions for Tasilt—I have a ring—and waited. It wasn’t certain, but it was close.”
“How? Who told you? A conspirator? Come on, Ilvriss! I could use some popularity! Take me along next time, at least!”
The Wall Lord refused to answer, no matter how much Brilm pressed him. But it was true; this little scene had helped his already sterling reputation on multiple levels. And while he had taken credit for it, it was not his mind that had conceived of this scheme.
There was a Human saying that went ‘behind every great man is his wife’. Or something like that. There were variations, and in the Reinhart Family, it was more of a cautionary tale—better check if the wife has a poisoned dagger.
But it held true for Drakes, who had the same sentiments in large. However, Ilvriss wasn’t married. So the person behind him was a Gnoll. His name was Alrric. They weren’t married.
Look, at some point the analogy fell apart. The point was that what Ilvriss did was backed up by his second-in-command. Who saw it all and did more than people thought.
 
—-
 
Alrric Kerrfa was a Gnoll. Also, an [Administrator]. A rare class for a Gnoll, and his position as a manager of a Wall Lord’s company in Salazsar meant he was only one of two Gnolls in the entire Walled City with that kind of power.
He was quite pleased with himself, the next day. Even then, Ilvriss’ arrest of the corrupt [Cargomaster] was the talk of the city. No one mentioned Alrric, but a few people in the know gave him credit.
“So, Alrric. I don’t suppose Wall Lord Ilvriss owes anything to you?”
The question came from a female Gnoll [Consultant]. She was strolling up the steps towards the tall, shining towers of Salazsar. From the ground floors. The poorer classes lived nearest to the bottom, the [Lords] and [Ladies] in their towers.
