7.33 I
Page 13
Alrric nodded. Even for Salazsar, finding that many [Miners] or individuals with the kinds of Skills and hiring them would be a challenge. But Ilvriss was willing to comb other cities. Ilvriss nodded to him. Alrric went back to recruiting.
Secret task forces to fight the Antinium. If he were one of the tribes, even those who came to the cities to work, like Chief Miner Ikrr, Alrric would have been secretly telling his Chieftain. Although the Gnolls had no reason to like the Antinium…
He sighed later, walking back down from his tower with the remaining cases of cigars. They’d make great gifts to his fellow Gnolls he walked with on his morning ascent. Yes…that was a funny thing.
Dealing with his fellow Gnolls was never fun for Alrric. He was a City Gnoll to them. A sellout, never mind that they were here to work as well. But how annoyed it made him when they said he didn’t understand what it was like to be a [Miner]! Well—Ilvriss had acceded to his request. Tomorrow.
The funny thing was that Ikrr was wrong. Alrric had only lied to Ikrr once.
He’d been a Plains Gnoll. And that mattered, so much.
And it didn’t at the same time. Alrric checked out after nine hours of work. His mind was taxed. He was tired. He was also seriously considering upgrading office security after the Shriekblade incident.
But therein lay one difference between him and Ilvriss. The Wall Lord was still bustling about, overseeing the new private army; the company headquarters even had overnight staffers just in case he needed assistance. Because Ilvriss’ job was his life: Wall Lord of Salazsar. Sworn protector, Son of the Walls, all that.
Alrric was different. He checked out and walked down the floors. Not all the way down; he stopped at a quite lovely district—mostly Drakes—and entered his home. Then he sighed, relaxed, and took off the stuffy suit.
He saw and heard a laughing Gnoll woman coming to meet him. His daughter had been working on something with her mother. A toga-like piece of clothing, hand-dyed for an upcoming party among Gnolls. They had some on their fur. She raced out and he caught her.
Alrric laughed too. A family Gnoll sat down for a dinner with his family. He listened to stories about education, the woes of itchy dye—and he considered himself a lucky Gnoll. He knew he was happier than his employer.
 
—-
 
The next day, Alrric had a surplus of energy. He led the way up the stairs with the other Gnolls.
“How do you have this much energy, Alrric?”
“Homemade breakfasts, Zeshi. Have a cigar.”
He still had his favors to pass out. The other Gnolls sniffed at them; some didn’t even bother lighting up. They just liked the smell, so they’d chew on theirs all day. Or address their Drake counterparts with the expensive puffers in their mouths.
But Alrric was in a good mood for another reason. He’d scheduled a bit of…fun.
It happened at around 10 AM, if you were counting by someone else’s standards. For Alrric, the shadow-clock he preferred using over a fancy magic tool was close to midday. He stood up.
“Wall Lord? It’s time.”
Ilvriss was in his office. He rose, adjusting his clothing.
“Of course. Josial? Hold down the office. Summon all the [Chief Miners] and corporate ranks below them. We’re headed for the tunnels.”
The Drake [Secretary] bobbed a nervous nod. Alrric, Ilvriss, both strode down the stairs as he sent an urgent message via speaking stone.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss and Administrator Alrric are heading down!”
The Gnoll smiled. He was checking his suit; he’d taken extra care this morning to dress up. Ilvriss glanced sidelong at him.
