7.33 I
Page 23
“What do they want, Alrric?”
“Their own space. Give them permanent rights to land around Salazsar—or a floor—and you could get an entire tribe. The plains are large, but the tribes always fight over space. Too much Drake land.”
“Hm. And the Meeting of Tribes is coming up. You have…good points, Alrric. Incidentally, are you going to take a leave? I know we lose a lot of good Gnolls, like Chief Miner Ikrr…”
“Pass. I’m a City Gnoll.”
The lie was so casual these days. Ilvriss nodded distractedly and fiddled with a ring.
“Yes, yes. Well—what’s the second group I could draw from, Alrric?”
He glanced sharply at the Gnoll. The [Administrator] smiled.
“Rhir.”
The Wall Lord blinked.
“Rhir? Why in the—oh. Our detachments.”
“We send them there to fight Demons. They come back chewed on. But if you want combat-ready warriors and leaders—pull them from Rhir.”
“They’re always thought of as radicals. The ones who want to reinforce Rhir. Human-lovers. But that’s a foolish view. Dead gods, you’re right. That’s talent.”
Ilvriss stood up. He began to pace back and forth. Alrric felt pleased with himself. When Ilvriss stopped, he nodded. And his eyes were alight again.
“Thank you, Alrric. The Gnoll perspective is more useful.”
“You mean, the [Administrator]’s perspective, Wall Lord. Should I make inquiries?”
“No, I will. You’re overworked as it is. And in fact—I think I do have one piece of work for you that’s actually in your job description. I want to put some money into two new projects.”
Did he want to try smelting the Adamantium here? That was Alrric’s first thought. He leaned forwards, already ready to appraise and if necessary, veto the idea.
“Give me the summary.”
Ilvriss produced something and placed it on the desk. It was…a crystal. Fine quartz, yellowed, semi-translucent. Not the best, but not bad. Alrric blinked at it.
“Do you know what this is, Alrric?”
“One of the song-crystals? My daughter has one. She begged me to buy it for her.”
And it had been pricey. Alrric saw Ilvriss nod.
“I’m of a mind to invest in it, Alrric. This [Singer] uses crystals for her song recordings. I’m certain they come by way of Salazsar, as well as other mines.”
He wanted to invest in a Human? Alrric was so stunned he nearly didn’t reply at first.
“How, Wall Lord? Are you certain?”
“It’s good music. Also—Brilm put me onto it.”
Ilvriss tapped the crystal. He looked at Alrric.
“Offer her a complete discount. For a percentage of her sales profits. We can even manufacture by way of Fissival if we have the recordings. If she’s worried, have a signatory via Wistram confirm the deal magically. But make the offer, Alrric.”
The [Administrator]’s mind raced. It was a good idea. His daughter had told him how exciting and valuable the crystals were among her peers. His wife also wanted one—she wanted eight, actually. If they could get on the ground floor of this, not only could it be massively lucrative, he might not have to bankrupt himself. Points with his family also counted.
“I can back that without worry, Ilvriss. I’ll make an offer. But are you sure? Dealing with Terandria…”
“I’m already marrying a Minotauress. I think it’s fine, Alrric. I believe this is only the beginning of the Singer of Terandria’s career. So yes, I am investing in a Human enterprise. Brilm isn’t the only one who can do it. Or Tasilt, for that matter. Now, that’s project one. For project two…have you heard of Liscor’s development project?”
