7.33 I
Page 8
The other Gnoll folded his arms. He didn’t have combed fur. His was unkempt, dusty; he worked side-by-side with his [Miners] at need be. He barely suppressed the growl in his voice.
“Eyewitnesses from every shift who will testify, Administrator. The other two Mining Chiefs—Yesh and Nis—they’re on us hardest.”
“Gnolls.”
“They overwork us. We get less breaks, they put us in the harder areas even if we’ve excavated better tunnels the day before—and they’re always calling my [Miners] furbags. Telling them to stop shedding. As if fur gets in the way of work!”
Alrric tapped a claw on the desk.
“Ikrr…”
“And before you say anything, I have brought it up. They deny saying it to my face, but when I’m not around I hear them saying it, or muttering it and denying it. You have to do something! Fire them or get them off our shifts!”
The Gnoll slammed his paws on the desk. Alrric rose.
“Ikrr, calm yourself!”
He looked at the door, beyond which the other [Chief Miners] of their shifts or higher-rank employees were doing paperwork, relaxing, or preparing to go to work. The door was thick, but he was conscious of Gnoll hearing.
The other Gnoll sat, glaring. Alrric sat down as well.
“I can’t just fire them.”
“That’s—”
Alrric held up a paw.
“If I did, they’d have half the Drakes working with them protesting. Chief Miners Yesh and Nisshail both have contracts that end this quarter. I promise you, they won’t be renewed.”
“That’s not good enough! Drag them in and ask them whether they said those things under truth spell!”
Ikrr growled. Alrric nearly growled back.
“Even if I did, Drakes shout the same at their underlings.”
“It’s not the same.”
“I know. But if I fire them now, the other Drake [Chief Miners] will call it favoritism by species.”
“As opposed to letting them kick us around? So you’re doing nothing, is that it?”
“You’re not listening to me—”
The [Chief Miner] was on his feet.
“I came to you as a fellow Gnoll! I should have known you City Gnolls don’t listen. You think I’m the only one? We’ve had enough—”
“Sit down!”
The [Administrator] thundered. Ikrr hesitated—but he slowly sat.
Every combed hair had gone up on Alrric’s body. It was going to take copious combing. He growled, but it had produced an effect. Ikrr waited as Alrric looked at him.
“I do not take sides, Chief Miner Ikrr. And before you say anything, yes. I know what it’s like working under Drakes like that. I also believe you. You think I’ve never had those kinds of shifts?”
“You’re not a [Miner]. You’re a City Gnoll. How are we supposed to believe you have our backs?”
Alrric slapped the desk.
“City Gnoll? As opposed to what? A Plains Gnoll? What difference does it make? Listen to me, you idiot. If you’d asked the older Gnolls, they would have told you.”
He jabbed a thumb at his chest.
“I worked in the mines since I was twelve, Ikrr, and I lied about my age to get in a crew. I went from there to my desk at the top of a tower. If the ‘crews’ have something to say about me, they can say it to my face and I’ll teach them a lesson about who’s a better miner and fighter.”
He waited, tense. Angry. Ikrr eyed him. But he didn’t take the bait. Instead, he just settled deeper into the chair.
“Spoken like a Drake, sir. A Gnoll would prove it without smacking us furbags around.”
That stung. Alrric’s eyes narrowed.
“I’m not about to fire two Drakes, no matter how credible the claims are, Ikrr. There are more Drakes than not who resent how many Gnolls are employed here. My job is to prevent fights and protests.”
“By stepping on us?”
