7.33 I
Page 21
“Out of curiosity, Alrric? Why have you stuck with my organization so long? I know Gnolls change jobs often if they dislike working with a particular company. I can’t imagine I was the easiest to work with.”
“Then or now?”
The Wall Lord laughed.
“Fair enough. But I was far more…critical a while back. As I recall, when I had the old [Administrator] fired for incompetence, Tasilt pointed me to you.”
Alrric remembered that too. He’d been working for another Wall Lord and been very unhappy at being the ‘incompetent Gnoll’. Ilvriss glanced at him.
“You recall that Navine bid for you? Not just to spite me; she needed a good second-in-command. And she nearly won the bid. Why did you go with me in the end? She was far more pro-Gnoll than I was at that time.”
The Gnoll smiled.
“Funny. You don’t know, Wall Lord?”
“No.”
The Drake leaned forwards on his knees. Alrric put his papers aside.
“I recall the moment vividly. I was approached by the both of you. You two began bidding over my salary, incentives—but when it came down to it, you two were fairly matched in what you were willing to offer. In the end, there were two bids. And your sister, Wall Lady Navine, offered me 500 gold per year less than you. She believed her record and reputation for respect for Gnolls would bridge the gap.”
The Wall Lord’s eyes sharpened.
“I assume you didn’t think so.”
Alrric smiled.
“I calculated that the difference in respect between you two—as a monetary figure—was five hundred gold, Wall Lord. Respect is a number, not an idea. One of you valued me higher, and that’s what I wanted. Not words.”
Ilvriss grinned.
“Navine’s loss is my gain. Let her investigate. I suppose if Brilm and the others are distracted it’s fine. It’s just…”
He sat there, blankly, not finishing his sentence. Alrric was so concerned he stopped his paperwork.
“Have you had enough to eat, Ilvriss? You’re looking—wan.”
“I might have escaped my mother at breakfast. It’s not been an easy time of it, Alrric.”
The Wall Lord mumbled. The Gnoll waited.
“Do you have a moment, Alrric? I’ll make something to eat. I’d like to talk over something with you.”
“Of course.”
Ilvriss, cook? It was rare, but the headquarters had a mess room. Josial was there, chatting with a female Gnoll. Both fled as Alrric and Ilvriss came in.
“I need dried corn kernels. I’m sure they have some. Feed for chickens or whatnot. But I asked them to put some here. To entertain Brilm. Here. I’ve seen it done. You put a pot, fill it with a bit of oil and…”
Alrric watched as Ilvriss covered the lid and let the magical rune glow. Soon, there was a pop. The Gnoll jumped.
“Where did you learn this, Wall Lord?”
“Liscor. It was entertaining. Alrric, I miss that city. I must confess. I’ve been thinking of returning some days.”
The Wall Lord sat there as he and Alrric talked. The Gnoll gave him an incredulous look.
“Why? Are you telling me Ilvriss, the Wall Lord of Salazsar, wants to go to Liscor?”
The Drake nodded.
“That’s right. Liscor lacks for…well, all kinds of amenities. It’s a disgusting place, especially after the rains and dangerous. But what it had, Alrric, was—this. As an analogy, I mean.”
He gestured towards the pot. Alrric eyed it.
“…Novelty?”
“That. But I mean to say—things moved faster in Liscor, Alrric. And they still took months to play out. But I saw levels rising faster than anywhere but a battlefield. Bah, I misspeak; Liscor was a battlefield, numerous times!”
Ilvriss turned to the pot. He checked it—half a dozen popcorn kernels nearly hit him in the face. The Drake covered the lid as he dodged.
