7.33 I
Page 4
Wall Lord Ilvriss was waiting for him. In his office; the Gnoll checked his reports before going to see him.
“Alrric, good morning.”
“Ilvriss. I noticed the trap went off well.”
The two greeted each other. Ilvriss gestured to a chair.
“Please, sit. Is there anything new in the company I haven’t picked up on?”
It was the little things that mattered. The way Ilvriss asked, rather than told. Alrric’s use of the Wall Lord’s name sans title. It had been a delicate, difficult dance of establishing mutual respect, oh, years ago. But seven years later, coming on eight, the two were used to each other.
However. Ilvriss had changed since coming back from Liscor. And the Gnoll found the new Drake sitting across from him at his desk—entirely different in many ways. Not unwelcome, however. No, not at all.
“Nothing to bring up at the moment, Ilvriss. I was thinking I’d call on one of your Skills for the new seam. Later this week?”
“Of course. Keep me appraised. I do have something for you, Alrric. Aside from my thanks over the teleportation scandal. Would you like instant remuneration for that, by the way? Or deferred?”
The Gnoll inclined his head. Drakes were refreshingly straightforward about that.
“I’ll take an increase to my pay at the end of the month. And a few of those cigars that would have been stolen wouldn’t go amiss.”
Ilvriss made a note.
“Done. How does…six boxes sound?”
“Fine by me.”
Another note. The two had no time to waste. Ilvriss’ company, the Gemscale family’s holdings in mining, gem processing, and more, employed thousands of Drakes and Gnolls and even a few other races in Salazsar. Ilvriss steepled his claws.
“I want you to begin recruitment for Operation Periss. Take the lists we drew up—begin making the offer. Can I rely on you? Do you need anything?”
The [Administrator] considered this. This was incidentally, not checking budgets or directing [Miners] to new places to search for gemstones, managing the refinement of said ores and gems dug up—his normal routine. This was something different. But Alrric did more than just make money for Ilvriss.
“I can do it. I’ll wait until they’re returning from their shifts. And I’ll advance the pay for those that sign up. Also—give me at least…yes…fourteen more cigar cases.”
“Done, and done. Josial!”
The Wall Lord rang a bell. The [Secretary] opened the door.
“Wall Lord?”
“Secure twenty cases of cigars for Alrric, on his desk in the hour. If you can’t get enough from the shipment, replace it from our stores.”
The Gnoll nodded. Neat as you please. The door closed; Ilvriss looked at the Gnoll.
“How many do you think you can recruit, Alrric?”
“I can only speculate. Let’s say thirty percent?”
“Hm. Try to make it forty.”
“Many have families, Ilvriss. It’s not easy to get them to sign up for more danger, even with gold.”
“Well, we shall make do. I need to consult with the [Weapon Master] and [Trainer] who are coming in today. I will be out of the office, Alrric. I leave it in your paws.”
And that was that. Alrric was used to being given command. And Ilvriss was a Wall Lord. He would pull all-nighters in the company’s headquarters at need, but Alrric knew Ilvriss was busy.
With Operation Periss. The Lords and Ladies of the Wall had voted to secretly create an elite fighting force to deal with the Antinium threat. Of course, it was top-secret, such that not even Manus or other Walled Cities knew.
Alrric knew because Ilvriss trusted him and needed him to help coordinate the affair. It was one of those things Alrric kept secret. He was good at keeping secrets. He had a few himself.
 
—-
 
