7.33 I
Page 11
He began handing out cigars from the glossy wood case. The [Miners] eyed the expensive puffers. Some lit up at once, with spell or borrowing fire from the candle on the desk for that very reason.
Alrric saw a few of them surreptitiously pocket theirs. He made no comment. That would be a nice bonus on a [Miner]’s salary if sold. Besides, the free cigar was meant to impress on them there was money here, and it did.
He walked back to the front of the room and clapped his paws together. The [Miners] looked at him, in his suit and combed fur. Alrric spoke briskly.
“I won’t waste your valuable time. You’ve been asked to report to me by your [Chief Miners] because all of you have a Skill or Skills that are deemed valuable.”
He nodded to them and saw them glance at each other. Skills and classes and levels were considered private, but Drake companies in Salazsar mandated that their employees inform them of Skills—they incentivized it for recordkeeping.
In this case, all twenty [Miners] had a Skill that Ilvriss had desired and Alrric had gone down the lists of every employee in his company—and the companies of other Wall Lords and Ladies who’d provided the records. Not all were as meticulous as his, but these were pulled from every shift.
[Enhanced Strength]. [Greater Toughness]. [Piercing Swing]. [Extreme Reaction: Dodge]. That one was a passive, very useful if a rock was about to fall on your head. [Cleaving Blow]. A room-clearer if you held a pick.
But they weren’t here to mine. Not if they took his offer. Alrric produced contracts.
“No one has to sign. You have a week to mull it over. But I’m authorized to pay gold up front. For one year’s service? Twenty gold. And that’s your signing bonus. You’ll make more than any [Miner], I promise you. And you’ll be geared up.”
“Administrator, why’re we being picked? I’ve never swung a sword or axe in my life!”
A female Gnoll raised her paw. Alrric smiled.
“Don’t worry—your training will be paid for. You’re receiving top-class instruction; you won’t be thrown into a battle without months of training. Make no mistake. It will be hard. But you’ll emerge from it with gold in your pockets, combat training and experience…”
“And if we die?”
That came from lower down. Alrric realized he’d missed a half-Dwarf Human who’d come late. Not all of Salazsar was two species. He handed a cigar out.
“If you die, Mister Dwarf, your family will be awarded your pension. Or next-of-kin. You are going to be seeing action.”
“Against whom? Other Drakes? Other cities?”
The [Miners] were thinking, inspecting the contracts which Alrric had drawn up himself. The Gnoll rested his paws on the desk.
“I can’t say. You’ll know more if you accept. Just think over my offer. Don’t rush. Think. You’re not being asked to be rank-and-file [Soldiers].”
“So we’re not front-fodder?”
A Gnoll asked bluntly and the other Gnolls in the rooms looked up. Alrric bared his teeth in reply.
“Never. If that was the case, I wouldn’t have asked you.”
The other Gnolls nodded, reassured by that. That was one of the reasons Ilvriss had asked Alrric to meet with them personally. They wouldn’t have trusted Drakes. Not with how other cities used their Gnoll [Soldiers].
In the end, eight signed on. Ilvriss’ 40%, right there. And another two told Alrric they needed to think it over.
He didn’t waste time. The eight who signed up were told to report to an area under the Gemscale family’s control. They owned entire levels of Salazsar. Alrric accompanied this group.
