7.33 I
Page 22
“Like that. I come back to Salazsar and everything feels slow. Complacent. Tradition maintains the order, Alrric. But we must change.”
“Who are you and what did you do with Ilvriss?”
The Wall Lord didn’t laugh as hard at that as Alrric expected. He gestured towards the pot.
“We need that. Pressure. And the kind of people who thrive under it. We need innovation. New leaders, be they Drake or Gnoll who can lead us forwards. Make things better, not traditional.”
The Gnoll’s ears perked up.
“I recall you saying that good education and breeding were what a proper leader needed, Wall Lord.”
The Drake made an expression as if the popcorn were the sourest of plums. He popped one of the fresh ones into his mouth and chewed as he took the pot off the burner.
“I recall that as well. Hm, it tastes done. Try some.”
Alrric took a puffy kernel gingerly and chewed it. He saw Ilvriss watching him.
“How about it?”
“Hm. Bland, but palatable.”
Alrric’s gaze flicked towards Ilvriss. The Wall Lord smiled.
“Don’t spare your true thoughts. It’s meant to be accompanied. With salt, butter…edible yeast for some reason.”
“Why?”
“I have no idea. It’s a Human tradition. Let’s spare the yeast for now.”
The two retired to Alrric’s office, eating the popcorn, now more edible. Alrric considered it was a great snack.
“This comes from Liscor?”
“As I said, Alrric. The city felt alive. I can’t just go back to running the company and growing the family fortune. I want this task force to succeed. We have a base of [Warriors]. Now, I want commanders. True elites. The kind that can stand toe-to-toe with even the King of Destruction’s Rustängmarder, for instance.”
Ilvriss named one of the most effective infantry forces in the world. Alrric frowned.
“I’m not a [Commander], Ilvriss. Can’t your Captain Shieldscale lead…?”
“She’s a [Captain]. Not even close, Alrric. I want genius. I met a young [Strategist] in Liscor. He was a [Tactician]—but he became a [Strategist]. I want about a hundred of him, in every class. Or failing that, one Zel Shivertail.”
The Gnoll was quiet as he thought.
“You can always hire [Mercenaries]. Baleros has many companies who’d travel here.”
“[Mercenaries] can always be rebought, Alrric. I want trustworthy Gnolls and Drakes.”
“True. Well then. You’ll have to poach them from other cities.”
“If I manage that, it means they can be bought. The best person to have is someone who can’t be bought. A hero from another city. But how do you get them?”
Ilvriss was struggling with the eternal woe of every commander, or corporate boss. How did you get the best? Alrric thought about it.
“There’s an aphorism among the corporate, Ilvriss: ‘If you have time, train ‘em. If you don’t, buy ‘em. But first, find them.’ I think you’re not seeing the problem for what it is. If you need people you can trust—you’re too narrow.”
The Wall Lord looked up sharply.
“Are there other groups I haven’t considered in my search, Alrric?”
“I can think of two. The first is Gnoll tribes. They might not be the most eager, but they will be loyal. Gnolls value that. Trust me.”
Ilvriss hesitated. But since this was the new Ilvriss, he didn’t dismiss that out of hand.
“…Are there good warriors among the Gnolls, Alrric?”
The [Administrator] shrugged.
“As many as Drakes. Have you heard about the Woven Bladegrass Tribe?”
“Didn’t they clash with several Drake cities?”
“Exactly. There are high-level Gnolls in every tribe. That doubles your search radius.”
“Hm. Well, I’ll consider it. But how do I get them?”
“Offer them what they want.”
The Gnoll realized he might be going too far. But Ilvriss waited.
