7.33 I
Page 24
Alrric kept abreast of lots of news. He thought and his mind produced the information. [Quick Recollection]. And [Compartmentalized Knowledge]. A useful two Skills for anyone overburdened by knowledge.
“Ah, yes. They were working on expanding the city, weren’t they?”
“An ambitious project. I’ve kept an eye on it. But I’ve learned that to fund development—along with the money each Walled City is giving—the city is allowing its landowners to buy into the city.”
“Ah. To fund their project? Wise.”
Alrric saw Ilvriss nod. The Wall Lord drummed his claws on the desk and then looked at his second.
“Make them an offer. Eighty thousand gold pieces for my area of development. And if you obtain the land—start developing it.”
“Into what? Ilvriss! What do we need land in Liscor for?”
“I don’t know. A second headquarters? The High Passes can be mined! But do it. And spread the word.”
The Gnoll bit back his complaints. Ilvriss gave him a meaningful look. Alrric sat back.
“…How widely?”
“Enough to make Navine wonder if I’m going to make it my summer home for my Human wife.”
The two looked at each other. Then they started laughing. Alrric nodded.
“I can do that. I’ll develop it—at least it might be profitable as a residential district. Will there be anything else?”
Ilvriss was shaking his head. The spark was back in him and he was ready to work. He strode for the door, and then halted. A thought had occurred to him.
“Alrric. I had Tasilt over last week. I was meaning to do that. It occurs to me. I’ve never inquired after your family.”
The Gnoll’s jovial mood turned frozen. As it always did when someone brought it up. He shook his head cautiously.
“I—you sent a gift when my daughter received her first class. And we appreciate the birthday gifts, Wall Lord.”
“Yes. Well, that’s standard. You have one daughter, and a wife?”
“Yes. My daughter’s fifteen. Why?”
“Would you care to dine with me at my estates? Say, tonight?”
The Wall Lord caught Alrric’s expression.
“Just a thought. I’ve never made the invitation.”
No, and it was one of the reasons why he’d gone with Ilvriss over Navine. The Gnoll cursed. But there was nothing for it. He smiled.
“Of course. I—we would be delighted to.”
“Excellent. Please have Josial bear any particular favorite dishes to my estates. Tonight, then.”
And Ilvriss was gone. It was a good gesture. The kind of thing Alrric liked to see from Ilvriss. In all ways, this was an improvement. Except for the family-dinner. He began to sweat and checked his mirror.
This might be tricky.
 
—-
 
The first thing Alrric did was send a City Runner to his wife telling her to get ready. Then he took care of Ilvriss’ other request. He sent a [Message] to Liscor, inquiring about Ilvriss’ offer, and reassured them that yes, he was serious.
Then, carefully, Alrric wrote a little message on a piece of paper, and walked out of his office. His [Secretary] had already carried off the request for dinner dishes to Ilvriss’ estates. Now, Alrric handed him the message.
“Sell this to whichever Wall Lord makes the highest bid, Josial. Keep whatever you get. It’s a big investment Ilvriss is making. Top secret. I objected strenuously, but you know how the Wall Lord is. Mention how confident he was and how frustrated I was.”
The Drake brightened. He liked the perks of his job. And loyalty was rewarded all the way down.
“Eighty thousand to invest in Liscor? Wow.”
