7.33 I
Page 5
Back at his desk, Alrric checked himself in the mirror. He produced a fine comb, ran it over his arm, and got to work. He had one eye on the sky; he’d be going downstairs after the morning’s paperwork was done.
But halfway through his daily inspections of figures and sums—which he could do without an abacus or other calculating device—the Gnoll had a guest.
“Enter.”
Josial entered, with a bag of holding containing the rich puffers that the nobility loved so much—straight from Baleros.
“Someone to see you, Alrric. Captain Shieldscale.”
Alrric frowned.
“Let her in.”
The Drake with bright, teal scales entered the room and hesitated for a moment as the Gnoll sat at his desk.
“Administrator Alrric?”
She did not salute, despite being a [Soldier]. Nor did Alrric rise to greet her.
“Captain Shieldscale. How may I help you? More instructions from Ilvriss?”
The Gnoll saw the female Drake’s face change. She was new to Ilvriss’ employ, and a bit uncomfortable at how he addressed the Wall Lord. She was…a mystery. Ilvriss had bodyguards, aides—but never one he’d taken into his confidence and relied on as much as this Drake.
Except for Periss. But that had been a different matter. Alrric waited, surreptitiously investigating the female Drake. He was almost certain she wasn’t Ilvriss’ lover. He would smell it—and also, know.
Half the [Gossips] wanted to know if they were entangled, or if she was the Drake who’d kept Ilvriss in Liscor for so long. But Alrric had been more than aware of Periss and Ilvriss’ romantic affairs in secret. It had happened once in his office. He’d smelled it the next day and called for a [Cleaner].
No, Captain Shieldscale wasn’t a lover. But then what? She hesitated for a second.
“I’m carrying out Wall Lord Ilvriss’ duties, Adm—Alrric.”
“Administrator Alrric, Captain Shieldscale. And I am as well. What seems to be the matter? Ilvriss has asked me to help you in any way I deem fit.”
The Gnoll was rather satisfied by the way the Drake pursed her lips at that.
“I…I’m missing one of our people. Shriekblade. They were supposed to report to me this morning, but…they’re nowhere to be found.”
Alrric’s fur stood up a tiny bit at that. He stopped nettling the Drake and sat up.
“Ah yes. Shriekblade.”
One of two Named Adventurers currently resident in Salazsar. And of the two—the more dangerous one and more unpredictable, by far. The other, a Gnoll, was steady. Akral the Adamantium. Or was it Adamantine? He lead his heavily-armed Named Team as Salazsar’s top adventurers in charge of security on a lucrative retainer for the city itself.
But Shriekblade…Shriekblade was very different. Alrric thought for a second.
“I believe Shriekblade may have wandered off, Captain Shieldscale. I can attempt to locate them.”
“Please.”
The [Captain] reddened. She wasn’t used to people lacking military discipline. Alrric rang for Josial.
“We need to find Shriekblade. Ask Street Runners to bear word of her—a four-silver reward. Tell them to check around [Alchemists] or [Healers]. I assume you checked her quarters?”
“I did.”
“Check the prison as well. She may have been arrested.”
The Drake shifted nervously. Alrric let Josial hurry out. He gestured towards the door.
“Why don’t you take a seat, Captain Shieldscale? If Shriekblade is present, I’m sure she will be found soon.”
The Drake sat. After a moment, Alrric looked up from his paperwork.
“Outside, Captain? Thank you.”
 
—-
 
As it happened, Shriekblade wasn’t found in the next hour. Captain Shieldscale went to search for the Named Adventurer herself. Alrric doubled the finder’s fee.
