7.33 I
Page 16
The Gnoll backed up. More beams were crisscrossing the tunnel now, brighter than the safety-lanterns. He ran as they exploded chunks of the ceiling and walls, threatening a cave-in.
“Blockades set!”
A shout from above. Alrric and the [Miner] ran. The others had metal barricades, like the ones adventurers used, ready to seal the shaft.
“Not yet! The Administrator’s below!”
“Watch out! They’re coming!”
The [Miners] were shouting. Alrric felt two more beams hit his back and his ring gave out. He howled as something singed him in the back but kept running. He saw the crews waiting, ready to seal the gap—
Someone screamed. The sound came from above and the [Miners] clapped their hands to their ears or earholes. A figure leapt past Alrric as he halted, for a moment feeling primal fear. But he recognized the blur.
Shriekblade. She ran past him at the Stone Starers. Even they backed up as the Named Adventurer ran at them.
No tactics. No thought to it. She didn’t gauge the situation. She just charged and the Drake planted her dagger hilt-deep in the first Stone Starer. She tore through it and slashed into another, a whirlwind of blades.
“Keep running!”
Alrric grabbed the [Miner], who’d paused to stare. Lights flashed behind them; Shriekblade kept screaming. Alrric made it past the barricades.
“Don’t close it! Adventurer Shriekblade needs backup! Where are the teams—”
“Right here.”
A voice answered him. Wall Lord Ilvriss strode forwards with his enchanted sword, leading a team of Gold-ranks and privately-hired [Mercenaries]. They followed Shriekblade into the battle. Alrric saw one of the Gold-ranks staring down at the Named Adventurer and had a thought. He was more worried about Shriekblade than the monsters.
The [Miners] milled about, until their [Chief Miner] ordered them to move back, to clear the way for [Healers] or a retreat if necessary. Alrric walked among them; they were shaken, but not afraid.
This was what life in the shafts was like. He ignored their praise.
“Next time, run faster and I won’t have to cover for you lot.”
He growled, but smiled. One of the Gnolls looked at Alrric with new respect.
“We heard you knew the work, boss. But that was something to see, yes?”
“Hah. You think Stone Starers are bad? Once they can’t see you it’s fine. Try surviving a Creler nest. Well—lucky I’m corporate and I had a magic ring or you’d be getting another [Administrator].”
The Gnoll’s back hurt, but he’d taken a potion. One of the other Gnolls, Chief Ikrr, laughed.
“True. You shouldn’t be down here, Administrator! You’re showing your age!”
“What?”
Alrric twisted. Ikrr reassured him.
“Just a bit of gray.”
Gray fur. Alrric’s features flickered. He hesitated, and then grinned.
“Oh. Well, perks of the job include fur dye. Tell anyone and I’ll have you working under Yesh.”
The others laughed at that. Alrric put his back to the wall and left as soon as possible. It meant cutting his shift short, but that was understandable. He’d made an impression.
Wall Lord Ilvriss was in a good mood after that fight. Shriekblade…wasn’t. Killing the monsters didn’t seem to have improved her temperament. She sat in a void of space, ignoring the blood and singe marks on her. Killing just was, for her. Like taking a bath.
Neither noticed how pale Alrric was under his fur. He went back to his office as Ilvriss, satisfied with the boost in productivity, congratulated the company and assigned bonuses as he deemed fit.
After he’d gotten back to his office, changed suits, and reapplied the fur dye, the nervous shakes stopped. Alrric got back to work. But—it had been close.
