7.34 C
Page 39
The Bone Behemoth walked through one of the gates, eyes glowing red. It was made close to a Human, but it had a tail. And its bones were different. Cirille realized—
It was shaped like a Drake. And someone had given it bone armor. The giant undead was no renegade construct. Someone had shaped it, polishing the bone until it was white. Giving it armor—even a huge mace of bones.
Someone was controlling it. Cirille looked around. Someone…who had molded the Bone Behemoth to look like them.
The Drakes with robes and staves. And Hetarria, the other half. With white armor.
But it wasn’t metal. It was…ivory. Bone.
The copper penny dropped. Cirille backed away. Hetarria was staring at her, uncomprehending. The Drake [Commander] pointed her sword at her.
“You? You? How could—”
“Commander? What’s wrong? That’s ours. It wouldn’t just…Commander?”
Ossky and the others looked at Cirille. The Drake pointed a shaking finger at Hetarria. Then she shouted, as she backed away in horror.
“You’re [Necromancers]!”
 
—-
 
“I respectfully request that my brigade not be assigned with the [Necromancers].”
“Denied.”
Bastion-General Quiteil didn’t look up, despite Cirille barging into his office. The Drake [Commander] glared.
“We will not work with [Necromancers], sir.”
The man did glance up at this. He stared at Cirille and then reluctantly put down his quill.
“Commander, you have been sent to fight for Rhir. I was given to understand that Drake military discipline was second to only Minotaurs and Rhir’s own forces, but your officers have insulted the Balerosian detachment, conducted unauthorized singing on the walls, and now are refusing to fight as ordered.”
The Drake turned red.
“Sir. We do not tolerate necromancy in Izril. This is not species-dislike. This goes against the laws of the Walled Cities! Those [Necromancers] are dangerous!”
Quiteil pinched at the bridge of his nose, ignoring the ink-stains his fingers left.
“Mage-Captain Hetarria has fought for years without issue. Her creations never run amok. I would gladly take ten thousand more [Necromancers] like her in a heartbeat.”
And cart you damned Drakes back to Izril. His expression clearly indicated that. Cirille knew she was on thin ice, but she had to make her case. The soldiers would riot. Shellc was already swearing he’d rather be sent back to Izril in disgrace rather than march alongside undead.
“Bastion-General. Az’kerash died not two decades ago and the Walled Cities still remember his attacks! Not to mention, necromancy has been outlawed in the Walled Cities for—”
“Commander Cirille.”
Quiteil looked up and glowered at her around his notes. She went silent as he made a note on a piece of paper and then glanced up again.
“That may be the case in Izril. However, necromancy has never been outlawed in Rhir. We consider it an acceptable form of magic if used with care. Moreover, we recall Archmage Chandler’s contribution to the offensive against the Demons a hundred and fifty years ago.”
“But that—”
“Archmage Zelkyr fought by his side along with Wistram and almost every other nation in the world. Archmage Chandler fought the Deathless; he is a hero whose legacy is the [Necromancer] corps we still fight with. Even if he is a villain to the rest of the world, he fought the Demons.”
And that was all. Cirille pointed out the window.
“So—that undead is safe? You’d allow it to walk around with the [Soldiers], sir? What about zombies? Other undead?”
