7.34 C
Page 4
“High Magus Laisa. We were wounded to hear of the treachery of our finest [Mages]. But your betrayal hurt us deepest. We had believed you were loyal to the crown and cause. How did the Enemy take your heart?”
He looked down at Laisa, and the [High Mage] shuddered.
“Your Majesty—I still believe in the cause! I still hate the Enemy!”
Demons. The other [High Mages] nodded desperately. Nereshal scowled. Othius raised his hand, forestalling another blow.
“But you fled, refusing to cast the ritual.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
Laisa shuddered. Her hands twitched; a reminder of the…interrogation she’d undergone after her recapture. They no longer sat still. And that had been the lightest of the punishments even after she had confessed everything. The other [High Mages] shuddered.
“Why?”
Laisa hesitated, and then prostrated herself again.
“Your Majesty—please, understand that none of us were disloyal. What we did, we did for Rhir. And the world! We voiced our concerns, but—we believe the summoning ritual must never be employed again. It is not magic.”
“Explain.”
Othius sat, weary of standing. Laisa licked her lips and turned to the other [Mages]. One raised his hands, trembling.
“Your Majesty, I studied in Wistram. I—I understand the nature of scrolls. Enchantments. Magic contained in a scroll is still a blueprint and power to a spell. Even a Tier 7 scroll is understandable—even if we understand that the magic is incomprehensible at our level. But the summoning ritual?”
He spread his hands and shook his head.
“It is not magic. Or if it is, it uses a theory far beyond any understanding. Still—I and the others agree. It does not use just magic.”
Othius paused. The [King] tried to parse that line and turned to Nereshal, looking annoyed.
“Explain, Nereshal.”
“The—High Mages believe that the power used to fuel the summoning ritual does not come just from magic, your Majesty.”
“Then what? Skills?”
The [King] was ill-equipped to deal with abstracts. He understood magic and Skills. But this was close to pure theory, science. Nereshal had no good answers.
“Something else, your Majesty. Perhaps a Miracle of old.”
“We fail to see why it matters.”
The [King] snapped. The kneeling [Mages] shuddered. Laisa raised her head.
“Your Majesty—we fear what cannot be understood. This ritual tears a hole in the barrier between worlds. But we cannot even sense that barrier save when the spell was cast! I led the spell in a link; I felt it breaking the first time and it was an experience more terrible than any other I have ever felt, before or after.”
She raised a shaking hand and Othius glanced at her. He had to know what she’d gone through and that gave him his first pause. Laisa rushed to pursue the hesitation.
“Your Majesty. This ritual could tear our world apart. Or—join both worlds irrevocably! It is not a simple transfer. It tears something with brute force, rather than finesse. That is why I fled. Better to fight the Enemy—fight Demons with spells and lives than to risk nothing at all remaining!”
“We have fought for six thousand years. Do you dare to imply this state of affairs should continue?”
Othius’ eyes flashed. Laisa trembled.
“No, your Majesty. But better that, perhaps, than nothing at all. I could not bear to spend ten thousand lives of Rhir’s children again. I—I have sacrificed my life in battle against the great foe. But not that. Please, your Majesty. Not that again.”
The others murmured agreement and their own pleas until Nereshal cast them a [Silence] spell. The [Chronomancer] turned to the [King].
