7.34 C
Page 35
She was glad that her training allowed her to keep her face completely blank. Sir Vorn’s reaction was priceless. Delezza laughed openly at the [Knight]’s consternation.
What a cast of characters. But then—they were all ‘irregulars’. Outsiders, sent from their nations to defend Rhir. There were other [Knights] of course, although not all came in numbers enough to be deployed as one group. The Order of the Thirsting Veil was large enough to send eighteen; others sent only one. Entire nations sent aid, or food—
“Don’t eat those rations. Warn your troops, Commander; no sneaking meats, if they tend to filch.”
Delezza pointed to some thick…rich slabs of meat being borne across the wall. The Drake frowned.
“Why? And my soldiers are disciplined, Huntress Delezza.”
“Gnolls do not steal everything lying about.”
Merish glowered, but Delezza shook her head.
“Even if it’s one—that meat’s no good. It’s been sent from A’ctelios. That’s their contribution to the fight. See?”
She pointed. And Cirille saw a group of robed figures waiting for the food. They were…oddities. Even other Rhir [Soldiers] stayed away from the four who took the meat which had no preservatives on it and began to eat it.
Raw. It may have been left out in the sun, but it looked fresh. The figures had long hands. Not Human; the skin was…more like leather…and were those long claws on…?
One of them looked up, as if noticing the scrutiny. Cirille saw a flash of glowing orange eyes. She shivered.
“Who are they? What species? A’ctelios? I’ve never heard of it.”
“Huh. It’s Chandrarian. Tombhome. Nothing comes out of there…safe. Especially the ‘meat’. It changes people. Those? Those are [Flesh Reapers]. They’re Human, mostly. Or they were.”
“That’s a Human?”
For a second, Ossky’s incredulous voice lit up the wall. The directed light hit the hooded figures, illuminating them. They shielded their faces. And Cirille saw—
The Drakes stared. The [Flesh Reapers] turned, moving around the chunk of meat to shield their faces. Cirille turned a pale face to look at Captain Shellc and Ossky.
“…That wasn’t a Human.”
“Not anymore. They change themselves by eating their foes. Demons. A’ctelios’ meat also…helps.”
Delezza checked her crossbow. The [Hunters], even the [Knights] were surreptitiously looking at their weapons.
“Why would anyone take a class like that?”
Warrior Merish demanded, clearly shaken. The [Demon Hunter] shrugged.
“Some of Rhir’s people believe in doing anything to kill the enemy. Even if it means becoming like them. They’re hard to kill. Believe me. I’ve seen them fight. Just leave them alone. And no eating meat that’s just left around.”
“I think I’ll eat leaves while I’m here.”
Shellc muttered. Cirille nodded. She wrenched her eyes away.
And they weren’t even irregulars. Rhir’s [Soldiers] seemed more at ease with the [Flesh Reapers] for all they were avoided more than the foreigners. Cirille was conscious that only the other non-Rhirians were standing together. The others were given a wider berth. And it wasn’t like Rhir was all Humans.
There were Garuda, Gnolls, even Selphids, half-Elves among Rhir’s forces. All species had come to Rhir and many had started families while doing battle. So the foreigners were truly foreign only because of their cultures. Because they had not lived here, fighting Demons. But they had still come, and that was respected.
Even a [Martial Artist] from Pomle was standing on 4th Wall. The Stitch-Man’s body was made of tough hemp and he was balancing on one foot, ignoring the stiff breeze and odor of the Blight.
