7.34 C
Page 30
“You’ve brought sixty warriors yourself, Chief Warrior. Can I assume they’re infantry?”
“Hrr. Heavy infantry. Warriors, yes.”
“And their classes? And yours? What’s your level, roughly, Warrior Merish?”
Cirille waited. She heard nothing but silence. She glanced up.
“Chief Warrior Merish?”
The Gnoll had folded his arms again.
“My class is my class, Commander Cirille. It is not something the Walled Cities need to know.”
The Drake [Commander] blew out her cheeks. She’d been very patient. But enough was enough. She narrowed her eyes at the Gnoll and put a snap into her voice as if she was addressing a rookie on the training fields.
“Chief Warrior Merish, if you’re working under my command, I expect to at least know the basics of the warriors I’m commanding. If you have an objection to telling me your class, as well as the Gnolls fighting with you—please make it to Bastion-General Quiteil.”
And good luck. The Gnoll looked annoyed. His ears went flat, and he looked around. At last, he growled a reluctant answer.
“Hrr. Very well. I am a [Shamanic Warrior]. Of the Plain’s Eye tribe.”
Cirille blinked. She knew that tribe. One of the largest, and of course, [Shaman]-oriented. But…
“A what? I’ve never heard of a [Shamanic Warrior], Warrior Merish. Can you elaborate?”
He harrumphed under his breath and growled for a second.
“A magic warrior. Like a [Spellblade], yes? Only—different. We are suited to heavy fighting. Not as fragile. Our fur becomes armor, our blades cut steel.”
He gestured at the bone axe hanging by his side. Cirille blinked.
“Enchanted weapons and armor. Got it.”
“I am pleased my class fits so well into your military boxes of understanding.”
The Chief Warrior replied stiffly. Cirille sighed. It was time to try to at least bridge the gap between them. She held out her claw again, hoping he’d do what was best for both groups. The Gnolls were watching and no doubt, listening in.
“Believe me, I’m no happier than you are. I hope we won’t have to do more than just patrol together, Chief Warrior. But we’re both here to fight Demons. I’d be pleased if we can do that without incidents.”
Merish thought about it. Slowly, the Gnoll reached out and shook her hand. It was awkward; claws and paw. But they did it and nodded at each other.
“Nothing would give me greater satisfaction. Commander.”
“Thank you. In that case…I will see you later. We’re moving out at first light. Gate 27, Level 4. Er…”
“We will be there.”
She nodded at him. The Drake stepped back and her officers saluted. Merish and the other leaders of their divisions did not, but they nodded. Cirille was walking away when she had a thought.
“Chief Warrior Merish—you’ve met the Bastion-General?”
He glanced at her.
“Yes. Briefly.”
It must have been as short as her encounter from the dissatisfaction moving across his face. Cirille felt a moment of empathy. She nodded.
“Do you recall a…patch on his arm?”
She gestured. The Gnoll blinked. he looked at her.
“Yes. The Corruption has him. I do not know anything else.”
“I see. Thank you.”
 
—-
 
Corruption. Rhir’s blighted lands were not just a word. The skies, the earth—all of it had a taint to it. And in time, it affected people, animals—
Twisting them. It was rare in the capital, but Cirille understood closer to demon territory, it could affect you over time.
Mostly natives to Rhir; outsiders hadn’t lived there all their lives. It could twist you in any number of ways. Often not harmful or beneficial, but there were exceptions.
