7.34 C
Page 34
A growling voice. Cirille turned. Chief Warrior Merish had decided to walk the walls. The others pointed. It was a group of about eighteen, all armored in the same style and fashion. Human; Terandrian. They were singing their national anthem.
Some of the Drakes plugged their claws in their ear-holes. The Gnoll [Warrior] grumbled.
“[Knights].”
“It’s very…patriotic. They do that every morning, by the way.”
A wry voice came from Delezza, who was already back from being dressed down. Merish just sighed. Cirille didn’t know what to think.
“Commander, we can’t stand for that. They’re just singing about their nation?”
Captain Shellc pointed at the Humans. Half of the other Drakes nodded. Cirille saw them clustering together. One of them—a lower-ranking officer, was fiddling with his bag of holding.
“Humans. Do they have to sing? Ah, you are a [Hunter]. From Terandria?”
Merish was grumbling. Delezza nodded at him.
“Different purposes, same class. Say, you’re that Gnoll commander. Do you play cards…?”
She was just inviting him to the same place and Cirille was asking for clarification about whether there was betting. Delezza assured her that you could lose gold at the tables when Cirille heard another voice raised in song.
This one was closer. Cirille closed her eyes for a second as Merish’s head turned. She heard a loud, patriotic voice raised. Then she saw the flag.
A Drake stood on the battlements, holding a flag with the combined symbols of all six Walled Cities. He waved it back and forth, drowning out the [Knights].
“Izril! Izril and the Walled Cities! Zeres, the City of Storms! Huzzah!”
He began waving the flag and screaming at the top of his lungs. It wasn’t as…melodious…but it certainly got people’s attention. Merish looked at Cirille. Delezza started laughing.
Cirille strode and snatched the banner out of the Drake’s hands. She bellowed at him.
“[Bannerman], cut it out or I’ll throw you off these walls!”
“But [Commander], if they’re singing—we have to! We can’t be less patriotic than—”
The argument between the Drakes stopped as one of the [Knights] stood up and marched over.
“Commander, is there some kind of issue? By all means, let your [Bannerman] sing. His style is—unorthodox, but all nations should be celebrated.”
He clasped one armored fist over his breast. Cirille turned and saw a graying [Knight].
“I’m sorry, Sir Knight, but my subordinate does not need to sing. It’s not military tradition. I am Commander Cirille, in command of Izril’s Drakes and Gnolls…”
The man was graying, but he was still a warrior. He and the other eighteen [Knights] bowed stiffly.
“I am Ser Vorn of The Order of the Thirsting Veil, Commander Cirille. Deployed to Rhir to honor the ancient pacts. My fellow [Knights] were expressing our love of homeland. I’m sure it is a familiar sentiment to all not born of Rhir.”
“Er, yes, yes it is.”
Cirille shook the hand. Ser Vorn clearly knew Delezza; the man frowned at the [Huntress] before bowing to Cirille.
“Our singing has been cleared with Bastion-General Quiteil, if that is your concern. We do hold to discipline. I believe your forces will be deployed towards 5th Wall? My [Knights] will be held for heavy engagements, but I hope we will work together harmoniously.”
“I as well, Ser Vorn. May I introduce Chief Warrior Merish?”
“Hrr. Greetings, Sir Knight. It seems many outsiders will be working together, yes? Will your [Knights] be singing…daily?”
“If allowed, Chief Warrior.”
The [Knight] bowed. Merish eyed Sir Vorn.
“In that case, I ask that you not sing before morning, yes? It would help for sleep.”
