7.34 C
Page 17
Sometimes, Richard found himself identifying more with Lord Hayvon’s soldiers. Certainly—he liked some of them quite a lot, like one of the retainers, a Garuda [Skysword Master] from Chandrar. But what did Othius expect? He had wanted heroes.
He had gotten young people from Earth. And the closest thing to his hero was…
The [Clown].
 
—-
 
The people of Rhir knew of the [Clown]. They also knew of the summoned heroes from Earth—although not necessarily in those terms.
Brave young warriors from far abroad. That was how they were being described. Propaganda and storytelling.
But the [Clown]. He captured the imagination. This world had never seen his like. At least—not in the exact way he appeared. His insanity, the way he made killing a joke, the idea of him was alluring. It was…supervillainy. Not what actual blood and death looked like, or should be.
Of course—Richard had a different perspective than those of Rhir. He knew the original stories that Tom had taken from.
Much had been said of Tom’s madness. His…admirers or followers sometimes came to the mansion. Usually the female ones were let in. But everyone had heard how he’d defeated the Demon [Mage] in combat, killed a score of Fearless in the defense of the castle.
Not many people talked about the Fool, or the fact that Nereshal and the Blighted King’s warriors had held the hallways and pushed the Fearless back too. Tom caught the imagination.
However. He was still Tom to Richard. So when the [Knight] went to find his friend, he didn’t walk in awe or fear.
Or disgust, like the others. Emily refused to go with Richard. Her feelings about Tom hadn’t changed much since the beginning. Which was unfair of her.
When the others had fled the village, himself included, Tom had stayed. And he had killed an entire war party of Demons. That had been his most glorious day. His greatest achievement and tragedy. Not the part with the Fool, to Richard. Richard had never seen anyone braver. Or crazier.
Now…well…
“Richard! Richard, I need to speak with you!”
Someone intercepted Richard as he was nearly at Tom’s rooms. You could tell it was the [Clown]’s place of residence for the moment; all the breakable objects had been cleared from the hallway, or already broken. Someone had tried to carve a comic strip in the wall before getting bored one and a half panels in.
At least there was no laughter. The room was soundproofed. Richard glanced at it, and then turned.
“What is it, Chole?”
She was from California. And Chole was…concerned.
“Are you going to see Tom?”
“That’s right. Do you know what he’s been up to?”
“No. He’s shut himself in the room for the last two days. I’m worried about him, Richard.”
“That’s normal.”
“No, it’s not.”
Richard hesitated a second and then smiled mirthlessly. No, it was not. But Tom had been in their company so long it felt normal. Chole nodded.
“Richard, Tom needs help.”
“He won’t take potions—”
“It’s not just that. Richard, I’ve been trying to work with Tom.”
The [Knight] frowned, suddenly concerned.
“Don’t do that. He’s dangerous. He nearly took off Emily’s hand that one time.”
Chole grimaced.
“Emily hates his guts and it’s reciprocal, Richard. No one talks to Tom. But listen—he’s unwell. But I don’t know how much of it is…him.”
“I don’t follow.”
