7.34 C
Page 9
Phrased another way—it was not as rich as it could be. And it lacked servants in the numbers of other nobility on different continents, Richard had been told. Nobles in Rhir were expected to give all they could to the cause—fighting Demons. And Hayvon was a patriot.
Richard broke off from reading the book and glanced up. And the 5th most powerful [Lord] saw Richard getting off his horse.
“Lord Hayvon, I’ll return to the mansion by myself if that’s alright. I’d like to…”
The [Lord] glanced up and waved a hand, smiling.
“By all means, Sir Richard. Someone will take your horse.”
Average in wealth. Richard patted his horse; he’d grown up on a ranch so he was used to riding unlike all of the others. Then he took two steps and flew.
The townsfolk and riders saw Richard fly up through the air past the others. The young man had raised one hand in a fist. That was unnecessary for the Boots of Flight to work, but there was such a thing as style.
A cloak fluttered behind Richard. Magical; enchanted like his armor. It was, of course, red.
Slowly at first, then with increasing speed, Richard flew through the air. The Boots of Flight couldn’t propel him that fast; they were slower than a horse. But look up. Was that a bird?
No, it was a flying [Knight]. Richard laughed as he flew, as he always did. He’d done this probably ten thousand times. But he couldn’t help it.
“Careful, Sir Richard!”
Lord Hayvon chuckled as he heard the young man laughing from above. He lifted his hand and Richard saluted him. Richard swooped over the town, seeing people waving up at him. And for a few minutes—he was a superhero.
He didn’t shoot a beam of fire from his eyes. But that was because he needed a ring for that. And it was too dangerous; it set things alight. Even so—Richard felt invincible.
He flew towards the mansion, past the slower trotting horses. And he saw someone waving at him from the grounds.
“Hey, Superguy!”
Vincent, a [Swashbuckler] from Earth from the state of Maine was sitting in the grass. He wasn’t flying about, but neither was he unadorned with magic of his own. He waved up at Richard and then threw something.
A rope. Richard tried to avoid it, but the magical rope wrapped around one leg. He swore.
“Vincent—”
The other young man hauled on the rope and was hanging underneath Richard. The Boots of Flight dipped lower as they tried to support both weights.
“Get off!”
With a laugh, Vincent leapt to the ground. He took two steps, and bounded up into the air. He landed on a hedge that shouldn’t have supported his weight, but it did. The young man balanced on the grass.
“If you’re Super-Richard, I can at least be Indiana Vincent. Since someone got Batman.”
He grinned. Richard hovered next to him, aware that his Boots of Flight were going to run out of power soon.
“Don’t act like that in a real battle.”
“You’re one to talk.”
“I only fly for fun. I’m aware it’s a stupid idea in a fight.”
The [Knight] flushed, embarrassed. But Vincent just laughed.
“Who wouldn’t want to fly? Besides Emily.”
She got altitude-sick. And it was true, that everyone had begged to use the Boots of Flight. Richard had stuck with them because he was actually the best flier with them and Lord Hayvon favored him.
“Sir Richard!”
Lord Hayvon rode up laughing, and dismounted as a pair of Dog-Tribe Beastkin came for the horses. They were grinning at the sight, and the [Lord] himself strode up into the air. His Pegasus Boots carried him up faster and quicker than Richard; they were more powerful.
