7.34 C
Page 33
Cirille settled back, as the wall began to dry itself with unnatural speed after the rains. No slipping here.
“[Automatic Reload]. Most [Hunters] get it when they hit Level 30. If they use crossbows. We’re trained to take on enemies by ourselves; we can’t expect time to sit around in safety. Either that or your crossbow gets enchanted to do it for you. Like this.”
Delezza pointed her bow. She slapped an arrow into it, shot it. Another shout went up—Delezza’s second bolt, on the heels of the first, came three seconds later.
“Huntress Delezza!”
The [Demon Hunter] ignored it. She turned to Cirille and grinned. The Drake whistled.
“You could send a lot of bolts through the air with that!”
She looked at the other [Hunters]. Imagine an army of them? Her officers looked uncomfortable. Delezza smiled wider as if she read Cirille’s thoughts.
“Don’t worry. The Hunter’s Guild can’t field many of us. Hence why there’s only five of us and thousands of [Soldiers].”
“Ah. So you’re here on assignment?”
“Yup. Specialist. [Undead Hunters] take on mobs. [Witch Hunters] fight spellcasters. [Monster Hunters] copy adventurers. [Demon Hunters]…we go to Rhir.”
Delezza sat there. Cirille smiled. She sat lightly.
“How long?”
“Eight years.”
“Eight?”
“Since I last left. I’m here for the long haul, Commander. Hunter’s Guild doesn’t have to replace me until I go. You’re new to 4th Wall, right? I’d have heard about your division before now.”
“That’s right. We’re going to the 5th wall tomorrow.”
Delezza raised her eyebrows.
“Best of luck. We’ll be heading that way ourselves.”
“You too? Why all the irregulars?”
The [Huntress] shrugged.
“Rhir likes to lump us together. Easier than having to work us into other formations. Say—do you play cards in Izril?”
The question made Cirille blink.
“Cards?”
“That’s right. The irregular commanders all meet up every night when we’re posted like this. After dinner. It’s a standing invite.”
“I might join you. Uh—where?”
“Officer’s lounges. We’ll—”
“Huntress Delezza! Bastion-General Quiteil wishes to speak with you in six minutes!”
The [Huntress] sighed.
“Damn. I’ve got to go. Can’t be late. Try not to annoy Quiteil.”
Odd words from her. She strode off without another word and her [Hunters] remained where they were, probably used to the dressing down. Cirille nodded at them.
“Cards?”
“Don’t get your hopes up, Captain Shellc. It’s just me by the sounds of it. I might do that. Looks like we’ll be working with the [Hunters].”
“Well, at least they can shoot. Think I can buy one of their crossbows?”
“You and what salary, Shellc? It’s enchanted.”
“Damn. Adventurer-types get all the funding…”
The Drakes headed down the wall, chatting. They saw a group of Rhir’s [Soldiers] on patrol. They looked sharp. But the Drakes walked in formation and almost total lock-step even when not marching. They were a contrast to Chief Warrior Merish’s Gnolls, or the relaxed [Hunters]. Cirille wondered if 5th wall would have—
Something floated across the walls as the Drakes walked forwards. A…voice. Raised. But not shouting. It had a cadence to it. Cirille turned her head and heard…
“Let the lance-arrows fall from Ailendamus walls and guard the Kingdom of Glass and Glory~!”
“What in the name of the Walls?”
A group of Humans in plate armor were standing together. They had dark armor, purple and black but they had removed their helmets. And they were singing.
“Until my dying breath, from sea to glorious sea—Ailendamus, the only Kingdom of Terandria for me~!”
“Who is wailing those horrible words?”
