7.34 C
Page 29
That was how he greeted her as she met him in the rooms assigned for the Gnolls from the Plains. They did not have the Drake’s military traditions. Instead of neatly setting up their bunks with gear placed in front for easy access and inspection and made beds, they milled about. The room was bigger than they needed, so some of the beds had weapons or other possessions on them.
Half were naked. By which, they were wearing nothing at all. Not even loincloths. They had armor which they’d put on, but they liked their bare…fur…
Well, at least Cirille couldn’t see anything. But the Drakes looked disgusted and the Gnolls weren’t looking too friendly either. Merish folded his arms as he looked Cirille up and down.
He was taller than she was. Over seven feet high, brawny; carrying an axe with some kind of paint on it. For that matter—the Gnoll had no armor. He had very light, cloth clothing, but his fur was dyed. Blue, white—some kind of intricate pattern.
“Pleased to meet you, Chief Warrior. I hope we will be able to work together for the duration of our assignment.”
He did not shake her claw.
“Hrr. One hopes so, but reality makes me believe that this will not happen, no, Commander Cirille.”
Cirille cursed internally. Damn that jumped-up [Secretary]. The problem was that on paper, it made sense. Put fighters from the same continent together, especially since they weren’t large enough to constitute their own armies. But there were…issues…with putting Plains Gnolls under a Drake’s command.
“Chief Warrior Merish, let me assure you that I have no intention of taking direct command for your forces. I’m aware that the Plains tribes do not have the time or…inclination to drill with my commands. I’ll let you command your force semi-independent of mine.”
The Gnoll looked thoughtful at this—but Shellc muttered in a whisper that would have gone unnoticed in a Drake-only room.
“Plus, damned Gnolls can’t handle military discipline.”
Cirille longed to turn around and kick Shellc across the head. Around the barracks, Gnolls looked up. Merish’s eyes narrowed.
“We will fight alongside your formations, Commander. That is all, I think.”
“Thank you, Chief Warrior. Excuse my [Captain].”
Cirille reached back and slapped the Drake with an open claw. After a second, she looked around the room.
“The only thing I need from you, Warrior Merish, is an accounting of your weapons. Which units fight with swords, bows, for example. We could use Gnoll [Hunters]; our troops are mainly spears, swords. Infantry.”
Gnolls were devilishly good with bows, as Cirille had reason to know. Merish nodded to all of this.
“I will tell you. First, I have two hundred archers of the—”
“In writing, Chief Warrior?”
The Gnoll stared at her uncomprehendingly. He lowered his paw, which had been pointing.
“…All of it?”
One of the Drakes made a sound. Fortunately, Ossky kicked the offender, which was probably Shellc again. Cirille had another headache.
“If it’s…an issue, I can task one of my officers to record the data. Major Galle? He’s from Pallass.”
“Ah.”
Merrik eyed the Drake warily. But Galle produced a scroll of parchment and proceeded to take notes as the Chief Warrior recited the various groups under his command. He had a better oral memory than Cirille; she had no doubt he’d memorize each name. He must not have problems with the day-codes.
“Excellent.”
Galle had annotated the flowery descriptions into utilitarian descriptions. [Archer] company, 200, etc. Merish frowned at the writing, but made no comment. Cirille realized there was one last thing she had to ask.
