7.34 C
Page 0

(Volume 2 is now out on Audible along with a 10-page preview of The Last Tide included!) 
 
In Izril, Erin Solstice woke up to Rose screaming. Which was followed by Imani screaming for help. She ran out of her room with a knife and jar of acid as half the guests came out looking for trouble. Hexel, some other guests like the [Actors]—all stayed in their rooms. Lyonette shouted for Mrsha to run into the Garden.
By now, the reflexes of the inn’s staff were a honed thing. Imani fled behind Palt and Bezale as the two [Mages] emerged, bleary-eyed, aiming their wands at…
Rose. Covered in large, fat centipedes. A certain white Gnoll had dug them up and put them in her pillow as vengeance for unwanted petting the day prior.
Palt laughed his tail off. So did Numbtongue. Bird collected them as snacks. Erin and Lyonette? They went on a Gnoll hunt and Mrsha was duly punished with dishwashing duty for the next hour. Also, no dessert.
There were others, of course. And by that, other people from Earth. Kevin also laughed until Rose threw a centipede and it landed in his mouth. Imani was terrified and Mrsha had to apologize specifically to her; the girl had rolled over in their shared room, seen the many legs, and run screaming.
But listen: there were others.
“Inkarr!”
In a place far from Liscor, where The Wandering Inn’s name had never been spoken or thought of, a girl shaded her brows. She waved at the Gnoll, perfectly at home. A bunch of blue sheep were carefully following her about. She wore clothing like that of the Gnoll tribe.
She was perfectly at home, even if this was a strange land. And if the Gnolls kept adding a rolling ‘r’ to her name, well, they got on just fine. She turned, wondering what her friend wanted this early.
 
—-
 
In Baleros, the United Nations company was tracking the progress of the penicillin. Geneva Scala was checking in with Pallass about the progress of the cure.
“Why pumpkins?”
“They’re growing it on pumpkins. Mold, y’know?”
Daly yawned as he joined Paige. She handed him a cup of tea and he glared at it.
“We need coffee. Just pour a stamina potion in some fruit juice for me.”
“The last time you did that you got a rash, Daly. No mixing potions. Listen—someone’s stolen Luan’s boat again.”
“Again? Damnit. We’ll go track it down. You think we can just beat him up ourselves and claim the bounty?”
“I’ll pass.”
Luan lowered the newspaper he was reading and gave Daly a level look. Paige saw Geneva rushing out of her room.
“The treatment is working! I need my notes! Where are my—”
That was their concern. But it would be disingenuous to imply that the United Nations company was all the Earthers in Baleros. For instance:
In a city much further south, controlled by a Centaur, a young man neatly copied down the Centaur’s [Message].
“Will that be all, sir?”
Xavier, a particular [Scribe] with a particular set of Skills, looked at the Centaur. He paced back and forth in the large office.
“No. Yes. Are you sure this—contract means I’ll get a share? Really?”
“It’s going to be notarized by the Merchant’s Guild directly, sir. And the investment is for a 13.5% share of the profits of the mining venture. As agreed. Both parties are aware and you will see the numbers.”
The Centaur eyed Xavier.
“This isn’t like the Golden Triangle thing, is it? I saw it on the scrying orb, you know.”
The young man sighed. As the first person to bring real investment into this world, he was understandably annoyed by the fiasco around the scam from Izril.
“No, sir. The money and contracts are very real. If you’ll sign here. And thumb-print…”
