7.34 C
Page 23
“Why, a place separate from Rhir. The Demons have tendrils everywhere. His Majesty has decided that a nation on another continent or perhaps an island should be found. To bring those of Earth safely together. For instance—a Walled City, or a nation of Terandria if sufficient ties to Rhir can be made.”
He patted his mouth with a napkin and went on as Emily’s jaw dropped.
“And of course—those who do battle will have time to stay there. But those committed to the fight will return to Rhir. The others—Keith, Cynthia, and so on—will have sanctuary there to work for the kingdom in safety. Even travel abroad, but with a home in mind.”
The others stared. And Richard felt his heart swell. Leave Rhir? He longed to tell Tom. The table erupted in a babble of excited questions. The others were over the moon. Lord Hayvon, chuckling, answered questions.
Richard did tell Tom, later. He asked if that changed anything, this sign of hope.
The [Clown] just laughed at him.
 
—-
 
In Rhir, in a place less plush than Lord Hayvon’s mansion, someone was snoozing. Actually, that was wrong. Snoozing implied she was taking a nap. She was well and truly asleep. It was night.
The sound she emitted was ‘snoozing’. Of course, it was a rather undignified, un-authoritative sound. It embarrassed her, which was why she was grateful the privileges of command awarded her a private room, however small.
None of this mattered, however, when the Drake [Captain] slammed the door open to Cirille Bitterclaw’s room and bellowed.
“Commander Bitterclaw! Emergency message from High Command!”
Cirille practically shot out of bed. She had a sword in her claws so fast that Captain Shellc, one of the officers under her command, nearly ran onto it. Cirille looked around blearily.
“Are we under attack? What’s happening?”
“No clue, Commander! Here!”
The [Captain] had been on night-duty, a necessary hassle for officers in any good army. But when trouble came—Cirille fumbled for the speaking stone. And she was afraid, tense.
Because this was Rhir. And when you got a message from High Command, the generic Drake term for the military brass, it could be really bad.
“Commander Cirille, reporting! My division is ready to go, sir!”
She bellowed into the speaking stone. Captain Shellc would have already alerted the others. She heard shouts in the distance as the garrison began to turn out. Drakes grabbed for weapons, moving in a frenzy. They could be ready to fight in three minutes.
The voice that came from the speaking stone was precise.
“Commander Cirille, this is Bastion-General Quiteil. 4th Wall. My code is Baleros-Sivelle-Magnus Opal-45-B-2. Confirm.”
The 4th Wall of Rhir. The closest wall to the Demons if you didn’t count the 5th one under construction. Cirille’s blood ran cold. She was stationed in the capital. If they were requesting reinforcements—she knew the code from memory; it changed every day.
“Yes sir. My code is Siville-2-9-A’ctelios-[Storm Sailor]-C-E!”
She rattled off the nonsense string of words, meant to confirm that they were speaking to the right person. She had orders never to divulge it unless confirming her identity—and this code was now defunct for future use. She waited, as Captain Shellc held his short spear at the ready.
“Confirmed. Commander Cirille, report your status.”
Cirille whirled. Shellc raised his claws helplessly.
“—All was clear through the night, Bastion-General. Is there an attack?”
“Not to my knowledge. Captain Cirille, report the number of spare spearheads in your inventory.”
