7.34 C
Page 32
The woman’s hat was large. Her clothing long and dark. Underneath it she wore leather armor. She carried an oversized crossbow even a large man would have had trouble bearing. The Featherweight Runes shone to Cirille’s eyes. As well as half a dozen more.
“Huntress Delezza of Noelictus. Veteran [Demon Hunter] of the Hunter’s Guild of Terandria, on assignment.”
She nodded at Cirille, casually. Delezza was slowly loading a bolt into her crossbow, winding the hand-crank up. Four more, two men, one woman, and one a male half-Elf, all dressed in the same style, were standing to attention.
“Cirille Bitterclaw. [Commander] of the Drake forces sent to Rhir.”
Delezza held out a gloved hand and the two shook. The [Huntress] grinned; a scar across her lips stretched slightly.
“Are you on Hell’s Patrol as well?”
“…Not today. My division was assigned to the 4th Wall pending further duties.”
“Ah. They’ll make use of you soon enough. Myself—I’m on permanent patrol duty. And teaching the rookies.”
The Human woman jerked a thumb at the four [Hunters]. They all touched their hats; it was unusual to Cirille, but she’d heard of Terandrian [Hunters]. Delezza was examining the crossbow.
“Huh. Sight’s off. Hand me a corrector. That one.”
It was a bit of enchanted glass. One of her [Hunter] apprentices passed it to the [Demon Hunter]. Cirille eyed the oversized weapon.
“That’s standard for a [Hunter], is it, uh—Hunter Delezza?”
The woman glanced up. She aimed, ignoring the fact that the bolt was loaded, and then grinned.
“This crossbow? Standard. Which, I mean, it’s for a Regular Hunter. Not a Veteran. Mine’s fancier. Hey. Hunter Sisth. Hit my target.”
She tossed the crossbow to one of the younger Humans. Male. He caught it and Delezza stood up. She grabbed something from her belt and hurled it through the air.
“Projectile—”
One of the Rhir [Soldiers] bellowed. Another shouted.
“Belay warning! Friendly—”
Cirille heard the shouts at the same time as the younger [Hunter] lifted the crossbow and aimed.
“Whoa!”
The Drakes all dodged out of the way. But Sisth shot the crossbow with a thunk that everyone heard. It was like a miniature thunderclap. The crossbow bolt shot after whatever Delezza had thrown.
Cirille saw a poof of red explode. Something—red powder—bloomed in the air and floated away. The shouting continued, as Rhir’s [Soldiers] called the alarm and then confirmed it had come from Delezza. The [Demon Huntress] nodded.
“On target. We’ll keep aiming practice up.”
“Huntress Delezza. Please refrain from fire on the walls!”
A very upset Rhir-commander bellowed at her. The [Huntress] raised a gloved hand and waved it, which could have meant anything. She had broken at least half a dozen rules in a single moment.
Cirille couldn’t help but like her. The Drake nodded at the crossbow that the Regular Hunter was carrying.
“It’s a massive weapon.”
“It is. Dwarfsteel, and enchanted by their [Runemasters]. Effective range of about 200 yards unaided.”
The Drakes whistled. That was far. And ‘effective range’ meant that was how far you could hope to hit the enemy with and kill them. Delezza just shrugged.
“That’s without Skills. Longbows are better. This one’s for closer range. Punches through hide and armor. Right now it’s just a slow, heavy weapon. Once Sisth gets to Level 30, he’ll actually be a halfway decent [Hunter].”
She jerked a thumb at the [Hunter]—his long coat and hat weren’t black, but grey. He ducked his head.
“Apologies, Huntress.”
“What does he get at Level 30?”
