7.34 C
Page 12
“Well, sure. But it’s better for building stuff. Say—do you mind holding onto it? Eddy’s convinced he can get a titanium sword. Can you show it to Lord Hayvon?”
“Can do. I bet he’ll want to thank you. Maybe with a title or something.”
Lord Hayvon’s interest in the Earthworlders came from their achievements. Not just levels. He’d flip the moon about this. Keith grinned.
“Can’t let you get all the attention, can I?”
“It never crossed my mind. Say—has Eddy been bothering you? Besides this, I mean.”
He’d gotten into a fight before. Keith shrugged, face blank.
“Eddy’s an annoying asshole who thinks he’s Gandalf. Red nearly punched him in the face, but it’s fine. He’s not as bad as Tom.”
The two grimaced. Richard patted Keith on the shoulder.
“If he gets obnoxious, let me know. I can talk to him. I’ll take this to Lord Hayvon. Do you know what Tom’s up to?”
“Don’t know, and I don’t want to know. Please tell me he’s going to fight Demons soon.”
“Sorry.”
 
—-
 
Keith was not the only person Richard met on his circuit of the mansion. There was Red, a girl from New Jersey, who marched up to Richard to complain about Edward. She was a [Painter]; just like from her world. Not as useful to Hayvon, but she’d been recreating some classics which had attracted attention from prospective buyers. Her Starry Night wasn’t exactly like the original, but it was close.
There was Katie and Stacy, who were conspiring over some new food from Earth and…well, not leveled much in any one class. Cynthia was out in the town, enjoying the sights and keeping as far away from Tom as possible; she hadn’t come back in two days and Richard was going to ask someone to find her just to check up.
This was his group. And Richard was—well, not the boss, but a leader. He had the highest level, aside from possibly Tom, and they listened to him. He liked them all. In their own way. They’d been through hell—literal hell. And they were like family.
Some were poorer members than others. Cynthia didn’t really contribute and she liked to distract herself until ‘help arrived’ from Earth. Others were like Keith, or Vincent, or Emily. Good people who worked hard and leveled.
And then there was Tom. Richard asked Stacy about him and her face twisted.
“Tom’s holed up in his rooms again.”
“Is he drinking, sleeping around, or crying?”
“Uh—he’s laughing.”
“Wonderful.”
Tom—was Tom. And his fellow Earthers had a different view of him than the other people of Rhir. To them, he was like a war hero. His insanity was even admired.
To the Earthers, Tom was a psychopath and they were afraid of him, annoyed by him, or just creeped out in equal measure. He had been Richard’s friend. But…
To Lord Hayvon, Tom was just a weapon. The [Lord] was always polite to Tom, but he didn’t entertain Tom’s crazy. When the [Clown] had ‘pranked’ Hayvon by trying to stab him, Hayvon had obligingly stabbed him back. Even the completely murderous ‘other Tom’ had decided it wasn’t worth provoking the [Lord].
Richard found Hayvon in his study. No servant to announce him, so Richard knocked.
“Lord Hayvon? It’s Richard. I have news.”
“Enter!”
The 5th most important [Lord] was sitting at his desk, studying a scrying orb. It was set to a Drake, cheerily broadcasting the news.
“And in other news today, The King of Destruction won a pitched battle at—”
She was new. Richard hadn’t seen her yesterday. Lord Hayvon glanced up and touched the orb; it went dark.
“I see the King of Destruction continues to advance in Jecrass. Do you keep up with this news report, Richard?”
“Only a bit, Lord Hayvon. Emily watches every day.”
