7.34 C
Page 38
A flash of scales. The Drake paused, on her way back to ask if Ser Vorn would care to test his Skills in a friendly bout. She was compelled to investigate. And to her delight, she finally found more Drakes!
The group was lounging near one of the gates. Amid Humans, some Minotaurs—all marked with the emblems on their armor of Rhir. All natives, in short. But they were Drakes.
They were wearing robes, half of them. The other half had a pale white armor on. But all carried wands or staves along with swords or other close-combat weapons. [Mages]? They were laughing and talking with the others, clearly relaxed on the 4th Wall.
“Hail! Are you from Izril? Or from Rhir?”
The Drakes blinked as Cirille and the other Drake officers strode towards them. They glanced at the military-discipline of the Drakes, the casual Gnolls—and then smiled.
“We’re all born of Rhir! But fellow Drakes are always welcome! Hello!”
“Hello! I thought we’d see no more Drakes on our tour! You’re [Soldiers]?”
The two sides met. The other species stood back as the Drakes introduced themselves.
“Not infantry. We’re specialists.”
The lead Drake, female, wearing the white armor, introduced herself. Her name was Hetarria; a [Captain] in rank. Not a Drake name, and she had Rhir’s accent, not the more sibilant Drake tongue. But Cirille was delighted to meet her.
“I hope you’re heading to 5th Wall.”
The Drakes groaned.
“We all are. Bastion-General Quiteil loves reorganizing us, so we’ve seen this wall more than two dozen times. We’re always passing back and forth. You’ll have us in the wings. A shame you didn’t meet with another of our armies; there are a lot more of us! Tens of thousands, in the infantry!”
“How does Rhir have so many Drakes?”
Hetarria shrugged.
“We were born on Rhir. Generations ago, most of us—or Drakes who decided to stay. Are you all from Izril? Which city?”
“Different ones. We’re all from different cities. Most are from the Walled Cities…”
“Oh, of course. I’d forgotten that was how it worked.”
It was…disturbing to meet Drakes so devoid of understanding of Izril. But Cirille still shook claws and smiled around at them.
“I’d love to talk more. If we’re not distracting you from your duties? I don’t suppose you play this card game I’ve been invited to?”
Hetarria laughed and shook her head.
“We’re actually working, Commander. And no; that’s for irregulars, not lowly [Mage-Captains]. But we can talk while we do our work.”
“Are you sure? I wouldn’t want to get you in trouble.”
The Drakes didn’t seem to be doing much at the moment. Hetarria glanced past Cirille. And then she heard a sound.
“Gates opening! Make way!”
The shout came from below. Two massive gates, far, far too tall for even siege weapons to need that clearance opened. Cirille heard distant shouts. And then she saw something moving.
“What is that?”
Ossky recoiled from where she’d been peering over the battlements. Cirille looked at her. She saw pale white. And then—
A figure moved. It took a step and there was a tremor. Cirille didn’t feel it on the walls, but she heard the sound.
Something rose higher. Cirille drew her sword. She heard a shout from Ossky, and then a bellow.
“To arms! Undead!”
A skeletal head, larger than Cirille was tall, swiveled. Two glowing flames in the hollow eye sockets. Cirille’s eyes went round as the Drakes took up the call.
“Undead!”
“Commander, what—”
Hetarria looked astonished. Cirille had drawn her sword. And she saw it in all of its horror.
