7.34 C
Page 14
“They do. But a handful of nations refuse. Newer ones refuse to uphold the old pacts and must need renegotiation, but that is different. The ones who refuse entirely are very specific. They…do not see Demons as their enemies.”
He counted them off on his fingers.
“The Drowned Folk nations. The Empire of Drath. And…Dullahans. There are individual nations, but those three races refuse. They have allied or made peace with Demons in the past.”
“Really? But why?”
Richard had never left Rhir. Of course, the continent, even smallest of the rest, was still massive. Keith had estimated it was as big as the United States—even more, perhaps. But the entire world was out there. All Richard had were books and the people from abroad. He wanted to leave someday.
But there was a war to fight, and Richard’s group were soldiers in an army. Leaving was impossible. For Richard, at least. Perhaps…
Lord Hayvon cut him off from his musings.
“Even nations as proud as Khelt or as strange as A’ctelios give aid. Even the Walled Cities and northern nobles of Izril will not attack vessels bound for Rhir. Every Terandrian nation gives aid. This is not a matter where complacency is allowed, Richard. But those three groups—no. Some Dullahan cities, and some Drowned Folk groups are wise, of course, but the Iron Vanguard will not send a tithe while the other three Great Companies do. Even the Gazers.”
Richard didn’t know who the Gazers were—although he imagined them—but he nodded. The [Lord] leaned on his desk, frowning darkly.
“Not as much in recent decades. But then—the Demons are weaker than they were a century back, hence the work on the 5th Wall. King Othius the 3rd and his Majesty were responsible for that.”
“How, Lord Hayvon?”
The [Lord] grinned humorlessly.
“Simple. We killed their commanders. Or should I say—wounded them? The Demons lack our resources, Richard. They have monsters, and they breed quickly. But they rely on their elites. Especially their Deathless.”
Richard hadn’t heard that term before. He was familiar with the Fearless, the shock troops of the Demons. But Deathless?
“I assume that means they can’t be killed?”
“It means it’s very difficult. Hence the name. They are all…immortals. So unless we kill them in battle, they return century after century. There are few left. They were all wounded in the last great war against the Demons, though. Let us not sully our lips with their names, though. Names—fear of them is a power I do not wish to grant the Enemy.”
Hayvon shook his head. He clearly didn’t like discussing them.
“Between them and the Antinium, we cannot overrun the Demons. But where was I? The King of Destruction?”
“Yes, Lord Hayvon.”
The [Lord] nodded.
“The other reason the King of Destruction is not a threat—yet—is that he was defeated once before. When he threatened to invade other nations and completely destabilized peace, his Majesty sent a force to do battle. They humbled his ‘Lord of the Skies’, Takhatres, one of the Seven in battle. Destroyed his tribe. The King of Destruction is not invincible. Minos crippled his ambitions in a single battle and the Titan of Baleros dealt the finishing blow.”
“I see.”
Lord Hayvon smiled and cracked his arms as he stretched them out. He gave a casual nod to the blank orb.
“And finally, Sir Richard—Flos Reimarch is no match for our king. He is just a [King of War], or some variant of the class. Specialized in one area, high-level—but I would wager, not yet a match for his Majesty.”
“Really?”
