7.34 C
Page 8
Lord Hayvon was a tall man, but not distinguished. He was intensely…practical. He wore armor of course; they’d been hunting deer, but Demon attacks could occur even behind the 3rd Wall. And he was beyond competent in every area. So much so that he didn’t have odd quirks, like Lord Tyrion, Lord Bel, or any of the other [Lords] mentioned in the book Richard had read. He replied with a nod toward the mansion.
“In your world, perhaps, Sir Richard. But here—the people admire anyone who can kill Demons like Sir Tom. I gather many of them have classes like [Clown], if not that exact one. They’re rather like [Berserkers]—or at least, that’s how I believe they should be used. Irregulars.”
“…Is that why his Majesty lets Tom be?”
“You mean, entertains his swings of mood, and his oddities? Of course. He is a capable fighter. We have seen far worse. Allow him his ‘groupies’, Sir Richard. Allow him his fame. When the time comes, he kills Demons and that is what I care about.”
“Yes, Lord Hayvon.”
Richard bit back the objections he had and rode on. This was Rhir, after all. Richard had seen Demons. He’d fought them. He rode with Lord Hayvon back towards the mansion. Richard had not been a fighter before coming to this world. Now—he was a [Knight]. A soldier, at least in Lord Hayvon’s mind.
They all were. But there was more to Hayvon than just that. Richard had seen it.
 
—-
 
A Treatise on the Foremost [Lords] in the World, Of Present Writing by Krsysl Wordsmith. The name of the book was almost as long as the entire thing. Richard had found it one day in Hayvon’s libraries and been obsessed. He’d tracked down another copy and annotated at it.
The Drake [Writer] had named the five most important [Lords] in the world in a ranked list. And after a very lengthy introduction where he decried his detractors and said he was an authority in…er…history, he’d rationalized his list.
Lord Hayvon Operland was 5th. Lord Belchaus Meron was 1st. There was a [Lord] in Izril, Tyrion Veltras, who was 2nd, then another [Slave Lord] or close from Chandrar…
Each one’s accomplishments, holdings, personalities, had been written of. The book also had a list of top [Ladies], [Kings], [Strategists], [Generals]—it was like an ancient ratings-list of leaders. And the Drake had included a lot of—opinions—into the writing.
‘Lord Hayvon, as needs must be remembered, is a [Lord] of Rhir as thus merits consideration for that fact alone. Of course, his levels are unknown, but he is known as a staunch commander of men. Humans, rather, as well as the mixed forces sent to Rhir. He is largely practical, with that lack of true verisimilitude, the qualities that make one stand out in the history books…’
Richard read the intro to Lord Hayvon for the hundredth time. It was fascinating, the Drake’s take on him. Also—complete bullshit, as far as Richard understood it. The Drake had rated Hayvon as ‘average’. Obviously world-class, but average in terms of wealth compared to Emir Yazdil, average compared to a fighter like Lord Tyrion or Lord Belchaus…
Average? Richard was riding back to one of Hayvon’s mansions after a morning hunt. They’d been chasing deer, which bred around the 3rd wall. Not in great numbers, but Rhir had grown forests in the safety of the Blighted Kingdom. Even [Lords] needed entertainment.
But Lord Hayvon’s being a noble of Rhir meant that he only took one of the deer to feed his mansion. The other six bagged were given to the public, as a gift. Also—his mansion was rich, but not opulent.
