7.34 C
Page 21
“What? You think I want to be like this? Go fuck yourself, Richard! Or Emily! This isn’t me! This is the Skill! I was turned into this!”
That was the Tom that Richard remembered. He snapped back at Richard, furious all of a sudden. Breaking through the act, if he was putting on an act. Richard met Tom’s eyes.
“That might be true. But I think the real Tom and the crazy Tom you talk about are closer than you admit. I remember the real Tom. He wasn’t perfect. He could be rude. He was definitely depressed. The first week here you drove Emily insane. You…Tom, maybe the crazy-you is just what you want to do. Insanity might be the excuse.”
“Oh, really? I like stepping on glass and—and laughing until I puke?”
Tom hissed at Richard. The [Knight] sighed.
“That’s the [Clown]. But let’s not pretend you were completely…the Tom I know is cynical. Arrogant, at times.”
“Me?”
The young man looked offended. Richard thought he was getting to him and he nodded.
“Yes, you. You never tell anyone what you think, but you think you know what the smart answer is. Like becoming a [Clown] that can fight. You didn’t tell me. Any more than you told us that you thought the Fool was a traitor. You like being right. Also—you’re a bit racist.”
“What, me? I have tons of black friends! And other species too! I’m—I’m—how dare you! Hah!”
The [Clown] started giggling madly. Richard sighed.
“Tom, the first thing you said when I said I was going to be a [Knight] was, and I quote, ‘I don’t know if the world can handle a black-cowboy-[Knight], let alone a Muslim on a crusade!’ Remember saying that?”
“Maybe? I thought it was funny.”
“I’m sure you did. Tom, you weren’t ever perfect. I’m just asking whether being insane is sometimes convenient, even if it is more true than not.”
Tom refused to meet Richard’s eyes—and then turned and didn’t blink or lose eye-contact. He grinned wider and wider, exposing all of his teeth.
“Richard, Richard, Richard, Richard, Richard. You don’t really trust Hayvon and the Blighted King, do you? Do you? Look at me, Richard!”
Richard looked at him.
“The war against the Demons isn’t what we’re talking about, Tom.”
“It’s why we’re here, Richard. Do you think we’re on the right side? Really? Really? With Lord ‘let’s nuke the bastards’ Hayvon Operland?”
It always came back to this. Richard sighed. He nearly stood, but he was compelled to argue.
“They’re not perfect, Tom. But you’ve seen how vicious the Demons are. Or haven’t you seen all the things Hayvon’s been showing us? Those Vorepillars, the magic traps—the monsters?”
“Oh yes. The Demons do terrible things! Almost as bad as feeding the Fool to prisoners of war! Or executing the other ones in public! They do evil, so we can’t be evil. Is that your argument, Mister [Knight]? Richard?”
Tom giggled. And Richard had to reply carefully. Tom loved this argument. Everyone else had given up with him. Hayvon wouldn’t entertain it. The last time he’d invited Tom to dinner—two months ago—Tom had tried this. Hayvon had decked him and confined him to his rooms.
“They’ve tried to make peace with the Demons before.”
“So ‘they’ claim.”
“You can’t deny the Crelers, the monsters coming from the blight all come from Rhir and the Demons are protecting—”
“Get wise, Richard! This is just a war. No Demons! Just idiots on both sides!”
The [Clown] shrieked at him. Richard looked at him.
“So what are we supposed to do? Rebel? Run away? We’ve fought Crelers, Tom. Why are you fighting?”
“I have to kill someone, don’t I?”
The [Clown] avoided the question. He looked at Richard.
