7.34 C
Page 3
Another man bowed. Nereshal, the [Chronomancer], was the Blighted King’s most trusted confidant. An exceedingly powerful [Mage] who owed nothing to Wistram. Some had wondered if he was a match—or beyond a match—for Wistram’s Archmages. But Nereshal cared nothing for Wistram. He, like Othius, was bound to Rhir and the eternal war. The only one that mattered.
Now, though, Nereshal wore a pained expression. He shifted his posture and bowed up towards his [King]. Nereshal was actually short and slightly pudgy, typical of a man who cast spells all day and managed the castle. But his eyes had the look of a [Soldier]. And he bore scars on his arms and left hand to match.
“Your Majesty. I can only beg your forgiveness and also plead ignorance. Perhaps the summoning ritual was incomplete. Perhaps something interfered.”
“One of the Deathless?”
Nereshal’s face twisted.
“If it had been them, we would have known, I think. And of them—no, I do not think even the Death of Magic could have altered such a spell from afar and without being obvious. No one should have known of this.”
“But the Fool—”
Othius spat the name like a curse. The Fool, the traitor who had so nearly brought ruin to his kingdom months back! Nereshal bowed again.
“He had little knowledge, your Majesty. He was not there. That he discovered the truth later—does not change what occurred. Either we erred, or the spell was never perfect. It is clear to me now that the ten thousand lives produced a thousand…children from Earth. But instead of coming to their designation location, they were thrown across the world.”
He gestured to the map. The Blighted King regarded it.
“Exactly a thousand? Are you sure, Nereshal?”
The [Chronomancer]’s lips twitched in a bitter smile.
“Your Majesty. I am not, but I would bet on it. We only know of a fraction, but consider; if the others were spread across the world, they would run into monsters, those hostile towards Humans. Perhaps some were teleported into the depths of the sea, or the sky? Yes, I believe a thousand came. We would notice if ten times that number had.”
“So a tenth were given to Rhir. And it was a tenth again of what was spent. A hundreth was a waste of life, or so we felt. But now—we see. They are young, but they have the potential of slumbering Dragons in them.”
“The class, certainly, your Majesty.”
The Blighted King looked at the map.
“We would prefer champions. We would prefer the greatest of this—Earth. Some of their fantastical war machines. Plans. But if all that is sent is children…that is enough. They level in a year what has taken decades for others.”
The [Mage] made no response to that. The Blighted King looked around. His crown was heavy on his head. His skin worn. His eyes were pale grey-silver, like his hair. He looked faded. But that hatred peeked out again, making the irises flash.
“So. If it is possible to call them again, we deem it worth the cost. Even if it were…the same exchange.”
Ten unborn children lost, for every one potential hero, who levels at a rate unmatched. Someone else shuddered in that secret room.
“Your Majesty.”
“Do not stand. You are unworthy of it!”
Nereshal struck the speaker on his shoulders. The [Mage] collapsed. And the six [High Mages] who had been brought to this place remained on their knees.
The Blighted King looked at them. Traitors, all. They had cast the summoning ritual and fled when he demanded a repeat of the process. His gaze moved across three men and three women. The last of them he stared at.
