7.34 C
Page 11
Magic. The entire mansion was like that. Richard undid a clasp on his armor and the magic anticipated him, taking the armor off as well towards his room. Some kind of magical servant spell. Richard vaguely looked around.
“A glass of water? Please.”
One found him as he walked about the mansion. Richard accepted the floating glass and sipped from it. It tasted vaguely of something spicy. Which was how Rhir’s people liked to flavor water to make it the equivalent of a lemon and water. Weird, but far from the weirdest thing. Invisible magical servant-spells sort of beat that.
The one thing the spell didn’t do was show Richard where to find people. So he wandered for a good four minutes before he heard a familiar voice.
“Eddy, I swear to fucking god, if you tell me to make a sword out of this one more time, I’ll kill you.”
“Come on, Keith! I’ll pay you.”
“With what, the money Hayvon gives us? Let go. Hey, I said—”
A scuffle. Down one of the rich hallways, Richard saw a door blow open and two young men emerged. One was shouting, face red and sunburned; the other was faster. More nimble; certainly more fit. He dashed down the corridor.
“Richard! He’s got—”
The [Knight] saw Eddy, or Edward, the [Spellblade], try to blur around him. But the [Knight] was faster. He grabbed Eddy’s arm and yanked him back.
“Richard, let go, let g—”
The block of metal in Eddy’s hands tumbled out of his grip. Richard saw it and grabbed; his [Heightened Reflexes] allowed him to snag the block of metal.
It was light. Richard blinked, and Keith charged after Eddy.
“You bastard!”
Eddy whirled and put up his fists. Keith froze and Richard grabbed Eddy.
“Eddy, put your hands down.”
“Hey, he started it. You want to go, Keith?”
Edward made a jab and Keith recoiled. The [Inferno Smith] backed up, warily. Not without reason; Edward, or ‘Eddy’, was a [Warrior]-[Mage] who’d recently consolidated. And Keith, despite his [Blacksmith] class, had no strength-enhancing Skills. If the two got into a scrap, like Richard’s fellow Earthers sometimes did, there was no doubt who’d end up bruised and bleeding.
“Knock it off, Eddy. Keith can’t fight you and you know it.”
“Hey, he—”
“You stole this. This is just bullying, Eddy.”
The two [Warriors] glared at each other for a second. Eddy was flushed; he didn’t like being lectured by Richard, who was only two years older. But the younger man was on a bit of a power trip of late. Richard let go and Eddy backed up.
“I don’t need this. I’m off.”
He stomped away. Keith flipped him off from behind and turned to Richard.
“Thanks, Richard. Eddy wanted me to make him a titanium sword. As if that would do shit. He’s already got a magic one and this is my only crucible steel.”
He gestured to the billet. Richard regarded it.
“So you actually got it made?”
“Of course! It’s been disgusting, trying to get the heat up in a proper smelter for it to melt. But we finally got it. Took eight different [Mages] and a lot of money…but that’s titanium. Uh—I don’t know how we’re going to hammer the stuff. But I told you!”
Keith beamed. Not all of the Americans—the group summoned to Rhir—were warriors. Or Americans. Edward, like Richard, was a [Hero], someone with the class who’d decided to fight the Demons. Keith was someone who’d lost the class; he hadn’t wanted to kill.
But that didn’t mean he was useless. And now that they had resources and Lord Hayvon’s support, he was proving it. Richard grinned.
“So we can make titanium armor? And weapons?”
