7.34 C
Page 16
“Ah. Not magical, then. Don’t worry; this blade could cut mithril. But this is good metal! And if there is more of it than mithril, we will use it. Odd…it reminds me of Dwarfsteel. The same look, although lighter. I wonder if they’ve discovered your metal and call it that?”
“If it is—”
Lord Hayvon’s thoughtful look turned good-natured. He clapped Richard on the shoulder, firmly.
“Don’t worry, Sir Richard! If it is the same metal, I should be all the more delighted since it leaves us less reliant on Deríthal-Vel forges! I will inform his Majesty and ask the royal [Blacksmiths] to investigate the metal. And I will prepare a suitable gift for Keith as well as whatever his Majesty sees fit to bestow.”
“Keith will be delighted. He’s worked for long hours on it.”
Richard smiled. Lord Hayvon squeezed his shoulder and looked at the younger man. They were very different, in skin tone, temperament, and certainly background. Even faith—Richard was Muslim and the gods were dead to Hayvon.
But the [Lord] had a fond look in his eyes as he patted Richard on the shoulder. And a sad one.
“Ah, Richard. We erred greatly in dismissing you from the courts and leaving you to fight Demons. His Majesty is insightful, but his wroth and his disappointment clouded our judgments. Look at you now. I would that my son followed your example.”
“Your son, Lord Hayvon? We’ve never met him.”
The [Lord]’s expression clouded.
“He serves duty on 3rd Wall. Not far; but he is learning and I have no desire to unfairly influence his career. He is your age, Richard. A good son, but…lacking. I am his Majesty’s foremost [Lord] in all things. My son must carry my mantle. I worry if he will rise to the heights I dream of for him.”
For a moment, Richard saw Hayvon’s unguarded face, the worry on the father’s expression. Then he was smiling again.
“You have my thanks, Sir Richard. Was there anything else?”
“No, Lord Hayvon.”
“I see. Then we shall dine tonight and speak later then. I ask your pardon, but I must correspond about the 5th wall.”
And that was that. Richard left the office. He wondered if after dinner and a drink Lord Hayvon would listen to his request. The [Knight] walked down the hallways.
“Richard! Richard, did you ask—”
Emily found him after one corridor. She’d been peeking around, waiting for him to come out. The [Knight] sighed.
“Not yet, Emily. Hayvon’s busy.”
“But—”
“He heard your request, Emily. You shouldn’t have bugged him.”
The [Knight] saw the young woman from Minnesota glower at him. Emily was pretty, intelligent—the best [Mage] of the group—and determined to get her way.
“We have to ask, Richard. There are others! Out there!”
She pointed. Richard nodded.
“I know. I’ll ask after dinner when he’s in a good mood. But I’ll run it by Tom. Is he in his rooms?”
Emily’s face froze over. She looked at Richard.
“Why do you have to ask him?”
“Tom’s smart.”
“He’s insane. And he’s growing crazier. He keeps saying ‘other Tom’ wants to kill Demons.”
Richard sighed.
“I bet he does. But he’s still one of us, Emily. From Earth. Do you want to vis—”
“No. No—you go ahead. I’ll see you at dinner. I have to practice my spells. I’m trying to make Water Elementals.”
The [Hydromancer] backed up. She conjured a blob of water which waggled a tendril at Richard. He sighed, but there was no talking around Emily. He wished she wasn’t so…strident. But his group of Earthers were just people from Earth, with nothing else besides their nation of origin in most cases to bind them.
