7.34 C
Page 15
Richard raised his eyebrows. Flos had seemed like the reincarnation of war itself. But Lord Hayvon Operland smiled like a wolf.
“I would bet he is lower-level. King Othius has ruled for centuries.”
“I know that. But Lord Hayvon—why didn’t his Majesty fight the Demons back when they attacked—”
Hayvon’s face changed and Richard closed his mouth. Mention of the Fool’s betrayal still enraged Lord Hayvon. There could be no greater crime; Hayvon himself had ordered the Fool’s body cut up and fed to Demons.
Not dogs, which would have been bad enough. The prisoners of the Blighted Kingdom. It was just a reminder…the man standing in front of Richard was capable of many things. Generosity and—the [Lord] replied curtly.
“Any one of King Othius’ Skills can change the course of a war, Sir Richard. That he did not use them in the surprise attack at the palace was intentional. If he had, we might have lost valuable ground.”
“Really? Even with the Demons weakened and these Deathless…?”
Hayvon bared his teeth.
“You have never seen his Majesty’s higher-level Skills, Sir Richard. So I forgive you the unintended slight. I hope you never have cause to see them except in victory…you see, the Demon King and his minions have equally powerful Skills. His Deathless are powerful—not as powerful as the Blighted King, but earth-shatteringly so. Yet his Majesty could slay them if they were unguarded. But if he were to waste even a handful of Skills—”
“A stalemate.”
Richard understood that. Mutually assured destruction. He explained the idea to Hayvon and the man nodded.
“Except that we should love nothing more than to use his Majesty’s Skills if it didn’t risk weakening us for a counterattack. If his Majesty had been forced to defend himself with, say, six of his grandest Skills—and he would have likely needed to use only one—he would have been unable to use them for a day, a week, a month—and the Demons would have capitalized on it.”
He glared at a map of Rhir and pointed.
“At worst, we might have lost the 5th wall or seen it set back decades. It was an attack meant to bait the Skill, as well as aim for his throat. Incidentally—if we had but one of your mass-destruction weapons, I should love to use it. Salting the earth doesn’t stop the Demons from growing crops, but I should like to try with your world’s weapons.”
The statement chilled Richard.
“I don’t know that you’d say that if you knew what the weapons did, Lord Hayvon.”
The man looked up, surprised. He actually considered the statement and shrugged.
“Perhaps. But since they cannot be made, or so you say, I will abide with steel and sorcery. Speaking of which…you mentioned you had news? This talk of the King of Destruction waylaid us.”
“Oh. Right! This is what Keith came up with. He finally figured out how to smelt—”
Richard pulled the titanium out and put it on the desk. Hayvon’s eyes widened.
“So that’s what it is? Remarkable! Titanium! It was but powder when we gave it to him.”
“That’s what it looks like. But this is the stuff from our world. Keith’s confident he can make more.”
“I see. May I…?”
Hayvon hesitated, with a healthy respect for magical metals before Richard gave him the nod. Then the [Lord] picked up the metal, marveling at the lightness. He tapped it, and then to Richard’s dismay, produced a dagger and sliced a chunk off the metal.
