7.34 C
Page 31
She noticed it among Rhir’s [Soldiers], the ones standing on duty close to the walls. There was a lot of space though, and behind tactical fallback lines on the massive battlements as she went touring, Cirille saw a few more marks of corruption.
An odd color of eye there. A patch of changed skin, like Quiteil, or something more extreme. One woman’s face didn’t move as she laughed with the others while leaning on a bow. It had turned to something like glass.
“Ugh. How can anyone live here? I’m glad we’re gone after the year, Commander. Imagine if I started growing fur? Or skin?”
“Shut it, Captain Shellc. Don’t cause trouble with the Gnolls.”
“I won’t if they don’t shed on me, Commander. But I don’t envy you having to deal with them, especially that arrogant…”
Captain Shellc groused as he marched in formation after Commander Cirille. The officers followed the commander. She looked around. And she saw on this stretch of wall, one of the major roads heading north to the front lines—
The irregulars.
It seemed officers were the only ones allowed on the walls, or smaller detachments at most. 4th Wall was a tight ship but it still allowed the soldiers to move about, socialize; there were even places for them to drill, exercise, relax deeper in the fortress-wall. But the open air of the 4th wall was appealing.
Cirille looked up, into clear skies, turning grayer the further she went towards Demon lands. In the distance, past the curving wall lay the sea. Too far to see, but the fresh air blowing towards her reminded her how small Rhir was compared to Izril. And yet—
It began to rain. Cirille got one drop in the eye.
“Damn.”
Ossky cursed with a flash of light. The Drakes groaned as the skies opened up. Cirille stomped towards an overhang; a tower mounted with a catapult. The Drakes had supplied the designs. Or the Minotaurs.
“Damn. This is just what we need! Marching in this is going to be hell on the equipment, Commander!”
Shellc groused. Ossky nodded; she preferred not to speak if necessary. The Drakes huddled as it poured in an instant. Hot rain too; Rhir was weird.
“Don’t worry. This is just a flash-shower. It’ll clear up in a moment.”
A voice from the left made the Drakes turn. A woman was sitting on a little footrest of stone at the base of the tower. She hadn’t moved; she’d been in cover before the rain began. Now, it dripped down, landing on the brim of her black hat.
“Excuse me?”
“It’s stopping in five minutes. This is a [Flash Rain] spell. Someone must want water. You get used to it. Rhir’s smart about rain. See? Quiteil notified every one of the change. He never lets anything slide.”
The Human woman nodded across the tower. Other groups had already taken shelter and the [Soldiers] were sheltering from the rain. Cirille blinked.
“Huh. Er—we didn’t hear about it.”
“You must have taken his time up. He tells everyone else. You can’t interrupt him when he speaks. But you have to get used to him.”
“I see.”
Cirille blushed as her officers glanced sideways at her. She cleared her throat.
“You must be one of the officers.”
The woman glanced up. She had something in her hands, Cirille saw. And she’d been adjusting it with a set of metal tools. She raised a hand in greeting as Cirille edged over; the clouds were already beginning to let up the downpour, as the woman had said.
“The Hunter’s Guild’s finest.”
