7.34 C
Page 45
“No, but we are valuable irregulars. Relax, Commander. We’ll see combat. The monsters are coming out of Monarch’s Pass.”
It was there, in the distance, barely a speck on the horizon. Cirille met with the Bastion-General. She deployed her troops.
“Chief Warrior Merish, when it comes to fighting, we clearly need to train together. For now, we’re separate forces with a similar goal, but we’ll be here for months together. Can you muster your warriors for exercises and join me for strategic planning?”
“Yes, Commander Cirille.”
The Gnoll growled. He still didn’t like the situation, but both armies were more comfortable after seeing their commanders able to work together. Still—there had been four incidents already between the Walled City’s forces and the Gnolls.
“Heads up. Looks like we don’t have time to practice our combined formations!”
Huntress Delezza strode down the wall. Since all the irregulars were grouped together, they’d be planning how to best deploy; for instance, Ser Vorn’s [Knights] were mounted and ready to reinforce any group that got in trouble, but the combined armies could benefit from, say Gnoll [Archers] to aid the relatively weaker Lizardfolk [Slingers]. Cirille blinked.
“What’s happening, Huntress Delezza?”
“The Blighted King’s Champions are coming.”
She shouted back. Cirille was confused. The who? She turned to Merish.
“Who are the champions? Named Adveturers?”
The Gnoll gave her an odd look.
“No. You should know, Commander Cirille. Is this Drake humor?”
“Not at all. I’ve never met the Champions.”
He snorted.
“You did. They fought at the same ambush with the Demons. Or did you never see them?”
The [Commander]’s eyes widened.
“Wait. You mean—officers! To attention!”
And there they came. Cirille saw nearly a hundred elite warriors, wearing enchanted weapons, escorting a group of Humans. She stared down at them. She thought she recognized the one with dark skin—the [Knight] with the odd hat.
“Is that Sir Richard?”
“Wait, from the palace? Small world, huh?”
Captain Shellc blinked down at the [Knight] as a cheer came from Rhir’s defenders. Mage-Captain Hetarria—the regulars on the wall—they seemed to know him.
“The Champions are taking to the front!”
Someone shouted. Cirille blinked. Sir Richard had come up in the world. She’d understood his group had been returning from some kind of disgrace. But before she could peer longer, she heard another shout.
“There! The Gloomless Troupe. And the Clown of Rhir.”
The [Commander]’s head slowly turned. And to the side—following the elite soldiers riding in formation, she heard laughter.
And faintly—an annoying little song. It filled the air, drowning out the cheers. The [Soldiers] fell silent. The Drakes, Gnolls, irregulars, stared. They listened.
They were giggling. Laughing. Guffawing. Hysterically, hundreds of them. They danced or cartwheeled, all in such colorful clothing that they looked like what they were.
Targets.
Madmen. Madwomen, of every species but mostly Human. Young, again, mostly. They frolicked around a central figure. Cirille’s eyes were drawn to him.
“Sir Tom?”
She saw a laughing face. Too wide-eyes. A slashing hand; one of the other…[Clowns] fell away, bleeding. But the others laughed as if it was some big game. They were armed with daggers, swords, edged weapons. Clubs.
“The Gloomless Troupe. Haven’t you heard? It’s a group of imitators. And that’s the real thing.”
Huntress Delezza stared down at the cavorting crowd with disgust. She checked her crossbows.
