7.34 C
Page 37
Delezza murmured. Cirille had to admit—that was mobility. He’d be far better going up steep slopes than any horseback rider, and perhaps more agile than a flier.
“Come on, Commander! You have to meet our commander! I bet you get to play cards tonight! We can be friends!”
Viri landed and beckoned to Cirille. The Drake Commander followed him out of curiosity. But the other Drakes were still annoyed. Something about Lizardfolk just rubbed Drakes the wrong way.
“Figures. Lizards. Only good for scouting and running away. We could chop them up in a real engagement. I—ulp—”
Captain Shellc was grousing as he pushed past the milling Lizardfolk after Cirille. Someone heard him. The Lizardfolk scattered as a figure rumbled. Cirille saw them part and—
An eight—nine—foot tall serpent-man reared up. He drew a pair of scimitars as the Drakes stared up. And Cirille saw more slithering figures rising from the hitherto-short group of Lizards. They’d been lying down or coiled up, enjoying the sun.
Scales like armor. And a predatory gaze completely different from the friendly Lizardman. The huge serpent-warrior hissed.
“Who wants to chop us up, little thing?”
When he opened his mouth, Cirille noticed fangs dripping with venom. Captain Shellc looked up. A scimitar pointed at him.
“Commander! Commander Uxel! They’re friends!”
The commander of the Lizardfolk hissed. His tongue flicked out.
“Drakes. You walk among us and utter rude threats?”
“I apologize on behalf of my subordinate, Commander Uxel. I’m Commander Cirille.”
The Drake [Commander] saluted. The giant serpent-man swung his head down to her.
“You?”
“That’s right. I understand we’re all going to 5th Wall.”
“Yes.”
It was a hiss. The giant Lizardfolk looked at Shellc and Cirille. He glowered, but then sheathed his scimitars.
“Utter no more rudeness. I am resting, Viri. Wake me for food. I will see you, Commander Cirille. Cards.”
He coiled back up. The Lizardman waved at Cirille as she pulled Shellc back. The Drake kept his mouth shut. He was pale; Viri seemed to think the meeting had gone well.
“See you, Commander!”
The two Drakes backed up. The other officers were watching from afar. Ossky stared at the giant serpents, now hidden among the Lizardfolk again.
“What was—what kind of Lizardperson was that?”
“That. Was a Gorgon.”
Captain Shellc looked at Cirille’s grim expression. He pointed with a trembling claw.
“They’re bigger than even Oldbloods!”
“Yes. They are. So do me a favor, Captain Shellc? Shut up about the Lizards.”
 
—-
 
After that, Captain Shellc went back to lie down, which was wise. Cirille stood on the walls a while longer. There wasn’t much to do on 4th Wall for the irregulars besides train and follow deployment orders. Which made sense.
War was about waiting, and the war with Demons was very, extremely, mind-numbingly boring except when it wasn’t. To pass the time, Cirille walked down the wall. And you could walk for miles and miles. Hell, you could march down the entire wall unbroken all the way from shore to shore.
An odd thought. Cirille liked walls, but the idea that these walls were actually larger than her Walled City in total space? That was a…hard thought.
Even so, the other species were interesting. But Cirille still felt…lost. She was a Drake. She had lived among Drakes all her life. True, she had been used to the capital and being the odd species out, but it still felt weird. There were so many Drakes back home. And here—
The [Commander] was wandering past another group of [Soldiers] when something caught her eyes.
