7.34 C
Page 41
She slapped the glowing card down as she shouted. The glowing letters exploded upwards. Blackness engulfed the table.
Shouts. Merish had been ready; Ser Vorn and Uxel had been looking suspiciously at Delezza. The [Huntress] and the Garuda commander disappeared.
Cirille waited. She heard scuffling and then five seconds later—the blackness vanished. Sucked back into the card. Everyone sat at the table, calm as could be.
The way the game was played was that you anted in. Then you grabbed money from the ‘pot’, the center of the table when someone used the Del card. Now—Cirille looked around.
Who had been fast enough to grab what? She was looking for the biggest offender. Cirille took only one second.
“…Delezza.”
The [Huntress] sighed. She tossed three copper coins onto the table. And then six more from her pot. Cirille cursed.
“Who got them all?”
Merish smirked as he revealed the bulk of the coins. Ser Vorn, Uxel, and the Garuda cursed. The others tossed their cards in.
“I don’t get it. The point is to use one of the magical cards to steal money? And the person who is pointed at has to give the money back.”
“Three times as much. It almost always means the one with the ‘Del’ card comes out ahead, even if they don’t get the winner. But you can bankrupt another player. No wonder you said copper coins, Commander Cirille.”
Delezza sighed as Cirille added the coins to her pile. The others nodded. They were using a standard deck, with enchanted and non-enchanted cards, but they were playing an Izrilian game; Cirille had suggested it.
“Trust Drakes to come up with a game involving stealing.”
Uxel flicked his tongue out.
“Commander Uxel, it is a fun game. And there is more to do than shout ‘Del’.”
Ser Vorn smiled, checking his cards. Instantly, half the table folded. The [Knight] looked around.
“What? But I didn’t even say—”
“You must have the ‘Reve’ card, Ser Vorn. You need to work on your card-face.”
Delezza laughed as the rest folded. The bright ‘Reve’ card would illuminate ‘Del’, and anyone caught sneaking would have to pay however much was left in the pot to the one who’d played it. Each.
The game was indeed about making other people suffer. It was also physical, and Merish enjoyed it more than the other variants of the game. The cards—magical and non-magical and delicately laminated on bits of wood were also expensive. Cirille had a deck, but you had to put down a lot of gold for a fully-enchanted deck like the one Delezza had.
“I’m tired of grabbing coins. Especially since Lacten smashes my fingers. Anyone up for Kraken’s Trench?”
One of the Humans from northern Izril complained. He named the most popular sea-based card game. The others shrugged.
“We can’t just leave. I’d be stripped of my command. But my [Soldiers] won’t like it. They might get into brawls. We’re going to have to crack the whip. How are you fine with the undead?”
“Beats Crelers.”
Someone spoke casually. The others nodded. Ser Vorn bit his lip; Delezza smiled. Cirille trusted Merish’s nose and ears; when he folded in the first pass, she did too.
“Is no one worried that the undead will run amok? A Bone Behemoth could kill hundreds if it goes wild!”
“Ailendamus is no stranger to using dangerous…beasts, Commander Cirille. We employ War Hydras. I share your concerns, but perhaps when you see a Demon Giant, you will reconsider.”
Ser Vorn carefully matched Delezza’s bet, and lost three gold coins at the end of it. The [Knight] took it in good humor, though. He was actually a very even-tempered fellow with a good sense of humor.
