7.34 C
Page 42
“Snake slaves. Bah. But I agree. You stayed in the capital. I have seen a Demon Giant once. Enough. I say let the undead die instead of my warriors.”
Uxel narrowed his serpentine eyes at Cirille. He seemed to hate Drakes more than Cirille objected to Lizardfolk. Either that, or he’d taken Shellc’s threats very personally. The Commander flushed.
“It was my posting.”
“No judgment. Well—except that the Walled Cities sent infantry. The [Generals] probably didn’t want half of them to get wiped out and have to explain that. Same with the Gnolls.”
A Centaur [Lancer] spoke up cheerfully. Merish and Cirille looked around at the sudden silence.
“Surely you have to be kidding. Our formations are trained to fight any number of foes.”
The Drake glanced about the table. Few people met her eyes. Delezza sighed.
“It’s not about training. I’m sure Drakes won’t waver. And I’ve seen their spear-charges. Very effective. But Demons don’t fight fair. Your neat formations will march and won’t rout as a Demon Giant shoots arrows the size of your soldiers at you. Rhir prefers the other nations giving them resources over soldiers since soldiers tend to die. We’re all heading up together to be safe. Well—we are valuable. Look at it that way. We’re not going to be sent deep into Demon territory.”
Cirille clenched one hand. She didn’t even think; just folded.
“It’s not right. I came here to fight.”
“So did we all. But this war is not won by fighting. The 5th Wall must be defended. When it is done, the Blighted Kingdom expands. It is a different kind of war than I prefer, but one I respect.”
Ser Vorn’s words were that of a seasoned commander. The others nodded respectfully. Lacten shrugged.
“Walls. I came to fight Demons and test what I learned.”
“And have you learned much, friend Lacten?”
Merish glanced up. The [Martial Artist] smiled.
“Some. I’ve learned my weaknesses, which is more valuable. Upon my return, I will teach what I’ve learned. I will challenge the Strongest of Pomle, then. Though I have little chance of victory. I have not seen Demon Giants.”
“I’ve heard of them. Are they common? How do you fight them?”
Cirille was trying to learn tactics as well as be friendly with the others. A half-Elf—Springwaters—raised one eyebrow. He was graying; a master of over a hundred and forty years.
“With arrows. From afar. Has anyone seen the Nomads of the Sky? On the scrying orb?”
The others nodded. Springwaters took a sip as he anted up.
“Well then. You aim for their eyes. But the Demons don’t waste their Giants. Even they have few. Most you’ll see are archers. Or scouts.”
“Scouts?”
“Yes. They watch, and then run away. Giants can be fast. And it’s hard to kill that kind of scout.”
“It seems…cowardly. I heard Demons were fierce warriors without quarter.”
Merish grumbled. Cirille nodded. She checked her next deck and brightened. Winning hand. She tried to conceal her expression.
“Fold.”
Uxel instantly put down his cards. Cirille narrowed her eyes before she could stop herself; she had the feeling he was reading body temperatures!
“Fold. I’ve got nothing. Bad night for luck.”
Delezza might have her own Skills. She twitched one eye at Cirille; the others didn’t. The Drake swept the table.
“Demons have limits on how many soldiers they have. If you’ve heard of them pouring into a breach without end—that’s their fodder. Their elites, like the Fearless, are still safeguarded for big pushes. They like using monsters. You’ll see. 5th Wall, the section we’re deployed to, is nearly opposite Monarch’s Pass.”
“Monarch’s Pass?”
