7.34 C
Page 1
He did not know of the United Nations company. Any more than Inkar knew of Liscor or The Wandering Inn. Xavier yawned and slapped at an oversized mosquito come for his blood. And he thought he’d seen the weirdest bugs in his country, Peru. But home didn’t have teleporting mosquitos.
 
—-
 
Chandrar. Trey Atwood rode with two [Mages] from Parasol Stroll, far from Reim and Jecrass. He was learning from them. They were…on a mission. And thus incognito.
Mirin had put away her umbrella, as had Fellif. Neither Ulyse nor Grand Mage Esiela could be spared, but they had both written scrolls and Trey’s magical instruction was progressing fast.
But the majority of his advancement had happened in one moment, in a corner of a room and in a pool of blood. It disturbed Mirin, and Fellif, Trey could tell.
“The Quarass understands the power of Skills. In her way—she taught you more than we have thus far.”
Fellif murmured one day on their journey. Trey looked at him. The [Mage] glanced sideways at something on the pony Trey was riding.
A mini-Gazi stared back at him. The sand that made her was red. Lifeblood sand. And the details on the Golem were enhanced. The Golem even seemed…more aware than the primitive constructs Trey had made before.
“The Quarass is also cruel.”
Trey felt at his throat. Mirin nodded.
“But efficient. At least, you will not fall behind any others for the quality of your Skills, Trey. Now again—we practice. Try casting without sight or speech.”
She offered him the blindfold and Trey sighed.
At the same time as they rode south, towards a port-city in Nerrhavia Fallen, Rémi Canada was organizing another newspaper.
“The thing is—Wistram does not own a monopoly on the news. Give me the resources and I will make a newspaper for Chandrar. Izril is not the center of the world. Nor is Wistram. And multiple newspapers are an inevitability.”
The [Journalist] offered a sample to the group of [Merchants], the [Mayor], and the other interested parties.
“Another newspaper can focus on Chandrarian affairs and present the news in another light. Nothing is unbiased—but that is the point of diversifying sources of news. If there is only one newspaper, or two, they can be controlled. So. Do I have your confidence?”
 
—-
 
Terandria. The [Popstar] opened the door of her personal trailer and saw the two Wistram [Mages] standing there. They bowed.
“Miss Cara? We’re from—”
She slammed the door and locked it. The two [Mages] started. They were from the Libertarian faction. After an exchange of looks, the two waited for the door to reopen.
It did not. But the same day, the Griffin Prince of Kaliv listened to Lillian.
“We know where she is. It’s not impossible to travel to Izril. Especially with Griffins.”
“They can’t cross the sea unaided. At least—not mounted. And Ailendamus is close to declaring war. I can’t leave.”
The former [Bandit]-[Murderer] glanced up at the Griffin Prince.
“Well, I can.”
He sat there, and his gaze was far away.
“It was not Wiskeria’s fault.”
“Good. Then I won’t kill her. But she has to fix this. Don’t you want to be free of your curse?”
And to that, he had no reply, for the answer was obvious to them both.
 
—-
 
Izril. Baleros. Chandrar. Terandria. And not even there. There were people from Earth. Even at the edge of the world.
Solca Vis lay dreaming.
 
—-
 
So many people. All from Earth. Scattered across the world. And in small and large ways they were changing the world around them.
