7.34 C
Page 22
“You get your shiny Boots of Flight from Hayvon, and he makes you a hero and gives you all favors. But at the end of the day, we’re all just weapons. He says it about me. You’re the same. He’d kill his own son if that meant ending the war tomorrow. Is that your great leader, Richard? Do you want to follow him?”
“Lord Hayvon is…a soldier, Tom. He may be ruthless. But he isn’t needlessly violent or cruel. You are, at times.”
“So? So? You come here, lecturing me—”
The [Clown] shuddered and began rocking back and forth. He looked at Richard, his face twisted with fury.
“No one’s right, Richard. No one’s a good guy. Not in this war. The sooner you realize this, and that you’re a prisoner, the sooner you’ll see it my way.”
The [Knight] felt a prick of anger. But that was why he came back. To keep debating Tom, even if they just ran in circles. He stood up, wearier than he had been from the hunt from this argument. He walked back towards the door and turned. Tom stared at him, suppressing laughter. Richard spoke tiredly.
“That might be true. I’m doing what I think is right and what I think we can do to stick together and survive, Tom. But even if no one’s a good guy—it doesn’t mean you have to be—that.”
He gestured at Tom. The [Clown] blinked. And then he began laughing.
Richard closed the door. But the [Clown] laughed and laughed, even when the door muffled it. Richard was sure.
Was Tom right? Sometimes, Richard wondered. That night, he sat with Lord Hayvon, dining on venison prepared by a [Chef]. The other Americans joined them, some casually, others dining formally, like Emily.
Some were warriors. Others, like Keith, Chole, helped in their own ways. Some did nothing, like Cynthia.
They were still his people. From Earth. Richard sat there, as Lord Hayvon spoke.
“The 4th Wall is redeploying troops. I plan on inspecting the walls; I will not take to the front. However, I would appreciate it if you took Sir Tom to the 5th Wall, Sir Richard. Just for a day or two. To train.”
Training. That was what he called fighting the Demons or monsters. Richard looked up and he felt a momentary tension at the table. Emily glanced up and Keith froze. But fighting monsters wasn’t even unusual. Vincent just glanced up and nodded.
“Sounds fine.”
It wasn’t the life-or-death fights of before. They would have heavy escorts and be safe in leveling. It had slowed Richard’s development, but he was too important to lose. Even Tom would be monitored.
“Of course, Lord Hayvon. But about Emily’s proposal…”
Emily and the others sat up. Lord Hayvon glanced at Richard.
“Finding your friends? Certainly, his Majesty desires that very much, Sir Richard. We will make an effort to locate them.”
“And bring them here? To Rhir? Perhaps, Lord Hayvon, one of us could go out and—find them? Make contact? Or even go out and…? Rest? For a little bit?”
Emily spoke up eagerly. Lord Hayvon glanced at her. Richard bit his lip. Emily wanted to leave Rhir. Go to Terandria, or somewhere else, or even Wistram. But the odds of that were—
“That would be trickier, Miss Emily. However—his Majesty may allow it. But until we have found a sufficient place, we must move slowly.”
The others looked up. Richard frowned over his cut of meat.
“What place?”
Lord Hayvon smiled. And his eyes flickered towards the hallway where Tom had been.
