7.34 C
Page 46
“They’re going to fight. Both that [Knight] and those…adventurers? The Champions. And the [Clown]. I take it you know them?”
“I met them. I didn’t know they were so…famous. But that group—they don’t even have armor. They’ll be slaughtered.”
“Yup.”
The [Huntress] shrugged as Cirille looked at her.
“Don’t worry. They’ll get support to make sure their leader doesn’t die. But I’ve seen them fight. They charge the enemy and hack at each other until one side’s dead or the other. They’re as bad as Fearless. I’ll say this—they level fast. Some of them are dangerous. Especially the [Clown]. They’ve charged Crelers before. Waves of them.”
Insane. Cirille felt her scales itch as she stared down at Tom. He was laughing; she didn’t think he’d stopped to draw breath. She shivered.
“Are you going to say hello?”
“No, I…perhaps Sir Richard.”
The Drake wondered if he’d even remember her. Tom…she wondered. But the [Clown], as he approached the walls, ignoring the delegation including the Bastion-General waiting to reach Richard, was making for the gates that led beyond the temporary 5th wall.
He was looking up at her. Cirille froze as Tom shouted.
“Is that Commander Cirille? It is a good day to kill people at random!”
He pointed and laughed. The Drake blanched; every head in earshot, and that was everyone, was looking at her.
“Is…that you, Sir Tom?”
“Call me the Clown of Rhir. Hello, Commander! Are you here to die?”
“Not if I can help it.”
The Drake saw Tom making for the walls, completely ignoring protocol. She didn’t know if she should refuse to speak to him—but he was laughing.
“You’d make a fine crazy person. And here’s the grumpy [Huntress]! Hey, have you killed enough Demons to avenge your husband and kids? How many is enough? Riddle me—whoops!”
Delezza cocked her crossbow and Tom stopped. A bunch of [Clowns]—[Jesters]—whatever their class ran into him from behind. They collapsed in a stupid pile.
It was like watching Lizardpeople. Only, it wasn’t even remotely funny. They had too-pale faces. Their eyes were too wide. And they laughed hysterically at a joke only they knew about.
“Get off! Get off!”
Tom slashed with his knife. The others leapt away, giggling. Cirille saw her officers staring. Merish looked stunned.
“They’re so weird.”
Viri spoke up, a bit too loud. Tom’s eyes darted left. He giggle uncontrollably.
“It’s just war. It’s what I’m good at. I thought you were sensible, Cirille. You should go home. Or you’ll turn into Delezza. A good soldier for the war.”
“I’m off.”
The [Huntress] walked away from Tom, without even bothering to acknowledge him. The [Clown] waved at her.
“She shot me once, you know. I kept asking about her family. Hilarious.”
“Sir Tom. You’ve…changed.”
Since last she saw him? She remembered seeing him after the Fool’s betrayal. But this man was—he looked at her. And she felt like someone had pushed a spoon through his pupils and hollowed out his soul. The [Clown] looked back and Cirille glanced away.
“You’ll die here, Cirille. You should leave. You’re not crazy enough to survive. I am. I’m so crazy death doesn’t want me. And Richard—he’s a hero. But you’re just a good person. Good people die here.”
The words were calm. And because they were so calm, they were the scariest words out of his mouth yet. Cirille turned.
“I have a duty, Sir Tom. I believe the Bastion-General wants to speak with you.”
Indeed, Richard and the others were glaring up and shouting at Tom. The [Clown] edged forwards as his posse spread out.
