7.34 C
Page 24
For a second the [Commander] just stared at the speaking stone. But military discipline made her reach for her report.
“I—I—the [Quartermaster] reports…two hundred spare spears…steel…”
“Spearheads, Commander Cirille. Not replacement weapons.”
“I don’t know, Bastion-General.”
“Find out.”
Cirille ran. She didn’t know why she was running, but four minutes later the [Quartermaster] had an answer.
“Rough count is eighty two, Bastion-General.”
“Good. Report the [Captains] under your command in alphabetical order.”
The Drake did so. The voice on the other end, Bastion-General Quiteil, the person in charge of the entire 4th Wall asked her four more questions, from her station to her reported level as [Commander] to the last officer who had made contact via the speaking stone.
“Bastion-General, what is the matter?”
Cirille finally asked after the fourth question. She was a Drake, and military discipline had been beaten into her at Manus, her home city. But this was odd. Her entire command, ten thousand Drakes, were ready for a fight. But all she’d gotten were these questions.
“Your responses were adequate, Commander Cirille. This was a test of readiness and identity. There is no emergency at this moment.”
“No…”
Cirille stared dumbly at the stone. Captain Shellc’s eyes bulged. Even among Drakes, this was insane. The Bastion-General had turned out an entire division of Drakes for…?
“Say again, Bastion-General?”
“Your troops are to report to 4th Wall in two days, Commander Cirille. You will be moved to the front. Coordinate with Citadel-General Delken for provisions and your route.”
Silence. Cirille stared at the stone. Slowly, she sat down.
“What do we…? Should I tell the division to stand down, Commander?”
“Yes. Do that, Captain Shellc. And get everyone some rest. We’re being redeployed.”
Cirille supposed that was why she’d been contacted. A readiness test. They’d been in the capital a long time and Rhir’s defenders never lost their slack. She could admire that.
Even so, she’d been—the Drake passed a claw over her face. Then she handed the stone to Captain Shellc, realized she was in her undergarments, sheathed her sword, and sat down.
She heard Captain Shellc restoring order. Cirille lay down, suddenly weary. It took her a long time to get to sleep as the adrenaline left her. Two more hours, in fact. She was dozing as the sun rose when—
“Commander! Message from High Command!”
“What!?”
The door blew open. Captain Shellc barged into the room. Cirille snatched the stone.
“Commander Cirille, reporting!”
“Commander, this is Bastion-General Quiteil. 4th Wall. My code is…”
A new code was recited. Cirille fumbled for her second code. She messed it up and had to correct herself. The Bastion-General paused.
“Commander Cirille, name your superior officer in Manus.”
“I…I report to Spearmaster Lulv for matters of military communication, sir. The [Strategist] on duty otherwise.”
“Acceptable. That is all, Commander Cirille.”
“That’s all?”
No response. Cirille sat there in her bed. She put her head in her claws. Shellc stared at his [Commander].
“Commander? Uh…”
“I’m going to sleep. I hate Rhir.”
She rolled over in her bed. She got exactly seven and a quarter minutes of sleep before Captain Shellc opened the door.
“Commander—”
 
—-
 
That had been two days ago. Cirille was still mad about it as she stood in the small waiting area to speak with Bastion-General Quiteil. Incidentally—she wasn’t just mad about the third time he’d contacted her with a priority message and demanded she recite her code. It was the eighth time in a single day that had gotten her.
