7.34 C
Page 5
“So they say, your Majesty. They are at your disposal. If you will it, I will have their loyalties restored. Or they will serve without rebellion. As slaves or…”
The [High Mages] shuddered. There were worse fates. Othius drummed his fingers on the chair, as if it were his throne.
“…They will serve. As they were. We recall that they fled; they did not conspire. Rhir needs all souls to fight the Enemy, Nereshal. Even those less than faithful to the cause.”
The [Mages] sagged in relief. But Othius was not done. He stared past Nereshal, at the scroll.
It had not worn, though millennia must have passed since its creation. It was as perfect as when it had been made and even mithril aged over as long as Nereshal had speculated it had existed. The shining words were not ever one color, but neither were they prismatic. They shone with light beyond that which Othius had known. And he had seen legendary magics and walked the world longer than most.
“We are weary, Nereshal. Your magic keeps us alive, but the duties weigh on us. We recall the last time the Demons were assailed by the armies of the world. We broke them, and they broke us. Even [Archmages] failed to bring their end. And the war with Demons…our continual holding of Rhir…it will continue long past our children’s children, or so we fear.”
Nereshal started at the weary tone of the [King]. Greatly concerned, he lifted his staff and time—froze.
For a moment, High Mage Laisa saw Nereshal whispering, his lips moving like lightning and not at all. A bubble of time burst; the Blighted King’s features changed, just a bit.
Growing younger. The hint of stubble disappeared. His features changed imperceptibly. But the [King] was still tired.
That was true power. The kind Wistram had lost. Nereshal hurried to his [King]’s side.
“We make great progress, your Majesty. The 5th Wall is being built and the Deathless have not emerged since their defeat! There have been setbacks, but when it is complete…”
A hand slapped the arm of the chair. Othius snarled.
“When it is complete, more walls must be built! More and more, until we can finally assail the Demons and crush them in a corner of Rhir! How long, Nereshal? How long should we force our descendants to endure? When we could but summon an army—”
His eyes moved towards the scroll. It called to him. Laisa shuddered as Othius broke off, staring.
“I dream of it, Nereshal. A day when I may walk past the walls and see no Demons, no Blight. Only green grass and clear skies.”
“Your Majesty…”
For a moment, Laisa saw Othius’ features soften. And she felt the same urge, the same compulsion. Her eyes filled with tears. How could she have thought he didn’t care? The longing, the bitter pain on her ruler’s face struck her in her heart.
“Any weapon is to be used against the great enemy, Nereshal. My [Mages]. Surely you see our conviction. We may risk disaster. We may risk another world meeting ours. But then two worlds will battle the foe. If there is any…concern we share. It is our grief over the sacrifice of so many of Rhir’s children.”
The [King] turned to his [Mages], whose loyalty had been rekindled in an instant. He stood taller now, and the Blighted King’s very presence inspired them.
Even so. Laisa bowed her head.
“Your Majesty. We cannot alter the spell. We had tried, you recall. To use criminals, the lives of Demons, animals, slaves…to no avail. It must be the unborn. And it weighs…”
It weighed on her. Nereshal nodded tightly.
“Your Majesty. Perhaps a controlled spell? A test of a handful of…?”
