7.34 C
Page 28
Shellc turned red as the others guffawed. He’d been found with eight pillows in his bed in the first month of being in Rhir; a hoarding tendency known among Drakes. Captain Shellc’s ‘special pillows’ had become a running joke for the last three years because of it.
“We’ve got the day to relax. It seems more ‘irregulars’ are being sent to 5th Wall. I wonder why?”
Cirille frowned. She turned—and a yellow light blinded her for a second.
“Perhaps, Commander—”
“Aaah! Ancestors! Dead gods, damn it, Ossky!”
The other officers swore and shielded their eyes. The Drake with bright yellow scales closed her mouth. She raised her claw and spoke behind it.
“Apologies, Commander. If we have time, perhaps we should walk along the walls and see who else is there?”
Cirille was still half-blind. She blinked, seeing flashes of light as Ossky, an Oldblood Drake with wings and a breath ability spoke. She nodded, and then pointed at the yellow Drake.
“Lieutenant Ossky. Keep your mouth shut at night or we’ll have to tie it closed. Ancestors, if you snore…”
The others groaned. They’d have to share a room and the Drake in question looked embarrassed. More light flashed as she spoke—this time bright blue.
“Sorry, Commander.”
Lieutenant Ossky. She was rare even among Oldbloods. Some spat fire, others lightning or acid or darkness—Ossky was like that, but reverse.
She breathed light.
In ages past, Dragons had come in all shapes and sizes and varieties. Ossky was a rare descendant; there were others. She was useful, though, especially if you wanted to blind the enemy. So long as she didn’t turn her head and cough.
“We’ll tour the walls. Tell the troops that those not on duty can wander—but I’ll tear their tails off if they cause trouble! Keep to discipline! But there’s one more thing.”
Cirille took a breath. She wasn’t looking forward to breaking this bit of news. The officers waited and the Drake came out with it.
“We’re, uh, assigned a new unit to mix with our forces. Plains Gnolls. Two thousand of ‘em.”
“The Tribes?”
The others shouted in horror and fury. Shellc pounded a fist on the top of a chair.
“Commander! They’re our enemies! Half of us have fought the damn Tribes! And now they want those fur—”
“Belay that, Captain Shellc!”
Commander Cirille bellowed at him. The Drake closed his jaws. He was from a city with very few Gnolls; none had come in his detachment. But Cirille was used to a mixed-species force and she knew talk like that would not make the Gnoll [Soldiers] under their command happy.
“I protested, but Bastion-General Quiteil didn’t give me a choice. I expect you all to follow orders and be civil. The first company who starts a fight in the division with the Gnolls gets their pay docked for the week! All of them! Let the troops know. I’ll meet with the…Chief Warrior right after this.”
The Drakes grumbled, but saluted. Cirille breathed in and out, wishing her tour of duty was over. She believed in Rhir’s cause; how not after seeing their fight? But Ancestors, it was hard. She sighed.
“Okay. Let’s go see who we’re fighting with.”
 
—-
 
Chief Warrior Merish was about as happy to meet Commander Cirille as she was to meet him.
He was a Gnoll. Light-reddish fur; a Plains Gnoll. Not disciplined, not at home with walls and cities, and not really under her command.
“The Tribes send their own pact-warriors to Rhir. We are to be under your command, no, Commander? So has said one of the [Generals]. So we obey.”
