7.34 C
Page 10
“It does my heart good to see you enjoying the Boots of Flight so much. I’d completely forgotten what flying was like as a lad.”
The [Lord] smiled. Richard ducked his head and took off his hat.
“It’s a childhood dream, Lord Hayvon.”
“Ah, more of your heroes.”
The [Lord] looked at Richard, almost surprised. But then—Richard was a [Hero] and Hayvon had yet to understand superheroes. Hayvon shrugged.
“If you tire of the boots, you may of course swap them for something else. We can’t give you more artifacts without the magic clashing, but Sir Tom’s Ring of Invisibility or…Boots of Haste? But I understand the charm and utility of flight. Please, carry on. I shall be in my study. We shall repast on the deer you felled tonight, Sir Richard.”
He walked back down towards the ground. Richard flew down so he wouldn’t drop out of the sky—although he had a Ring of Featherfalling.
“You killed a deer, Richard?”
“Lucky bowshot. Hayvon insisted we bring it back. I’m not that good with a bow.”
“Huh. Better than me. But hey—that’s what crossbows are for, right? Hayvon finally got the one he said auto-reloads. Check it out.”
Vincent patted his side. A compact crossbow was hanging there. Richard hesitated.
“An automatic-reloading crossbow? But that’s like—”
“Yup. You want one? You’re a better shot.”
Richard didn’t know about that. But he’d owned a rifle back on Earth. Bows and crossbows were different.
“I’ll think about it. Where’s Tom?”
Vincent’s good mood faded. He jerked his head to the mansion.
“Inside. Where else? He’s having one of his giggling fits.”
“Got it. What are you doing, Vincent?”
“Taking a break from the others nagging me? Especially Emily. She’s…”
Vincent made his hand flap endlessly. Richard sighed. And like that, it was back to work.
“Try not to fight with her, Vince.”
“Me? She’s the one who wants people to brainstorm how to get in touch with the other people from Earth and convince Hayvon. Gah.”
“I’ll talk to her.”
Richard walked on the grass, feeling…slow and stuck in mud as he always did after flying. He checked the worn, green boots that were nevertheless quite splendidly inlaid. Boots of Flight. And Lord Hayvon had, after overhearing Richard express admiration for his own Pegasus Boots, pulled a set from his armory and gifted them to Richard.
5th most powerful [Lord] his ass. Richard shook his head. He waved at one of the Dog-Tribe Beastkin.
Unlike Gnolls, whom Richard had met, the Dog-Tribe Beastkin were shorter. And more…doglike. Gnolls reminded Richards of hyenas.
“Hey, Richard! You have a good hunt? Smells like you got some deer!”
One of the Dog-Men bounded towards Richard. He was in a good mood. Man’s best friend—or in this case—just best friend. Affable—the two [Stablehands] were younger than Richard, but only just. This one was named Tel.
“That’s right, Tel. A deer.”
“What kind?”
The other Dog-Tribe Beastkin perked up his ears. Richard shrugged.
“Non-magical. That’s all I know. Not a Corusdeer, or a Selantler, at any rate.”
“Works for us! We might get scraps if we beg! Let’s get the horses settled, Rel! Thanks, Richard!”
The two dashed off. They were more informal with the young man since he’d told them not to use his title. And they were one of only two dozen servants for the entire mansion. Which was impressive given how large it was.
However…as Richard entered the mansion, he saw Lord Hayvon was already gone. And no one held open the doors for him; the other staff were probably elsewhere. So the young man took his hat off his head. He tossed it—and the hat went zooming off towards the hat rack.
