7.34 C
Page 36
“Is that Stitch-Man going to fight without armor? Barehanded?”
Shellc pointed incredulously at the [Martial Artist]. Delezza grinned.
“Yup. And they won’t hit him unless they’re really good. Crazy bastard came here to ‘test’ his abilities against the Demons.”
“And has he?”
Cirille thought the Stitch-Man must be mad. She knew the String Folk didn’t mind being cut up, but they still died if their heads were destroyed. But to her surprise, Delezza nodded. The Human glanced sideways at Cirille.
“Oh yes. There were eight of the [Martial Artists] who came with him. Two made it back. The others died in combat. He’s killed over thirty Demons with his damn bare hands and he doesn’t mind following orders. He’ll stand wherever you want him to all day. Bastion-General Quiteil loves him.”
“I just bet he does.”
Before she could wander over and ask if the [Martial Artist] was also going to the 5th Wall, someone shouted.
“Hey! Are you Drakes? We’ve been waiting to meet you!”
A shape bounded down the walls from their group. Cirille blinked. Someone was happy to see them? She turned, saw the colorful scales, the huge grin—and her expression turned sour. Shellc turned and cursed.
“Lizards! Aw, fuck this.”
The little Lizardman was a multicolor of scales, unlike the mostly monochrome Drakes. And he was armed with a single spear.
No—a staff. Cirille looked incredulously at the shorter Lizardman. There wasn’t even a blade on the length of wood strapped to his back.
“Hey! You’re the Drakes, right? I’m Viri! We heard you were coming! It’s great to meet fellow scale-folk!”
“Get lost! I’ve had it, Commander! First Gnolls, now damned lizards? Get back!”
Shellc swiped at the Lizardman. The shorter staff-wielded looked hurt.
“Hey, I know our species don’t get along—but the other Drakes I met were cool! It’s true! Izrilian Drakes hate Lizardfolk?”
He peered at the Drakes. They all glowered. Delezza raised her eyebrows; she clearly didn’t know about the longstanding grievance between races.
“Hrr. I am Chief Warrior Merish. Pleased to meet you, Viri, is it?”
“That’s right. I’m not the commander, by the way. He’s over there. But he’s napping.”
Viri waved a claw at the other Lizardfolk, who were shouting greetings. Cirille tried to smile.
“I am Commander Cirille. Pleased to meet you. Soldier.”
Merish peered at Viri’s staff, perplexed.
“You carry no other weapon. Are you a…[Staffmaster]?”
“Nope! I’m a [Longstick Jumper]! See?”
Viri drew his staff and swung it around. Cirille took a step back. Delezza looked amused.
“The Lizardpeople are a breath of fresh air. Always cheerful—well, mostly. I didn’t know Drakes hated them.”
“They’re just copycats.”
Ossky grumbled. Viri laughed.
“How can we copy you? We didn’t intend to. Anyways, we’re all on the same side here! By the way, you might be speaking with me, Commander Cirille. I’m one of the best [Scouts] and we’re all going to 5th Wall! I’ll be jumping about! Like this!”
“What does that even—”
Cirille saw the Lizardman raise his stick. He planted his staff like a vaulting pole and leapt. The Drakes, Gnolls, and everyone in the vicinity stared up. Viri flew. Cirille saw him soar about twenty feet forwards in a single jump before his pole struck the battlements again. And he flew.
Even Ossky’s jaw dropped. The light Lizardman flew over the heads of the Rhirian [Soldiers]—one of them began demanding he stop this unorthodox behavior. Someone else on Bastion-General Quiteil’s bad-list.
“He can travel through the jungles as fast as any Courier. He’s a wonderful [Scout]. Hope he doesn’t die.”
