7.35 C
Page 32
But she was a [Gunslinger]. A class—the first of its kind. She didn’t feel like a daring hero of an action flick, though. She had seen the heights of magic and Skills and they had impressed on her: she could die. Even with a weapon from earth. Hell—even with an RPG.
Perhaps that was why she was here. To remind herself. She had, instinctively, pointed the gun down; shooting into the air killed people since the bullets still had to land. But even if she’d shot at the Giant’s face, she doubted Callidaz would have even blinked. Even if she hit him in the eye.
The last Giants sat in Rhir. Listening.
“So the gun is not the most dangerous weapon. And yet your…world…has many guns.”
“Yes.”
“And these guns are deadly.”
“Yes. And we have weapons that can destroy cities. Even you, Callidaz. In a single moment. With a single weapon. Before you could even blink.”
It wasn’t a threat, although some might have taken it that way. The Giant…did not. He just nodded.
“I see. Your world has weapons that can destroy cities. Can destroy mountains. Can destroy me. They have weapons that will win wars from afar, with superior distance. Despite armor and spell, they will kill. You have a world of such weapons.”
“Yes.”
“Well done.”
She gaped up at him.
“What?”
The Giant looked down at her.
“Your people have made a weapon that is better at killing than the last weapon. Well done.”
The uncomprehending sincerity of it made her blush. It was not a statement with any sarcasm or irony. That was what hurt. He did not know why it was an achievement, but he also believed her when she said the revolver was special.
“Aren’t you…angry? Doesn’t it worry you?”
The question came out of her, almost shyly. The others worried. Mighty as they were, they pressed her, making plans if Earth ever came to their world. They wondered about war. But the Giant had understood the gravity of the gun. And he…cared and did not care.
“Hmm. An odd question.”
The voice came from another Giant. She looked down at Flora. She did not move. Giants—true Giants, not their children—could sit there forever. Or at least, since they had first come here.
Now, the female Giant looked at Flora, puzzled. She looked at the others before addressing the little Human.
“It has ever puzzled me why the little people care about how they can kill us. How well they can do it matters, doesn’t it? To you, it matters. To us, it does not.”
That…didn’t make sense. Flora stared up at the female Giant’s features. So like a Human’s and yet—she was the mountains itself. That was how she seemed to have been born.
“It doesn’t worry you? The danger?”
Flora wanted them to be worried. She wanted them to…say something. Everyone listened to the Giants. Consulted with them. But the Giants seldom demanded or suggested anything. They just waited.
“Ah. I see.”
A chuckle made the ground vibrate. Callidaz was laughing. No—just a chuckle of amusement. He smiled, and it was a gentle thing. He looked at Flora, amused.
“You worry, Flora of Humans, that we will fear your weapons. That we should, for you will kill us.”
“No. Never me, Callidaz. But we could.”
Another rumble. They all chuckled. Callidaz shook his head and earth and stones fell. Flora backed up; she had borrowed a speaking stone to speak to them anyways. They would not hear her even if she shouted normally.
“But you have always been able to kill us. We know that. Even when we walked in numbers far greater than now. With magic. With metal. With will. We have always died to you. So you kill us better now. We cannot fear that.”
