7.35 C
Page 25
Her eyes were open. And she was wounded. Dozens of cuts, arrow wounds had pierced her enchanted clothing and armor. She was breathing. But she bled—and each second the color drained a bit more from her.
“Use a potion! What’s wrong?”
Someone demanded. Paxhal fluttered forwards, but the [Soldiers] keeping order thrust him back.
“Poison. It’s not even a strong dose. But it’s new. They ambushed us.”
Sisth was one of two [Hunters] besides Delezza alive. His patrol had been cut down. The [Healer] looked up.
“We do not know what poison it is, Bastion-General. The Demons must have created a new toxin. It doesn’t—do much more than cause paralysis in the joints. But…”
It stopped them from healing with potions. Cirille knew poisons. The bane of soldiers everywhere. It was why [Healers] were still needed.
“Save her. Huntress Delezza must not die.”
The [Healer] bowed. He was high-level. But Cirille saw from the Dullahan’s face he had little hope. They bent to their tasks, trying to stem the bleeding, close wounds with gels that stopped the blood loss. But they couldn’t replace it and that was what Delezza needed. Until they worked up an antidote…Delezza had minutes.
“Let us through. Hey—I said, move!”
A voice. High and crazed. Someone shouted. Cirille whirled. She saw a flash of blades. The crowd broke up.
“Tom, stop this—”
Sir Richard followed the [Clown] as he advanced with his Gloomless Troupe. The [Clown] wasn’t laughing or smiling like he always was.
“Sir Tom. This is not the time—”
“Shut up.”
The Bastion-General stopped as the knife aimed at his chest. Tom looked around, breathing hard.
“Get—get—get Chole. Where is she? We don’t need [Healers]. Do a blood transfusion!”
“A what?”
Cirille didn’t know the word. But Sir Richard and the other Champions did. They turned to each other.
“What is this transfusion?”
“It adds blood to the body. Chole’s been working on one—damn. All of her equipment’s back at Hayvon’s mansion! We don’t have time to get it.”
“Improvise, then! Someone send a spell to Chole! Ask her—it’s about blood types.”
“Step back! You idiots! Someone find a tube. And a jar!”
Tom shouted. The [Clown]’s posse kept the others back, slashing with daggers, heedless of being on the same side. Cirille saw Richard trying to explain.
“We need blood. In a container. Then we funnel it into Delezza’s veins.”
“Blood?”
Everyone in the crowd offered theirs at once. Tom looked around.
“Not Drakes. What’s her blood type? Humans! Non-Humans, piss off!”
Humans pushed forwards. Richard looked around. Vincent pushed forwards as Tom grabbed some empty glass jars the [Alchemists] had been using.
“It won’t take if it’s not the same blood type, Tom—”
“Don’t lecture me, Vincent. Chole told me there’s a way to figure it out. How does it go?”
Emily spoke up. She had a finger to her temple.
“Chole says—mix the blood. If—if platelets develop, it’s incompatible. If not, it would work!”
“Do that. Get Delezza’s blood. And mix it with—”
Blood splashed into containers and some of Delezza’s blood was added in. The others were trying to figure out how to do the transfusion.
“We need a needle. No—a drip. Maybe there’s a spell we can use?”
The Bastion-General motioned and a [Mage] ran forwards.
“If you need any spell, we have [Mages] of many varieties. [Blood Mages]—none, though. But what about [Necromancers]? They’re experts at setting bone.”
“Sir, there’s a single [Blood Mage] stationed on 2nd Wall—”
