7.35 C
Page 14
“Shut up, Captain Shellc. We had three years to drill together. Chief Warrior Merish came what, one year back?”
“…Yes?”
The others shrugged. No one knew. But even if he had less time, Drakes were still [Soldiers]. Cirille began to understand the problem. The question was how to solve it.
 
—-
 
When the officer’s meeting broke up without much resolved, Cirille decided to visit Merish.
It was the first time she’d done so outside of when they’d joined forces. Oh, she had seen him at cards and the mess and other places since their schedules were lined up, but she had the distinct impression he didn’t care for her. The feeling…wasn’t mutual. Oh, she didn’t appreciate working with him and wished her life was easier, but she didn’t hate the Gnoll.
They were stuck on Rhir. In hell itself. She didn’t hate anyone here. Well, except maybe Quiteil. And whoever had swiped her tea rations from home. She suspected Viri. And Delezza winning every damn hand of cards…
But not really hate. When Cirille inquired at the barracks though, she didn’t find Merish.
She did find a brawl. The Gnolls stopped fighting when she opened the door. The Drake stared.
“What is going on here?”
Two groups of Gnolls had been, apparently, kicking the snot out of each other. The others were watching or pulling them apart, but Cirille saw half a dozen tribes on one side and a few of the largest tribes on the other. They stared at the Drake.
“…Nothing? We were just engaging in a…ritual of the tribes. Very magical.”
One of the [Shamans] waved his staff vaguely. It was about as good an excuse as she got under her command. The Drake looked around. The Gnolls did not look very hospitable towards her. But she was a [Commander]. The Drake handled it the only way she knew how.
“Officers—to me. Someone get a [Healer] and everyone else—I want this barracks cleaned up in five minutes!”
The Gnolls looked at each other. For a second Cirille was afraid they’d ignore her. But then some of the head warriors drifted over. Some of the other Gnolls headed for a [Shaman]. The rest watched Cirille step back. One [Warrior] nudged another.
“Cleaned up? Does she want us to sweep?”
The other shrugged and picked up some sheets.
“Let’s make beds. Drakes love making beds.”
 
—-
 
The fight had been about The King of Destruction. To be more precise—him accepting Gnoll tribes as his sovereign citizens. Cirille looked around at the other Gnolls.
“Why did that cause a fight?”
“He let Doombringers—”
Another Gnoll punched the back of the Gnoll’s head.
“Who cares?”
She snapped. The Gnoll rounded on her.
“They’re not called ‘happy-bringers’, you idiot, you! And besides, he took in poorer tribes. Troublemakers!”
“The Dustfur tribe does not cause trouble. You just quarrel with them because your tribe lost a trade agreement eight years back.”
Another Gnoll poked the [Far Hunter] in the side. He whirled, growing louder.
“That’s not it at all! But those Gnolls are sellouts. Pets—”
Someone kicked him in the back.
“Say that again.”
Cirille watched the Gnolls hitting each other for a second, open-mouthed. And she thought her Drakes brawled over Walled City politics.
“Alright, enough! Where’s Chief Warrior Merish?”
She shouted and the Gnolls looked at her. Sergeant Rhikel had been right. Each tribe had their own opinion, even if only one warrior had come from it. They conferred and one of Merish’s [Shamanic Warriors] offered the answer.
“On break. He asked [Far Hunter] Deirr to take over, despite him choosing sides—”
“Where did he go?”
“The unfunny Humans.”
