7.35 C
Page 10
Captain Shellc was grousing at the cards table. Merish took a seat and was dealt in. Captain Shellc glanced at him and then coughed into a scaled fist.
“Same with the Gnolls.”
“What?”
The Chief Warrior looked at him. The [Captain] glared as Cirille got up.
“You heard the order to retreat. You should have obeyed it. I saw nearly ten Gnolls go down because you didn’t move with us.”
“Perhaps we fight differently. ‘My’ Gnolls are better at skirmishing. Your commander wants us fighting in prolonged engagements.”
The [Shamanic Warrior] growled. He took up his cards, peeked at one. Captain Shellc grumbled, but Cirille went over and leaned on his shoulder. Hard.
“I’m sure Captain Shellc is just venting, Chief Warrior. We saw your forces take down a lot of monsters with commendable speed.”
“Thank you, Commander.”
That was all the Gnoll said. Cirille glowered at Shellc and he dipped his head. Lieutenant Ossky took a drink and nearly blinded the table.
“We were all needed. Even with a Tier 7 spell, you need grunts. [Soldiers]. Wish I had six more flights, Commander.”
The others looked at her. Cirille nodded. She turned to Paxhal.
“Sorry we left the Garuda in the skies, Flight Leader Paxhal. But Ossky’s my only flight group.”
“And no one else can fly. Except the damned Demons and that Human [Knight] with the boots. Say—what were those Demons. I’ve never seen the like.”
Uxel glared about, gesturing at the sky. Cirille hadn’t been focused on the air battle; the Demons had mostly passed beyond the wall, for their raiding missions.
The heads turned to Delezza. The [Huntress] calmly took a drink.
“Oh. Them? You’re going to have to learn to watch the skies. No one on patrol goes without heavy archer or [Mage] compliments. Even a group of [Riders] gets torn out without aid. The Demon’s flying forces love ambushing unprotected groups.”
“But what were they? They looked like Bagrhavens, but they were smaller. Less foul—they used armor and Skills, I saw it!”
Uxel looked at Delezza. The [Demon Huntress] nodded.
“Of course they did. They’re Harpies. I’m surprised you haven’t fought them before, Uxel. But then—you Gorgons scare the wings off them.”
Harpies? Cirille paused with a drink to her lips. Some of the other commanders had never met them. Paxhal had fought them, but never before coming to Rhir.
“I thought Harpies were extinct.”
“Most are. They joined the Demons, though. And as far as I know—there aren’t any left. They used to be on Izril. Harpies and Nagas. Any left?”
The question went to the Humans, Drakes, and Gnoll officers. Slowly, all the Izrilians looked around.
“Harpies haven’t lived on Izril for…a long time.”
“Once, they did. My tribe remembers trading with them. They used to rule a large portion. Once. No longer.”
Merish mumbled. He folded his cards. Cirille glanced at him. But the Gnoll said nothing more.
“They joined the Demons. Gave themselves to hell. Watch the skies. They’re not like us. They don’t have hands, like Garudas, and they’re only good in the air. Even so. They were a people once.”
“What happened?”
The question came from Viri. The [Longstick Jumper] sat on the edge of his chair, perching there. He looked at the Drakes, the Gnolls—no one had an answer for them.
“I guess they just died out.”
Someone muttered. The cards moved across the table. Cirille shuddered.
And the rest became Demons.
What a fate. She had a bit more than she should have to drink. The next day, she and Chief Warrior Merish went on patrol and began joint-command drills.
It did not go well.
 
—-
 
“Stay in formation! I said—blow the horn, [Trumpeter].”
