7.35 C
Page 9
“Probably because Rhir needs to have them, Uxel. They get resources from around the world. Say an Archmage makes…fifteen Tier 5 spells in a year? Hey, how many scrolls can your average [Mage] make?”
Delezza looked around as she slapped a silver coin on the table.
“Archmage Naili could probably make a Tier 6 scroll. Depends on her class. [Spellscribes] can make hundreds, easy.”
“Hmf. Well, let’s say fifty, then. If your Archmage makes fifty—the Blighted Kingdom probably gets at least five. And that’s scrolls we can still produce. They have had thousands of years to build up an arsenal.”
“Okay, then what are we doing here? I got my flight wing torn up dancing with those damn Demons. Walk up to the Demons and cast all the scrolls you have.”
A Garuda scowled. He looked around. Cirille knew the answer to this one. Delezza sighed.
“Flight Commander—sorry, I forget your name.”
“Paxhal.”
“Paxhal, right. Think of it like this. The Blighted Kingdom probably has at least ten of those scrolls if they used one here. Probably lots more, but even so. The armies of the world stand with the Blighted Kingdom. And they still think that if they march on the Demon King’s capital or whatever lies at the center of hell—we’ll lose.”
Another silence. Cirille broke in.
“Besides, artifacts can be lost. Imagine losing even a single relic-class artifact to the Demons? It’s better to commit only to a battle you know you’ll win.”
Manus military doctrine. Shellc and Ossky nodded. But some of the other officers looked intrigued at this basic idea.
It really was astonishing. A quarter of the ‘commanders’ in the room were self-taught, or had never had a formal education to get to their rank. The Drakes at least had a lot of military theory.
On the other hand…it didn’t exactly endear them to the other races. A Selphid [Berserker] rubbed at his head. But her voice was female when it came out.
“Speaking of battles you’ll win—it was something to see other factions fighting. I’ve seen Rhir’s tactics, but those ranks of Drakes lined up were funny to look at. Your lot didn’t press in at all. Gnolls did. And so did those insane Humans.”
The Drakes went still in their seats. Cirille glanced over and made her voice friendly.
“We were fighting in formation. The phalanx? It was hard to coordinate with…other groups. We would have preferred to let the enemy advance and keep flanking. Our tactics are designed to minimize losses.”
“Yeah. It must work really well.”
Silence. Delezza raised her brows.
“Different tactics. Drakes do well at line-holding. You’d have wanted them if you had to retreat, Captain Grexi.”
“Maybe. But my tactic is slicing the enemy up until they run around. Did you see those Humans? They’re not even Selphids and they went as hard as my squad.”
The Selphid [Berserker] conceded. She grinned and the others shifted.
“Mad as loons, all of them. Did you see them laughing? They didn’t care even when their friends got slaughtered.”
“That’s the Gloomless Troupe for you. [Clowns]. Which are like [Berserkers], only they dress funny.”
“I’ve never heard of the class. Someone told me they were like [Fools].”
“They’re definitely foolish. But effective.”
“No, I mean, [Fool], the class.”
“Oh…what’s a [Fool]?”
Cirille broke away from the main conversation, which was a mix of admiration and…fascination with Tom the [Clown]. The Champions of Rhir also got their own nods; they hadn’t done badly. Especially for such young people.
“Our formations would have held those monsters with few casualties at all. And we’d have had a chance to do it if we didn’t get fouled by those damn Humans.”
