7.35 C
Page 18
For Richard, seeing Tom on stage was a revelation of kinds. It wasn’t great standup. The [Clown]’s skills in no way translated into actually being funny. And the kind of engagement a [Mad Clown] did was different from the kind most comedians wanted from their audience.
But he looked happy. This was what Richard thought Tom should be. On stage, trying to make people laugh.
Richard wondered if it would have all been different if Tom were less…responsible. Able to run away and not fight and put his life on the line.
“He put on the makeup after we were slaughtered in the ambush at 5th wall. I forgot.”
“Hm? What was that, Richard?”
Vincent was sitting at the bar, only half-listening as he flirted with a Minotaur [Archer]. The Minotauress looked like she’d kill Vincent and that was if he was lucky.
“Tom. He only tried to become a [Clown] after most of us died. Remember? There were a hundred and then sixty after that. And after that…”
“Don’t remind me. I’m trying to get lucky. Do you think she’d be impressed if I beat her at arm-wrestling?”
Richard eyed the Minotauress. She was an [Archer], but he doubted he’d have an easy time, let alone the [Swashbuckler]. He patted Vincent on the arm.
“Good luck.”
He saw the Drake, Cirille, and the Gnoll warrior leaving after a while. But Richard kept watching, even as the audience changed. Watching the [Clown] flounder, get laughs, laugh uncontrollably. But when he smiled—Richard thought he meant it.
 
—-
 
Commander Cirille had a deeper appreciation for Chief Warrior Merish’s struggles after that night. Let alone dealing with the uncooperative warriors.
But that night after watching the unfunny [Clown] hadn’t resulted in any epiphany about how to resolve their issue of commands.
It was then somewhat ironic that the problem turned out to have solved itself the next day. Quite by accident. Merish informed Cirille she’d discovered the secret.
“Mixed commands?”
He nodded.
“Give me more of your Drakes. I will give you my Gnoll [Hunters], yes? Then I will command just the heaviest warriors with my [Shamanic Warriors]. Mix in the Gnolls and if they see others running, they will follow.”
“But that’s—”
Cirille closed her mouth on ‘not allowed’. This wasn’t the Walled Cities and this wasn’t her taking command of another army. Thoughtfully, she looked at Commander Uxel, who was waiting to trounce her.
“…Fine. Let’s try it. Give me five minutes—where are your best lineholders?”
“That would be the Jadehammers Tribe. Them, over there. Stubborn as goats…damn. I think they heard me…”
 
—-
 
This time, they won. And handily. It wasn’t that they worked better together—it was just that the jarring gap in their styles had closed. And the Lizardfolk, for all they were adaptive, didn’t do well with a battlefield where they couldn’t continually hide or outmaneuver the enemy.
Also—the individual skill sets of the Gnolls and Drakes became apparent in one clash between Ser Vorn and Drake [Riders], the [Knight] himself rode to complain. He had paint all over his armor from arrow strikes.
“Commander Cirille. I must protest! Your [Archers] cannot fire into a skirmish between cavalry. You’ll hit your own side!”
That was military doctrine among Drakes as well. But Cirille had employed the tactic. The [Commander] folded her arms and tried not to smirk.
“I understand that, Ser Vorn. But the Gnoll [Far Hunter] under my command assures me his elite [Hunters] can do so without ever hitting a friendly combatant.”
The [Knight] huffed.
