7.35 C
Page 24
“How do they get so big, though? That cannot be a Skill, yes? What, do they grow overnight if she inducts them? Like mushrooms?”
Laughter in response to Merish. Springwaters, the half-Elf [Marksman], shook his head.
“Not at all. They’re trained from youth and go through a growth spurt. They can’t quit the unit, I think.”
“Well, they’re going to be a terror to whoever fights them.”
Cirille remembered the [Flesh Reapers] for a moment. She wondered if being half again as tall as other Humans did something to their physiology. Certainly—the armored warriors marched with unnatural silence, even compared to Drake armies. They didn’t show any skin; they wore helmets and armor, standing still like Golems.
Perfect warriors for a war against Demons. Someone frowned. Paxhal.
“If they’re so special, why are they here now? They missed the fighting.”
A snort. The Minotaur [Axe Captain] looked down at the Humans, glaring as if trying to figure out if they were a match for his troops.
“Normally they’re on 3rd Wall. They must be here to deal with that serpent-titan. Did you hear? Some [Naturalist]’s named it. They’re called Zavaral-swarms.”
“Zavaral? You mean, like Bastion-General…?”
Snorts from up and down the wall. That was a dubious honor. Or the [Naturalist] had a sick sense of humor. The Minotaur grunted.
“Apparently. It’s not a laughing matter. The Kingdom is afraid a few got away. And if they did—or if the Demons kept a few, they could breed them. Send titans like that against the Blighted Kingdom every month. Not just one, either. Dozens, all multiplying. Imagine that.”
The others fell silent. That gave Cirille chills. She imagined how quickly that would wear down even the Blighted Kingdom’s supplies and soldiers.
And yet, to conquer that fear, the Cleansenborne marched. 5th Wall would be launching seek-and-destroy teams. The Hunter’s Guild’s specialists and Paxhal’s fliers had been scouting for the Zavaral-swarms. And tomorrow—Cirille’s forces would join the hunt.
She looked forward to it. Rhir’s Champions stood with Bastion-General Zavarial, meeting the leader of the Cleansenborne and the other, smaller regiments sent forwards to join 5th Wall. All except Sir Tom and his crazies, of course.
The air blew warm from the north, bearing a strange odor with it. The scent of corruption, the odd tang that was Rhir. Cirille wondered if she wanted to do a second tour. Four more years…but why not? She had already gained a new class. In four more years—
“Commander Cirille. Ser Vorn. First Warrior Merish. Commander Uxel…”
A voice spoke on the walls. The others turned. It was Viri. The Lizardman had leapt up onto the walls in a single motion with his pole.
“Viri, get off the walls! Who’s causing trouble this time?”
Uxel hissed, vexed at the Lizardman’s disruption of the ceremony below. Viri just looked at him. The colorful little Lizardfolk didn’t laugh or grin like usual. He pointed.
“Follow me. Hurry. Delezza’s dying.”
 
—-
 
They had brought her in via stretcher. Horses would have torn the wounds open further. Cirille joined the crowd milling around the [Healer]’s stations.
“Keep back. What happened?”
Bastion-General Zavarial strode forwards, ordering the [Soldiers] and officers back. It was one of the other [Hunters], Sisth, who answered. He had a huge wound running down his cheek to his arm.
It wasn’t healed. Cirille stared at it, confused. They had healing potions. But the [Healers] were applying needles and thread to the wounds, fussing around with liquids—
Trying to stop the bleeding. As the crowd moved back, Cirille saw Huntress Delezza.
