7.35 C
Page 21
It was indeed. About a third of the Drakes under Cirille’s command had been affected by certain—traits. A stronger bite, complaints of enhanced smell, or hearing. But the Gnolls? That was when the coin dropped.
“I can’t stop. Every time I open—gah.”
Chief Warrior Merish himself had a symptom. He opened his mouth and Lieutenant Ossky jerked her head back before the plume of frost froze her scales off. She turned as Cirille strode into the room, followed by her officers.
“Commander! It’s incredible. Either I’m a Lizard—sorry, Uxel—or some of the Gnolls have developed Oldblood breath attacks.”
“Impossible!”
Shellc exclaimed. Merish opened his mouth and exhaled. The Drake leapt back as a cloud of freezing ice swept towards him. It wasn’t as bad as Ossky or some of the other Oldbloods’ abilities; she could be visible for miles upon miles away if you looked at her when she went hard—but it was still powerful.
“So that’s what it does.”
Cirille just stared. A Skill worthy of a class change indeed. She had no idea it even existed. Everyone looked at her. Commander Uxel bared his fangs.
“Care to explain?”
 
—-
 
“Synergies are similar to Combination Skills. They require multiple components to work, Commander Cirille. I have adjusted your file to note the advantageous matchup.”
Quiteil’s voice was precise and still annoyed Cirille. Mainly because he wasn’t surprised or even noticeably pleased by the development.
“You knew it would happen, Bastion-General?”
“Not at all. However, a Drake Commander unwilling to work with another species is not useful. The possibility existed. Synergies are known to Rhir’s forces. Other nations have very little experience in this area due to a lack of mixed-species forces.”
The clipped voice came through the speaking stone. Cirille hated that he was right. She chewed on her lip as Merish burped and froze Viri’s face as the Lizardman tried to peer into his open mouth.
“But Bastion-General—Gnolls exist in Drake command.”
“Correct. However, they are a minority and function as Drake [Soldiers] do without distinction. I do not have the time to debate the differences, Commander. Congratulations. I look forwards to your second tour. Bastion-General Quiteil out.”
He closed the speaking stone. Cirille glared at it.
“It’s just his way. He’s actually pleased. He said ‘congratulations’. You’ll get a bottle of something or some present, no doubt. The brass loves new classes.”
The [Scrier] on-duty assured Cirille as the [Commander] returned the stone. The Drake smiled at the Human.
“Thank you. I…what did he mean by ‘second tour’?”
The Human woman blinked.
“It means they’ll offer you a chance to stay another four years, Commander. That means they think you’re valuable.”
 
—-
 
Valuable? No one had ever applied that word in context with Cirille’s service in Rhir. The Walled Cities had selected her because she was a decent commander who wouldn’t embarrass them—and also because she wasn’t good enough that she would be needed.
Cirille had leveled on Rhir. She would be an asset to Manus when she returned. But now Rhir wanted her.
“Because you can work with other species. Lots of commanders aren’t so flexible. They get sent back. It is a compliment. I heard some of the Walled Cities send Drakes who can’t work with anyone at all. That was why I thought you would be so annoying. I was wrong.”
Uxel informed Cirille. The Gorgon slithered down the wall as they walked together. Cirille looked at him.
“Certainly, I wasn’t…at home with Merish. Or you, Uxel. But aside from the ‘Lizards are enemies’ idiocy, it wasn’t hard to adjust.”
