7.35 C
Page 6
“So that’s how it does it. Your Majesty, the serpents are eating to regain their mass. If it survives, it will grow to its original size. Or larger.”
“That must not be allowed to happen. Bring it down, Bastion-General. Lord Hayvon has offered to do personal combat with his forces.”
“No need, your Majesty. I request access to long-range magic. The Arrow of Winter scroll.”
Silence. And then—a terse voice.
“Granted.”
The half-Elf smiled. Despite the battle, he felt a surge of…exhilaration. Slowly, he recited a series of commands.
“Bastion-General Zavarial of 5th Wall requesting access to Arrow of Winter Scroll. Password—”
 
—-
 
“…Confirmed. In transit. One minute.”
Quiteil rose from his desk. Calmly, he walked over to a cabinet and inserted a pendant from his neck. The lock-spell faded. Then he pulled out the key.
“[Mage-General]. The box.”
The other commander in charge of 4th Wall’s magic was already waiting. The box appeared in a flash of light as it was teleported from the capital. The two counted down, inserted both keys they carried.
The instant Quiteil opened the box, every hair on his body stood up. The magical vibration in the air made the [Mage-General]’s nose begin to bleed.
And the cold. Quiteil took the gloves that had come with the box. Despite the anti-freeze enchantments, it still burned his hands.
“Second teleportation in progress. Bastion-General, teleporting to your exact coordinates in three, two, one…”
 
—-
 
Pop.
It was such an innocuous sound. The scroll appeared with a flash of light and the Bastion-General grabbed it. His hands turned white with frost at once. But he opened it in a moment.
Huntress Delezza and half the [Mages] not fighting for their lives turned to look. The half-Elf walked up the walls. Calmly, he stared at the serpent-Titan and amplified his voice across the walls.
“This is Bastion-General Zavarial. Opening a Tier 7 Scroll. Clear the area.”
Horns began blaring. Ser Vorn galloped back with his [Knights], behind the walls. The half-Elf smiled.
 
—-
 
“Tier 7? He has to be joking.”
Commander Cirille’s head turned. She saw the half-Elf holding something. The scroll…hurt her eyes. She was no [Mage], but there was something about it that seemed too real. As if the magic contained were unable to rest solely within the ancient vellum.
The serpents were moving. Walking—moving back. Perhaps even it sensed the danger. If so—too late.
The scroll opened. Cirille saw a flash. She felt cold—
 
—-
 
Snow began to fall from the air. Tom sneezed. For a second, his laughing stopped. Richard, panting and retreating for another charge, looked up.
“What’s that…?”
He felt like a kid, remembering the first winter’s frost and snow. He looked up and saw a pale blue light flicker across the walls. It ran from the scroll. Emily’s eyes were round.
“That’s a spell?”
 
—-
 
“[Arrow of Winter: Glacius Pillar].”
The half-Elf pointed. The light swept across 5th Wall. It flowed upwards. Magic itself, cold and deliberate. Creating, in the sky, something.
An arrow? Yes and no. Was a pillar of ice, as tall as some of the titans on the battlefield, an arrow? It formed in the air, cold enough to feel like burning to those close enough to it. Hundreds of feet up—it began to rotate. The serpents began to scatter, leaving their titan-form.
Too late. Too late. They had nearly half a minute to run. But when the [Arrow of Winter] fired the entire world shook.
Commander Cirille fell to one knee. Tom laughed as he fell over.
 
—-
 
