7.35 C
Page 5
Demon [Skirmishers]. They fought amid the monsters as they climbed through the second breach at her position. She looked around. If Captain Shellc wasn’t going to stop them, then who—
“[Giant’s Sword]! With me! Emily, clear the way!”
The Champion of Rhir. Sir Richard rode at the gap as the [Hydromancer] peeled off from the Humans and their escort of elite [Soldiers]. She raised a staff and pointed.
“[Tidal Wave]!”
A wall of water appeared out of the air. It crashed into the first wave of enemy soldiers and monsters, knocking them back. The water mage wasn’t done, though. Before Richard and the other Earthers thundered into the gap, Emily twisted her staff.
“[Summon Water Elemental]!”
The water swirled up, forming a huge figure that began lashing around at her command. Then Richard hit the first demons on the ground. He swung a massive sword like it weighed nothing. Eddy blasted left with his wand as he slashed wildly. Vincent was on foot—he leapt up, slashing through a Cilewalker’s hide with his enchanted blade.
They were as good as Gold-ranks. Cirille turned away from the fighting as the elite [Soldiers] tore through the Demons and monsters. She longed to be in the fray, next to Sir Richard. His presence was inspiring the [Soldiers] as he cut down a Demon commander unable to stop his forward rush.
But the larger battle was more important. 5th Wall held—but for every titan they dropped, another was there to take the place. What was slowing them from breaking through the stone was the fact that they weren’t that strong or tough given their size.
Strong and tough enough, though. Another breach shook the walls as one finally punched through. An arrow blew an arm off as it exploded—a half-Elf lowered his bow.
 
—-
 
Bastion-General Zavarial. He looked around. He spoke crisply into the speaking stone.
“The enemy titans are creating more breaches. We are unable to stop them with wall-spells and standing forces alone.”
“Can you bring down the originator serpent-titan, Bastion-General?”
The question was clipped. The Blighted King and his [Strategists] and [General] in the capital were watching the battle. The half-Elf looked around.
There it was. He’d had his siege weapons targeting the thing, and the [Mages] as well. But it was staying back.
The serpent-giant was about half as high as it had been. But it continued to subdivide. The largest of its moltings were downed. But the Demons were flooding the breaches the copies had created. Bastion-General saw them flooding behind 5th Wall.
Missions to raid and destroy. They were taking advantage of the confusion, not intending to win this battle. He gritted his teeth.
“Your Majesty—5th Wall will hold. However, I request Lord Hayvon to advance and hunt down the raiding parties. At least four groups of fliers have also violated our skies.”
“It will be done. What of the lead titan?”
Quiteil’s voice. Zavarial looked at it, behind a wall of other titans. It could think. He had the impression each writhing ‘snake’ made up the command-mind. It was smart enough to keep dividing. He…frowned.
“Hold. It’s doing something.”
A few slithering shapes were returning to the figure. And suddenly—it was several feet taller. Bastion-General Zavarial had been a champion of [Archers]; he didn’t doubt his eyes, even though the titan was thousands of feet away.
“I think it’s feeding.”
“Feeding?”
The smaller snakes were breaking off the body and devouring the dead. Monsters—[Soldiers]—it didn’t matter.
