7.35 C
Page 26
Cirille saw the people milling about. Tom was checking the bloody containers, demanding to know from the [Hydromancer] how long until they were certain the blood types were compatible.
Bastion-General Zavarial and Richard were trying to get two [Mages] from Wistram to create an artificial funnel. The [Alchemist] had completed something he was applying to Sisth’s face before attempting another healing potion—
The lead [Healer] looked up.
“Huntress Delezza is dead.”
The babble ceased. The Earthers, [Soldiers], Cirille—turned. The [Huntress] lay there. Her eyes were still open. But she’d stopped breathing. Tom looked up from the desperate collection of blood in jars. He looked at the body.
He didn’t laugh.
 
—-
 
“Huntress Delezza fought against the Demons for years. She earned the title of Hell’s Warden. I have come to Rhir before and I knew that the [Demon Hunters] under her tutelage were the finest in the world because they learned from her. Her entire family fought in hell and died there. Of Humans—of any species—I think there is little braver that can be said of her. I wish I had more words. But when I return to Terandria, I will speak her name in Noelictus and lay her among the honored dead.”
Ser Vorn spoke, lifting a cup of wine. It was dark, but not as red as Delezza’s blood. Cirille had no desire to drink wine. The Firebreath Whiskey burned as she joined his toast.
The commander’s mess was silent that night. Delezza was dead. Sisth, her apprentice, had filled her spot. But he was still being tended to. He hadn’t taken mortal wounds, but the antidote was being researched with no hope of an immediate cure.
One would have to be found. In the meantime, Bastion-General Zavarial had asked for volunteers to try this blood transfusion tactic, to combat the poison and save lives. Perhaps it would save hundreds of thousands in years to come.
It had been too late today. The Champions had said little after Delezza had been pronounced dead. They wore expressions of guilt. If they had been a few days earlier in pushing it forwards…if Chole, their [Nurse], had been there…
If. It was a familiar word to Cirille. She had lost friends before. This was a familiar scene.
She hated it. Someone else got up to speak. The Drake listened. She drank.
“Huntress Delezza died a hero.”
Huntress Delezza had died in an ambush behind 5th Wall. Not against the titans. Not against some great enemy. The Demons had attacked and fled. She’d killed eight with her crossbow and then her sword. But they’d been low-level. Expendable.
They’d taken a great [Hunter] down today. That was true. It was a reminder that for every big battle the Blighted Kingdom won—this happened. Cirille had seen other officers die in routine patrols, skirmishes, accidents. Delezza had been the first she knew personally since coming to 5th Wall.
“Cirille. Do you want to say anything?”
Merish sat back down. Cirille started. She looked around and shook her head. No one said anything else. Someone had started up a card game. Not because it was fun—but it was where Delezza sat. They left her seat open.
Suddenly, Cirille was sick of being in Rhir. Her joy over her class, her excitement, was gone. She wanted to march on the Demons and end this war.
It was a sentiment echoed across the others. Uxel just sat there, coiled up, refusing to talk. Merish stood with Ser Vorn, talking in a low voice. Cirille got up. She could at least…
“Commander Cirille. A [Message] for you. From High Command.”
