7.35 C
Page 0

(Volume 2 is now out on Audible along with a 10-page preview of The Last Tide included! Check it out, and this trailer!)

 
 
Lord Hayvon, 5th most powerful [Lord] in the world…allegedly…rode for the walls of Rhir. For the border. He only stopped when the speaking stone lit up.
“Lord Hayvon. By order of Bastion-General Quiteil. Hold.”
The [Lord] drew rein. He turned back and bellowed into the stone.
“5th Wall is under siege!”
“That is known. But the monster is new.”
The precise tone of the master of logistics was infuriating. Lord Hayvon tightened his grip and his warhorse snorted. The air was charged. He rode with his elite soldiers, three thousand strong.
[Lancers]. Veteran [Riders], [Knights].
“We must ride on 5th Wall now, Bastion-General. Even at top speed, I cannot activate my skill until we are at least sixty miles from the wall. I can be there in forty-five minutes.”
5th Wall had been built over a hundred miles from 4th Wall—it would expand the Blighted Kingdom massively if done. It was under siege. These were the facts.
“Hold your ground, Lord Hayvon. That is an order from his Majesty. If necessary—we will evacuate the entire 5th Wall and make a stand here. Nereshal is prepared to teleport to the front. Her Majesty is marching from 3rd Wall with her personal guard at this moment.”
The [Lord] gritted his teeth.
“Sir Richard, Sir Tom and the other Champions are at the 5th Wall. If we lost them—”
“His Majesty is ready to use a Skill to cover their retreat. This is not a debate. Hold your ground.”
The speaking stone went dead. The [Lord] snarled, but Quiteil was Bastion-General. Even the most powerful [Lord] of Rhir had to bow to his will. Hayvon turned his horse. He roared an order to the cavalry.
“Back to 4th Wall. Prepare to sortie at once!”
 
—-
 
Something new. Bastion-General Quiteil sat at his desk. He did not write. This time…he was checking his notes. Calculating.
The second speaking stone was active. Communication across Rhir was paramount. It was Quiteil’s specialty. He was no Hayvon, a combat-born expert. He was a [Logistics General]—in fact, a [Peerless Logistics General]. And that was only by virtue of promotion. His nature was calculation. He would never lead a battle, even from the rear. He would win it on paper, with numbers.
He was Bastion-General of 4th Wall for the same reason. Now, he spoke.
“Your Majesty. The Deathslayer Arrows are ready to loose. I have portal-spells ready to cover the retreat. Your status?”
Your status. He asked the [King] calmly as he ordered Hayvon around.
“I stand in the war room. The treasury is opened. A hundred thousand gold pieces are ready to be spent. What is the status of the battle?”
The answering voice was less calm. The Blighted King stood with Nereshal, his commanders in the citadel. Quiteil checked the map.
“Bastion-General Zavarial reports ongoing magical battery of the enemy titan. Demon forces are advancing behind the new monster. I am designating it as Serpent-Titan. Each instance is a ‘clone’ or ‘copy’.”
He adjusted the map. On all five walls, the name flickered into life as the Bastion-General wrote it into the air. The other commanders could see the flickers of magic coming off 5th Wall—a projection of the battle.
“I will use my Skill when Zavarial orders the retreat. I want a scrying spell to show me the battle, Nereshal!”
The [King] was snapping. Quiteil didn’t demand the same; he’d already had a [Diviner] on the task. But the Demons were casting anti-scrying spells.
