7.35 C
Page 15
Cirille stared. She wasn’t given an answer to what that meant. But she was given directions. The [Commander] hesitated.
“I’m going after him. Far Hunter Deirr—take your people and all the Gnolls under your command and uh—trade with Viri’s group.”
“Trade?”
The Gnolls blinked. It was the only thing Cirille could think of.
“That’s right. Ask Commander Uxel for permission. You’ll stay in the Lizardfolk barracks. It beats a fight.”
And if you make trouble, the Gorgons will be only too happy to smack you around. The Gnolls looked at each other. After a second, Deirr frowned.
“But my tribe is not the only one who fought with the others. Why are we singled out?”
“Did I say your tribe? I meant all of them.”
The Gnolls looked at each other.
“That is a quarter of the command, Commander.”
The Drake closed her eyes. It was never easy.
“Fine then. Divide up into the groups that actually like each other. I’ll transfer…Uxel’s Lizardfolk into your barracks. And Commander Ossky’s squad and Sergeant Rhikle’s groups…”
She began dividing up the Gnolls into non-argumentative groups and splitting them up. She expected them to fight or object; Drake officers would, but the Gnolls were adaptable. If anything, they seemed eager to get away from each other.
“Even Drakes are better. But please—not the [Knights]? They sing.”
Commander Cirille soon found the barracks a humdrum of different species. She looked into it and closed her eyes.
“Ancestors. Merish is going to kill me. At least it’ll hold for a day.”
Then she went off to find Merish. What did ‘unfunny Humans’ mean, anyways? The only ones she could think of were—
“No. Why would he go there?”
 
—-
 
A [Clown] stood on the illuminated stage. Well, it wasn’t a stage so much as a converted bar. [Soldiers] needed to relax. And 5th Wall had been set up with facilities for any number of things. Of course, the buildings weren’t built into the wall itself, like 4th Wall, but just outside.
It was dangerous, but the wall was under construction. The real one, with the huge moat, would be a much vaster place. Cirille had seen the plans. It was going to be something even the Walled Cities would envy.
For now, though, this was one of the inns—or bars. But the [Clown]?
Tom sipped from a drink of rum on the stage. The audience was quiet. The room dark. Someone had hung a magic lantern and shaded it so it created a beam. It swung to follow him as he walked back and forth in front of the single stool.
“So—heehee—who remembers killing their first monster?”
He giggled into the little speaking stone he carried. Some people raised hands or claws or other appendages. The [Clown] pointed.
“You. What did you kill? First thing.”
“Goblin.”
“Goblin! Ha! Hahahahaha—that’s not a monster, that’s a person! If it levels, it’s alive! Heh.”
He began laughing hysterically.
“Hahahaha—”
The [Clown] caught himself as the audience stared. It wasn’t just his troupe, although they filled the seats, their painted faces always grinning—some thoughtful. The [Clown] paced back and forth.
“Goblins are fine. What about you? Carn Wolves? Okay, okay.”
Another sip. Cirille watched, uncomprehending. Merish was sitting at a table, chewing on some food while he listened. Tom went on.
“See, my first monster was right after we arrived here. There I was, fresh out of training, with a knife in hand. I’d never killed. I was Level 6. I’d seen people dying, though. We just came from the capital after we got slaughtered. Demon ambush.”
