7.35 C
Page 29
The [Knight] murmured. Uxel nodded.
“My company could send reinforcements. But I will stay. Someone needs to fight. I imagine Merish’s tribe is the same.”
“Actually…we’re going to leave soon too. Some of the officers. The kingdom has allowed it. They must return for the Meeting of Tribes. Perhaps our groups may travel together.”
The Gnoll growled. The [Commander] nodded. She looked around.
“A Gorgon, a [Knight], a Gnoll from the tribes, and a Drake [Commander].”
“It sounds funny when you say it like that.”
Her friends looked at her. Cirille nodded. She had…an idea. It had come to her as she’d thought about going home, and what her class meant.
“I have a suggestion. When I leave…I’m going to be a [Combined-Arms Commander] leading a mostly-Drake army. Even if I can recruit Gnolls, it won’t be the same. But my specialty, what I’ve learned since coming here, is the power of multiple species working together.”
She met their eyes.
“I was thinking. Well, I asked for a copy of the offer. And it’s a lot of gold. Huge salary increase. [General] class. This Wall Lord says he wants a real commander with experience in battle. Honestly, I think he might be overvaluing my experience. I haven’t seen that much fighting. But if he’s willing to pay for me—I was thinking he might pay for more.”
The others looked at her. Ossky’s teeth shone as she bared her lips for a second.
“What are you saying?”
“Salazsar’s rich. Not sure you know how much, Uxel. But their export is literally gemstones and precious ore. They could…hire mercenaries. Well, they do all the time. Liscor’s army, they buy other cities to fight for them. I don’t know how much a Balerosian company charges. But if a Wall Lord made your company an offer…”
The Gorgon looked at Cirille sharply. Merish’s head turned.
“You want to bring Lizardfolk to Izril?”
“The Walled Cities aren’t used to Gorgons. Drakes, Humans, Gnolls—I want to see a Medusa fighting Antinium.”
The Drake’s heart was beating faster. She looked around.
“And Gnoll tribes have peerless archers. The Plain’s Eye tribe has [Shamans], which the Walled Cities essentially lack. If I made a request conditional on my accepting the offer—would you be interested in another sort of campaign?”
The others looked at her. Ser Vorn was purely astonished. He closed his mouth.
“—Ailendamus would never send me. However. Other [Knights] from my Order might be interested if I talked to them. The Order of the Thirsting Veil isn’t a stranger to crusades abroad. And we don’t induct non-Humans. But I don’t know why. Perhaps it’s an old issue. Or just that an opportunity hasn’t arisen.”
“Your order uses poison, Ser Vorn. Gorgons are a natural counterpart.”
The [Knight] eyed Uxel. The Gorgon grinned.
“Don’t give us horses. We’ll just eat them. But are you sure, Cirille?”
“Absolutely. If I’m going home, I want anything I’m part of to be…new. It might be political, but I don’t have to serve Salazsar forever. And when I’m done, I keep my class. So I’m a [General]. And if I prove the efficacy of a mixed-species army…”
Cirille looked around. Someday, she might come back. But Rhir was an eternal war. And if she wanted to change things—well, you started at home. And when they called, you brought a proper army back. She looked at Merish, Uxel, Ser Vorn, Ossky, Shellc—each one looked thoughtful.
“You don’t have to decide right away. I’m going to lay it on this Wall Lord and see if he jumps at any of it. But I’ll make the same offer to you and—Paxhal, Springwaters, anyone who’s interested. I doubt many more will be. But there it is.”
