7.35 C
Page 28
“Why are you healing yourself? Why are you healing yourself?”
Two [Clowns]. It was…a Skill. The [Clown]’s new, deadly Skill. Used in a performance. Two Toms, alike in their insanity.
Laughing like madmen. They laughed, and laughed, as they wounded each other. One hit the other so hard with the stick the other fell down. And then the first Tom was on top of him. He began swinging.
“Tell Delezza I said ‘hi’!”
He bashed the other one in the head. The other Tom tried to get up. But the bloody stick swung down again. And again.
The other Tom started twitching. The audience laughed. But Cirille didn’t know if that was the real Tom or…she stared transfixed. The other Tom kept swinging even when his clone stopped moving. Again and again, painting the stage with red. He laughed louder as he took a bow for the audience.
It should have offended her. Appalled her. It certainly did, to part of her. But as the Drake stumbled away, leaving the madness to fester, she thought the laughter was just his way of crying. Of expressing his grief.
She hoped that was the case.
 
—-
 
The day after, the [Clown] was alive. So he hadn’t killed himself. Perhaps it had been an act. Or just chance that one Tom died. It was a microcosm, really.
5th Wall did not stop for Huntress Delezza. Oh, Bastion-General Zavarial said a few words as she was put into a casket for honored burial at Terandria—and it was an honor compared to cremating the dead. Noelictus had a practice of entombing the bodies of their fallen.
But the wall did not stop for the [Demon Hunter]. Only one section truly mourned. And 4th Wall? 1st? The capital? If it was mentioned at all, say to the Blighted King, it was just marked as ‘a high-level foreign asset dying. New poison; worrisome.’
It made her so tired. Cirille patrolled the next day, marching with Viri and other [Scouts] hunting for Demons. She didn’t get to kill anyone. She wanted to.
But that was how war worked. It was never battle when you wanted it. It was boredom. And then suddenly—
“I’m leaving. I’m going to take the offer. Salazsar isn’t my first choice. But I’d have to wait for another decade to hit [General], I bet. And it’s a promotion. A guaranteed class.”
Commander Cirille gathered her officers and friends. Ser Vorn smiled; Captain Shellc looked at Ossky. Uxel bared his teeth.
“Good! I was going to hit you if you declined.”
“So you’re going to leave? Now? Is that how it works? Can they replace you so easily?”
Merish blinked at Cirille. She nodded.
“It’s not war. The Walled Cities or Rhir can replace me whenever they want. That means I have to appoint a successor or one gets sent. I—I’m not sure how fast this Wall Lord wants me. But I intend to accept.”
“Who will replace you?”
The Chief Warrior glanced at Shellc and Ossky, who were Cirille’s two most trusted subordinates. Cirille nodded at Shellc.
“Captain Shellc is the logical replacement. I’d recommend him for [Commander], and I’m sure Rhir and the Walled Cities would authorize him.”
“Commander!”
The Drake blushed.
“All very good. If you leave soon, we’ll have cause to celebrate. Perhaps—no. We’ll have to make it special. Back in Terandria, my kingdom is preparing to go to war. We might not see each other again.”
Ser Vorn’s graying smile made the Drake look at him. She nodded slowly as the others realized—that was right. When they left Rhir, they wouldn’t see each other. So Cirille took a breath.
“It’s—well. I know you’re all here for another year. At least. Most of us head home by next winter. But you can always be recalled.”
“Ailendamus might insist.”
