7.35 C
Page 3
[Summoners] from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. They walked down off the walls in full retreat. Their creations fought for them as the [Mages] left the battle, their job done. Ser Vorn saluted them. Then he heard the first impact shake the walls. He looked left.
“Ser Vorn!”
One of his junior [Knights] had seen the impact. Mortar stone bulged but the wall held. The titan hammered the gap again and the infantry waited. It was coming.
“Hold your ground.”
The [Knight] didn’t turn his head. He was waiting. He lifted his lance, waiting until their section was breached or they were called forth. He heard a roar as the first titan broke through.
 
—-
 
“Clear the ground! Let it pass! Then hold that breach!”
Captain Shellc was a [Swordsman]. His sword was light in his hand as the Drake saw the titan stumble through the walls. Ungainly. He narrowed his eyes. Then—he saw something move in the dust-cloud.
“Forwards! [Unit: Extended Spears]!”
Drake formations. The lines of Drakes carrying long, long twenty-foot pikes was meant for fighting anything and everything in this world. And when they charged to cover the gap, the first rank of Cilewalkers ran onto the pikes. For a second, the pikes were improbably longer by four feet.
Which wasn’t much given how long they already were. But it mattered. The Drake [Captain] in the 2nd-rank saw Drakes being thrown back by the impact. The Cilewalkers were huge, ten feet monstrosities of packed muscle under those damn hides! But the spears went deep, slowing them.
“Swords, forwards!”
The Drakes charged between the spears, cutting at the slowed monsters. Captain Shellc slashed into the monster’s hide with his enchanted sword and was rewarded with dark orange-brown blood. He counted as he slashed, hearing Drakes shouting and slashing as more monsters tried to push forwards. The spears made a wall and the Drakes with smaller weapons fought between the jabbing tips.
“…ninety nine…three hundred. Fall back! Fall back! 3rd rank, forwards!”
The [Captain] counted to five minutes and ordered the retreat. Drakes disengaged, allowing another rank to move forwards. They began applying potions, resting.
It was a microcosm of a larger battle. Shellc heard bows snapping, explosions from beyond the wall. The thump of the titan’s feet.
He didn’t care. Part of Shellc was listening for orders, keeping an eye on the battles to his right and left, but most was focused on his section. He saw a group of Gnolls, fighting in the breach next to him. They had nothing like the Drake’s organization; they fought, snarling, falling back as need be.
Plains Gnolls. The [Captain]’s internal count called to him.
“3rd Rank, fall back! 4th—”
The Drake heard a complicated horn signal. He turned his head.
“Spears, fall back in order!”
The Drakes began moving backwards, keeping the monsters at bay. Captain Shellc turned his head. Commander Cirille had ordered a second unit to charge once the monsters advanced far enough. It was a classic tactic—fall back and draw the enemy forwards for a flanking maneuver.
“Fall back, Chief Warrior!”
Someone was bellowing at the Gnolls. They growled, looking up, confused by the sudden retreat. They fell back more sloppily, without keeping the monsters from advancing.
What a mess. But the [Shamanic Warriors] had somehow downed three Cilewalkers already. What kind of enchanted gear…?
“Hold! I said, hold, damn it—”
Commander Cirille’s voice. Captain Shellc turned his head, but the words weren’t meant for him. He saw a group of Drakes preparing to charge in. But someone was in their way. A wild group of—Humans?
“Let’s go!”
