7.35 C
Page 23
Uxel stood on the walls afterwards, with Ser Vorn, Merish, and Cirille. They were all tired—and some nursing slight injuries by accidental Gnoll-breath attacks. One of them had accidentally breathed a dust cloud onto Ser Vorn and the [Knight] had hours of buffing for his armor.
“[Sight’s Bane Formation]? Never heard of it. What does it do?”
The commanders were all too eager to share knowledge. It was after all, a kind of power, knowing about rare Skills. The Gorgon grinned.
“Turns your soldiers invisible.”
“What, all of them?”
Even Ser Vorn looked incredulous, and he was decades older than the rest. The Gorgon nodded.
“Saw a Medusa-General use it once. Her capstone Skill of Level 40. Turned her entire army invisible for three minutes. They took the enemy apart.”
“I want that Skill.”
Merish muttered. Cirille nodded. That was the difference. A three-minute Skill that turned an entire battle around—or a longer-term Skill? She’d take it, either way.
“Say, you have the Titan of Baleros, right? What kind of Skills does a [Strategist] of that level have?”
The Gorgon frowned.
“I’ve never seen the Titan fight. Good thing too; but I’ve heard he can move across the world from battlefield to battlefield in moments. He can apparently multiply a unit’s power so it smashes through right when you’re not looking at it. Things like that.”
“Gah. [Strategists]. You know, it might be untested, but I’d put our combined formation against one of Manus’ forces. We don’t have as many elites and specialized units, but there’s a lot we could steal from each other.”
“[Knights] especially. Gnolls don’t have [Knights] because armor and fur get hot.”
“Nagas can’t ride horses and Lizardfolk are too light.”
“Drakes—have trouble with tail armor. And riding horses is harder. Tails, again.”
All three looked at Ser Vorn. He scratched at his head and smiled.
“And we Humans lack your interesting abilities. It would appear we complement each other.”
The commanders shared a moment’s congenial pause. No one wanted to say ‘I’m so glad we’re working together’ or something sappy like that. They’d probably get tossed off the walls. But the sentiment existed without words.
A trumpet blaring a welcome interrupted the moment. The commanders on 5th Wall turned and saw an approaching procession.
“What’s that? Minotaurs? I thought we already had all of their forces stationed here.”
Cirille spotted a large group moving up towards the walls. They were big, armored figures. Ser Vorn peered with an enchanted spyglass.
“…Ah. Those aren’t Minotaurs. Those are Humans.”
The Drake peered at the distant figures.
“Stop joking, Ser Vorn.”
“It’s not a joke.”
“They’re massive. As tall as Gnolls! Taller! They’re half-Giants, right?”
One of the Humans was eight feet tall if she was any judge, and looked like a half-Giant. But Ser Vorn assured her he was Human.
“There’s only one group they can be. See the insignia on their armor and the welcome?”
Bastion-General Zavarial himself was welcoming the group. As Cirille descended to talk to some more of the irregular commanders, someone finally explained.
“They’re a Unit. You know? One of the special ones? Those are the Queen’s personal unit. Shel’s Cleansenborne. She’s not with them, by the looks of it.”
“They can’t risk the Queen on 5th Wall. Not that she hasn’t been here before.”
The Queen? Cirille remembered seeing her. The Blighted Queen was far younger than King Othius IV, and she was a veteran warrior who carried a mace fit for a Minotaur. A giant of a Human. By the looks of it—she’d passed her traits off onto her entire unit.
