7.35 C
Page 20
“I don’t know, Bastion-General. It may have to do with my new…Skill. But it’s not a Skill—”
Commander Cirille’s blush was impossible to see under her off-black scales, but her look of mortification at having the supreme commander for the area dealing with her forces at dawn was visible for all to see.
“Skill? What Skill?”
“I consolidated my classes, Bastion-General! I am now a [Combined-Arms Commander]. I have obtained two new Skills—of a kind.”
The Drake threw a salute. The mix of pride and confusion was also evident. The half-Elf stopped. He flexed his hands and the scales running up his forearm and ending at his elbow flexed. Heritage of his mixed ancestry—Lizardfolk and half-Elf. The blood of half-Elves always threw true, but sometimes they carried influence.
“Congratulations, Commander Cirille. What is this new Skill?”
The door to the Drake’s barracks was open. Cirille heard shouts—one Drake was swearing and clutching at his nostrils. Captain Shellc looked around. And Bastion-General Zavarial saw the Drake was coughing, eyes watering.
“Er—a synergy, Bastion-General? [Synergy: Gnoll-Drake Command]. But I don’t—”
“Ah.”
The half-Elf suddenly smiled. And he relaxed so suddenly that it caught his junior officers off-guard. The Bastion-General chuckled.
“I see. In that case, I will inform Bastion-General Quiteil of the situation. Your division is excused from patrolling today. Reorganize and assess the effects of your new ability, Commander. And congratulations.”
“Thank you, sir. But what…?”
He was gone before she could ask what had happened. Bewildered, Cirille stepped into the barracks. And she heard Captain Shellc roaring at the others.
“You all stink! Who’s not been bathing for the last week? You—[Soldier]! I can smell the horse crap on your tail! Wash!”
He pointed at a Drake, who checked his tail, which was indeed less than clean after being dragged through something untoward. The others looked at the Drake.
“Captain Shellc, what is happening?”
“Commander! We have a serious hygiene issue here! The rank is getting sloppy. Even some of the officers! I’ve chewed out eleven idiots who can’t even clean themselves properly! And there’s mold in two of the bunks!”
The Drake complained as he turned to Cirille. She looked around. He wasn’t…wrong. But the other [Soldiers] were sniffing themselves and finding nothing wrong.
“Captain, it’s just a little funk. I’ve smelled worse. Hells, I’ve slept in worse and never noticed.”
One of the [Sergeants] complained. Captain Shellc pointed a clawed finger at him.
“Stow it, [Sergeant]! I haven’t smelled anything so foul since I was in the sewers back home! You’ll get your group cleaned up or I’ll—”
Cirille sniffed.
“…I don’t smell anything, Captain. I think it might just be your nose.”
The [Captain] turned to his commander, looking appalled.
“But Commander—I’m not the only one! Hey! You all, come forwards!”
He waved, and about a hundred out of the thousand stationed in this section came forwards with complaints about the smell. Cirille blinked.
“One hundred…? What other issues have there been, Captain Shellc?”
“Well, Commander. It’s not as bad as the smell…but there were a few incidents at the mess.”
“Like what?”
“Oh, some idiots bit through their spoons. Damndest thing. And some others decided to copy them. They ‘claimed’ it was just weak metal, but…”
He didn’t know. But the [Swordsman]-[Captain] wasn’t an idiot. He narrowed his eyes as Commander Cirille looked around.
“What about the Gnolls?”
“…Chief Warrior Merish and Ossky were investigating that. That’s…different.”
