7.35 C
Page 17
The Gnoll nodded towards the stage. The [Clown] went on. He pulled out a knife as the audience looked at him again. He had a kind of crazy charisma, Cirille had to admit.
If Sir Richard looked like a young commander, Tom was the opposite of everything Cirille had been taught to respect. It was like watching a tragedy or a disaster—you couldn’t walk away.
“Okay, next bit. I can do magic tricks. See this knife? I’m going to make it disappear.”
The audience stirred. Richard unfolded his arms. He looked concerned. But Tom didn’t ask for volunteer. He held his hand out, palm facing the audience.
“Watch, the blade, watch it vanish—”
He stabbed himself through the hand until the hilt was all that was visible. Cirille made a sound. The audience groaned or shouted. Tom held out his hand. Then he turned it sideways, looked at the blood running down the blade of the knife. He wiggled his fingers weakly, looked at the audience.
“…Ow. I didn’t think that through.”
That time the audience was even more split. But Commander Uxel was nearly on the floor laughing. Cirille began to catch on.
“Oh. He’s trying to be funny.”
“Sometimes he is. I’m still not sure why he does it, though. Something to do with his class? Why did you want me, Commander Cirille? We will try your formations tomorrow. But we need not quarrel now.”
The Gnoll looked warily at the Drake. She grimaced.
“I…wanted to talk to you, Chief Warrior. I, er, wasn’t aware of how difficult it was managing your command.”
He looked wary and surprised.
“It is my duty. I was appointed Chief Warrior by the others. They will follow my order.”
“Er, yes. But it can’t be easy. I stopped by the barracks, actually, looking for you. There was an incident…”
The Gnoll groaned. He half-stood as Tom launched into another story. It had a punch line; that was the trick.
“What problem? How many were hurt?”
“Don’t worry about it. I sorted it, somehow. Uh—you might not be happy with how. That happens often?”
The Gnoll sat down, sighing.
“You would not know. But the Tribes love to quarrel. Drakes are peaceful compared to some blood feuds. And Gnolls are not as restrained as Drakes.”
Restrained as…? Merish clearly didn’t know about inter-city wars. But apparently, Gnolls from feuding tribes would gut each other if left alone.
“I split them up. Just for sleeping.”
The Chief Warrior blinked, but he didn’t object. He actually nodded, looking thoughtful.
“That may be…best. I did not think it wise to ask, but I had considered it. But what about my command? Our working together?”
“I think…it’s time to revisit how we work. Maybe we can try to work around your slower responses, Merish. Or assign some Gnolls used to military command?”
“Hrr—maybe—”
A knife struck the table and vibrated. Merish and Cirille fell out of their seats, grabbing for their weapons.
“Hey! Shut up in the audience or I’ll kill you!”
Tom shouted. Cirille got up, hearing laughter from his posse and the audience .The [Clown] glared, then turned it into a grin.
“Where was I? Oh, right. The fire. Bastion-General Quiteil is so mad he’s already threatened to have me jailed or executed. And there I am, with about a thousand magical arrows on fire. So I thought the best thing to do was put them out. Someone should have really labeled those barrels.”
More laughter. Cirille didn’t laugh, but she sat, warily eying the knife as she and Merish had a drink. She had no frame of reference for this. It wasn’t like a [Bard], or even a [Fool]’s act. But it was new. And it spoke to some.
 
—-
 
