7.35 C
Page 30
The Gnoll was the first person to respond. Chief Warrior Merish smiled.
“I’ll think about it. Certainly, we’re going the same way. My tribe will be interested.”
“I as well. I’ve always wanted to see these dreadful Antinium. And see what they taste like.”
Uxel grinned. Ser Vorn saluted.
“My Order will hear your request, Cirille. And if war threatens…”
They stood there for a while. War back home. Old grudges between species. Night fell on 5th Wall, and for a moment Cirille stood there. With a company of people who looked nothing like her. Comrades in arms, nonetheless.
Home felt so far away. The Drake took a breath.
“There’s just one last thing to do then. I’ll let you know what the Wall Lord says.”
Then she went to send a [Message]. And after that…Commander Cirille went to speak to Mage-Captain Hetarria. After all—a [Necromancer] was a hated enemy. Just like Lizardfolk. Or Gnolls. She’d been thinking about that too.
 
—-
 
That night, in Salazsar. Wall Lord Ilvriss was waiting on a reply. Not waiting as in ‘waiting for it right that second’, but anticipating one, even if it was a rejection.
“Wall Lord. [Message] from Rhir. Commander Cirille.”
The little reply came back for him. The Wall Lord accepted the scroll, which had come via Salazsar’s [Strategist] on duty rather than the Mage’s Guild. Security for the Blighted Kingdom and all that. He unfurled the [Message], which had auto-copied onto magical scrolls rather than risk transcription.
What had she said? He did not know this Commander Cirille outside of her record and reports on her. She had been in Rhir three years. Mostly on guard-duty around the capital, which didn’t make her as ideal as he wanted. But she was still solid, with a different perspective. He was taking a risk on her talent.
The Wall Lord read the [Message]. He blinked at it. Then he frowned. He stared at the words, trying to make them make sense in his mind.
“Is this a joke?”
It had to be. But why…? The Wall Lord, completely flummoxed, stared down at the words on the enchanted parchment. It read:
 
‘Salaszar is naught but cowards and thieves. Bring back the Harpies, who used to rule. The Antinium will bring down your walls like cheese. You know nothing, Wall Lord of fools.’
 
Ilvriss stared at the [Message] scroll. He turned to the Drake who’d delivered the scroll.
“Ah—please have the Night-Strategist send a confirmation [Message]. I don’t believe this is what was supposed to be sent. It’s almost certainly not from Commander Cirille. I think someone’s playing a joke on me.”
The Drake bowed and hurried off, embarrassed. Ilvriss sat down, rubbing his head. Who…rhymed ‘thieves’ and ‘cheese’?
That was just stupid.
 
—-
 
Rhir. Hell. Day by day, you could say not a lot happened.
People died. People lived. The war continued. The blight was contained by both sides. Demons, the Blighted Kingdom.
But the war was a stalemate. 5th Wall was being built. But the Blighted Kingdom was not threatening the Demons. It was a war to be won by attrition, time.
On other parts of the world, people did very exciting things. Tried to cure the Yellow Rivers disease. Conquered other nations. Wrote newspapers, etc.
The world changed quickly some years. Some months or days, even. When you left Rhir, with fresh ideas, with friends forged, and visions of the true dangers, the heights of power, the potential for change existed. But hell itself didn’t change.
Until it did.
The single shot rang out loud, despite the improvised headphones she’d put on. Loud—a louder sound than almost anything in the world.
