7.35 C
Page 22
He grinned at her and spat some venom over the wall after making sure no one was below.
“You say that. But some Drakes are as stupid as rocks. And as stubborn as Dullahans. Take the compliment. But will you stay?”
“I hadn’t thought about it.”
The Gorgon nodded.
“Think. I will be going back, even if I learn the [Combined-Arms Commander] class. Which I wish to do.”
That surprised her. Cirille glanced at Uxel.
“Even if they ask you to stay?”
The Gorgon shook his head.
“I came here to fight Demons, to level—I have done both. But Baleros calls. It may be foolish—but when I return, I want to challenge my superiors. My company can be stronger. Maybe even a Great Company of Baleros someday. Or maybe we can go abroad and conquer parts of Izril?”
He grinned. That was Gorgon humor for you. Cirille smiled.
“Only the northern parts.”
There was a lot to think about. Synergies were powerful—why did the Walled Cities not know or try to gather such useful abilities in their commanders? Then again, it did require multiple species with their own autonomy.
In the interim, however, making the new abilities in her forces work proved a challenge. Captain Shellc ended up in command of more Gnolls than Drakes—because the Gnolls shared his keen sense of smell.
“I can’t believe how much they stink.”
The Drake complained. All the Gnolls chuckled or grinned. Merish laughed.
“You will get used to it.”
“I’m not sure how useful a good sense of smell is on the battlefield. Among our [Scouts] maybe. And the hearing becomes a problem.”
Cirille confessed to Merish. The Gnoll [Shamanic Warrior] nodded.
“It is not always useful. If the enemy uses poison—you will know. And good hearing helps sometimes when the enemy is hidden or maneuvering in the darkness. But what of our…breaths?”
He had managed to avoid freezing everything in sight. Cirille frowned.
“Shellc swears he’s gained some muscle as well. As for Gnolls breathing fire, acid, or what have you—I suppose it’s just another weapon. We’ll show you how Oldblood formations work. Ossky’s an expert; it’s breathe and fight.”
“I lose air when I do it too much and end up gasping like a fish.”
The winged lieutenant grinned.
“You need to practice. It’s like a quarter-Oldblood strength at best, Commander. Maybe if you were double your level they’d all have abilities as strong as mine.”
“And Captain Shellc would be walking around with a coat of fur. Let’s just work with what we have, Ossky.”
 
—-
 
A few observations after a day of drilling: the Synergy was powerful. Not all-powerful. It had limitations.
Firstly, it only affected those under her direct command. So while Drakes and Gnolls stationed with Uxel had new abilities, the Lizardfolk did not, much to their disappointment.
Also, the abilities ‘faded’ the further her command got from Cirille. And if you left her command in any capacity—she had ‘traded’ a group of Gnolls with Uxel—they disappeared entirely.
In combat, it made Merish and the Gnolls even more problematic to fight against. The Gnolls would happily turn your face to ice before smacking you around. On the other side, along with enhanced smell, Captain Shellc happily did press-ups until the ‘regular’ Drakes collapsed.
“It’s powerful, but more in that your [Soldiers] keep your abilities. I’ve seen better [Commander] Skills. Have you heard of [Sight’s Bane Formation]?”
