7.35 C
Page 16
The audience stirred again. Some nodded. But this wasn’t the angry recollections. This was…a story? Cirille saw another Human. Sir Richard. He was watching, leaning against the bar.
The story went on.
“So I’m in the capital. But we were told Demon attacks could happen any time. So I hear this screaming as I’m just outside the gates. Not Human. Not a person. I turn to look—and there’s this huge armored thing coming at me. Giant jaws, teeth like sawblades. It’s not big, by the way. Yay high.”
He indicated something around knee-level. Someone laughed. Huge? The [Clown] looked about.
“It looked big, alright? It could still chew off a leg. And it’s coming at me. So—I panic. I look around to run. I’m not fighting it. I was hoping I could get Richard to kill it.”
He pointed into the audience. Heads turned. Tom grinned, huge, maniac. But not as insane as he had been on the battlefield.
“But no one’s there. So—I draw my knife. And I jump at the thing. Well, it jumps me and I stab it. Trouble is—it has armor on its stomach. And at first it’s not biting me—I think I surprised it. So I start stabbing and it starts to trying to eat me at last. That’s about when I shit myself.”
The audience giggled. The Gloomless Troupe laughed, falling out of their chairs. The others just stared. The [Clown] giggled too.
“You think that’s a joke? I think that’s why I survived. The thing was so repulsed by the stench it stopped biting. So I flip it onto its back. And there we are, wrestling.”
He made a knife appear and stabbed with it, pretend-fighting. Cirille edged around the room, trying to get to Merish while she figured out what was happening. The [Clown] continued.
“I’m stabbing it and it’s biting me, and I think I’m winning, but you never know. And there’s blood all over and the damned thing won’t die. But at last—I finally get it. It falls over. Dead. And I’m alive. And I’m a hero. I just killed a knee-high monster!”
He grinned around. The audience murmured. That was in debate. Tom went on.
“I actually drag the thing to the gates. I’m going to show everyone. I’m still bleeding, by the way, but I don’t heal myself. I want people to know how much I fought. Like a tiger! That’s a big cat, by the way. I hear they have them in Baleros. So I find my friends. Richard was there. He remembers this. Everyone says ‘Tom! What happened?’ And I say ‘Demon attack, no big deal. Killed it. Want to see the body?’ And of course, I’m showing it around.”
He brushed at his clown costume, feigning indifference. The [Clown] paused and the audience leaned forwards, feeling the narrative coming to a close.
“So there I am. The [Guards] are sounding the alarm, they’re all asking how it attacked me and I’m ready to accept a medal or trophy. I’m definitely leveling up tonight. Then, at that moment, Lady Emirelle asks if anyone’s seen her pet Skeljaw.”
He paused. The audience went silent. And then those who figured it out started laughing. Some in horror. Others found it genuinely hilarious, like Uxel. Some were appalled, like the [Druid] who looked ready to jump Tom.
The [Clown] grinned around, sweating in the spotlight.
“The worst part is that she’s still mad about it!”
Laughter, conversation as he sipped from his drink. Cirille slid into the table next to Merish. The Gnoll jumped.
“Commander Cirille?”
“What in the name of the Walls am I looking at?”
“Some kind of humor. They do it every night. I thought it was wise to see. It is a ritual of this troupe.”
