7.35 C
Page 1
He was calm. The Bastion-General waited. He saw one projection of the Serpent-Titan flicker, disappear.
“It would appear the titans are not as defensible as Demon Giants, your Majesty. Confirming…89 spells cast to bring down one instance. Estimating Tier 3-5.”
He hadn’t waited for the report to come in on the separate [Message] scroll he was reading from, by the way. When the confirmation flashed up in hastily-scrawled letters from 5th Wall, it only reinforced his count. He’d made the analysis by watching the projection on the battle-map and counting the individual flashes of light.
“There are nearly a hundred of them! And they continue to multiply!”
The voice snapped back. Bastion-General Quiteil nodded. His eyes flicked to incoming speaking stones glowing. Nine of them.
“Your Majesty. I will disconnect your speaking spell until reinforcement is needed from the capital.”
“Bastion-General—”
Silence. Quiteil tapped the stone. He opened another channel, spoke briefly, switched to another.
“Confirm code—”
“Bastion-General!”
“Your Majesty, I am busy.”
The [Logistics General] muted the stone again. And then he had a thought. He tapped the stone.
“Your Majesty—a question. Exactly how many ballistae are mounted on 1st Wall at this moment?”
“What?”
“Please confirm the number.”
The thin man leaned away from the speaking stone as the invectives began spewing forth. He muted it again. And turned his attention back to the battle.
Calm. This was not his battle to fight. He waited to do something. Anything. Evacuate the entire 4th Wall, send Lord Hayvon forwards, activate the wall’s defenses.
Anything. Nothing. The Bastion-General’s finger tapped on the desk until he made it stop.
 
—-
 
“4th Infantry, hold those gates! [Archers]—hold your fire!”
Commander Cirille bellowed as the first serpent-titan fell. She saw something—cartilage?—burning, practically vaporizing as the [Long Range Fireballs] brought it down. They were firing from the walls and the [Mages], and they could have annihilated a normal army.
But as one titan fell, the others walked.
Thump. Thump.
Cirille saw the progenitor being screened by dozens of the now-larger copies. Each time the serpent-monster ‘molted’, another copy-shell of it appeared. The original grew smaller as a result. But over a hundred of the things were walking on 5th Wall. And behind it—
“Demons are flanking! Counting six—seven thousand behind the titans!”
“I report flying groups, each at least eighty in count, four at coordinates—”
“Monsters. Giant insects—unknown type. Cilewalkers. Some…some variant of slimes? Why aren’t they attacking each other?”
A babble of voices. Cirille saw the monsters, flooding around the huge footsteps. They were different types. Flying hornet-beetles, Cilewalkers, the huge, spiked half-cactus, half-wolf creatures that could scale a wall and tear you to pieces with their incredibly tough hides and thorn-appendages, yellow slimes, running with red in their cores and…bubbling?
Each one a threat. And somehow—none of them attacking each other. The monsters ignored the serpent-titans, save to move out of the way of the steps. The Demons—ranks of them at the back—were ignored by the monsters.
“Damn. Damn, damn—Chief Warrior Merish! I said, [Archers], hold your fire!”
The Drake glanced up. Gnolls with massive longbows were loosing arrows despite the Titans being far out of range. The Chief Warrior ignored her.
“They have Skills, Commander.”
Cirille saw that, but the Gnolls were loosing at any target they thought they could hit. Nothing like the volley of Drake [Archers] nocked and waiting.
