7.35 C
Page 2
Thwap. The sound tore the air even among the shouts. The thump of a ballista going off made Cirille jump. She saw them firing enchanted munitions. One hit a serpent-titan—tore a chunk off.
“They’re fragile!”
Lieutenant Ossky exclaimed. Captain Shellc, in charge of 4th Infantry was below. His sword was drawn, and he was ready to sortie from the gates. The Drake Commander looked about.
She was holding her position on the walls. Her Drakes and Merish’s Gnolls were deployed together. The Bastion-General was throwing everything at the distant monsters, trying to bring them down before they reached the walls.
But he wouldn’t bring them all down. There were too many. And 5th Wall, despite being sturdy and high, wasn’t finished. The wall-spells were firing, but they couldn’t last forever. Cirille looked about.
“They’re going to break the walls. If they do, we hold the breach. Ancestors. How do we bring them down? Trip them?”
She mumbled to herself, and as quickly, dismissed it. Her division wasn’t equipped for—giant-slaying. There was enough siege weapons and [Mages] to bring down the colossi. The real danger was the monsters and Demons. If they got a foothold, the defenders would be in danger.
“[Archers]. Prepare to loose. Target the Cilewalkers.”
Drakes drew back on their bows. Cirille raised a claw, as the monsters streamed forwards. The first titan accelerated. A mass of calcified serpent-forms, somehow moving. It swung a vast arm up, aiming at the walls.
Someone was laughing. Cirille looked around, distracted. She saw a [Clown], laughing with his insane posse. Cirille turned back—
 
—-
 
A Bone Behemoth crashed into the serpent-titan. It was heavier and the sound of the two colliding drowned out everything. The hollow entity fell back.
“Sweep the leg.”
[Mage-Captain] Hetarria pointed. The [Necromancer] corps raised their staves, concentrating as one. The giant Bone-Drake swung the hammer of bone low.
The serpent-titan’s leg crumbled. It went down, striking at the bone-behemoth.
“Cracking damage. [Mend Bone].”
A dozen [Necromancers] cast the spell and the cracks on the Bone Behemoth healed. It turned, protecting the wall.
“Mage-Captain, strike the illuminated target!”
The order came down the walls. One of the oncoming titans lit up in Hetarria’s vision as the Bastion-General marked it.
“Bone Behemoth—charge. Frenzy.”
The [Necromancer] pulled and the combined magics made the giant’s orange eyes flicker. It charged, smashing into a second titan. One against many.
For a moment. Across the walls, more serpent-titans were approaching. A section evacuated as a [Strategist] realized they couldn’t bring down a titan before the serpent-titan approaching hit it. Commander Cirille was moving her Drakes to intercept along with Commander Uxel.
“On the left!”
Another titan had closed, despite the explosions bringing down more, slowing the advance. Hetarria could barely take her eyes off the one attacking her Bone Behemoth. Who would slow it? Who would—
 
—-
 
“Summoning complete.”
Ser Vorn heard the shout from the walls. The [Knight] of the Order of the Thirsting Veil saw something rise. He opened his visor just a second to stare.
A roar. Shifting gravel and sand, sounding like thunder in itself. The figure was less sculpted, more primitive than the undead Bone Behemoth.
It rose. The sand-constructs were ‘only’ thirty feet tall. But six of them lumbered forwards, swinging into the serpent-titan. Filling the hollow structure, dragging it down by their sheer weight.
