7.35 C
Page 11
The sound for retreat ran out, a single fixed blast. But the furry figures still stuck into the fighting against the smaller Lizardfolk energetically beating on them with sticks and the annoyed Gorgons for a good minute before disengaging. Commander Cirille glowered.
She saw 4th Infantry moving with precision at her commands, but the disengage and flank maneuver was hindered when the other wing of Commander Uxel’s Lizardfolk [Skirmishers], led by Viri, caught Merish’s group and wiped them out.
Well, ‘wiped them out’ just meant more Gnolls had to go off and sit down and the skirmish exercise was ruined. The Drakes retreated as Ser Vorn neatly dodged all of their spear formations and ‘carved up’ their archers. That was Cirille’s fault for underestimating how fast his eighteen-odd [Knights] could move. Her own [Riders] couldn’t catch the Skill-boosted [Knights].
Afterwards, she stomped over to Merish and had it out with him again.
“Chief Warrior, this is the sixth time—”
“That was not our fault, no! We disengaged when we heard the horns!”
“A minute late!”
“A minute? We were fighting. We cannot just run off when someone calls the retreat!”
“It was disengaging. Tactical maneuvering! Drakes don’t retreat—”
“I have seen them disengage many battles where my warriors won because we did not keep running around to hold meaningless lines! Either let us skirmish or do not give us so many orders!”
“I need to know where you’re going!”
The Gnoll growled loud enough for his other officers—who were more of leaders from each tribe—to hear.
“No one knows where the battle takes them!”
 
—-
 
“Dead gods. And I thought Cat and Dog-Beastkin fought. Are they always like this?”
Commander Uxel stared at the two arguing commanders as he and his officers relaxed after the practice battle. Three days had passed since the battle for the 5th Wall. In that time, all the irregulars had participated in patrols, but they were mainly there to hold the line.
And practice how to work together. Bastion-General Zavarial was understandably reluctant to send out units who hadn’t drilled together. And because Bastion-General Quiteil had ordered it, the Gnoll and Drake forces were fighting together.
Poorly. Ser Vorn looked discouraged, and he was normally a font of patience.
“I have never been to Izril. But I cannot understand why the two species fight. They both occupy southern Izril, do they not?”
“Yes. Because you Humans drove them south. Sorry, I mean, Humans in general.”
Ser Vorn didn’t take offense as the Gorgon corrected himself. He was only a bit taller than Uxel, even mounted up. The [Knight] nodded at Cirille and Merish.
“But they ally to fight Humans. And the Antinium.”
“And Naga and Harpies. The enemy of my enemy is more of an enemy. But they do not get along. It isn’t Gnolls—it’s Plains Gnolls and Drakes of the cities.”
It was like water and fire. Or ice and fire. Drakes maneuvered, but they loved those tactical formations. Their phalanxes were hard to break and even Uxel had learned to respect the fact that if you attacked the Drakes from the front, you’d end up losing.
His Lizardfolk were better at skirmishing anyways; the Gorgons and Nagas were the fist that added punch to the lighter-weight Lizardfolk, and Lamias and other spellcasters—the main Lizardfolk evolutions—could batter the enemy with spells.
