7.35 C
Page 31
That was one bullet. The revolver she held carried .357 Magnum rounds. Five of them, to be exact. It was a compact model, meant to be a concealed carry as opposed to a larger gun. Sacrificing firepower for size. But she hadn’t been meaning to go to war.
When her father had given it to her as a birthday present, he had meant it for self-defense. If he’d ever dreamed she would be in a situation like this, he probably would have bought her a much more powerful gun.
As it was, the revolver clicked as she swung out the cylinder to show the spent cartridge to her audience. They had a hard time seeing, but she explained.
To someone who understood guns, the evolution in firearms technology had changed massively, such that even small things could…revolutionize combat.
“This is a fast-loader.”
The girl with the gun informed the closest watcher. She showed him the bullets ready to be inserted into the cylinder. She could reload in a heartbeat. Again—in antiquity, earliest firearms had been reloaded manually, with powder and bullets stuffed down the muzzle of the rifle. Giant, ungainly weapons with the accuracy of a toaster.
Now, a young woman from Texas could walk around with a weapon that could kill someone who thought she was easy prey. Very efficiently, incidentally. Even a small firearm from her era had surpassed the crossbow in reloading, accuracy, range, firepower—and it was all in one hand.
Her audience watched. Listening to the explanation. It was not the first time the girl had made it. And she had gotten far, far more questions from every other person who’d ever seen the deadly weapon.
But the ones who listened now…mattered. Well, not in the same way as the others. But she respected them. They awed her.
“…and that’s a revolver. There are bigger guns. Ships. Airplanes that fly faster than anything in the world. We’ve made all kinds of weapons and this is one of the smallest.”
She held the weapon up, unloaded of course—and the sky leaned down to stare at her. Well, not the sky.
“It is small. But weapons your folk make always are. If they are larger, they are larger. Why does it matter?”
One of the last Giants spoke. At last, ponderously. He had taken minutes to reply. It was not that he was slow. It was just that their sense of time differed.
The girl looked up. Flora gestured to the gun.
“It matters because it will change everything. Your world has steel. I mean, swords and spells. This weapon is different.”
“Hm. I see, I see.”
The Giant didn’t move. He just sat there. That one movement had been more than she’d seen him make in all their other conversations. His eyes and mouth were the only things that moved.
“I see it not. It is a small thing. The noise it made was loud. For a small weapon.”
Another voice complained. Female. The other Giants murmured agreement. Flora had to jog around to show it to them. She was panting when she circled back to him.
He was oldest. Tallest. His name was so long that she had given up pronouncing it. It didn’t have the same kind of consonants and vowels—or if they did, it was like the earth speaking. She had taken the first part of the name and called him Callidaz.
The Last of Giants spoke.
“So this weapon is unique.”
“In this world.”
She hadn’t met anyone else with a gun. And she had been assured by people who knew all about war that it was novel. Not all-consuming. If there was just one.
