7.35 C
Page 8
Even much later, when her division was mostly rotated off-duty and she was having a drink and cards with the other commanders, Cirille was still shaken. She took another sip of Firebreath Whiskey.
“Ancestors.”
“Look, would you stop saying that? We all saw it, Commander Cirille. Everyone’s shocked.”
A female Centaur, Wehna, snapped. The Drake blushed.
“Sorry. It’s just—that was a Tier 7 spell? Even Manus can’t just throw them around!”
“Yeah. But in context, it’s not that big. I’ve seen scrolls like that used before. The Blighted Kingdom has a number of scrolls.”
Delezza was at the cards table. Cirille was too rattled to play cards, but more officers than just the commanders had joined the cards-night. Captain Shellc glared at his hand; Lieutenant Ossky was also there to play, but she was actually worse than Ser Vorn at her tells. Every time she got excited, you could see light coming from her nasal cavities or earholes.
Actually—she and the [Knight] seemed equally matched. Commander Uxel was coiled up as Viri—who was an officer for some reason—sipped goat’s milk. Just…goat’s milk. Nothing alcoholic for the Lizardfolk.
Merish had a drink too, but it wasn’t as stiff as Cirille’s—an ale. The Gnoll sniffed.
“You say that. But Tier 7 is a magic even Archmages of Wistram cannot cast easily, yes?”
“Not at all. At least, Archmage Nailihuaile can’t unaided. I think she can do Tier 6? Maybe. But that’s with her staff.”
Viri looked up. Cirille nodded.
“And there’s a scroll? And they used it?”
That horrified her almost as much. Sir Vorn looked up from his imitation of a poker face. Ossky narrowed her eyes as if trying to figure him out. Shellc peeked at her cards.
“They do have more, Commander Cirille. Moreover, the spell saved us the danger of losing more portions of the walls. You may look at it like this: Bastion-General Zavarial did not use the spell until he was certain it was needed.”
“Yes, but…Manus can’t—”
Snorts from around the room. Delezza picked another card.
“As I understand it, Manus can throw similar enchantments from its walls pretty easily. All the Walled Cities can. Maybe not Tier 7—but I’d take a rechargeable Tier 6 spell. Anyways—we used the scroll, and it’s over. Big battle for your introduction to 5th Wall.”
It had been. There were still hundreds dead. Not thousands, which you might have expected against so many titans, but the 5th Wall had drained a lot of its magic. There were huge gaps caused by the fighting, but repair work was underway—astonishingly quick.
Some [Geomancers] had literally repaired parts of the wall by raising permanent walls of stone. It wasn’t as polished, but by nightfall, no gaps would exist in the temporary 5th wall.
The real danger was the Demons. They’d used the battle as a distraction to break through across 5th Wall. Unlike 4th Wall’s sturdy enchantments and overwhelming force, 5th Wall wasn’t done so they did this often. Now, every village and settlement past the 4th Wall was in danger. Lord Hayvon and many units were hunting for them and Cirille had been informed her division would be helping with that or patrolling.
“What I do not understand is why the Blighted Kingdom has such spells. Even a Great Company lacks for the ability to use such scrolls. I have no doubt every nation has some in their vaults. But to use one so readily?”
The Gorgon, Uxel, got nods from around the room. Cirille had no doubt Manus had similar artifacts in the deepest vaults. But they’d been reluctant to use them even in the Antinium Wars except as last-ditch spells.
