7.35 C
Page 19
“That may be so for a practice engagement, but would you trust that to an actual battle, as we are simulating, Commander?”
She raised one brow.
“Do you see any paint on the other [Riders], Ser Vorn?”
The [Knight] checked his besmirched armor. Then frowned at the Drakes celebrating.
“…Huh.”
Commander Uxel had lost, but the Gorgon was in such a good mood after discovering Tom’s comedy that he barely cared. In fact, the Gorgon slithered over after the second loss.
“Commander Cirille. I’m interested by these tactics. Give me your Drake spears.”
“What?”
The Gorgon pointed.
“I will give you Viri and a [Mage] division. I want to see what Drake spears do.”
She blinked at him. And then…the pieces fell into place. The Drake glanced at their lines.
“I think, Commander Uxel, we need to practice against some Rhirian forces.”
The Gorgon grinned.
“Only if we can hit them harder.”
That did make Cirille smile. Merish too.
 
—-
 
By the end of the day, the formations between the joint army had changed. Instead of Drakes taking to the front, they’d adjusted their lineup. It looked more like this:
Drakes still formed the heavy front line. There was nothing like their tight formations for stopping a charge or giving one. But now Gorgons and Lizardfolk formed key wedges, ready to smash into weak points. They had the offensive power and speed that Drakes lacked.
Merish’s Gnolls joined the archers and heavy infantry, mainly. Where they had to stay in the fighting, the Gnolls with enchanted weapons were best.
And meanwhile, all three species’ spellcasters hung back with the [Archers], sheltered by Drake formations. Ossky’s wing, as the only fliers, kept up aerial pressure and more mobility along with Ser Vorn’s [Knights], who were the heavy cavalry that every other species lacked.
But the kicker that made their formation the best was…well, the Gorgons. Cirille had to admit it; Uxel’s abilities didn’t extend to just venom fangs, the enhanced scales, or his height or brawn.
Gorgons and Medusae shared sight-attacks. Gorgons were weaker; they just made the enemy’s muscles lock for a second or two. But when you were maneuvering, a second or two made all the difference. He’d used it to break Drake formations for the last three days. Now, the mixed army took apart six different groups of Rhir’s forces in skirmishes.
Bastion-General Zavarial pronounced them fit for patrol duty. Cirille shared a celebratory drink where even Delezza’s usual sharp tongue was absent. All the [Demon Huntress] did was smile.
“Took you long enough.”
The significance of the words didn’t sink in until that night. Cirille lay down, inebriated after long drinking with Uxel and Merish; Ser Vorn had declined, citing an aging body. She closed her eyes…and heard it.
 
[Foreign Commander Level 33!]
[Conditions Met: Foreign Commander → Combined-Arms Commander Class!]
[Skill: Copy Weapon Art obtained!]
[Synergy: Gnoll-Drake Command obtained!]
 
Her eyes snapped open.
“What? What’s—”
She would find out the next day. The next day—reinforcements came from 4th Wall. Cirille found out about her Skill.
And a [Message] came from home.
 
—-
 
That day, Commander Cirille woke up to chaos in three different barracks. Commander Uxel, her forces, and Merish’s division were all filled with confused soldiers, asking questions and receiving little answers.
Bastion-General Zavarial was not pleased. The half-Elf came striding over himself to find out what was wrong this time. And just when the irregular companies had finally begun working together!
“Report. What is it?”
