7.35 C
Page 12
Mobile, adaptable. Lizardfolk came at you full of surprises, which was how they liked it. By contrast, Drakes had organized archers, mages, and of course, their spears and other infantry. They were hard to break up, and they loved forming lines from which to slowly wear you down with ranged fire. But break up their tidy formations and they struggled.
Gnolls were different from both races. They were mobile, but not as fast as Ser Vorn’s [Knights]. They were individually strong, and tough. Not as much as Gorgons or Nagas, but possibly better than your average Drake; Merish’s two thousand were certainly better than the average [Soldier].
They were also excellent archers, and very quick to react. But they didn’t like huge engagements. They preferred to hit and away.
All of that was great on paper. But in practice—the Gnolls just had a different sense of timing than Cirille’s soldiers. They hadn’t drilled to obey an order no matter what was going on and it showed.
“If we don’t make our forces work together, we’ll never leave 5th Wall. Why does Bastion-General Zavarial force those two to join commands? I would switch with Merish.”
Uxel grumbled. Ironically, even the Lizardfolk and Drakes worked together better in their practice battles. They were both scale-folk, and the Drakes, worn down by the Lizardfolk constantly waving and being cheerful, had adopted a grudging respect for them.
But Plains Gnolls and City Drakes. Ser Vorn adjusted his helmet, flipping up the visor. He replied cautiously.
“As I understand it—it isn’t General Zavarial who insists on the match. Bastion-General Quiteil was the one who instituted the change for the march and he has refused to rescind the order.”
The Gorgon swung his head sideways, tongue flicking out. As always, he admired Ser Vorn’s stallion—mainly because he was hungry and he could see the heat emanating off the nervous horse through his infrared vision. The [Knight] effected not to notice the drool.
“Bastion-General Quiteil has his reasons, I’m sure. And before you ask, Uxel—he is Bastion-General of 4th Wall. Which apparently means he is the highest-ranking member of their number. 4th Wall being most important. Rhir politics.”
Both sighed. Cirille was stalking away from Merish, and the Gnoll was talking with his people, clearly just as mad. Uxel checked the sun in the sky.
“Very well. Another day wasted. Let’s retire. A game of chess? Go? Cards?”
The [Knight] nodded and they headed back towards the 5th Wall. Ser Vorn checked his lighter money pouch and shook his head.
“I refuse to play Delezza. I can’t help but think that she cheats. Uses her skills or magic.”
The Gorgon Commander’s mouth opened and stayed there. Ser Vorn glanced at him.
“What? I know it’s a dishonorable accusation to throw around lightly, but—”
“No…no. You’re right. But you just noticed that? Now?”
 
—-
 
“I don’t know what to do. Why are their tactics so incompatible with ours? Sergeant Rhikel. You first.”
Later, Cirille was frustrated, standing in the temporary war room for her division. Drakes stood around the table. And two Gnolls.
Both were lower in rank and were not normally added to this discussion. But something had to be done. It had been three days and other groups, like Paxhal’s flight, had been chasing down Demons. They were raiding, but until the Gnolls and Drakes could work together, the four-unit army of Ser Vorn’s heavy cavalry, Lizardfolk under Uxel, and Cirille and Merish’s forces weren’t allowed to patrol.
