7.35 C
Page 13
It was earning them derision from the other nations. A Minotaurian [Axe Captain] had pointedly asked Cirille only yesterday over the nightly gambling and socialization—dice that night—if she wanted to trade commands. He’d offered to switch with Merish. Two thousand Gnolls for four hundred warriors from Minos. The [Captain] had implied it was a good trade.
But Quiteil—damn him—had refused the request even after Cirille had made it, despite the embarrassment it caused her.
“Well, Sergeant Rhikel?”
The Drakes stared pointedly at the Gnoll. He was a City Gnoll and looked very unhappy. Rhikel saluted.
“Permission to speak, Commander?”
His accent, way of standing, even method of speech were more in line with the Drakes. Cirille nodded. The [Sergeant] struggled for words.
“I am a City Gnoll. I understand it is…not something Drakes think of.”
“We understand the difference, Sergeant.”
The Gnoll nodded cautiously, and so did a [Lieutenant]. The Gnolls studied the ground or air and Rhikel went on after a long pause.
“Yes, Commander. But I believe—you think of the difference as just location. Plains Gnolls are completely different. Life in the tribes is completely different. When you command a joint force of Gnolls from the tribes, you are not in charge of a number of army units. It is a collection of warriors, each with their own style and tactics.”
“And? I am working with Chief Warrior Merish and Commander Uxel and Ser Vorn. Why is his group the most difficult?”
The [Sergeant] hesitated.
“…Perhaps because his job is the hardest, Commander. Harder than yours?”
“What was that, [Sergeant]?”
Captain Shellc narrowed his eyes. The Gnoll snapped to attention and stared straight ahead. Cirille knew that expression.
‘I said the truth even though I knew it wasn’t going to make you happy and here I am.’ It was amazing how much you could read into a look if you’d made it yourself.
“Captain Shellc, desist. Explain, Sergeant Rhikel. Chief Warrior Merish has two thousand Gnolls under his command. We have five times that number. Commander Uxel has any number of Nagas, Gorgons, Lamias—and Lizardfolk. And you know what a nightmare they are for military discipline.”
The others chuckled, even the two Gnolls. They had seen Nagas angrily berating Lizardfolk who wandered around, left their duty, or just caused trouble. What a nightmare. Rhikel’s smile lasted a second.
“Yes, Commander. But of the two thousand Gnolls—there are probably over a hundred tribes represented there. Some sent only one or two warriors, but most sent someone. And each is different and…prideful. I imagine Chief Warrior Merish has trouble even…er…getting them to maneuver. Let alone executing precise commands. I’m impressed he has managed to keep them from infighting.”
“Infighting? But they’re all Plains Gnolls!”
Dismayed, Cirille looked at Ossky. The [Lieutenant] looked just as puzzled. Rhikel cleared his throat.
“Yes. Some of whom have blood feuds or quarrels. It cannot be easy, Commander.”
The Drake officers looked at each other. After a second, Ossky opened her mouth.
“Thank you, Sergeant. Dismissed.”
The Gnolls saluted and marched out of the room, clearly relieved. Cirille blinked the spots out of her eyes.
“Great. So the Gnoll forces are even more splintered than we thought.”
“Hah. Just goes to show, Commander. They need discipline. We work together and I’m not from the Walled Cities. But I can follow orders, even if I think Zeres is shit.”
“Hey!”
“Sorry, [Bannerman]. I hate seafood.”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
