7.35 C
Page 7
On 4th Wall, Bastion-General Quiteil felt a tremor that ran through his room. He sat back down, removing the gloves. He looked around, found a cup, and took a drink of tea.
“Cold.”
He grimaced.
 
—-
 
When he reached the walls, after the silence, Richard saw a field of ice. It covered nearly a mile from the place the spell had struck.
“…Fuck.”
Vincent stared over his shoulder. The pillar of ice stood out of the ground where it had cracked and frozen the earth. Around it stood—corpses.
The frozen copies of the serpent-thing. Richard hadn’t known if they were alive or just enchanted somehow. Either way—they were dead. They had been turned to ice.
So had the main body. The…collective was dead. A few forms were oozing away; the ones that had managed to flee to the edges of the blast-zone.
Nothing remained. Not monsters, not Demons. Everything where the Tier 7 spell had hit was gone. Turned to ice by the magic.
The fighting at the wall had ceased. Attackers and defenders alike had stopped to stare. Until Bastion-General Zavarial reminded them of their purpose.
“[Geomancers], seal the breaches! Send forwards all riders—I want that monster dead!”
He aimed an arrow and shot a Demon through the chest, armor and all. 5th Wall’s forces advanced. Commander Uxel, grinning, ran through a lumbering Demon nearly as big as he was, with horns and tough skin—but not tough enough. Richard looked around.
“…I think we’re done.”
Emily announced from her point on the wall. The [Knight] looked at her.
“There’s fighting to do. Vincent, Eddy, on me.”
“I’m done. We won. My god. Why do they need us?”
The [Hydromancer] just kept staring. Richard went down the walls. Tom was laughing and pursuing monsters past 5th Wall, ignoring orders for him to come back. But Emily just stood there.
She was over Level 30. Level 34—which was insane for a [Mage] to level so fast. In a way, she had eclipsed Richard and even Tom, who hadn’t even used his latest and most horrifying Skill.
But this? This was beyond anything she could imagine.
“Why do they need us?”
The [Hydromancer] looked around, repeating the question. It was Bastion-General Zavarial who eventually responded. His keen ears had picked up the question.
He shook his hand out; he had gloves since he was an [Archer], but frost still clung to them. Still—whoever had made that scroll was no idiot. It wasn’t permanent frostbite.
“Lady Emily. That spell might be beyond your abilities today. But it is just a scroll. Even for dire need, we hesitate to use them and the Blighted Kingdom has saved and commandeered every such artifact we can. In times of need, we will spend a thousand times that in a single battle. That is the power of planning—such as Bastion-General Quiteil excels in. Which is why he is the most trusted, glorified commander of the kingdom’s army, serving on 4th Wall.”
Emily looked at him, face pale. The half-Elf went on, still shaking his hand out and looking around, seeing what had to be done to rebuild and chase after the Demons who’d gone rampaging in the now further-unsafe zone.
“…However. In time, you will have that power if you live. That is why you are here. And if you cast that spell once a battle—we will drive the Demons out of hell itself. I promise you.”
“I’ll do that?”
Emily looked past him. The pillar of ice, the arrow stayed in the ground, freezing everything. Her eyes locked on it. An act of god, if god still existed. Since it wasn’t—it was just a spell. Cast by mortal hands.
It lasted for six hours before disappearing.
 
—-
 
“Ancestors.”
