7.35 C
Page 4
Someone screamed. Captain Shellc saw a rush of bodies leaping, cavorting, even twirling past him. Painted faces. The Drake’s mouth opened as the Gloomless Troupe ran straight into the monsters.
“Spears—halt! Push forwards!”
He shouted desperately, but it was too late. The [Clown] and his followers ran straight into the monsters unsupported. A Cilewalker slashed one huge arm and half a dozen bodies went flying into the air. Captain Shellc cursed. He saw the Humans swarm forwards. And they…
Didn’t stop. The Drake saw a huge insect-creature tear one of the Humans apart. Another, a young Garuda with a beak painted white to match the paint on her face leapt into the air. She tangled with it, stabbing. It had six cutting appendages it turned on her and was three times her size.
The [Jester]-Garuda giggled. She had a knife. She stabbed and stabbed as her blood and feathers fell out of the sky. The insect-thing tore her apart—but only when it separated her arm from her body did she stop stabbing.
“Ancestors. What—”
A [Clown] was climbing onto one of the tall walker’s heads. He stabbed a dagger repeatedly through the brain as it tried to throw him off. Then he vanished.
“[Storm of Stabs]. Hah! This is so much fun.”
He landed. The Cilewalker collapsed, bleeding from dozens upon dozens of cuts. Captain Shellc just stared. The laughing Humans were still advancing. They moved up until they were fighting with the monsters.
“Fall back! [Archers]—stop shooting!”
Commander Cirille was bellowing. The Humans were so far in the other forces were in danger of hitting them with arrows. Still—they kept moving. And they bled. Dozens of colorful bodies were already on the ground. But they laughed and laughed. Even the monsters seemed unnerved by it.
“Madness.”
Captain Shellc whispered. He heard a strange tune in the air. Some kind of…cheerful song? His scales crawled. The monsters at the breach hesitated. They began moving back.
Even the outside sounds of the rest of the battle dimmed. The [Clowns] were laughing. They advanced, grinning despite mortal wounds. The laughter was everything in the world. They threw themselves forwards, following their leader.
And the monsters fled. They just turned around, or crashed into other groups of [Soldiers] rather than fight the mad things. Captain Shellc shook his head. The song was in his head and so was the laughter.
“F—fall back. Take position at—”
The Drake caught himself. He hadn’t received orders to retreat. But even his [Soldiers] were slowly moving back. The [Swordsman] caught his breath. He dimly heard a horn. Looked away from the insane troupe—
Another wall exploded as a titan fell on it. More monsters surged over the body. And then—came the Demons.
 
 
—-
 
The walls collapsed in another breach. Cirille pointed.
“Captain Shellc! Redeploy and cover that breach!”
She shouted rather than use command signals because the Drake wasn’t listening. He’d ignored her last three orders. Something about the [Clowns]? They’d ruined her formations but they were holding the breach by sheer slaughter and the terror they seemed to be inflicting on the enemy.
“1st Fliers—prepare to support 4th Infantry!”
Lieutenant Ossky saluted. Her single wing of Oldblood fliers took to the air, preparing to swoop down and attack.
“Commander Cirille—pull your Drakes back.”
The counter order came just as Captain Shellc finally pulled back. The Drake turned. She saw armored figures, wearing strange leather, armed lightly.
