7.36 C
Page 8
—-
 
Cirille ducked. The huge claw made of bone passed over the wall. She heard a scream, distant; someone had been hit. A [Soldier] from Rhir, a Human, was carried off the wall. She screamed the entire way down.
“Hetarria!”
The [Commander] had few weapons capable of killing something this large. A ring with a one-use [Fireball] spell, her sword, enchanted—a few Skills if she had a company or more at her back.
“I’m not doing it! I’m trying to control—stop! Hetarria to the Necromancer Corps—report to my position!”
The Drake pointed and the Bone Behemoth froze again. Wavering. Hetarria was fighting—something. The huge, orange eyes glowed as Hetarria bellowed.
But no one heard. Cirille looked around. The darkness encompassed her position. And she heard the faintest echo of someone shouting.
“…what happened? Something just…”
She stumbled left, as the Bone Golem raised another fist. A colorful man leapt past her.
“It’s gone rogue! Where are the lights?”
Tom the [Clown] looked around. Cirille ran forwards, towards the voice. It became louder. Not thirty paces ahead, a [Soldier] was shouting. Suddenly, his voice was a roar.
“Something just swept the [Sergeant] off the walls! What was it?”
A full-bellow. Cirille saw him whirl, bringing his sword up. She blinked at him.
“Bone Behemoth.”
“What?”
The [Soldier] stared at her. Cirille pointed.
“It’s attacking everything in sight! It’s right—”
She turned. And the giant undead was gone. Swallowed by the blackness. Yet—it was there.
Why was it so dark? Tom stared about. He giggled, high-pitched, uncertain. Staring at Cirille.
“Are you serious? You’re asking what’s happening? You two?”
The [Soldier] had a deep frown on his face.
“I think…I think we need to report this to Bastion-General…”
“The [Necromancers]. Hetarria needs support—”
Cirille was nodding. She turned, and Tom kicked her in the stomach. She had armor on, but Cirille still doubled over.
“Sir Tom! What was—”
“We are under attack, you idiots!”
The [Clown] howled into their faces. The [Soldier] and Drake looked at him. Tom spun, a desperate look in his eyes.
“Rogue undead? Darkness? Am I the only sane insane person here?”
Under…attack? Something in Cirille’s brain went click. She shook her head. And then clutched at it. Why hadn’t she picked up on all of this before?
“—wrong. What’s—my potion.”
She fumbled for something at her belt. Tom whirled back and saw the Drake take a gulp of a single potion. Her eyes cleared. She took one breath and screamed.
“Ancestors!”
Pain! The Clear-Mind Tonic was like snorting salt water while plunging your face into a freezing bath condensed into a single moment. Her nostrils ran and her eyes did the same. But it worked. Suddenly, the obvious revealed itself.
No torch-lights. Unnatural darkness. Rogue undead?
“We are under attack! There’s a mind-fog spell in the air. Sound the alarm!”
The Drake whirled. The [Soldier] blinked at her, stupidly. Then he grabbed for his horn at the same time she did. They both blew a shrill blast of sound into the air.
No one answered them. Cirille took a breath and blew again. By rights, she should have set everyone within miles to high-alert and they should have instantly taken up the call. But her war horn provided virtually no response. The Drake, panting, lowered the horn and heard something.
“…hear that? It sounded like an alarm.”
“…you sure? It’s too faint to…”
“Silence spells. Vision spells. And something’s numbing our minds. This—how far does this spell reach?”
The Drake stared about wildly. Tom was shouting down over the walls.
