7.36 C
Page 29
Cirille saw the undead turn back to her once. It saluted. Then plunged into the lines of Demons, cutting a swash through them without end. Roaring without sound.
The light came from the heavens and destroyed it a minute later.
 
—-
 
They held the line. The tidy formations were ruined. Drakes fought with weapons seized from their allies. Minotaurs falling back with Gnolls.
How long? Cirille heard laughter. She saw the last Champion of Rhir fighting.
Tom was laughing. Barely two dozen of his followers left. They were all covered in blood. Theirs and the enemy. He was cutting through the Demons.
“Fake! Fake! You’re all worthless! Am I even killing anything?”
He raged at the Demons, screaming and laughing. Each time he seemed close to death, a body or chance came between him and the blades meant for him.
[Devil’s Luck]. The [Clown]’s laughter sounded like despair.
Merish was holding a section with his Gnolls. He stumbled. Cirille spun.
“Merish! [Enhanced Shields]!”
Drakes surged forwards with Dwarves and a handful of Dullahans. The Gnoll staggered upright. He clutched at the arrow shafts in his chest. The magical dyes on his fur flickered. Even his magic was running out.
He tore the arrows from his fur, roaring. The Demons around him died as the Gnoll charged into them. His axes shone—and went dull. The Gnoll kept fighting. He drove one of his blades into a Demon’s throat. Then—staggered again.
Half a dozen arrows in his fur. The Gnoll gave Cirille a miffed look. He collapsed.
Merish! She was fighting towards him. Again—again—
Uxel reared up. He had one scimitar left. He was fighting towards where Viri had fallen. Nagas and Gorgons fell around him as he cut forwards. Captain Shellc was advancing past the lines. The [Swordman]’s blade blurred. Faster than anything around him.
The lines were collapsing. Cirille raised her sword.
“Until the dawn!”
Uxel screamed. A demon had severed his serpent’s tail. He spun—and another bore him down. They dragged the Gorgon down to earth. Shellc disappeared in a cluster of Demons.
It was just her. Cirille limped towards the wall. They were making their stand there. Backs to stone—the Demons advanced.
“Dawn.”
She swung her sword and watched a fresh Demon [Soldier] deflect it. A Gnoll ran him through with a spear and was cut down in turn. Cirille looked up.
Where was it? How long had they been fighting? Her eyes widened.
Wait—above, an orange glow. The Drake saw a ray of light peeking out of the darkness.
At last. She laughed and raised her sword. Pointing up.
“The dawn! We did it! Hold on, the d—”
Silvenia descended through the heavens. Cirille looked up, frozen. The half-Elf was carrying fire. She pointed down.
The [Commander] looked up at her, with bitter despair. She raised her sword—
The fire seared her from this world.

 
—-
 
The last commander lay dead. Silvenia floated just above the ruined walls, looking around.
“How they f-fought.”
She laughed. Her body shook with the strain of battle. The half-Elf floated, freezing for a micro-second as she spoke or moved. Wounded.
Yet invincible. The irregulars were targeting her. The arrows bounced off the magical shields; the half-Elf ignored them. She stared about.
“Well, those are enough survivors. Fall back.”
The Demons retreated. Bewildered, the few hundred irregulars stared upwards. The half-Elf floated past them—
A knife pierced one of her barriers and halted in midair. The half-Elf frowned. Then she twisted—
