7.36 C
Page 4
The two looked at each other a few moments too long. Cirille threw a salute out of desperation, resorting to her training.
“Carry on, Mage-Captain!”
She did a smart about-face and marched off. Only when she was safely down the walls and heading back towards her barracks did Cirille pause to smack her head into a wall. A passing Centaur gave her an odd look.
Idiot. She should have done that better. But it was done. Cirille sighed. She half-wanted Hetarria to refuse. It would make her life easier. Still—she hadn’t lied.
Someone was waiting for her at the Drake’s barracks. One of the [Messengers]. She had a note for the Drake.
“Message from Salazsar, Commander. Authenticated. The Wall Lord wants to request confirmation about the [Message] you sent.”
“Already?”
Cirille’s heart began pounding. She took the note with her claws. It was shorter than she’d thought. And the contents…she read it slowly. Then she looked up.
“What is this? I didn’t send—‘walls like cheese’? Do you know what this is?”
“I just run messages, Commander.”
The young Human girl stared blankly at the Drake. Cirille looked at the nonsense lines of insulting doggerel and her brows darkened. There was only one person with this sense of humor.
“Sir Tom. Excuse me. Please send a [Message] back to the Wall Lord saying that this was a mistake due to another—gah!”
She strode off as the [Messenger] ran to clarify the issue. Cirille knew where to find the [Clown]. The inn where they loved to perform those comedy bits and such.
“Sir Tom!”
She slammed the door open. The Gloomless Troupe turned, some falling out of their chairs in mock-surprise. Giggles swept across the room and the [Clown] looked up from his drink, surrounded by his followers.
“Commander Cirille! Here to see more comedy? Sorry, but I’m out of jokes! I could stab myself if that helps! Hah!”
The [Clown] laughed. The Drake strode over to him, not in the mood for politeness. She brandished the letter.
“Sir Tom, this is unacceptable! Pranks are one thing, but this has gone too far. Even Vir—even the Lizardfolk wouldn’t do this!”
He was in massive trouble. The [Messenger] hadn’t liked the wrong communications being sent any more than Cirille had. Security was of massive importance to the Blighted Kingdom. Bastion-General Zavarial would tear Tom’s head off.
If Cirille didn’t do it first. But the [Clown], far from laughing, just stared at Cirille blankly. He turned around.
“Is this a joke? Because if it is, I’m too tired for jokes. Anyone?”
His followers shrugged or giggled. But they seemed oblivious. Cirille slammed the letter down.
“Don’t play games, Sir Tom!”
“I’m not! Why does everyone blame the [Clown]?”
A huge smile spread over his face and he laughed at his own joke. But then—he snatched up the letter before Cirille could shout again. He read and blinked.
“What…is this? ‘Salazsar is naught but cowards and thieves…bring down your walls like cheese?’ That’s insane. Who rhymes like that? I could do better. This is insane, and I should know! But I didn’t do it.”
He handed the letter back to Cirille. She blinked. The [Clown] looked serious.
“Sir Tom—don’t play games.”
“I didn’t! This time!”
He grinned at her, which was an unconvincing move. But he sounded genuine. Cirille glanced around, suddenly confused.
“But if you didn’t do it, then who? Communications are strictly monitored. I thought only you would have access to a [Scrier]…”
The [Clown] stood up.
“You think they let me near a [Scrier]? I tried sending a [Message] to the Singer of—but I’m banned. Could it be one of the Lizardfolk? They’re funny.”
