7.36 C
Page 15
Just minor things. Perhaps she was holding her tongue and being civil. Perhaps she thought he wanted a full count.
He didn’t deal in ‘perhaps’. Quiteil touched another stone.
“[Scouts]. Report in. 5th Wall.”
Rhir had sentries posted in the dangerous lands between here and 5th Wall, watching for infiltrators. In towers, hidden—each one reported in.
“The Wall looks completely normal from a distance, Bastion-General. I can see [Soldiers] moving about; absolutely nothing of note.”
A [Sharpshooter] informed the Bastion-General. Quiteil nodded. He had conducted a perfect survey of 5th Wall. All was well. He sat back in his chair. All was fine.
Quiteil didn’t go back to sleep. Slowly, he keyed another stone. And then another, simultaneously.
“Commander Uxel, report in. Ser Vorn, report your status.”
His eyes flickered at the pause before their voices reported. Slowly, Quiteil pulled out an hourglass of sand and flicked four stones.
 
—-
 
Commander Cirille looked across 5th Wall. And at last, she saw hell.
Demon [Soldiers], coated in metal, climbed onto the wall from ladders. They had claimed two gates and were storming the walls from the inside. In the distance, she saw places where the wall had been overrun.
All before her division had even reached the battlements. Captain Shellc stared around, his mouth open.
“Impossible.”
But it was happening. The area around Cirille was the most stable. She saw Rhirian [Soldiers] fighting with the Demons, holding their lines.
Because of Bastion-General Zavarial. The half-Elf’s arrow had dispelled a massive radius, lifting the enchantment and buying the precious minutes needed. Now, his commanders were pushing forwards, trying to retake the walls.
“Commander, we need to link up with our other forces! The Demons are trying to seize the gates! Take your forces and push across the wall until you reach reinforcements!”
The sub-[General] bellowed. He pointed down the wall; Cirille saw the Demons fighting there. Tom and his Gloomless Troupe were advancing down the other side, but they’d already taken heavy casualties.
“Yes sir! Captain Shellc, move forwards! Spearwall formation! Where is Bastion-General Zavarial?”
The two [Commanders] hung back, shouting. The sounds of battle raged around them, but there was still that eerie silence. And now—Cirille saw black walls ahead and behind of her. The world cut off past those points. They were enclosed by some massive enchantment. Her scales tingled.
Tier 7? Or…higher?
“Dead. I saw him fall before something destroyed the siege tower. We have yet to receive word from 4th Wall. We are sending [Messengers] on foot, but—”
Both heard a shriek from above. They ducked and an [Archer Captain] bellowed.
“Harpies diving! Take cover!”
The [Archers] aimed up. But the figures flashed past the wall. Cirille saw a Harpy up close—a female figure, garbed in light cloth armor, with no legs or arms. Instead—a bird’s massive wings and talons for legs. Only her torso was humanoid. Her face was twisted in a snarl as she dove—
Below, a [Messenger] dove. But the Harpy dragged him up and then dove and dropped him. Cirille saw the body hit the ground.
“Harpies?”
“Yes. No Demon Giants. No [Mages]. They have archers, but no siege weapons—the Harpies only number a few hundred, but they have the skies! They only go after our [Messengers]! I don’t understand it.”
The Demons were attacking with numbers rather than any kind of army. Cirille looked around.
“Have you tried—”
The Dullahan snapped at her.
