7.36 C
Page 21
“Sir Richard. There is a powerful enemy [Mage] in the area. You should fall back.”
The flat voice came from the [Destroyer Knight], one of the Shel’s Cleansenborne. The massive man—or was it woman?—turned their helmet to regard Richard impassively. The unit was holding the gates and wall.
“But the wall—”
“Our orders are to ensure the safety of Rhir’s Champions. This battle is too dangerous. Fall back. We will attempt to clear the Harpy blockage.”
They were circling. Richard hesitated. But the giant soldier left no room for argument. Richard moved back, waving to the other Earthers. Emily fell back, protectively shielding Chole. Her spells hadn’t been working right.
“Find Tom. I think his group was on the walls near—”
 
—-
 
“[Hammer of the Obsidian Giant]. [Pillar of Frost]. [Pillar of Lighting]. [Implosion Well]. Now you may advance, Bazeth.”
She was laughing.
 
—-
 
The Shel’s Cleansenborne and the gates vanished. Richard saw something open in the air. And then contract. He recognized it. Something like a black hole—
The huge warriors were dragged towards the opening in the air. They screamed—the one near Richard thrust him back. Desperately—he—she—clawed at the ground. But the force sucked them into the air, into—
Pop. It vanished. Richard, screaming, found himself falling to the ground. A few feet away from the place where the—the—
Something lay on the ground. A sphere of—Richard looked at the walls. The gates. They were gone. A hole had been torn open in 5th Wall. And then he looked up.
 
—-
 
“—”
Cirille lay on the ground. When she got up, the gates were gone. She didn’t understand.
There was a hole in the wall. The explosive force—a giant, shimmering hammer made of black stone had—she didn’t understand.
“—”
The Drake said it. She looked around, blankly. Why was there a hole in the wall? That wasn’t right.
Two bright lights caught her attention. They were sweeping down the wall. One froze everything it touched. The other arced, electrifying, dancing from body to body.
She didn’t understand. The Drake saw a Gnoll running towards her. His ears were bleeding. A Gorgon seized her, slapped her face. Ser Vorn was looking around, shouting—
“—coming—”
She looked blankly up at Uxel. At Merish. Slowly, Cirille let them drag her forwards. Ossky was on the walls. The parts not destroyed, that was. Shellc was lying on the ground, trying to breathe. A piece of rock had hit him, shattered his ribs.
“Commander.”
At last, Cirille heard. And saw. The Demons were pouring over the walls in the areas cleared by the spells. They were attacking the shattered gates. And behind them—
 
—-
 
Silvenia’s voice was fragmented. She clutched at her chest. The magic—her face flickered.
“Silvenia.”
Flora looked at the broken wall. The half-Elf was doubled over in pain in the projection. But she grinned around the blood dripping from her nose, eyes, mouth—half of her face.
“See? Advance—advance!”
No tactics in it. No strategy. It was just more fun this way. Flora heard the first piece of armor moving. She saw the first body step out of the barrier behind her. Bazeth whirled.
 
—-
 
Reinforcements. A second wave of Demons walked through the wall. A second horde of infantry, as many as the first. Cirille looked at them blankly.
“That’s not fair.”
Ossky looked at the line of bodies, marching fast. Cirille looked around.
Command was dead. Bastion-General Zavarial was dead. Both gates at their location were broken. Spells had cleared sections of the wall. Demons were coming.
