7.36 C
Page 39
The [Lord] watched them go until he was out of sight. The dead vanished. They were not there for him. Their duties had ended. At last…
They were going home.
 
—-
 
Dragonspeaker Luciva was breaking her fast when the Gnoll found her. Spearmaster Lulv raced into her dining room and shouted.
“Dragonspeaker! Our army has returned from Rhir! Commander Cirille is standing at the gates of the city!”
“What?”
The Drake shot from her chair. From Rhir? Had they been recalled? Or had the Blighted Kingdom sent them back? Why hadn’t there been a communication?
“High Command to me!”
She thundered down the steps. A crowd was gathered at the gates. Bewildered citizens. Officers as well.
And soldiers. Luciva was glad to see it. It was too stupid to be a ploy, but she did not believe in making mistakes.
“I detect no magic at all, Dragonspeaker.”
“Then open the gates. Let them in. Prepare for anything.”
If Commander Cirille had returned without sending word over some incident, Luciva would have her stripped of her rank and imprisoned. The Oldblood Drake waited, her breath cracking with tension.
“Lady Rafaema, stay back…”
Lulv was guarding the true treasure of Manus. Rafaema stared as Drakes and Gnolls marched into the city.
Only a thousand or so. Manus hadn’t sent many; all the major Drake cities contributed to the ten thousand or so that went to Rhir. Cirille marched with Lieutenant Ossky and ranks of Drakes at their back.
But their precise formation was—odd. The formation split up, some Drakes breaking ranks to move towards a waving figure in the crowd. And there were absences; not all the Drakes that had been sent had returned.
That was to be expected. Even so, Dragonspeaker Luciva bellowed.
“Hold your ground! Commander Cirille, forwards! Explain yourself!”
She and a group of Manus’ highest commanders advanced as the lone Drake walked forwards to meet them. Cirille stood at perfect military attention. Neither afraid nor nervous as she should be.
“Commander Cirille. Why are your forces here?”
Dragonspeaker Luciva stared at Cirille’s face. The Drake paused. She looked around her city and inhaled, the scents of Manus filling her nostrils. She looked at Luciva and saluted. In a clear, carrying voice that the city heard, the Commander spoke.
“Dragonspeaker, I regret to inform High Command of the complete annihilation of my division sent to Rhir.”
The leader of Manus stared at Cirille. This was no joke. She reached out with a snarl.
“Commander, have you taken leave of your—”
Her claws passed straight through Cirille. Luciva froze.
“Ghost! Magical weapons forward—”
One of the officers cried out. But Luciva stopped them. Cirille hadn’t had the deathly chill of the undead. Luciva looked at the Drake.
“Commander?”
There were cries from the crowd. The other soldiers, Ossky included, were finding family. Friends. They walked through walls and people.
Memories. The Drake [Commander] kept her salute. Her eyes locked on Luciva. And they were filled with tears. She paused—took a shuddering breath, and then the words flowed forth.
“We encountered a superior foe the last night. Hundreds of thousands of Demons assailed 5th Wall and magic broke the earth. Our own spells were rendered useless. We perished in defense of the Blighted Kingdom.”
No one spoke. Cirille went on. She stared at her home, then looked ahead.
