7.36 C
Page 18
Chief Warrior Merish roared. He spat frost and lifted a glowing axe. Magic? The Gnoll brought it down and turned a Demon’s face into paste. He howled and the [Shamanic Warriors] fell back.
“Merish! The [Knights] are charging!”
A Gnoll howled. Merish turned. He saw three dozen [Knights] riding into the Demons from the side. Ser Vorn, the Order of the Thirsting Veil and four other [Knight] Orders charged.
The Demons fell back as the Humans charged in. One second—five—their lances stabbed, and they cut with swords, thrust spears home. Then they turned.
“Disengage!”
Ser Vorn’s voice was ragged. They’d charged nearly two dozen times already; a fifth of their number had fallen.
“We cannot hold this ground!”
Merish howled at the [Axe Captain], Kerten. The Minotaur raised his axe. He clutched at his side; someone had torn out half his guts. Merish slowed.
“If we fall back, the walls are lost. For the House of Minos!”
The [Axe Captain] bellowed. The Minotaurs answered him in a roar. Their axes fell like thunder. Merish nodded to Kerten. The Minotaur saluted him.
“Hold this ground, Merish. [Honor Guard], with me! We will close those gates.”
The Minotaur raised his axe. A dozen Minotaurs moved forwards. They began cutting into the Demons.
“Kerten!”
Merish bellowed. The [Captain] advanced. Merish saw one body fall. Then two more. The Demons pressed around them. Merish fought forwards with the Gnolls. Then he heard a welcome sound.
“Chief Warrior, fall back! Join the ranks!”
Cirille. The Gnoll whirled. He saw Drakes charging forwards. The Minotaurs moved back, as Drakes and Lizardfolk suddenly reinforced their lines. They began to push.
“Plain’s Eye Tribe, to me. After Kerten! Cut them apart!”
“Gorgons—with the Gnolls!”
Uxel screamed. Gorgons and the magical warriors followed the Minotaurs into the breach. Merish bared his teeth.
“[Enchantment: Flashfire].”
He swung one axe. The explosion blew a Demon’s face off. The Gnoll lifted his other axe.
“[Enchantment: Leaden Weight]!”
The second blow caved in a metal shield. The Gnoll roared. He saw a Gorgon leap; Uxel landed and his scimitars whirled, cutting the soldiers around him to bits.
“Close those damned gates!”
The [Soldiers] fought for the locking mechanism. Slowly—slowly—the gates began to close. Cirille took one group of archers left, aiming for a clear spot.
“Loose! [Instantaneous Reload]! Loose!”
Two ranks of Demons fell, armor bristling with arrows. Merish heard shouts of triumph. He howled. The gates slammed shut. The soldiers cheered. Merish wiped at the blood and sweat running down his fur.
“Kerten?”
The [Axe Captain] was dead. He had fallen at the gates as they closed. Two of the [Honor Guard] remained. Merish crouched next to his body.
“Chief Warrior.”
Cirille approached, panting. Her blade was wet. Merish’s head rose. Ser Vorn rode forwards. Uxel. Four [Commanders].
“Kerten is dead.”
“Damn.”
That was all she said. It was inadequate. But they had no time and Merish knew it. The [Commander] pointed at the walls.
“We’ve taken back one gate. Shel’s Cleansenborne just shut the other. We have to secure those walls! Merish—how are your warriors using magic?”
“What do you mean?”
The Gnoll was confused. He’d seen the other Drakes using their breath abilities. But then he realized; the Lizardfolk and Drakes hadn’t been using their spells.
“Nothing under a Tier 4 spell works! Our [Mages] are having to link to punch through whatever’s covering us!”
