7.36 C
Page 32
“You must be the Bastion-General. I killed your friend.”
Silvenia pointed down at Quiteil. A beam flickered down from her fingertip as she called the [Arrow of Winter] to life. It struck a shield around Quiteil. Disappeared. Silvenia frowned.
The Bastion-General ignored the half-Elf. He was checking his calculations. He side-stepped; the beam twisted to hit his protective spells. Oh well. Then he spoke.
“[Unstoppable Command]. Attention.”
His voice echoed across the walls. In the war room of the Kingdom’s palace. Bastion-General Quiteil cleared his throat.
“By my command as Bastion-General of 4th Wall. I authorize Tier 7 Spell: [The Thousand Gateways of Orlaey]. Loose.”
Silvenia blinked. She saw 4th Wall g—
 
—-
 
Archers on 3rd Wall saw the portal opened and loosed the enchanted arrows. Nereshal raised his staff.
“[Time Slow]!”
The [Archers] in the Citadel put Deathslayer arrows to their bows and loosed. Nocked a second arrow, loosed again. The bubble of time collapsed after three seconds—the portal vanished.
4th Wall lit up. Every [Archer] group loosed into the portal spell. And at the same time, portals opened up around Quiteil.
Across the wall, hundreds of portals opened for a second, discharging glowing green-black-white arrows which shot forwards. They twisted, seeking the source of magic. Behind them came enchanted arrows, exploding, using Skills, or just locked on by the Bastion-General’s calculations.
Silvenia vanished. The magic detonated in the air, and the first volley consumed everything. Quiteil shielded his gaze. But the spell wasn’t over.
Open. Close. Open—arrows poured through from all four walls and the capital. One thousand volleys. Quiteil saw something flashing. Magical barriers breaking down. Spells absorbing the arrows meant for her.
But she did not die. Quiteil peered upwards. He saw the half-Elf floating in the air. Panting. She had tried to teleport—and failed. Quiteil heard her voice.
“Well done.”
A single arrow fell from her arm. Magic moved, healing the wound. Silvenia looked down at him. She should have been triumphant. But she was not. Quiteil for his part was displeased.
“You. I don’t l-like you.”
She aimed a spell at him. Quiteil activated another Tier 6 scroll. The walls began shining again.
Silvenia flew backwards, and he saw barriers appearing in front of her, hundreds. The Bastion-General held up a hand. She called at him, frustrated, enraged.
“My spells will tear your wall apart, little man! Match me with your magic and I will break your kingdom in twain!”
“I decline. I am no warrior. I will drown you in arrows instead.”
She howled at him, casting another spell. Quiteil broke it as 4th Wall’s enchantments activated.
“[Spellbreaker].”
“I broke your 5th Wall in a n-night!”
“You will not do the same for 4th Wall. This is a triumph of logistics. Of mathematics. Archers—make ready for a second volley.”
The half-Elf froze, stuttering again. Her face—Quiteil’s eyes narrowed.
“Your Majesty. Now.”
 
—-
 
Othius IV rose from his throne far away. He shouted a Skill and spent one million gold pieces.
 
—-
 
The skies opened. Silvenia looked up. A golden ray shone down. She flung up her hands—
“[Greater T—]”
The beam blasted half of her enchantments away. The 4th Wall opened up with a second volley. The half-Elf flew as the [Golden Rays of Rhir] burned from the heavens. The Blighted King’s Skill. She howled as her skin turned to gold—reversed the transformation.
 
—-
 
Quiteil watched as Silvenia vanished. The rest of the rays missed. He did the calculations on gold spent.
“Your Majesty. She is wounded.”
