7.36 C
Page 14
But that was Quiteil’s vigilance. The Bastion-General demanded more details from one [Commander]. Then he checked the other walls. 3rd, 2nd, 1st—and the capital reported all was well.
“5th Wall, report in. Code is…”
There was a brief moment of silence as Quiteil checked the war-maps. Nothing of note on 5th Wall. And then he heard Zavarial’s voice, crisp, a bit irritated. It was close to midnight, after all.
“Code Shelten-Khelt-[Brigand]-Dirt. All is well, Quiteil.”
“I see. Thank you. Apologies for the disturbance.”
The Bastion-General closed the connection. He sat back and had a few thoughts.
The code was good. No issues there. Second, no other disturbances anywhere else. All was well.
However…Zavarial was awake at a late hour. But that was perfectly natural and it had happened before. Many times, in fact.
Still—he was not Bastion-General Quiteil for nothing. The man keyed another stone.
“Commander Cirille. Report in.”
Until he was fully confident, he would do this all night. He had before.
 
—-
 
It took them three minutes for Cirille’s company to arm. Which was no time at all in most circumstances. Far too long for a night attack. But the Drakes and Gnolls were armored and assembled. After three long minutes.
The explosion that had shook 5th Wall from overhead hadn’t repeated itself. Nevertheless, Cirille waited, vibrating with nerves. She had sent Shellc’s squad ahead, and was bellowing at her officers to get above now!
She was just about to go above when her speaking-stone chimed. The Drake whirled, eyes wide.
The magic was working! None of her [Mages] had been able to send [Message] spells! Not even conjure [Light]! But now, she heard Bastion-General Quiteil responding.
“Commander Cirille. Report in. Night code is Invinctel-Surreptitious—”
“Bastion-General! We’re under attack! Er—Code Viridian-Adamantium-Salazsar-Terrium!”
The Drake shouted into the stone. She heard nothing from the other side for a second.
“Bastion-General, the spell is widespread and there are Demons on the walls. Unknown number; they had suborned command of undead forces and—”
“—this is Commander Cirille. Code Viridian-Adamantium-Salazsar-Terrium. Nothing of note to report, Bastion-General.”
Cirille heard her voice, coming from the speaking stone. The Drake froze.
“I see. Commander, how many arrows are currently stockpiled in your division?”
“I’d…have to consult my [Quartermaster], Bastion-General. One moment.”
“Bastion-General!”
The Commander screamed, but she knew it was no use. Someone was mocking her. And Quiteil’s voice was distant.
“No, never mind. Apologies, Commander Cirille.”
“Not at all, Bastion-General. Cirille out.”
The stone went dead. Cirille stared at it. That had been her voice, perfectly replicated. Her claw tightened around the stone. Then she heard a voice as the stone lit up for a second.
“Out of curiosity, how many arrows do you have?”
The Drake threw the stone to the ground and smashed it with the heel of her boot. She whirled.
“Officers, our speaking spells are compromised! 4th Wall is not aware of the attack! We need to find Bastion-General Zavarial and send word now! Move out!”
She ran for the wall. She never found Zavarial. The place where he stood was ash and burnt stone. And the Demons climbing the ladders had turned the wall into a bloody battleground. The Drakes advanced.
 
—-
 
Quiteil sat back in his seat. He had a few more thoughts.
He’d asked about arrows just the other day. It was conceivable that Cirille had forgotten. Also—she had been quite pleasant despite his history of interrupting her speech.
