7.36 C
Page 22
“I…how? How did this happen? It should not. A Great Company would have feared to attack this wall! This should not be happening!”
Uxel looked around. His face was blank. His hands shook as they clutched his scimitars.
“Who has done this?”
Merish looked around. The Gnoll stared up at the skies. Blood matted his fur. Cirille turned around again.
“I see.”
That was all she said. The Drake looked around for a superior. But there was no one. Ser Vorn clutched at his armor, broken in two places. The [Knight] looked up at Cirille. His gaze swept across to the others.
“I fear, friends. That we have no hope of victory. If you would retreat—I will hold this ground.”
The others stirred. Uxel looked around desperately, staring at the sky from which annihilation had come.
“Can we even retreat? The Harpies—and those spells. If they have more scrolls—more magic—”
“Commander. Your orders?”
It was Ossky who saluted. The Oldblood Drake stood at parade-rest, as if she were being inspected in Manus. Cirille looked at her. And she nodded.
 
—-
 
The second army of Demons advanced on the broken 5th Wall. Magic came down from the skies in bursts, in the distance.
The entire wall was under attack. The area that had been held by Bastion-General Zavarial stood—but barely. Other sections had been overrun.
Command was dead. The gates were breached. Half of Shel’s Cleansenborne had been destroyed by a single spell.
Rhir’s forces were scattered. Some were still trying to fall back, in larger groups. Harpies assailed them. Demons pursued. And the magic slaughtered them before they broke through the concealing enchantments.
In a way, it meant those still fighting were safest. Or…hiding. The Champions of Rhir and a portion of the armies had retreated inside the remaining sections of the wall, holding the narrow corridors and defensive positions.
But that meant the Demons could take 5th Wall unhindered. It meant they’d overrun the construction work. Taken the entire foothold the Blighted Kingdom had spent decades establishing.
They had to be stopped. Commander Cirille found the other irregular units drifting towards her position.
The Minotaurs. A handful of Garuda. Survivors from other detachments of the army.
A group of half-Elves, led by the master archer, Springwaters. The half-Elf saw the Drakes holding formation at the gates. The Demons were coming.
“They’ve overrun the walls to the east. Two sections. They’re going to surround us from all sides. Are we retreating?”
“There is no safe place from that magic.”
Another voice. Lacten, the [Martial Artist] of Pomle. He had lost an arm. He reattached another now, sewing the limb on.
“4th Wall might not even know there’s an attack. The enchantment spell—no one can cast magic below Tier 4, besides [Shamans] and Oldbloods with their breath attacks.”
“And our creations are stolen, Commander.”
A final group appeared out of the darkness. The [Necromancers]. About twenty of them remained. Hetarria was being supported by two of her soldiers.
Something had torn off her legs. But the Drake wasn’t bleeding; a cap of bone had encased her shins, and two artificial, primitive bone legs were allowing her to be helped along. She tried to salute.
“I beg to report failure, Commander Cirille. The Bone Behemoth is out of our control.”
Cirille turned her head and saw a huge giant made out of bone assailing a section of the walls. She just nodded.
“Can your [Necromancers] fight, Mage-Captain?”
“Hand-to-hand. Even the wands aren’t working. We’ll try to stop our Behemoth.”
