7.36 C
Page 5
“No, I—no. I’m sorry, Sir Tom. I thought…”
Cirille heard giggling and half-blushed. But now she was concerned. Assuming Tom wasn’t lying, and that was a full possibility…
“I need to ask the message-[Mage] on duty about this. Excuse me.”
She left the inn. Tom followed her outside.
“I’m coming with you. Otherwise Zavarial will think I did it! You can be my witness.”
The Drake didn’t feel like arguing. She stumbled as she left the inn; the night sky was clouded. The helpful stars were out.
“Ow. Damn—it’s dark.”
The [Clown] bounded past Cirille with annoying energy.
“I see perfectly in the dark. Anyone got a [Light] spell?”
Someone muttered, but none was produced. Cirille stared around. The wall was…there. Damn, from behind the wall, the magical lanterns were very dark. Probably good if you were trying to hit the defenders with a bow. But it made walking about a pain…
She was hurrying towards the walls with Tom at her side. The night was dark. Cirille heard little, save for the [Clown] giggling. She turned to him.
“Once more, Sir Tom—will you swear it wasn’t you?”
“Cross my heart and hope someone else dies.”
He laughed at her. Cirille peered at his face. It was very dark. She looked around and realized something was in the way, next to the wall. They’d nearly walked into the Bone Behemoth.
“Ancestors!”
She jumped away from the undead. Tom glanced up.
“Oho! Mr. Bones and his friends.”
The undead skeleton stared ahead, eyes burning in the darkness. They were unnerving. Cirille backed up.
“We must have gone the wrong way. Sir Tom, with me to—Sir Tom!”
The [Clown] had walked over. He passed by the Bone Behemoth’s huge leg and leaned on a skeleton archer’s shoulder. It jerked, trying to support his weight and its head rotated to stare at him.
“What?”
“Sir Tom, don’t antagonize the undead!”
The Drake stared uneasily at the skeleton’s head. It was a Drake’s skull and bones. She could tell; the anatomy was different from a Human in significant ways. But Tom just laughed.
“Demons and Crelers and Fearless, oh my! And you’re worried about these guys? Don’t be silly—”
He pushed the skeleton aside and strode towards her, spreading his arms wide. Laughing. Then he tripped on a stone. He went down, prat-falling, cursing—and the three arrows flashed over his head.
“Tom—”
The skeleton archer lowered its bow and drew an arrow. Tom whirled. Cirille reached for her sword. That idiot had triggered their defense mechanisms! She began shouting.
“Hetarria! The undead are attacking! Hetarria—”
The walls were silent from above. But the Drake had to have heard—unless she’d already gone off-duty? Cirille saw Tom whirl. The [Clown]’s daggers were out and he was moving so fast she didn’t see him. He practically teleported to the skeletons who’d shot at him and slashed them down.
One, two, three. The enchanted daggers cleaved through bone with ease. They crumbled. Tom laughed, shrilly, surprise evident in his voice.
“Well, I guess you were right, Cirille! That’ll learn me!”
“We need to tell Hetarria. Sir Tom, please stop antagonizing the undead!”
The Drake hurried for the wall. The stairs leading up to Hetarria’s post she summited three at a time, Tom following and grumbling.
“…no one worries about me when I’m getting shot at. Bet you Emily would have…”
“Mage-Captain! The undead attacked Sir Tom!”
Cirille reached the top of the wall in a blur. She was panting. Her sword was still drawn; Hetarria backed up, wide-eyed.
“Commander Cirille—what? I just felt three of my skeletons die. Was that—”
