7.36 C
Page 27
She was cursing at the other [Necromancers] as they struggled, freezing the undead giant as it tried to swipe across the lines of defenders. Then Hetarria’s expression went calm.
“Commander. I think I can stop it.”
“What? Then do it—”
The [Mage-Captain] just nodded.
“I’ll buy you a few minutes.”
She walked forwards as the other remaining [Necromancers] shouted at her. Cirille didn’t see Hetarria—she was looking around.
The last [Knights] fell back, with the Lizardfolk as another Naga died. Uxel stared blankly at the place where Ser Vorn had fallen.
“Where are our reinforcements?”
Cirille whispered. Did they not know? But look—the barrier still covered 5th Wall, for nearly a mile behind and back. She had to imagine whatever was still casting magic in the distance was creating an illusion.
Break it. Break through. But how? The Harpies had the air. They were attacking everyone who ran for the barrier. They’d see it at once, or the magic-user would—
A thought. Cirille’s eyes flickered. She looked up. The Harpies flew in ragged formation, shrieking, striking targets of opportunity.
“Lieutenant Ossky.”
“Commander?”
The Drake was leading the remaining [Archers]. She had not flown in the skies. It would be…suicide. She had less than thirty Drakes now, capable of flight.
“Lieutenant. I want you to fly. Take the battle to the Harpies.”
The Oldblood Drake paled. Cirille cut her off.
“Fight them. Pretend you’re trying to clear our position. Then fly higher. Every Oldblood with a breath attack—once you break through the enchantment, use it. That is your order.”
Ossky looked at Cirille. Her eyes flickered. There were at least four times as many Harpies up there. And the magic was coming from above. Cirille waited.
The Oldblood Drake saluted.
“It will be done, Commander. 1st Wing. To me.”
 
—-
 
“Hold your ground! Hold! I said—”
Captain Shellc was reaching for the healing potions he’d used up for the umpteenth time when he heard the bellow from above.
“First Wing, to the skies! Archers, supporting fire!”
The skies? The [Captain] stumbled back, away from the walls, for a clear view.
“Ossky! Are you mad? Come back! Come—”
The Drakes flew. Two Garuda joined them, shedding their armor. The Drakes were armed with a single weapon each, and their armor was light.
They flew. At first, the Demons didn’t seem aware of their presence. The Harpies were incredulous. They dove at the Drakes, shrieking, maneuvering in the air, as agile as Garuda. The Drakes were heavier. Slower.
But they could breathe magic. The sky lit up.
“Ossky! Come back!”
Shellc roared. But he heard another voice, bellowing from the walls.
“Lieutenant Ossky! Fly! Aim up!”
Drakes were falling from the skies. The last two Garuda went down, tangling with Harpies. They had armor too. And Skills. Ossky’s light flashed and the Harpies screamed, blinded. She was flying higher. But the Harpies tangled with her.
 
—-
 
She wasn’t going to make it. Cirille saw the Drake struggling; the Harpies were dragging at her, trying to shred her wings and throw her to earth! There were too many! The Drakes closed around her, fighting, breathing flame and then air that knocked the Harpies back. Ossky fought to get clear—
An arrow struck one of the Drakes protecting her and he fell. The Harpies closed in. She slashed at them with her sword, cursing. But she was panting, unable to breathe again so rapidly. Cirille saw wings—
And a flash of scales. Something flew into the sky, past the arrows. High—higher. Like a bird.
“Viri?”
