7.36 C
Page 19
“At least there’s no elites. The Demons are sending low-level infantry at us in waves. There are thousands of them, but we’re holding. Back up to the walls—Ser Vorn. How are your [Knights]?”
“We have lost seven of our number. But we can still fight.”
“In that case—hold the ground in case they breach the gates! I’ll post Shellc and half of Uxel’s forces here. The rest of you, with me!”
Cirille raised her sword. And this time—Gnolls, Lizardfolk, Drakes, and Minotaurs moved as one. They took to the walls. Merish panted.
“I don’t understand. Our magic works just fine. But we are [Shamanic Warriors] and [Shamans]. Perhaps because it comes from our tribes—”
“There’s some kind of enemy enchantment. Yeah. Look—we’ve taken back parts of the wall!”
Cheering. Merish saw the walls were still struggling, but the Demons had been pushed back to distinct fighting zones.
“Commander! Acting-General Telvir wants your forces to hold your position!”
A messenger landed next to the officers. Viri. He ran towards Cirille, his little stick carrying him across the wall in another hop. The Drake turned to him.
“Viri! We can still fight—”
“Hold! The Demons are trying to overrun the gates! Keep them closed! That’s orders!”
The Lizardman panted as he pointed at the commanding officer, who had set up a command station further along the walls. Cirille bristled, but nodded tightly. It made sense. Merish saw the Demon numbers were crowding around the gates and ladders they still held. They still outnumbered 5th Wall’s defenders, but only just.
“We need to get word to 4th Wall. If they haven’t seen the darkness already.”
Uxel was panting. The Gorgon was a fierce fighter, but suffered from the frailties of serpents as opposed to mammals; he couldn’t fight as long and overheated in battle. Merish nodded, and then he spotted something.
“Look. Over there!”
Two groups were moving. The Harpies in the air dove after a group of nearly a hundred [Riders], making for 4th Wall down one of the main roads. The [Messengers] were moving in force. They were loosing arrows and the defenders on the wall were harrying the Harpies.
A second group took wing as the Harpies were distracted. Garuda. They flew, more agile and faster in the air than Oldblood Drakes, speeding past the distracted Harpies, higher and higher into the air.
“Paxhal’s wing. Lucky bastard gets to run for cover.”
Uxel grinned. He didn’t mean it. Merish’s heart lifted. He turned back to the [Riders]. They were fighting clear as well; the Harpies were under attack from all sides. They just needed to get past the shadow-barrier. 5th Wall could hold. It had to. Merish turned back to the fighting as Cirille pointed.
“Get your Gnoll [Hunters] on the wall, Merish. I want arrows raining down on the Demons. And your [Shamans]! Viri—tell General Telvir that we have some spellcasters in action!”
Merish turned and howled a command. The little Lizardman leapt off to deliver the news.
Gnolls streamed up the walls. He stared grimly into the milling, faceless Demons below. Fodder. But they had killed Kerten. His eyes narrowed as he stared past them.
There. On the far side of the magical barrier. Was that…a Demon? He stood alone. No—no, wait…there were two of them. One wasn’t in armor. Merish turned to the [Far Hunter] on the walls.
“Can you hit that target? Looks like an officer.”
“I can.”
The Gnoll drew his longbow, anchoring himself. He sighted—loosed.
 
—-
 
Flora stared at the carnage. Demons were dying. Falling off the walls, assailed from arrows and cut down.
“We’re losing?”
