7.36 C
Page 1
“Well, 5th Wall could support them if we hooked them into the mana reservoir. The trick for undead management is to run with a heavy [Necromancer] compliment. Most people think quantity is all we can do. But this Bone Behemoth has seen nearly forty three years of service. It’s been ground into dust, smashed to bits—but with more [Necromancers], we can keep it fighting an entire battle. A dispersible, regenerating giant-class fighter…”
She broke off, blushing in the shadows.
“Sorry, Commander. [Necromancer]-talk. Er…I meant to say the Behemoth might not be as tall as other titans, but it’s been custom-made. Reinforced. It could down a regular Bone Giant easily.”
“So there’s craftsmanship among [Necromancers]?”
“The best of all worlds, Commander. We craft like [Golem Artificers]. We create like [Summoners]. We can conjure vast armies or go singular. The only downside is…our creations go rogue.”
The Drake from Rhir saw Cirille nod. Hetarria eyed Cirille as the Drake stared down. She coughed.
“If yo—I’d b—I’ve…wondered what Izril is like, Commander.”
Cirille turned her head, surprised.
“You’ve never visited?”
“Not once. My parents—well, one of my grandparents—were from Izril. And my parents went back and forth. [Traders]. But once I started studying [Necromancy] in the magic schools, they told me never to visit.”
“I see. I’d say that’s…appropriate.”
“Necromancy really is outlawed there, isn’t it?”
“Yes. Terandria as well. Baleros and Chandrar are less restrictive, or so I understand.”
“They are. I’ve been meaning to visit. Use my vacations or take a leave for a year or two. See the world. But you know, Commander, I wanted to see the Walled Cities most of all. What are they like?”
“Beautiful. Contained worlds of their own, Hetarria. You can live your entire life in one and never want for diversions. Some people do.”
The Commander stared dreamily out across the empty landscape, towards Monarch’s Pass in the distance. Hetarria sighed.
“Funny. I want to visit. I imagine they’re nothing like what I think. I’ve seen mage-pictures of course. But I don’t know why I miss something I’ve never seen.”
“Perhaps you could visit someday.”
The [Necromancer] smiled crookedly.
“I doubt it. I am a [Necromancer], Commander Cirille. And I don’t plan on changing.”
“I know.”
Cirille turned her back to the wall and stood there, leaning on the cool stone. This was a harder thing to say.
“I owe you an apology, Mage-Captain. I let my beliefs get ahead of me. We are both soldiers; we fight together.”
“Thank you, Commander.”
Hetarria’s eyes widened. Cirille held up a claw.
“With that said—I still hate undead. I can’t help it. Even if I didn’t grow up hearing about The Necromancer, they still unnerve me. Using dead bodies…whose are those? I mean, the skeletons?”
She shook her head. Hetarria glanced down.
“Volunteers.”
“You mean, people actually…”
“Of course. It’s a choice. There’s a registry. Some volunteer as bodies for necromancy. Others for um…the [Golem Artificers]. Blood magic. Different things. It is a choice. But we have enough bodies.”
“Incredible.”
The Drake Commander shook her head again. She hated the idea, everything about what Hetarria was saying. But she didn’t say it out loud.
“I can’t see that point of view, Mage-Captain. But I admit: [Necromancers] are a useful asset on the battlefield.”
“Thank you, Commander. I…wish we’d been assigned to Huntress Delezza’s squad yesterday. But she hated undead. It’s fair; Noelictus was built on the undead and it still has problems from them. Undead can be terrible.”
