7.36 C
Page 40
“I was honored to fight by Humans, Lizardfolk, Gnolls, Centaurs, half-Elves…I regret my inexperience led to our defeat. We were unable to strike down the enemy. The Death of Magic has overrun 5th Wall. But she was too slow to take 4th Wall. We stopped her. We did not run.”
The Death of Magic. Luciva felt cold sweat beading on her scales. Rafaema looked wide-eyed at Cirille.
“We did not run. Captain Shellc survives my command. But Izrilian forces have been for all intents and purposes eradicated on Rhir. The Deathless have returned.”
Manus shook. The people looked uncertainly at Cirille and then to Rhir, so distant few thought of them. Hell stirred.
“Commander…”
Luciva looked at the Drake. She was no simulacra. There she stood. She held back tears. The Drake’s salute quivered. But she stood in front of the Dragonspeaker, to deliver the last message. Cirille took a deep breath, and then bellowed.
“The Demons have superior spellcraft and new weapons. They have been our end! The Blighted Kingdom cannot stand alone! Commander Cirille of Manus, to the Walled Cities. I request reinforcements.”
The Walled City rang with her voice. Dragonspeaker Luciva stiffened. She heard voices rising across the city. She turned and the High Command answered in one word.
“Granted!”
Cirille smiled. Her form was flickering. Like a candle going out. Luciva wanted to reach for her again. She stepped forwards.
“They are coming. So—rest. Commander Cirille, you have done your duty. I relieve you from your post.”
The Drake nodded.
“Thank you. An honor to serve, Dragonspeaker.”
She stepped backwards. And her burdens left her. The clouds over Manus parted as dawn broke at last. Cirille looked up and smiled. Bitterly. With regrets. So many. But—her job was done. She had left the survivors. Now, she had come home.
The sun shone through the clouds and the Drake sighed. Light was too heavy for her soul, and it vanished.
She left. The other souls said their goodbyes and regrets and vanished. They disappeared from the world.
 
—-
 
Not just in Manus. Commander Uxel greeted his company. Lizardfolk walked into their homes. Ser Vorn knelt before his [King], answering the frantic questions until he vanished. Springwaters walked into a village of half-Elves for the last time.
From the House of Minos to the gates of Deríthal-Vel. In Chandrar—the Strongest of Pomle rose.
“Lacten?”
The [Martial Artist] bowed.
“Strongest. I was far too weak. I have seen the Death of Magic. I cannot touch you. I am dead. But I request one last match. To show you how I lived and died.”
The [Martial Artists] of Pomle watched as Orjin wavered, and then raised his fists. The Stitch-Man took a stance. They fought and Orjin touched nothing but air.
The dead left. But they were not forgotten. And thanks to a Skill—a terrible, wondrous Skill—they spoke. Conveying regrets, triumph…for an hour at most.
It was not enough. But it was a Skill every commander had wished for. Aside from the power to turn time itself back.
Now—look. The nations of the world stirred. The Death of Magic lived. Wistram trembled or hungered. Az’kerash stopped for a moment. And his eyes blazed with hatred for the same foes he had fought in life.
The Dragon sighed. He heard war on the wind again—as if it had ever stopped blowing. But best laid plans fell to ruin. The King of Destruction frowned, and checked himself, as if sensing another foe at his back.
The Demons. Hell was no longer safely contained and it mattered to everyone. To the Necromancer, to allies and foes. The Titan of Baleros hesitated a moment as he laid his plans.
