7.36 C
Page 34
“Lord Hayvon? Retreat at once!”
He knew the [Lord]. Silvenia had not. She had read a book.
How books lied.
The rain began to fall. The clouds were dark. The soldiers of 5th Wall fought, falling back into the corridors.
The first lightning bolts crackled down from the clouds. Distant, at first. The Demons glanced up as the weather swept over them. The soldiers, worn and exhausted, looked up as the skies brightened.
A bolt of lightning struck a Demon Giant in the chest. The huge figure stumbled. Armor torn. It fell, a gaping hole in its chest.
Bazeth whirled. The Demons were flooding back—a [Mage] raised her staff and vanished.
Another bolt landed, sending Demons flying. A woman rode out of the smoke, slashing into the bewildered Demons. And another bolt struck the Demon Giant.
“No.”
The [Champion] saw a figure emerge as the Giant fell. A lance was planted in its chest. Lord Hayvon looked around.
“Forwards!”
Bolts of living lightning, striking down across the walls. Moving, arcing—turning into men and women on horseback. Where they landed, the electricity turned into people.
“[Riders on the Storm]. Sweep left and right! Clear the walls!”
The [Lord] of Rhir roared. He had crossed the distance from his estates in a flash. His riders swept forwards as the Demons began to flee.
“Silvenia!”
The half-Elf was flying through the air, tearing a vortex behind her with her haste. Lightning twisted in the air, striking at her. She narrowed her eyes.
“Begone.”
She tore the lightning to shreds as Lord Hayvon wheeled his mount. Figures reappeared, falling from the skies. The [Lord] heard a voice from the speaking stone.
“I was unable to slow her, Lord Hayvon. The rest is up to you.”
“Rally to me!”
Lord Hayvon rode after another fleeing Demon Giant. He cast a spear and it struck the giant figure. It screamed as the flesh began to bubble and melt—
“E-enough!”
Silvenia pointed and the artifact went dead. Lord Hayvon felt half of his rings and armor flash—he rode out of the pillar of flames as the half-Elf swooped over the walls.
“[Mass Teleportation]!”
Demons flickered away from the riders running them down. The half-Elf hung in the air. Looking down at the [Lord].
“Your Majesty. I have confronted the enemy. Please confirm.”
Lord Hayvon spoke into the stone. He saw people fleeing the walls at last. The irregulars. And—Richard stopped as he saw Lord Hayvon’s elites.
The [Lord] had taken as large a force as he could for his Skill. Three thousand enchanted [Knights], armed with Rhir’s finest weaponry. They faced the half-Elf in the air.
“That is Silvenia the Traitor.”
Othius’ voice was old. Tired. In his war room, the [King] stared blankly ahead. He looked as though he were dying. He whispered.
“One of the Deathless. We thought they would be recovering another century. How did she heal from the wounds we gave her so quickly?”
“She is not healed, your Majesty.”
Lord Hayvon looked up. Silvenia’s face was a mask of rage as she counted the dead Demons. The lost Demon Giants—six of them. Her expression was twisted with rage.
Half of it. A…portion of her face was gone. Her very head had been torn open by something. Gone. But a magical simulacra filled the gap where flesh and blood and bone should have been. It flickered, and she froze at random.
“Deathless.”
The [Lord] said the word. And his warriors shuddered. The last, greatest weapons of the Demon King. Lord Hayvon spun. He rode down the lines of his warriors, reshaping themselves. Silvenia was ordering her forces back, ignoring the protests of her commanders. She waited alone.
