7.36 C
Page 0

(I am taking my week break for this month to rest and recharge after this chapter. I will be back on the 28th for Patreon readers! August 1st for Public readers!)
 
“Mage-Captain.”
The Drake stood to attention and turned as Commander Cirille walked up to her post. At night, the [Necromancer] was one of only a few of her class awake.
It was necessary. To ensure the undead never ran rampant, Rhir demanded they were watched at all times. A level of monitoring that meant night-watches and no undead ever strayed out of eyesight. The last thing the Blighted Kingdom needed was an undead invasion.
But they did use undead. The Drake from Izril looked down at them and couldn’t suppress the shudder of revulsion.
The funny thing was that…her combat experience with undead was actually quite limited.
People remembered Az’kerash, the Necromancer’s campaign into Izril during the last great war. But while his wrath and ruin had fallen heaviest on Liscor; the undead he’d animated had indeed plagued Pallass and got as far as Manus.
But they hadn’t been a military threat. They had overrun smaller settlements, but they’d been crushed in every major engagement. The plague of undead had been a plague. Too widespread to eliminate easily. In a straight-up battle, Manus had crushed even armies three times their size.
Without a [Necromancer], undead were generally weak. Revenants were one thing, ghost-types or unique undead with minds another. But…
The Bone Behemoth stood, eyes illuminating the dark night. Magic lanterns provided vast areas of illumination, but it was still dark. The glittering stars in the skies, the undead’s eyes—nothing ruined her night-vision.
“Commander. This is a surprise.”
Hetarria’s scales glinted under the different light sources. She saluted crisply. Which was a surprise. Then again—she was a soldier of Rhir.
Military, Drake—and quite affable. If she wasn’t a [Necromancer], Cirille would have gone out of her way to make friends. Well…the last few days had been full of changes.
“Captain Hetarria. Am I distracting you?”
The [Necromancer] hesitated. Her eyes flicked to Cirille’s face, watchful, and then she glanced at the undead Bone Behemoth.
“Not at all, Commander. The behemoth doesn’t need tending to. It’s got orders to stay put and defend itself; regulations have me here, but I don’t need to do anything.”
“Ah. So you’re not drained of mana? I hear [Summoners] need to constantly give magic or something.”
Cirille leaned on the stone battlements. Hetarria shrugged.
“That would be accurate, Ma’am. Summoned creatures aren’t meant to hang around long. Undead are different. A horde can generate death magic enough to sustain itself. We…have a few support units. Bastion-General Zavarial authorized it.”
She pointed. Cirille saw a line of skeletons standing behind the Bone Behemoth. She felt another shock; they were armed.
“Skeleton archers?”
“That’s right. Supporting fire. They climb on the Bone Behemoth and shoot; we got the tactic from Oliphant-riders from Chandrar.”
“And all the dead bodies mean you don’t have to upkeep them. Smart.”
Hetarria smiled, unguarded. She had a white grin; her teeth were in excellent condition.
