7.36 C
Page 17
Forwards. The Drakes screamed and Gnolls snarled. A Demon cut through their ranks, breaking through one section. Others followed.
“5th Squad—fall back! Decles Tribe—forwards!”
Gnolls advanced on the gap. They swung huge clubs, overpowering the Demon’s shields and weapons, battering them down. The [Barbarians] howled, fighting—
“Decles Tribe—fall back! 8th Spears, forward! Ossky—covering flash!”
Light. The Gnolls, their fury spent for a moment, fell back, drinking stamina potions. Ossky opened her mouth and the Demons were blinded.
“Advance the spear wall!”
Formation. Thousands of hours of drilling, all for this. The front lines moved forwards as individual squads fell back, never giving the enemy an opening.
“They’re going down like flies, Commander!”
Shellc retreated, panting, a cut on his arm. He took a single gulp of potion and it closed. Cirille looked around. It was true; the Demons were falling back. They’d covered nearly two hundred paces on the wall. It felt like a second had gone by.
“Keep advancing! The Demons have the gates!”
It was true. The Demons had taken two gates and were pouring in from there. However, 5th Wall had been built to allow defenders to rally. Checkpoints held the Demons back from flooding up from behind. And as Cirille hit a wider section of the curtain wall she heard—
“Hold! Hold, damn you! Is everyone dead?”
Uxel was holding a section with only his Lizardfolk and a handful of her Drakes and Merish’ Gnolls. The Lizardfolk were fighting hard, but they had lighter, shorter spears, and their slings were doing even less damage. The Gorgons and Nagas were covering one section by themselves; the ground was covered in Demon bodies.
“Commander Uxel!”
Cirille bellowed. The Gorgon whirled. He grinned; his scimitars were covered in blood.
“Cirille! Guard yourselves!”
“Shields up! Gorgon stare incoming!”
The [Soldiers] hid behind their tall shields. Cirille saw Uxel’s eyes flash. She was a bit too slow and felt the paralysis of her limbs. For a second.
“Charge!”
The Demons had been stunned. Now, Cirille’s forces moved in, hacking them down before they could regroup. Uxel’s forces linked with hers.
“Where’s Merish?”
“I don’t know! Somewhere below—they’re trying to close the gates!”
“We have this wall—company with me! Uxel, can your forces fight?”
He bared his teeth, his scales gleaming.
“We’re fresh! But my Lamias are useless! Two of them managed Tier 4 spells, but they don’t have the mana to keep fighting!”
“Our [Mages] too. Wait—Tier 4?”
Cirille put that out of her mind for a second. She pointed.
“Serpent-crusher formation!”
“Nagas and Gorgons forwards! We’re taking the stairs!”
The Drakes and Gnolls made room for the two Lizardfolk species to take the vanguard. Cirille chanced a glance over her shoulder. She saw no more Demons—yet. Rhir’s [Archers] were on the walls with the infantry, knocking down more ladders.
“We’re good! Move down the stairs! Ossky—take eight squads and the [Archers] and hold this breach!”
The Oldblood Drake broke off and held the area above the gates. The rest descended.
 
—-
 
Below, the fighting was even fiercer. Without the narrow wall, the Demons were trying to push in until they could encircle the defenders from behind. The only thing stopping them were the three races who had rushed to this gate to hold them back.
Minotaurs, Gnolls, and Humans. The Minotaurian line of axes held. Three hundred Minotaurs formed a line, pushing the Demons back. Fighting on their flanks were the Gnoll tribes, led by Merish.
“Breathe and fall back!”
