7.36 C
Page 10
He bellowed; the half-Elf ran out of his quarters. He saw his subordinates staring dumbly at him. Two were shaking their heads, understanding something was wrong. Bastion-General Zavarial swore.
“By my authority as Bastion-General, sound a full-wall alarm! Everyone to the walls! Move!”
His command woke his subordinates from their stupor. They reached for cleansing potions, amulets; a [Secretary] grimly stabbed himself through the hand with a quill and woke up.
“[Message] spells to 4th Wall: ‘We are under a wide-scale spell, at least Tier 5—unknown location, unknown scale!’”
“Bastion-General, speaking stone!”
Someone blew a horn as Zavarial caught the stone keyed to Quiteil’s command. He waited for the other horns to pick up the alarm as his two subordinates produced magical keys to trigger 5th Wall’s alarm system. Even if the horns didn’t work, the spell built into the wall would—
“Triggering alarm and anti-shroud spells, Bastion-General—now!”
A [Defensive Commander] shouted. He unfurled the scroll-key.
Nothing happened. The scroll was dead. Bastion-General Zavarial saw it as he shouted into the speaking stone.
“Quiteil! We are under magical attack on 5th Wall! Mind-shroud spell! We are trying to raise the alarm, but—Quiteil?”
The speaking stone glowed. But nothing happened. The half-Elf paused. He looked around.
“What is happening? Commander, the alarm!”
“We’re trying, Bastion-General! 5th Wall should have anti-shroud spells already, but nothing’s working!”
The [Commander] checked the scroll. The command room was dark. Zavarial realized—many of the magical illuminations that should have been active, everything from Tier 0 [Light] spells to the glow of the enchanted war-table—were all dark.
The magic was dead. Or…suppressed. Zavarial’s hair stood up and he felt a lurch in his stomach.
“I don’t hear any other horns.”
“[Mass Silence] spell. Everyone in this room—get out there and sound the alarm. I don’t care if you have to run across all of 5th Wall. Go. Find every [Commander] and get their forces on the wall. Bastion-General Quiteil, respond!”
The speaking stone was directly keyed to Quiteil’s stone. A Tier 5 [Speech] spell. It shouldn’t be so easily knocked out. The stone was still glowing. Zavarial stared at it. But he heard nothing. He waited a second longer, and then dropped the stone and ran. They had to sound the alarm.
If he had stayed a moment longer, he would have heard a voice laughing at him.
 
—-
 
“Try it again.”
The commander’s mess wasn’t that full this late at night. But there were always those willing to stay up and socialize.
Commander Uxel sat at the table, clearly annoyed, as he sat with Merish, Paxhal, and Viri. The little Lizardman wasn’t really an officer, but he’d talked his way into being allowed into the nightly games with that ingratiating way he had.
Now, the Lizardman was testing his commander’s patience. But it wasn’t his fault! This time.
“Del.”
Viri slapped the card down. But the black fog failed to appear. Uxel cursed.
“What’s wrong with it? Is the enchantment broken? Viri, I swear, if you have broken the cards or this is a trick—”
“I didn’t, Commander! I promise! It worked last round!”
The [Longstick Jumper] hunched his shoulders. Paxhal tried another card. But the magic wasn’t working.
“Maybe it’s a sign we’re up too late? We can find out what the matter is tomorrow, Uxel. Lay off Viri.”
The Garuda yawned. He had flight duty tomorrow. He stood up. Merish perplexedly looked around.
“It’s not just the cards. The lights went out four minutes ago. Did no one else…notice?”
