7.36 C
Page 6
“Sir Tom was leaning on the undead. Then they drew arrows and loosed at him. He would have died but for luck!”
The [Clown] giggled. Cirille pointed at Hetarria—and realized it was with her sword. The [Necromancer] stepped back.
“I’m sorry, Commander. It must have triggered their self-defense commands. I didn’t mean to—”
“No. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to accuse—”
Cirille lowered the sword, shamefaced. Hetarria’s eyes were wide. And in a moment, Cirille had jumped to a conclusion involving a betrayal. An assassination attempt—
And in a moment, shown her real colors to Hetarria as well. The Drake moved back further. Her ivory breastplate was dark, without moon or torchlight.
“It was an accident, Commander.”
“I understand. I apologize. I…I should go. I’ll tell Bastion-General Zavarial. Sir Tom…?”
The Drake looked around. And suddenly, she realized the [Clown] was out of sight. It was very dark. Cirille stared about.
“…Mage-Captain. What happened to the magical lanterns?”
She looked back at the Drake. The [Necromancer] blinked.
“I didn’t notice. It is…dark.”
It was bright around them. But about twenty feet ahead of them it turned practically pitch-black. Cirille felt a prickle on her scales. She turned to look for more lights. How had that happened without her noticing?
There were only a few lights. No stars in the sky. No torches or magical lights on the wall. Just a pair of burning orange flames. Cirille stared at them. At least they provided l—
“Down!”
The [Clown] tackled her to the ground. Cirille hit the stone hard. She saw something huge, ivory-white pass over her head. And the Bone Behemoth’s fist hit the space where she had been. The impact was like thunder. Cirille lay there, staring up at the sky as Tom leapt off her.
“You traitor.”
The Commander leapt to her feet. She raised her sword—and saw Hetarria standing there. The [Necromancer] was pointing at the Bone Behemoth. She spun as Cirille and Tom advanced with weapons in hand.
“No! Wait! I didn’t do anything! I didn’t do anything!”
She flinched. Cirille hesitated. The Bone Behemoth was shaking—its hammer was raised. Tom looked at Hetarria. The Drake was pointing a finger. Trying to keep it from striking? Cirille hesitated.
She put down her sword. What the hell was happening? Then she heard a shout. Hetarria’s scream.
The Bone Behemoth swung again.
 
—-
 
When Flora was done speaking with the Giants, she found them waiting for her. People.
Demons. Some had horns. Odd…blemishes on their skin. Deformities, as small as a finger made of moving glass—or an extra eye.
It touched them, the corruption. The curse of Rhir. Despite their best efforts. But they were proud.
There were sixty of them. Flora caught her breath as she saw one of them, her guardian and friend, Bazeth. The [Champion of Blades] carried his glaive as always. His armor, his weapon, were magic. He had learned to fight in Drath—wherever that was.
But he was a Demon. He nodded to her; the Blight had touched his two horns, turning the tips of them into something like silver, but weak as sand. They flaked away when he moved hard and regrew like hair; faster actually.
Beyond that, he was hale. And the Blight had touched Flora not at all. It had to some Demons, but they had ways to defend against it. The Harpies suffered the most, flying as they did in miasma clouds, far above the stationary cleansing zones.
Yet that had changed. The world changed.
“Are you not going? I thought—you said it was tonight.”
“It is begun, Flora of Texas.”
Bazeth nodded at her. She hesitated.
“Stop saying that.”
“Flora of Earth?”
“Not much better.”
