7.36 C
Page 24
The [Knights] charged. The Drake drew her sword as a section at the gates opened. She shouted.
“6th Spears, Minotaurs on me! [Impact Charge]!”
They hit the enemy and threw them back. Cirille saw a blank face; a helmetless Demon. She stabbed him through the throat, turned—another one cut at her.
“Commander!”
Captain Shellc ran the Demon through from behind. The [Swordsman] grabbed Cirille as she cut again. Again—
“Fall back! Your charge is done!”
That was the only thing Cirille heard. She looked down. Someone had put an arrow through her side. She yanked it out and drank a potion.
Advance. Again and again—the Demons had no fear. No morale to break! A Minotaur squad went down, swinging their axes. The last, her weapon buried in a foe’s midsection, grabbed a Demon and ripped their head off before they brought her down.
Nothing. The other Demons didn’t even pause. They just turned and fought through the gap in the lines. It was worse than fighting Antinium.
“[Shockwave Hammer]! At them!”
A Dwarf brought his hammer down and his warriors moved forwards, in heavy plate. They ignored the blows raining down on them. Cirille breathed. She turned again.
Merish coated one foe’s body with frost and his enchanted axes flashed. A Demon died. He turned—a Demon stabbed him in the stomach. The Gnoll howled.
“Merish!”
A hand grabbed the spear before it could impale the Gnoll. Lacten brought his hand down. He severed the spear and struck the Demon in the face with a blow that snapped the neck, rending armor. He kicked and a Demon flew backwards, metal crumpling. Merish’s warriors dragged him back.
Were they winning? Losing? Cirille didn’t know. She saw the irregulars falling, but cutting down multiple Demons for each one that fell. She looked around.
“Ser Vorn—fall back! Nagas, forwards! Cover his retreat!”
The [Knight] was enmeshed in the fighting at the stairs. His small group pulled back, two [Knights] unhorsed. Cirille saw the flash of light.
But it wasn’t Ossky this time. A shimmering arc cut through the air. She saw a squad of Drakes with spears collapsing. The Demon with the glaive severed their weapons. Then he extended his arm and cut. Armor—bodies—the slash went through them all.
The Drake pointed, almost relieved. The first Demon not like the others. His horns were white at the tips, and he wore some kind of lamellar armor. He moved like he was dancing.
She wanted to kill him.
“Enemy commander! Springwaters—take him!”
The half-Elf screamed a reply. Cirille spun. A group of Harpies were attacking the [Archers]. Ossky was fighting desperately. But one twice Springwaters’ size had seized him. It dragged him upwards. The [Master Archer] plucked an arrow out of his quiver. His broken bow fell from his hands.
“The Village of the Spring!”
He plunged the arrow into the Harpy’s chest. Cirille saw the flash.
 
—–
 
Ser Vorn saw the half-Elf die. The [Knight] from the Order of the Thirsting Veil saluted the sky as the Harpies retreated. Then he returned to his spear.
A little black vial in his hands. He was coating a bit of cloth with it. Rubbing it over the spear’s tip, careful, as careful as could be. His order used poison. The enemy didn’t seem to be affected by it, though. He had watched them fight on even with the most deadly toxins coursing in their veins. But that one…
“Let the lance-arrows fall from Ailendamus’ walls…”
He realized he was humming under his breath. A song. The [Knight] looked up. Two of his Order were left. He nodded to them.
“The Demon Commander.”
