7.36 C
Page 16
“We’ve sent a hundred [Messengers] from every point on the wall! They never make it! Take your command and clear that section, Commander!”
He whirled back to the furious defense. Cirille looked around.
Arrows in the sky. Flashes of light as potions were used, or Skills. Shouting, screams—the Demons made little sound as they advanced.
But no magic. Her [Mages] were helpless. Something was suppressing the magic of 5th Wall. If it hadn’t been, they would have torn this army apart with the same spells.
Something was stalking them. Cirille turned back to the Dullahan.
“Sir, someone was intercepting my speaking stone—”
“I know. Go, Commander.”
She ran, seeking her command. Cirille saw a flash of scales, saw the lines of her forces. Then saw them. The Demons turned, spilling onto the wall.
Like insects. They looked identical. Faceless, behind covered visors. The Drakes slowed.
“Spearwall formation! Squad, on me!”
Shellc bellowed. In front of him, Drakes with long spears lowered them. They kept their shields up as arrows fell in scattered bursts.
The Demons advanced. But their formation was weaker, scattered. They were trickling onto the walls from ladders.
“Soldiers, advance at a walk!”
Commander Cirille drew her sword. She walked, under the cover of fellow [Soldier]’s shields as her division spread out across the wall. The Demons ran forwards, disengaging Rhir’s [Soldiers].
“[Archers]! Loose!”
Lieutenant Ossky had command of the [Archers]. Arrows rained down from Drake bows, downing the Demons. But their armor was tough. The Drake looked up.
“1st Wing—”
“Belay that order, Ossky! The skies aren’t safe! Foot combat! Oldbloods! Prepare to breathe! Advance at a trot!”
The central spear-wall was filled with Oldblood [Lineholders]. They advanced a step ahead of the others. And the Drakes and Gnolls sped up. They marched like thunder, in formation, in step. Faster. Cirille felt her heart pumping.
She saw a Drake go down, crying out as an arrow caught him between a gap in his shield and armor. The other Drakes pushed forward as someone dragged him back, fumbling for a potion. The formation didn’t slow.
Not yet. Not yet—Cirille saw the Demons closing, a wall of them now. Two hundred paces, one hundred—the first stragglers were already running. Now.
“Spearwall—charge!”
At last. The [Soldiers] roared and all the fury and fear they had felt up till this moment, the helplessness of the magic—turned into movement. They charged, and the Demons advanced.
The first wave hit the spears. Demons ran onto the metal. Cirille shouted.
“Oldbloods—breathe!”
Magic fire and lightning and acid—a dozen different effects struck the first rank of Demons. They jerked, burning, freezing—and Captain Shellc roared.
“Swords, forwards!”
They advanced amid the thrusting spear-tips. Gnolls and Drakes hacking at the Demons and parrying blows. Both sides hit each other with a clash of metal. Cirille saw the lines form as the Demons advanced forward, heedless of the casualties. She gritted her teeth.
“Advance. Advance!”
They couldn’t hold this place forever. They had to—
“[Company: Armorbane Weapons]! The spearwall will advance five steps!”
The Izrilian army stepped forwards. The Demons ran onto their blades as their armor suddenly became as tough as paper.
“1st Swords, fall back! 2nd Swords, forwards!”
“[Archers]—loose!”
Light. Ossky blinded the Demons as she flew up for a second. The thud of arrows hitting flesh and piercing armor was one sound. Cirille bellowed.
“The spearwall will advance five steps! Forwards! 1st Spears—fall back! 2nd Spears—forwards! Forwards, damn you!”
