7.36 C
Page 9
“You idiots! Get up here! It’s a raid! It’s—”
“Cirille! The Bone Behemoth is rampant!”
Hetarria was still fighting with her creation. It was assailing the wall, smashing its hand as she ran away from it, like some ludicrous game of cat-and-mouse. Cirille bellowed as she ran.
“Sound the alarm! Send a [Message] spell to 4th Wall! We’re under attack!”
The [Necromancer]’s eyes widened. Cirille saw her put a claw to her temple. Fighting the confusion spell.
Confusion spells? Area-wide? That was a Tier 5 spell. At least! Cirille kept running. The Demons were making a large-scale assault, or a raid! She had to raise the alarm! She had to—
“Tom, with me!”
The [Clown] appeared out of the darkness. A gaggle of the Gloomless Troupe followed. They looked more serious than any of the other startled [Soldiers] on the wall.
“Sound the alarm, you idiots!”
One of the [Jesters] shrieked as she brandished a blade. Another ran to an alarm-gong and began hitting it. The [Soldiers], bewildered, stared at them.
“What—”
“We’re under attack!”
Tom drew his knife and stabbed a [Soldier]. The man cried out and grabbed at his leg. But it worked. The pain and his training made him straighten. The [Soldier] looked around, and then shook his friend.
“Dead gods! It’s a spell! Sound the alarm! Sound—”
Why were the [Clowns] not affected? Madness. Tom laughed, his voice mixed with fear as well as…giddiness? And his troupe laughed as well.
“This way! Central command is below. Move aside! Move—”
Cirille shoved figures aside as she came to a walkway. She came upon a clump of bodies, tried to push at them.
“Move aside! That is an order—”
She saw the figure stumble backwards. Enraged, Cirille grabbed him. She saw a [Soldier] in dark armor, staring up at her. He was clutching at his chest. She looked down and saw blood.
Torn metal. The [Soldier] had been sliced deep. He looked up at her. Cirille tried to catch him as he fell.
She looked up. The clump of figures resolved itself in the darkness. Struggling [Soldiers] from Rhir. Fighting, dying, as other shapes in armor assailed them, hacking at them.
Demons. They turned, identical, horned figures with two-handed swords. They advanced without a word.
They were on the walls. Cirille counted eight. Half were wounded. They made no sound as they advanced. No one had heard them climbing. Or noticed, befuddled as they were.
“Demon attack—”
The Drake deflected the first two-handed cut. The Demons spread out, trying to flank her. She backed up. Feinted left. One raised his sword—
A dagger sprouted from one eye. The [Jester] lowered her hand and threw another.
Laughter. A [Clown] barreled into the second Demon. He grabbed at the air and the sword vanished from the Demon’s hands. Tom ran the enemy soldier through with it and ran past the Demon to stab another Demon.
“Sound the alarm!”
He screamed at her. Cirille saw the Gloomless Troupe flooding past her, teeth bared, screaming and laughing as more figures appeared out of the darkness. The Drake hesitated. She looked around, and then ran for the stairs.
 
—-
 
Alarm. 5th Wall heard it slowly. Too slow. The unnatural darkness, the sudden absence of light provoked little attention in the lower-level [Soldiers]. Something befuddled the senses.
Some of the officers noticed. Before Cirille had even encountered the rogue undead, some safeguards functioned.
Bastion-General Zavarial’s amulet emitted a shrill scream of sound and he shot out of his bed.
“Enemy hex! Sound an alarm!”
