7.36 C
Page 33
The enchantments were coming back to life. He raised the speaking stone; the half-Elf’s suppression effect had waned when she’d been forced to defend herself. Now, she floated far, far out of range of bows or the spells being launched from the walls.
“Bastion-General Quiteil. Code Velten-Pallass-Crelers. Cease fire. This is an order.”
He wasn’t sure if the communications had been manipulated. But codes still worked. The walls went silent. The half-Elf floated in the distance.
Her face. He couldn’t see it anymore, but Silvenia’s voice was audible. It was a hiss of frustration.
“I’ve seen enough. But your 5th Wall burns. And nothing will be left of the ground when I am done. Cower there, Bastion-General. And I will destroy everything.”
She floated backwards, and he saw the air warping.
Delay. Quiteil triggered a speaking stone.
“If you think so, Deathless. You are more of a fool than I thought. You…pathetic spellcaster.”
He did his best. Silvenia swung around. Her eyes narrowed.
“You can’t stop me.”
“On the contrary. 5th Wall will be rebuilt within the week.”
She laughed again.
“There will be nothing to protect.”
 
—-
 
The Demon Giants marched past 5th wall. The rest were besieging the defenders, wiping them out but taking care to preserve their forces. Yet, a third of the forces had marched past the wall.
Why? The construction workers and survivors saw as the first Demon Giant opened a…basket on his back.
Frost spewed into the air, cold vapors as the Demon Giant, heedless of anything else, began tossing objects from the basket into the huge moat being dug. Like a [Farmer], the other giants did the same. They deposited the contents of their baskets across the ground, sprinkling, retreating, sprinkling—
Orange eggs. Glowing little pellets which began to move as the frost spells faded from them. They hatched in moments, burrowing deeper.
Crelers. Not just them. Other eggs, larval creatures, fell onto the earth. A few of the serpent-creatures also disappeared into the soil. The Demon Giants had massive baskets, enchanted to hold and preserve the creatures.
 
—-
 
Silvenia was laughing again. Quiteil’s hand clenched over the speaking stone. Buy another second. He saw something flicker in the skies beyond Silvenia.
Lightning. The skies were dark. Rain was beginning to fall. The Bastion-General nodded.
“I believe your plan will not come to fruition, Deathless. If that is who you are. Your Majesty, can you confirm the identity of—”
“It is her. Silvenia, the Traitor!”
Othius screamed into the speaking stone. Quiteil nodded. The half-Elf frowned.
“Why are you so confident, little man?”
“Lord Hayvon is liberating 5th Wall. You may wish to retreat. Archers, prepare to slow the Deathless’ retreat.”
Quiteil saw Silvenia waver. The half-Elf’s eyes flickered.
“That [Lord]? I know him. The 5th strongest [Lord] in the world? You want to put him against me?”
She was mocking. Bastion-General Quiteil looked at Silvenia. And then he did something rare.
He smiled.
“Ah. You’ve read the book as well. Excellent. I knew funding the book was a good idea. So did Lord Hayvon.”
“Funding…”
The words clicked. Quiteil watched the lightning falling from the sky as the rain fell.
“A word of wisdom, Silvenia. Do not trust everything in books.”
She whirled.
“Bazeth, fall back!”
“Open portals! Slow her retreat! Activate Tier 7 scrolls now!”
4th Wall lit up.
 
—-
 
The Demons were on the walls, trying to finish the survivors. The Demon Giants were sowing the deadly seeds of infestation. Bazeth lowered the amulet as Silvenia’s panicked voice broke in.
