7.36 C
Page 13
The wall stood there. Gray stone, no flickers of magic appearing. Tom looked around. And then he realized—aside from Hetarria, still fighting for control of the Bone Behemoth, he didn’t see any magic.
No magic at all.
 
—-
 
—Dove. Even as his arrow cleared the skies, the half-Elf had lunged. For the stairs, leading down from the tower.
He nearly made it. The half-Elf was halfway down the stairs, braced for the wall when his momentum ceased. He felt himself rising.
“No.”
He reached for a handhold. Anything. But something picked him up. Carrying him higher into the sky.
Around the Bastion-General, the world brightened. The enchantment affecting the wall vanished. The stars reappeared. The alarm began to spread. The half-Elf twisted, seeing the army.
“…sixty thousand. Eighty…dead gods. Quiteil? Quiteil. This is Zavarial. Code Shelten-Khelt-[Brigand]-Dirt. A hundred thousand attacking 5th Wall. At least. All infantry. Some kind of [Mage]. I regret to inform you of my—”
The backup, single-use speaking stone slipped from his fingers. The Brigade-General watched it fall. Always make plans. Quiteil had taught him that. He should have carried two. But he had heard nothing from that one either.
Zavarial felt himself rising higher, into the air. Above the ballista now firing into the mass of enemies below.
He had done his duty. 5th Wall fought. But…the real enemy was invisible to him.
The half-Elf drew another arrow to his bow. A Deathslayer Arrow. It cost over ten thousand gold pieces to produce. It was reserved for only the greatest foes. He had fired one at the serpent-titan. Now, he held the others in his fingers. Looking for a target.
The Bastion-General floated in the air, hundreds of feet higher than the wall now. Higher. Higher. He looked around, his eyes searching the ground for anything. But the Demon [Soldiers] were identical. He spotted a few irregular figures. But where?
Then he heard the laughter. It came from above. Zavarial twisted and looked up. Still higher. He stared, and his eyes widened.
“Who are you?”
He shot before he screamed. The Deathslayer arrow flew upwards, sent by half a dozen Skills to his target.
It winked out of existence. The half-Elf in the skies, hidden among the clouds, laughed at him.
“Goodbye, little [General]. You did well. Thank you for your voice.”
She pointed. Zavarial fell back towards the tower. Faster—faster—he aimed up with two arrows. Shouted—
“[Double Sh—]”
The explosion consumed him and the tower.
 
—-
 
“Hm.”
Bastion-General Quiteil woke up. He couldn’t have said why. Instinct? Paranoia?
He woke up many times each week. Fueled by a sudden thought, some unconscious conclusion, bad food…but the Bastion-General trusted his gut.
Quiteil of 4th Wall had placed his bedroom next to the office where he worked. Cirille had observed it was more like a [Secretary]’s office. Well and so—it was. And his bedroom was far smaller than the room dedicated to maps, communication devices, documents, and so on.
“Night-Commanders, report in.”
The [Secretary] picked at the corruption on his right arm as he keyed a group of speaking stones. Instantly, they lit up as the Night-Commanders on duty for 4th Wall gave their codes and reports. Nothing new. One reported eighteen bats; a completely irrelevant detail in most other armies that would have got him laughed at for paranoia.
Here? Quiteil made a note in case it was shape shifted enemies or spies from some [Beast Master]. Although the wall was enchanted to detect such things and he had sentries with detection Skills.
