7.36 C
Page 11
The [Shamanic Warrior] got nothing but blank looks. Uxel was still frowning. Merish stood up. He sniffed the air.
“…And I don’t smell anything.”
“So? We’re not filthy Humans. We bathe.”
The Gnoll Chief Warrior looked at the Gorgon.
“Uxel, I smell everything. Something is off. Don’t you feel it?”
The Gorgon blinked slowly. Which was also odd. Uxel was quick.
“I don’t know what you mean, Merish. Everything seems fine. Except for the cards. Maybe—”
“Alarm. Sound the alarm!”
A voice. The commanders turned. Cirille skidded into the room.
“Merish! Uxel! Paxhal! Get to your soldiers! We are under attack!”
The Garuda and two Lizardfolk blinked, confused. Merish’s eyes went round. He reacted with an oath, leaping up and knocking the table over.
“What? Are you certain? I didn’t hear anyth—”
Cirille took a page from Tom’s book. She shoulder-charged forwards and punched the Gorgon in the face.
“Ow. What was that f—”
Uxel recoiled, blinking stupidly. Then his eyes went sharp. He hissed as he drew himself up.
“Mind-spell!”
“What mind-spell? I don’t—”
Viri and Paxhal went flying as the Gorgon twisted and his tail slapped then off their feet. They got up cursing, and then looked around.
“But I didn’t even feel it!”
The Lizardman looked around wildly, slapping his cheeks. Cirille didn’t have time to waste.
“Everyone’s been hit. There’s no visibility, hearing—”
“Or smell. How far is the spell?”
“I’ve run at least four hundred feet and it’s still going! Everyone’s affected, on the battlements and not! Get your commands moving. Hit them if you have to—Demons are on the wall!”
The [Commanders] whirled. No time for questions. Cirille ran on. But though she’d done this with sixteen other officers so far, she was desperate. Most of the wall was asleep while the Demons were overrunning them! There had to be a faster way! There had to be!
 
—-
 
And there was. Bastion-General Zavarial could not see far into the darkness. But he saw further than most. He had been a lowly [Archer]. Then [Ranger]. [Veteran Ranger]. [Blightwarden]. And at the same time, he’d risen through the ranks of [Soldier], [Sergeant], [Captain]—he’d skipped [Lieutenant]—
In time he had become a [Blightranger General], an expert at fighting in the Demon’s territory in hit-and-away missions. He had made Bastion-General.
But he was no Quiteil, or another [General] class. His wide-reaching powers came from 5th Wall’s enchantments.
And every single one of them was dead. Zavarial’s abilities now were limited to the bow and sword he carried. He stood on the walls.
“World’s end. They’re everywhere.”
“Bastion-General? What do we do?”
One of his officers looked around, trying to see. But without Skills, his sight only went twenty paces. Zavarial looked around. Then he raised his bow.
“Commander. You will rally the wall. Hold the line and alert 4th Wall. By horse if you must! The spell might extend across all of 5th Wall. Break past it.”
The Dullahan, born on Rhir, saluted.
“Yes, Bastion-General! But the alarm—”
“Keep spreading it. I will punch a hole. Get below. Now.”
The officer ran. Not understanding. Bastion-General Zavarial checked his rings. He had been given six by the Blighted Kingdom, from the treasury. His bow was made from the bones of a long-dead animal, and his arrows were enchanted. He had fired one into the sky and never seen the detonation, although he had known it had gone off.
“Clever. But not enough. I am Bastion-General Zavarial of 5th Wall. I will not see this wall fall without a fight.”
