7.36 C
Page 2
The [Necromancer]’s eyes were shadowed. Cirille glanced at her.
“For instance? I know about Draug…or do you mean Ceiling Crawlers?”
“They’re not what gets bad, Commander. Those are just…strong bodies. I mean, Crypt Lords, Wailing Pits, Dorn Pillars…the ones that think. Every [Necromancer] trained in Rhir’s schools has to study one of them before we’re allowed to animate the dead.”
“I didn’t know Rhir had training academies.”
“It’s not Wistram. But Wistram doesn’t teach [Necromancy]. Ours are utilitarian. We have…more experimental practices. Including captive undead. To study the enemy.”
“What’s a Wailing Pit? Dorn Pillars?”
“Collections of the undead. They…command other undead. They think. And talk. A Dorn Pillar can wipe out a city if it’s left underground. Everything begins animating. It tries to kill and kill—that’s evil. I won’t deny that.”
“You sound like—”
Hetarria brushed at her face.
“I had to spend a night in its company. It was contained. But that was enough.”
An uncomfortable silence fell between the two. Cirille felt her scales crawling again.
“I can’t deny it. I think that’s horrific, Captain Hetarria.”
“Yes, Commander. I understand that. I can’t blame you. But I want you to know that I never animate undead with that kind of—potential. Never. I’m a [Soldier]. I also took courses from the officer academies. I know my job and that’s killing Demons.”
“I understand that, Hetarria…”
Cirille crossed her arms. She eyed the younger Drake. After a while, she went on.
“…Well, Izril isn’t perfect. I was a girl when the Antinium invaded. Feels like they’ve been here forever. And I’ve fought the Antinium.”
“Really? I thought there was a peace.”
Hetarria’s head snapped up. Cirille grimaced.
“That’s just writing on the paper. In practice, we raid each other. I’ve accompanied [Geomancers] who cast [Earthquake] or other spells—did you hear there’s a damn tunnel connecting the Hive in Liscor to the other ones?”
“I can’t imagine why a city would let them in…”
“No. They’re relentless. I’ve run into them six times. Twice on our side of the border. All kinds. All of them died hard. They’ll charge into your spears and won’t stop moving until you hack them apart. The worst ones are the ones that stalk you, practically invisible. Or explode.”
“Demon’s dicks, that sounds awful.”
The curse caught Cirille off-guard. She snorted and Hetarria grinned.
“Sorry. I don’t say ‘Ancestors’. Commander—”
“Cirille is fine.”
“Alright then, Cirille. May I ask why you’re here? This doesn’t feel like a social call.”
The Drake [Commander] turned to stare back towards 4th Wall. Towards safety. Towards—home.
“Well, Hetarria. I just got news. I’m being recalled. Or rather, I was offered a job. Promotion, salary, in one of the Walled Cities.”
“Should I say congratulations?”
“Thank you. I just sent a message back. I want to hire some of the other groups here. Commander Uxel’s company, maybe some of the Gnolls. Even a few [Knights]. Shake up the way armies are formed in Izril.”
“That—does sound big. Do you think it’ll be approved?”
Cirille shrugged.
“Either I get what I want, or I stay. I think I can get something, at least. The thing is…we need it. The Antinium aren’t going away, and there are always the Humans. They tried to take Liscor.”
“I heard about that. Sorry; Rhir’s mostly Humans.”
The Drake Commander hesitated.
“Oh. Right. Well—I meant, Izrilian Humans. But I think I have to go back. Seeing Delezza like that—she gave everything for the battle against the Demons. But I can’t. I want to go home and change things.”
