7.36 C
Page 35
“Soldiers of Rhir. Before you lies one of the Deathless. Silvenia the Traitor! The Traitor of Terandria! Islandbreaker! The Curse of Elves! She has laid waste to 5th Wall. But she will not haunt Rhir any further.”
The [Lord] rode down the ranks, his eyes on the half-Elf. Her smile was murderous.
“Lord Hayvon, fall back. Take the survivors to 4th Wall!”
Quiteil’s voice was an order. Hayvon ignored it. He spoke, his hand tight on his sword.
“Give the order, your Majesty! If I slay her, my death and everyone on the wall is repaid a thousand times! She is wounded from Bastion-General Quiteil and she still bears the wounds of the last war! I can do it. Let me end the Death of Magic once and for all.”
The Blighted King hesitated. Quiteil was arguing.
“If we lose you, Lord Hayvon, we are exposed. 5th Wall can be rebuilt with his Majesty’s Skills. It is not worth gambling over!”
The [Lord] dissented. He looked across the wall. Years of enchantments, broken. Brave [Soldiers], dead. He shouted into the speaking stone.
“Your Majesty! These last hundred years will be as peace and tranquility compared to the days that lie ahead! When one of the Deathless recovers—especially her—the others will follow. Her magic can heal almost any wound, even the ones we inflicted on the others. You know this!”
He knew the stories. His [King] had lived them. But still, Othius hesitated. And into that moment of hesitation—Silvenia acted.
 
—-
 
The half-Elf floated forwards. Hayvon twisted. His riders prepared to charge. Richard saw Emily fleeing, the other survivors running. He hesitated. And he saw the half-Elf who had broken 5th Wall by herself fly lower.
“Oh, such names you call me, Lord Hayvon Operland. Traitor. ‘Curse of Elves’? How harsh. I am the last true [Mage] in this world. I am Silvenia, the Death of Magic!”
The rain stopped. The half-Elf shone. Her broken face moved. The magic that had been replacing her flesh solidified. Becoming…like skin.
Her voice was clear, lacking a stutter now. Silvenia spoke as the air twisted around her. For a moment she was whole.
The Death of Magic. The Traitor. The fallen [Archmage] of Wistram.
Silvenia of Demons.
 
—-
 
Both sides stopped there. Looking. Listening. The Death of Magic hung in the air. Lord Hayvon’s riders waited.
5th Wall lay broken. By a single person’s will and power. Silvenia hung in the air.
They did not know her. Bazeth knew the stories. Hayvon had read of her. But she had been wounded long before they had been even children.
Only Othius was old enough to remember her. Him and few others. The Deathless had lain wounded, more myth than person even to the Demons, her kin. Until a girl had pitied her and helped her recover.
Now, she introduced herself. It was the polite thing to do. Silvenia spoke, so that everyone standing there heard her clearly.
“You call me Deathless. You do not know me, children. You know not why I dissented. Why this war began. Nor does it matter.”
She spread her arms. Her body was shining. The half-Elf laughed. She looked like Tom, to Richard.
“We are at war, after all. Why do you hesitate? Even my commanders fear to unleash Crelers on the enemy. The enemy. When did war become so soft? Look how beautiful this last stand was! Brave soldiers fighting. Dying. Against summoned foes. It was such a wonderful sight.”
She pointed down at the broken wall.
