7.36 C
Page 28
Uxel looked up. The Lizardman flew higher. He struck a Harpy and leapt, using the Demon like a foothold. His staff lashed out as he struck them. They recoiled as the little [Longstick Jumper] screamed.
“Go—”
He fell.
 
—-
 
Ossky flew. She dropped her sword. Her armor fell away. She left the Harpies as she flew higher. Higher—faster than the others.
Up. Through the dark enchantment in the sky. It turned the world silent. But the Drake knew there had to be sky above. She flew higher—the air grew thin but the magic in her carried her up until—
The sky. Ossky broke through the miasma. She gasped. The stars were out. In the distance, 4th Wall shone, distant lights. Monarch’s Pass and the Demon lands. The Drake inhaled as she aimed at the clouds. The light grew in her chest, shining—
And her jaws snapped shut. The Drake froze, clawing at her mouth. She couldn’t—breathe! Or speak or open her mouth—
She heard laughter. And from above, she saw her.
The half-Elf. Silvenia waved a finger as she called forth a comet of light and flung it at a distant section of the walls. She pointed down and Ossky saw the illusion.
5th Wall, unbroken, completely normal. [Soldiers] were at ease on the walls. A few bats flitted through the air, just below Ossky. A perfect illusion.
The Demon raised a finger to her lips.
“Ah, ah. No breathing. But it was a good try.”
She watched as Ossky’s wings wavered. The Drake had no oxygen. No air. Ossky felt the world growing dark. As dark as the world below. 
They were dying. Viri was—Vorn—the Drake tried to fly at the half-Elf. Silvenia just flew above her, laughing and watching the Drake die. Ossky screamed but no sound came from her lips. The light was burning in her chest. Burning—
Silvenia saw the Drake clawing at her throat. The half-Elf turned back to the battle, narrowing her eyes. Then her gaze swung up. She saw Ossky digging into her throat. Tearing her scales. Silvenia raised a hand.
And then there was light. Ossky’s throat flashed. The sky turned golden. The flash was followed by thunder.
Lightning. A thousand arrows of light. They shredded the Drake’s body. She fell back to earth, through the milling Harpies.
But they saw it.
 
—-
 
Cirille saw the light. It shone down through even the magical darkness. She heard Shellc screaming.
“Ossky!”
How long had it been? How long would it be? Had the enemy a way to explain that? Cirille didn’t know. But she knew something.
They just had to hold out until dawn. The sky was lightening. Even in the darkness spell, she could tell. Dawn would see reinforcements, and the enemy couldn’t cover the walls forever.
She had to believe that.
“Hold out until dawn! Until dawn!”
The Drake shouted to everyone and no one. The irregulars moved together.
This was how they died. 
 
—-
 
The Bone Behemoth was attacking their flanks. Cirille turned. She saw Hetarria walking forwards. The Drake walked with two of her most powerful subordinates. They saw the undead turn to them. Eyes glowing orange. It raised a fist. Hetarria drew her sword. She placed it in the other [Necromancer]’s hands.
He ran her through. Cirille cried out. She saw Hetarria fall. The Bone Behemoth froze as it brought its hand down. It stood there. Then—it slowly drew the warhammer and shield.
“Hetarria?”
The undead giant’s eyes glowed silver. It rose to its full height and turned. The Demons saw the hammer fall. The Bone Behemoth swept across their ranks. Faster—faster—it moved with will, not mindless violence.
