7.36 C
Page 37
“Silvenia! The Demon King orders you to fall back!”
The [Champion of Blades] roared. Silvenia’s eyes flickered. The half-Elf raised her finger.
“They are right there. Do not give me orders, brat.”
“His Majesty orders it. Fall back.”
The Death of Magic turned. Rage flickered across her face. Then—the light went out of her eyes.
“I am running low on magic. Very well.”
“No—charge the Deathless!”
Lord Hayvon roared. Silvenia turned back to him. She had a bitter expression on her face.
“Until next time, [Lord] of Rhir.”
She vanished. So did the Demons. Lord Hayvon’s lightning struck the air and the [Lord] landed on the walls. He howled.
“Deathless! After them!”
But it was over. And after—afterwards, only the dead were left to make peace with the living.
 
—-
 
The world was unfair. Cruel. Some people had all the power. In the end—they had died fighting shadows. 
They had died for nothing. Reinforcements had come. The complete destruction and infestation of the lands beyond 4th Wall had not happened. But so what?
Too late, too late. They died on those walls, far from home. In vain. Her face reflected that bitter truth. Cirille’s body lay among the ash. A ring or spell had saved her from complete incineration.
It had not saved her life. She stared up at the false dawn that had betrayed her, her face anguished in death.
Richard found her with the others, as reinforcements rushed from 4th Wall, people desperately trying to clear the construction zone of the monsters that the Death of Magic had ordered seeded. Others were fortifying, mounting a safeguard against the Demon’s inevitable next attack.
But most were looking for the living and the dead. The [Knight] found the [Clown], with Cirille.
“Tom? I thought you were—”
“Dead? There are two of me, you idiot. Who attacks a Deathless?”
The [Clown] was not laughing. He knelt there, leaning over her. The Drake’s cheeks were clear of soot in places; Tom had been crying.
“Tom, I—”
“Coward. They died here. While you hid. They could have lived if you’d fought.”
The young man raised his head. Richard just looked at him. Was he mad? They had died here. But the words also made him retreat in shame.
The Gloomless Troupe had been hundreds. Now—less than a dozen. But they walked the wall and even Rhir’s veterans gave them a berth. They had fought until the last.
So had the others. Uxel lay among what should have been a score of death, cut to pieces. Ser Vorn was gone, a casualty of an encounter no one had witnessed but Cirille and Uxel. Springwaters, Lacten…
Ossky. They had seen her light. Lord Hayvon had made for the flash of light as he rode for 5th Wall. The dead…Sisth had died with Delezza’s crossbow in hand. The [Hunters] had been wiped out to the last Human.
But some lived. A Gnoll breathed. Chief Warrior Merish had been covered by Drake and Gnoll bodies, but the arrows hadn’t killed him.
A little Lizardman lay on the ground, one of his legs severed, but alive. Viri.
“What will happen to them, Hayvon?”
Emily looked at the survivors as the Champions of Rhir accompanied Hayvon. Fractions of each company; some groups had been wiped out to the last, like the [Knights] from Ailendamus. The [Lord] walked amid the wounded, his face bowed. But he did not look away from them.
“They will be returned home as their wounds heal. To their homes, as heroes. The Blighted Kingdom will not forget their sacrifice. They were the finest warriors we could have asked for.”
“No. No, I won’t leave.”
