7.37
Page 18
Now, he felt alive. He had been a poor [King]. But a [Fencer]—Raelt spun, slashing, parrying blows. He wove among the bodyguard as they tried to stop him. Their numbers worked against them. For a moment.
“Leysars!”
The blow hammered him down. The [King of Challenges] saw the world black out. He slashed at the horse, scoring a scream of pain. Flos moved back to heal his mount.
So close. It ended here. One way or an—
A blow to the helmet. Raelt fell forwards and someone hit him from the front so he ended up back on his feet.
“Surrender.”
Someone shouted it at him. Flos? His people? The [King of Challenges] aimed again.
Eyeguard. He struck with his parrying dagger and lost it. It was all about—about—
He turned and saw the King of Destruction. The King of Jecrass charged. His bodyguard, his [Trick Riders] were dead. They had bought him this opening. His forces were encircled. All for his vanity. And he was too slow. Too many people in the way.
He should have thought of that. Raelt ran into a group of Rustängmarder. They advanced. He had forgotten. He had lost the duel. He had tried to redeem himself.
A voice. Warden Emile rode down on the wall of steel. Raelt had forgotten—the River Warden broke through the vanguard. He raised a ring and a bolt of lightning struck the [Soldiers] in front of Raelt.
“Your Majesty.”
The River Warden ran onto the blades, cutting down at the [Death Soldiers]. Another pointed her wand. Warden Winta. She blasted one of the [Soldiers] off his horse.
Emile died as Raelt ran past him. The King of Destruction was there. His bodyguards were knocked back by another spell from Winta’s wand.
“Flos of Reim!”
Raelt bellowed. The King of Destruction dropped the healing potion he’d been uncorking. He’d let go of his shield. He raised the axe, calculating, shielding his heart. Grinning at Raelt.
His warhorse reared. Neither man expected that. The poor animal, in pain, reared up, hooves flailing at Raelt. The [Fencer] saw the axe shift. He lunged, felt a blow knock him flat.
The King of Duels had lost his rapier. He scrambled around for it, bracing—and looked up.
Flos Reimarch, the King of Destruction, stared down at the rapier’s blade in his chest. The bloody tip of the blade stood out in his back.
It had gone through his heart. He stared at Raelt. At a loss for words.
 
—-
 
The battlefield slowed. Fell…silent. The [Soldiers] in Reim’s army turned. They felt it.
The King of Destruction sat frozen in his saddle. Warden Winta shouted, blood running down her face.
“The King of Destruction is dead! Rally to his Majesty!”
Jecrass’ forces advanced. Reim’s army was frozen apart. Mars turned.
“Your Majesty?”
Zamea—Teres, standing next to Ytol —the world stopped for them.
Drassi, sitting at her desk, stared at the scrying orb. She looked around.
“Uh. D-did we just see the King of Destruction die? Is that—that—”
“Impossible.”
Maviola whispered. She stared at the silent figure on the horse. The King of Duels was being dragged away, out of the frozen army. The King of Destruction had been stabbed through the heart.
 
—-
 
A lucky blow. Changed everything. His rapier had gone through the armor. Raelt felt someone pulling at him.
“Your Majesty, retreat! To me!”
Warden Winta ordered one of the [Trick Riders] to pull Raelt back. The King of Duels was frozen. But the River Warden was leading a second charge. Reim’s forces barely put up any resistance. They were staring at their [King].
He hadn’t moved. Raelt had seen the place where the King of Destruction had been struck. It was his heart.
