7.37
Page 21
Empty words. Canrel nodded. He was in shock. Raelt remembered when he’d learned his father had died, and that had been of natural causes. He tried to say something. That Emile had fought the Rustängmarder on his own? That he’d been so close? But for a single potion and the King of Destruction would have died?
It was all insufficient. He saw Canrel fumbling at his saddle, trying to dismount.
“Warden Canrel. Sire—your Majesty. What do we do now?”
A teary-eyed retainer of Warden Emile rode forwards. Raelt shook his head.
“Evacuate Warden Emile’s lands. We are—retreating. We’ll fight along the rivers. Dig in—we’re bound for the capital. I’ll send—take charge for now.”
The man bowed painfully.
“Yes, your Majesty.”
Canrel had dismounted. He ignored the others, trying to come to him. The boy looked up at Raelt. Then—abruptly—he knelt in the wild grass, at the side of the road.
“Your Majesty, I have a request.”
Raelt stirred. He looked down at Canrel. The retainers looked alarmed. They dismounted. So did Raelt.
“Yes, Warden Canrel?”
The boy was about…eleven. He looked up at Raelt, fumbling for the dagger at his side. He unsheathed it after two tries and held the blade up with both hands.
“Your Majesty, I will fight the King of Destruction. Please let me join your army.”
“What?”
The [King] stared down at the boy. Canrel’s arms shook. His face was still devoid of color. He had yet to weep.
“Please, your Majesty. I would like to take my father’s place in your army. I will avenge my father’s death. I swear it. In blood!”
He tried to cut his palm—the old retainer grabbed the blade.
“Lord Canrel—please!”
“Let go of me! Your Majesty, allow me to serve!”
The boy fought his escort. Raelt just stood there. Canrel was looking at him.
“You’re too young, Canrel of Desta.”
The young River Warden’s chin rose. He looked at Raelt, his eyes shining.
“With respect, your Majesty, I am a River Warden now. Not a boy. I must fight. My lands are being invaded. Please. Let me fight.”
Brave little boys. Wanting to fight like men. Raelt looked at Canrel. He saw the King of Destruction pulling the sword out of his chest. And the King of Jecrass tasted bitter despair.
The mortal man’s knees buckled. Raelt Leysars of Jecrass began to kneel, to weep. To break down.
His knees locked before he could topple over. The [King] refused to fall.
Never. Never, in front of the boy who looked at him to make meaning of his parent’s deaths. Though the sky weighed on his shoulders—he raised his head.
“River Warden Canrel. Your father’s bravery did me the greatest honor I could ask for as ruler of Jecrass. I would take a thousand such men again, if only they lived. Do you seek to take his place?”
The boy and his followers looked up. The retainers paled. But Canrel raised his head.
“I do, your Majesty.”
“Then I accept your service.”
“Your Majesty—”
Raelt looked at the man who’d spoken and there was silence. The [King] looked at Canrel.
“Your lands must be evacuated, Warden Canrel. The people made safe. I put you in charge of overseeing the exodus.”
Canrel’s eyes widened, and then he flushed with anger.
“But your Majesty—I wish to fight.”
“I know. But you are too young, River Warden Canrel. There will be another war. For now—serve your people and the crown. I need every hand, and yours is best used here. Your father was a brave man. A good man. I would not be able to forgive myself if I let his son die. Do you understand?”
“Yes. Sire.”
The boy whispered. Raelt reached down and clasped a tiny shoulder. He felt it shake.
“I’m sorry.”
