7.37
Page 0

(The Last Tide is available for preorder! It comes out in August! Check it out here!)
(One of our subreddit mods, Akrasia, is putting on a poll for TWI-readers, like last year! Consider filling it out!)
 
It began with letters. A letter day—although they weren’t red. Nor did they come in envelopes—mostly.
You had to pay extra for envelopes and the ‘presentation’. Which was silly since a [Mage]-[Scribe] would copy out the letter anyways so why bother with postage and envelopes? Ryoka Griffin learned that you could even pay for different qualities of paper, handwriting styles—
Since it sounded like a pain, and because she could, she ended up going through Bezale. The Minotauress had offered the service when she’d heard Ryoka wanted to send messages back.
To The Wandering Inn. The City Runner had gone far away. But she had promised to return and one sign of this was the letters. She would not leave without letting those who cared about her know where she was, and how she was doing.
“Erin. This is for you.”
One day, Erin Solstice woke up to find Bezale holding a neatly-written letter. The [Spellscribe] saw the young woman’s blank look and explained.
“A letter. From Miss Ryoka Griffin.”
“What? A letter?”
Erin’s voice attracted Lyonette’s attention. Erin exclaimed over it.
“But how? I mean—is it a [Message]? Ryoka said she only knew a few spells.”
The Minotauress huffed as she handed the piece of paper over.
“The Mage’s Guild sent it through me. I am a [Spellscribe]. I don’t usually do cheap work, but it’s a favor.”
“Thank you! Did Ryoka say—”
“I just got the contents of the message, Erin. Read the letter.”
Bezale’s expression was a bit pained. She walked back to her table and Erin stared at the neat letter. And far to the north, Ryoka Griffin exhaled.
“Dear Mrsha…hey, wait a second! This isn’t addressed to me!”
It was, in a way. But Ryoka had decided to write to Mrsha. Erin blinked at the letter as Lyonette read over her shoulder. The [Princess] snorted.
“At least she’s sending letters now.”
Erin smiled. She began to fold up the paper to read with Mrsha, but Lyonette took it and began to read. The [Innkeeper] gestured at the paper.
“She promised she would. I’ll go get Mrsha. Where is she?”
“In the garden. Numbtongue’s playing. And she had better write letters or I’d have to stab her.”
Erin chuckled, but Lyonette’s face didn’t move. The [Princess] vetted the Ryoka-letter while Erin went to find Mrsha.
The door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] opened to a screaming guitar solo. Erin blinked. On the grassy hilltop, she saw a Hobgoblin playing as electricity grounded itself around him. He was grinning as he played and someone was slamming on the drums.
Kevin. There was also accompanying music—horns and other music coming from a laptop.
The two-man band had an audience. A little Gnoll and her two friends were waving their arms and bobbing their heads in the best traditions of the crowd.
“Mrsha!”
Erin had to shout when Numbtongue slowed down. The little Gnoll ran up to her, excited, as the Hobgoblin [Bard] wiped at his forehead. His guitar, always electric, now had a resonance to match. Hedault’s first pass through the inn had ended up enchanting the guitar—mostly because the concept had fascinated him.
“Sorry to interrupt, Numbtongue. But there’s a letter for you, Mrsha. From Ryoka.”
The Gnoll’s ears perked up. Her eyes went round and she dashed into the common room. Numbtongue nodded at Kevin as Ekirra and Visma waved to Erin—the band began their second practice performance for the stage Erin had promised them.
