7.37
Page 20
They didn’t know what he meant, at first. But then…Jecrass’ army fell back. They abandoned their borders. General Lael abandoned her front and the armies of Reim advanced unimpeded. They only stopped due to the King of Destruction’s wounds and to fortify their hold.
 
—-
 
“According to these maps and the [Strategist] consultation um…Jecrass just lost twenty percent of the entire nation. It’s…a good move? I mean, Jecrass’ main army just lost a lot of soldiers. And they can fight closer to their main cities. That’s according to the [Strategist].”
Drassi spoke awkwardly to the viewers. She hesitated, looked around. No one was giving her any good cues.
“Folks, I guess what we’ve learned today is that it’s really hard to kill high-level [Kings]. Or [Warriors] in general.”
It would take more days to see the battle lines established. Control was more than a map. But the King of Destruction’s armies marched fast and moreover—it was clear Raelt of Jecrass was just leaving the borders, evacuating everyone who hadn’t already gone.
 
—-
 
“Abandon the front. I don’t care what Lael says. We’re not fighting him again. We’re just throwing lives away.”
Raelt rode ahead of his army. Abandoning it. He had to go home. He could still see his blade in the King of Destruction’s chest.
Unfair. No—he just hadn’t done his job right. And now—Raelt was returning to face his mistakes.
The group met him on the road. The [King] stopped, staring. He should have known. He thought he had longer. But—Warden Emile’s lands were closer to Belchan’s border. And the war had not yet forced the evacuation.
It would now. But the River Warden would not oversee the defense of his lands. He was dead.
And his son had yet to be told.
The boy was sitting on his mount, staring at the silent [Riders] passing by his party. His escort looked pale and wan.
They knew. A River Warden would ride with Raelt. Sekirst was the only one left. But Emile’s son—what was his name?—was just a lad.
“Your Majesty.”
Raelt had slowed when he’d seen the boy. The young River Warden rode up to him, eyes scanning the men and women around his [King].
“My f—River Warden Emile isn’t with you?”
He knew too. There was a silent dread in his eyes. A nightmare a child dreamed of once or twice if they were lucky. Suddenly—reality.
“…Cantel?”
Raelt guessed. The boy shifted.
“It’s Canrel, your Majesty. My father?”
The [King of Challenges] closed his eyes.
“I’m sorry, Canrel. Your father—fell in battle. He helped me break through to duel the King of Destruction…”
He saw the boy’s face go white. A moan rose among the followers. Canrel swayed in the saddle. Raelt reached out, fearing he’d fall. But Canrel caught himself. He gulped.
“Did—is the King of Destruction dead?”
He clenched his hands on the reins. Raelt looked past him.
“No. I stabbed him through the heart, but—”
Those were excuses. The [King] shook his head. He looked at the young [Lord] and tried to figure out what to say. Canrel looked at Raelt, and realized the [King] was at a loss for words. He hesitated.
“Did my father—w-was he brave?”
Someone made a sound. Raelt looked at Canrel.
“Yes. Of course. He charged the King of Destruction’s vanguard alone. But for him, Warden Winta—I would never have made it.”
“I see. Thank you, your Majesty. I—”
The young River Warden was holding himself upright. Raelt realized he was sagging on his saddle. He wondered who was more the child now. He slowly raised his shoulders.
“I’m sorry, River Warden Canrel. Your father died a hero of Jecrass. He will be honored.”
