7.37
Page 12
She saw the black letters tracing themselves on her arm. Her scales tingled. The Drake read slowly. Not that there was much to read.
It was just a few things. Target, location, bounty. This one mentioned working together, but the words were brief.
It always was from the Assassin’s Guild. The cold, calm, clinical part of her mind noted they must be after a big target if they were reaching out to her. Normally, they left the Named Adventurer alone.
Shriekblade might have been interested another time. It was a lot of what she wanted. But she was calm.
Beyond calm. She had drank too many of the potions. She stood at perfect attention, waiting for orders. Silently, she drew a black stone and touched it. The lodestone flashed and she spoke.
“I am working. No.”
That was all. She wasn’t part of it. From other parts of Izril however—other high-ranking members received the message. In other forms. They read, thought about the difficulty of this target.
And said ‘yes’. There were bounties too dangerous to take. Too inconvenient, or risky. But [Assassins] seldom fought fair. They began to mobilize. This wasn’t a job for the Ranks, the expendable low-level members of the guild.
This time the professionals had a contract.
 
—-
 
Letters. Letters were worthless.
King Raelt Leysars knew this to be true. He wrote and received letters day by day. While bleeding, exhausted from fighting and riding. Head in his hands as he listened to them being read out.
You couldn’t call them mere [Messages]. The monarchs of each nation did not ‘chat’. They corresponded. There was etiquette to each one.
 
To King Leysars of Jecrass, 
by Sovereign Right, Horselord of the Plains, 
Defender of Belchan,
       Sir My Brother
 
And that was just the establishing address. ‘Sir My Brother’ was a rare form of address used for monarchs. That he was addressed so was an honor. Or so he was meant to infer. ‘Defender of Belchan’ was meaningless, but a nice touch. He supposed he’d been granted the title.
 
Our Esteemed Friend,
       We have been most dismayed by the pressing war of which we have all been closely watching. Your valiant struggle has not been in vain and we hope what small aid we have given has been of some help.
       Our deepest sympathies lie with the people of Jecrass and Belchan first and foremost, who must endure depravity and tyranny by turns. Though our counselors and advisors suggest against such immediate action as Declarations of War or similar measures as you yourself have suggested, we are not blind to the Great Foe which assails you.
       Whereupon this correspondence reaches you, we trust the extent of our support will be made most clear. While it is not yet possible for direct—
 
At this point Raelt crumpled up the delicate parchment and tossed it aside.
“Your Majesty?”
The nervous Courier saw the [King] sitting there.
“Tell Queen Yisame her message is received. Thank you.”
“Your Majesty—”
The Courier stared at the letter, now lying on the ground. A letter from Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, one of the largest and most powerful nations in the world. The King of Jecrass, now known as ‘the King of Duels’, looked at the silk Stitch-person.
“The letter has been received.”
The messenger bowed nervously and retreated. He had found Raelt in the war camp less than an hour before…the battle.
Another battle. Raelt stared blankly at the crumpled letter. After a moment he cursed and opened it. He skimmed what he’d read in different variations a thousand times.
“…Twelve thousand mercenaries? They’ll be dead in a week.”
