7.37
Page 31
They were Gold-ranks. Of course, they had yet to really push themselves and they had a surplus of new abilities and items and hadn’t worked out their battle plan perfectly. As that last fight had shown. Hedault had provided new gear like Yvlon’s helmet, repaired old items, and the team was ready for anything. Again…they just hadn’t found the quest yet.
It was a bit odd. They’d taken every monster assignment they’d run across, but Ceria had forgotten that not everywhere had a pressing monster attack or some great dungeon to explore. The reason they were headed to Yvlon’s family’s estate was because they hadn’t been able to figure what else to do on the road north.
Well, meeting Yvlon’s family was enticement enough. As they approached House Byres, Ceria saw that Yvlon’s family really was a noble one.
“Ksmvr, all that you see is Yvlon’s property.”
“Ooh. What about those trees?”
Yvlon pinched both of her teammates, looking amused and vexed.
“I don’t own it. I’m the third child of House Byres. And we don’t own the villages.”
Ksmvr nodded agreeably.
“They just pay you tribute. I understand the concept of nobility, Yvlon. You still have a claim to that tree. May I have it?”
He pointed at a few trees set into the low foothills. Yvlon sighed.
“Ksmvr. Well, why not? Anyways, I’m hardly a model [Lady]. I wanted to be an adventurer—that’s as good as renouncing my claim. My sister is the real heir. But we’re a small house. Poor. House Byres mines silver. See?”
She pointed towards the foothills, which were apparently ideal silver mines. Pisces snorted.
“And silver is such a worthless metal.”
“It was worth more a while ago. Being responsible for so much land takes money, Pisces. Look, my parents are very traditional. My father especially. My mother married into the family, so she’s actually more likely to accept you. Just don’t do anything too provocative until I can explain to father that you’re a [Necromancer], please?”
“Very well. But you should tell that to Ksmvr.”
“I am a model of good behavior, Pisces.”
Ceria snorted and Ksmvr gave her a hurt look.
“Sorry, Ksmvr. Oh look! Is that your home, Yvlon?”
The woman sighed.
“Yes.”
House Byres’ estates were not located in the largest town in their lands, which the Horns had passed by. Rather, it was a keep set near the foothills and one of the mines.
“It’s our ancestral home. Fortified, back when we had more enemies. There’s a tiny village around it—Pisces, go through the front. There’s a moat—see how it ties into the river?”
Indeed, the river itself flowed around the Byres family’s keep, splitting into two sides in a moat. Yvlon made them stop about a mile out and had Pisces turn his horses into bones.
“We’re walking. I’m not riding home on an undead horse. Now remember—no one talk about my arms. Pisces, no undead. Ksmvr, don’t talk about the Hives or declare war. The last thing we need is that.”
Everyone shuddered. They’d seen and heard about the Pallass incident. Ksmvr nodded.
“I will not start an international incident if it can be avoided, Yvlon.”
“Good enough.”
“What do I not do, Yvlon?”
The half-Elf grinned at Pisces and Ksmvr. Her smug look faded when Yvlon turned to her.
“Don’t shake any hands. Your aura still freezes everything when you don’t concentrate.”
Pisces smirked at her. The half-Elf aimed a kick at them and Yvlon sighed. She led the way towards the village and keep.
“Is that Lady Yvlon?”
They were spotted within less than a minute of walking. A group returning from the mines stared as they carted ore back to the village. Yvlon raised her hand. And she was smiling.
