7.37
Page 2
He nodded, smiling in Fierre’s direction. She looked ready to throw up. The man looked disconcerted; Ryoka got the impression he wasn’t used to provoking that reaction in young women.
“You’re putting her off, lad. Eat up! Anyways, tell us more about yourself, Miss Ryoka. We’ve heard of you, but we missed you all the time we were at The Wandering Inn. You’re a City Runner? I heard you bailed the Horns of Hammerad out once.”
“Um. That’s right. I do emergency runs for adventurers.”
“Well, that is noble of you. Few Runners do that, Miss Griffin. ”
Falene smiled, carefully levitating the meat off her plate and onto Dawil’s meat-bowl. Ryoka chewed on her bite. Really, it wasn’t bad. Just…carnivorous. She waved away the compliment.
“It’s nothing…well, I’ve been saved by adventurers. I couldn’t not run, if that makes sense.”
“Well, we appreciate it. And if we’re ever in need, we’ll ask for you.”
“Thank you. Uh—so Ylawes, I’ve met your sister…”
The [Knight] smiled.
“Yvlon? She’s doing well. I was worried for her, hence us going south towards Liscor. But she’s leveled.”
“Yeah. I saw her. Her new arms are amazing. I’m relieved that her class healed her arms, especially since—”
The [Knight] choked on his drink. Falene and Dawil stopped, food in their mouths and turned to Ryoka.
“Her class? What are you talking about?”
Ylawes stared. Ryoka opened and closed her mouth.
“Uh—she’s a [Silversteel Armsmistress]. And Ceria changed classes too.”
“They did what?”
It turned out that not only did her older brother not know about her new class, the Horns of Hammerad had neglected to mention a lot. Ylawes listened and then sat back. He looked relieved, exasperated, and melancholy all at the same time.
“She’s always been like this since she started her own team. She never tells me—I need to send a [Message] to the family at once. Falene, after dinner…”
Ryoka Griffin sat there, massaging her forehead. She saw Fierre glaring at her, clearly wanting Ryoka to get rid of the Silver Swords so they could chat. Ryoka had heard her sneezing; she thought Ylawes’ silver armor was provoking an allergic reaction in her. The City Runner felt at her bag of holding, which held the panacea.
The problem was…
 
I think they like me. They’ve been staying at the inn and seem to want to make Reizmelt their temporary base. I have to thank Erin for that. Fierre loves them. Alber’s just doing Alber, but he’s practicing boxing with me.
 
Erin nudged Mrsha, who nudged her back. Vampires. The [Innkeeper] winced as she thought about Ylawes and Dawil and Falene. But Ryoka wasn’t done. She described the bear-meat, and some things about Reizmelt, like the Pithfire Hounds and their dogs, but it was a short letter. She concluded with an enigmatic tone, out of necessity.
 
I’ve been taking care of some things here. But I have to go on my big assignment for Lady Ieka. Funny thing, actually—
 
Ryoka knew time was running out. But [Seamstresses] took time, and she needed to stock up.
“The Archmage of Izril? No one’s seen her in a decade. The island’s all the way to the north, in First Landing. Even if you take the overnight carriages, it’ll take days. Ryoka…if you’re trying to get all the nobles to attend the Summer Solstice—”
“I know. I know, Fierre. But what else can I do? I need to keep prepping. Can you get me that Scroll of Dispel Magic?”
“It’ll arrive by tomorrow. None of this is cheap—I’ll cover it. So…so…about this.”
