7.37
Page 10
She got her first chance as she was playing in the garden with Visma and Ekirra. They were doing handstands. It was hardest for Visma since her tail threw her off; Ekirra applauded as Mrsha walked on her front paws.
So did Erin. The [Innkeeper] bounded over and joined the applause.
“Go, Mrsha! You’re so amazing! Yes you are! Yes you are!”
The little Gnoll heard the cheering and rolled onto her back. Then she scrambled up and fumbled for her bag of holding in excitement. Erin blinked as Mrsha handed her a scrap of parchment.
“What’s this? A note? Oh, how sm—”
She froze as she read Mrsha’s words.
 
Your mockery of me is hurtful and uncalled for. Desist at once.
 
Erin’s face fell. Mrsha waved a paw and Erin slowly handed back the parchment.
“I wasn’t mocking, Mrsha.”
A pause. Mrsha shuffled through the parchment.
 
Yeah, right.
 
The [Innkeeper] was stunned. She watched as Mrsha snatched her words back and marched off huffily. Ekirra joined her after giving Erin a long look.
The young woman from Michigan was the first casualty. She was not the last. Mrsha wandered into the common room later just in time for Rose to come in. She was aglow; soccer practice had given her money to spend and she’d just been in Invrisil shopping.
“Hello, Mrsha! How are—”
Mrsha preempted Rose by handing her a piece of parchment. The young woman from Earth read it, and blinked. Kevin read the note too and whistled.
“Whoa. Savage.”
Erin didn’t get to see what was read, but from the way Mrsha hastily shuffled it into her pre-written notes, she guessed it was exceptionally rude.
“Mrsha, I’m so glad you’re using your words, but there’s such a thing as being rude. Rose, what did she say?”
“Uh—”
Mrsha gave Rose a flat look and the young woman hesitated. Both recalled the centipedes incident. Without a word, Rose walked off. Kevin drew a line across his throat as Erin turned to him.
The [Innkeeper] narrowed her eyes. Mrsha was going around the inn, and suddenly—she had things to say to everyone. She handed a little card to Olesm, who blinked.
“What? A ransom? Oh sh—uh…here.”
He offered Mrsha a single fry. She narrowed her eyes, but the Drake glared at her, unwilling to part with his food. She grabbed a handful—he shot to his feet.
“Olesm! I’ll get you a refill. On the house. Mrsha!”
The little Gnoll ignored her. The next person she saw was Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin was resting his fingers and throat after a jam session. Worried now, Erin hurried after Mrsha as the Gnoll waved for the Hobgoblin’s attention and then began to select a proper response.
She shuffled through her cards and Erin peeked over the little Gnoll’s shoulder.
 
My vengeance will be swift.
You are stupid.
Give me food, pwease!
I am sorry.
I cannot reach that.
You are boring.
Upon reflection, I have never met anyone as insipid as you.
 
At last, she found the one she wanted. Erin sighed in relief as she read it.
 
I approve of this. 
 
She slapped it on the table. Numbtongue picked up the card and read it. The Hobgoblin smiled and propped it up with his drink glass.
He was spared her wrath. Few others were. When people realized Mrsha had learned another form of communication, they all wanted to get a card. At first. Selys hurried over, beaming.
“Can I get one, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll girl held up one paw. After a second, Mrsha handed Selys a card.
 
Merely adequate.
 
Mrsha walked off as Erin saw Selys’ jaw drop.
“But I thought she loved me!”
