7.37
Page 8
“Dead gods. Erin, you have to do something about this.”
The City Runner shook her head. But the ending of the letter caught her eye.
 
Please come home soon. I miss you very much. 
Love,
 
And instead of her name, Mrsha had put her paw in ink and pressed it to the paper. The scribe had done his best to replicate it. Ryoka smiled. She folded the letter and carefully put it in her bag of holding. Then she stood up to run.
 
—-
 
Letters. Words. Lyonette and Erin were arguing about teaching Mrsha to write ‘like a weirdo’, according to Erin. Mrsha’s paw hurt from holding the quill for so long. It had taken her three hours and she hadn’t been able to write everything, even with Lyonette helping.
But she’d done it. The Gnoll looked around and felt…satisfied. Someone had heard her. She had put quill to paper and written her voice out.
It changed only a little.
It changed everything.
The Wandering Inn was better than it ever had been, to Mrsha. She was a better Mrsha. Older. S-slightly more responsible. But look. There was Maviola, talking to Saliss, who had the box on.
There was Belgrade, happily playing chess against Olesm, who’d come to pick Maviola up. He was allowed back in the inn and things were okay.
And there—was him.
 
—-
 
Grand Mage Eldavin looked down as Mrsha leapt onto his table. He immediately pointed.
“Begone, pest.”
An invisible hand flicked Mrsha off the table, but slowed her before she could land head-first onto the ground. Undeterred, the Gnoll leapt onto the table again.
Teriarch eyed her and sighed.
“What do you want this time? Begone. I am busy.”
He was leaving soon. And unlike the others, the Dragon didn’t waste time on anything.
 
Magnolia, I have enjoyed my forays, but they are quite tiring. I am going back to rest. Don’t bother me.
 
No signature—the Dragon made the letter vanish and appear in the collection zone for letters in Magnolia’s estates. He hadn’t lied, either.
He was tired. Being outside had been both entertaining and…the Dragon yawned. Well, he’d just walk outside until his simulacra was out of sight and dissolve it. Simple. He just had to get rid of the Gnoll first.
“I’m leaving now.”
The Dragon informed the girl sitting on the table. She waved at him, showing him her ink-stained paws. Teriarch saw her sign something and glared.
“That’s not proper language. Learn how to hand-sign correctly or don’t do it at all. I’m not in the mood to learn another language. Or write down what you have to say.”
That was the funny thing. The Dragon, even more than Lyonette, Erin—the people who loved and knew Mrsha most—always acted as if Mrsha had something to say. He didn’t forget. Mrsha blinked at him.
Write it down? It was so obvious. She sat, poleaxed, as the Dragon harrumphed and walked off. He collected thirty pounds of food from the kitchen, left the exact fee, and walked out of the inn. He might return…in a year or two. But for now—he left.
Still, even leaving, the Dragon changed everything.
 
—-
 
Mrsha laboriously scribbled on the piece of paper. Visma and Ekirra peered over her shoulder as, at last, Mrsha wiped more ink onto her forehead and shuffled the bits of paper. Eldavin had shown her the way.
Writing. Oh, what a convenient thing! Mrsha hadn’t known how to write or read—much—before she’d come to the inn. She’d been young, and Urksh had taught her sparingly. She could read basic things and do numbers, but Plains Gnolls didn’t need to read many books. It was something they learned if they wanted to.
