7.37
Page 34
But it was a full-time job delivering them for some people, magic aside. In Riverfarm, Emperor Laken Godart stopped his argument with Master Helm about procuring the Unseen Empire’s own metal supply as someone galloped towards him.
“Delivery for Emperor Laken! Hey, it’s me! Your favorite Centaur—”
Dustrider Charlay had a letter for Laken. She’d born it personally, for two reasons. Firstly—it was a copper for every ten words by [Message] spell if you didn’t get a discount on big letters, on top of the sending fee.
Secondly, some things needed to be confidential. So Ryoka had endured Charlay joking about Ryoka needing the ‘better runner’ to deliver her letters.
“This is from Ryoka?”
Laken would have blinked if he kept his eyes open all the time. Since he didn’t, he just looked surprised. Charlay nodded.
“No idea what it is, but she said it was urgent.”
Ryoka had a way of adding to Laken’s list of burdens. And this letter certainly did just that as Prost read it for the [Emperor]. It took nearly thirty minutes for Laken to get through the very long letter. And when he did, the Unseen Emperor of Riverfarm had to massage his forehead.
“If I didn’t owe Ryoka Griffin a favor, I would pay Charlay to kick her into the nearest bush of thorns.”
He muttered. And then began to incorporate Ryoka’s plans into his own.
 
—-
 
But that was as far as letters went. They were good at laying plans, starting things—but at some point you had to stop writing letters. The world turned on.
Ryoka Griffin sat in the overnight carriage ready to take her north at speed. This was no regular carriage—she’d paid gold to hire one. And the driver was…special.
An underworld contact. They had their own ways of getting places fast. So for a fee, and if you knew the right people, you could ask for someone to get you across Izril faster than normal. Ryoka had paid for all of that.
The Archmage of Izril awaited. The curious thing to Ryoka was that she’d sent all her letters.
So…why was Fierre sitting across from her in the carriage? The Vampire girl glanced at Ryoka and adjusted her huge hat.
“I’m going with you, of course. I’ve had enough of being left behind while you go on an adventure.”
The City Runner protested, glancing at the closed panel for the driver. He was moving the carriage already. He hadn’t asked questions, just driven up and waited for her to get in. She didn’t even know if it was a ‘he’—the driver was wearing dark clothing from top to bottom with a single white scarf breaking up the color scheme.
“It’s not safe, Fierre. I know you’re—capable. But I’ve been in some dicey situations.”
“I know. But do you think I’m safer in Reizmelt? Remember Belavierr? I distinctly recall the needles.”
Fierre glowered. Ryoka bit her lip.
“Even so. What about your job? Your family?”
The girl shrugged.
“I can take time off. And I left them a note. Ryoka. I’m coming with you. I have a bag of holding full of useful items and my notes. And I think it’ll be interesting.”
She gave Ryoka a pointed grin. And then her expression changed.
“Besides. I want to see…what happens.”
Letters. Letters were good at starting things, conveying information. But they were a tool for prolonging events. You had to read letters before you could do anything about them.
But at some point, you had to act.
The Vampire girl took out the glowing vial. It was so small. Just a mouthful. It glowed viridian. The color lit up the inside the carriage. Ryoka’s objections went silent as her mouth opened.
