7.37
Page 24
They were a team of four. Adventurers. Two male, two female. And they were on their way to a distress call.
It wasn’t really a letter—more like an all-call to anyone in the area. A monster swarm had been spotted and it was bearing down on a village. A nest had been disturbed, or it was a migration—the point was that people were in danger and adventurers were needed now.
Of course, there was always the militia, a local [Lord]’s army, a traveller—any number of other groups that could fight if need be. But adventurers were generally the first ones asked. They were more mobile than most forces.
The village was known as Yissirain’s Rest and it was under attack. Or soon to be. A swarm of Face-Eater Moths was assailing the village. The damned things multiplied like crazy and produced these kinds of swarms.
“I heard it was from Liscor. Those monsters got everywhere. Damned Drakes. Can’t even kill monsters properly.”
The leader of the team grumbled as he led his group down the road. They were all mounted. They were a good team of adventurers. Silver-ranks. Soon to be Gold, really. They just needed their break and this could be it.
Skylark’s Hubris was a ranged-team, each of them armed with bows. Hybrid-fighters. They could cast magic as well as use bows.
“Boss. There are apparently a lot of Face-Eater moths. Hundreds. And you know how big those things get. We’re not going in without a plan, are we?”
“Relax, Hexi. This is an all-call. There’ll be other teams there. We just need to beat them to the punch. I think I’ll use my fire arrows first—we’ve got good sunlight for the fight. You just try to berserk the biggest moth.”
Their fearless leader, a [Weather Ranger] who had Skills that allowed him to take advantage of most types of weather waved at their [Mage], who ironically specialized in hexes. Their dedicated close-quarters expert, a [Switchblade Warrior] with bow-Skills, raised his hand.
“If we don’t have reinforcements, I think we should set up some nets so we can shoot the moths. The trouble will be the small ones. If we get swarmed by them we’ll get torn up fast. Maybe we should have our Fire Cloak scrolls on standby…”
“I like that plan, Illsul. If there’s a good choke point, we could take on most of the swarm. This could be our biggest battle yet! Let’s have that escape route ready, though, Olphela.”
The Silver-rank team nodded to each other. Their [Rogue] nodded; she had smoke and dust-bombs which had saved their bacon more than once. The Silver-rank team picked up the pace. The challenge of fighting so many Face-Eater moths was great, but with risks came glory—
They were closing in on the village and could see the distant flying shapes now. The villagers were locked in their homes as the moths tried to dig through the roofs, assailing everything outside. The people were safe, having even rescued pets and a number of animals, but some of the moths were big. As large as horses. And there were hundreds of them.
Skylark’s Hubris gulped. Their leader held up his hand, eyes darting around.
“Not too fast now! Looks like we’re first on the scene. Let’s find a good vantage point and prepare to engage—”
The team was slowing when they heard a shout from behind them. The four Silver-ranks turned. They saw something heading their way. It was…
“Is that a chariot?”
It was. Someone had taken a wagon and modified it to hold a small group comfortably. And pulling it…Hexi turned pale.
“That’s—that’s—”
