7.37
Page 32
“Hello! Is that Gerrif? [Foreman] Gerrif?”
“Lady Yvlon!”
The [Miners] broke into a run. Ceria saw them waver when they saw Ksmvr, but Yvlon strode ahead.
“This is my team…are my father and mother here? Ylawes? Ysara?”
“Lord and Lady Byres are, Lady Yvlon! And—dead gods, but you look older! This is your team? I thought the Silver Spears were all-female. And I heard…”
Yvlon’s smile slipped. Ceria winced. But the [Armsmistress] recovered quickly.
“You know adventuring, Gerrif. I’m just back to visit the family for a day or two.”
“Lord Yitton won’t hear of it, milady! There’ll be a celebration! If you haven’t sent word—hey! You two! Run and tell the keep Lady Yvlon is returning!”
Yvlon opened her mouth, but it was too late. Two of the younger [Miners] ran towards the village. And Foreman Gerrif abandoned the carts of ore to escort Yvlon and the Horns to the keep.
It was a mark of how popular Yvlon was that they accepted Ksmvr’s existence. Although Ceria had noticed it was ignorance as much as Ksmvr’s status as an adventurer that kept mobs from turning on him.
He was simply as foreign as a Selphid, or Garuda. Northern Izril had fought the Antinium, but they had never instilled the loathing or fear as among Drakes or Gnolls. It would be like seeing a Demon, whatever they looked like, for Ceria.
As the Horns of Hammerad approached the village and keep, the doors were thrown open. Someone came across the bridge as the village turned out.
It was like being hailed as heroes, only this time the celebration was only for Yvlon. She looked surprised by the greetings; this was her home. She went around, shaking hands, trading gentle hugs in her case, exclaiming over people she’d met, or shy children.
No one noticed or commented on Yvlon’s long-sleeved shirt and gloves, despite the warm summer weather. Indeed, Ceria’s one-handed glove drew more looks, and that was just from one person.
The half-Elf hung back with Pisces. Ksmvr was shaking hands, three at a time sometimes. The [Mage] was more interested in Yvlon’s parents.
“Aha. So that is the [Lord] of House Byres. And [Lady].”
Pisces pointed. The crowds parted and Ceria saw Yvlon’s head turn.
“Mother?”
“Yvlon!”
There they were. Yitton Byres was somewhat like Ceria had imagined him. Grey-brown hair and beard, a solid build, in good shape for his age of early fifties. He looked somewhat stern, but more serious than anything. Someone who had raised Ylawes, who valued honor and virtue.
Human. To Ceria, he was what she had expected. Yvlon’s mother on the other hand, was different.
“Mother—”
Yvlon was enfolded by a hug from the amber-haired woman. But what surprised Ceria was that the woman had ink-stained fingers. Also—a Terandrian accent, greatly faded, but recognizable to Ceria and Pisces at once.
“Yvlon. It’s so good to see you again. You didn’t tell us you were on your way! We haven’t heard from you for months!”
The [Armsmistress] had a guilty look on her face as her mother put her hands on Yvlon’s cheeks and looked her up and down, gently.
“I’m sorry, mother. Father—”
“Yvlon. It’s good to see you. Is this your team?”
Yitton Byres was staring at Ksmvr, Ceria, and Pisces. His eyes flicked to his daughter’s covered arms. And Yvlon’s mother was glancing at Yvlon’s shirt. She blinked at Ksmvr.
“Yes—let me introduce everyone. Mother, father, this is my team. The Horns of Hammerad. This is Ceria Springwalker, my captain, Ksmvr, and Pisces. They’re trusted companions.”
Ceria bowed, and Pisces swept an elegant bow of his own. Ksmvr held out a hand to Yitton. The man stared at him. The Antinium smiled.
