7.37
Page 29
“We’re actually just passing through. Don’t know how long we’ll be here. If one of you wants to take the moth nest—be our guests. Just watch out—there’s always more of ‘em. If you have the ability to make rain, I’d use that. Takes them right out of the sky.”
“Thank you, Captain Springwalker.”
Some of them sounded halfway genuine. The others were just sycophantic. But that was adventurer politics for you. A Gold-rank team among Silver-ranks was a lion among uh, cats. Or something like that.
The Horns of Hammerad walked into the village where a group of villagers were hard at work. The [Headsman] hurried over.
“Captain Ceria, we’ve nearly finished your chariot. You have our deepest thanks. Please—we have some gifts for you.”
“Oh, there’s no need…”
Ceria began, but the man was already gesturing. The villagers offered the Horns a keg, food products—the [Headsman] explained.
“We can’t pay the full bounty, but this is just a token of gratitude. Please, we insist.”
“We had better take them up on the offer, Ceria.”
Pisces murmured, eying a chain of sausages. Ceria gave in. The Horns had done a number of monster-extermination requests and they’d learned the same lesson as the Silver Swords. You could insist on full payment, or give discounts and get gratitude, which was sometimes empty, or other times expressed like this.
“At least we’ll have a housewarming present, right Yvlon? Ksmvr, stop eating the bread. That’s for dinner.”
The Antinium looked up as a frightened [Baker] offered him loafs of his favorite food. He began loading the chariot and putting some of the foodstuffs into his bag of holding. Pisces walked over with his bag of holding open for the keg of spiced mead. The other Silver-ranks watched enviously, which made Ceria flush slightly. She felt bad—and she’d been on their side of things.
“Maybe we should ask if they want to have a snack, Yvlon? Or share some of the money? It’s not much—”
“Do you think we’d have been grateful? Let’s just leave it, Ceria.”
The woman whispered back and Ceria nodded. There really was no help for it; they hadn’t been able to slow down and let the other teams take partial credit. Not with an emergency attack. She was just about to thank the [Headsman] and check out their patched-up chariot when the man’s eyes widened.
“Excuse me, Miss. Did I hear…your name was Yvlon? As in, Yvlon of House Byres?”
Yvlon’s shoulders hunched. She slowly turned back and smiled.
“…That’s right.”
The man’s eyes widened.
“I knew it! Your hair—but your arms! You’re Lady Yvlon! We heard you were far from here! And wounded!”
His raised voice attracted the village’s attention. They turned and exclaimed. Suddenly, Yvlon was surrounded. All the reserve of Yissirain’s Rest turned into sudden adoration. Ceria blinked as her team was forgotten.
“Lady Byres, you should have said! Of course it was one of House Byres who came to our rescue! Your brother slew a pair of Mothbears when he was just a Silver-rank adventurer, oh, years back! I still remember it. And here you are! And your arms!”
“I’m just—no, we were just passing through. It was coincidence, really.”
“Are you visiting your family? Of course you are! We must send word!”
“No, please don’t.”
The [Armsmistress] looked desperately at Ceria. The half-Elf sighed.
Yissirain’s Rest was one of the villages in the domain of House Byres. The Horns of Hammerad had been travelling towards Yvlon’s home. The sudden call for help had been a surprise. And to Yvlon—an unwelcome one.
