7.37
Page 14
His Majesty, Perric of the Thalassocracy of Medain was direct. Not refreshingly direct, just direct. He gave Raelt orders—the [King] hadn’t missed that Perric addressed no one by their royal titles but himself.
Raelt had met Perric—fought against the man when he’d tried to seize land. Perric’s ego was something Raelt had learned to detest. He had sent maps, and his vision of how Raelt should fight a war.
Never mind that his ‘adventurer companies’ ran faster than mercenaries when they thought they were in danger. Raelt sat there.
Letters.
 
To The King of Duels,
We regret that the loss of our [Archers] is a toll too high for the Claiven Earth. We will send scrolls—enchanted munitions. No more lives. 
 
That was from the Claiven Earth, after Mars had assailed their half-Elven [Archers] and killed them.
 
Your Majesty,
Regarding your defeat of the half-Giant in battle, the Halls of Kilden-sel has voted to grant you…
 
A bounty for killing the half-Giant, with a suggestion that he aim for them. Perric had sent a sword as ‘congratulations’. Even Yisame had made reference to ‘your personal acts of valor and bravery’.
It made him sick. That had not been a proud day. But the monarchs revealed themselves. Each nation’s personalities. Claiven Earth hadn’t referenced the ‘victory’. Other nations had reveled in it, especially the Siren of Savere who’d sent him nothing but a congratulations note.
Of course, Raelt was no fool. He knew what the other nations knew by now. War with Reim had raged on for weeks, and then over a month.
They were going to lose. Jecrass was being reinforced by gold, supplies, mercenaries, even soldiers from other nations. But only to keep the war going. To allow them to bleed Reim as much as possible before they were defeated.
It was a smart move. If Raelt killed another half-Giant, or wore down Flos’ elites—that was good. What was unacceptable was his kingdom letting Flos build momentum and levels. That was why each nation was pushing him to fight hard. To do more damage than gain for the King of Destruction.
But they weren’t going to make themselves the next target of the King of Destruction. Not when he could use his [Army of the King].
“I’m tired.”
Raelt Leysars sat in his tent, listening to an army moving. He had over eighty thousand soldiers. He was about to clash with Flos Reimarch, who had a little more than half of his forces by his [Scout]’s count.
It wasn’t a battle Raelt would have taken a month ago. He’d have gone in with three times Flos’ numbers. But this was…it.
“Your Majesty. It’s time.”
Warden Winta bowed as Raelt left his tent. She looked at him with worry in her eyes. But still—he saw it.
“The King of Duels!”
They cheered him as he walked from his tent. The [King] raised a fist because they wanted him to and they shouted his name. For him—his army rode to war. For him, his people fought.
“Warden Winta. Is Jecaina at the palace?”
“No, your Majesty—”
Raelt spun. Winta clarified hurriedly.
“In the capital. She is tending to the people. With care and grace. Her presence reassures them.”
She smiled. Raelt did not. He passed a hand over his face.
“…Good. Good. You don’t have to do this, Warden Winta.”
“I know, your Majesty.”
He looked at her, and the other two River Wardens who’d come with him. Emile and Sekirst. He’d despised them so. Now—they were riding into battle with him, knowing the likely outcome.
“What is Jecaina doing, Winta?”
As they mounted up, Raelt spoke to her. He wasn’t leading the army like a [General]. He wasn’t that good. He knew his role—he’d insisted on it. Winta bowed in the saddle.
