7.37
Page 27
The [Headman] of the village emerged. He stared fearfully at Ksmvr; there were also eyes for Pisces, who was disassembling his Warbear, Ceria’s skeletal hand, and Yvlon’s metal arms. The half-Elf smiled as she strode forwards.
Skylark’s Hubris, who had approached with the Dawncallers, saw the captain of the Horns of Hammerad shaking the village head’s hand and giving him a quick speech.
“Sorry about the cold. I’m Ceria. Ceria Springwalker. This is Ksmvr. Yes, he’s an Antinium—”
“An—”
“A registered Gold-rank adventurer. Yes, Pisces is a [Necromancer]. All undead under full control. Also Gold-rank.”
“B—”
“My hand’s not undead. I just lost all the skin. Yvlon’s arms are a Skill. We’re happy to clear up the moths. Even look for the nest, although that might be a job for another team. All good? Ksmvr, say hello and don’t frighten the people.”
“Hello. I am Ksmvr. Perfectly harmless.”
There was a practiced feel to the way the Horns of Hammerad introduced themselves. They did it so fast that the stunned villagers didn’t really have a chance to object. They were kicking the moth bodies into a pile—the Silver-ranked teams jumped and grabbed at their weapons as they saw a few skeletons piling up the bodies.
“Undead! He’s using people’s bodies!”
A villager cried out in horror. She pointed at Pisces. The [Necromancer]’s sniff was loud and pointed.
“[Bandit] bodies, Miss. Perfectly acceptable.”
“Oh. But—”
The clear indignation in the young man’s voice made the villagers hesitate long enough for Ceria to speak over any objections.
“We need to burn the moths. There are always eggs and stuff. We need wood—if we don’t get that, we have to freeze them. Which I can do, but then you have a lot of dead moths lying about.”
“W-we have wood. Adventurer Springwalker, we can’t thank you enough. About the bounty…”
The [Headman] was still staring at the undead and Ksmvr, but he was now counting the dead moths, terrified of the cost of so many bounties. Ceria waved it off.
“We can talk that over. The Adventurer’s Guild has a bounty on monster attacks anyways. Actually—does anyone here know how to uh, repair wagons? Ours is busted.”
She looked around. The Silver-rank teams, villagers, all had the stunned look Ceria had learned to expect. She smiled as the [Headsman] looked at her.
“Excuse me. Miss Springwalker. But who are you?”
The half-Elf slapped her forehead.
“I always forget something. We’re a Gold-rank team. I doubt you’ve heard of us, but—”
She gestured to Pisces, relaxing while his undead did all the work. Yvlon, dragging a huge moth corpse towards the pile as Ksmvr snacked on one and carried an armful. The half-Elf grinned, and her pale blue-grey eyes shone in the sunlight.
“…We’re the Horns of Hammerad. Nice to meet you.”
 
—-
 
“Whew. I think we did a good job.”
Ceria Springwalker watched the burning pyre of moth bodies twenty minutes later. Cleanup hadn’t been hard once she’d gotten the village to help out. Pisces had even deactivated his undead; now he was enjoying a drink. He’d bullied someone into opening a keg for him.
“Good job? Our plan fell apart, Ceria. You two nearly broke your necks.”
A scowling woman in armor walked over. Yvlon Byres had washed the gore off her armor, but that didn’t change her disapproving expression.
“That wasn’t our fault. We hit a rock, and Pisces was driving—”
“Perhaps, then, our foe was so unimpressive that our mediocre tactics are still sufficient?”
Ksmvr smiled brightly. The Antinium looked content—and full. Ceria eyed the Antinium.
“You have moth stuff on your cheek, Ksmvr.”
“Pardon me, Captain Ceria.”
