7.37
Page 30
“I really must go. Of course, I’ll tell my father to make sure the Face-Eater Moths are destroyed. But there’s no need for thanks, truly.”
“House Byres has always protected us, milady. It’s an honor. We’ll send thanks, surely!”
The entire village waved the Horns of Hammerad off nearly ten minutes later, when Yvlon finally managed to tear herself away. Yvlon practically leapt into the chariot being pulled by Pisces’ horses. Even that didn’t dissuade most of the villagers from crowding around her.
“Get us out of here, Pisces.”
The [Necromancer] drove them off with a smirk at Yvlon. He opened his mouth and Ceria elbowed him warningly. When they were a good minute away from the village—the people were still waving and cheering her—Ceria turned in her seat.
“So…Yvlon.”
“We’ll have to go home straight away. Or they’ll send a thank-you gift to the house and wonder why I haven’t shown up.”
Yvlon’s face was, while not exactly gloomy, exasperated. She had declined to mention why, but none of her teammates had failed to notice a few things. They all sat back in the chariot. Ceria elbowed Pisces. He looked at Ksmvr and the Antinium happily committed the faux pas.
“I notice, Yvlon, that you have not informed your family of your new class or return home. Is this one of the ‘good surprises’ I have heard so much about?”
The woman glowered at Pisces and Ceria who innocently avoided her looks. She sat against the chariot and sighed.
“I didn’t tell Ylawes because he’d make a beeline for me and insist on…I don’t know. My father and mother for the same reason. Since we’re in the area, I thought we could just arrive and get it over with. Now, I guess we have no choice.”
“They’ll be happy, surely.”
Yvlon glowered.
“I’d have preferred not for anyone to recognize me. Especially—this.”
She gestured at her arms. The woman was taking off her armor. And putting on a long-sleeved shirt.
“Maybe if we make it fast—pick up the pace, Pisces. We can beat the messenger and they might not even mention anything besides our heroic rescue.”
“Yvlon. You’re not going to pretend to—”
Ceria saw the [Silversteel Armsmistress] cover her metal skin as she put on some long gloves. Yvlon gave her a look.
“It’s easier this way. I don’t want to make—a scene.”
The half-Elf looked at the [Necromancer] who studiously kept his eyes on the road. Yvlon didn’t like talking about her arms to most people. And this only confirmed their suspicions.
As always, Ksmvr broke the awkward silence. He might have learned more tact, but he was more than willing to ignore all his social graces.
“I am looking forward to meeting Yvlon’s family in pleasant circumstances. I believe her father was last laying siege to Liscor, but I was unable to greet him at that time.”
“Yes. That. I have to have some words with father about that, too. Let’s just get this over with.”
 
—-
 
It was a new experience. They had been a Gold-rank team for a while now. But it still felt new. And after reaching Invrisil—at last—they were going to Yvlon’s home. After that? Face-Eater Moth swarms weren’t a threat any longer.
They were ready for the real missions. The big bounties. Ceria was excited. They had one quest already set for them—the Village of the Dead. Pisces hadn’t said why, aside from his usual cryptic hints, but Ceria was willing to try it.
