7.37
Page 26
The half-Elf was shouting at the [Necromancer]. He was bellowing back.
“You try steering and aiming! [Deathbolt]!”
The walls of ice rose around Ksmvr and Yvlon, as well as a ceiling, funneling the moths who were still pursuing Ksmvr with his target-Skill active. Pisces unleashed a black bolt of magic that dropped a group of tiny moths. Ceria pointed.
“That way! No, watch out for the—”
They hit a rock. Skylark’s Hubris saw the chariot crash into a house. Two [Mages] emerged, swearing at each other. Ceria raised a wall of ice, stopping the moths ramming into each other. Pisces stabbed a moth with a flaming rapier.
“Arise, my Warbear!”
He pointed and bones rose. A huge skeletal bear tore into the swarm. Ceria gave up arguing. A moth landed on her back and she panicked.
“Get it off, get it off—”
“Relax, it can’t bite you.”
Pisces blasted it off with a pinpoint [Stone Dart] spell. Ceria felt at her back, but her new, snazzy enchanted robes had shrugged off the monster trying to bite her. She scowled at Pisces.
“This wouldn’t happen if you steered properly!”
“Well, maybe if you didn’t nag—”
“Shut up you two!”
Yvlon’s helmet flashed. The Sparkhelm blinded the moths around her as she cut down another. Ksmvr ran out of a clump of flaming moths, waving his Flamecoat Dagger.
“I believe we are winning! Let us not celebrate prematurely!”
He slashed a moth in half and calmly bit another with his mandibles before it could bite him. Ksmvr chewed and spat out what was left.
“Dead gods. They have to be a Gold-rank team.”
Skylark’s Hubris realized they were just staring. Lamely, they began loosing arrows. But the moths were focused entirely on the four adventurers taking them to pieces.
“Okay, ice aura! Activate!”
Ceria shouted. Pisces vanished, swearing, as the moths besieging Ceria suddenly flew off.
“I’m in your radius, Springwalker!”
He had frost on his robes. The [Necromancer] blurred over to a house, put his back to the wall, and promptly raised a wall of bones to take cover behind.
“Dawncallers, to the rescue! Ready for b—”
Skylark’s Hubris turned as another Silver-rank team they often competed with charged down the road. The light-based team stopped and stared.
The Face-Eater Moths were fleeing. Ceria shot [Ice Spikes] rapid-fire after them, and Pisces hit two more with [Deathbolt]. Ksmvr was aiming his enchanted bow at the fleeing moths, but Yvlon caught his arm.
“Not the magic arrows, Ksmvr.”
“Yes, Yvlon. Taste unenchanted steel, monsters!”
The Antinium switched to regular arrows and shot a moth before they were out of range. He could have used his crossbows—but each one was pre-loaded with a magical bolt and that was a waste of gold.
The Horns of Hammerad stood, panting in the village. Ceria clapped her hands to her head.
“The chariot!”
It was a cracked mess. And the undead horses were, well, powdered bones. Pisces sniffed as he picked around the wreck.
“The ah, horses are easy to fix. But the wagon…”
“What if I freeze the pieces together? We can fix it up—”
“I’m not getting frostbite again, Ceria. Maybe someone in the village is a [Carpenter]. Hello? It’s safe!”
Yvlon turned and called out. She saw a cracked window open further. The villagers of Yissirain’s Rest had seen the battle of course. They emerged, staring at dying moths and at the four adventurers.
“You have our deepest thanks, adventurers! We thought it would be at least another half an hour before someone arrived with such a large swarm…but who are you? And that—”
