7.37
Page 19
“The King of Destruction is dead. Lay down your arms.”
The River Warden rode at Flos’ body. She was aiming her wand, seeking a target. The [King] of Reim wasn’t breathing. She saw his hand on the rapier’s hilt. Warden Winta frowned. Had he—
The King of Destruction pulled the rapier out of his heart. Winta looked at him. He wasn’t breathing. She lifted her wand.
He ran her through with Raelt’s rapier. Let go. The King of Destruction’s face was dead white. He didn’t breathe. Jerkily—he reached for his belt.
Healing potion. He smashed the bottle into the hole in his chest. The potion and glass shards mixed with the oozing blood.
And the flesh began to heal. Raelt of Jecrass stared.
“No. That’s…”
The King of Destruction watched his chest close. Then—at last—he took one breath and fell from his horse.
“To his Majesty!”
Someone roared. Reim’s armies moved. The King of Destruction’s army began to fight. Desperately, as Jecrass’ momentum faltered. Both sides were watching that spot. And then—the King of Destruction regained his mount. In a circle of bodyguards, he inhaled a second time, coughing. He raised a hand. And his army roared.
 
—-
 
“But that’s not fair.”
That was all Drassi said. She looked at the King of Destruction, as he dismounted.
 
—-
 
“I cannot die that easily. Next time, aim for my head. Still, but for healing potions, I’d have died a thousand times over.”
The King of Destruction managed enough air after three minutes for that. Half of his army was clustered around him. The other side fought—but Jecrass was retreating.
“I will not die. Not—not that easily.”
The King of Destruction grinned. Blood ran around his mouth as his forces stared at him. He gestured at his heart.
“Still—it was a relief the potion worked. It was close. A heartless [King] would be a poor thing, eh?”
Laughter. He laughed, and Shepherd Zamea, Mars, laughed as if it was the funniest thing in the world. The Rustängmarder did not. They were kneeling.
“Your Majesty, we have failed our charge. Our deaths are yours.”
Commander Ytol knelt with help. The King of Destruction looked at the [Death Commander], mystified. He shook his head.
“I’d rather your life, Ytol. I should have expected that. The King of Duels earned his name again. But if you want to repay me—”
He panted.
“Give me one second. I need to catch my breath.”
For a minute, two, then six, he rested. Joking weakly, standing next to his horse more by force of will than anything else. For his army to see. Then he turned to his Rustängmarder. They rose as he beckoned them.
“You can offer your deaths if I die. But since I live—keep up.”
He grabbed his shield and a sword. The [Soldiers] started. The King of Destruction eyed the retreating infantry.
“A blade for a blade. To me!”
Flos ran, pushing aside [Soldiers]. At first, they were stunned. Then the momentum turned. The army began flooding across the field in a full-blown charge. Jecrass’ forces fled, the rearguard cut to pieces as the King of Destruction fought at the front of his army.
A warrior-king fit for his legend. He added to it that day. Jecrass’ army fled. And Raelt of Jecrass was alive.
 
—-
 
Emile was dead. Winta was dead.
He should have used poison. That would have done it.
But for one coating. One…Raelt didn’t hear the voices. Sekirst and the other officers took charge. The others helped him ride, helped him dismount. He found himself sitting in his tent.
The King of Duels sat there for a while. Then he rose. And when he did—he said only one thing.
“Let’s go home.”
