7.37
Page 22
Even then—the boy only cried when the [King] had left. Raelt knew it because he heard the sound before he rode away.
“Your Majesty. Your daughter is riding towards you. The other River Wardens—General Lael—”
They were all looking towards him for a miracle. The same one he’d pulled fighting the King of Destruction. And he’d done his best. But Raelt—he shook his head.
“Let them come. Bring me…bring me paper. A quill. And a [Mage].”
He let them fetch all three. The [King] took the quill, wrote while riding. His handwriting was poor, and the message brief. He sent his own letter, as he rode back. Enough of diplomacy.
“Send this to every nation who has contacted us. Now.”
The [Mage] bowed and took it. And the letter that was more than empty words and promises found its way to Queen Yisame, King Perric—the other monarchs. It was two lines.
 
I intend to sue for peace at any cost by nightfall. Respond if you wish.
       –Raelt of Jecrass
 
The letter moved thrones. Queen Yisame paled and broke off from her court of entertainment. She excused herself amid the flurry of Silk Stitchfolk.
“Send a [Message]. No—find someone who can communicate face to face! We must talk to King Raelt and convince him…”
 
—-
 
The Siren of Savere spat contemptuously, but her fingers drummed nervously as she checked the map. Nations lay between her and Reim. She turned.
“Someone send a [Message] to my sister. Tell her to visit me.”
But Rasea Zecrew, younger sister of the Siren of Savere and captain of the Illuminary, read few letters from her sister.
 
—-
 
Some monarchs took the news stoically, having planned it into their designs. Others made contact with Raelt, or just panicked. But the nearest [King] to Jecrass read the short message and his brows darkened.
“Unacceptable. Put me in contact with Raelt of Jecrass immediately. He must continue his war.”
King Perric of Medain rose from his throne. He ordered his [Mages], but they had to wait. Yisame was already entreating Raelt. And the [King] had little time for the Adventurer King of Medain.
 
—-
 
Letters. They were all sorts. News from friends. Updates. Important news, both terrible and good.
Rhir sent many letters on the same day as King Raelt sued for peace. Notices of death. As if the ghosts who had walked across the world had not been letter enough. Demands for aid.
The Deathless of the Demon King had returned.
Some days were truly like that. Dark. When it rained, it poured.
But as some people might have told you, rain wasn’t always a bad thing. Erin Solstice stood in her [Garden of Sanctuary] and looked up.
“Bird. What are you doing?”
On the hill, in the center of the dome, the [Bird Hunter] was standing in the rain. It poured through the opening that showed the state of the sky. It was raining, a brisk summer storm.
Bird stood in the rain, all four arms extended, as if trying to catch the rain. He looked at Erin.
“Waiting for water birds. They must be in the clouds.”
“Silly Bird. You’re going to catch your death!”
She laughed at him. Erin stood there, as water ran off Bird’s carapace.
“The rain is fun. So long as I do not drown, I will not die.”
He calmly replied. Erin had to own, that made sense. The [Innkeeper] hesitated. Then she walked up the hill and poked a hand into the shower coming down through the dome.
“Ooh, it’s warm!”
Bird smiled at her.
“Yes. And I am certain the little worms will like the rain.”
The young woman tilted her head.
“I didn’t know you care about worms, Bird.”
