7.37
Page 33
“Hello. I am Ksmvr. I understand you are Yvlon’s father? I have no frame of reference for fathers.”
That stumped Yitton sufficiently that he just shook Ksmvr’s hand. The Antinium turned to Yvlon’s mother.
“And you are Yvlon’s mother. Hello.”
“This is Shallel Byres, Ksmvr.”
Shallel? Then Ceria remembered. Yvlon had said her mother married into the family.
“How do you do? Yvlon has written about her new team. It’s a pleasure.”
Shallel Byres was made of stern stuff, because she just smiled at Ksmvr’s open mandibles. She turned to Ceria and Pisces.
“Are you from Terandria, Lady Shallel? I mean, Lady Byres?”
“Shallel will do. I am. From a minor house—I was Guildmistress of the Scrivener’s Guild before I met Yitton. I apologize for the ink-stains.”
Shallel was a lot different from Ceria’s vision of her. She gave Pisces a firm handshake, asking where he was from, and then turned to Yvlon. The young woman was gently hugging her father.
“You didn’t tell us you were coming, Yvlon. We would have prepared a proper reception for your team.”
There was a note of reproach in Yitton’s voice. Yvlon sighed, furtively tugging her gloves more snugly over her hands.
“I…it was just a spur of the moment. I wanted to just say hi. I won’t trouble you.”
“Nonsense. You need to stay and tell us everything that’s happened. Ylawes said he left you injured.”
“He didn’t have to come, Mother—it was an over exaggeration, really. I uh—parted ways with him a while back.”
Shallel gave Yvlon a smile. She walked over to her daughter and Ceria had a moment of intuition.
“Oh, we’ve heard from Ylawes recently, Yvlon. He’s in Reizmelt for some reason.”
Ceria winced.
“That was our fault, Lady Shallel.”
“Well, Ylawes may do what he wants. He’s been Gold-rank for years now. But I would have liked to know my own daughter had reached Gold-rank. Much less been hurt.”
“Mother, I’m sorry. I’d be happy to tell you everything. Really. I just forgot…”
Yvlon was raising her gloved hands and smiling. Shallel was quick. The former [Scribe] pinched the tip of Yvlon’s glove and pulled.
“And would you explain this, young lady?”
One of her silver-flesh hands appeared. There was a gasp from the crowd. Yvlon paled.
Yitton Byres looked at his daughter, his eyes wide.
“Ylawes told us you’d changed. Oh, Yvlon. What happened?”
Shallel stared at her daughter’s changed skin and then hugged her daughter fiercely. Yvlon hesitated. She looked embarrassed, ashamed—but she embraced her mother.
“I’m sorry, it’s just—”
“Why don’t we talk inside? We have a lot to catch up on. You and your team. And no objections, young woman. Come with me.”
The Horns of Hammerad saw Yvlon Byres’ mother pinch her daughter’s fleshy ear. She pulled and Yvlon yelped as she was dragged towards the keep. She probably could have ignored the pain, but her mother would still have walked off with her ear. Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr saw Yitton Byres studying them. Ksmvr looked around and smiled again.
“I quite enjoy Yvlon’s home. Oh, Lord Byres. Thank you for the tree.”
Lord Yitton Byres stared at the Antinium.
“Tree?”
That was when Ceria sent the [Message] to Erin telling her friend where they were. It looked like the beginning of an adventure. Or at the very least—a lot of fun watching Yvlon getting mothered by her mother. Ceria would settle for that.
 
—-
 
And so, letters were sent. Letters arrived. Bearing all kinds of useful and useless information. You could get sick of it.
