7.37
Page 4
He slung an arm around Ylawes’ shoulder as the [Knight] wore a pained smile. Dawil and Falene were coming up with a plan-of-action to rid Reizmelt of all local monsters. Fierre was sitting in a corner, grimacing at Ylawes. Alber was eating lunch.
“Miss Ryoka! Letter for you!”
A Street Runner gleefully skidded into the inn. It always amused Runners to deliver packages for each other. Ryoka looked up.
“For me?”
“Yup. There’s two, actually. One from an ‘Erin Solstice’, and the other from a ‘Mrsha’.”
Ylawes glanced up. Ryoka blinked.
“Erin and—Mrsha?”
The two letters were passed over and Ryoka tipped well. The Street Runner disappeared with a grin on her face. And Ryoka read the letters with hands that shook a bit.
Erin’s letter was short and cheerful. The handwriting was clean, and it looked dictated. Mrsha’s letter was…different.
“Ooh. They must have paid to copy the handwriting. That’s pricey.”
Fierre peeked over Ryoka’s shoulder. The City Runner chased her away. She wanted to read this privately. Mrsha’s first letter? Ryoka read Erin’s first.
 
Hey Ryoka, it’s Erin! Bezale offered to send our messages through the Mage’s Guild in Reizmelt, so I paid for it! Mrsha wrote her own letter, and she worked so hard on it, so we had it copied! That’s like—something [Scribes] can do, apparently. Cool, right?
I’m good over here! We’re working on the you-know-what for the thing with my name.
 
Ryoka covered her face. Erin’s version of subtlety was banging two pots together without explaining why. But then she focused on the letter.
 
I’ve found the second person you want. So that’s two out of three! You won’t believe it, but it’s true! She was actually there when you were, but you never noticed her. Neither did I, until recently!
 
“Two? That’s impossible!”
Ryoka stared at the letter. She thought over everyone she’d met. But there was no one…her heart began to pound. Was this happening? Was Erin’s effect enough to warp reality?
 
Anyways, I talked it over with her and there are…complications. She might not make it…but we are trying everything. She’s a great person and I want to help out.
 
If she had time. Maviola El sat in The Wandering Inn, thinking. The [Lady Firestarter] was trying to digest a magical ritual, the fae—who were actually Winter Sprites—and the fact that Izril had a damned [Emperor] gallivanting about to the north.
“I don’t have enough time.”
Maviola El had made her peace with her end. But ironically, now—she had so much more to do.
She had one vial left. She’d just taken her second-to-last potion. It was time to…talk.
She was writing a letter of her own. The [Lady] was working hard on it.
 
Dear Olesm,
If you’re reading this, I’ve left. I owe you an explanation…
 
She didn’t want to do it like that. Maviola El would rather talk to the Drake, whom she had grown attached to. This was just in case. The [Lady] was conflicted, though. Perhaps it was better not to let him know at all. That was cruel—but what was cruel was sometimes best.
“Where do I go?”
Two weeks. She could linger one week more, perhaps. But soon—she had to go. Liscor was a beautiful place. A wondrous place. She could die here, loved, content.
But she was Maviola El. She wanted more. She wanted to see this meeting of the fae. But two weeks wasn’t long enough to reach the Solstice. More than that—before she died she had greater goals. The [Emperor] was tempting. Very tempting, to go north and see what manner of royal fool had trespassed on her continent.
