7.37
Page 1
New guitar, new inn. Well, sort of. Erin passed by the kitchen and saw Ishkr gingerly heating up a pot of soup on a heating rune. All you had to do was say the word ‘ignis’ and it would ignite. In theory. But there had been complications.
“Ignis—”
A jet of flame shot up and the Gnoll swore and grabbed at the pot. Erin winced.
“Hedault will fix that, Ishkr!”
The problem was that Erin’s inn had too much mana in it. Hedault had been trying to limit the ‘draw’ of the runes with Montressa. He’d gotten several basic enchantments in place, but some, like the kitchen, were a matter of fine-tuning the spells.
“Hello, Mrsha. Here’s Ryoka’s letter. Do you want to read it now or…?”
Lyonette sighed as Mrsha tried to leap for the letter and grab it. Excitedly, Mrsha ran around, signing for Erin to read the letter now.
“Maybe we should make Mrsha read it, to test her reading skills?”
The [Princess] was clearly not as enthused as Mrsha and Erin about the letter. The [Innkeeper] laughed.
“We can let Mrsha do that later! Okay, Mrsha. I’ll read it if you sit on my lap and don’t bounce.”
The Gnoll and young woman ended up sitting by the fire as they read. Ryoka’s letter was beautifully written—Bezale had excellent penmanship.
 
Dear Mrsha,
I hope this reaches you well. I think it’s going through Bezale, assuming she’s in the inn. I tried to send it to her, so if it fails you won’t see this. 
I’m in Reizmelt. It’s been a mostly uneventful trip. I’ve uh, been kidnapped once, but Erin sorted that out. I don’t know if you heard about that.
 
Mrsha gave Erin a long look. The [Innkeeper] blushed.
“I forgot, okay?”
The two settled back. Some things were left unsaid. Ryoka had warned them about the Mage’s Guild. So the two imagined what was said in the letter.
 
I’ve gone back to the inn I was staying at. Mad Madain’s inn. He’s as insane as usual—he brought in a bear he killed the night I returned. Alber, Fierre, and I all ate there. And the Silver Swords, the ones who kidnapped me. It’s been, uh—
 
“I’m terribly sorry, again, Miss Griffin.”
“It’s fine. Please stop mentioning it.”
Ylawes was about to continue, but Dawil elbowed him as he reached for another helping of bear.
Actual bear. Ryoka stared at the cuts of meat. It was…not as good as you might think. Gamey. But the Dwarf was shoveling it down, in great spirits.
“All’s well that ends well! Say, this is great stuff. Come on, lad. And you too, Pointy! No sense in turning down dinner!”
He smirked; a decidedly green half-Elf was poking at her bloody meat. Falene looked around again, but Madain was preparing another cut of meat.
“I don’t suppose there’s—any side dishes?”
“Side dishes? Go to a fancy restaurant or tavern if you want that. In my inn, you eat what you get! Hey! Anyone want a raw cut?”
“Here!”
Dawil and Fierre both raised their hands. They stared at each other. The Dwarf grinned as he wiped at his beard. Ryoka winced. So did Ylawes. Fierre tried to hide.
“There are such things as parasites in meat, you know, Dawil.”
The armored man took another bite of his medium-rare meat. Ryoka nodded. She was sitting awkwardly with the Silver Swords, who’d insisted on buying dinner after the…debacle. It was a painful meal. Not because there wasn’t something fascinating about the trio of Gold-ranks.
No, it was because Fierre was trying to hide behind Alber every time Ylawes looked her way. Ylawes of House Byres.
Vampire hunters. Ryoka wished she’d chosen somewhere else to dine, but they’d followed her. Ylawes coughed and leaned over.
“I don’t think your friend likes us, Miss Griffin.”
“She’s shy. And sick.”
