7.37
Page 3
They sat together, after Ylawes had left Ryoka alone to shout the news about Yvlon and bother his sister. In Fierre’s office, behind the enforced door. And even then—they huddled around the little vial.
“Do…you want to take it now?”
The Vampire girl hesitated. She eyed Teriarch’s panacea. She reached for it, hesitated again. Then looked at Ryoka.
“You won’t tell me who it’s from. Or how you paid for it. Despite rumors of Grand Mage Eldavin appearing for the first time in years as well. Decades, even.”
Ryoka kept her face straight, although the Vampire’s knowing look made her want to laugh. If only she knew…
“I can’t say, Fierre. But this is real.”
“It can cure me of everything that’s making me sick. Everything…that’s harming me as a Vampire.”
“Yes. But I was told—there may be other reasons contributing to your sickness. I don’t know what. It was just a hint.”
Something is making them sick apart from…what? Teriarch had let slip that the panacea would cure all, but only the symptoms, not the underlying cause. Ryoka wanted to investigate. But she had no time.
“I’m leaving tomorrow. I just need to send a letter—to Mrsha. Fierre. You can trust me.”
“I know that. I just—”
The Vampire girl smiled and then stared at the panacea. Her eyes flicked to Ryoka.
“How? And are you sure? It’s so…I mean, it looks real. But there’s only one dose? And—”
She gestured at the glowing vial. Her gaze flickered again and Ryoka realized.
She didn’t believe it was real. Why would she? And if it was real…Fierre was thinking of her family. They sat there, staring at the vial. Fierre’s hands twitched towards it. She coughed, muffling the cough with her sleeve. She looked more terrified of the cure than anything else Ryoka had seen. Even Ylawes.
 
—it’s been endlessly busy over here. I’m about to go on my big delivery, so wish me luck. I’m sending this letter to you the day before I go. So—I’ll be back soon. Tell Erin and Lyonette that I’m going forwards with the plan. 
I hope
When I
Love you and see you soon,
       –Ryoka Griffin
 
It was a letter that said a lot and nothing at all. Exasperating. Which fit Ryoka. Erin sighed when she finished it, but Mrsha was smiling. Something was better than nothing.
Letters. Erin saw the longing look on Mrsha’s face. And then she had a thought and asked Mrsha something. Something that changed it all. Or at least—made a little Gnoll smile.
“Mrsha. Would you like to send Ryoka a letter?”
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin was sitting in the Huntress’ Haven when she got the letter back from the Mage’s Guild. It had taken three hours for a reply and she was double-checking the supplies on the table.
“Scrolls…yes. Potions…yes. Rope—”
“It’s like she’s going on an adventure of her own.”
Ylawes commented as he wiped down his armor. The Silver Swords had made the inn their base, much to Fierre’s displeasure. But it was cheap, and the owner, Mad Madain, seemed to like the Gold-rank adventurers. Well, he had been one himself.
“Hah. She’s always doing shit like that. Crazy as a loon. Hey—you lot doing another mission?”
“We’re hunting a colony of Wailer Frogs. Apparently there’s a lot more and they’ve been breeding, Master Madain.”
The [Knight] bowed slightly to Madain. The former adventurer grinned.
“Fucking frogs. You know, Ryoka bailed out a team of Silver-ranks who got attacked by them? Idiots didn’t know how to handle them. But I know the marshes—can’t stand eating frogs, but I’d be down for some slaying. For old time’s sake. Why don’t I come along and show you rookies—”
