7.37
Page 5
Yet—the Antinium Hives called her. Ere she died, Maviola wanted to see all that could be seen. And bring a scrying orb with her. There were Antinium here. Were they the same as the ones who had brought war to the Drakes?
“Not enough time.”
The [Lady] pushed Olesm’s letter aside. She didn’t have to do that one—yet. She was working on a second letter. Insurance. And maybe a third to Magnolia? If only to tell her to smarten up and stop making Erin Solstice her enemy.
Oh, letters. They were such useful things. Messages that endured when she would not. But words on paper couldn’t convey everything. The [Lady] was so focused she barely noticed the Drake sliding into the seat opposite her.
“Hey, beautiful. Can I buy you a drink?”
“I’m spoken for.”
Maviola barely glanced up. The Drake grinned with that wide, wide smile of their species.
“Oh, come on. After we’ve done so much business together? Not that we’ve ever met in person.”
The [Lady] looked up. And she saw Saliss of Lights smiling at her.
Maviola dropped her quill. She caught herself, and tried to smile naturally.
“I’m sorry, Adventurer Saliss, but I don’t think—”
“Hey, Erin! Can I get a drink?”
“Get one from Drassi, Saliss! I’m busy helping Mrsha! And put your box on!”
The Drake glanced towards the bar as he looked around for his box with the ‘small nuts’ message he found so hilarious. Erin was busy writing her letter while Mrsha laboriously wrote with a quill, encouraged by Lyonette.
“Drassi’s gone! She’s working for Wistram, remember?”
“Oh—fine!”
Erin got up and stomped around the bar. She came back as Saliss shouted an order.
“Firebreath Whiskey for you, Maviola, and Rxlvn for you, Saliss. Um. Are you sure?”
“Super-sure. I love it.”
The [Innkeeper] dubiously slid over the black drink for the [Alchemist]. She eyed Maviola.
“If he’s bothering you—”
“No, not at all.”
The [Lady] gave Erin a forced smile. Erin nodded to Saliss.
“‘Sup?”
“Nothing much. Working with your flowers. I’ve found something, but I need more testing. Just hanging out.”
“Cool. Don’t bother people.”
Erin walked off. Saliss waited until Erin was gone, and then he looked at Maviola.
“For one thing, Lady El—you didn’t change your name. Any idiot knows red hair is rare among Humans. And I have this.”
He tapped one eye. Maviola blushed; it was a rookie mistake. She took a breath. Well, it wasn’t as if it was trouble if people knew…
“What do you want, Adventurer Saliss?”
“Nothing much. I just wanted to ask how many you have left. I count one or two vials left—but you bought my earlier work and the latest one. That’s about four weeks.”
The Named Adventurer sipped from his drink, proving that the concentrated Antinium alcohol really was potent if even he had to take it slow. Maviola took a sip from the fiery drink and coughed.
“…One left. I just took the other.”
“I see. You know—I’m glad you bought it. Too many middle-aged men of every species want to use the Potions of Youth for a week of fun. If I’d known—well, I’d still have auctioned them off. Money is money. But I’m glad to see it works.”
The Drake looked at her, and Maviola wasn’t fooled by the grin. There was a keen intelligence in Saliss’ eyes. Named Adventurers might be insane, but they were generally far from stupid. And she’d heard of Pallass’ famous alchemist. He had changed geography itself with his potions.
“I’m grateful, Adventurer Saliss. But I’d prefer not to make a fuss.”
Saliss nearly snorted his drink out his nose.
“Maviola El. Not make a fuss? I looked you up, Lady El. And your entire life has been fuss. I’m a huge fan, actually.”
Maviola had to laugh.
