7.37
Page 23
“I do not. But the earliest of birds eat the worms which love the rain. Therefore, I am happy the worms like the rain. The worms also make good snacks.”
“Ah. Of course. Um. D-don’t bring the worms into the inn, okay, Bird?”
“…I would never do that. No. Never.”
Erin peered suspiciously at Bird. He turned around so his back was to her. She edged around the rainy spot.
“Bird…”
“There will be no worms if you check tonight, Erin.”
“Yeah, there had better not be. I sensed your ‘secret hiding spot’ under your floorboards.”
“…I do not know what you mean.”
The [Innkeeper] sighed. But then she eyed the warm rain and decided it was fine. She hesitated, and then jumped into the shower.
“Aah! Oh, wait. This feels nice.”
“Erin. What are you doing?”
Lyonette saw Erin and Bird welcoming the rain. The [Innkeeper] laughed as she waved at her little inn’s family.
“Hey! It’s warm!”
Mrsha went racing up the hill to join them. Lyonette folded her arms, but Numbtongue decided he could use a shower. He stopped swinging his sword near the arid area of the gardens and walked into the rainstorm. He opened his mouth for a drink as Mrsha waved at Lyonette.
The [Princess] blew out her cheeks. But her exasperation was short-lived. She looked around for watchers and then ran up the hill.
“Oh fine. But you’re getting a proper bath after this, Mrsha!”
“Stop shoving, Mrsha! I’m going to fall! Hey, we need water guns! I should reinvent those!”
Erin was laughing as Mrsha ran about, trying to knock the adults down. Numbtongue and Bird decided to help and Erin went tumbling down the hill. She charged back up and knocked Numbtongue down.
“Hey, that looks like fun. Anyone got a bucket?”
The Earthers poked their heads into the garden. Mrsha looked put out—but only until Kevin charged up the hill with a bucket of water. Rose shrieked as Troy and Leon tossed a bucket of water over her and Joseph. The [Kicker] shoulder-charged Leon into the pond and a few beavers decided to retreat to their dam while the damn Humans played.
It was a moment in the rain. The only person who didn’t join in was Apista. The bee sensibly buzzed around the dry, safe parts of the garden while the idiots got wet. Wings did not mix well with water.
“This place has so much potential. Hey Erin, what if you, like, built a water slide into the dome that leads into the pond?”
Erin turned around to stare at Galina. Mrsha’s ears perked up.
“That’s a genius idea—”
“Oh no. I don’t like the sound of that.”
Lyonette scowled, looking up at the tall dome, even without reference to amusement parks. Erin was trying to explain how water slides weren’t as dangerous as, say, roller coasters, when the last letter addressed to her found its way into the inn at last.
“Erin. [Message] for you.”
Bezale stood at the door. She could have walked in, but the [Spellscribe] was trying to be polite. Erin, sopping wet, stumbled towards the Minotauress.
“Is it those [Lords]? Or Zevara? I’m busy uh, having fun!”
“No. I thought you’d want to see this. Here.”
Erin’s wet hand closed over the transcribed message. It was short. She expected it to be from Geneva after a second thought, or maybe Ryoka with some Ryoka-problem. But this little note made her smile.
“Oh wow. That’s great news!”
“Who is it this time, Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] waved the little message and smiled up at the others as they turned, curious.
“It’s our favorite adventuring team!”
Mrsha, Bird, Lyonette, all looked at each other. Numbtongue scratched at his head.
“…Which one is that?”
Erin threw a clump of dirt at him.
 
—-
 
