7.37
Page 11
By the end of the day, people had learned that Mrsha’s actions did not match her internal thoughts—or at least, the thoughts they prescribed to her. Correspondingly—Mrsha learned that a cute face and sour tongue lost you your appeal. Or sour paw, as the case might be.
It culminated in a scene with Maviola.
 
You are in my way.
Please stop annoying me.
 
The [Lady] stared at the pair of cards; she’d been sitting in Mrsha’s favorite chair. She frowned as Erin explained.
“Oh, I’m in your chair, am I?”
Mrsha nodded, self-importantly. She failed to see how even Erin’s generosity had run out. Erin had received a ‘you smell bad’ card just an hour ago.
“Well, I would hate to bother such an important person. Please—”
Maviola stood up. Mrsha leapt into the chair with a haughty sniff. Maviola smiled at her. Then she grabbed Mrsha.
“Excuse me for one moment, Erin. Someone needs a lesson about watching their tongue.”
The [Druid]’s eyes went round. She struggled—then tried to get her wand, but Maviola was too quick. Ignoring the wiggling, biting Gnoll child, she walked into the kitchen. Ishkr paused as Maviola went over to the water buckets that were used for everything from drinking water to cooking. She dunked Mrsha’s head into the water.
The Gnoll came up, spluttering and making howling sounds. Maviola did it again. Then she put Mrsha on the ground.
“Hit me and you’ll regret it. Let that be a lesson to you: kindness opens more doors than rudeness.”
Mrsha hesitated as she raised a paw-fist. Maviola smiled at her. The Gnoll looked around for adult-support.
She got none. Lyonette held up a card and handed it to Mrsha. The Gnoll read her own handwriting.
 
You could do better.
 
Everyone walked off as Mrsha gloomily added nicer cards to her lineup. But the words…she had words now.
 
—-
 
Letters were good. Letters changed things. For good or ill. It just took a simple message.
“They’re coming! They’re coming!”
Lism raced into the Council’s meeting room. He was waving a brief, formally delivered missive that had just come by [Messenger]. The others, minus Elirr and Jeiss, had received his summons.
“Who, Lism?”
Krshia frowned, somewhat annoyed at being called from her shop. He could have told them all what was happening later. But she didn’t snap like usual.
Things were different. You could smell it in the air. Hexel was going around Liscor, designing the city—Elirr was often acting as liaison with him. People were coming to Liscor—
And now Lism was smiling.
“It’s our first guests, you idiot, Silverfang! Hectval is sending a delegation to Liscor!”
The others looked up. Hectval, the nearest city past the Bloodfields. Krshia sat up.
“That is good, you fool, Lism, you. When are they arriving?”
“Tomorrow. It’s not that far now the road’s done. They can ride towards Liscor quickly. Hah! They’re sending some of their city’s leaders! Their version of the Council. We have to prepare! This is the start of something grand! We should—have a soccer game? And show off some of our new accomplishments. Hide the [Architect]…they are a Drake city…it’ll be nice to have cultured guests for once! Those snobs from Pallass still haven’t visited—”
Krshia smiled as the Council burst into a furious debate. Things were changing. And—she glanced at Raekea.
The Meeting of Tribes was also coming. They’d have to leave soon if they wanted to arrive by the solstice. And that would be a gathering to remember.
 
—-
 
Shriekblade received another kind of letter. Well, it wasn’t the kind someone just wrote down and handed to you. And it went through no Mage’s Guild.
