7.37
Page 13
The [King] was tired. Tired of letters. Tired of—piecemeal help. He had no doubt that Yisame’s letter had been accompanied by a donation via the Merchant’s Guild into his coffers. Thousands of gold pieces. And she was hiring mercenaries, anyone she could scoop up and sending them towards Jecrass.
So what? It was useless. Most of the [Mercenaries] had heard about the slaughter or just knew the King of Destruction’s reputation and were refusing to fight. Those that did come—well, they retreated if Flos so much as sneezed at them.
This was not their war. King Raelt scrubbed a hand through his hair. He recalled the letter he had worked on so hard to send to her. After the lengthy list of her royal titles, he had written the rest himself, swearing over the delicate handwriting.
 
Your Exalted Majesty, Jecrass cannot long endure alone. While we shall not forget your tireless generosity and aid, of which has allowed us to stave off our Great Foe, Jecrass is in need of support from Nerrhavia’s exemplary legions, of whom we must request immediate aid.
Nothing less will stop Jecrass’ defeat. If, in your wisdom…
 
On and on, of course. There were rules, with Yisame. Raelt had never been one for international correspondence. He’d been used to Lyfelt—
Lyfelt. Raelt closed his eyes. No, he had to focus.
—Lyfelt, who had been at home with straight talk. But Yisame required the royal ‘we’. She was also peculiar in language. She—or the people dictating and reading the letters to her—did not like to mention battles. Raelt had learned that quickly. Yisame did not like numbers, or concrete details.
Even the King of Destruction was only referenced as ‘our Great Foe’, or some such. Never outright, never openly. Again, probably just in case Raelt used the letters against her.
Which he had only contemplated a dozen times. It wouldn’t work. Yisame had sent a few thousand of her good [Charioteers] with the first outswelling of aid. She had subsequently watched Orthenon hack them to pieces and hired mercenaries instead.
She was afraid of Reim. Even though it was still far smaller than Nerrhavia even with three nations mostly added to it. Raelt…couldn’t blame her.
Flos Reimarch was winning.
Army by army. Battle by battle. Whenever they clashed, Jecrass lost far more. It was Orthenon, Mars, Flos—Zamea and the damned half-Giants and Parasol Stroll. His elites were veterans of countless wars. Raelt had numbers. Flos had experience, morale—
Especially morale. His armies seemed to grow emboldened after each bloody conflict. They thrived on it. Raelt’s troops—
No. Jecrass’ sons and daughters fought more bravely than anyone could have asked, defending their homes. But they couldn’t handle charging into a slaughter so many times.
So Raelt asked for aid. He begged for it. Yisame—she respected civility. Others were less flowers. More direct. Raelt read another letter he’d received yesterday.
 
King Perric to Raelt Leysars:
       Regarding your request for aid, we believe Jecrass is insufficiently utilizing your forces. If your forces see fit to use our adventurer-companies in their proper capacity, Flos Reimarch should be slowed.
       Enclosed is a map of our tactical targets. We advise you in no small measure to seek and destroy Reim’s weaker targets. Some reinforcements should be enroute.
Dealing with Mars the Illusionist, your [Trick Riders] have found some advantage. However, we suggest using the Farlight Raiders to engage her from afar as she has employed using Scatterblades to deal with your riders…
 
