7.37
Page 25
A pair of undead horses were pulling the chariot. The horrified Silver-ranks reached for their weapons. But they saw the chariot turn and go off-road. Their leader stared. There was a young man in white robes driving the vehicle. A [Necromancer]?
“Hey! You!”
Someone shouted at them. They saw a half-Elf waving her skeletal hand. She pointed at the distant swarm.
“Hey. You heading to this Face-Eater Moth raid too?”
The chariot slowed, but Skylark’s Hubris had to accelerate to keep pace. The adventurers saw a woman with silver arms calmly sitting at the back of the chariot. And next to her—
“What is that?”
A huge bug-man waved at them. The half-Elf grinned. Frost coated the place where she was holding the chariot. The leader of Skylark’s Hubris shouted at her.
“We are, but what is—who is—”
“Sorry, can’t talk! That village is in trouble! We’ll get things started! Back us up!”
“Wait! What do you mean? We haven’t prepared—”
The adventurers saw the chariot accelerate. Their horses reared rather than get close to the skeletal horses dragging the chariot forwards. Illsul paled.
“Oh, dead gods. They just charged in.”
“Stick to the plan—stick to—”
The undead chariot shot across the ground. Skylark’s Hubris nearly collided with each other in their panic. The other team was headed straight into the center of the village and the Face-Eater Moths sensed the prey. They turned in a huge storm. They were going to die—they were—
The Horns of Hammerad. The chariot didn’t slow or turn as the moths flew at them. In fact, it picked up even more speed.
“Ready, guys?”
The half-Elf shouted at the others and got nods.
The [Necromancer] was standing at the prow, resting one foot on the front of the chariot, robes blowing in the headwind. A woman wearing silver armor with metal arms dragged him back down.
“Stop that, you idiot. You’ll fall off if we hit a stone. Again.”
“It’s about the image, Yvlon—”
The two began fighting as the first moths dove. The half-Elf pointed.
“Now! Ksmvr! Covering fire, Pisces! [Ice Lance]!”
A huge javelin of ice shot from her wand and struck the first moth in the chest. Skylark’s Hubris saw the monster crash to the ground, dead. They stared as the Antinium leapt.
“Jumping. I am a target! [Focus of Ire]! Attack me, you snacks!”
Ksmvr flew upwards, Forceshield raised. He slashed with his dagger and shortsword as the swarm turned on him. He landed on a moth, crushing its back, leapt again. He landed and ran left, dodging the moths swarming around him.
“[Acid Orb]. Yvlon—now!”
Pisces hit the swarm converging on Ksmvr with a brown-yellow orb of acid. The moths dropped out of the air, writhing as their carapaces smoked. But the largest moths were still after Ksmvr.
The [Skirmisher] dodged back towards the chariot. The moths flew after him, single-minded. And the woman with silver arms leapt from the back of the vehicle. She planted her feet.
“Ksmvr—”
“Evading!”
The Antinium leapt past her. Yvlon Byres set herself and raised the repaired Sword of Weight. She tensed—
“[Sword Art: Curve of the Moon].”
The Silver-rank team saw the glittering arc cut through dozens of moths. The [Silversteel Armsmistress] plunged forwards after her Skill activated. She swung her sword two-handed, cutting down the largest moths. Another landed on her shoulder, trying to bite the metallic flesh—she grimaced, flexed one arm—
A spike of metal rammed through the moth’s midsection. Her skin had morphed in reaction to the attacker.
“What is—”
“Pisces! I said go around the village! Around! [Ice Wall]! [Ice Wall]!”
