7.37
Page 15
“Tending to disputes. Ah—enforcing the law.”
“I see.”
Her carefully worded reply told Raelt everything. The problem was the foreigners. Mercenaries, adventurers—especially Perric’s damned adventurers. Even if Jecrass received aid, supplies, it had to be coordinated. It was a mess of supply lines—just last week, Reim had hit a caravan from Nerrhavia and stolen enough food to keep their bellies full for a month.
Raelt couldn’t deal with that. He had to stay on the front. He’d left Geril to try and manage it. And Jecaina had…grown. She was apparently much beloved for her efforts in restoring order. Raelt wished he could see it. He’d forbidden her to go towards the front.
And today—well—Raelt Leysars rode towards the King of Destruction. They’d arrayed themselves in the open plains. Zamea and four half-Giants waited, along with the Rustängmarder, the Serpent Hunters—and Mars. Orthenon was fighting with Parasol Stroll to the south, against General Lael.
It was not a good fight. Raelt had a hodgepodge of forces, not just Jecrass’ mobile cavalry. He had ‘only’ thirty thousand troops over Flos and he’d learned it was impossible to break through the King of Destruction’s lines without a concerted effort. Simply outflanking the King of Destruction was impossible; Flos would retreat if he thought he would be at too much of a disadvantage.
And he relished a relatively equal fight. Raelt had known he would take the bait and fight here, despite the plains favoring Jecrass’ cavalry. Perhaps—perhaps it looked like any other battle from afar.
 
—-
 
The Drake [Reporter] shuffled her notes. She was excited. You could hear it in her voice. Drassi Tewing spoke into the ‘camera’, wondering where the term had come from. She was gesturing at the battle below.
“—it looks like both [Kings] are about to clash for the fourth time during this war. King Leysars has been on the back foot, so to speak, but we’re rooting for him, right! Wait, we are, right?”
She looked sideways and got a desperate nod. Drassi was less formal than Sir Relz and Noass had been. But ever since they’d been ‘temporarily relieved’, her commentary had been widely liked. She squinted down at the battle, going off-script for a second.
“You know, this King of Destruction is not someone I’m a fan of. Just a warmonger. At my job, of course, there are Gnolls rooting for him and that’s fair. But he started this war with Jecrass over wanting to kill Belchan’s [Prime Minister] and all the elected officials. I mean—come on. At this point it’s just an excuse, am I right? I think I’m right. The duel was amazing, though.”
She craned her neck as another view of the battle came on, with a map held to the side for clarity.
“Let’s see…well, the odds aren’t great for King Raelt, but we’re all hoping he pulls through! He does have his famous [Flicker Charge] and that’s broken the King of Destruction’s lines before…but Reim’s forces are staggered so that’ll only entrap them if they use it carelessly…”
 
—-
 
Raelt was tired. But when he rode in front of his soldiers and the King of Destruction did the same, both men shouted. Flos’ voice was even louder, but Raelt had a spell on the amulet and he did his best. He knew the other nations were watching. Yisame, Perric…he didn’t give his forces another rousing speech this time. He wondered if Jecaina was watching.
“People of Jecrass. Warriors of Chandrar. This is it.”
They stirred. The [Mercenaries] looked nervous. The adventuring teams already began to check their teleportation scrolls. Raelt ignored them.
