7.37
Page 6
“Well, I have something planned. But it really is…”
The end. She looked at her arms, her smooth skin. And Saliss of Lights looked at her. He took a deeper drink from the black liquid permanently staining the wood of the mug and muttered.
“Two weeks is a short time.”
“It’s enough. I’d have settled for a day.”
The [Lady] had known this was how she wanted to die. Standing, running. If she died in an Antinium Hive or anywhere else—she vowed her last spark would be one the world saw. She only regretted the lack of time.
Perhaps Saliss did too. He looked at Maviola, leaning forwards on the table and glanced at Erin.
“You know, Maviola—I’m going to call you Maviola since I hate titles—I’ve been experimenting with magical flames. Erin’s got some that have useful…effects.”
Maviola glanced up sharply. [Like Fire, Memory]? Erin was too careless. The Named Adventurer was looking at her.
“I know you have a lot yourself.”
“They’re not for sale.”
She snapped at him. The Drake raised his brows.
“Not even for another Potion of Youth? Or two?”
The [Lady]’s eyes went wide. Saliss looked around and lowered his voice. He’d sprinkled something around the table, Maviola saw. Some kind of dust—without her even noticing.
“Sorry. Just need to be confidential. Think about it. I’m…having a few landmark breakthroughs of late. And Potions of Youth—well, they could bankrupt me if I tried to produce them wholesale, even with auctions.”
They were insanely expensive, Maviola knew. She doubted her fire, even if she gave him every flame she could make, was worth even a quarter of one. But Saliss was looking at her. And the [Lady] felt her heart beating faster. She hesitated and the letters unsent crinkled in her hands.
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights looked at Maviola El. He had a letter too. They came from Pallass, for people in his profession.
‘Please, won’t you make this antidote?’ 
‘Consider this offer—’
With pain, he ignored those. Sometimes, he did charity work. But the Mage’s Guild knew better than to send those unsolicited messages to him. But after running screaming out his laboratory demanding more of Erin’s flowers—he’d used nearly half of her supply—he had sent one to Oteslia.
One had arrived for him. And Xif. The idiot [Gardener] who’d sent it had assumed they were working together, and Saliss had nearly had to deck the older Gnoll [Alchemist] after they’d gotten it.
 
To Alchemists Xif and Saliss of Pallass:
Initial cuttings of the flowers are germinating—with great difficulty. We would appreciate additional samples if possible for experimentation. We suspect the plant has an adult form not harnessed yet—
 
Saliss glanced at Erin as she finished her letter and Mrsha wiped ink into her furry cheek. He’d webbed Xif with a potion, and the other [Alchemist] was currently stuck to the side of the street which was why he wasn’t in the inn. The Drake looked at Maviola El and smiled.
 
—-
 
Erin’s letter went on.
 
You do your delivery. I’ll try and figure out this ‘big E dude’ and see what I can do to help. Everything is good here! Pelt—he’s the grumpy Dwarf [Smith]—moved to Esthelm and Numbtongue loves his new sword. He practices with it all the time. Sometimes with accidents.
 
The scream went through the entire inn.
“Numbtongue!”
The Hobgoblin was hiding in the basement. Erin and Lyonette had just found the gigantic cut in the wall he’d made by accident. Bird waved at Erin through the gap.
“Hello, Erin. I have a new roommate.”
Recriminations were had later, especially since [Partial Reconstruction] didn’t fix holes in the wall.
 
