7.37
Page 16
“The King of Destruction has fought us time and again. Well—I’m tired of this battle. Aren’t you?”
The army chuckled. They looked at him. And in Jecrass warriors, he saw fear. But also trust. The [King of Challenges] squared his shoulders.
“Today. Today, my citizens—we will bring all our wrath down on him. Today. It cannot be tomorrow, or a week from now. I am tired. Let’s end it in one battle.”
They fell silent. Waiting for something more. But Raelt just turned his horse. He heard a cheer begin. But it faded away. The [King] rode forwards slowly. He could practically hear the worthless letters, [Messages] shooting out across the world, wondering what he meant. 
To the King of Destruction himself, perhaps. It didn’t matter. Raelt rode forwards as the three River Wardens took their positions. He drew his rapier. The King of Destruction turned on his horse; he had been making a longer speech. Raelt saw Zamea frown as he rode forwards.
“Jecrass, to me!”
Raelt rode forwards and went deaf as his army roared. He rode forwards. Looking for the red-gold hair. His foe.
 
—-
 
“Um. I just heard that apparently King Raelt intends to make this the final battle. Wait, is that report correct?”
Drassi stared at the bit of parchment she’d been handed. Her eyes widened as she saw Jecrass’ army charging.
“Wow. They’re going in—”
 
—-
 
“[Flicker Charge]!”
His army vanished and reappeared a dozen paces ahead. They crashed through the first line of Reim’s forces and hit the second. They were surrounded in a moment.
It caught the King of Destruction off-guard. His half-Giants moving to flank hesitated, as friend-and-foe milled around. Half of Jecrass’ army was now in a mill against Reim.
It meant retreat would be far more difficult. Raelt had never pushed this far in. It was fine. He had no intention of quitting the field until he was done.
His blood should have been boiling. The sound of his soldiers dying as they crashed against the Rustängmarder, the elite vanguard, chilled him.
But he was just cold. And tired. Raelt rode forwards. Not in the first rank. He was waiting.
“To me!”
Warden Emile was pushing left. Warden Winta and Sekirst right. They were leading their elites forwards.
“Mars the Illusionist!”
A voice from the side. Raelt turned. He heard the screaming before he saw her. The flicker of magic in the air.
She was coming. The [Vanguard] charged and the close-knit forces died where the King’s Champion attacked. Raelt looked around.
“[Trick Riders]. Buy me five minutes.”
“Your Majesty!”
One of his [Captains of the Horse] raised his sword and saluted Raelt. The [King] watched him plunge towards Mars, trying to capture her with ropes, slow her.
“Thank you.”
Raelt whispered. He turned and saw it.
The Rustängmarder were holding the ground. The elite infantry could survive lance-strikes to their chests and they rose after death. Jecrass had few [Lancers] anyways—but the Rustängmarder were still only a hundred strong. Even if they didn’t die—
You could still make an opening. The King of Destruction was fighting on his horse, surrounded by a royal bodyguard. As Warden Emile crashed against the Rustängmarder, Raelt saw it. He pointed.
“With me.”
He rode forwards. The remaining [Trick Riders] shot through the press of bodies. Their mounts did impossible stunts, leaping, sliding through gaps—travelling.
The King of Destruction saw him, of course. Flos Reimarch was laughing as he fought. He threw an axe—
Raelt slid sideways. Behind him, one of his [Trick Riders] disappeared. Raelt saw the Rustängmarder react to the danger.
