7.37
Page 28
Pisces wandered over with a mug of something. He had two more and offered them to Ceria and Ksmvr—Yvlon didn’t like drinking. The half-Elf accepted the mug gratefully.
“Thanks, Pisces. Ooh. This is nice.”
“Stop making them serve you, Pisces.”
The [Armsmistress] scowled at the [Necromancer]. He gave her an indignant look.
“Yvlon Byres. We have saved this village. Surely some remuneration—”
“It doesn’t mean you get to order them around like servants.”
Someone started, but neither adventurer noticed. The two were about to begin bickering when someone nervously approached them.
“Uh. Excuse me.”
The Horns of Hammerad turned. They saw a group of adventurers all staring at them. Ceria smiled at Skylark’s Hubris.
“Hi. Thanks for the assist! Sorry we didn’t introduce ourselves beforehand—there was no time. I’m Ceria Springwalker. And you are…?”
“Idell. Captain of Skylark’s Hubris. This is uh, Omel, Captain of the Dawncallers, and…”
Ceria’s brows rose. Six Silver-rank teams had converged on the sudden moth attack, ready for danger and glory. All but two had arrived too late.
“Oh wow. You all were here for the raid? Um. Sorry for…”
She waved at the burning moths. The Silver-rank teams stared at the Horns of Hammerad, who’d nearly single-handedly disposed of the entire swarm.
Idell gave Ceria a pained and clearly fake smile.
“Not at all. Its first-come, first-kill, of course…we didn’t know Gold-ranks were in the area.”
“We’re new to the area. Just passing through.”
“I see. Er—any plans on staying? That is—where are you from? I haven’t heard of the Horns of Hammerad before…”
“Ah, well, we worked further east and then around Liscor for a while.”
“Really? Really? Were you at the dungeon, by any chance? I heard one opened up.”
The adventurers saw the Horns laugh or shake their heads ruefully. Ceria explained.
“We were there when it first opened. Believe me, that’s a dangerous dungeon.”
“You were first in? Any treasure?”
The other teams crowded a bit closer. A few stared at Ksmvr, but they were adventurers. Pisces got the most distrustful looks. But Ceria was friendly as could be.
“A bit. But mostly monsters. We fought a Face-Eater Moth swarm way bigger than this one. Nearly took down the entire city. Are you all local teams?”
By that, she meant teams who had a set area they took requests in. She got nods from all but one team. The Silver-rank Captains asked Ceria about Liscor while the others hung back.
“So Liscor’s dungeon is…Gold-rank?”
“Is that an Antinium? I thought there were no Antinium-adventurers.”
“You just took apart that swarm. Are you a [Cryomancer]? We have a [Curse Mage]. If you’d like to swap spells…”
Pisces hung back with Yvlon as Ksmvr walked around, shaking hands and unnerving the other Silver-ranks. But they were too polite to say anything. Or rather—the [Necromancer] distinctly heard them whispering.
“Bastards could have left us a few moths. There’s only tracking duty left now…”
“Gold-ranks. Just went charging in. No plan. Could have gone south…”
He eyed the speaker and opened his mouth. Someone smacked him on the back of the head. Lightly—but her metal finger still hurt. Yvlon looked at Pisces.
“Leave it. They’re just grousing. Can you blame them?”
The young man sniffed. He looked about to snap back, but then shook his head. He actually smiled, ruefully.
“Were we ever like that?”
“Yes. Don’t pretend we’ve been Gold-ranks forever.”
She nudged him. Ceria excused herself from the crowd of Silver-ranks.
