7.37
Page 35
“I thought about it. We could try copying it. But if you didn’t think Saliss of Lights could—I thought about my father. Or mother. But…I guess I’m a bit of a monster. I wanted to know.”
The Vampire looked at Ryoka, longingly. Slowly, with one hand, she removed the cork. Ryoka made a sound.
“Fierre—”
“I want to know. I trust you, Ryoka.”
Fierre locked her eyes with Ryoka’s. She tilted the vial up and let the liquid slide out of the vial. It left not a drop. Fierre swished the liquid once, swallowed.
“Hey, it tastes—”
Her expression went blank. Ryoka leaned forwards. She waved a hand in Fierre’s face. The Vampire girl didn’t blink. She sat there, motionless, eyes wide.
“Fierre? Hey, driver, stop the carriage—”
The coach slowed. Fierre sat there as Ryoka reached for her. She couldn’t open the door. It was still light out.
“Fierre? Is something—”
The girl opened her mouth as something within her activated. The flash of light sent Ryoka slamming against the coach’s walls.
“My chains!”
The coachwoman roared. Ryoka, pulling herself upright, saw the door fly open. The driver floated in the air, hovering off the ground. Her garb had been knocked aside. The bound Djinn stared at Ryoka, her hands and eyes crackling with fury.
“Those who attack the Unmarked Coach die—”
She hesitated, seeing Ryoka lying there. The City Runner threw her hands up.
“It wasn’t me! It was a healing potion!”
“A—”
The Djinn stared at Fierre. Ryoka’s head turned as well. The Vampire girl lay in the coach. The driver hesitated. She adjusted her clothing, landed on the ground. Both Runner and spirit stared.
Fierre’s pupils shone crimson as she opened her eyes in the dark confines of the coach. She sat up. And there was something fluid about the way she moved. As if, suddenly, the world around her was submerged in water. Ryoka had seen that kind of speed before. Relc—Gazi—
“Ryoka? I feel…”
The Vampire whispered. She looked at Ryoka. The driver. Then she moved. She snatched something up. Her bag of holding. Fierre opened it. Then—
Puked. Ryoka saw the Vampire girl vomit straight into her bag of holding. Fierre emitted a huge stream of dark liquid. Both the City Runner and driver recoiled. Fierre tried to say something and a second stream of vomit came out of her mouth and nose.
“Aw.”
Ryoka made a sound of disgust.
The Djinn driver stared at Ryoka. She looked at the puking Vampire, at Ryoka—and then slammed the door. She started the carriage again, grumbling.
“I hate my job.”
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Today apparently marks the 4-year anniversary of The Wandering Inn. And we’re back from break. Oh, and The Last Tide is available for preorder. Check the link at the top of the page and consider doing the survey!
So much is happening. When I think of when I started TWI, it was quiet and uneventful. I just wrote my story. Now look at us.
Puking Vampires. We’ve done it! But more seriously, I have you all to thank. I hope you enjoyed the first chapter back—the monthly break might feel long, but it is helping me, so if you can tolerate it, that’s great.
We have amazing stuff. You might notice there are new banners on the site, courtesy of Raoul! We also have art of The Wandering Inn commissioned by Reverend Carl, the [Generous Frog] of Discord and drawn by Enuryn! I’m featuring both today—give them all the love in the world!
Thanks so much for reading. Look forwards to next chapter. I know there’s nothing interesting going on, but I’m sure I can pick some…plotline to follow. Until then!
 
https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
https://www.instagram.com/enuryn_naturalist/
