7.38
Page 4
The Drake had gotten to Liscor just before Selys. And the unlucky young man had been got. Hawk blinked.
“You know him?”
“Yes! Erin is going to throw a fit. I’d better let her know. Wait…if you saw what happened, why didn’t you do anything?”
The Drake rounded on Hawk as she reached for the door. The Courier raised his hands.
“Whoa! Selys! You know I’m a Courier. I can’t get involved in beating up criminals. There’s professionalism of my class to consider. I know you’re used to…Ryoka and other Runners, but I don’t make enemies. If I’d known Welle was Erin’s friend, I’d have stopped the mugger, but—”
“Ugh. That is just so like you, Hawk! You could have saved Welle, but you stand back because you won’t do anything. Erin would, and she’s not even a fighter! Or P—”
Selys stopped. But Hawk’s ears had already twitched. He folded his muscular arms.
“Go on, say it.”
“I wasn’t going to say anything.”
“Yes you were. You said ‘P’. You mean, Pisces.”
“—Or Ceria, or Yvlon or—”
“It’s always Pisces this, Pisces can do that. I’m sorry I don’t animate the dead, Selys.”
“It’s not just that! You didn’t even do Erin’s delivery!”
“Yeah? Well, you seem to take every opportunity to complain about being with me. Is it just me or do I think that’s unfaithful?”
The Drake gasped in outrage. The moment of reflection that Hawk might be correct turned into fury.
“Unfaithful? We’ve been seeing each other for less than a month! I thought it was casual, but you’re always like this! You know what? If that’s how you feel—we’re done.”
“What? Selys—wait—”
Hawk’s angry face turned into one of shock, then astonished hurt. He tried to pursue Selys. Meanwhile, Welle, forgotten, groaned as he tried to give a description of the attacker—some Human—to the [Guardswoman].
Which, to be fair, was a bit more important at that moment in time. He had been mugged. The [Guardswoman] was taking it seriously too. Mainly because she had a good idea of what was about to happen next.
 
—-
 
“Someone mugged Welle? Numbtongue! Bird! Palt! Let’s go!”
Erin grabbed a frying pan. Lyonette grabbed her and dragged her back.
“Oh no you don’t, Erin. I told you—you can’t overturn the city every time!”
“But Welle!”
“He’s got a bump on his head. If you explode a building or cause another fight, Zevara will eat you. Not to mention, it’s dangerous. It just takes one idiot with a knife.”
Erin hesitated. She lowered the frying pan and the [Guardswoman] relaxed.
“This is just a standard mugging, Miss Solstice. Looked like it was unplanned too, so the criminal’s probably not got a hiding place planned. Rest assured, we’ll get him. With Mr. Soot gone, the underworld is in chaos. Our Gnolls are on his scent already.”
“But—okay. As long as Relc and Klbkch—oh. I mean, Relc gets on it! Tell him I’ll give him free dinner if he gets the money back tonight!”
The [Innkeeper] saw the [Guardswoman]’s face change at Relc’s name. Erin stopped.
“What?”
“Guardsman Relc—was reassigned to another city, Miss Solstice. A week ago.”
“…Huh?”
The young woman and Lyonette both turned to look at each other. The Drake [Guardswoman] hesitated. She sensed—too late—the equivalent of a [Dangersense] going off in her head.
“I thought you knew. Er—he was reassigned after the Golden Triangle incident. I heard his apartment was burned down.”
“He never told me that. Where’s he been living? I’d have let him stay at the inn for free! For a while, at least.”
Erin looked around, shocked. She saw the [Guardswoman] slowly step back. Erin’s head snapped around.
“Where is Relc?”
“Er…I have to get back to duty, Miss—”
“Where. Is. Relc?”
