7.38
Page 26
It was so easy for her to do, and he hated her for it. He only saw the finished product, hours later. But then—so did she. She didn’t respect the craft; in many ways, Erin Solstice was callous.
This was how it had taken shape.
The metal moved under the [Blacksmith]’s hammer. It flowed and reshaped itself, touched by a master. It had been rendered pure by Skill and knowledge and talent and care. From the moment Pelt had selected the iron ore, chosen his crucible and ensured neither air nor foreign contaminant could disrupt the purity of his product.
It mattered. In a way, the Dwarf had finished forging before he’d even put hammer to metal. With the purity of his metal, what was shape to the substance he had wrought? But he was a master of both.
“It won’t flex just right.”
“Bah. It’s thin enough. It’s a test-run. And you can’t enchant wood the same way, right, Hedault?”
“Not at all. Give me twenty minutes.”
The [Enchanter] took the semblance of the board, curved upwards on both sides, made of steel rather than wood. The Dwarf was busy with the truck. He copied the form based on the one look he’d gotten from Kevin’s skateboard, fashioning a template out of clay.
“This good?”
“Yes. Holy…how did you know?”
“Eh. So long as I know the measurements of the board part, I can keep it the same ratio. Now stand back. I’ll need to fuller these wheels too.”
Erin had remarked that it was a stupid, stupid idea to make a bicycle out of steel. And perhaps this idea was just as cracked. But there was magic involved too. Hedault weighed the board on a little scale.
“Hm. Nearly a third of the weight, as I said. Here.”
He handed it to Kevin. The young man whistled as he lifted the board and offered it to Erin. She lifted the metal incredulously. Yes, steel was suddenly lighter than titanium. Maybe not as light as wood or aluminum could be—but close.
The thing was that they were taking shortcuts to the real thing. Hedault did the truck of the skateboard next, reinforcing it so the steel wouldn’t deform under the impacts the board needed to take, and making it lighter. It wasn’t something, say, Ceria, or even Palt or Montressa could have done. But that’s why Hedault was there. Erin had, in her way, found the best experts in the region. Arguably, a large part of the world around her to do what she wanted.
But it was easy because of how she did it. She wasn’t experimenting. She wasn’t…innovating. She was searching for a way to create what she knew would work.
And that made things easy. So much easier than finding it out after trial, failure, improvements on the design. In the same way a…an iPhone was indecipherable and beyond even the most advanced early super-computers of their eras, it was all about time.
Time, which equated to knowledge in this case, expertise, money, and talent. And the finished product was easy.
Easier than a bicycle. Kevin gingerly stared at the all-metal contraption. It was shiny.
“You could paint this in a wicked scheme. But the wheels—”
“I roughed them up a bit. Should grip. And the top’s got sandpaper on it.”
Literally. Pelt had just glued it to the metal. Kevin stood on the board. He experimentally pushed himself forwards and nearly fell—
“Whoa! It’s fast!”
“Lightweight enchantments, and [Grease] enchantments where it spins.”
Even Hedault had been caught up in the excitement of creation, once Erin had apologized properly and amended her behavior. And why not? For him, this was new.
