7.38
Page 29
The young man halted a foot from the ground. His flailing arms, and scream—all stopped as Hedault’s ring flashed. For a second Kevin hovered—and then the enchantment let him drop. He hit the ground.
His skateboard had slammed into the railing just past him, narrowly missing a watching group of Dullahans. Kevin heard exclamations, shouts from above. He tried to stand up—but his arms and legs were jelly.
“He nearly killed someone!”
“That ring saved him!”
“What in the name of the Ancestors was that thing? Some kind of artifact?”
People were shouting. Erin looked at Hedault. The [Enchanter] stared down at Kevin, surrounded by a crowd.
“That was quite dangerous.”
“No kidding?”
The man waved at the skateboard.
“Not the ring. It could have saved him from a much faster drop. Although…it’s only safe up to a certain amount of weight. I might have to adjust for that kind of acceleration. I meant the skateboard. It’s quite a projectile.”
Indeed, before Erin even got to Kevin, the nearest [Guard] had arrested him. They might not have known what law he’d broken, but he’d broken something. However, the [Guard] proved unable to escort Kevin to the Watch House or jail.
A mob of Pallass’ youth practically carried Kevin off. They demanded to know what he’d just been riding.
Lady Salkis herself would have been part of that mob, but for her damned [Bodyguards]. She couldn’t stop her tail from wagging.
“Find out what that is.”
“But Lady Salkis—”
“That’s an order.”
Look at it. No, look at it. In a moment, Kevin’s face became burned into a thousand eyes. A vision of speed. And the skateboard? Kevin was trying to explain as people fought to prevent it being stolen and begged for a chance. In his mind whirled visions of ramps, places where he could do that trick more safely—and lots of Hedault’s rings.
Grimalkin of Pallass saw it all. The Watch tried to stop the inevitable. But the mob of people proved too much for them. And they ended up just clearing a death-zone around the southern staircase as the first Garuda tried to ride down all nine floors. She ended up wiping out after just two floors and flying off as the skateboard blasted further down like some missile of death.
Look what you’ve done. He saw Erin Solstice amid it all. She wasn’t the focus of attention; Kevin was. But he knew who had caused this.
Look. Pallass wouldn’t ever be the same. A Drake went down one floor before he hopped off, screaming. His tail had nearly torn off every scale as it dragged behind the skateboard. Of course, each rider had to borrow Hedault’s ring. And the others wanted one of those boards yesterday.
“Even the damn [Enchanter].”
Hedault went down all nine floors like an arrow thanks to a [Sticky Web] spell on his feet. And Grimalkin, Erin—no one could have predicted that. Or how Hedault laughed.
She changed everything. Grimalkin watched Erin. Had she planned this? Or was it just chance? Thoughtlessness. Soon, Drassi or Wistram’s broadcast would pick it up. And then—well, he had seen what happened with football. Imagine this? What would it change? Nobody could know, not even Erin Solstice. What had she done?
“It’s not her fault.”
He told himself that. He had wondered if she was just a child. Or if some things—taking in Antinium, introducing the things she did—was because she knew something.
Either way. Grimalkin didn’t keep watching. He could have marched up there and he wondered what Erin Solstice would have said to him. But he wouldn’t do that.
