7.38
Page 22
“Do you know what aluminum is? It’s this lightweight metal used in alloys—I don’t know if you’d know about it. It was…”
He looked at Erin. Aluminum as an industrial metal had been invented in the last two hundred years of Human civilization owing to the difficulty of properly smelting it. It was plentiful, but not something Erin had ever seen in circulation in Liscor, or even Pallass’ forges.
Pelt snorted. But his eyes had lit up.
“You think there’s a metal in this world that Dwarves haven’t learned of before Humans? Tell me more. What does it look like?”
“Um…silvery. If it’s raw. Really lightweight compared to steel, but a lot more ductile. Weaker.”
The Dwarf tapped his fingers impatiently on the table.
“Be more specific. Tell me something unique about this metal.”
Kevin was sweating as he tried to recall useful little bits of information. He snapped his fingers.
“Oh! I’ve got one. It’s not magnetic! You know, if you have—”
The Dwarf’s eyes sharpened.
“Ah. Keep going. What’s the melting heat?”
“Er…I know it’s actually sort of common, just hard to process…”
The [Blacksmith] grilled Kevin for a few minutes, but in the end he had his answer.
“It can’t be Dwarfsteel. Not if it’s that malleable and needs alloying like that. And Humans have discovered tin long ago. I think you must be talking about Serraleun.”
“You know about it?”
Erin blinked at Pelt. He took a deeper gulp of wine as he snorted.
“Of course. Different names, same metal. And you’re wrong. Humans ‘discovered’ that ages ago. Can’t just slap your own stupid names on the metal. ‘Aluminum’. Hah. Serraleun’s a tricky bastard of a metal, but Chandrarian [Smiths] have worked with it before. It’s one of the many metals that goes into Naq-Alrama steel.”
“Ooh. Is that a secret?”
The Dwarf glowered.
“Not one I’m going to get in trouble with since they put so many damn metals in there. Everything from Adamantium to—”
He glanced at Palt and Hedault’s avaricious expressions and Pelt’s tone became circumspect.
“So, could you actually make a bicycle out of this metal, Pelt?”
Selys was excited. The Dwarf [Blacksmith] eyed the sample gear and flicked his fingers at it.
“Gah. I hate—what did you call it? Gears? So many little teeth and they have to be perfectly aligned. Of course, I can do it, but I have to make them myself. My apprentices aren’t that good yet.”
“They do have to be perfect. And the chain—”
Kevin could actually describe a bike’s chain well, having worked with them so long. Pelt nodded impatiently.
“It’s damn chain. I make chainmail. It’s even made of parts, so I could do that. Just a pain to make all the little bits. Still—there are ways to speed up the process if I knew I was making thousands of parts. However. I’m not working with Serraleun.”
“Why not?”
The Dwarf looked around and counted on his fingers.
“Firstly, the process is a pain in my ass. Even building the contraption you need to smelt the stuff takes an [Enchanter] and time. Second, I hate the stuff. It’s poison if you get it in your lungs. Third, I don’t want to.”
“But Pelt…”
Erin sidled around with the bottle of mostly-empty wine. She waved it at the Dwarf and he smacked it away.
“I’m not done. If you wanted me to make it out of your ‘aluminum’, I’d say no. But why bother? You. Boy. Did your smiths not think of using mithril? Or a lighter metal?”
He pointed at Kevin. The young man jumped.
“Me? I mean—no. Aluminum was cheap because they made a lot of it. Isn’t mithril expensive?”
“Yup. But I’d be able to get more of it than Serraleun. And even a weak alloy of mithril is strong.”
