7.38
Page 1
“People eat clams. And oysters. I’ve had them. Okay…I think you just get some hot butter, which I have here, with garlic. Let’s lever one out and—ew.”
Both young women recoiled from the clam Erin pried out of the shell. Clams, to the uninitiated, had an uncanny resemblance to slugs, snails, and other members of the mollusk family.
“Erin. That’s disgusting.”
“No it’s not. I think. This—this is a delicacy. Yum. Hold on.”
Erin gingerly dipped the clam in a bit of the hot butter and nibbled at it. She brightened up.
“Hm. The butter really helps, you know. I can work with this. I’ll ask Lasica for a fancier clam-recipe. But this works. Hey Selys, want—”
The Drake had backed out of the kitchen by the time Erin turned around with the tray in hand. Erin sighed.
“I’d still take an investment in the inn!”
She shouted after Selys. The Drake saw Erin leave the kitchen.
“Hey! Anyone wanna try a clam with butter?”
She waved one hand. People looked around. Mrsha came racing out of the garden’s door, took one look at the clams, and raced back the way she’d come.
That was conversation one. But as Selys saw Menolit, Bezale—who liked seafood, since it reminded her of home—Montressa, and a few others gather around to share thoughts, she did have a thought.
All of Erin’s ‘bigwigs’ had indeed been into investing. They had cornered everything from Pallass’ spas to local agriculture, trade—Selys had been dismayed to see how fast they’d jumped on the opportunities in Liscor. They hadn’t come to visit, but a number had bought space in Liscor for construction projects.
Even a certain Wall Lord in Salazsar had purchased land, which had led to a number of representatives flooding into Liscor from Salazsar, Manus, one from Fissival and Zeres…
Liscor would have its elite class, even if a good number wouldn’t ever visit the city. But that meant Selys wasn’t on the ground floor by herself. Actually, her apartment already had six floors thanks to Antinium labor and a lot of Human tenants. But while it was steady—buying a second area of land wasn’t very tenable. It was long-term income and Selys wanted something exciting.
She looked around The Wandering Inn, and then at Erin. The Drake’s eyes narrowed. Well—some things were obvious. And if Erin had been serious…
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn was hopping. And not just with the clientele. Lyonette had taken credit for, well, developing the inn’s actual income source in clientele, both guests and regular diners. She had made great strides, even if there were complications.
“Belgrade…Pawn…I don’t know how to say this. But no. Please undo that.”
The [Princess] rubbed at her forehead. Belgrade and Pawn looked crestfallen.
“But Lyonette, the stables are done!”
Belgrade pointed at the stables. Lyonette stared at it.
“Yes. And it’s…good. But—and I don’t know how to say this—you can’t have a stables with two floors.”
The two Antinium looked at her. Pawn raised one hand.
“Why not?”
“Horses don’t like heights. I realize you two wouldn’t know this. Uh…it’s not something I usually have to explain.”
“But there is even a ramp. See? Thus, twice as many horses can be stored due to vertical design. I came up with it myself.”
“Yes, but—no. Belgrade, please make it one floor only. We can store fodder on the second floor or use it for something else. But no second-floor stables.”
It was amazing how the Antinium were both more efficient than any other species and simultaneously, more inept. They’d somehow put up the framework for the entire stables in a morning, before Lyonette had been able to see it. Belgrade’s antennae drooped.
