7.38
Page 16
“But I didn’t bother. Didn’t seem too practical. What if the bark appeared on the inside? Well, I was also thinking about making an acid-fly squirt bottle. For…self-defense. But I don’t need to. Not all of this is useful after all. Or if I could do it—why bother?”
She sighed. Selys was nodding as Erin reached for the list. It was like her daydreams. Spa, funding adventurers—what was the point? It wasn’t what she really wanted to do, even if it was possible. Erin was closing the journal when a last entry caught Selys’ eye.
“Wait, what’s that word there? Bicycle? What’s that?”
Kevin blinked. Erin looked at the entry and sighed.
“Oh. Bikes. You know—it’s this vehicle. You can go around fast with it, and I wanted to make it, but—look.”
She showed Selys a much-worn page with a sketch. It was…it looked like some odd, odd wagon to Selys. She understood the concept. Two wheels, a seat—but Erin had erased and drawn around something connecting the wheels.
“I tried talking with [Blacksmiths] and [Carpenters]. I saw this movie where some guy made one out of steel, but that was like, a movie because it would cost way too much.”
“And it’d be way too heavy.”
Kevin chimed in. Erin nodded distractedly.
“Yeah! And I can’t figure out how the gears work. See, bicycles use gears, like Pallass’ elevators.”
“Well then, could someone from Pallass make one?”
Palt looked at Erin, with a keen interest. The same as Selys. But Erin was shrugging.
“Nah, I tried guys. But I never knew how bikes worked. My dad always made them. Listen—it’s no good. You know, because I’m from Earth? I can’t make gears or remember how the chain worked!”
She leaned forwards, whispering. Selys…hesitated.
“What’s Earth?”
Erin froze. She gave Selys a slow, panicked look.
“I’ve told you both, right? Wait—oh no. Have I not told you, Selys? I was sure I did!”
She began to panic, Selys’ eyes narrowed.
“What’s ‘Earth’? Erin…”
“Mind wipe her, Palt!”
Erin shouted. Selys just stared at her. Palt covered his face with his hands. Selys looked at him—but before she could press Erin on what that meant—Kevin spoke up.
“You know, gears are really tough. I don’t blame you, Erin.”
“Yes! Thank you, Kevin!”
“What’s—oh, never mind.”
Selys would look it up later. She was sure it was important, but like Grimalkin, she had no frame of reference to really understand what Erin had just said. Earth? Had Erin come from underground?
Oh, Ancestors. The Drake glanced at Erin and then coughed.
“Erin, how can you not know how these bikes worked if you rode them? I ride wagons and I could probably build one if I had to!”
Underground? Erin spluttered, but Kevin smiled.
“Gears are harder than they look, Selys. Actually—Erin, you don’t need shifting gears for a bike. Just a chain and pedal system. The gear system makes it really complex, but the first bicycles weren’t fancy at all.”
Erin, Palt, and Selys blinked at Kevin. Kevin, who had been stoned out of his mind a few seconds ago. And Erin…had a thought.
“Do you know bicycles, Kevin?”
“Know them? I used to work at a bicycle repair shop. Lot of people loved them. Wanted to be eco-friendly. You know, in California? San F—”
Kevin broke off, eying Selys. He coughed.
“—I thought about making one too. But Magnolia never went for it. And I didn’t need to until now…I actually had some sketches too.”
“Wait. Wait. You know how they work?”
Erin was blinking, caught off-guard by this sudden revelation. Kevin gave her a thumbs-up with both hands.
