7.38
Page 10
And The Wandering Inn…could be quite safe. Not, perhaps, from monsters, but those weren’t the kind of enemies Onieva worried about. But how did she test Erin?
As Onieva walked back to the common room, she saw the usual bustle around the room. She tried to remember that she didn’t know anyone here; dead gods, but she’d have to reintroduce herself to Erin as Saliss’ cousin. She hated that. It was always the same introduction and dance…
How to do it? As Onieva pondered, trying to figure out how to test Erin without alerting anyone else—and that was a tall order because Erin could be very oblivious, on purpose or accidentally—she heard a voice from the stage.
“Rose! Help me brainstorm plays, will you?”
Galina was there, with the Players of Celum whom she had been drawn to like iron to a magnet. The theatre-girl from Earth was happy as could be.
By contrast, Rose was a bit of a Kevin in that she was aimless, but satisfied being aimless. Joseph was ‘soccer-guy’ much to his displeasure, and Leon and Troy were a team who did their own thing. Imani practically ruled the kitchen when Erin wasn’t doing something in it; she’d even learned to deal with Mrsha, mainly by offering the Gnoll treats to leave her alone.
But Kevin and Rose were amiable helpers. Kevin was especially amiable at the moment, thanks to Palt.
In one corner of the inn, Grimalkin was waiting for Erin too. Waiting to confirm his theories of time travel. But all that was beside the point. Galina had a problem.
“There are a few plays we’re adapting to the stage, Rose. But a lot of them don’t work. You know more than the others. Brainstorm with me?”
“Sure. What plays are you guys making?”
Galina had a list. All of Erin’s, plus the new ones she’d suggested. Some, like Chicago, needed adaptation, but they’d been hits among the Players and both Liscor and Invrisil’s groups were trying them out and adapting them.
The problem was that Galina had yet to get Erin’s recall ability. Mainly because Galina wanted to act, not just produce.
“If only I could remember everything like Erin. Okay. There are some like Angels in America that just don’t work. You know? Way too much of…everything from home.”
Rose was nodding. It was true; a lot became too topical. Stuff like Long Day’s Journey into Night worked—that was about the Human condition, more than the era, which was really the condition of people everywhere—although there were interesting differences.
“Well, there are a lot of movies that do work. Titanic…uh, Hunchback of Notre Dame…”
“Not just Disney, Rose, or blockbusters. I want to bring something new! Fresh!”
“Okay. Here’s a play. Have you seen Rent, the musical?”
Galina had. Her eyes flickered, but she frowned.
“Rose. That’s Broadway, though. Not exactly the Bard of Avon. Also—not my favorite play.”
“Hey, I liked it. You wanted help…”
The young woman rose to go, huffily, and Galina dragged her back.
“No, I’m sorry! It’s just that we’ve used our rotation of plays and the Players want to do something fast.”
Rose glanced at the [Actors] on stage. They were set to do Juliet and Romeo tonight, or so it said on the placard next to the stage. And the audience, while it was there, wasn’t as large because a lot of people had seen the play already. Or five times.
Rose smiled at the Juliet and Romeo title, though. She had laughed every time she’d seen it for the first week at how Erin had flipped just the name. And that gave her an idea.
“Well…I do have one idea, Galina. Remember how Jasi pushed for Lady Macbeth and how you rewrote some of the plays for a female lead?”
