7.38
Page 21
“The point of a bicycle is to be efficient as possible. More wheels means more resistance and a larger…structure.”
“I believe we’re talking about a lightweight vehicle, Master Hedault, Master Pelt. Something designed for speed.”
Palt pulled the presentation back on track. Selys nodded. They had to understand what a bike was first.
“Kevin, let’s put aside how the bicycle functions first. Tell us two things: firstly, how light did you say your ‘bike’ was? And how fast could it go?”
Kevin had to think for a second.
“Well…some can get lighter, but my mountain bike was about thirty pounds.”
“Huh.”
Pelt’s brows rose. He glanced at the bike.
“That’s not steel, then. Hollowed metal?”
“Yep. And if I’m going uphill, it’s obviously slower. Downhill, faster. But I’d say the average speed of a bike is…”
Kevin looked at Erin. She just shrugged; she wasn’t a cyclist. Kevin hedged.
“…Thirty miles per hour.”
“Thirty? That’s about the top speed of a horse. Is that a precise measurement?”
Hedault was incredulous. Kevin grinned.
“Bicycles can go fast. On wheels, you could reach top speeds even higher than that. Especially downhill.”
“Like a wagon. Only, the rider’s the horse? Why would anyone want to do that?”
Pelt wasn’t quite sold. But the Dwarf got the picture when Selys laid it out for him with Palt’s illusions as illustration.
“Master Pelt, you might not want to use one because you can afford to hire a carriage. But imagine a Runner using one of these. Or the average pedestrian. It’s a new, casual mode of transport. It won’t replace the magical carriage. But it’s the ideal thing for shorter travel. Especially down roads.”
“And imagine what you could do with Skills. Kevin’s speeds are based on—prototypes. Without magic.”
Kevin blinked, caught himself, and nodded. Hedault frowned.
“Interesting.”
And it was. Somewhat to Erin’s surprise as she saw the others taking over, she realized that the two craftsmen weren’t impressed by bicycles as a game-changing thing. Because it wasn’t. The reason Erin hadn’t pushed for a bicycle before now was because…it wasn’t necessary.
There were faster vehicles in the world. Magnolia’s carriage, [Riders] with Skills. Flying carpets, teleportation spells. Heck, her door was proof enough there were more efficient ways to do things. Now, a plane might change this world. But a bicycle?
In smaller ways. It was a symbol of industrialization. It was easier to care for than a horse, better in some areas. However, you did need to be sold on it.
And what sold Pelt and Hedault wasn’t the economic viability of the bicycles. It was two things.
“I’m willing to finance this project, Master Hedault, Master Pelt. I’ll pay you for your services, your best rates.”
Selys really hoped it wasn’t going to be that much. But the promise of lucre for their hard work definitely drew Pelt and Hedault’s attention. Even so—what really got them was Kevin’s comment in response to Pelt’s question.
“Why us? You could have hired…Raekea? Yeah, that Gnoll [Smith]. Get her to make you some prototypes. I make works of art.”
“But she can’t do it. She can’t work the right metal. The bicycle has to be a work of art. Each little improvement makes it that much better. We need the best; it’s all about efficiency. The weight of the metal, and enchanting it…”
Hedault and Pelt sat up. Efficiency? They looked at the bicycle. And unintentionally or perhaps intentionally, Kevin had spoken to their skillsets.
It wasn’t about making one. It was about making one go as fast as possible. They were drawn to the challenge of the concept. Kevin nodded.
