7.38
Page 2
“Very well. But perhaps if we lifted the horses with—”
“That’s not the problem, Belgrade. Excuse me—”
Lyonette had just seen her second headache of the day. She waved at a group of [Porters] walking with a wagon up the hill. It was filled with sealed barrels, but the smell was still fishy.
“Hello! Excuse me—this is bound for House Sanito, isn’t it? Preserved fish? Not the front, please! We have an unloading area. Around back.”
A Gnoll leading the group gave Lyonette a blank look.
“House who? We were only told by the warehouse owner, Reira, to deliver this to the inn. And to collect our pay.”
Lyonette groaned. She waved at the Gnoll, pointing.
“Go around back! Some of our workers will unload the wagons. And you’re not being paid by us. Look, I’ll give you a receipt! Reira will get her pay.”
“A receipt? She won’t like that…”
The [Cargomaster] was dubious, but Lyonette convinced him to take his things around back. There, the Gnolls and Drakes met a new addition to the inn’s staff.
“Put everything there. Yes, just in there. The Workers will take it from there.”
The [Porters] eyed the Antinium Workers who were waiting for the barrels. Lyonette had, with permission and some help from Pawn, ‘hired’ eighteen Workers. They weren’t Painted Antinium.
They were Bird’s crew, who had worked on the inn. Now, they were both construction and general labor. They rolled the barrels into the basement, through the loading ramp. Meanwhile, Lyonette took one of the receipts, noted down the details of the cargo—tonnes of fish for House Sanito, dated it, signed it, and gave one copy for the [Cargomaster].
Loading ramps. Receipts. This was the changing inn. And—ironically, it wasn’t all Erin’s fault.
The trade between Liscor and the other nobles houses was. Lyonette gestured at the Workers.
“Move the door over to the basement and we’ll roll a few barrels through and give it time to recharge.”
“Yes, Miss Lyonette.”
The Workers obediently walked into the inn and came out carrying the magic door, much to the annoyance of people wanting to visit Esthelm, or Celum, or…Lyonette went over to reassure them, then communicate with House Sanito.
“Excuse me. We have about two thousand and two hundred pounds of preserved fish. We have your delivery—do you have payment for the food?”
The [Princess] opened the door to House Sanito. The woman standing on the other side gave her an open-mouthed response.
“A-already? But we ordered that just an hour ago!”
Lyonette gave the woman a strange look.
“Yes. It just needed to come up from the warehouses. We can probably give you four hundred pounds’ worth at a time. But I’d like to collect the payment as well, if that’s alright.”
“Um, excuse me, Miss. Dear—”
Belatedly, Lyonette realized she’d been speaking to Lady Edere Sanito. The woman hurried off, very flustered, and Lyonette reflected that they had better move the door; she doubted Lady Sanito wanted barrels of smelly fish rolled through her carpeted hallways.
Oh, so busy. Lyonette got a few barrels through as Lord Sanito hurried out to see the cheap food he’d bought with his own eyes. The rest stayed in the basement until they could be shipped out via door—the inn was part warehouse now, given Erin’s new Skills and the Antinium expanding the already-large area.
