7.38
Page 11
“Yes, but before you start, they’re doing that with a lot of plays already.”
Galina held up a hand. It wasn’t like the Players of Celum weren’t also willing to innovate. Rose grinned.
“But what if we put on a play that catered to a wider base? Listen—”
She walked over to Temile, who turned to her, always willing to listen to Erin or her ‘group’. The [Actor] didn’t know what they shared aside from a place of origin, but he knew that he knew and was fine with that.
Background. Onieva was looking about, waiting for Erin when she saw two [Actors] upon the stage. They were performing the famous and most oft-quoted scene of Shakespeare to the plebeians.
 
“O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
Deny thy father and refuse thy name.
Or if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love
And I’ll no longer be a Capulet.”
 
It was the same lines. The same play. For a moment, you couldn’t even tell what Rose had changed about it. There were two Drakes, not, scandalously, a Drake and a Gnoll, or a Drake and a Human. Especially a male, Human Romeo and a female Drake Juliet, as Erin had learned once.
But then Onieva’s head turned. And something ran through the inn. A few casual watchers looked up. Frowned. Blinked a few times.
It was a mark of how Rose and Galina had entered this world and been sheltered that they thought it was a good idea. And, perhaps, how plays were seen by the [Actors]. It was, in the end, a small change.
However, the Drake Juliet speaking to the Drake Romeo—both of them, in fact, were male.
“What is this, Rose? Galina?”
Temile was staring nervously at the two leads of the play. So were the other [Actors]. Rose was smiling, oblivious to the attention drawing to the stage.
“I told you, Temile, just roll with it!”
“But—”
“We’ll have two male actors. It’ll be a hit, trust me! I haven’t found the GSM crowd yet in Liscor, but I haven’t had the chance yet. We can change the script, like Lady Macbeth. How’s this? We’ll call it: Romeo and Romeo. Or Juliet and Juliet!”
Rose spread out her hands, smiling hugely. Temile looked at her. He stared at the two leads. The pieces fell together.
“You mean…two male leads. Falling in love with each other.”
His voice was a bit too loud. Or perhaps he hadn’t realized that the inn had gone silent. Rose didn’t see the two [Actors] had frozen on stage, in the spotlight of every eye.
“Why not? It’s a true story! It’s—”
“Disgusting!”
Someone shouted the word and Onieva started breathing again. She stared at the stage.
What followed was just ringing in her ears. The Drake [Alchemist] sat there, staring at the two [Actors] who’d hurried off-stage. Rose must have been convincing or they didn’t understand what she was suggesting. And she of course didn’t know.
She was arguing with the Drakes and City Gnolls and Humans who’d stormed to the front of the stage to protest this…this disgusting, deviant display. Onieva didn’t need to hear that. She had heard it a thousand times.
What she saw, in her mind, were the two actors, one professing his love for the other. It was just a play. But Rose had come up with it. And Onieva—
Looked at her.
“It’s fine. You’re being disgusting. Has no one heard of—has no one heard of LGBT+ rights? Gay rights? This is insane. This is—”
Rose looked around. And her outrage faded when she realized rather than a minority confronting a majority, she stood alone. Galina was looking around, wide-eyed.
“We have a word for that. Turnscales. Also—illegal. Miss Solstice will hear of this! Apologize to those [Actors]!”
