7.38
Page 3
It was all money to Lyonette. Money she would reinvest and use in the name of The Wandering Inn. She’d nearly paid off her fine from Zevara with her own income; she could have done it easily with the money from the inn, but that wasn’t hers. This money would make more projects possible. It had already opened doors and curried favor—literally.
“Hey Lyonette, wanna clam?”
Erin offered Lyonette the clams she’d received from another of the noble houses. Lord Toldos of House Everight had some coastal holdings. He’d sent the clams to Erin as thanks for her getting him some much-needed tools, cheap from Esthelm.
House Everight did border the sea, but since his lands were on the eastern side of Izril, it wasn’t part of the Baleros-Chandrar-Terandria circuit that [Merchants] liked to get to. Hither to this point, Lord Toldos had relied on Invrisil for trade.
All this to say that when Selys found Lyonette, chewing on a clam and remarking that it was lacking…everything…in terms of actual seasoning or preparation to Erin, the [Princess] should have jumped at the suggestion that Selys invest in the inn.
“Ooh. You mean it, Selys? I told you I was serious. Lyonette—we could build a park. Or the water slide! Huh? Huh?”
The [Princess] blinked at the Drake [Heiress].
“You want to give money to the inn for a share of the profits?”
“Yeah. Or something. Erin says you could use the gold.”
The Terandrian [Princess] thought about this. She looked at Selys—then she laughed.
“Hah. No. Never.”
Erin and Selys were both surprised. They shouldn’t have been. The Wandering Inn was like a castle to Lyonette; it was certainly built of stone as well as wood and modeled after Terandrian designs. And no self-respecting [Princess] went in for [Merchants] buying shares of their kingdom.
“We can fund everything within reason on the inn’s income alone, Erin. If Selys had ten times as much gold as she does…or a hundred times…we’d talk. Now, if you’ll excuse me—I have to get someone to deliver this gold. Ishkr!”
The [Princess] shouted for Ishkr by reflex. The Gnoll, who was masterminding the kitchen and common room of the inn, looked up.
“I’m busy. Send Welle.”
Lyonette stopped as he gestured to a Drake [Server]. She hesitated, and then nodded.
Everything changed. Ishkr was a [Head Waiter] and Lyonette’s second-in-command since Drassi was now moonlighting as the announcer for Wistram TV. Drassi still did the night-shift as [Bartender], but Ishkr had won the coveted position in the bloodless, not-very-contentious ‘war’ behind the scenes.
Welle went for delivery instead of Ishkr. And Selys realized she was no better than when she’d started. She went looking for more advice in regards to spending her money.
 
—-
 
She’d just reached Liscor to talk with her grandmother, when an unwelcome perspective strode over to her.
“Hey Selys! How’s my favorite girl with scales?”
Hawk appeared next to Selys so fast she didn’t see him. As always, the Courier moved like lightning. The [Heiress] turned her head—and scowled.
“Hawk. I thought you were working!”
“I was. But I had to find you. Someone just got attacked! In the streets! And I knew you were around the inn, so I had to check on the love of my life.”
Hawk gave Selys a deep look of caring. Selys propped her claws on her hips.
“Attacked? By what? A monster?”
“Nope. Some thug. Looked low-level. Just grabbed the poor kid’s moneybag and ran. Gave him a blow; he’s alright. The Watch is already on it.”
Selys peered at the crowd clustered around the Watch officer taking a description from the dazed…
“Oh no. Welle?”
