7.38
Page 28
“He should survive a fall even if he jumped from the 9th Floor. I will need it back.”
The [Enchanter] couldn’t have said why he’d followed Kevin. Perhaps to see his invention used and analyze the efficacy. Or perhaps—the fluid motion of the wheels and the way Kevin had used it had called to him. He…would have liked a turn.
“Guys. This is the most incredible ramp I’ve ever seen. And I have a magical ring. I have to try it.”
If Kevin was worried about anyone, it was accidentally losing control of the skateboard and hitting someone with the flying metal object. So he began shouting.
“Hey! I’m going down! Get out of the way!”
That, of course, attracted attention. People looked up at the obnoxious shouting Human. Erin shouted too—that was when Grimalkin heard him.
“Hey. Is that Kevin? No way. Is that a skateboard? No way.”
Someone muttered. Leon and Troy looked up from where they’d been surreptitiously investigating Pallass with a big bag of coins.
More heads were turning. It wasn’t just Hedault. Or Grimalkin, or the Earthers. Kevin’s steel skateboard shone in the light as he slowly rolled to the edge of the ramp on the 9th floor. People were mostly just curious; some recognized Erin, or just wanted to know what the shouting was about. After all, they’d seen bad wipeouts that carried people down the staircase. One time a Dullahan had dropped his head and it had bounced down six floors.
He’d died.
People had demanded the guardrails that were on the staircases now. But this—this was different.
What was this Human doing? Across Pallass, people were staring. But more than people.
Young Drakes, Gnolls, Garuda, and Dullahans stared up at the Human around their age. It didn’t matter if they were rich, like Lady Salkis, who had demurely paused with her bodyguards, hiding the strange artifact she couldn’t puzzle out.
“What is that Human doing? I’d like to see.”
“Lady Salkis—”
One of her bodyguards wanted to stop the young Drake lady, but she was insistent. And she was just in time to see Kevin take a deep breath.
“Okay. Here I go!”
He pushed forwards, balancing on the skateboard and crouching. The watchers had just a second to realize.
The board was on wheels. And the wheels cleared the edge of the ramp—
“Kevin!”
The young man shot down the ramp. It wasn’t a slow pickup of speed. He went over the side and blazed down the steep incline.
“—ly shiiiiiiiii—”
Erin’s jaw dropped. She turned to Hedault as everyone surged to the edge. The [Enchanter] tapped his wrist twice.
“…Maybe I made the [Grease] enchantment too strong.”
By the time he said that, though, Kevin was three floors down. The only thing stopping him from wiping out was the fact that he was going in a perfect straight line. And wind resistance. But on the 6th floor—as he cleared the flat straightaway, his skateboard’s acceleration carried him over the edge.
“—aaaaaaaaa—”
He touched the ground at the edge of the ramp going down to the 5th Floor and braced just in time. Erin saw him lose speed, but the force of landing made Kevin wobble. He went over the 5th Floor’s ramp and hit the stairs.
“Oh my god!”
The skateboard flipped. Kevin flipped. Erin saw, in slow-motion, the skateboard twirling past Kevin as he tried to grab it in midair. He had time! He could grab it, put it under his legs—
Maybe if he’d had Skills. Kevin missed. He rotated in the air and went head-first towards the ground.
“Kevin!”
“—iiiit—ugph!”
