7.38
Page 23
“You wouldn’t even need mithril, per se. Pure steel might actually work, if Master Pelt can make everything out of that.”
Hedault broke into the talk about metals for the first time. The [Enchanter] had been doing calculations. Now, the others looked at him.
“But steel’s too expensive. And heavy.”
“Especially heavy.”
Kevin put in. Hedault nodded, but absently.
“What I meant was steel of the purity Master Pelt can produce. You see—pure metals can hold enchantments very well. And if you give me a block of pure steel weighing thirty pounds, I can halve the weight with a basic enchantment. With Master Pelt’s quality of steel and more effort? I could reduce it to almost a third of its weight.”
The conference table fell silent. Erin silently ‘oohed’ in the background.
“Master Hedault, maybe we’ve been looking at this the wrong way. If the problem is just making this device light and strong enough, Kevin—what about wood?”
“Wood? I’ve…heard of people making bikes like that. Bamboo. But I don’t know if it’d be strong enough—still, with magic that changes everything.”
The young man ran a hand through his hair. He looked questioningly at Hedault. The [Enchanter] sighed.
“Not all woods work well. Wood is tricky because the grain structure forces the enchantment to be customized.”
“So not practical for making lots of them?”
“Not at all. However, there are a few magical woods…”
Selys was thinking.
“Master Pelt can make all the gears and little things that Kevin needs. Master Hedault, you can make the bicycle strong enough with the right materials. A really, really efficient bicycle might be expensive. But what about…just pure iron made as light as you can and tough as you can?”
“I can do that. Certainly, enchant iron to be as strong as steel.”
Hedault flicked his fingers. Pelt yawned.
“Iron? I’ll bend it into shape if you want.”
“Oh wow. So we could actually do this?”
Erin looked about. The [Innkeeper] saw Kevin scratching at his head. The young man and expert in this room on bicycles raised one hand.
“…Maybe. There’s just one problem. And that’s the wheel.”
Everyone turned back to the image Palt was maintaining. Pelt frowned.
“Looks easy. Metal rim, good, solid metal structure…ah. What’s that stuff on the edge?”
He pointed and Erin’s heart sank. Rubber. Hedault peered at it too.
“I assume that is to grip the ground?”
“Yup. There’s no…”
Kevin looked at Erin. There wasn’t rubber or plastics that either knew about. He hesitated.
“Road bikes could be just metal, or leather or something so long as it grips the ground. But it’s just less efficient.”
“Hm. Spikes? I can do spikes.”
The group began to brainstorm. There were plenty of leathers Selys knew about.
“Why not ask for Wyvern leather or something? Pallass is still selling it cheap and that’s tough stuff. Any other problems, Kevin? What did you say the issue with the um, gears was?”
“It’s got to be smooth. You see, the problem is that you lose energy. Really efficient bicycles don’t weigh much, the gears are smooth—oh, and we need brakes and shock absorbers, although that can come later.”
“Ah. Then I could apply a force multiplier on the…pedals? What is being absorbed?”
Hedault was quite impressed by Kevin’s description of shock absorbers. However, he also considered it an overly-difficult solution to an easy fix with magic. He pointed at the saddle.
“I’ll enchant that with a [Cushion] spell. It will be magically-intensive to create, but that solves your need for these ‘springs’. And if you are worried about falling—a Ring of Feather Impact solves that.”
“Ooh.”
“Would you stop that?”
