7.38
Page 0

In the way of things, Selys Shivertail found she was bored.
Not just ‘bored’, like she got during a slow period working at the Adventurer’s Guild, back in the ‘good old days’ when Liscor didn’t have a single Gold-rank team, much less five. Or the bored you got from being stuck in bed with a fever.
Or even the bored that came from doing something monotonous, like helping your grandmother, Tekshia Shivertail, sort beans by color. All those boredoms were, well, temporary. Not philosophical. But Selys’ new boredom was the worst of all.
It came from having lots of money. And it was a slow, insidious thing.
At first, Selys bought whatever she wanted. Clothing. A new apartment. Little artifacts. Then she realized that the amount of pleasure she derived from buying things was proportional to how much of her money she’d spent.
A handbag or vial of perfume from Baleros she’d saved for had been infinitely more valuable than the same bag she could buy twenty of. Money devalued objects. On the other hand—it was still money. Selys could go to Pallass’ spa, rent a horse, eat well—those were fun things to do.
The problem was that it didn’t feel meaningful. Selys, as a [Heiress], had money. She wanted to do something with said money. She confessed her problems to her friends and found…little sympathy.
“It’s just that I don’t know what to do with all the gold, Erin. I could keep it with the Merchant’s Guild or—invest it. I mean, I’m building an apartment area.”
“Uh huh. So…make two of them?”
Erin gave Selys a blank look as she poked a pot of boiling clams. The shells were mostly clean, but some scum was being boiled off. Erin poked at one, looking as disgusted as the clam was to be in each other’s presence.
“I don’t want to just be a landowner, Erin.”
“Okay. So do something else. I wish I had lots of gold. Can I get a loan?”
“No. Be serious, Erin.”
The Drake watched a clam pop open. Erin was making clams; she’d gotten them imported from the markets. Pallass imported all sorts of things, even seafood. As did Invrisil. But even so…
“Why are you making clams, Erin? They have to be extremely expensive.”
“Nah. They were a gift. Okay, so you have money and you need to spend it. What about…about…investing in a business?”
“You mean, like the Golden Triangle?”
“No…hey, can you pass me that plate?”
Selys did. Erin took the clams out and put them on a plate. She eyed them and then reached for the knife at her waist.
“Okay, the trick is to not cut off the fingers. I thought you went to that bigwig shindig with all the movers and shakers a bit ago?”
Her Drake friend rubbed at one earhole.
“…I have no idea what you just said. If you mean, Sir Relz’ invitation—I didn’t enjoy it. There was an auction, and they all wanted me to, well, back their projects. You know, give money to their projects?”
“Invest. Why didn’t you?”
“Well—it was just I was watching the auction. And there was this potion on sale. And um…I’m not that rich, Erin. That was a lot of money being thrown around.”
The [Heiress] felt awkward admitting that. She had more money than she could have ever dreamed of saving and it was change compared to that auction. Hence her state of having too much and too little.
Erin was—unsympathetic. The [Innkeeper] glanced up.
“Okay, but if you want to make more money, you invest in stuff. Or buy stocks, but we don’t have them. So…ew.”
She stared at the halved clams and the insides. Selys looked dubiously at the clams.
“Liscor doesn’t eat clams, Erin. We do get water, but clams don’t survive the spring and they can’t migrate. You sure these are good to eat?”
