7.38
Page 30
Erin Solstice was a woman of virtues and her own kind of integrity. She could be forced into many situations. But—making someone of her level and talent an enemy was a foolish idea in the extreme. Despite, or rather, because of her background—Pallass, Izril, needed people like her on their side.
No. But Grimalkin wasn’t about to let this drop. He’d had more than enough time to collect all the evidence in the world. Even if nothing was definitive—there was a glut of tertiary information he’d have to be blind to ignore.
The [Sinew Magus] could not, would not just sit on it. He was a [Mage], yes. But also a [Soldier]. He had fought in the Antinium Wars and other conflicts. He had already acted on the information he’d gotten a bare two hours ago.
He wished he’d stayed at The Wandering Inn in hindsight. But then again…Grimalkin turned his head.
“Excuse me. But I believe our tour of Pallass isn’t completed. By all means, let us investigate your friend’s device later. Perhaps tell me about it as we walk. However—we were speaking.”
He addressed a pair of Humans. They looked up at him. Leon and Troy hesitated. Then they recalled that Grimalkin had personally offered them a tour, and the coins they were so eager to spend.
“Whatever you say, Magus Grimalkin.”
They looked giddy. Grimalkin smiled politely. And he glanced back at Erin. Attack her from the front? Ridiculous.
When you fought the enemy, you always went for the weak points. Grimalkin watched Troy and Leon marvel at his city, exclaiming. There were traitors in every war. And this wasn’t even war. You could buy what you wanted. Depending on the person.
“Where were we? Well, your friend is an example of what I’d like to know, gentlemen.”
The [Sinew Magus] strode with Leon and Troy. He watched them, noting how they glanced at each other.
“That’s…tricky.”
“I’m sure it is. However, I do know that you and your…group have come from Magnolia Reinhart’s estates. Which indicates you have told her something.”
The [Sinew Magus] saw Troy gulp. Grimalkin did not need to loom. He just needed to exist. He looked at Leon.
“The Reinharts, as members of the Five Families of Izril, are not always the allies of the Walled Cities of Izril. Quite the opposite.”
Leon wavered as Grimalkin looked at him. The bag of coins was very heavy; Grimalkin had given it to him instead of a bag of holding on purpose. Leon tried to remember if Magnolia had ever given him that much money aside from when he’d first met her.
“Look…we’re just travellers. We’re not taking sides.”
“Of course I understand that. Which is why I’d like to incentivize you. That bag of coins? Consider that a free gift. And of course, Pallass is open to you. Grand Strategist Chaldion can arrange…anything you’d like. Rooms. Company. Artifacts.”
The two looked up at him. Leon looked around surreptitiously.
“What…do you want? There’s some stuff we sh—can’t talk to you about.”
Troy nodded emphatically. The Drake was prepared for that. Grimalkin checked his notes.
“Aside from anything of pertinence? Let us call it a free exchange. Obviously, secret. Especially from Miss Solstice. Nor is this an exclusive arrangement.”
“Really?”
“Of course not. I’m paying you for information. That’s all. I’m particularly interested in your reaction to Master Felkhr. You called him a ‘pioneer’. Let’s begin with that. And of course—you can decline to answer me at any time.”
Leon looked at Troy. He’d never really had a chance. Grimalkin had gone with the straight offer. He would have changed tactics as needed. But he didn’t need to. Slowly, the young man nodded.
