7.38
Page 13
“Um…is that a movement? I mean, I’m all for gay marriage. I think I met someone who was gay once. They said so, which was my big clue. But I don’t keep up on or know about, about…”
The [Innkeeper] waved her hands to indicate everything and anything. Rose hesitated.
“Oh. Well…”
Rose was looking at Erin. Looking around the room, at Galina, who was glancing at her, a few others. And realizing…everything.
She was not the only one. Selys was standing uncomfortably, not exactly nodding to the mutters, but definitely not painting herself as a target. She saw Onieva walk over.
The Drake was wide-eyed. Even quivering a bit. And Selys interpreted it the wrong way. Or the right way? Not as Onieva was actually feeling, anyways.
“Oh. Onieva, are you going?”
Onieva jumped.
“Yes. Yes, I—who’s that Human, Selys? The one with Erin?”
“Rose. Look, Onieva—”
Selys trailed off. What did she say? And before she could come up with something, Onieva was gone. To Pallass. Onieva’s mind was racing.
If you were smart, you picked up on more than just what Rose’s beliefs were.
Back home. And—she spoke so knowledgably. Onieva had to know more.
It could be a trap. It could be dangerous. She’d approach this with all the caution in mind. There had been traps before and she could not get caught. But…
Mirn had to know. They had to know.
Onieva looked back at Rose, just once. The way Rose looked around with horror, as if seeing something clinging to this entire world that terrified her. With fear, too. For herself. And at Erin’s confused face.
It told her a lot.
 
—-
 
Grimalkin of Pallass had notes. He had lots of notes. He also, incidentally, was the [Sinew Magus] of Pallass. He had fought in wars. He had travelled the world.
He took lots of notes because he was a [Magus] and a scholar and he believed in gathering evidence, proving theories. He did not act incautiously.
But he was also a warrior. So he acted.
“Hey Grimalkin. That was something, huh?”
It had taken an hour for Erin to restore order, and she’d kicked out half a dozen people. More had left of their own volition, swearing to boycott the inn. Most didn’t want to talk about it.
Grimalkin did too, but it was a…lesser consideration. He needed to know more.
“It has been an eventful year so far, hasn’t it, Miss Solstice? Will you sit for a moment?”
The Drake pulled out a seat. Erin hesitated. She suspected a trap and she was right. But Grimalkin was an ally, and a friend of sorts.
She sat. And the showdown commenced.
A note-taking Grimalkin appeared in front of Erin. He had a hypothesis. And he used it in one move. The Drake leaned back in his chair, looking pensive.
“You know, as I’ve made so many breakthroughs in my studies, I can’t help but think of the future.”
“The…future?”
Erin blinked. The Drake nodded as he gestured around.
“What might the world look like in a thousand years’ time? Ten thousand? Will there be a world? How might weight training have evolved? Perhaps…agriculture, architecture, magic…one does wonder. But there’s no way to know, after all, is there?”
“Y-yeah.”
Erin tried to dodge the question…and failed. True, it was for reasons perpendicular to the ones Grimalkin suspected. But he saw it.
The Drake’s face was smooth.
“You know, Miss Solstice, that unpleasantness with Miss Rose—”
“She’s from elsewhere. Er—far away. I can’t say where.”
Erin was sweating. She’d walked into a trap! Her eyes darted around, looking for an escape rope. But Grimalkin didn’t press her on the weak point. But that was only to keep her off-guard.
