7.38
Page 19
That made Hedault smile for the first time. From anyone else, a Grasgil ring of that purity would have been perfect, not even worth critiquing. But a master [Smith] had different, higher, correct standards.
“Can I get you anything, Master Hedault?”
Palt spoke behind Hedault. The [Enchanter] looked at the door, decided he had wasted enough time to not just up and leave, and sighed.
“Water with lemon, please. Purified.”
“Anyone want clams?”
Erin offered the bowl around. Hedault and Pelt stared at her. The Dwarf eyed the mollusks, pushed it across the table, and grunted as he poured as much wine into the deep mug as it would allow. Erin’s smile faded as she saw the level of wine in the bottle half itself.
“I’m not made of time, Solstice. You have until this wine runs out. Or do you think I don’t have work? This had better be good.”
“Uh—well, sorry, Pelt—”
The Dwarf didn’t stop talking or give Erin a chance to speak. He gestured to Hedault.
“Both of us have jobs. We came because you insisted, but this is costing us gold. So if I don’t like what I hear in the next five minutes, I’ll ban you from my forge for a month.”
It was a very efficient way of dealing with Erin. Hedault nodded as the [Innkeeper] spluttered and coughed. When she spoke next, her manner was very subdued.
“Okay! Okay! I’m very sorry. But this is actually important! It’s a big project and we need the best [Enchanter] and [Blacksmith].”
The Human man and Dwarf glanced at each other. Kevin was passing around a copy of a diagram he’d been working on. The two leaned over it.
“What in the name of the Grandfather’s beards is this?”
Pelt stared at the piece of paper, then at the strange object lying on a tray. Hedault peered at it too.
It was, in fact, a gear made out of clay. A fixed gear, the spokes clumsily shaped. Erin drew back the sample gear.
“That’s a part we need Pelt to make. See—the thing is, we have a project we want you two to work on. We want to make…a bicycle.”
The two gave her blank looks. Pelt eyed the gear. It reminded him of the ones Pallass’ [Engineers] kept having him make. Kevin enthusiastically waved the diagram of the bike parts around.
“It’s not hard to make, actually. I was trying to break down the components—we could definitely make a skateboard. We just need some good wood and—”
“A what now?”
Hedault was puzzling over the diagram as Kevin tried to explain a skateboard to Pelt. Erin was telling Pelt about how they’d made the gear out of clay since they’d realized they needed a prototype and how easy that was.
Selys Shivertail, sitting in the back, stared at the worst presentation she’d ever seen with horror on her face. The two master artisans were listening with increasing confusion and impatience. Erin did not know how to present. She was operating from the assumption that everyone knew how cool a bicycle was, and Kevin was talking about skateboards.
“So, you can do tricks on it, it’s good exercise—say, how’s Esthelm treating you, Pelt? Anything new happen recently?”
Selys was no expert investor. But she was a [Receptionist]. She looked around, then clapped her claws together as loudly as possible.
“Excuse me!”
Erin and Kevin stopped talking and looked at Selys. The Drake shook her head.
“I’m sorry. But Erin—stop. This isn’t how you present your idea.”
“What? But Selys—”
The [Receptionist] dragged the two Humans to the side and whispered furiously as Palt hurried in with Hedault’s glass of water. Pelt was still eying the mollusks suspiciously; he thought he’d seen one move.
