7.38
Page 5
There was no helping it. The [Guardswoman] stepped backwards, towards the magic door. She opened it, blurted the answer, and slammed the door.
“He already left, Miss Solstice.”
For a minute, Erin just looked at the wood door.
“But he didn’t tell me. He should have…”
Her emotions flickered between shock, hurt, sadness—and then Erin looked at the door. This time Lyonette didn’t try and stop her.
 
—-
 
“You know I’m always happy to take…donations to the Watch, Selys. But frankly, it’s not something you can invest in.”
Zevara played awkwardly with a quill as Selys sat in her office a little bit later. The [Heiress] sniffed. After a second, Zevara offered her handkerchief.
“…Here. Er, Selys, if you need time—”
“I’b fine.”
The Drake was crying. She and Hawk were officially quits. But it had not been an amicable breakup. She’d thought it wouldn’t affect her, but Hawk had said some pointedly—accurate—things. And she’d done likewise and the end result was that the Courier had gone to Pallass to drown his sorrows at Tails and Scales.
And Selys was here. The Drake wiped at her eyes as Zevara coughed and shuffled her papers.
“It’s just so hard. What am I supposed to do, Zevara?”
“…Enjoy your life?”
“Oh, as if I could just do that! I want to have a purpose! I can’t just—just—”
Selys blew her nose, which was really her nostrils. With Zevara’s handkerchief. The Watch Captain opened her mouth and closed it slowly. She decided not to press Selys for an upgrade to the jail, which the Watch needed. Oh, and they wanted to build some actual watch towers outside of Liscor. And there was the enchanted arms budget—Zevara was calling in and buying favors, but…
“Maybe it’s not Liscor, Selys. Pallass has more to…invest in than we do, frankly.”
“But everything in Pallass is taken!”
The younger Drake’s tears were slowing, proof that her breakup hadn’t been the most shattering thing ever. Zevara shrugged.
“Pallass, Esthelm, Celum—Selys, think outside Liscor. I know I’m a traitor to my city for saying that, but frankly—Liscor’s economy was never huge. It was based on our army. Still is. We’re transitioning out of it, but until then—”
She coughed.
“Sorry. Listening to Olesm’s lectures to the Council. They’re working on it.”
Selys was nodding. She stood up.
“Thanks, Zevara. I’ll wash this—”
“Don’t worry. It’s fine. Just—”
The two Drakes were arranging for an after-work dinner together somewhere, maybe with Krshia or Drassi. Zevara had been talked into it and she had to admit it was nicer than her work-eat-sleep schedule that had been her life before this. That was when—it happened.
“Watch Captain! It’s the Solstice-alarm!”
Zevara heard a shout from below. She looked up. So did Selys.
“The Solstice alarm?”
“Where? And how bad?”
Zevara bellowed as she reached for her sword. The voice came, urgently.
“Look out the window.”
Selys and Zevara turned.
In the street outside the Watch House, a young woman stood in the street. A Hobgoblin stood behind her. Already cause for alarm. There was Bird, Palt, looking exasperated—and a crowd. Of course.
Erin had a frying pan. With her other hand she made a fist. She shouted at the barracks.
“Give us back our Relc! Give us back our Relc!”
The crowd murmured. Rumors spread like wildfire. The Watch had kidnapped Relc? No—they’d exiled Relc? Or was he in prison…?
Selys slowly put her face in her claws. Zevara stared out the window at Erin.
“Even when he’s gone, he—Ancestors damn it.”
