7.38
Page 25
“Numbtongue makes me! I made an acid-fly jelly the other day.”
“What does that…do?”
“Um. It kills you if you eat it? But you can serve it on a plate and not damage the plate!”
Everyone in the conference room turned to look at Erin. They resolved never to eat anything remotely resembling jello in the inn. Erin threw up her hands.
“It was an experiment! I had to get rid of it just in case Mrsha ever got snacky. I’m not insane!”
The conference was winding down. Pelt and Hedault had agreed and Selys was arranging down payments on their services. Kevin was grinning at the prospect of working on his dream-bike. That was when he remembered the other idea he’d floated at the start and turned to Pelt.
“Hey. Do you think you could make me a skateboard sometime? I mean, when you have the chance. I just need a few parts. A skateboard is really easy to make compared to a bicycle.”
The Dwarf scratched at his beard.
“What’s that?”
“It’s a piece of wood with four wheels.”
Kevin pulled up a picture on his laptop and Palt copied it. The Dwarf eyed the object.
“…I can make that. Why can’t you?”
The young man from California hesitated and looked at Hedault.
“Well. I wanted a helmet. In case I fell on my head.”
The [Enchanter] raised his eyebrows.
“That can certainly be done. But what about a ring?”
The young man thought about that. And he grinned. Erin peered sideways at the group.
“How hard is it to make a skateboard, Kevin?”
When you really got down to it, it seemed simple. The expert in the room grimaced.
“There are a few parts, Erin. Stuff like ball bearings to make the wheels run smooth. Some parts are easy, like the board itself. If I had plywood and glue, I could make the base really fast. And a vacuum-sealable bag. And…a vacuum. Or a pump…and a place to actually skateboard.”
The little problems. Skateboards were even less useful than bikes because, well, they had been designed with urban roadways in mind. Kevin was describing them to Pelt and Hedault.
“See, the wheels only work on smooth roads. But even Invrisil has, like, cobblestones in too many places.”
The two nodded. Pelt was eying the image of Kevin doing a trick.
“Not sure what those tiny metal balls are for.”
“Ball bearings. You put them in to create a smooth spin to the wheels…”
“Huh. Why would that help? The rest looks easy. Just two support struts.”
“Well, yeah. It’s not rocket sc—er, really hard. It’s just—smooth, remember? It’s gotta be smooth. And if thing don’t work right, it’s just not fun.”
Kevin pretended not to notice Erin and Palt’s covert glares. What a problem. How did you make something as light and sturdy as plywood without…plywood? You had to experiment. And without ball bearings, how did you make the wheels? You had to invent the very simple stuff that went into a modern skateboard.
Or, alternatively—Hedault looked at Kevin. The [Enchanter]’s curiosity was piqued.
“If it’s just something that simple—I could enchant that in less than an hour. Wheels, board. And perhaps the…what is the term for that part?”
“The truck?”
“Yes. That.”
Erin’s eyes lit up. The [Innkeeper] slid forwards.
“Maybe, guys…we should do a proof of concept.”
She threw her arms around Hedault and Kevin’s shoulders since Pelt was too short. The [Enchanter] blinked. Kevin grinned wider. Hedault brushed Erin’s arm off.
“Perhaps. But we must first speak about boundaries, Miss Solstice. Stop. Touching. Me.”
Erin’s smile faltered.
 
—-
 
