7.38
Page 31
“Okay. We could…talk.”
“Excellent. Then, of course, we’ll continue our tour. After that? Drinks. I know an excellent restaurant.”
Not Tails and Scales, obviously. Erin frequented that establishment. Grimalkin had a magical book with one thousand pages, enchanted to look like the slimmest of journals. Standard for Fissival [Mages].
Of course, he’d filled up two with observations on Erin. Notes. Theories. Now, the [Sinew Magus] had a fresh one and a magical quill from Wistram that auto-copied dictation. He did so love proper documentation. And this would not be theories.
He prepared his first manual for submission to Chaldion and made a mental note to ask for one of Pallass’ high-ranking officers. Female, with charm Skills unless they were like Rose. Another question to ask. But first things first. He underlined the first heading.
Flight.
“Now. Tell me…everything.”
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Perhaps it’s not exactly the slice-of-life you imagined. Perhaps it’s more than you dreamed. Or maybe it’s just weird.
But here we are again. I changed up my lineup to write this chapter. Was that a good idea? Sometimes it’s okay to be spontaneous. And it’s a shorter chapter!
Well, under 20,000 words, which is rare! Hope it was worth it for you. An interesting note…of all the things I planned, besides Grimalkin, bicycles, and so on…Kevin’s scene going down the ramps was something I had in my notes since last year, I think.
I think you can even see it when Erin focuses on the ramps going down from Pallass. Anyways, that’s the writer’s side of things. Hope you enjoyed the reader’s side! Things are happening. And sometimes it does feel like plots drag on. Then again…Grimalkin’s note-taking has evolved.
Changes by the chapter. Let me know what you think and thanks for reading! Today’s artists are Brack, with new art including posh-Mrsha, Tomeo with some amazingly wonderful art including the ritual with Miss Califor, and cmarguel, who’s done a post-fight Erin!
 
https://ko-fi.com/brack
 
Erin by cmarguel!

 
Posh-Mrsha and more by Brack!
                                                                                                                        
 
Califor’s Ritual and more of Tomeo’s art!

                                                                          
 

