7.38
Page 17
“I’d love to make one, actually. That, and a skateboard. Too bad there’s no waves or we could surf too. The trouble is getting the steel right. And parts. And money, obviously. And no rubber.”
There was…a certain logic to things. It wasn’t all coincidence, or Erin. She had just observed that sometimes the world fit together just right.
“Yeah. Chains are tough. You don’t want them breaking. And a bike has to be light. Really good steel.”
“Or enchanted.”
Palt observed, slowly lighting up a joint. Erin blinked.
“Well, obviously. But you’d need a master [Blacksmith], which I obviously didn’t know last year. And a good [Mage]. Or even [Enchanter].”
“And you’d have to pay them.”
The Centaur and [Innkeeper] looked at Selys. The Drake felt her heart fluttering, but she scratched at her chin calmly.
“Lots of money. Especially if you wanted to make more. I assume bicycles are popular?”
“Well, of course. You’d need to know how they were made to make them good and stuff.”
All three turned to Kevin. He looked around, raising his brows. The young man ran a hand through his hair and grinned.
“…And where would we get all of that in one place?”
Three smiles answered him. And the world, always changing…changed further.
 
—-
 
Much had been said of Hedault, the [Enchanter] of Invrisil. The best the City of Adventurers had to offer, and that was saying a lot.
Other [Enchanters] had tried to establish themselves as the best of Invrisil. Most had moved away, or been…eliminated from the competition.
Not that Hedault himself had anything to do with that. Not at all. The truth was that if you weren’t exceedingly careful, you ended up touching the Sword of Cursed Locations and ended up buried two thousand feet down and uncovered ten years later by some very unhappy [Miners].
Stuff like that was what Hedault’s type of [Enchanter] had to face. To be precise—analysis and alteration.
Enchanting was actually made up of different divisions and specialties. Not that anyone outside of his field really cared. For instance, you had creation-specialists like Archmage Nailihuaile, experts in their own designs. Whereas Hedault was good at figuring out what an enchantment did, and repairing the spell or altering it.
He was precise, careful, and pedantic to a fault. Even Magnolia Reinhart arranged meetings in advance. Hedault did not like…chaos.
Ergo, he did not like the Horns of Hammerad or The Wandering Inn. If he would admit they had grown on him—it was more like moss grew on a moist surface.
Still. The [Enchanter] had arrived precisely forty minutes after receiving the politely-worded request via Montressa du Valeross because he sensed opportunity. He paused outside the door to Erin’s inn on Invrisil’s side and cast three spells.
“[Impact Shield]. [Second Skin: Film Weave]. [Invisibility].”
Then he stepped into The Wandering Inn. Hedault looked around, assessing the situation. If there was any…chaos…he was prepared to leave unless said disturbance was counterbalanced by, say, Grand Mage Eldavin.
He had made a mistake, however. As the [Enchanter] walked through the door to the common room, several people noticed him.
Palt. The Gentlemen Callers, who were considering how all this paid sitting-about was going to their waistlines. Erin Solstice, who looked around with a deep frown. Maviola El.
