7.38
Page 6
She strode from her office before Erin could set fire to half the city. Some idiots had actually picked up her chant. Then—the Watch Captain hurried back into her office for a moment. Selys saw her go to a little ringed calendar. The hand-written note on top said—
‘Days Since Crazy Human Incident: 8.’
Zevara gloomily reset it to zero. Then she stalked out of the office again. But the funny thing was that things changed even here. Selys watched as Erin Solstice waved her fist and shouted. Zevara appeared in the street, flanked by a few [Guards]—but far too few for the crowd. She pointed as Erin ran towards her.
“[Freeze, Criminal].”
Erin fell flat on her face as her body locked up. Zevara looked happier than Selys had seen her all week. The former [Receptionist] decided to take her advice and visit another city.
 
—-
 
Well, where to? Really, there was only one option. Celum was a wreck. Esthelm was still a tiny mining town. And Invrisil had Magnolia Reinhart, who was not inclined to like Erin Solstice or her friends at the moment. Selys didn’t know these other noble’s lands and she didn’t really want to deal with them.
“So, your logic is that because you don’t want to invest in a city literally rebuilding itself, or one of the most populated Human cities in all of Izril, or explore new areas, you came to Pallass.”
“Don’t say it like that. I’m not good at business! I was a [Receptionist]!”
“Ineptitude must be contagious. You know, Erin asked me how to make clam-based dishes via [Message] spell?”
Lasica shook her head.
“Just ask someone or buy a cookbook. What am I, her personal teacher?”
Even so, she’d come to The Wandering Inn, or rather, Selys had met her in the street. Now the [Chef] gave Selys a long look, not missing the telltale signs of crying.
“And I suppose you’re the reason there’s now a drunk Rabbit Beastman in our bar at midday?”
“Um…”
Selys flushed. Lasica shook her head.
“Just don’t go to the bar, alright? By all means, ask if anyone wants you to invest. Hah, good luck though. You do realize that if you’ve heard of a good idea, someone’s already invested in it? That’s why you find new things.”
“But this is the City of Invention. New things…”
“Our [Engineers], [Alchemists], and [Blacksmiths] are loyal to Pallass and their investors, Selys. I have to go. I want some of those fresh clams.”
Lasica left and Selys sighed. It was true. New things could be like…Octavia’s shop. But guess who had Octavia acting as her [Alchemist]? Erin. In a way, Erin had already invested in the good things.
She had a Hobgoblin who mined precious stones for fun, a Stitch-girl [Alchemist] who made medicine and matches…Antinium builders and Wistram [Mages]! Erin had a lot of talent at her disposal.
Selys just had money.
“Maybe I’ll just buy slaves or something.”
The Drake muttered. That was a joke Erin would not have appreciated. Selys had never actually seen slaves. They were obviously banned in Liscor…Selys assumed. She wasn’t sure about other cities.
She walked along, wondering if that [Sharpener] that Erin had mentioned—Lorent?—wanted to upgrade his business. How did you do anything? Give them money and get like, ten percent of their earnings? That was all long-term stuff. No, you wanted someone to have something you could sell now.
If she had lots of money, she’d literally hire an adventuring team to hunt down the other parts of the Heartflame set. Which she was sort of doing. Or maybe finance a [Merchant] to buy and sell goods?
None of that really appealed to her. Who would you trust, anyways? Trust was what mattered.
