7.38
Page 20
“What’s the problem, Selys? I was working on Pelt. Let him have a few drinks. He likes me.”
“Well, Master Hedault doesn’t.”
Selys pointed to Erin. The [Innkeeper] peered at Hedault’s vexed expression. In another man, he would have been shouting.
“Uh oh.”
The Drake sighed. Erin was better at Pelt than Hedault. It was a personality thing. She took over.
“Erin. Pelt might be a friend, but Master Hedault isn’t. And they’re both busy. This is a big project. Have you never worked with—listen. You’re going to explain what a bicycle is, from the start, as fast as you can. You have five minutes, maximum. Think of it like that. And you want them to like your idea.”
The young woman blinked. Then her eyes lit up.
“Oh! Like those TV shows! But I’m no good at those kinds of presentations…Kevin?”
He hesitated. He hadn’t exactly majored in business either. Selys looked around. But…there was a better diplomat waiting in the wings. Or hooves, as the case might be.
Palt, the Centaur, glanced up from where he was trying to soothe Hedault and keep him from leaving. The Centaur looked at Selys, at the confused Humans. He gave the Drake a nod and they walked to the front of the room.
The first thing Palt did was dim the lights in the room. In this case, the lantern’s lights went lower. Next, he cast a simple spell.
A miniature grassy meadow appeared. It hovered in the air, like a hologram to the Humans. Pelt and Hedault looked at the illusion and saw, rolling onto it, a bicycle.
Palt didn’t know exactly how they worked. However—he didn’t need to.
“Hey, Kevin. Where’s the picture of the bicycle-thingy? Make this thing work.”
Selys shook the laptop at Kevin. He took it hurriedly.
He had pictures. On his computer. Palt spoke as he copied laptop screen—something else Erin had yet to explain to Selys’ satisfaction. Palt and Hedault frowned as Palt blocked the screen and showed them the illusion…of the screen…which was the same thing.
“This is a bicycle, gentlemen.”
“Hey.”
The Dwarf smith grunted. The Centaur bowed.
“Excuse me. Dwarf and gentleman. It’s a personal vehicle designed to replace…horses. And running, to a large extent. With it, the average person can move about faster than even your average Runner with Skills. And aside from the cost of construction and occasional maintenance—it runs on no magic.”
The [Enchanter] and [Blacksmith] sat up. Pelt eyed the illusion, then adjusted it based on the laptop Erin and Kevin covertly showed him. Erin pointed before Palt or Hedault could see the electronic.
“See this? It can be done!”
Palt had replicated what he saw on screen exactly. There  was Kevin, posing for a picture with a mountain bike on some rock and a scenic view. Pelt and Hedault glanced at Kevin. He gave them two thumbs-up.
“Looks like you already have one of these things.”
“Nope. Um. It’s from home, and Kevin was trying them out. Palt is copying an image we have…uh…of the bike.”
Erin lied quickly. Pelt frowned at her, and then at the image. Hedault peered at the bicycle.
“Interesting structure. But I understand the basic idea. How does one…balance with two wheels?”
“Yeah. You’re going to just fall over.”
Selys and Pelt both looked to Kevin; they agreed. He grinned.
“Not at all. It’s actually easy. See, you don’t just stand there. You’re always moving, and so long as you are, there’s no need to worry. See how the front section there—has a hinge?”
“Ah. A turning mechanism. Why not three wheels, though? Or four?”
More like a coach, then. Kevin shook his head.
