7.38
Page 12
The Drake who was so offended was actually offended on behalf of Temile’s Drake [Actors]. She was pointing as Rose confronted her.
“Apologize for what? I didn’t assume anything! That was four lines! It’s a play. You know—what’s Turnscale? Does it mean gay? You know, it’s okay for a man to love a man. Or a woman to love a woman! Or both! Back home—”
That was as far as Rose got. The Drake woman listening recoiled. Then her eyes narrowed. She raised a fist and struck Rose. The young woman hadn’t been expecting that and stumbled backwards with a shriek. She would have been struck again, by the Drake woman or someone else.
Onieva knew this. And she had a cup in her claws. And in her claws—it was a deadly weapon. Grimalkin was watching, half-risen, unsure. The inn’s staff was pushing forwards. But Onieva would have protected Rose and damn the consequences. She was poised to take out the entire crowd.
Then—Erin stomped her foot.
“Hey!”
The shout knocked the crowd flat. Literally. Onieva almost saw the aura flash across the inn. Maviola’s training hadn’t been for nothing. Erin Solstice strode forwards.
“Who’s attacking Rose? I’ll attack you! I’m in the mood to punch someone and it’s not me!”
She was angry. The [Innkeeper] was furious. She also had two tissues stuffed up her nose from where she’d gotten a nosebleed when Zevara had used her Skill on her. The bleeding had stopped with a healing potion, but Erin was still peeved.
“Erin! Oh my god—”
Rose fled behind her, face white. The crowd began babbling, pointing at the stage, furious—Erin shouted.
“Shut uuuuuuuuuuuuuup!”
And there was silence. Well, a few kept talking.
“—most disgusting display I’ve ever seen. I was defending—”
Erin strode over to the Drake woman. This time she took a page out of Bird’s book. She opened her mouth, inhaled, and screamed.
“Aaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaah! Shut up! Shut up!”
The Drake woman—shut up. Erin looked around, ready to scream everyone else’s ears off. She looked at Rose.
“Okay. What is this about? It’s just a play! What made you all so mad?”
“She was making the [Actors] act like Turnscales!”
A voice bellowed, despite Erin’s aura weighing everyone down. Erin’s brow furrowed.
“Like what?”
“Like…it was two men, playing Romeo and Juliet, Erin. They’re mad because—oh god.”
Rose stared around the room, afraid. Erin gave her a puzzled look.
“So what? Oh. Oh.”
Her eyes widened and she lowered her voice.
“You mean they were gay?”
The young woman nodded slowly. And now she was watching Erin’s face. Onieva was listening, invisible in the crowd.
“Erin, these people don’t know about homosexuality at all. I mean—they do, but they don’t. They’re intolerant!”
A rumble ran through the room. Erin lifted a hand. She tugged Rose out of the crowd, and the two’s voices continued, as Lyonette began to disperse the crowd with help. But a few people were listening, including an [Alchemist] who had potions to enhance hearing.
“Oh. I get it. They don’t like…well, that’s wrong. Everyone deserves equal rights, right?”
“Yes!”
Rose almost fainted with relief. She clutched at Erin’s arm.
“No one knows about LGBTQ rights. That’s why I haven’t met anyone! This entire world is—is in the dark ages!”
Erin was nodding, but her brow furrowed.
“Wait, what’s that last bit? LGBTQ…? What’s the Q?”
“Queer? Like…GSM? DSG?”
Rose gave Erin a look. She was naming acronyms. Erin gave her a very blank stare.
“What’s that?”
“Gender Sexual Minorities?”
