7.38
Page 24
Selys whispered at Erin. Even Palt was in on this.
“If you want a light on this, there are spells. Master Hedault, all you’d need is a good crystal, even quartz and a directed [Light Beam] spell.”
“That’s a combat spell. [Light] will do, with a few enhancement spells.”
“What about spikes? I could put some chariot war scythes on the sides if you really wanted this thing to fight for you.”
The Dwarf was imagining where to mount them. Yup, some nice, spinning blades and you’d just ride past the enemy…Kevin hesitated.
“Maybe let’s not do that, dude. But hey—how light could we make this bicycle? I mean, obviously the iron ones can be lightweight. But if we really went at it?”
Pelt looked at Hedault. The [Enchanter] smiled.
“Mister Kevin. One of the final tests of a true [Enchanter] in most Terandrian academies is to enchant a small block of mithril. The metal is already feather-light. So the [Enchanter] must, with [Featherweight] and other buoyancy spells, enchant the block until he is able to keep it aloft by his breath alone.”
“Whoa. Dude. Hear me out, then. What if you had a bike that light, and then the person on it was so lightweight with like, an amulet or something they went off a jump…”
Kevin was imagining the greatest stunts either world had ever seen. Erin was rubbing her hands together. Selys was worried they were taking this too far.
“Remember, everyone. We’re trying to mass-produce these bicycles. Not make one really expensive one.”
Palt, Pelt, Hedault, and Kevin all gave her a betrayed look. Palt cleared his throat.
“We can always make a prototype that showcases all the abilities of a bicycle. No doubt there will be higher-end models. Er—Kevin. How would you make one for me?”
Kevin and Erin stopped. They looked at Palt. Centaur hooves, his entire body…Palt’s face fell. Erin solemnly put a hand on his shoulder. She had to stand on her tip-toes to do so.
“I’m sorry, pal.”
The Centaur sighed and put a cigar in his mouth. Erin didn’t have the heart to stop him. Hedault did.
Erin smiled hugely as she walked around the edge of the huddle.
“So—do you think we can get a bike tonight? I’d love to ride one!”
The others looked at her strangely. Pelt grunted.
“Tonight? Are you mad? I can’t make one tonight! You’re lucky if we can get a prototype with all those fiddly gears by the end of the week, and that’s if I can trust my apprentices with the work!”
“The end of the week?”
Erin was appalled. Hedault cleared his throat.
“Enchanting each piece and ascertaining how to streamline the process will also take time, Miss Solstice. I will move your work up in the queue since it isn’t as arduous as some of my tasks, but it will take time.”
That was disappointing. Erin had made the Toren-sled in an hour, after all! And she was used to setting up and implementing her big plans over a day. Even the Players of Celum hadn’t been, like, well, making something.
“I can totally work with them, Erin. Leave it to me.”
Kevin didn’t seem to mind the time it would take. Erin looked at Selys, but she was asking Pelt and Hedault for quotes on their prices and wincing. Palt trotted over to her.
“I think it will be quick, Erin. But you do have to wait for innovation.”
“That’s probably why I don’t innovate. Food is fast. Actually—magic food is hard. Maybe I’ll go make some.”
Erin realized she should probably do more cook-experimentation or Numbtongue would yell at her. She saw Selys digging in her bag of holding for gold which she thrust at Pelt.
“Are you still experimenting?”
“…Yes?”
The Centaur gave Erin a look. She held up her hands.
