7.38
Page 8
“You have too much money and that’s your problem? Give it to me and I’ll make that go away. It’s great that’s your one problem in the entire world.”
“I didn’t mean it like that. I know other people have bigger problems. But this one is mine. If you’re going to be a Lizard, leave me alone.”
Selys swatted at Onieva, but the Drake leaned out of the way nimbly. She was quick on her feet!
“Poor you. But fine. I guess it beats my problem.”
“Oh? What was that? Something about places?”
Onieva hesitated and waved it off.
“That—that was for Mirn. You know how it is.”
“He didn’t seem to like me.”
Selys glared in the way Mirn had gone. Rude Drake. No wonder Onieva liked him. The [Layabout] looked amused.
“Mirn just didn’t think he had anything in common with you. And he’s almost always right. Mirn gravitates towards people he needs to protect.”
“And I’m not one of them? Well, thanks for that.”
Selys felt at her high-power wand. Onieva laughed, but nodded along.
“If he’s rude to you, that’s Mirn.”
“Don’t you mean, ‘sorry, that’s just Mirn’?”
“Nope. That’s Mirn. It’s not my problem. Anyways—he actually runs a bar.”
“Really? Him?”
Then again, Selys had met some rude bartenders and she could just imagine Mirn operating one with [Toughs] and so on in the crowd. She scowled and kicked along the ground. And Onieva…
 
—-
 
Looked at Selys. Unlike Mirn, Onieva wasn’t only interested in people she needed to protect. And unlike Mirn, she did feel for Selys. The Drake was clearly unused to the things that Saliss had lived through. Sudden fame, wealth, power…
But more than that, Onieva was curious about Selys. For two reasons. The first was that she and Mirn had been looking for a safe place to establish his bar.
A literal safe place where some [Guard] wouldn’t kick down the door, arrest anyone they caught, and have everyone inside exiled or put to death. That was hard.
The riots had put the Watch on full-alert and they tended to go after the criminals and deviants when they were mad. One got lumped with the other, to mutual disgust, generally. Which made finding a good spot harder and harder.
They couldn’t use Saliss’ laboratory. Safety and all that. And neither could they go outside the city. It had to be convenient, easy…
Strange. Onieva tilted her head left and right, chasing a thought. It had always been too bad that Rufelt and Lasica weren’t at home with their people, or so Onieva had believed. She hadn’t decided to risk it. But it occurred to her there was another fortress of a building she had never considered.
“…But that damned checkpoint. Still—safety in numbers.”
“What was that?”
Selys looked up. Onieva grinned at her. And she decided Selys was a good test. She’d have to—well, Erin was another and more important. But Selys interested her for another reason.
A personal one. So Onieva glanced at Selys and coughed.
“Nothing. Say, you are Selys Shivertail, right? How well did you know your…I want to say, uncle? Zel Shivertail? I actually met him a few times.”
Onieva saw Selys freeze. The Drake looked up, and Onieva felt guilty because Selys’ expression had gone bleak for a moment.
“You did? I mean, I know Uncle—General Shivertail—visited Pallass a lot. He used to tell me stories of all the Walled Cities.”
The female Drake laughed at Selys.
“Yes, he visited. And of course I met him. I’m Saliss of Light—”
She froze. What a slip!
“—’s cousin! I badgered him all the time to introduce me. I talked with Zel. He was a good person. Actually—Mirn met him too.”
“No.”
“Yup. They got along.”
“No.”
