7.38
Page 18
And every Gnoll in the inn, of course. Most just sniffed the air as Hedault passed by or noticed the movement of air on their fur. And this was because the [Enchanter] wasn’t an expert in subterfuge. He made it halfway across the inn as Erin nudged Palt and whispered to him. He was looking for—
Wham. A little Gnoll charged into the barrier around Hedault and recoiled. Mrsha flopped backwards, dazed, and Hedault whirled around.
“Mrsha! What happened?”
Lyonette exclaimed. Mrsha had gone running at something and collided with the air. Hedault reappeared, looking peeved. Mrsha promptly sat up, shook her head a few times, and then tackled his legs.
“Gnoll child, desist. Do not touch me.”
The [Enchanter] tried to shove Mrsha off his legs. The Gnoll girl, in the way children had of sensing when they weren’t wanted, tried to steal his wand. She slid off the [Second Skin] spell like Hedault had a layer of glass on him.
That only made him more fun. Lyonette grabbed Mrsha mid-leap.
“I am so sorry, Master Hedault. Mrsha, stop that!”
The Gnoll girl stared at Hedault’s side and the wand. The [Enchanter] straightened his clothing, tapping his wrist twice with his fingers.
“I believe I am done here. Once again, this inn—”
“Hedault! Buddy! Sorry about that. Thanks for coming!”
Too late. Erin Solstice appeared with a huge smile. She grabbed Hedault’s arm. He immediately tried to pull away.
“Let go of me, please.”
“Whoops, sorry. Let’s go over there! Pelt’s just about to arrive.”
“I believe my patience is at its end—”
“Don’t be like that. I have snacks! Want some clams?”
“Clams?”
This was why Hedault hated the inn. It was a fascinating puzzle of possible enchantments, the garden, as well as the door being objects of interest. The [Enchanter] liked all that. He just disliked the spontaneous chaos of it all.
He was considering permanently blacklisting the inn, despite the fortuitous events that sometimes occurred within. And that was a serious threat because Hedault hadn’t told anyone he was considering it.
He found himself in one of the private dining rooms. There, waiting for him, was Kevin.
“Hey. You’re the [Enchanter]-guy, right? Nice to meet you. I’m Kevin.”
The [Enchanter] looked at Kevin, holding out a hand and trying to look professional, and the bowl of clams and fries. Were those…appetizers? He pinched the bridge of his nose.
At least she’d kept to her appointment this time.
 
—-
 
Pelt stomped into the inn six minutes late. He ignored everyone, including Erin as she bustled over to him.
“Hey, Pelt! So glad you could make it. Hedault was trying to get out and—”
“Shut up.”
The Dwarf walked around the bar and pulled out a bottle of wine. Light drinking. He took the bottle and a mug with him. Erin faltered.
“Er…help yourself. Right this way.”
She led him to the private room. Hedault was impatiently tapping at his wrist and ignoring the clams.
“Here’s Pelt! Sorry for the delay, guys. Selys, Palt! It’s time!”
The Dwarf found himself sitting next to Hedault, in a presentation-style meeting as Kevin and Erin set up on one side of the room. Palt and Selys stood at the back.
“Hedault, right?”
The Dwarf looked at the [Enchanter]. Hedault nodded slowly.
“Master Pelt. You have my compliments on the Grasgil ring you sent me. I was indeed able to enchant it and the impurity was almost imperceptible.”
Pelt’s expression was sour.
“Damn dust. I would have trashed the entire ring but my apprentices can’t get me enough raw Grasgil. It’s a disgrace.”
