7.38
Page 7
“Maybe Numbtongue wants to be financed to mine for treasure?”
Selys made a fist and smacked it into her palm. That was an idea! The Hobgoblin might actually go for that. Not that gemstones were as valuable as Selys would want given Salazsar…
She sighed. Selys was about to go for a dip into the spa—Pallass’ spas, now, those were amazing. They had magically infused waters, personal masseuses, experts at scale, fur, or feather or armor care who could tend to you.
“Maybe I’ll make a spa on my land. Beat out the public bathhouses…”
Dreamily, the Drake imagined that. But only in that way you had of daydreaming, not connecting it with the actual money she had that could make the project happen. She wasn’t super passionate about that anyways…
It was as Selys was walking through Pallass when she heard a familiar voice. Not Magus Grimalkin, as it turned out, who was heading towards the inn but casually ignored Selys since she wasn’t germane to his plans. Or Jelaqua or Maughin, who were on a date, but also avoided Selys on the basis that she was connected to Erin and they just wanted a quiet time to themselves.
No—this voice was female, brisk, familiar. Selys’ head turned.
“They are cracking down, Mirn. I don’t know who put an ember under Chaldion’s tail—I don’t think it’s him. It’s just after the riots…”
A Drake was stalking through the crowd with her friend. She stood out with rose and cobalt scales—bright, vibrant. Her companion looked much rougher. He had a scar across his mouth, and he looked like, well, a criminal.
But Onieva seemed exactly as Selys remembered her, out of place among the rich elites of Pallass. Now—the Drake was clearly in a bad mood. Onieva’s tail was clearing a path as she walked through the crowd with how much it was lashing. Drakes were like that. Selys hesitated—and then raised her claw and called out.
“Onieva! Hey, Onieva!”
The two Drakes started. The effect on Mirn was immediate. He whirled around and confronted Selys as she strode over.
“Hey. I don’t know what you want with Onieva, but get lost, Miss. She’s busy.”
“I just—”
“Selys?”
Onieva blinked as she recognized the [Heiress]. She pulled back Mirn, who was poised to chase Selys off.
“Hold on, Mirn. Selys is…an acquaintance.”
“Oh. You sure, Onieva?”
Mirn looked Selys up and down. His eyes, far from friendly, focused on Selys and then something else. Not past her, precisely. He gave Onieva a look.
“Well, she’s all yours. Nothing to do with me either way. Take her or leave her, Onieva. But don’t bring her with you when you find me. I have to…find somewhere.”
With that he stalked off. Selys stared at Onieva’s rude friend, wondering what that was all about. Onieva shouted after Mirn.
“Stay classy, Mirn!”
“Shove it up your tailhole, Onieva!”
The Drake shouted back. A number of people glared after Mirn. Onieva, used to the phenomenon, beckoned Selys over.
“Off to another fancy party?”
She gave Selys a smile that instantly managed to be needling. The [Heiress] glowered.
“Hardly. You were right. I don’t care for parties. Or…that kind of society. I don’t fit in.”
“You looked like you were doing okay. But fine.”
Onieva raised her claws as Selys glared. The Drake woman grinned.
“—What’s up? It’s rare you caught me; I’m usually inside.”
“You don’t go out much?”
“Eh, I’m not a society person. I’m just the black sheep of the family. The [Layabout]. That’s even my class. But as long as Saliss and Chaldion pay for me…”
She winked. Selys grinned.
“I wish I had that problem. Actually…”
It didn’t take her long to explain her woes to Onieva, who promptly laughed at her.
