7.38
Page 27
Look at it. Of course, only the patrons of The Wandering Inn saw Kevin first enter through the door to Esthelm and shoot down the floor. Mrsha went insane, chasing after the coolest thing ever as Kevin shot around tables and chairs and wiped out because he was going way faster than he imagined. But Hedault’s ring cushioned the impact.
“Dude.”
“Kevin, are you insane? Is that a metal skateboard?”
Joseph, wide-eyed, stared at the board. He immediately wanted a try. So did Rose. Galina just stared at the death of ankles everywhere and climbed onto her chair before Kevin could run into her.
“It’s just a trial for something else. Look at this! Whoops—it’s dangerous!”
Kevin tried to do a ‘walk the dog’ simple trick and hit Joseph in the leg. The [Kicker] howled in pain. A steel skateboard was still made of steel, even if it was lighter.
“Palt. What is that?”
Montressa looked at the Centaur. She knew.
“Something that might be completely useless. But it’s a prototype. I’ll share the details with you later.”
The Centaur was grinning like a madman. So was Kevin. Mrsha was begging for a turn along with half the young males in the room and some of the females.
So incautious. Erin hadn’t thought about what bringing this into existence meant. Which was why Ryoka often got peeved at her. She didn’t understand the levels of what it changed.
The skateboard? Perhaps on its own it wasn’t that revealing. It wouldn’t change the way wars were fought.
Ball bearings, though? Pelt had remained in his forge to puzzle that one out. He’d just given the skateboard a normal axis to spin on, but he was experimenting with the idea of using the tiny metal orbs like Kevin had described.
That was the unintentional little jump forwards hundreds of years. And that was just in the inception of the skateboard.
There was a logic to it. Selys saw Kevin shooting down the inn as guests cleared the way. The young man was over the moon.
“I wish I had a bigger place! And a ramp! Hey, can we get one built? If only Liscor didn’t have paving stones.”
He groused even as he gave Joseph a turn. Leon and Troy weren’t there, or they would have demanded the same. But then Selys observed something.
“You know, Pallass has really smooth walkways. No paving stones, just smooth. And there’s those giant ramps…”
Kevin looked up. He hadn’t been to Pallass. Erin’s eyes widened.
“Whoa. But Selys—I don’t think you quite know how skateboards work. Um—Kevin, they’re massive ramps.”
“Like, how big?”
He looked eagerly at Erin. The [Innkeeper] hesitated. And she was a bit too slow to stop it.
That was how he saw her. The muscular Drake turned his head as he stood on the 3rd Floor. He looked up and saw something else from her time. A crystallization of technology, brought with absurd ease to life. Because Erin Solstice had known it existed.
“Ooh.”
The young woman stared down one of the four great staircases of Pallass. As she had observed the very first time she’d come to Pallass, the staircases went up the entire Walled City on both sides. Thus, the ramps stretched down nearly three hundred feet. They separated both sides, flattening out on each floor for a bit before curving down.
“Kevin, don’t be stupid. You’ll die.”
Joseph cautioned his friend. Kevin was holding the skateboard on the 9th Floor, looking down. He was already getting looks. Not many people used the center ramps. Well—some of Pallass’ Street Runners did, especially the fearless Garuda who literally jumped off each floor to make deliveries.
“I’ve got a magical ring, guys. Right, Hedault?”
