7.38
Page 9
Selys frowned, disbelieving. And it was true, Mirn hadn’t met Zel Shivertail, but the Drake who had taken over the underground meeting place before him had. She was fairly certain Selys wasn’t using lie-detection Skills or magic. The story was true enough anyways.
If only you knew. 
Onieva wanted to reintroduce Mirn and remind him this was Shivertail’s niece. Well, that might be a disaster of another kind. But yes—Zel Shivertail had known more of the Walled Cities than most Drakes. Including their community. It was one of the reasons why they shunned him.
But now, here was the question. How much had he told his niece? Zel had even mentioned to Onieva that his only good relatives lived in Liscor. So…Onieva pressed Selys.
“He was a good Drake. I was devastated to hear his passing.”
“Yes. I mean, thank you. I—the Heartflame Breastplate came from him. I didn’t expect that. But I always liked it when he was able to visit.”
Selys was far away. Onieva hated to do it. But—Ancestors take it.
“Still. He wasn’t perfect. He had his flaws.”
She saw Selys’ shoulders hunch. Onieva’s eyes locked on Selys, her tail, her face, the way she stood…
Oh yes. You knew.
Zel Shivertail’s secret had been the most open secret of any Drake in Izril. In high society, they’d known. Only the Tidebreaker could be tolerated. How could his family have not known?
What mattered was how Selys reacted. The Drake inhaled and kept her face calm.
 
—-
 
What did Onieva mean? No—she had to mean something else. Selys chose her words carefully. She remembered digging up Sserys’ grave in the darkness, the urn…
No, that was something she would never talk about. Never think about, really. She had fulfilled her beloved Uncle’s wishes. Selys nodded, but stiffly. She looked at Onieva, and felt a flash of irritation enter her voice.
“He wasn’t perfect. But he was still General Shivertail. The Tidebreaker.”
“Of course. I didn’t mean to say—”
“That’s all there was to it, right? No need to talk about his flaws.”
“But he was more than a [General].”
Selys felt her insides twist. She glared.
“Maybe he was. But I knew him. How well did you know him?”
Onieva hesitated, and then lifted her claw.
“Never mind.”
What did that mean? Selys calmed down. Onieva frowned. The word hung between them, unspoken, though neither knew the other was thinking it.
Turnscale.
If only you could be sure. But Onieva had not lived this long by taking risks. The two walked on, and conversation resumed stiffly, and then with natural grace.
Onieva followed Selys to The Wandering Inn.
 
—-
 
Erin was still being lectured by the time the two Drakes walked in. Onieva sized up the inn and looked around.
“Oh, but it would be perfect.”
“Erin’s not looking for a [Bartender]. Well, she might be with Drassi gone, but I doubt your friend Mirn could take Drassi’s place.”
“I’ll let him apply. He’s a one-Drake show, anyways. Hm.”
Private rooms. Basement…Onieva frowned as she heard scraping sounds. She left Selys to remember, belatedly, that she’d been going looking for investments, not walking about with Onieva! As the Drake groaned and headed over to Numbtongue—who wasn’t interested in her offer, and Mrsha the Adventurous, who was—Onieva peeked downstairs.
“Ancestors damn it!”
The Workers looked up at the barrels of fish that were being rolled through the door. Onieva snapped her claws and closed the door.
“Well, I can always get a deeper basement. Or—”
It wasn’t about space. They could settle in a place twice as large as a bedroom. They had before. It was safety.
