7.39 A
Page 37
That, and what Anand had seen. He had told the other Free Antinium what he could, but words did not do it justice. Perhaps it was well then that Klbkch visited them once again; none of the Antinium could sleep.
This time, the Slayer said nothing as he sat there. Something had bothered him greatly after his meeting with the Armored Queen. Of course, Anand had seen the Steelclads. He was trying to factor how to use giants into his battle strategy without losing them. The idea excited him.
But Klbkch did not want to discuss the Armored Queen’s project. Instead, he just sat there. When he did speak, it was a surprise to all.
“Anand. I…have not understood the…competency you have displayed. It seems I have forgotten how the other Hive’s Prognugators function.”
“Revalantor Klbkch?”
The Centenium looked at Anand.
“I see now the perspective Xrn brought to the Free Antinium. It seems I was in error. Your—qualities are exemplary among the Hives we have visited. That is a fact. So…”
He hesitated. Anand and the other Free Antinium waited, not breathing or moving. Klbkch closed his mandibles.
“Well done.”
Anand exhaled. He felt lightheaded.
“Could you…repeat that, Revalantor Klbkch?”
“What? It is an acknowledgement of success, Anand. Nothing more. I realize it is just words—”
“It is not.”
The force of the reply stopped Klbkch. Anand was quivering.
“It is as good as Miss Erin Solstice saying it. No. Better.”
The Centenium’s antennae twitched. He stared at Anand.
“You believe that to be the case?”
“Yes.”
Anand had waited so long to hear those words, and it had been worth it. Klbkch hesitated.
“In that case—well done, Anand. Twice. You have done excellent work and I have not appreciated that until now. I will attempt to do so…”
He saw Anand quivering. Klbkch had no idea those words mattered so much to the [Strategist]. And—as important as Erin? That felt…good.
Very good. So Klbkch sat there. And after a while, he looked up and said one word.
“Galuc.”
The other Antinium looked at him, even the over-the-moon Anand. Klbkch looked past them. Then he stood up. After today—he had to say it. After seeing what the Armored Queen had wrought.
They were all going to die. But they should know, even if it was pointless, who he had been. If Klbkch died—they should remember. He had to jump to slash the wall with his sword. The other Antinium craned out of their cubbies to see the mark.
“He stood this tall. This wide. You are made in his image. But you do not know him. What you must know first is that Galuc laughed. Of all the Centenium, he possessed the quality of humor. Of…he was like Erin Solstice’s best qualities. But better. Less random. He was…”
 
—-
 
They asked him questions that night. Klbkch answered them for a long time. Galuc had been one of many, and there were legends untold about him. Like the time he had tunneled into a nest of Crelers and torn them to pieces before help could arrive. Klbkch had forgotten so much—until he told the stories.
The next day, they breakfasted on proper food. The Free Antinium were running low on their supplies. So Anand persuaded Ulssb to let them at the raw materials before it was pounded into the nutritious paste. He obtained some slightly rotten goat—much to Goat’s horror—and fried it over a fire with the last of the cheese.
“You can cook?”
Klbkch stared at the toasted cheese-on-meat that Anand offered him. The [Strategist] shrugged.
“Garry taught me how to not burn meat when I do not want to. It is not cooking.”
