7.39 A
Page 34
She had captured him. The Armored Queen’s memory was perfect. And yet—she had changed Galuc from the being Klbkch had known in small ways. He was huge, imposing—if you didn’t know him. A terror to his enemies, but he hadn’t fought like the other Centenium meant for that role, like Klbkch and Wrymvr.
The way Galuc stood was so protective, even among the other Centenium. The Armored Queen must have known him thusly, that great champion who had constructed the fortress-Hives of Antinium of old.
Strange. In his view, Klbkch felt Galuc was…off. Perhaps because there was no smile on his face, just stolid, unmoving watchfulness. Gentleness, even. But Galuc had known humor. He stood also, with armor on his body. Antinium war-armor, removable chitin-metal with a name never pronounced by the common tongue.
Galuc seldom wore that. But he had when he died. The Armored Queen must have remembered him thusly, diving into the oceans to tear the Kraken’s tentacle off.
“Galuc. My great friend.”
Klbkch whispered. The statue did not answer him. The Armored Queen bowed her head.
“I did not mean to show you this poor place, Klbkchhezeim.”
“Poor place?”
The Centenium started. He looked up at the Armored Queen. She misunderstood and tried to explain.
“It is my way of remembering them. It…helped me pass the years. A small thing. I am not finished. I apologize, Slayer.”
“Do not apologize. I wish I had…”
Klbkch trailed off. He shook his head. Galuc. Memory paled before even the statue. Klbkch stepped forwards and hesitated. He did not touch the statue. Slowly, Klbkch turned away. And he saw the others.
“The Centenium. I did not know them all. Some are made only of shared memories. Stories. But this one—”
“Rehab.”
Klbkch recognized the Antinium at once. No two Centenium were the same. Some had the same image, or base. But the First Queen had made them all differently.
This Antinium—or rather, his true form, not the one lost at sea, like Klbkch’s had been—was that of an armored creature. Close to a scorpion in form; the stinger elongated. Klbkch saw that the Armored Queen hadn’t been able to fully sculpt it, nor would she have seen him fighting. He could launch a projectile at his foes or fight in close quarters.
He had lost his form and been more inhibited by the Antinium bodies they had given him than any other. But he had fought and died in the First Antinium war three times. At the last—
Slowly, losing track of the Armored Queen’s voice, Anand’s, Klbkch walked down the long hallway. And he saw his companions of old. His…friends.
There was Mellika, the only other female Centenium who had survived to Izril. Dead. Zel Shivertail had killed her at the last. And there was Devrkr the Glowing. He had brought terror to the armies of Drakes and Gnolls with his ability to conjure acid rain and mists that corroded all but the most powerful armors.
They were all there. Face after face. Klbkch walked among them.
“Each one died. You did not know them, little Worker. But they were our heroes. Our champions, made by the First Queen. None have been surpassed because she put everything into them. Prognugators were made of but thousands of lives. Each Centenium was made of millions. Countless minds and techniques, turned into one being.”
The Armored Queen spoke softly to Anand as the [Strategist] watched. Klbkch stopped in front of one statue and looked up.
The figure was closer to Xrn. But he had six arms. Klbkch saw the instrument in his hands.
“Not all are dead. Some may live. Here stands our memory, who stayed behind. He might be alive. Mirrex.”
