7.39 A
Page 28
Anand was panting after a strenuous run to test the limits of his stamina. Zai looked confused as she oversaw the Workers painfully writing down their notes on large sheets that the Silent Queen could read.
“Er…does your Hive have any enemies? Any long-reaching goals?”
“The Queen decides. Be silent. Measurements of hearing are taking place.”
Anand sighed, which interrupted a test. He was beginning to feel very out of place. And worse—once more he was unable to speak with the Silent Queen. Not that he’d expected it, but…well…he didn’t know what he was supposed to do? Walk around and be measured and observed?
The big shock came after another hour. Zai checked the meticulous notes that had been taken, determined that all the tests had been conducted on every Antinium, and communed with her Queen. Then she turned to Anand.
“Revalantor Klbkch will speak with the Queen for the rest of the day. You will leave.”
“What?”
Anand was surprised. And hurt! Zai gave him an impassive look; the shadowy hive of Silent Antinium moved quietly around her.
“Data is obtained. Revalantor Klbkch will discuss results. You are not needed. Return to Grand Hive.”
“But—but—”
Zai raised a scythe-arm. Anand tensed, but she was listening to her Queen.
“New orders. Go to Armored Antinium for inspection.”
“But I have not demonstrated my Skills?”
“Unneeded. Skills were listed and noted.”
Anand felt annoyed. He wasn’t sure about the rules of hospitality, but Erin had never treated him like this. He raised a finger, pointed it at Zai.
“This is how I feel.”
She stared at the digit.
“Meaning unclear.”
“I think it’s an insult.”
Anand stared at his middle finger. Zai ran her scythe-claws together.
“Understood. Go.”
She made them leave. Anand wasn’t about to cause an Erin-fuss, so the Painted Antinium marched out of the Silent Antinium’s Hive, towards the next Hive.
Without Klbkch. Anand had known, of course, that Klbkch was important. But he hadn’t realized how…little the other Queens valued the Painted Antinium. With some curiosity, as the Silent Queens’ tests had proven, but still. He almost felt hurt.
 
—-
 
Klbkch found the Silent Queen more than accommodating. And at first—he truly enjoyed the helpfulness of Zai.
Now, here was a proper Antinium Prognugator. She did not ask questions. Or object. She had been ordered to assist Klbkch, and she was only too willing to demonstrate the Silent Queen’s adaptations to her Soldiers.
“11% increase in hardness. 16% in durability without more than increase of weight by…”
She recited a long string of decimals for weight-per-area. Klbkch nodded, as the Soldier demonstrated his increased lacerating capabilities of his knuckles by punching a dead pig’s carcass.
Ironically, the Hives had gone into more than just agriculture. Despite the terrible weather, they tried to cultivate some plant life on the surface—mainly to lure in animals which they added to their food supply. Or for tests like this.
“The armor design is more important to me than the changes to the Soldier’s fists, Zai. I am impressed by the Silent Antinium’s modifications.”
“The Silent Queen will be pleased.”
Zai nodded. Klbkch studied her.
“Your Infiltrators are also exceptionally different to the Free Antinium’s Soldiers. Do you believe a mixed force of Infiltrators and the Silent Antinium’s Soldiers would be able to deal with Drake or Human cavalry? What tactics would you employ?”
The Silent Prognugator hesitated. She raised one scythe-arm.
“I will consult with the Silent Queen.”
“…You do not have any thoughts of your own?”
“The Silent Queen is more proficient than I.”
