7.39 A
Page 22
To his relief, this wasn’t a dire question among the Prognugators. They were…Individuals. Of a kind. They replied stiffly, unused to excessive communication.
“I am Klberein.”
“I am Krrechzzeim.”
“I am Kiskel.”
Anand noticed a pattern after the 8th Prognugator with a ‘K’ in the name. He stopped in front of ‘Beklr’, who was more interesting because of the name.
“Do you…socialize? Communicate with other Antinium?”
“We do not on any general basis. We guard the Grand Queen. Other Prognugators visit the Grand Hive on occasion. Communication is only needed then.”
Weird. Anand realized that the Free Antinium were very different from the other Hives. Even before Erin Solstice—they had been in Liscor, and a Worker would still have to talk to citizens—even if it was to tell them something was under construction, or so on and so forth. The Sword Prognugators stared at Anand. Eventually, one spoke.
“Is Worker Antinium Anand capable of combat? Specify combat abilities or significance.”
Anand looked at the Sword Prognugator, Kiskel.
“I am a [Strategist]. I lead Antinium into battle or direct them as need be.”
The Sword Prognugators looked at each other.
“Is Anand a Prognugator?”
“No.”
“But Anand leads Antinium?”
“Yes, that is what I said.”
The other Antinium were silent for a long, long time. Then, one of the Sword Prognugators looked at Anand.
“…How?”
 
—-
 
She led him with her mind out of the chambers. Down, through a tunnel almost abandoned. No Antinium save a few Workers performing maintenance were here. There was no need.
“What…is this?”
My project, Klbkchhezeim.
Her mental voice was stronger now. Klbkch saw the glowing sigil written on the door. It had no handle; it was meant to be pushed inwards. He did so now. And he saw more magical runes, written by the Antinium’s only spellcaster.
It covered the entire room. No—Klbkch looked down and saw…a silo.
Yes. A silo. He had seen such buildings before. And the Antinium had similar styles of storage. This was…a storage structure. Rounded, with multiple entrances that what was stored within could be swiftly removed if need be. But it was full, at the moment.
With food. In this case—the mossy growths that Antinium liked to cultivate underground that were so nutritiously efficient. Klbkch also saw edible mushrooms. And mixed in with the other plant matter—meat.
“…Is that a dead cow?”
Klbkch stared at the freshly dead animal, just lying amid the other produce. It wasn’t rotting, nor had any pests been allowed to eat the animal. This room hummed with magic discouraging such things.
“My Queen. What is this?”
Storage. Supplies for the last war Izril will know.
The Grand Queen’s mental tone was pleased at Klbkch’s shock. The Antinium looked down.
“How deep does this storage facility reach?”
She showed him, with her mind. Klbkch’s antennae went still.
“…The Grand Hive could not consume that much nutrition in a year. My Queen, what is the point of this?”
The point, Klbkchhezeim, is to provide for a vast army. The Hives as they are maintaining their numbers because we cannot feed more Antinium with the land we control. But for nearly a decade, Xrn labored in my Hive. Her magic created more of these storage areas.
“More?”
Many more. See—Klbkch. I have had them created. Killing the underground monsters, creating these areas—it has taken time. But when war begins, each of the Hives will use their Birthers to create Antinium without limit. These ‘silos’ as you term them, will allow the Antinium to sustain an army twenty three times larger than our forces at the peak of the first war. For three months.
