7.39 A
Page 17
One of the Prognugators, the Worker-type which Klbkch had dueled was next. It attacked Klbkch with all four blades, lashing out at him in a furious attack as the Slayer paused to give him a target. Klbkch held his ground, deflecting the blades and knocking the other Prognugator back as it tried to close. Five seconds, nine seconds…
After twenty seconds. The Sword Prognugator stopped. It looked at Klbkch, then stopped moving. Klbkch slowly raised his sword and laid the edge at the Prognugator’s neck.
The Sword Prognugator didn’t move. The Antinium just waited. Anand peeked around. He knew what that meant. The warrior had—in the way of Antinium—concluded that there was absolutely no way it would hurt Klbkch. So it had given up.
Klbkch looked around. The other Prognugators had backed up, waiting for him to come to them. He raised the sword and looked around.
“Grand Queen. I believe that concludes the…exhibition.”
“How—has the Free Queen made so many advances? How? I was not told of this! This—this is unacceptable!”
The Grand Queen’s voice had a shrill note in it. Klbkch regarded her, and then bowed.
“My Queen. The difference in my abilities is not due to the Free Queen’s alterations to my form. I have simply gained a Skill.”
“O-oh.”
Klbkch looked around. The other Queens watched him. Each one now—captivated. Where once they had been simply admiring, or, in the Twisted Queen’s case, clearly disinterested in the proceedings.
But he saw it now. So did Anand. The Silent Queen’s admiration, even adulation. The Armored Queen bowed.
“The Armored Hive would be honored by your presence, Klbkchhezeim.”
“We as well. The Free Hive demonstrates its worth.”
“Klbkchhezeim.”
The Centenium looked at the Twisted Queen. She looked at him, missing one of the mandibles on her face. And…part of her body. She sat in the shadows, twitching. She said only this:
“Wrymvr is. Waiting for you.”
Klbkch thought about that. And then he nodded.
“We shall see, my Queen.”
 
—-
 
A lot could change in a moment. Klbkch understood that more than anyone. And—in the time that passed after his display of his new Skill, the Grand Queen’s demeanor went through a radical shift.
“Klbkchhezeim. Let us speak candidly. In…private. We value your guidance above all.”
The Grand Queen had looked at Anand before ordering all of the Antinium out of her throne chamber.
She was still paranoid. Still—Klbkch had left because he disagreed with her. As had the Free Queen. That memory was faded, though. And while she had not inspired him upon his return, he realized something.
He had inspired her. The Grand Queen looked down at Klbkch and the Centenium saw the same flicker in her posture and mind.
Hope. The last six Queens of Izril were True Antinium as well. Even they needed hope.
“Klbkchhezeim. Words fail to express my feelings. I have heard of…miracles. Only in the spoken language can I articulate what I see. A miracle. How have you recovered your strength?”
In private, the Grand Queen’s manner of speech changed. She bent down, to inspect him more fully. She was a giant, larger than even War Queens. Klbkch looked up at her and recalled the first experiments where the Queens had laid eggs with their bodies—a backwards concept that Antinium had done away with long ago. That was how desperate they had been and the effects were permanent; the Grand Queen moved slowly, her body too large for what it had been made for.
He bowed to her.
“My Queen. My new Skill was anything but a miracle. It was born of desperation. Of…failure. With my Skill, I may battle as I once did, at my greatest. For minutes.”
