7.39 A
Page 24
It was a silly thing. But their cubicles, despite being nice—just weren’t the same as their sleeping spots back in the Free Hive. They’d grown used to sleeping outside. But this was their first time sleeping in a Hive that was not their own.
The Antinium couldn’t get to sleep because of the subtle differences. It…reminded them of home. Anand explained as best he could.
“I find myself recalling the Free Hive, Revalantor Klbkch. We are sorry. We will try to sleep properly.”
They were…homesick? Klbkch twitched. He opened his mandibles and the Free Antinium flinched. They waited for him to say something or grow angry.
—After a moment, Klbkch closed his mandibles. He looked around, realized chairs didn’t exist in the Hivelands, and sat down on the ground.
“I see. I had…not realized that different Hives would be odd to you.”
Anand stared at Klbkch. The Revalantor sat there. Klbkch was annoyed—but he remembered Xrn’s threat. He shook his head.
“You are not…no. Anand. In the past, Antinium did not live in one Hive. They travelled where needed. One Hive was like others. The idea that Antinium live in one place so long without travelling is—strange. Even in Rhir, they moved around more.”
Really? The Free Antinium stirred. They had not known that. Klbkch nodded absently. He looked past them.
He was old. Incomprehensible at times. That was why Anand liked Klbkch so much. The [Strategist] hesitated. But this was the most talkative Klbkch had been the entire march here. He couldn’t turn this opportunity down.
“…What was it like, Revalantor Klbkch?”
The Slayer looked at him.
“What like?”
“The other Hives? Will you tell us?”
Klbkch opened and closed his mandibles. He looked around. The Free Antinium, Painted and non-Painted, looked at him.
“Tell you? What purpose would that serve?”
He had never talked about the past to anyone but the Free Queen. Anand shrugged, helplessly, innocently. He didn’t have a good answer.
“We would like to know. I would.”
The other Antinium nodded. Klbkch, surprised, stared around at them. But then—he felt a compulsion, brought on by meeting the Grand Queen. They really didn’t know. He sat there for a moment, thinking.
“…Our Hives of old were not like this. In structure—perhaps. But not in substance. This kind of Hive is—weak.”
“Weak?”
“Be quiet, Anand. I am recollecting.”
One of the Soldiers reached left across the narrow separating area between him and Anand’s cubicle and poked the [Strategist]. Anand guiltily shut up.
“Yes. Weak. A Hive like this is too vulnerable to seismic shifts, tunneling…stone and dirt is weak. It is also not made for retaining heat, as an Incubation Hive might be. Or preventing the flow of air, contaminated liquids—those were Shaper Hives, whose experiments and substances could poison the earth.”
He looked up at the dirt cubicles.
“…In one of the Hives near the front, a War Hive, the walls would be a…a type of chitin. There are no words for the substances we used. A shell. White, pearlescent. Workers and Soldiers would sit in cubicles like the ones you do. That is not different. But the walls would be reinforced. Even Crelers would not be able to assail the Hive so easily.”
Anand…thought he saw something. The dim, almost dark room, but pale white walls, so secure, and the Antinium, sleeping snugly. It came from Klbkch, a flicker—just for a moment.
