7.39 A
Page 32
“I must see them. Will you take me, Ulssb?”
The Armored Prognugator hesitated. Anand pleaded with him, cajoling.
“It will not be long! And the Armored Queen may be busy for hours, will she not?”
Ulssb hesitated.
“If your Revalantor would give the order—”
“He would! Absolutely!”
Anand had carried the lying thing, or interpreting orders, a bit too far, and he knew that. But he persuaded Ulssb to lead just him to the library. The Armored Antinium did so, still chewing on the bread. With jam.
The library of the Armored Antinium was not as large as a modern library. Erin Solstice would have expected a normal library, a small public one for instance, to have at least 10,000 books. But that was her world.
The Armored Queen had four hundred and eighty three books. And that was a massive collection. Of course, they weren’t all the same subject; she had simply bought, collected, or taken any book she could find.
So she had everything from derring-do novels of adventurers to children’s books, a rare commodity, to manuals, including the ones about steel. Anand was agog.
“Books! Books! Books!”
He ran in a circle, throwing his arms up as Ulssb stared at him. Anand paused.
“I am showing my delight.”
“Ah. Continue.”
“May I read a few?”
Again, Ulssb hesitated, but this time out of disbelief.
“You wish to read books willingly?”
“Why would you not?”
Anand was astonished. Books were amazing! He would have expected the Prognugators to love the books! Then Ulssb showed him the manual he read all the time.
A Compendium of Smithing Techniques of the Ages, by Celde Brightmetal, Dullahan, [Blacksmith].
It was the most dull and technical manual Anand had ever seen. Brilliantly useful of course, with illustrations and depictions of a lot of smithing techniques the Dullahan had observed. Not the really cool ones, like Naq-Alrama steel; this covered tin, iron, steel, and the basic metals.
But dead gods, was it boring. Anand was interested only for the knowledge it held. He shook his head as Ulssb helpfully pointed out useful bits of information.
“The depictions of metal heat by color are inaccurate for Antinium since we see in a different spectrum than Dullahans. That is important information.”
“Don’t you…read other books?”
“We were never ordered to.”
The Armored Antinium shook his head. Anand’s antennae drooped.
“You have missed so much. There are far more interesting books! See? This is ‘The Hungry Little Wyvern’. I know this book!”
Excitedly, he grabbed it and opened it for Ulssb. The two read it eagerly, staring at the bright illustrations.
“This is a good book!”
Ulssb was blown away. Anand handed it to him.
“You see? You should experiment and read other books. I myself have read over twenty books. That is a lot, by the way. But this library is amazing!”
He spread his arms to take it all in. Then, Anand had another thought.
“You know, I’m even something of a [Writer]. Belgrade, Pawn, Yellow Splatters, and I all collaborated on a book.”
“You wrote a book?”
“I did. It is about mating rituals among different species. It is very informative. I think Goat has the copy. Why don’t you go back? I wish to remain here and see what books there are.”
The other Armored Antinium wavered, but the call of books was too strong. The newly-created bookworm hurried off.
“Books, books, wonderful books…”
And then Anand was alone. Singing, he investigated the shelves, finding interesting titles and checking them out. He wondered if he could borrow a few? Or at least read them and bring them back. He was a [Reader]. Level 4, and had a few nice Skills…
