7.39 A
Page 8
Two decades ago, that had been the case. But the Second Antinium War had broken out and the Antinium had been held back, despite deploying more of their specialized Antinium to the battlefields.
True, there had been a Goblin King and [Necromancer] mucking about. But it had not been their finest hour.
 
Their finest hour had been long ago, underground, in the heart of Rhir. Their darkest hour, too. 
 
The Antinium of Izril had struck the continent like lightning. But they had maintained the battle lines since then. Something had happened.
The Hives had grown stagnant. They had become complacent. The Queens had turned to infighting. Some had given up on returning to Rhir.
 
They had forgotten how to create Queens. These were the first, the last, the only.
 
But to live, the Antinium had needed to change. That was why he had left, along with the dissenter. They had lived in exile, and he himself had despaired that they could bring about the miracle they so needed.
He had died before that dream had come to fruition. But as luck had it—death to the Antinium was something they had managed to cure under the right circumstances. Not for all. But he had come back and found his dream realized—even if it hadn’t taken the shape he’d imagined. But it was done.
Now, he was going home. And home—he had thought long and hard about the weakness in his people. It was the same as in him.
They had lost too much. But as Klbkchhezeim finally left the darkness of the tunnel and marched upwards into the light, he felt something else in his soul, the very core of his being.
Hope. He stood in a place he had not walked for over a decade. The lands to the southwest of Liscor, which had once been Drake territory. The high hills and plateaus, forever changed to be dry, arid, after countless weather spells. A dead land at first sight.
The home of the Antinium of Izril. The base of five Antinium Hives. The Revalantor of the Free Antinium, the Centenium, Senior Guardsman Klbkch, Klbkch the Slayer, strode onto the dry ground.
“Revalantor Klbkch, Revalantor Klbkch! Please wait for your escort!”
A voice from behind him, anxious. Klbkch turned his head and saw other Antinium. Anand and an escort of Antinium, both Painted Antinium and regular Soldiers and Workers, numbering just two hundred strong. The Revalantor suppressed a flash of annoyance.
“Anand. There is no need for an escort for me.”
“But Revalantor Klbkch—I was given to understand that counterattacks do occur, even in the Hivelands.”
“The what?”
Anand had dirt on his chitin from marching underground through the tunnel to the Hives for so long. And excavating parts of the tunnel that had been collapsed.
The Walled Cities had not been happy to learn about the tunnel. Multiple times, Klbkch had sensed the tremors and ordered the Antinium to band together. Once, they’d even been buried and had to dig their way out.
[Geomancers]. Collapsing the tunnel only for Antinium to dig it open again. That was the kind of stalemate that Klbkch remembered.
Raids now…Klbkch hesitated as Anand explained.
“Pivr told me before we left, Revalantor. The Hivelands is this area, and Drake forces will attack the Hives.”
“They…do?”
They hadn’t used to do that. This area had terrified the Drakes and Gnolls beyond belief. Much had changed.
Klbkch looked around, and then leapt upwards. He landed on a large rocky outcropping as Anand exclaimed.
“Revalantor Klbkch!”
“Be silent, Anand. And use my name only.”
“May I?”
