7.39 A
Page 10
“They are not moving. With permission, Revalantor Klbkch, I will have the Workers pretend to excavate something as the ruse. When you begin combat, I will use my Skills to aid your attack and have the Workers with bows provide covering arrows.”
Klbkch hesitated. That was all…sound.
“Can you reach the adventurers from here?”
“Yes. I can grant [Long Range Shot] to the archers for four minutes.”
“Do it, then, if I engage. Now—”
The Antinium looked around from his perch on the rock. The Drakes ducked back, but he saw the glint of light on scales.
Idiots. They’d dirtied their armor, but kept their scales clean. Klbkch wanted to know what they were doing here. Hopefully, he’d be able to subdue them without killing. A death would cause irreparable tension between—
Klbkch had just picked out a route that gave him cover around some rocks in the dry terrain when he heard a sound. It sounded like distant thunder.
“Hold.”
He held up a hand and turned his head. Thunder? Rainstorms and flash floods happened, if infrequently, in the Hivelands often thanks to the weather spells during the war.
But this was no thunderstorm. Klbkch heard a rhythmic quality to it. It sounded like…
Wing beats. Anand turned his head rapidly.
“What is that? That can’t be—”
In the distance, the Drake adventurers looked up. They pointed at something and screamed.
“Ancestors! Run for it!”
Klbkch’s head swiveled. And he saw them, then, coming over the cliffs. Thousands, tens of thousands of winged forms. They leapt over the cliff, gliding, green membrane wings allowing them to dive towards the adventurers.
Flying Antinium. A countless horde of them. Klbkch, Anand, and the Free Antinium stared as the enraged Soldier-type Antinium descended on the adventurers.
They were panicking. One of them shouted, and Klbkch was able to filter the voice out despite the drumming wings.
“—we’re made! We’re dead! Use the scroll! Use the—”
They blinked out of existence, all six of them, before the winged Antinium reached them. Klbkch heard a shriek of fury run through the swarm.
But they kept going. The Flying Antinium couldn’t really fly. But they landed, and powerful hindquarters carried them into the air. They leapt across the landscape, turning, gliding. Towards the Free Antinium’s party.
“Brace. Form a defensive wall there—”
Anand’s urgent voice made Klbkch tear his attention away from the hypnotizing sight. The Centenium looked at Anand. The [Strategist] was panicking in the face of the army.
“Anand. What are you doing?”
“We may be under attack, Revalantor Klbkch! Why would an army be in the open?”
Anand pointed at the Flying Antinium. The Centenium looked at Anand’s worried, waving antennae and at the swarm of Flying Antinium. And then he understood.
Klbkchhezeim smiled. He opened his mandibles and raised them.
“Anand. Desist. You are misinformed. This group is not here to attack us. Or to merely chase off the adventurers. They are here to welcome us.”
“But—”
The [Strategist] faltered. And Anand realized the fallacy in what he’d been about to say. The same thing Klbkch had realized after a moment.
Out in the open? Wouldn’t that make the other species nervous?
And it would have, in Liscor. Even three hundred Soldiers was the most the Free Hive was supposed to have. But here—
The first Flying Antinium landed on the ground and rocks around the Free Antinium. The land bound Antinium stared at their strange cousins. The Flying Antinium regarded them, then they leapt. The others, thousands, glided around the small group. They clicked.
