7.39 A
Page 18
“I see. But that is—Klbkchhezeim of the Centenium’s power. With it, we have three of the Centenium’s strength once more. Truly. This is glad tidings.”
She sighed then. Klbkch looked up at the Grand Queen.
“You have changed, my Queen.”
“I know. If you would chastise me for my change—blame Drakes. This land has taught me of intrigue. Of failure and yes—politics. But Klbkchhezeim. You may unite us once again.”
He doubted that. Xrn had told him to leave because he could not lead the Painted Antinium. Because he was incapable of tolerating that they were Individual and yet—different still. Klbkch looked up at the Grand Queen.
“I am not Xrn. My nature is closer to Wrymvr’s, as you well know, Grand Queen.”
She nodded.
“This too, I know. But listen to me and understand, Klbkch.”
Now—in privacy, with the mirrors of the other Queens removed, the Grand Queen spoke.
“I am Grand Queen of the Antinium of Izril. But my role has been unlike any other Grand Queen before me. The other Hives are fractured. The Queens…do not obey.”
Klbkch glanced towards where the mirrors had hung. He clacked his mandibles open and closed a few times, so surprised was he.
“…That does not make sense. You are the Grand Queen. They obey. Did I not see the supplies and Antinium sent to the Grand Hive?”
The Grand Queen made a dismissive gesture. And her mind, now open to Klbkch, showed him a flash of insight. Emotion. Frustration-exhaustion-regrets.
She was telling the truth. Or the truth as she knew it.
“You see it. But each Queen pursues their own goals. Some are more loyal than others. I am aware of the Armored Queen’s works, and sanction them. But the other Queens reserve their own council. Klbkchhezeim. I fear we are splintering. Like the primordial Antinium of old.”
Before the First Queen, before even him—there had been Antinium. Each to their Hives, each obeying only one Queen. They had fought between themselves, like Drakes did, before the First Queen had unified them.
The thought that they had regressed so far was unnerving to Klbkch’s sensibilities. He looked at the Grand Queen.
“It has not gone so far.”
She clicked her mandibles and made a fluttering, laughing sound. Like insects chirping. Klbkch had forgotten that sound, until Xrn had come.
“You say so? The other Queens obey—for now. Even the Free Queen has sent you, Klbkchhezeim. Despite her long absence. But the Twisted Queen sends no envoys. She keeps her own council. And she wages war against the Walled Cities against my will.”
“No.”
She waved an impatient palp even as her mind projected the undeniable truth into Klbkch’s mind. He had forgotten that as well; the True Antinium could not, did not lie to each other.
“Did you not see the adventurer team, Klbkchhezeim? The Walled Cities counter-raid our lands. Their [Mages] cast spells to shake the land, cave in tunnels, call floods—they have always done this, but it has increased since the Pallass incident. And they have been moved to it because of the Twisted Queen’s raids.”
“Explain them.”
“I will show you.”
The Grand Queen reached out. Klbkch saw—remembered—
A babble of voices. The Grand Queen’s body. Painful, her voice, irritation, trying to explain to the angry Drakes about villages destroyed. Deny? Yes, deny parasites attacking some cities. The Twisted Queen, silent in her refusal to speak. Frustration, frustration—
Klbkch lifted a hand.
“My Queen. Enough.”
The influx of memories and feeling stopped. The Grand Queen’s antennae stopped waving.
“You see?”
“I do. That is troubling. Disobedience in the Hives cannot be…”
