7.39 A
Page 19
He hesitated. The Free Queen was, even now, experimenting with the possibility of creating new Queens. He had countenanced that. The Grand Queen looked at him. And he realized she was reading him.
“Yes, Klbkchhezeim. I do not lead the Antinium, but keep each Hive from warring with the other. The Twisted Queen is independent; the Flying Queen bickers with the other Queens. We are limited in space. Conflicts…over resources have occurred more than once. I keep the Hives from failing.”
She believed that. Klbkch could only bow his head.
“My Queen. I have come from Liscor with discoveries of my own. The Painted Antinium are a step forwards to our goals. But—I believe they are not enough. We are Antinium, but no more Queens can be made. You have decided attempts should not be made.”
The Grand Queen nodded.
“The Silent Queen’s genius is unmatched among the remaining Queens, Klbkchhezeim. She labored for over a decade with all of us at the beginning to create more Queens. We could not. None of us are Shaper Queens of old. I will not waste resources on that battle.”
“The Antinium will die, then. That is our future. Even with the creation pods to create more Soldier and Workers—we will not continue as a species.”
Klbkch warned her flatly. They needed Queens.
Yet, the giant Queen anticipated Klbkch’s reply. She clicked her mandibles, once.
“This is true, Klbkchhezeim. But I have decided that attempting to create new Queens is a flawed goal. No. Far better to return to Rhir and hope that there are Queens remaining with the knowledge to create more of us.”
Klbkch had been shifting his balance, thinking. Now—he went still.
“Return to Rhir?”
But Xrn had said the Grand Queen wasn’t aware of her plans. Had she lied? The Grand Queen smiled.
“So surprised, Klbkchhezeim? It is the most logically sound choice. Return to Rhir. Have you never considered it?”
“…I came here to implore you to make that decision myself, my Queen.”
The Grand Queen opened her mandibles further.
“Yes. We must. We swore to return, with an army a thousand times larger than what was left. I did not forget. Neither have you. Nor have any of the other Queens. Even the Twisted Queen…”
A flicker of doubt in her mind. Klbkch had to know what had changed the Twisted Queen so much that the Grand Queen had such reservations. He inclined his head, feeling that same tantalizing flicker.
Hope.
“My Queen. If we could return to Rhir and recover the knowledge for just one Queen, let alone bring one back to Izril—”
Everything would change. But the Grand Queen shook her head then, a slow, ponderous motion.
“No. That is where I disagree, Klbkchhezeim. We have no…ships.”
She spat the word. Klbkch felt a tingle running through his system as well. The damned vessels that had ended the Antinium’s hopes.
“Ships can be procured, my Queen.”
“Can they be properly…sailed? We failed once, Klbkchhezeim. But even if we returned to Rhir across all that water, how would we return home? Past the Blighted Kingdom and Demons?”
Klbkch was silent, then. The Grand Queen’s memories pressed on him as much as her words.
“We did not take the 1st Wall of Rhir because it was too dangerous. We overran the Blighted Kingdom because they did not know our strength. The Deathless of the Demons likewise fled our advance because they knew we could be their deaths. But if we return—with an army of these Soldiers? Do you think Rhir will tremble and allow our passage?”
Klbkch did not. And he knew the approximate strength of the Blighted Kingdom and Demons.
“If we reached the Demons, the pact might hold.”
