7.39 A
Page 38
But it was a substantial improvement over the regular fare. Indeed, the Armored Queen had been so taken with the gifts the Free Antinium had brought—which they had not been able to offer the Silent Queen or Grand Queen—she immediately demanded more.
In turn, that started a miniature war over Anand as the Silent and Grand Queen realized that among the things they had neglected to get from him, samples of Garry’s cooking were included. Anand spent the day running about showing the Prognugators and Workers how to grill meat.
But that wasn’t important. That was just food. So while Klbkch let Anand deal with that, he went to visit the Flying Queen.
It was something of an underwhelming experience compared to the Silent Queen and Grand Queen’s Hives. Oh, the Flying Queen was unlike the other two. Her Hive was made erratically, improvised, not as carefully laid out, but her drones were much faster. Their thrumming wings made the Hive constantly noisy as they moved at top speed then had to rest.
Indeed, the Flying Queen’s creations also spoke of her originality, but lack of focus. She had yet to get any of her Antinium to fly, but she assured Klbkch she would. Soon.
“Of course I have plans, Klbkchhezeim. I have many plans; my latest is to create a flying projectile in my Soldiers. They currently generate acidic bile; they will have the ability to shoot thorn-projectiles.”
That was her grand project. Or rather, flight was. According to the Flying Queen, it solved…everything.
“The Walled Cities will fall if we can bypass their walls. My Hive will be the one to do it. Also—flight will allow us to return to Rhir, a priority, I agree.”
“How?”
Klbkch saw the Flying Queen stop fiddling with one of her experiments in the Birthers—the sacs growing new experimental Antinium, most of whom didn’t live long.
“Obviously, they will fly across the sea.”
“All the way across the sea. I see.”
The Flying Queen gave Klbkch a puzzled look.
“Of course. With wings, they will. It just takes one breakthrough and I am close, so close…”
Some Queens were idiots. Klbkch recalled why he had trouble with the Flying Queen. Well—she was certainly innovative. But he was disinclined to do more than encourage her to work with the Free Queen.
Especially because she wasn’t interested in Anand either. She didn’t see his worth. When Klbkch mentioned Anand, the Flying Queen brought over a Worker.
“Ah, yes. I have made my own experiments when I heard about the success of these Individuals. See? Look at this Worker.”
“T-this—this—this—I—I—I am a Worker, Revalantor.”
The Antinium stuttered as it presented itself to the Revalantor. It wasn’t an aberration—rather, the Worker managed to say ‘I’ after several attempts.
“Does this Worker…have a name?”
Klbkch examined the trembling Worker. The Flying Queen waved a palp.
“Not yet. But I believe I will create Individuals in time.”
Her antennae waggled as she looked at Klbkch. As if to say ‘huh, huh? Look at that shit. I can do it too!’ Klbkch stared at the Worker.
“I—I am a Worker, Revalantor.”
The Worker managed after another try. Klbkch studied it and the Flying Queen.
“…Good for you. Carry on.”
That was the Flying Queen for you. Klbkch spent as much time as he needed to humoring her, smacking a few of her ‘elite warriors’ around, and finding out that she too had been raiding Drakes for her needs, usually artifacts that enabled flight so she could experiment.
And that left only one Queen. One Hive. Klbkch had reservations about visiting her, though. All the Queens had warned him about her.
