7.39 A
Page 36
They were just Soldiers. Soldiers, but encouraged to grow like the Armored Queen had. Oversized—giants. The shortest was thirteen feet tall. And they were garbed in armor. They walked slowly, steel moving as they bore massive shields and hammers.
“Armored Queen. What is this?”
“I grew them, learning to do what has happened to me. I worked with them. Clumsily, borrowing the Silent Queen’s aid. This generation is larger than the last. They continue to grow. There are few of them. But these—these are my Steelclad.”
The Antinium stopped in front of Klbkch. They moved slowly. They were huge, steel helmets covering their faces and mandibles. Not a single weak point shown.
And…they were disastrous. Klbkch stared up at the Antinium. He had seen how slow they were. They were giant, massive targets. He could imagine spells ripping them apart, siege weapons bringing them down. The Armored Queen had invested her Hive’s resources in this?
“My Queen. I—do not know how to say this, but your Steelclad are…”
The Armored Queen interrupted Klbkch.
“I know.”
He looked up at her. The Queen leaned down towards him.
“I am no fool, Slayer. Do you think I do not know they will be targets? That the other races will destroy them? Look upon them. What do you see? I see folly. Size does not make one stronger. I know this.”
She gestured at her ruined body. Klbkch hesitated. If so, then what—
Oh. He understood. The Armored Queen pointed. The Steelclad raised their shields. Massive, tower shields. And their armor was thick.
“The Drakes will see my Steelclad as giants. They will rain oblivion on them. If the Steelclad reach their lines, they will cause chaos. But they will not. That is their purpose.”
“Distractions.”
Klbkch…felt ill. The Armored Queen understood the psychology of other species. Give them a target like this and—he could just imagine the enemy [General] ordering all the best Skills used to bring them down. To demoralize the foe. And it would work on War Walkers, half-Giants.
But the Steelclad were expendable. The Armored Queen went on as the Antinium stood there. Klbkch could barely sense any intelligence from them. They were so vast they could barely function; unlike Galuc, they were just scaled up, unable to react quickly.
“I have designed them well, Slayer. They are resistant to death by heat, shock, and their systems are built to keep them moving, keep them fighting. They have lifespans of weeks at most. But they will advance and guard themselves and fight. They can survive underwater for eighteen minutes before their reserves of air run out. They are my greatest creation.”
Now, the Armored Queen rose. Her voice grew louder, and boomed around the grand room. She spoke, her voice a roar of emotion.
“They shall be the last of their kind. Each one will die that thousands of Antinium may live. They will live brief lives in ignorance and pain. Armor I shall give them and weapons of metal that they might live another second. They will die by spell and blade and poison! They will know naught of our greatness, but die that we may return home. They are my greatest sin. They shall be the fear of other races. They are the Steelclad of the Antinium and I grieve for their existence.”
The giants stood there, and Klbkch looked up at the Armored Queen and saw the depths of her despair. He looked at her creations and was lost for words.
 
—-
That night, the Free Antinium slept in the Armored Queen’s Hive. It was different, again, in subtle ways. This time the tang of metal in the air made it hard to rest.
