7.39 A
Page 12
In this case, captured foods, none of it actually prepared. Nor was there an attempt at tables. The Free Antinium saw the food piled up on a carpet.
A looted carpet, Klbkch had to suppose, since the Antinium were about as good [Weavers] as they were [Cooks]. Actually—that wasn’t fair. They had once had amazing spinners who used web like thread…
And the Grand Queen was certainly effusive in her greetings. The other five Queens of the Antinium, including the Free Queen were visible on the mirrors she had mounted in her grand antechamber.
It was also like a throne, with a high dais or mound in the center of the room upon which she could command, communicate to the other Queens—the mirrors placed below her—and consult with her Prognugators.
Klbkch recalled seeing a version of this chamber before. However, experience in Liscor had given him the royal connotations of the room. Now, he looked up at her as she finished her speech.
“…and all the Hives shall once more benefit from Klbkchhezeim of the Centenium’s wisdom. The delegation of the Free Antinium shall prove its worth to the Hives. Klbkchhezeim, we would be pleased for you to act as Xrn’s replacement.”
The other Queens stirred at this. The Silent Queen especially.
“…Klbkchhezeim’s presence would be most welcome in my Hive. I believe my Silent Antinium are in most need of his guidance.”
“Or that of the Armored Antinium. We petition the Grand Queen for Klbkchhezeim’s guidance.”
“The Flying Antinium also! I have sent Pivr to the Free Antinium, as well as samples!”
It was notable that the Twisted Queen did not speak. For her part, the Free Queen seemed content to accept the Grand Queen’s thanks.
However, the Grand Queen’s good mood at her bickering subordinates and the entire affair ended as soon as Klbkch opened his mandibles.
“The Antinium did not welcome our own. Nor had we any need of processions or displays, my Queen. You have my thanks for the welcome, on behalf of the Free Antinium. However, it is on my Hive’s behalf that I must act. I respectfully decline your invitation; I will tour every Hive that is willing to host me.”
The Grand Queen had forgotten how much Klbkchhezeim could spoil her mood. In fairness, Xrn could be just as obstinate and Wrymvr had been…
But Klbkchhezeim had always been direct. Even before Izril, in fairness. The Grand Queen halted, feeling out of sorts.
“We had assumed you would take Xrn’s mantle, Klbkchhezeim. Xrniavxxel had indicated as much when she requested her absence.”
Klbkch paused, but only for a moment.
“It appears her statement was incorrect, Grand Queen.”
 
—-
 
Anand nervously chewed on part of the cheese wheel as he watched Klbkch standing in front of the Grand Queen. She had dismissed Anand and the other Free Antinium in a moment. Now, the Grand Queen’s antennae moved. She sounded displeased. But after a moment, she glanced at the silent Prognugators, nearly three dozen of them, and brightened. A note of cheerful malice crept into her voice.
“Your dispensation is unwelcome, Klbkchhezeim. However. We are able to manage the Grand Hive and other Hives in your absence. Have you noticed the Prognugators of the Grand Hive?”
She indicated the line of Antinium. Anand looked with Klbkch and saw them again.
Copies of Klbkch. They made his heart flutter, because there was Klbkch. Not just the Revalantor as he was now, but as he had been.
