7.39 A
Page 30
“Prognugators are made by combining the minds of thousands of Antinium. They are created by the sacrifice of personality, intelligence, and will.”
The [Strategist] stood there, poleaxed. The Armored queen turned her head, her massive antennae waving.
“Yes. Begin excavation. Move supplies from tunnels…”
She was so busy. More than the other Queens, or at least, that Anand had seen. The problem was twofold, actually. The Armored Queen explained—she was very accommodating.
“Armor blocks the signals from the Hive. Also, my Armored Hive works with metal, a task that requires Workers to be supervised intensively.”
“A-about the Prognugators…may I ask how they are made, Armored Queen?”
Anand was afraid. Klbkch wouldn’t…but the Armored Queen waved a palp.
“The Antinium are linked in creation. It is a laborious process used to create Prognugators. Ours are…flawed. Not as complete as those True Antinium. Even so, the process uses up many resources and time. I could use more Prognugators. But it is not necessary compared to the Grand Queen’s…numbers.”
The [Strategist] relaxed a bit, but he was still troubled.
“Yes, my Queen.”
“Good. Now, inform me of your Skills.”
Anand recited a list of his Skills. The Armored Queen was very interested about his tactics and demanded he tell her about fighting Crypt Worms and so on. And Anand enjoyed it! The Armored Queen was nodding when she stiffened.
“Forge break. I must attend. Stand there.”
She turned and began ordering Antinium elsewhere in her Hive rapidly. Anand heard only snippets from her mandibles.
“—move Workers back—contain f—redistribute—”
He stood there, obedient, waiting for her to finish. But the Armored Queen moved onto dealing with injuries, opening that iron vein they’d found, overseeing a change in the way they were making the armor that could be fitted onto any Worker and Soldier; hers were virtually identical to the Free Antinium’s, just a bit bigger and stronger.
The Armored Queen was so preoccupied with her work that she forgot Anand was there. As always, she devoted her all to managing her Hive such that when she slept it would keep going until she woke. It was hard work, but she had done it unceasingly. She was dedicated, loyal. She ignored the pain in her body until she needed a healing potion to restore the damage her sheer weight was causing her.
So, three hours later, as she stopped to ingest a healing potion, the Armored Queen looked around.
“Strategist Anand, continue telling me about your battle with enchanted suits of armor. Could they be repurposed to—”
She stopped. The space where the [Strategist] and the Free Antinium had been standing was empty. The Armored Queen looked around. But she had told them to stand right there.
“…Where did they go?”
 
—-
 
Anand did his best. He really did. He stood there for thirty-seven whole minutes before he started looking about. The Painted Antinium waited behind him, but they were clearly…bored.
“Maybe we should go sit down.”
Anand whispered to them. He motioned and they went to sit over by a wall.
An Armored Prognugator stared at them. Anand waved at the Soldier-Prognugator in armor.
“We are just sitting down. Actually—is there anywhere we could rest? We have not eaten since this morning, as well.”
“The Queen is busy.”
The Prognugator’s reply gave Anand flashbacks to Zai. The [Strategist] opened and closed his mandibles. And then he had an idea. It was not necessarily a good idea. It was more like an…Erin idea. Or a Bird idea.
