7.39 A
Page 21
The Grand Hive was far larger than the Free Antinium’s Hive. There was no restraint on size, so the Grand Hive had increased to a huge proportion. The entire Hive was also built such that an invading army would never reach the Grand Queen’s chamber, far, far below the surface. They’d be cut to ribbons by the intersecting tunnels, some of them designed to allow Antinium to attack their opponents through hidden fake walls, collapse areas—
“Belgrade would have loved this. Is anyone hungry?”
The other Painted Antinium shook their heads, save for one. Anand stared at a Painted Soldier.
“Goat? Here. I have a cheese.”
He produced the cheese wheel he’d been nibbling on. Goat, the Painted Soldier who had a…goat…painted on his chest, took it and nodded.
They were Painted Antinium, mixed with regular Soldiers and Workers. But all of them were Antinium that Anand had hand-picked to accompany Klbkch. For instance, he’d sequestered his favorite [Archers], like Archer B3, or A21, who had seen fighting with Anand in the dungeon for this mission.
“Inform me of any hunger issues. I believe we are supposed to wait for Klbkch’s conversation to finish…”
Anand glanced around. It was a spacious tunnel, far bigger and nicer than those of his Hive back home. Although he missed the coziness of the Free Hive’s tunnels. But was there a waiting area or something?
There was no help for it. Anand walked over to the first Sword Prognugator, who was holding his arm to its severed elbow.
“Excuse me. My name is Anand. I am a [Strategist]. It is good to meet you.”
Anand held out a hand. He didn’t really know how to introduce himself to other Antinium. But he copied the things he’d seen at The Wandering Inn.
The Sword Prognugator…stared at him. It—he?—made no response. Anand hesitated. He lowered his hand.
“Ah, if you are on duty, I apologize for disturbing you. We—the Free Antinium—would like to rest and put down our burdens.”
He indicated the Antinium, some of whom had packs. Anand went on, looking at the other staring Sword Prognugators.
“Is this an acceptable place to rest?”
The Sword Prognugators looked completely caught off guard by the question. Anand saw their antennae waving frantically, for all they held stock still. At last, the one Anand had spoken to replied.
“The Queen has not given orders. She desires privacy.”
Anand waited for more.
“I understand that…but if that is the case, may we rest here?”
The Sword Prognugator hesitated.
“The Queen cannot be asked. Disturbing her is unacceptable. Therefore…”
The other Sword Prognugators communed silently. At last, they came to a labored response.
“Rest here is acceptable.”
“Excellent, thank you.”
Anand wished he had sweat glands just so he could wipe some away. That had taken a lot of effort for such an easy decision! He waved a hand at the waiting Free Antinium.
“Here is acceptable to rest. Do not block the tunnel.”
The Free Antinium promptly dumped their bags on the ground and sat down. The Sword Prognugators stared. One of the Painted Workers brought out a book with pictures. Goat broke up the cheese to share. Another Painted Soldier tried to do that string-game with a bit of twine that Pawn had showed them, despite his clumsy digits.
These were the Free Antinium, completely different from even the Grand Queen’s Prognugators. Anand himself decided he should learn as much as possible. So he went down the rows of Sword Prognugators, introducing himself.
“My name is Anand. May I know your name, if you have one?”
