7.39 A
Page 29
The Silent Prognugator communed with her Queen, who was only too happy to speculate with Klbkch. He put that out of his mind.
“What about [Archers]? Could any of the Workers be adapted to an archery role with any improvements to their bodies?”
“I will ask the Queen.”
Klbkch stopped. He looked at Zai.
“I would like your speculation, Prognugator Zai.”
She gave him a very uneasy look and did the blade-sharpening rub with her scythe-claws.
“My knowledge is insufficient. The Queen…”
Klbkch found himself missing Anand. He twitched irritably. Or even…Relc.
“You don’t have an opinion? At all?”
He had forgotten already. Zai just shook her head.
“The Queen is wise. I will petition the Queen…”
 
—-
 
The Armored Antinium’s Hive was the most original of the three Hives Anand had visited. The [Strategist] knew this because he was fairly certain the other Hives didn’t have a fortress built into the tunnels. If they had—he hadn’t noticed.
The Armored Queen had taken more than the idea of arming her Antinium with armor. She had, in fact, built her Hive out of stone and metal, much like an underground castle. And the Armored Queen herself had time to see Anand.
For a few minutes.
“If the ore has run out, have Sehr investigate another tunnel. I will assist momentarily. Redistribute eight units of food to the barracks for the Free Antinium. If the Silent Queen has Klbkchhezeim, have the Steelclad unit disarmed and wait.”
The Armored Queen sat on no throne. Nor was she able to move. She had built the fortress around her. And she never left this chamber.
No wonder. She was huge. The biggest of the Queens, by far. And this was not…a good thing.
The Armored Queen had birthed more Antinium to create the first Hives than any other living Queen. Anand understood that some had died from the strains and experiments.
Now, of course, there were Birthers, the pods of creation that took the place of the Queens. But the Armored Queen was huge, swollen.
And in pain. Her body couldn’t sustain her weight. Anand saw her painfully moving around, barely able to drag herself a tiny bit. She had Workers who needed to guide her movements. And there was no going back; insects didn’t just ‘lose weight’ like fleshy mammals.
For all that, the Armored Queen was the most pleasant Queen in that she was willing to speak with Anand. And she herself was very interested in him.
“And your level?”
As the Armored Queen ordered her busy Prognugators to help her manage her busy Hive, Anand explained his [Strategist] class. And level.
“I am a Level 27 [Strike Strategist], Armored Queen.”
“Level 27?”
The Armored Queen recoiled. She turned her head.
“Wrong ore type. Keep searching, Sehr. How is this possible, Anand the [Strategist]?”
Anand was very pleased by the attention.
“I have commanded the Hive’s battles with the dungeon along with my companion, Belgrade, Armored Queen. My advancement into [Strategist] is most likely because I took over the Hive’s functioning as a whole at times.”
He had actually reached the class before Olesm had, in terms of levels. The Armored Queen was equally impressed.
“The Painted Antinium’s capacity to level is impressive. Sehr is Level 12 in the [Armored Leader] class. Tersk, my foremost Prognugator—of those that are currently alive—is Level 16.”
“Really?”
Anand was astonished. That was low-level! The Armored Queen shifted.
“Prognugators are too valuable to waste. I do not have thousands of lives to spend as the Grand Queen does to create Prognugators.”
“Create…?”
The Armored Queen looked down at Anand.
