7.39 A
Page 35
“That looks like…an instrument. For making music. Not a weapon.”
The Armored Queen nodded.
“Of course it is. Mirrex the Bard sang. The Centenium sang in Rhir’s Hives. Xrn—I have never heard Klbkchhezeim sing. But even Wrymvr sang.”
Anand stared at Klbkch’s back. The Centenium walked on.
“I always thought the titles of the Centenium were things Drakes make up.”
“They learned it from us. The Centenium were unique, little [Strategist]. I…am glad the Slayer does not find this place lacking. I would have been too afraid to show it to him. The other Queens surely are.”
That made Klbkch turned back.
“The other Queens have a place like this?”
“Of course they do. To remember our Queens. Our Centenium. Do you think we could forget, Slayer?”
The Armored Queen sat there, looking down at Klbkch. He was able to say nothing to that. He realized, then, that he had been wrong to think the Queens were foolish, infighting.
They too had never forgotten. But the Armored Queen’s body was damaged from dragging herself even this far. She left a trail of green blood on the ground as she lifted a feeler.
“Klbkchhezeim. It brings me joy to see that you find this tribute worthy. Now, let me show you my future. My achievement. My failure.”
“My Queen. You are bleeding.”
“It does not matter. I will bleed more before my end. Come with me, Klbkchhezeim.”
They left Anand standing there. The [Strategist] looked up at Galuc for a while. Then he slowly walked through that hallway. And at last—he began to understand. Understand how much he had yet to learn.
How much they had lost.
 
—-
 
“I am broken, Klbkchhezeim. Look at my body. It betrays me. Look at our Hives. You have found us wanting. I see this. That is why the Armored Antinium take up steel. We are not worthy of the True Antinium.”
The Armored Queen sat in her chambers as she was healed. Klbkch looked up at her.
“Armored Queen. You have given your body to the Hives that we could rebuild. I would never find you wanting, of all the Queens.”
She smiled slowly. Of all the Queens—he respected her most. Her, and the other Queens who had volunteered to be the first to birth Antinium eggs.
“We are all soldiers, Slayer. The war does not end. But I fear—more than the other Queens. I fear failure, Slayer. I see the weakness of our armies. The Grand Queen has her plans. So too do the other Queens. I am sure they show them to you.”
“They do. Have you a project of your own?”
“Yes. They are coming.”
Klbkch felt something moving their way. Heard the tread. But he waited as the Armored Queen spoke.
“Yet I have less faith than the others, Klbkchhezeim. I turn to you for guidance. What I create—I create to support the Hives. I do not know if war is for the best. If you say it is not—I listen. If the Grand Queen orders it, my Hive goes to war. I lack the vision to bring us home.”
“We will go home.”
He said it forcefully. The Armored Queen lifted one huge arm.
“I believe you. And I will fight and live until my last, Slayer. But I am no genius. I have not the faith in victory I did decades hence. So see: this is what I have made.”
They walked into the vast room and made it smaller. Klbkch felt the ground tremble. He looked up and saw them.
Giant Antinium. He froze.
“Galuc?”
They looked—no. For a moment, he thought they were copies of the Builder. That the Armored Queen had managed to do what no Queen had before. Then he realized.
