7.39 A
Page 26
Like you. Her mental sending was unguarded. Klbkch shifted. He was a bit…uncomfortable with the Silent Queen’s adoration of him. The Free Queen herself had admired Klbkch and they worked in synchronicity, but the Silent Queen took that to an extreme.
She had never been really able to contradict Klbkch or overrule him as a Queen should, hence Klbkch’s decision to partner with the Free Queen.
“My Queen—”
Klbkch had to pause as the Silent Queen visible shivered at the address. Klbkch sighed.
“My Queen. I have not come simply to inspect your Hive. The Free Antinium is my Hive.”
“I know this. Aid will be given to the Free Antinium. But what benefits one Hive benefits all.”
“That is not what the Grand Queen believes. She claims the Hives are fractured.”
Klbkch watched the Silent Queen slowly closed her mandibles closely, monitoring her thoughts. When she replied, the Silent Queens’ mental tone was frustrated.
“The Grand Queen leads us. But she is not infallible. Klbkchhezeim. It is my belief that we have yet to reach a fraction of the potential we had on Rhir.”
“That is an unmistakable fact, Silent Queen. However, our efforts have not yielded many results. You have attempted to master forms for a decade—your Infiltrators are proof of that.”
“But I could have done more! Klbkchhezeim! You understand Shaper Queens. The Grand Queen does not. I was only a student, along with the Free Queen, but we had access to the Antinium’s knowledge. And more importantly, resources.”
The Silent Queen led Klbkch into her laboratory. Well, her Shaping room. Klbkch observed the vats. Made of glass. Others were steel, clumsily welded together.
“The Armored Queen gave some of her aid to help fashion these. Klbkchhezeim. We lost more than knowledge. We lost all the substances which allowed us to make Antinium…Antinium. I have been experimenting with what we could gather. Synthesized out of our very forms. But consider—there is more. [Alchemists] have a wealth of ingredients.”
She showed him a clear vat that Klbkch recognized. It was one of the substances in the Antinium’s body; they had been forced to reverse-engineer the substance by creating Antinium who excreted as much of it as possible and harvested it from them. The Silent Queen gestured around the room.
“I have long petitioned the Grand Queen to—procure—more substances. I believe I could create far more with more material. But what I have obtained comes from monsters. Or chance.”
“I see. And the Grand Queen disagrees?”
“She…refuses to risk the Hive’s relationship with the Drakes. I have been forced to ignore her commands to obtain what I wish. At times. It was out of necessity!”
The Silent Queen rubbed her feelers together anxiously. Klbkch looked at her. He couldn’t deny that the Silent Queen was their best Shaper. Even so…her admonition troubled him.
“We are one people, Silent Queen. Disharmony hurts us all.”
“But my Hive is not True Antinium.”
The reply shocked Klbkch. The Silent Queen tilted her head left and right.
“I have not been able to restore our link, Klbkchhezeim. If I could…I am aware of our faults. These imitations are flawed warriors. But do not think that I have not done all for the benefit of the Hives. See what my experiments have created.”
She wanted to show him something at the back of the rooms. It was locked behind a…door? Klbkch saw light coming from the cracks. He looked at the Silent Queen.
“You have a project as well?”
She smiled.
“Of course. Did you think we waited on the Free Antinium to create? Look what I have made, Klbkchhezeim. Oh—and take this.”
