7.39 A
Page 13
Some were Worker-type Prognugators, mimicking the body Klbkch had worn for so long. They were armed with steel swords and two daggers, an exact copy of the fighting style he had adopted. Others were clearly based around Klbkch as he was now, or perhaps, had been. They were actually taller than the Klbkch of present, long-armed, carrying the two long blades.
They looked…uncanny, standing together. So many copies of Klbkch. And when their Queen looked at them, they stood and saluted her.
If Klbkch minded the obvious similarities, he did not show it. He calmly nodded to the Grand Queen.
“I see them. As I commented the last time I left, a dozen Prognugators is excessive. This many are unneeded.”
The Grand Queen’s mandibles clicked.
“They are quite capable of replacing you in both leadership and combat roles, Klbkchhezeim.”
“That is unlikely, Grand Queen.”
The Centenium had to be aware of how peeved his replies were making the Grand Queen. Actually, that was certain.
 
—-
 
Another change was in how Klbkch had to speak his replies to the Grand Queen. Both were Antinium of Rhir, True Antinium and could share a mental link. They could even connect to the other Queens to create a Unitasis Network, however weak.
Klbkch could sense the Grand Queen’s emotions. But—she was out of touch, her mental connection weaker than his link to the Free Queen. Out of practice with sharing her mind with Xrn?
They spoke aloud for the benefit of the Queens watching through the magical mirrors. Even so—Klbkch picked up on the Grand Queen’s ire.
And he was also aware she had something planned. The Grand Queen did not rise to his bait a second time. Instead—her mandibles raised and opened in a smile.
“Perhaps you would care to demonstrate that claim, Klbkchhezeim? Your combat prowess is an example to all the Hives, as are both Xrn and Wrymvr’s. However—the Grand Hive has had a decade to improve. My Prognugators are a match for you in ability.”
She pointed.
“We have instituted a…trial to evaluate new innovations within each Hive’s Soldiers. Here.”
It was still in her chambers since the Grand Queen did not wish to move far. Klbkch saw…something else new. Strange. He hesitated.
“Is that—”
 
—-
 
An arena? Anand stared at the coliseum in miniature. It had nothing like seats or any concessions to the audience; the one watcher was content to sit on her hill and observe. But all the hallmarks were there.
From ancient times, across every species, they had had this type of contest. Two champions, or many, fighting in everything from a ring, a cage, a giant coliseum with the ability to flood itself for mock ship battles—to a circle in the dirt.
The Grand Queen’s exhibition arena was more like that last bit. But the fact that it existed was curious to Anand. And Klbkch.
“Each Hive has attempted to improve in its own designs. The Grand Queen instituted this practice to see the efficacy of each Soldier in practical terms. Thus far, the Grand Hive has been the most statistically viable.”
The Silent Queen explained. Klbkch just stared at the Antinium Prognugator—a Worker-type, bearing a copy of the weapons he carried, waiting for him.
“This is ridiculous. Antinium fighting Antinium presents only one kind of data. The Grand Hive also receives all the material and innovations of each Hive; the Hives share advances.”
“…Yes. Of course, Klbkchhezeim. But each Hive’s—focus—still yields different competencies.”
The Silent Queen’s reply said everything to Klbkch. But he had known that. It illuminated a lot of troubling things for Anand.
