7.39 A
Page 2
Only then did the Silent Antinium’s Prognugator move. Xeu, the mantis-like Antinium, did not walk on two legs. She was closer to the sensibilities of an insect than the more humanoid Workers and Soldiers. Only the Silent Queen had the expertise to make her subjects so perfectly hexapodal. Pivr had inefficiencies in his motion, for instance.
He was accompanying Xrn. The Flying Antinium’s Prognugator fluttered his wings in a slight challenge. Xeu ignored him.
“This one obeys, Xrn. What will?”
Her voice was soft, so high-pitched it was hard for any non-Antinium to hear. Another mechanism designed to allow Silent Antinium to communicate without the enemy hearing. Xrn pointed.
“First. We go to the dungeon. Second—socialization. I wish you two to communicate with the Painted Antinium.”
“Must we?”
Pivr’s tone was annoyed. But he meekly lowered his antennae as Xrn looked at him.
Interesting observations of the Antinium of Izril. Well, to Xrn, they had long ceased to be interesting. The first was that the Silent Antinium, like their Queen, were very used to stillness. Pivr, by contrast, had more emotion in him than any other Antinium besides the Individuals—even if it was all reluctance and arrogance like his Queen.
But the two were similar in a strange way. A way Xrn barely thought of anymore. As she led the two Prognugators, she collected Tersk and Dekass, who had eaten their fill at the inn.
“Fall in. We go to battle.”
The Small Queen’s eyes shone like a trapped nebula. She led the Antinium of three Hives into the dungeon, with the Painted Antinium. And everything she met—died.
While adventurers conducted their war, and Liscor continued to expand, the Antinium were also changing. Xrn reached the first layer of fortifications. Belgrade was already there, relieving Purple Smiles.
“What change?”
“Not much, Prognugator Xrn. We have held this area well. I regret to say…eighteen of your thirty six bound spells have been activated. Purple Smiles deemed each use acceptable—”
Xrn regarded the scorched stones and hallways of the dungeon. A broken suit of armor lay with a huge, gaping vent in its armor. The azure Antinium shook her head.
“How many casualties?”
“Fifty six. However—”
Belgrade stopped as Xrn looked at him.
“Use all of my spells, Belgrade. I am capable of replenishing them at will. Magic regenerates. Workers and Soldiers—especially Painted Antinium—do not.”
The [Tactician] looked into the stern, green-blue eyes, mixing admonition with sorrow. He bowed his head.
“I am sorry for my failure.”
A gentle hand touched his arm. The [Tactician] started. Xrn had only two arms. She smiled.
“Learn. And protect your Hive, Belgrade. Hold this ground. We will advance. Pivr, Tersk, Dekass, Xeu. To me.”
Belgrade watched as Xrn marched down the hallway. The [Trapsetter Tactician] turned to a Painted Soldier.
“Two Thousand Five Hundred and Two Stars, prepare to move the fortifications forwards. Archer Squad E—prepare for counterattacks on the other corridors.”
The Antinium moved around him. Belgrade examined the fortifications. They were actually copies of the adventurer-tactics. Tall, metal-coated barricades, which allowed Antinium to funnel their foes and assail them from a height-advantage. Belgrade had happily stolen the idea. Anything that was useful, he stole.
