7.39 A
Page 39
“She has gone rogue. She communicates seldom. I believe her sacrifices, brave though they were, have damaged her cognition.”
“Her advances are…disturbing.”
“She may not despair, but her creations are such that even I could not bring myself to emulate her. Efficient and terrible.”
“She—she—has Wrymvr. You should visit her, but my Antinium have clashed with her. It was not my Hive’s fault! Mostly. Her Antinium are…different.”
And Xrn had told Klbkch that she thought Wrymvr had gone insane. What did that mean? Klbkch didn’t know. And he was not apprehensive to visit one of the fellow Hives. It was just that he was…wary.
He brought Anand and a smaller group of Painted Soldiers with him at the end of the day. Anand was covered in flour, and he smelled of meat oils. He looked at Klbkch as they walked overland to the Twisted Hive.
There were no tunnels connecting the Twisted Queen’s domain to the other Hives. Apparently, there had been accidents. Accidents so bad that she had been blocked from the other Hives. Even her name spoke to the change.
Twisted Antinium. Who would call themselves that?
“Klbkch? What is…the Twisted Queen’s motif?”
“The last I recalled, she had made advances into changing her Soldiers into more destructive forms. Usually at the costs of their lifespans. I understand…her Antinium are now even further changed. There may be danger.”
“To us? But we are Antinium.”
The Centenium looked at Anand.
“Do not wander. Keep together and do not provoke anything. That is an order.”
The Twisted Queen’s Hive sat closest to the High Passes, highest in the Hivelands. Most remote. Anand felt a tingling as he approached. Something…in the air?
No. In his mind.
“Revalantor…”
“I feel it too. Keep walking.”
Klbkch saw that the Twisted Hive was built into the rock. It had an entrance actually visible from a distance. A large opening; the Twisted Hive had been built into an existing cave structure and the opening had been widened.
To get there, they would have to descend through a rocky valley and pass through a basin with a large spire of rock. The area made Klbkch…antsy.
Something was off. He heard something in the air. Almost like another Antinium. But magnified—many voices.
Had she created True Antinium? But nothing was coherent.
“Follow me. Single-file.”
The Centenium led the way down the incline. He didn’t see signs of other Antinium, even ones scavenging for food. The sixteen Painted Soldiers and Anand followed.
The—buzzing—grew louder. Klbkch kept turning his head, trying to locate it.
“Strange. Does the Hive have no sentries? Surely we should have been challenged or sighted…”
“Perhaps we have.”
Klbkch had just reached the ground and realized there was sand amid the stone. He paused, staring down at it. Then he heard the buzzing in his head turn to screams.
Something was screaming. Screaming, without words. No—not one thing. Hundreds of voices. Klbkch grabbed at his antennae, muting the noise. A mental cry? Was something under attack?
“Klbkch! What is happening?”
Anand screamed. The other Painted Antinium grabbed at their heads, experiencing the howl but unaware of what it was. Klbkch snapped at them.
“Mental attack! Touch your antennae together or cover them! Assume something is using telepathy!”
The Antinium grabbed at their antennae. Klbkch drew his swords. Mental attacks were rare. Even Crelers were only capable of that as Adults—and weakly. This reminded him of Rhir.
Something was coming. Klbkch sensed the rage in the scream as he muted the sound in his head by sheer force of will.
