7.39 A
Page 33
Anand was circulating the vast room—which was so huge so that the Armored Queen could enter it and be read to—when he turned his attention to light coming from the room beyond. This library was the first room in the Armored Queen’s chambers. But there was another.
At first, Anand assumed it was the laboratory that Queens had. But…those were always sealed to prevent contaminants. And the room beyond was more like…a hallway?
What had Ulssb said? The room with statues?
Curiosity got the better of Anand. He put the book he’d been about to open back on the shelf and walked forwards.
He found himself in a long hallway made of stone. A bright sandstone. Yet—the hallway was shadowed.
And in the hallway were—alcoves. Pedestals, built into the wall. And standing on them—Anand saw figures.
He stopped in front of the first pedestal and looked up. Anand peered at the towering figure. He…stumbled. Passed a hand over his eyes.
“What’s…that looks like…”
He fell. The [Strategist] didn’t know why, but he lost strength in his legs. He fell onto the ground and lay there. Dead to the world. Just…staring up.
That was how the Armored Queen and Klbkch found him, nearly an hour later. A very worried Ulssb had told her of what had happened. Klbkch had arrived, having cut short his visit to the Silent Queen out of exasperation.
Now, she dragged herself into the library and saw the little Worker there. Klbkch made a sound of annoyance.
“Anand.”
The Worker didn’t reply. He was sitting. Staring up at…the Armored Queen spoke.
“Strategist Anand. What are you doing?”
Her voice boomed with something like anger. But it subsided when she saw the little [Strategist] look around. His voice shook as he pointed.
“W-what is this? Who is this? Why do I know him?”
The Armored Queen looked past Anand. Klbkch strode forwards. Anand’s initiative was one thing he realized was important, but walking through the Armored Queen personal quarters was another. He—looked up—
And stopped.
The statue was massive. Also, plain. It had been made of sandstone, never painted, never given any other decoration but that with which the sculptor had done with chisel, feeler, and slow patience.
Yet—it had been created with the kind of intricate care that bordered on obsession. So carefully each detail had been wrought, to do justice to the image. And it had captured the Antinium—the Centenium perfectly.
He stood true to life, a giant three times larger than any Soldier. That was three times larger in sheer height. Yet—his body was unmistakably that of the Antinium of Izril. Four arms, a beetle’s shell on his back.
Galuc the Builder, one of the hundred Centenium heroes looked down on Klbkch. The Slayer felt his legs grow weak.
“Galuc…?”
Anand looked at Klbkch. He did not know the name. The [Strategist]’s voice quavered.
“I know him. He looks like me. But how do I know him?”
It was the Armored Queen who spoke as Klbkch slowly looked down the hallway and saw the other statues. Nearly forty of them; not the full hundred. The last was in progress, the tools neatly set down in front of the unfinished visage.
“That is Galuc the Builder, Strategist Anand. And he does not look like you. You were made in his image. He died before coming to Izril. But the great Shaper Queen, Bessachidia, saved his form that we were able to make you all.”
“Galuc…? You mean, he was a Centenium…? And we are—”
Anand looked at Klbkch, but the [Swordslayer] was silent. Looking at Galuc. Seeing…oh.
