7.39 A
Page 9
The Centenium didn’t reply. Anand’s presence on this trip had grated on his nerves. Which was an odd thought. Klbkch had chosen Anand because the [Strategist] was the best representative of the Free Antinium he could name.
Well, compared to Belgrade and Yellow Splatters, since Bird, Garry, and especially Pawn disqualified themselves. Purple Smiles was…odd as well.
Even so, Anand’s obsequiousness bothered Klbkch. He’d made an effort because Xrn had threatened to terraform him down a thousand feet through straight bedrock if he upset Anand. But Klbkch had been…testy of late.
Another odd feeling. Was he becoming Relc? Could that happen if you worked with someone that long? Klbkch surveyed the landscape.
“Klbkch…”
“Anand. Take cover.”
The [Strategist] froze as he tried to climb up to where Klbkch was. The Revalantor checked himself.
Ring of Metal. Ring of Hops. Single-use Amulet of Dispel. Both blades—backup daggers enchanted with [Ignition] and [Pain] respectively. Three healing potions, high-grade. Two stamina potions, mid-grade. Tripvine bag, two explosive oil vials, one high-yield, one mid-yield. Potion of Swiftness. Potion of Vanish.
Not the most dangerous of equipment sets. Klbkch had left most of the artifacts behind to stay light and mobile. Also—a powerful artifact made him shine to enemy [Mages] without Xrn to shield him. Moreover, this level of equipment would create a sense of superiority in an enemy who appraised him. Klbkch’s new Skill would equalize any encounter.
[Recaptured Sublimity]. The Antinium didn’t use it now. It had a twelve-hour cooldown and that would kill him if he used it carelessly. Still—he held his ground and pretended to be surveying the landscape.
“Movement. Coordinates are around -43, 231, -6.”
Anand analyzed the numbers and peeked towards the spot Klbkch had seen the movement. The [Strategist] lifted something. An enchanted spyglass.
“…I see a Drake. One, no, two, watching you, Revalantor.”
Klbkch had seen it too. Drakes? Here?
“Evaluate them, Anand.”
“There may be more. But…[Quick Evaluation].”
The [Strategist] used one of his new Skills. He went hmm. It wasn’t the same as an [Appraisal] ability, but close.
“Analysis of their armor and weaponry indicates that this isn’t a unified force. My Skill estimates adventurers. A small team. Judging by the way they are investigating you, Revalantor, they have not seen the rest of us and were caught off-guard by your presence.”
“Adventurers?”
What was happening? Klbkch looked around. He hadn’t notified any of the Hives of his imminent arrival; they didn’t use [Messages], anyways. He was sure they had Listeners and he had been planning on making straight for the Grand Queen’s Hive.
This changed things.
“Your orders, Klbkch? Do we…fight?”
The Antinium waited, and Klbkch hesitated. It was a strange word, coming out of Anand’s mouth.
Fight? That meant killing the adventuring team. Which was a felony under Liscorian law, punishment by death or exile depending on Watch Captain Zevara’s…
Senior Guardsman Klbkch shook his head. What was he thinking? These were Drakes in Antinium land. They died.
…But he hesitated.
“I will ambush them. Anand, send some Workers forwards. Distract them and prepare the Soldiers to fall back into the tunnel and collapse it if I retreat.”
“We could attack—”
“No. Adventurers are far too difficult for regular Antinium. If I must, I will—kill—the group.”
Anand nodded slowly. He investigated the group in his spyglass.
