7.39 A
Page 46
The two Antinium sat there. There was so much to say. If Xrn had seen them she probably would have bopped heads, and given Wrymvr’s form, that would have taken a while. But she had made one error. And that was that the two Antinium, the two Centenium, were more alike than she was to Klbkch.
She had been made to lead. They had been created to kill. Wrymvr understood Klbkch’s frustrations. Of course, the Twisted Queen was listening to them as well. But she said only one thing. Her mental tone was pure and unbroken, showing Klbkch that her mind had not decayed.
(Klbkchhezeim. I apologize for tricking you. But Xrn is subservient. She acts as the Queens do, not ordering the Grand Queen directly. Wrymvr dissents. I dissent. We are of one mind. You have seen each Queen’s project.)
Information flickered through their link. Klbkch guarded the projects, refusing to share, but to his surprise, the Twisted Queen knew of all of them. Another flash of humor through their link.
(Secrets are not Antinium. But I disagree. As you do. This is not enough.)
She gave voice to the feeling in Klbkch. Each Queen had made great preparations for war. But none of it guaranteed victory. Not the new Antinium, or the stockpiles…
“What have you done, Twisted Queen?”
She raised her good mandible.
(A different perspective. Wrymvr knows all. You have time and he will tell you many plans. Many futures. But know this: I think salvation for the Antinium lies not in new weapons or numbers. I think we are trapped here. Wrymvr concurs. So my project is complete.)
“And what is that?”
The Twisted Queen delivered her conclusion elegantly. With speech and mind.
“The answer. To the flaw. Of our Hives. Is Queens. Remove. The. Queens. Look.”
She lifted the empty vessel she had nearly dropped Anand into. The Birther sac came up gently. It had no real consciousness. It was just designed to create and create and…Klbkch stirred.
“You are going to disrupt the chemical balance.”
The Birthers were incredibly fragile. Each one needed constant monitoring by the Queens. Lifting one would destroy new Antinium being gestated. But The Twisted Queen was less than careful. And Wrymvr looked at Klbkch.
(No, she will not. Understand?)
The Slayer sat there. The Twisted Queen gently placed the sac back.
(Klbkchhezeim. I know Xrn’s plans. I know the Grand Queen’s plans. I know plans. And I say this: we Queens are too large to move. Too dangerous. But to live…the Antinium must expand. My achievement is this—you do not need me anymore.)
She smiled. And Klbkch sat there. He looked at the brilliance of the last Queen of the Antinium.
They could have said so much more, then. And they did. In time. But Klbkch rummaged in his bag of holding then. And he interrupted this conversation about the future with a little object.
“Here. Wrymvr. You do not deserve it, but it is a gift.”
What was it? The Centenium peered at the jug. It was triple-reinforced, but the ceramic was already a bit stained. Klbkch pulled out something else. It was…a pizza.
“Food?”
The Twisted Queen investigated the pepperoni pizza, courtesy of Erin’s inn. And with it—a black liquid. Klbkch poured it into a cup. And then, since Wrymvr had trouble with cups, into a maw.
“Rxlvn. I would have brought the Minotaur’s Punch drink, but it can’t be stored. Twisted Queen—a drink?”
She took the entire jug and tasted it. The Antinium’s alcohol was strong enough to make even Wrymvr’s toxin-immune system hesitate for a second. Good enough. Klbkch didn’t waste more on him. He just took a shot and felt the room spin.
