7.39 A
Page 31
“Er…yes. The Queen is busy. However, I heard that there was a barracks and food units allocated to us. Revalantor Klbkch would appreciate—he wants us to rest there.”
The Armored Prognugator opened and closed his mandibles. He looked at Anand, but the Antinium did not suspect the [Strategist] of a lie. That was inconceivable.
“I will take you.”
He marched down the hallway. Anand motioned and the Free Antinium followed him. The [Strategist] was caught in a paroxysm of guilt for a few moments. Had he just spoken an untruth? No—no, he had done what Klbkch would have ordered. This was for the best.
“Thank you. This is a nice barracks. And this food is…”
Anand stared at the typical Antinium mush.
“…Acceptable. We will eat.”
He covertly waved at Goat, who had produced his half-eaten cheese. The Armored Prognugator turned to go. Anand called after him.
“What’s your name? And would you like to eat with us?”
The Prognugator turned back.
“I am to wait for the Armored Queen’s instructions.”
“Oh. But could you do that with us? She will want to know where we are, anyways. What is your name?”
“Ulssb. I should return to my Queen—”
Erin was the example to follow here. Anand smiled, put an arm around Ulssb’s shoulder, and steered him to the other Antinium.
“Sit and stay a while! Eat. We have food from the Free Antinium. That is a…order from Klbkch.”
This time Ulssb looked at Anand. He wasn’t an idiot.
“I did not see your Revalantor give you that order.”
“No? Well, he would want us to socialize. Have you had bread before?”
“My system is not adjusted to handle wheat—”
“This is Garry-bread. Eat, eat.”
Soon, the Armored Prognugator was gobbling the stale bread. It was a week old, despite being kept in Anand’s bag of holding, but the Armored Antinium was eating it like it was Pawn’s fabled mana from the heavens.
Anand felt really bad for Ulssb. He was like all the others, despite being a Prognugator. And he realized—the other Free Antinium felt the same way. They were pulling out their toys and showing Ulssb.
“Intriguing. Intriguing. Is this what Tersk referred to?”
The Prognugator stared at Goat’s cat’s cradle game, and a spinning top that one of the Workers had. He was so excited to try it himself that it hurt Anand.
“We have many things to show other Antinium. We did not get a chance in the Silent Hive or the Grand Hive, but perhaps we can here? Klbkch would want that.”
Ulssb looked up and thought about this.
“That would be…acceptable. I will inform my Queen this is an important idea when she is available.”
And there it started. Anand smiled hugely. He looked at the others, and then dug around in his pack.
“Oh. Oh! I have more to show you! We do not have an Erin in our packs to sing and do wonderful things, but we do have a chess and go board. Multiples, in fact! And—show Ulssb the book!”
One of the Workers pulled out his beloved picture book. Ulssb stared at the colorful illustrations. Then he nodded, without showing as much interest as Anand had expected.
“Oh. Those. We read those to understand how metal is formed. These have more pictures. The Armored Queen has many of those.”
“Books? Wait. She has a…library?”
Erin had told Anand about libraries. Glorious places with books up to ceilings. Anand had dreamed of entering one someday. He had bought his own books to read, like the one on [Warrior] Skills, but he needed to know more now.
“It is in the Armored Queen’s rooms. Many books. We read some to her and study them. It is…complex. That is how the Armored Queen learned the secrets of metal. It is next to the room of statues.”
