7.39 A
Page 48
The Free Queen peered at Anand for a moment, and then withdrew her head. Anand waved at someone.
“Hello, Belgrade.”
“Hello, Anand. Have you had a good trip?”
“Yes, except for the times it was not. Will you show this to Olesm?”
“Yes. One moment. Did you get to meet the Armored Queen? Tersk has been telling me about her.”
“Yes. She is a very gifted sculptor.”
The two Workers chattered as Belgrade had a few Workers carry the mirror up, out of the Hive. Anand waited, seeing Liscor reflected at an angle.
This is what he had built. It was a small thing. But Wistram’s Archmages were seriously considering sabotaging the connection because of what it meant. Did that damned Worker know?
Of course he did. And the [Strategist] waited in front of the mirror. It reached The Wandering Inn and Erin Solstice ran up to the mirror.
“Wait, Klbkch took Anand with him? So that’s why I haven’t seen him! Anand! You never said goodbye! Who else is missing? Where’s Elirr? Where’s Fals? Has Garia gone to Chandrar or something? Argh!”
She threw up her hands, then demanded to know if Anand was well, if he was eating, and where he was. Anand spoke into the chaos, seeing a blue-scaled Drake in the background, eating with a fiery-haired [Lady]. It was the day after Mrsha’s learning to write, and she held up a sign that said ‘Hello, Anand, good to see you!’
“Hello, Erin. Hello, Mrsha. I am in the Hivelands, outside the Grand Hive of the Antinium.”
His words brought silence to the inn. Anand saw Olesm’s head snap around so fast something went crick. But Anand’s next words brought the world into life once more.
Drakes went running into Liscor, shouting. Watch Captain Zevara fell out of her chair and went running, not even bothering to inform the Council. Drakes flooded out of the city, towards the inn, demanding to see.
They were not alone. Grand Strategist Chaldion had Grimalkin and officers of Pallass shove their way through the crowds. He found Olesm there, standing with Selys—with a crowd, looking at the waving Antinium.
The enemy. But Anand had called them with what he had done. Did he know what he had accomplished? Or what his casual explanations did?
Of course. He had learned how to change the world with chaos from Erin Solstice herself. Now—the Drakes looked at the little sign. A marker, for a tomb, which mattered more than the symbolic places in other cities.
It read thusly:
 
Here fell [General] Sserys of Liscor, who perished in the First Antinium War. 
The greatest son of Liscor stopped the Black Tide.
Drakes do not run.
 
Anand waited for the voices to stop. He answered questions, decided a statue should be put here, and answered the Queen’s bewildered questions. He hadn’t done much since coming to the Hivelands. But he felt proud of himself for this little thing he had made.
He dusted his hands and walked off. He did level that night. But not eight times.
That was alright.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: And we’re done. This chapter was written because it won the poll and the theme was ‘building’. Do you…do you get the reference?
Anyways. I’m done. And I hope you enjoyed a mega-chapter like…the other ones. I had good rest this time, so I was able to do it without too much strain. But then again, this is always a challenge. I’ll leave you with some glorious art: a self-contained story by Lire of Ilvriss and Periss, and Falene by Plushie! Also, an amazing image of all versions of Crelers by Staugroan! Always incredible to see what your minds come up with and those are some cool Crelers!
 
https://ko-fi.com/boboplushie
https://ko-fi.com/lightsresonance
