7.39 A
Page 25
“We built Hives out of many substances. Web, shell…types of treated earth, yes. Antinium would move to each Hive as needed. They would rest in such rooms. Not in the same way; they had all shapes and sizes, so the Queens, after much experimentation, found universal resting spots more efficient than dedicated areas.”
Klbkch smiled then, in recollection.
“The issue of housing Antinium took twenty nine years to properly organize. Efficiency in the Hives was of utmost importance. Even organizing the connecting tunnels so Antinium with the most speed, such as those with wings, could bypass slower Antinium was a difficulty that consumed the Queens…”
He told the Antinium more, of how the Hives had been organized by geniuses to make an Antinium take one less step to get to its destination. Organization, as valuable as talent in war because one tied to another. And the Free Antinium listened to their first story of old that night. They drifted off to sleep, dreaming of a Hive in which the pale walls of shell sheltered them.
The next day—they visited the Silent Antinium.
 
—-
 
“Klbkchhezeim. My Hive welcomes the Slayer of the Centenium. Come, speak with me. Whatever is desired, I will procure it if possible.”
The Silent Queen of the Antinium was…fond of Klbkch. That was rather like saying that Ryoka Griffin sort of liked immortal beings. She was practically vibrating as Klbkch walked into her chambers.
Anand and the other Antinium were left outside. They had traveled to the Silent Antinium’s Hive, in the lower areas of the Hivelands, off the plateau and in the shade of the cliffs, the next morning. Not aboveground, of course.
The Hives were connected. And they were so large that they practically bordered each other; no sense in wasting space. Nevertheless—there was a distinct difference in this Hive.
The Silent Queen had, for one, opted to use a darker soil. She had a motif, and the dimly-lit corridors had caused the Free Antinium to smack into walls more than once. Her Antinium were adapted to the change, and indeed, the low-light areas would make attacking her Hive a nightmare.
Her Silent Antinium were masters of camouflage. Or rather, her elites were. There were Workers and Soldiers who bore the mark of the Silent Queen’s expertise in shaping forms. You noticed it in small ways. A Worker who could rotate an arm around the elbow to grasp more efficiently. Soldiers with reinforced mandibles, or an edge to their pummeling fists that could also lacerate.
But her elites were what Anand, in his way, had termed the Infiltrator Antinium. They were the six-legged scythe-armed Antinium whose shells could camouflage.
“I have improved their capabilities to match your fighting style, Klbkchhezeim. Their blades are not as strong as yours were, but they are capable of cutting even weak enchanted armor.”
The Silent Queen was second-smallest of the Queens, next to the Free Queen. Owing to her expertise in shaping, she had been spared the worst ravages of having to birth Antinium when they had first landed in Izril. She was actually able to half-scuttle along after Klbkch.
“I see. Their combat prowess is exceptional. But I understand each one takes two months to create.”
That was far, far more than your regular Soldier or Worker. The Silent Queen dipped her head in acknowledgement.
“Calibrating the Birthers is a task which complicates my designs, Klbkchhezeim. Adeptly spotted. My Hive is smallest of the other Hives here, but my soldiers are elite.”
