7.39 A
Page 16
“Your Prognugators have a portion of my ability with swords, Grand Queen. However. I maintain that they are not my equal in leadership or combat. If you would allow me to challenge them—and allow me to injure them—I will demonstrate the difference between us.”
The Grand Queen’s voice was frosty.
“Name your opponent, Klbkchhezeim. But I maintain—any two of my Prognugators would be your match.”
“Indeed? Then I challenge all of them.”
The Grand Queen’s moving feelers stopped in midair. The other Queens looked up. Including the Twisted Queen, who had been distracted up until now.
The Archmages looked at each other. They saw Klbkch smile.
“Do not make foolish statements, Klbkchhezeim.”
Anand felt the air stirring. Or perhaps that was the sensation that ran across his entire body. Like electricity. The Grand Queen waited only a moment. Then she silently raised a feeler as large as Anand and pointed.
“My Prognugators. Do not kill Klbkchhezeim. The Silent Queen will oversee his repairs.”
The Sword Prognugators stirred. They did not ask questions. They simply drew their blades and spread out.
 
—-
 
Thirty plus copies of Klbkch advanced on his position. He let the Worker-type roll upwards, retrieving its blades and backing away from him. Klbkch shook his head. What was this? Honor among Antinium? He would have expected that Prognugator to stab him in the foot.
He waited. Klbkch looked around the great chamber, the Grand Queen, the watching Queens in the mirrors. And he felt quite, quite…tired. The Antinium had changed. They always changed. And not for the better.
It annoyed him. But at least he had something of old. Klbkch the Slayer retrieved his second sword. He stood there, as the other Sword Prognugators spread out around him. He looked up, towards the ceiling of soil and rock. He had fought underground almost his entire life. Fighting under the sky had been the strange part.
No one had any idea how frustrating it was to move like he did. To remember how to fight, and to be swimming in water, in sand, weighed down every second of every action. To even think slower.
“Ah, my Queen. Watch me. [Recaptured Sublimity].”
Klbkch leapt up, light as a feather. Just a hop upwards, six feet or so, as high as his ring allowed him. The Sword Prognugators, seeing the incredibly stupid move since you couldn’t dodge in midair—charged.
“What did he s—”
 
—-
 
The Slayer landed and vanished. Anand saw the first arm go flying. His head spun—faster than the confused Queens. Even so, he could barely track the blur moving across the other Prognugators.
They reacted fast, dodging the blur. But it did no good.
The [Mages] and Queens were still staring at the place Klbkch had been when he swept past the Sword Prognugators again. The other Antinium struck with their steel swords. Klbkch sundered one blade and cut another arm off at the elbow. The Prognugator went stumbling away, chest cracked. Anand hadn’t even seen Klbkch strike the chest.
“What’s happening? Is that a Skill?”
The Grand Queen saw the Antinium dashing about, abandoning the neat arena as Klbkch pursued them. Two of her Sword Prognugators lashed out at the blur, using a Skill. Their blades turned into a wall of slashing attacks. Klbkch battered the swords down, breaking the Skill and kicked both off their feet.
It was a slaughter, without deaths. Anand saw one of the Painted Workers put hands over its eyes and peek through the gaps. The other Prognugators were fast, skillful, and deadly. Klbkch outran them. He downed ten, fourteen, sixteen…
