7.39 A
Page 23
“Twenty three times…”
And counting. Klbkch saw it all in the Grand Queen’s mind, a neat, organized system in her Hive. This was her great project, what she had worked on over a decade.
Victory by numbers. Victory, so that they might take back Izril. When Klbkch returned to the Grand Queen, he looked up at her. Respectfully. He did not agree with all of her tactics. But he saw.
“So you see, my Slayer. I have not been lax.”
“I still believe we must return to Rhir sooner than war with Izril will allow, my Queen. Also…I do not know if war is the most expedient outcome.”
Klbkch thought of Liscor. Of Erin. Of…R—of the Free Antinium’s relationship with the city. The Grand Queen dismissed his concerns.
“Klbkchhezeim. You will soon see that I am right. Visit the other Hives. The other Queens petition me for your presence. But you will see—we are ready for war. This time we will win.”
The Centenium looked up at the Grand Queen. He opened his mandibles, closed them. He saw more of her now. Understood more of her now. But Klbkch—was still Klbkch.
“My Queen, I disagree. Allow me to make counterarguments.”
They stared at each other. The harmonious mental link snarled. They had never gotten on perfectly. Some Antinium were like that. A shame they were the last ones.
 
—-
 
That night, the Free Antinium slept in the Grand Hive. They had been allotted a barracks when the Grand Queen stopped communing fully with Klbkch.
She had to give the order; the Sword Prognugators executed it. They found the barracks, provided Anand and the others with sustenance, and promptly returned to guard-duty. It was strange. They were quite efficient. Just…uncomprehending of Anand’s role.
The [Strategist] had tried explaining it, for an hour, but the Sword Prognugators had eventually dubbed him a ‘Prognugator-status Antinium who is not a Prognugator’ and left it at that.
The Painted Antinium didn’t fit in the Grand Hive. When they had walked through the tunnels, the other Antinium had stopped and stared at them, like they had with the first Painted Antinium in the Free Hive. Anand wondered if this was how Pawn had felt.
If so, Pawn had been confused and lost all the time. Anand regretted his dismissal of Pawn’s worth. Now—he sat in the hollowed out, dirt cubicle and tried to sleep.
…He failed. It wasn’t that the dirt cubicle wasn’t nice. It was! In fact, the soft earth of the Hivelands had a softer, more plush feel to it. Warmer, too. It was just…just…
 
—-
 
Klbkch was frustrated after the conversation with the Grand Queen. After his shock about her grand designs, he had entered in a familiar argument with her. He placed far more value on the Individuals of the Free Antinium, despite his own reservations, than she did. She was completely uninterested in the potential of Anand.
A [Strategist]! And her strategic sensibilities clashed with Klbkch’s. She disagreed about making Liscor an ally…
Frustrating. And hopeful. It had been an eventful day, nonetheless. Klbkch was preparing to sleep in a separate area reserved for Prognugators when he sensed…something. He clacked his mandibles, irritably, but after a moment, he strode through the Grand Queen’s Hive.
“What are you doing?”
Klbkch strode into the barracks where the Free Antinium was housed. He saw the entire room flinch. Antinium, resting in their cubicles, looked at him.
“Revalantor Klbkch—”
“Why are you not all asleep?”
Klbkch had sensed that they were all awake, instead of resting. The Free Antinium shifted. Of course, they should be asleep. It was just…
