7.39 A
Page 27
She handed him…a helmet? Klbkch put it on and saw the Silent Queen clumsily putting on a huge version of his helmet. It was just…tinted glass? Or some gemstone. Klbkch could barely see anything. But why—
When the Silent Queen opened the doors to show him her project, Klbkch saw light. Light, that was so bright despite the dimming helmet. He stared at the glowing Antinium, the clear bubbles of light on its shell emitting the light.
“Silent Queen. What is this?”
The Silent Queen was pleased with his surprise. She spoke and explained mentally at the same time as the Antinium within raised its head to look at them.
“This is my answer, Klbkchhezeim. Long have I observed that my elite warriors caused the most damage out of any Hive. Yet they were so few in number—they still cannot be mass-created. So, in order to defeat our enemies, I have experimented further with my breakthroughs in regards to changing our shell-patterns. And I have concluded that other species are weak to optical effects.”
Like the camouflaging Silent Antinium, which even anti-invisibility spells couldn’t pick up. Klbkch nodded slowly. This…was the opposite.
“You intend to blind them.”
Her pleasure increased at his comprehension.
“I based my designs on Sii.”
The Glorious. One of the Centenium. Klbkch felt a flash of—
“I see. This is just one kind of light.”
“And while it shines, my Antinium will attack the blinded enemy. They will switch to a different modality to fight. There are other functions as well. Flash pattern.”
The Silent Queen ordered the Antinium within. The light began to flicker, on, off, changing colors.
A strobe effect. It made Klbkch vaguely nauseous, and it was certainly distracting. The Antinium performed the dazzling effects for a minute, and then had to rest.
“The design needs work and they will be very costly to create. But Klbkchhezeim—I would be pleased to give you access to my Infiltrators and this new Antinium. The Free Antinium would benefit from working with the Silent Hive.”
The Silent Queen fawned over Klbkch. And the Centenium looked up at her.
“Silent Queen…we are on the same side, all of us.”
She did not waver as she peered down eagerly at him.
“Yes, Klbkchhezeim. But we are not in harmony. Let us speak further…”
 
—-
 
Once again, Anand found himself alone while Klbkch worked. At least the Silent Queen was far more interested in the Painted Antinium than the Grand Queen had been.
“I am Zai.”
The Silent Antinium’s Prognugator was female. A curious design change—but Anand understood from the Infiltrator-Prognugators that the Silent Queen had made had that distinction.
“Hello, Zai. I am Anand. It is very nice to meet you. What is the Silent Queen’s will?”
Like the Sword Prognugators, Zai visibly hesitated at Anand’s response. She studied one of her scythe-arms and Anand retracted his handshake attempt.
“Painted Antinium are to be tested. Measurements collected.”
The Prognugator ordered several Workers to laboriously take notes. Anand found himself and all of the Antinium—regular and not—sectioned into a series of tests. They had to do sprints to see what the effect of their levels or Individuality made on their speed, lift objects, give their exact levels and Skills—and Zai recorded all of it for the Silent Queen.
“So…so…what do the Silent Antinium do?”
“Do? Incomprehensible. The Hive creates. Fights. Obtains the Silent Queen’s resources.”
