7.39 A
Page 3
And innovated upon. Xrn had enchanted these barricades. She was no master-enchanter; Belgrade didn’t understand the nuances of her class, but a [Thaumaturge] had interesting abilities. She had magic for every situation, but she was a poor specialist. Even so. Enchanted barriers meant that the Antinium had taken and held over forty tunnels within the dungeon, despite monster attacks and the dungeon attempting to retake the areas adventurers and Antinium held.
But the dungeon, which Belgrade regarded as a faceless, numberless foe, had failed. Due to the Antinium’s strategic fortifications as well as—
Xrn. A flash of light lit up the tunnel she’d gone down. Belgrade didn’t need to watch her. He’d seen her destroying entire hallways with her magic before. Unlike Klbkch, she was and had remained at the height of her strength.
Useful. More useful than Klbkch, especially in personality.
Belgrade did not say that part aloud. But his opinion of his former boss had changed as well. Belgrade liked Xrn.
Pawn liked Xrn.
Yellow Splatters liked Xrn. Purple Smiles loved Xrn. Xrn loved Chesacre and Thaina, whom she often employed as bodyguards on her dungeon battles. The feeling was mutual, as Belgrade understood it.
The Small Queen had brought many changes to the Free Antinium. She was conducting an aggressive expansion into the dungeon, forcing the other Antinium to adapt and mix tactics. Also: trying to safely level all of the Painted Antinium and create more.
She was the one behind the increased budgets for Pawn’s barracks. Enchanting Belgrade’s fortifications—even authorizing personal artifacts from the Antinium treasuries for Belgrade, like his bag of holding, for instance. Xrn was munificent, kind…
But there was one odd thing about her.
“Tactician Belgrade. Xrn is requesting an update. Your status?”
Belgrade got the request from a Silent Antinium, Xeu herself, after fifteen minutes. He nearly fell off the 3rd barricade in the tunnel he was commanding from.
The Silent Antinium’s Prognugator was the only one of them that talked. Same with Pivr; the other Antinium were in theory, capable of speech, but Belgrade had never heard them saying one word. They, like Workers and Soldiers, simply obeyed.
Xeu was also quiet. She waited, half invisible in the gloom; she had only appeared to speak to him. Belgrade caught himself before he could fall and replied.
“I—I am well, Xeu.”
The Silent Antinium had two scythe-arms rather than manipulable arms. She was meant for only one purpose; regular Workers had to even help her eat. But the blades were sharper than regular steel. She rubbed them together now, making a silky sound. She seemed…puzzled.
“Well? Clarify.”
The [Tactician] looked around and scratched at his head, copying an Erin-gesture.
“We have…engaged on fifteen fronts since Xrn’s advance.”
“I will tell Xrn at once.”
Xeu tensed and prepared for her lightning-fast scuttles the way she’d come. Belgrade held up three of his four hands.
“No! They were minor battles. I took care of them. Two casualties. Unavoidable, regrettably. I am just overseeing the movement of barricades to cover Xrn’s advance. And collecting more traps. Oh—and I requested reinforcements. Another archer-squad is en route to supplement our forces along Hallway E11.”
The Silent Antinium regarded Belgrade without apparent emotion aside from her rubbing scythe-arms.
“What order was given?”
“Excuse me? None. I have done this on my own authority.”
The [Tactician] looked blankly at Xeu. The Prognugator opened and closed her mandibles a few times.
“I will inform Xrn.”
