7.39 A
Page 15
But Klbkch should have taken your average [Bladesman] to pieces. Even before his rebirth, he had been the 4th best [Guard] in the Watch despite his Worker’s body simply by virtue of his talent, regardless of Skills. Experience made him the deadly warrior he was.
However. Klbkch’s graceful sword arcs, the instinctual parrying, ability to use two swords at once without looking like an idiot—the other Prognugator had all of it. In fact—he fought exactly like Klbkch.
“It is a copy.”
Anand stared at the Grand Hive’s Prognugator. And he realized the Grand Queen hadn’t been hyperbolic. When she said her Prognugators were as good as Klbkch—she meant they literally were. She had copied more than just his look.
“How is that possible?”
The sentiment seemed to be echoed among the Queens as well. It was the Silent Queen who replied.
“When Klbkch died, we performed the rite of Anastases. His deaths during the first war resulted in our capture of his information. The Grand Queen’s distillation of his fighting abilities is…adept. Of course. We observed the competence of her Prognugators. I did not realize it was so—complete.”
The disturbed tone in her voice was audible even to Anand. The [Strategist] watched, practically vibrating.
“Inconceivable. If the Centenium were so easy to copy, we would have done so. There has to be more to Klbkch. Has he died again?”
The Flying Queen shifted nervously. But—their chatter was background.
Klbkch stepped around the other Prognugator in a slow dance of blades. Aside from his first cut, he didn’t take another. The shorter Antinium tried twice, using the [Extend Blade] Skill. But both times Klbkch saw one of the four blades coming at him and knocked it away or just dodged.
He only had one Skill, Anand realized. One active Skill, at any rate. Meanwhile, Klbkch had several. And…
Klbkch tossed one of his swords at the other Prognugator. The Antinium knocked it down with one dagger, but the motion caught it off-guard. Klbkch brought his second blade down in a two-handed arc.
The Worker-Prognugator blocked with two swords. With the other, it stabbed at Klbkch’s stomach. But the dagger was out of reach. And Klbkch lifted the sword up and brought it down.
A clash of blades. The Grand Hive’s Prognugator stumbled as its own twin swords glanced off its chitin. Klbkch slid left—caught a dagger with his free hand and swept a leg.
Down the Prognugator went, onto the Worker’s rounded shell of the back. Instantly, the Antinium tried to roll back upwards. Klbkch calmly planted his sword’s tip into the Sword Prognugator’s chest, as Anand was now classifying them.
The Sword Prognugator froze. The Queens murmured.
“We see your abilities have not declined in your absence, Klbkchhezeim.”
The Grand Queen was clearly displeased. And doubly so because it was evident that Klbkch hadn’t used one of his Skills. Still—it had been uncomfortably even compared to what Anand had expected.
To the other Queens as well. They regarded the thirty-plus Sword Prognugators with new respect. Copies of Klbkch. And he had fought the Worker-variant.
“One good [Flame Pillar] spell would eliminate the lot.”
“But with artifacts…”
“Be silent, you two.”
Feor ordered Viltach and Nailihuaile as they analyzed the combat abilities on display with an expert [Spellsword]. They were ranking the combat prowess of the Sword Prognugators as high-silver on sheer talent; Gold with artifacts. Not a pleasant thought.
But more was yet to come. Klbkch looked at the Grand Queen.
