7.39 A
Page 1
“How did she make that? I never figured out how! I barely did bagels!”
“It has some powdered sugar too. We worked hard on it.”
Palt looked proud. Imani held out the croissant, but Dekass wasn’t as interested as Tersk and Belgrade.
“Intriguing. If we do not need to pay for it, I will consume some after the fries.”
A fact Erin had observed about Dekass was that the Prognugator liked finishing each plate first. Down to the scraps. Only then would he eat from the second plate. He reached for a fry—and Imani tugged the plate out of the way.
“Try this. Palt and I worked hard on it.”
Dekass stared at Imani. Erin’s jaw dropped.
“I am eating that.”
“Try my new food. It’s a croissant.”
“I do not wish to. Give me my order of food.”
Imani lifted Dekass’ plate out of the way.
“Try my food or you won’t get your fries. And tell me what you think.”
The Antinium looked at each other and Dekass opened and closed his mandibles a few times. Erin felt the need to rub her eyes.
“Is…is that Imani?”
“Mhm. She can be surprisingly stubborn. You wouldn’t know it, but she’s been feeling better of late.”
Palt had some powdered sugar around his mouth. Erin blinked at him.
“Hey. How do you make powdered sugar?”
“You…grind sugar.”
“Oh.”
The Antinium tried the croissant. It went down as well as you could expect—which was very well. They began gobbling it, without fear of gluten. Xrn had given them all her special anti-food poisoning charm on a wooden amulet.
“So? What did you think? Is it too dry for Antinium palates? I noticed you don’t make as much saliva as other species.”
“I would like my fries. And I must now excrete excess nutrition.”
Dekass waved a feeler as the other two lethargic Antinium realized they had to provide feedback to the Imani-survey.
The point, to Erin at least, wasn’t that Imani was actually the kind of person who insisted you fill out the survey with your thoughts. Or that she was actually observant and pushy. Or that you could make powdered sugar out of…sugar.
The point was that Tersk and Dekass had regularly shown up every single day, eating food. Erin peered at Dekass as he waddled out of the inn.
“You know, I thought they’d be different. But they’re just…normal.”
She was aware the two Antinium were different. Not many people were, but Zevara’s fit over the other types of Antinium appearing in her city during the confrontation with Magnolia had been legendary. Ultimately, Erin hadn’t heard much because whatever was happening was going on with the high commands of cities, Liscor’s Council—bigwig stuff as she termed it.
The strange thing to Erin was how the other Prognugators and Antinium that Xrn had brought to Liscor had behaved. It had been weeks now. And Tersk and Dekass showed up like clockwork, ate like machines, and left. But…that was it.
“What do you think they’re doing all day when they’re not eating?”
Erin looked at Palt. The Centaur shrugged as Imani wrote down some notes and came back. Erin stared at Tersk. The Antinium looked content, bloated, and was casually talking with Belgrade. He was, in fact…not doing much of anything. And that was strange.
But only because it had been so long that Erin had forgotten what Antinium had been like.
 
—-
 
The Antinium was standing when Xrn found her. It was difficult, even with her mental connection to pinpoint the Silent Antinium; she had blended so seamlessly with the dark loam of the barracks that she was practically invisible.
“Xeu. I require your presence.”
