7.39 A
Page 45
Klbkch paused. Then he smoothly spoke in his head. Their thoughts flickered back and forth, infinitesimally faster than speech and carrying far more nuance, emotion, information.
(The other Queens were not adept at mental signals.)
(That is them. The Twisted Queen and this one are in synchronization. What one knows, the other too. It is more efficient.)
Klbkch sensed the Twisted Queen working, checking on her experiments. And she was behaving like a Queen. For all her Hive seemed in disrepair, there was food, supplies, organization—it was just that she had created so many flawed creations that wandered the corridors.
(But difficult. Wrymvr, I will be straightforward.)
(There is no other way to be.)
A buffet, mental and physical. The Centenium rebuffed Klbkch. Why be anything less than straightforward? They were Antinium.
Unlike Xrn, completely. She had adopted the other species’ modes of communication. But Wrymvr hadn’t changed, for all his body had. Klbkch staggered. Kicked at Wrymvr.
“Stop that.”
(You have changed.)
(I have not.)
Klbkch felt another sending. Wrymvr disagreed. And he had memories to prove it. He sent-showed Klbkch an Antinium arguing with the other Queens, refusing to bend. That Klbkch was…stiff. Unbending. He would have never kicked Wrymvr.
It was hard to argue with someone mentally. Which was why it didn’t happen. One side could prove it was right empirically. Klbkch had forgotten how he’d missed this. He opened up. And the thoughts flowed faster.
(Wrymvr, I acknowledge the Twisted Queen’s ruse. Because Centenium command Queens.)
That had been the point. Wrymvr acknowledged Klbkch’s hypothesis and it cleared that up. Klbkch went on.
(These experiments…)
(Innovations. The Twisted Queen seeks most combative-efficient-new forms. The other Queens disapprove because some are aberration-disturbing. Is it incorrect?)
Along with the thoughts, he sent more images and Klbkch understood. The spire of minds outside was a formidable attack weapon. Not only could it sense anything with a mind, including invisible foes, it was a proto-Prognugator that could order nearby Antinium to attack. Exploding Workers, those attack-bugs…they were all weapons.
What was wrong with that? The Twisted Queen was doing what all queens did. Creating weapons to assail the enemy.
But they screamed. Wrymvr reacted to Klbkch’s emotion.
(Anand? Curious. Emotion. You did not care.)
(Not until recently. But the Painted Antinium are based on their feelings. I met a Human.)
(Strange Human. Reminds this one much of Galuc, of Mirrex. And Xrn.)
Wrymvr downloaded a wealth of experiences, but that was his only comment. Klbkch nodded.
(She is special. Wrymvr. Why did Xrn call you insane?)
Humor. The Centenium fluttered his wings and sent another image.
Broken Soldiers, parts of their bodies showing the same holes as the Twisted Queen’s forms. Fighting—dying—but their bodies weren’t regular chitin. They were…
“Creler armor?”
Even Antinium had failed to synthesize working versions of the armor. But the Twisted Queen had tried. She had created Antinium with even tougher armor—but hidden toxins and acids and parts of the armor had consumed her Soldiers. And Creler eggs in her material had caused an outbreak.
Xrn had condemned the suffering. But despite it being a failure, the Twisted Queen had tried countless times. Xrn and Wrymvr had disagreed—the Centenium transmitted a flash of pain. Xrn’s disagreement had come with magic.
(Xrn was made to love and grieve. We were not.)
(True enough.)
