7.40 ER
Page 6
The blind man nodded. It was a tricky problem.
“I see. I’ll consider it, Wiskeria, but happily, a more expedient solution may have presented itself. I think…we have an adventuring team.”
“Really?”
Wiskeria’s eyes widened. Laken nodded with a smile. At last. He’d put out that ‘adventurers-wanted’ notice a long time ago and someone had only answered now. Of course he’d known it was a long shot. But he couldn’t pay Gold-rank teams the retainer they would want—or rather, he didn’t want to.
And he wanted a group that would take an offer like the one he had made. Especially the part about Goblins.
 
—-
 
Griffon Hunt surveyed Riverfarm, the Unseen Empire, the location of the first [Emperor] on Izril in living memory’s abode…with dismay.
“An [Emperor] lives here? It’s a nice enough town—looks like it needs a lot more paint—but…seriously?”
Revi looked at the wooden houses with dismay. Riverfarm was just now building out of quarried stone, but the first influx of people had demanded quick housing. They were good buildings, made by professionals, but paint hadn’t been high on the list of priorities so color was being added only now.
“We knew it was a risk. But if this is a hoax, I’m going to hit someone with my axe. Don’t copy mommy, Cade.”
Briganda jiggled Cade and he sleepily protested. Halrac said nothing as Typhenous enhanced his eyesight to peer at the village.
“First impressions often betray, Revi. I suggest we be polite.”
“I wasn’t going to be rude.”
“Ah, then you’ll keep quiet while we introduce ourselves?”
The [Summoner] reached over to punch the old [Mage] and nearly fell out of her saddle. The [Marksman] just stared at the village.
“Goblins. An [Emperor]. No wonder no team even considered the mission.”
The other three Gold-ranks nodded. Who would accept something like that?
 
Payment is minimal per week and may be negotiated, but a share of any treasure recovered will be awarded to the team. Food and lodging will be provided for free, as will most mundane supplies.
 
Minimal per week was not appealing. Negotiation was not appealing to most teams. What was peculiar was ‘a share of any treasure recovered’. That sounded confident.
It also sounded like bull’s crap used to entice a gullible team. The proclamation had carried all the warning signs. However, Halrac had accepted it on a hunch.
Because it mentioned Goblins. Also, because it related to his home. And his team had come with him.
At least the visit justified itself partly the moment Halrac rode into the village. They had given their names to the four [Riders] who’d somehow known they were coming. Now—Halrac heard a roar, a bellowing voice.
“Halrac, my lad!”
“Master Helm?”
The [Scout]’s dark expression cleared. He saw a huge [Blacksmith] loping at him. Master Helm grabbed Halrac up in a huge hug as the man slid from his saddle.
“Halrac! I knew you’d find us! Dead gods, lad, but you haven’t changed! And you brought your team? His Majesty will be delighted! I would have reached out to you, but I thought you were in Liscor!”
“Master Helm! I went to Windrest, but no one was there. I thought—”
Halrac gasped for breath; Helm was middle-aged, but he was a [Blacksmith] and felt stronger than the last time they’d met.
“They’re alive. Most of them. Old Kessy bit it with the Goblin raids. A bastard put an arrow in her—and we’ve lost a few. But Eldrim’s alive, and so is Turc—he’s married now. And Talaya wrote that she was fine—”
Revi saw Halrac’s face change at the last name. But the [Scout] composed himself. He opened his mouth—
