7.40 ER
Page 13
Typhenous was preparing his spell. The [Mage] took his time, partly to show off, partly to gather his mana for the most efficiency. He could cast faster—but he was an expert. He didn’t rush. And when he cast the spell, the first huge ball of magic sailed with pinpoint accuracy down the tunnel.
“[Valmira’s Comet]!”
The first explosion chewed out a huge amount of dirt and caved in part of the tunnel. Halrac shot an arrow and blasted the hole deeper. Typhenous conjured another comet; he had a ten second delay. Revi stared into the hole. Smoke, dirt, dust, was clearing.
“I don’t see them. They had to have felt that. Maybe—”
Movement. Glowing bodies swarmed out of the dirt. Revi yelped.
“Never mind! Here they come! Crelers!”
The watching warriors reacted to her shout. The half-Troll girl swung a huge club up—but she never got the chance to strike.
“Typhenous.”
“[Speed Spell – Valmira’s Comet].”
Typhenous fast-cast the next comet. The first wave of Crelers disappeared in a flash. And on the heels of the detonation, Halrac fired an arrow.
Fiery oblivion followed the spell. The Crelers ran into both explosions. And the ones surviving, before they could even register both detonations—heard a voice.
“[Double Shot].”
Halrac the Grim aimed his enchanted bow into the hole, into the nest, and shot two enchanted arrows. His control of the Skill meant that he could fire them one slightly after the other. They hit the nest and detonated.
Typhenous threw another comet. Halrac drew an enchanted arrow and waited. The Crelers, massed together, with only one fast way upwards, had no chance.
Griffon Hunt took them apart at range. Only a few got past the explosive attacks—and that was just because Halrac stopped firing his enchanted munitions to save gold. He shot one with a regular arrow—and Revi’s summoned warriors attacked the remaining Crelers without fear.
Briganda smashed one down, hacking with her hatchet, and knocked another one away as Typhenous hurried back. And then? Well, it was just cleanup. That was surprisingly easy, thanks to the [Emperor].
 
—-
 
“Whoa. They’re so good.”
Durene watched as Griffon Hunt mopped up the stragglers. Laken was impressed too. The Gold-rank team had proven exactly why they deserved their rank.
More than raw power, they were just…smart. They had taken the Crelers down with minimum effort. They’d barely even gotten to the adventurers.
“Your Majesty, we need to make sure there’s not a single egg in the nest. We’d like to ask a [Mage] with [Sense Life] to help us, if there is one. Or a [Witch]. We could buy a scroll, but that’s more expensive.”
Halrac approached Laken. The [Emperor] inclined his head.
“Happily, Captain, I can do the work of a scroll. I sense fifteen Crelers left, not including the eggs bunched together. I will inform you of the locations—one is burrowing away at speed. Here…”
The Gold-rank team blinked as Laken casually followed one of the Crelers, which was fleeing through the dirt. Prost hurried after the [Emperor].
“Shovels! Not a one of those Crelers gets away!”
It took another hour to track down each Creler and destroy the eggs; the adventurers scorched everything in the area just to be safe. But they’d been impressed by Laken’s abilities, not just for finding the nest but the stragglers trying to hide or ambush them.
He in turn had been pleased by their abilities. So the next day, he decided to try out his true plans for them.
 
—-
 
“Investigate a cave? What are we, Silver-ranks?”
