7.40 ER
Page 17
They were making weapons. Tools. Of course, it was hard work. But some of Pyrite’s old tribe knew how to move metal.
But the Goblins would admit that making iron weapons wasn’t as fun as taking free steel stuff. And the Humans were willing to trade for the iron.
It was…subject to debate. The walls were high. There was food. They hadn’t died yet. So—maybe?
Some Goblins refused to forgive or forget. They prepared. And that was fine. But others were looking at it a different way.
They had time. Perhaps death was coming. But give a Goblin time and they might be able to build their way out of death. Enough escape routes, enough weapons—
The first Goblin baby had been born here. In the Goblinlands, a name which the Goblins liked, even if the Humans meant it as an insult. Pebblesnatch had stared at the baby which Ulvama helped deliver.
Now, on a day like any other, the Goblins were there. Working. They had gotten bored of being depressed. So some were mining for fun, a few others were working on traps, weapons.
Leafarmor was training with some of the Redfangs.
And if you looked towards the center of the Goblin…village? Settlement? Fortifications? You could see a strange Goblin, even among the rest.
She had a dirty, mangled, but slightly poofy white hat. And she was working on her latest pièce de résistance—
An oven. Forget food. First you had to make the thing that made the food! Pebblesnatch was working with bricks the Humans had traded for some iron. She was ordering a [Craftsman] Goblin around with a ladle and he was ignoring her.
The little Goblin looked up as she heard a warning horn from the walls. The other Goblins had seen someone coming. The ones in the settlement looked up, warily, but just making sure where the weapons were. They heard the horns now and then but nothing had happened.
Yet—this time, the horn was more urgent. It signaled three short blasts. That was the code for big danger.
Adventurers. Or an army. Pebblesnatch saw the Goblins moving in a frenzy. Raidpear charged out of his hammock.
When the Gold-rank adventurers moved to the edge of the no-person’s zone and stared up at the Goblin-wall—there was an army of Goblins there.
“They have the high ground. And those are some nasty fortifications. They look like Goblins. Let’s go back now, shall we?”
Revi’s voice was muffled from the six summoned warriors she was hiding behind. Briganda was warily holding her buckler, but she hadn’t drawn her axe.
Neither had Halrac. Typhenous was leaning on his staff, but he was trying to look innocent about it. The [Scout] stared up at the wall.
“Go away. Humans smell. Go bother [Emperor].”
Leafarmor shouted down at them. She didn’t recognize the Gold-rank team. But there was a susurration as some of the Goblins stared down.
The Cave Goblins didn’t recognize Halrac. Or Revi. Certainly not Briganda. Humans looked alike and if they seemed vaguely familiar…well, you couldn’t be sure.
But Typhenous? He had a cool beard. Goblins remembered beards like that. They pointed. And then—a poofy hat rose. Revi stared at it. She pointed. Halrac’s eyes widened.
“Halrac. Halrac. Isn’t that—?”
The little Goblin shouted wildly and waved. Halrac the Grim’s eyes fixed on her face. And the hat. The other Goblins stared. And then they heard a little Goblin laughing.
In delight. And the Gold-rank team…
Decided to stay for a while.
 
—-
 
