7.40 ER
Page 3
The Goblins. Their area, or the ‘Goblinlands’ as they were becoming known as, were heavily walled off. Guarded by a token force and disliked by most of Riverfarm’s population. They tolerated the Goblins as ‘his Majesty’s project’, or ‘the Emperor’s strange interests’. But they no longer slept with weapons under their beds these days.
It was a start.
“A true pity all our valuable ores and minerals just happen to be in the Goblin’s territory, your majesty.”
“Pity, Lady Rie. Who could have predicted that? Step lively. I think I found something else buried.”
Laken Godart ignored the look Prost and Rie gave each other. It was a busy day for him. He was busy, well…cheating. To improve Riverfarm.
The ability to ‘see’ in the way he could had been a blessing to Laken. A fulfillment of a wish. That was often how Skills worked; when you leveled, you got what you wanted. Or something random that tied into your class.
The [Emperor]’s senses had been impressive to begin with. Laken could spy on anything in his domain and now ascertain threat levels. But he’d had an even better thought a while back, and it was this:
If he could sense everything on his lands…what about stuff below it? That had led to a few interesting decisions. And today—
Laken Godart was cheating. Or doing something as unfair as Skills got, really. He was walking his lands and pointing out every buried object, possible dungeon, or just ores or groundwater supply for his people.
He couldn’t sense everything underground. A hundred feet was pretty much his upward limit and that was if he was standing right on top of it. Still—it was the kind of Skill any leader wanted. It was one of the reasons why he had sent for a Gold-rank team. And it did more than find a nugget of gold or something…
“Stop.”
The group halted as Laken held up an urgent hand. He had walked into the forest neighboring Riverfarm. Now his head snapped around.
“Thirty-some feet down. I think there’s a nest here. Crelers. Get me Beniar.”
Everyone leapt away from the spot Laken was pointing to. Rie’s face went pale. Prost turned to bellow—then lowered his voice to a hushed whisper.
“Go! Get Beniar!”
The City Runner gingerly walked off and then burst into a sprint. Gamel’s sword was already drawn.
“Your Majesty, we should move back now.”
“I doubt they can sense us, Gamel. They’re…growing. I sense only fourteen shapes moving. They’re…I’d bet those ones are eating. The rest are still.”
Even so, Laken backed up slowly. Prost blanched.
“Fourteen moving? How many are down there, then?”
“At least two hundred. And more eggs. It’s a hollow space—I want every [Mage] here. No—no, keep them back. Keep everyone back. Crelers sense food, don’t they?”
“Yes, sire. Demon-spawn’ll go for you. I say let’s keep well back until we burn them to ash.”
It was Ram who replied. The [Head Farmer] mopped at his forehead. Laken Godart nodded.
Thank goodness for Skills. This was just a nest of infants; in another decade there might be Juveniles, an Adult, ready to emerge and eat everything here.
“Let’s keep moving.”
The others stared at him, but the [Emperor] was walking off as Beniar galloped over to confer and plan. Laken Godart was busy using his Skill to benefit his empire. He’d located clay for [Potters], discovered a tunnel network of some kind of creature—Rock Mites, sourced alchemical plants for Wiskeria and the others—
