7.40 ER
Page 10
And he was almost certain she was the one who had ordered the attack on the Goblins and tried to kill Magnolia’s [Maid]. Ryoka had put the idea in Laken’s head, and it made sense. He was still investigating why carefully, but she hadn’t ever led him wrong, exactly.
He put that out of his mind. He wanted to know what the team’s reaction was to the Goblins. They didn’t have to like them—just tolerate them. Laken was braced for their reaction. But he was still surprised.
 
—-
 
“…and we can offer you all independent housing. Food—materials like arrows or repairs to non-enchanted gear along with the weekly stipend.”
Lady Rie finished the presentation. Halrac saw the [Emperor] sitting on his throne. He had been silent, letting the [Lady] do the talking.
She’d done a good job. It was already impressive, having a [Lady] working as the negotiator here. Halrac wasn’t underestimating any of that.
It was just—well, no matter how you dressed it up, it came down to the amount of coin. Lady Rie had placed it in a bag, to make it more impressive, but Halrac didn’t have the memory of a goldfish. And he could do basic math.
“The sum is very low per week, Lady Valerund. With respect, few Gold-rank teams would consider such an offer.”
Typhenous murmured politely. Lady Rie smiled—and Halrac let Typhenous speak as he watched Laken and the room. ‘Few’ teams was putting it lightly. Todi would have left the moment Lady Rie announced the sum. It wasn’t worth it.
However, Halrac was polite since anything less would have upset Master Helm. He had to stay here at least a few days. There was a dance to this, and the [Emperor] seemed to know it too.
“Lady Rie, my thanks. I shall speak a moment.”
“Your Majesty.”
The [Lady] bowed and the [Emperor] stepped forwards.
“Captain Halrac, you’ve been quite silent. May I know your thoughts?”
The [Scout] stirred. Revi looked at him and grimaced; he nodded at her and Briganda, who was giving him the same look. As well as an entreaty to be careful. Which he was in his reply.
“Your Majesty, your offer is…intriguing. However, I don’t believe this sum is enough for me to justify entering a contract. Frankly speaking, we cannot afford to take work that cheaply.”
Laken opened his mouth but Rie jumped in hurriedly.
“Even without needing to act as law enforcement in any major capacity, Captain? I can assure you, our Blacksky Riders can handle most [Bandits] and monsters. You would only be called upon for large-scale threats and investigation.”
That was tempting. And if Halrac had twenty more years on him, this kind of semi-retirement would be a hefty lure. But Halrac as he was now wanted success. He didn’t miss Laken’s flicker of annoyance as the [Emperor] waved the lady back.
“Captain Everam’s complaint is valid, Rie. Captain Everam, am I correct in assuming that you would require…at least four times the amount offered to consider a stay of any duration?”
“That would be correct, your Majesty.”
Five times and he’d really think about it. But the fact was that keeping a Gold-rank team was expensive, even if they just sat around. And Halrac doubted they’d do that for a rural place like Riverfarm, no matter what Rie claimed. Fighting monsters without a bounty all week wasn’t anyone’s idea of a good job.
The [Emperor] nodded. And his next question caught Halrac off-guard.
“Let’s assume you accept my offer, Captain Halrac. Do you recall my request as it pertains to Goblins? Could your team accept a Goblin presence so near Riverfarm?”
