7.40 ER
Page 0

(The Last Tide is now available for purchase! Please consider buying the comic, and thanks for making this possible!)
 
“Come here, Cade. Don’t look. Leave him alone, okay?”
The little boy toddled back towards his mother. But not without another look at the silent [Marksman]. He looked concerned, but he didn’t cry. He was his mother’s son, and Briganda had taught Cade when he needed to be quiet.
Yet there was no danger here. Not anymore. Still—Revi, Typhenous, and Briganda, the members of Griffon Hunt watched the silent [Veteran Scout], a former soldier, now a Gold-rank team captain.
Halrac Everam was known as ‘Halrac the Grim’. A title that Todi had started more in jest than actually a name like the ones Named Adventurers received.
At the same time—Halrac was a name among the Gold-rank adventurers of northern Izril. His team had been the most renowned Griffin-slaying team a while ago. But either way—the name existed because it fit.
Halrac seldom smiled. He was eternally grumpy, as Revi described him. But by the same token he seldom showed his temper.
He was angry now. But—coldly so. His team kept back as their captain stared at the small village, a hamlet resting in a windy plain.
This was his home. The boy from Windrest had returned only a few times over the years. But he had come home each time to find not much had changed, and too much.
Lost loves. Families and friends moved away. Sickness, war, monster attacks—it had all done what it could to hurt his home and he had done what he could to protect it. More than once the Silver-rank adventurer had come back, or the Gold-rank sent something.
This time, he had been too late.
Windrest was ash.
 
—-
 
“It wasn’t the Goblins who did it. It must have been the wildfires we heard about. I heard someone set them. Drakes.”
“Drakes?”
Revi twisted in her saddle, as the Gold-rank team rode away from the scorched ground and burnt remains of houses that was all that was left of Windrest. Halrac said nothing. He led the way, riding ahead, his invisible bow drawn.
He did not want company. So the others rode behind. Briganda was riding her mare while Cade sat with his legs curled around the saddle horn, solemnly playing with his Box of Wonders. The [Shield Maiden] nodded.
“Drakes. Some kind of attack in retribution for Liscor. You two know anything about that?”
Typhenous stroked at his beard, silent. Revi just shook her head.
“No. But Liscor wasn’t exactly the heart of the Drake lands. If it was Drakes…”
She glanced at Halrac’s back. Not sure what to say.
“They could be alright. Didn’t you hear that most of Windrest had gone to Riverfarm, Halrac? That place is still standing.”
Briganda called out. Halrac didn’t reply. His face was set. Not merely ‘grim’, but gaunt. Bleakly dangerous. He rode forwards. And woe to any monster he might meet. Revi hoped there were villagers at this ‘Riverfarm’.
They were nearly there. As they rode, the Gold-rank team spotted another one of the strange monuments that had puzzled Halrac. He knew his home. And the totem of wood planted near Riverfarm was…new.
It was no Goblin artifact; they didn’t do this. Perhaps a [Shaman]—but it hadn’t been magical to Revi or Typhenous. It was carved with eyes, a crown, symbols of wheat—not magic, but glyphs indicating fertility. Protection.
Another symbol of how Halrac’s home had changed. As the adventurers took to the road again, they looked ahead. And they were spotted. Halrac kept looking around, searching for an ambush, although he didn’t feel danger. He just felt like he was being watched.
 
—-
 
