7.40 ER
Page 7
And was instantly swarmed by more of Windrest’s villagers who had heard he was coming.
“Halrac’s here! Look at you! Still thin and unmarried, aren’t you?”
“You don’t [Message] us nearly enough! Fancy Gold-rank and you can’t even bother to spend a few silver on your village? You must meet his Majesty!”
“Who? I—hello, Miss Cena. I’ve been in Liscor—”
Revi and Typhenous enjoyed the sight of the stoic Halrac looking flustered as, without reservation, he was slapped on the back, hugged, and someone even tried to put him into a headlock.
“Are these your old friends, Halrac? You look relaxed.”
The [Summoner] grinned down at the Gold-rank adventurer, a local hero to his small village. Halrac gave her a glare, but Revi had reminded the villagers that they existed. The lighthearted mood turned into curiosity.
“Are you all Gold-ranks?”
A boy breathed up at Revi. She grinned, although she noted eyes on her stitching and looks of shock. Humans who’d never seen Stitchfolk before, let alone other species.
“That’s right. We’re Halrac’s team. He’s our captain.”
“Captain? You never said, lad!”
Helm was beaming like a madman. Halrac was swamped again. Briganda carefully handed Cade to Typhenous before getting down. The boy squirmed to be on the ground, wanting to run for the excited crowd. Revi and Typhenous more sedately waited for the chaos to stop.
As they understood it, Halrac’s family was dead. He had been an only child and had enlisted in the army where he had met Ulrien before becoming a Gold-rank adventurer. He didn’t speak of his home, but it was clear that they didn’t hold him in any reserve of emotion.
Master Helm seemed as proud as a father—despite having children of his own. Amid the scattered introductions, catching up and asking about the dungeon and whether Halrac had any treasure, the Gold-ranks picked up some information.
“So you all came here to serve an [Emperor]?”
Halrac looked at Master Helm in disbelief. The [Blacksmith] ran a hand over his almost completely-bald pate.
“It didn’t work exactly like that, lad. It was more of us running for our lives with that Goblin Chieftain on the rampage. Then—well—Riverfarm’s been good to us. There’ve been attacks—a Goblin Lord nearly overran us. We think it was a Goblin Lord, but his Majesty dealt with her right quick.”
Revi gave Typhenous a strained look. Goblin wasn’t the word of hatred it had used to be. Briganda on the other hand…had only met Numbtongue. But Helm’s next words made her pull an ear off to check it.
“His Majesty’s got some of them, though. In their own spot. The Goblinlands. A few hundred. Bastards have their own wall, but they’re almost civilized. We’d got used to them, which is an odd thing. But they have all the good iron, so we have to trade with them. His Majesty’s orders.”
“He has…Goblins?”
“Won’t let us kill them. It’s this entire thing, lad. Emperor Laken Godart, although it’s just Emperor Godart. I hope you’ll be respectful. He’s done right by Windrest’s folk, just you remember that. Myself as well. I’m a [Royal Blacksmith] now. Got myself a handful of new Skills, including [Perfect Temperature Control]! Won’t overheat my steel ever again!”
“You, Helm? A [Royal Smith]?”
Halrac’s eyes were almost wide. He looked around as some of the others began shouting about the things Laken had done.
“He’s got [Witches]. Good [Witches]! And he made a bee-place. Lots of bees—they stung me.”
