7.40 ER
Page 15
“We didn’t exaggerate anything.”
“…You’re lying. Halrac, that can’t be true. Hey, Halrac! Wait! Typhenous is lying again, right…?”
 
—-
 
The next spot was…interesting. It was barely outside of the village. Again, the [Emperor] had found something and he had ordered his people to dig.
“It’s about twenty more feet down, Captain Everam, sir. My people didn’t want to dig further until you got here. [Emperor]’s orders.”
Beycalt, their [Supervisor], was waiting for the Gold-rank team. Bemused, Halrac gave her the go-ahead. Revi found herself sitting on a stool, sipping on some fresh milk as the team dug towards whatever it was. She was still dirty, but this was odd adventuring.
“Alright. Last five feet. Adventurers?”
“On it. Briganda, take the lead.”
“If I start screaming, yank me up.”
The [Shield Maiden] went into the shaft, grumbling. She had her buckler ready, and took the shovel. Revi heard cursing as Briganda and one of Revi’s summoned warriors dug. They could have just sent Revi’s summons down, but the [Shield Maiden] had volunteered.
“If I don’t pull my weight, what’s the point of rejoining the team?”
She shoveled dirt up—and then Revi heard a shout.
“Dead gods!”
“Briganda?”
The digging team heaved and the Gold-rank Adventurer shot up. Briganda’s face was pale—but not with alarm.
“It’s fine! It’s—well, come and see! But watch out—the body might come back to life.”
Slowly, the dig team and adventurers descended the dug shaft and found…a little room in the ground.
It was a cube of space. A neat, bricked-off room just…sitting there in the earth. Inside of it was a number of objects. Corroded coins, a mildewed painting, chair smashed to bits—and the body.
“What is this place? Why is there just…a room in the middle of the ground?”
Beycalt was pale as the adventurers brought up the mummified body. Or rather—Revi’s summons did. The [Summoner] had a motto:
‘I don’t have to do anything.’
The corpse was a mystery. But Revi saw that it had fresh boots and a belt that was unworn despite the deterioration of all the other clothing. Enchanted gear. She didn’t touch it, of course.
“It looks like a safe room. If I had to guess—this poor soul was a [Thief], or a gentleman—or woman—with a taste for privacy. Something must have gone wrong.”
Everyone looked at Typhenous. The [Mage] explained, with his background of knowledge.
“It’s a common tactic used by er—people with a need for privacy. One simply digs a hole in the ground—it need not be this elaborate—or finds a secret spot. Hollows out stone, for instance. And then you anchor a spell such that you can teleport into the space.”
“A perfect hiding spot. I’ve heard about those. Like them fancy vaults you have to teleport into.”
Beycalt nodded, eyes wide. Revi sighed.
“Those aren’t that safe, actually. [Mages] love trying to get in. In Chandrar…but it looks like this idiot made a mistake. See?”
She showed them a few details. The room had actually been broken in one spot. The bricks removed. And the dead person had been right there, submerged in the dirt.
“My guess is that this idiot didn’t charge the teleportation spell, scroll, or whatever it was. They ran out, and were trapped underground. Then they either suffocated, starved to death, or were buried alive.”
The Humans shuddered. That was a bad death.
“But what are the odds one is just here?”
Briganda stared at the dead body—and then at the bag of holding on its side. Or rather—box of holding.
