7.40 ER
Page 18
One last thing. Ulvama, the Goblin [Shaman] didn’t hear about the Gold-rank team at first. She wasn’t going to be pleased. But she would definitely think about it and how it could benefit them. After all—she was from the Mountain City tribe. And they knew Humans.
But for the moment—she was busy. Investigating something.
The owner of the crude door had forgotten about it ages ago. And while she’d been upset about losing her precious stone—she’d given up on it because she couldn’t find it.
But the [Shaman] now…she squatted in front of the door. And her eyes gleamed crimson.
“One, two, three…”
She counted the little gems imbued with magic that the Goblins had dug up. They were tiny, fingernail-sized. She had charged them, but she wasn’t sure about how much magic they contained.
Yet she thought it might be enough.
The certainty had been growing in her. Ulvama stared at the glowing stone set in the door. Something had happened a while ago. And the weak connection had grown stronger.
Perhaps…there was only something missing. Not on her end. The [Shaman] heard the commotion and slowly stepped back from the crude door in her hut. She didn’t know if this was it.
But it was something. The crimson stone was glowing. The door was opened. She just had to wait for the right confluence of events. If it was going to happen…the [Shaman] grinned. Then she left her hut and saw a little Goblin trying to hug a scowling adventurer. Her face went blank.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Day 4, and we’ve left interlude territory. Also. The Last Tide is out! If you have money to spare, please consider purchasing it!
Not just because it gives me money, although I will admit that is a good reason for me. But because you buying the comic encourages Cloudscape to continue putting money into making the comic! It’s like…incentive!
I’m going to shout about it on Patreon, the Public chapter tomorrow, and other stuff. But if you can tell people about it—it’s a great way to enter into The Wandering Inn that doesn’t involve going through 6 million words, and it’s just great art! Everyone’s worked hard on it and I want it to sell well so more stories about Solca Vis can come out.
That’s all from me today. I’m going to feature two pieces of art today: the first The Last Tide fanart of Solca Vis, already drawn by Miguel, and Enuryn’s Creler art, with gross anatomy! Give them love and thanks for reading and making all this possible!
 
https://twitter.com/cmarguel
https://ko-fi.com/cmarguel
https://enuryn.tumblr.com/
https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
 
Solca Vis by Miguel!

 
Crelers by Enuryn!
(Full-size Version)

 

