7.40 ER
Page 16
“Eh. Consider how much time’s passed. There’re places like this everywhere. Sometimes you can’t walk two feet without tripping over a lost dungeon. Zeikhal—the Great Desert in Chandrar—has lots of that kind of stuff. It’s just finding it that drives [Treasure Hunters] crazy. But with an [Emperor]…”
The [Summoner] investigated the body—with her summons. They’d have to appraise the belt and boots and whatever was in the box of holding—but this was a haul.
And they’d made it a day into Riverfarm! She was about to celebrate—when she realized.
“Aw, damn. This is on the [Emperor]’s lands, isn’t it?”
The rest of her team sighed. But then—Emperor Laken Godart strode up.
“I take it you’ve found something. Excellent! I had hopes.”
Halrac Everam turned to Laken Godart. The [Marksman] hesitated.
“Your Majesty knew the artifacts were down there?”
He wondered if Laken was going to justify claiming it that way. But the young man waved it off.
“Not at all. I sensed something, but I didn’t want to investigate. Monsters, curses—magical traps—my people can handle some of it, but they aren’t experts. Adventurer Halrac, thank you for finding this body…”
He sniffed and coughed.
“We will look into the remains. And some of the [Witches] are quite adept at curses. When we appraise the value of the objects, I will decide what if anything, I would like to keep, rather than sell. Most objects I believe we will keep unless they are cursed. You may, of course, negotiate for your half.”
Halrac blinked.
“Our half?”
The [Emperor] smiled, though he couldn’t see Halrac’s expression.
“My request was clear. Any treasures found will be shared. It is dangerous, but since I know the locations of all these sites—anything of worth will be split. Half to the Unseen Empire—half to your team, Captain Everam. If you would claim something worth more—we can negotiate. Or bank the value against a further discovery.”
The Captain blinked at Laken Godart. And then he saw the carrot the [Emperor] was waving at last. It had been invisible to all the teams who’d looked at his request. But if you framed it that way…
Revi looked at Laken and then around at the verdant landscape. All aboveground, of course. She cocked an eyebrow.
“Your Majesty. Exactly how many ‘investigation places’ have you found on your lands?”
Laken thought about that. His expression was coy.
“Well, I do add to the number as I level and Riverfarm grows. But if you would like to investigate further—I doubt all of the spots are so bountiful. There may be quite a lot of nothing. However…if you would like to visit the third site, we can end your work by midday. Just in time for our new open-air baths to be tested. Not without purpose either; if Miss Revi would lend us some of her summoned creatures, we could put them to use—assuming they can be remotely controlled?”
Briganda whistled. Her eyes lit up and she looked around. Typhenous was stroking his beard and looking around, murmuring to Halrac. Revi just stared at the [Emperor].
It was true that Griffon Hunt could offer Laken Godart a lot. But it seemed he was more than just talk. Briganda was looking towards Riverfarm.
“Cade’s making friends, Halrac. All I’m saying…”
“If we worked for a month…even once a month, Halrac…”
The old [Mage] was staring at the boots. Halrac glanced at the find, and then at Laken Godart. He hesitated. The [Emperor] was smiling expectantly. Halrac looked around and then nodded.
“On one condition, your Majesty.”
“Oh? And what would that be?”
 
—-
 
