7.40 ER
Page 9
The [Emperor] smiled as he heard Briganda trying to hush her son. He spoke to Cade—he hadn’t been able to tell it was a boy from afar.
“Crowns are heavy, Cade. I’ll have one made when I have time for one. Maybe a circlet. Welcome, to all of you.”
Now the introductions were done, the [Emperor] hesitated. Because he wasn’t sure what the etiquette was for negotiating with Gold-rank teams. But that was why he had helpers.
“Captain Halrac, his Majesty welcomes you, as does the Unseen Empire. Let us offer you refreshments, lodging—and then perhaps after you’ve finished your reunions, we might speak about a contract with your team?”
Lady Rie swept forwards as Laken looked towards her. He let her handle the Gold-rank team, just as he’d let Prost announce and greet them. It was inconvenient, especially since Laken just wanted to get to business. But that was an [Emperor]’s dignity.
As Laken waited, he reviewed the carrots he had to offer Halrac and what he thought of the man. Halrac seemed reserved, but he could just be a serious sort. Certainly, he wasn’t brash or incautious, like Beniar had been when Laken first met him. He seemed professional, which was good. But Laken wanted to trust him if Halrac was going to benefit Riverfarm. It would be a mutually beneficial relationship if he could be trusted. But first…he had to be certain.
Helm described Halrac in glowing terms once he’d broken away from the reunions.
“He’s a proper sort. Never got arrogant, sent money back—even came back to hunt some monsters when they cropped up, your Majesty. An expert with the bow. He could always hit targets well, and that was when he just hunted, before he went to join the army. He was a team with Griffon Hunt for a long time—hunted Griffins. With dogs. Griffons. That always confused me…”
Lady Rie’s impression was more reserved.
“Griffon Hunt is no stranger to its share of troubles, your Majesty. My investigation found that they caused the Griffin Plague two years back. A terrible incident. A spell or disease they unleashed to curb a Griffin migration got out of control and thousands died. They’ve also lost members; at least three. They might be desperate, but Halrac Everam is said to be capable—he’s known as ‘Halrac the Grim’, apparently.”
Laken turned to a [Witch] for the last piece of advice. Prost, Durene, Beniar—all had opinions, but the [Emperor] wanted a unique opinion.
“Eloise?”
The old [Tea Witch] was thoughtful and took her time with her cup before replying.
“They have at least one strong artifact. An invisible bow on that Halrac’s back. And they seem honest. That boy Cade is the key, your Majesty. Did you hear him?”
“Yes. What should I have been hearing?”
The [Witch] smiled.
“His laughter. He laughed, talked—even to you, your Majesty. If he had cried, or been sullen or quiet or afraid—that would have spoken more about the team than anything else. A poor team would not bring a child with them, or treat the boy well.”
The [Emperor] smiled and nodded to her.
“Wise words, Eloise. You’re correct. Send them in. They’re the only team that’s come, anyways. I’ll test them on the Goblins and then see if they’re willing to demonstrate their abilities. If they are—we’ll see.”
“Your Majesty, the issue of Goblins shouldn’t be a sticking point. Let’s entice them first—”
Lady Rie’s voice was pained, but Laken held up a hand, silencing her. He valued Rie’s opinion. As she had said—better the snake you knew than the one you didn’t.
