7.40 ER
Page 4
And now this. Laken was proud of using his ability in this way. It was a good idea. And best of all—it had come from him. Not all of the moves which had propelled Riverfarm further had. Master Helm’s new class, for instance, had attracted a slew of expert-artisans who wanted a new improvement on their class. Laken hadn’t known you could do that. Until someone had told him.
Now, Riverfarm had wealth. It had land. And despite the wildfires which had nearly consumed the growing town—it had kept growing. The village that had been Riverfarm wasn’t a city—yet. But it was most definitely a town. And the domain of the Unseen Empire now included a number of towns and villages.
 
—-
 
The streets ran with milk and honey. Someone had collided the wagon with the valuable sweet from the beehives. Laken Godart, on his return trip to Riverfarm, was greeted by the [Beekeeper] who was under arrest.
Mostly to protect the inept [Driver] from being murdered by the angry bee-expert, whose valuable work had been ruined.
“Damn. Is there anyone who can retrieve the honey without scooping up the dirt? Mistress Ezerre?”
Laken Godart had been looking forwards to the honey, which was a valuable trade crop. Miserably, the [Beekeeper] shook her head.
“Not that I have, your Majesty.”
“I’ll investigate at once. This is too much gold to be lost!”
Rie hurried off. The [Driver] was speaking to Prost; the [Steward] was handling the discipline. Laken Godart sighed.
“Maybe a [Mage] could…siphon it up? And we could strain it…someone get Wiskeria? Or Eloise, Hedag? Nannette? Not Mavika.”
“Honey! Who spilled all of this? Dead gods!”
A voice cried out in dismay. Laken turned, hearing the booming voice. He smiled.
“Durene!”
“Laken! It’s a disaster! Look at all this honey! And the bees!”
Durene walked around the honey spill, ignoring the bees that were sending everyone else running for cover. She was panting.
“I just got back. Just—did the first leg of the delivery. That salt…was sort of heavy. But it helped the horses.”
“How far did you go?”
To the [Emperor], Durene was just standing there. But everyone else could see the sweat staining the half-Troll girl’s tunic. Durene wiped her cracked, grey skin.
“Thirty miles.”
“You dragged a wagon thirty miles?”
“Yup. I’m building muscle. Like those Humans and Drakes.”
The [Emperor] laughed.
“Durene, we could buy you a weights set! I have one on order already, in fact!”
The [Paladin] shrugged, abashed.
“Yeah, well…they look light, those weights. And it’s not like we need to waste money on me. Hey, I heard we have Crelers? Let me get my shield and club and I’ll help smash them.”
She strode past Laken before he could object. And there went the Emperor’s consort. Durene the [Paladin]. People talked about her more than the Goblins, actually. But no longer in the same terms as before. They might dislike her—but Durene was mostly over it. And of late—
The former farm-girl had found a purpose. And a mentor. When she walked these days, some people walked wide of her. For Durene patrolled Riverfarm by night with the woman who had taken her under her wing.
Hedag. And no child but called for help in Riverfarm without Hedag being there a moment later. The merry [Witch] appeared now, with her classic, booming laugh.
“What a spill! But let’s not fret. Something of this sort can be mended quick as crying over it! Just give me a moment, Emperor—Agratha!”
She bellowed a name and a [Witch] with a little red pointed hat hurried over.
“Witch Hedag, please don’t shout!”
