7.40 ER
Page 14
The next day, Revi was annoyed by the order, but she just liked to complain. Really, she was intrigued. The [Emperor] had known about the nest.
But this? It was just a cave.
“His Majesty needs adventurers to investigate anomalies on his lands. Ensure everything is safe. He could use [Soldiers] or others of course, but he believes Gold-ranks are the most capable of handling any eventuality. This would be the bulk of your duties.”
The [Steward], Prost, informed the Gold-rank team. Cade was safely in the village, playing with some of the children. Briganda raised her eyebrows.
“It’s not the worst. Just dirty work.”
“We do have some open-air baths. Upon your return. There are three spots his Majesty would like you to investigate.”
“I see. Well, we can look into this cave, Mister Prost. I’d advise you to return to the village in case we do find something and need to retreat.”
Halrac’s tone was dry, businesslike. The [Steward] nodded.
“Once you finish, our resident City Runner can direct you to me or the next location.”
He indicated the young man waiting at the cave. Revi raised her eyebrow.
“You have a City Runner on call? What about that Centauress?”
“Ah, Miss Charlay. She’s a valued guest.”
With how much she’d been drinking and eating, she had better be. Well, if the [Emperor] was trying to impress Griffon Hunt with his generosity, it still wouldn’t work. Griffon Hunt saw the [Steward] off and then investigated the cave.
“Halrac, this place is weird. I don’t have anything against the [Emperor]…much. But [Witches]? His ability to see underground?”
“I know. Master Helm had nothing bad to say about him, though. Keep quiet—”
The team moved forwards. Only when it was safe to whisper again did Revi grin.
“That was worth the trip at least, to hear someone calling you ‘lad’.”
Briganda snorted. Halrac ignored them as he led the way. The [Scout] was working. Typhenous was next—because he was actually quite deadly with his dagger—followed by Revi, their weak link in an ambush. Briganda brought up the rear, keeping watchful. The Gold-rank team investigated the cave, which stretched deeper, deeper…an area hollowed out by water over millennia…
 
—-
 
They found nothing. Well, in point of fact the adventurers found several monster-animals, including a really aggravated Rock Slime and some Rockmites, and a bug-thing that tried to take a chunk out of Revi’s leg.
Nothing threatening or really dangerous. Sometimes a cave was just a cave. Actually…most caves were like that, devoid of grand adventures and containing just a few critters and dirt.
“Well, that was fun. Do this all day? Why don’t we just sign up?”
Revi walked out of the cave, brushing cobwebs out of her hair. Halrac shook his head.
“If we were paid like this every week, I might think about it, Revi, so long as we could go on other adventures and bounties as they came up. That [Emperor] seems confident we’ll stay, though.”
“Yeah. About the Goblins…do you believe him?”
Halrac looked at Typhenous. Revi bit her lip.
“What if he’s…using them for something? Like, I dunno, target practice?”
“We’re not about to cause an incident, Revi. We’re not the Horns. Or the Silver Swords.”
“I know that. But maybe…we should look into it?”
“You’re that worried about Goblins? Look, I know you went to that inn, but how much did being in Liscor change you all? Did you all hit your heads? Or did someone replace Revi’s brain?”
Briganda stared at her teammates, askance. Typhenous wiped at his beard.
“Remember all the stories we imparted to you, Briganda? Consider that we didn’t use hyperbole once.”
“Hyper-what?”
