7.40 ER
Page 12
A small army surrounded the place where the nest apparently existed. What fascinated Revi was the fact that no one had seen the Crelers.
“Wait, it’s buried thirty feet down and you just ‘know’ that?”
She looked skeptically at the Silver-rank [Cataphract], Beniar, as the rest of her team watched the dig site. Some volunteer [Diggers], including the half-Troll girl who was apparently the [Emperor]’s wife—were digging very gingerly, ready to run at any time.
“His Majesty said so, so it has to be true, Miss Revi. He knows everything that happens on his lands.”
Beniar gave Revi a smile. She just stared at him as if he were insane. Which he might be. Silver-ranks.
“This is one weird place, Halrac. Do we have to do a week? A week of fighting monsters?”
“If it’s troublesome, we’ll politely leave after three days. It’s etiquette, Revi. We don’t need to offend a [Lady], much less an [Emperor]. Now, get ready.”
“Adventurer Everam, what’s your plan for taking out the Crelers?”
Beniar rode over to Halrac. The [Marksman] was checking his bow; he had an arrow nocked. Typhenous was leaning on his staff as Briganda flanked him. Four of Revi’s glowing Stitch-Warriors were waiting.
It was a defensive line, ready to fall back. More [Soldiers], a trio of [Witches] including a weird one with a bird-like look about her, and Beniar’s riders were all waiting behind the adventurers. Halrac looked up.
“You said there’s a nest of about two hundred?”
“Yes. And more eggs.”
“Then we’ll launch the first attack if they’re not woken up. Dig twenty feet close; any closer and they’ll go for you. Typhenous and I will attack while Revi and Briganda cover us. If we fall back, we’ll all be fighting.”
Beniar nodded uncertainly. He gave the Gold-rank teams a dubious look. After a second, Beniar coughed.
“We could flood the hole. Divert the river; it wouldn’t take more than an hour or two…”
Revi saw Halrac adjust his grip on the arrow. She sighed. Silver-ranks. They thought they knew it all. She gave Beniar a fake smile.
“Crelers swim. We can handle it.”
“Hole’s done! We got about fifteen feet away. I think I hear them. Or maybe that’s just the dirt. What do we do, Beniar?”
A low rumble came from Durene. The other [Diggers] had hopped out and retreated past the defense line. The hole was encircled.
“Leave it to us. Typhenous—get ready.”
“If there is even a nest.”
Revi grumbled. She doubted this ‘[Emperor]’. Beniar watched as Griffon Hunt approached. He was clearly uncertain.
He needn’t have been. Two hundred Crelers was a lot. But they were apparently babies. And most crucially—
The adventurers had time to prepare. There was a motto among some teams that, with enough time, they could kill anything.
It was ambushes, crisis situations, where they fell apart and got in trouble. Since that wasn’t the case like with the Horns—Griffon Hunt had picked their fight and they knew their strengths.
“Do it, Typhenous. Revi—”
“Prepared to intercept. Just get back, Typhenous. Briganda?”
“Ready. I just better not get bit. I hate Creler venom.”
Halrac nodded. He had an arrow with a glowing tip aimed down at the hole. Apparently, the sloping tunnel would lead right to the nest. Laken had given the [Diggers] specific instructions; he was waiting from far behind the army. Now, he pulled back, not all the way—just waiting.
The outline of the invisi-bow as Revi had been taken to calling it to annoy Halrac shone in the setting sun. But the real light came from the staff.
