7.40 ER
Page 8
“His Majesty can see everything! I’ve got one of the totems in my room, for protection. Did you see them? He can see everything, including bandits! Durene and Beniar smashed a group that came into our lands last week! They never saw us coming!”
“Halrac! Halrac, is that an invisible bow? Can I shoot it? Huh?”
The [Scout] was letting the father pry his daughter off Halrac’s back as he guarded his enchanted arrows when someone shouted.
“His Majesty, Laken Godart of Riverfarm!”
And everyone went silent. Halrac Everam, Revi Cotton, Typhenous, and Briganda Rishaw all turned to see the blind man walking towards them, followed by a [Lady], a half-Troll girl, a former [Farmer], and a gaggle of people. They stared at him. At Durene.
Then Bismarck plodded past with Frostwing on his back. He was lapping at the milk on the ground. Halrac stared at the Mossbear.
A problematic fact about Bismarck? Laken had tried, but the Mossbear still wasn’t housebroken. He pooed everywhere.
 
—-
 
Laken Godart walked away from Bismarck’s pile of…well, suffice it to say he walked upwind to greet the Gold-rank team. He was impressed that they seemed to take Bismarck, Frostwing, even Durene and the chaos in stride.
“Your…Majesty? My name is Halrac Everam. Captain of Griffon Hunt. We’re here about your request.”
“Captain Everam. A pleasure.”
Laken extended his hand, which surprised the adventurer, he could tell. Most people were unnerved by his ability to shake their hand—as if it that was hard, even if you were blind. But Halrac had noted Laken’s closed eyes and the young man’s poise was uncanny.
He had met crazier Humans. But not as impressive as…an [Emperor]. Laken Godart seemed quite down to earth; he certainly wasn’t dressed in royal clothing. Then again—he had a bearing. And an air about him almost like Erin’s. As if the world turned on him. But where Erin made that happen with chaos, cakes, and luck, Laken Godart would insist on it.
“Master Helm informs me that you are actually a former villager of Windrest, Master Everam.”
Revi made a face behind Halrac. Oh great, they were going to be asked for a discount. Briganda and Typhenous elbowed her.
“That’s correct, your Majesty.”
“Laken will do, Captain Everam, if I may address you as ‘Halrac’. By all means, catch up with Windrest’s folk. I regret that their village was lost, but most of the inhabitants made it here safely.”
“So I understand. Thank you…Emperor Laken.”
The young man shook his head.
“It was only necessary, Captain Halrac. I’m grateful you’ve accepted my request—or at least come to investigate. No other Gold-rank team has thus far, and I have no need for Silver-ranks at this moment. Are all three of your companions your team? And the…child?”
He knew about them? Revi felt a chill run down her stitches as she saw the face with the closed eyes turn unerringly towards her. How was he doing that? A spell? But she didn’t sense magic. Typhenous looked puzzled as Halrac introduced them.
“…Cade is Briganda’s child. He comes with us, but we would leave him behind if we travelled into any actual danger.”
“Ah, I see. A [Summoner]? And a [Shield Maiden]—some kind of [Warrior] class? By any chance, does the class happen to involve…longboats? Water?”
Laken wondered if the class was related to this world’s version of Vikings. Something Scandinavian, at any rate. Apparently not, because Briganda laughed.
“I wish. I can’t even swim! Er—your Majesty. Bow, Cade.”
“Why? He doesn’t have a crown, Mom. You said he’d have a crown.”
