7.40 ER
Page 11
Was he going to insist they work for him? That would be messy. Halrac saw Rie’s concern and Revi and Briganda glance at him. Typhenous was too busy making eyes and stroking his beard at the old [Witch], who was studiously ignoring him.
“Goblins are not a problem, your Majesty. We would not be…compelled to attack them.”
“Really? That is good, Captain Everam. My largest concern with a Gold-rank team was their attitude towards Goblins.”
Halrac frowned.
“If I may ask, what do you intend to do with the Goblins, Emperor Godart?”
Silence. Revi licked her lips. But Halrac…thought of some Hobgoblins and had to know. Laken thought and then shook his head.
“I’m still not sure. Allow them to live in their lands as they wish, for now. Trade with them, perhaps. They’ve begun mining and smithing; Master Helm is a better smith, but he needs their iron. I hope we can trade with them. Honey, perhaps.”
“Trade? But it’s your land, isn’t it?”
Revi spoke up. Halrac sighed. She’d done well guarding her tongue thus far. But the [Summoner] had her limits. She looked challengingly at Laken.
“Are you going to kill them? Or use them for mining? That’s what Halrac means, your Majesty.”
“Adventurer Revi, isn’t it? I don’t intend to kill the Goblins. I rather regard Riverfarm as one of the few places they can exist without being slaughtered. If I thought they wouldn’t be hunted down the moment they left Riverfarm—I would let them go.”
Laken turned his head towards her, giving her a close-eyed ‘stare’. Revi hesitated.
“But why are you doing this?”
“Because not all Goblins are monsters, Miss Revi. And I had to learn that. So must Riverfarm.”
Halrac started. It sounded like…he saw Typhenous glance at him and mouth a name. How strange. But this was what had drawn them here. A curious turn of phrase.
No Killing Goblins.
Laken Godart let the silence linger a moment before he turned to Halrac.
“Captain Halrac, I will suggest a compromise. Inform me if this is not to your satisfaction. I would like you to stay a week; I am sure Master Helm would appreciate it, as well as the people of Windrest. I will offer you five times the sum for this week only to justify your stay. After the week ends—if you accept—I would employ you at the initial sum, or some lesser, agreed-upon number.”
Halrac was surprised. That was a generous offer. He had been about to suggest working for a week before politely leaving.
“Your Majesty is quite generous. We accept.”
The blind [Emperor] smiled thinly.
“Good. I hope I can convince you to stay, Captain Halrac. But do not thank me just yet. Because I fear you will earn your sum. The first problem of my lands—and quite unexpected—is a nest of Crelers.”
“Crelers?”
Halrac’s hand tightened. It felt like everything was happening again. Only this time—it was his team. Revi sat up. Briganda looked worried.
“I want the nest destroyed today. You are free to refuse, of course. But I will be eliminating the Crelers one way or another. My army, the [Witches]—the Crelers cannot be allowed to continue. What do you say, Captain Everam?”
The Gold-rank Captain was silent for a moment. Then he nodded.
“One week, your Majesty. As for the Crelers—we’d have destroyed the nest even without pay.”
Revi sighed and Briganda nodded. Typhenous bowed towards Witch Eloise.
“Some monsters are the duty of adventurers to fight at any cost.”
He gave her a winning smile. She failed to tip her hat in reply.
 
—-
 
Eliminating the Creler nest was…interesting. Halrac, Typhenous, Revi, and Briganda found that Laken Godart had not been lying.
