7.40 ER
Page 2
They were touring the land around Riverfarm, hence the procession. People working the fields waved, or bowed, or saluted as they thought appropriate. Laken Godart waved back, a single motion of the hand. But he was working or else the other busy leaders wouldn’t be with him.
Of late, Laken Godart had begun sensing the individual…strengths…of people. He was blind, and had been blind his entire life, but his power as an [Emperor] had given him an…aura-sense. That was what Lady Rie had termed it, although Laken could tell there was a weed in front of him, how many people were bustling about Riverfarm—better to call it an empire-sense.
An [Emperor]’s senses, obviously. Laken could feel the new Gold-rank team coming up the road. They felt strong. One of them especially. Stronger than Beniar, one of Riverfarm’s best.
Not as strong as Mavika, though. Not individually—but close. That was Gold-rank, was it? Laken would be interested, if other teams ever came through his lands, to see how strong they got.
For now though, he put them out of his mind and expanded his senses. Laken Godart walked forwards, grateful for the shade even though they weren’t under a forest’s canopy. Gamel was holding a parasol up for him. Laken barely noticed these small luxuries these days, but he was properly grateful for them when he recalled them.
“Here we are.”
The [Emperor] announced as the small crowd stopped. He pointed. Almost exactly…
“There’s something here. About…eighty feet down? Quite a long ways, but I definitely sense something structural. Buried.”
“Mark the spot. A dungeon, your Majesty?”
“No…Not big enough for a dungeon. At least, I can’t sense more than…I’d guess it’s a home?”
“Buried that deeply?”
“Perhaps a cellar, or some other structure. I can’t tell. That’s the limit of my abilities.”
Laken shook his head. Prost had a flag planted and a [Councilwoman]—Beatica—turned to Rie.
“Lady Valerund, should I begin excavation?”
“Go only twenty feet down, Beatica.”
Rie inclined her head. Beatica, a [Councilwoman] from Lancrel, nodded and hurried to do just that. She had once been at Rie’s throat, but after the drama in the spring, she had jumped into Rie’s camp for protection as much as the opportunity to be given a trusted position.
Laken found that—troublesome. It was the kind of duplicity, the willingness to swap sides and compromise yourself for political gain, that he distrusted in the extreme. Lady Rie however, had assured him that Beatica was too valuable to just cast aside.
“She may not be trustworthy, your Majesty, but a reliable snake is better than one wandering about. I can put her to good use and so long as Beatica knows she is being managed—she will be an asset.”
The group moved on. Laken Godart went hm after walking for about ten minutes and talking to Prost about the crops that were shooting up like, well, plants, thanks to lots of water, Skills, expert tenders, and absolutely no pests thanks to the crow population.
“Here’s something. Groundwater—about four hundred paces that way. Looks relatively uncontaminated.”
“Good for a well, your Majesty. I’ll mark the spot.”
“Do that. Oh—there’s a cave that way. Blocked by some rocks…doesn’t look like much is alive in there, but I think I sense something not—rocklike. Some kind of ore, or mineral? Master Helm?”
“I can check it out, your Majesty.”
“Send a [Scout] or [Forager]. No need to go yourself, Helm. But as I said—the Goblins have most of the iron ore.”
“Of course, sire.”
Master Helm bowed. He cast a dark glance to the northeast, the base of the mountains. Some of the others muttered.
