7.41
Page 6
Somehow, they had found it. Though no magical resonance had occurred. A Skill? It was still within parameters.
After nearly twenty minutes of bickering, the two entered the front door. Which was, of course, not trapped. Just reinforced.
 
—-
 
The door slammed shut and it was at that moment that Ryoka Griffin knew she’d been duped.
“It’s not designed to keep us out! It’s designed to—”
“Hiyah!”
Fierre punched the door as hard as she could. The impact was thunderous. The door—which had no knob on the inside—remained shut. Fierre shouted in pain.
“Aaah! That hurts so much!”
She’d hit the door hard. But the enchanted wood didn’t budge. Durene with her club? Ryoka shook her head.
“We’re in trouble, Fierre.”
The two spun around. The opening to the mansion, which they’d been investigating through the untrapped door—was a long hallway.
Stone. The invisible mansion had been resting on the cliff’s edge. Ryoka hadn’t seen any of it, just known it was there. The door had appeared and like idiots, they’d gone in.
Now—she saw faint scorch marks, detritus like empty potion bottles or glass—evidence of other people having come through, waited here, and gone on, sometimes clearly having attempted to exit.
“Well, we’re not the only ones who tried this. I doubt we can break out with our bare hands, Fierre.”
“What about your acid?”
“Doesn’t work on non-organic materials. Doubt it’d do anything.”
Just to be sure, Ryoka glanced around the walls, floor, and at the door again. All stone, except for the enchanted door. Actually…it might be stone too, just spelled to look like wood.
“Like a damn dungeon. That’s what this is. An Archmage’s dungeon, only there’s a living person controlling it.”
“Statistically, that’s how most dungeons come to be. Someone makes their own fortress, it gets buried or lost to time and bam, a thousand years later you have adventurers.”
Fierre walked in front of Ryoka down the long hallway. Ryoka sighed. They were doing—okay so far, but this felt like more and more of a mistake. Now she remembered, she had barely survived Az’kerash and the High Passes! What made her think that meant she could just survive this?
There was one door at the far end of the hallway. Ryoka Griffin and Fierre walked towards it warily.
“Okay, this time we’re checking this door. Maybe try to put a wedge in, so we can get out.”
The two young woman clustered around the next door, which was pearly-white and had a little…arch?…carved into the door. Ryoka frowned at it.
“Someone has a sense of gamesmanship. That’s either someone messing with our heads, or it’s telling us what lies beyond.”
“Well, I’ll go first. No arguments.”
“Fierre—I can’t let you risk your life again. Let me—”
The Vampire girl grabbed Ryoka as she reached for the handle. Fierre held Ryoka by the shoulders seriously, looking up at her taller friend, then hugged her tight.
“I’m not losing my first Human friend. If anyone’s going to be in trouble—I have a better chance of surviving. No arguments.”
She turned, and faster than Ryoka, yanked the door open. Fierre looked into the room filled with mirrors, took a deep breath, and stepped through.
“Fierre! Don’t—”
Ryoka moved, but an invisible barrier held her back. The door slammed shut.
 
—-
 
The Room of Similarities took out 14.2% of all intruders alone. And those who entered almost never left without serious damage, or needing to use the artifacts they’d brought, or magic or a Skill. Of the intruders, 0.6% had ever left unscathed.
