7.41
Page 9
The soporific gas usually kicked in after the shadow familiar attack. The Archmage was satisfied to see it worked. The Runner collapsed as her friend watched. The Archmage waited—the other girl hadn’t taken any precautions against the gas that she could observe. She waited…waited…her three thought processes added a fourth as the Vampire girl looked around and cursed. And when the Runemark Golems came marching towards her, the little girl hit one hard enough to crack the enchanted stone.
 
—-
 
“…Ryoka? Ryoka, wake up!”
Ryoka Griffin woke up a bit later with a dry taste in her mouth. She looked up and saw Fierre shaking her.
“Whuh—Fierre? What happened?”
“You’ve been asleep for the last ten minutes! Wake up—I think I gave you the right antidote.”
“Wh—what happened?”
The young woman rubbed at her head. She looked around blearily; the tonic that Fierre had applied was taking off the effects of whatever had put her to sleep, but she was still groggy.
“I think it was the air. Or maybe you got stung? I don’t know.”
“You didn’t fall asleep?”
The City Runner looked at Fierre and then remembered—Fierre could grind up poisonous leaves without gloves on. She did it as one of her side jobs.
The Vampire grinned.
“Nope. Lucky for you I was here—look at this.”
She pointed and Ryoka saw four Golems. Well—the remains of them.
They were like jigsaw puzzles. The Runemark Golems that Fierre identified them as were all made up of parts. An arm, a shoulder blade, a fist—each one enchanted with a glowing, magical rune.
“It’s hard to destroy them. They’re designed to break easier than their actual bindings. So they can come back together. Recyclable foes. I dealt with them.”
Fierre had taken one of Ryoka’s tripvines and used it to web the pieces to prevent them coming together. Ryoka looked at the Vampire.
“And you beat all four?”
“I punched them. I told you it works! But uh—it took a while.”
Fierre rubbed at her cheek. She’d gone several rounds with the Runemark Golems while Ryoka napped; only her Vampiric toughness and endurance had let her win.
“Those boxing punches you taught Alber actually helped. A bit. You shoulda seen it! I gave one a hook, and then I did that counter thing—”
She broke off as Ryoka grabbed her friend and hugged her.
“Thank you. That’s for earlier. Let’s not get separated again, shall we? If we go forwards—we go together.”
“What? But going one at a time works. You’re the weak link here.”
That was true. Ryoka had been saved by Fierre after escaping a trap that had passed the Vampire by. Now though, the City Runner wanted to make up the difference.
“I can at least help our progress here. You take my amulet; you can react faster so you’ll see something if we’re on top of it.”
“Okay. What will you do?”
Ryoka concentrated. She closed her eyes and the dead air in the hallways pushed forwards. She sensed the corridor ahead. The connecting passages, the air coming under a secret hallway, a pit trap—she opened her eyes, inhaled, and pushed.
“Wind fist!”
She punched and the wind blasted down the corridor. It set off one trap door which opened up seamlessly ahead of Fierre. The Vampire girl blinked at Ryoka. The two stood there and Ryoka turned beet red.
“Uh…‘wind fist’?”
“I’m trying to fake a Skill. How does [Wind Fist] sound?”
“Eh, I like [Gale Fist] more.”
“Good point. I was just copying this…guy. Who shouts his own name.”
“Guy? What guy?”
“Er, I met him in Liscor. He’s cool. He’s this Drake [Spearmaster]…”
 
—-
 
“…named Relc.”
