7.41
Page 12
That was how they fell. The Archmage’s four thoughts were…disappointed. They observed the one called ‘Fierre’ dragging the other girl’s leg up, swinging her into a wall.
Insanity. Simulated, but effective. There had been a record of a trap in Albez like this that Valeterisa had read of, by the great Warmage Thresk, one of the masters of his time. She had replicated it on a lesser scale and 83.9% of all intruders failed here.
In the end—the anomaly got this far. Something was happening to the two—but the other three processes moved back to research and the last one didn’t have the capacity for analysis, much less emotion.
Back to work. She was so, so close…what was she missing? Valeterisa sat there…trying to piece together magic. She had almost come close. Something about the wind-magic that hadn’t been magic had…spoken to her. A clue? But then—
She was lost again.
 
—-
 
The shadow familiars and Runemark golems subdued both intruders now that they were helpless. One had been rendered unconscious by the other. The shadow familiars, actually somewhat intelligent compared to the Runemark Golems or most of the autonomous traps, investigated the two.
They had simple orders. If the intruders were alive, they were put into the cells. The small one definitely was, for all the Chambers of Insanity had turned her into a gibbering wreck.
The other was trickier. The primitive familiars flitted about, noticing the blood on the ground. She had been injured.
The Vampire girl had thrown her into a wall. So they registered fractures, a broken nose—two puncture wounds on her neck.
Lack of blood. But she was breathing. So—they spirited her away, through a bound teleportation spell.
Into the cells. The Vampire girl followed, and both were contained in the cells which prevented magic and most Skills from activating. A holding area with a suppression field.
Now there were three captives. The Mage Runner raised his head slowly; hunger had weakened him not at all since only a day had passed. He saw both young women being put into cells. The shadow familiars tended to the injured one with a healing potion and then left them. In time…
They both woke up.
 
—-
 
“Ryoka? I’m so sorry, Ryoka, wake up!”
“Let her rest, Miss Fierre. If she’s injured…”
The voices made Ryoka restless. She—didn’t hurt. But she was tired. Healing made you tired. And Ryoka was also just sleepy.
A bit of exhaustion from fatigue, the sleeping gas…
She opened her eyes in the cell. A glowing field of magic, almost invisible unless you walked back and forth to see it at the right angle—separated her from the hallway. Glowing sigils, like a second barrier of magical paint, formed a block around her cell, clearly keeping the magic active.
And across from her…two more cells, fairly small, lacking chairs, furniture—anything besides being boxes of stone—held Fierre and a man she recognized.
“Fierre?”
Ryoka looked up groggily and then felt at her neck. The last she had known, Fierre had thrown her into a wall and then been biting at—
Her neck was healed. Ryoka relaxed. But the Vampire girl’s voice was still fraught with guilt.
“Ryoka, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know—”
“It’s not your fault. It—it was the room. I should have gone in first. It was—”
Insanity. Ryoka remembered more and more. They had been defeated. She sagged. At least they were alive.
Then she registered the other man. Salamani, the Mage Runner, the Human [Mage] with a trace of Lizardfolk in him, was almost completely human. But he had slitted pupils.
A Lizard’s eyes. The Courier waved at Ryoka.
