7.41
Page 13
“I was telling your friend that, Miss Griffin. Insanity trap. Got me too. There was nothing you could have done; even a good mental charm would break under that many layers of magic. The only thing that could have beaten it was a charm one Courier had. Valceif—but he lost his…”
Ryoka Griffin felt a shock run down her body. She stared at Salamani and came back more into the world. The man gave her a miserable look.
“You’re Ryoka Griffin, right? Your friend Fierre—told me about you. So did Lady Ieka Imarris. I’m sorry we had to meet like this.”
“Who—who’re you? I mean—I know you. You’re Salamani, aren’t you? The Mage Runner? Lady Ieka? What’s happening?”
She’d seen him in the scrying orb during the famous delivery. But also—he was a Courier. The man smiled weakly.
“Some introduction. And yes—that’s me. Let me explain…”
It took him two minutes to clear Ryoka up on what was happening. When he did, Ryoka thumped her head against the magical barrier.
Lady Ieka had hired him? Of course she had. She wouldn’t really have trusted her with the request. Ryoka felt like an idiot. Salamani sat cross-legged as he looked at her and Fierre; he couldn’t see the Vampire, but he’d been speaking to her. Just as well; in her distress, Fierre wasn’t hiding her fangs or red eyes.
“If it helps, Miss Griffin, you got as far as I did. And better too, to hear your friend tell it.”
“I messed up. Ryoka, I’m so sorry. I bit you—”
Fierre’s voice became strangled. Ryoka glanced at Salamani, but the man didn’t seem to notice. He pitched his voice to Fierre, trying to smile.
“Don’t worry about it. You were insane. I bit myself under the insanity spell, although those damn familiars healed me. And punched myself in the groin for some reason I don’t know. Insanity spells do weird things to you.”
“Are you both okay? Salamani, if we’re captives, does that mean…”
The man grimaced.
“I’m sorry, Ryoka. But no one’s checked up on me since I arrived. Then again—it was only a day before you. But…I haven’t been fed either. And to look at it—this might be our end.”
“What do—”
He pointed and Ryoka saw. There were more than three cells here. In fact, there were dozens. Maybe forty in total? The familiars had cleared Salamani, Ryoka, and Fierre’s; they must have had orders to do so. But they hadn’t cleared the others.
Ryoka saw…bones. Piles of cloth. Even artifacts, gleaming, attached to emaciated bodies. She fell silent. Salamani nodded.
“Our forerunners. I’m…sorry. I wish I’d left a sign, Miss Ryoka. But I don’t think any of us are surviving this.”
She wanted to contradict him at once. But—then Ryoka looked at the Courier’s gaunt face and understood.
He was a realist. And now—he was thinking as she should have. Archmage Valeterisa. People would have sent many to ‘wake her up’. To get her help. Not just Runners. Couriers—maybe even adventurers.
Everyone had died here, if the corpses and the fact that Valeterisa hadn’t been seen was any indication. They had all died.
“No.”
Ryoka Griffin sat there for a while, covering her face with her hands. Fierre was apologizing.
“I didn’t mean it. I—”
They all fell silent. Despair was written across Salamani’s face. Ryoka Griffin sat there, thinking. The Mage Runner interrupted her thoughts with a pained cough.
“If you’re willing to talk—I’d like to. I have at least a few more days left. I’ve been getting thirsty, but…it beats being alone.”
She looked at him. He was resigned.
“You’ve tried everything?”
He nodded.
“Lost my bag of holding. And my spells—useless. I recognize the spell we’re under. It’s a [Field of Suppression].”
