7.41
Page 21
Fierre was grumbling. Salamani winced as she shook black, dried vomit back into her bag of holding and onto the floor. He held his nose and edged away.
“Follow me, then. Let’s just teleport as far as we can. I’ll use a scroll, get someone to come for us. Unless that mansion…let’s just all teleport.”
“Maybe. But hear me out, guys. I think we have one last card to play.”
Ryoka waved a hand. Salamani and Fierre looked at her. The City Runner had made the level, calm decision to leave the mansion.
But she’d be lying if she said she was anything but pissed. Like Fierre, like Salamani, Ryoka did not like this Archmage of Izril. It had just occurred to her that it was stupid to play her game. Going through her mansion?
“What do you have in mind, Ryoka?”
Fierre waited. Ryoka glanced at her.
“We might have failed to get to the Archmage through her stupid mansion. But that’s not our job. I say—I say we try one last thing. And if it doesn’t work? We can leave. It won’t cost us more than we’ve gained. What do you say, Salamani? Fierre?”
She told them her plan. Salamani grinned. So did Fierre.
“I say—let’s do it.”
 
—-
 
Archmage Valeterisa had devoted ten of her processes to fixing the damage. She had analyzed her mistake; exterior runes. She hadn’t figured out how they’d gotten an item into the cells, but she would fix the runes, and the barrier to need deactivation. That was all.
Her body moved as she thought. She let some of her mental processes take care of casting. While the rest tried to break through. And that was how she’d existed. She had given a decade of her Human life to her project. She would give another decade if she must. No one would wake her.
No one would break through her dungeon. Even a Named Adventurer; they’d done as the intruders had done, gotten to Layer 9 and left. So she was confident—if she had the emotional capacity for that—that—that—
Five of her thoughts lit up. Something was happening. Her danger-warnings were going off. And something…she blinked.
Something was happening outside her mansion. No—to her mansion. And the isle. It was demanding more and more of her thoughts.
 
Alert—fire.
Alert—attack. Defensive spells firing.
Alert—attack. Defensive spells firing.
Alert—sound.
Alert—[Message] spell. Contents…
Alert—attack. Defensive spells recharging…
Alert—
 
For the first time in a decade, the Archmage’s lips slowly moved. Her voice, disused except to vent her frustration in screams, spoke.
“What—what is happening?”
The isle was called…well, it didn’t really matter anymore. It had been some ecological paradise, and then a rat-infested warren.
Now it was just on fire. Rats fled into the sea, or hid in their warrens as three figures roamed across it. They were casting spells.
They had a lot of scrolls. They had multiple wands. They also had some alcohol. So the three drunk figures cast spells and shouted.
“Archmage…Valeterisa! Get the fuck out here!”
Ryoka screamed. Salamani cast another [Message] spell. Fierre opened a scroll.
“Activate whatever this one is! Oh crap—”
A huge snowball ploughed into the side of the mansion. The defensive spells were going crazy, flinging multiple spells from the invisible mansion. Good thing all those summoned monsters were taking the heat.
They had a surplus, a surfeit of magical resources. From all the people who’d died thanks to this crazy Archmage. It felt right to use some of them. Ryoka threw a bottle and watched it splash into the ground.
“Oh crap. I think that was a healing potion. Salamani—let me borrow your wand!”
