7.41
Page 17
Her other thoughts were doing their thing. Valeterisa ripped up some paper absently to vent the frustration at being so close. It was one thing to look at a problem from multiple angles—but she had slowly built up the magical theory and understanding, the basis for this simple, infinitely complex formula over a decade.
So close.
Her intruder-monitoring thought was passive. It did not check on the ones in the cell. What was the point. None had ever escaped so her mind had long since discarded the possibility.
That was her flaw. If she had been monitoring the cells with visual, audio, or any other of her means, she would have seen the Courier reaching for the hilt of an enchanted sword, whispering.
“Almost…almost…got it!”
Salamani grabbed the hilt poking through the barrier. Ryoka gasped and Fierre spoke.
“Do it! Before it gets shoved out!”
“I’m doing it! Please work, please w—”
The Mage Runner stood and pressed the tip of the sword into the ground just outside his cell. He scratched at the glowing runes that enforced his barrier with the enchanted sword.
Ryoka saw the sword glowing. A mint glow was coming from the magical sigils on the edge of the blade. It was an enchanted sword—over the last hour, Fierre and Salamani had both identified it as one of those ones with a projection effect, making the actual sword’s reach longer and far more deadly. A common effect.
Right now, the enchantment was unneeded and Ryoka prayed that the sword had a strong piercing or anti-magic effect. It just had to scratch—
She saw something peel up from the stone floor. Fierre gasped. Salamani worked even harder, frantically.
“Don’t let the sword fall in the barrier—”
The two young women watched as Salamani dug at the weak point of the rune he’d identified. More slivers of enchanted paint or whatever the runes had been drawn with. And then—the barrier vanished.
It just winked out. Salamani’s head jerked up. He stared at the empty air and put a trembling hand out.
“You did it! Free us! Free us!”
Fierre jumped up and down. The Mage Runner stumbled forwards. For a moment, Ryoka wondered if he was going to pull a classic double-cross and run off. But he didn’t. He raised the sword, began hacking at Fierre’s cell.
Her force field vanished. Then it was Ryoka’s turn. Fierre took the sword from the weaker Mage Runner as he stumbled over to his bag of holding. Ryoka saw the Vampire lift the sword, bring it down.
The barrier vanished after three hacking blows. Ryoka looked at Fierre. The Vampire girl smiled at her.
“I knew we could do it. If you didn’t stop for that sandwich, we’d have been out thirty minutes ago.”
Ryoka stood up and hugged her friend. Fierre squeezed back.
“I’m…so sorry I bit you. Please, please forgive me? I never would have, I swear.”
She whispered. Ryoka whispered back.
“It’s okay. I mean, I’m going to have to live as a Vampire from now on, but you can show me everything. I’m really hungry.”
Fierre let go, her eyes wide. She looked into Ryoka’s brown pupils and then punched at Ryoka.
“You bloodbag!”
The City Runner grinned. But then she nodded to Fierre and touched at her neck.
“It’s fine. Really. We can talk about it later. Let’s get out of here first. Where’s Salamani?”
He was eating out of his bag of holding, despite the stale food. He looked up as Ryoka and Fierre walked over.
“Thank you. Thank you. I won’t forget this. Let’s…let’s…”
“Let’s take five.”
Ryoka suggested. Fierre and Salamani looked at each other, nodded, and then relaxed. After a second, Fierre stood up.
“Bathroom.”
“Hah! I knew it.”
“Shut up, Ryoka.”
 
—-
 
