7.41
Page 15
“I can sense it too.”
Ryoka’s bag of holding was familiar to the wind. Also—the slight odor of Fierre’s puke was something Ryoka could sense coming from another bag. They were piled at the very top.
“That’s a lot of magical items.”
“Yes, well—I wouldn’t grab from there. So many artifacts in close proximity? They must be suppressed or they’d be reacting to one another and that might tear apart the entire damn mansion. There’s a design flaw if ever I saw one.”
Salamani shuddered. Ryoka agreed; she’d been told all day and night about bags of holding reacting to one another.
“If the field’s working on them, we might be in trouble. But the bag of holding is clearly working…so maybe we’re in luck.”
“How so?”
The young woman smiled tightly.
“Well…I’m betting the Field of Suppression only affects magical artifacts up to a certain level, right Salamani?”
“Right enough. Alchemical weapons might work fine. If we had some.”
Ryoka nodded. Her heart was pounding. Please let the Archmage not have predicted this.
“Well—here’s the question for a million gold coins and our lives. Salamani, did you see when they tossed me and Fierre in here—how did we get in? Is there a control switch or something?”
The Mage Runner’s unique eyes flickered.
“No. Familiars are quite stupid. They can’t deal with switches that well…they just pushed you into the cells. It’s a one-way spell. Quite simple. What do you have planned?”
Fierre looked at Ryoka. She grinned, showing all of her teeth. So did Ryoka.
“Hold on. It might take a few tries—but I think I can get my bag.”
She closed her eyes, settled down cross-legged. Salamani opened his mouth to ask a thousand questions—and then he felt something.
In the prison cells, the wind moved. The Mage Runner’s eyes widened as he felt a breeze blowing his hair. He closed his mouth, looked at Ryoka, and waited.
 
—-
 
The first gust of air was short, controlled, and knocked over the pile of artifacts and belongings. The shadow familiars didn’t come, which was a relief; they must only do the organizing when a new person was captured.
So Ryoka had time. And happily—her bag of holding had fallen to the ground. It was very hard getting the wind to blow so strongly to move the bag while not blasting everywhere. Especially at range while using her senses and Salamani’s eyes.
Really, it was the kind of thing Ryoka should have thought of and practiced ages ago. But, ironically, her current prison was an excellent teacher and Ryoka had until she died of dehydration.
“Almost, almost, come on you little bastard!”
“Shh! Let her concentrate.”
Salamani cautioned Fierre as the Vampire girl swore at the bag of holding that had been rolling around the cell in front of Ryoka for the last half-hour. Ryoka was sweating; controlling the wind was harder the more fatigued she got.
It had taken two hours to get it here. Now—it was so close. She stared at it and begged the wind. Capricious, it blew the bag left, right—and finally, finally—gave her a blast that knocked her on her ass. When Ryoka got up—the bag of holding was lying in the cell.
“Yes!”
The other two cheered like mad. Ryoka grabbed for her bag of holding and opened it.
“Finally! We can get out of h—”
She yanked an acid jar out of the bag, aimed at the glowing runes, and realized.
The bag of holding was on the inside of the cell. The glowing runes were on the outside. Salamani and Fierre stopped cheering.
“…Ryoka. Did you mean to get the jar of acid out before you got your bag?”
“It wouldn’t have worked. I thought—can I pass items out of the cell?”
