7.41
Page 4
The Vampire girl exploded as she stepped onto the first magical landmine.
 
—-
 
Statistically speaking, poor performance. The two intruders hadn’t even detected the landmines. Well, one had, but that put them well below the bell curve. Larger groups had tried to reach her. Numbers were just a disadvantage. The first one stumbled back as the artillery spell went off. A homing [Spear of Light] aimed right at her, enhanced to nearly triple the destructive yield. She went running, and dodged it. Barely; the explosion knocked her to the ground.
However, a second spell activated on the heels of the first. It should have struck her; the City Runner had been blown off her feet by the first impact. The second spell flashed down towards her as part of the Archmage watched, impartially.
Flicker. The Archmage’s consciousness stopped, tried to track the blur that had intercepted the fallen Runner. Part of her mind took a bit more thought processing.
What had that been? She had been sure—
 
—-
 
“Fierre?”
Ryoka Griffin could barely breathe. She was hanging off the shorter Vampire girl’s shoulder. Fierre was sprinting away from the mansion, with Ryoka on her shoulder.
It really hurt. Ryoka was half-blinded from the spell’s impact, anyways. But she had seen her friend die—
“Ow, ow, ow! It hurts so much!”
That wasn’t what most people said with her injuries, though. When the Vampire girl got them out of range and dumped Ryoka on the beach, Ryoka saw—
Fierre’s legs and part of her stomach were torn open. Bone shone around torn flesh. Her blood had stained the grass. But—
The injuries were already healing. With incredible speed, Ryoka saw the wounds closing. Fierre gripped at her arm and Ryoka saw—her arm had been broken by the impact, slightly. Now the bones snapped together.
“That hurts so damn much!”
“Uh…”
Ryoka Griffin stared at Fierre. She should have been paste. A landmine did not let you walk away with those kinds of injuries. Fierre’s skin was tough. Ryoka should have measured that. How hard was it to hammer a stake into her chest?
“Fierre? Are you—”
“No, I’m not! Why didn’t you detect that?”
“I saw it only when we were right on top of it! It must be camouflaged!”
“Your amulet’s a piece of junk! If I find that [Merchant] who sold it to you, I’m going to eat—”
Whumph. Something hit the dirt at the top of the incline. Both young women went running.
“Dead gods, it’s still after us?”
“Run further away!”
 
—-
 
Artillery spells. Seriously? Ryoka and Fierre peeked over a sand dune at the very edge of the island, as far away from the mansion as possible.
“Okay. It stopped firing. So we know there’s landmines and a spell that blasts anyone coming towards the mansion to pieces. And we can’t see the Archmage’s magic with our level of spell. Ideas?”
“Give up?”
Fierre looked at Ryoka’s expression. The Vampire girl was trembling, now that they were safe.
“Oh, come on, Ryoka! You were right! I’d be dead if I wasn’t stronger now. And that wasn’t a fun way to find out I can survive a Tier 4 spell. I think that was what it was.”
Ryoka blinked. Instead of comforting platitudes, she focused on Fierre’s face.
“You’re sure Tier 4?”
“Based on the power of the spell? Pretty sure. Tier 5 can vaporize you. Tier 3 is usually weaker and you can’t delay it. Like—[Delayed Fireball] is Tier 4—[Fireball] is Tier 3.”
“Oh.”
The young woman wasn’t sure if Fierre’s abilities to appraise spells was actually that helpful. Either way, she was dead if she stood on that landmine—or crippled at the least. She narrowed her eyes.
