7.41
Page 5
“No wonder people can’t get to the front door. Well, I have my trump card. But I don’t know…I could try flying towards the door, but the wind isn’t under my control. I’d probably be hit by a spell or the wind would pulverize me by sending me into the ground or something.”
Fierre blinked.
“What? You’re not giving up, Ryoka?”
The City Runner gave her friend a blank look.
“Of course not. We’re not dead. We should have expected this much, Fierre.”
“But—”
That was the difference between City Runners and normal people. Fierre closed her mouth as she saw Ryoka investigating the distant mansion. They really were insane.
“Hm. The wind is strong around the mansion. Sort of weird.”
Ryoka muttered. She was trying to see if she could sail on the winds with her trump card into the mansion. She might hit it hard, but what if she threw Fierre? Wait, that could work. Throw her into the wall, get her to ring the door—but the door was probably trapped.
Still—something was off. The wind was blowing…Ryoka Griffin closed her eyes.
She could…sense the wind. Not concretely, and even if she asked it to blow hard, it sometimes failed her. She needed a teacher. Teriarch had offered some insights, and Ryoka had learned to call the wind stronger since the fire at Riverfarm. But she seldom tried to use the wind to scout.
Yet—if she wasn’t wrong…
“What is it, Ryoka?”
The City Runner started. She narrowed her eyes at the mansion.
“I think…I think that damn mansion is fake, Fierre. The wind’s blowing straight through where it should be going around the walls.”
“What? Fake?”
Fierre started. She looked at the mansion and groaned.
“Oh, skunk blood. Of course! It’s the oldest trick in the book! Is the Archmage even on this isle?”
Ryoka felt sick. She might not even be here! But first—they had to test this idea. So Ryoka opened her bag of holding.
“Hold on. Let’s just make sure this is actually an illusion. There’s something there—just not the disturbance in the air a mansion could create. That door…might be real. Here—help me set up this. I just need a handkerchief—and a stick or something—”
Fierre offered Ryoka a rat. The green rodent squeaked and tried to get away. Ryoka stared at the rat.
“No. That’s cruel.”
The Vampire girl gave Ryoka a long look. She opened her mouth and Ryoka slapped the rat out of her hand.
“Stop that.”
She was no huge animal advocate, but Ryoka was definitely against cruelty and Fierre eating the rats did bother her. The Vampire girl sulkily got out some vomit-stained blood bags.
“I’m really hungry. Being blown up makes you hungry.”
“I wouldn’t know about that. Here—”
Ryoka finished her creation. It was…a handkerchief tied to a stick with some twine. She tossed it up and Fierre felt the wind blow. She saw the little parachute open and the stick flew off. It flew towards the mansion’s walls in the distance. Even Fierre’s enhanced eyes lost it, but Ryoka grimly nodded.
“It went straight through.”
“Darn. Well—now what?”
Ryoka Griffin thought about this. If they couldn’t see the Archmage’s mansion, was it underground? Accessible only via teleportation? Or…her eyes narrowed. She closed her eyes and felt for the wind.
“Aha.”
 
—-
 
Unexpected. The part of the woman’s mind which was tracking the two was infinitesimally small. Basically only there to record and watch for dangers to her person. Even so—the two’s progress had defied the statistical norm.
They had found the invisible mansion without going for the fake one. Now—they stood at the entrance, investigating carefully.
