7.41
Page 22
“One second. This is for you, Archmage! [Fireball]! [Fireball]!”
The Mage Runner shot them at the invisible mansion—whose protections were actually weakened enough to reveal a huge, rather lovely seaside mansion. It even had glass windows on the front; the back had turned into an ugly stone compound. Ryoka Griffin laughed as the wind blew surf at the mansion. If this didn’t work they’d—they’d just leave! Or find a bunch of crap and throw it on the front door or something.
The three were so busy venting their fury and shouting obscenities that the Archmage of Izril had to repeat herself three times before Ryoka heard the voice.
“What are you doing?”
The City Runner, Courier, and Vampire girl froze. Fierre stopped waving the bottle of alcohol and the wand. Salamani dropped the scroll and whirled. Ryoka looked up. Then she turned around.
Archmage Valeterisa hovered in the air. Not alone, either. Her shadow familiars—nearly a hundred of them—were flitting about her. An army of Golems had snuck up on the three from behind. Oh—but what really caught the eye was the giant maw of shadows hovering over their heads. Contained, but reaching for them, full of malice.
Ready to drop.
The three froze. Ryoka Griffin stared up at the Archmage of Izril. She stared at them. Her eyes were flickering.
“Recalling memories…intruders…no audio logs kept…who are you? Answer before I kill you. You have set fire to my isle…how many [Messages]? Count: 4,388…ah. Damage to property estimated…answer me. Who are you?”
Ryoka Griffin hesitated. But Salamani and Fierre were frozen. So the City Runner, in that way of hers, having experience with Dragons, absent [Necromancers], and so on, spread her hands.
“Uh…Runners? We have a message for you, Archmage Valeterisa.”
The hovering [Mage]…stopped. All of her fragmented thoughts. All of her separate selves…finally came together. She became one once more and realized only now, how much she had lost.
And it had all come from a single young woman. Valeterisa’s vast intellect focused on her. Each self joining together. Mainly because the girl’s statement was so ridiculous she couldn’t believe it.
“You. Are Runners? You have a delivery for me?”
She looked at her burning isle. The spells, summoned monsters still dueling with her defensive spells. The spells still in effect, sending a burning rain after the rodents—
At Ryoka Griffin. The City Runner saw Valeterisa staring at her. An old woman—okay, in her sixties. No spring hen. Looking surprisingly…normal. A woman, distracted, but no grand, otherworldly features like Az’kerash.
Except for perhaps the faintest tinge of magic that hung about her. Power, waiting to be kept, that made the air excited.
The Archmage of Izril waited. Ryoka Griffin spread her hands weakly. And she said the only thing that came to mind.
“Well…it worked, didn’t it? We have a message for you from Lady Ieka Imarris. Do you have a seal?”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: A longer chapter! Oops! But we are on Day 6 and I told you that it wouldn’t all be interludes. Here. We. Are.
Let me know what you thought! I have one more chapter left in me, then two weeks off! And I’m looking forwards to you! There’s a lot I could say—insert The Last Tide something something here…a lot of you have bought it and I’m very grateful!
I’m just tired. But look—is it good? One last chapter! One last chapter! Thanks for reading! Look forwards to what happens next!
 
https://ko-fi.com/boboplushie
https://ko-fi.com/johndoe020
https://johndoe020.tumblr.com/
 
Delanay by JohnDoe!

 
Nanette and Califor by kazakka!
                        
 
