7.41
Page 3
She had met a Dragon. And the Necromancer. Both of them could kill Fierre. Maybe she could get stronger. But as it was—she had to be careful of overconfidence. And if there was one thing Ryoka Griffin knew, it was overconfidence. Also—getting your fingers bitten off.
“Okay. Measurements over. Let’s do this.”
“I’m ready to fight.”
“Great. But remember—we’re delivering a message. It’s not going to be easy—even if it looks like we can just knock. I’ve got a [Detect Magic] amulet, here. One of my rings deflects arrows. I’ve got a bunch of potions—my caltrops, sand—”
Ryoka’s items were all geared towards escaping or slowing down whatever she ran into. She’d used her funds to buy a few low-grade items, but she had been nervous about entering a highly-magical zone.
She had two trump cards. One was a bundle of cloth in her bag of holding she’d been waiting to have made. She hoped it wouldn’t break. It might not be good in an enclosed place. The second was…
Erin’s jars of acid. Ryoka had six. She’d asked Erin for some since nothing else on her travels had been as effective. If Ryoka had carried six when she met Venitra—she might never have had the trouble she did.
She had prepared, in short, as much as she could with the time and resources available to her. When Ryoka turned to Fierre—the Vampire girl reached into her bag of holding.
“Ugh. Everything’s covered in…well, my stuff!”
“No time to wash it off. We want to be done before daylight, remember? What’ve you got?”
“Well…ick, ick…blood, healing potions, a backup wand that fires [Steel-Barb Dart]. A dagger, enchanted with a weak piercing enchantment. And…aha!”
The Vampire triumphantly pulled out her best weapon. Ryoka stared at…
“Is that your journal?”
“It’s my notes! See? It contains all my information on Izril!”
Fierre flipped through the magical repository of her knowledge for Ryoka. The City Runner stared at her.
“Where are your weapons?”
“I have my fists! I can probably beat up Madain!”
Ryoka Griffin covered her face. Once again, she ran into Fierre’s sense of superiority. And fair play to her—she could have probably punched out any [Gang Leader] in Reizmelt even pre-panacea. But here?
“Fierre. Have you ever fought a Bone Behemoth?”
The Vampire hesitated.
“Uh—no? Those are huge, aren’t they?”
“Only like, thirty feet tall. My friends conjured a Frostmarrow Behemoth. Fierre, one of them was below Level 30. The other one was just over it, I think.”
“Oh. Well—we’re just going to deliver a message, right?”
Ryoka sighed.
“Stay behind me. Let’s go.”
“Actually, you should stay behind me. Vampire, remember?”
Fierre pushed Ryoka back as the two turned towards the mansion. Ryoka opened her mouth, but didn’t argue.
They should have brought Durene. Or Alevica. Someone with either the ability to rip apart a tree, or the magical prowess. Or even that Vampire Hunter guy. Or Ylawes…Ryoka was suddenly full of regrets.
Then again, how hard could it be to wake an Archmage who had been a recluse for a decade? Ryoka wished she had something to knock on.
“Okay, I’m not detecting anything magic so far…”
She was holding her amulet as she peered at the mansion in the distance. Fierre nodded. She was walking forwards and Ryoka suddenly fixated on something.
The mansion was set in the middle of the rat-infested, grassy isle. But there was a bare patch of land around it.
“Hold up, Fierre—”
“What? You said—”
As the two walked forwards, Ryoka saw the flicker from beneath the soil a second before Fierre walked forwards.
“Fierre! Stop! It’s a hidden sp—”
