7.41
Page 14
“I don’t know that spell. I’m not a [Mage], sorry. What does it do?”
He gave her a strained smile.
“Even if you were—it’s advanced. I’m a Wistram graduate and I’m lucky I took those advanced courses. You see these barriers? They’re high-grade, but in theory we could break them. I’d definitely try, but I can’t cast magic. Or use Skills. Even if I had, say, a [Bound Spell] Skill—it won’t work. [Power Strike], Skills that allow you to move about or do anything—all fail.”
“The spell affects Skills as well as magic?”
Ryoka glanced up. Salamani nodded.
“Good spells do that. It’s advanced magic. Tier 5 or Tier 6, I’d guess. But a field spell is…setting up terrain. Not as hard to do if you have unlimited resources. It’s one of those spells that benefits from a single place. Like casting [Zone of Frost] before using lots of ice spells. As bad as a damned aura. And without it—I could punch this barrier for a month and it might not break.”
He’d been trying, Ryoka saw. The man’s knuckles had bled and broken. Salamani looked at her, in the calm phase of despair.
“I’m sorry. Feel free to do what you want. I won’t blame you.”
Ryoka was going to. Salamani had painted a perfect trap. A perfect holding cell the kind Zevara dreamed of. However…he was wrong to despair just yet.
Because Fierre was Fierre. And Ryoka…could still sense the wind.
“Fierre, get up. See if you can hit the barrier. Don’t lie there. I’m—I’m going to look around.”
Ryoka edged to the very front of her cell and stared down the hallway. Fierre looked up. She slowly stood and flexed one arm. She looked at Ryoka.
“Your friend—is she strong? I only saw her for a second, but if she’s…er…part-Dwarf? There might be a chance. I doubt Archmage Valeterisa left a gap in her preparations, but she might have trusted in the [Field of Suppression] too much.”
Salamani hesitated. He had seen Fierre, so he knew Fierre was too short to be a half-Giant. Ryoka nodded at Fierre. The Vampire girl bared her fangs.
“I’m not a Dwarf, Salamani. But I’m still strong. Hold on—hiyah! Ow, that hurts so much!”
She hit the barrier with a sound that made Salamani jump. He stared towards the side, wide-eyed with sudden hope. Meanwhile…Ryoka looked around.
The holding area was hard to see from where she sat. Just the glowing cells…hm…it looked like a lot of the visitors had left their belongings when they died. But only what was on them; the shadow familiars had stolen the rest.
Ryoka couldn’t see with her eyes very far. But the wind was her friend. And it told her that they were underground; a passage led upwards. Into a branching hallway—
No. Ryoka dragged her attention back down the steps. She needed a way out of here. She sensed…
The area where they were was the large part. Cells, where the air was allowed to flow in and out, including the one with Salamani, Fierre, and Ryoka. Oh…he’d relieved himself in one corner. Ryoka was grateful for the dead air. But down the passage was something…interesting…
“I…think our belongings are piled up over there.”
Ryoka murmured as Fierre hit the barrier again, to no effect but her own shout of pain. Salamani glanced up at Ryoka.
“You’re right. I can barely see something if I stand in the corner. How did you know that?”
She smiled at him.
“Not all of my Skills are inactive, Salamani. Can you describe the stuff for me?”
Hope sprang into the Mage Runner’s eyes.
“I…can barely see a table. Overflowing with items; it’s amazing the familiars piled it up. But they’re stupid like that. Primitive constructs. They must have orders to put it there, but the Archmage never investigated.”
