7.41
Page 2
“One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi—”
Ryoka Griffin got to ‘six’ before Fierre flashed past her. The City Runner stopped. She stared at Fierre.
“What?”
“How’d I do? I think that was fast. That was fast, right?”
The Vampire girl panted. Ryoka looked at her. She had been closing on seven. But that meant Fierre had just beaten the world record by, oh, three seconds.
“That was…fast. The world record is 9.58 seconds, Fierre. You were like—six and a half.”
“What? And I was only three seconds faster?”
The Vampire girl didn’t seem to get what that meant. Ryoka Griffin shook her head.
“Three seconds? Fierre—you’re not an athlete. The man who trains his entire life and runs on an actual track—and is way taller than you—runs three seconds slower.”
“Oh. Well—I’m a Vampire.”
Fierre preened. On the other hand—Ryoka Griffin now knew something. After a bit of calculation, she nodded.
“Interesting. You’re about 40 mph at top speed. Forty miles per hour. So you’re about as fast as a horse’s top speed. Not as fast as a cheetah. Interesting.”
So Fierre still lagged behind Hawk. Ryoka had clocked the Courier’s top speed above hers, even if he couldn’t keep it up. On pavement, not grass and dirt, it might be different. But…Fierre wasn’t almighty.
Just fast. Her twitch-speed was insane. That was probably what gave her the feeling of moving so fast; her reflexes were a lot better than a horse’s.
None of that made Fierre any happier. She actually shoved Ryoka slightly.
“Stop calling me fast as a horse! I’m a Vampire!”
“And that’s amazing. But you’re not invincible, Fierre. Want to test your bench press weight? Damn—this is where Grimalkin’s weight set would have come really in h—hey!”
Fierre picked up Ryoka and tossed her into the surf. The Asian girl went flying. That was scary. On the other hand—she didn’t fly that far.
“I don’t think you’re stronger than Grimalkin! Or even Relc, by much!”
Ryoka shouted back. The Vampire girl threw a sandball at her. It hit Ryoka in the face and the City Runner went underwater as it stunned her.
“Ryoka!”
 
—-
 
It turned out Fierre had great aim. And even if she wasn’t as strong as Grimalkin—she was strong enough to knock Ryoka silly with a mudball. Ryoka lay on the sand.
“Sorry! I lost my temper. Shoo, you little pests!”
Fierre kicked a rat trying to eat the City Runner. Dizzily, Ryoka got up.
“I’m going to call that ‘Gold-rank’ strength, reflexes, speed. Maybe a bit below a specialist. Hold on, I swallowed some water. I might throw up.”
Fierre edged back. The Vampire girl could swim just fine, even if she hadn’t practiced it much. She was coordinated, fast, strong—after Ryoka rested on her knees and hands, she looked up.
“If you had Skills, you’d be really invincible. Vampires don’t get Skills, do they?”
“I never leveled. Old Bamer says there were Vampire Lords, royalty who had powers like turning into mists. Even Skills. But those might be relics. Look, I’m really sorry. It’s just—I’ve never felt like this before.”
The girl squatted by Ryoka. The Runner girl nodded.
“I know. I’m really happy, Fierre. But just remember—there are things that can take you apart. I met a man who could have set this entire island aflame. He’d have been able to beat you without even using his best Skill—and he lost to Belavierr.”
Fierre’s eyes widened a touch. But she took the warning about Ser Raim seriously. Ryoka sat up.
