7.41
Page 8
But the Archmage had data about both intruders. Neither one was magically significant to her [Detect Aura] spells. One was…odd. She had wind-element attributes and the other one was plain invisible. But neither was even close to Gold-rank threat levels. So her thought-processes, all two of them, expected the mirrors to triumph.
After all, even if the opponent could win, the psychological impact of fighting your reflection—even killing one took its toll. Few could just—
The City Runner threw the first jar of acid in her doppelganger’s face. The Archmage’s thought processes halted as the first reflection went down in record time. The City Runner hit the second with a jar of acid—the other two broke free of the vines and charged her.
They were as fast as she was. One kicked the young Human woman in the chest while the second swept her legs and tried to stomp on her face. That was an aggressive combat style. But neither one used Skills, which they should have done. Neither did the young woman.
A third thought process joined the other two. That was so odd. Did she not have Sk—
The young woman raised her hand as one of her clones raised a foot to stomp her face in. The air in the room hurled the doppelganger into a wall and left red paste which faded after a few seconds. The second doppelganger tried to copy the gesture.
Nothing happened. The Archmage’s three thoughts watched the City Runner blow the second one into the wall and then run over and kick the life out of herself. That was…strange.
Just how had she done that? A Skill? But a Skill would be copied…an artifact? But no magic had been…
And meanwhile, the next two traps had failed.
 
—-
 
The door swung open and Ryoka Griffin, panting, raised the jar of acid.
She saw Fierre, standing in the hallway, stomping on something which slithered away. A moving…shadow?
“Fierre! Are you alright?”
The Vampire spun. She stared at Ryoka; the City Runner had a growing bruise on her arm from where her clone had punched her.
“Ryoka! What happened?”
“Doppelgangers. They got me. A classic.”
Ryoka felt like it was. Fierre stared at her.
“You beat up yourself?”
“Four of ‘em. They didn’t have my acid jars, thank g—thank goodness.”
Ryoka shook her head. She was still shaken, a bit. But she’d taken care of them fast. It hadn’t been hard. Fierre shuddered at the thought.
“Four of me—how’d you win? I’d be so freaked out at killing myself.”
The young woman shrugged.
“Eh. Low self-esteem. That was actually sort of fun. I always wanted to punch myself in the face. And they couldn’t command the wind.”
“Uh. Okay…”
The Vampire decided she needed to build up Ryoka more often. The City Runner was busy investigating the next hallway.
“What happened here?”
“I was attacked. Little…shadow-things came out of the walls. Tried to grab my bag of holding—well, they got it. But they didn’t get me!”
Fierre made a triumphant fist. She’d lost her bag of holding, but more than one shadow familiar had been destroyed by the angry Vampire. None came to attack Ryoka now. The City Runner nodded.
She was tired. The young woman looked around. This hallway stretched further with no door in sight.
“Looks like we passed the first test. We might be under attack again, so let’s make a plan—we could be in danger so—so—”
She yawned hugely. Fierre stared at Ryoka.
“Ryoka?”
“Sorry. That just took it out of me. I shouldn’t be so—tired—”
Ryoka yawned and realized something was wrong at the same time as Fierre. She grabbed the amulet.
“It’s not—not a spell? Is it…?”
 
—-
 
