7.41
Page 20
The Courier blinked. Fierre looked at Ryoka.
“But we’re so close! Ryoka—”
“We think we’re close. But Fierre—that trap was meant to kill us. Not just subdue. If the Archmage gets serious—you were right. There’s risking our lives and that.”
Ryoka nodded to the hallway, still smoldering. Salamani hesitated, and then nodded.
“You—you’re absolutely right, Ryoka. I’m not thinking. Even Couriers turn down bad deliveries. And this? This is a bad delivery.”
“We’ve been playing her game. Going through her death-mansion? Forget about it.”
The Runner felt like she was thinking like a…Runner. They had more money than she could have dreamed of. They had their lives; she wasn’t going to risk a trap of that caliber. Besides, this wasn’t over. She had an idea.
But escape first. Fierre hesitated. She was the maddest of the three; she clearly wanted to make good on her finger-breaking threat. But she acceded to their common-sense.
“So, what do we do?”
“Get out?”
“Yes, but that means going through all the traps that are between us and the exit.”
“True…but if we assume the traps escalate until here, we can break out. Or—go for a wall. We have enough scrolls.”
“That’s tricky. I say—we scout backwards. The thing about these rooms is that they’re designed for people coming in. Not going out. Let’s take a look around.”
 
—-
 
What was happening? Thirteen processes were confused by the direction the intruders were taking. They were…leaving.
Most of the room traps only worked when you entered one way. A decision Archmage Valeterisa had time to regret—or would have if she had the capacity to regret. As it was, she noted the intruders blowing open door after door with spells.
They had the firepower for it. And with their artifacts, they moved back through the layers of traps. A few things slowed them up, like the swarm of conjured insects, the illusion of green and contact pollen—but these were the non-lethal traps. If they struggled, they just rested up and moved on.
By the time the intruders were at the door, a good fifteen processes were aware enough to call off the attack on them from the entire mansion’s defenses. Valeterisa had made an analysis of cost-to-benefit and decided to just repair what had been broken, fix the gaps in her security, and move on.
She was still thinking of her project. That mattered. Intruders? She had never visited the other captives. So she let them break the door to her mansion and leave. It was annoying…but they hadn’t the tenacity to reach her.
In the end…they were at the high end statistically. But they weren’t even at the top. Valeterisa filed them away in her head.
And that was her mistake.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin stepped into the sunlight. Fierre instantly retreated. Salamani blinked at the morning light.
“We’re out. I guess…well, my boatman probably thinks I’m dead. But dead gods, there are a few [Lesser Teleport] scrolls here and I’ll swim to be away from this damn isle. Ryoka, Fierre—I’ll go with you wherever you want. Back to Lady Ieka, to the nearest Runner’s Guild—I am forever in your debt.”
“Don’t exaggerate, Salamani. We did this together. Without you we probably wouldn’t have made it out.”
Ryoka smiled at the Mage Runner. He gave her a serious bow.
“Don’t you exaggerate, Ryoka. I was going to die. Never mind that Ieka hired us both—I won’t forget this. But let’s get away from this damn mansion before something comes after us.”
“Just one second. I need to put on more clothes. Umbrella, umbrella…aw. It’s covered in my…stuff…”
