7.41
Page 19
Fierre blasted the monster out of existence. She tossed away the spent scroll as Salamani used two wands at once. Ryoka aimed a wand and blasted a cluster of shadow familiars.
“Okay. We know two things. First: more traps. Second? We’ve got gear.”
The three looked at each other. There had been at least thirty dead people’s worth of possessions. Not all of it had been powerful, but as Salamani had said—some powerful individuals had owned this stuff.
“Which way do we go?”
“That at least is obvious. I can sense the magic coming from that direction.”
Salamani pointed down the hallway. A long hallway waited for him. He narrowed his eyes.
“…Concealed runes. Can’t tell what they are. Yep, there’s definitely more traps. But we have to brave them. At least we’re geared up beyond even what most Couriers could afford. Let’s see what the hallway has to offer. Fierre? Ryoka? Keep an eye out.”
“Sure…”
Ryoka frowned. She was fatigued, although only mentally, from the efforts and their escape. Even so, she felt a bit of worry. Something was…wrong. Salamani grabbed an adventurer’s tool, one of those rolling balls that triggered traps like the one the Horns had used. He tossed it forwards, gingerly, wand at the ready.
 
—-
 
The intruders had escaped. Eight of the Archmage’s processes devoted themselves towards finding out how. She began mobilizing the entire mansion’s defenders to converge on the group. But she was still…absent. If she felt anything, it was curiosity and irritation.
Yet—at the same time. There was a certainty. They were not going to reach her. They had bypassed six entire layers of traps by emerging from the cells. And they might be armed with new artifacts if her analysis was not wrong.
What of it? No one had woken her. Couriers had come. Great challengers. They had still died, even those that got past here, all 1.8% of them.
The intruders had bypassed six layers.
Ten remained. And these traps—
 
—-
 
The ball got halfway down the corridor when the [Chain Lightning] trap activated.
“Dead gods!”
Salamani’s barrier spell he’d cast out of caution absorbed half a dozen bolts as six [Chain Lightning] spells activated at once. The ball was vaporized. Salamani himself went reeling backwards; only the breastplate he’d equipped saved him. Fierre caught two more bolts too, and they had been at the back of the corridor.
“That’s the trap?”
Fierre, horrified, picked herself up. Salamani was cursing with Balerosian expressions. Ryoka caught part of it.
“—Gazer’s eyes can look up my—that is a new level of trap.”
He grimly looked at Ryoka and Fierre, indicating his scorched breastplate. Ryoka shivered.
“How is she making all this?”
“Rechargeable runes. Miss Ryoka, it’s not actually that hard to make a spell that keeps activating. Supplying it with mana is the hard part, but if she’s in here—which she is—her dungeon runs on her. I could probably make a Rune of Chain Lightning—and if I could do that, with enough money I could make a hundred. That’s the kind of insanity you get in Wistram, or at least, the higher floors.”
Salamani sighed.
“At least we have scrolls. Fierre, break out the anti-electricity ones.”
“On it. We can probably walk through once we cast enough of them. I just hope there’s not a second layer of spells we didn’t see or activate. Or we could just activate the trap enough that—”
“No.”
Salamani and Fierre looked at Ryoka. The City Runner was shaking her head. She looked at the Courier, and at Fierre, and said it.
“No. Nope. No way. I’m out. I’ve done this before. I’m bouncing. I want out of here.”
