7.41
Page 11
Fierre rolled her eyes, but she took two potions and entered the door. It swung shut behind her; Ryoka waited.
And waited.
And…
After four minutes, Ryoka had heard nothing. But after four minutes, the door swung open. Ryoka saw someone standing in the pitch-black room.
“Fierre?”
The Vampire girl was stock-still. Motionless. Ryoka knew something was wrong. Fierre was audible now—mumbling.
“…said you’d come back…Mom, Dad, someone for dinner…can’t drink another drop…”
“Fierre?”
The City Runner hesitated. Fierre was in the center of the room. Something was very wrong. Ryoka knew she should back up. She stepped forwards—
Caught herself.
No. Something was wrong. It was a fool’s idea to go in there. If the room was open—Ryoka summoned the wind.
The Vampire girl stumbled as the wind blew at her back, a blast of air meant to knock her out. But she caught herself.
“Fierre! Come on!”
Ryoka shouted. The wind had activated the room. The darkness lifted for a second and Ryoka saw glowing runes, etched on every surface—she closed her—
 
“Hello, Ryoka. Ye don’t look so well.”
 
A voice spoke behind Ryoka. The City Runner turned. The dungeon…was gone. But she would have known something was wrong anyways.
“Ivolethe?”
The Frost Faerie hung in the air behind Ryoka, perfectly still. Her wings weren’t moving. Her crystalline face stared at Ryoka.
 
“Stupid Human. Ye fell for a trap. Did you really wander into a [Mage]’s trap like the stupid cunt that you are?”
 
“I…guess I did? Thanks. You’re not here—you weren’t there to point it out.”
Ryoka Griffin blinked. She felt…stupid. The Frost Faerie nodded slowly. She looked at Ryoka.
 
“‘Tis madness, you know. Created madness. But luckily for you—you know I’m not here. Don’t you? And you don’t have levels. Watch your friend. She’s of this world.”
 
The words made Ryoka realize the world was spinning. She was babbling something—no, her body was. She looked at the Frost Faerie.
“Ivolethe? Are you…actually here?”
For answer, the fae grinned. Ryoka saw the blackness vanish and the glowing form—
 
—-
 
“…saw a Dragon.”
Ryoka Griffin opened her eyes. She was crouched in the hallway, shielding her face from the dark room. Fierre was lying on the floor, muttering.
Her head ached. But—the flashes of those runes weren’t turning her into a gibbering wreck anymore. Ryoka Griffin had fought it off.
Had that really been Ivolethe? The girl didn’t know. She did know something was wrong. Focus—she staggered upright.
Her bag of holding was missing. One of the shadow-things had stolen it. Damn! And she had no idea how much time had passed.
Fierre was still in there. Ryoka saw the runes flashing at her, trying to drive her towards insanity. But fake insanity, Ivolethe had called it. Whether it had been really her or Ryoka’s subconscious, she was right.
Ryoka had seen worse. It couldn’t have been that long, if nothing else had signaled that. Ryoka didn’t have a dry mouth or wasn’t feeling tired…she looked into the room.
“Fierre!”
She pushed and the wind grabbed at the Vampire. Trying to drag her out of the room.
“Fierre! Don’t look! Close your eyes!”
The Vampire girl looked up. Her mumbling stopped. Too late—Ryoka Griffin realized her error. She saw Fierre’s head raise. Her black hair tumbled around her glowing eyes.
“Do you hate me? I’m hungry, Ryoka.”
She stood up. Her head twisted left and right. And she—Ryoka backed up.
“Fierre. Don’t—”
The Vampire leapt at her. The City Runner reached for her bag of holding that wasn’t there. But she’d hesitated anyways.
 
—-
 
