7.41
Page 7
The first of the two walked into the room and Archmage Valeterisa’s watching mind-segment stirred. If it could be said to be interested in the results…it waited as the girl spun around from the closed door and raised her fists.
Both waited.
…Nothing happened. The girl looked around. The Archmage’s mind expected the mirrors to work. But…something was wrong. An invalid template had entered the room. The Archmage tried to make sense of it and another of her parallel processes devoted itself to the puzzle. Of course, she only had magical data. If she could have seen the room, it would have been obvious.
The Vampire had no reflection.
 
—-
 
“Fierre! Fierre! F—”
The door opened and Fierre waved at Ryoka from the other side of the room.
“Hey Ryoka, I think the trap’s dead! Nothing happened!”
She had opened the other door, which had released the magical lock on Ryoka’s side. Fierre peered through the other corridor.
“Come on!”
Ryoka spied the mirrors. She guessed what had happened.
“Fierre, it’s the mirrors! You have no reflection!”
The Vampire girl slapped her forehead.
“Duh! Gah! I forget you people get reflected by mirrors!”
Ryoka opened and closed her mouth. Then she saw Fierre whirl.
“Hold on. Something just moved. I—”
She stepped through the door as Ryoka drew breath to tell her to wait. And the door slammed shut.
“Fierre!”
Ryoka Griffin raced forwards, then felt the door slam shut. She was ready, though. She looked at the mirrors, drew a tripvine bag, and threw it.
The magical vines burst in the air as Ryoka was reflected across all the mirrors. Ryoka would have settled for mud, but she hadn’t time to make any with the water and sand in her bag of holding. Whatever was coming out of there—
Ryoka saw herself in the mirrors as she braced, one hand holding a jar of acid, the other in her bag of holding. She saw…nothing.
Just herself. The other Ryokas were tensed, ready to move. Ryoka Griffin stared at the vine-covered mirrors facing her. Four in all. They were all large, segmented, covering a half of the room.
Nothing happened. Then—one of the Ryoka’s straightened. She turned to stare at herself. And then began to walk towards the mirror’s edge.
Ryoka felt the hairs on her neck stand up. She saw another Ryoka stand. And then the other two. They walked towards the edge of the mirror. Pushed out of the glass. Three were blocked by the vines, and began to fight them. But the last exited. She raised her fists, and her face twisted in rage—
 
—-
 
The Room of Similarity was her finest work. The mirrors were actually all relic-class artifacts. But she had come up with the concept. Not only did the mirrors reflect the person trapped within, they created doppelgangers with the same spells, Skills—the exact strength of their opponent.
And four? Well, one was bad enough. But four opponents with your Skills and magical abilities and fighting style could overwhelm even experts.
Most people survived, of course. 79.3% progressed onwards, because they had gear, or potions or other items that the mirrors couldn’t reflect. 6.5% turned around and refused to go further until they were forced to continue or captured.
The mirrors weren’t perfect. They just took the base person—the Courier had fought his reflections with spells but triumphed because he had healing and mana potions as well as artifacts.
