7.41
Page 16
Salamani slowly shook his head. Ryoka Griffin pawed through her bag. Half the magical items weren’t working. Healing potions and mana potions did her no good…
“Fuck.”
“Is there anything we can use?”
“Uh—uh—I’ve got food in here.”
“I hate you so much.”
Fierre banged her head on the magical wall as Ryoka took out a handful of sand and threw it at the wall of the cell. Salamani looked at Ryoka.
“A mana potion wouldn’t help you, would it?”
“Nope. Damn.”
Ryoka slumped. She hadn’t thought this one through! If she needed to reach into the bag of holding, then, damnit, she couldn’t break the runes of her cell.
“At least you can move stuff. Maybe there’s something else. My bag of holding has scrolls…none of which will work. But another adventurer or Runner might have left something powerful enough to work even with the field.”
Ryoka sat up. She looked at Salamani. The man’s eyes were burning.
“I thought I was dead. Don’t you give up just yet. We have days, at least!”
She nodded.
“Of course not, Salamani. And in fact…I have a better idea. What if—is there a sword, or staff over there?”
The man and Fierre squashed their faces against the magic walls. Fierre nodded.
“I see a sword! It’s definitely enchanted! Look at that, Salamani!”
The man’s eyes lit up. Ryoka smiled tightly.
“What if I brought one almost into your cell? Halfway? Maybe—”
The other two nodded. Ryoka gritted her teeth. This was going to be even harder. Concentrating that much wind to blow a sword around? Well, she had done it with the bag of holding. And she had turned her doppelganger into jam. Just another reminder of why her trump card—flying about—might have gotten her killed.
“Okay. It’s going to take a while, but same as last time. Just—back me up. Okay, guys? I’m just a bit…tired.”
“Take your time. No rush.”
Salamani gave Ryoka a thumbs-up. So did Fierre.
“We’re going to make it out, Ryoka. Let us know anything we can do.”
The City Runner nodded. She fished in her bag of holding for a stamina potion and then had a thought. Slowly, as she reached for a stamina potion, she looked into her bag.
“Oh. There is something you two can do.”
“What? Anything.”
The two looked at Ryoka curiously. They saw her get up, and then work on another project.
Ryoka had a sleeping bag and blanket in her bag of holding for emergencies. And even stuff like rope, gear for climbing, caltrops—everything a sensible City Runner carried.
It took her seven minutes to make the little curtain with the blanket and some other tools. Ryoka’s voice was muffled.
“Okay, turn around. And cover your ears.”
Salamani and Fierre stared at her. Then they shuffled around. Fierre sighed. Ryoka Griffin relieved at least one of the pressures on her. Then she had a sandwich. Fierre grumbled as she watched Ryoka noshing. Salamani had a pained look of a man starved for a day and a half. Not that pained, but like, really jealous.
“I take it back, Ryoka. This is so lame.”
“This is the reality of the situation. You try not having these problems for half a day. Back me up, Salamani.”
“I really don’t want to.”
 
—-
 
The Archmage of Izril’s thoughts milled about. Trying to make it work. She had taken the idea of looking at a problem from multiple perspectives to its extreme. Her thoughts were all focused on one…breakthrough.
One aspect of magical theory she had deemed most valuable. If—if—if she could make it work, she would surpass Zelkyr—at least, current mage-theory in this one area. Even the old Archmages hadn’t gotten to this level; the theory had been lost.
But it could work.
