7.41
Page 10
Four of the Archmage’s processes listened. Now the intruders were in a more open, labyrinthine area, she had periodic spells to listen to them. They moved out of her ‘earshot’ and she noted the fragment of conversation for later automatically, saving the data in her memory, as it were.
Then her process realized she had far, far too much conversation saved and deleted the scrap since the term ‘Relc’ had turned up nothing in her knowledge banks.
Four of her thoughts—a whole 10%—were now devoted to their progress. Even as she was, Valeterisa loved a good statistical anomaly.
And the two young women were that. Not only were they dodging most of the traps with ease, they had a unique skillset that allowed them to navigate the area.
One of them, the tall one who looked Drathian, was clearly using the wind somehow. With a Skill? She had used it to sense the layout of the labyrinth completely. She was headed for the door and avoiding or anticipating most of the traps that had any noticeable tells, like the fake wall with the spider-summoning artifact.
Not that there was any good route that let you avoid traps. Who would do that? The Archmage saw the smaller girl leap at the spiders just in time for the rune spell to activate.
The spell should have locked down her muscles so the [Furry Spiders] summoned by the spell could overwhelm her, but the little girl just ran through it and punched the spiders to death. She ripped off a leg, dodged a leaping spider—
She was as strong and fast as a Gold-rank [Warrior]! Some kind of [Brawler]? She waved at her friend. The City Runner jogged forwards—and fell on her face as the rune trap got her.
Strange. The other girl dragged her friend to safety, killing a shadow familiar that went after the bag of holding. The familiar’s remnants vanished, to be reformed in the binding chamber. The entire dungeon was designed to be reused; no sense in temporary constructs that needed replacing.
The Archmage’s four processes combined were enough to note details about the intruders, like their appearances. And even have a bit of emotion—curiosity. The two had gone through the second layer with ease, navigating all the traps designed to slow them down while the gas worked.
By rights they should have been stripped of their belongings, affected by the gas and proceeding fights, and worn down for the third layer’s trap. They were not, and the Chamber of Insanity, which had gotten the Courier awaited down a door they were reluctant to enter.
The Archmage’s thoughts tracked them. But they did not summon more processes. The two might bypass this room, which would be interesting to see.
Yes…interesting.
But there was still no chance they’d make it to her.
 
—-
 
The door was incredibly suspicious to Fierre and Ryoka. But they knew it was a trap; the spiral on the doorway indicated to Ryoka that it might be some mental effect.
“So we should go in together. Or let me. I’m good with mind stuff.”
The City Runner couldn’t tell Fierre about Teriarch’s geas, but the Vampire girl was adamant.
“Vampire. Ryoka, when has being a Vampire not worked for me in this place?”
“…Well, once we get outside, one of us can go sunbathing.”
Fierre shoved Ryoka, but gently.
“No one makes traps for my kind anymore, Ryoka. Look, I’ll go in. We’ll try to block the door, but there’s a stupid barrier spell. I go in, and…well, we’ll see. Okay?”
“…Fine. Just be careful. I can’t use the wind; the doors are airtight. Just go in, and…”
“Okay. Okay. But take one of my healing potions. You’re out. Actually, take two. And…”
