7.42 M
Page 5
The Circle of Thorns? Tyrion knew that name. An old group that most nobles knew of—but he had assumed they were long extinct, if he had ever given them a thought. He didn’t remove his hand from his sword’s hilt. But after a moment, he gestured curtly.
“Stand there. My warning applies. Speak your message.”
The [Assassin] sighed. He looked at this over-proud [Lord] with all his bravado. But he was a leader of one of the Five Families. He gave Lord Tyrion his most charming smile and bowed; he did have social-Skills to use for his infiltrations.
“Very well, Lord Veltras. Let me be clear and frank. The Circle of Thorns is not a rumor. Perhaps you have heard of my masters. Well—they exist. And they have existed for ages as a body that does what is necessary for Izril’s survival.”
“Plots and schemes.”
Lord Veltras was not impressed. The [Assassin]’s lips twitched before he could stop them.
“More than schemes, Lord Veltras. When you called for aid—the Circle of Thorns backed you. Part of the reason why so many flocked to your banner and not Magnolia Reinhart was that we believed in your cause. Indeed—we have seen many reasons to favor you over…other…great nobles of Izril.”
He had switched to ‘we’. Tyrion was aware that Magnolia had lost control of the Assassin’s Guild. He had wondered to whom. Now…pieces were connecting.
“And how powerful is your master’s organization?”
“We have many influential nobles and other members. The Assassin’s Guild belongs to the Circle of Thorns. Lord Veltras, the Circle would like to put their assets behind you.”
“I do not like [Assassins].”
Salva. Lord Veltras stared at the man until he grew nervous. The [Assassin] was used to at least some nerves from people who knew he was a trained killer. Tyrion Veltras looked at the [Assassin] as if calculating exactly how many ways he could kill him. The [Assassin] didn’t like the sensation.  He was supposed to do that.
“My Guild is only one part of the Circle, Lord Veltras. There are countless assets the Circle can bring to its allies. Or…members. You have proven your commitment to driving the Drakes back and claiming Izril, as well as your integrity to the true Izril. Compared to traitors to the realm, you are the Circle’s champion. They would make you that in title and reality.”
They wanted him. The [Assassin] spoke slowly as Tyrion’s eyes flickered.
“The Circle of Thorns has many ranks. We would make you the commander of the Circle’s assets. The First of Thorns. But let me speak more of the Circle’s ranks. Of how it operates. This is an honor, Lord Veltras.”
“What if I refuse?”
The [Lord] finally took his hand off the hilt of his sword. The [Assassin] relaxed slightly. Lord Veltras strode over to his desk and checked a glowing scroll; his sons were secure, as was Ullim. No other intruders detected, so far. He glanced at the [Assassin].
“I do not intend to be coerced into allying with any side. Despite your ‘honor’. What if I told your masters no?”
The [Assassin] gritted his teeth. He hadn’t wanted this assignment. Tyrion Veltras was as stubborn as they said.
“Then, they would ask you keep the Circle’s secrets, Lord Veltras. Nothing more. My masters work for the good of Izril. One can be a silent ally of the other, or at least, tolerate its existence.”
“And if I do not wish to do that either? Out of curiosity. What would your masters try to do to me?”
The [Lord] stood there, eyes never leaving the [Assassin]’s face. The man bared his teeth.
