7.42 M
Page 6
“Well, Lord Veltras, it is not my intention to make any threat towards you. As I said, the Circle values you. But my masters will not let Izril fall to ruin. Today, in fact, one of Izril’s greatest traitors will suffer for her transgressions. Against you as well as others. I believe you know her?”
Tyrion looked up. The [Assassin] smiled beatifically. This was the fun part. He watched Tyrion’s expression as he let him in on the secret.
“Today, a scion of the Five Families meets her end. Magnolia Reinhart is about to die. Would you like to watch?”
 
—-
 
Now.
“Lady Ieka Imarris. Another priority [Message] for you. No sender.”
Ieka looked up. Not from Salamani or Valeterisa? Actually—she might forget. She waved a hand.
“Well, send it in.”
The note was short, and unsigned. But when she saw it—Ieka froze.
 
Order a scrying spell at the following coordinates…
 
Slowly she rose.
“Get me a scrying orb.”
She reached for the artifact her [Maids] hurried to bring her. The [Lady] stared at an open stretch of road somewhere she couldn’t place. North of Invrisil a good ways, on the road to First Landing…
She waited. Then she saw a pink carriage. And then—
 
—-
 
Now.
Magnolia Reinhart sat in her carriage, reaching for another cube of sugar. Ressa slapped it out of her hand without looking.
“Ressa! Please, if I must be cooped up in here, at least give me the dignity of sugar.”
“There’s nothing dignified about it. We won’t be much longer. Read a book or something.”
The [Lady] sighed.
“Even the fastest coach in Izril is arduous on the posterior, Ressa. How much further to First Landing?”
“At least three more hours at our speed.”
Lady Magnolia pursed her lips. The ability to cross Izril like, well, the fastest thing on land wasn’t something she liked to complain about normally. But it took her precious time even with her repaired carriage. Teriarch had reinforced the spells. Still—Izril was vast.
The carriage was moving at its classic, faster-than-anything speeds. Reynold was watching birds look at his carriage as he zoomed past them.
They were headed to First Landing. Magnolia sighed as she looked around the carriage, but she didn’t try to toss sugar at Ressa or something like that. She was aware of Sacra and the two other [Maids] riding with her.
“Lady Aerta had better be serious about this entire affair, or I might strangle her.”
Magnolia pursed her lips. She hadn’t intended to go to First Landing today. She was preparing, almost prepared to visit Oteslia. It had consumed her, finding gifts, arranging matters, security, dragging the things she wanted out of Regis’ grasp—
But something had come up. Lady Aerta, someone Magnolia was distantly acquainted with, a product of intermarriage with the Wellfar and Terandrian noble houses, had reached out to Magnolia with a very interesting request.
She had somehow gotten word about the meeting in Oteslia. And, surprises abounded, wanted to accompany Magnolia.
That—was too much to pass up. Magnolia wanted to know how Aerta knew, and if she was serious—consider the offer. Pryde, Bethal, Wuvren, Zanthia—Magnolia had considered all of them, but the invitation had been for her alone and she didn’t want to alarm the Drakes.
Still…Magnolia glanced at Sacra and the two other [Maids]. It could also be a ploy, so Ressa had ordered the other [Maids] to accompany them. Which was silly; if Lady Aerta had some kind of trap, it was going to be of a social design. Attacking a noble member of the Five Families in First Landing was tantamount to suicide.
