7.42 M
Page 7
“I believe I shall have a nap. Inform me about this—this detail about a fire with Archmage Valeterisa’s isle. If she’s gone and blown herself up, we’ll have to deal with that.”
Magnolia sat back and closed her eyes. She did do a lot of organization in the carriage, but it was more tedious. Ressa signed and consulted her informants who had told her about the strange events on the isle.
As they rode, the one man in the carriage—or rather, driving it—was bored. Reynold Ferusdam had to keep alert, though; even going slightly off the road, a collision at this speed spelled death for whomever he hit.
He noticed that the dirt road they were taking that ran along the city of Celical was rather empty for the last stretch. Perhaps a monster attack? He was reaching for a Scroll of Messages to check; Lady Reinhart liked to be appraised of such things when he saw, fast-approaching—two wooden posts in the ground.
They were…just wooden posts. Hammered into the ground. But something about them made the former [Cavalry Lieutenant]’s instincts shrill.
Something—Reynold was a veteran of wars and numerous battles even before he’d come to Magnolia’s service. He didn’t ask for Ressa’s opinion or hesitate. He instantly turned the reins. The carriage shot left, turning with incredible speed. At the same time, Reynold snapped towards the carriage.
“Lady Magnolia, something might be happening. I think—”
The infamous pink carriage swerved left, still at the insane speeds few things in the world could match. It avoided the two posts with the invisible wires strung between them. And—hit the second layer placed to the left and right at top speed.
The magical carriage struck the wires. And the [Trapmaster Assassin] saw and felt his wires take the incredible force of impact. And—hold.
The pink vehicle flipped. It crashed into the ground as the [Butler] went flying. The carriage hit the ground as the ghostly horses vanished and rolled for nearly a hundred feet. It came to a stop, wheels spinning upside down.
“Told you it would work. Let’s get to work.”
The [Trapmaster Assassin] left the cover. And four more [Assassins] walked with him. They strolled over to the pink carriage.
 
—-
 
Now.
They were being watched. Lady Ieka Imarris stared at the downed carriage, a wheel still spinning comically as she adjusted the scrying spell she’d cast.
She—couldn’t believe it. That was Magnolia’s carriage. They’d stopped it. She saw the black-clad figures walking towards it, slowly.
“Four…five? Five? They sent five?”
She had seen the Assassin’s Guild attacking the Couriers. Ieka thought they needed at least a few hundred to make sure they did the job. Then…she looked at the downed carriage.
“Oh.”
They had sent their best. This time—the Assassin’s Guild had sent their Faces. No Ranks. No expendable [Assassins]. Just five of them. One had taken out the carriage. Now, they spread out. One conjured a [Fireball] and blasted the carriage.
The enchanted wood held. The [Assassins] seemed to confer—then one of them approached, with a long sword.
Lady Ieka watched. And she was not the only one who had been told to observe.
They watched, in silence. Countless nobles, using magic and the coded message’s coordinates to observe. Some had been told directly, like Ieka. Others stopped at parties, told by a friend or a friend of a friend. Some had just been told to watch, like Lord Emile, Lord Gralton, or other influential [Lords] and [Ladies].
