7.42 M
Page 1
She was about to send a [Message] spell herself, blasting Salamani for allowing Ryoka to be endangered and angering the Archmage, but then Ieka caught herself. Even when she’d hired Salamani, the odds had been low he’d succeed where other Couriers had failed or given up. A Named Adventurer had quit the assignment.
“This—this is an excellent day. Beyond excellent. With Valeterisa out of seclusion—dead gods. And Ryoka did it?”
That was what the message had said. Ieka remembered the City Runner and could scarcely credit it. No wonder Ryoka had been so confident! She must have been furious to know about the Courier being hired after her. How had it happened?
Ieka would find out. And she’d make a proper apology to Ryoka. With gold! Oh yes. And perhaps a private dinner…?
No, no. Ieka caught herself. Subtlety. But Ryoka Griffin’s exploits would not go unrewarded or unmentioned. Oh no. If no one was considering her as a potential Courier—well, this all but cemented her recommendation.
And what had Ryoka requested aside from gold? Oh yes, the poor girl had wanted a party. In Riverfarm? Ieka blinked as she put together Lady Rie and the [Emperor] with…
Well, she would get her party. Ieka had connections. Lots of them. For Miss Griffin, she would lean as hard as she could to get the girl whatever party she wanted. Entertainment? Ieka could supply the mage-illusions herself, she was so exuberant!
Fantastic news. Just—Ieka sat down to plan and send her own flurry of [Messages]. The Archmage of Izril had returned. It was fantastic news.
She was busy—until the third priority-[Message] reached her just past midday. And if she had thought the other two were important…
 
—-
 
Then.
It was one of those fine summer days. Hot, yes, but with enough of a breeze to make it feel comfortable rather than just hot.
The smartly-dressed [Messenger] who rode up to the keep’s gates was rarer than Runners. But his class still existed; a sort of private messenger you could afford between the nobility.
“I have a personal statement for Lord Veltras. May I speak to his lordship at his convenience?”
The man’s demeanor, dress, and refined manners all spoke to his nature as a high-class servant of some house. Possibly, even one of the Five Families.
However, the [Majordomo] of House Veltras, Ullim, informed the [Messenger] that a meeting wouldn’t be immediate.
“His Lordship is riding. He will return within the hour. If you have a missive, it can be left here.”
“Ah, then I will wait. The message is confidential—verbal only. At Lord Tyrion’s convenience.”
The servant smiled. Ullim did not.
“His Lordship will return and see to you in time. You may be waiting for longer.”
That, the [Messenger] did not like.
“I—see. But if you would inform his lordship my master would appreciate a swift request—”
“If your master does not announce themselves, Lord Veltras will take their message at his convenience.”
With that, the [Majordomo] had the [Messenger] escorted to a guest room where he was watered and fed—with about that much delicacy. The food was closer to a rider’s rations than something elegant.
It rather put the man off. He was thus annoyed when it turned out that Lord Tyrion, after a two hour morning ride, returned to his study but did not immediately see the [Messenger]. He took his sweet time about it and the old [Majordomo] would not be convinced to persuade his master. The [Messenger] was really annoyed—especially because he had a time limit to deliver his missive. It was all about timing.
And style.
 
—-
 
