7.42 M
Page 3
He had mentioned that—without being truly serious; she was a decade older than Hethon. But the response had been…infuriating. The [Emissary] had politely stated that there was no way King Itorin would ever marry his daughter off to a ‘distant noble house of such standing’.
King Itorin II didn’t seem to know or care how infuriating that was to Lord Tyrion. The [Lord] remembered such grudges. Nor was he afraid of Ailendamus; the Terandrian nation might be a giant among other nations where it stood, but it did not rule Izril.
By contrast, Calanfer proved its reputation for good politics, even if it wasn’t nearly as adept at military matters. They had approached Tyrion after his exchange, possibly having heard of it, with a much more flattering approach. The Lord of House Veltras had ignored that, of course, but their offer had been direct and meant to strike a contrast.
For his aid, they would offer no less than arranged marriage between Hethon or Sammial and a [Princess] of Calanfer. One of the many [Princesses], true, and thus a distant chance that the [Lord] would ever become [King]—but the benefits were still enormous.
And troublesome. Tyrion had thought it over for a long while. Either it would be an existing, unmarried [Princess], or, if the royal family had another heir, a [Princess] newly born, a marriage when both were of age.
In either case, there was an age imbalance. And that troubled the [Lord] greatly. He wasn’t sure what to do.
His marriage had been arranged when he was a boy. It had turned out for the best, since there had been love there. But Tyrion was aware of arranged marriages that ended poorly; the majority, in fact.
He…wanted the best for Hethon and Sammial. But was that irresponsible young love or…marrying into Terandrian royalty, however distantly?
“They should have better lives than mine. Hethon would be a [Prince] by marriage. If he took the house—he would be royalty, the first—no, second—Izril had known in ages. Or Sammial could inherit…”
He had to consider it. But in diplomacy, one could move forwards while still leaving room to back out. Tyrion had considered the options frankly. Of the current [Princesses], there were two of Calanfer who were eligible. The 4th and 6th Princesses…er…Seraphel and Lyonette, according to his information.
The 4th Princess was even older than Ozena. And married multiple times, a widow at least once. Tyrion grimaced.
“The 4th Princess is not acceptable. I would…consider the 6th Princess of Calanfer.”
She was about five to six years older than Hethon. That was…possible. And for such negotiations, this was a first step.
Calanfer was far more amenable than Ailendamus. Jericha brought back an immediate reply; their [Diplomats] were always prompt and ready to reply or take a response back from their [King]. That was true soft power. And they also made their statement in a refreshingly straight-forward way, calculated to appeal to House Veltras’ leader. Tyrion read the offer grimly.
They wanted him to vouch for another of the Five House’s support—or two. That would be significant. The communiques practically stated that if he brought two more Houses against Ailendamus overtly—the marriage was as good as done.
He had to think about this. The war with Ailendamus didn’t concern Tyrion; that was almost an upside. Even if House Veltras went to war, they wouldn’t overcommit and with the right strategy, they could efficiently level and inflict losses on the enemy. He would relish that.
