7.42 M
Page 0

Then.
Ryoka Griffin didn’t know if she liked the Archmage of Izril or was disappointed. Because when she realized how many prisoners had died in those cells—how many intruders…she looked guilty.
“I forgot to task myself with monitoring them. Oh no. What an error. And they…starved to death? They would have—without food—oh no. Did I forget? What do I do? Were some of them important? I—I—”
A look of genuine distress flashed across her face. But—rather than moral anguish over the deaths she’d caused—it was more like someone realizing that the pets they were supposed to housesit had all starved to death. Serious—but not like actual death.
Even so. Her reaction was mortal. Unguarded. For a moment. The Archmage of Izril panicked as she floated down to the ground. She put a hand to her temples.
“I—I—”
Then her expression went unsettlingly calm. Her hysteria subsided. Valeterisa spoke in an inflectionless voice.
“That was clearly an error. Moving on—it seems my experimentation was flawed. I was caught in a mental paradox; being too close yet unable to solve the conclusion. In totality—your presence was beneficial. You will be rewarded, Runners.”
Ryoka Griffin, Salamani, Fierre—looked at the Archmage of Izril. Valeterisa’s expression was cold before it flitted back to tired, rueful emotion.
“I’ve made a mistake. But I’m close. Yet it was good I woke up. There is so much I have to do. Come with me.”
She beckoned them. And Ryoka Griffin realized—she had done it. There was more to settle, but she had accomplished an impossible delivery. She had won her reward.
One more noble for the Summer Solstice party. Only a few more impossible tasks to do. Then she could meet her friend who had died.
It was a fitting quest.
 
—-
 
Now.
Lady Ieka Imarris was annoyed. She was pulling strings, and still—Lady Rie demanded more little favors for this [Emperor]. It was everything from nudging a [Merchant] to adjust his course to trade concessions, arranging salt from an allied [Lord] to be sold to Riverfarm, thus benefitting both groups and breaking the House Ulta salt monopoly.
She had the power to do that as a higher-ranking member of the Circle of Thorns. Even so, it grated on Ieka’s nerves.
Yet, if she was upset over the [Emperor] situation that she had no control over—her mood changed the moment she got the [Message].
“Lady Imarris, priority [Message] for you from Salamani the Courier!”
“What? Give it to me at once!”
The [Lady] snatched the slip of paper with shaking hands. She had been certain Salamani had a chance. But could it really be…? She read the note from the Mage Runner and gasped, blinked twice, and read it again, slower.
 
The Archmage of Izril is awake. I cede credit for the delivery to Ryoka Griffin. Requesting agreed-upon hazard pay. 
            –Salamani
 
“Ryoka Griffin? But I thought—”
Before Ieka could [Message] Salamani back and demand a proper explanation, her [Maid] arrived, panting.
“Lady Ieka—another [Message]. From—from Archmage Valeterisa.”
Ieka dropped the first note. The second one was just as short. Wide-eyed the [Maid] retreated as Ieka read it.
 
I am not pleased. But I will speak with you at earliest convenience. Your Runners burned my isle down. Was that intentional? We will meet shortly.
            –Valeterisa, Archmage of Wistram.
 
Ieka Imarris felt…unsteady. She massaged her temple.
“Burned part of her…? What did they do?”
