7.42 M
Page 14
The [Lord] blocked the spell mid-flight. Barely. He landed, shaking his head, ears ringing, and then the [Blademaster] was on top of him as the throwing-expert tossed a bolas.
“Well? Does he die or not?”
Sithorn aimed his crossbow at the [Lord]’s head. He could practically sense the elites of House Veltras bearing down on them.  He waited—and at last, the babble of voices resolved itself.
“No. Izril cannot lose its most powerful [Lord]. Leave. Now.”
The [Assassin] threw the stone down and cursed.
“Evacuate!”
The Faces looked at him in disgust. Tyrion Veltras, shield raised, saw them leap away. He looked around.
The dead [Maids]. The broken carriage. His mount.
Sacra.
When Tyrion Veltras’ bodyguard finally caught up, he stood alone. Alone…his deed of saving Magnolia Reinhart seen by his peers. And Magnolia Reinhart?
She was nowhere to be found.
 
—-
 
“Why did he do it? He hates her.”
“She even left him during the battle. He’s a fool. An idiot. Veltras honor.”
“The Faces are outraged—”
“Let them. This was not acceptable. You. You decided to approach Tyrion.”
“I th—”
The sound cut off. The Circle of Thorns went silent. After a long, long pause, someone spoke.
“What do we do now?”
One voice spoke. Calmly. Suppressing the fury of it all.
“He will suffer for this. Tyrion Veltras has proven himself to be a feral hound, not an ally…he will be brought to heel. He is a fool. And he will see just how far our reach extends. When he swears himself to the Circle—he will do so as servant to the cause, not ally. Now, begone.”
The meeting ended. The Circle of Thorns broke up.
They had failed to kill Lady Magnolia Reinhart. Lord Tyrion, at no benefit to himself, had done the unthinkable. The Circle had made its one mistake in him.
What a fool. The Lord of House Veltras slowly rode back to his lands. He had no reward. He was injured. He’d lost his horse, and Magnolia Reinhart was gone; if she had thanks for him, well.
He hadn’t done it for her.
“Milord? Why did you ride to her defense? You could have…died?”
Tyrion did not like to admit that himself. But he had not…known…how strong the [Assassins] were. They had nearly brought him down, armed with his best artifacts, on the charge. He looked at Jericha.
“Why, Jericha? Was it not clear?”
His tone was surprised, as if it was written clear as day on his face. Jericha hesitated.
“I know the honor of the situation demanded it, but even so, the risk to yourself—”
“Not just that.”
The [Lord] slashed with his lance. He was riding a spare mount. He looked ahead, tiredly. Back towards home, far away. He rode ahead of Jericha.
“It was just…Hethon and Sammial. If I let her die, how could I raise them with anything like integrity? Assassins? We are better than that, Jericha. We must be.”
She looked at his back. The [Lord] rode home. And Izril changed for that moment.
Magnolia Reinhart left the north three days later.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Thus ends seven days of writing. I had planned the ending with the beginning. I don’t know if I did it proper justice; I wish I was certain.
It’s been tiring. In seven days, The Last Tide came out. I lived without air conditioning in the summer’s heat. I killed three spiders and a lotta moths.
Oh, and I wrote a lot of words. I hope you enjoyed this, whenever you read this. I will now take off the rest of the month to rest and work on other TWI-related projects. Thank you for reading and understanding.
That’s all from me. See you in a bit.
 
–pirateaba
 
https://ko-fi.com/lightsresonance
https://www.deviantart.com/lightsresonance
 
Headscratcher’s Death, by Lire

 

