7.42 M
Page 2
Lord Tyrion Veltras was not in a good mood, either. True, that was not a rare occurrence, but today he was genuinely irked.
Over Terandria. Anyone with an eye towards continental politics was aware of the Ailendamus war threatening the Dawn Concordat of three kingdoms. Like many Terandrian conflicts, this was a war about politics as much as actual conflict, so a lot of maneuvering had been going on.
Ailendamus had been encroaching on Kaliv’s lands, threatening other kingdoms, building up an excuse, casus belli, for war. Trade blockades, convincing other kingdoms to abandon the three smaller kingdoms so they’d be weakened when war actually began—
The larger empire was a giant, having swallowed other nations’ territory and won several wars in the two decades since King Itorin II had come to power. They were set to roll over the Dawn Concordat if Pheislant, Noelictus, or another nation with an axe to grind didn’t decide to help out. Even then—Ailendamus just wasn’t a fun nation to fight. If it halted wars with the other nations and focused on you…well, then you were in trouble.
Politics. Tyrion understood most of what was going on and he wasn’t even directly invested in the war. It was far from Izril’s shores. He just liked to keep up on such things, like the King of Destruction’s conquests and Balerosian battles, as well.
Ailendamus had taken a bloody nose in that incident with the Lord of the Dance. They’d lost an entire fleet and suffered diplomatically as well, for all they screamed it had been a trick.
Still—if Ailendamus went to war, the Dawn Concordat was in trouble as it was. Lord Tyrion had evaluated their armies and, in his mind, the outcome was a defensive victory with significant casualties and unavoidable losses of territory on the Dawn Concordat’s side at best. And that relied on the strength of their warriors and expertise of their generals—never a given thing.
But those nations knew that too. So each one was reaching out for allies. And as it happened—Izril had a history of interfering in Terandrian conflicts and vice versa. Of course, King Itorin knew that the Dawn Concordat knew that so…they had reached out to Tyrion Veltras.
The Lord of House Veltras had received two offers, one from Ailendamus via their [Emissaries], and another from Calanfer, the most political of the three members of the Dawn Concordat. What they wanted was simple: when war began, House Veltras would send aid to their side, in form of troops, resources, and perhaps even Lord Tyrion himself.
It was a smart move. Lord Tyrion had one of the most elite standing armies and his House could threaten either side just by allying. And if he pulled in another of the Five Families? It could swing the entire war.
So—Ailendamus was eager to prevent that, or get him on their side. But Calanfer was far more desperate. Both had reached out to Tyrion and offered a traditional method of incentive, which had troubled the Lord Veltras this day and the entire week. It had put him off hunting and his training.
Ailendamus had offered the hand of a [Baroness] to Hethon, Lord Veltras’ older son, or an arranged marriage with a noble of similar rank for his noninterference.
Lord Tyrion had been insulted at once. A [Baroness], marrying the heir to House Veltras? It spoke to Ailendamus’ overinflated egos, as well as their disdain for Izrilian nobilities, their ‘uncultured cousins’. Tyrion had sent an instant refusal and made a counteroffer.
“Princess Ozena’s hand would be acceptable.”
