7.43 G
Page 4
They had never really met. The Hobgoblin nodded.
“I don’t know magic card games. But I can play…”
He placed a silver coin on the table. And after a moment, added a little stoppered vial.
Full of gold dust. Instantly, the table was full. Ratici’s grin widened. He was going to get that gold. And the blue diamond the Hobgoblin was carrying. To that end, he showed the Hobgoblin all the cards.
“Let’s play Seaman’s Vault. You know all the cards? Same commands. You say Ivet to activate this one—see? Invisible card in your hand, free to play…you can keep it between rounds…”
He was so engaged in drawing the Hobgoblin in that Ratici made one mistake. Numbtongue glanced at how relaxed the Drake [Thief] was around him, even with the softener of the gold dust vial. He smiled himself. Until the Drake won the next three rounds of cards.
 
—-
 
Wilovan found Ratici cheating on the fourth round. The [Thug] sighed.
“Room for one more? Excuse me, gentlemen. And you, sir? I believe we’ve seen each other about. My name is Wilovan, sir.”
“Numbtongue.”
The Hobgoblin nodded as the Gnoll tipped his cap. But he was distracted. Ratici smiled as he checked his cards. He had…nothing. But he shifted and subtly checked the other cards. One glowed to him—well, not exactly, but it had an aura. Two cards down in the deck—
“Aha!”
Everyone was distracted as a crowing Menolit won another game of pool. Ratici’s clawed hand moved so fast only Wilovan saw it return.
Suddenly, he had a pair. And he had switched one of the cards in his hand with the one he wanted.
A master [Thief] could win against people who didn’t know he was playing. Wilovan scowled at Ratici. His friend hadn’t come back to the table, so Wilovan had tipped and gone after him. Now he was being unsporting.
It was as close to violating their personal code of conduct as either got. Wilovan sighed as he was dealt in.
“Mister Numbtongue, I have to warn you, my companion, Ratici here, is something of a [Gambler]. He should have announced it.”
“No wonder. He swept the table three times! I’m out!”
A Human player threw down her cards in disgust. Fea; she’d been convalescing after her injury. Numbtongue frowned, but he nodded cautiously at Wilovan.
The hat-Gnoll was just as convivial to Numbtongue as Ratici. Or rather—there was no wariness in either. That made them more approachable.
“I’m not a [Gambler]. Is it a good class?”
“Focused. One finds one lives on the odds. I personally find it tiring, but it’s more common in big cities. There have even been adventurers who gamble using luck-Skills. Such as Ratici loves to employ.”
“How is that fair? Raise one silver.”
A Drake grumbled. Ratici matched the bet. Wilovan sighed. Ratici couldn’t win everything, but he could always figure out how to steal himself a pair, or even two-pair. He couldn’t tell what card he stole—just that it was something he wanted. He checked his hand.
“Nothing. Fold. And to answer your question, Miss…”
“Drassi. I came here to relax, not lose everything.”
She glowered. Wilovan raised his brows.
“Aren’t you the new [Reporter] on the broadcast?”
“That’s right! No autographs. Especially not to him.”
Drassi glared at Ratici. Wilovan tipped his hat.
“My pardons, Miss. To answer your question—a good [Gambler] is checked by his opponents. [Mages] and their predictive spells, a good [Rogue] might steal—quite uncouth, but it happens.”
“All is fair in the nature of the game, Wilovan. If there was a cap on Skills it should have been announced.”
Ratici was shameless. The Gnoll and other Human both folded. Numbtongue…hesitated.
