7.43 G
Page 7
The Gnoll met his eyes. Numbtongue hesitated.
By rights he should tell Erin and…let her do her thing. But then again—the two could be serious trouble. Let it slide? The Hobgoblin hesitated.
Something made him ask a question rather than go find Erin and trigger an event. The way the two were so casual.
“Why…are you two not afraid of me?”
Ratici snorted. Wilovan blinked.
“Should we be, sir? Ah—then again…”
He studied Numbtongue casually.
“Let’s just say we’ve met good folks like yourself before, Mister Numbtongue.”
“Really?”
The [Bard]’s jaw dropped. Reiss’ jaw dropped. Pyrite wasn’t surprised. The Gnoll closed one eye.
“If you understand the peculiarities of where my companion, Ratici and I work, sir, you’d understand that our sort doesn’t always stand by the law. Not sure if you do; Goblins er, don’t know much of other societies. Most of them.”
“I know a…bit.”
Numbtongue hesitated. He knew they were criminals. But the [Bard] knew only a bit more than your average Antinium. Crime among Goblins was different. Ratici chewed on a fry.
“Let’s just say this, friend. Where we work, all sorts can find employment. Even types most’d call ‘monsters’. Those who do not level can sometimes still think. And Goblins can do both.”
“Really? Then in cities—there are Goblins?”
The two Gentlemen Callers exchanged a glance. They rather liked this odd Goblin. But they might have said too much. Wilovan sighed as he adjusted his hat and gave Numbtongue a grave look.
“The sort whom you might meet in a bustling city ain’t the sort you’d want to make friends with, Mister Numbtongue. No indeed.”
“But—but they exist? In cities?”
The Hobgoblin was awestruck. He had grown up in the sewers of a city, but that had been the closest any Goblin had gotten to living in a city aside from Garen Redfang’s legendary exploits. Or so he thought.
But the world was vast. And Wilovan’s gaze was steady and honest—as honest as a crook got as he smiled. He raised a mug in a toast to a new friend as Ratici chuckled.
“Well now, haven’t you heard the old saying? Goblins can be found everywhere. Funny that you’d not believe it yourself. Believe me, friend. Everywhere means everywhere. ”
 
—-
 
There were three types of Goblins in this world. They w—
Actually, there were lots more than three types of Goblins. Even if you divided along the most basic lines, they differed. And that wasn’t even going into the differences between a Cave Goblin or a Mountain Goblin.
Goblins came in so many different kinds of forms. Why, even their basic…forms came in more than three kinds. You had your basic Goblin, Hobgoblins, Fomirelins—although Goblins forgot or differed in what they called them; Great Goblin was another word for them—and…
There were three ways you could arbitrarily categorize Goblins in this world. In a manner that mattered to Goblins, of course.
The first kind of Goblin was rare. Unheard of, as alien to Numbtongue as organized crime—no—even more incomprehensible.
A ship of them sailed across the ocean, through dark waters. A ship crewed by Goblins. The same one that [Strategists] had once met over Kraken’s Pass.
Even amid the myriad of sights on the sea, this was a rare one. And if you knew why they sailed—any non-Goblin ship would be twice as afraid.
The Goblins on the ship were decent sailors. ‘Decent’ in that they knew everything about how ships worked, the sails, navigating the currents—but only a handful had classes in sailing.
The rest were different. Passengers who helped out and followed orders with that uncanny Goblin teamwork that allowed them to be competent at sea.
