7.43 G
Page 6
But they didn’t look like it. And Numbtongue, now free of the concentration of the game and having Reiss help him figure out his odds of winning based on the cards at play, realized something.
The hats were familiar. He narrowed his crimson eyes as Ratici ordered some snacks to go with the drinks. The two were so relaxed, so fearless…where had he seen the hats before? He felt like the duo’s way of talking was familiar too. But from where?
“You’re getting soft. They’re the same as the ones from Celum.”
Reiss stood there. Numbtongue’s eyes widened.
They were friends of the [Enforcer]. The hat-men! He looked up, suddenly tense. He saw Wilovan pause in drinking and Ratici’s eyes narrow. They were too perceptive.
“Something we say alarm you, sir? I was just asking if you preferred an ale…”
“No. Not that. You two are…Brothers? Why are you here?”
Numbtongue’s hand slowly fell towards his waist. Towards the glorious new sword Pelt had made for him. He could cut steel in twain with it. But suddenly—the [Bard] didn’t feel safe.
Wilovan didn’t move. He just eyed Numbtongue. He had a polished little club at his side, a rather harmless weapon for a world in which a sword was an ordinary sidearm. But Numbtongue suddenly felt he was in great danger.
Look at the way he moves. Both of them. The [Thief] is so fast you can’t see him steal cards. He can steal your sword at this range and put a dagger in your chest. If you have to fight—the only way to kill someone like that is to grab him and never let go. Bite his throat out and pray he underestimates you. The other one’s strong, though. [Enhanced Strength] looks like that. Kill the [Thief] and use the sword on him…
Pyrite’s memories were precise. Numbtongue tensed. Neither Gentleman Caller moved.
“We seem to have alarmed you, sir.”
Wilovan very slowly reached for his belt. Numbtongue froze—and saw the Gnoll slowly pull out something.
A pipe. Wilovan lit it, puffed a few times. Erin had grudgingly reversed her ban on smoking indoors so long as people sat next to an opened window due to Palt-pressure.
“Now, why would someone think that, Wilovan?”
Ratici sat back, looking equally calm. The Gnoll blew a bit of smoke out the window, past the bee who was collecting some nectar. Apista waved an antennae at Numbtongue. He didn’t notice. Rude Goblin.
Wilovan spoke to the ceiling.
“Well now. We may have happened upon a report concerning a fellow who, insofar as we understand it, ran afoul of our group. But since such a fellow would be understandably at odds with most folks, we did not hold him accountable for that particular bit of unpleasantness. That might be why, wouldn’t it, Ratici? But such a fellow wouldn’t have cause to be nervous, I expect.”
The Drake took over, nodding and looking past Numbtongue.
“Not at all. Our issue would be with whomever led our group to such an unfortunate incident. Which we have, in fact, settled with. Of course, if such a fellow were to keep doing things that were inconveniencing, well, our understanding would become rapidly unpleasant on our side, so to speak.”
When he finally understood what they were saying, the [Bard] relaxed slightly. The two Gentlemen Callers winked at him. The Hobgoblin looked at them.
“Why are you here every day, then?”
“Let’s just say we’re here on business. Business which involves nothing of harm to you or this inn and a great deal of help if the need should arise. Swear on a truth stone if you have one. Why don’t we drink and if you’re so uncomfortable, we go our separate ways with nothing more said of it?”
