7.43 G
Page 18
Rags turned to the scowling Invek. She was not pleased by this development. From Kerra’s memories, Rags knew that Ogres abandoning a clan wasn’t the terrible indictment it usually was among Goblin tribes.
But it wasn’t great. To buy time, Rags turned to Snapjaw.
“Snacks. Give.”
The [Biter] looked pained as she dug out more of Calescent’s snacks. The spicy, mouth-watering bits of the large-tailed rodents he fried up were excellent meals for Goblins—or snacks for the huge Ogres.
That quieted everyone down as they went to find water or milk; only Snapjaw could eat them without leaking from most orifices. Rags turned to the Ogres who wanted to come with her.
“Ogres can’t fly on Wyverns. Too heavy. Too many Goblins.”
“Can walk.”
The younger female Ogre looked blankly at Rags. The vast distance to the High Passes didn’t seem to deter her. Rags chewed on her lip.
In theory, a single Ogre might be able to ride an adult-Wyvern. And it was certainly possible to find a route back towards the High Passes for the Ogres. But why?
“Want potions? What kind of potions? Healing potions?”
Rags gave the Ogress a dubious look. Instantly, she shook her head and slapped her chest.
“Ogres too strong! Not healing. Other potion. All clans need for live.”
Seeing Rags’ totally blank expression, the Ogre scratched at her head. She turned to the others. After some conferring, they produced something. A nearly-empty bottle. Rags took it, opened it, sniffed it.
It was…violet. Which told her nothing. Potions were all kinds of colors because each [Alchemist] had a different recipe. This one shimmered with bits of glowing red. Rags narrowed her eyes. That looked like Sage’s Grass. Which meant this potion might be—
She took a tiny sip as the Ogres watched carefully. Rags felt the energy run through her. Weak—but it recharged her. The [Steelflame Tactician] lowered the bottle and exhaled a small gout of flame with the excess magic she’d taken in. The Ogres nodded. Rags looked at them.
“Mana potions?”
A few questions later, it was clear. The what. Not the why, not just yet. But the Ogres were adamant. They didn’t want paying in steel—weapons their size. They’d happily take mana potions over that.
They fought Humans for mana potions. Not just—treasure or slaves or any other reason. Rags was astounded.
“Very need. Is bad…bad without many.”
“Why? Ogres need magic to live?”
Another shake of the head. Invek had consented to talk despite her clear annoyance with the situation. Rags scratched at her head. Invek sighed impatiently.
“Magic makes magic.”
No kidding? Rags gave her the same annoyed look. She saw Invek gesture.
“Look. Clan Shaman.”
An Ogre with a crude staff had been sitting among the others. Rags had noticed Invek listening to this Ogre now and then. He was clearly not a warrior. Now, he rose and walked over as Invek deferentially gestured.
“This Dolom. Great spellcaster of Tormek Al. Came from smaller tribe for many gold. Potions.”
Ah, so they were in great demand. Rags inclined her head. Dolom eyed her, then nodded.
“Rags Goblin casts spells. We—kin.”
He lowered the staff and touched Rags’ chest gently. Rags felt the power in the staff and swatted it away. Dolom was watching her. She had the distinct impression he’d just checked her magical abilities.
“Touch again and I cast [Fireball].”
She warned him. Dolom grinned toothily.
“Human magic. Ogres have magic too. Need potions. I was Ogre. Stupid. Drink many potions. Now, magic is mine.”
That explained it. Rags blinked.
“You…got magic powers from potions?”
