7.43 G
Page 30
Shouting. The Goblin saw a figure standing in the doorway, sword drawn. It shone—a crystal blade. But the young woman—the [Warrior] hesitated.
He could kill her. But…it was her. The Goblins lowered the blade as the [Innkeeper] offered him something. A healing potion. He took it, drank. Then looked up.
“Who…are you?”
But he knew before Erin Solstice told him.
A friend.
 
—-
 
Invrisil was in chaos. The Player’s Retreat was under siege. The Watch had pursued the last Goblin. And they wanted him dead.
“Move aside!”
A half-Elf—a girl with a bow—was trying to aim it into the inn. She’d nearly loosed on the Hobgoblin before he’d ducked back. Now—Numbtongue stood to the side, out of view.
But his master-crafted longsword blocked the doorway, threatening to cut down anyone who came through. And it was Erin Solstice who blocked the door with knife in hand.
“Back up. No one’s killing that Goblin. Someone get me the sign!”
She slashed as one of the [Senior Guards] tried to move forwards. He backed up, cursing.
“That Goblin is dead! They cut their way here! Let us through or—”
“This is my inn. You want him? You’d better be prepared for a fight.”
“We’re Arcsinger’s Bows! A Named Rank team! Don’t make us hurt you!”
The half-Elf scoffed. She aimed her bow—but only as a threat. The [Innkeeeper] lifted the knife.
“Anyone steps through and if I don’t smack you, Numbtongue will. He’s a Goblin. You try hurting him and I’ll kill you.”
The Watch hesitated. This was unprecedented! One reached for the door—Erin kicked at him and slashed.
“You can’t do this! We’ll arrest you!”
“Oh yeah? I’m on Liscor’s lands. You don’t have jurisdiction here.”
“Juris—what? Open that door or we’ll use force!”
Erin Solstice’s eyes narrowed. Slowly, she backed up. The Watch advanced. But—the Goblin was out of sight. And there was a hallway that made those with [Dangersense] or intuition Skills uneasy.
The [Innkeeper] smiled nastily at them. Her eyes flickered.
“You want him? Come and get him.”
She slammed the door. With a shout of fury, the half-Elf [Archer] leapt forwards. She swung the door open, charged—
And smacked into the wall.
 
—-
 
That wasn’t the end of it, of course. Numbtongue knew it. So long as Erin wanted the door to Invrisil to remain open…they would want the Goblin.
He could hear her arguing with Lyonette, with the [Guards] and people on Liscor’s side of the door. For now it was closed.
They were safe. In theory. But to be extra-certain, the Goblins—both of them—were in the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Safety within safety. The smaller Goblin was staring about. He had looted some leather armor along with the two daggers. They, like him, were covered in blood.
He had fought his way through Invrisil, taking down Human warriors with his small group. Even Redfangs would have been impressed. Now, the Goblin stared into the inn.
“No, absolutely not.”
A [Princess] snatched Mrsha back as the Gnoll peeked at the Goblin through the door. He blinked, and then turned to Numbtongue. Erin was waving a fist in Zevara’s face and the Drake was pointing and shouting at the two—
The door closed. Numbtongue stood there, with the strange Goblin. He was not from a tribe Numbtongue knew; he had some tattoos on his skin, in dark ink. The Goblin stopped wiping blood from his healed skin and looked at him.
They stood there. Two Goblins. Different. Instantly familiar. Numbtongue saw the smaller Goblin grin as he pointed at something.
Warpaint. Numbtongue still kept some, although there would never be enough skin for all the markings.
“You. You Redfang?”
