7.43 G
Page 12
“We’re not fighting a damn Greater Wyvern, you idiots. That’s suicide. Hold up—I see something ahead. Mendel, check it out.”
The team sent ahead a Gnoll [Tracker]. He sniffed the air, but the Goblins were good at hiding their scent. And what the Gnoll saw made him go running back.
“Dead gods! Dead gods!”
“Mendel, what is—Rhir’s fucking hells! Back! Back! Oh, Selphid’s tits, there are hundreds of them!”
“Wh—oh no.”
The sniggering Goblins tried to keep quiet. Calescent felt Badarrow nudging him proudly. The [Cook] offered one of the spares he’d kept for Badarrow to inspect. The [Sniper] took a look and sniffed before taking a bite.
Not great. But that wasn’t the point. He swallowed the special egg and watched the adventurers panicking.
Calescent had worked hard on them. He’d taken your basic egg and actually hollowed the interior while leaving a transparent outer layer just solid enough to hold a gel. He’d made the gel too, out of a few ingredients.
Sage’s Grass, some orange dye, and water and voila. The Goblins had made a glowing nest of eggs which the adventurers were freaking out over.
“Crelers! Do you see any living?”
“No—but if they’re out in the open?”
The Goblins had artistically piled them up near an overhang, as if spilling outwards. The adventurers were debating what to do. Badarrow was worried—until he heard their leader whispering.
“No! No, no, no! We’re not fighting a nest that size! You want to end up like those guys at the Bloodfields? I heard it was a multi-party wipe! We call it in, and someone else can burn the nest to hell and back. Evacuate now! Spread the word!”
They practically sprinted away from the deadly eggs. Badarrow slapped Calescent on the back. Another team distracted and hopefully this one would spread the news.
“Chieftain has good ideas. Anyone want spare eggs?”
Badarrow shook his head. Calescent chewed on his creations good naturedly as he shared them around. Honestly, the hardest part had been getting that many eggs. They’d had to use all kinds of pilfered eggs now that Rabbiteater couldn’t easily get food and supplies. Actually—they had some livestock too. But they’d used goose eggs, chicken eggs, duck eggs…
It was Rags’ idea, the traps. She had come up with all these deterrents, borrowing from Pyrite for some tactics but improving her own. Badarrow’s favorite was the poo technique. They hadn’t had to employ that one; that was higher up.
It was nothing fancy. It was just a matter of spreading a week’s worth of Goblin and Wyvern excrement over an area where the adventurers might conceivably climb towards Goblinhome.
They…tended to turn around and go elsewhere when the wind blew the perfume at them or they saw the issue covering—well, everything. The only problem was that you had to reapply whenever it rained, but there was always a supply, as it were.
Launching wasp nests, planting traps some other adventurer had ‘accidentally’ left behind…oh, there were wonderful things you could do. All of it had kept Goblinhome safe. Not every adventurer was fooled of course…but none had ever lived to talk about Goblinhome.
The last defense between adventurers and Goblinhome was simple. If they made it past all the deterrents for whatever reason, the trap-hill with the crossbow Cave Goblins waited. And—from the cliffs—a single Hobgoblin [Greatbow Sniper], certified by Badarrow himself. The Hobgoblin would be sitting in front of a Thunderbow. And the oversized crossbow-ballista had claimed exactly three adventurer’s lives. One had been a Gold-rank.
