7.43 G
Page 26
The truth was that the fair had a lot to offer—but the play was new, and new trumped Igil’s performers. Added to that—some of the ‘exotic sights’ like the winged Garuda performer who flew with some of the [Acrobats] and [Tumblers] performing death-defying stunts at altitude, even from rooftop to rooftop…didn’t impress Invrisil’s people.
“We have Garuda in Invrisil. And I visited Pallass just yesterday to see what the fuss was about those skating boards. Garuda everywhere.”
One of the visitors was singularly unimpressed. Igil stared at him.
“Pallass? Yesterday? Do you have a magical carpet or something?”
A lot had changed that he wasn’t aware of. The magical door, for one. But—it wasn’t really important. Igil’s woes, the circus coming to grips with acting…
What mattered was that as the [Fairmaster] cut the price of admission and desperately advertised with his fair just outside the city proper, he had some of the caged ‘wonders’, which were actually monsters, brought into the city to show off. Among the wagons were the monster train, which had horrifying creatures designed to terrify those who saw them.
No Crelers. There had been…an incident. But huge bug-monsters, colorful slimes. The Griffin, an exceptionally angry natural Ice Golem who needed magically-reinforced bars—
And the Goblins.
They sat in the caged wagon, unmoving, shielding their faces from the rocks and other things the fair offered people to throw at them. The announcer who was advertising shouted.
“Captured in battle near First Landing! Fierce Goblins—look at the Hobs, but stay back! Don’t throw rocks—don’t give ‘em anything to throw back!”
The Goblins didn’t move. The menagerie keepers were quick to remove anything the Goblins could use as a weapon, but the Goblins just sat there. There were eighteen of them, five Hobs. All of the same tribe. Their heads were bowed and even when someone drew blood, they didn’t move.
They were waiting. And they were a third kind of Goblin. In fact—the pedestrians grew tired of venting their fury onto the unmoving monsters and moved on. There were plays to see, and the Goblins refused to do anything, even when the keepers tried to rouse them with spells or sticks from afar.
The Goblins waited, patiently. They had waited for a long time but they knew they would have a chance. They knew about the Molten Stone tribe. They were a third kind of Goblin. And then—
The smallest of them was a full-grown Goblin adult. Just small. He was picking at some dried blood on his side when his ears heard something. Something so quiet that none of the other menagerie keepers or audience detected.
The slight click of the tumblers turning in the strong lock on the cage he’d been unable to open. The Goblin’s head rose. He nudged the others.
And grinned.
 
—-
 
Numbtongue found that Wilovan and Ratici were quite affable. They chatted for a while about weapons. Wilovan claimed that a good club could beat a sword or spear or anything else—in the right circumstances. Numbtongue had debated asking him to prove it—and decided against.
It was a peaceful day for him. Right until someone mentioned the menagerie.
It was a thoughtless comment. Erin Solstice was debating going into Invrisil. She still had yet to use the Solstice Booth herself and Grev was bored.
“Wesle and Jasi’re preparing to perform for all the hoity-toity nobles. Well, nuts to ‘em. Why don’t you let me show you around Invrisil? It’ll probably be hil—I mean, fun! Honest. I wouldn’t let you get into trouble. Not with me about.”
