7.43 G
Page 27
“Yeah, you say that, Grev, but didn’t you lead me into an ambush with [Thugs] the first time we met?”
Grev looked hurt and guilty. His eyes shifted sideways as Numbtongue, Lyonette, and Mrsha all peered at him.
“That was ages ago. I’m changed, Miss Erin! I owe the world to you! Tell you what—why don’t we go to the menagerie? The fair’s in town. Igil’s Illusory…something.”
“The what? The fair?”
Mrsha perked up. Grev began to explain.
“It’s got [Tumblers], [Acrobats]—all kinds of shows! Mind you, I don’t think it beats the Players, but it used to be the biggest thing a small village’d see. There’s even the menagerie! All kinds of monsters in it. A wild Griffin, slimes, other things…”
“I’ve seen slimes. Poo slimes especially.”
Grev grimaced and picked at an ear.
“Right. I forgot you lived near Liscor. Er…but there’s always new monsters. Hey—anyone know what the fair in Invrisil has in the menagerie? Any new acts?”
He shouted around the inn. There were murmurs.
“The Ice Golem? They feed it water and you can get shavings.”
“There’s a Garuda doing an act…”
No one wanted to say the obvious bit. However—Ratici did. He called out as he looked at Numbtongue.
“They have some Goblins from up north. In cages.”
The Hobgoblin dropped the cloth he’d been using to polish the sword Pelt had made. He nearly cut himself. Erin looked up.
“What?”
The [Thief] tipped his hat. Wilovan smacked him on the shoulder. But it was too late. Erin Solstice’s eyes narrowed.
“They have Goblins in cages?”
“Er…why don’t we not visit Invrisil? It’s boring. I’ve been there too often. Tell you what, I’ll take a look, report back…”
Grev tried to soothe Erin. Lyonette walked over. She looked at Numbtongue, Erin, and then addressed them both.
“You two cannot cause an incident. Whatever you do—think about it first.”
“What? I would never cause an incident. You know me. I’m calm, right, Numbtongue? Calm Erin. That’s what they call me. Yup, yup. Where’s my frying pan?”
Erin got up. Lyonette looked around for reinforcements. Numbtongue was caught in indecision. But—again—
It wasn’t his call to start what happened next. He was just an observer. As Lyonette tried to drag Erin back with Ishkr and some of the staff and Erin just ‘wanted to go for a walk’ while Wilovan hit Ratici again on the shoulder—
They heard the first call to alarm coming from Invrisil.
 
—-
 
Their tribe was small. There were eighteen of them. Five Hobs, thirteen Goblins. Malnourished. Unarmed.
They casually stood up and stretched. Some of the bored audience brightened. A few more objects flew. A Hob batted a stone out of the air with an ease that unnerved some of the Humans. He looked around as the [Beast Tamers] and other workers stirred themselves.
“Hey. They’re getting restless. Make sure they don’t have anything to throw.”
One of the senior workers poked a junior member forwards. Grumbling, the young man walked around the cage, safely out of arm’s range with a long stick. He saw a Goblin, one of the smaller ones, standing by the door.
It was staring at him.
“Hey, get back you damned Goblin.”
The man poked at it with the stick. Calmly, the Goblin grabbed the stick mid-poke and snapped it against the bars of the cage. It regarded the pointed stick.
“Hey! Watch out! Drop the stick you fucking Goblin.”
One of the guards pointed a wand at the Goblin. They’d blast it down before it got a chance to throw the stick. The Goblin regarded the wand. Then it casually pushed at the door to the wagon.
The wagon hadn’t been opened since they’d been tossed inside so it stuck slightly. But the door…swung open.
