7.43 G
Page 3
“If we could just split up, and make this a proper security operation, I’d be fine with leaving a Brother here. Even five. But…”
The Drake nodded. They looked around for Erin Solstice; the young woman wasn’t immediately visible. And they shared a thought which was too ungentlemanly to voice aloud.
But this inn was insane.
When they’d accepted the Tallman of Baleros’ invitation to guard the inn, the Gentlemen Callers had assumed there was some ongoing threat. Monsters? No problem. Rival gangs? Well, they’d done for that small group in Liscor. But the two had learned to their displeasure that the problem wasn’t one thing—it was Erin Solstice.
She…attracted trouble. Normally, the callers would leave the inn, stay in the city, and only come running if someone screamed for help. But in The Wandering Inn—trouble could appear in five seconds, especially with the magic door.
“Perhaps we should tell the Tallman we’re cancelling the contract. Return the remainder of his fee.”
“It’s a thought, Ratici. Let’s eat first. No sense deciding on an empty stomach.”
The Drake nodded restlessly. He had vouched his displeasure and his partnership with Wilovan was such that the Gnoll took it seriously. They’d make a decision today. They weren’t ones to wait about.
The cup of tea woke both men up—and their bladders. Ratici stood.
“Excuse me. Be back in a moment. Wilovan, if you’d care to trade off, we could take turns having a nap…”
“I wouldn’t say no.”
The Drake [Thief] nodded and walked out of the inn. These days they had to have one person right in the inn at all times. The riots had proved that Erin Solstice was beyond willing to risk her neck. It hadn’t gotten to the point where they wanted to sleep under the same roof; they could attract trouble themselves. But it was boring.
The [Thief] noticed everything as he walked past the other guests, through the inn. He was a master-class, a [Gentleman Thief] beyond compare. He could tag almost everything.
Concealed acid jar in that table leg. Better not break it in a fight.
Crossbow in the hidden wall-compartment there. And there.
Block of cheese the Gnoll had hidden and forgotten. Ants were into it. Actual ants. A pity.
Dagger under the floorboards. Dead gods, that Goblin was paranoid.
He sensed these things. He couldn’t help it. The only thing Ratici couldn’t see through was the door to the Garden of Sanctuary. It drove him crazy. That—and the Named Adventurer’s bag of holding. Ratici was frankly amazed at some of the levels of people who came through this inn. But boredom was b—
Gold nugget on the table. He backtracked and stared through the open door. He saw Numbtongue tossing down his cards.
“Anyone for another game?”
“I’m out.”
Menolit collected the gold nugget with relish. Numbtongue reached for his bag of holding for something else to offer. Some of the others were rising too, grumbling and checking their money pouches.
He looked around—and there was a Drake with a cap.
“Me, sir. If you’re willing to play a game, I should be quite delighted to play cards. What’s the game?”
Ratici appeared at the table before the rest of the gamblers had even made up their minds. He smiled at Numbtongue and didn’t look at the Hobgoblin’s bag of holding, which had—
If it was possible for a [Thief] to be in hell, it was Ratici, knowing he couldn’t steal that bag of holding the Goblin was carrying. But, dead gods, he was going to get some of that if he had to win it! The Drake produced a worn set of magical cards and Numbtongue sat forwards.
“You have magic cards?”
“I do indeed. And you are…Numbtongue?”
