7.43 G
Page 19
For answer, Dolom pointed his staff towards the smoldering fire from last night. He spoke.
“Falgut’se.”
Rags recognized the root word. Falgut was fire—her eyes widened as a huge flame roared from the embers. The other Ogres moved back, looking at Dolom with envy and awe.
“Ogres have little magic. Potions give. Many potions. Many drink, slowly.”
Dolom bent over and whispered to Rags, as if imparting some great secret. And perhaps—it was. She had never heard of this.
“Magic comes from potions?”
The other Ogres nodded. It was an ambition they all had. From Invek to the Ogress who wanted to join Rags’ Tribe. Dolom sat cross-legged.
“Magic. Drank many, many. Learned words of power from others.”
The process of becoming an Ogre Shaman was arduous. You had to get many potions. Not just dozens, but up to a hundred and drink them slowly. Too fast and you’d die of fever and madness. But just drink them—until the magic in the potions became yours. Even now, Dolom gathered more potions and drank them. Not when he needed them, when his natural magic was low, but when he was healthy, at his vital prime.
It was adding to his mana pool somehow. The Ogre touched Rags again and she recoiled as she felt that his reserves exceeded hers! She wondered what Noears would have made of this.
“Ogre Shamans stronger than Human [Mages]. Strongest in world. Why Humans can’t kill Ogres.”
Dolom had refused to go on the clan’s rampages, but he’d halted some of the counterattacks. Still—they wanted to leave before Named Ranks took up the call to exterminate them. It revealed much.
However, Invek seemed to think this differential made Ogres superior. She was smirking and Rags decided it was time for some pushback.
“Can make fire too. All Goblins can. Snapjaw, show.”
The Hobgoblin raised her sword. The Ogres looked at her suspiciously and Snapjaw spoke.
“[Burning Blade].”
Her sword burst into fire along the metal. The Ogres gasped. Invek looked dismissive, though.
“Not big fire.”
“All Goblins, though. Redscar?”
“[Burning Blade].”
The Goblin waved one of his swords as he combed Thunderfur with his other hand. His blade burst into light as well. The Ogres saw the other Redfangs do the same and gasped.
Dolom had more magic, but no Skills. Fire was easy. A basic spell that Rags’ entire tribe could do thanks to her Skill. The Ogres, upon hearing that, were shocked. Rags smiled, keeping her inner thoughts to herself.
The revelation about mana potions was important. She’d have to experiment. For now—she wanted the female Ogress and the fourteen others who wanted to leave. They’d be good additions to the tribe if they could be trusted, and Rags would see just how good they were before Invek’s tribe arrived.
The pageantry was over. Rags turned to Invek and saw the Clan Leader’s grumpy face. It could have been dicey—but Rags had insight thanks to Kerra, again. She clapped her hands.
“More gifts!”
This time she gave a different sort of gift to the Ogre clan.
Meat. Eight Ogre’s weight of meat put a huge smile on Invek’s face and she practically ushered the mates and children out of her camp along with the warriors. Rags had depleted the stores of food she’d brought for the Wyverns and Goblins, but she had the hang of this now.
“Good gift. Good meat. Better than weak warriors. Goblins and Ogres still friends!”
Rags nodded with a smile on her face. Casually, she produced something from their stores. She had only two, but Invek’s eyes locked onto the mana potions only Rags needed.
“Would give more gifts.”
