7.43 G
Page 8
Even so—they had gone a long way. To avoid major shipping lanes and other ships or stay out of range they could be identified was no easy mission. They sailed at night, through fog, even dangerous areas like Kraken’s Pass.
But it would be wrong to say the Goblins were afraid of a fight. Very wrong. They were just wary. And as it happened—their circuitous route had created a very unusual event, that even they took note of.
Their [Shaman]’s shoulders was covered with moss which actually grew on his green skin. Some of the other Hobgoblins had similar markings; lichen had actually become a second skin or armor. They were among the best the crew had to offer; and it was almost half-Hobgoblin, half-Goblin.
Now, one of the most elite Hobgoblin warriors offered the best rations they had taken from the last ship they’d sunk. Wine, vittles—even [Pirates] relied on stored goods, even with bags of holding unless they were really high-level. But the old Goblin who snatched the food ate the dried food in good humor and washed it down with wine which ran into his beard.
“Lord Greydath. What else do you want?”
The [Shaman] addressed Greydath of Blades respectfully. He was still wet from the sea. They had found him swimming across the ocean.
“A map. Forgot where the island was. Where is it moving?”
The Goblins looked at each other. The [Shaman] called out in their language and a crude map was made. Not found; the Goblins needed no map, and the [Captain] of the ship navigated by memory alone.
“Hrr. Stupid island. Moving here, moving there…was going to swim to Isle of Minos and wait.”
Greydath grunted. He sat cross-legged, the ancient blade his only possession. He had been eating fish. The other Goblins stood wide of him, staring in awe. They knew who he was. The [Shaman] glanced past Greydath.
The moss-covered Goblins were staring at the Goblin Lord.
“Goblin Lord Greydath. We cannot bring you to home. We go to Baleros. If you wait…the ship returns.”
“Baleros? Why?”
Greydath’s crimson eyes glinted. He was smiling—as he had when they’d pulled him up at the unexpected encounter. But it was with an edge. The [Shaman] bowed his head.
“Tribes died. Lizardfolk killed three. She tells us to go there.”
“I see. I will swim. I need practice.”
Greydath’s greatsword shifted on his back. The [Shaman] nodded. Then he looked past Greydath.
“The warriors want to challenge you, Goblin Lord. To see strength.”
The Goblin Lord sat there. His red eyes glinted as he looked up from his food and the wine.
“I am in a bad mood. Do they want to die?”
He shifted. The Goblins standing behind him saw his head turn. The Goblin Lord stared at them. The [Shaman] hesitated.
“No, Lord. What happened on Izril? She said you stayed there—”
He stopped as Greydath looked at him.
“Goblins died.”
The Goblin Lord bit into his food and drank savagely.
“What else?”
He sat there, moody. The ship sailed on as the [Shaman] asked what questions he dared. He might have asked as much as he dared; it was unlikely the two would meet again. But then a Goblin on the crow’s nest made a sound.
The other Goblins looked up.
Ship passing. They fell silent. Greydath made no sound, but that was because he kept drinking from the wine flask.
The Goblins had been told to avoid conflict. So they waited for the ship to pass them at night. But—then there was another sound.
“Coming.”
The [Captain] spun the wheel. The ship turned, slipping quietly away. But within a minute the watcher spoke again.
“Following.”
