7.43 G
Page 22
But they weren’t the point. The answer as to where Mavika was—well, only Ulvama could have answered that.
 
—-
 
The air was hot. The land cracked with heat. Not dry though; the volcanic activity of this region of Izril was something that would give most geologists from Earth conniptions.
If there had been eruptions in the past, they were few and far between these days. But the igneous rock remained. As did lava.
Something—converted magicore and stones affected by the intense heat—had created a semi-permanent river of molten rock in this region, which in parts was accessible from the surface. The entire region was thus far hotter than the rest of Izril.
Largely barren closer to the dangerous hotspots for the same reason. Flora and fauna adapted to the heat, the boiling hot springs—which weren’t pleasant to reside in given all the detritus and soot—had reclaimed this place. [Alchemists] demanded a number of heat-resistant ingredients from this place.
But few people lingered. Which was how the real inhabitants preferred it. Now—a figure landed out of the skies filled with smoke and ash.
Shapes flew higher, cawing. But the crows of Mavika’s flock kept back, out of the toxic fumes. This was not a place for them.
Mavika landed alone. Alone, but for the raven who flew with her. For a moment—a huge bird, some ancient crow-creature of an age when they had been a true predator—folded its wings.
Then the [Witch] hobbled forwards on two feet as her raven perched on her shoulder.
She walked into a pit hollowed by some huge impact. In the center was the remnants of cooled lava that had blasted upwards centuries ago. A volcano with only traces of the fury that had shaped it. The [Witch] walked slowly.
She knew she was being watched. But the [Witch] did not look around. Her pointed hat, her beady eyes and hunched, bird-like figure…the watchers lowered their bows and withdrew.
They knew better than to attack a [Witch] of her caliber.
The obsidian volcano was a fortress of kinds. Nothing moved and no one had constructed anything on the outside that was immediately visible. Safety first lay in the remote nature of this place, the fact that it was so unobtrusive. Death came for the inquisitive. Like the Flooded Waters tribe, the Molten Stone tribe preferred to hide first.
Mavika had made this journey before. She was expected. Even so—the [Witch] was on her guard.
Wisely so. Because as she entered the Goblin tribe’s base, she raised her head.
A Goblin with a pointed, black hat lined with bits of fiery gemstones sat in an alcove. Watching her.
“Tell her I am coming.”
Mavika looked at the little Goblin [Witch]. The Goblin had been holding a wand, aiming it challengingly at Mavika. The older [Witch]’s eyes flashed and the little Goblin fled.
A child. It was rare to see a Goblin who took to witchcraft. But now there were at least…six. Mavika counted six. Five smaller ones, the best of Wiskeria or Alevica’s level at most.
One fiery power who knew she was coming. But predictably, she let Mavika walk with no signs of greeting.
They were both [Witches]. And it was only a fool who considered that [Witches] could only be Human. But a Goblin [Witch]?
There was exactly one great [Witch] among the Goblins. Normally she sat on her throne. Mavika knew more of Goblins than most due to the connection between [Witch] and Goblin. She had never met the Great Chieftain of the Mountain, but the comparison between the Goblin [Witch] of fire and Tremborag would have been somewhat accurate—
