7.43 G
Page 28
The Humans froze. The Goblin calmly stepped out of the wagon. It looked at the young man who’d tried to poke him with the stick.
The Goblin grinned. He planted the stick in the Human’s eye and grabbed the dagger at his belt.
The scream—the shocked silence was broken as one of the Hobs stepped out of the wagon. He took the blast of magic on his chest and then lunged. The Goblins leapt from the wagon as the audience fled. The guards rushed forwards—
The eighteen Goblins stood in silence a minute later. Now they were armed, albeit with the menagerie’s limited weapons. The Goblin who had used the stick looked around.
“Coming that way.”
He pointed. One of the Hobs shouldered the sword he’d taken, and nodded at the others. They walked down the street.
A group of Invrisil’s [Guards] were first on the scene. They saw the Goblins walking towards them. Five Hobs and thirteen Goblins. The Humans were twenty in all—equal numbers. They faltered as half of them felt their [Dangersenses] go off.
The Hob in front grinned. Now they had armor and weapons.
 
—-
 
“The Goblins have escaped! They’ve killed the guards and they’re slaughtering the Watch!”
Someone shouted from Invrisil’s side of the door. Everyone stopped restraining Erin and turned to look at her. Erin hesitated.
“That wasn’t me. P-probably.”
Numbtongue felt a surge in his chest. Yes! But—then he heard more screams, horn-calls in the distance. And he realized—something was off.
These Goblins weren’t running. They were—
 
—-
 
Advancing. Thirteen Goblins were left after two clashes with the Watch. It made no sense—if you understood Goblins.
They should have waited for nightfall and quietly made a run for it after exacting vengeance. That was what Numbtongue, most Goblins would have done.
But this group had attacked in broad daylight. They were heading further into the city, having escaped before even being wheeled back to the fair.
They did not care about running. Nor had their Chieftain paid the [Witch]’s price for mere flight.
All five Hobs walked down the street, backed up by the smaller Goblins. They were banging their weapons on their shields, roaring. They were—speaking.
“Adventurers! Come!”
The people fled ahead of them as one of the Goblins shot a crossbow, reloading. The Hobs stopped as the first team appeared.
Silver-ranks. One of the Hobs raised his stolen shield.
“[Magicbreaker Bl—]”
The [Fireball] detonated. The other Goblins braced. But the fire had stopped; the blast only travelled in front of the Hob. The [Mage] lowered her staff. A bolt appeared in her forehead and she fell down.
The Goblins charged. The five remaining adventurers saw the first Hob swing his sword up and bring it down on their leader’s head.
One Goblin died. The rest moved ahead. Further into the city. Looking for the Adventurer’s Guild, the Mage’s Guild—or the gates. Whichever came first.
They were so relaxed. Vengeance didn’t move them. They were…
Unafraid. But they halted when the screams took on a different note. One of the Hobs spotted a unit of more elite [Guards] pulling back from a pincer move. He held up a hand, sensing something.
And there she was. The twelve Goblins saw her round the corner down the street. Just one face among many. But the sight of her made fear flicker in their minds. In their souls.
Elia Arcsinger raised her bow. The Goblins shuddered. The Hob saw her team spreading out behind her. The Named Adventurer’s hair was like distant gold.
“Kingslayer!”
The people were cheering her. They turned, waiting for the monsters to die. And Elia Arcsinger drew a glittering arrow.
