7.43 G
Page 9
The Goblin crew stirred. Some ship had sighted them despite the dark and distance and was bearing down. Poor luck for the [Pirates] or whomever they were.
“Outrun it. Her orders.”
The [Shaman] ordered. The Goblin [Captain] tried to obey. But in the distance—the other ship was following. And despite the wind which the [Shaman] conjured to their sails—the other ship was gaining.
“Coming closer.”
The [Shaman] stared over the port-side towards the ship. It was too dark to see—but as the other ship pursued the Goblin vessel at incredible speed, he saw a flash in the darkness.
Light. It poured from the other ship suddenly. The hull glowed. And the ship began to move faster.
Only one ship in the entire sea did that. The [Shaman] bared his teeth.
“Her. Hero-death comes. Stop the ship.”
The Goblin ship slowed. There was no outrunning one of the most famous ships in the sea. The Illuminary. And as it drew closer, the famous [Pirate Captain] herself stood at the prow.
Rasea Zecrew, the Drowned Woman whose body was half-Angler. Glowing like her ship.
Greydath stirred. But as he slowly stirred—the Goblins on the ship walked forwards.
Both ships slowed until they drifted closer. In silence. Rasea’s crew, one of the most feared [Pirate] crews on the seas, stood behind her.
They saw crimson eyes staring back. The Goblins waited. Hobgoblins standing with arms folded beside smaller Goblins. Then—
They smiled. They were waiting.
The first type of Goblin in this world had never known fear. Never learned to hide and run from the other species of this world. The crew of the Goblin ship waited. The Illuminary’s crew stirred.
But it was the [Pirate Captain] herself who called out.
“Raise the flag!”
She bellowed. The [Shaman] stirred as he saw a familiar color rising above the Illuminary’s colors.
A white flag. Parlay? He raised a hand. [Pirates] obeyed the laws of the sea surprisingly well.
“Wait. Lord?”
“Don’t care.”
Greydath watched Rasea. Her eyes were flicking across the deck. She had spotted Greydath. But she was looking across the crew.
“Ahoy! You’re one of the Goblin ships from the fabled Isle of Goblins, aren’t you?”
Rasea bellowed as their ships drifted alongside one another. The Goblins did not reply. They waited for their [Shaman] to speak. He just watched Rasea. She pointed at him, grinning.
“I heard your ship had been seen at Kraken’s Pass! Well—it’s been a while since then and my crew’s been dancing with Admiral Seagrass. He holds a grudge!”
Her [Pirates] laughed. Still—the Goblins were silent. Rasea looked past them. She stood amid the backlight coming from her ship.
“I’m looking for a larger battle still. And I need the best and fiercest warriors of the sea to fight with me. What about it? Any of your lot interested in crewing with the Illuminary?”
The [Shaman] blinked. Rasea grinned, waiting. She had found them and sailed up to ask them to join her crew?
The Goblins stirred at last. Some looked interested, but none of them responded. They were a different kind of Goblin. Rasea looked past them and sighed.
“Damn Goblins. But what about you?”
She pointed at Greydath. He looked at her. The Goblin Lord was drinking again while seated. He eyed Rasea and laughed contemptuously.
“Me? Leave, little Human. I’ve killed a thousand of your kind.”
The Illuminary’s crew muttered. Rasea’s shine glinted.
“Really? I’ve never heard a Goblin lie before. That just makes me want to fight you.”
She drew her sword slowly. The [Shaman] stirred. It was Rasea’s crew who held her back.
“Captain—we don’t have time for this. Or the people to spare.”
“Ah—alright! Fine!”
