7.43 G
Page 20
Invek and Dolom both jostled to see the medium-grade mana potions. Rags pulled them back before they could be snatched away.
“Gifts for gifts, right? What does Clan Tormek Al have?”
Instantly, the Ogres opened their supplies. Rags walked around, looking without trying to focus on anything. She spotted something dirty, lying among Dolom’s stash and pointed to it.
“Books?”
“Mm. Good fuel and wiping. Also—pictures. Want? What give?”
For a single mana potion, Dolom turned over half a dozen books. Clearly, not an equal trade. Rags gave the other mana potion over to Invek, who was glaring.
“Friendship. Got more books?”
She received them—most torn, used for kindling or other purposes. But the Ogres had cleverly saved pictures, even diagrams and maps. They had no use for histories or stories.
So that was how you traded with Ogres. Always something given and taken. Rags sensed it was more than materialistic need or greed itself. There was ritual there.
The last trades completed, Rags stepped back. She saw the Ogres milling about, disappointed there were no more potions. But a good deal had been wrought on both sides; Invek was already drinking her potion and Dolom had spirited his away. The Ogres were looking at the Goblins with equal parts avarice and interest.
One of the Redfangs was arguing with a young Ogre who wanted to trade for his steel sword, under the wrongful impression that all of the Goblin’s blades were enchanted. Rags saw the two gesticulating as the Redfang tried to rip off the Ogre for a dagger that was enchanted. She made an annoyed sound. The young Ogre swiped for the sword, wanting to try the enchantment himself—
And was cut across the chest as the Redfang refused to let go. Red blood ran into the ground. The Ogre cried out, clutching his chest. Rags’ eyes widened as the Redfang warrior leapt away.
“Stop! Idiot!”
Invek was as good a leader in her way as Rags. She bellowed before the other Ogres could take offense. She raced over and Rags saw her smack the badly-bleeding Ogre on the head. The young warrior fell down from the heavy blow.
“Goblins friends. Cause trouble? Idiot!”
Rags was more concerned that the Ogre would die from the blood loss. She pointed at the guilty Redfang.
“You. Potion!”
The Redfang fumbled for his healing potion, a mark of his elite status that he carried one. But Dolom moved faster than the Goblin. He shoved other Ogres aside and stopped Rags and the Redfang.
“No need. I Shaman. Watch.”
He flexed one huge hand, and Rags sensed him gathering magical power. The Ogre was bleeding deeply; he had worn no armor and the Redfang had honed his sword with Skills until it was a razor. But he waited, looking expectant.
Dolom reached out. His eyes glowed and he inhaled hard.
“Hm! Merrha doon!”
He put his hand over the cut, pressed hard. The smaller Ogre hissed and Rags saw steam rising. But when the Ogre Mage took his huge hand away—all that was left was closed, fresh skin.
Redscar’s jaw dropped. Rags stared as Dolom kicked the healed Ogre. She pointed.
“Healing?”
“Potions no need. Magic potions better. Give true power.”
Dolom gave her a triumphant look. Rags had heard no spell. That was…Ogre magic. Her eyes narrowed.
Why did Ogres have abilities most [Mages] could only dream of? But she didn’t ask that question. The fifteen Ogres pledged to the Flooded Waters tribe prepared to move with their families. Redscar would get the task of navigating them back towards Goblinhome if Wyverns couldn’t help with the journey.
“Let us meet again. And give gifts. Okay?”
“In the Highest Mountains. Yes.”
