7.43 G
Page 15
The Clan Leader gave Rags a blank look. The Goblin scratched at her head. Their negotiations had been like this. At least Invek wasn’t getting offended as she had at the start whenever Rags asked for clarification; apparently her mastery of the common tongue was best among all the Ogres.
“How many clans live here?”
“More? Over there.”
Invek pointed vaguely to the north. Rags’ head turned. She saw Snapjaw rolling her eyes and sliced a claw across her neck. The [Biter] sighed.
Ogres were simpler in speech than even Goblins, but not stupid. No, not by any means. Rags heard one of the Ogres mutter something to another. In…their language.
Her ears perked up. Rags casually watched as Redscar was approached by more Ogres who wanted to see his sword. And she distinctly heard a few Ogres glancing at him and muttering. It—was not the common language. It sounded like—
“Tourek tal something something Tourek…”
They stopped when Invek made a sound and the Ogres realized Rags was watching. They weren’t stupid. Oh no. They were watching the Goblins. Communicating in a language outside of the common tongue.
Rags had thought only Goblins did that. But then—this was her first encounter with another species that wasn’t ‘civilized’. Who were monsters, like her.
But could the Ogres be trusted? That was what had given Rags all the headaches. The agreement with Invek was verbal and the Ogres wanted to move to the High Passes to get away from the Humans. They liked the idea of Goblins being there because it meant an ally against monsters.
Unless they wanted to take Goblinhome for themselves. They’d be in for a world of hurt if they tried of course, but Rags wanted to be certain. The problem was that she was no [Diplomat] or even a [Negotiator].
She’d negotiated and dealt with a total of two major Goblin factions—three if you counted Reiss’ forces for the short period she had known them. Maybe Cave Goblins made four? Either way, Rags wasn’t sure what trustworthy looked like. Each tribe had been different.
“Who is Tourek?”
Rags spoke up. Invek and the Ogres in her inner circle jumped.
“You know how to speak proper language?”
Invek scowled suspiciously at the little Goblin Chieftain. Rags smiled inwardly. But she kept her face smooth. She had learned that from Pyrite. She grunted in an approximation of the Goldstone Chieftain.
“Hrm. Some. Tourek?”
The Ogress hesitated.
“Clan Leader. Before. Died. Best warrior. Killed Gold-Humans.”
Gold-ranks. Rags wondered if Redscar could have beaten this Tourek. Well—the Ogres could speculate. She was glad it was Invek she had met; the Ogress was reasonable, not like some of the Ogres who looked down on the much smaller Goblins; the smallest Ogre was six feet at least. 
“Goblins no fight Ogres. Ogres no fight Goblins. Is good. Tonight—eat. Tomorrow—gifts! Peace!”
Invek raised her voice and shouted. The Ogres echoed her words. Rags blinked. She started sweating again.
Gifts? She saw Redscar and Snapjaw turn to look at her. There was nothing for it. Invek saw Rags hesitate, but unwilling to show ignorance, the Chieftain smiled and nodded. After all—she was a [Great Chieftain] now.
She had a few tricks. That night, Rags slept in the tents as the Wyverns curled up around the Goblin camp. Redscar kept an eye out in case the Ogres tried anything funny with his Redfang elites. And Rags took the tincture one of the Goblin [Herb Mixers] had made for her and fell asleep.
She dreamed of Ogres.
 
—-
 
