7.43 G
Page 14
The Goblin was gone. The Ogre’s head swiveled, eyes wide. He brought his club up. Too late—he saw the figure swing off the club. Redscar had lodged one of his blades into the wood and metal.
Now, he leapt into the Ogre’s guard. He raised the crimson blade and cut. The Ogre cried out as the enchanted sword cut through hide and flesh with ease. He backed up, swinging desperately, kicking—
Redscar dodged, keeping close to the Ogre. Within his guard. He didn’t do anything flashy. More importantly—he didn’t use a Skill. He just stuck next to the Ogre, slashing, evading—
The Ogre fell to one knee after the sixth cut. Redscar cleaned his blades and put them away as the other Ogres roared insults at their champion. The smart ones were just silent.
“Strong.”
A voice muttered. Rags turned her head and saw the leader of the clan watching Redscar. It was a female Ogre, not as tall as some, but equipped with a large double-sided axe, a tomahawk-type weapon which was enchanted to return to her hand. She was an excellent thrower.
“Strongest.”
Rags corrected the female Chieftain. She saw the female Ogre scowl, but there was no denying it. Rags had asked Redscar to win without Skills if possible. The [Blademaster] had proved just how good he was.
“Enchanted sword.”
The Ogress spoke challengingly. Rags narrowed her eyes.
“Could have done it without. Want to see?”
For a moment Invek seemed about to demand it. But then the leader of the Ogre Clan of Tormek Al turned her head away.
“No. Redscar Goblin proves. Tormek Al makes peace with Flood Water Tribe. Work together.”
Rags exhaled slowly. It was done. Invek had spoken loud enough to be heard around the circle where the other Ogres—nearly two hundred in all—sat.
It had taken six days of negotiations since the Ogre had chanced upon Goblinhome. To be more accurate—a patrol had run into them and both sides had nearly killed each other until the Ogre had seen reinforcement coming out of the fortress and spoken. He had known Goblins and demanded to speak to Rags.
“So. Tormek Al comes to the High Passes?”
Rags looked at Invek for confirmation. The Ogress grunted.
“Yes.”
It was very far to the High Passes. Rags turned her head. The Wyverns had flown for nights to get here. But Ogres moved fast; their long stride was complimented by their endurance. Hills and mountains were natural homes for them. Invek nodded. She gestured at the lowland below. Beautiful, green lands stretched downwards if Rags stood just right. But it was the world of Humans. Hostile to their kind, hence the peace-negotiations.
“Humans come. Killing Ogres. Too many. These. Want to leave.”
Another Ogre volunteered. His manner of speech was even cruder than Invek’s, but it was perfectly understandable to Rags. She nodded.
Ogres had been raiding Human lands, which had provoked an inevitable response. The clans who had gone to war were depleted. Invek’s own mate was dead, killed by the [Lady] of House Ulta. The Ogres wanted to escape, but not if they had to go to war with Goblins.
Ogres were tricky. Rags had been wary because Invek’s tribe, despite being numerous, could slaughter ten times their number of Goblins without elites or Hobs. She knew from the Redfangs that Ogres sometimes took Goblins as slaves like the Raskghar or preyed on them.
But each clan was different. Rags looked at Invek.
“Will more tr—clans come to High Passes?”
“Maybe.”
