7.43 G
Page 25
The Goblin [Witch]’s eyes flashed with fury. Fire roared around the Great Goblin, but he was unmoved. It burned at him, but his skin was like steel.
“Cast your spell for me now. Or I will become angry.”
Anazurhe pursed her lips, but she nodded. Mavika stepped back. She had come on [Witch] business. But this…this was a Goblin’s matter with [Witch]’s magic.
“Give me my price.”
The [Witch] addressed the Chieftain. He curtly pulled something out of his bag of holding, tossed it at her.
“From adventurers.”
Three magical rings, each of strong power. Anazurhe made a sound of delight. She inspected each one and then nodded.
“For you, one ritual. What do you want?”
“My tribe was captured in battle. Warriors. Show them to me.”
The Goblin [Witch] walked over to her basin and peered into it. A shape emerged as the Chieftain described them. The [Witch] nodded as Mavika waited.
“There they are. Far and not far. What is your wish? My magic is not limitless. I can cast one thing. Do you want their freedom? Safety? Location?”
The warrior folded his arms. His eyes glowed as he thought for a second.
“Freedom.”
He waited as Anazurhe cast her spell, drawing on the power of her tribe. Then he turned and walked away, satisfied. His tribe left with him; they had marched for over a hundred miles for this one purpose.
Mavika watched him go. Then she saw the Goblin [Witch] massage her back. The two looked at each other. Then they sat to have tea while Mavika told Anazurhe all that had passed.
They said nothing of what had happened. Nor did they interfere with each other’s business overlong. Their species mattered, and did not matter.
After all. They were both [Witches].
 
—-
 
You could arbitrarily categorize Goblins into three types. The first, was the Goblin that had not learned fear.
The second was the Goblin who had learned to be afraid. And the last…
The menagerie came to Invrisil with fanfare and as part of a larger circus. Of course, they didn’t call themselves that. Igil’s Illustrious Izrilian Illusories was a known troupe which toured with ‘wonders’ on display, and a lot of alliterative references.
It was the kind of thing that attracted money from people who hadn’t the coin to go out and see all these amazing things in person. The production had everything from a caged Griffin to [Mages] specializing in illusions, [Acrobats], [Bards]…
Of late, the fair had been doing well. If they toured correctly, north Izril had enough money to keep them going and visiting cities which had never seen (or forgotten) the fair. Everything had been going really well in fact, and Igil the 3rd had been counting his coins and looking forwards to this leg of the trip.
…Right up until he ran into the Players of Celum.
The turnout for the travelling fair was low. Invrisil was more used to the fair, but the population of the city should have earned quite a large number of attendees with the show of setting up. But—something was wrong.
“Where are all the guests?”
Igil demanded in bewildered hurt. For answer, he was directed to the Players of Celum and the Season’s Theatre, which now had three different teams of [Actors] all dedicated towards putting on shows nonstop.
“Theatre? Well, we have [Bards]. Let’s put on a performance! Better yet—what if we combined our businesses? Some kind of joint effort? Dead gods, I’ll buy them if they’re that popular.”
That statement made everyone within earshot of the [Fairmaster] burst into uproarious guffaws and earned him eighteen coppers and two silvers in tips for the joke. Igil stomped off.
