7.43 G
Page 17
For nearly a century, the Valley Pact Tribe had known his peace. They answered the Keeper’s plea and so did the Ogres, the Trolls…almost every race. The Keeper charged the Cyclops with a single order—he told them to take the children of each race and lead them to safety with his children if death came.
And they came. Humans. A vast army of them, bearing the banners of over a dozen kingdoms. 
Rags realized they were Terandrians. She saw [Knights] marching in ranks. She felt Kerra’s despair as she beheld their numbers.
But no Goblin fled. They went to war for the Giant of the Valley. Kerra saw the Humans throwing rocks up the mountain as the valley-dwellers charged towards the arrows and spells. She crashed through a line of Humans coated in armor, tearing their weak metal-coated bodies apart with her bone axe.
But there were so many. And one with a spear like the night itself threw the spear up and the Keeper of the Valley cried out. Kerra looked up and lost track of a Human below—
Pain. Rags woke gasping as she felt Kerra die. The Giant still fell in her vision, bringing his hand down towards the Human who had slain him. She was crying.
She hated remembering dying. And oh, they died.
But that was a Goblin thing. And Rags knew now what gifts Invek wanted. She went outside, grateful she had brought as much as the bags of holding could fit.
 
—-
 
The next day, Rags presented Invek with a pile of nuggets of gold and cut gems, taken from Goblinhome’s stash generated by the Goldstone Tribe. Not gold dust or the smaller, equally precious gems, but the largest, most magnificent specimens.
Invek was delighted. Rags knew from Kerra’s memories that these treasures were an excellent gift for Ogres, who prized the gems. They were not natural miners, being too big for cave-work. Rags could have also offered weapons or food, those being common objects.
And sure enough—Invek offered her a pile of Goblin-sized weapons. Excellent steel daggers, armor too small for Ogres—and to complete the bargain, three full sets of plate armor.
It felt like Rags was getting the better deal, but she knew better than to show it. She had to kick the Redfangs to stop them from showing their excitement. Invek was happier to get the gold and gems; Rags was well aware that the Ogres had no use for chainmail or the weapons they had given the Goblins.
It was goodwill on both sides. Rags was very happy about the haul which more than justified her time spent. Unfortunately—a huge complication came up shortly after the exchange.
A group of sixteen Ogres approached Rags. They were all young, some not even full-grown, but all warriors armed with the lowest-grade of weaponry. Stone or bone weapons, not the coveted steel or enchanted weapons. They had no armor, forced to rely on their bare skin which was still very tough.
They did not beat about the bush.
“Chieftain Goblin. Want to join tribe.”
The biggest Ogre announced. Invek stopped smiling. Every Ogre turned to the sixteen. Rags stared up at the Ogre, who was female. She knew what she was doing. Her eyes were keen as she stared at Rags.
“Why?”
The female Ogre glanced at Invek, and then spoke loudly. She pointed at Redscar.
“Strong small Goblin. Has good metal. We fight for good metal if give. And potions.”
The other Ogres nodded rapidly. Potions? Rags knew the Ogres had plenty of potions; they looted Humans for potions too. But when she turned to Invek for clarification she made the biggest discovery yet.
