7.43 G
Page 23
And aroused the ire of both. The Molten Stone tribe’s base became much more livable once Mavika had passed the threshold. But unlike the Mountain City tribe—very little of what they had was pilfered.
They had created the hammocks that kept them off the hot stone floor at night, the vents in their fortress that was essential to let the toxic fumes rise higher. Indeed—this tribe had adapted themselves with the uniqueness most Goblin tribes enjoyed if given the chance to survive for decades.
The Molten Stone tribe wore masks. Wood, or even stone or bits of metal combined with the strongest of reeds. They could cover the mouth and nose or entire face; they were decorated to look like biting fangs or menacing helmets.
It protected them from the toxins in the air. Let them breathe, even deep underwater. Master ambushers. Deadly poison users that even Poisonbite would have been in awe of. Archers—few great warriors, though.
Magic-users. [Shamans] stood among [Mages] and yes, two [Witches] in pointed hats, watching Mavika pass.
She ignored them all. Goblins had little her flock wanted, even if the crows could have lived here. Her raven cawed once.
“Where is your Chieftain? I seek Witch Anazurhe.”
The Goblins looked at Mavika. They slowly pointed. The [Witch] turned her head. Walked on.
She ran into trouble before the grand room where the Goblin [Witch] worked, ruled, and cast her spells. A group of huge Goblins were standing in front of the entrance. And they were not of the Molten Stone tribe.
“Human.”
One whirled. Mavika stopped. This Goblin was…not…a Hobgoblin. He was far too large. She knew his kind.
“Goblin, step aside. I seek the [Witch] of the Molten Stone tribe. Answer me with violence and die.”
The Goblin warrior was one of half a dozen. For answer, they reached for their weapons. The one who had seen her didn’t even have an enchanted blade. Like his Chieftain—he used his bare fists.
Mavika made a sound. The raven, Sephraic, cawed, flapping his wings. Growing larger. The shadows…flapped their wings. The Great Goblin hesitated as the smaller Hobs warily checked their flanks.
The [Witch]’s fingers were like talons. She was growing too. The Goblins watched her, warily, not afraid. They were the third type of Goblin. But before either side could do battle—
The doors blew open. The largest Goblin that Mavika had ever seen charged out of the doorway and rushed at her.
The [Witch]’s eyes widened. She leapt, fluttering backwards. The Chieftain threw a punch. Sephraic dove from Mavika’s shoulder.
The air shuddered with the impact. The raven fell, stunned, and the Chieftain recoiled. Mavika made a sound. This Goblin was dangerous. She reached for him as the shadows leapt—
“Stop.”
Fire shot from the open doors the Great Goblin had come charging through. Arrows made of purple fire lanced into his back. The huge Goblin warrior turned. Grunted.
“She is my guest.”
A voice from beyond. Mavika landed, still furious. She saw the Goblin Chieftain reply in their language. She heard another reply. He grunted impatiently. Without another word he stomped off.
The [Witch] had a guest. Two Chieftains waited for Mavika as she entered the private lair of the [Witch] of the Goblins. The giant Chieftain eyed her.
Two powers of the north. The last two great tribes, with the end of the Redfang and Mountain City tribe. Mavika hissed at the Chieftain.
“Anazurhe. You play too many games.”
The Goblin turned her head. Her eyes gleamed crimson. Like her kind—she had a hat. She bared her sharp teeth.
“I am Goblin as well as [Witch].”
