7.43 G
Page 29
The Goblins wavered. Fear ran through them. There stood the half-Elf who had slain the Goblin King. A legend. The Hob took a step back. Then—lifted his shield. He bellowed as he raised his guard.
“Arcsinger! Arcsinger!”
The other Goblins took up the chant. They shouted, stomping the ground. Advancing.
Arcsinger. They knew her name. Of course they did. They had never forgotten.
“Run.”
The Hob turned to the smaller Goblins. They didn’t have the levels for this. They bared their teeth and split to the right.
“Stop them!”
The younger half-Elf ordered as her mother sighted on the first Hob. He was advancing.
“[Great Enemy: Goblin]. [Greenbane Arrow].”
The first arrow struck the Hob’s shield as he bellowed a Skill. It—detonated. The Hob stared at his stump of an arm. He had blocked it.
But there stood the death of Goblins. Elia Arcsinger drew another arrow. The Hob began to charge with the four others.
It was something Elia’s team had rarely seen. They braced themselves, uneasily. But here came the third type of Goblin.
The ones who had learned to fear and—mastered it. The warrior tribe of the north. Elia aimed a second arrow. This time she sighted. Whispered.
“[Line-Ender Shot].”
 
—-
 
There were seven smaller Goblins. They heard the Hobs die. So they fled. Not because fear had overtaken them, but because the Named Adventurer was too hard to kill. For now.
But the city closed around them. They fought the first group of Invrisil’s [Guard] that they met—clashing and escaping. No time to slaughter. They managed to break through using Goblin-tactics—but there were only four left.
The first one to leave the cages tossed aside his burden contemptuously. The Humans were coming with wrath and fury. So was the [Archer]. His death…he just had to choose where.
He walked on with the last three Goblins, hunting for a place to do the most damage. That was when he sensed it.
Something…called to him. The Goblin’s eyes widened. He turned to the others.
“Feel that?”
They nodded. It had appeared—suddenly, in their heads. A…certainty. As if they had seen a pillar of light from afar, amid the darkness. That was how strongly it called to them.
The Goblin cast about as he checked the alley behind them for pursuers. He felt—
“That way. Follow.”
They ran. It was something they had never felt before, ever. Not even in the midst of Goblin territory. Something told the Goblin [Warrior]—if you go this way, you will find someone.
It was not a guarantee of safety. But it told him, instinctively—this.
A friend is there. An ally.
A friend to Goblins? He had to see. The Goblins, four, ran into an empty street.
“Kill them!”
The last female Goblin fell as an arrow struck her in the chest. The female half-Elf—not Arcsinger—lowered her bow. Leading the chase. The other three ran. Another went down as a [Guardsman] charged out of a doorway. Two left—the other got tangled as he hamstrung the Human and planted his sword in the chest. An arrow struck him.
Dead, instantly. Arcsinger lowered her bow as the last Goblin flung himself around the corner of the street.
He ran towards an inn, thrust the door open. The Goblin looked around and saw an open door. He lunged for it, bleeding.
They struck at him. He landed, dagger raised. To slash until he died. His Chieftain demanded nothing less! He heard shouting—someone grabbed him. The Goblin raised his blade to kill whoever it was.
And stopped. He looked at the young woman, who stared down at him.
