7.43 G
Page 16
It was easier, now, to dive backwards. Her class had made her more adept. Rags could now think in dreams. She still felt and experienced what the previous Goblins had.
Ogres. As always—her first memory was of him.
Velan had fought Ogres—but dealt with them seldom. Rags saw flashes of them kneeling, of the Goblin Chieftain sparing them, the Goblin Lord being too fearful for their small claims to attack. No—
This was the wrong memory. Rags wrenched her mind away. She delved away from Velan. The Goblin King’s memories were too strong. She cast about, searching….searching through her history. For—
There. Rags reached out and—
She was the greatest of her clan, a giant as tall as Tremborag. Carefully, she walked among the smaller Hobgoblins and Goblins, who were like children to her. One of six.
Kerra, that was who she was. Her tribe had six Great Goblins. Their Chieftain had another name for them. Fomirelin. What that meant Kerra didn’t know, but the Chieftain could look back and see many things.
Not that it mattered to Kerra. She didn’t want to become Chieftain. She was a proud warrior! Her tribe needed her only to win every battle. And oh—that wasn’t given. Because Kerra was a giant, but her foes could be just as vast.
She brought her axe down on an Ogre’s shield, grunting as they traded blows. The Ogre roared, but a Great Goblin was stronger than an Ogre. Faster! They could level and Ogres could not!
But Ogres were stronger naturally. Kerra roared a Skill and the Ogre backed up too slowly; her next blow pulverized his face and half of his torso.
The other Ogres ran when they saw that. Kerra’s tribe, the Valley’s Pact tribe, won. But the Ogres raided every spring.
The Chieftain was sick of it. He was a [Mage], as powerful as their tribe had ever known. He led Kerra and the best Goblins on a battle to end this once and for all. Kerra fought the Ogre’s best warriors as spells collapsed the Ogre clan’s bases on the hills, raining death upon them—
Until the world shook. The Keeper of the Valley had seen the fighting. He expressed his displeasure. Goblins and Ogres both halted their battle. The Keeper of the Valley demanded an end to the raiding.
Kerra’s Chieftain obeyed. So did the Ogres. They came with two of their spellcasters to make peace. The Goblin [Shamans] were wary, but they made peace at last, and it was a pact made in blood.
For years thereafter, there was peace. Ogres and Goblins were wary. They fought. But they had made peace and both side’s wisest honored and enforced the bargain. Kerra learned to like Ogres. She made friends among their people.
Even slept with them. Some of them joined her tribe. The Ogres were prideful, more solitary than Goblins. They came and went, unlike Goblins who stuck together unless their tribe itself failed.
Kerra met Ogres, then a colony of Trolls, who were doughty fighters. Able to heal and endure even what Ogres and Great Goblins could not. They preferred the more marshy areas though. 
Trolls. Ogres. Goblins. Even a Cyclops all lived there. Different species, in the hidden valley.
So passed decades. Kerra was over fifty years old when the peace ended. The Keeper of the Valley called all the peoples to him. Each one, whom he had allowed to reside in his lands.
They gathered. Goblin, Troll, Cyclops, Ogre, even other species, fewer, but united. The Keeper of the Valley looked down at them all and spoke.
“The Humans come. They come for my children. They come for me. Will you fight with me?”
