7.43 G
Page 13
It didn’t make Badarrow feel good, killing adventurers. Nor did the Redfangs in general like it; attacking them in an ambush wasn’t sporting. But Goblinhome was undetected—for now—and most of the adventurers never had to meet Goblin snipers for the first and last time.
He trudged home with Calescent. All this because some idiot had flown a Wyvern too high. Well—they were temperamental animals. Badarrow had no idea why Snapjaw adored her mount so much.
“Badarrow. Going to go now? Can distract adventurers now.”
Calescent pointed out. He looked down the High Passes. Towards Liscor. Badarrow scratched at his head. The adventurer-influx had certainly taken up his time. But he had had something to do. The [Sniper] had a hunch that the ‘magic door’ some of the adventurers had been talking about might be in a place he knew.
None of them talked about a Goblin in an inn, but that wasn’t exactly a huge conversation topic. He had to know.
The [Archer] nodded slowly.
“Soon, Calescent. Just need spare Wyvern. When Chieftain returns. How long?”
The [Cook] counted on his fingers.
“Hmm. Six days. So…bit longer. Talk long with them. Negotiations go well?”
“Maybe. Stupid talking.”
Badarrow grumped. He missed Snapjaw. Calescent patted him on the shoulder.
“Make cheer up. Let’s throw gold and watch adventurers beat each other up.”
Badarrow brightened. He did enjoy that. He wished that Chieftain Rags would return with the others so he could use one of the tamed Wyverns, of which there were exactly three. She had left with Redscar, Snapjaw, and a dozen other of the best Redfangs despite the risk to Goblinhome.
Well—he couldn’t even fault her on taking so long. It was important to negotiate. They might have allies. And while it had taken the emissary weeks to arrive, the Goblins had been able to reply thanks to the Wyverns, even if they did have to move out of sight to reach the hills. Badarrow just couldn’t imagine it, though.
Ogres?
 
—-
 
The range of hills that covered hundreds of miles northeast of Invrisil belonged to Ogres. The massive humanoid people had a history of clashing with the Humans who lived in the low-lands. Ogres were dangerous. Tough, intelligent enough to use weapons and fight with crude tactics—their Clans could wipe out weaker armies when enough Ogres massed together.
Yet they had no ability to level. Which was a good thing frankly; the natural strength and resilience of Ogres meant that one with [Warrior] levels would be an unstoppable force. Even without levels, some ruled over Goblins, subjugating them, or took other species as slaves.
When the other species weren’t strong enough, that was.
This Ogre was among the largest Rags had ever seen. Eleven feet tall. And to make him even more fearsome, his already-tough skin which was like leather, was covered by hide-and-iron armor.
It was thick. It might not be steel, but no javelin would ever piece the armor without a Skill. The Ogre himself used a two-handed club to deadly effect. He was fast, lethal—the champion of his clan. He roared behind the crude helmet he wore.
Rags wouldn’t have fought the Ogre. But the Goblin who stood in front of the Ogre was barely taller than she was. He had two swords in his hand. His wolf, Thunderfur, watched from the side.
The Ogre champion charged with a roar. He brought his club up and then feinted—he swung across the ground horizontally. It should have blown the dodging Goblin away. The Ogre halted his backswing, ready for another blow as he raised a fist—
