7.43 G
Page 10
Rasea threw off the hands holding her from swinging across and jumping at Greydath. She scowled, but her smile returned.
“We’re after larger quarry and I can’t take a fight now. Shame. Think any Goblins from your island would join me?”
At last, one of the Goblins spoke.
“Try to land.”
They laughed, high-pitched, falling over. Rasea’s glowing eye on the fish-side of her face narrowed. She smiled.
“Someday. I will.”
She met the [Shaman]’s eyes and then turned.
“Waste of time, lads! To Savere! Maybe there’s someone good among the rabble! Onwards!”
The Illuminary moved away, accelerating with a speed no other ship could match. The [Shaman] watched the water rippling after the ship. Then he nodded.
“Baleros.”
The [Captain] spun the wheel. The Goblin ship sailed on through the night. Carrying Goblins who had never left their island before to their new home. You could call them…
Reinforcements.
 
—-
 
The second kind of Goblin was common. They were Goblins who knew fear. Fear, for a world that hated them. Fear, for all the kinds of death.
He saw them now. Adventurer-death. Even now—they made the Hobgoblin’s stomach twist.
They didn’t see him; he was several thousand feet away and only his keen eyes allowed him to pick them out in detail. Badarrow still kept low, only glancing now and then. The Gold-ranks could have vision Skills or spells like his.
Downwind, camouflaged. The small team of Goblins were eight in number. They hid in the High Passes, the others keeping an eye out for threats sneaking up on them.
That was the real danger here. As you waited to ambush, an Eater Goat herd could come at you, or a Gargoyle you were sitting on decided to have a snack. A Frost Wyvern—
Well…most of the Frost Wyverns were hiding. The adventurers combing the High Passes had cut a swathe through them. They were everywhere. Gold-ranks, Silver-ranks, even a few very stupid Bronze-rank teams who’d been eaten.
Some idiot had put a huge bounty on Wyverns. Badarrow had learned that through the Goblin’s intelligence networks of eavesdropping on Humans. They were mad with gold-lust to kill even a single Wyvern; they’d even abandon the valuable carcass to take the head back, or just swear on truth spell they’d killed one.
It didn’t matter, to be honest. The adventurers were combing the High Passes. Mostly the lower elevations at first, but to pursue the Wyverns who were flying higher, the adventurers were climbing. Mostly, they missed the one spot where Goblins had made their fortress.
But this group was too close. Badarrow did not like them. There were twelve and they were Gold-ranks. Probably a Gold-ranked team rather than all individual Gold-ranks. But far too many.
And that was the first team. The second was a group of thirty! Thirty—probably multiple teams working together. Both were equipped for serious air-combat. The [Sniper] had seen a Wyvern dive at them and practically vanish in the face of all the spells and munitions they had.
They were climbing right towards Goblinhome. Any higher and they’d discover one of the passes to the valley. Goblinhome wasn’t exactly unobtrusive; if they reached that spot, they’d see the fort and it would be a fight.
So they had to be stopped. Badarrow had a longbow. He took one last look. He was waiting. Both teams were climbing and neither had sighted the other. But if he was right—as soon as the team of twelve passed by that large rock down there, they’d see the team of thirty-two below.
“Arrow.”
