7.43 G
Page 33
Reiss said only that. Pyrite was more direct. The Goldstone Chieftain sat there, calmly chewing on acorns or something. He looked at Numbtongue.
Yes, he did. Goblins kill Humans. Humans kill Goblins. Even so. 
Kill him.
He showed Numbtongue images of the Goblins of the Mountain City Tribe. The ones who took Human women—or men for fun. Pyrite’s vision was simple. There were things he, as a Goblin alone, disagreed with.
Numbtongue sat there. Nolocks stood in the Garden of Sanctuary, urinating in a corner. He wasn’t afraid. He was ready to fight and die.
In the end…it was simple. Numbtongue was Numbtongue. He had been a Redfang, a Goblin who had met a Human who was able to trust them—and only after that, he had met Erin. He had seen his tribe wiped out by Humans, seen Goblin fighting Goblin.
Now—he walked over to the door to Invrisil. They could have shot him. But they didn’t. He looked at Elia Arcsinger, the [Watch]—back at Erin and the others—
And closed the door. The Wandering Inn waited as Numbtongue adjusted the dial. He opened the door again.
The place where Earlia and the others had gone through was higher in the mountains. Nolocks peered into it as Numbtongue made him leave the Garden. The Hobgoblin pointed.
“North is that way. Run. They will follow you.”
The Goblin looked up at Numbtongue.
“Not going to protect?”
“No.”
The [Skulker] shrugged.
“Fine. Thank.”
He walked towards the door, unconcerned. Mrsha hid behind Lyonette. Numbtongue waited until Nolocks was passing by and then grabbed him.
“Give me daggers. And armor.”
Nolocks tensed. His hand came up—and Pyrite casually swung him against the wall. Just hard enough to stun him.
“Give me the weapons. Or I will kill you.”
The Goblin growled. But he felt Pyrite’s strength. Silently, he dropped the daggers. Numbtongue tore the armor off him.
Now Nolocks just stood there. He glared at Numbtongue, then grinned.
“Probably going to die. That okay?”
“Yup. You killed little children. No Redfang ever did that. You have no honor.”
Nolock’s eyes narrowed as Numbtongue tossed the weapons back. He tilted his head back and forth and Numbtongue waited for him to attack or try something. Instead, Nolocks just laughed.
“Strange Goblin. Chieftain wants to meet your Chieftain to battle.”
He grinned—then leapt for Mrsha. Numbtongue kicked Nolocks out of the air. He’d been waiting for that. He grabbed the Goblin and threw him.
Nolocks flew through the door, crashed into the wall of the cave’s entrance and got up, wheezing. Numbtongue had cracked something. The Hob pointed at him.
“My Chieftain is here. Tell your Chieftain to stay away from Invrisil.”
The [Skulker] got to his feet. He glanced over his shoulder and saw Earlia’s mining team coming after a day of hard work. Numbtongue had forgotten about them. Nolocks jumped to his feet. He looked at Numbtongue—laughed—
And ran.
 
—-
 
The inn was quiet, then. Numbtongue closed the door after Earlia’s team came through, asking what had happened. He opened the door.
“He’s through this door. Five minutes ahead.”
He didn’t say ‘good luck’ because he didn’t believe in that. Arcsinger’s Bows stared at the Hobgoblin, but half went through with a [Tracker]. For vengeance.
Neither good nor evil had been done there. But Numbtongue was exhausted. He walked away as Erin settled things for him. She was kind like that. The Hobgoblin only raised his head when Erin knocked on his door.
“Numbtongue? Can I come in?”
“Mm.”
She entered his room and sat on a bed.
“They got him.”
It had been eighteen minutes. Numbtongue opened his eyes.
“Did he run?”
