7.43 G
Page 21
Invek touched her fist to Rags’ tiny one. The Goblins got on their Wyverns and the Ogres waited. They didn’t wave. But they nodded, watching the Goblins take flight. Rags looked back. It was done. The pact established. She closed her eyes. So surprised that another race could be—
Friendly to Goblins.
 
[Great Chieftain Level 34!]
[Skill – Natural Allies: Ogres learned!]
[Spell – Ogre’s Strength obtained!]
 
She didn’t miss the unusual word there.
Interesting.
 
—-
 
In Riverfarm, there was an uneasy meeting of…liminal groups. Peoples who stood on the edge.
Monsters. Goblins.
And [Witches]. Both were welcome here. More [Witches] were coming; a school had already been set up. Or rather, a semi-permanent coven.
Laken Godart was aware the [Witches] had wanted the pact with him badly, but not why. Now he understood. They wanted a base. Somewhere [Witches] could go to for safety and aid, to trade, to meet more of their kind.
There were…more such bases. Not just on Izril. But predictably, the [Witches] were close-lipped about the entire thing. They had loyalty—but only to their own kind.
“We need safe places like everyone else, your Majesty. We had more areas like this before—based around places of power. They’ve waned. But that’s why the covens wanted the pact. Do the numbers of [Witches] bother you?”
Wiskeria consulted with the [Emperor]. He sighed.
“Not at all. I agreed to this. I regard [Witches] as a boon, not anything else. I’m just curious, that’s all.”
He was rewarded with a smile from Wiskeria—one he heard in her voice.
“Well, you’ve impressed Witch Agratha, as well as the others. Most of the new [Witches] are low-level; if any of the…serious ones come, I’ll let you know at once.”
“How many are like Belavierr?”
Laken turned his head and felt Wiskeria hesitate.
“…My mother is unique. Even among other [Witches], she’d stand at the very top. But if you mean—like Mavika?”
“Ah. So she’d be second-best? Yes, how many like her?”
Wiskeria counted on her fingers, biting her lips.
“Mavika’s one of the strongest. And oldest. It’s close to the same thing for [Witches]. I know of about five more between Izril and Terandria, but a lot of the old ones stay to themselves. Mavika is one of the more social [Witches], if you can believe that.”
“Mavika.”
“Well…yes. The only other [Witch] who matched her besides mother was Califor. And she…”
The two fell silent.
“Who is taking care of Nanette? Hedag and Eloise still?”
“I help. But…mostly Eloise. Mavika offered, but I don’t think Nanette wants to walk down that road. She could—but it would change her. She needs to leave Riverfarm for a while, I think.”
Laken nodded. He hadn’t heard Nanette much. But he sensed her, a quiet [Witch] who stood alone even from the ones her age. There wasn’t much…he could do for her. Even with all of Riverfarm’s resources at his disposal.
“Whatever she needs. One last thing, Wiskeria. Mavika. Do you know where she’s got to? Her flock is still flying about Riverfarm keeping the farms clear. But she herself is missing. Someone said she was seen entering the Goblinlands yesterday.”
Wiskeria made a sound.
“I don’t know. Mavika comes and goes. What did she do? Er—I don’t know what she did, your Majesty. Eloise and Hedag might.”
“Ask them. I don’t know either.”
They didn’t know. Or at least, refused to speculate. Laken was left to wonder and the Goblins weren’t cooperative, for all they were trading the ore they mined for luxuries the Humans could provide. Steel nails, potions, soap—Ulvama wanted that—cooking supplies.
