7.43 G
Page 11
He whispered. A Cave Goblin put it into his clawed hand. It was a special arrow. The tip glowed; it was hollowed ruby, filled with a bit of liquid that exploded on contact with air.
An enchanted arrow. Badarrow put it to his bow and lined up his shot in his head. He had to place it perfectly…
Now. The [Sniper] rose, loosed, and dove down in one moment. He had already known where to aim and loosed exactly at the right moment. The adventurers never saw him. But one cried out as the arrow sped towards its destination.
“Hold up! My [Dangersense] just—”
Boom. The Goblins had covered their ears. Badarrow heard what was happening. The arrow had detonated as it struck an overpass just ahead of the team of thirty. Rocks were showering down; the overpass might collapse. If they had been any closer…
“Dead gods! What was that?”
Badarrow listened to the shouting. From both teams. The group of thirty were screaming at each other, checking for injuries.
“Hey! Are you okay? What was that?”
The Gold-rank team shouted at the second group. They were answered by curses.
“What? You shot that arrow, you bastards!”
One of the adventurers below aimed her staff upwards. The Gold-rank team was confused.
“We shot nothing!”
“Salamander shit! Get down here! I’ve heard other teams are attacking us! You try that again and we’ll erase you!”
“Shut up, Silver-ranks! We don’t need to ambush you! Go home and behave yourselves and stop fouling us up!”
The Gold-ranks heard a roar of fury from below. They looked around in confusion.
“Who said that? Andry—”
“It wasn’t me!”
Badarrow saw the Goblin camouflaged against the rocks slipping backwards as curses drifted upwards. The Goblin was an expert in voice tricks like that. One of Numbtongue’s disciples, actually. Now both teams were screaming at each other.
The luckless Gold-rank team, who were in fact Todi’s Elites, back for round two, were in a stand-off with the adventurers below. Todi’s attempts with the other level-headed adventurers turned to chaos when someone hurled a rock.
Again—a Goblin. But the arrow that nearly hit Todi was all-adventurer. Badarrow slipped away with his team, sighing in relief.
It had worked. Sometimes it didn’t. The arrow-trick, the Goblins with their shouts and rocks—it was all a huge risk. Badarrow’s squad had analyzed the adventurers, tested their detection capabilities to make sure they could pull this off.
Halrac wouldn’t have been fooled. Adventurers who were already angry and looking for a fight on the other hand…Badarrow just wished the adventurers would leave.
But apparently there was some kind of route they were taking from Invrisil all the way to the High Passes that make the adventurers more inclined to rotate in and out. Badarrow cursed whatever new trick the adventurers were using. He hurried off to check another trap. It was a busy day.
A third team was climbing up towards Goblinhome. There weren’t that many routes, but one of the captured Wyverns had been sighted flying too high, and they were checking out the nest. Badarrow found more Goblins finishing their prep.
“Okay. Is good?”
“Good!”
The second Goblin-leader raised a thumb. Not Snapjaw; she was with Rags in the negotiations. The Hob in charge of the Goblins was in fact, Calescent, the [Cook] who made everything too damn spicy.
But he had worked his magic here. The [Cook], Badarrow, and the other Goblins ran for it as they heard the adventurers coming up the slopes. Far away, Badarrow listened to them coming up.
“Keep low. We’re not letting Todi take another Wyvern. Wish we could find the Wyvern Lord.”
