7.43 G
Page 5
The Drake had won the last three games and even if money didn’t matter, Numbtongue still liked winning. So he narrowed his eyes.
“He stole a second card. He’s been stealing the entire time.”
Reiss folded his arms. The Goblin Lord did not appreciate being used in this way. But he had no real choice; Numbtongue bound him here. Reiss—and Pyrite—both believed that the [Bard] himself had summoned them. Perhaps, as Pyrite had mused in his minute of time in this world, they were not the original article, but a copy—a memory that Numbtongue utilized.
Either way—Reiss was useful.
“His pair loses to yours. Don’t look away from the deck; that’s when he steals.”
Numbtongue listened to the advice. He matched the bet and stayed in. Ratici coughed; one of the pool player’s daggers dropped off his belt with a loud clatter.
Numbtongue kept his eyes on the table as everyone else looked around. Wilovan raised his brows in delight.
“Alright, show ‘em…aw, damn. Numbtongue wins. And I am out!”
The Hobgoblin chortled as he swept up the pot. Drassi stood with a sigh. Ratici narrowed his eyes and Wilovan smiled.
“Well, even a [Gambler]’s luck runs out, eh, Ratici.”
“That might be, Wilovan. That might be. You can’t win them all. Another round, Mister Numbtongue? I’d be willing to put money back. Even that gold dust vial.”
Wilovan’s brows shot up. Gold dust vial? He was not immune to the lure of lucre either. He leaned forwards as Numbtongue grinned. The [Thief] locked eyes with the cheating Hobgoblin.
Reiss sighed as Wilovan palmed the invisible card Ratici had slipped him.
The game was afoot in earnest.
 
—-
 
Eight rounds later, Numbtongue threw down his cards in disgust and pushed over a gold coin. He’d lost that one. But he’d won three.
“You’re quite a fine player, sir.”
Wilovan and Ratici grinned at the Goblin. They were still in the game—everyone else wised up after a hand or two.
Both sides were cheating nonstop. Numbtongue was impressed. The [Thief] could steal a card even while being stared at. And the other fellow—the burly Gnoll—memorized his cards after one look and played them face down, so Reiss couldn’t tell what they were.
For their parts, Ratici and Wilovan were enjoying themselves. They loved to gamble so this room was a wonderful diversion. But what made them interested was the Hobgoblin. They had no idea how the hell he was reading the other hands. They’d assumed—correctly—it was a Skill, rather than magic, but they couldn’t sense it.
“One more round?”
Ratici wheedled. Numbtongue still hadn’t produced the blue diamond. The Hobgoblin hesitated.
“I might stop.”
He had a limit on how much he gambled each day since he had to go out and find more precious minerals. The [Thief] was visibly disappointed.
“What about a drink? We could get back to it…”
He practically followed Numbtongue back into the inn. It was so surprising Numbtongue immediately acquiesced.
“Here.”
He went over to the bar and helped himself to an ale. No one stopped him and Ratici and Wilovan took a mug after a moment. They sat together at a table. Numbtongue looked from face to face.
“You don’t mind Goblins?”
The two blinked as if only realizing he was a Hobgoblin now. Ratici shrugged. Wilovan touched his hat with a furry finger.
“Let’s just say it doesn’t bother us insofar as we’re all able to play a game together, sir. If you were a menacing sort on the road we might be justifiably leery.”
