7.44
Page 8
Salamani smiled at Ryoka. She blinked at the Courier.
“No, really, Courier Salamani—”
The [Mage] waved a finger.
“It’s Salamani. And as far as I’m concerned, I owe you and Miss Fierre my entire life. I’d never have escaped the way you two did. I take that seriously. You name it. If you want—I’ll run with you to wherever you’re staying and give you all the artifacts I took.”
Fierre nearly spat out the bad tea she’d been drinking. Ryoka’s eyes widened.
“What? No—we can’t even carry all of it! You have your share, Salamani…Fierre and I are rich. We don’t need more!”
They were still wearing the prisoner’s gear, armed to the teeth even after throwing a riot in front of the Archmage’s abode. Salamani looked at Ryoka drily.
“Then I’m twice in your debt, Ryoka.”
She opened her mouth and he pointed at her.
“Don’t pretend that’s just goodwill. You and I both know how much money we’re wearing. I’m serious about giving what I’m carrying to you. Mind you—I won’t turn it down. It’s far more than Ieka would have paid me. But I mean it. You need anything, you call for Salamani.”
The City Runner was about to protest. She wanted to say he didn’t need to do that. That it wasn’t all he was making it out to be.
But she knew that was—untrue. She and Fierre and Salamani had survived an Archmage’s traps and woken her up. Valeterisa’s mansion was like a proto-dungeon, even more dangerous because it was maintained.
It was just embarrassing and awkward for Ryoka to be the recipient of genuine gratitude or emotion.
“Well…thank you, Salamani. You helped us too. But I’ll remember that.”
“And me. This was the most fun I’ve ever had.”
Fierre smiled. Her smile faltered as Salamani and Ryoka gave her a look.
“Well, it was. I felt alive. I’m still shaking!”
The Mage Runner laughed and swept back his hair.
“Me too, honestly. Dead gods, but that was a rare experience for even a Courier. We woke the Archmage of Izril!”
“And I’m grateful. Really.”
Someone sniffed. The three jumped.
Valeterisa was wiping her eyes with a clean handkerchief. She blew her nose.
“Ancestors. I hate emotion. I…I really did let those people die, didn’t I? And I would have stayed like that, dividing my thoughts up again and again. I owe you three a lot. I shall repay it too. Somehow. And here I thought [Parallel Thinking] was a Skill without flaw. I wonder how Archmage Chandler dealt with it? I might have spent another ten years trying to perfect the spell. I’ve missed so much…”
Ryoka was stunned, half by what Valeterisa had said, half by the implications. Wait. [Parallel Thought] was a Skill? Archmage Chandler? The Necromancer?
“What spell?”
Fierre’s had focused on the last bit. So had Salamani. They looked at Valeterisa. She sighed.
“I should explain, shouldn’t I? It’s why I was secluded here. I thought that if I had time—a year or two at most—to work on it, I could finish my project. See what happened? That’s what you get for not setting deadlines.”
She waved her hand around as if to indicate ‘whoops’, and saw the three looks. Valeterisa blushed. She coughed,
“Ahem. What was your question? Ah, yes. I was working on a spell. No—a theorem. Um, it would have been a revolutionary rediscovery. Even the proper [Archmages] of a thousand years ago didn’t know the spell. Not Zelkyr—but he was a [Golem Artificer]. Different disciplines. The point is it’s the lynchpin—cornerstone?—stepping stone?—building block of higher magic. Creating magical dimensions is possible, but rudimentary without constant management or this spell.”
