7.44
Page 26
Mihaela Godfrey spoke as she stood on a small bluff of rocks. Ryoka had no idea where they were. In some lovely grassland, far north of Reizmelt.
What had taken them only a short while in the Courier’s Road had allowed them to bypass countless miles in this world. It was a Skill worthy of Mihaela Godfrey. But—like the [Garden of Sanctuary]—it was not hers alone.
“Who made it?”
“I don’t know. But I’ve seen traces of others there. Bodies—possessions. Even memorials. They lie scattered across our world. Even in the sea. I could run to Terandria with this Skill. I’ve seen…things in Courier’s Road where the sea would be. So Runners crossed the world using this Skill.”
“Really? Then—why haven’t you?”
Ryoka heard Mihaela cough. The woman coughed almost consistently, every few minutes. She took a drink from her vial, grimacing. She didn’t look at Ryoka.
But they were talking. About the Courier’s Road, first.
“There’s danger. Anyone can enter the Courier’s Road. Anyone. As I pass by—you can step into the world. Most can’t breathe or see—but I’ve been attacked. And if I slow, especially to rest or sleep—I reenter this world. You want to try that at sea?”
“Oh.”
Ryoka sat on the rocks. Mihaela looked down at her.
“You called the wind. Only I can do that. How?”
“It’s my power. I was…given a gift. It’s not magic—at least, not the kind [Mages] use.”
“Huh.”
That was all Mihaela said. She looked down at Ryoka. The City Runner braced for something…but Mihaela just shook her head. She walked past Ryoka and said one word.
“If.”
“If?”
The Guildmistress looked across the grass, towards a real, paved road where Ryoka could see people travelling. On horses, wagons…she saw only one person not on the road. Running.
A City Runner. The two watched the distant figure jogging on his or her journey. Mihaela nodded.
“If. If it was a few months ago we had met, when Val’s death was fresh. You would have died.”
Ryoka was silent. The woman went on.
“If you had tried to run when I met you, or hadn’t looked so damn guilty—if you hadn’t remembered who he was, I would have made sure you couldn’t walk again. If you hadn’t sent that message and I’d listened to the rumors—or if I was more vengeful—”
“I deserve it. Anything—”
“Shut up. What does beating a City Runner to death do for me or Valceif? Why is it your fault alone? He could have bought a charm before he went on a run. He didn’t. That was his responsibility and he was careless. That’s how Runners die. I knew it. And I taught him that.”
Ryoka closed her mouth slowly. Now—she felt guilty. She’d been pursuing Mihaela to get her to unload all her grief over her son’s death. As if Ryoka had killed him.
She hadn’t even known where or how he died, really. Mihaela looked at Ryoka.
“You can use the wind. You’re also an idiot. Few people live without levels. There are some. That Drake in Zeres, one of their Admirals. Mostly though—people like you never become anything. The gap is too wide. You’re pathetic as well. But I can see why Valceif liked you.”
Ryoka hung her head. She didn’t know what to say.
“He really did help me. I can’t—”
“Shut up. I almost liked you until you opened your mouth.”
The young woman was silent. Mihaela looked past her, at the road back north.
“I could see liking you. If you had been just some snotty City Runner who made it to First Landing and Valceif was alive…yeah. But I will never like you. Still. There’s nothing here for me. I knew that.”
She shook her head. Ryoka bit her lip. Mihaela went on. She clenched her fists and then stared at her hands.
