7.44
Page 14
The three scarfed the food down. After they had eaten—or tricked their bodies into thinking the magical food was nourishment, Karsaeu’s face appeared in the open door slot.
“Was your trip satisfactory, esteemed guests?”
She looked like she wanted to rip her tongue out and beat them to death with it. Ryoka eyed the Djinni’s strained smile, and took pity on her.
“If you have to ask us what we did, Karsaeu, we woke the Archmage of Izril up. Valeterisa’s alive and well. Er—alive. She didn’t complete her project. And that’s about all.”
Fierre opened her mouth, but closed it thoughtfully. Karsaeu eyed Ryoka. Then she nodded abruptly and relaxed.
“…Thank you. Go to sleep.”
The little panel slid shut. Ryoka sat back. She, Fierre, and Salamani looked at each other.
“I’m guessing it’s wrong to ask about the employer? Got it, got it…let’s talk later. I—”
Salamani caught himself in a huge yawn. Before she knew it, Ryoka was yawning too. She, Fierre, and Salamani lay back. Before they knew it—they were asleep. The Unmarked Coach travelled on. When Ryoka woke up—
They were at Reizmelt.
 
—-
 
“Dead gods, that was fast!”
Fierre exclaimed. The Unmarked Coach had beaten the sun. That was…close to Magnolia Reinhart’s carriage levels of fast! Speaking of which—Ryoka had only heard about that as Fierre got the news while eating breakfast.
Ryoka’s head was spinning. Magnolia Reinhart had been attacked? And saved by Tyrion Veltras?
And Teriarch. Only he could have teleported her out. There was no recording of the attack, but the details were spelled out.
“This continent’s going to change after today. If she wasn’t at war with the Assassin’s Guild now—I’d hide if I was one of them. Then again—maybe Reinhart’s in trouble. The gentry of Izril are like sharks. They smell blood or weakness and you’re dead.”
Fierre and Ryoka nodded. They looked around. Karsy was already closing the door to the carriage.
“See you. Thanks for not being annoying. I enjoyed the silence.”
She slammed the door and drove off. Ryoka waved after her, smiling. She liked Karsaeu.
And now they were back. That was magic for you. A neat end to an adventure…well, the Unmarked Coach had made the journey trivial.
“It’s vehicles like that which make me feel like I’m not worthy of being a Courier. Then again—there’s only one of them and always more deliveries for us.”
Salamani said what Ryoka was thinking. The Mage Runner rolled his shoulders, yawning.
“Now what?”
He looked at Fierre and Ryoka. The two hesitated.
There was so much that could be said. Ryoka could run around screaming, talk to Fierre about the moment when she’d gone insane and reassure her, get all her artifacts appraised, curl up into a ball and shake for a while at the near-death situations, get drunk, get a proper meal in her, capitalize on Ieka’s goodwill and Salamani’s to find the last great ruler of the land for the Solstice, arrange some other stuff for the party…
Fierre looked just as unprepared for the question. The older Courier took pity on them both.
“The first thing I do after I’ve done something great or nearly died is go home to my family. Girlfriend if I have one…since we broke up, that’s not an issue. Then I have something to eat, sleep if I need to, and then get to work. It’s finding an [Enchanter] to see what you’ve got, talking to Lady Ieka, and registering the run at the Runner’s Guild.”
“I know just the [Enchanter]. And I’m too far from…home. Maybe in Invrisil I can combine them. I can do the Runner’s Guild and Lady Ieka, though. Let them know I’m here.”
Ryoka took a few breaths. She looked at Fierre.
