7.44
Page 16
The woman’s voice was lower than you might expect. Rugged. She coughed. But her eyes only flicked to Salamani once. She was looking at Ryoka.
The City Runner hesitated. Something about the look the older woman was giving her made her feel—uneasy. Salamani was oblivious.
“You’d not believe what just happened. But let me start from the beginning. The Archmage of Izril is awake! The delivery is done! And not thanks to me—I owe my life to her. Ryoka Griffin.”
“Really? The Archmage of Izril. Huh. About time someone did that. That’s a Courier’s errand, though. Ryoka Griffin. City Runner, right?”
“That’s right. I’m sorry. Have we met?”
Something about the woman was making Ryoka’s heart flutter in her chest. She felt…terribly unwell all of a sudden. Salamani blinked.
“Dead gods, you don’t know? Haven’t you been to First Landing?”
First Landing.
“Never.”
The young woman whispered. And now she was staring at the old woman. The Guildmistress of First Landing had violet eyes, but very dark and tinged with a shocking pattern of yellow. The two never looked away as Salamani grinned.
“Ryoka, let me introduce you. This is the Guildmistress of First Landing. A legend among Couriers—”
“Mihaela Godfrey.”
Ryoka Griffin whispered. The Mage Runner heard the note in her voice. Finally, he caught on and looked at Valceif’s mother.
Mihaela stood there, looking Ryoka up and down. She nodded, tersely. Her expression—
She was probably in her late fifties. But her hair was white or perhaps silver. She had more lines than Ryoka would have expected. More scars, too. She looked like the most in-shape woman her age that Ryoka had ever met, though. A marathon runner.
And her eyes never left Ryoka’s. Salamani looked at Mihaela.
“Guildmistress? Something wrong?”
“Not at all, Salamani. I came here to meet Ryoka Griffin specifically. Thanks for introducing us. Now. Get lost.”
Mihaela turned her head to glance at the Mage Runner. She looked at Ryoka.
“Step outside and we’ll have a chat, Ryoka.”
The young woman turned, feeling…she stumbled. Salamani blocked the way.
“Mihaela. What’s up?”
He smiled. But it wasn’t a smile. Mihaela looked at his arm. But Ryoka whispered.
“Let her go, Salamani. She has business with me. Valceif—I knew Valceif. He helped me out.”
“But he—”
Salamani’s eyes flickered and widened. Mihaela pushed his arm out of the way.
“Yes. He died. Let’s go for a run, Ryoka Griffin. Step outside.”
 
—-
 
In more important news, Tyrion Veltras was the most significant person in Izril at this moment. His actions, his very existence had changed northern Izril’s fate, perhaps all of Izril’s. What he did was watched. His actions had already spoken louder than anything.
And what he was doing was extraordinary. Surprising—shocking.
The Lord of House Veltras was training on the tilting grounds again this morning. He was going to go hawking later this day, or visit Lord Pellmia on a social errand—which was inevitably practical given that Tyrion did not enjoy such activities if it was just to sit and talk.
It was so surprising because of what he had done just a day before. Rescued Magnolia Reinhart, fought the Assassin’s Guild and placed himself against the elusive Circle of Thorns.
To anyone who knew Tyrion—it wasn’t that surprising, just exasperating. He regarded what he had done as just and necessary. Never mind that Ullim, Jericha, even his sons gave him looks mixed between awe and incredulity.
“Jericha. I’m minded to go riding. Just for an hour.”
“At once, Lord Veltras.”
