7.44
Page 29
The unlikely group trouped into Reizmelt, asking the Pithfire Hounds—who were in awe of the Silver Swords and Salamani—about good inns to have a night off. Ryoka was trying to explain she and Mihaela had really dealt with the issue peaceably. The Silver Swords were extending their stay another day to negotiate about the artifacts; they’d cleared all the big bounties around Reizmelt in the last three days.
The sun was setting and Ryoka was sitting at the table with the Courier and adventurers when the door to the Scheming Golem opened. Ryoka looked up.
“Oh shit. Fierre. I forgot! I’m so sorry, there was this—”
It wasn’t Fierre. Ryoka blinked, because the black clothing, the hood—all of it was reminiscent of Fierre. But the owner was taller. Similar, with a lithe form, pale skin, and hair bordering on white.
Colfa val Lischelle-Drakle looked like the stereotype of Vampires she clearly loved. Her long clothing concealed the rash on her arm. Right now, she wore none of her haughty façade that the farmer and expert shepherdess normally wore.
“Colfa? What’s—”
The woman saw Ryoka and strode up to her with incredible speed. Her eyes glowed red as she glanced at Ylawes, then grabbed Ryoka with bone-crushing force. The City Runner gasped as Colfa hauled her up with ease.
“What did you do?”
Colfa hissed at Ryoka, too furious to conceal her fangs. Ylawes didn’t see; Colfa was holding Ryoka in front of her, shaking her.
“What? Colfa—”
“Who is this?”
“A friend! Stop—Colfa, what’s wrong? Where’s Fierre?”
Ryoka’s heart lurched. Colfa was distraught—and the doors blew open to reveal Bamer and Rivel, both members of the Drakle clan that lived in Fierre’s ancestral, ruined home.
“She’s sick! She came back, telling us you’d cured her. Then—she fell sick within hours! She’s barely alive. What did you do?”
The Vampire’s fingers dug into Ryoka’s neck. Ryoka gasped for air.
“Miss. Ryoka has been with us all day. Please—”
Colfa recoiled with a cry from Ylawes’ touch. He blinked; Ryoka stared at the [Knight]’s gauntlets.
Silver and steel. The son of House Byres was innocently worried. Colfa recoiled from him and looked at Ryoka. Bamer and Rivel drew back.
“Fierre is sick. What. Did. You. Do?”
Colfa looked at Ryoka Griffin. The young woman’s mouth was dry. She stood up.
“I—I don’t know. I thought she was better. Please. Take me to her.”
Fierre’s mother hesitated. She opened and closed her hands, desperately. Bamer looked at Ryoka and nodded.
“Come. Hurry. Colfa, help Rivel get everything you can think of from the alchemist. You, girl. With me.”
It had been such a good day. Ryoka ran into the street, shouting at the Silver Swords to stay. Salamani as well. She ran after the Vampires as they moved with incredible speed.
What was wrong with Fierre? She had been so healthy this morning! She had been looking forwards to going home. What had happened?
Why couldn’t she ever have one good day? Ryoka closed her eyes and ran into the night. And she knew—whatever was wrong lay at the heart of what was afflicting Vampires.
Parents. Mihaela Godfrey stopped at her son’s grave in a world where nothing would ever disturb it. Colfa ran through the night, back to her husband who stood over his daughter.
Cured. Feverish. Barely breathing and screaming with pain for a reason he could not understand. Calling out for her friend, Ryoka.
 
—-
 
Tyrion Veltras found that night that Sammial was doing worse. By morning—his son was barely responsive. He lay, fighting for breath. The [Healer] couldn’t understand it.
The second [Assassin] came to call later that day.
 
 
 
