7.44
Page 9
She even talked like she had ten different trains of thoughts at once. Ryoka sussed out the important bits.
“What theorem, Archmage?”
“Oh. It’s very simple. Automated spellcasting. I was working so long on it—but I couldn’t bridge the final gap. It took me four  years to assemble the right spell matrices—and the rest of the time was trying to bridge the final gap. It’s so frustrating. Plate!”
Valeterisa reached out. A familiar dropped a porcelain plate in her hand. She threw it down. It shattered on the floor and she kicked at it. After a moment, the plate rose and repaired itself.
“Isn’t that…automated spellcasting?”
Ryoka eyed the plate as the familiar bore it away. Valeterisa sighed.
“No. I know it looks the same to non-mages. And you can easily approximate automated spellcasting. That was a familiar equipped with a [Repair] spell bound into the mansion. But if I had the right spell—it would have auto-cast from my mana upon sensing the plate breaking, without the need for rules. It’s a lost magic, though. A fundamental building block no one else is willing to pursue. They’re all busy with…politics. Infighting. Eating cake.”
Salamani nodded as if that were obvious. Valeterisa peered at him.
“Wait. Are you from Wistram?”
“Yes, Archmage Valeterisa. I graduated about sixteen years back.”
“Oh! What schools?”
“Combat magic, physical spells, enchantment…those were my primaries, although I dabbled in some summoning and runecraft and I had an interest in astromancy.”
“Oh. One of the adventurer specializations. Are all the Archmages the same? Feor? Nailihuaile? Er…V—V—”
“Viltach?”
Valeterisa snapped her fingers.
“[Recall Memory]. Yes! I quite hate him so I keep erasing his name. What about Amerys? She came to the academy and we were going to make her Archmage. But if this King of Destruction is awake again…”
Salamani hesitated and glanced at Ryoka and Fierre. Particularly at Fierre, who was taking notes, having borrowed Valeterisa’s quill.
“I think that’s a matter for the academy, Archmage.”
“Oh. Politics.”
Valeterisa sighed. She looked at Ryoka and Fierre.
“And you two are strange. So strange. You—are you Human? And are you Human?”
She pointed at Fierre first who actually jumped three feet into the air and turned—well, she couldn’t turn paler. And then Valeterisa pointed at Ryoka.
“That’s—private, Archmage. Neither of us are quite usual. But who is?”
Ryoka smiled and saw Salamani tap one eye and wink. Valeterisa scratched at her head.
“Oh. That sounds like a rebuke. Am I being rude? I’m being rude, aren’t I. I just recall you two did so well in the first few layers of my defenses. I wish I’d saved the memory, but I wanted to conserve space. Er…I didn’t meant to be rude. I just wondered if the little one—[Recall Memory]—Fierre, was part-Gnoll or something. I’ve met them where I grew up.”
“That’s private.”
Fierre hid behind Ryoka. The taller girl blinked at Valeterisa.
“Where you grew up…?”
Valeterisa nodded, looking around. She picked up a carrot and ate as she replied.
“I’m hungry. This is horrible. Mhm. I grew up in Fissival. The City of Magic, you know? But I went to Wistram.”
“Really?”
Ryoka was startled. She dug in her pouch reflexively and offered the Archmage some rations. Valeterisa shrugged and then saw the flatbread and dried cheese. She brightened.
“Oh! That looks better! Familiars—do we have anything that’s not a vegetable? Exclude rotten foods. Would you all like to eat too? Or sit?”
“I…sure?”
