7.44
Page 21
Ylawes half-turned his head. Mihaela stepped forwards and hit him in the jaw. He stumbled as his head went blank. Without his Skills he would have dropped like a log. As it was—Mihaela slapped down Salamani as he shouted.
“[Stick—”
She stepped back. Ylawes stumbled upright, drawing his sword and shield. Falene aimed her staff at Mihaela. Dawil raised his hammer with a curse. Salamani was moving, aiming a wand and reaching for something at his belt.
Ryoka Griffin saw it all. She even saw the Pithfire Hounds charging at Mihaela from behind. Makki and Mousey, the two dogs, and Levi, Bram, Lamont, Tally, Keima, Ullica, as well as the Silver Swords, Salamani, and two idiots in the crowd who thought this was a good idea—all of them rushed Mihaela.
It was like slow motion. That surge of adrenaline where time took it easy. Ryoka saw Mihaela moving, stepping back.
She walked backwards, the only one moving at normal speed in this moment. So fast. But she didn’t attack. She reached for her belt and plucked something from her waist.
A wand. She looked at Ryoka, glancing down with her cold eyes. Violet torn by yellow. She could have been a Dragon if the two irises were mismatched.
She was just Human. Just…Mihaela raised the wand as Ylawes lunged, shield raised. Falene, Salamani, casting. She said something that lingered in Ryoka’s ears.
“[Transfer Momentum]. [Lightning Bolt].”
The wand flashed. Ryoka saw something. A flash of light. A—an arc of electricity.
Hanging in the air. For one second, two, Ryoka saw the bolt of lightning coalescing, trying to discharge the stored energy. But it hung in the air, virtually without any momentum, until it finally exhausted the charge and grounded itself on the street with a flash of light. But slowly. All of the blinding speed of the electricity had been stolen away.
A flash of light. Ryoka heard the thunder. She felt the [Forcewall] explode and something hammered her onto the ground.
Ylawes, Dawil, Falene, all went flying. So did Salamani and everyone around Mihaela. They landed on the ground, each struck by a single blow. Ryoka lay there, stunned.
The street was silent. Mihaela stood there, coughing, amid the fallen figures. She looked at Ryoka.
The Courier of the First Antinium Wars.
“Get up. Your test isn’t done.”
The young woman could have begged. Or curled up, tried to run. She looked up, then found the strength to push at the ground. Ryoka Griffin stood, then followed Mihaela as the woman pointed. She went to accept Mihaela’s wrath.
Her punishment.
 
—-
 
“Again, I’ve got to thank you. That charm you had—I want to repay you somehow. It was extremely expensive.”
“Like I said, forget about it. It’s one favor from a Runner to another.”
“Still. It’s not a small thing. A thousand gold coins—”
“Ryoka, we’re Runners. When one of us needs help, other Runners give what they can. If we need someone to help carry a delivery, we ask. Because we are alike, you and I. Today you needed help; tomorrow I might be the one in trouble, or someone else. I’m just paying back favors I received in the past.”
 
It felt like a long time ago. Ryoka remembered Valceif. Not strongly. He hadn’t been someone whom she’d known as long as Fals or Garia. But she did remember him.
“Get up again.”
Ryoka uncurled. She got up. Her arms shook. They did not want to carry her up. Mihaela waited.
“Healing potion.”
The City Runner stared at her, muzzily. The Guildmistress pointed.
“Heal yourself up. Now. Attack me.”
There was nothing to do but obey. The potion tasted like blood. Ryoka—swung. Fast, desperately.
