7.44
Page 23
Ryoka gasped for air. She might have shattered a state record with that run. But it was still upwards of forty seconds at least, even with the wind at her back. Mihaela might have taken less than ten. With her Skill? Less than a second?
Unfair. But Ryoka didn’t say it. Mihaela was the highest-leveled Runner that Ryoka had ever met.
“But no Skills. No…anything. You’re fast on your feet. You actually have good running form. Long legs—and that’s it. Half the City Runners in First Landing could leave you in the dust.”
Mihaela shook her head. She looked at Ryoka and then turned.
“You know Laiss? Small city, thirty miles south of here?”
“Y-yeah.”
“We’re running there. Do your best. This is a priority-delivery. An…antidote. Lives are on the line. Every minute you waste, someone dies. Got it? Show me your best.”
Ryoka gulped. She hesitated, then nodded.
“Okay.”
Mihaela folded her arms.
“Well? Go!”
The young woman turned and ran. She felt worthless, especially as she saw Mihaela appear next to her, watching her sidelong as Ryoka ran just a hair slower than her max sprint. Within the first four minutes, Ryoka needed a stamina potion to continue her top speed. With one she could match the best marathon runners; but even then. Mihaela just jogged next to Ryoka.
[Double Step]. [Enhanced Movement]. [No Air Resistance]? Ryoka was just guessing. She ran as hard as she could.
She knew what Mihaela was doing. The Guildmistress looked impatient after the first five minutes and she jogged slightly ahead of Ryoka as the wind blew at their backs. Ryoka didn’t think Mihaela even needed to curse at her or tell her how worthless she was—she hadn’t done it yet, but Ryoka felt that way just running next to her.
She had made a choice. She had made a lot of mistakes. Now—someone had come to collect. Simple as that. Ryoka faltered.
“They are dying. Run, you worthless idiot! Are you a City Runner or some cowardly puke of an adventurer? Run!”
Ryoka faltered and then picked up speed. She gasped for air. The wind blew harder, but Ryoka wasn’t able to make it gale. She had one last trick. The folded cloth in her bag of holding. But—she’d probably die. She could not control the wind perfectly at the best of times. And now—
“Stop, stop. I’ve seen enough. We’ll take forever to get there at this rate. And this is your best? With lives on the line, you need a potion or spell to eclipse that?”
Mihaela stopped. Ryoka slowed, and, panting, nodded.
“Yes.”
The Guildmistress pushed a hand through her short-cropped hair.
“Dead fucking gods. I shouldn’t expect anything less from someone without a class, but—I thought you had something. A bit of wind magic or whatever that is isn’t enough. Even the weakest Courier could destroy you without magical items.”
“I—uh—”
Ryoka froze as Mihaela looked at her. The Guildmistress folded her arms.
“You don’t have anti-[Appraisal] spells. Your idea of fighting is punching someone with your bare hands without Skills. You can command the wind which is something. Beyond that? You’d fail First Landing’s Courier-test even if it wasn’t me.”
“I know. I know. I’m slow.”
Ryoka lowered her head. She waited for Mihaela to hit her again. The Guildmistress unclenched one hand. A muscle stood out in her jaw.
“This is a waste of my time. I could have saved the effort.”
“I’m sorry.”
What else could she say? Ryoka knew Mihaela’s wrath wasn’t expended. Not even a fraction of it. She bowed her head. Mihaela looked down at her.
“Pathetic. Show me something. Why you? Show me what was worth Valceif wasting his charm on! Show me—”
