7.44
Page 2
“That’s…where were they hiding? They must have been camouflaged somehow. I’m instantly identifying Xol of Ingrilt, one of the highest-leveled War Walkers in the Iron Vanguard, and—fifteen others?”
The Bannermare and her forces fell back as the War Walkers advanced on the infantry. But Tulm refused to move too far ahead. The War Walkers turned, raising huge shields to protect themselves from arrow fire. They were watching one group of Centaurs.
Erin saw a female Centaur, holding a banner. She raced at the head of the line of Centaurs.
The Bannermare of Baleros. She was racing across the ground, so fast that even the best Dullahan [Archers] couldn’t strike her with arrows. Her elites were moving around Tulm’s army. Looking for a point in.
But of course—the [Strategist] knew that was what was going to happen. He’d arrayed pikes which constantly shifted, giving inviting gaps that would close if anyone charged in.
Stalemate. And all the time the Dullahans were attacking the magic-less Centaurs who couldn’t win a war against a foe armored from head-to-toe.
“I don’t think the Bannermare can delay any longer. Her vanguard is as strong as any heavy cavalry unit with her Skills! But the longer she circles, the more of her soldiers she loses. Is she going to retreat? This standoff is just losing her side soldiers. It might be a mark of her inexperience, frankly. She has a class equivalent to a [Banner Carrier]—not exactly a [Strategist], or even a [General]—”
“Hey. I think I nearly got that class once.”
Erin saw Lyonette turn to stare at her with Montressa. The [Innkeeper] watched.
“I can’t watch this. What do you think will happen, Erin? You know chess, right?”
Palt was so nervous. It was strange—but then, Erin supposed it was like Relc or Selys watching Liscor’s army fighting a battle. This was his people. He turned to her and she gave him a blank look.
“I’m not good at strategy, Palt. I don’t do…that. It’s messy. No taking turns. It’s just…action. Punch the other person in the face as fast as you can, y’know?”
“What would you do here?”
Erin shrugged.
“Not fight? Or I’d…not fight that. Dudes in armor. Seems tough. I’d have like, twice as many soldiers and a trap.”
“Maybe—”
A sound. Noass broke off from his conversation with Sir Relz about battle tactics and the Bannermare’s youth. He squinted.
“What is that sound? It’s coming from—Kerik, is there something in the air around you?”
The view shook as the Garuda turned his head.
“I don’t see anything. I—oh.”
The ‘oh’ was soft. And it came as the strange sound became obvious.
Crunch, crunch. It was the sound…of someone munching on something. Some dried chip-like substance. And Erin, the audience—saw someone sitting in the air next to the Garuda.
A Squirrel. She was sitting on a carpet that hung in midair. She had been invisible. Now, she stared into the camera.
“Mm. Hello. This is a trap.”
“Foliana, you don’t tell people it’s a trap. You’ve ruined the moment. Just—just go.”
Someone spoke up. Erin squinted. She saw Palt throw up his hands.
“Oh, dead gods! It’s him!”
Palt rushed forwards, blocking Erin’s view. Erin craned her neck.
“Who’s that? I can’t see anything. Move, Palt!”
Someone stood on top of Foliana’s head for a second. Then—the entire image swung as the Garuda whirled.
Five more carpets hung in the air, motionless over the battlefield. Tulm the Mithril looked up as Niers Astoragon and Foliana waved down at him. The Dullahan’s calm expression turned to fury and worry in a second.
The Titan’s chortle was audible, but only that as the Garuda [Reporter] fled from the arrows shooting upwards.
