7.44
Page 28
Ryoka Griffin sat there. She wept for Valceif for a while. But she hadn’t known him long. She wished…Ryoka stood up. Then she went home to Reizmelt.
 
—-
 
“Ryoka! You’re alive! Thank goodness!”
Salamani and the others rushed towards Ryoka when she returned, jogging slowly. Ryoka felt sick, battered, weary—but better.
“Is that surprising? Mihaela wasn’t about to kill me.”
Salamani gave her an odd look.
“You think so? She’s famous for her short temper. No one makes her angry, even other Couriers. Even the Assassin’s Guild walks lightly around her.”
Ryoka thought of Mihaela’s stunt with the lightning bolt and then the Courier’s Road. She eyed Ylawes, who had a lump on his head and Falene’s black eye, nearly healed.
“I can see that. Thank you for trying to stop her.”
“We—didn’t do anything. But I’m sincerely glad you’re alright, Miss Griffin.”
Ylawes looked sheepish as he rubbed at his head. Bruised egos for the Gold-rank team. They looked strangely at Ryoka.
“You’re very calm for someone who just had the snot kicked out of her.”
Dawil pointed out. Ryoka smiled crookedly.
“I’ve had worse days. Today was actually—good in a way.”
Everyone exchanged a glance. The worst part was that Ryoka sounded so casual about it. Makki and Mousey came over to be petted and to lick Ryoka.
It was one of those days. Bittersweet, unexpected. Painful—but Mihaela had come and gone. In truth—Ryoka realized now that the Guildmistress had probably dealt with Valceif’s death long before Ryoka had come to Reizmelt. She had probably indeed only stopped by to kick Ryoka’s ass for a bit.
The City Runner could respect that. In a way…she could envy Mihaela’s retirement. Not the damaged lungs, but a retirement where she just went around scaring the hell out of people and beating up anyone she didn’t like before running off into another dimension. Yeah, yeah.
Ryoka was scratching Mousey’s ears as the huge Aldasian Warhound panted happily.
“Well…what next?”
She looked at Salamani. The Mage Runner hesitated.
“Lie down, curl up into a ball and shake for a bit?”
The two laughed as the Silver Swords gave them a weird look. Dawil rubbed his hands together.
“Or—and hear me out—I hear you’ve got a lot of magical gear. What if we made a few bids on some of it?”
Ryoka saw Falene and Ylawes scowl at their friend, but she laughed.
“Why not? But I have to get most of it appraised at Invrisil.”
“Perhaps. Or you could let a certified Wistram-[Mage] do it for you. I doubt anyone was carrying cursed gear. So I’m perfectly capable of divining basic enchantments.”
Falene adjusted her spectacles. Ylawes coughed into one gauntleted hand.
“Er—mostly. You missed the Curse of Sticking enchantment that one time. I had that shield glued to my hand for a month.”
The [Battlemage] colored. Salamani raised his eyebrows.
“Certified Wistram [Mage] here as well. I suppose Miss Falene has a point. Why don’t we rest, Ryoka? You’re probably a bit…unsteady.”
Ryoka reflected that she might have a concussion. Although it seemed Mihaela had been careful to only damage her slightly. She nodded.
“The Huntress’ Haven. Drinks on me. Er…yeah. Yeah. Let’s all go.”
“Perhaps not Master Madain’s inn?”
Ylawes looked uncomfortable. Ryoka glanced at him and then nodded.
“Uh—maybe, now that I think about it. He’s sort of—”
“Insane? Short-tempered? Persistently drunk? And dirty?”
Falene wrinkled her nose. Ryoka smiled.
“And he has his bad qualities.”
