7.44
Page 13
She jumped up and down with Ryoka in her arms. And the smile grew on Ryoka and Salamani’s faces.
They had done it. They were alive. And—
They had done it. A task worthy of a legend. Wake the Archmage of Izril.
“Just one left. And maybe…maybe Ieka can help. We did it.”
“And we’re rich! Ryoka, we have to get this all appraised! We have armor, weapons—I could be an adventurer! Gold-rank by virtue of enchanted items alone!”
“And you have a fabulous, famous Courier in your debt.”
Salamani added. He was grinning from ear to ear.
“This is the kind of thing that makes Couriers, Ryoka, Fierre. And believe me—I’ll be telling this story for free drinks everywhere I go. When I’m not paying for the entire room, that is.”
He reached out and clasped Ryoka’s arm.
“I mean it. I don’t want to dwell on the point, but—”
“I know. Let’s—just get back to civilization. You might actually be able to help me, Salamani. If you knew one of the Five Great Houses—er, Terland, Wellfar, or Veltras that is.”
The Courier’s gaze sharpened as they left the boat. The [Fisher] snorted after them, having heard the entire conversation. He folded his arms, glaring at the three.
“Oi! Not even a tip?”
Salamani bounced a gold coin off his chest. The three walked on, feeling dizzy, high on reality—a feeling Ryoka had only known a few times before. She loved it. She did love adventure. There was probably something wrong with her, but Ryoka was just the kind of person who’d jump off a cliff into the sea. Or parasail. Or…
Word was spreading. Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt had done it. Her name was out there. As the three walked through the night towards the village, debating how to get back, they were met with an interesting sight.
“—can keep up with you. It’s Ryoka who’ll fall behind. We could run to the nearest town and—oh.”
Fierre blinked. Salamani’s wand was in his hand faster than Ryoka could blink. But neither young woman tensed.
A black coach stood in front of the road. A familiar one. And the driver was certainly familiar.
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My employer has decided to give you a free ride, gratis. Won’t you step inside for a personal, expedited trip back to Reizmelt or wherever you’d like?”
The Djinni, Karsaeu-Dequoa, or Karsy if you were Termin, gave Ryoka and Fierre a huge, pained smile. She was half-bowed, the front of the coach open.
“Fierre, Ryoka. Did you tell anyone you were coming here? That’s—not a normal person. I don’t even know if that’s a Human woman.”
Salamani drew back. Ryoka and Fierre exchanged a look.
“Her employer must have heard the news already. Karsaeu’s not dangerous, Salamani. I think. Fierre?”
“I…think we can take the coach. The Unmarked Coach has a reputation to uphold. Just watch what you say.”
“Got it. It beats walking or running. I am dead and the sun’ll be the death of us.”
“That’s true. I’m exhausted too.”
Salamani didn’t pick up on that last, but Fierre punched Ryoka lightly in the side as they piled into the wagon.
“Can I interest you in any refreshments? If I can do anything to make your ride more comfortable, please, let me know!”
The coach was changed. Salamani exclaimed at the three beds and comfortable table, plush seats…
“Dead gods! How have I never heard of this service?”
“It’s a secret, Salamani.”
“Wh—oh. Got it. You two are full of surprises, aren’t you?”
The three sat back. Mindful of Fierre’s words, Ryoka sat back as the Unmarked Coach trundled forwards. She eyed the magical food and knew it was made of Karsy—or her magic—but she couldn’t help herself.
