7.44
Page 27
“Valceif was killed by some no-name [Bandits] with a [Sleep] spell. He’s dead. My son. All that time…he would have eclipsed me. He would have been a great Courier. He already was, at his age! What am I supposed to do with this fury? It’s not for you. It’s wasted on you.”
She turned to look at Ryoka and shook her head. Ryoka searched for proper words. Not reflexive, guilt-laden words that invited all the blame.
“He—was the first Courier I really met who took the time to talk to me. He gave me good advice, taught me what it was to be a Runner. Pay it forwards. That’s why he helped me out. Because of all the favors other Runners did him.”
Mihaela blinked. Then she smiled.
“That sounds like the kind of stupid thing my boy would have said. Runner’s Guild politics.”
She turned ahead, facing the breeze. Mihaela coughed. Took another sip.
“You’re his legacy. You and all the other idiots he ever helped out. I don’t like you, Ryoka Griffin. And I mean what I said. You’re no Courier. You could be—but you’re too weak. And we must be strong. Valceif should have stayed a City Runner a while longer.”
The young woman from Earth hung her head. Mihaela coughed again. Ryoka looked up at her.
“Mihaela. I’m sorry if everyone knows, but—”
“Yes, I’m sick. Shut up about it. I have a potion. That’s why I’m retired. Can’t run like I used to.”
Ryoka bit her lip.
“Is it—? If it’s something like uh, asthma—that’s where you cough a lot, you’re short on breath—if you were born with it, I could help. I know some tricks from my home.”
The Guildmistress glanced at Ryoka and shook her head wordlessly. She coughed into her hand.
“I wasn’t born with this. And you can’t help me. Not unless you can fix years of damage. I got this on my last run during the First Antinium Wars. One of them did this to me. Wrymvr the Deathless. He couldn’t stick in the Courier’s Road. But he got me.”
Ryoka felt a lurch in her stomach. She saw Mihaela cough again, her lungs rattling with poison—or the aftereffects that had damaged her body permanently. She tapped her chest.
“It’s in here. Even the Healer of Tenbault can’t remove the poison, just restore the flesh. It’s a lesson. I’m the greatest Courier of Izril. And I’ll die of this. We all die. Val…myself…Salamani nearly bit it at the Archmage’s damn mansion, did he?”
“I—yes.”
“We all die. That’s our fate. But the run is glorious.”
Mihaela looked ahead, and then shook her head. She looked back at Ryoka. Not angrily. She—Ryoka and Mihaela might have wished it could be that simple. Blame it all on one person.
If only life was that easy. If only Val could have been brought back or avenged. Ryoka saw Mihaela turn.
“I’m going home. Not a waste of time after all. You failed your Courier’s test. But—Ryoka Griffin is certified as a City Runner. And if those idiots at Celum and Invrisil keep barking about her record, I will break their legs.”
She walked forwards, hopped down off the rocks. Ryoka rose to her feet, wanting to say something. But all she did was stand there.
Mihaela Godfrey turned once. She looked up at Ryoka Griffin and nodded. The young woman called down to her.
“The Courier’s Road is beautiful. I’ve never envied a Skill before. But I wish I could run there.”
“Val’s buried there. He’ll be there forever. I couldn’t give him anything else.”
Mihaela turned away. She raised her hand.
“I just wanted to hit you a few times. Thanks for that. See you.”
She jogged away. Slowly, at first, and then running. Ryoka saw the world shift—and for a moment she saw that glorious, eternal road. Then Mihaela was gone.
