7.44
Page 22
Mihaela hit her just hard enough. Not hard enough to make Ryoka faint or to kill or break her bones like twigs. Just hard enough to—Ryoka clutched at her side, making a faint sound of pain.
“Let’s try again. Why don’t you show me your best kick? I’m told you can hit pretty well.”
The Guildmistress smiled down at Ryoka. There was no one to interfere; they were outside of Reizmelt. Mihaela had led Ryoka away so they couldn’t be interrupted.
She seemed…kindly. Right up until she hit Ryoka or you looked at her eyes. Ryoka was panting, sweating.
“Okay. Okay…”
She couldn’t run. This was—what she deserved. It actually felt like a relief. Finally—someone was hitting her.
Brunkr had died because Venitra and Ijvani had followed her. The Stone Spears tribe had been slaughtered because of the Goblin Lord that Az’kerash had ordered to attack them. Periss had followed Ryoka to her death. Ivolethe—
She couldn’t die. Ryoka stood up. This time she went back in time. A roundhouse kick towards Mihaela. Ryoka remembered Calruz—
On the ground. Mihaela was twisting her arm up.
“Show me. Wind magic, right? Show me or I’ll break your arm.”
“Stop—”
Ryoka tried to twist. Mihaela pulled the arm up and Ryoka screamed.
The wind blew. Mihaela went flying. She caught herself—
“[Transfer Momentum].”
The wind dropped her, suddenly sapped of fury. The Guildmistress blurred over to Ryoka.
“You could have done that from the start. Get up. This time attack me like you mean it or I will kill you.”
Ryoka got to her feet. She thrust a hand out.
“Wind—”
Mihaela blurred left. Ryoka felt the wind howling. It blew at Mihaela. Desperately, Ryoka let it blow sand, a storm of grit and rocks and leaves and dust—
The Guildmistress ran around the storm as the cloud of sand blasted towards her. She was too fast! Her final blow made Ryoka double over and then retch.
Was this how she died? No—she couldn’t! But Mihaela was too fast. If Ryoka tried—
It was just a beating so far. Ryoka got to her hands and knees, spitting to clear her mouth. She looked up.
“And that’s all?”
The woman folded her arms. Her grey hair blew in the weak wind. Ryoka whispered.
“Yes.”
“I see. Stand up.”
Ryoka did, fumbling for the healing potion. Mihaela let her drink it. She coughed into one hand, reflexively, one of those light coughs that you got instead of the full-throated one, and scowled.
“The combat test is over. Not exactly Courier-level. Now, the speed test. Show me your fastest sprint.”
The young woman looked blankly at Mihaela. The woman pointed.
“Go on. From here to those trees. Fast as you can. Imagine I’m about to shoot an arrow at your back.”
Ryoka flinched. But Mihaela produced no bow. She just waited, tapping her foot.
“Wh—run?”
“I said, sprint. Didn’t you hear me?”
Mihaela’s eyes flashed. The young woman hesitated. Then she set herself into a sprinter’s position, waited—
“Go already!”
Ryoka ran. As if she were on the track and field, doing a 400-meter dash. She felt slow. Aside from the fact that her body was healing every blow Mihaela had given her for the last twenty minutes—she had seen speed.
Skill. There was no way to match Mihaela. She had taken the speed of a damn bolt of lightning and she could outrun the wind itself! Ryoka strained for every step, feeling like she was in jello—
Mihaela zipped past her as Ryoka nearly reached the tree. The Guildmistress stood there.
“Slow. You can’t boost your speed?”
“W—with a potion or…”
