7.44
Page 6
Joseph hadn’t had time to teach Liscor’s team that many soccer techniques or strategies, so he’d gone with a good, basic one: passing from player to player before scoring instead of just charging the goal like Pallass’ team did. It meant half the time they got to the goal they scored.
“A new game too. Football. Foot ball. Hmm. How interesting. What else has happened aside from the King of Destruction waking up? That’s inconvenient. I wonder if Amerys is an Archmage? That would be—inconvenient. They said they were going to vote on it right when I left…”
Valeterisa was a woman from the wrong time. She had spent over a decade in isolation, working by herself, ignoring the world. Now she was…conscious…she had a lot to catch up on.
Ryoka eyed Valeterisa. She didn’t know what to make of the Archmage of Izril. She wasn’t trying to kill Ryoka, Fierre, or Salamani, which was a plus, but she was…
Odd. Ryoka was put in mind of a scientist—or rather, a caricature or stereotype of a scientist. Someone concerned with data, logic, to an absurd degree. Only, replace science with magic and that was Valeterisa.
For instance—the Archmage had been peeved to discover the three burning down her island and attacking her mansion. But after they’d explained why they were here, she’d thought about it—and then told them to come in and explain what had happened in the last decade.
Now they were here. In Valeterisa’ actual home—which was past countless layers of traps and so on. They’d teleported in; only Valeterisa or those with the right combination could enter her abode.
“Strange. Um. Oh, here it is. Let’s see. Merchant Guild reports…that’s a lot of money. Message, message…hm, so many people seemed to want me over the last decade.”
Valeterisa was flicking her hand in the air, dismissing dozens of glowing lines which appeared, writing themselves out. She was multi-tasking—glancing at the orb, writing responses—dividing her mind up.
That was what had kept her like this, apparently. Valeterisa had been grateful for being ‘woken up’, enough so that she’d forgiven the fire and attack on her home. Her reaction had been strange.
“At least three dozen people died trying to reach you, Archmage Valeterisa.”
Salamani the Mage Runner’s smile was forced. He stared at the Archmage. For a moment guilt flickered across Valeterisa’s expression. Then her face went blank.
“[Calm]. I did make it explicitly clear that I was not to be disturbed. I will apologize about it. But really…I came to this island to be left alone. That’s how it works. If the fake illusion didn’t chase intruders away—you know, I feel bad about them. I could donate some money to families or something. How much gold do I have? Memo—”
Ryoka felt a nudge at her side. She saw Fierre glancing at her. The Vampire mouthed.
Is she insane?
The young woman just shrugged. Valeterisa seemed more scatterbrained than insane. Actually—she seemed quite sheltered.
Salamani glanced at Ryoka and Fierre and coughed again.
“Archmage, I hate to bring this up since I did agree to the job. But I have to repeat—delicately—that I nearly died trying to reach you. There was evidence that many had starved to death in your prison.”
“Ah, of course. I forgot to tell the familiars to feed them. Little errors like that are how systems break. And placing the runes in an unguarded area. How did you break out again?”
Valeterisa glanced up, saw the glares from all three, and sighed.
“Oh. Right. I am sorry about that. Er…have some food. Food.”
