7.44
Page 17
The [Lord] nodded. He’d normally go for a long ride around his estates at those insane speeds only he could match. It was no exaggeration to say he was probably one of the fastest Humans in the world, certainly on Izril. Mounted, he could catch Magnolia’s famed carriage—and since it was destroyed, he was now peerless.
There were other famed Humans known for their speed, of course. Like Mihaela Godfrey. But she wasn’t known for pure speed…Tyrion was.
Tyrion was breaking in a new warhorse since his beloved steed had died. It was a mark of the man how he had disposed of his horse’s remains. Gelden, the horse, had been butchered and the meat given to the dogs. Because it was a waste of good horseflesh to do otherwise.
The bones Tyrion had kept and buried himself. All this was pure Tyrion. He had downplayed his battle with the [Assassins] to Hethon who had been agog at the story. In fact, he was training because he was so annoyed with the battle itself.
The ride would settle his nerves. But not too far. Tyrion turned as Jericha rode up towards him.
“How is Sammial doing?”
Ullim was looking after Sammial. The boy had a summer cold, fever and coughing. Jericha smiled slightly, reassuring Tyrion who had given no sign of worry.
“He’s resting. I believe he wants to hear more stories of his father, but Ullim is keeping him entertained.”
“Good. Have the [Healer] standing by if his coughing gets worse. His lungs were always weak.”
Sammial had been possessed by coughing fits when he was younger. Perhaps this was a resurgence. Tyrion rode with Jericha and a small escort, defying his peers of Izril to find anything different in his behavior. He had made his choice. There had never been another option.
 
—-
 
Reizmelt now. No one was looking at Reizmelt hard. But they would. Oh, it was about to become news. Just like the game of football. Bigger than the Bannermare and Baleros.
Because of her. Because her name was in the news. And—while few noticed, some remembered.
They gathered in the rally spot twenty miles outside of Reizmelt. Laughing, joking. A different group—only two were the same as last time.
“Alright, who called the Bloodfeast?”
One of them teleported into the spot. And there they were.
The Bloodfeast Raiders. One of them—the one on a carpet—raised a hand.
“This is a special occasion. We’re after prey.”
“Oh?”
The others stirred. The carpet-rider nodded.
“We thought this Runner was dead. The name is Ryoka Griffin. Two of our members are very interested in her. Take her alive. Reizmelt? That’s all your discretion.”
They grinned and laughed. The Bloodfeast Raiders were eleven this time. They were mostly…younger. But one of their members was older. It was the difference of a decade. As they prepared for their entry and place in the news, which they would love and which would galvanize the other raiders—the older member raised a hand.
“Hold up. I just received a [Message]. There’s heat in Reizmelt. A Gold-rank team. A Courier. And…fuck.”
The others stopped. They looked at him as the older member put a finger to his temple.
“Mihaela Godfrey.”
“The Guildmistress of First Landing? What is she doing here?”
The other raiders were confused. Some were excited—others wary. A Courier and a Gold-rank team? They had killed Gold-ranks before. But that last name—the senior member of the Raiders raised a hand.
“Abort. The Bloodfeast is cancelled.”
“What?”
The carpet-rider was furious. He pointed at the city in the distance.
“We could turn Reizmelt to ash! There are eleven of us! You think we’re afraid of a Courier or Gold-ranks? We—”
