7.44
Page 10
Ryoka found herself sitting in a small dining room with Valeterisa, Salamani, and Fierre. They knew it was a dining room only Valeterisa normally used because the rich wood was worn and so was the chair where she sat. A decade of sitting in the exact same spot.
“Make food. Food. I’m sorry. They’re terrible at specific instructions. In the past, [Mages] had far more intelligent familiars. I thought about summoned beings, but they take too much mana and Shadow Familiars can make food. But usually only boiling pasta. And don’t ask them to put in sauce; they always put in everything.”
“Are they…alive?”
“Well, they can run out of magic and die. But they’re more like…limited sentience. Not like undead, which have a purpose even if you don’t give them orders. Shadow familiars are a complex darkness-based spell derived from Golems—you see, the spell differs when it comes to intentional learning, which Golems were actually made with. Have you met Cognita? She’s a version of that ideal taken to the extreme. If you ever opened her root magical matrices, which she’s never let me do, I think you’d find that there’s actually a potentiality for interpretation of orders, which is where the shadow familiars differ. They were created by Noelyeen, a [Mage] of Chandrar around eight thousand years ago to my understanding, although he might have based that on previous—”
The words washed over the three like the ocean. Ryoka, Fierre, and Salamani were each intelligent in their own way. Salamani had even graduated from Wistram. Fierre opened envelopes and traded secrets for a living and Ryoka liked to think she’d had a decent education and was sharp enough to grasp most theories.
Valeterisa was beyond any of that. And—she didn’t lay out things like a good [Teacher] might, with a coherent ending, beginning, and narrative flow. She just followed her own convoluted thoughts, breaking off, clarifying, making anecdotal evidence…
“—so pasta is the most they can do. Although I have had wonderful experiences asking them to ‘lightly char’ meat. They get it cooked right sixty percent of the time.”
“I see. Er, Archmage Valeterisa, what will you do now?”
Ryoka rubbed at one ear. The Archmage stopped nibbling at some extremely al dente pasta with Ryoka’s bread and cheese.
“Get back to work?”
She saw their expressions and clarified.
“Once I deal with all these messages and fix up my mansion and so forth. I have so many of them…and a number of commitments I should honor. Consult memo.”
The pieces of paper fluttered down from the collection around her head. Valeterisa read them, sending most back up but incinerating six notes.
“Yes. Recompense the dead, connect with Wistram…oh, and at the top of my list is checking my income. If I have enough money to spare, I should see what there is to buy. I have an account with the Merchant’s Guild. I hope they don’t think I’m dead. And that I have money.”
She looked nervous about that last part. Ryoka looked at Salamani.
“Er…you are an Archmage, Valeterisa?”
“Oh yes. But I’m bad with money. I spend it on what I need—so I sometimes have to take jobs. And sometimes I’m tricked! People lie to me! An Archmage!”
“Shocking.”
Fierre muttered. Salamani snorted and pretended to cough into his robes. Valeterisa nodded, sighing.
“Tracking down the last [Merchant] who tricked me was difficult. But I found him and made an example and they stopped after that. It was a very disgusting way to die too. I still lose my appetite unless I forget. I’ve blocked the memory but I think it had to do with worms.”
