7.44
Page 19
The Silver Swords looked at each other. Valceif? Ylawes recognized the name. Falene blinked.
“That’s—Valceif Godfrey. Courier. Mihaela’s…oh no.”
They looked forwards, realizing what this moment was. Ylawes felt the tension in the street intensify suddenly as everyone caught on. The onlookers backed up.
“It was my fault. I was under a spell and Valceif helped break it. But I can’t—”
“Really? You can’t tell me why Valceif lost the charm that would have kept him alive?”
Mihaela stepped forwards. She was taller than Ryoka. She looked down at the young woman. Ryoka hesitated again. But she didn’t step back. She just nodded. She couldn’t run from her responsibility. She had been prepared for this moment since she had asked to notify Valceif’s family of her responsibility.
“I’m sorry. But it’s not my secret to give away. It’s…the Runner’s code.”
Salamani made a sound. Mihaela’s eyes narrowed.
“Really. What integrity, for a Runner.”
There was nothing for Ryoka to say. She waited as Mihaela looked her up and down. The Guildmistress stared at Ryoka, and then straightened.
“Well then. I suppose if it’s the Runner’s code of integrity. There’s nothing to say. That’s that.”
Ryoka started. But Salamani—he just watched Mihaela, licking her lips. The Guildmistress stepped back.
“That was personal business. Now. Ryoka Griffin of Celum. The ‘Wind Runner of Reizmelt’. Today is your lucky day.”
Mihaela smiled. Ryoka said nothing. Mihaela—even after meeting her for five minutes—was not someone to whom a smile and ‘good news’ came naturally. The Guildmistress waited for a second and then went on.
“Your achievements have been logged. The Runner’s Guild has certified you at base Courier speed and you have performed a number of impressive deliveries. Thus—you are being considered for certification as a Courier. I’ve come to personally check your abilities.”
“Courier?”
The word ran around the street. Some of Reizmelt’s runners, the Silver Swords, they stirred. That was huge news. It was deserved too—especially in light of Ryoka’s gear, which no one knew about but Salamani.
But the Mage Runner looked even more nervous.
“You, Mihaela? Is that—that necessary?”
“Shut up, Salamani. One more word and I’ll make you a Street Runner.”
Mihaela looked at Salamani. Ryoka thought it was just an empty threat until she saw Salamani turn pale. The Guildmistress looked back at Ryoka.
“Congratulations, Ryoka Griffin.”
She waited. Ryoka made her dry mouth work.
“I—I don’t think I’m ready to be a Courier, Guildmistress Mihaela.”
“Really? Well, we’ll find out. It’s just a few tests of your running speed, other abilities. Oh—and combat competence. I won’t take up much of your time. Let’s start with combat.”
“Mihaela.”
The Guildmistress ignored Salamani. She gestured at Ryoka.
“I’m told you’re a good hand-to-hand fighter. Go ahead and show me how you’d defend yourself if I was a [Bandit].”
“Guildmistress—”
“Attack me. Or I’ll attack you.”
Mihaela waited. Ryoka Griffin looked around. She was tense. Part of her was telling her to kick Mihaela as hard as she could and run like hell. Fight—the air was heavy.
But no. No running, and no…Ryoka raised her hands.
“I can’t just attack you, Guildmistress. I—”
“You can defend yourself, then. Here I go.”
Mihaela raised a fist. Reflexively, Ryoka brought up her hands. She saw a blur, heard a shout.
“Mihaela, don’t—”
Something hit Ryoka in the jaw. It felt like a hammer. Ryoka stumbled, caught hers—
A blow to her sides. She doubled over, reflexively. Then a third punch landed before Ryoka could blink.
