7.44
Page 24
She shook her head. Ryoka looked up. The Guildmistress looked past her. Ryoka felt her throat lock up.
“I can’t. I’m sorry. I can make the wind blow harder sometimes. But I’m not—a Courier. Valceif shouldn’t have helped me. I’m so s—”
“Would you stop apologizing?”
The City Runner hung her head. She waited once more. Mihaela looked down at her. She turned away.
“What a waste of my time. I shouldn’t have bothered.”
She turned and walked away. Ryoka’s head rose.
“Wait! If you—I won’t do anything. Just—just let me have it. Whatever you want. I deserve it.”
The Guildmistress of First Landing looked back at Ryoka, her eyebrows raised. Ryoka flinched. She expected another blow. But Mihaela just turned back and snorted. She began jogging without another word.
The City Runner tried to follow her. Mihaela ignored Ryoka’s voice. She jogged, contemptuously moving just past Ryoka’s top speed. Letting the Runner try to catch up. But—no. Mihaela was done. She took a breath, trying to calm the fury running through her.
The breath caught. Mihaela began coughing. She slowed, thumping at her chest. For a minute, she had to cough and nearly run in place.
“Guildmistress?”
Ryoka caught up. She saw Mihaela reaching for something. A vial. The woman uncorked it, took a sip. Looked back at Ryoka and scowled.
“We’re done here. You failed. I’m going home.”
She turned and began running again. Ryoka ran after her. No. If Mihaela had beaten her unconscious, that would be one thing. If Ryoka could explain in any way—as much as she could without talking about Teriarch—that was another.
Ryoka wanted Mihaela to vent whatever fury she had. This? This wasn’t anything.
“Mihaela! Please—wait!”
The woman picked up speed. But she began coughing again. It was some kind of attack. Ryoka saw Mihaela grasping at her chest.
Yellow Rivers? No—wasn’t there a cure? And besides—this wasn’t the symptoms of that. It looked like—an asthma attack. Or close. But Mihaela didn’t slow.
“Damn. Get lost!”
She ran on. This time Ryoka ran as hard as she could. But Mihaela was pulling away. And then—the older woman spoke. To lose Ryoka, she spoke a Skill. A truly powerful Skill.
 
—-
 
Mihaela was done. She didn’t know what she had expected, but Ryoka Griffin had splendidly betrayed it all. She hadn’t been what the Guildmistress wanted, in either direction.
She was done. The Courier coughed again. Her damned lungs. So—to leave, to outrun Ryoka, she used a Skill.
Her greatest Skill. The one she had gotten at Level 50. She had gotten another capstone Skill since—and possibly more powerful.
But this was the most significant of her life. She had never been more honored by a Skill before or since. Mihaela whispered it now.
“[The Courier’s Last Road].”
And she ran into another world. 
It was the same as the first time she had run here, lungs burning, dying. Mihaela Godfrey inhaled and felt her lungs clear. The grass and trees around her vanished. The land around Reizmelt—gone.
There was only the road. It stretched ahead in a world with almost no terrain. Just flat ground. No sun. But there was light—of a kind. Ambient, coming from everything and nothing.
The Courier’s Road. A road that many had run down, passed from the greatest Runners of each generation. The safest place. Here—Mihaela breathed. She ran on, covering ground in the other world at impossible speed. She felt light. She could run forever here.
It was only after a few moments that Mihaela realized she wasn’t alone. She looked back; the intrusion was noticeable in this place, impossible to miss. Someone had violated this sacred ground.
