7.44
Page 7
She clapped her hands and Ryoka saw a shadowy—thing—float towards her. It was all-shadow, and thus hard to even focus on. The Shadow Familiar was bearing a plate of…Ryoka eyed the very stale tea and raw carrots.
“What is this?”
“F-food? I had a garden set up and the familiars pull from my stockpiles. I have been eating…I think…I was going to wear a Ring of Nourishment, but they’re not perfect and I needed no magical interference from artifacts.”
Valeterisa looked unconvinced herself. She took a carrot and sipped at a cup of tea. Her face fell.
“That’s disgusting. Did I eat this the entire time? Wait…wait…[Recall Memories]. Oh. Oh my. That’s a lot of raw vegetables…and I hate potatoes!”
Ryoka looked at Salamani. The Mage Runner’s slitted eyes were rolled up in his head. He looked at Ryoka and then cleared his throat.
“Archmage—”
“Ah!”
She started and snapped her fingers. Salamani tensed warily; as did Ryoka and Fierre. Valeterisa wasn’t—reassuring to be around. But the Archmage of Izril swung around and smiled.
“How about this. You can keep the uh, possessions of everyone who came here? That’s a suitable…reward, isn’t it? I’m sure it’s quite valuable, some of it. Yes, yes. And I’ll commend your names to the Runner’s Guild.”
Valeterisa looked from face to face and hers fell slightly.
“No?”
The City Runner hesitated. She had a feeling about Valeterisa. So she looked the woman in the eyes.
Valeterisa had grey hair, but she seemed to have staved off aging. She was thin—especially since she’d lived on tea and vegetables for the last ten plus years—but she mostly reminded Ryoka of a curious bird, peering around, looking surprised.
When she had been about to kill them, though, she had been quite…cold. Ryoka remembered that too. She licked her lips before gesturing at Fierre and Salamani.
“Archmage…we nearly died. I’m not mad about that—I did volunteer for the risk. But your mansion and traps…they’ve killed dozens of people.”
The Archmage’s eyes flickered. She tapped her chest. Ryoka saw Salamani grimace at her. Valeterisa inhaled and exhaled.
“How about a larger tip? I could give you a few wands. Or enchant something…”
“Archmage. People died because of you. They died of starvation. Alone.”
Valeterisa stared at Ryoka and then turned away.
“I—”
She raised a trembling hand and Ryoka reached out. She felt a shock—snatched her hand back before touching Valeterisa. Her fingertips were burned.
But it worked. Valeterisa flinched. And her eyes filled up.
“I didn’t mean to. I just—I was trying to protect my work! The last time they hired a [Rogue] and stole my research. It was—oh, Ancestors. Those poor people!”
She sniffed. A familiar handed her a handkerchief. Valeterisa wiped her eyes and promptly got a decade’s worth of dust in her eyes.
“She is so weird!”
Fierre whispered to Ryoka as Valeterisa cursed and conjured some water. Salamani shook his head.
“I’ve heard stories, but she went into seclusion when I was still a City Runner, let alone a graduate of Wistram…they say she’s the best at magical theory. Not combat or politics or anything else.”
Ryoka had no idea about Wistram politics. She turned to Salamani.
“Well, our job is done. Assuming we get out of here alive…”
They all eyed the sniffing Valeterisa. Ryoka hesitated.
“…we can get paid.”
“You mean, you can. I gave you all the credit to Lady Ieka. And I still owe you a debt, Miss Ryoka Griffin. Speaking of which—you should tell me if you want to call it in, anytime. I could try to persuade the Runner’s Guild to give you a Courier’s certification as part of it. I think few people would argue.”
