7.44
Page 15
“Why don’t you go home, Fierre? I’m sure your family wants to know you’re back.”
“Me? But—well, okay.”
Fierre hesitated. But she flexed one arm and eyed the lightening skies.
“I have a lot to tell them. Ryoka. You are invited for dinner. Be there. Evening. We’re going to have to talk about a lot.”
The two grinned at each other. Fierre left, waving at Ryoka and running with considerable speed.
“If she’s not a Runner, she’s wasted.”
Salamani commented. He grinned and winked at Ryoka.
“Don’t worry. I know something’s up. Not sure what, but not many young women are like her. Or you, Ryoka.”
“I don’t need you to stick around, Salamani. Er—not that I want to get rid of you! It’s just—no need for your debt yet.”
Ryoka flushed. The Courier laughed.
“I appreciate you being honest. How about this? Let’s get to the Guild, make a report—and it’s going to take at least an hour with truth spells—and then you can tell me about the Five Families. I don’t have a big ‘in’ with them; I’ve done deliveries, but I can listen.”
“Sounds good.”
Ryoka smiled. They trotted towards the Runner’s Guild. Ryoka didn’t know what to say. Salamani was just making light chatter.
“The amount of gear we have is insane. Frankly, you’re at Courier-level if you keep the wands and scrolls, which I advise you to do. You can make any [Bandit] group sweat hard with that alone. As for the equipment—it’s a tossup what you keep and sell. We’re not adventurers and sometimes [Thieves] go after us. Do you have a place to store your gold?”
“Um. No. But I could put it at the Merchant’s Guild, right?”
The Courier nodded.
“With that kind of gold you don’t keep it. One Level 40 [Thief] and you’ll be sunk. Frankly, we need to be careful when we go to Invrisil. Actually—sleep with one eye open if we can’t store the gear before getting to Invrisil.”
“Do you—do you think we should give some of it back to the deceased? I mean…”
The Mage Runner sighed.
“Some gold, maybe. But charity? I don’t think giving back the items is a good…precedent. Tends to backfire.”
“Right. So…what? Am I just going to wear enchanted armor?”
Salamani saw her expression.
“You’re going to be the most well-armored Runner for a hundred miles. And yes. Unless it’s too heavy. We. Are. Rich. Mind you—I’m going to sell most of my gear because it interferes with spellcasting, especially heavy armor. But I’m buying a spell tome with, what, a Tier 6 spell? If I can…the next few months might just be me running around with my nose in a book!”
Ryoka laughed. The two pushed into Reizmelt’s Runner’s Guild and Ryoka inhaled. Here and there and back again. It felt strange.
The Runner’s Guild was, as always, slightly full, even at the crack of dawn. Ryoka saw the [Receptionist], Alime, at the desk and smiled.
“Alime!”
There was only one person in line in front of them so Ryoka slowed, embarrassed. Don’t get a big head. She was going to go to Invrisil—maybe with Fierre?—right after this. Maybe Ieka was still there, but Ryoka wanted to tell Erin. And Mrsha! And maybe Erin needed a suit of armor.
Scratch that—some of the artifacts needed to go to Erin. Not the sword. The thought of Erin with a sword was a terrible one.
Ryoka saw Alime glance up at her. The [Receptionist]’s eyes widened.
“Ryoka? There you are! What timing! Actually—”
She cut off. Ryoka saw the person in front of her, someone with short, silverfish hair, turn her head. It was an older woman. Tall, long-legged like most Runners. She turned her head and Salamani blinked.
“Whoa. Now there’s a meeting. Hey! Guildmistress, it’s me!”
“Salamani? Didn’t expect to see you here.”
