7.44
Page 11
Ryoka stopped chewing on her crunchy pasta. Fierre stopped giggling. Valeterisa ate on, calmly.
“As to your question, Miss Ryoka Griffin—no, two things. Firstly, I will contact Ieka Imarris. She did well to contact me. I would expect nothing less of my niece.”
“Your—”
“Secondly, may I have some of your hair? All of it? I feel like something about you is…interesting.”
Valeterisa craned her neck back and forth to stare at Ryoka. She went on.
“I’d prefer flesh and blood or something else, but hair will do. I will pay you for it. Um…a hundred gold? If I have gold. Familiars, find out how much gold I have.”
A shadow floated away and Ryoka tried not to protectively cover her hair.
“Archmage, I’m not interested in selling my hair.”
“Really? Can I convince you otherwise? I feel like you might have some discovery in your blood.”
“Absolutely not.”
“I could insist. I am an Archmage. Your help would fuel magical discovery.”
Valeterisa looked at Ryoka with what might have been an attempt at sternness. Ryoka edged back in her seat.
“What have you discovered or made so far, Archmage Valeterisa?”
She looked hurt.
“All kinds of things! I do enchantments, mostly. Or scrolls—anything to make money. Why, the last thing I did was…was…[Recall Memory]. Aha! I helped design some Kaalblades, based on an old design for the House of El. Oh! I wonder if the profits will have come in already? Maviola hasn’t sent a [Message]…no, wait, she has. Sort through all fifty six, in order of date…”
Valeterisa sat back, looking excited. Salamani winced at ‘House of El’ and ‘profits’. Ryoka felt her head explode.
Maviola? No way—but Erin had said—just a coincidence. Just…
And like that, Ryoka Griffin remembered.
The Summer Solstice. Time was running out. But—if Erin was to be believed, she had found a member of the Five Great Families. With Magnolia, that was two.
One more and they could do it! But she had to continue coordinating with Laken. Pay him a visit on top of the letter. And—
Ryoka stood. The absent woman looked up as Ryoka took a breath.
“Archmage Valeterisa. I’m afraid I’m not willing to sell you any of my hair. Or blood. I’m uh, attached to the body parts I have left.”
She showed the Archmage her right hand. Valeterisa pursed her lips.
“I wouldn’t want a finger…well, I’d want one, but I wouldn’t ask for one unless you were willing to pay—but very well. I suppose I owe you a debt of gratitude. Erm. Yes. I am very grateful. Is there anything I can do for you three…Runners? Rest assured, I will recall this debt. Memo—debt of gratitude to Ryoka, Fierre, Salamani…”
She looked at them with the clear effort of trying to look grateful, but hoping that they didn’t actually demand something. Ryoka glanced at Salamani and Fierre.
Valeterisa gave Ryoka mixed signals. On one hand, she looked defenseless, gullible. On the other—she mentioned worms, she had made the most evil set of traps Ryoka had ever seen and she could be unsettling. Ryoka thought about it and felt at her full bag of holding.
“You know what, Archmage Valeterisa? You can ship the rest of the uh, magical scrolls and potions we left to Reizmelt for us. And then you can direct us to the exit. Maybe with a boat?”
The Archmage brightened. She nodded, clapped her hands for her familiars, and Ryoka breathed a sigh of relief. She looked at Fierre and Salamani and they smiled.
“Ow!”
Ryoka clapped a hand to the back of her head. A Shadow Familiar hovered away with a few strands of her hair. Valeterisa innocently turned her head.
 
—-
 
