7.44
Page 4
There were packed stands filled with Liscor’s residents and Pallass’. They’d come yesterday to let the door recharge—even some [Senators]. Erin saw the Watch patrolling the area outside of the field as they watched to make sure no Rock Crabs or other monsters interfered.
“Weird. I didn’t even have anything to do with it this time.”
Erin mumbled as she heard Drassi eagerly introducing both sides’ players. The audience was cheering—both teams were comprised of Pallass and Liscor’s citizens.
Even a pair of Gold-rank adventurers from Pallass, which had caused a fight when it was announced. But this was a game—and there were no rules on who could compete. There were rules on the usage of magic, potions, and everything else that had been worked out over the last few weeks, but not on Skills.
And Pallass wanted to win. So their team was made up mostly of fliers—Oldblood Drakes and Garuda and they’d given their team the finest training.
Except for one thing. And that was the captain of Liscor’s team.
Joseph. Someone else who’s name was suddenly known the world over. He had done nothing as provocative as waking an Archmage. But he had brought soccer to this world.
“And last we have Joseph Ortega, the inventor of soccer—excuse me, football! He came up with the rules of this very fun game in conjunction with Wistram Academy. Huh. I didn’t know that. For more details, consult with any Wistram alumnus about the rules or equipment for the game!”
Drassi read from the script she’d been handed. That…fact…was quite interesting if you were listening hard for it. Erin’s own eyes narrowed, but it passed unnoticed by most. The game was starting and Pallass had the kickoff. Erin heard a roar from the crowd as the Drake captain from Pallass—a former Gold-rank [Warrior] launched the ball at Joseph’s team.
“Here we go! Just like we practiced!”
Joseph blocked the ball with his chest. Erin saw Liscor’s team running ahead. Spreading out—it was familiar to her as someone who’d seen a few soccer games.
By contrast, Pallass’ team made a beeline for the ball, over half charging for it.
“Oh wow! Pallass’ team wants to get the ball in the air! We have Casil from Pallass diving—no, Joseph passes it ahead to Rumerk!”
The Gnolls from Liscor and Pallass cheered as the Gnoll dribbled the ball around one of Pallass’ player. The Gold-rank was fast, but Rumerk passed the ball through his legs, and the former adventurer had to stop or smash into the Gnoll. Rumerk kicked it down the pitch towards a Drake no one was guarding.
“Go! Go!”
Ekirra was cheering from the temporary bleachers. He was wearing a Liscorian uniform—Ekirra was a member of the little league and Joseph’s soccer class.
Pallass’ team doubled back on the Drake. They were fast, with Skills boosting their reflexes. But…they weren’t soccer players.
“Now!”
A Garuda fluttered upwards as the Liscorian player kicked the ball up. The other fliers from Pallass flew back, ready to kick the ball through the air—
A Gnoll jumped and kicked the ball down and across the pitch. It flashed below the fliers and shot towards Joseph. The Human’s leg blurred.
“[Flash Kick]!”
The ball flickered. Erin blinked—she saw the Dullahan land on the ground. But the ball had curved as Joseph kicked it. It bounced out of the net. There was silence—then a roar.
“Goal!”
The bleachers erupted into cheers. Liscorians were in uproar—Pallass’ audience sat there in shock. They hadn’t seen Liscor’s team practicing. Erin had seen that particular trick a dozen times.
