7.44
Page 5
The fliers, flustered, regrouped as they were given the kick-off. This time they tried to juggle the ball in the air. A Garuda flew up as a Gnoll kicked the ball. She kicked it towards an Oldblood Drake—
“[High Jump]!”
A Drake headed the ball out of the air. It went flying and Liscor’s team on the ground passed it around Pallass’ players in a flash. Erin saw the ball go flying into the goal—heard a roar from outside, and then an echo of it from inside the inn a few seconds later.
“Another goal! Not surprising—Pallass seems to think the air was the right way to go, but it’s too easy to knock it out of the air and then where are you? No one on the ground means you’re in trouble! 2-0!”
It was going to be ugly for Pallass. They had stronger individual players, as Joseph had told Erin. But they had yet to understand how soccer worked as well as someone who had grown up playing the game. Teamwork, passing…Erin sat in her inn, smiling as Liscor cheered their team beating a Walled City.
She hadn’t done anything to make this happen. In fact, The Wandering Inn wasn’t even selling food. People had seen Erin making a small fortune at the baseball game and soccer games before, so every hawker and street vendor in Liscor as well as many restaurants, inns, and pubs were all catering with food.
Can I have money for food?
Mrsha held up a note, pleadingly. Lyonette looked exasperated.
“Why do you want to buy food, Mrsha? We’re an inn!”
“It’s the experience of it, Lyonette. Come on, how about two silver? Three? Okay, three, if you share with Ekirra and Visma.”
Erin laughed. It was a fun day. She handed the coins over as Lyonette rolled her eyes. The [Princess] let Ishkr pass out food to the audience who wanted to watch the game from the inn. She went to sit with Pawn and the Antinium on the roof of the inn.
 
—-
 
Soccer. On the field, Joseph shone as he led his players forwards towards the disoriented Pallassian team. A while ago he had been constantly drunk, disillusioned—well, it wasn’t like soccer had solved everything.
But it had given him a purpose. Erin had helped him find it, in less than a month, while Magnolia Reinhart had let Joseph and the others just…waste away their time and potential. Deliberately, perhaps.
It was notable, though, that a soccer game was tied for a battle between three of the Great Companies of Baleros in the news. But then again—that was how the news worked.
Ryoka Griffin stared at the image with Fierre, Salamani, and…Archmage Valeterisa. She hadn’t seen Erin, which was good, only Joseph.
“So this is now normal? Mass-broadcast via scrying orb? How strange. How strange. A useful concept, but…why did the academy come up with it? I must ask.”
Valeterisa was muttering to herself. The Archmage of Izril was distracted—Ryoka saw her flick a wrist.
“Memo—ask Feor about mass scrying spell. Television? No, Nailihuaile.”
A hovering quill scribbled furiously on a bit of paper. Then a note with the exact words in neat scrawl flew up and floated around Valeterisa’s head. The Archmage of Izril turned to stare at the game of soccer again.
Pallass was getting destroyed. The Dullahan was the wrong person to have in the goal. Ryoka wasn’t a huge soccer expert, but even with his ability to detach his limbs (which meant no soccer ball hitting his head which was watching from behind the goal), the Dullahan was just too slow in his armor.
