7.45
Page 32
What would they do if it was Ryoka’s blood? Or the rat? The young woman hesitated, but Colfa looked at her and nodded. She grabbed Ryoka’s arm and lapped up the blood. Then she tore open the rat and bit the flesh.
For a moment she was savage, her teeth tearing apart fur and meat. Ryoka backed away as Colfa’s eyes glowed. She swallowed, wiping at her mouth.
“Ryoka? Falene says she thinks—Ryoka?”
The two women jumped. Ylawes poked his head into the bathroom. He saw Ryoka gulping a healing potion, the bloody dagger in hand.
“Ylawes! This is a bathroom!”
“I’m terribly sorry!”
The [Knight] pulled his head back at once, blushing. Ryoka couldn’t believe the [Knight] would be that…
Ylawes looked Colfa and Ryoka up and down as they left a moment later.
“What happened to your wrist, Ryoka?”
Colfa’s mouth and clothing was free of blood. Ryoka hesitated.
“I—was trying to dissect the rat and slipped. But we think it might be the rat. What—what did Falene find out?”
“A number of diseases. None that match Fierre’s condition yet, but I wanted to ask if you had a rat.”
“Yes…here.”
Ryoka handed Ylawes a spare green rat. He took it in his gauntleted hands, very gingerly, and nodded.
“Let me…give this to Falene. Thank you.”
He looked back just once. At Ryoka’s wrist. She felt trepidation. But then she turned to Colfa.
“It might take a day or two to see if you’re sick, though. Damn, damn—”
“I’m not sick. Nor will I be.”
The Vampire spoke softly. Ryoka looked at her.
“You can’t be sure—”
“I’ve had animal blood before. The rat tasted no different. I’ve drank the blood of rabid animals—and sick ones. I can tell the difference. Unless that [Knight]’s friend can find poison in it—neither you nor the rat were the cause. Your blood tastes different, for that matter. And I have drunk Human blood.”
Ryoka blinked. Colfa was staring at her.
“I…could it make you sick?”
“No. It just tastes different. Believe me—I thought you might be right. But the more I think of it—even if Fierre was eating poisoned rats, so what? Fluffles the Fifth ate a bunch of poison once and we drank his blood. None of us were sick; it just tasted foul.”
Poor Fluffles the Fifth. Ryoka thought that distantly…then her stomach clenched. And her certainty turned to despair once more. Especially when she went to find Falene and the [Battlemage] held up the rat in a leather-gloved hand.
“No poison. It’s just a rat. Why anyone would eat a rat is beyond me, but there you go.”
“I could see eating a rat. I bet Ceria would give it a bite. You too good for rats, Pointy?”
Dawil muttered. Falene glowered at him, but their heart wasn’t in it. The Silver Swords saw Ryoka put her head down.
She’d failed. Ryoka had no more clues left! Only the Unseen Carriage and she was almost certain that Karsaeu wouldn’t have fed Fierre poisoned magic food. What was there left? Ryoka had tried being scientific about it! She’d tried—
“What’s that smell?”
Falene covered her nose. Ryoka raised her head.
“Sorry. It’s uh, puke. Fierre’s bag of holding had…she threw up in…”
She stared at her hand. Then sniffed at the black gunk there. Ylawes and Falene gagged a bit. So did Ryoka. But she stared.
“She threw this up when she took…”
The panacea. Here was something Fierre’s body had rejected. Ryoka remembered the stream of black vomit so clearly. And it was still here, preserved by the bag of holding.
“Look, Miss Griffin. I said a lot of stuff about rats. But if you’re that hungry, I’ll make you some food.”
Dawil looked nervous as Ryoka stared at her hand. But the young woman was muttering.
