7.45
Page 17
Yitton nodded to him and that was the second thing he said to Pisces all day. After he had gone, the Horns went for a walk. Yvlon needed it and they wanted to privacy to speak.
House Byres’ lands were nice. Picturesque, in that old knightly-way. You could just imagine some of the people working the fields looking up and seeing a [Knight] on his way to fight some evil monster.
“Ylawes must just fit in here.”
Ceria had been thinking the same thing. Yvlon just shrugged as she kicked around moodily. In the distance, children and people looked up, waving at Yvlon who had to wave back and staring at her arms. Everyone had been in uproar when they’d seen her new arms—but they’d accepted it with startling ease. Perhaps because it was a sign Yvlon Byres had stayed true to her house.
“Silver and steel, huh?”
The half-Elf glanced at Yvlon. The woman nodded.
“Honest as steel, pure as silver. That’s the Byres tradition.”
“Rude as a muddy toad slapping you in the face, you mean. You okay, Pisces? Lord Byres was pretty direct.”
The [Necromancer] shrugged moodily.
“He’s far from the first person I’ve met to hold such beliefs. And he was rather cordial about it; he could have been far ruder. I will live. You on the other hand, look quite unwell, Yvlon.”
He turned to the [Armsmistress]. Yvlon rubbed at her arms, clenching and unclenching her metal hands and staring at them as she did quite often these days.
“I—I’m sorry if I’ve been unsociable, everyone. But I really do want to leave as soon as we can without upsetting my parents.”
The others exchanged a quick glance. Ksmvr’s mandibles opened and closed.
“But why, Yvlon? Your parents seem very nice to me. I have no frame of reference for this statement, but I will make it anyways.”
Yvlon smiled.
“It’s—complicated, Ksmvr. Family often is. I like my parents, and Ylawes and Ysara, of course. It’s just that I’m not always at home around them. Do you understand what I mean?”
“No. But this is normal. You are not at home in your home.”
Ksmvr skipped ahead, thinking. The others waited; educating Ksmvr about the world was a full-time job they were all used to. He came back and looked at Yvlon and Ceria and Pisces.
“May I share my interesting observations, please?”
“Go ahead, Ksmvr. This should be quite illuminating.”
Pisces smirked. Ksmvr nodded. He tilted his head one way and then another and then spoke.
“I have never had a family. I was created to lead Antinium and replace Prognugator Klbkch. I was made to die and be replaced. It seems to me that families among other species treasure new life with an excess of value on the young. This is not a bad thing.”
The other’s smiles faded. That was Ksmvr for you. One moment he was childish, the next moment he stabbed you in the gut and let you bleed. Pisces looked at Ceria and Yvlon, at a loss, and it was the half-Elf who reached out.
“Almost right. You have a family now, Ksmvr.”
“Yes you do. And as far as I’m concerned, you could be my little brother. House Byres is your house, Ksmvr.”
Yvlon smiled and squeezed Ksmvr’s shoulder gently. He looked at her, antennae moving with suppressed emotion. He opened and closed his mandibles.
“…May I have two trees?”
Everyone laughed. Yvlon nodded.
“Why don’t you go pick one out?”
“I’ll help if you want, Ksmvr. I know good trees. We can find another bird’s nest.”
“Really?”
