7.45
Page 27
But it wasn’t sleep. Her breathing was growing weaker. Ryoka checked her pulse again.
“Too warm.”
That was all Colfa said. The Vampire mother sat there. She applied ice to Fierre’s head, frozen with a spell. Trying to lower Fierre’s temperature to what should be cold skin for a Vampire. She wiped sweat from Fierre’s brow.
Ryoka’s friend looked so…Human as she lay there. Her eyes were closed, and her hands had been neatly folded. Ryoka wished Colfa hadn’t done that. It seemed like defeat.
“What—what have I missed?”
Colfa glanced at Ryoka. The young woman ran down the list. Colfa reapplied the ice, tried to give Fierre some water.
The Vampire girl had taken some of the sheep’s blood that Fierre’s family lived on, some water—but she was sick, throwing up—and none of the tinctures Colfa had tried to give her daughter had any effect.
Whatever was attacking Fierre—it was getting worse. Now, Ryoka heard Fierre breathing weakly.
“Say it again.”
Ryoka read dully.
“Reizmelt. Djinni’s carriage. Ate magical food and drink with me. Panacea. Struck by sunlight; exposed to garlic. Would any of that—”
“No.”
“You’re sure?”
Himilt spoke up. The farmer sat there, in his dark clothing, head bowed. Not asleep, but unmoving. Thinking.
“Did she eat the garlic?”
“No. She had a reaction to it—but it was thrown out.”
“Then it wouldn’t affect her. Garlic only causes suffering. I’ve never heard of a Vampire dying of it. Bamer’s stories never mentioned it. Physical sickness, yes. Not this.”
Ryoka made another note on the list.
“Sunlight?”
She knew the answer even as Colfa looked at her. The woman had even tested it.
“Sunlight burns us. If Fierre was…cured…it would have set her ablaze within moments, as you said. But as soon as we return to shadows we begin to heal.”
No point in asking again and again. Ryoka ran down the list.
“She passed over the ocean…she was really seasick.”
“Nothing to do with her heritage.”
Let’s see. Spells, fighting across the isle…nothing out of the ordinary so far. Ryoka bit her lip. Her mind was…fogged. She hadn’t slept since yesterday, before dawn. But she had to focus. Figure it out. She found the next suspicious entry on her list.
“Mirrors in the Archmage’s mansion? Fighting Golems? The—the air that put me to sleep? [Insanity] spells?”
“Nothing like that would do this. Perhaps whatever put you to sleep—but I cannot believe it would have lingered in her body and only affected her now.”
Colfa shook her head. Fierre made a sound and all three started. Ryoka saw Colfa touch her daughter’s head.
“She’s getting warmer. What. Else?”
“Imprisonment. Collecting artifacts, leaving the mansion. Meeting the Archmage. Eating some food—my rations and carrots and bad tea.”
Himilt opened his eyes as Ryoka paused.
“Fierre used to eat raw meat. Bloody. I know a Vampire who ate foul, rotten flesh and never suffered for it. Nothing like that could harm her.”
Ryoka tapped at her lips.
“After that we left…”
She felt like she was missing something. But—it had been an entire day’s journey back to Reizmelt so whatever had happened still had taken a long time.
“When she returned here—Fierre told you what had happened. Tell me if I’m missing anything. She ate in the dining room. Anything unusual?”
“Fluffle’s blood. Two days old. We all had it, though.”
The sheep? Ryoka blinked, but that was why the Lischelle-Drakle family raised their animals. The perfect cover, and apparently the animals didn’t mind the bleeding much. Ryoka bit her lip.
“Anything else?”
