7.45
Page 6
Jericha hesitated. She raised her wand as she put the scroll in her belt.
“You heard Lord Veltras. Begone.”
The [Assassin] rose. A bit worried. She debated arguing—but Jericha had her orders. And the [Assassin] had given the ultimatum. Briefly, she considered that the Circle might have made a mistake. If Tyrion Veltras was willing to let his sons die, they would have removed their only hold on him.
But if he did hold any affection for them—he would sign the scroll. She was sure either way that Tyrion was calling for [Alchemists] or other experts even now. But this time—the Circle had accounted for that. She left the keep as Hethon and Sammial lay sick. Unaware that in the Circle’s game and designs—there was one last card to play. And that Tyrion Veltras reached for it now.
 
—-
 
One card if you were someone who liked card games. An extra die if you played dice. If you played chess…a queen in your back pocket or something?
Analogies were silly things. But it was fair to say it like that. Even the Circle of Thorns, even the plight facing Ryoka and afflicting Fierre—there was an easy solution, a cheap, almost unfair one.
Lord Tyrion didn’t know it—but he reached out to the person who could provide it now. And Ryoka went to the source.
Magnolia Reinhart’s family were famed for their use of poisons and the [Lady] was the most resourceful woman in all of Izril. Ryoka stood by Falene and begged the half-Elf.
“Please. Just send it. Say it’s from Ryoka Griffin and that my friend is hurt. I know he can help. He’ll listen to me.”
“Grand Magus Eldavin. You know Grand Magus Eldavin?”
The half-Elf [Battlemage] was frankly incredulous. She hadn’t been at The Wandering Inn to see the ‘Grand Magus’ in person, but word had spread. Ryoka nodded.
“I…I ran a delivery for him. He doesn’t owe me a favor—not exactly. But he’ll listen. Please.”
Himilt’s head rose slightly. He was standing in his fields, apart from the Silver Swords who had come with Salamani to see what had drawn Ryoka away. Dawil glanced at Ylawes and Salamani blinked.
 The pieces came together. For other people. They came to the wrong conclusion for the right reasons.
Fierre’s cure. Ryoka’s strange, Erin-like connections. The rumors about her delivering to the High Passes, the Wyvern bounty.
A Grand Magus. Oh, the misunderstandings. Ryoka was oblivious to it as everyone else put the pieces together and kept their silence, redoubling their interest in the moment.
“Very well, I’m sending the [Message] as follows. ‘To Grand Magus Eldavin, sender: Ryoka Griffin. Urgent…’”
 
—-
 
So too from Tyrion Veltras as well, towards Magnolia Reinhart. It was the kind of thing the Circle of Thorns may have understood could happen. They might have figured on Magnolia Reinhart’s interference—even expected it after the assassination attempt.
But a Dragon? Dragons were cheating. On the [Messages] came, two for sickness and answers. They moved through the world at the speed of magic, which could be instantaneous or slow.
Instantaneous in this case. They travelled—and the spells disintegrated. Severed, before they even reached their target. After all—you could trace where a [Message] spell was received. So they never arrived.
“Two more in the interception net. Someone’s trying to trace you. Or me.”
Teriarch raised his head and narrowed his eyes. Magnolia Reinhart stood in his cave.
“Let them send [Messages] after I’m gone, Teriarch. The world will know soon.”
The Dragon lowered his head. He looked at the woman. Even now—she had yet to recover from the shock of it.
