7.45
Page 35
“Oh, as long as I can remember. We’re not supposed to talk about it. We have lots of stuff like that. For instance—we can never hold a gathering of the family at night or under a roof. We have to always meet in the sun. And nude sunbathing is encouraged. There’s a painting I used to see as a child that mother put away of—stop leering, Pisces.”
The Horns laughed and walked away. Unconcerned. But…
There it was.
 
—-
 
Silver. Ryoka kept washing the granules, inspecting it. It wasn’t shiny, glittering stuff like you expected—until you remembered that silver tarnished when it touched sulfur. And if it had been in someone’s stomach or their body…
Ryoka had collected as much of the black stuff Fierre had expelled. And now—she wasn’t sure if Fierre had thrown up, or just regurgitated what was making her sick.
Because there it was. Maybe a gram of it at most. Ryoka had no doubt washed some of it away or lost the rest. But it had been in her.
“Silver.”
She looked up. Falene had gone to wash herself after Ryoka had accidentally splashed her and Salamani. Now, it was just Colfa. The woman stared at Ryoka.
Her face—well, a Vampire always looked bloodless. But Colfa swayed on her feet.
“But—but how? Fierre wouldn’t eat that.”
“She couldn’t. Not straight up. But…what if she—what if all of you had been eating it, or—or getting it somehow? Over the years? What if…?”
Ryoka’s head was in her hands. It was so obvious in hindsight. She looked at the concentrated pile of it.
Silver. A lifetime’s supply of ingestion. She looked at Colfa.
“I know—I know it might hurt. But if you could touch it? Please?”
The woman hesitated. They had to know. She reached out and slowly touched the pile. It was black and smushed as her finger touched it, wet—
Colfa cried out. Ryoka saw her clutch at her finger. And the skin was raw, torn, bleeding from where she had pressed her finger forwards.
And that had been just a touch. Ryoka looked at the silver.
A gram of silver, spread across your entire body. It wouldn’t…kill you. Even if you were a Vampire. But it was poison in your very blood. And it wouldn’t ever leave you. Not without great magic. And even if you got rid of it…
“There’s silver on your land. That’s why Fierre’s in a coma. I did cure her. And she came back and—”
Where was it? Ryoka felt like she already knew. But all the pieces were falling together. She even had a thought. And here came Dawil and Ylawes.
“Sorry we’re late. The lad had to perform one of his rituals. But we’ve got water. Mind, it’s got a bit of silver in it. Not enough to make you sick. At least House Byres knows about that…”
The Dwarf hefted a huge bucket onto the table. He looked between Ryoka and Colfa. And Ylawes? He met Ryoka’s eyes, blankly at first. But then he saw her glance at Colfa.
“Something wrong?”
“No. Not at all…do you…?”
Do you do this often, Ylawes? Ryoka’s lips were numb. The [Knight] nodded slowly. Even an idiot wouldn’t have missed the way Colfa was looking at him. And Ylawes—was no idiot.
“This is an extraordinary household, Miss Colfa. Ryoka.”
He glanced at her irises. Brown. And then at Colfa’s. The [Knight] shifted. He was wearing his silver and steel armor. Colfa drew back slightly as he moved—almost coincidentally next to him.
“I—do not appreciate adventurers performing strange rituals in my home, Mister Ylawes.”
“Told you, lad. Ask first.”
Dawil grunted, cheerfully oblivious. Ylawes ducked his head. He studied Colfa.
“I’m terribly sorry, Miss Colfa. It’s a tradition among my House.”
