7.45
Page 41
The Silvers Swords rode onwards, each with their own thoughts. Ylawes, thinking of his friend, who used to, as a child, be so into investigations for his family’s foes. Falene tilting her head, thinking of Wistram, her home, Ryoka…a few other individuals.
Dawil fingered his axe and thought of Pelt, the disgrace. Also—what he was going to eat for lunch. But their suspicions and hunches were only a fraction of the truths unveiled today. For others—it was a far simpler conclusion.
 
—-
 
“We are dead. Silver runs in our veins.”
Himilt val Lischelle-Drakle stood in his family’s keep. Not the place where his line had originated. The Drakle family had moved from place to place, keeping out of sight. Hiding, hoping to live in peace.
But they had been dying, attacked by their enemies even in hiding. By what even their senses couldn’t detect.
Silver in the wells. Fierre was pale. She looked at her mother, her brother, Bamer, and her father. All afflicted by signs of a weakened immune system.
There was no panacea left. Ryoka wondered if eating charcoal would help. But it was part of them. And now—Fierre’s family was aware of what was killing them.
“Not a curse. House Byres. The Humans. Who came up with it?”
Bamer was muttering. Himilt was watching him. When he spoke, it was to Ryoka as well as his kin.
“Long ago, our kind ruled Izril. No people are innocent of crimes. Yet those committed by Vampires made even the other species of the world draw back in revulsion and horror. I have heard those stories.”
“So this is all just?”
Rivel shouted. Himilt looked at his son and shook his head. His eyes glowed faintly.
“Never. I would never have allowed it. I would have never remained here. Never—started a family if I knew this was our fate.”
He looked at Colfa. She reached for him.
“There is nothing to regret there. Just the enemies of our kind. And now we know.”
The farmer nodded. He looked around, at Bamer, Rivel, and Colfa. And it was to them he spoke, excluding Fierre.
“So we die. Our enemy triumphed by turning the land against us. In the days that come, we must decide what will happen next.”
“Father.”
Serafierre croaked. She looked smaller. Her pride as a Vampire run up against the magnitude of the hatred for her kind. The cunning. Himilt looked at her. He almost smiled. He looked at Fierre, and then Ryoka.
“One of us will live. A Human has saved her life and given her a future. Thank you, Miss Griffin. I will not forget this. Nor will our kind. You are a friend to Vampires. And perhaps—not for this generation but the next—perhaps there is hope.”
“Where? Where can we go?”
Bamer crouched, his face bitter. Himilt looked out the window.
“Where Byres did not wander. Where water comes from few wells. Perhaps not even Izril. We will have to decide. As a family—and as a people. It will be divisive. Many will want to retaliate. But this day we know the truth. For now…rest.”
He said that to Fierre and Ryoka. Both were recovering. Ryoka lay back down. Fierre went to bed. She was still dizzy—still sick from her near death experience. Colfa, going to check on her, heard her daughter muttering as she sipped from the purified water that her family would have to use from now on.
“Still hungry.”
“We’ll get you pure blood soon, Fierre. Ryoka’s agreed to help you. Rest.”
She had a future. Colfa held Fierre gently. The girl murmured, falling into sleep.
“Tasty. But. I’m still hungry. Ryoka doesn’t have it.”
She slept.
 
—-
 
Cures. Sickness. Family. The Vampire lived. Her family knew what ailed them.
