7.45
Page 23
“I—I’m sorry for shouting all that. I should have said it to begin with. But there was the banquet and there was never a good moment.”
Her mother smoothed her skirts.
“I think it was overdue. I wish it could have been more tactfully done, but I’m sure Ylawes will want to have one of his ‘one-on-one’ chats with his father in no uncertain terms either. He was quite unhappy in the letter he sent.”
“Ylawes was?”
The youngest Byres blinked. She had never heard Ylawes utter anything but praise for her father. Shallel nodded.
“He prefers to express his discontent privately. He’s very much like Yitton that way, Yvlon. Did you think they never argued?”
“I’ve never heard him do it once. Only Ysara—”
Yvlon fell silent, fidgeting with her arms. She ran her fingers over the metal flesh. Shallel sighed. She looked at Yvlon’s changed skin and shook her head.
“I was quite unhappy when I learned about it myself, Yvlon. I spoke to Yitton—but he’s as stubborn as any Byres. He’s had a few changes of opinion, but a [Necromancer] and one of the Antinium was too much for him. Wait. I think he’ll apologize to your team and we’ll see what happens next.”
Yvlon nodded. Her mother had always been the mediator of the family, especially when Ysara was still around. Yvlon rubbed at her arms again, and Shallel noticed.
“There’s a lot we haven’t had time to talk about, Yvlon. Or should I say, that you’ve been reluctant to bring up. Your arms for one.”
The young woman flinched.
“They’re fine. I didn’t want to worry you. That’s why I pretended nothing had happened.”
“Mhm. That’s quite believable.”
Shallel saw her daughter flush again. Yvlon hesitated, bit her lip, and then pointed at her arms.
“They don’t look—unnatural to you? They don’t bother you? Really?”
The [Lady] looked at Yvlon’s arms, inspecting the metallic, silvery gleam of them for a while. She met Yvlon’s eyes and shook her head slowly.
“You’re my daughter, Yvlon. Of course I was shocked. But they’re beautiful. Just like you. I was far more worried when I heard you’d been injured—possibly permanently. This is far better than what Ylawes described, I think. Do they disturb you?”
Yvlon hung her head. Her grievances with her father, the mixed feelings over returning home—and her arms. She spoke, looking around for her team. She hadn’t said this to them. But her mother—Yvlon looked up and nodded.
“I don’t feel Human, mother. I—I was crippled. This is better. But I feel like I’m part-Golem or something. I’m afraid. I feel like I was given my strength! I didn’t earn it—”
“Oh Yvlon. Come here.”
Shallel rose and went over to her daughter. She embraced Yvlon, closing her eyes so Yvlon wouldn’t see her unshed tears. It was Yvlon who needed reassurance.
Coming home was hard. Yvlon stared at the arms that appalled her so much, some nights she couldn’t sleep. She hadn’t told her team that.
 
—-
 
When the Horns of Hammerad returned, Yvlon was better. She and Shallel had spoken, frankly at last, and Yvlon felt calmer for it.
Yitton still hadn’t returned, but Yvlon was content to let him wait. She turned to her team.
“I have an idea. Why don’t we do the traditional Byres activities? Father can join us for the bread and some of the other things—but some of the rituals are things I’d normally do alone. Or with my team.”
Shallel nodded approvingly as Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr exchanged looks. The Antinium [Skirmisher] raised one tentative hand.
“What do these rituals consist of, Yvlon? Will our proficiency matter to the success?”
Yvlon smiled.
