7.45
Page 26
The Antinium was rocking back and forth, naked—but yet to put one foot in the hot springs.
“I am not afraid of water. Or being cooked alive in my own juices because I cannot regulate my internal body temperature. I am not afraid of water. Or—”
“Maybe just put one foot in the hot springs?”
Pisces suggested. Ksmvr nearly collapsed in relief. He paddled the water with his feet as he sat at the edge of the hot springs and he and Pisces just sat there in silence. Until Ksmvr asked a question.
“It seems Yvlon was quite reluctant to go home because of her family issues. Ceria has family issues. I am given to understand you have family issues.”
“It’s an endemic problem among non-Antinium, Ksmvr. Especially adventurers. We—and I am using the term generally here—don’t tend to get along with families of a more conservative lifestyle.”
Pisces sighed as he leaned back. He could get used to this. Ksmvr nodded a few times.
“Do you wish to visit your family like Ceria, Pisces? I would like to return to the Free Hive someday, but I am excommunicated.”
The [Necromancer] opened his eyes and sat up in the water. He looked at Ksmvr and hesitated.
“I’ve thought of it. Someday, perhaps. Returning home would be dangerous. But there is an allure to it. Still—Terandria is quite a ways away.”
Ksmvr nodded.
“But you wish to. Then I shall come with you when that day arrives. Even if I must cross…the ocean.”
He shuddered. Pisces smiled.
“That’s far in the future, Ksmvr, even if I should decide to do it.”
“All the more reason to plan ahead, Comrade Pisces.”
The [Necromancer] laughed.
“Well said, Friend Ksmvr!”
On the other side, Ceria and Yvlon wondered what was making the other two laugh. Ceria turned to Yvlon.
“This really is fun. I’m glad we came here, Yvlon. Despite family fighting and all.”
Yvlon nodded slowly. She was feeling better too. This was a good resting point. They hadn’t had many of them; Erin’s inn might count, but ‘restful’ and ‘Erin Solstice’ were a bit hard to reconcile as ideas.
“I think a few more days and we can leave without upsetting my parents. What comes after this? That dead village Pisces wants us to investigate?”
Ceria waved her skeletal hand in the air.
“Maybe. We’ll play it by ear. We’re new Gold-ranks. We have to make a name for ourselves! Let’s just relax. Then we’ll aim for Named Rank.”
Yvlon had to laugh. They’d been Silver-ranks for years and Gold-rank had been an all-consuming passion for them. Now? She relaxed.
“Onwards and upwards, right, Ceria?”
The half-Elf winked at her friend. She frowned at the hot water; her aura was making it lukewarm. She concentrated—and the bubbling resumed. Ceria submerged herself up to her neck.
“We’re adventurers. Let’s go kill something. Right after we do a few more traditional rituals. Is a massage traditional?”
“Not at all. Want me to try?”
Yvlon, eyes still closed, flexed one of her metal hands. The hand turned…spiky. Little metal barbs ready to cut apart anything Yvlon touched. Ceria eyed it.
“…Pass.”
 
—-
 
The sun was shining. The sheep were making happy sounds in the pastures.
Fierre was dying.
Ryoka Griffin sat there, head in her hands, hair spilling down around her face. She looked down at the list of everything Fierre had done, from when she had left Reizmelt and gone with Ryoka to the Archmage’s isle to now. Then she looked at her friend.
Fierre had stopped muttering and thrashing as the sun rose. The room was dark, devoid of sunlight obviously, with only a magical [Light] spell Ryoka had cast for illumination. Now, she just lay there.
