7.45
Page 25
Pisces frowned. He normally loved to have the answer to that, but he only vaguely recalled the answer. Yvlon shrugged.
“Eh. Some types of monsters are weak against silver. Shape changers, mostly. Ever heard of…Vampires?”
“Nope.”
“I have. Er—a bloodsucking monster in antiquity, weren’t they? Mostly based on Izril.”
Yvlon nodded.
“That’s right. And House Byres used to slay them. Since they’re dead—we’re no longer needed. Us and a few other houses keep up the traditions, though. I know all the other old slaying families—childhood friends. There’s the Artien House—actually, if we ever pass by, you should meet Delanay. He used to come over to play all the time and his family takes the old traditions even more seriously than father…anyways, here’s the first tradition. The tithe.”
She walked over to something at the far end of the room. It was a pedestal with a bowl under it before some great mural of battle. Pisces, squinting, saw figures on one side with hints of silver paint battling rather bestial figures on the others. He saw fangs, claws—then heard the clink of metal.
Yvlon had pulled out her money pouch. Now, she counted gold coins into the small bowl on the pedestal. She knelt there, then rose, looking embarrassed.
“I suppose father or mother will use it to have a replacement set made—or for repairs. Traditionally—those pledged to House Byres would come by and tithe some of their earnings. So there’s no point to—”
“Shush. Be respectful.”
Ksmvr came before Yvlon and solemnly put some coins in the pedestal. He copied Yvlon, kneeling before the old mural.
“Yes, Yvlon. You are quite ruining the solemnity of the moment.”
It was worth a gold coin to see Yvlon’s face. Even Ceria did the same. Yvlon smacked both their heads with her hand. Not Ksmvr. He was actually serious.
“Fine. If you want to donate to our house, be my guests. That’s the first tradition over with. Second—the cleansing rites.”
“What’s that about?”
Ceria sneezed; the armory was a bit dusty. Yvlon smiled.
“You’ll actually enjoy this. Come on.”
She led them to another spot in the keep. This time, towards a small bathing area. Pisces blinked. Ceria whistled.
“Silver baths?”
The basins of the outdoor tubs and small, natural hot spring were made of silver. They glowed even in the daytime. Yvlon smiled.
“We’re supposed to bathe here for an hour. Right after we arrive, actually.”
“But it’s midday. You mean we take a bath in the sun?”
Ceria squinted up. Yvlon nodded.
“Yep. That’s part of the ritual. Oh—and you have to be naked.”
Pisces looked up. Ceria stared at him and then at Yvlon. The woman coughed.
“In separate areas, Pisces. You go over there.”
“Ah.”
Alas.
That was how they found themselves sitting in the bubbling water, relaxing in the sun. Ceria and Yvlon on one side, Pisces and Ksmvr on the other, blocked by a dividing wall.
“You have ancestral hot springs. In a silver basin.”
Ceria poked at the waters. There was nothing special about them, unlike some magical hot springs she’d heard of, but it was a beautiful place. Yvlon relaxed, her arms shining in the sun along with the rest of the metal that made up this place.
“I used to think everyone had baths like this. A lot of the people in House Byres have silver bathtubs, you know. Heirlooms.”
“Your land is so weird. And obsessed with silver.”
“Tell me about it.”
On the other side of the baths, Pisces was relaxing. Only a bit disappointed by the fact that he was alone. He cracked one eye open as he sighed in the hot waters.
“Ksmvr? You really needn’t get in…”
