7.45
Page 30
Something about the way he said that made Ryoka hesitate. A little light bulb flicked on in her head.
Who had said it? Not the Archmage. The Djinni.
Karsaeu. She had said…Ryoka closed her eyes.
“Royal blood! I could—get some?”
Her eyes snapped open. Himilt blinked.
“What?”
How far was Riverfarm? No—The Wandering Inn. Did Laken even count? Ryoka whirled back to Fierre.
“Royal blood. Could it—could it bring a Vampire back? Someone—the Djinni—she said that she’d kill Fierre so dead that not even royal blood would bring her back. Does that mean it could revive her?”
The older Vampire blinked. Then—he shook his head. Ryoka’s face fell.
“I don’t know how old this Djinni is. But she’s only half-right. Death is not so easily reversed. The blood of royalty—changes us. But it cannot bring back the dead alone.”
Ryoka deflated.
“Oh. Then—what will you do?”
Fierre’s father sat there, stroking his daughter’s hand. He looked down at her with a soft look in his eyes.
“Its easy. If something is killing her—she only needs to grow stronger.”
It took Ryoka only a second to understand why he said it like that. She slowly rose and looked at Himilt’s back. He didn’t turn towards her.
“What—what do you mean by that, Himilt?”
He shook his head slowly.
“Ryoka Griffin, you have no idea what Vampires are. You know the stories. But not the truth. You didn’t make her a true Vampire. You just cured her of her sickness, the same sickness that took away our true power. But strength is sacrifice. If she is a true Vampire—she can grow stronger the one way I know.”
Ryoka should have felt afraid for herself. But she wasn’t. The look Colfa had given Himilt. The way he was acting. The silence from Rivel and Bamer…she whispered her conclusion.
“She has to drink other Vampire’s blood?”
His silence was everything. Ryoka was right, about this, at least. She gulped.
“Fierre said—she told me once she used to have more siblings. But they died. Does that mean…?”
Himilt spun. His fangs were visible as he snapped.
“No. Do you think we fed them to each other? No. It would have done nothing. Vampires as sick as we cannot take each other’s strength. But Fierre. If she is better…”
He fell silent again. Ryoka breathed once more. But then she saw Himilt’s certainty. He believed Ryoka. Colfa didn’t and neither did Bamer, not quite. But Himilt believed Fierre was better. He was going to…
The father looked up at Ryoka. His eyes were red and tired. He shook his head slowly as he sat by Fierre.
“You know so much, when even our foes have forgotten most of what we were. Who are you, stranger? Why did you bring death upon my family?”
The words hit her like an avalanche. Ryoka Griffin stumbled backwards. She saw Mihaela Godfrey looking at her. Krshia. Mrsha—
She had tried to help. Ryoka turned and fled.
 
—-
 
“Ryoka?”
The young woman was panting outside, in the sun. Ylawes was exhausted. But he saw her fleeing Fierre’s room, white-faced. Now—Ryoka stood there.
“What—why do they always die?”
She looked up at him. The [Knight] hesitated.
“You can’t blame yourself, Miss Ryoka.”
“I can. Fierre was fine until I tried to help her. I—what am I missing. What happened?”
Ylawes looked around helplessly.
“It’s some kind of magical sickness, as far as I understand it, correct?”
Ryoka didn’t bother correcting him. Ylawes ran a hand through his fair hair.
“It had to have come from Archmage Valeterisa’s isle. I’ve heard stories about her. She—experiments. Salamani went through everything that could have hurt Fierre. But it has to have been something that occurred when he wasn’t with you.”
