7.45
Page 1
Four Vampires stood in Fierre’s room, over their stricken kin. They looked at Ryoka.
“We brought the medicine, Colfa. Herbs, iceweed—potions. Where do you want them?”
“Put them here. I need to mix them.”
Colfa answered distantly. She was waiting. They all were. Ryoka coughed, gulped. And spoke as she looked at her friend.
“I thought—I thought I cured her. Made her better. Cured her of whatever was making her sick, I mean. I gave her a panacea.”
“A what?”
Rivel snorted. Fierre’s older brother glared suspiciously at Ryoka. Bamer just shook his head. He was old—not related to Fierre. Someone who lived with Himilt, Colfa, Rivel, and Fierre and worked their farm.
“There is no cure. You gave her poison.”
“No! I’m sure it was—she was healthy the last few days! She took the medicine two—three days ago and she was fine. It made her stronger, faster. She said she felt better than she ever had in her life. She was more allergic to garlic though. And the sun nearly killed her—”
The Vampires in the room exchanged a quick glance. Himilt stirred.
“She mentioned that. She tossed you across the field, Rivel. She wasn’t that strong before.”
“Impossible. She was just a bit stronger.”
Fierre’s brother scoffed, but he looked conflicted. Himilt shook his head. He looked at Bamer, then Ryoka.
“She was telling us she fought Golems in this—island she went to. With her bare hands.”
“She did. She was so much better. And her cough disappeared. I thought…what happened?”
Colfa took a few deep breaths as she went to check on Fierre’s temperature. She looked up at Ryoka, her fury abated—at least for the moment.
“Fierre came just before dawn. She said you had given her some strange medicine and she’d been—cured. Of her sickness. She ran about and she was better! We were all astonished. She told us what had happened, some of it, said she’d taken your blood by accident, ate and drank with us, and then—felt poorly.”
“When?”
Colfa looked at her husband. Himilt scratched at his neck.
“Barely midday. She thought it was exhaustion at first, or the sunlight—it did burn her far worse than us when she was careless. She lay down—when I went to check on her an hour later, she was warm. She got worse and worse until Colfa went to find you.”
The young woman listened, trying to make sense of it all. Bamer scratched at his chin. His eyes flicked to Ryoka again.
“I didn’t believe it. A cure for Vampires? That’s the stuff of stories. I thought she’d just had a strength potion or something that made her feel better.”
“No. It was real. I’m sure of it. I—the person who gave it to me wouldn’t have lied. And he was one of the few people who’d have a cure-all.”
“Who? What was it? Tell us—”
Again, Himilt put a hand out.
“Colfa. Whatever the case, Miss Griffin, Fierre is ill. Do you have more of whatever you gave her? Do you know what ails her?”
“I don’t. She drank it all. Can I—can I touch her?”
Himilt nodded. The others stood back. Ryoka bent over Fierre.
“Fierre? Are you awake? Can you hear me? What happened?”
A groan was her only answer. Fierre’s eyes were open, and sweat beaded her forehead. She looked—Human. She even felt warm to the touch—just a normal person’s body head. But for a Vampire…
“Did she do anything strange? Did she eat or drink anything out of the ordinary?”
Ryoka looked at Fierre’s family. They all shook their heads.
“She did nothing out of the ordinary. We thought it had to be something that had happened on her trip.”
“Maybe…but what?”
