7.45
Page 37
“The well is poisoned. The groundwater is laced with silver. That means everything that comes from it—”
She heard a moan. And Ryoka felt it.
Look at how they killed them. With poison in the water, the ground.
How clever. House Byres had won. They had won in such an easy way. Not with grand [Knights] and armies. Just—a tradition. A bit of silver here, there.
Poison in the wells.
Nothing was safe. Nothing. Water—crops grown? Everything and everyone in Izril, perhaps. Everywhere the wells had been seeded. Ryoka looked around.
“The blood. Your sheep drink from those wells. Your food as well. Fierre needs—”
She trailed off. Ryoka started again, piecing it all together.
“It must—she must have drunk blood from your animals. And the party—she washed herself with water from your wells. You put ice on her forehead. The tinctures were made with water. Everything you have. Your crops, your animals—all of it comes from the water here.”
Colfa made a sound. She looked around, eyes wide. The rash running down her arm…that’s why they were sick. It wasn’t a disease. Heavy metals in their blood, making them weaker. That’s why they had such short lifespans. Thyroid cancer…
“What is safe?”
Ryoka felt Colfa shaking her. She inhaled slowly.
“River water. They couldn’t poison that the same way…if they went upriver—no, it’d be safer. Ocean water…rainwater! Anywhere House Byres wouldn’t have access to! We have to wash Fierre—she’s got silver on her skin!”
“River water. There’s a river near here. Rivel. Get water. Run.”
The young Vampire vanished, running for a bucket and umbrella. Bamer kicked over the water that Ylawes and Dawil had drawn with an oath.
“I’ll kill them. We’ll call every family and end House Byres once and for all—”
“Bamer. Enough. Fierre is what matters.”
Himilt stopped the old Vampire. He looked at Ryoka, then around. At his wife, his son, who had paused for a moment at Bamer’s words. Himilt spoke slowly. Deliberately, as his hands healed.
“Fierre is what matters. We—we are all dead.”
The five moved into action. Ryoka shook Salamani awake. The slumbering Courier blinked at her.
“Distilled water?”
“For a potion! Get it from the [Alchemist], please? As much as you can?”
“On it!”
He leapt up. Ryoka turned to Colfa.
“Even afterwards…you’ll need to drink.”
“Our crops. The sheep…it’s too late for us.”
The mother nearly sat down. Then she rose again. Rivel was back with a bucket filled with water.
“I washed it in the river. But are you sure it’s…?”
He held the bucket away from him. Ryoka didn’t know.
“I think your home has a higher concentration of silver in the wells. Wells…it’s just collecting there over time. A river would have far less, if the Byres’ even do it. The best thing would be to desalinate ocean water or collect rainwater. We could build a solar still or use magic…fuck, let’s just boil this and collect the steam!”
She had the Vampires boil the water into steam and collect the drops of water. That was obvious! Now—Ryoka was thinking. She went to Colfa.
“Wash Fierre from head to toe. Don’t use soap—wait. I might have something from Liscor. I doubt House Byres ever got down there. Use no products made in the north! Here—”
She handed the woman a half-used bar of soap she’d bought in Liscor. Ryoka was going down the list. Not toothpaste, not potions…
“Is there time for Fierre?”
Ryoka turned to Himilt.
