7.45
Page 11
The half-Elf was very nimble in the trees, having grown up in a forest herself. She landed next to Pisces. The descendant of apes had stayed put, thank-you-very-much. He slapped her hand down as she reached for some walnuts.
“Hey! As your captain, I order you to give me your walnuts, Pisces.”
The [Cryomancer] glared at Pisces. He edged away from her radiating cold.
“I respectfully decline.”
“I will give you my walnuts, Captain—I mean, Friend Ceria. And I will give you one egg for some ice cubes. I wish to crunch them.”
“Ooh! An egg! Sure thing, Ksmvr. How’s being a member of the landed gentry treating you?”
The [Skirmisher] stood tall, regarding his tree.
“The burdens weigh heavily, Captain Ceria. I have been plagued by fears of beavers, termites, and other calamities striking my tree last night. Yet I find the rewards to be fruitful. Here is your egg. Thank you for the ice.”
He happily crunched some of the ice cubes Ceria made out of water from her flask in his mandibles. Ceria took the egg, sniffed it, then cracked it and tilted her mouth. She ate the egg raw and saw Pisces grimace.
“What? You’re afraid of raw egg?”
“After the last time we got sick? Yes. And that’s a raw egg, Ceria. Haven’t you heard of frying your food?”
The half-Elf shrugged, licking her fingers. She chewed for a second before replying.
“I used to live in a forest. I ate bugs and raw eggs when I needed food. Er…Ksmvr, I don’t mind, but you know these aren’t cooking eggs? There’s birds in them.”
Pisces turned pale. He shoved the egg back towards Ksmvr, who tilted his head sideways.
“I rather thought the added meat was the increase in value, Ceria. Do you not want your egg, Pisces?”
“No! And here I thought half-Elves were civilized. May we go? I haven’t had breakfast yet.”
Pisces grumbled. Ceria shrugged. They had trooped out here this morning at Ksmvr’s insistence, to check on his personal tree. Now they walked back towards the Byres estates.
“I have a tree! I must exploit it somehow. I wonder if the sap is edible? Perhaps I can entice more birds to settle there. In exchange for the eggs.”
“But Ksmvr, if you eat the eggs, the birds can’t reproduce.”
The Antinium went still. Then he grabbed the two remaining eggs.
“I must return these to the nest! Excuse me! I should not eat my tenants!”
He raced back towards the tree. Ceria looked guilty as Pisces snorted. They saw the Antinium bounding upwards.
“He’s having so much fun with that tree. Don’t you dare tell him the contract’s invalid. Yvlon signed it anyways and her parents don’t care.”
“I just wanted to tell Ksmvr because a [Woodcutter] might fell it quite accidentally.”
“Well—we can ask Yvlon to have it marked or something! Look how happy it makes him!”
The two waved at Ksmvr, who was loudly remitting the unborn offspring back into the custody of the bird. He was…like a kid.
Ksmvr could be quite serious and pragmatic, but when he acted like this, you remembered that he was two—perhaps three—Ksmvr forgot when he was born.
The three Horns of Hammerad strolled back to the small keep surrounded by the moat. House Byres, an old, reduced family who were known for silver and their code of honor. It was something, even if it was a small noble house. After all, all three had adventured with Yvlon for a while and she talked about her heritage seldom.
“So…how hilarious do you think breakfast is going to be? Scale of one to ten?”
“Numbers fail to express the hilarity to me.”
Pisces smiled. He strode along, relaxed. Ceria was just as calm as she swung her skeletal hand up to scratch at her head.
