7.45
Page 28
“We had some wine. Fierre was thirsty—the magical food didn’t fill her up, so she had wine and water. Then she took a bath to wash the grime of the road away. She went out with the animals—fought Rivel—”
“Did he injure her?”
Himilt shook his head.
“She threw him across the field. That was when we started to believe. Bamer had us all listening to stories. Colfa was making food for lunch—”
“Food?”
“Blood sausage.”
“Oh. And then?”
“Fierre went back to her room, feeling unwell. She lay down—and that’s when she began feeling sick. We thought it was exhaustion so we gave her a stamina potion. Then—a tiny bit of healing potion. But it neither made her better or worse.”
“If it was an infection—”
“We don’t get infections!”
Colfa hissed at Ryoka, baring her teeth. Ryoka flinched. She looked at the woman’s arm.
“But your rash—”
“It’s not from an injury. It’s just…”
The woman trailed off. She looked at Himilt and he spoke. It was the same grim conclusion that Bamer had already come to, that Fierre’s parents believed to be the root of the cause.
“The malady.”
Ryoka lowered the notepad. She thought there was something…something she had forgotten. But she needed to know.
“Look. We tested the wine. Rivel’s dead drunk. We tried the blood—”
Bamer had done that. He was full, but completely fine. And everything else couldn’t be tested, except through Ryoka and Salamani who had done exactly what Fierre had in the Unmarked Carriage. Ryoka clenched one hand.
“Tell me about the—the curse afflicting Vampires, please.”
Himilt and Colfa looked at each other slowly. Colfa rose.
“I’m going to see to the…guests. Himilt, tell Ryoka. If Fierre becomes worse—tell me.”
A look flashed between them, so fast Ryoka didn’t understand. But she felt it.
Colfa left the room, to inquire after the only other non-Vampires here. The Silver Swords. They had come back empty-handed with Salamani, and were now dozing. Himilt walked over and sat at Fierre’s bedside.
Ryoka approached Fierre from the other side. She reached out for her friend, felt at her head. Fierre was now warmer than the average Human should be. For a Vampire that was a fever of…Ryoka felt her stomach twisting.
She wasn’t going to die. You didn’t die after being cured! Not on a day like this. Ryoka was going to find the solution. She was going to…
Why hadn’t she found it yet? Ryoka fumbled for a stamina potion, gulped it down. But it could only give her energy, not solve her lack of sleep, her panicking mind.
“What’s the malady, Himilt?”
The father sat there, head bowed. His eyes flickered up to Ryoka and down to his daughter. When he replied, it was in a low voice.
“These are Vampire secrets, Ryoka Griffin.”
“I know, but—”
The eyes moved upwards. Ryoka felt a shock run through her. Colfa had eyes that could mesmerize. Himilt’s held her for a moment, with nothing but force of will.
“For Fierre, I will tell you all our secrets. But what happens next, Ryoka Griffin—for good or ill—will never leave this land. You have brought one of House Byres here. One of our greatest enemies. I am warning you only once. We may resort to—desperation—for Fierre. If he uncovers our secret, he and his entire team will never leave. You will need to keep him away.”
Ryoka gulped. The idea of a farmer killing an entire Gold-rank team and perhaps Salamani as well was ludicrous. Himilt though…four Vampires?
“I’ll do what it takes.”
Himilt only nodded.
