7.45
Page 4
Tyrion failed to take notice of her expression at first.
“Inform them I’ll meet whoever it is later. My horse—”
“Lord Veltras. You should meet with this person. She—she claims to be an [Assassin] from the Assassin’s Guild.”
The Lord of House Veltras spun. He reached for his sword and his mind flashed to an obvious connection. He snarled—until Jericha spoke again.
“Milord Tyrion. Forgive me. But…ten minutes before she arrived—Lord Hethon fell ill. He claimed it was a stomachache. I went to secure him after the woman arrived. He isn’t responding.”
Tyrion’s hand found his sword’s hilt as a cold certainty gripped him. He looked at Jericha, and her face.
“The [Healer]. Where is the [Assassin]?”
She told him. Then she yanked the door open to Sammial’s room. Tyrion walked through the halls of his keep.
His sword was drawn. Ullim, running to find him, saw the Lord of House Veltras walking past servants, guards—with one intent.
The [Assassin] was sitting in the first guest room, calm as you please. She looked up as Tyrion burst through the doors. He pointed his sword at her.
“What have you done?”
This hired killer did not come with any disguise or pretense. Ironically—that meant she wore a mask. It was painted a dark green, with only a single rose in the center, and two slits for eyes. She sat in dark clothing, fiddling with a dagger.
“Lord Tyrion Veltras. The Circle of Thorns is displeased.”
That was all the woman said. She did not rise, or flinch as Tyrion drew back his blade. The words came curtly from Tyrion’s mouth.
“What poison did you use? Where is the cure? Answer me, or you die this second.”
The masked face turned towards him. This [Assassin]’s voice was cool.
“I do not have the cure for the poison I gave your sons. Both of them, I might add. And if you kill me—one of them dies.”
The [Lord]’s arm tensed. It would be so easy to bring it down. So—he forced the blade away, grabbed for a ring.
“You lie.”
“I do not. I poisoned your sons. They will die without the cure. I do not have the cure. And the Circle will exact vengeance if my blood is spilled, or a single hair on my head is harmed.”
Each sentence the woman pronounced made her outline glow true in Tyrion’s vision. He hesitated.
“You know the poison.”
Her mask tilted the other way.
“If you are thinking of having me tortured, Lord Veltras, go ahead. Do you think my employers tell me the nature of the tools I use?”
That was neither lie nor truth. She might know. But—Tyrion hesitated.
If it was someone other than Sammial or Hethon, he might have taken her bet. But his sons. He had promised to keep them safe.
“What have you done? Does your Circle want to die that badly? If my sons die, I will raze your Guild—”
“Sheathe your sword, Lord Veltras. And sit down.”
The woman just stared at him. The [Lord]’s knuckles whitened on his sword hilt. After a moment, he made up his mind. He slammed the sword into its sheathe.
“Tell me why you came.”
“Sit down.”
She didn’t move. Tyrion’s jaw tightened with a creak.
“Lord Veltras?”
Ullim and Jericha had returned. Both were armed. Tyrion looked over his shoulder.
“Ullim. Secure Hethon and Sammial. Post every guard you have. Scour the keep for more intruders! Anyone you suspect—check their identities!”
“The [Healer]—”
“Do it!”
Ullim hurried away. Jericha didn’t leave. She had a wand and sword in hand. She looked at the [Assassin].
“Your servant may remain, Lord Veltras. Sit. Down.”
The [Assassin] didn’t care about Jericha. She just waited until the [Lord] sat. He stared at her, but even if looks could kill—she had warned him.
