7.45
Page 19
“Well, I will accept your apology of course, but I rather feel as though I had the better deal of it. My father made it easy to ignore his condemnation. Your parents set the bar of Yvlon Byres’ accomplishments so high it was practically out of reach for the girl herself. That you touched it is worthy of praise.”
Yvlon blinked and eyed Pisces. Her lips quirked.
“Worthy of praise. Thanks.”
The [Necromancer] turned his head away, feeling the slightest of blushes and fighting it.
“You should find Ceria or Ksmvr to utter such praise. Or that [Storyteller], of course.”
“Naturally.”
Funnily, they understood each other fairly well these days, Yvlon and Pisces. Each of the Horns of Hammerad had their own relationship to each other. Yvlon and Ksmvr’s was as deep as Ceria’s and Pisces’ for instance, but the other connections had unexpected harmony at times. Yvlon looked ahead.
“Tell me more about undead, Pisces. You keep complaining that undead could make House Byres better. How?”
Pisces nearly tripped over a stone. He looked at Yvlon.
“You want me to expound on the undead? Here?”
She gave him a calm look.
“My father’s anti-undead. I’m not. My views on necromancy are different. Remember who fixed up my arms? You keep telling us about Khelt, which uses undead. What—would you make them mine silver or something?”
The [Necromancer] scratched at his messy hair.
“Well, silver is a rare problem. The metal would affect the spells, but I was uh, being more hyperbolic in my ire than anything. The truth is that I’ve seen undead employed as laborers and it isn’t a flawless solution. It would take some work to implement, actually. Previous iterations have failed.”
The [Armsmistress] looked sidelong at her friend.
“Really? Do tell.”
There was no help for it. Pisces sighed. They knew his last name, anyways. Pisces Jealnet, son of nobody famous in particular. He coughed into his sleeve, going back, deciding what to tell and what was still too personal.
“It’s nothing special. You know some of it already. I belonged to a…cabal in Terandria. While I was growing, before I left for Wistram. They were a group of [Necromancers]—and a few other irregulars with similar interests. They taught me necromancy. I ran away from home to join them. I don’t know—I doubt if they are still extant. I have never inquired. Some members may remain.”
“Mhm. And?”
Pisces scratched at his head. She didn’t even blink at him having been part of a [Necromancer] cult in Terandria. He almost missed the outrage and shock of the old days.
“We lived in hiding, learning, teaching each other, experimenting. And, well, among other things, we ran a—a sort of commune, you might say. And we even had a farm.”
Yvlon stopped again.
“You. Had a farm. Run by undead?”
She was trying not to laugh. Pisces folded his arms sullenly.
“Is it hard to imagine? Of course, we were emulating Khelt. And Az’kerash, who had created similar places in Terandria before he was reviled. Ours was quite small; only a few hundred undead at most. Undead tilled the fields, performed menial chores, even mined and cut wood. It was an experiment.”
“It sounds like it failed. What was the cause?”
“Er…”
“Wait, let me guess. Infighting? Undead going rampant? No—creating stronger undead by all the death magic?”
She had been listening to his lectures to Ksmvr! Pisces smiled. Then he was embarrassed again.
“Er…wild dogs.”
The blonde-haired woman just stared. Pisces threw up his hands.
