7.45
Page 22
“They’ve seen worse! I don’t need to be perfect around them! And I’m not Ylawes, father! I’m starting to think Ysara was right! No wonder she left!”
The [Lord] stood abruptly. He strode from the room without another word.
“Yitton!”
Shallel got to her feet. She gave Yvlon a look with so many layers Pisces had to catalogue them and then hurried after Yitton.
Yvlon stayed where she was. Pisces saw her pale face turn red in the silence that followed. He chewed on a walnut. As family arguments went—that went right up with his altercations with his father. But he didn’t say that.
“—I think it’s time to go. Sorry you all had to see that.”
The [Armsmistress] muttered. She looked around at her team. She turned.
“Let me grab my things. We’ll just go and—”
“Don’t be silly. You can’t leave now!”
Ceria barred her way. The [Cryomancer] looked just as embarrassed at having Yvlon air her grievances in her presence, but she was firm.
“You can’t just run off. You will regret it, Yvlon. Take it from me.”
The woman looked down at the half-Elf. Ceria pointed towards where Yvlon’s parents had gone.
“You’ll regret it if you don’t talk to them.”
“You—er—you’re speaking from experience?”
Yvlon looked around, ears still red. Pisces shrugged. He’d been quite glad to walk away from his family, but Ceria had a different perspective. She nodded as she tried to turn Yvlon around.
“I ran off after shouting at my parents. I regret that. My parents are still alive…but I wonder if they remember I’m gone.”
“Remember you’re gone?”
The woman was sufficiently distracted by that to abandon her flight. Ceria nodded. She and Ksmvr tugged Yvlon back to the dining table and got her to sit down. Ceria smiled.
“Half-Elf village. Removed from time. They could be doing the same routine and still setting the table expecting me to come in. I’m from the Village of the Spring. Hence the name. Springwalker? There’s Springwaters, Everspring—half-Elves have stupid naming conventions. I…the last time I was there I stormed out and I was kicked out of the village a day later. I never got to say goodbye. You don’t want that.”
“I—I’m sorry, Pisces, Ksmvr. I only meant to get my father to stop insulting you. The rest of that…”
“Why don’t we go for a little walk again? You can speak with your parents in peace.”
Pisces spoke up at last. Yvlon gave him a grateful look and nodded. Pisces put away his snack and motioned with his head. The other two Horns followed him out.
Yvlon sat there, embarrassed, restless, guilty—looking at the cracked dining room table. It would need a [Repair] spell; hopefully the old wood could be fixed with magic. Sometimes, if the damage was too great or the material too advanced, the spell failed…
“Yvlon? Oh, thank goodness. You’re still here. I feared you’d run off like you used to.”
Shallel returned a few minutes later. Yvlon jumped and then colored again. Her mother had returned. The [Lady] walked back towards the table and regarded the damage.
“Sorry. I didn’t realize I’d hit it so hard.”
“Tables are tables, Yvlon. We’ll have a [Mage] come and look at it. Or the [Carpenter]. Old Della is still working.”
“Uh huh. Maybe she can make a brace or something.”
Shallel nodded. She looked at Yvlon and then cleared her throat as she sat back down.
“Your father’s gone for a walk. I think when he returns you’ll both be calm enough to talk.”
Yvlon started. She wondered if Yitton’s walk would have him run into her team. Either way…she nodded and sat there.
