7.45
Page 40
Falene nodded. She’d been caught up on what had occurred and she was looking just as dubious. Ylawes shook his head. His cheeks were still flushed.
“I—thought that—it was just a hunch. I feel like a complete fool, Dawil. But that family…tell me. Have you ever heard of the legend of Vampires?”
The half-Elf’s ears perked up. Dawil frowned and shook his head.
“Never. What’re they?”
“An old foe. My family used to fight them. They used to rule Izril. They looked just like us. But they had pointed teeth, they drank blood…they were monsters in disguise. There were signs. Reddish pupils, pale skin, fangs, and they feared sunlight and silver.”
Dawil half-twisted in his saddle.
“You’re pulling my leg, Byres. That’s got to be the dumbest thing…red pupils? I know half a dozen [Mages] who have weird colors in their eyes.”
“I know. But the way they were acting…I was almost certain. Ryoka cut her wrist—apparently—and that mother…”
The [Knight] sighed. Falene tapped her lips.
“What proved they weren’t?”
“Himilt. He shook my hand.”
Ylawes regarded his gauntlets. Dawil raised his brows.
“These Vampires allergic to common courtesy or something?”
“No, it’s my armor. Silver and steel alloy. A Vampire shouldn’t have even been able to touch me according to the stories. And they are just stories these days. I’ve embarrassed us. I hope Ryoka calls on us if she needs help.”
The young man turned ahead, shaking his head. Dawil glanced back at the Lischelle-Drakle farm in the distance.
“If it wasn’t a story, let’s say. How’d you feel about a girl with sick parents being these blood-folk?”
Ylawes looked blank.
“Vampires were evil monsters without conscience or remorse. They hid among us, pretending to their emotions. So no. I don’t believe that would apply here, Dawil. These are just…good folk. A bit odd, but…”
He fell silent. The seed of suspicion was there. Ylawes hesitated.
“Falene. Can you…send me a [Message]?”
“Of course. To whom?”
The [Knight] hesitated. He’d investigated. But there was someone who knew more than he did, or his father.
“Delanay d’Artien. He’s a childhood friend. Just…ask him to get in touch with me.”
Dawil glanced up sharply. But Ylawes said nothing more. Falene nodded. After a moment, the [Axe Champion] cleared his throat.
“Just don’t do anything you’d regret, Ylawes. They seemed like good folk. And we’re adventurers, not busybodies. Ever onwards. Are we done with Reizmelt and Ryoka Griffin?”
Ylawes started from his thoughts. He nodded slowly, looking at his team.
“Let’s stay a few days to make sure Miss Fierre is well and to see about the artifacts. Maybe we could even go towards Invrisil and see this Master Pelt, Dawil. If he’s that skilled…”
“So we came all the way here just to turn around? Fine by me.”
The Dwarf snorted. Ylawes just shrugged. They didn’t have a set destination. That was the Silver Sword’s way. It was Falene who interrupted.
“If we don’t have pressing business, Ylawes, I have a petition.”
“Go on, Falene.”
The [Battlemage] tapped a finger against her lips as she adjusted her fixed spectacles. What a curious contraption Ryoka Griffin had made. So quickly, too. A ‘microscope’. Falene prided herself on her lexicon of knowledge. And she had never heard that word…she spoke to her team.
“I think we should pay a visit to Wistram Academy. All of us. Something of significance has occurred there and only by going in person will we know the truth. No one, not even my friends, will tell me what has occurred.”
“Wistram? That’s a boat voyage.”
“Consider it. We could at least head towards a port.”
“Of course, Falene.”
