7.45
Page 34
The Horns of Hammerad were still doing traditional Byres activities. Ceria kept sounding out the word; it wasn’t one she was familiar with. Yvlon nodded.
“It’s a rare word. But that’s what we call it.”
“And why an offering of silver?”
Pisces had helped place the nuggets of silver on the little dais. He looked quizzically at Yvlon. She scratched at her head, smiling a bit.
“That was for the Silver Dragon, Yderigrisel. If you can believe it.”
The Horns smacked into each other as they all stopped.
“The what?”
Ceria stared back at the overgrown shrine. Yvlon shrugged.
“It’s an ancient pact. Tradition at this point. House Byres used to be friends with a Dragon. But it died millennia ago. There’s a ‘legend’ that says Yderigrisel will come back in our hour of need. But uh—it won’t.”
“Why are you so certain? This is amazing!”
Ceria was astounded. Yvlon smiled sadly. She shook her head.
“We’re certain because it came back already. During the Creler wars. Yderigrisel came back to fight the Crelers—and died. The greatest tragedy of House Byres.”
“Oh.”
The others fell silent, digesting this. Ksmvr opened and closed his mandibles, wondering if he should bring up other, living Dragons. Or at least, one. But he felt that was rude to the memory of this one.
The others walked on as Yvlon led them forwards. Ceria shook her head. Their day had been all these traditions, most of which had been, as Yvlon put it, mildly entertaining.
“You have so much history. Half-Elf villages are older than most Human lineages, even some kingdoms. But we do the same thing for thousands of years. I used to live in a cottage over two thousand years old, you know. It kept being repaired and the wood regrown.”
“Why the past tense?”
Pisces kept glancing back at the silver. If the Dragon was dead…he had a project for a silver skeleton in mind. Ceria flushed.
“I uh, burned it down when I started learning magic. It was one of the reasons I got kicked out of my village. But let’s not talk about that. What’s next, Yvlon?”
“Uh…just one or two more things. Let’s see. Follow me.”
Yvlon led her team forwards. Towards the keep. And a small structure.
 
—-
 
“What’re you doing, lad? More of your old family’s rituals? This isn’t the time.”
“It’s good luck, Dawil. Here—let’s get the water.”
The son of House Byres paused next to the well and fumbled for his bag of holding. Dawil frowned.
“Oh, you were doing that in Reizmelt. That…what do you call it again?”
“I’ve done this at least fifty times, Dawil. Try to remember. It’s called—”
 
—-
 
“Well seeding. It won’t take long. Father and Ylawes do it all the time—Ylawes even does it when he goes around Izril. It’s all ceremony, old ties with the cities and all that.”
Yvlon had a small bag in her hand. She had to borrow it from the keep. Pisces peered at it.
“What is that?”
“Silver dust. You toss a bit into each well. A tiny bit.”
Yvlon stopped Pisces.
“Too much is bad. Turns your skin blue-grey. My great aunt died of it. We know all about silver poisoning. Just a tiny bit. You do it at every well you come to.”
“Why?”
Ceria scratched at her head. Yvlon gave her a blank shrug.
“Tradition. It’s supposed to bring good luck, ward the land, and so on. I guess it’d scare away some monsters. Not Crelers, but…okay, we’re done. Who wants snacks?”
They walked off. Pisces felt like the moment had been significant for some reason.
“I have never heard of this tradition, Yvlon. How long has your family been doing it?”
