7.45
Page 18
Ceria waved at Pisces and Yvlon, mouthing silently. She didn’t say anything specific, but it was more of a ‘I’ll go with him to make sure no one else freaks out or he doesn’t scare someone and have them attack him’, kind of thing. Pisces and Yvlon nodded as Ksmvr and Ceria ran off, babbling about bark or something inane.
“Well?”
The [Necromancer] turned to Yvlon as they strolled along. She grimaced.
“…If I complain, do you promise not to repeat what I said in front of my family?”
“Yvlon, Yvlon. I mock you, but I don’t reveal secrets.”
Pisces tsked, hurt. Yvlon rolled her eyes, but she relaxed a bit.
“Then—what do you think of my family?”
“To quote Ksmvr, they are ‘nice’. Quite proud parents. Very proud. One might say excessively so.”
The blonde-haired woman’s face said it all. Yvlon rubbed at the place where her metal shoulder merged with her skin.
“—If you tell them, or Ylawes, I’ll break your fingers. But I hate it here. You saw that collection of my ‘achievements’? They’ve always been like this. Me, Ysara, Ylawes—they’re so proud. Which is good. I was so happy—until I realized I didn’t deserve it. That Mothbear? Ysara killed an Ogre Chieftain and five Ogres in battle when she was my age. Ylawes fought a Griffin and beat it by himself to save a [Farmer].”
“Achievement isn’t an objective thing.”
Yvlon stopped walking and looked at Pisces.
“You’re telling me that, Pisces? You?”
His lips twisted.
“Very well. Say rather you stood in the shadow of two quite talented older siblings. That isn’t unusual.”
Yvlon ran a hand through her bright hair.
“I know. I know—but it’s been like this all my life. I lived in Ysara’s shadow, and then Ylawes’. His Silver Swords—I copied him, but I was never half as accomplished as he was. And my parents doted on both of us. I felt like I earned nothing properly—especially because I was always Lady Yvlon around here.”
She gestured at her chest, as if she wore the armor she was normally never without. At home she wore just an ordinary set of clothing and looked much smaller without.
“I got my armor and weapons from my family—even for my entire team! So I went south to Celum to actually achieve something. And you know what happened next.”
Pisces nodded. He had seen the covered image near the end of Yvlon’s gallery that Shallel had carefully not brought up. The original Silver Spears. Yvlon had spent a while there when she’d first returned home.
“Well, as you said, family is complicated. I find it all amusing of course—”
“Of course.”
“—but when we leave, we needn’t speak of it again except to humiliate you at our convenience.”
Yvlon glowered and raised a fist, but she smiled as Pisces edged away. She looked back at her home and nodded to him.
“I feel like a fool back home, that’s all. What about you, Pisces? You…do you miss your home?”
It was a loaded question. Especially because Yvlon knew a bit. Pisces hesitated. A while back he’d have side-stepped the question or lied. But he was working on keeping secrets. He rolled his shoulders and reached for the rapier he carried.
“Rather a different experience than yours, Yvlon. I was never good enough. Lazy, arrogant, a half-made [Fencer] who embarrassed his father at every turn…I rather feel he disliked me.”
Yvlon’s face changed as Pisces stared ahead. She coughed, and replied slowly.
“—I understand that my complaining wears thin, especially compared to other’s experiences. I’m sorry.”
Pisces sniffed. He hated genuine emotion. He made his tone light and careless.
