7.45
Page 14
“But you did carve into the Adult Creler’s brain by yourself, Yvlon. I would place your combat contribution near the top, if not instrumental to our victory.”
Ksmvr added at the precisely wrong moment.
“Yes, we can’t overstate your bravery, Yvlon. You even told us all to run.”
Pisces drawled. Yvlon gave him a glare that threatened a punching.
“Not to mention you just lost your arm and you told Pisces to reattach it so you could keep fighting!”
Even Ceria joined in the teasing. Although she went too far—Yitton glanced at his daughter’s arm and Shallel’s smile wavered.
“You were exceptionally brave, Yvlon. Is it wrong to praise courage where we see it? Family or not—valor is valor.”
Yitton Byres nodded and Yvlon’s tomato-qualities increased. It interested Pisces no end.
Obviously, he and Ceria and even Ksmvr had been aware of Yvlon’s reluctance to go home. They’d speculated, but none of them had known quite why Yvlon wanted to avoid her family. And at least part of the answer was now clear: Yvlon’s parents, far from being the distant nobility, were dotingly proud of their daughter’s accomplishments.
More than even Pisces expected. As breakfast wrapped up and the plates were taken away by the few servants, Shallel turned to Yvlon.
“You and your team will have time to talk about all your accomplishments and laud the other contributors to your victory, Yvlon. We’ve asked Lenisa to come by to put your victory to verse.”
“Oh no. Mother—please. We don’t need—”
“Too late! I know how you are with the storytelling, Yvlon, but it’s not about you. The other villages and towns want to hear about your battle in details and I’m sure your teammates would enjoy it! Please send in Lenisa.”
Pisces blinked as an older woman in her late fifties was shown into the room. Lenisa, as it turned out, was a rather flashy woman with a flair for big gestures. She had a hint of dramatis that he respected. And she fit her class.
“I, am a [Storyteller] for House Byres. It is my role, honored adventurers, to put the deeds of Lord Ylawes and Lady Yvlon to verse! And such stories will go to every village and town under the aegis of House Byres—even further! They’ve reached even Invrisil. And I have no doubt that your victory as Silver-rank adventurers over an Adult Creler will be my greatest work yet!”
The woman had notes ready for the taking, and even an [Artist] to take portraits of all the Horns of Hammerad.
Pisces was delighted. Yvlon looked like she wanted to sit in Ksmvr’s tree and hide.
“What? Free advertisements? Yvlon! You didn’t say your parents had hired a [Storyteller] just for us!”
Ceria whispered to her friend. Yvlon gave her a wretched look.
“They didn’t. Lenisa is a family friend. They’ve hired her for every single victory I’ve ever won, starting when I was Bronze-rank.”
“W—really? That sounds great!”
“It’s not.”
But before Yvlon could elaborate, Lenisa had taken over the dining room.
“We’ll need individual accounts, but please, tell me everything. As many details as you have in you! What the Bloodfields look like, events leading up to the battle—I ah, understand we might need to take some narrative liberties here.”
She glanced at Yitton, and then Pisces. The [Necromancer]’s eyes narrowed.
“About what, pray?”
“Oh, the undead. I understand there was a bone—giant? Some undead…creation utilized in the battle?”
“You mean, the Frostmarrow Behemoth that saved our lives? Yes, Ceria and Pisces conjured it.”
Yvlon replied, glancing at Yitton. He affected not to notice. Lenisa scribbled a note on her parchment.
