7.45
Page 29
“The beginning, then. Bamer could tell you more, but he likes to exaggerate. I know the story my mother and father told me. Once, we were Vampires. The same kind you seem to know about. Powerful, varied—with the ability to change forms, cast magic, command lesser beings. It was said the greatest of us feared only dragonfire and could even stand and defy the sun.”
The City Runner felt a tingle run across her skin, even now. It was like listening to Teriarch speak of his past. Himilt nodded.
“We were legion. But like so many empires, we grew overconfident. Our enemies fought us—and we waged a long war against them. We won and lost—that’s not the point. The true ending was when the sickness, the malady, the curse or whatever it was began.”
He reached for his side, uncorked a flask of water and drank. Just water; not blood. Vampires were not undead. Just biological beings with magic, on a different setting than Humans. They wouldn’t be able to fall sick otherwise. Ryoka wondered…was it an autoimmune disease, like the one she knew from Earth? She glanced at Himilt’s neck. He nodded, touching it.
“One of the symptoms. Colfa has a rash—she became a Vampire late in life. She might outlive us all. Bamer, Rivel, Fierre—they were all born with the signs. Back to the beginning. We lost many powers in the first generations when the sickness became noticeable. We fell ill—and we do not succumb to poison or disease. But we fell ill. Our strength waned, as did the weaknesses of our bodies. Many fell ill at once and died raving of the pain of whatever ailed us. Those who survived—were afflicted.”
“And no cure? Not even one?”
He shook his head.
“Of course not. Everything was attempted. And before you ask—yes. Everything. We did not go into hiding right away. The first Vampires so cursed drank the blood of countless thousands but it availed them little. They turned to magic, alchemy—nothing worked. In six generations—we no longer derived the power from the blood of Izril’s mortals. Within eight generations, the affliction stabilized. We live short lives, but we can at least stand under the sun or touch silver.”
Decipher what it meant. The root of what he was saying was that whatever it was was…hereditary? A disease so powerful that it ate away at Vampires? Yes…it did match a disease. But Ryoka wasn’t certain.
Teriarch was the clue. He had hinted that his panacea would cure Fierre—but not the root of the problem. If she could be reinfected—and why was she worse?
“What about my panacea? I have to believe there was at least one artifact like that. Even if it was rare.”
Himilt paused, and his eyes flickered. Fierre stirred—fell still.
“Yes. Great magics did stave off the illness for a while. But it led to this. Those cured fell ill faster. Something crept up on us.”
This time the chill made Ryoka shudder. She saw Himilt glance at her for a second. Could he sense her beating heart? Ryoka looked down at her list.
“I need to figure out what I’ve forgotten. What I’m missing. How long does Fierre have?”
“I don’t know.”
Ryoka stared at Himilt. She looked at his daughter and felt a surge of anger. She had been racing around and Himilt and the others had been helping her. But as the sun rose and Ryoka’s hypotheses had failed, they had grown silent. Given up.
“Don’t just sit there! We need to act! Fierre can still be saved!”
Again, Himilt’s eyes flashed like blood and Ryoka froze. There was real wrath there. And something else.
“She will be. I am not sitting idly, Ryoka Griffin. If Fierre should grow worse…Colfa is resolved. But I will ensure Fierre does not die.”
