7.45
Page 5
The [Assassin] did not beat about the bush after Tyrion had sat. She just sat forwards and put her dagger away.
“Lord Tyrion Veltras. The Circle of Thorns has elected me as their messenger to bring you a second…offer. Or rather, an exchange. Your son’s lives and your family and your people’s safety for your cooperation.”
“I gave them my answer. I do not deal with traitors of Izril and cowards.”
Tyrion’s voice was taut. The [Assassin] looked at him.
“And here is the Circle’s response. Did you really think you could interfere with their business with no consequences, Lord Veltras?”
He said nothing. The [Assassin] sat back and folded her hands behind her head with a sigh. The effrontery enraged Jericha. She pointed her wand at the [Assassin].
“What do you want? Speak your business!”
“Neither son will die of the poison I gave them today. Or even tomorrow. They may last a week, or a month at the most. But I have never known a full-grown man, Minotaur, or other species to live longer than that. And the cure is beyond your [Healer].”
The [Assassin]’s voice was quiet. Tyrion waited, tense. Now—his nerves were humming.
“I will find a cure.”
“You will try. But you will not succeed. The Circle will not allow you to cure your sons, Lord Veltras. No one will save your sons but our agents. Happily—the Circle is quite reasonable. Your sons need not die. Merely sign this contract I have been entrusted with and they will be healed, within the hour.”
A scroll was produced. Tyrion didn’t move; Jericha snatched it out of the air as the [Assassin] tossed it forwards.
“This is—a Blood Oath Contract? Ridiculous!”
Jericha recoiled. Tyrion knew what she was speaking about—vaguely. It was a grade of magical contract, enforced by blood magic. Extremely difficult to bypass, if at all.
“What does it say, Jericha?”
He hadn’t looked away from the woman. Tyrion was thinking. He heard Jericha read, mutter an oath.
“Lord Veltras—”
“Jericha.”
She gulped. Then she read, slowly.
“…It’s a simple contract, Lord Veltras. Without room to change the terms, which demand that you never raise your blade against or oppose the Circle of Thorns or any of their agents. That you fight and command the armies they give you. And you reveal no secret of theirs or their agents, again.”
“Three promises. The Circle would have let you swear a lesser oath and rewarded you for it before, Lord Veltras. Now—this is the terms of your lineage.”
The [Assassin] waited, calmly. She had been chosen to enforce this threat, and she waited to see what the [Lord] did. Rage against her, threaten her pointlessly; if he acted like a fool she had been empowered to punish him.
But Tyrion Veltras did nothing. He just sat there. And when he looked at her, his face was expressionless.
“So that is your threat? The lives of my sons for my obedience, like some leashed dog?”
She hesitated. She had been given to understand that Lord Tyrion’s one weakness was his family. But there was nothing on his face.
“That is the Circle’s ultimatum, Lord Veltras. You may try to find an antidote. But the Circle will—”
“I see.”
Tyrion stood up. He looked at the [Assassin], then towards Jericha.
“See this…woman out of my keep, Jericha. Don’t harm her unless she gives you a reason to.”
“Lord Veltras. The Circle will not be—”
Tyrion strode out of the room. The [Assassin] hesitated as Jericha looked at her. The retainer’s hand clenched the scroll tightly. The female [Assassin] pointed at it.
“I wouldn’t destroy that if I were you. That is your [Lord]’s only chance. Tell him that.”
