7.45
Page 20
“They’d attack the skeletons for bones! It got so that we had to ward the undead and patrol the commune. Zombies started rotting and attracted birds, insects, and so forth—we even lost a Ghoul to the wildlife one time. And the undead would lose their binding spells, wander off, or do something inane like cut down every tree in a ten mile radius until we caught up to it…”
Yvlon started laughing. Ceria and Ksmvr, who came back from finding his second tree, saw the warrior woman doubled over in mirth as Pisces glowered at her. They started laughing too, not even knowing why at first.
Yvlon Byres wiped tears from her eyes when she was done. Pisces was glowering.
“We were all low-level. Our best member was just reaching Level 30 when I left, and he was better at combat, mass-raising undead rather than customization. I could design a far better one now. It might even be useful. But I will desist while I’m on Lord Yitton’s lands.”
Yvlon fell silent. She nodded slowly.
“Thanks, Pisces.”
The [Necromancer] sniffed in reply and waved it away. He thought that was that. But the short conversation with Yvlon had clarified how she really felt. In a way—it was a mistake to let her unbottle her feelings. Because ‘you couldn’t put the skeleton back in the flesh suit’, as one of his former [Necromancer] friends had used to say. It came to a tipping point when Lord Yitton wanted them to participate in the first Byres tradition.
 
—-
 
“It’s just a minor custom, but House Byres always breaks and shares the first loaf of bread from a harvest among themselves. Yvlon, you should take part. It would honor the village to have a Gold-rank adventurer participate.”
“Not to mention you haven’t been back in nearly two years.”
Shallel added. Yvlon sighed.
“We’re just eating bread, father.”
“It’s traditional and it shows our appreciation.”
Yitton gave his daughter a stern look. Ceria broke in, smiling awkwardly.
“I’d love to come and wouldn’t mind having something to eat, right you guys?”
Ksmvr and Pisces nodded, with varying degrees of enthusiasm. Yitton hesitated and glanced at the two. He coughed into a fist.
“—Perhaps it would be best if Yvlon were to come alone. It is a Byres tradition. More frankly—the presence of a [Necromancer] and one of the…Antinium would be disruptive.”
Ah. He was doing it again. Pisces rolled his eyes, but without real rancor; eating bread was only something Ksmvr enjoyed.
“Father. Pisces is part of my team.”
Yvlon’s brows twitched. It was a warning sign to anyone on her team. Shallel gave her husband a similar look.
“I’m sure the Horns of Hammerad would be welcome, Yitton.”
“But this is a traditional meal. The people know about Mister Pisces…they might feel as though the first baking were—unclean. With all due respect, Shallel…”
Pisces saw Yvlon raise one of her metal arms. She brought her fist down on the dining room table. Hard.
The thump made everything on the ancient wood surface jump. And—cracked the table itself.
Yvlon hadn’t meant to do that, Pisces was sure. She and everyone else stared at the impact and crack that had broken the family’s possible heirloom.
“Yvlon!”
Yitton went pale with fury. But Yvlon was already furious. Fury replaced her look of guilt.
“That’s enough, father! If you don’t want Pisces or Ksmvr around, you needn’t ask for me!”
She pushed herself up. Yitton hesitated.
“I am only explaining—”
“You’re insulting him to his face. That’s not honesty. That’s just rudeness! I know you don’t like [Necromancers]. But you could at least try.”
“Yvlon, really. I’m quite used to—”
“Shut up, Pisces.”
