7.45
Page 33
“…Gotta be a clue. I just need to isolate…microscope. Microscope.”
She looked up. Colfa saw hope reignite in Ryoka’s eyes. She looked around, wildly, galvanized by an idea. Then she stared straight ahead. Ylawes, Dawil, Colfa, all followed her gaze.
Ryoka Griffin stared at Falene. At Falene’s face. At something perched on her nose.
“Falene. I need your glasses. And I need you to cast some spells.”
“What?”
The half-Elf protectively covered her face. But then Ryoka grabbed for the spectacles and snapped them in half. She needed a microscope. This time—she was certain.
The answer lay before her. Just too small to see.
 
—-
 
A microscope was an incredibly powerful tool of the modern age. Also—simple in concept to design. Ryoka didn’t know how to create a high-powered version. But she remember a simple do-it-yourself school project. All you needed was a tube, some black cloth or paper, and two lenses…
And if you couldn’t engineer something perfectly out of a bunch of leaves and sticks, use magic. Falene, after she had been prevented from murdering Ryoka with her bare hands, was incensed.
“You need to magnify your vision? I can do that with a spell! [Farsight]!”
“That’s not what I need. I need way more magnification than this. You—uh—you can [Repair] the glasses, right? I’ll pay for them!”
“I’ll pay for them if they’re that expensive. Come off it, Skystrall. Ryoka, what do you need?”
Ryoka had assembled the crude microscope and was trying to get the lenses to work. Falene made a sound of disgust, but she tapped Ryoka’s temples next to her right eye.
“[Farsight]. How’s that? Your right eye—”
“Aah!”
Ryoka’s eye burst into tears at the sudden magnification. It was beyond disorienting—but then she looked through the microscope and blinked.
“I think—I think—[Light]—”
A harsh white light appeared from beneath the sample tray. Which was, in fact, a windowpane upon which Ryoka had heaped a bunch of Fierre’s dried puke. The others crowded around as Ryoka sifted through the black vomit. She had a pair of tweezers used for extracting ticks from the animals and long brush.
“I think it’s working! I can see—”
Tiny particles. No doubt food, gastric acids. Ryoka began sifting through it. She thought…she saw something odd.
“I might need some water. Something to dilute this. And—and a bucket. We can’t throw anything away. But we can isolate different parts, right?”
No one else had any idea what Ryoka was talking about. But even if she dissolved part of the vomit, as long as she kept the liquid, all the components were there. And part of Ryoka…part of her had a suspicion.
“I can get the water. Dawil, let’s haul some up. Where’s your well, Miss Colfa?”
“That way. There’s a bucket there…here. I’ll find more.”
Colfa strode off. Falene pinched at her nose and backed up, muttering about the cost of good spectacles.
All the pieces were there. Ryoka stared at black particles swirling together. She took the water Colfa had on hand and mixed it with a first sample, leaving some for control. But…but now she was perfectly calm. Terrified. But calm.
This time she was certain. The clues were there. She saw it. It was specks of blackness as she washed the dark waters, isolating what wasn’t food or easily dissolvable. Black…but that made sense, didn’t it?
It tarnished. But where did it come from?
 
—-
 
“Okay, we broke the first loaf of fresh bread, we exchanged drinks—walked the lands to check for impurity, and made an offering of silver at the shrine-thingy. Weird name. Shrine. Shrine.”
