7.45
Page 7
Sacra was dead. Her carriage had been attacked on the road, blatantly, and the best [Assassins] of northern Izril had nearly taken her head. The Dragon hesitated. He coughed into one claw.
“So. Ahem, I assume you will be well-protected once you leave my cave? As I said, interference…”
He trailed off. It was hard to make excuses after he had teleported her out of danger. But the [Lady] looked up at her friend.
“I will be safe, Teriarch. Until I arrive in Drake lands—I will be at sea. The Velistrane awaits me in harbor.”
“Hm. Well, that would do it so long as you keep your staff vigilant. Make sure of that, [Maid].”
The Dragon focused on Ressa. The [Maid]-[Assassin] just nodded. Her eyes flicked to the side.
“The carriage…”
“The primary version is destroyed. Or taken. Whoever took it removed the tracking spells. But your backup is fixed. I…reinforced some of the magic. As for your servant…”
Teriarch scratched at his neck. He looked past Ressa.
A [Butler] stood. Reynold looked down at his legs, his face blank. They were quite different. The Dragon spoke, almost apologetically.
“I didn’t teleport your legs, Human.”
He neglected to mention that he wasn’t about to give the man a potion that could regenerate his legs. That was frankly worth as much as Magnolia’s damn carriage, if not more.
“Lord Dragon, they are exquisite. Thank you.”
Reynold bowed precisely. He did not smile; his face didn’t move. He’d been like that since waking up after being saved. He paused, then looked up.
“Sacra’s remains…”
“I found nothing.”
“I see.”
“We will find them. This is not over, Reynold.”
Magnolia Reinhart stood there. She exhaled. Then she glanced up at Teriarch.
“Old man. Dear friend. It’s time for me to go. I fear I’ve been put on the back foot for now.”
“You—you’re sure you don’t need some help? Not that I’d give it, of course…”
The Dragon saw her smile. The [Lady] shook her head.
“It’s a poor thing to rely on Dragons too much. Someone quite crotchety said that.”
The Dragon exhaled hot air on Magnolia.
“I think it was quite a wise statement. As you wish. You will appear right outside the city gates as if it were a [Lesser Teleport] spell. As I’ve said—be wary of the Walled Cities. They’ve changed.”
“I will, Teriarch. Thank you.”
Magnolia Reinhart nodded. She smiled at Teriarch. He harrumphed once more. But she was right.
There was more that was said. But in the end—the Dragon cast a spell. The three vanished, along with the repaired secondary carriage.
Teriarch lay back down. He was tired. More mentally than physically—but a good deal of the latter himself. He thought about his actions, self-reflecting. Critiquing. Another [Message] spell came and was severed at the root.
Many of them, in fact. Teriarch could see the senders. Not the contents of the [Message], but the mages themselves.
“Some half-Elf…hah. Someone from Invrisil—that [Enchanter] fellow? Drake from Pallass—has to be that young Grimalkin. Wistram, Wistram, Wistram…”
He snorted as the senders found they were sending to nothing and their spells were collapsing. The Dragon sighed.
“I’ve been too active. Or rather, Grand Mage Eldavin has. Yes, too active by far. This is what interfering gets you. Busybodies like flies. Time enough for it to stop. I don’t need this. Time…for isolation.”
Magnolia had made her decision. She was going to the Walled Cities. He had helped her. Now, interest in him was too great. The Dragon prepared to cast a spell. A truly powerful one. He found an [Archmage]’s staff, snorted as he hunted around.
“Where’s that damn book? Let’s see. Staff here, stave there—”
