7.45
Page 24
“Not at all, Ksmvr. It’s mostly just old traditions. And—well, it’s vaguely entertaining to do some of them. You get free food a lot of the time. How about it?”
Her team conferred. It sounded like a fine activity to all of them, especially if it helped Yvlon reconcile. So they stood up and followed her as she led them deeper into the keep.
Pisces dawdled a bit to see if he could [Repair] the table, but he concluded the parts needed to be joined as seamlessly as possible and that he might lack the nuance of the spell. He found Yvlon standing at a large door made of, curiously, stone and silver inlays. The crest of her house was etched into the door and it looked like one of the most reinforced parts of the keep.
“What’s this?”
Yvlon pushed the door open for an answer. Pisces saw a room—mostly empty—where armor, weaponry, and more would have been hung. At the moment—it had enough arms and armor for about two dozen fighters at most. Although—he had to note—the metal was the same silver-steel alloy that Yvlon and Ylawes used.
“The Byres armory. Not much to see, right? This is for the family only; the house guard have a different area. This is our ancestral vault, heritage of all Byres descendants, and so on.”
The woman waved a hand with the vagueness of someone who had seen it a hundred times. Pisces looked around the room.
“Wow. It’s magnificent. And old! Are those historical battles or something?”
Ceria pointed to faded stonework on the walls. Pisces saw traces of paint, but only the etchings themselves had remained, showing battles with [Knights] and other monsters. Yvlon nodded, embarrassed.
“It’s a Byres tradition, writing down our accomplishments. Those were our ancestors, the ones who built the keep.”
“So that’s where your parents get it from! We should hang the Mothbear picture right here!”
Ceria teased. Yvlon shoved her with one arm, smiling. She looked around the room. It really was empty compared to what it could hold.
“You can tell we’ve declined. I used to think this place was so grand—but, well, House Byres is a fraction of how large it was.”
“Don’t you have more members of your House than just your brother and sister?”
Pisces pointed out. Yvlon nodded.
“Oh, sure. Extended family. They live all over the place. You met some of them in the banquet. But we used to be a huge noble house. This was an armory for all our [Warriors]—now it’s only the main family that keeps the tradition of having at least one [Warrior] per generation.”
“Ah. And the armor?”
Yvlon walked over to the sets of glittering armor. It too was a bit of an illusion. The metal was silver and steel, but it wasn’t enchanted—and perhaps only on the same level as your average steel worked by a [Blacksmith]. Locally forged, in short, not a Pelt-masterpiece or something from Pallass’ forges.
“All of our artifacts were sold, or lost their magic over the years. But—we still have this tradition. Silver and steel. Our alloy. Ylawes’ breastplate is made of the stuff. My armor and weapons too. We’re supposed to always keep enough sets of armor and weapons to fight with. In case they’re needed.”
“Ooh. This is quite lovely, Yvlon. I admire the aesthetic beauty of your armor and weaponry. Perhaps not their efficacy in combat, but certainly their luster.”
Ksmvr tested one of the blades on his arm. Yvlon sighed.
“Silver and steel isn’t actually stronger than just steel, Ksmvr. These are specialty weapons and armor. Good for killing—oh, lots of monsters that are mostly dead.”
“Like what?”
