7.45
Page 42
The Horns of Hammerad walked the lands of House Byres and Yvlon reconciled a bit of her issues with her family. At least—a bit.
Lord Tyrion Veltras had no such luxuries. He sat in the room where Hethon and Sammial lay, guarded by House Veltras’ most elite warriors. Jericha and three dozen [Mages] had fortified this place.
But it was too late. They were ill. Hethon breathed shallowly; Sammial was coughing, almost unable to breathe.
The [Assassin] had left the blood-contract behind. As well as the warning. The cure would escape Tyrion Veltras. The Circle of Thorns would damn his attempts.
The [Healer] and three of the best [Alchemists] locally were poring through encyclopedias of poison and antidote, searching for the symptoms and cure—if there was one. Tyrion Veltras was reaching out to anyone he could think of. He refused to kneel, not to the Circle.
“Milord? It’s late. We can watch over Lord Hethon and Sammial.”
Jericha approached Tyrion tentatively, holding a ball of [Light]. She saw Tyrion’s head rise slowly.
“I will cure them. And when I do—you will take Hethon and Sammial to Terandria. Then I will hunt down this Circle of Thorns and put them to death by my own hand. Every last one.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras.”
She bowed. Tyrion went back to sitting. But his fury—he listened to Sammial coughing, Hethon’s labored breaths.
A scroll lay in front of him. The words glowed in the darkness. Tyrion sat there, staring at the contract and the terms.
Helpless.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I am done! This was a longer chapter, plagued by exhaustion. Exhaustion…I was running a large sleep-debt which I’ve mostly paid off.
I hope this chapter is good despite it! The chapters where all the little hints draw together are always hard. I wish I had something cool to say. Cool things happened this week! I got to type and the person on the screen responded!
Oh—and someone’s making food based on The Wandering Inn! They made Drake-style meatballs and silkap, the Gnollish treat! That is so amazing. There are all kinds of great fans.
And speaking of, I’ll leave you with a beautiful image of another immortal being of old. Dragons, Vampires…and the Treant, drawn by Enuryn the [Naturalist]! Give them lots of praise for this amazing, mystical being!
Thanks for reading! Tune in next time where I hopefully have perfect sleep! But either way, the story continues!
 
https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat
 


