7.45
Page 10
What was that quote about wizards that Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin kept repeating? Something about arriving? Well, Teriarch had meant what he said to Magnolia. But there was another saying he had.
“A Dragon can do what he damn well pleases.”
He walked onwards, looking ahead. Until he tripped.
 
—-
 
There was no aid from Dragons that night. Or in the desperate hours later. Ryoka knelt by her friend. Fierre was feverish. Muttering. She’d rejected the water, gulping it down, spitting it up—along with blood.
Something was wrong. But what? Teriarch wasn’t there to provide an easy answer. Maybe he’d heard Ryoka—but made good on his threat at last. She had been relying on him, going to him as the first resort.
But oh—this once? Ryoka whispered as Fierre groaned with pain.
“I’ve let too many people down before, Fierre. I promise, I’ll find out what’s wrong.”
She rose. Himilt was waiting. Ylawes, Dawil, Falene, and Salamani had no idea what was wrong, but Ryoka had put them on the wrong track—going into Reizmelt to search for clues about a ‘magical disease’ or some poison that Fierre might have run into.
“Let’s make that list, Himilt. I’ll do the carriage—you walk me through Fierre’s day.”
As the night deepened, Ryoka began to search for clues to unravel this mystery. She followed Himilt as he began walking his home with her.
Racing to find what was wrong with her friend with no idea of the time limit or the malady involved.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin was at war with time. And time was not her ally. The sun rose too quickly as she worked, night turning into day.
The sun shone down brightly on a tree bordering a forest. A tree like any other.
Like no other. It was a Special Tree. Because it belonged to the one Antinium landowner the world had ever known. He clambered upwards, hopping from branch to branch and landing lightly.
He was a [Skirmisher], and he had a ring that allowed him to leap with ease. Now, he paused on a wide branch and found something.
A bird’s nest. The bird had evacuated the instant it saw the giant insect heading its way, abandoning its young in a shocking display of pragmatism or cowardice. Now, the Antinium’s antennae twitched as he checked the nest and found three eggs.
“Aha. The fruit of the land! A magnificent harvest!”
Ksmvr happily collected the three eggs into his bag of holding and investigated the rest of the tree.
His tree. He even had a deed to it. It was signed by Yvlon Byres, granting him the rights in perpetuity to the tree.
It…probably wasn’t legally binding, but Pisces was stymied from pointing that out by Ceria’s foot, which tended to hit his shins whenever he tried.
Now, the Antinium waved down at Pisces from the tree’s branches. The [Necromancer] waved back as he chewed on some cracked walnuts.
“Pisces, I have obtained a magnificent bounty of goods from my landed estates!”
“Wonders never cease, Ksmvr.”
The [Necromancer] felt Ksmvr land with a thump as the Antinium hopped down. Ksmvr saw Pisces’ snack.
“Comrade—”
He caught himself.
“Pisces, would you care to enter into a trade agreement for your produce? I have three eggs. I will trade one for your walnuts.”
Pisces thought about this. He handed over half his walnuts and received an egg.
“This trade agreement is struck. I have now concluded diplomacy. I must make war to enlarge my estate.”
At that, Ceria started laughing so hard she nearly fell out of the branches of the tree she’d been lounging in. She caught herself and swung to the ground.
