7.46 K
Page 21
The other two were rulers. One was High King Perric of Medain, haughty as he sat in his throne. The second? Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, the major power to the south of Reim, surrounded by a war council.
Each one ruled a nation more powerful than Jecrass. Each one had an army of note. Nerrhavia’s Fallen was of course a major power of Chandrar, vast and influential, ruled by String People.
The Claiven Earth by contrast was small, reclusive—but incredibly dangerous. The half-Elves had settled their nation long ago, coming from Terandria, even growing a forest along the coast. Even the King of Destruction had chosen to make peace rather than fight them to the last during his first rise to power.
And the last—Medain. Raelt knew the ruler, High King Perric, and the country very well. Medain was an aggressive coastal nation. The Kingdom of Adventurers, who possessed a strong army supplemented by active and retired adventurers. It was he who led the discussions.
“Jecrass cannot make peace, of course. Reim’s ambitions must not be tolerated.”
He said it as if he were giving orders to Raelt. The ruler of Jecrass said nothing. High King Perric drummed his fingers on the armrest of his throne.
“You have petitioned our nations for reinforcements, King Leysars.”
“Not petitioned, your Majesty Perric. Demanded.”
The man’s eyes narrowed. He and Raelt glared at each other. Not once had Raelt used the ‘High King’ title; he refused to give the larger man even that small satisfaction.
High King Perric had tried to invade both Jecrass and Belchan in years past. More than that—Raelt just detested the man, who had been a Gold-rank Captain before taking the throne. He had an ego to match Flos Reimarch.
But he might save Jecrass. Deliberately, Raelt looked past him towards Queen Yisame and the Speaker of Trees.
“And not from one nation either. If I am to refuse the peace treaty, I must have reinforcements from all three nations at once. Nothing short of that will stop the King of Destruction. As I have said, your Majesty.”
He nodded at Yisame. She stirred, looking guilty, but one of her members of the war council spoke.
He was perhaps an [Earl], or some equivalent rank in Nerrhavia’s fallen. But he looked down his nose at Raelt as he spoke for the [Queen].
“Her Majesty has provided her assurances that reinforcements shall arrive, King Raelt of Jecrass.”
“Assurances I have received before.”
“Nerrhavia has sent countless chariots—”
“Not an army.”
Raelt ignored the man. He looked past the String People at the half-Elf standing alone. The Speaker of Trees inclined his head.
“Our archers failed to meet your expectations, King Leysars?”
“They performed to the best of their abilities, Speaker of the Trees. But—it was not what was needed. To fight the King of Destruction, I need three armies. So yes! It is not enough! I need an army. And if I am to turn down the King of Destruction in this hour of peace—there will be no second agreement. All three nations must sign a pact of war. A contract, to come to Jecrass’ defense!”
The other rulers stirred. Raelt clenched his fists. He had gone back and forth with them on this point and none of them wanted this last bit.
They were happy to talk. They had been talking since he’d announced he was suing for peace. None of the nations wanted that. But a formal contract, sealed by magic? They’d have to fight with him in an actual war.
There was still a chance. High King Perric shifted in his throne.
