7.46 K
Page 16
“…I didn’t know what the hell was happening. But yeah. There was a sign. See—the thing is, I’m not sure if they’re here. Or…alive. But I was with my friends when it happened. A small group. I saw ‘em go. I was going to take a piss and I’d just come back when I saw someone vanish.”
Trey blinked. He hadn’t met anyone else from Earth.
“Vanish?”
“Yup. Just there one second. Gone the next. You’ve not seen anyone else. But—his name’s Daly—he was just gone. No sound, nothing else.”
“What happened next?”
Trey leaned forwards, urgently. Flynn shook his head.
“I started shouting and asking if anyone else had seen. No one else had even noticed. They just thought Daly had gone off somewhere. I was trying to explain when I saw two more go. Then people began shouting. I ran about, trying to find them. I was just going for security when—”
He raised his hands and lowered them.
“In the middle of an airport. Fucking hell, man. There must have been cameras! But no one came after me. And I’m not sure—you arrived in Hellios? How far north is that?”
“A long ways.”
Flynn nodded absently.
“That means they could be anywhere. Or…they ran into something nasty. I saw some real monsters out there. The [Mages] don’t know. But if there’s a chance…and I can get help, I’m going to find it at this Wistram place. Hopefully.”
He looked up at Trey, serious now. The young man slowly nodded.
Flynn was odd to Trey. Older, but younger at the same time. He had been an adventurer, treated this world like it was part-game. Trey had seen a war. And fortunately or not—he’d arrived in the King of Destruction’s throne room.
Even their motivations for going were different. But they were going together. Trey sat in the cabin, as Flynn asked him questions about magic, his experiences. The young man practiced lying on his first person who wasn’t Mirin or Palke.  And he felt himself leaving Chandrar and everyone he knew and cared about far behind. Heading across the sea.
With a purpose, though. A great one. Trey closed his eyes.
Wistram Academy awaited.
 
—-
 
Trey Atwood, Teresa Atwood, Nawalishifra, Fetohep of Khelt. One left Chandrar, and the others in their way lived and shaped it, however small. Yet their fates were tied to one man, one kingdom.
The next day, Teresa Atwood rode north at all speed. It would take her several days to return to the front. But that was fine.
The war was paused. Jecrass and Reim had halted the conflict that had raged across Jecrass and Belchan’s borders until Raelt had pulled his armies back, ceding the south and west of his lands to Reim’s advance. More than that—after his second attempt to bring the King of Destruction down, he had sent a [Messenger] under the flag of peace.
He had asked the King of Destruction his terms for Jecrass’ surrender.
That was the kind of news that made Nerrhavia’s Fallen, Medain, and every other nation opposed to the King of Destruction extremely nervous. Undesirable news, to say the least. However, it wasn’t being reported loudly from Wistram News Network. A glorious battle against the odds was good television. The peace negotiations—no.
That was how the Academy felt, at least, and they controlled the broadcasts. So attention across the world was turned to the incident in Baleros, football, and so on. That didn’t stop reality from occurring, of course. It just changed public perception.
