7.46 K
Page 12
But as he bade them farewell and walked stiffly down the docks, Trey felt like this was more and more insane. He saw a queue of people ahead of him, waiting to board the ship. This was separate from the cargo being loaded on the other side; these were all passengers.
Like Trey, there were a lot of nervous young people. Even children! As young as seven. Trey saw a boy, a Stitchboy, solemnly listening to his well-dressed father giving him instructions.
“…Sayzil. Remember? Sayzil. He and I were friends. He will know you; I’ve written ahead. And take this.”
The boy gasped as his father offered him something. Trey saw the glitter of magic and for a moment he felt as if the bay rippled.
Water magic. Some water-wand. Not with a bound spell, but a catalyst-wand with some water-based magical substance.
“Thank you, father!”
The boy bowed, and then he and his father embraced. Trey looked away. The dock was full of scenes like this.
“Next!”
A voice from the bored [Mage] in front made the others stir. No one stepped forwards immediately; they still had things to say.
Trey walked forwards, heart pounding. The [Mage] sighed as he went down the list.
“Name?”
“T—Troy Atlas.”
Trey nearly fumbled the first step. The [Mage] ran down the list.
“Troy, Troy…aha. No mage-picture…can you tell me the city you came from, Mister Troy?”
“Er—Hellios.”
“Alright. And your age?”
“Six—no, it’s seventeen now.”
The [Mage] nodded. He glanced up. He made a little sign and looked at Trey.
“Do you swear you are the person bound for Wistram Academy?”
Trey caught his breath, but in relief. Mirin and Palke had worried about the wording of this, but—Trey nodded.
“I am.”
The [Mage] studied the truth spell and nodded. He forced a smile and pointed to the ship.
“Very well. Your cabin will be assigned to you. Welcome, Mister Atlas.”
Trey exhaled slowly. He boarded the ship, walking up the gangplank. He knew Mirin and Palke were watching, but he gave them no sign.
The first step was done. Trey saw a [Sailor] pointing with a yawn towards the belowdecks.
“That way, Mister Student, sir.”
“T-thank you?”
Trey nearly stumbled as he stared at her. She was a [Sailor], like all the other ones working on decks, loading cargo, swearing at each other. But this woman…had an octopus tentacle for a leg. She had a swaying walk.
“No problem, sir. Hey, Captain! We shoving off by evening or what? We’re dying of boredom here!”
The [Storm Sailor], Inky, saluted. She shouted at the [Captain] busy coordinating the loading of cargo and people.
Captain Lasc, aboard his repaired ship, turned.
“You want to dance with Lord Seagrass, the Undersea Crews, and half the [Pirates] in the sea, Second Mate Inky? This is steady pay and until we get everything re-enchanted and the crew up to snuff, I don’t want to hear complaining! Get back to work!”
Inky grimaced. She waved Trey onwards.
“I knew I should have jumped ship at Zeres! Would’ve been more fun than running a passenger barge!”
“Hah! On your toes, Inky! I heard one of the ships going to Wistram got attacked by a Sea Serpent once! Had to be bailed out by the Archmage of Lightning herself!”
“What, only one?”
The [Storm Sailors] laughed in good humor as Trey walked down the deck. So this was the Emerald Signet? The same ship that had been in the scrying orb? That Fetohep had been on? He’d told Trey all about it.
Trey wondered what telling Inky and the Captain would have netted him. A drink or a boot off the ship? Either way—it didn’t matter.
“Troy Atlas?”
A second [Mage] was waiting belowdecks. Troy nodded and she pointed.
