7.46 K
Page 24
“Over what? Why are you coming to me about it? Have one of the River Wardens arrest or discipline whoever it is.”
The retainer hesitated.
“Sire. The instigator was, ah…”
He turned and Raelt saw a sullen young woman being escorted by some of Jecrass’ [Trick Riders] towards him.
Ah. You couldn’t discipline someone above your rank.
Princess Jecaina of Jecrass had a scrape on her cheek and a banged knuckle. Raelt listened, with that pained feeling of a father as Geril explained.
“Six [Master Charioteers] were drinking, sire, and Princess Jecaina objected to their remarks. She…challenged them to a duel. Then, when they refused, started a brawl with several of her friends. [Soldiers] nearby joined in, as did more of Nerrhavia’s soldiers…”
“How many wounded?”
“In need of healing potions? Only—six.”
Six? Jecaina flushed. She burst out.
“They were insulting you, father! And the crown!”
Raelt looked at his daughter.
“Insulting me?”
Geril flushed. So did Jecaina. She looked away from Raelt.
“They said—they said no real king would have given up the battlefield. As if you hadn’t been fighting the King of Destruction for nearly a month! And they called you a coward!”
“I gave up the borders. They’re Nerrhavia’s people. Free to say what they want. Isn’t…isn’t [Master Chariot] a noble title, Geril?”
“Those awarded the class usually are of the lowest noble rank in Nerrhavia, sire. It’s an extremely negligible title as Nerrhavia counts them—”
“Wonderful.”
Raelt’s head hurt. He looked at Jecaina.
“You’ll make an apology to Nerrhavia’s [General], Jecaina. Geril, find whoever that is. Anyone hurt? Heal them up and keep them separate.”
“Father!”
Jecaina pursued Raelt as Geril bowed. The King of Jecrass let his daughter follow him. That roaring was back in his ears—but he heard her.
“Jecaina Leysars. Why did you start a fight with our allies?”
She gulped as he looked at her.
“But—but they insulted you. The honor of Jecrass, father…”
The [King of Challenges] gave her such a blank stare that Jecaina trailed off.
“Have you been hanging around the River Warden’s children again?”
“Only a bit. With—I’m not allowed to fight. So why not?”
“Because you’d die.”
Raelt muttered. He saw Jecaina turn red. She stared furiously at him. Again, Raelt gave her a long look and Jecaina hesitated.
This wasn’t how their father-daughter talks normally went. Normally it was Jecaina who had no time to talk to Raelt. This time…
“Nerrhavia’s chariots are part of our army—for now, Jecaina. If they decide to ride off because you insulted them—”
“They insulted us first! And what good have they done? It’s only a fraction of the army Nerrhavia could have sent! You said that y—”
“Jecaina!”
Raelt grabbed his daughter’s shoulders. She stared at him wide-eyed. Raelt gave her a tiny shake. He released her, and took a breath. He tried to think, to explain.
“I understand. I understand you’re angry. I don’t appreciate being called a coward. Even to my back. But you cannot challenge random [Master Charioteers] to a duel and cause a brawl! You are a [Princess].”
“But our honor…”
Raelt tasted the word on his tongue.
“Honor. Jecaina, if honor could be besmirched by words, no one would have any left. I know you’re trying to defend me. But Jecrass doesn’t need a—a [Warrior Princess]. It needs you to be a calming influence. Someone to look up to. I thought…you did well when I was gone.”
His daughter looked up at him.
“I did?”
