7.46 K
Page 38
Lightning crackled across the street. It struck the [Guards], arcing across Jecaina for a moment. But her ring protected her. She felt the Watch Captain cry out as they hit the ground.
Felt, but did not hear. Her ears were suddenly stuffed with cotton. Jecaina got up, and saw the Gold-ranks charging.
“What are you doing?”
She tried to scream at them. Jecaina drew her sword, slowly, as all nine attacked the remaining [Guards]. She slashed at the Captain, and he backed up as she cut him across the collarbone, cutting through his armor with her enchanted sword. But—she spun left, and then saw the two [Riders] coming down the side street.
A second Gold-rank team. The Watch Captain stared down at the arrow in his chest and tried to stand. Jecaina looked around. She slashed, backing up, trying to shout—but there was no sound.
Her father was right. Battles weren’t duels.
The Gold-rank adventurers fought for a minute. The [Princess] was good. But they were used to fighting all kinds of foes.
The third arrow dropped her. One had taken her in the leg, and the other two were sleeping arrows.
“That did not go according to plan!”
One of them spoke as the [Silence] spell wore off. The leader of the Silvereyes swore.
“Shut up. Hide the bodies. And ride! We need at least six hour’s head start! You lot—start spreading the story.”
The second team nodded. The Silvereyes raced for the covered wagon and set the horses into motion. The fastest mounts they could get. The rest took to the horses and rode out of Jecrass’ gates.
No one stopped them or checked the wagon. It was just another disgruntled Gold-rank team leaving for Medain. The Captain of the Silvereyes watched his teammate tending to the wounded [Princess]. Her refusal to fight had been a surprise, but it had worked out.
“Pick up speed!”
“[Eleventh Hour Wheels]!”
The [Driver] called out. The Captain felt the wagon pick up speed.
High King Perric had his [Princess]. They were going to be rich.
 
—-
 
Princess Jecaina was gone. Now came the question: who would notice her absence?
Raelt Leysars of Jecrass…did not ask about his daughter. He sat in the private, guest quarters with Prime Minister Lyfelt. As his friend wept and begged. Why would Raelt have worried about his daughter?
General Lael and Geril were next. The [General] was busy overseeing the army. If they went to war—but they wouldn’t. She felt relieved. She wasn’t drinking—yet. But when the treaty was signed and the King of Destruction’s army was marching off, she was going to drink for the next month.
She had leveled, but she never wanted to experience this kind of war again.
“General Lael. Do you know where Princess Jecaina is?”
She turned. Geril had walked into the war room, looking for the [Princess]. The old retainer was past his bedtime, but he was checking Jecaina’s haunts.
Lael usually suffered the [Princess]’ presence, but she informed Geril that she wasn’t here.
“Why?”
“Oh, the servants said she went for a walk in the city but hasn’t returned.”
“She might be drinking or out with her friends.”
Geril sighed. It was a common pastime of Jecaina’s. She was a good [Princess]; she made the rounds of the city, speaking to soldiers, being there, seen, while her father fought the war. But a young woman was still restless and had to be doubly upset that she wasn’t allowed to fight.
“Most likely.”
“We have a surplus of hands. I could inquire after her.”
Lael offered. Geril hesitated.
“It’s not necessary. She does hate to be monitored. But maybe…”
He lapsed into silence. Lael turned to a junior officer.
