7.46 K
Page 3
“That was the prelude. As the Quarass was reborn, she led a true army from Germina and proceeded to stake and eradicate every last Vampire in the lair left alive. To warn the others, she had the rest executed by burning them from the toes upwards in molten stone. You would do well to remember that the next time you annoy her.”
Teres decided she didn’t want the snack the servant was offering her—a fancy version of a sundae, with a hand-baked wafer and whipped cream made from a magical cow or something. She always felt like she gained weight when she visited Khelt.
Fetohep turned forwards, slightly pleased by her reaction.
“So ended Vampires. They were driven first from our continent, then Baleros and Terandria. Izril was last. If there are Vampires—they shall not gain a foothold again so long as I live. We suffer no more overlords. Why do you ask? Have you proof of their existence?”
Fetohep ended the little history lesson there. He turned to look at Teres, expectant. Concerned, as a ruler. Surely something had prompted this question. Some sign.
Teresa Atwood shrugged.
“No. I just thought it would be cool. How about werewolves, then?”
The ruler of Khelt stared at Teres. After a moment he shook his head and looked past her.
“…Where is your sibling? I find his company far more agreeable.”
“On special business. Don’t ask me where. I’m not allowed to say. Flos didn’t even have him fight in the war—not that he needs to. We’re in peace talks. Which is why I’m here. He told me to take a break and placate you.”
Teres folded her arms. Fetohep eyed her.
“In that, the King of Destruction miscalculates both our natures greatly.”
“You said it. Okay—question. I know you’ve probably forgotten, but…what’s the most attractive species in the world? I’m just curious. Or—the most sensual or something?”
“Centaurs.”
Teresa blinked. She peered at Fetohep, but his poker face, as it were, was invincible. She had no idea if he was messing with her or not.
“Would you like me to summon a Centaur for companionship to see the truth of my statement? There are a number within Khelt.”
“Wh—no!”
Fetohep nodded.
“Then come with me. I think there is something that may interest you, for whatever reason you brought Vampires up. Servants, leave us.”
He led Teres out of the dining room. The young woman walked down the vast hallways as lights grew to illuminate their passage.
Down she walked, down staircases and ramps. The King of Khelt ignored her questions and proceeded at a steady pace. He walked past hundreds of paintings of the most important figures of their age, each created by the greatest [Artist] of that era. Some stared after Teres, or moved.
The King of Khelt passed by an artwork that spanned an entire hallway so vast that it took Teres twelve minutes of jogging to get to the other end of. It was so cold—but she could have walked into the painting and made a snowball. She wished Trey was here; it wasn’t fun by herself.
Down, they went, taking a magical elevator that passed by a suite that one of Khelt’s kings had filled with treasures to impress one of his guests and found too odious to remove. Down, past—
The point was they went a long ways. Until they passed by a set of vast doors so tall that Teres nearly hurt her neck trying to stare up.
“Where…where are we?”
“The armory of Khelt. I have had a weapon forged for battling Vampires brought out. Now—I shall show you its function. This way.”
