7.46 K
Page 4
A pair of undead guardians with glowing eyes put something around Fetohep’s form. A…crystalline armor set, hollow, made of some strange material that let Teres see what looked like a swirling mass of storm clouds compressed to a razor’s thinness inside the armor.
Fetohep led her back to the elevator. Teres groaned, and he looked at her as he stepped onto the floating platform.
“We will take the direct route back, not the scenic one. To the rooftops.”
“The scenic—”
Teres’ stomach stayed on the armory floor. The rest of her shot up with Fetohep on the magical platform.
Fetohep stepped out onto a balcony, one of many on his palace’s roofs. This gave him a commanding view of his magnificent city of wonders and the vast desert beyond, some of it turned green by Khelt’s vast water stores. Teres hugged the ground behind him.
He was quite pleased by that.
“Now, look up, Teresa Atwood. You asked a question only out of curiosity. But here is my answer. If there were Vampires who dared to try to invade Chandrar once more, I would slay them thusly.”
Fetohep raised his hands and clapped them once. Teres, opening her mouth to shout something at Fetohep about safety regulations and elevator speeds—saw the clouds swirling in the crystal armor move. They parted—
And the sun came out. Fetohep’s armor did not merely…glow. Or illuminate. The sun itself shone from his armor.
Blinding. The people of Khelt looked up, wondering why the sun had suddenly risen. So bright was the light that Teres couldn’t s—
No, she could see. She should have been blinded. But somehow, everything was thrown into clearer relief, not just made dazzling. She dared to look up and saw him.
“A true [King] does not need to even look at his foe, much less stir himself for lesser foes.”
Fetohep shone as he stood there. His armor unleashed the contained radiation of the sun’s light like a beacon, illuminating the night for miles around.
He looked down at her. Teres stared at his armor.
“It—it’s beautiful.”
The magical fire in Fetohep’s sockets flickered. He had only meant to impress on Teres his power. This armor could slay a legion of lesser Vampires. But she stared at the workmanship of the armor as much as the magic.
“It is a masterpiece, isn’t it? Another creation of Serept.”
“Oh! The creator of the Diamond Swords? I saw them on the scrying orb! And you! He made these too?”
Fetohep gestured and the light went out. He eyed Teres to see if she was being facetious again, but she looked fascinated.
“Only naturally. Serept was a Smithing-King, who in life reached a level few [Blacksmiths] dared to imagine. He worked to forge crystalline artifacts—it was something of a motif. He took it to extremes—the Diamond Swords, armor made of quartz, battleaxes forged from a single ruby, and so on and so on…the more garish of his creations I hesitate to display. Some have made their way into the world, but I have a collection.”
“Can I—can I see it?”
Fetohep looked at Teres as she scrambled up eagerly.
“You have an appreciation for craftsmanship?”
“I love it. Wait. Do you have other artifacts I can see?”
“Countless thousands. Come with me.”
The two looked at each other as they descended once more. Fetohep casually removed the armor—treating it with a warrior’s courtesy. This unexpected connection over weaponry was startling and not altogether pleasing to either. As they descended at a slower pace—Fetohep could have actually made the dais descend so fast Teres would free-fall—she looked at him.
