7.46 K
Page 13
“Take a room. It’s shared space until we get to Wistram. And that’s four days if we get the right current and with wind spells; twice that if we run into delays.”
She had a bored expression, like the other recruiter. Trey looked at the identical cabins.
“Which one…?”
“Any empty one.”
The [Mage]—a Drake—gave him a disinterested look. Trey was doing his best not to stare at the spines on her neck or her scales, which were a pale purple. He looked around, and before he could pick at random, someone stuck out a hand from one of the open cabins and waved.
“Hey, we’ve got room for at least one more in here.”
The [Mage]’s head snapped up.
“That’s not necessary, sir. We can arrange for a private bunk—”
“Oh, go on. No sense in making other people double up, is there? Long as he’s alright with my friend—hey buddy!”
Someone called cheerfully. Trey stepped forwards and saw a young man lounging on a bed as something rustled around below the bunk. He waved as the Wistram [Mage] bit her lip and swished her tail.
“You afraid of dogs, mate?”
“Er. No?”
The stranger gave Trey a thumbs-up. He had an interesting accent. For instance, ‘go on’ had been turned into ‘gwan’, and…Trey’s eyes flickered towards the worn jacket and clothing. And the logo in colors this world didn’t possess.
“Mister—Mister Flynn, there’s really no need—”
“’S fine. Don’t worry about it. Hey, nice to meet you. The name’s Flynn. Flynn Patel.”
The young man offered a hand. Trey shook it, glancing at whatever was rustling under the bed.
“—Troy Atlas. Nice to meet you.”
Flynn had darker skin than Trey’s, and tanned. He was more muscular as well and older. He had left his hat on the bunk. His eyes looked Trey up and down.
The young man knew he had no signs of Earth on him from his clothing. He carried a magical staff, the one taken from the [Geomancer], and Fetohep had gifted him a shirt and trousers that were both enchanted. He looked like the son of a lesser noble house, and he even carried a few other magical artifacts.
“Nice staff. What, are you a student for this Wistram Academy?”
“That’s right. I’m an aspiring [Mage]. Aren’t you?”
Trey knew the answer before Flynn grinned and sat down on the bunk. Trey would have to sleep above on either side of the small cabin; someone had messed up the bunk opposite Flynn’s.
“Not exactly. I’d love to learn magic. But uh—I was recruited. I don’t know a lick about magic. I’ve been roughing it around here for the last few months. Say…Troy Atlas. That’s an interesting name.”
“Really?”
Trey gave Flynn a blank look. And his heart began racing. Here it was. What did he do?
Gazi had given him a set of goals, a lot of minute details, but from here on out—Trey was on his own. She couldn’t help him—at least—not like this. So he had a decision to make.
“It’s not that unusual a name. Where I come from.”
Trey sat back as casually as he could. Flynn studied him as the rustling thing under his bunk made a weird, growling noise.
“Really? Everyone I’ve met is Zenra Silk, or Meura Hemp.”
“You mean, Stitchfolk. That’s common in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Flynn Patel is sort of interesting too.”
The young man ducked his head. Now he was watching Trey.
“Well, my mother’s…from another country. India. Ever heard of it?”
Trey feigned ignorance. His heart was beating out of his chest. But—it was also fun. He kept the smile from moving across his face.
“No…no, not really. Is that on Terandria or Izril? Baleros? I haven’t been to the other continents before.”
He saw Flynn deflate. He sat back against his bunk, shaking his head.
