7.46 K
Page 27
“It’s more for the nobility. No risk of injury. Fencing…fencing isn’t a good style for mass battles. We require space, where most [Soldiers] fight in close formations, with armor, shields—that’s why people call [Fencers] snobbish, or outdated to actual combat. A nobleman’s Skill.”
“It worked pretty well against the King of Destruction.”
He smiled.
“True. Now—if you want to win either sport or a fight, you need better footwork.”
“It’s good enough!”
“It’s predictable. You always circle left. See? Now show me some unpredictability…”
 
—-
 
It cost him an hour. But it was worth the price of it to see Jecaina smile, to feel light and free. Raelt wiped at the sweat and rainwater on his brow.
“Thanks, father.”
“We’ll have more chances to practice soon. Stay out of trouble until then, or I’ll take away your foil.”
He lied to her. He wasn’t sure. But it was worth it to see her smile. Raelt watched her walk off to get clean. He probably didn’t have time to. Well, it wasn’t like the others could smell him through the scrying mirror.
Time to decide. Raelt…closed his eyes. War or peace?
“Geril. Where is…Lyfelt?”
The [Prime Minister] and his family were a guest of Raelt’s. A guest…but Lyfelt was under guard. He could neither run nor be harmed. Raelt had intended it to protect his friend from the wrath of his people. But now—it felt like he was holding Lyfelt to die.
“In his quarters, your Majesty.”
“I should talk to him.”
It was a bad idea. Raelt felt he’d be swayed to continue the war. But he was compelled to.
And—damn it. He had been right. This entire war’s start felt like ages ago, but he had been right! Flos Reimarch had been prepared to execute innocent people! Over an atrocity, yes. The death of those poor Gnolls. But he had still been wrong.
Yet, that felt like an old reason. They were past it. Now it was war. Raelt sighed.
“Take me to…”
“Your Majesty! A visitor has come to the palace!”
Raelt turned. A [Servant] was hurrying towards him. Geril intercepted him.
“Who? The King’s Steward?”
Had he gotten word about the secret pact? Raelt’s heart began to race. But the visitor’s name astounded both him and Geril.
“No, sire. It’s—the Quarass of Germina.”
 
—-
 
The Quarass of Germina walked through the palace’s gates, unmolested by the guards or anyone else. She left her escort behind and walked forwards. She had given her word she had come in peace, and Raelt had allowed her entrance.
After all—the Quarass had sworn it by Ger. And as she walked through the palace of Jecrass, she received a far different welcome than she might have gotten in Reim. If Trey Atwood had been there—he would have understood at once.
It was the distance of friendship, and history. The King of Destruction respected little of tradition. It was why he clashed with Fetohep, and treated the Quarass as a wary ally. Reim had dealt with Germina from a remove for most of his reign, an uneasy subordinate given the last Quarass’ personality.
But Jecrass had long been neighbors to the Shield Kingdom of Germina. So as the Quarass walked through the palace, she was besieged.
By [Servants], folk, old and young. They came to her, begging, offering praise, looking for…
“Great Quarass—my son walks with a limp, and he’s but six years. His leg was twisted in birth. Is there any way to fix…?”
“Quarass, the brewing of the draught to stop bleeding—my mother knew it, but the recipe was lost in a fire. Is it…?”
“Should we be growing yellats again this year or another crop? We’ve had smaller harvests each year for the last four, but…”
