7.46 K
Page 15
The football game. Trey sighed. Flynn seemed in good spirits for someone who’d had to survive on his wits alone, even fighting monsters the last few months.
But perhaps that was because of his companion. The snuffling under Flynn’s bunk turned into a shape at last as Flynn broke out some dried meat and shared it around. It was spiced, and made Trey’s mouth water pleasantly. And drawn by the smell, a long-nosed dog wuffed by Trey’s foot.
“Gah!”
“Oh, don’t mind Pricky. She’s just hungry. Here you go, girl. Troy, meet my partner and the only reason I’m still alive. Pricky, say hi.”
Flynn offered the meat to the strange animal that came out of the bunk. Trey looked down and saw…well, he thought it was a dog.
It looked like one. A longer muzzle, almost like a triangle, and small mouth. The dog was just a bit below midsized, with a dark brown coat. She looked fairly strong and she had sharp teeth. But what was confusing about her was…her hair.
It was spiky. There was just no other word for it. The hair seemed to clump together into tufts that looked sharp to the touch. And as Prickly noticed Trey, the hairs stirred and rose a bit.
“Er—Flynn? What is that?”
“Her? This is Pricky, a Needlehound. It’s like if a cactus crossed with a regular dog. She’s the first friendly animal I met. Was dying of thirst in the heat. I gave her some water and then—bam [Beast Tamer]. I was looking for a Pokeball at the shops, you know? Go on, give her a scratch. Prickly, this is a friend. Friend.”
Flynn laughed. He carefully smoothed Pricky’s fur one way, telling Trey to carefully touch her. Trey did so—and he found the fur was soft. It moved around his fingers.
“Her hair’s like a porcupine, only a lot more complex. If she’s mad or doesn’t like you—they turn into spines. She just has to rub you wrong and you’re in trouble. They can get sharp; she brought down this Bicorn by jumping on its back and just shredding the poor bugger. With me and anyone else though, there’s no reason to worry.”
Pricky was the one on the opposite bunk. That was out of necessity; even as her master, Flynn couldn’t sleep with her without the danger of her accidentally triggering her needle-hairs in her sleep.
“I hope this ‘Academy of Mages’ has enough room for her to run about. I hear it’s just one island. But I couldn’t leave her behind. I’d have gone mad without her looking after me, monsters aside.”
Flynn rubbed her ears affectionately. The dog rolled over, making a ‘frrrfhh’ sound in the back of her throat.
“So you just heard about Wistram?”
The [Beast Tamer] nodded. He seemed excited by the prospect of going there.
“It’s a relief there’s somewhere we can go. And—I’m hoping to find some friends there. Or news of what the hell happened on Earth. Where did you come from?”
“England. I was just…walking down the street with my—myself. And then I was here.”
Flynn glanced up.
“Huh. Did you hear about other people going missing? Was there any—sign?”
“No. Not at all. I just—appeared suddenly. What about you?”
The smile went away from Flynn’s face. He sat on the bunk, folding his hands between his legs as Prickly went back under the bunk. There was food, refreshments, anything the two young men wanted thanks to the Wistram [Mages]. Trey was certain they’d be four to a room and less well-attended if they hadn’t been from Earth.
