7.46 K
Page 5
“You were…probably kidding about the Centaurs. And I see that Vampires wouldn’t uh, take Khelt easily. Or at all if they’re smart.”
Fetohep lifted one hand in agknowledgement, waiting. Teres bit her lip.
“But seriously. If you hate Vampires but know you can beat them—is there a species you…fear?”
The undead king paused. He inspected Teres’ face, then replied softly.
“Drakes.”
She snorted. But this time, Fetohep looked completely serious.
“My answer is serious, Teresa Atwood. Drakes and their ancestors, the Dragons, are the reason the Shield Kingdoms came to be. When they united, they drove Gnolls to hide beneath the earth. They made such war that legends were made of the nations who opposed them and lived. Neither you nor I have witnessed dragonfire pouring from a hundred thousand Drakes. And that was but the children. Working together with their parents, the Dragons, they were virtually unstoppable.”
“Oh. But Orthenon says that his M—Flos nearly got to Izril. He says that if they’d landed and reinforced Amerys, they might have really pushed the Drakes back.”
Fetohep flicked this assertion away like a bug.
“Certainly in the modern day, Drakes are weaker. And that is for the best. Their weakness comes from infighting. Teresa Atwood, the reason behind the Drake hegemony’s fall can be summed up simply. The only reason Drakes ever lost and Dragons were finally destroyed was that they began to battle each other. If they had not—a thousand Khelts would have fallen before them. It is nothing but realism to acknowledge this fact.”
“Oh, I see.”
Teresa fell silent. After a while, she looked at the vast palace they passed by and sighed.
“What is it?”
Fetohep saw her look up, almost wistfully.
“It seems like all the big battles and empires and legends were before us, doesn’t it?”
Fetohep shook his head slightly.
“The young always say such things. In this case, the—heights of power may be less than they were. That is true. But do not be so wistful. Here is a lesson from me. Be very grateful, Teresa Atwood, that Flos Reimarch is the name that shakes the hearts of millions. In the days we spoke of, he would be an average [King], possibly a good one compared to his peers. But nothing more.”
“And what about you?”
Teresa looked up challengingly. She saw Fetohep’s yellowed teeth in his preserved skull grinning at her. The King of Khelt spoke.
“I? A weak king of the undead. Difficult to invade, rich, wise, certainly. But weak once past the borders of my nation. The reason Khelt is the power it is today, Teresa Atwood, is because we kept all that other nations lost. Now, let us talk of lighter things. This way, you will see the most ridiculous item Serept ever forged. A halberd for a giant.”
A door opened. Teres’ jaw dropped.
“That’s not real. There are so many gems—why would you make something like this?”
“I think it was a bet. Another lesson—the most excessive things usually are the product of some bet. If you will follow me…”
 
—-
 
Teresa Atwood didn’t really hate Fetohep. Rather, it was accurate to say that she didn’t understand or gel with him.
Trey now—Trey was good at being impressed, especially by history and his clear respect for the [King] was what Fetohep liked. There was something else as well—Trey was better at treating Fetohep like a person.
Teres’ version of that was to poke Fetohep or Flos, needle them. Flos enjoyed that more than Fetohep.
