7.46 K
Page 20
It had been refreshingly simple. Jecrass would cede nearly a quarter of its lands, mainly the borders, to Reim. It would become, in effect, a vassal kingdom, bound by the magical contract to pay tribute. It would not be allowed to declare war, a portion of its resources, soldiers, sent to Reim for a duration of fifteen years, pending renegotiation…
It was really, a very neat contract. Raelt was surprised at the generosity of some of it. For instance—he got to live if he agreed to the peace. Jecaina wouldn’t be held for ransom.
“King Reimarch trusts me a great deal to let me live.”
Orthenon’s eyes flickered.
“His Majesty respects valor in combat. The magic will bind you, King Raelt. The exchange of hostages?”
Hostages. They were dead. Lyfelt, his officials…Raelt looked up. This was where the ‘negotiations’ got hard. Because he had no cards to play. Nothing to threaten Flos with and both men knew it. However—
“Not his family. Or the families of the officials.”
“Excuse me?”
The Steward’s face was cold. Raelt inhaled slowly. He pressed two fingers together.
“Not. Their families. They’re surely innocent of his Majesty’s wrath.”
“This is not a negotiation. His Majesty—”
Raelt actually raised his voice to the living legend sitting across from him.
“I am aware of his Majesty’s fury. However. I would remind King Reimarch that he did not demand their families at Belchan. Nor could Lyfelt’s family conceivably be held to blame; how could they have known?”
That was a new addition to the terms. Orthenon frowned.
“His Majesty did not consider slaying each family member outright. But they will foment rebellion against him.”
“I’m aware, Steward Orthenon. But they will be twice as likely to attack Reim in captivity, even if they are not slain. For the—the appearance of it. Let me take charge of them. I will prevent them from seeking retribution.”
The Steward frowned darkly. He stood up, and walked to the windows, regarding the rain. Four Scrolls of Weatherchange had done that. A small fortune, to awe Reim’s armies.
“…The contract will need to be amended. The section under ‘Obligations of the Crown’.”
Raelt nodded and took a breath. And he remembered as he haggled with Orthenon over the terms that Lyfelt died. His officials died, the instant Raelt signed.
It was a bloody peace worthy of the King of Destruction. But what choice did he have?
As Orthenon left that evening to collect his ruler’s will, he turned to Raelt.
“The contract will be signed by dawn tomorrow, your Majesty. Or King Reimarch will break off the peace negotiations. I will return before midnight at the latest with the final draft.”
“I understand.”
Raelt met the man’s eyes. Then he let Orthenon leave. The trembling servants stepped aside as the Steward left the palace and rode like an arrow towards the King of Destruction’s camp, just visible in the distance.
Then Raelt went to consult his other option.
 
—–
 
“If I refuse the contract, it will be war unrelenting. He is within range of my capital. Within a day, it will be a siege—and since my walls are not exactly those of the Blighted Kingdom or a Walled City of Izril, it will be fighting in the streets by noon at the latest! And still, you won’t guarantee a declaration of war?”
Raelt looked at the three figures in the mirror that could convince him to continue the fight. One was a half-Elf, the Speaker of the Trees for Claiven Earth, someone Raelt didn’t know. It didn’t matter—the position wasn’t permanent among them.
