7.46 K
Page 45
The King of Destruction looked ahead. And his army laughed. Now—now Perric was counting troops.
He had his capital’s army. Flos had his vanguard with the King’s Steward and the Illusionist. They were still several hours behind Jecrass’ forces, but they were crossing the border too. The High King made a rapid decision.
“Get the [Princess]. Raelt will turn and fight! Capture her! Put a sword to her throat and if he doesn’t turn now—”
He roared. Raelt was in sight of the wagon now.
It was like a picture out of stories. The desperate [King], riding at the head of his army, through the night to save his daughter. The shining army of Medain, poised for battle with the [High King] and his elites.
In the distance, the King of Destruction’s army, moving out from a pass between valleys. Laughing, ready for war.
A story. But Raelt just wanted his daughter back. He had never been more afraid. He saw the fighting around her. But he didn’t see her.
The distant coast was illuminating as the sun set. The wind blew a few sails in the distance. Raelt gasped for air.
There!
“Jecaina!”
She was hanging limp. The Gold-rank Captain and two of his surviving adventurers had taken horses. They were fighting clear. Moving towards the heavy [Lancers] and [Knights] bearing down on them.
Too late. Too late! Raelt saw the Gold-rank turn. His sword was at Jecaina’s throat. The [King of Challenges] screamed. He aimed his blade. Closer and he’d step across the distance.
“Stop or she dies!”
The Gold-rank of the Silvereyes was terrified. He dug his blade into Jecaina’s throat until blood ran. Raelt hesitated. But his army was coming. They had to get to her.
“I said—”
The Gold-rank saw that the [King] was willing to risk it, or too mad with rage and fear to slow. So he changed his grip. He lifted Jecaina’s wrist—
And dug his sword’s blade into her hand. Raelt saw the blade shear into her hand.
“Stop.”
He slowed. The Gold-rank Captain was tensed. Ready to cut through her sword arm. He looked over his shoulder as Jecrass’ army slowed.
It was enough.
“We have archers, sire…”
Raelt held up a hand. The others were poised around the Gold-rank Captain. To cut at Jecaina. The heartless monsters. Could the arrows bring them all down before…?
The Captain glanced over his shoulder. The first [Lancers] streamed towards him, less than a hundred paces away. He laughed as he saw the [King of Challenges] just standing there. Jecaina’s hand bled, limply, as the unconscious [Princess] lay there.
“Let’s go!”
He turned, racing towards, the High King’s army. Jecrass’ forces hesitated. Waiting. Looking at their [King].
Another impossible choice. Her hand or…? Raelt heard horns blowing. The King of Destruction’s army, far behind. Perhaps—perhaps—he looked over his shoulder.
At Flos Reimarch. The King of Destruction was watching through the scrying orb.
“Wait, Raelt. Wait, and I will give you your daughter.”
He spoke, as if to convince Raelt, though no spell connected the two. High King Perric was shouting.
“Turn your army and fight him! We have her!”
The first [Lancer] reached the Gold-rank Captain. He reached for Jecaina. The Gold-rank [Captain] gasped with relief. He lifted the [Princess], lifting his sword away and Raelt made a sound of despair. He saw a flicker—
The [Lancer] disappeared. The Gold-rank adventurer blinked. He stared forwards.
The warrior’s armor was split in twain, as was his body. He slid from the horse. And there was silence.
 
—-
 
“Mars?”
Teres turned in her saddle. She poked at the [Vanguard], Mars the Illusionist. Mars blinked back at her.
“What?”
