7.46 K
Page 44
The wagon was going to reach Medain’s forces before Raelt’s main army. And Medain’s forces were fresh. All they had to do was keep the wagon moving and it would be behind Perric’s army and in the capital.
It was going to—
Another [Trick Rider] charged the escort of a hundred. This time he was close enough. An arrow struck his horse and it screamed. But the man pointed. And vanished.
[Flicker Charge].
The Gold-ranks ran through the place he had been. The [Lancers] missed. The [Trick Rider] was at the wagon. He saw the Silvereyes’ leader aiming a wand.
“Horses forgive me.”
The man spoke. Jecaina saw his blade flash. The horses screamed. And the wagon skidded as the animals fell. The wheels snapped and the entire carriage spilled to the side.
The [Trick Rider] vanished in a spray of acid, crying out as he was surrounded. The Gold-ranks in the wagon were thrown as the vehicle crashed. Jecaina was knocked across the wagon.
But her bonds were loosened. The [Duelist Princess] struggled. She kicked, got one leg free. She was lying on her back. The door. She had to—
“Get her!”
The Gold-rank Captain grabbed her. He was dizzy; his head was bleeding. Jecaina kicked him in the face, her hands still bound. She struggled towards the door. Crawled out. The wagon was tilted, stopped—Jecaina struggled out of one door.
“Stop her!”
One of the Gold-ranks kicked her in the side. Jecaina felt the impact, struggled forwards—someone brought down the hilt of their sword on her head. she kept moving until three more people hit her and she stopped.
“Pick her up and get her on the horses—”
More of Jecrass’ riders were coming. They charged into the desperate adventurers and Medain’s [Soldiers], dying to slow them down.
“Full march. Move faster!”
High King Perric saw the wagon stop and the group, unable to advance. Now—if you calculated the speed—
Jecrass’ army was coming. The High King felt a knot in his stomach. Damn Raelt. This was not how the plan was supposed to work!
But it would work. If they just got her. The High King was so preoccupied with the skirmish around the [Princess] that he didn’t hear the [General] until the man had to grab Perric’s arm.
“High King! More forces are coming from the south!”
“I know that! Once we have the [Princess]—”
“No—sire! It’s not Jecrass. It’s—the King of Destruction.”
Perric slowly lowered the magnifying binoculars. And he turned his head south.
 
—-
 
The King of Destruction’s army was on the move. [Rapid March] let them move at twice the normal speed of any army. Not fast enough to catch horses. But—his entire vanguard was on the move.
They’d abandoned their war camp. Now, Shepherd Zamea and the half-Giants marched alongside the Serpent Hunters. The Rustängmarder were formed around the King of Destruction and Parasol Stroll.
Teres rode next to Mars.
They were coming. Flos Reimarch’s actions were a mystery to Perric at first.
“The capital was open! He could have taken it!”
And in that he misjudged Flos, just like Raelt. The King of Destruction was after bigger prey.
“Milord, you swore an oath to not make war unjustly!”
The [Vanguard] reminded her liege. Orthenon was riding ahead, chasing after Raelt and Jecaina.
“Nonsense, Mars. I’m just pursuing my foe. And—someone who kidnaps a [Princess], well—I think we should demand she be returned to King Raelt. Then we can sort out this terrible business of war.”
The Illusionist grinned.
“And if High King Perric objects?”
“I’m sure he’s a reasonable man. And if he’s not willing to hand over the Princess of Jecrass at once—well, that would be terrible.”
