7.46 K
Page 8
Teres squinted up at Fetohep as they walked upwards, towards the surface.
“You think so? King Raelt killed one of Zamea’s people by himself.”
He nodded again.
“And he has proven himself a fierce beast hiding behind the cloth of a [King]. One wonders what he might have been if aroused to fury beforehand in wars with Medain. But King Perric never pushed Raelt of Jecrass so far. No—this ‘King of Duels’ is fierce. But he is one man. And he fights an army led by the people whom stories were told about decades ago. One lion versus a pride of them is not a fair battle, or entertaining to see.”
“True. I just wish it had been over faster.”
Teres twisted her lips. Again Fetohep admonished her.
“Flos Reimarch was in no hurry to end the war. His armies have leveled from the fighting which ever favored him. If he wanted to end it—he would have used his greatest Skill. You have not seen him truly rampage, Teresa Atwood. I pray you remember that when you return to his side.”
She glanced up at him, suspiciously.
“Never rampaged…? I was there at Belchan when he threatened to execute the Prime Minister and hundreds of people.”
The undead king’s eyes flashed.
“That is only the beginning of why they call him King of Destruction. The reason no other nation interfered directly in the war with Jecrass and Reim outside of covert support is that they are still afraid of his Skill. But it is a single hammer he may use; once exhausted it takes too long to wield again. While it is unused, others tremble.”
Teresa glanced up again, narrowing her eyes. What did Fetohep mean by that? He just regarded her.
“Is he going to have to use it soon, your Majesty?”
“In this war? Doubtful.”
That was all Fetohep said. He ushered Teresa out of his presence and retired to his quarters. He was a king of a nation secluded from others, famously independent. But that did not mean Fetohep was out of touch with the world around him. Far from it. He consulted the news coming to him through various channels. And—directed more of them across the ocean. Towards that ancient place.
The home of Mages.
 
—-
 
The ruler of Khelt was not the only one who missed Trey Atwood these days. The strange young man, who could be endearing or aggravating, was nonetheless…a friend to a number of people.
Even if he was a foreigner. Nawalishifra of Clan Tannousin could have used him now, though. There was something about Trey that was reliable.
She could talk to him without being berated as if she was the ass of some disobedient mule in the middle of a sandstorm. Everyone else in her clan—especially those older than her—refused to listen. Nawal was in that uncomfortable position of being Clan Tannousin’s best [Smith], as well as being a woman, and younger than most of her venerable elders.
It created an imbalance in the relationships. When she had to speak, they sometimes ignored her. When she needed council, it was given as orders rather than advice.
Well—she spoke now, taking the full authority and responsibility of her position. And Nawal couldn’t help but feel bitter that her aunt, Bezhavil, Silmak, the ‘official head’, and Hesseif were all standing behind her letting her lie.
“Lord Venith, Lady Maresar, our work progresses slowly but surely. The forging of Naq-Alrama steel requires many steps, as you know. We may only work by blue moon and now—in this stage—the radiance of the sun at its zenith. Of course, in the times when we are not working, we will produce more blades to the King of Destruction.”
