7.46 K
Page 30
For the taste, the pure quill of it—rich demáy root-tree juice mixed in to give it that succulent flavor, all over yellats for the spice and filling. Cheap—plentiful, and the dish could go with flatbread as well on the road.
The three were offered a single pot and they dipped bread as they ate. The Quarass had a good appetite, but she looked wistful as she chewed.
“Delicious as always. I have gone to many nations, but this meal is best eaten in Jecrass.”
“You’ve had it before, Quarass? Er—”
Raelt saw Geril cover a smile and flushed. That was a stupid question to ask the Quarass. She just smiled.
“It brings back fond memories, King Leysars. The first nomad-kings of Jecrass offered me this very dish when we met. Ever since, I have tried to eat it with the ruler of Jecrass once.”
“I see. Well, I am honored…”
Raelt chewed slowly and savored the bite. It did fill him up; he realized he’d eaten poorly—that was to say not at all—this morning.
“May I ask now, Quarass, why you have come? Even on a journey, it is unlike you to intercede in a moment like this. We might well be under siege come the morrow.”
She gave him a knowing look.
“Or at peace. You stand, Raelt Leysars, at a crossroads. And this Quarass would like to speak, whether it changes nothing or everything. But before I speak of that—let us sit. And remember peace. Such things are best savored with meals.”
She was right. Raelt ducked his head. It was Geril who spoke up.
“Ah, peace, Quarass? I remember it fondly. Jecrass under the King Raelt and his father has been kind to me.”
She nodded.
“There have been far poorer days Jecrass has known. I myself recall the horse fairs with great fondness of these last few decades.”
Yes. Peace. Raelt closed his eyes. In peace, Jecrass looked so different from now. Today—it was all just moving battle lines, fortifications, armies fighting.
But without war, Jecrass was wonderful. He complained about the River Wardens, oranges, and rebellious daughters…but the King of Jecrass knew the good parts as well.
Horse fairs, with mundane and magical beasts attracted visitors from across the world who bid on the best animals. Jecrass, fed by rivers and storms like these, was a wonderful land to ride about in. Snow would even frost the ground lightly in the winters.
“I suppose there won’t be time to visit Hellios or Germina come fall.”
He spoke regretfully. The Quarass nodded.
“Not for some time to come.”
It was tradition, when no wars were taking place, for Belchan, Hellios, Jecrass, and Germina’s peoples to cross borders and trade with each season. Each nation had a specialty; for instance, summers belonged to Jecrass in bloom. Magical goods came from Belchan and they had one of their large winter celebrations each year.
In fall, it was best to go to Germina, to trade for pieces of art. Ger’s mud-brick city was beautiful then, and you could wait there for a chance to petition the Quarass for a bit of wisdom. In the spring, go to Hellios for the Celebration of Stone—to find the best [Masons] or [Builders] with their designs…
Raelt had taken Jecaina as a girl to Belchan to watch the mage-lights. That had been her first sight of real magic, back when he was a new father and she was toddling around.
Those were good years. Now—he opened his eyes and saw the distant smoke from Flos’ war camps. And—the Quarass.
She was just watching him. Her conversation with Geril had ended as he thought.
“You remind me of the past, Quarass. Do you think it’s wise that I sue for peace?”
The Quarass gave Raelt a small nod.
