7.46 K
Page 41
“Your Majesty! Jecrass’ army is on the move! King Raelt has left the capital and he is riding at the border! He—he’s declared war!”
Perric dropped the goblet.
 
—-
 
“What?”
Flos Reimarch blinked blearily at Teres, who’d come to wake him.
“The army’s moving!”
She had seen it from afar as the [Scouts] sounded the alarm. In the distance, thousands, tens of thousands of [Riders] were streaking from the capital.
“That makes no sense. Prepare for battle. If he thinks a sneak attack will work, we’re dug in…”
The King of Destruction was confused in his sleep. But as he rose and burst from his tents, his eyes narrowed.
“That’s not an organized formation. Orthenon! What happened to the negotiations?”
“I haven’t left.”
The Steward rode towards Flos. He had been preparing to leave. The King of Destruction whirled.
“Someone find out what is happening. I…”
His eyes turned towards the capital which was blowing horns, and the army shooting north. His head swiveled and he grinned, his teeth shining by moonlight.
“I sense something interesting. An opportunity.”
 
—-
 
“Perric!”
Raelt howled. He had never hated a man before. Disliked them. His River Wardens—who had turned out to be brave. He thought he had hated Flos Reimarch.
But no—this was hate. Raelt shot across the ground, his horse riding full-tilt.
“Your Majesty! Y—”
They were riding around him. General Lael, Geril—they were trying to catch up. Raelt had been first out of the palace and the city gates. Only the [Trick Riders] and those with riding Skills were catching up.
“Faster! Find them!”
The Quarass’ [Message] had lit his blood on fire. An adventuring team, a Gold-rank team had kidnapped his daughter! They had four hours nearly on him and they were making for Medain’s border.
Perric was trying to abduct Jecaina. Raelt needed no explanations as to why. That man—if he touched Jecaina, tried to add her to his harem of species—
Raelt was going to murder Perric. Then the Gold-rank team. He dug his heels into the horse’s sides. Faster. Faster! It raced forwards, fueled by his rage.
“Raelt. Desist! Your daughter is in my grasp!”
Raelt’s head turned. One of his [Trick Riders] had a small scrying mirror. And there he was.
“Perric! Release my daughter or I’ll cut your head off and feed it to the worms!”
The man howled at the High King. Perric hesitated. He had not seen Raelt like this. He braced himself.
“Your daughter is already across the border! Halt your advance if you want her unharmed. This is what is going to happen. You are going to declare war on the King of Destruction and—”
“Perric. I am going to kill you!”
The High King tried to say something. Raelt’s hand blurred. The [Trick Rider] recoiled as the tip of the rapier punched through the scrying mirror.
“Faster! Anyone with Skills, find those adventurers and cut them off!”
“[Ride Commander], forwards!”
General Lael shouted. One of Jecrass’ commanders raced to the head of the vanguard. He shouted.
“[Lightning Hooves]!”
The horses around Raelt and the [Trick Riders] accelerated. For a minute—two—eight—they blazed across the road. Then the Skill wore off.
“Back! Next commander!”
A [Captain of the Horse] replaced the [Ride Commander]. Behind them, other officers were using their Skills, frantically burning away the ground. Raelt felt a second Skill boosting him, across the other ones. But it wasn’t enough.
Raelt pushed them faster. Faster!
The sun rose and began to set. The four hour’s lead shrank.
 
—-
 
