7.46 K
Page 6
But mainly—the difference was that if Trey got along with Fetohep and the Quarass better, Teres was more at home with Flos. Because the King of Destruction for all his power and vassals was the sort of person who’d happily bivouac and spend the day on campaign. The other two rulers—when Teres stood with Fetohep, she was reminded who he was.
It wasn’t just the sundae, prepared by a [Chef] from the finest of ingredients at her whim. That was close to Earth—even if Earth’s accessibility was a product of globalized markets and innovations in freezing, transportation, and manufacture while Khelt’s was just incredible skill and wealth. You could get a sundae in each world, even if Khelt’s was better in every way.
But another to see Fetohep’s treasures. An enchanted, jeweled halberd made for a giant. Even Zamea would have had trouble lifting it.
Moreover…Fetohep’s conversation with Teres about weaponry meant that they were actually engaged in a lively, agreeable dialogue for once. The last time she’d been here to ‘entertain’ him, he’d ended up demonstrating his abilities with a sword and Teres had been thoroughly smacked around, despite her levels and Orthenon’s training.
This time? Night had long since fallen, but the first time Teres yawned, she was handed a small goblet. She blinked at it.
“A revitalizing draught. Drink it if you wish to continue our conversation.”
Fetohep saw Teres drink, grimacing, but the tonic wasn’t unpleasant. For once, it tasted refreshing—even fruity! She blinked.
“What is this? A stamina potion?”
She felt her exhaustion just—vanish. Not like stamina potions where you were given a shot of energy but had to pay the piper in the end. Fetohep nodded to the servant and he stepped away, bowing.
“A Potion of Revitalization. Somewhat more impressive than…stamina potions. Let us continue onwards.”
Teres smacked her lips.
“Wh—how much does one cost?”
“Mm. I do not count numbers. But I would estimate, at least eighty gold coins? Then again, the level of [Alchemists] varies. Once, Sage’s Grass was so expensive…”
Fetohep walked on. Teres stopped licking her lips, appalled.
“Isn’t—isn’t that expensive? I mean—I know you’re rich, your Majesty…”
He looked amused.
“What is wealth, if not to be used in munificence, Teresa Atwood? Certainly, it is well to acquire and preserve it. Yet I am Ruler of Khelt. My visitors, of which I have entertained few, will never leave my realm without singing praises of my hospitality. Have I not said it? Anything you might wish can be granted here. You and your brother are curiously reluctant to accept my gifts. Well—I gifted him a few small favors the last time we parted.”
“Favors? Like what?”
“Ah, a spell tome. A few liquid draughts. And as I perceived his garb was nothing more than mundane cloth—a fitting set of clothing to go with his staff.”
“Enchanted?”
“Do I possess articles of clothing that are not magical in some way? This way to observe some quite interesting chariots. I believe each one comes from a different era of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, beginning at the empire’s inception. All taken from enemy commanders in battle or acquired by similar means.”
Teres bit her lip on a snarky reply. She hesitated, staring at Fetohep’s back.
“If—do you have a bunch of magical swords I could borrow?”
The king stopped and Teres saw him glance back at her sword.
“Hm. The King’s Steward gave you that blade, did he not?”
“Yes…”
Teres felt embarrassed because it was a good sword. Enchanted with a few low-grade enchantments. Fetohep flicked his fingers.
