7.46 K
Page 33
“What is my other option, Quarass? Give up a third of my kingdom? Become a subordinate? Let Lyfelt and the others die? What would that make me?”
“A [King].”
She spoke severely. Raelt turned.
“A good [King] lets innocent people die?”
The Quarass slapped the table.
“For your nation? For your daughter and line? A good king would have damned ten times their number to death if it was for the best. Did you make war, King Raelt, for principle or practicality?”
“Principle.”
She nodded. The child waved a hand at him.
“That is where we differ. You are a kind [King], Raelt of Jecrass. That is good for peace. But war? When this conflict started, do you know what I would have done?”
“Tell me.”
Raelt gritted his teeth. The Quarass pointed south.
“I would have not fought the King of Destruction so. I would have taken ten thousand, twenty thousand of my fastest [Riders] and sent them south. To Hellios, Germina, and Reim most of all. Split them up, sent them in every direction to avoid detection.”
Raiding parties. The Quarass’ eyes glittered as she leaned forwards.
“I would have sent Jecrass’ cavalry forth scorching villages, towns, inciting cities to riot. Anywhere that did not declare against the King of Destruction I would have erased and slaughtered, to force the King of Destruction to defend as well as attack.”
“You would have slaughtered innocent people.”
She nodded.
“It appalls you. But consider that it would have worked. Make a mockery of his protection by heaping a village of corpses up and Flos Reimarch would take the bait. You could bait him to attack or defend. You never considered it. Because you are a good king. I would have enraged the King of Destruction, were I you. And I would have used poison.”
Raelt hung his head. It was true.
“So my decision? I am not asking you to choose, Quarass. But what would you do if you were me? Not King of Jecrass. But…a ‘good king’. One who’s conscience will weigh heavily on him no matter what he does?”
Either way, good people died to no reason. The Quarass thought for a moment. Then she stood up. She beckoned, and Raelt walked over. He leaned down and she whispered in his ear.
He expected some sage advice. Some platitude. But the Quarass just whispered to him.
“Whichever answer you can live with. Look ahead, and see how fate branches. Whichever route you can accept—which you will not wail and bemoan the rest of your life—that is the one to choose.”
Raelt straightened. He looked down at her, and the Quarass smiled. He felt…lighter. It was obvious, but when she put it like that—he knew. He had known.
“Thank you, Quarass.”
“I shall be on my way. You have much to do, Raelt of Jecrass. And I must go north. Farewell. I hope we will meet again.”
She nodded to him. He bowed, and the girl slipped from her seat and walked, barefoot, away. Geril escorted her, looking at his [King]. Raelt of Jecrass stood there for a second.
Then he walked away, to make his decision.
 
—-
 
“We are prepared to sign the contract. Publicly.”
Queen Yisame stood in the room, visible on the scrying mirror. High King Perric from the scrying orb. The Speaker of Trees in another, smaller mirror.
“Before Wistram?”
“Before Wistram and the world. My armies are preparing to advance. We’ll sweep across the border and into Belchan and liberate it.”
Perric waited in front of a grand table with two of his [Generals]. He had a [Mage] from Wistram ready to broadcast the announcement and he was royally annoyed—because Queen Yisame would sign first. He had argued that point the last hour, but it was done.
