7.46 K
Page 28
The girl walked among them, dressed in fine clothing, but so young. Until you looked at her eyes and saw the old being looking back.
It could terrify or disturb. But that force was a kindly one, here. She spoke to an old, perplexed [Nursemaid], repeating the list of ingredients for the birthing tonic. She turned to the [Farmer].
“You have taken too much from the fields. Plant beans, or a leafy product instead of yellats for at least two years. As for you, your son’s leg can be corrected, but it requires a [Healer] experienced in realigning flesh. Try…”
That was how Raelt found her. Dispensing Germina’s greatest treasure, her wisdom, to his people.
“Quarass of Germina. I greet you in the name of Jecrass. I regret that I did not have time to prepare a proper reception. We are at war. May I ask why you have come?”
The [King] sketched a wary bow. The Quarass inclined her head to him.
“King Leysars, I come in peace. Not at the command of the King of Destruction. Indeed—I only seek to rest here an hour or two at most before continuing my journey.”
“Where to, Quarass?”
“Northwards. I have no stake in this war. But curiosity and the bond between Jecrass and Germina compelled me to seek you out. Will you offer me the shade of your roofs?”
Raelt flushed and nodded.
“The shade of Jecrass and its rivers bid you welcome, Quarass. Geril, make her escort welcome. I will receive the Quarass…on the balcony.”
The girl gave him a small nod. Geril nodded and hurried off. The King of Jecrass bowed and gestured. The two walked together. It was the first time Raelt had met this Quarass. But she was always her. Just different.
The balcony was a small place, fit for receiving other dignitaries. The wind could be chilling, but the rain was kept out by a small enchantment and it was pleasant.
Rain fell across Jecrass as the two sat there. It was a bit cold, so Raelt called for a coat of fur; the Quarass was dressed for a ride.
“Your presence, Quarass, is welcome. As always. I ah—offer my condolences for your death. And congratulate you on your rebirth.”
She flicked her fingers delicately. The girl was so young. But the Quarass spoke as she had when she was an older woman.
“My death was fortuitous, but thank you, King Leysars. You have my sympathies for this war. Will your daughter be joining us?”
Raelt hesitated. Jecaina would want to ask a large number of questions neither he nor the Quarass had time for.
“No…but if you’d permit it, Geril would be a welcome accompaniment. And I offer you refreshments, of course. Will you take a meal? Or simply a drink?”
It was an infraction for another ruler to have a servant present as company, but not with the Quarass. She smiled.
“Geril? Yes, it would be welcome to speak with him a third time. And I would be gratified to eat.”
“What will you have?”
She pondered for a moment as a third chair was brought in. And there Geril came. He bowed and she smiled up at him.
“Geril. You have aged well. As boy, then man, now older. It is well done, your service to Jecrass.”
“You honor me, your Majesty.”
The old retainer had a small but delighted look on his face, a rarity. It was the kind of compliment you had written on your tombstone. Because the Quarass had known Geril across three lifetimes.
“I think I shall have estreke almeat.”
“A fine choice. I’ll have some myself, Geril. Not much…”
Raelt was not hungry. And he was a bit surprised by the Quarass’ choice.
“It’s a rather plain dish, your Majesty…”
She smiled and Geril laughed.
“It is traditional for the Quarass to order it.”
“Really? The last Quarass—”
