7.46 K
Page 1
“You come to me asking of their nature, or their history, Teresa Atwood? Naturally, I am the most logical choice, even beyond the Quarass in this regard. For that perspicacity, I shall entertain a brief conversation on the subject of…Vampires.”
Teresa opened and closed her mouth, but before she could get in a word in edgewise, Fetohep went on.
“Yes. They existed. Yes. They were a scourge upon Chandrar too. But Human memory being what it is—what do you perceive to be a Vampire, Teresa Atwood?”
“Um…pale. Sunlight kills them. Strong, fast, they…can heal from terrible wounds? You can’t even kill them without silver, or a stake to the heart, or garlic…”
Fetohep had been waving her on. He stopped her there.
“False. Garlic is anathema, but hardly their death. And a lesser Vampire could be slain without their greatest weaknesses. Still—close enough. What else?”
“Vampires need blood to live. They…can turn other people into Vampires. Actually, they can turn other people into slaves, or Vampires. They can command animals, turn into mist, bats, uh, hypnotize you with their eyes. They have no reflection…”
That was about the most obvious stuff. Teres tried to think of anything else. And because she was standing in front of the King of Khelt whom she did not like—and the feeling was mutual—she added one more ‘fact’.
“Oh, and they sparkle in the sunlight. Just—glitter away.”
Fetohep paused in drinking from his goblet. He eyed Teres’ straight face.
“…That is not my understanding of a Vampire’s powers. But your grasp of their basic strengths and weaknesses is acceptable. They do indeed have abilities beyond their—species. A Vampire appears at first glance to enhance and give strength to anyone who accepts their ‘gift’. The allure has drawn more than a few like you to them, begging for their version of immortality and power.”
“And that’s a bad thing, right?”
Teres sighed. There was always a catch. Always! She was ready for a big speech about it. Fetohep just shrugged.
“Perhaps only to those Vampires prey upon. I am not one to speak. Khelt’s rulers persist thanks to our bargain of undeath. A Vampire is—by some measures—a superior being. Their weaknesses multiply, but so do their strengths. Such is the allure of their power—especially when honed by blood—that even the Quarass sought to drink of their strength in several of her incarnations.”
“Really? Then why do you seem to hate them so much?”
Teres sat forwards. Okay—Vampirism wasn’t off the table! This might be a productive day after all. Fetohep looked at her.
“Simply that such a race is superior, Teresa Atwood. And like every species thus empowered—they have ruled this world. When Vampires claimed their eternal night, they devoured the people of Khelt like every other. You have seen war. You have seen slavery. Vampires would make slaves of the world. They delighted in suffering.”
“…Oh. But—but they didn’t succeed, right? I’ve been studying history. Orthenon’s taught me when he had time. I know about the old empires. Every species seems to have done it. Half-Elves, Selphids, Minotaurs…Drakes…”
“Not all species. And it is important to remember, Teresa Atwood, that not all empires were of the same length or atrocity. If my ire is directed to Vampires—it is because I have read of their wars of conquest. They held Chandrar only briefly. And they never will again, so long as I exist or Khelt remembers the past.”
Fetohep rose and looked out the window. Teres sat back. If there was one thing Fetohep was good at—it was storytelling.
“What did happen, then?”
