7.46 K
Page 26
Jecaina made a startled sound and leapt back as Raelt slashed at her face. She backed up and her body took over as Raelt slashed furiously.
One, two, three, four—Raelt felt every heavy swing deflected and then Jecaina lanced at his chest. He knocked the blade down, stepped back.
“Jecaina. It’s me. I might have leveled—but you’ve dueled me since you were a girl. Nothing’s changed. See?”
He stepped forwards, this time Jecaina stopped overthinking her blade. The two danced backwards, first Raelt on the attack, then falling back as Jecaina began using her flurry-Skills.
It was familiar. Raelt was concentrating hard and not at all. He was aware, for instance, of the audience growing excited. Both he and Jecaina practiced an aggressive style. There was little waiting; the two knew each other so they didn’t test each other but went into bursts of attack and defense.
“Point!”
Raelt felt a cut across his upper arm as his guard lowered. People cheered; Jecaina lowered her blade.
“You let me have that.”
“I was careless.”
“But you have a golden—”
Raelt looked up. So that was why she felt off. He shook his head.
“It’s just a metal, Jecaina. You knew I was good. And bells—more than a few [Fencers] with the golden bell have lost to a bladesman with silver, or nothing at all. In a battle, you can’t ever tell.”
“Then—am I good at fighting?”
The King of Jecrass looked at the [Duelist Princess].
“Of course you are.”
“But you won’t let me fight.”
“Yes…because it’s too dangerous.”
“But—”
“Jecaina. If you had a gold bell, I wouldn’t want you to fight. You don’t need to. You’re Jecrass’ [Princess]. You don’t need to be me.”
“I want to. I want to fight. I don’t want to be here—being useless!”
She slashed viciously, through the air. Raelt realized he’d done her a disservice. He shook his head.
“Jecaina. You’re not weak. But war isn’t fencing. It’s not a tidy duel. It’s too easy to die. That’s why I have a bodyguard. More than that—if you were captured—”
She deflated.
“I know. It’s just…everyone else is fighting.”
“Let’s have another bout. I have time.”
He glanced at the sky. The sun was setting. Yisame was no doubt waiting for him, and Perric and the Speaker of Trees.
Well, to Rhir’s hell with them. This was more important. The two went three more rounds. Raelt scored three more points; he didn’t hold back. It was what Jecaina wanted; she looked satisfied, even though she’d lost each clash. The last one had been close.
“So—if I had gone to Terandria, do you think I’d have done well?”
Raelt was sipping from some water. He blinked at his sweaty daughter. The courtyard was protected from some of the rain, but it kept blowing in and making the ground slippery.
“Terandria? You’d do terribly there, Jecaina.”
“What? But you said—”
He grinned and stepped. A fencer’s lunge. Jecaina yelped as he struck her stomach. He’d nearly speared her through the gut.
“Bracer’s dead. Grab a new one.”
She stomped off as Raelt took another sip of water. When she came back, Raelt shook his head.
“Terandrian [Fencers] and [Duelists]—have a different style, Jecaina. Point-based. It’s similar to how we fight, but they use lighter swords. Much lighter, for the…sport of it. It’s not meant for combat. You’d lose in points due to the style of it. I taught you to win a fight, not a competition.”
“Oh. But why learn a sport?”
That was what Raelt had thought. He shrugged.
