7.46 K
Page 43
She knew what her war council preferred. So the ruler of Nerrhavia let them plan. And she carried the orb to her room and watched. She and her subordinates differed in who she preferred to win. And as dawn began to break—she saw the wagon racing north, towards the capital on the coast.
Pursued.
 
—-
 
Late evening had fallen as the first [Trick Rider] raced over the hills that began to turn to dunes if you went further north to the ocean beyond. Medain had lovely beaches, a prosperous inland. It was a powerful nation, fed by waters and trade.
“Princess J—”
The Gold-rank team’s [Archer] shot the screaming [Trick Rider] from the saddle. Another followed, and one of them threw a Tripvine Bag.
“[Evasive Leap]!”
The horse leapt over the exploding vines. The [Trick Rider] shot at them. Two Gold-ranks peeled off with half a dozen of the [Riders] that Perric had sent to help the abduction.
The Jecrassian [Soldier] put his blade into one [Rider]’s chest and brought down a horse before they cut him down. The wagon thundered on.
“Dead gods, where is the army?”
An escort of less than a hundred rode with the Silvereyes. That was all Perric had thought was needed. And it would have been enough—if the Quarass hadn’t spotted the wagon.
But now Jecrass’ entire army was coming over the border. Led by the King of Duels himself. He’d cut the border guard to ribbons and he was coming.
“His Majesty is coming straight at us with the capital’s army and the Golden Ranks of Medain!”
The adventurers in the wagon heard the news and shouted in relief. Jecaina lay there, hog-tied, struggling. They ignored her. In the distance—Medain’s army was streaming forwards, trying to keep to their formations.
They were stymied by the fact that Perric favored heavy infantry with mage and archer support, the exact opposite of Jecrass’ mobile army. And then—in the distance he appeared.
“Jecaina!”
The Gold-ranks in the wagon jerked as they heard the King of Duels’ howl. They flogged the horses desperately, but the belabored animals had nothing left to give.
And the [King of Challenges] was coming. Raelt’s voice was raw and he had ridden for hours. His horse…the animal was reaching the end of its endurance even with the potions he had given it.
But he saw the wagon in the distance, streaming towards the capital. It was passing across a plateau; the border between Jecrass and Medain lay behind, a narrow pass. The guards Medain had posted were dead.
Now—the coast lay beyond. In the far, far distance, the shining sea. And the capital of Medain beyond, where the High King reigned.
“Forwards!”
General Lael shouted. Thousands of the cavalry followed their [King]. But in the distance—there was High King Perric and his army.
“Secure that wagon! Once it’s in our hands, force Raelt of Jecrass back!”
The [King] saw a distant dot of the wagon. And his army—fresh, far outnumbering Jecrass’—marched forwards. Medain’s army. King Perric had deployed his farther across Jecrass’ borders, far too far to recall in time. But he had the army of Medain’s capital to call upon. They’d sallied forth in neat, organized formation, marching at a slower pace southwards.
However—High King Perric’s heavy cavalry were riding forth ahead of his infantry. Thousands of them—making for the wagon.
It was simple if you saw it from above, like Niers Astoragon, the Wistram broadcast. At the rate of travel by the wagon with an oncoming speed from Medain’s army while being pursued by Jecrass’ at a velocity of—
