7.46 K
Page 31
“You may think so, King Leysars. But I only wish to give you…perspective. Those years were indeed bountiful. But as I say—Jecrass has known poorer. Neither you nor Geril remember the Creler Wars. But it was a bitter time indeed for Jecrass. Many took root in the soil. The horses and horsepeople died in droves, unable to flee the swarms.”
Raelt shuddered. Crelers were still a threat, albeit mercifully rare.
“What of Germina? I know the Shield Kingdoms fought back…”
She made a bitter face.
“Complacency drove every nation to folly in those times. Yes, Germina rallied. But it was a bitter lesson I learned once more. My poisons did little to the spawn of Rhir and they taught me there was more to learn of corrosion and decay. If I had been wiser…I would have prepared. Before every great war, there are usually signs. Had I heeded them, I would have risen to the occasion as I had in lifetimes before, forged Germina into a weapon. For the darkest wars require a light for others to rally around. That is my purpose.”
She spoke strangely. Raelt looked at her.
“You speak as if there is another war coming, Quarass. Jecrass is at war. And Germina lost its war with Reim.”
She smiled thinly.
“True. Both our kingdoms have known Reim’s strength. But that—is not what I refer to. With respect, Raelt Leysars…this is not the war that I dream of.”
She looked past him. Raelt’s hairs stirred and Geril looked troubled. A greater war than this? One that made her think of the Creler wars…
“Then what? If a dark war needs a light, someone to rally around, is Flos Reimarch that [King]? Is that why you made peace with him?”
She flicked her hands again.
“I had little choice in that. I speak of the future and past, Raelt Leysars. Not always of the present. Since that is what weighs on you—yes. Let us speak of peace and war. Medain, the Claiven Earth, and Nerrhavia have reached out to you to continue your war.”
Raelt’s hand jerked on his goblet. Geril sat up.
“Have you—have you told—?”
The Quarass looked levelly at Raelt and shook her head.
“I have neither told Flos Reimarch nor concrete proof of this. It is just…familiar. Have they given you assurances of their determination?”
Raelt’s mouth worked. The Quarass knew. Even without inside knowledge? He hesitated, and she touched her chest and made a small sign.
“I swear by Ger not to reveal what I know. I am, in this moment, the Quarass of Germina, Raelt Leysars. If you seek my knowledge, ask. If not, I will go.”
He hesitated. But then nodded.
“A contract. I forced them to agree. They will all sign a magical contract to go to war. Declare war. If they do—I will turn down the King of Destruction’s peace offer and continue to fight.”
“Your Majesty…”
Geril was troubled. But he had no counsel to give. Raelt stood up and walked to the balcony. The rain trickled down an invisible barrier.
“What would you say to that, Quarass? It might destroy this nation I was given to rule by my father. But Lyfelt need not die for it. Innocent people might not need to die for it. And—that was why I started this damn war! What was the point, if I make peace?”
He clenched a fist. Staring west. The Quarass sat at her table, dabbing at her mouth. Raelt waited, almost hoping she had no wisdom. But what she said was this:
“You still believe you can win.”
Raelt jerked. He turned back and saw her looking at him. That knowing look pierced him through.
“You believe you can defeat the King of Destruction. That is why you waver, Raelt Leysars. You possess the will to fight.”
“I—if Jecrass kneels—”
