7.46 K
Page 14
“Nah, further than that, friend. Way further. Never mind. Sorry, thought you and I might have been from about the same place. So you’re a student?”
He looked at Trey, still polite, even if his hopes were dashed. Trey nodded.
“That’s right. I’m hoping to learn more magic. I’ve got a few levels in [Mage]. I’m a [Sand Mage], actually.”
Flynn sat back up.
“Really? Know any spells?”
“A few. Not many I can show you here—oh! But I can show you a few tiny sand-Golems. Here, give me a sec.”
Trey fumbled with his bag of holding. Flynn leaned forwards and Trey couldn’t resist. Now. He glanced up.
“So. Flynn Patel. When did your family move to Australia?”
He saw Flynn blink—and then his eyes went round. His jaw dropped. He stared at Trey’s face, and Trey burst into a shaky grin of his own. Flynn punched Trey’s shoulder and then shot to his feet.
“I knew it! You bastard, you had me thinking—god! Hey! Hey, I found another one!”
He shot to his feet and went to the door of his cabin. Trey heard him shouting as the young man called out to the female Drake.
“Hey! I found—”
And here we go. Trey took a breath while no one was watching, then put an astonished look back on his face. It wasn’t too hard. And it was a common emotion.
The Drake [Mage]’s exasperated look became one of shock and excitement as Flynn pointed at Trey. She nearly dropped the clipboard as she hurried over to him.
“Another one? Are you from—America?”
The Drake stared at Trey with a far different expression than before. Flynn shook his head.
“Naw. He sounds like the United Kingdom, am I right? I’m from Australia! Melbourne, myself!”
“Er…yes. I came here because I heard about the football game—and other things. I uh—thought there was a chance…does Wistram have more people from Earth? Home, I mean?”
“I need to send a [Message]. That’s—you’re absolutely right, Mister Atlas. Just sit here and we’ll take you to more of your people. Please—be careful about what you say. And you, Mister Flynn.”
The Drake gave the young Australian man a look. He was too jubilant to notice. He dragged Trey back into the cabin.
“I knew it. No one has a name like that. How’d you find out? Where did you land? No—wait. Have you met anyone else? I’ve been searching for my mates, but no one’s heard of them.”
Flynn looked at Trey as the young man sat down. Trey took a deep breath.
“I’m from Hellios, actually…”
“Where?”
“North of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. North of Reim.”
“Reim, Reim…that’s the kingdom everyone’s talking about, right?”
Trey nodded. There was a lot of catch up on, but he was appraising the outcomes of his decision at the same time as his conversation. He’d been meaning to reveal himself when he got to the isle; that was step two of the plan. But this was more natural.
The ship had moved into a slow, swaying progress out of the harbor and was picking up speed as the two finished understanding where the other had come from. Flynn shook his head, grinning.
“So, you helped this fellow out and this—this [King] of Khelt gave you the fancy items?”
“Something like that. What about you?”
“Me? I’ve been running about Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Working as an adventurer, hunting, even making things. Anything to earn enough money to survive. It was tough, the first bit. I had to beg for water, but I got my feet under me. I was just trying to make money and get to Silver-rank when I saw the game on television. Soccer. I asked at the Mage’s Guild and they had me on a ship before I could blink!”
