7.46 K
Page 22
“I see no reason to object. Medain has abstained from the hostilities so far because the conflict did not threaten our borders. But I would be willing to march on Reim and curtain the King of Destruction if I had a sufficient reason.”
There he went again. He never said ‘no’, because that was cowardly. But he always demanded the other two nations agree. So—Raelt turned to the Speaker of Trees.
“The King of Destruction is not that easy a foe. The Claiven Earth do not prefer to die on foreign soil. However…his conquest of Belchan and Jecrass would give him too much power. It depends on whether unity can be reached.”
The Speaker of the Trees glanced sideways. And it rested on Nerrhavia.
Nerrhavia, was the problem. The war council was murmuring, one speaking to the [Queen]. Yisame had said not a word. She raised a hand and one of the other Stitch Folk spoke up.
“King Leysars, her majesty of course agrees Reim must be stopped. And Nerrhavia’s Fallen is prepared to act in concord with other nations.”
Raelt waited. But that was all. He narrowed his eyes.
“Medain has already given its assurances. King Leysars, it falls to you to rebuff the King of Destruction. Since we are all in agreement…”
Perric scowled at the scrying mirror. They were dancing again.
“I want a contract of war. Spelling out your determination in ink and magic, King Perric.”
The King of Medain’s’ eyes flashed. He leaned over his throne and snapped.
“For a nation so pressed, you are in little position to make demands, Raelt—”
Enough. Enough of it. Medain, Perric, was not the problem.
Raelt spun. He pointed directly at Queen Yisame, addressing her and to hell with the niceties of it all.
“Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen! I have yet to hear you speak. Let alone receive even your assurances that if I go to war against a foe I cannot defeat, Nerrhavia will come to my aid!”
“King Leysars. Her Majesty—”
Raelt looked at the Stitch-Man.
“Be silent. I am addressing Queen Yisame.”
He looked at the woman. She blinked uneasily as Raelt turned towards her.
“Your Majesty, Are we [King] and [Queen], or ruler and vassal? Because I am unaccustomed to speaking to those lesser than me as if they were equals.”
He heard a squawk from the Stitch-Man, the [Earl]-[General] or whatever his rank was. Yisame actually jumped in her seat. She blinked at him—and then she rose to her feet.
“Your Majesty of Jecrass. We give you our solemn word that Jecrass shall not stand alone. Surely that is enough?”
She implied that a formal contract was rudeness, with the hint of incredulity in her voice, the way she looked at him. So well he almost believed it. But he had known Lyfelt and while the [Prime Minister] had not been a woman, he’d played the same game.
“Your word, your Majesty?”
Raelt laughed, and he heard the note of hysteria in it. He shook his head.
“I took you at your word when I began my war against Reim. You sent me charioteers who refused to obey orders, gold, [Mercenaries]—all of which I thank you for—but you sent me no armies. Nothing capable of pushing back the King of Destruction. Now—you say to me that Nerrhavia’s armies will be there, on the field.”
He pointed out his window, at the distant speck of Reim’s armies.
“Where were you yesterday, Queen Yisame? Where was Nerrhavia in the days before that? When I struck the King of Destruction’s heart, and his armies stopped, the battle might have been won if Nerrhavia’s armies stood with us. Your word, Queen Yisame, is not enough.”
He stood then, weary, and looked at his audience.
