7.46 K
Page 46
Flos Reimarch looked ahead.
“Orthenon?”
 
—-
 
The Steward slowed.
“What?”
 
—-
 
“Who—”
The Gold-rank Captain reached for Jecaina. Then he saw what had split the [Lancer] in twain—moving. It was…
An axe. It rose into the air, red with blood, dripping gore and floated backwards. Spinning back into the hand that had thrown it. And then the hand moved and threw—again.
The adventurer next to the Gold-rank Captain vanished. She made not a sound. He spun, tracking the weapon as it flew back.
“I’m warning you! I have—”
“[Perfect Throw]. [Homing Arc].”
He heard the distant voice. The adventurer tried to duck. The second axe took him off at the chest. Blood ran down onto Jecaina’s face and woke her up. She stirred, then cried out in horror.
“No—”
The last adventurer reached for her. And the axe struck again.
Medain’s forces fell back, crying out. The [Throwers] were from so far away! And the angle—it came from neither the King of Destruction’s forces, nor Jecrass’. Or Medain’s.
High King Perric’s head slowly turned. He traced the arc and saw a figure standing on the dunes. The sun rose as the figure hurled the axe, clearing the area around Jecaina.
“Honor shall be upheld.”
He stood on the dunes. Behind him—the evening sun set and set the sails aglow. The Minotaur raised his hand and the axe flew into it. He pointed.
“Advance.”
More figures marched over the dunes. Away from the warships in the distance. Unwelcome guests.
“But I didn’t give them permission to land.”
High King Perric spoke distantly. The Minotaurs ignored him. They marched forwards as Raelt’s army pivoted. Medain’s forces moved towards Jecaina. Jecrass met Medain.
The Minotaurs moved past the battle.
“Do we interfere, General? The artillery is assembled and ready to fire.”
The second thrower spoke to the commander. The Minotaur raised his horned head and glanced at the conflict. He shook his head slightly.
“We have given the King of Jecrass his opportunity. Our foe lies ahead.”
He pointed. The King of Destruction’s army.
 
—-
 
Orthenon slowed. His hand tightened on the spear he carried.
Flos Reimarch’s smile faded away. He looked ahead. Mars shifted. She looked…nervous. The King of Destruction stared ahead and Teres remembered the stories of how his conquest had…ended. She heard his voice.
“Minotaurs.”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: 
It’s not perfect. But that’s what it looked like in my head, roughly speaking. I did a lot of words this time. Next chapter—falling action. Or rising. Wait—climax? I need to study plot arcs again.
I hope you enjoyed it! This is…the Jecrass-Reim war’s arc. We could have gone to Liscor, but I thought this was better for me. It had a lot of buildup. But I hope the whole piece looks at least a little glorious.
Speaking of glorious—this is the art I’m going to feature today. Enuryn’s Dragonthrone, featuring a tiny Rags and Teriarch! It’s so beautiful it’s become one of my desktop wallpapers. Give him lots of appreciation!
…The next chapter awaits. Too long in the future for you, too soon for my hands! Thanks for reading!
 
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat
 
Dragonthrone by Enuryn the [Naturalist]!
 

