7.46 K
Page 35
High King Perric’s fist smashed the scrying orb. His magical gauntlets absorbed the backlash as the contained magic detonated.
“That worthless wretch!”
He bellowed. His [Generals] ducked as he hurled the props he’d been holding, one of them the royal scepter of Medain, across the room. They backed up towards the doors.
“Your M—”
“Get out!”
The High King raged. The [Mages], his officers, all fled. The seething man stood there, gripping the table hard.
The nerve of Raelt of Jecrass! That pissant little [King] wasn’t in the position to give orders!
High King Perric wore, for anyone counting, a record twelve artifacts on his person. Each perfectly balanced so that the magical leakage was at the threshold. In his estimation, which he had made widely known, his artifacts and levels as a [King] placed him at the rank of Named Adventurer.
…But the Adventurer’s Guilds outside of Medain had refused to grant him that title. It was one of the things in life that eternally infuriated Perric.
He never forgot such slights. He was [High King], and knew what was due to him. Wistram, Jecrass, the Adventurer’s Guilds…
And Raelt Leysars. Perric strode back and forth. He was no fool. He knew what this meant.
Raelt was doing this to spite him. It was obvious. The [King] was going to kneel in order to give Flos Reimarch an undivided south. And who was next?
Medain. Perric cast his eyes across the war maps. The King of Destruction’s peace or not—it was obvious. Medain was too rich, and it would provide the King of Destruction with a coastline at last! He’d find some reason, moan about his worthless refugees, and then attack.
“If that damn coward hadn’t decided—”
It had all been lining up! Perric’s armies would have swept in and taken parts of Belchan and Jecrass, fortified the passes, and let the Claiven Earth and Nerrhavia’s Fallen batter at Reim before advancing. This had been perfect.
Until Raelt had caved. Now, Perric was looking at a defensive war. He didn’t like it.
“Unacceptable.”
The man considered his options. He had to worry about the damn half-Elves to the west, sometimes enemies. Weak coastal nations to the east. Jecrass and Belchan had been weaker, but stubborn neighbors forever. But Reim was a powerhouse. And…
“Your Majesty?”
The [Servant] flinched as he looked up. One of his many wives. The Lizardwoman. She pointed, terrified.
“The—ambassador is here again. The House of M—”
“They do not have my permission! Tell them to begone! I will not be disturbed!”
Perric thundered. His wife fled. He looked down at the map.
“Pests!”
Everyone thought they could just march across his land. The King of Destruction’s decree about his ‘refugees’ had incensed Perric. But this was not the time for a direct war. Flos was…not a better [King] than Perric. Maybe higher in level—for now—but Perric was younger, and he had greater vision. Flos was a savage. Perric would eclipse him—he just needed more vassals like the Seven.
No, no, no. Perric was the one true [King] among all these half-baked men. And a true [King] did not allow his plans to fold so easily. Perric’s eyes narrowed.
He’d suspected Raelt might surrender. He had a few tricks left.
High King Perric had been an adventurer. And a good adventurer always had contingency plans. You looked at the weak points of your opponents. And Raelt was his opponent. So—then.
“Servant!”
The door opened. Perric turned.
“Send a [Message]. How many Gold-rank teams are stationed in Jecrass’ capital at this moment? Find me the most mobile one. And tell them…”
