7.46 K
Page 42
They were going to be caught. Jecrass’ army was storming towards the border and as fast as they were, even the Gold-rank team famed for their mobility was being caught.
It was still nearly a day’s ride to Medain’s capital. When his [Strategist] came to him with the calculations, High King Perric sat there for a second. Then he rose.
“General Bullan. Mobilize the army. We ride forwards!”
“The nearest army is—”
Perric knocked the man to the side.
“The capital’s forces, you fool! I’ll secure the [Princess] myself! Move! Summon the Golden Ranks of Medain!”
His personal vanguard, made up of Gold-ranks, mostly retired. Medain’s army began to pivot, away from the strategic points at Belchan’s border and towards the reinforcements now streaking towards the border.
The sun rose higher and began to fall. As it did—the wagon with Princess Jecaina reached the border. And the rest of the world began to take notice.
 
—-
 
“An abduction?”
Queen Yisame was likewise bleary-eyed, but her war council had given her time to make herself presentable. They caught herself up to speed. Or rather, the scrying orb did.
Wistram was aware of this. How not, when Jecrass’ capital had seen their entire mounted army shooting north towards the border?  They had no plan—they had left the capital practically undefended! She stared at the image.
“That is King Raelt of Jecrass we’re seeing, ladies and gentlemen.”
Noass was looking around, wide-eyed. Drassi was sitting next to him—they’d grabbed her instead of Sir Relz, who was drunk.
“That’s right. Here’s what we know. This rat—”
“High King Perric.”
“Yeah. This rat-king kidnaps the [King] of Jecrass’ daughter. And now Raelt is in hot pursuit.”
“Er—that’s—”
“What? That’s what I think. What kind of monster kidnaps a daughter? The question is: can they get her?”
Both Drakes stared at the scrying orb. They were overlaying a map and calculating speeds. Jecrass’ army was the fastest in the world. But the adventurers had four hour’s lead and they knew what would happen if they were caught.
“What will happen? Answer!”
Yisame looked around. One of her [Strategists] spoke.
“Your Majesty, we estimate the team will reach the border before Jecrass’ army and their [King]. However—High King Perric’s forces are mobilized further to the west. Even if they march at all speed—it will be the capital’s army who is able to fully take captivity of the [Princess] first.”
Nerrhavia’s Fallen’s ruler looked at the map. That meant from the border to the capital or wherever the army caught the Gold-ranks—there was time.
“How many agents do we have in Medain?”
The war council looked at each other.
“Several, your Majesty. What is their aim?”
Yisame hesitated. One of her [Generals] bowed.
“My Glorious Queen who rules over the vastest land—if I may say it, this is to Nerrhavia’s advantage. If Jecrass continues the war…”
He hesitated. Queen Yisame seldom interrupted her war council. Now—they waited. Yisame bit her lip. She did not gainsay her strategist and generals often. However…
“I—we dislike Medain’s ruler. High King Perric has made an enemy of public opinion and Jecrass. Begin a condemnation which we shall deliver at soonest convenience.”
The servants bustled about. But the war council waited.
“And of our agents?”
Yisame met her [General]’s eyes, took a consensus of the room. She held up a delicate hand.
“We shall observe.”
Which meant…the others nodded in satisfaction. Yisame turned. She looked at the orb.
“Bring it to our chambers. We shall leave the strategy to you.”
