7.46 K
Page 18
The King of Destruction clicked his fingers impatiently. Off the battlefield, he was prone to his flights of fancy once more.
“We stopped for the warm rain and to give the army a break. Relax, Teresa. Orthenon is conducting the negotiations. If you’d like—we can plot which nation is most likely to declare war next. I’m hoping Medain will. Then we can swing north, take Medain, and deal with the Claiven Earth before Nerrhavia moves.”
He cheerfully tapped the two sprawling nations on the map. Teres raised her brows.
“Just like that? From Jecrass to Medain?”
“Jecrass was a surprise, Teres! Medain won’t be that hard if we play it right.”
Mars laughed. She was good-naturedly sitting and checking her weapons. Today, she had a flashy mohawk; a new illusion based on Earth’s styles. Colored bright purple, though.
She was a contrast to Death Commander Ytol. One-armed, and one-legged, his punishment for ‘desertion’, the man bowed to Teres as if she were of Mars’ rank.
“Medain is a powerful coastal nation ruled by High King Perric. But his army is reliant on adventurers, many of them Gold-rank.”
“The Kingdom of Adventurers. You know, I’d love to explore some of their magical dungeons. A shame they’re almost completely explored. The monsters respawn, but the treasures do not.”
Flos sighed, his eyes twinkling. Teres raised her brows.
“Didn’t you say that the Gold-ranks are really strong, your Majesty? You’re only as strong as a Gold-rank adventurer without gear. And a ‘High King’ sounds better than a…[King].”
Half of the vassals in the room coughed or looked scandalized. Mars and Flos just laughed. The King of Destruction ran a hand through his wet hair.
“True! But adventurers are limited in number. Kill twenty and two hundred run for their lives. If it comes to a fight—and I think I can insult Perric enough that he declares war on us—we’ll just kill a few teams and the rest won’t stick around. More to the point—Medain’s army isn’t half as mobile as Jecrass. It’ll be one big battle where we kill the High King. He’s strong, and he was a good adventurer. But he’s about…Raelt’s level of [King].”
“Really? But—”
Ulyse of Parasol Stroll coughed into one hand.
“Lady Teres, High King is a name given to King Perric because he rules over a defacto, smaller kingdom. One of his coastal holdings. It is a more powerful class…but not by that much.”
“Indeed. Before this battle, I’d have put Perric far above Raelt in levels and strength. Now? Raelt might be the better fighter of the two, and Jecrass’ people have fought like Manticores, each and every one!”
Flos’ eyes glittered. He looked out of his war room tent and shook his head.
“Medain isn’t a nation I fear. The half-Elves of the Claiven Earth? I’d rather settle with them than have to take their forests. Without the Mad Ones or Amerys or the Order of Glass—I’d hate to fight in the trees without a way to rob them of their cover. Have you ever seen half-Elves melded into trees loosing arrows at you in the middle of a fog from all sides? Disgusting. We might have to see if your world has any useful tricks to fight that kind of foe.”
He shuddered. The others nodded and Teres sighed, nodding. She looked outside at the rain.
“It is beautiful. Why were you so surprised by the rainfall?”
Flos just shrugged.
“I don’t know Jecrass well. I knew it had a good number of rivers, but I didn’t think it got storms like these.”
That surprised Teres.
“But it’s only two nations over! Surely you’d visited…?”
He shook his head.
