7.46 K
Page 25
“I heard from Geril. You—you went to wounded [Soldiers] and helped raise spirits. I was proud of that. This? You don’t need to defend me, Jecaina. There’s nothing Nerrhavia’s soldiers can do to me that exceeds what Reim’s might.”
Her head lowered. Raelt looked at his daughter and felt wretched. Here he was, giving her a lecture on failure. He looked around.
“…I know I haven’t had much time to speak. My every waking moment’s consumed with these negotiations. The Steward, the other rulers…”
He had a thought and forced a smile.
“Orthenon, the King’s Steward in the palace. At least you got to see him, eh?”
Jecaina had dreamed of meeting the King of Destruction, of pledging her sword to him. Raelt saw her look up. But none of that old enthusiasm was there.
“I did. I wish he hadn’t come.”
Raelt’s forced smile fell away. He stood there, tiredly.
“Me too, Jecaina.”
What was he to say? Raelt wished he’d actually taken a wife, been married. Jecaina, his adopted daughter…he felt like he’d failed her. Especially now. What kind of a kingdom was he going to leave her?
Raelt cast about. And because he didn’t know what to say—he felt for his side.
“Are you free? Let’s go to the practice courts.”
She blinked at him. Jecaina wore her own dueling sword, a copy of the one Raelt carried. She’d…stopped wearing the silver bell, Raelt realized. He’d been used to hearing it chiming wherever she went.
“Now? Do you have time?”
Raelt did not. He had to decide whether the King of Destruction was to be accepted, or the contract of war. He hadn’t really expected the others to agree. But they had.
“Of course. Just for a bout or two.”
They walked down the hallways of the palace, father and daughter. Like this—they could pretend it was peace. Raelt nodded to servants who bowed to him, staring as if they hadn’t served him all his life.
King of Duels. The man who’d fought the King of Destruction twice. Stabbed him through the heart.
Jecaina had the same look in her eyes when she stepped onto the empty practice courts. Raelt drew his sword.
“Do you have the deflection bracers on?”
It was a magical artifact [Fencers] and [Duelists] used. It could deflect a few strikes. It didn’t really work in combat; if anything touched you, it depleted the magic. But the ones Jecaina wore could deflect two to five strikes with the practice rapiers.
“Yes.”
Raelt put his own on. He took a position across from Jecaina. The rapier felt light in his hand as he drew the parrying dagger he used. He didn’t care about the audience of servants, soldiers, and so on.
This was his life. This was what he was good at. Every day he practiced lunges, or thought of swordplay while sitting on his throne. And—what a waste. It hadn’t protected Jecrass. Hadn’t slain the King of Destruction. He had given all he had to his daughter.
And it was just this. She walked across from him, her body balanced, moving on the balls of her feet, watching his posture, the way he held her sword. This was all—
He stepped in. Normally Jecaina would first, but she was hesitant.
[King of Challenges]. She deflected his first thrust wildly, as if expecting him to have the strength of a Minotaur. Raelt slid forwards as Jecaina tried to bring her wide blade back. He caught her slash with his parrying dagger, slashed once.
“Point.”
A cut across her chest. The audience sighed. Raelt looked at Jecaina as she took a few breaths.
“Breathe. You’re off today.”
“You—but you’re so much better.”
She made him smile. Her father looked down at Jecaina and shook his head.
“You’ve never said that before!”
“But you dueled the King of Dest—”
