7.46 K
Page 39
“Just send a [Message] to the Watch or the [Commander] in the city.”
They waited. A response came back after about ten minutes.
“Apparently, the [Princess] was involved in an argument with a Gold-rank team. Flawless Riposte. About the honor of Jecrass. That’s what a Gold-rank team is saying.”
“Argh.”
Lael closed her eyes. Geril shook his head wearily.
“I will find her—his Majesty doesn’t need to know until—”
“Ah, General?”
The officer clarified. Lael nodded.
“There was an altercation. But it didn’t come to blows. They’re all at a tavern. The [Princess] is, ah, carousing with the team. They settled their differences.”
“Oh? You have eyes on her?”
The officer conferred.
“Everyone can see her toasting Medain and talking, [General]. The Gold-ranks have bought the pub so no one else is allowed in. Should I…?”
“No, no. It was just an old man’s worry. I thought…that’s far better.”
Geril shook his head, clearly relieved. Lael nodded.
“Just keep an eye on the pub. If there’s a fight, let me know. You should rest, Geril…”
“I’ll do that. I don’t know what kept me up. Just a [Retainer] being fussy…”
The old man let Lael usher him out of the war room. He tried to tell himself his nerves were just that. Jecaina was fine. Meeting Gold-rank adventurers was, for a spirited girl like her, exactly the thing she needed to relax.
He went back to his room and had troubled dreams. Troubled—but he asked no more questions of her. Neither did Lael. Which meant the Silvereyes had an hour after leaving Jecrass’ gates.
Two hours.
King Raelt left Lyfelt’s rooms as the man screamed at him to ‘get out’. He leaned against a wall. It was late. Orthenon would be coming. He thought—briefly—of finding Geril or Jecaina.
But they would be asleep. So the [King] ordered a cup of goat’s milk and went to the practice courts to wait.
Three hours.
Four h—
 
—-
 
The Quarass of Germina was riding north. Covertly. Aside from Jecrass’ ruler, no one actually knew she was heading north. Flos Reimarch might know her general whereabouts—but Medain’s ruler did not.
And she intended to keep it that way. Her business was private. The Quarass was yawning.
“Damn children’s bodies.”
She remarked. Her escort said nothing, but was attentive to her needs. The Quarass was considering dozing for a while and bemoaning that a flying carpet was too obvious when she saw the wagon pass them on the road.
“Ger’s vipers!”
One of her bodyguards swore as the wagon thundered by. A small group of [Riders] shouted for Germina’s small group to get out of the way. The Quarass twitched her reins, calming her horse. Her eyes flicked to the wagon.
And she had several thoughts. She recognized the magical nature of the artifacts so placed the adventurers at once. And she identified their accents. Medain. Her eyes narrowed as she sensed one last thing.
An aura. Faint, but coming from the wagon. Disturbed. And certainly out of place. Moreover, the speed, the way the adventurers were shouting…
She had seen the like before. A thousand thousand times. The Quarass drew herself up in the saddle.
“After them! Stop that wagon!”
Her bodyguard jerked into motion. They were Germina’s people and asked no questions.
“Halt in the name of the Quarass!”
The [First Warrior] roared. He spurred his horse and the adventurers looked back to see Germina’s warriors coming after them.
“Dead gods damnit! Go, go! [Lightning Bolt]!”
One of them shouted. The [Mage] shot lightning backwards. The Quarass saw the magic—reflexively raised her hand to catch and redirect the magic, and remembered.
She couldn’t cast that kind of magic right now.
