7.46 K
Page 40
“Quarass!”
Her bodyguards threw themselves forwards. One blocked the spell with a magical shield and the bolt dissipated. The rest streamed after the adventurers.
“Protect the Quarass! Slay them!”
The Quarass, cursing, saw her people covering her. She heard screams, more crackling lightning—then it was over.
One of the adventurers, the [Mage], was down. A spear had gone through her chest. Another adventurer had been de-horsed and had surrendered. But the rest were fleeing, having stymied Germina’s riders. A group of her people were pursuing—but the adventurers had too large a lead.
Enchanted wagon wheels. The Quarass eyed the pursuit and calculated the odds of the [First Warrior] taking on the rest of them. Virtually…
“Pull back!”
She raised her hand and the order was relayed. The warriors fell backwards. The Quarass studied her side’s casualties and the last adventurer.
“Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me! I’m working on behalf of Medain’s crown!”
The woman was babbling, terrified. The Quarass pointed down as she rode her pony forwards.
“You. Who was in that wagon? The [King] or [Princess]?”
“Wh—I don’t—”
The adventuress turned pale. The Quarass read her expression and cursed.
“Send a [Message] to Jecrass at once. Tell them—their [Princess] has been kidnapped!”
She whirled. Her escort swirled. The Quarass looked ahead. She hadn’t predicted this. Her knowledge wasn’t infallible. But she knew men like High King Perric. This…she shook her head.
This was a stupid move. It threw everything into chaos. If she had not been here, it might have worked. Now? She saw the [Message] go out, flitting towards the sleepy [General] Lael and the restless [King of Challenges].
Raelt Leysars heard the frantic shouting. He blinked a few times, a cup of goat’s milk in his hand. Then he dropped it.
And went insane.
 
—-
 
High King Perric was having a grand time. The wine was good and it had been nearly four hours since the abduction had gone off. The plan was perfect.
“You see? A day’s lead will take them far out of reach. I have an escort waiting at the border in any case. King Raelt will declare war come daybreak. I will demand his presence…in three more hours.”
Three more hours and they’d be all but uncatchable, even by Jecrass vaunted horsemen. After all—Perric didn’t have to have the [Princess] here to enforce his demands. Once they were across the border, she’d be within his grasp anyways.
He was speaking to one of his top [Generals], going over the plan. The man nodded. He cleared his throat nervously.
“What if the [Princess]—er, that is to say, what if Princess Leysars is less than cooperative, sire?”
The High King gave the man a blank look over his goblet.
“So? She is a political captive. She will remain here as a guarantee of Raelt’s continued fighting. And if she objects—in my experience, even the most stubborn woman teaches herself courtesy after a while.”
“Do you intend to marry her, High King?”
“Perhaps.”
Perric would think on it after another cup of wine. Everything was going well—
Right up until the [Servant] broke his good mood.
“Your Majesty. The Silvereye Sables report a clash with strangers on the road!”
“Who?”
The High King frowned. The [Messenger] had no answers. Just that two were dead. But the wagon was intact and the [Princess] secure. The Silvereyes were accelerating and begging for an escort.
“Brigands, perhaps, your majesty.”
“Hmf. The reinforcements at the border will kill anyone who interferes. If they come under attack—sally forth and reinforce them. But covertly! Dead gods, you fools. This has to be—”
