7.46 K
Page 34
Raelt nodded. He took a breath as his version of the contract was laid before him. One of the [Mages] in Queen Yisame’s court coughed.
“We need a [Mage] to begin the broadcast on Jecrass’ side, your Majesty. And a ten minute wait for the event to be introduced…”
“Ten minutes? For those Drakes from Pallass? I will do it myself!”
Perric scowled. Raelt saw the Wistram [Mages] conferring and hurrying about as the other rulers had that pained look of people trying to be important while having no idea what was going on.
He smiled. And bowed to Queen Yisame.
“Your Majesty, that will not be necessary. I have made my choice. Jecrass…will not continue war with Reim. I intend to sign his contract.”
Perric froze with one hand on the table. Yisame looked at him. The Speaker of Trees sighed.
“Ridiculous! You cannot back out now! My armies are on the move!”
Perric shouted. Raelt ignored him. Yisame looked gravely at Raelt.
“I understand your friend—Lyfelt of Belchan—will die as part of this contract. And other innocents.”
He nodded slowly.
“Yes, your Majesty. I will bear that responsibility. But I weighed each choice. And I can no longer ask my people to fight the King of Destruction. They have suffered too much. I…am sorry.”
Her eyes flickered. For a moment, the Stitch-Woman looked at Raelt and he saw some kind of understanding in her eyes. Then she stepped back as one of her attendants flicked a fan across her body and face.
“If that is your will, King Leysars, we shall abide.”
Her mirror turned off. The Speaker of Trees nodded.
“You have made your choice, King Leysars. We will not begrudge you it.”
He bowed and Raelt nodded. The last was King Perric.
“Raelt. You cannot make peace! I will not allow it! Reim will swallow Jecrass whole! Don’t be a coward!”
The man raged at Raelt. The [King] of Jecrass looked at Perric.
“You know, Perric, you’re in no position to give me orders. And I rather disliked you anyways. This conversation is over. Goodbye.”
“Raelt! Don’t y—”
The King of Jecrass turned off the mirror with some satisfaction. Then he sat back.
He was shaking. But it was done. And it was the right decision. The Quarass…it had been Jecaina as well. Wondering if she would have to fight. Warden Dulfe, Winta…
They had sacrificed so much. For nothing? Raelt shook his head. He would make sure it wasn’t for nothing. But it was enough. He…he hated Flos for what he had done. But the man had made war for the Gnolls. Raelt hated Flos for his strength, his armies.
But he wasn’t a man Raelt loathed. That was a crucial difference. Raelt had tried to kill him twice.
“Enough is enough. I’m sorry, Lyfelt. I’m…”
The [King] had the hardest task of all now. He sat there for a moment. Because next—when he rose—he would have to wait the night away until Orthenon came by at midnight. And until that moment—he would have to tell his friend he was letting him die.
When he rose. So Raelt sat a while. Wishing he could weep, rather than feel relieved.
 
—-
 
It was over. The black screen on the scrying orbs around the world suddenly turned back to Noass and Sir Relz launching into their next segment.
“—sorry for the technical glitch, folks. Just a minor…minor event on our end. Now, er—I think—think we have a guest—”
The Drake was clearly frazzled. But recovering, looking for a guest—
“—yes! Er—you there. We have an excellent [Sweeper], a real tale of the common working—Gnoll. You sir, what’s your name?”
A rather bewildered Gnoll was pushed in front of the camera. Nerrhavia’s Fallen, the Claiven Earth, Medain’s armies were given the order to stop mustering.
It was ov—
