7.47 K
Page 37
The ship rammed into Zamea’s leg and the half-Giantess screamed in agony. The impact knocked everyone who wasn’t prepared for it off their feet. Which was a quarter of her crew. And Orthenon. He stumbled.
Rasea Zecrew leapt for him. She brought down her sword and the [Steward] pivoted. He blocked her strike, cut one of the Centaur’s crossbow bolts in half. He grabbed the railing. Rasea brought her sword down.
“[Flash Cut].”
She was aiming for his chest. The [Steward] saw the blow and raised his hand. Rasea changed the angle of the cut.
Orthenon’s forefinger and middle finger fell to the deck. The [Steward]’s face twisted with pain and fury. His blade blurred—Rasea’s stomach opened. She stepped back, clutching at her guts to hold them in.
“Get—”
He was gone. He’d taken his fingers too. Rasea swore and looked around. Then she ducked as something struck the mast.
Reim’s army was attacking the ship. One of the half-Giants hurled a huge stone. It tore through one of the sails.
“I think we have their attention, Captain!”
Some of the [Pirates] were loosing arrows at the [Army of the King]. They were actually clinging to the ship, trying to board it as the wave swept the foot soldiers around. Rasea saw Zamea raise her axe and throw it.
“[Evasive Turn]!”
The [Helmsman] dodged the huge axe. Rasea saw the Illusionist on horseback, coming their way.
“I think you’re right, Vree. Well then. All hands, brace! [Helmsman]—get us out of here!”
The Illuminary turned again. It shot back into the surf. And then—out to sea. Rasea heard an enraged bellow from the half-Giants. She waved at them.
Reim’s army watched the Illuminary go. Then—they realized the [Pirates] were still firing the ship-mounted weapons as they sped away. The land-based army fell back in disarray.
“Where’s his Majesty?”
Teres stared at the [Pirate]’s ship. The Minotaur’s warships were sailing into the distance. With the Sharphorns. But Rasea’s ship was still turning. Trying to hit the half-Giants who were grimly retreating.
“Ulyse is dead. Where is King Reimarch?”
Orthenon rode towards them. He was covered in saltwater. And…his right hand was missing two fingers. Teres gasped. Ytol looked around.
The King of Destruction pulled himself out of the surf. Flos Reimarch looked around. He was shaking with fury. The Illuminary had nearly drowned him.
“Savere’s [Pirates]? I will crush Savere and the Siren!”
The King of Destruction would have remained on the beach as the Illuminary kept firing. But they had no way of catching or boarding the ship. And—the House of Minos was gone and Medain’s army had retreated to the walls.
With the High King and the King of Jecrass. Worse—Teres felt the strength of the [Army of the King] leaving her. The King of Destruction was raving with fury. Orthenon pressed a bandage against his hand.
“We have to reattach them. Get the [Healer] and sew them on. Maybe…”
Mars was looking around. Reim’s army was milling around in confusion. They had been…
Defeated? But all of their opponents had fled the field! And yet—Teres looked at the King of Destruction, swearing vengeance on Savere and Rasea Zecrew. The battered army. Then, one of the remaining [Mages] stepped away from the shell-shocked Esiela.
“Your Majesty.”
Flos Reimarch turned with a snarl. The next words made him go still.
“Nerrhavia’s Fallen has just declared war on Reim. So have the Claiven Earth, Savere…and a dozen other nations.”
