7.47 K
Page 14
“We will rescue the King of Jecrass, then. Our mission has just changed slightly. As for our flanks—pull up those two battalions there—we’ll keep two thousand horse in reserve to ward off a charge—but this battle should be over before he can reach us.”
Indeed, even Jecrass’ fleeing, broken army had yet to reach the impending battlefield. They were travelling wide anyways; Jecrass was still at war with Reim.
It was the House of Minos who now advanced.
“Your orders, your Majesty?”
Flos of Reim looked ahead. At General Ozem.
“I think it is him. I recognize that armor. He was on one of the warships. Do you remember, Mars?”
The Illusionist hesitated. Then she ducked her head.
“Always, lord. But this isn’t the time to be lost in the past. They are a dangerous foe.”
“I know that. But permit me my memory. I swore upon my waking that I would settle things with the King of Minotaurs. This…will be a fine first step. Is all in readiness?”
He turned his head and regarded his army.
“Ready, King of Destruction.”
Shepherd Zamea boomed, shouldering her vast axe.
“The Rustängmarder stand ready to march. But your advance will be slower than the rest of the army’s sire. That is my command.”
[Death Commander] Ytol bowed. The King of Destruction flicked his eyes to him, but nodded shortly.
“The Serpent Hunters are prepared.”
Jelaim called out.
“Parasol Stroll will begin spellcasting as soon as they are within range.”
Ulyse and [Grand Mage] Esiela stood at the front, their catalysts shimmering with power. Flos nodded at them. Then he looked ahead.
“My [Steward].”
Orthenon raised his spear. He was circling, ready to charge the Minotaur’s flanks and their siege weapons.
Last, the King of Destruction looked at the two riding with him.
“You will stay back, Teres. I have battled the Minotaurs in their strength only once. But—I think this engagement will be too dangerous for you yet.”
“B—”
Teres caught herself, and then nodded. She rode backwards, stationing herself with Ytol. She saw the wariness in Flos’ eyes.
“The last time we fought them, they barely had time to open up with those damn war weapons of theirs. It was all boarding action, aside from their damn King’s axes destroying ships. It’s giving me an uneasy feeling. As well as that axe their leader’s carrying. It’s a Gold-rank slayer. Stick with the Rustängmarder, your majesty.”
Mars the Illusionist was last. He nodded at her advice.
“I don’t intend to give them any advantage, Mars. First them—then this High King. Now, my Illusionist—will you do me the honors of beginning this battle with your challenge?”
She smiled.
“I would accept nothing less.”
Mars the Illusionist rode through the ranks, at the head of the army. The [Soldiers] slowed. And Teres heard their cheer again. Flos began it himself.
“Mars! Mars the Illusionist! Mars of Reim!”
She dismounted from her horse as she reached the head of the army and began to stride forwards on foot to the cheers. Across from his army, the House of Minos’ force had slowed and begun their final preparations.
 
—-
 
“We are nearly within range, General Ozem. Your targets?”
The Minotaur who spoke was lamed. One of his arms was shriveled, deformed, unable to function. He was the [Master of Artillery].
“The [Steward]. Then—target the half-Giants. The catapults are to attack the bulk of the army on foot. Honor to you, Nervhetti.”
The [General] replied and the Minotaur grinned. He clasped his good hand to his breast.
“A privilege, General Ozem!”
