7.47 K
Page 21
The ballistae rearmed itself. Across from him, the catapult crews had seized the arm. Six Minotaurs dragged it down with a roar, anchoring it. The Minotauress in charge, the [Catapult Mistress], adjusted her aim slightly. The arm of the catapult tore the air again. The Minotaurs dragged it down. Four seconds later—the catapult loosed.
The ballistae were slower—but only just. The crews worked with relentless efficiency, loading and firing. They put six more shots into the air before the first bolt landed.
Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump—
It sounded like the beating of his heart. The [Master of Artillery] was in motion, aiming, loosing—his world was readjusting, finding new targets. Feeling the strain of his weapon unloading. And then, at last, finally—he saw the first bolt land.
 
—-
 
It was coming straight for the King of Destruction. Flos Reimarch looked up.
“[Bulwark Shield].”
One of the Rustängmarder called out. Parasol Stroll’s [Mages] were already casting. Three of them pointed up.
“[Arcane Barrier]!”
A shimmering, concave arc formed in the air. Teres saw the glowing bolt falling, falling—
It struck the magic in the air and detonated. Teres saw a flash of violet light and white. Two brilliant colors, blinding—
The impact made everyone duck. Flos of Reim shielded his face. The [Mages] cried out.
“The force—”
“Brace!”
Ytol’s voice rang out again. And the other bolts struck. They landed across the army. And this time—there was no magical shield to stop them.
Teres saw one land fifty feet away. It missed striking the ranks of [Soldiers], hitting the earth. There—it detonated.
She saw a flash of green and red this time. Like fireworks.
The explosion consumed dozens of people around it. The rest were thrown back like toys. Teresa stared.
“But that’s…”
“Shields up! Archers—[Interception Fire]!”
The [Death Commander] was looking up. More objects were falling. Orbs—like alchemical flasks, bursting across Reim’s army, landing in unpredictable showers. Where they fell, they exploded.
Like grenades. Teres heard screams, deafening blasts. And then the second volley struck. Teres saw the volley ripple across Reim’s army. Then—a second one.
Thumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthumpthump—the siege weapons were reloading and firing as fast as they had at sea. Only this time—they were using enchanted munitions.
“Hold your ground! Keep your shields raised!”
Ytol was bellowing, somehow audible among the explosions. The [Soldiers] were panicking. It was the King of Destruction himself who overrode the order.
“Advance! Spread out and advance! Parasol Stroll—block those weapons and attack!”
The [Mages] and [Archers] began to reply as more glowing barriers appeared in the air. Reim’s army began to spread out, staggering themselves. Suddenly—the mile of distance looked far too far.
“Orthenon!”
The King of Destruction raised his voice from his vanguard of Rustängmarder. Teres saw the [Steward] in the distance. His cavalry had split, avoiding the bolts launched at him. He couldn’t have missed the destruction. Now—he was charging.
 
—-
 
“The King’s Steward is coming. [Lineholders], push him back.”
General Ozem hadn’t moved. He saw the wing of cavalry pushing on them from the left. He hadn’t given Orthenon an opening, but the [Steward] must have decided the artillery had to die now.
 
—-
 
The [Master of Artillery] changed his aim from the half-Giants. They were raising shields, some of them blocking the ballistae bolts coming at them, but most were able to dodge at this range. Now—he aimed at the riders.
