7.47 K
Page 4
“They’ve finally found a place to bring the fight to the King of Destruction. Looks like…a lot of Sharphorns. And [Lineholders]. Yes…it makes sense. The idiots—where’s the artillery?”
That was all Venaz said. His friends watched him.
“Who’re the Minotaurs, Venaz?”
Merrik squinted at the orb. Venaz started. He looked at them and then shook his head.
“I forget you wouldn’t know. Anyone of the House of Minos would…they have to be watching. They’d have informed the King once they made their decision to land. They’re all watching.”
 
—-
 
Venaz was right.
From the House of Minos, they gathered to look into the scrying orbs. Minotaurs, young and old, most on their island, but across the world—from Calruz and Bezale in Liscor’s prison, to the throne of the House of Minos.
Prince Khedal folded his arms as he watched the advance of the Minotaurs from their warships.
“They mean to bring the fight to the King of Destruction, my liege. His forces have slowed; it may be another hour before they enter into range.”
“What of the battle between Jecrass and Medain?”
The voice that came from the throne was female. Khedal glanced at the battle dismissively. He turned his head.
“Both sides are adding forces to the fight but neither one is triumphing, my King. Medain’s main army is growing closer. Should our forces…?”
“No. They will have the King of Destruction to contend with. And stop calling me, ‘my King’, brother.”
She sat on the throne. The King of the House of Minos, since it was a royal title, not bound by distinction of gender.
The King of Minotaurs. Prince Khedal nodded. They were bound by blood.
“The young [Prince] will be disappointed you forbade him from joining General Ozem’s forces.”
“He isn’t ready.”
That was all his mother said. Khedal nodded. He looked down at the forces below. Four armies, three of them of Chandrar. His hands clenched and unclenched, and the [Prince] wished he were there. He growled into the orb.
“Fight gloriously, Humans. You owe your opponents no less.”
 
—-
 
Reim’s army had slowed their advance. They were moving away from the battle with Jecrass’ army and Medain’s. High King Perric was clearly wary of both armies since he’d slowed his forces to create offensive lines against either one pressing at him.
But he needn’t have worried. Both the King of Destruction and Minotaurs were locked on each other. The Minotaurs were advancing faster, away from their ships.
It was a curious tactical move. But the King of Minotaurs did not order the [General] to abort. It was his battle. And indeed—it was forcing Flos’ hand.
“They’re trying to advance on us. So if we fall back we’ll be caught in the pass.”
That was Jelaim’s frank assessment. He wasn’t one of the commanders around Flos, but he shared their insight here. He shook his head, baring his teeth.
“But we outnumber them by…”
Teres was astounded. She heard the count coming in; Orthenon had sped along the coast, checking for ambushes or tricks. As far as he could tell—there were none.
“Your Majesty, Orthenon believes this is the entirety of their force not counting the skeleton crews holding their warships.”
“And how many landed?”
The King of Destruction looked ahead. The elevation dropped to sea level from the pass, so they could actually see the distant ships.
Teres saw the huge sails, and thought they were massive. Not as large as her world’s—but close. For a medieval-type ship? Possibly as large as Earth had ever made.
