7.47 K
Page 34
They were singing again. The House of Minos’ last [Warriors] faced the Steward of the King of Destruction. Orthenon held up a hand. He saw the warships unfurling their sails.
“Lord Orthenon, do we attack?”
“The warships will repel us before we are able to stop them. Wait for his Majesty. He will want to be here.”
The King of Destruction was only a minute behind them. The [Ruinbringer Steward] saw the Minotaurs spreading out on the sand. For a glorious, honorable death. He wasn’t interested in them.
He felt…uneasy. The [Army of the King] had been used. The Emperor of Sands, Reim’s countless enemies would not miss this opportunity. But there was an opportunity here.
Medain’s army. Orthenon’s head turned. They were still not at their capital. Countless [Soldiers] had surrendered. But Mars—
Yes. Orthenon calculated it. She’d catch High King Perric. And he could surrender or die; the Illusionist would capture him.
Medain might fall today, if all was well. And Jecrass as well. That might turn a victory out of this costly battle. Orthenon cared not for the Minotaurs here. They were young. He might have let them go, but the King of Destruction would not. Their deaths were meaningless.
“Lord Orthenon—”
One of his [Riders] interrupted Orthenon watching the fleeing High King. He looked ahead at the pointing finger. The white sails had turned crimson.
All seven of them. He frowned.
“A warship is coming.”
The [Rider] pointed. Orthenon stared at a distant ship.
“Reinforcements?”
“They’ll have to make it here. Wait for his Majesty. We’ll finish the Minotaurs first.”
One of Medain’s fleet, perhaps. The [Steward] turned back. Then looked forwards again. The ship was making for the coast at speed. Faster than the Minotaur’s warships, which had slowed.
“It’s…going to ground itself.”
Orthenon stared at the distant ship. He had been raised in the Empire of Drath. The King of Destruction was shouting, pointing at the Minotaurs. Orthenon felt…his…instincts…
“Your Majesty. Fall back! Fall—”
He turned. The enemy warship was landing. It was coming on faster, and faster. It was going to run ashore. And then he saw the light.
The distant ship began glowing.
Only one ship in the world did that. The ship began to shine. And still—it didn’t stop.
“Prepare for irregular reinforcements! With me!”
The [Steward] raced towards the shore. The Illuminary shot forwards. He saw a woman with a huge, classic [Pirate]’s hat standing at the prow of her ship.
Captain Rasea Zecrew. One of the most famous [Pirates] in the world.
 
—-
 
She was crying. The [Pirate Lady] kept sniffing and dabbing at her eyes as the wind howled around her. Her ship was headed straight for the shore.
“What a time to be alive. Look there. There’s the legend of this era.”
She pointed. The King of Destruction had noticed her at last. Her crew was laughing. Cheering. The [Helmsman] took them forwards as the winds blew into the sails and the Illuminary picked up more speed.
“The King of Destruction. I wish I had been born when he was at his strongest.”
Rasea brushed a tear out of her eyes. Then she pointed.
“Okay, enough crying. Full speed ahead!”
The Illuminary shot past the Minotaurian warships, the startled Sharphorns. Onto the beach, towards the King of Destruction, the advancing [Stewards], the half-Giants.
The [Pirate]’s ship went aground—and then kept going. Orthenon stared as the ship shot over the first hundred meters of beach. The waters came with it. No—he saw something pushing the ship.
“A w—turn! Turn and—”
