7.47 K
Page 23
The [Steward] fell back. He struck twice more, each time meeting Minotaurs who refused to yield. And the ballistae began firing at point blank.
 
—-
 
“He’s…retreating?”
Teresa saw the [Steward] falling back. The living were riding back with him, weaving, dodging the artillery’s fire. The ghosts still assailed the Minotaurs from all sides, bloodying them. But Orthenon was pulling back.
He’d failed to break their lines alone. The King of Destruction was shouting.
“Cover the ground! With me!”
His army was trying to reach the Minotaur’s lines before the artillery could resume their onslaught. Orthenon had bought them a few minutes with his charge. But the [Master of Artillery] had swung his weapon back towards the King of Destruction. Again—he launched a fortune of fortunes of ammunition at the King of Destruction’s army. No.
“Ural!”
The bellow came from above. One of the half-Giants screamed. A glowing bolt had hit her in the shoulder, tearing her flesh down to the bone. Even her skin—Zamea raised her axe, blocking a second bolt.
They were aiming at the half-Giants. The Nomads of the Sky fell behind. Flos Reimarch saw a half-Giant flailing, screaming as a barrage from a catapult set his body aflame with alchemical fire.
“Zamea, guard your people! Hold your ground!”
The half-Giantess looked up, eyes blazing. But the Nomads began to fall back.
 
—-
 
“To the Master of Artillery: keep the half-Giants from advancing.”
General Ozem saw the full force of Reim’s army coming. Now, the [Steward] was circling. He’d hit them again in conjunction with the main army.
And still—the House of Minos’ lines didn’t move. The artillery was launching more deadly salvos across Reim’s forces and at the half-Giants, the riders. But the Minotaurs had yet to fight save on the flanks.
“The Illusionist is coming.”
Neriha spoke. Ozem saw her leading the charge on his position. He reached out. The First Horn clasped his arm.
“Fight gloriously, Neriha.”
She raised her axe and threw it. The [Vanguard] raised her shield and the impact rang. Neriha charged to the roars of the army.
And now Reim’s forces were unloading their fury onto the House of Minos.
“Shields.”
Ozem raised his own as the arrows began landing. The Minotaurs waited. The [Onslaught General] saw a flicker of magic.
 
—-
 
Parasol Stroll.
“[Siege Fireball]. [Chain Lightning]. [Acid Orbs]—”
[Grand Mage] Esiela was linked. Ulyse and a dozen [Mages] cast the spells with her as the focal point. She unloaded the first wave of spells at the Minotaurs. Magical artillery to match the ones that had punished Reim’s army.
The first spells were aimed straight at General Ozem. Esiela saw a vast ball of fire shooting at the enemy. Slow enough to dodge. But not bunched up as they were! She saw the old Minotaurs in front raising tower shields. The fire bloomed—
And vanished.
 
—-
 
“[Spellbreaker Guard].”
The [Elite Bodyguard] of General Ozem caught the first spells on their shields. Ozem felt the heat, heard the sizzle of ozone. Minotaurs groaned, bellowing with pain.
They couldn’t block the spells perfectly. Yet—the magic failed to reach him. He saw the second rank of spells change targets.
 
—-
 
“[Chain Lightning].”
This time the lightning ran through a group of the younger Minotaurs. Esiela saw their bodies illuminate, jerk. She aimed her staff again as more than half failed to rise, even as their comrades dragged them back, trying to apply potions.
“Volley [Acid Orbs] up. Rain it down on them.”
Ulyse’s order. Esiela obeyed. She aimed at another group, aiming up to arc the spells.
