7.47 K
Page 3
Rhata pushed the piece forwards with her nose. Zevara stared down at the grey rat, affronted. Haldagaz nibbled on a cracker. Neither rat had played chess, of course, although Calruz had taught them to move pieces.
The Minotaur sat across from the Drake, at the barrier of his cell. Zevara scowled. It was a custom of theirs, now, to have moments like this.
“I give. How is the monster-clearing work going? I didn’t get to check with you yesterday.”
Grumpily, Zevara folded her arms. Calruz scratched at his chin. He looked more…alive, since she had made part of his imprisonment fighting monsters.
“I—”
The dungeon’s door blew open. Zevara heard loud voices raised in argument. She spun, putting her hand on the sword. Calruz straightened as Rhata and Haldagaz leapt onto his shoulders in alarm.
It was Bezale. She came down the dungeon.
“What is the meaning of—”
“Calruz of Hammerad. You have to see this.”
Bezale stopped in front of his cell, panting. Two of the [Guard] followed, weapons trained on her. She was unarmed. But she did have a scrying orb in hand. Calruz blinked at her.
“Why are you here?”
Zevara was about to order the Minotauress to put down the orb. She kept tabs on who visited Calruz. Erin, Olesm—and yes, Bezale, twice—but the Minotauress had put aside everything. She thrust the orb urgently forwards. This went beyond criminality. Minotaur looked at Minotaur.
“Look.”
Calruz saw the scrying orb, the gesticulating Drakes. And then the distant army, marching towards the King of Destruction. The view cut to [Mages] on the ground, trying to call out to the Minotaurs who ignored them. His eyes widened.
“The House of Minos.”
“They’ve gone to war.”
He saw Bezale nod. She stood there, then looked around. Zevara blinked at Bezale.
“Why did you come?”
“Our home has gone to war. Prisoner—whoever. This matters.”
The [Spellscribe] answered her succinctly. Then she sat down, cross-legged. Calruz copied her. Zevara looked at them. Both Minotaurs—
 
—-
 
—Were watching. Venaz stood there, in front of the scrying orb, eyes locked onto it.
Wil was gone, still waiting for the [Alchemist] to come back with the results of the poison-test he’d performed on Yerranola. But the other [Strategists] were there.
“Grandfather’s beards. Minotaurs? You know about this, Venaz?”
“Of course. I didn’t expect them to show up now…”
Venaz answered Merrik without looking away. Peki and Feshi glanced up. The Gnoll growled softly.
“The House of Minos. But why did they come? I heard about the payment—some of the tribes gave money too. But why oppose the King of Destruction so fiercely? Did he attack them?”
“He never did. Minotaurs attacked him.”
Peki squinted at Venaz. He glanced at her and nodded.
“Our King decreed it. Just like this time—she’s…hold on. Get out of the way, you stupid Drakes! Show me—ah.”
He bent down, snorting, as the image turned to the two Minotaurs leading the small army again. Venaz made a sound.
“She sent them. Of course.”
“Who?”
The huge Minotaur in front was clearly a [General]. Unlike the younger Minotaurs striding behind him in ranks, the one in front wore a battered, bronze-ish armor, clearly enchanted from the way it seemed to glitter oddly in the light, even with no rays of sun hitting it directly. He stood proudly, holding the axe he’d thrown as well as carrying a huge two-handed battleaxe. But he was—old.
His fur and mane had turned grey. That was the real clue. In fact…Feshi thought the other one, a Minotauress, looked just as elderly.
