7.47 K
Page 10
The rider struck at the adventurer with a spear and the two exchanged blows as more of Medain’s elites moved forwards. The rider turned.
“Princess! That way!”
He pointed and the Gold-rank jabbed. Jecaina saw a burst of fire. She turned—and ran. She heard a voice, saw, for a moment, at the center of the fighting, a figure on foot.
“Jecaina!”
Raelt of Jecrass was fighting without his horse. He had his parrying dagger and sword; both were covered up to the hilts in red. He looked—Jecaina saw his head turning.
“Father!”
She shouted—and felt an impact on her back. Jecaina turned; one of the Golden Ranks had thrown something.
A net. The adventurer grinned as he hauled her back.
“To me! We’ve got the [Princess]!”
The battle turned around Jecaina in a moment. But—she saw Jecrass’ [Riders] plunging forwards, fighting in the press. But they were light cavalry! They weren’t meant for a fight like this. And half were on foot. Which meant they’d lost their mounts.
Medain’s army had finally caught up. Now—the Golden Ranks and fastest of their infantry were amid the fighting. Jecaina fought wildly, but the net thrower’s bindings were like steel. She was dragged backwards, into their grip again.
So helpless. Jecaina wanted to shout. One Gold-rank—or even two! But an army surrounded her. She was dragged backwards as Medain’s ranks closed around her.
Then she saw a tall man. Not as tall as her father. He had a crown, and he was strong, armored in numerous artifacts and surrounded by the Golden Ranks, his elites. High King Perric looked down at Jecaina with a triumphant look on his face.
“Princess Jecaina. You have inconvenienced us quite a bit.”
High King Perric gestured to his soldiers.
“Take her to the capital at once. Force Jecrass’ soldiers back. Don’t tear them completely to bits. We need their army to take on the King of Destruction.”
“Let go of me! You have no right, you coward!”
Jecaina fought the hands around her. Perric looked at her with a flash of anger at that last word. But he turned past her.
“Amplify my voice. Raelt of Jecrass! Your daughter is my captive! Pull your forces back now!”
His words boomed across the battlefield. Jecrass’ soldiers stopped fighting and saw, at last, Jecaina being dragged onto a horse. The Golden Ranks surrounding her. She saw a man on the ground look up. His circlet of gold—her father met her eyes.
“There you are.”
Raelt muttered. He’d been so worried, looking for her among the bodies, the fighting. So—he stumbled forwards.
“Your Majesty—”
Geril was next to him. The old retainer had fought through everything to stay with him. General Lael? She might be in the fighting. Or dead. Raelt didn’t know. Right now—he didn’t care.
There she was.
King Perric frowned as he saw Raelt stumbling forwards. The man looked half-dead, covered in blood and wounds.
“King Leysars, you will turn your army to do battle with the King of Destruction! Your daughter is—”
Could he even hear him? Perric raised his voice. And he saw the King of Duel’s eyes turn towards him.
“Perric.”
Raelt came to a stop. He seemed to take in the odds only now. Medain’s elites, standing fresh and ready and Jecrass’ exhausted army.
The King of Destruction had managed to transport a vast army with him. But Raelt’s desperate riders hadn’t a chance. Not against Medain’s full army.
