7.47 K
Page 5
Warships. Six of them. The House of Minos had built vast vessels with reinforced hulls—the kind made for battles with sea serpents and bombardments from other ships at sea. Magically reinforced woods, steel-plated bows.
Each one could hold about a thousand Minotaur [Warriors] in addition to the skeleton crew. Now—all six had disembarked their forces.
But that—was such a strange number as Teres heard it.
Six thousand Minotaurs? They were outnumbered at least fourteen-to-one. She expected Flos Reimarch to laugh. She nearly scoffed aloud until something made Teres shiver.
That was like how Flos had fought Jecrass.
 
—-
 
Still—their army puzzled the armchair [Strategists], the viewers from afar. Noass spoke loudly into the scrying orb as Niers motioned for him to be muted.
“No horse complement. No…archers? What kind of an army is this? Drassi, as a bit of a [Strategist] myself, I have to say that this looks more and more like a bl—”
He was mercifully silenced. The Titan raised his head.
“Anyone share that Drake’s opinion?”
His new students shifted. They were still too nervous to freely vouch their opinions and anyways—they rightly suspected this question was a trap.
“It—it is an unusual composition, Professor. The King of Destruction has a famous cavalry-leader in his [Steward], as well as powerful [Mages] and archers. Um—they don’t seem to have many [Mages] either.”
A half-Elf put up his hand defiantly. He was from Terandria. Niers nodded.
“All fair. But this is what you’re missing. They have an advantage few armies carry, especially in those numbers.”
He pointed. Artillery. His students looked at the odd contraptions. Only the Drakes and Princess Angelica were intimately familiar with them.
Weapons of war. It wasn’t unknown; far from it. But when a [Mage] could cast [Siege Fireball], why carry around ammunition and weaponry? The process of building them was a secret known widely only to Drakes and Minotaurs. Now, Niers eyed the siege weapons on the field, being pulled by their teams.
Eighteen ballistae. Seven catapults.
Another hand rose. This time from the [Princess] again.
“Not trebuchets, Professor? Even the Drakes have them.”
The Titan didn’t raise his head.
“Venaz would be able to tell you, Princess Angelica, that trebuchets are poor weapons for combat on an open field. They’re meant for besieging. Moreover—these are Minotaur-class artillery. Do you recall how they fought at sea?”
He meant the battle with the [Strategists] and their encounter with Prince Khedal’s warship. The others nodded. The Titan stared at the orb.
“There you go.”
He did not elaborate. Now, Niers looked at the Minotaur leading the army. As much as the types of warriors that had been brought…the question remained who led them.
 
—-
 
“We took gold to strike against him…it feels like years ago. But the House of Minos could not attack immediately, inland as Reim was. General Ozem must have seized the moment to strike.”
Venaz pointed into the orb at the old Minotaur leading the rest. Feshi narrowed her eyes.
“He must be mad. Or extremely high-level. There are two of the King’s Seven there—if you count Orthenon. And the King of Destruction himself.”
“And he has his famous Skill. What are they hoping to do? How good is this General Ozem, Venaz?”
Merrik added. Like Noass, and some of Niers’ class, he shared the Drake’s skepticism. This looked like a poor fight. The Minotaur rubbed at his chin.
