7.47 K
Page 31
They had a future. Ozem hesitated. He saw the Sharphorns moving back. But slower—they needed his Skills. He looked at his comrades.
“You have given me victory, friends. Die well.”
They turned their backs to him, fighting. Ozem ran through enemy [Soldiers], hacking, fighting to escape. They pierced his armor—but another potion bought him time. Behind him—Galran and the Minotaurs made a stand.
 
—-
 
The House of Minos was retreating. Reim’s army poured forwards. They were slowed; the Minotaurs buried deep within their ranks fought until they were brought down. And they died slowly, with the weight of their levels and age keeping them fighting long past their lifespans.
But they did die. It was inevitable. And finally—the Minotaur’s artillery was silenced. The [Mages] overwhelmed them with spells.
The [Master of Artillery] struck the bolt against his ballista as the enemy closed in around him. It was the last explosion. And it bought time.
The Sharphorns and the last of Ozem’s veterans fell back with the [General] himself. They were pursued.
Flos’ army was reforming. Now—the King of Destruction had demanded a mount. His Rustängmarder had been torn down to a dozen, including Ytol. One of the half-Giants lay wounded. The Serpent Hunters had taken fierce casualties, and five of Parasol Stroll had died.
And he had used his Skill. The King of Destruction’s fury was palpable.
“Run them down. Not one of the Minotaurs will live.”
Orthenon was already in pursuit. The Minotaurs were moving as fast as possible. Ozem was using every Skill to hasten their progress back to the coastline. But it was far to go.
Another army was in full-retreat as well. Medain’s army was hurrying back to their capital.
“Milord. The King of Jecrass.”
“I know!”
Flos Reimarch snapped. He looked at Medain’s army.
“Kill the Minotaurs. Then we will wipe out Medain’s army. The [Army of the King] will not rest until this battle is done. Take the foot, Mars. Kill High King Perric and bring me his head.”
His forces split. The cavalry and half-Giants raced after the House of Minos. And High King Perric’s forces saw a horde of fast-moving infantry closing.
“Leave the heavy foot behind! Golden Ranks, with me!”
He began to race for the capital. But the King of Destruction’s army was nearly as fast as horses, some of them. Both forces ran for the coastline, the beaches, the distant Minotaur warships and the capital’s walls.
General Ozem looked back and saw the King of Destruction and the [Steward] riding on him. He looked at his army.
He had won. They had won a great victory.
Now, it was time to die.
 
—-
 
They ran. Sprinted, without regard for their endurance. They were trying to outrun horses.
Ozem ran with them. Every inch of him longed to have been with his comrades. But he had a duty. Honor and duty.
The young. He should have fought closer to the coastline. The House of Minos had asked for those unafraid to die. But these—they had a future.
“Sharphorns. Drop armor. Drop secondary weapons. Drop shields!”
His voice made the Minotaurs hesitate. Then the younger Minotaurs dropped their gear. Shields, armor, throwing axes—everything. They carried only one weapon.
“Run! Pick up the pace! Who is the highest commander living?”
“General!”
A young voice. A [Sea Captain]—she slowed.
“Your name!”
He knew it, vaguely. The Minotauress carried a long axe.
“Seler of Maweil!”
She saw the old Minotaur grin.
“Good. When I fall, you will take command. Get your force to the ships if possible. If not—”
“Ozem!”
The roar came from behind them. Both Minotaurs looked back.
