7.47 K
Page 27
Neriha was dying. But the Illusionist had yet to kill her. Ozem plunged towards his target, the one he had known was his from the start. Behind him the House of Minos fought, trying to hold Reim’s forces back.
Then the Serpent Hunters and Orthenon’s forces reached the first ballista.
 
—-
 
The [Master of Artillery] saw them overwhelming the [Loaders] in the distance. The ballista on the flank was in danger of being taken or destroyed! He saw Stitch-Warriors knifing the [Loaders] who fought back with their side arms. Falling.
The [Catapult Mistress] fell backwards, a dagger in her chest, poisoned. She raised her voice.
“Maweil’s sails, guide me h—”
The [Master of Artillery] saw a bloom as every enchanted munitions she had left detonated at once. Reim’s forces—and the Minotaurs around her vanished.
Orthenon had been plunging towards a second catapult. But he slowed as he saw the destruction. Fearlessly, the weapon aimed at him.
“This is how we die, Humans.”
The [Master of Artillery] laughed. He fired again. He had one job. Keep the half-Giants back. He saw them retreating another hundred feet.
He was almost out of enchanted ammunition. But he’d saved one last bolt. Until the end, then. He saw General Ozem moving forwards at last.
[Elite Bodyguards]. Axebearers. Greathammers. [Veteran Lineholders]. The highest-level, most elite Minotaurs that Ozem had under his command. Nearly two hundred of them. He had held them until he had his opening. Saved every Skill. Now—the [Onslaught General] pointed.
“There.”
He and his vanguard moved forwards suddenly. So fast that it caught everyone off-guard. The younger warriors fell back, moving aside to let them pass. The [General] picked up speed. He carried the axe that had killed the Gold-ranks. His battleaxe—the weapon he normally used—was still on his back.
The throwing axe. General Ozem hefted it.
“This is one of the twin Axehorns of Minos. Her Majesty gave it to me. I must return it to her.”
The personal weapon of the King of Minos. He lifted it up now.
It was not his Skill. But he had borrowed it with her weapon.
“[Axe of the Gigant].”
He lifted the weapon, aimed—threw. The [Soldiers] looked up as he aimed at his target. The House of Minos’ [Warriors] roared.
For a moment, an axe worthy of a Giant spun through the air. Zamea saw it land, carving its way through the army towards its target. She saw the [Onslaught General] and his vanguard charging.
 
—-
 
“My King—”
Orthenon spun. He had sensed the Skill. He broke off his attack on the artillery. Frowning.
 
—-
 
“Damn you!”
Neriha laughed. She had Mars. The [Vanguard] struggled, her sword stabbing. Blades cut at the First Horn. Illusions sprung into half-reality. Neriha’s face was a mask of blood. But she was gloating.
“I’ve won, Illusionist. I’ve won.”
She had Mars in a huge bear hug. She had dropped her axes. Mars stabbed her repeatedly, but the Minotauress had seized her and refused to let go. Mars was cursing. Ozem was—he was—
Aiming at her [King]? No—Mars saw his trajectory and realize. Not at Flos. She struggled. But it was too late.
 
—-
 
“Do you see where he’s aiming?”
The Titan looked up. No one answered him. He looked down at the battlefield. It was so obvious to him.
 
—-
 
Flos of Reim turned. He saw the axe clear a path. And the [Onslaught General] was charging now. He hit his target as he crashed into the army.
Away from Orthenon. Too far for the immobilized Mars to reach him in time to stop.
Past the King of Destruction.
