7.47 K
Page 2
To Baleros, the King of Destruction had seen a greater threat in the Great Companies of Baleros. So—he had sent his [Gambler of Fates], Queravia and made for her with the bulk of his army. She had landed first after storms at sea which had delayed his fleet. There she had made a stand.
And died. The Titan of Baleros had slain her. But perhaps—history might have been different if reinforcements had arrived in time. That they had not was due to two battles at sea. The King of Destruction was weak on the ocean, having little experience there compared to his land offensives.
Two navies had fought his. The first—from Rhir. The Blighted King’s warriors had destroyed the reinforcements bound for Izril. The second army had ambushed the King of Destruction.
Minotaurs. They had nearly destroyed his fleets; but for the sacrifice of Tottenval, the Gardener, they might have killed Flos himself. That was what Teres knew.
The King of Destruction had never spoken about Minotaurs. Now—he stared at the distant army.
“Milord. They bear the House of Minos’ standards.”
“Of course they do. Order Orthenon back from entering the battle. I want him to flank them; tell him to check for any other forces lurking out of sight.”
Flos’ voice was quiet. Mars nodded.
“Your Majesty. Do we advance on them or fall back?”
Death Commander Ytol spoke. Like Mars—he had gone still at the sight of the Minotaurs. It made Teres’ hair stand up. She had never heard one of Flos’ officers suggest a retreat.
Perhaps—because they had never thought it was necessary before. She looked at Mars. Normally, the [Vanguard] was always spoiling for a fight and laughing, even drinking before battle. This time, she looked intense. She began checking her armor and weapons.
“Retreat, Ytol? With two nations fighting before us?”
Flos answered the Death Commander quietly. Ytol glanced at the army.
“We did not prepare for a battle with Minotaurs, your Majesty.”
The King of Destruction’s jaw worked. He hadn’t taken his eyes off the distant Minotaurs.
“The one with that axe killed three Gold-ranks. I know that weapon. I think I remember him. From the battle at sea.”
“Check for Prince Khedal or the King of Minotaurs. Sire, if one or both are here—”
“I said—advance, Ytol. Spread out. Let’s see what they brought to fight me.”
The King of Destruction’s hands tightened on his horse’s reins. Mars glanced at Ytol and nodded. Blank-faced, the man bowed.
“F—your Majesty? Why are they here?”
Teres saw Flos look at her and flinched. He blinked and smiled—but it changed nothing. The King of Destruction sat up slightly.
“I never knew their hearts, Teresa Atwood. They attacked me once at sea, declaring war though I had chosen to avoid fighting them. As for why—perhaps just that they put themselves against me. To the death. They ended my dream once. I would like to return the favor now.”
Teres saw him turn ahead, and then the air was full of orders and she was only in the way. She rode, seeing the other army marching at them. A tiny force compared to the vanguard the King of Destruction had brought to fight both nations at once.
And yet—they disturbed her.
Why had they come?
 
—-
 
As was often said, the world watched. Noass and Drassi were commentating. At one point, the [Gossip] turned [Reporter] just threw her notes up in the air.
They did not understand. They were Drakes, being advised by Wistram. Minotaurs seldom entered the academy.
But there were Minotaurs across the world who saw.
“Checkmate.”
