7.47 K
Page 11
The Gold-ranks were cheering their leader, one of them. The High King drew his enchanted sword, the Wavebreaker of Medain, a heirloom of his house, and pointed it at Raelt. He wore a Ring of Ironskin along with the Greater Arrowguard Ring, and an Amulet of Solidity, which could resist both aura and spell. His boots were [Haste]-capable for two minutes. His armor…
Raelt pointed his rapier at Perric.
“Fight me, you little coward.”
His voice was unenchanted. But it was loud enough. The cheering stopped. High King Perric looked down at Raelt. The [King of Challenges] swayed on his feet.
“You are in no position to make demands. I—we say again—”
“Fight me, Perric. And I’ll kill you like the pig you are.”
The [King of Challenges] began to walk forwards. His soldiers advanced. He was looking at Jecaina. She tried to call out to him.
“Father, don’t—”
“Don’t be a fool! She’s my prisoner! Her life is in my hands!”
Raelt was just looking at Jecaina. Perric put his sword out, towards Jecaina. The King of Jecrass looked at his daughter. Then up at the King of Medain.
“You cannot have her. I said, I challenge you, Perric. As [Kings]! Fight me!”
He roared. And his army shouted.
“Challenge! Duel!”
The High King hesitated. He was armed in twelve artifacts, each more powerful than the last. Raelt looked dead. But…he had brought the King of Destruction near to death. Twice. More than that…
“You’ve forsworn yourself in a duel before, King Leysars. You have no right. Turn your army now and—”
The King of Duels stared at his daughter. Then the Golden Ranks. They were tensed, wary. Each one was a former Gold-rank adventurer. And they had a sixth sense about what might come next.
Not easy foes. They were fully prepared to fall back with Jecaina and their [King] rather than fight. And Raelt had no more tricks. No more River Wardens, either, not with him.
His daughter. Raelt shook his head slightly. Behind him was the King of Destruction’s army. They might be able to crush Medain’s forces. But they would have to take the capital in a siege first, if Medain’s army had Jecaina. And Flos had sworn his oath.
If the Minotaurs weren’t here…if he had noticed earlier, or made peace earlier.
If, if, if. Raelt’s life was plagued by those kinds of things. A ruler, no, a [King] was haunted by them, no matter what they did. His head bowed.
The King of Duels turned away, lowering his rapier and dagger. The High King smiled. Jecaina stirred. She saw Raelt walking, his posture light, relaxed.
Perfect. She opened her mouth. But.
She wanted to be saved. 
Her father looked back. Her father. Her dad. King Perric of Medain might have sired children dozens of times with all his wives. But he was no parent.
Jecaina saw Raelt neatly turn, his body compact, moving on his heel. He raised his rapier as he took a step, as if to bow or kneel.
The [King of Challenges] vanished. He stepped across the distance between himself and Jecaina. Covered it in a moment.
A [Fencer’s Lunge]. He buried the rapier in the head of the Gold-rank who held Jecaina. Enchanted rapier piercing through Skill and artifact.
[Royal Arms]. The other Golden Ranks recoiled, crying out. Raelt withdrew the sword.
“[Triple Slash].”
He cut across a second Gold-rank adventurer, aiming at one covered in leather armor. Enchanted, but leather. Blood flew.
“You fool. Capture him! Him and his daughter!”
Perric reacted first. His Golden Ranks closed in. They were, after all, Gold—
A [King] looked at them. He was, after all, a [King].
