7.47 K
Page 35
The Illuminary shot over the beach towards the cavalry. They tried to split in front of the [Pirate]’s ship. And it kept going! The wave had left the ocean and was rolling under the ship, pushing it!
“[The Eternal Wave]! Get them, lads! Open fire!”
Rasea Zecrew laughed as her ship split the riders in twain. Horses and [Soldiers] screamed as the waters sucked them under. She saw the [Helmsman] spin the wheel.
Orthenon saw an arrow pointing at him. He flung himself left a second before the stolen ballista fired. The Illuminary started spitting projectiles like a Minotaurian warship.
Seler and the Sharphorns stared as the Illuminary shot onto the beach, turning. The King of Destruction’s momentum slowed. And Flos Reimarch saw the fastest ship in the world coming right at…
“Your Majesty! Watch out! Turn! Turn!”
Teres heard Ytol shouting. She saw the King of Destruction galloping left, across the sand. The Illuminary turned—
And ran him over. The King of Destruction and his horse vanished beneath the wave and prow of the ship.
 
—-
 
“Hey, did we just run him over?”
Rasea looked around as her ship cut straight through the King of Destruction’s army. She shrugged.
“I hope he’s not dead. Alright, lads! Just like we practiced! [Mark Target]! [Ship: Homing Missiles]! Fire!”
Magical bolts began shooting from the Illuminary’s sides. They shot upwards at a huge figure.
A half-Giant. Zamea staggered as the first volley hit her. One of the ballistae boomed and struck her in the navel.
“They’re big, Captain!”
“Well shoot them harder! Helmsman, port, turn to port! We’re running out of water!”
The ship swung left and the wave carried it across the beach. It shot back towards the sea as it kept firing. Rasea looked around.
“Here they come!”
“Kill them!”
The [Shepherd] and half a dozen half-Giants were charging at the ship. Rasea saw one blocking their way.
“[Ship: Burst of Speed]!”
It shot past the half-Giant as he tried to block them and missed. There was no faster ship! And her crew was one of the most feared.
Rasea was laughing. She grabbed a rope.
“Here we go—swing the boom!”
The [Helmsman] obeyed. Rasea leapt—and the rope swung her up. She arced with half a dozen of her crew, landed. The half-Giant looked at the figures on his shoulders.
Rasea stabbed him in the eye. Her crew cut the half-Giant across the neck, and then leapt. The circling Illuminary caught them.
“What—what is she doing?”
The [Pirate Captain] was assailing the army. The King of Destruction was nowhere to be seen! Teres stared. Then she saw the Illuminary coming back this way.
“Formation—”
Ytol hesitated. What formation did you take against a charging ship? He changed orders.
“Scatter! Evade them!”
Again, the pirate ship sailed onto dry land. Past the Minotaurs. They were making for the warships. Rasea’s ballistae sang again and another half-Giant cried out.
“Alright, I think we got them! Anyone see the King of Destruction?”
The [Pirates] shook their heads. Rasea pointed.
“That way! Straight for the capital!”
Medain’s army was fleeing through the gates. But the Illusionist was fighting the Golden Ranks. Now—the Illuminary swung left. It shot across the coastline as Orthenon galloped after it. Rasea walked across the decks.
“Where’s the good ballista?”
She saw one of the [Pirates] waving. The [Pirate Captain] seized the ballista, waited.
“Spells incoming!”
The King of Destruction’s army had seen the Illuminary’s attack. Parasol Stroll and the [Archers] were shooting arrows and launching spells. But again—the ship was moving so fast. It was an army of one!
