7.47 K
Page 8
The [Steward] was circling from the side. Ozem was watching him. [Mages]…behind the King of Destruction’s lines, with archers. He wasn’t trying a unique maneuver. Besides—
His Gambler was dead. Now there was a [Strategist] Ozem would have loved to see on the field, as much as the Titan of Baleros. The half-Giants were moving to the sides as well; they’d join the flanking maneuver to avoid running through infantry no doubt.
He had time to adjust to them; both sides were still far out of range. Ozem saw all of this as the [Mage] pestered him, trying to get him to respond.
She was annoying. So the [General] decided to silence her. He raised his axe.
And began to sing.
The [Mage] jerked in surprise. But Ozem’s voice was alone for a moment. As if they had expected it, waiting, the other Minotaurs joined him.
Each one knew the song. Young and old, male and female, they marched as they sang. Passing by the dying [Soldiers] from Jecrass and Medain, towards the King of Destruction. Reim’s army could hear them, in the distance.
It was a song anyone who came from the House of Minos knew. Home.
 
“From days of war and wrath we ran
Exiled from every land
Searching for our honor lost
And found the House of Minos’ sands.
 
In days of old our savage kind
Lost our pride and lost our minds
To keep our wisdom the King decreed:
This land was ours as fate designed.
 
By rock and sand the holds arose
And the House of Minos built its throne
Maweil sails and Beriad creates
Hammerad protects and Samad grows.
 
Now watch and wait, and guard this land
That never may dishonor stand
When the King calls our fleets to war
We remind the world of our names once more.
 
From the House of Minos we march to war
And the axes rise and fall once more
Until the last horn will break
Let nations tremble and empire quake!”
 
—-
 
Each to their own. Venaz and Calruz saw Minotaurs within the ranks of the Sharphorns and one of the old vanguards swung up their blades. And they joined in.
 
“Where does the warrior fall?
What end see I, large or small?
Laugh at death, and stand ever tall!
From the House of Minos, Hammerad calls.”
 
Each to a holding. Maweil was next, Bezale’s home, and Ozem’s.
 
“We sail until the world’s end
Bring death to foe and aid to friend
Those whom the House of Minos offend
Maweil’s sails your doom portends.”
 
Perhaps then—the others understood. Zevara looked at Calruz and Bezale and saw part of it. She sat there, next to his cell.
As he marched, General Ozem smiled. It was quiet again. He looked forwards, to the King of Destruction.
It would be glorious. Both armies slowly advanced towards each other over many miles. And behind them—almost as an afterthought—the battle between Jecrass and Medain reached its zenith.
 
—-
 
Princess Jecaina of Jecrass saw war in its entirety for the first time. She saw battle—not as [Soldiers] returning home, wounded, triumphant, or absent—but as her father had known it.
“Fall back! To the High King! Rally on me!”
“Forwards! Guard the [Princess]!”
Men and women crashed around her, horses impaling themselves on pikes, their riders falling from saddles, hacking at each other. There was no finesse here, no patterns of attack and defense except on a larger scale.
The [Soldiers] were packed so tightly in places by both sides pressing forwards that they had no room to maneuver. They were literally shoved into their enemy’s swords by those behind them.
