7.47 K
Page 18
She was incredulous. Were they…trying to tire her out? Or really, were all six thousand going to challenge her one after another? She looked at Ytol. The [Death Commander] shrugged.
“If they think she’ll tire—Mars has killed dozens upon dozens when one army tried it. Strange though—I didn’t think Minotaurs would stoop to that.”
Neither did Teres. But she saw the third Minotaur charge. Mars was closer now, so the clash occurred in less than a minute this time. Again, the Minotaurs cheered loudly until their warrior died. This time Mars hamstrung him and speared him in the chest. He tried to attack her even as he died.
But die he did. Reim’s forces cheered and laughed. Until the fourth warrior shouted her name.
“This is a trap.”
That was Teres’ intuition. She hadn’t missed the artillery. She looked at Ytol. His face was grim.
“If it is, milady Mars can survive until the [Steward] charges. Wait.”
The fourth warrior landed a single blow. Teres groaned as the flail struck Mars once—Ytol just shook his head as she cut across the Minotauress’ chest.
“She wouldn’t even have felt it. One stamina potion—she won’t need one for at least thirty more duels. Not if they end like this. She has countless Skills, milady Teres.”
Then why? Reim’s cheering grew staggered. Because it was almost—embarrassing—how fast the Minotaurs died. But morale couldn’t be higher. If the Minotaurs were trying to prove they were unafraid of death—
Mars might have sensed the mood or a trap, because she strode backwards, blade in the air. Another challenger made his long way across the half-mile towards her.
She cut him down. Fifth. Then sixth. Seventh…
Perhaps it was demoralizing them. Reim’s army was impatient—and almost disturbed by the sight of eight Minotaurs now dying in a single engagement. But then the King of Destruction laughed.
“Come, House of Minos! We grow bored! Don’t let Mars have all the fun!”
He roared. Instantly—the confusion turned to confidence once more. The House of Minos didn’t reply. They just cheered the ninth warrior who moved from their ranks to close the gap.
Both armies watched the ninth challenger die. Then the tenth. Eleventh…Teres saw Mars bang on her shield.
“Is that all? Send them two at a time! Three! I’ll take your entire army on!”
The Minotaurs paused. Then—Teres saw five Minotaurs striding forwards. She hissed.
“Ytol—”
“Come on!”
Mars was laughing. Mockingly, she pointed her sword. And the [General] nodded.
Five Minotaurs shouted their names and came at her. This time—they spread out. Ready to strike at her from all sides. They charged, spreading out—
They died so fast Teres didn’t have time to be worried. Mars used a Skill—her blade flashed around and the Minotaurs strove to attack her. Their weapons bounced off her armor.
“She used a Skill!”
“She’ll get that one back after six minutes. I don’t understand it.”
Mars was lifting her sword to Reim’s cheers. Now the army of six thousand was down sixteen Minotaurs. Teres was worried. They were doing something. Then—
She heard cheering.
 
—-
 
The Minotaurs were cheering. They shouted the names of the fallen. Sixteen Minotaurs had attacked the Illusionist. Sixteen had died.
Ozem bellowed as he raised the axe of the Minotaur King over his head. His voice reached the orb, the Illusionist, and the Minotaurs.
“The lawbreakers have challenged the Illusionist! Their shame is ended in glorious battle! Honor has been upheld.”
The Humans milled about. Even the Illusionist and the King of Destruction looked confused. Lawbreakers? The House of Minos had sent prisoners to fight the Illusionist?
