7.47 K
Page 17
[Call of the Champion]. She had done it to Jecrass’ armies and not been answered. If they failed to send a champion, the Skill would demoralize them.
And if they sent a [Champion]—Flos had told Teres once that only three people had ever dueled Mars and lived in this fashion.
The Illusionist’s shout rippled across the army of six thousand. She waited, hair blowing in an imaginary breeze. The myth of the King of Destruction, waiting for her opponent.
 
—-
 
Neriha’s eyes were locked on Mars. Ozem felt his blood boiling as he stared at her. And then—came Mars’ answer.
 
—-
 
“Fight me, Illusionist!”
A Minotauress raised her axe and bellowed into the sky. The Illusionist turned. The [Vanguard] saw a Minotaur—female, step forwards and point her axe at her. She readied herself.
Then—Neriha bellowed.
“No, fight me, Illusionist!”
The First Horn of Hammerad raised her weapon to the sky. Mars blinked. Then she saw the [General], Ozem, bellowing.
“Challenge me, Mars the Illusionist!”
“Fight me, Illusionist!”
Another Minotaur answered her call. And then another. Sharphorns and veterans bellowed, answering her challenge. Each one trying to take up her call.
Every one of them. An army without fear looked at the Illusionist. Each one ready to fight her. They bellowed as one.
“Challenge me, Illusionist!”
For the first time in her life, Mars had too many opponents. The House of Minos stomped the ground, roaring as they lifted their weapons.
 
—-
 
General Ozem laughed. Mars the Illusionist had never seen an army of Minotaurs! He raised a hand and there was silence.
“If only there were an army of the Illusionist to fight! Alas. I have her opponents here. Step forwards!”
Sixteen Minotaurs stepped forwards. Each one was armed with a single fine weapon. Axe, sword, club—one only with fighting gauntlets. They turned to the [General]. Expectant. Eager.
“You. Your name.”
The Minotaur faced the army. He raised his arm.
“I am Lewril of Maweil!”
“Go forth.”
Ozem nodded to him. The Minotaur strode across the ground as the army shouted his name. He strode at first—then burst into a trot. The Illusionist waited for him. Ready.
The Minotaur was huge. Nearly seven feet and a half. Ozem knew him. The sword he carried—he was good with it. And young. He burst into a sprint two hundred paces away from Mars.
“Sloppy.”
Neriha watched. He might have wasted energy—but Lewril was cannier than his charge indicated. As he closed with Mars—he dug his sword into the ground for a moment, throwing up a cloud of dirt.
A Skill. From half a mile away, Ozem saw him leap sideways. Sword lashing out—
Mars burst out of the cloud and her sword flashed. Elongating.
She beheaded Lewril in a single stroke.
 
—-
 
The Minotaur’s cheers stopped. Reim’s army cheered and laughed. The Minotaur had gone down in a single blow! Teres saw Mars lifting her bloody blade, calling out.
“Was that your best? Send me your next [Champion]!”
She saw the House of Minos’ army pause—and then a second Minotaur strode forwards. No—Teres heard a higher timbre—Minotauress. She shouted her name and then charged. This time—Mar shot forwards to meet her.
Teres waited in silence as the two warriors charged. The Minotauress was bellowing—she had a spear. She lunged forwards—Mars could have taken the impact on her armor. But she slid under and slashed the Minotauress across the belly.
A cry of pain. And then—the sword flashed again.
A second head fell to the ground.
More cheering. The Minotaurs were silent. And then—Teres saw a third warrior bellowing his name.
“They have to be mad.”
