7.47 K
Page 33
The Minotaur raised his ruined battleaxe, the edge damaged, enchantment broken. He charged forwards and Flos rode down on him.
“Loose.”
[Death Commander] Ytol’s voice was clipped. Eight bows sang. Ozem staggered. Flos’ head turned—but then they clashed. The Minotaur swung his axe—the [King] knocked the blade aside and swung it down.
He looked at Ozem’s blank eyes. The Minotaur grabbed at the blade and the King of Destruction let go. Ozem stepped forwards—
“Loose.”
Ytol spoke and the bows loosed again. He had seen high-level [Warriors] die. Ozem lashed around him with the blade. But the Humans had fallen back.
“Ytol!”
The King of Destruction was enraged. But the [Onslaught General] just laughed.
“Well done.”
He tried to say that to Ytol. The [Death Commander] saluted him.
The Minotaur wished he had the energy to fight beyond death. But—the arrows struck him again. With the last…pulled…
…return…
 
—-
 
The [General] collapsed, the throwing axe in his hands. Arrows had taken his life. Flos Reimarch, the King of Destruction, was trembling with fury. Even so—the Minotaur had deserved better.
“The Minotaurs are within five miles of their ships, your Majesty. Orthenon will catch them before then.”
“One moment.”
Flos dismounted and strode over. The axe in Ozem’s hands. He recognized it.
“The Minotaur King’s weapon.”
He reached for it. It wasn’t even held tightly in Ozem’s grasp. Flos lifted it up—then his arm jerked.
Something was…pulling the axe. Like it had returned to Ozem’s hand time and time again. The King of Destruction yanked it back towards him. And he felt—
The King of Minotaurs reached out for her axe. The King of Destruction’s arm bulged as he tried to hold onto it.
“Your Majesty!”
Several [Riders] came forwards. Flos gritted his teeth.
“I will see you dead.”
He spoke to the air. The King of Minotaurs said nothing at all. She stood, and pulled. The blade she had given to Ozem—slowly moved back through the air. Towards her.
Flos Reimarch’s feet left the ground. Teres saw dozens of people jump and try to pull him down.
“Your Majesty! Let go!”
The King of Destruction refused to. But he could not use his strength in this tug-of-war. He rose higher. Higher. He looked down and cursed.
“Inreza!”
He bellowed once—and then let go. He landed heavily. The Minotaur King’s axe soared through the air as she relaxed. The King of Destruction picked himself up.
“The last of her army dies.”
 
—-
 
The warship’s sails were painted red by the fading light. Seler heard shouting. She gave one last order.
“Maweil’s Third Axes will turn and stand!”
They did. The [Steward] rode down on them with his escort. The ships were so close…
But the remaining thousand Sharphorns would never make it. Less than four miles…but the [Steward] was upon them.
Seler had failed General Ozem. The knowledge was bitter, but she took heart. They ran—until the [Steward] slew the last Minotaur and came on again. The King of Destruction was not far behind.
“Warriors of Minos. Here we stand. Turn.”
The Minotaurs turned. The [Steward] slowed. The last thousand Sharphorns placed themselves in the sand. Seler raised her axe and bellowed at the warships.
“Return to the House of Minos!”
No one would be joining them. She heard a distant bellow from the ships as she turned. Once more—the House of Minos’ [Warriors] sang.
 
“We sail until the world’s end
Bring death to foe and aid to friend.”
 
Seler joined the warriors of Maweil. She saw the [Steward] slowing.
 
—-
 
