7.48 K
Page 7
And…if Reim did come out ahead, there was a decided importance to not being on the King of Destruction’s bad side.
“That does not mean we will help Reim now, no matter what you request, Nsiia.”
The former [Empress] sunbathed above him. She had caused quite a stir. At least three dozen younger [Crafters] had dedicated Golems to her, made in her image and the warrior-queen had her own admirers of both male and females alike.
She struck a chord with the restless young. Femithain heard Nsiia moving.
“And I have nothing to persuade you with?”
He considered this.
“Not in any immediate sense, no.”
He heard a sigh from above. Nsiia sat up. Femithain listened. She was dangerously intelligent; he’d lost more than one board game against her despite being ranked among the Top 100 in his nation consistently. She was a polite, even amenable guest so far. But he still had her watched.
“You know, we won’t sit idly. I waited for him to rise faster. He let me down. But if I had my nation, I would still follow him over all these other nations. The others won’t rest now, either.”
“What others?”
“His allies. The King of Destruction has not a tenth of the vassals I think are loyal to him. The Mad Ones…the full strength of the Rustängmarder…this may force them to move.”
“We shall see.”
The Magus-Crafter had an enchantment which allowed his spectacles to reflect more than they should have. He pretended to read while he watched the reflection of her above him. Nsiia spoke to the skies.
“Illivere stands at a crossroads, Femithain. They will force you in the end, as they did me.”
Words of caution. Femithain did not forget. Nor did he take Nsiia lightly.
“That may be, [Empress]. But I work for my nation. For now—Illivere has little to gain and everything to lose from allying with Reim.”
He saw her shift and glanced away for her modesty, not his. Perhaps that was why she employed the tactic.
“Golems are Illivere’s blood, like the animals of Tiqr. I understand this now. Your nation pursues these…creations more than gold or blood or power.”
“They are all to us, Nsiia. They are art and purpose.”
“If you could be a Golem—would you?”
The question threw Femithain. Nsiia looked down at him, her eyes sharp. He was off-guard, and the reply slipped out of him.
“Not if it were the ones I make.”
“Ah.”
Her eyes narrowed. She said nothing more as Femithain rose.
“I need to call together the Crafters. We will need to make a public statement at the very least. Empress…”
He looked around. She was gone. That worried Femithain, a bit. He had stopped Nsiia’s covert attempts to suborn his staff into helping her contact her people—by telling them to stop and confronting her directly. But she was a caged beast. And like any animal in a menagerie—she wanted to be free.
Femithain liked and respected Nsiia. But Illivere was his responsibility. He hoped she would not force his hand. For now—he rose, leaving the omelette half-finished.
Therein lay his mistake. When he was gone, Nsiia swung herself up onto the balcony again. She had climbed all over her palace as a girl and she used to ride her beloved friend, Thef. She missed him every day. Wept for him still.
But the former [Empress] could not lie about forever. Nor…was she a fool.
“Here. Here, Teska.”
She raised her hand and a bird fluttered down. A red bird, related to a finch. The Largebeaked Marraw was her friend. She had trained him for the last month in secret. She rubbed at his head. Then she carefully tied the little bit of parchment onto his claw.
“Go, go. Find Vasraf.”
