7.48 K
Page 14
The Drake gestured to a blank wall in the hallway. Wilovan eyed it, knocked on the wood, and sniffed. It was just a wall. Ratici kept staring at it.
“…Not immediately hollow. I smell and hear nothing, and given the condition of my senses over yours, I would be inclined to say it is just a wall, Ratici, if I were not given to trust your Skills over mine.”
“Right, right. The thing is, Wilovan, I have noticed a few things. The first thing is that there’s no door here.”
“…Customary of walls, Ratici.”
The Drake nodded. He scratched at his chin.
“But there was. Two days ago, there was a door here.”
The Gnoll had been distracted, wondering if this was some long analogy towards the power of the nobility vis-a-vis the working class. Now—his eyes sharpened.
“Ah. You recall that quite clearly, Ratici?”
“Force of habit, Wilovan. Force of habit. And I can’t help but notice something else. There is no door or window, but my understanding of the layout of the inn—and my Skills are telling there is a space beyond there, Wilovan.”
“There are spaces we cannot see, Ratici.”
The Gnoll said this, but he was mostly teasing. Ratici gave him an irritated look.
“Yes, Wilovan. But I mean there are no entryways into here. Not from above. Or below. Or any other way.”
“Oh. My, oh my.”
“Reminds you of a few tricks of the trade, doesn’t it, Wilovan?”
“Indeed it does, Ratici. Indeed it does.”
Typhenous and Griffon Hunt would have been familiar with the idea Ratici was floating as well. Both Gnoll and Drake gave each other a significant look.
“You hear nothing?”
“Something…vibrations if I use the Longear’s Charm. But I’ve been rather casual.”
“It’s not our place to…pry. The Tallman’s order is just defensive, Ratici, and he’s hinting that we’ll be relieved soon.”
The [Thief] nodded. Wilovan adjusted his jacket. Neither one said it. Of course, it was just an observation. Of course they weren’t being paid to investigate. But they were [Thief] and [Thug].
They really, really wanted to know what was inside.
 
—-
 
As Wilovan, Ratici, and people with secrets over the years had observed, it was nothing new Erin Solstice had come up with. She’d just put her own take on it.
There were no doors here. No windows. The hallway connecting three semi-spacious rooms together was part of a new part of the inn. Now—closed off. To a purpose.
No door existed but when you asked for it. And only the truest friends, the trusted companions of the inn could open the door. You could try to break a wall of course—but good luck. The inn was stronger than the first two versions. Even Moore would have trouble just breaking down a wall.
Of course, a master-[Thief] could just teleport in with the right Skill or scroll, or use a few other tricks to gain entry. But it was an impressive blockade. And thanks to a certain [Innkeeper]—even Ratici wasn’t willing to risk detection.
Not even all of the people who were allowed in the [Garden of Sanctuary] had been told this place existed, so they themselves couldn’t enter. Olesm, for one, was someone without knowledge. And what lay in that room? What…secrets?
Well, among other things, at the moment…one of the few guests who was allowed in here, who had been asked to come, was Selys Shivertail. And Maviola El. They stood together, a drink in hand. And they saw…
Erin, Rose, Galina, Numbtongue, and Kevin all sauntered down the hallway, singing. Music blasted from the laptop on the chair. Erin and Kevin knew the song; Troy and Leon didn’t. Joseph had refused to participate even after hearing it twice.
