7.48 K
Page 25
“It needs to be applied in doses. Yerra’s too small to take the antitoxin. And it needs to be made. They’re asking the best [Alchemist] in Pallass to make it up. That’s either…Xif the Multicolored or Saliss of Lights.”
“Try for Saliss.”
Wil was sleep-deprived; he had been frantic these last few days. But at last, he might be able to rest. The battle was far from over; they had private rooms in Oteslia that were warded and guarded, but the Diamond Swords of Serept were still a target. And the medicine was costly.
“This…this is excellent news. How long will the antidote take?”
“Depends on the alchemist. I will ask my tribe to help petition Saliss of Lights. He would be better at antidotes as an adventurer and have more Skills that ensure it works and give it potency. But we did it, yes?”
Feshi was grinning. Even Yerra’s cries were silent; she was sleeping thanks to the draught the [Healers] had made for a Selphid.
Venaz smiled. He saw Merrik and Peki high-fiving. They were all still energized by the battle. Venaz himself had had to run three laps around Oteslia before he stopped shouting and challenging everyone in sight to a sparring match he knew would end poorly.
His blood still boiled. He would have liked to be there. Ozem might have been able to save some of the army if he had.
If they had gone to Chandrar first…but Yerra mattered more. And now—Merrik saw Venaz fold the letter up.
“What’s that? Bad news?”
“Not…really. A member of the House of Minos has written to me, Merrik. The letter was—impressive. I think I am needed, as a representative of Hammerad. An arbiter.”
The Minotaur struggled to put the missive into words. The others looked at him.
“Arbiter?”
“One who metes out justice.”
Wil explained to Peki. Venaz nodded slowly.
Calruz of Hammerad.
“It may be that I need to go to Pallass.”
“We could go there directly. Some of the ingredients from Oteslia are needed though…and Yerra’s too sick to move. If one of the [Alchemists] makes the cure for the first few doses, we can go north for the full batch. What does this Minotaur want you to do, Venaz?”
The [Strategist] clenched his fist and turned away. It was a magnificent plea, from one son of Hammerad to another. The sender, Bezale, had added her own words. He had to go there, see the whole truth. But if the letter was accurate—Venaz took a long breath.
“He wants me to help him die.”
 
—-
 
One last group was powerfully affected by the news from Chandrar. Or rather—one last one that took direct action.
Everyone saw it. Everyone from the Death of Magic, who watched and laughed, to the Seer of Steel, to Emir Yazdil, the Grand Magus, Magnolia Reinhart as she sat on the famed warship and evacuated her staff away from danger…
But this last people saw and moved because of what they had seen.
“So those two armies could be considered among the best this world has to offer. What do you think, Wrymvr? Could you kill the Illusionist?”
The Slayer stood with the vast Antinium in the auspices of the Twisted Hive. Not with Anand; the [Strategist] and the Painted Antinium feared this place. Klbkch saw their reasons. But here was a second Centenium and a Queen who had given everything for victory.
Wrymvr’s answer came not in words, but in the link they shared, the three of them.
(Yes.)
Klbkchhezeim raised his mandibles and opened them. He laughed, a fluttering sound.
It was a joke. Also—certainty there. He had missed that.
