7.48 K
Page 28
“I quite admired the Armored Antinium’s production, my Queen. An army of Armored Antinium is a significant battle threat.”
“It has been a long labor. Creation of steel is…difficult. Many failures were born. However, we have created steel. Would that my Prognugators had your innovation.”
The Armored Queen bent. She did not lower her voice. Anand saw the other Armored Prognugators staring at him. Not…enviously. Just with a keen understanding that they lacked what he had. He felt badly, for some reason.
But then, Anand consoled himself that Klbkch was proud of him. He stood taller. It had been some good days. Despite all the hurtful things some Drakes had said about his memorial. The Queens had been upset too.
Still—if the [Strategist]’s triumphs had pleased her, the Armored Queen now sat bitterly. She rubbed her palps together, her voice low.
“Manufacturing. Armor has been made. But what use is a superior force that cannot strike against the enemy? The sea is an impossible barricade. It will allow for reinforcements to arrive continuously and the enemy remains unassailable.”
It was a problem. Anand nodded a few times. He’d read the book on the Antinium Wars by Krsysl Wordsmith and other commentaries as well.
“The sea is a significant weakness, my Queen. Have you attempted to circumnavigate the issue?”
“Yes. Many attempts were made by every Hive. We have all failed. A Shaper Queen might have been able to create an Antinium—I recall ones who were able to survive and operate in water, but we kept few of them. There was no need.”
“Really, Armored Queen?”
The huge Queen nodded.
“It is a lack of Skill in the current Queens, not an insurmountable barrier. But it is beyond our skill levels. It is possible, but it is like placing hopes in the Flying Queen creating actual flight-capable Antinium.”
“Ah. So the only method is ships.”
“Yes. And ships…we are not a water-based species. We seized the fleet from Rhir because we knew they had them. But how will we return to Rhir or fight at sea?”
The Armored Queen struck the ground in ponderous fury. Her Prognugators tried to soothe her helpless fury. Anand on the other hand just thought about it.
“Well, we could teleport over the sea. Miss Erin’s door lacks the range, but perhaps there are more powerful teleportation objects.”
The Armored Queen looked up. Anand spoke as if he were an eager student and she, the [Teacher] who had assigned him the question with extra credit, rather than an issue haunting their entire species.
“Teleportation will not carry armies.”
“I see, I see. Well then, flight carries the same issue, but there are flying carpets. And Bird may one day gain a Skill that allows him to fly. But in regards to vast transport, it does seem like the ocean must be crossed. Perhaps freezing the water with ice magic like Miss Ceria? But boats are the most expedient answer.”
“We have no boats.”
The Armored Queen’s voice was a touch…petulant. She did not like Anand’s optimism. She had borne this weight for decades! She almost wanted his soul to be crushed like hers.
Anand looked around. And then he clasped two hands together.
“Well then. Let’s make some.”
“What?”
The [Strategist] gave the Armored Queen a blank look.
“You have created steel, my Queen. Why not create a ship?”
She opened and closed her mandibles.
“The Hivelands are not near any open body of water. The Drakes destroyed all the lakes and rivers to drown us. There is a coast to the west, but it was retaken by Drake cities after the peace.”
“But there is water?”
Even Antinium needed it. The Armored Queen hesitated.
“Groundwater, yes.”
