7.48 K
Page 0

(A Wandering Inn reader has written their own story, Melas on RoyalRoad! Check it out here and congratulations to hitting the Top 10 on trending, delta201! )
 
Thereafter. These were the headlines spoken and written in large font across the world.
From Wistram News Network and their subsidiary, the Pallassian Times, the Liscorian Gazette, Chandrar International, the Terandrian Tribunal—
That last one was very interesting. Now there were three international newspapers in circulation. The headline and bylines from Chandrar International, as written by the Editor-in-Chief, Rémi Canada, read as follows:
Clash at Medain. 
Reim’s armies in retreat; 5 warships return to the House of Minos; [Pirate Captain] Rasea Zecrew sails under Savere’s flag; 17 nations and counting declare war on the King of Destruction; King of Duels captured.
It was the kind of title that had multiple subheadings and required the entire newspaper (aside from the business, magical news, and funnies sections) to explain fully.
Interestingly, as the internal sales figures per-newspaper, per new reader went, Chandrar International happened to have the weakest initial sales within the first five hours of printing. The Terandrian Tribunal, and the Pallassian Times were both more well-known and circulated.
But by the end of the day, people were requesting Rémi Canada’s newspaper from Runner’s Guilds, who were printing and providing copies as part of their service. The reasons cited by customers were the layout of the [Journalist]’s newspaper, more impartial reporting, attention to detail, and the fame of the Editor-in-Chief himself.
And, lest it be unremarked upon, the income of that many sales of newspapers across the world was no small thing. The larger two continental newspapers, already with competition in Liscor in Izril’s case, had large backers. But Rémi’s newspaper had already paid for itself and the equipment and salaries of its employees by the time the day ended.
Of course—the war of media was not the most important thing happening, except to the organizations involved. There was, after all—
A war. Multiple ones. Seventeen nations had declared when Rémi finalized the newspaper. Twenty by the time he began the second day’s first draft.
 
“Yet, as any keen observer will note, a state of war has existed within Chandrar already. The declarations by nations such as Nerrhavia’s Fallen cannot surprise anyone, least of all the [King] of Reim himself. It is a sign that each nation believes Reim’s aura of invincibility has finally faded. 
Time will reveal whether this is correct. What is true is that the [Army of the King] has been used and for the first time, Reim’s armies have tasted a true defeat at the hands of the House of Minos and one [Pirate Captain]’s intervention…a timely, perhaps incredibly coordinated series of events.”
 
They weren’t the most scorching of words. Rather, Rémi had laid out the battle piece by piece without the victorious tones of the other two newspapers. Impartial, reasoned—it was why his newspaper was doing better.
Teresa Atwood wouldn’t have minded it, even though she was on the losing side. But the fact that someone was reading it over her shoulder was sending chills up her spine.
The King of Destruction waited for Teres to turn the page. She didn’t want to.
“Go on, Teres. It’s certainly the most objective take so far. Or are you still reading?”
Flos Reimarch was calmer today. Scarce hours had passed and dawn had just turned into morning. The King of Destruction had stopped raging.
