7.48 K
Page 4
Synergy. At least, between those two. A…sympathetic reaction across the world. The consequence of the live coverage via scrying spells. When people watched—what had occurred in that one place in Chandrar suddenly affected events the world over.
For some—it was a conversation topic, a lesson, a moment’s entertainment. But the effect was more dramatic in other places.
 
—-
 
“Incredible. The Order of Seasons might well crusade to Chandrar. The Grandmaster might have ordered us already if it weren’t for the situation with Ailendamus.”
Talia exhaled slowly and the [Knights] around her began murmuring. Rabbiteater just shook his head.
A massive battle. Far larger than the ones even Redfangs could have conceived of. And powerful weapons. He felt full of nervous energy just seeing it.
“Strong Minotaurs.”
That was his comment to Talia. She smiled at him.
“That’s all you have to say, Ser Solstice?”
He shrugged, embarrassed.
“[Pirates] were the most clever. Good tactics.”
Hit-and-run. The Redfangs fought like that. Talia pursed her lips. She thought it was dishonorable. But the [Pirates] had lost, what, three people total? It made sense to hit the enemy where they couldn’t hit you back. In a fight with unarmored enemies, every single Redfang went for a groin-kick against male opponents. Or stab.
“Want to practice fighting?”
Just like the others, Rabbiteater was restless. Talia nodded, and they found an open space on the deck to practice. In that, the [Knights] and Redfangs were very much alike.
The theory was known as the ‘domino effect’ on Earth. The battle and subsequent declarations of war had…eased a pressure on the world. The looming threat of the King of Destruction in the background. So many nations suddenly going to war was like a mental cascade. A catalyst.
It had unexpected consequences. Rabbiteater was hefting a practice axe; he still needed to master Headscratcher’s gold-jade battleaxe. Talia was warming up when her head turned.
“Ship to port! No—ships!”
The watcher on the crow’s nest shouted down. The [Captain] of the vessel, and some of the crew and [Knights] went to the railing. Rabbiteater was focused—until he heard a shout.
“That flag. Those are Ailendamus’ ships!”
Talia and Rabbiteater looked sideways. The Hobgoblin saw, waving from one ship, a…bow. Some kind of stylized bow with a lance instead of an arrow. Then he heard a shout.
“They’re moving to intercept—”
“Starboard! Raise our colors! This is a transport ship, not a—”
Rabbiteater saw a flicker in the air. He jumped forwards and thrust the axe out. Talia recoiled and heard a thunk.
The first arrow stuck in the wooden practice weapon. The Goblin whirled. Two of Ailendamus’ ships were coming from the port side.
“This is a peaceful vessel! We are not Pheislant’s or a Terandrian nation! Do you hear me?”
The [Captain] roared. But a second volley of arrows was coming. The crew and [Knights] took cover. And then Rabbiteater heard a roar from one of the [Knights of the Spring].
“Talia! Ailendamus has crossed the border of Kilav. It’s war!”
“What? But—”
The [Summer Knight]’s head swung around. It was too soon! Grandmaster Calirn hadn’t predicted war for another month, at least! But Ailendamus had struck before even they were perhaps ready, much less their enemies.
Synchronicity. 
Ailendamus declared war on the Dawn Concordat as its armies marched over the border of Kilav and its ships began to blockade nations such as Pheislant.
Rabbiteater decided he actually wanted to go back home.
 
—-
 
