7.48 K
Page 17
It was dawning on her, slowly. An inescapable realization. Selys put her head in her claws. Mrsha was looking at sketches Imani and Galina had done of famous images from home.
Maviola El looked at Palt. His eyes were glittering. It was larger than she had imagined.
She had seen it in Erin’s memories. Knowledge of who Erin was, her past. But the entirety of it…
At the end of her lifespan, the old woman looked up and felt like a child finally realizing there was something beyond the clouds. Beyond the sky.
She didn’t want to die.
“I thought—I—this is a joke, right? I thought Erin was just from one of the paradises. A—she was actually the daughter of someone rich. This—why is it round?”
“Ah, that’s because of gravity. You see, gravity works like…”
Troy began to helpfully explain. He had practice. Selys stared at him as he tried to show her how tiny she was compared to the model of Earth. Less than a speck of dust.
She began to hyperventilate. Erin edged over.
“Selys? You okay?”
She had expected her friend to react strongly. But—Erin had assumed some of her friends knew. Now though, Selys began to giggle. Then laugh hysterically. She threw up her claws and screamed.
“Aaaaaaaah!”
Then she ran for the door. Erin followed her.
“Selys! Wait!”
Maviola felt like a bit of hysterical laughter was called for herself. She looked down at Mrsha. The little Gnoll girl was so calm. Children could accept this more easily—or perhaps she didn’t understand, fully.
Palt had been told before. He was just watching Troy and Leon working with Galina and Joseph on a periodic table, arguing about what went where. They were more motivated by Erin than Magnolia to do this. This was a legacy of their knowledge. Home.
Numbtongue? The Hobgoblin had already known. And besides—he was a Goblin. Able to adapt, fully willing to believe that there were things he hadn’t been told.
Lyonette du Marquin walked over.
“Maviola? Are you…alright? Do you want to sit down?”
“I may need to. But I will kindly refuse.”
She was not going to faint or run screaming. Maviola locked her knees and took a few breaths. Then she looked at Lyonette.
“What else is there to see? Something…else?”
The [Princess]’ eyes flickered. She pointed to the third room.
“Come with me. This room is for…ideas. The big ones. It’s the one you should see.”
She led Maviola past the room with science, history, across from the other room with maps, globes, some of Kevin’s blueprints. One held concrete information, the other, physical representations.
The last was simply pictures. Well-drawn, by those with talent or crude, some of the pictures Erin used to teach Mrsha with. A few were copied from electronic devices, hand-traced. The last few—rendered in astonishing detail. Maviola recognized a [Mage]’s ability to illustrate a scene from memory. Palt had copied a few scenes the others had shown him.
What she saw here was Earth’s achievements. Not the knowledge that made up their world, but the end result. The things that were so commonplace to Erin and the others.
A plane flew in blue skies, surrounded by poofy clouds over the land. Erin had made a little model out of clay.
An elevator, like the ones of Pallass, had been drawn up by Leon and Troy, who had asked the others for help figuring out how the entire system worked.
A car, driving. Outrunning a horse and horse-drawn buggy with speeds it could reach listed.
A depiction of how the internet worked—next to a crude battery. ‘Doesn’t work like that’ had been scrawled on the side by Leon.
