7.48 K
Page 12
He followed Lyonette as the [Princess] looked around, realized she was free for half a second, and hurried after Erin into the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Alas, Ferris had tried to enter a dozen different ways and the Skill had foiled him. It was a top-grade Skill. And if Ferris had been even better at his job, or more specialized in a different class, he would have noticed something else.
But he didn’t.
 
—-
 
Inside the [Garden of Sanctuary], Lyonette du Marquin found Numbtongue and Bird and Mrsha.
“Where’s Erin?”
“In her secret spot.”
Numbtongue answered shortly. He was practicing with his sword. Lyonette was now a regular disciple of Zevara’s, and she recognized good swordsmanship when she saw it.
He was performing a complex set of maneuvers, cutting the grass with tight, elegant swings. Nothing big and fancy; that was what an amateur did and it got you killed.
Numbtongue was also smiling. It might have been him—or the ghost who was delighting over his blade. Lyonette didn’t know about that of course. Nor did she see Reiss grumpily sitting on the grass, watching.
“You’re in a good mood. I’m going after Erin. You don’t want to come?”
“No. Too much repeating. Will go later. More fun, here.”
The Hobgoblin grunted at the [Princess]. Oddly, he didn’t use Numbtongue’s good grammar and diction. He sounded like—
Shorthilt. But Lyonette was too distracted to ask why. The Hobgoblin smiled as the sword flashed through the air. He was so artful that even Mrsha had stopped for a moment to admire—although she was not allowed anywhere near the glittering blade, of course.
Someone else sat in the [Garden], immune to the lures of the secret Erin had been working on. He rose now as Lyonette hurried in.
“Lyonette. Lyonette! I have a request!”
The [Princess] looked up. Bird ran down the hill and nearly tumbled down the slope.
“Bird! What are you doing here?”
“I am creating bird-nests. You see?”
He showed her something. Lyonette stared at the little nest of twigs he’d made. And then one of the birdhouses.
“You. You, Bird, are making bird-houses?”
“Yes. To cultivate more birds so they are not all dead. The [Druids] have shown me the way. I must kill birds and allow more birds to reproduce. Otherwise—there will one day be no birds.”
The Worker solemnly placed one of his nests back in the pile. Lyonette opened and closed her mouth.
“That’s very intelligent of you, Bird. What did you want? Help putting your nests up?”
“Oh, no. I can do that myself and the other Workers will help me. No, Lyonette. I would like you to buy something for me. Please?”
“You have an allowance, Bird.”
The [Princess] smiled. The Worker waved his antennae as he gestured at the coin pouch at his side.
“I know. I cannot find it in the market. And I am not allowed in Pallass, which I am sure has them for sale. If I give you money, can you buy it for me?”
“Yes, of course. I’ll put it on the list. What is it?”
At least he was being responsible now. Bird smiled broadly.
“I would like a ballista. Like the one on the scrying orb. Thank you!”
The [Princess]’s head slowly turned back to him.
“A ballista?”
“Yes! It does not have to have enchanted ammunition; that would destroy the birds. But with one like the ones the Minotaurs have, I can probably hunt the scale-birds.”
“Wyverns?”
“Yes! How much more money do I need?”
Bird showed Lyonette the money in his pouch. Lyonette stared at him and heard a snort. Shorthilt’s time was up and Numbtongue was silently cracking up as he clutched at his stomach.
“Bird…you cannot have a ballista. We can’t even buy one.”
“What? Why not?”
