7.48 K
Page 29
“Excellent, excellent. And you can fill up a bag of holding with water. I once heard Pisces tell Miss Erin that he once stole water out of a well doing that. And we have wood. And metal. Surely your forges can make nails? Or Miss Erin’s screwies?”
“This is all possible, Strategist Anand. But how would we make ships? We are on land.”
The Armored Queen was bewildered. Anand just smiled up at her.
“Experiment, my Queen. Would you like me to explain my idea? I wouldn’t even need much. Just a thousand Workers and perhaps a hundred Soldiers for a day and some of your Hive’s space as well as the use of two forges and your lumber reserves. Er…that is a lot, actually.”
He hesitated. But this was the difference between Klbkch and the Armored Queen. She regarded Anand, then leaned down and spoke with her huge mandibles.
“Granted.”
 
—-
 
Klbkch was going over one of the hypothetical plans the Twisted Queen and Wrymvr had come up with. It was beyond audacious.
He liked it. But the fact remained that the issue was always the sea. He was going down the list of options—all of which led to a conflict the Antinium did not necessarily want yet—
When he heard the news.
(Your [Strategist] is causing a commotion, Klbkchhezeim. The other Queens are in uproar.)
The Twisted Queen had picked up on the other Queens talking. Klbkch groaned. He strode up from the Hive, already gnashing his mandibles.
“What is Anand doing?”
Klbkch didn’t bother checking with the mirror. He just ran from the Twisted Hive to the other Hives. He could cover the vast distance quickly and besides, the Antinium had dug almost the entire area of the Hivelands. That they had not expanded further was due to subterranean threats and their treaties.
[Recaptured Sublimity].
Klbkch slowed down from the blur that had shot across the dry ground five minutes later. Wrymvr caught up and landed with a screech in front of Klbkch.
(Get on. You are slow.)
Klbkch leapt onto his back and hung on as Wrymvr took off.
(If I had my own body, you’d never have caught me.)
(I didn’t die.)
Klbkch tried to stab Wrymvr in one of his wings. The huge Antinium spun upside down and Klbkch had to hang on or drop.
They landed at one of the entrances to the Armored Hive thirty minutes later. Klbkch jumped down and Wrymvr landed with another screech.
Armored Antinium scurried around in a panic as two of the Centenium strode down the vast tunnels. Klbkch was ready to apologize, scold Anand, or…
His mind went blank as, finally, he and Wrymvr emerged in a low, deep underground level of the Armored Hive and he saw what Anand had wrought.
“It is madness! Madness! Tell him to stop! He will drown us all!”
“It will not work. Surely. This is not a replication. Is it? There is a difference in salinity content among—”
“Strategist Anand. What are you doing?”
The Antinium looked up. He stood at the other end of the…underground basin. Klbkch would have run over to him. But a vast pool of death lay in the way.
Water. The [Strategist] had tapped one of the groundwater aquifers. Now—he had created a huge, hollow area with a very deep area. A…makeshift sea.
The Antinium around him were clearly terrified. And the [Strategist] himself was trembling. But he had a rope tied around his waist—multiple ropes in fact, held by teams of Painted Antinium ready to drag him back if he fell in. Now, he spoke to the irate Queens.
“My Queens. This is an experiment. I have permission of the Armored Queen. Watch.”
