7.48 K
Page 11
The [Soldiers] looked at Erin. She waved at Embria.
“Uh…just saying hi. You all good? Want some more food?”
“We could use a few drinks—”
A Gnoll elbowed one of the Drakes in the side.
“Stow it, Lieutenant. We’re patrolling tomorrow, remember?”
“Oh, right.”
“We’re fine, Miss Erin. Thank you.”
Erin nodded. Cool, cool. She kept the smile on her face. Embria was perfectly normal with her, even if the two weren’t exactly bloviating all the time. But there was some awkwardness, still.
“Uh huh. Great, great. Um…any word from Relc yet?”
The young Drake hesitated.
“Not…yet. But he’s probably still travelling. Without Skills or a dedicated…”
“Ah. Cool. Well, I haven’t heard anything. Just let me know. And let Ishkr know if you want anything! Play tonight! Uh…”
Erin backed up. She looked around. Not many people were in the inn.
Well, that wasn’t right. Not many people she counted as friends or acquaintances were in the inn. There were plenty of guests…
But the other Earthers, Selys, some of the Antinium, and now Maviola were in Area 51. That was what Erin was calling it.
Or maybe ‘the safe zone’. Or—or—she ran out of cool names for it. It wasn’t a Skill. It was just an idea she’d had.
Something big. Erin walked into the Garden of Sanctuary, leaving only a few of her ‘special’ guests in the common room. Few people even looked twice; they knew they weren’t allowed into the [Garden]. Lyonette had considered paid tours, but Erin had shot it down. A few watched Erin, though.
A pair of gentlemen with hats. Three of the food-spies. And…Ferris.
The Gnoll had a thought. And it was this.
“Is it actually her?”
He didn’t vocalize that. Not entirely. But the [Infiltrator] was coming to another conclusion after time at The Wandering Inn.
He had been sent to obtain Erin Solstice. A task he had not realized would be so arduous. She was as stubborn as a rock. Or a Dragon. And unfortunately, she was so well-connected that spiriting her away was an impossible venture.
No, despite Rafaema’s growing impatience, Ferris had seen no way. But he was beginning to think his failure was a good thing. Because—Ferris now believed Erin Solstice was not the mastermind behind The Wandering Inn and the events in Liscor.
His eyes turned past her, towards someone who was busily signing for packages.
“…Cleared to go through Invrisil. And you—Silveran—please put up a sign on that room? The one with the mirror? Um, ‘Viewing Room’. Yes, write that there and put it up. Thank you.”
She turned to a timid Worker. A Worker Antinium with silver antennae—hence the nickname, Silveran. An employee of the inn.
Ferris’ eyes almost narrowed, but he kept his face blank and friendly. Look at her. There…
Was a [Princess].
It was beyond obvious to an expert like Ferris. Her demeanor, accent, and the fact that she lacked an anti-appraisal ring all told him that. [Princess].
In fact, the 6th Princess of Calanfer. Right here. Lyonette kept staring at the news about Ailendamus. She’d hidden her reaction well. But he’d seen the worry and fear on her face as it broke.
She was behind The Wandering Inn. Erin? She was a mascot.
It all made sense to Ferris. Think of it. What had he seen Erin do? A number of insane things. But she didn’t run her inn. Lyonette? She’d negotiated with him on behalf of his company. She was the one who organized everything.
The power behind the throne. No, the power of the throne. Aha! The Gnoll was changing targets.
And to be fair, it was an obvious conclusion. The amazing part was that the Gnoll wasn’t completely right, and instead, half-wrong.
