7.48 K
Page 19
It was a hand copter. A little helicopter’s blades attached to a wooden pole. The kind you spun with friction and watched sail away. Kevin had thought it up and somehow gotten Pelt to help make one during one of their collaboration sessions.
Ekirra was playing with one and Bird was chasing after it, screaming about flying in the Garden. Selys saw Mrsha spin it and stared as it took off. Kevin looked proud as the Gnoll leapt off to chase after her new favorite toy.
“Oh!”
She calmed down a bit more. Maviola was calmer, too. She took it all in. It would take her more processing. But right now—one question weighed large on her mind.
“Why now? Why today?”
She looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] sat next to Maviola.
“Well, Selys knew something. And so do a lot of people. I thought it’d be good to tell them at last.”
“Today?”
Maviola raised an eyebrow. Erin stared ahead as she swung her legs on a bench.
“Okay, maybe it had something to do with that [King] and the war we just saw. I get…nervous. When I see big armies and people killing each other.”
Her hand clenched reflexively. Maviola looked at the [Innkeeper], who had fought in a battle. Seen more combat than many [Soldiers] her age.
“I can well understand that. But telling me? Telling your friends? What is the purpose, Erin?”
The young woman looked up.
“It’s one of those things. Dangerous things. Ryoka might kill me for this. But…you should know. I thought guns and stuff were really bad. But after I saw that I realized: this inn can’t stop an army. I thought it could, this time. But a real army? The walls would fall down, even after all the hard work Lyonette’s put into them.”
“Mm. But that’s true of any wall. First Landing was nearly broken by the Goblin King. There is no wall that cannot be broken. Even the Blighted King knows this.”
Maviola had seen her sieges. She understood the fear. Erin nodded.
“That’s why you probably stop the army before it gets there. I…made this room for people I can trust. Right now, that’s Krshia, when she can get here, you, Selys. Pawn. Belgrade, Bird, Numbtongue…”
She hesitated over a finger or two. Then closed her hand.
“There are others. Like Saliss. Or…Klbkch. I’d like to show them this room. But—you saw the scary room.”
“I did. Thank you for trusting me.”
“Well, we did share magical fire and stuff. I think that’s a good reason to trust each other.”
Erin smiled. Maviola laughed. Then she looked around.
“Ah.”
It did make sense. There sat Selys. Still shaking a bit with comprehension. But as much an aunt to Mrsha as anyone. Her grandmother was Tekshia Shivertail. Selys herself was rich. A fine ally.
Numbtongue? The Hobgoblin had depth. The curious Bird, Pawn, Palt…
Fine protectors and allies, all. Maviola nodded approvingly. If anyone, she stood out. Erin looked sideways at the fiery [Lady] and then came out with it.
“So…is there anyone else like you? That I could even think of showing this room to?”
“Me? What do you mean by that?”
Maviola tilted her head, eyes thoughtful. Erin hesitated. She bit her tongue and spoke carefully.
“A…someone who tries to help other people?”
“You mean, like you. Not like me.”
The [Innkeeper] raised one eyebrow at Maviola. She got a serious look in return.
“Erin Solstice. This isn’t who Maviola El was in many stages of her life. If we had met and I knew your secret forty years ago—I would have used it to make my family stronger. Like Saliss of Lights or Klbkch the Slayer might do. Or anyone else.”
The [Lady] wanted to impress the danger onto Erin. She saw Erin meet her gaze and realize—she didn’t need to.
