7.48 K
Page 21
“You do not tell us when to make peace, Drake! The tribes are gathering!”
And they would make a gift worthy of it. The Woven Bladegrass tribe had watched the war in Chandrar. The [Fort General] was inhaling to reply. Then he saw a group of thirty charging the walls.
“You barbarians! Fill them with arrows!”
The [Archers] loosed one volley, then two. But the huge figures—not one fell. The [Fort General] heard howling. His eyes focused on their armor and he swore.
“Keep them from the walls! Keep them—”
He should have been watching the Gnoll [Warriors]. It was still a lucky shot. But the javelin flew hundreds of feet, struck the Drake, and carried him backwards. The Drakes along the wall felt the Skills boosting them vanish.
 
—-
 
Little events like that. It was like…brushfire. Sparks, given life by a larger battle. What it was, was people turning to one another and saying ‘did you see that?’
An ant could live happily forever, unless it learned of the mountain. Of course—Az’kerash had long known of the heights of the mountains. Even as an Archmage of Wistram, he had beheld greater foes. Heights even he and his friend has failed to reach.
“Of mortal men, he might be one of the most dangerous. Of mortal men. The Deaths of Rhir are greater threats. Yet that mortal man…Shivertail was one such.”
And how did you defeat foes like that? To the [Necromancer], it was only by patience. He paused a moment, waiting for a reply. But both of his Chosen had nothing to say. Bea and Ijvani were still…as he had made them.
His new Chosen might exceed them since he would give them the desire to learn and understand. He hoped they could learn from the curious Toren. Az’kerash sighed.
His other guest did not respond. The Necromancer watched her.
“Have you challenged such before, Witch Belavierr?”
Only then did she look up from her sewing. Az’kerash saw her knitting death magic. It was another great work. Collaboration between the two. She spoke, briefly.
“Yes.”
Then she went back to her work. Az’kerash sat there, parts of him mentally counting the declarations of war.
The Woven Bladegrass tribe has attacked…sacked the city of Lequiss. War with Ailendamus—unprovoked attacks on vessels friendly to Pheislant, Calanfer…
Belavierr was a poor conversationalist. And despite his…situation, Az’kerash had been a remarkable conversationalist. Immortality and isolation had helped him forget. But the man had remembered himself so he was a bit disappointed. His apprentice, perhaps…
“Have you any thoughts at all, Belavierr?”
She raised her hatted head and stared ahead blankly. Her fingers never stopped dancing, creating a web of magic and thread that even Az’kerash could not entangle.
“I know which creation I would like.”
That surprised him. The Necromancer hesitated and cast his eyes over his Chosen. They shifted.
“Speak, then, Belavierr. As our agreement goes. We may…negotiate.”
She looked at him and he was reminded of pacts with [Witches]. Belavierr smiled.
“I will tell you what I want when the moment is right. You ask of slaying great [Kings] and foes, [Necromancer]?”
“I do.”
The two looked at each other. Belavierr’s smile grew as the rings in her eyes seemed to expand, revealing another depth, another layer.
“Wait. Wait to strike.”
There was another meaning behind her words. He considered the meaning grimly. Then rose to attend to other business, elsewhere. His Chosen followed him and Belavierr was left alone to work.
The problem with finding his heart…was that it beat so loudly he could not pass the years away.
 
—-
 
