7.48 K
Page 24
The rat nibbled at his fur, licking at the salt of his sweat. Calruz petted her head. She nuzzled his hand. The words came more easily now that he wasn’t arguing.
Like always, they came better after the hot words had been exchanged. He could finally explain when it was too late.
“I do not want to die. No—that isn’t true. I feel…I feel as though I have not been punished. I have committed great crimes. And imprisonment? It does not match my crime. Perhaps if I was a Drake or Gnoll, I could accept it. But I was raised by the House of Minos’ rules. I have asked to be punished as we sentence each other. I know it is an irony to ask that. But…”
He looked around and shook his head.
“Perhaps this is the greater punishment.”
Rhata squeaked.
“Except for you and Haldagaz. Greater and lesser, Rhata.”
Calruz amended his statement. He sat there.
“But I wish to perform a deed like that. I could enter the heart of the dungeon. Fight to my last against…anything. I would walk the Bloodfields until my death and delay the growth of that blight another second. Another inch. But let me die like that. Don’t let me—drag her down with me.”
He sat there, head bowed. Rhata crawled up his arm and sat on his shoulder. She pooped on his fur. It could have been a sign of solidarity.
After a while, Calruz received another visitor. She stood in front of his cell. He looked up at her.
“I regret showing it to you, Calruz of Hammerad. I did not mean to torture you with that knowledge.”
Beza looked past Calruz. He rose, and looked at her.
“It was neither torture nor injustice, Bezale of Maweil. It was an honor to see.”
“Yes.”
The two stood there, Bezale awkwardly. She always remembered her first conversation with him. But now…
“I spoke with the Watch Captain. She will not let me do as General Ozem did with the criminals of Minos.”
“She said the same thing to me.”
“Ah.”
Calruz hadn’t been aware Bezale had petitioned Zevara. Perhaps that was why she had snapped at him so quickly when he’d brought it up. They stood there.
“I…”
Beza didn’t know what to say. She had tested the Minotaur and he had no magic in him that would have made him insane. But somehow—she was beginning to doubt that his dishonor had come from himself alone. She was starting to believe the Drake.
Nevertheless, the proof was in the past. And as Calruz had said—there was no other evidence. Just a Drake’s…affection. A regard for his innocence.
“Bezale. Would you do me a service?”
The [Spellscribe] started.
“Perhaps. What is it?”
Calruz looked at her. Then he stood straighter.
“You have done me a service by showing me the House of Minos’ stand against the King of Destruction. And Zevara has…allowed me to see the world passing as well. Perhaps there is a way to resolve this. I would ask that you send a [Message] for me.”
The Minotauress’ eyes sharpened.
“The House of Minos is far away, Calruz. To whom would you send it?”
“Someone with the right to judge. Which neither you nor I have.”
The [Spellscribe] realized what he meant. She sighed. Then she nodded to him, almost a bow.
“Yes, Calruz of Hammerad. I will take your letter.”
So he spoke, and she wrote. And the letter was sent.
Calruz fed Rhata a grape.
 
—-
 
Venaz of Hammerad put down the letter he had received. The news was good and bad.
“There is a cure!”
The others were celebrating. And the Minotaur himself was smiling. Yet—the cure was not easy.
