7.48 K
Page 3
“Since High King Perric decided to declare war before we’d left his borders, we’ll strike him. Mars—Orthenon—the border city ahead of us. Trevlt? Take it.”
The King’s Steward and the Illusionist looked up. They nodded, almost relaxing.
“Don’t kill civilians. Rout the defenders; the Nomads will help sack the city with two thousand horse. Go.”
“Your will, your Majesty!”
Mars’ eyes glittered. Orthenon bowed, a thin, bitter smile on his face. Teres opened and closed her mouth. She saw them turn, riding north towards a city on the horizon.
“Destroy…?”
“It won’t have more than a dozen Level 30 individuals. If it has someone unexpected, they’ll fall back. Mars could—and has—taken a city herself. They can’t hurt her. And Orthenon is too intelligent to put himself in jeopardy. Moreover—it will relieve their failures.”
The King of Destruction looked ahead. He dismissed the city as if it were already burning.
“Come, Teres. We have to ride faster if we’re yet to assault Jecrass before they have time to spirit that damned [Prime Minister] away. Enough moping.”
He rode faster. Teres shouted after his back.
“Haven’t you had enough?”
Flos of Reim looked at her. He cast a glance back towards the battlefield, and shook his head.
“What should I do now? Give up? Sue for peace with my enemies baying for my blood? Teresa. It is time to turn the borders to blood and fire. And when I reach the House of Minos and Savere—I will repay yesterday a thousand times over.”
Such different worlds. Teres slowed down as she saw that difference more plainly, at last. He had seen greater battles, bloodier, more devastating. The events of yesterday had affected the King of Destruction least. But everyone else had watched and seen.
Their reactions were more telling.
 
—-
 
The King of Destruction’s war with the House of Minos was revealing on several levels. Firstly—if you were in the Titan’s class, it was, as he pointed out, an example of levels versus numbers.
“The Minotaurs just gave the King of Destruction his first real defeat. They did it with an incredibly small force, but high-leveled veterans and incredibly powerful siege weapons. It proves that the King of Destruction’s army is still fundamentally flawed. He has some of his old vassals but his army is full of holes. Miss Angelica, one flaw. Five seconds to respond.”
He pointed. The [Princess] gulped and blurted the first thing that came to mind.
“[Mages]?”
The Titan nodded and she relaxed.
“Good. No [Mages]. He has a few; not enough to shield his army, let alone Amerys of the Seven. Another flaw. You.”
A student flinched.
“Uh—uh—uh—”
“People die when a [Strategist] takes too long, Mister Iril! You! Flaw!”
“High-level [Archers[?”
“Good! We didn’t see those. These are the easy ones. Next?”
“Um—Garuda? Takhatres of the Seven was fighting the Empress…”
“Yes. The Minotaurs would have never tried that with an army of Garuda in the skies. They’d have destroyed the artillery. But General Ozem would have never landed if he’d thought there was even a whiff of Garuda in the air. This is what I keep telling you all: pick your battles. And make sure the enemy can’t!”
The Titan was expounding on the battle and aftermath with unusual vigor, even for him. He was…restless. They called him Professor, here. But one look at him reminded his students that Niers Astoragon was first a [Strategist]. Like the King of Destruction—he saw battle and it lit something up in him.
