7.48 K
Page 20
“I know that. But I know you now. I wouldn’t have risked it otherwise.”
“Well said.”
Maviola sighed. Then she thought of Erin’s question.
“People like me? Allies you could trust to be…? There are a few. A while ago—I’d have been surer and given you a decent list. With this Circle of Thorns business…and this world has shifted.”
“What’s the Circle of Thorns?”
The [Lady Firestarter]’s eyes went wide. She turned to Erin.
“Oh. You have no idea. Magnolia…they nearly killed her.”
“Magnolia?”
It took the time for Selys to stand up, shakily wander into the ‘scary room’, and go back to sit down for Maviola to explain. Numbtongue was playing on the laptop as Mrsha begged for a chance. She kept shaking his arm to throw off his aim and the Hobgoblin was, for once, vexed with her as he swatted at the Gnoll.
“No way. There are people like that out there?”
Erin’s expression was taut. Maviola nodded.
“It’s an old group. But they’ve grown like a weed. It makes…me giving you names harder. And I don’t know the children as well as I knew their parents. For instance, oh, thirty years back I’d have said House Byres would always be your ally. But Yitton is not his father or mother. He’s a bit more hidebound. His offspring are very decent sorts. Yet House Byres isn’t as powerful as it was. But a list…”
She had to think. Maviola El closed her eyes.
“I’ll have to write another letter. Keep it somewhere safe. And if ever you need it—House El will honor it.”
“Thank you.”
That was what Erin wanted. Maviola nodded.
“You can’t trust all of my family. Fulviolo was a good man—my brother. I think Deilan—the new patriarch—has some of his spirit. But he is leader first, good man second. That is how it is with most of the Five Families. But good folk…if you are in fear of your life, go to Tyrion Veltras.”
“Him? But—”
Maviola raised a hand, cutting Erin off.
“That fool would put himself between death to do the ‘right thing’ as he sees it. What that ‘right thing’ is, though…if you fear for your life, Erin Solstice. And he will use your knowledge like a weapon. It’s all he knows. Now, if it’s less than that…go to Soloun Veltras. A relative of the main family. He’s a recluse—but your little [Druid] is the sort he hangs out with. Another trustworthy name? Hm. Of the Five Families—there’s a good Wellfar in Hetessana. You may hear about her failed romances, but she is still kindly. Lonely, but…”
Erin had a piece of paper. She wrote down the names and locations of the people Maviola told her about. And Selys slowly looked around at the other Earthers. Rose came to sit by her, and Imani stood with Palt, ready to swoop in, talking about home.
Perhaps it was a little thing. But if you looked at Erin Solstice—the fact that she had decided to do this of her own volition was the extraordinary bit. She looked north, writing down names of powerful people. She had seen the King of Destruction. Her reaction was not to go to war, but to safeguard. Yet, she did react.
 
—-
 
It was a smaller Drake city, bordering one of the Gnoll plains whose walls were tall. And the defenders were actually relatively experienced, like Liscor’s Watch.
They had a [Fort General], who shouted down to the milling shapes below. They were out of bow and spell-range. He sneered down at them as his tail lashed.
“You savages! We’ve thrown back your tribes year after year! You still want to fight? We made peace with your tribe three years back! Do contracts mean nothing to you?”
He heard growling from beyond. And the Chieftain of the Woven Bladegrass tribe, new, younger, howled her answer back.
