7.48 K
Page 18
Helicopters, surgical tools, microscopes, computers, Maviola walked across the wall. Then she stopped where Lyonette was.
She looked up at a diagram labeled ‘Tank’. Next to an illustration of a ‘Gun’. She tried to understand it. Then—Erin had drawn this. It looked like a mushroom. Or a cloud. Maviola read the little illustration.
“Ah.”
She tried to imagine something like that. What grade of spell? Tier…Tier 8? Tier 7…a few Tier 7…
“A crossbow that can shoot further, faster, without needing to reload. It can hurl bits of metal through armor, hundreds of ‘shots’ per second. The big ones can apparently destroy castle walls in a single shot. That thing? It can fly and shoot those things. So fast it breaks the air or something.”
Lyonette whispered as she looked up at a fighter jet. Maviola El nodded solemnly. At last—she understood.
So this was another world. She abruptly sat down.
“I…I could use that chair, Lyonette.”
 
—-
 
Erin got Selys back after five minutes. Which was a good thing; she had created her secret rooms to educate her friends, contain knowledge. But it did have one weakness, and Maviola had realized it after she grew lightheaded—not just because of the realization of Earth.
There was no air if the [Garden of Sanctuary] wasn’t open.
Everyone gasped for air as Erin led Selys back in. The [Innkeeper] realized she’d been keeping the door under her control.
“Ooh. Um. Maybe we need a window or two, Lyonette?”
“I think so. Or just some vents. I’ll ask Belgrade to adjust the rooms later. We could have a door…just locked. Maybe a secret one?”
“That’d be great.”
Leon kicked Troy covertly. Maviola’s eyes flickered left, but she was distracted. Mrsha led Ekirra out of the secret rooms; he was still licking his milkshake cup, oblivious.
But there it was. Selys was still breathing hard.
“I’m sorry, Selys. I thought you knew almost all of it. I think…some of the others do. The Halfseekers know everything but what Earth is…and the Horns do—or Pisces and Ceria do. Especially Pisces. Can’t trust that invisible dude. And then there’s Eldavin…Krshia…Klbkch? I have no idea if Relc knows. Olesm knows something, but he’s not allowed in here, Maviola.”
“Understood.”
The [Lady] looked at Erin. Selys was gulping for air.
“I’m going to throw up. I’m—I’m—”
She looked around, eyes wide. Imani saw and came over to Selys. She held the Drake’s clawed hand gently.
“I think she’s having a panic attack. Palt?”
“[Calm]. Good idea, Imani.”
The [Illusionist] trotted over. Erin smiled briefly.
“…And Wistram knows. Montressa and Bezale. And…there are more of us.”
“More of you? Where?”
“Baleros. Geneva.”
“Oh.”
There was another map of this world with a few tentative pins. Like all lost peoples, the Earthers were trying to find each other. One pin in Wistram labeled ‘Blackmage and Others’. Another in Terandria. The Singer. A pin for ‘Geneva and Friends’. One in Chandrar labeled ‘Rémi Canada’. There were a few more pins, from Rose’s memory of the text chat.
Ryoka in Reizmelt. Erin stared at the map. She had one pin she could add. But the [Emperor] was a secret for now. Palt knew about Geneva and the others already.
Selys was calming down. Mrsha climbed into her lap and gave her a hug. Not everything from Earth was huge. Erin had had the right idea, only she’d executed too much of it at once. Mrsha showed Selys a toy.
“What’s this?”
