7.48 K
Page 13
“They’re too expensive. What am I saying? We are not mounting a ballista on the inn!”
Zevara would kill her. Bird looked at Lyonette, antennae quivering. Then he sat down, lay on his shelled back, and began to wave his arms and legs.
“I want a ballista! Waaah! Waaaah! Am I being annoying? I will do this until I get one! I want a ballista!”
“Bird. Stop that!”
Lyonette snapped at Bird. He didn’t stop. Lyonette closed her eyes. Think, think…aha! Bird-logic!
“Bird, we cannot buy a ballista because they are not for sale! Pallass does not sell them! They’re too uh, valuable!”
Bird stopped flailing and crying. He sat up.
“Are you sure? You are not lying, are you, Lyonette? I would be hurt if you were.”
“I’m not, Bird. Swear on a truth spell. We can’t get a ballista. And if we could—I would still say no. Because it’s dangerous, and it’s a siege weapon, and what am I doing arguing about this? The answer is no.”
Lyonette pointed down at him. Bird folded all four arms sullenly.
“Is that clear, Bird? No going into Pallass and asking.”
“I will not.”
“What was that?”
“I will not go into Pallass, Lyonette.”
“Good.”
The [Princess] sighed. Then she heard the giggling and looked to one side. Mrsha and Numbtongue were lying on the ground, pounding it with their fists, laughing their butts off.
“Very funny. Well, Miss Mrsha, if it’s so funny, maybe you don’t need to visit Erin’s secret place with the others? I hear they’re having lots of fun, but if someone would rather be here…”
Mrsha leapt up in alarm. She ran to grab Ekirra—who was sniffing the cocoa tree for more chocolate—and tugged him back towards the door. Lyonette nodded to Numbtongue.
“We’ll be gone for a bit. Let us know if anything comes up.”
“Sure. Will do.”
The Hobgoblin lay down in the grass, still chuckling. Bird was muttering to himself as Lyonette, Mrsha, and Ekirra vanished through the door. For a moment there was music—Numbtongue’s ears perked up. He began to sit up.
“…ballista would be useful for defense. Everyone needs a ballista. It is very unfair that Pallass will not share…”
“Coming, Bird?”
Numbtongue pointed towards the wall. Bird didn’t answer. Numbtongue left him to sulk. He walked down the hill and heard a small voice from the [Bird Hunter].
“Fine then. I will build one myself.”
Numbtongue looked backwards. It was the most ominous thing he had ever heard Bird say. He hesitated. But—he would really have liked a ballista too. So he pretended he didn’t hear it and walked through the door.
 
—-
 
Lyonette, Mrsha, Ekirra and then Numbtongue all walked through the Garden of Sanctuary’s door. They reappeared back in The Wandering Inn, as Erin had done. But they were not…accessible…to the other guests.
Erin Solstice’s new secret. Obviously—the people who’d helped her with it knew. And her guests. But it had been ferreted out by some of her semi-permanent guests.
Ferris hadn’t noticed. But there was an expert, as it were, among even those intelligent sorts. Grimalkin, Saliss, Ferris…they were good.
Ratici though, he’d seen it at once. He had left the rec room, and since there was no Numbtongue, and Miss Erin had vanished into the safe Garden of Sanctuary, Wilovan went to find his friend.
“Ratici. What are you doing?”
The [Thief] looked around as Wilovan stood next to him. The shorter Drake adjusted his cap.
“Wilovan, if I were to vouchsafe a theory to you, would you consider it?”
“Naturally, dear fellow.”
“Well then, allow me to make a few…well, what would you think of this wall?”
