7.48 K
Page 26
“We have been here too long. Look how these other nations grow stronger. An entire continent—three could reinforce Izril. We have been stalemated here. Had we taken Izril, I would be content.”
The Slayer rejoined the council of war with Wrymvr and the Twisted Queen. And he received nothing but affirmation from the two of them.
“What. You say is all. We. Have concluded. Klbkchhezeim.”
The words came painfully from the Twisted Queen’s mandibles. At the same time, her sending was far more eloquent, betraying the intact mind in the ruined body.
(Yet we lack a way to cross the sea. We are landlocked and of every nation in the world, the Walled Cities are among the most unassailable.)
“We should have landed on Terandria.”
That was the plan. Of course—any continent would have worked if not for the damn water.
(Minotaurs. Dangerous weapons for ships. Not on land.)
Wrymvr projected an image of their enchanted weapons destroying countless, fragile wooden vessels. Klbkch nodded. That was where they’d be strongest. An army of True Antinium…wouldn’t fear the artillery barrage as much as other species. If linked, they’d just dodge each shell with a thousand eyes and minds working at once.
[Army of the King] bothered Klbkch more. And the [Pirate]’s ship.
“The Illuminary puts a hole in Xrn’s plans and ours. It is clear that ship could destroy any vessel we seize. So even if we sailed from First Landing after stealing a craft…any high-level [Captain] could sink our vessel.”
(True. There is no way to win at sea against experts. Only Wrymvr has survived the depths.)
“Have there been attempts to create water-capable Antinium?”
Klbkch knew the answer even as the Twisted Queen lowered her one free mandible.
“Mine have all. Failed. However the. Other Queens may have attempted it. If. So. They failed likewise.”
The Slayer nodded. He stalked back and forth.
“Perhaps, then, we must either hire a [Pirate] of Rasea’s caliber—or threaten them—or obtain these scrolls. Greater Teleportation.”
They’d never been able to find them, despite finally learning of a relic with that grade of magic. Wrymvr echoed Klbkch’s frustration.
(You will be alone. Magic cannot steal me.)
“Xrn and I could move faster. But we would need at least…five. Or three, if we sent just me.”
(Xrn is stronger. We would send her if we had three.)
Klbkch smacked Wrymvr in one of his glowing eyes. It hurt Klbkch’s hand; the eyes were shielded.
(You have picked up odd habits, Klbkchhezeim.)
“I learned it from Relc.”
“What is. A Relc?”
 
—-
 
A similar conversation was happening elsewhere. In other Hives, that was. Xrn was excited. She had a longer view than Klbkch and Wrymvr.
“I will try a Tier 4 spell next.”
“Prognugator Xrn. I do not feel safe!”
“Just stand there! You are perfectly warded! You should survive even if your Skill fails!”
Xrn happily called out. Pawn shook as he raised his staff. His miracle created a barrier in the air.
“Skills. The Antinium will not lose so easily next time.”
They were stress-testing his Skills. The [Holy Barrier] made Xrn very happy. She lifted her staff.
“Ready? I will use a standard spell. One, two…”
“Prognugator Xrn, I am very—”
“[Siege Fireball]!”
She was an optimist. Pawn’s barrier actually held. But it winked out a moment after the blast and the fire raining down still made Pawn run screaming in terror. In fairness—she had been throwing spells straight at him for the last five minutes.
 
—-
 
