7.48 K
Page 16
“Okay! Let’s do a dance from home! Who can moonwalk? Kevin, didn’t you say you could?”
“That’s Joseph! Go on, show them, Joseph!”
“Aw.”
The young man from Spain looked around. He really didn’t want to. But he reluctantly did it past the world map. He’d marked his home country there, with a golden pin.
Home. Maviola looked at it. There was even one of those helpful little scales that approximated distance—and then proceeded to convert miles to kilometers.
Palt was watching her, Maviola knew. Selys was shaking her head.
“I…wait a second. Wait a second…”
Maviola looked around as Erin tried to start a conga line and half of her guests refused. She was acting extra-silly, even by her standards. And she kept glancing at Selys and Maviola. The [Lady Firestarter] felt Erin’s thoughts, as if she were speaking them aloud.
Do you see? Can you figure it out?
“Okay, who wants to play games?”
Kevin turned off the music as it became apparent no one wanted to copy Erin’s silly dances. The others began eating or talking about what else they could add to the room. After all; the marveling was done for the Earthers.
Erin had closed off this section and begun the ‘Earth zone’ project yesterday. After the battle with the King of Destruction had been broadcast.
Resonance. Maviola El felt it in her bones too.
“I’m running out of time.”
She should have left. But two things kept her here. Things worth dying for.
A chance. Saliss of Lights had promised her a chance and she was needed for the Summer Solstice. There was too much yet to do.
Second—this.
“So…this is Earth.”
She wandered over to the orb of clay and bent down, then looked at the world map.
“It’s blue and green?”
“That’s what it looks like.”
Maviola gave Erin a long stare. The young woman nibbled on a carrot stick.
“You couldn’t possibly know that, Erin.”
“Can too. We have pictures.”
“Of what?”
“Earth.”
“What?”
It was impossible for Maviola to wrap her mind around. Not only did the orb mystify her, but the fact that Earth could be rendered into a picture?
“If that’s land—it is covered in grass? How do you know it’s green? Why aren’t your skins all green. Is the soil green?”
“No! It’s like—from above, all the stuff looks green. I mean, the picture is more real. Hey Kevin! Kevin, stop playing Halo with Numbtongue! Show Maviola the picture of Earth!”
Erin broke up the video-gaming and demanded a picture of Earth. Maviola El saw a rotating orb. She made a sound, as a composite Earth, brought to life from software and images taken from afar appeared on screen.
“Oh.”
That was all she said. Selys stared at the image. She put a claw to her head.
“What…what am I looking at, Erin? Is this it? This?”
She stared at the knowledge-board.
 
Earth.
 
Below it were bits and pieces. The young people hadn’t laid it out perfectly; they’d tried, but none of them were prepared to organize all the understanding and history of Earth. Especially not to outsiders.
 
Science/Math—
E = mc2. ‘E’ stands for energy. ‘m’ is mass. ‘c’ is the speed of light.
Gravity is AROUND 10 meters per second.
            –You’re an idiot. It’s 9.8, and meters per second per second. Rose.
The Human body has 206 bones.
Titanium.
Speed is relative.
            –That’s what the formula says. Kevin.
 
And so on. It was infighting, arguments about what people remembered correctly, crossing’s out, revisions…there was another section simply titled ‘Religion’. Selys read from the list.
