7.48 K
Page 1
Now, he sat, weary in his saddle, as his army rode from Medain’s borders. They had not halted to rest beyond healing injuries even though they had just fought the battle that the newspapers were reporting on.
They had too far to go to rest. Nerrhavia’s Fallen, the Claiven Earth, Medain, and nations as distant as Savere and A’ctelios had declared war. But—some like A’ctelios had already declared war.
The difference was that they were marching. Reim had its spies and informants, and Orthenon had reported that A’ctelios had sent its war band from the Carven City; Nerrhavia’s Fallen was mobilizing armies in the plural…
“…‘a moment to test the legend of the King of Destruction.’ Well written, that fellow. Another of your Earth-folk.”
“I think so, your Majesty.”
Teres was nervous. Flos just nodded.
“It will be defense, now. As he says. The last time so many nations declared war on me was when I had unified most of Chandrar. Then—it was multiple continents. The Walled Cities, Balerosian companies, half of Terandria…well, they had tried to stymie me before but with less unity. A time to test the legend indeed.”
Teres just nodded. She was nervous. Flos was too calm, now. He looked to the side.
His army was silent on the march. Last time, after Jecrass, he had invigorated them with a speech. Today though, it seemed as though Flos had no bright spot to find.
They had been defeated. By a [Pirate], by the armies of Minos…and the great Skill of the King of Destruction had been wasted, in a sense. Oh, General Ozem and his armies were dead or fleeing back across the sea. But Rasea Zecrew had killed Ulyse, stopped Reim’s army from seizing Medain and the King of Duels.
“Your Majesty…”
“You only call me ‘your Majesty’ when you want something or you’re nervous of me, Teres. You needn’t be. I have been humbled. But I know where to direct my wrath.”
Teres saw Flos’ head turn towards her. She nodded tightly.
“Then—what happens next?”
“A few things. While we ride, a few things. It’s been long enough. Let’s check on Orthenon.”
The two turned slightly back. The [Steward] was sitting in one of the wagons. No horse for him; he could ride, but the [Healer] and [Necromancer] had been in agreement. He needed to keep his hand as steady as possible.
“Will your fingers keep their strength and dexterity, my steward?”
“I think so, your Majesty. They’re already rejoined. [Death Keeper]?”
The Rustängmarder’s [Necromancer] and specialist bowed as he sat with the [Steward].
“The tissue has not rotted. The bones have not been destroyed. I will check the muscle again—but it is not my specialty. The [Healer] has done all she can.”
“Do so, then. Orthenon, I have need of you.”
The [Steward] nodded and held out his arm. Teres watched uneasily as the [Death Keeper] ran his hands along the place where two of Orthenon’s fingers had been severed by Rasea. The Rustängmarder’s [Necromancer] had reattached it. It was one of the reasons their mercenary company was so dangerous; they could reattach limbs with death magic.
“Be careful. If you feel any pain or stiffness, this may require an expert beyond either of us.”
That was all he said to Orthenon. The [Steward] nodded and stood.
“Your will, my [King]?”
The [Steward] was easier to read than the King of Destruction at the moment. He was angry. Teres saw it in his expressionless face. Knowing Orthenon—he might have felt responsible for failing to stop Rasea, or predict her attack.
The King of Destruction nodded.
“With me. Mars.”
