7.49
Page 3
Numbtongue asked after both had eaten enough to stave off their initial famine. Octavia looked around for a napkin, then showed him the [Messages].
“Look at this. Remember my fungus?”
“Mhm.”
“Well—it’s finally gotten to Zeres and they tested it and its working.”
He raised his brows, smiling. It was huge—distant news. Yellow Rivers had never hit Liscor. But it was one of the issues Drassi’s new segment talked about; the growing epidemic affecting coastal nations, mainly.
“What about the medicine to…Baleros?”
Octavia sorted through the messages.
“No word yet—oh! They want more of it! This—I can’t even fulfill it! Oh wow. Oh wow. This—this is from their [Admiral of Supply]. That’s—that’s the biggest official in Zeres!”
“Mhm. Congratulations. Is there hot pepper?”
Numbtongue looked around for the bowl of dried hot flakes. He didn’t get it. Octavia saw the order and the prices Zeres was willing to pay per pound…her head spun. She got up.
“I have to—”
“Eat.”
Numbtongue caught her arm. The [Alchemist] protested.
“But Numbtongue!”
“Eat first. Fight later.”
The sage advice calmed Octavia down. She sat, mind racing. She was going to level from this! She was going to be rich! And famous! And she owed it to…
“Erin?”
The Stitchgirl looked around for Erin, but the [Innkeeper] was gone. Octavia sat there—and then read the other [Messages].
“Grower’s License for Oteslia—stuff me with satin! I—oh. Oh. That’s not good.”
The Hobgoblin looked up. He was trying to figure out if he should say ‘effusive’ in congratulating Octavia. He wasn’t quite sure how to use it after reading it in a book.
‘You did effusively well?’ Just…wasn’t quite right. He’d have to ask Kevin what it meant.
“What’s wrong?”
“The…shipment to Baleros? To this Geneva?”
“Mhm? Something happen to the Courier?”
Octavia read slowly.
“Not to him…but this is…”
She looked out the window. Mrsha was outside. People were staring out the windows. The little Gnoll was standing just outside the inn, arms stretched high into the sky as the rain pelted her. She was laughing, silently, ignoring Lyonette calling her in.
To her, it was a wondrous sight. Neither good nor evil, but impressive. The rain fell harder and Numbtongue waited.
“What?”
“It’s run into trouble. I need to tell Erin—or Lyonette. And—it says a copy of this was sent to Geneva.”
“What’s wrong?”
The Hobgoblin stood. Octavia distractedly pointed.
“Trouble at sea. Everyone wants the medicine. But Tritel’s writing—it’s the weather.”
She pointed to the window. Numbtongue looked up. It was raining here and in Pallass. But so what? He glanced at the windows as Bird joined Mrsha, praying for water birds. And the rain fell harder.
 
—-
 
The first shipment of Octavia’s Occillium product had reached Zeres. The name had stuck, despite efforts to change it. The fungus, an equivalent to Penicillin, possibly even broader than its Earth-equivalent, was a cure.
To what extent was unknown. But it was a broad-spectrum antibacterial cure.
It was what people suffering from Yellow Rivers needed. It could be grown; Zeres and Oteslia were already cultivating as much as they could. On pumpkins…other legumes, which was what the mold took to.
All good news. And thanks to The Wandering Inn and Erin Solstice—or ‘Joseph’—the medicine had been carried at top-speed by Tritel and Ci, the Moonlight Rider to the nearest port. There, surely, it would reach Talenqual so the Last Light of Baleros could fully develop guidelines for its use with [Healers] across the world, right? Surely it was that easy?
