7.49
Page 9
It must reach Baleros. We are waiting on The Waverider’s Wake. Please arrange more transport.
Urgent. The Yellow Rivers disease is mutating and patients are dying as symptoms intensify.
 
She saw it in her clinics now, more than ever. There were now two in Talenqual. One, a mass-treatment and isolation facility, a burgeoning two-story building staffed by Selphid [Nurses] and volunteers like the helpful Lizardgirl who’d become one of the managers.
The second…was intensive care, for the most seriously ill or those showing secondary symptoms. Geneva’s work was being picked up by other [Healers] on the front; they wrote in every day now, and unlike Zeres’ [Healers], they followed her guidelines to the letter.
They were all desperate for the mold. In the meantime—Geneva tried to steal as many seconds as she could.
“Doctor. One of our serious patients is a Dullahan.”
“Where’s the information?”
“Here.”
It was something Umina saw that impressed her. She had not come up with the system of writing down each patient’s information, everything from gender to weight to symptoms—it was organization and most [Healers] did not employ it.
That Geneva Scala had insisted on it, implemented it with perfect understanding spoke to Umina of someone who treated countless patients. It was so…polished. She didn’t even need to be here as Geneva read from the clipboard. But she stayed. This was important.
The [Doctor] passed a hand across her face.
“This…this is a child. He didn’t contract the disease via intercourse or even contact?”
“Not what his family claims.”
“What if they lied? Did you subject them to a truth crystal—oh.”
Geneva saw the checked box. She looked at Umina.
“Thank you. Urrexa?”
“Uh…yes.”
Umina forgot which fake-name she was using. She kept switching them and Geneva was so tired she didn’t seem to notice. The Dullahan family had sworn by truth crystal that the boy—and he was very young, barely more than seven—had contracted the disease without touching or being more intimate with anyone who was sick.
Given how widespread knowledge of the epidemic was and how sudden and severe the symptoms—Umina had believed them without the crystal.
Geneva read the details—twice. She began to feel sick again. No other family members showing symptoms. That might rule out water supply…she would have to ask for more details. She looked up at Umina.
“Alright. I want protective gear on everyone who treats this Dullahan. This—this could be airborne.”
The Lizardgirl gulped. That was the worst-case possibility for Geneva. The Yellow Rivers disease was already highly contagious by liquid, hence the gear that each [Nurse] needed. And they were still falling sick. But if it got worse?
The Dullahan boy was armored in steel. Beautiful steel, worked by a master.
“Hello, [Doctor].”
He looked solemnly up at her as his head rested on a stand. He was coughing and—Geneva read from the clipboard—he had pus-filled sores on his body. It wasn’t visible because he was still wearing his armor—but the armor had to come off and he needed treatment.
Over 70% of Dullahans were dying because they refused to have their armor removed and the infection dressed.
The disease was mutating. His family had all wanted to be there, but only the two parents were allowed to wait in a room separate from this quarantined one. Geneva had asked them repeated questions. Like their son, they were armored in fine, decorative steel. Rich, in short.
