7.49
Page 26
The [Rogue] whispered to Moore. The half-Giant shook his head.
“I can’t, Seborn. I’ll stand out.”
“Don’t be an idiot. Maughin is right there. And he’s wearing damn armor. Tell you what. I’ll ask the next person who bothers me to—”
“Absolutely not!”
Moore nearly raised his voice. He looked mortified by the idea. Seborn snapped his claw quietly in irritation. This was the brothel-conversation all over again.
“I’ll dance with you, Moore.”
Ulinde offered. The Selphid had danced with six partners already. Seborn and Moore looked at Ulinde. The Selphid was in a male Drake’s body, wearing a suit. Moore’s face said it all.
“Thank you, but I’m not good at dancing, anyways. You should have fun, Ulinde. I’ll just…”
“Magus Moore? Would you care to walk the floor with this Dullahan?”
The adventurers turned. A female Dullahan wearing one of the ceramic armors that were all-decoration had approached with a friend. The other one invited Ulinde. Moore turned white.
“I uh—”
He looked at Seborn. The [Rogue] nodded with a smile to the Dullahan and whispered out of the corner of his mouth.
“Go. Or I’ll have to dance with you.”
The half-Giant [Green Mage] hesitated. But he bowed, hesitantly. And followed the Dullahan onto the floor.
“It’s not hard. Don’t trip, Moore. You’ve danced over trap runes. Don’t trip…”
Seborn muttered under his breath as he watched Moore with considerably more anxiety than Jelaqua. Moore looked as though he’d forgotten how his legs worked. But it was not hard. The Dullahan girl was very graceful in her own way. They entered the floor and Jelaqua turned, seeing her friend.
Moore began stumbling along. He regained his footing—walked slowly. But his face, first white, had started turning red as the fires of an undersea volcano. The [Rogue] saw the half-Giant turning his head, seeing the smaller dancers…then snapping back to his partner.
He was distracted. Increasingly more distraught. Seborn watched, internally and externally cursing as the half-Giant radiated uncertainly.
Moore got halfway across the circuit when he bumped into another partner. Just the tiniest of nudges. He immediately whirled and began apologizing. Which not only slowed the dancers behind but—
“Kraken shit.”
Seborn saw Moore moving back from the confused Dullahan he was dancing with. He stepped away, shaking his head, face flushed.
“Moore! You didn’t do anything wrong. It’s fine—”
Jelaqua and Maughin followed Moore off the floor. The half-Giant looked like he was trying to cast [Invisibility].
“I shouldn’t dance, Jelaqua! I’m far too large. I’ll just stand here. Please—tell Miss Xerca I’m sorry and—”
He saw the Dullahan coming and froze up. Seborn stepped forwards—to kick Moore or help him apologize, he wasn’t sure. His friend looked miserable. About to burst into tears.
It was Maughin who turned to Moore and placed an armored hand on his shoulder. Moore started as the [Smith], the only person his size, looked Moore in the eye.
“Friend Moore, you are too self-conscious. Jelaqua and I dance together. Why should you stand alone?”
“I’m—”
The Dullahan shook his head. He gestured towards the floor. The dancers were spreading out. Some were even waving at Moore. The half-Giant saw a Centaur moving around the room, murmuring to them.
“This dance was meant for War Walkers to spend time with the smallest of their kindred. We grow into our armor. You are not overtall here, friend. It would be an honor to dance with Jelaqua’s team. Join us.”
