7.49
Page 13
The crew of the Emerald Signet roared as they fought for every second, keeping the ship upright. A wave slammed them down and the entire ship groaned. Inky stared ahead at the glowing bubble in the sea.
 
—-
 
They weren’t going to make it. So the academy’s Archmages determined. The distant ship was already in danger of capsizing with every second.
“There’s more mana swirling around in that vortex than every [Mage] in Wistram could produce.”
Archmage Viltach stared at the distant storm, opposite the Emerald Signet. Feor nodded. Nature humbled. He felt the mana in the air—streaming away from him even as he conjured some around him. The storm was eating it all up.
And using it. Magical lightning—not the natural kind, but bolts of every color—struck. There was a waterspout reaching to the sky flashing with internal lightning, electrocuting any hapless creature sucked into it.
“Amerys would fly into the center of it to harness the power.”
Nailihuaile commented as she stared at the storm. Feor glared at her. The Lamia shrugged.
“Well, she would. Are we doing this or not?”
“With me.”
Feor curtly extended a wand. The Star Lamia lowered her staff and touched the tip of her relic, the Serkonian Lance, to it. Viltach lowered his wand.
The typhoon was moving so fast. It was going to hit the academy and then ‘bounce’. A crude word for saying that it would be deflected by the spell protecting Wistram and go spinning into an unknown direction. It was something…Wistram’s [Mages] didn’t like talking about and the news coverage had been short on explaining.
But the ship had two children from another world. So Feor closed his eyes. Below—more [Mages] were joining hands or catalysts, adding their magic to the flow in the citadel.
“Link! Reinforce the Weatherward! Extend it!”
The Archmage drew upon the spell. He might not have the class—but he was still Archmage of Wistram.
The bubble twisted in the air as the magical typhoon’s full fury hit Wistram. And the bubble—collapsed. In front of Feor, the protection spell retreated until the storm and lashing waves were a hundred feet in front of the isle. Fifty.
“We’re pulling the Weatherward in too close! Stop, you fool!”
Viltach howled. But Feor was extending the bubble of calm southwards, trying to catch the Emerald Signet.
Lightning struck at the bubble of peace. Now—the furthest edge of the typhoon struck the edge of Wistram’s isle. Feor saw the very edge of the isle vanish. He strained.
The ship was nearly in the bubble. Nearly—Feor saw the veil in front of him thinning.
“Uh…do we back up?”
Nailihuaile tried to step back. But they were linked. The Weatherward was stretched to its maximum, creating a corridor of safety nearly three miles southwards. The Emerald Signet sailed forwards, their crew cheering.
But the first edge of the typhoon was hitting Wistram. And the lightning—the magical lightning was threatening to pierce the Weatherward in its thinnest place. Feor saw the lightning striking, once, twice—hundreds of times at him, as if the storm knew he was the focus point of the magic! It was going to—
He was about to pull the Weatherward back and risk the Emerald Signet when he saw the figure striding along an empty balcony that extended into the storm. A giant. No—a woman.
Cognita. Her body was first that plain white marble. Flawless ivory. Then—Feor saw her change.
The Truestone Golem walked into the edge of the storm, just past the Weatherward’s boundaries. But she did not go flying. She anchored herself. And her body turned into a brilliant, golden crystal.
