7.49
Page 10
Geneva hadn’t wanted to know any of that from them. She’d just quizzed them to make sure the young Dullahan had not directly interacted with anyone other than possible airborne contamination or some water source she hadn’t uncovered yet.
With the boy she was kinder.
“Hello. Seql, isn’t it? I am Geneva Scala. A [Doctor].”
“I know, Doctor Scala. They call you the Last Light of Baleros.”
He looked solemnly up towards her. So much unlike Human children—and like some of them as well. A child. He knew how sick he was.
Slowly, Geneva sat down.
“Some people call me that, Seql. But I can’t work miracles. I wish…I could. Do you know why you’re here?”
“I have Yellow Rivers.”
She nodded.
“Seql. I know this might be hard—but I’m going to have to ask you to take off your armor. And I might have to ask you some personal questions. It’s very important you answer me truthfully, do you understand?”
She had a little truth-stone. Seql nodded.
“I know. I didn’t touch anyone, [Doctor]. I promise.”
The stone glowed white. That was ‘truth’ for this stone.
“You can’t think of anything, Seql?”
Her visor was in the way. She must have looked like some huge, helmeted monster with only part of her face showing. But perhaps that was more reassuring to a Dullahan boy. He lay still; his parents had told Geneva he was in a great deal of pain. She’d already asked Umina to bring painkillers and anesthesia.
“I…I can’t. I went for a walk. Someone was coughing and our [Bodyguards] told me we had to return. That was…”
That was it. That was what the boy believed. Geneva nodded. She’d press him later for more clues. But if it was…
“Let’s take off that armor, Seql. I can help you. Let me know if I’m hurting you…”
She made no sound as the armor came away. But inside of her, Idis did.
The Yellow Rivers disease was moving faster. The boy had pus-filled sores in clumps. He was coughing—at least his head was separate from his body. It was very bad.
The first patients Geneva had treated were just weakened from the disease, which could kill without proper rest, water, attention to the infected areas. This? This would kill a healthy adult, let alone a child.
The [Doctor] had experience, though. More experience than anyone else in this world. So she worked. Seql made very little sounds as she gave him a painkilling tonic and got to work. He was being brave.
“Doctor. Am I going to die?”
She knew he would ask. And she had been bracing for it. Geneva took a deep breath.
“I’m going to do everything in my power to make sure that doesn’t happen, Seql. I, and everyone working here. Your parents as well.”
His brow creased.
“Is that a ‘yes’?”
Geneva sat there for a moment, the antiseptic liquids drying on her gloves. She had cleaned his injuries. She could slow the disease by sitting with him, sleeping in this place. But some patients died because even with the bacteria halted, their systems were simply so compromised.
“I am going to do my best, Seql. But the odds of you surviving are low. I want you to understand there is a cure.”
“I know.”
There was hope in his eyes. Geneva nodded slowly.
“…But it’s taking time in getting here. I’m going to make you as well as I can until it arrives. But I need it.”
“My…parents said they’ll help. They brought me here because everyone said you were the best.”
The boy informed her. Geneva nodded slowly.
“I’m going to turn your body over. We need to get at your back, Seql. Where are you from?”
He made a slight sound.
“Radlrn.”
“Oh? I don’t know that city. What do your parents do, Seql?”
“They own the city.”
The [Doctor]’s hands stopped moving for a moment.
