7.49
Page 27
Maughin solemnly placed a hand on Moore’s shoulder. Jelaqua took Maughin’s arm. Ulinde had his partner—Seborn saw Bevussa flutter over. She winked at him as Palt and Imani joined.
“Adventurer Moore? Would you care to continue our walk?”
The female Dullahan walked over. Moore looked around.
“But—”
“We’ll be around you. If you trip, you’ll fall on one of us. I’ve got your back, Moore.”
Bevussa nodded. Seborn saw the half-Giant take a deep breath. He bowed, shakily to the Dullahan.
“I…will, Miss Xerca.”
The four pairs entered the slow waltz. Moore was shaking, but Palt was waiting. The [Illusionist] had a merry look in his eyes. He and Imani were standing together—the spaced-out dancers calmed Moore down. But he was still a giant with Maughin and that bothered him most.
He looked around—and his friends stood around him. The [Green Mage] hesitated, and then he took a slow, steadying breath. He raised his arm and gently took the Dullahan’s.
Seborn exhaled softly. And he saw Palt smile. The Centaur [Illusionist] raised his wand and flicked it.
“A spell for courage, half-Giant.”
The [Rogue] saw—Bevussa staring at him. And he suddenly felt larger. He looked around, blinking. Suddenly—the dancers were all as tall as Maughin and Moore. The half-Giant looked around. There was laughing, brief applause. Palt took a bow and held out an arm to Imani.
“Well? You’re looking normal to us.”
Moore didn’t reply. He just blinked misty eyes and turned. The half-Giant danced, average among his peers.
The Walking-Waltz of Pallass’ Dullahans lasted for hours. Moore danced sixteen more times. It was, all things considered, a success that left most attending in good spirits.
It had nothing to do with the Couriers at sea except that it happened around the same time.
 
—-
 
Seve-Alrelious watched his enchanted spear go down with the serpent. His palms were torn by the struggle.
The magic of his tattoos was fading. Four of his comrades lay dark against his skin. Not dead, but resting.
When he died, they would be freed. They might perish in this storm. Or to the hunters.
The clutch of Sea Serpents brought down Arveil. The Nelgaunt, a cross between a catfish and a whale in appearance, fought the lashing shapes as the serpents wrapped around the smaller creature, biting, constricting him. But the tearing jaws and snapping teeth found only air as Arveil vanished.
It made the Sea Serpents even angrier. They were hungry, having been chased from their hunting by the Kraken. They tore at the Armershed Dolphins. The pod fought, diving and leaping until they were defeated.
Sixteen. The Hundredfriends Courier fired a single spell into the storm, heedless of the danger it might attract. Half the serpents pursued the illusion he conjured, finding purchase in the fake ship’s hull. The Tier 5 spell distracted them, even scratched their scaly hides. But it vanished all too soon.
“The cure must reach Talenqual. We have sworn it, Erek.”
The ape stared at Seve, and nodded solemnly. The Courier looked at the lashing shapes pursuing the World’s Pact. Soon—the [Gale Winds] spell would run out. They’d been forced off Igawiz’s Jet after two days of encounters with the increasingly vicious nest.
They were so close. Seve looked at the glowing primate, who had steered the ship as he fought. Then he slowly removed the cure from the bag of holding.
“…If it comes to it, Erek, cling to Arveil’s back. He might flee.”
The ape made a sound as he watched Seve working. The Courier was taking the watertight crates filled with the precious mold. Tying them to…
