7.49
Page 11
“Excuse me?”
Seql watched his own treatment and closed his eyes.
“They own the city. They’re part of the Iron Vanguard. We came from up north. Very far, Doctor Geneva. What should I tell them?”
The [Doctor] paused, then gently applied more of the poultice to his injuries.
“I’ll talk to them. Just know, Seql—that you should say anything you want to say to them. I will do my best.”
He nodded. His eyes were full of tears. Geneva gently turned his head away so he could cry in peace. When she stepped out of the room, and cleaned herself, and removed the armor, the two parents were there.
“I cannot do anything other than slow the Yellow Rivers disease in Seql. I will be in this unit day and night. But we need the cure.”
The father and mother were very reserved. Not uncaring—they stood together, in their armor that had failed to protect them against the smallest foe. The mother looked at Geneva.
“I am told, Doctor Geneva, that there is a complication in procuring this…medicine..”
“Yes, Miss Rederr. I do not have it. It is being sent from Izril—but the ships have encountered delays.”
“Ships? If you need ships—we are of the Iron Vanguard. Please, tell us what we can do.”
Geneva looked up at the desperate parents. For their son—they listened as she gave them the port-city and Tritel’s name.
The next message, sent within an hour from Tritel, was reported on by Drassi twenty minutes later. Because she had been in The Wandering Inn during her break and she’d heard Erin reading it.
 
From Tritel and Ci:
Regarding delivery of Yellow Rivers Cure to Talenqual, Baleros.
Iron Vanguard, Forgotten Wing, Maelstrom’s Howling, have all posted bounty on delivery of cure.
Samples being sent by way of Terandria and Chandrar while news awaited of Waverider’s progress.
Counter-bounties raised by Khelt, Pheislant, and five other nations for medicine as well. Samples sent to other nations already may be at risk.
Attempting to secure other means of transport.
 
So Geneva slept, waiting for more news. Not because she wanted to, but because Idis flooded her mind with impulses lulling her to sleep as she had for the last few days. She rested, as above her, the sick patients, including Seql, waited.
 
—-
 
“Geneva?”
It was Idis who woke her. The Selphid quietly waited for Geneva; she had been piloting Geneva’s body as the [Doctor] slept.
When Geneva’s mind took over, she saw a single [Message] waiting for her.
 
From Tritel:
Report. The Waverider’s Wake has gone down with all hands at sea. Wistram reports scrying ship’s demise.
Unable to send medicine by magic or air.
Sending more samples around typhoon. 
Requesting Sea Couriers.
 
—-
 
The cure reached Terandria and Chandrar. Or rather—ships already in-progress were intercepted at sea, their cargos seized.
Tritel had been canny. He had deliberately given each [Captain] a single crate, promising payment only when the delivery had been made—and a generous sum. Each delivery was noted by the Seafarer’s Guild, the arm of the [Storm Captain] fleets and alliances of navies and nations.
However. Some [Captains] still sold their valuable cargo. Others were loyal and true, for all the good it did.
“…ships known to frequent Savere’s ports have seized the third shipment. The Siren denies involvement, but samples are already appearing on the black markets…Roshal…cultivating their own…Khelt…Ailendamus’ blockade continues as…”
The other nations had their hands on the cure. Some paid [Pirates] or Undersea Crews or even [Storm Captains] willing to be privateers to acquire the medicine.
