7.49
Page 16
She should have believed. It was true—there were petty people. Selfish people. But there were also—brave people. Friends and heroes.
They were coming. Not around the storm, risking interception or delays, but straight through it.
Couriers.
 
—-
 
It was raining in Liscor. Hard. Mrsha saw the Floodplains beginning to fill again, after the second day.
She stared solemnly upwards, hoping it would stop. Because—because—the storm was wonderful here. But it was doing bad things at sea.
Very bad things. Erin was worried. But Couriers were making the delivery.
“Who are they?”
“Two are ships. Shellbazaar and The Four Winds of Teral are. But I don’t know the rest. Where’s Wailant? He or Seborn would know. Where’s Seborn?”
“Preparing for that fancy ball. They’re learning how to dance.”
“Oh. Cool.”
The little Gnoll stared upwards. Then she went to go watch the scrying orb. But the Wistram broadcast had refused to cover even the fact that four Couriers were outbound. News might have leaked—but they could all be scried—if they escaped the storm, that was.
Not even a [Scrying] spell could penetrate the magical typhoon.
Two guests came to The Wandering Inn that day to remember. Three if you counted Maviola. But she was a friend.
And her time was over halfway up. The [Lady] stared out at the rain. She stood there, wondering. Now? Today? She—her hands shook and she clasped them to make them calm.
She had to go. The [Lady Firestarter] turned. The rains had made the world dark. One last spark. It was a madness within her. She could count the sand falling…
She could delay as long as she wanted, lulled by this beautiful place and moment. But time was not so kind. She turned—
And Saliss booped her on the nose. The Named Adventurer swayed as Maviola did; only he nearly fell down.
“Saliss?”
Maviola stared at him. So did Erin, Mrsha, even Nalthaliarstrelous, eyebrows raised. Some of Pallass’ [Guard] had even come after Saliss, they were so worried. A first-level alarm had been sounded in the Walled City and for once, it wasn’t Erin’s fault.
Saliss was wearing pants.
To be more accurate—workpants. Clearly enchanted, stained pants, the kind the [Alchemist] used when even his natural Skills weren’t enough.
“What? What?”
Saliss picked himself back up. He swayed. His eyes were beyond bloodshot. There was more bloodshot than eyeball.
“Master Saliss! Master Saliss—”
Someone was hurrying around him, trying to get his attention. Saliss swiped at the Drake—one of the sales-experts he actually worked with and who helped manage his finances.
“What? Go away! I told you—its work pants! Even I have them! Stop freaking—hey, you.”
He fell down again. The Drake tried to pick him up.
“Master Saliss, you need rest. And also—consider the antidote, please! It would raise your reputation—”
The Drake tried to shove the other Drake and managed to push himself off his feet. He growled at the ceiling.
“Don’t bother me with stuff like that. Xif can make antidotes! I’m—working on something.”
“The client is offering—”
The broker-Drake looked around and whispered into Saliss’ earhole. The Named Adventurer had been taking a quick nap; he cracked one eye open.
“Huh. That’s not bad, actually. Blowfish poison? Drowned Folk? What Selphid? Oh, those children?”
He sat up, rubbing at his face. Then flopped over and went to sleep again. Maviola just stared at him.
It was not the moment. Not her story at this moment, anyways. It belonged to the sea. The storm. And perhaps Saliss himself knew that. Because all he did was pat her on the shoulder.
“…Hi. Okay. Where’s a bed?”
