7.49
Page 23
He eyed the Dullahan’s heads. They would definitely be outsiders there. Ulinde shrugged.
“We can’t socialize the same as Dullahans. I could remove my head, but it won’t talk—”
“Shut up, both of you. Let’s find a drink.”
Seborn led them away, towards one of the tables set up with food. He was watching Jelaqua as she greeted Maughin. Here—she was playing by the Dullahan’s rules. No kissing. No overt displays of affection—certainly not her hugging the Dullahan or chattering as she used to. It had annoyed Seborn on other days. Today, he was hoping she impressed the Dullahans.
“I wish I were back at sea. Then we could just sink the bastards.”
He muttered. Seborn thought he’d been so quiet only his team would hear, but Moore made a sound and looked past him.
“I wouldn’t say that around other Dullahans if I were you, Seborn.”
The [Rogue] whirled. He saw a four-legged [Mage] standing there, sipping from a cocktail. Palt winked at Seborn.
“Palt? You’re here?”
Ulinde was astonished. The Centaur [Illusionist] nodded.
“Ulinde—I’m from Baleros. Of course I got the invitation. I decided to attend. I er—brought a guest too. Not sure we’ll do much dancing, but she asked to come with when Erin—”
He coughed. The Halfseekers looked past him at Imani. The girl was staring around, and shuffling towards Palt. It surprised them to see her there, but the two were in the foreigner’s group, on the outside of the actual socialization.
“Hello, Imani.”
Moore gave her a smile as he looked around. Imani looked relieved as she nodded to him, very Dullahan-like. The Halfseekers were on display as well. Palt was most at home here—he had lived among Dullahans before.
“Well, now that we’re here. We should dance a few times. I’ve got four left hooves—but that’s never stopped me.”
“Is it complex, Palt? Jelaqua had us memorizing dances…”
The Centaur laughed quietly and waved it away.
“Ulinde, this is a walking-waltz, not a Terandrian thing. Dullahans made it so you can dance in armor. It’s not hard. See?”
He nodded across the room. There was Jelaqua and Maughin. After a moment, they’d gone onto the floor to share the first dance, as couples should. Her team watched.
Jelaqua and Maughin. The [Blacksmith] looked used to the attention. Indeed, he was one of the more important Dullahans in Pallass. He could do little wrong among his people. Jelaqua?
The opposite. If silent hostility was a spell—it was about Tier 5 and directed on the Selphid. Palt watched Jelaqua sympathetically. This was her test.
“Jelaqua Ivirith. It is good to see you. Your attire is lovely.”
“It’s hardly armor. Thanks, Maughin.”
Her lips moved very little as she smiled up at him. The giant Dullahan and Selphid walked along the slow-moving pairs; the music was indeed meant for a very slow kind of dance. A harpsichord was playing along with the stringed instruments Balerosian and Dullahan music was known for. The cellist who had played for Tails and Scales was among the Dullahan performers.
Eyes were on Jelaqua, judging her for her performance here. That was why the Selphid had worked so hard on the last few days. She had even had to choose which body to wear.
It would have been a travesty to wear a Dullahan’s body, especially since it could no longer magically separate. The same went for a Raskghar, for all that made her tall and almost comparable to Maughin. In the end, Jelaqua had mulled it over and taken a female Human’s body, one of the few she had kept.
