7.49
Page 7
“The monsoon season in Baleros has only added to the storm’s fury. It’s picking up now…and growing at alarming speed. Experts are saying that [Clear Skies] spells employed by ships during their exodus from Baleros have added to the typhoon’s fury by suppressing localized rains and winds. This entire month and early spring—ships use the spell to ensure they travel easily. We saw a few big, mundane storms, but the mana in the air apparently led to the conditions for a magical typhoon. Noass, is that irresponsible on the part of the ship’s [Captains] and [Weather Mages]?”
 
—-
 
In The Wandering Inn, both Wailant Strongheart and Seborn Sailwinds grimaced.
“Idiots.”
The Drowned Man nodded to the [Pirate]-[Farmer]’s comment. Erin looked at them; a soaked Mrsha was lying in front of the fire. Half-drowned on land.
“What does that mean, Wailant?”
“Too many idiots cast [Clear Skies]—that just delays the storm. Makes it worse when it does hit. Your Antinium could tell you that. Too many idiots called the rain and now their entire area’s dry as a beached whale.”
The [Farmer] growled. Seborn agreed. The Halfseekers had stopped in the inn. On business, apparently.
“They should have known better. It’s the same for landfolk. It’s like stopping fires in forests. Deadwood builds up and then the next big fire wipes out everything.”
“Uh…”
Erin knew about that. She turned back to the oceanic equivalent. Jelaqua was wiping water out of her hair.
“Of all the days! Right when we were visiting the [Seamstress] in Invrisil! Think she’ll be able to book us?”
“I think so, Jelaqua. It’ll be fine. [Seamstresses] work indoors. Usually.”
Ulinde soothed her captain and fellow Selphid. Erin blinked. Jelaqua seemed…unusually high-strung today for the laid-back adventurer.
“Hey, Jelaqua, what’s the matter? I thought an [Iron Tempest] would like rain, right?”
“It’s [Steel Tempest], thanks. I upgraded my class.”
“Oh! Congrats—”
Moore let Mrsha climb onto his shoulder and drip. She gave him a kiss on the cheek and the half-Giant smiled.
“Hello Mrsha. I’m sorry we haven’t visited. We’ve been busy. Jelaqua is upset because we need suits and a dress adjusted for the ball two days from now.”
“Ball? What ball? I haven’t heard of a ball!”
Lyonette looked around. Seborn rolled his eyes. Ulinde explained.
“It’s a Pallassian thing. I’m not surprised you haven’t heard, Lyonette. It’s a Dullahan’s ball. Or rather…gathering?”
“Ball. And Maughin’s going to be there. And so am I, if I have to swim! We’re going! Erin, I need your door!”
Jelaqua hauled herself upright. Seborn sighed.
“I’ll catch up after a few dr—”
The Selphid dragged him out of his chair.
“Oh no you don’t! We’re not missing our appointment! Come on!”
Erin watched them go. Moore put Mrsha down and tapped her on the forehead with a finger; all the water fell off her fur and she smiled up at him. Then he left with his team.
It was just a reminder that not everyone cared about…this kind of thing. And Jelaqua had leveled? Erin made a note to bake her a cake. Or rather, get Imani to bake a cake. She was a [Cook] already; Erin was just…lazy.
Back to the news, Noass was giving a defense of the practice of weather spells.
“…no formalized body, you see, Drassi. Wistram has had its guidelines, but since each ship claims a different nation, not all of whom recognize the Weatherspell Pact—”
He coughed into a fist as someone off-screen directed him to get back to the point. The Drake pointed at the map.
