7.49
Page 15
No ordinary ship could brave that storm. The [Storm Captain] had done her best; the wind had seized her ship, even with the sails furled and stowed, and thrown it like a toy.
“Could a Drowned Ship make it?”
“The sea has to be as dangerous below as above. The currents are impossibly strong. The magical typhoon is creating whirlpools, waterspouts—even an underwater ship would be destroyed if it ran into either one.”
The others’ quiet discussions filled her with nothing but despair. And it wasn’t for her that Geneva grieved.
The Drake’s commentary was frank.
“This storm is going to last at least a week. Possibly weeks, or as long as a month! The longest typhoon on record was a magical giant—the storm which marked the end of the Faertrade Era—which landed on Chandrar and changed the climate and landscape for six months! All our experts claim this one isn’t nearly as powerful, but if there is any high-level [Mage] or unsecured artifact or mana spot, we are asking everyone to avoid leaking mana into the storm! Meanwhile, there is no immediate cure bound for Baleros…we are making an appeal for all you other nations to stop stealing the damn cure. Couriers! If there is anyone—let go of me!”
Drassi was pulled off-camera.
Only one person seemed…hopeful. That was Seql himself. Geneva gave him the news. The boy was lying in bed; she had slept the night and stayed as close as she could to the extremely sick, but her aura could only go so far. But he had time…just not enough time to wait out the storm.
But he refused to give up hope like some of the others. Despite the news filtering in. He lay in his bed as Geneva delivered the bad news.
“I know someone who can take the cure, Doctor Geneva.”
“Who?”
“My friend. He’s the best Runner in the world. And my friend. He’s probably coming to deliver the cure and hasn’t gotten here yet. I will wait for him.”
The Last Light of Baleros looked at Seql. Two parts of her warred; the part that wanted to give him hope, and the part of her that did not want to lie to her patients.
“I’m sure he’ll try, Seql.”
That was what she came out with at the end. The Dullahan boy looked at her, calmly. He began coughing.
“He will. He is my friend. He—”
He had to pause as the coughing rendered him unable to breathe. Geneva had a Jar of Air—there were no inhalers. But Seql stopped and after he’d caught his breath, he gasped.
“He made me a promise when I was first sick to find a medicine and cure me. He’ll come.”
Geneva said nothing. She didn’t want to lie. She left Seql there, and had to step outside. Just for a moment. It all seemed so…bleak. After two days of the storm—no, all the pettiness. It should have been here already. But nations and rulers had done what the storm had not.
The [Doctor] was sitting there, unable to do anything but go in and halt the spread of the disease when she heard a shout.
It was Daly. He ran down the street, waving something.
“Geneva! We got a [Message] through the storm! Look! Look!”
It was in his voice. Geneva looked up. She saw the hastily-scribbled lines as she grabbed at the [Message] from Tritel. They burned across her vision. She read with shaky hands.
 
From Tritel:
The Hundredfriends Courier has accepted delivery of the cure to Baleros.
The Waterbear of Cerun has pledged to deliver medicine.
Shellbazaar and The Four Winds of Teral will brave the storm.
Sea Couriers outbound.
 
Geneva looked up. She shouted up at the closed window, loud enough for him to hear, and she heard, faintly, Seql’s laughter.
