7.49
Page 4
What an insult to the sea. The land-voyage might have been plagued by monsters, [Bandits], and other hazards for the Moonlight Rider. But the sea…[Pirates] and monsters aside, the greatest threat of the sea could be just…
The weather.
The winds were picking up outside The Wandering Inn as Erin asked for Palt to charm the second mirror she’d bought in the common room for some temporary news.
They were gales outside of the United Nations headquarters as Geneva Scala stared into the mirror one of the Selphids had produced. The same weather—only more wind and less rain here.
Everyone was taking cover. There was a real danger of the more poorly-built wooden structures of Talenqual—not exactly the stone city of Drakes—blowing away. And flying debris traveling at that speed? Well, no one wanted their cause of death to be ‘roof shingles’.
The cure. Geneva was—distraught. Despite Idis’ best attempts to soothe her. She’d been tracking their progress. And the latest [Message] from the Moonlight Rider was devastating.
 
From Tritel and Ci:
Regarding delivery of Yellow Rivers Cure to Talenqual, Baleros from Liscor, Izril.
No Couriers at port-city of Altvil willing to take delivery/present.
Entrusted three samples to three [Captains].
Two vessels impounded, one traveling past Pheislant, the other towards Chandrar to avoid storms at sea.
One vessel currently still at sea after passing Wistram. The Waverider’s Wake making for nearest Balerosian harbor.
Worsening weather putting delivery in jeopardy. Storm at sea. [Harbormaster] fears possibility of magical storm.
Attempting to send more samples securely. Possibly by magic.
 
It was a choppy [Message]. Geneva didn’t understand why until the Selphid [Mage] explained.
“It had to be resent nearly two dozen times, Doctor Scala.”
“The spell? Why?”
“The—spells were lost. Parts arrived fragmented. There is some interference at sea; other magical events have been known to cause this.”
Lost? Geneva hadn’t heard the [Message] spell could be lost. And indeed—she saw the scrying orb was flickering.
“Oh come on. Bad reception in this world? That was the one thing we didn’t have to deal with!”
Dawson shouted over the comments of the rest of the company. Everyone was indoors; work was cancelled due to the storm.
“Er…Geneva.”
The [Doctor] turned. Daly was standing there. They both hesitated, but the Bushranger’s Captain nodded at the transcribed [Message].
“What news?”
“Two of the ships didn’t make it. Or they’re—impounded.”
“What?”
“Here.”
Geneva handed Daly the letter. He read it and looked up sharply.
“Impounded? Why’s it written like that?”
It wasn’t clear to Geneva at first. But she had a sinking suspicion. And her answer came as the scrying orb flickered to life. Because today’s topic—even more than the war progressing against Reim was overshadowed. When the patchy image finally appeared, a familiar newscaster was sitting at the desk with Noass.
“—errors, we apologize. Our broadc—ference. We are attempting to stabilize—unavoidable.”
The image cleared up a bit and Drassi swam into view. Geneva watched her, anxiously. Somehow that Drake was connected to ‘Joseph’. She looked into the camera as she read down the day’s top stories.
“I’m Drassi from Liscor. With me is Noass from Pallass. War in Chandrar is mounting as dozens, yes, dozens of armies are marching on Reim. Important news regarding a cure for the Yellow Rivers disease coming from trials in Zeres!”
“Geneva! That’s the mold!”
