7.49
Page 21
The viewers saw a huge figure, a Bearkin, larger than even a Raskghar, fighting at the helm of her vessel. Her fur was drenched and they saw a flash of light as a spell activated. The ship shot forwards—then stopped.
It began to rise out of the water. The Waterbear looked back. She looked around, but no turning of the wheel or trick of sails could stop what was happening next.
Her ship was moving up into the sky as the waterspout bore down on her. The image saw her ship rising higher, disappearing into a whirlwind of water. Then—nothing.
 
—-
 
They were encountering danger at sea. 
The Hundredfriends Courier hadn’t slept for an entire day. He looked over his shoulder. Six dolphins were dragging his ship ahead; larger than the rest of their kind, even armored with a lightweight scaling.
His head swiveled as he heard a roar from underwater. It was echoed; Seve-Alrelious swore. He looked ahead. But he had lost his way in the pursuit. There was only the clouded skies, the tossing sea. Another wave nearly knocked him off his feet as he raised his arm.
One of the magical tattoos glowed. The Courier screamed as the image of a little, waving suit of armor and face moved.
“[Steelfriend’s Pact]! Take us there!”
The light moved. Seve pointed.
“There!”
The Dolphins surged forwards, pulling the World’s Pact ahead. The Courier heard another roar from behind. His pursuer had seen the light. He turned as more of his friends swam to guard their rear. The pact with Seql was still shining bright. The Courier took a deep breath.
“Tombhome, take me back one day.”
He saw a long form cutting through the water. The Courier raised the arm and the Steelfriend’s tattoo unleashed its magic.
“Skin like steel!”
The first Sea Serpent broke through the wave, maw opened wide. The dolphins dragged the ship onwards as a Nelgaunt and smaller serpent turned to fight. Seve lifted a hunting spear, the rope fastened around his waist and leapt into the waves as the glowing monkey, Erek—took the wheel. The World’s Pact fled even as the Hundredfriends fought, returning to the ship as blood colored the waters. Theirs and the serpent’s.
A dire thing. Seve hauled himself back in the boat as the first serpent writhed, too injured to dare attacking again. But it was one of many. He called for speed.
More were coming. 
 
—-
 
Another day passed. Silence from all four Couriers—no—three. Geneva had to oversee the cremation of two in the intensive-care facility. Seql refused to give up hope. He had a scrying orb in his room and he watched it all hours.
“He will come. I just have to wait, so I don’t let him down.”
He was growing weaker. Geneva had placed him in one of the two healing crystal beds, and it was the only thing keeping his strength up.
Three days since the Couriers had passed ended in silence. Just—Geneva listening to the coughing from her patients. The Iron Vanguard was patrolling along the coast, but they could not go to sea as the magical typhoon was still oncoming. And they had reported other ships in the waters.
[Pirates]. Drowned Ships? Geneva Scala performed her rounds.
 
—-
 
On the fourth day—a ball took place in Pallass. The Halfseekers attended.
It was a Dullahan’s formality; a ball on one of their holidays—not a universally-recognized one, and not a Pallassian vacation. Nevertheless—Dullahans across the city took a break on that day. And many attended this ball.
“It’s not a ball. Stop calling it that, Seborn.”
“We dance, eat, and mingle. It’s a damned ball.”
“Stop swearing! We’re guests of honor!”
