7.49
Page 30
They had made it. The first to Talenqual’s port was the Hundredfriends Courier himself. He leapt onto the docks as the [Sea Druids] turned their ships. Geneva was waiting in her clinic. Smiling. Luan and Daly helped clear the way for the Courier to run up the harbor and through the city.
Ryoka Griffin watched the other three Couriers making for major ports with their precious cargo. Some would go to the sick—the rest would be grown as fast as possible.
“That’s what it means to be a Courier.”
Her heart was still racing. Ryoka looked at Fierre. That was a Courier. Not just speed. Not just levels or equipment. It was the kind of delivery she respected. More than waking the Archmage of Izril—doing the impossible for a cause.
Geneva Scala met Seql’s friend. He was exhausted, wounded. But he had come, just as he promised. She still made him wait, despite him wanting to go in to his friend. So he shouted and the Dullahan boy looked up.
It was…a lesson, for Geneva. A bit of hope. When good people worked together—in this world—they could make miracles. Perhaps in any world. The [Doctor] slowly measured the first dosage of the cure, documenting methodology, doses, instructing the other [Healers] across Baleros to do the same.
The disease was not cured. But there was hope. Geneva Scala let out a breath she’d been holding for a long time. After a while—she relaxed, and went to sleep.
 
—-
 
The Erannda Delivery, as it was dubbed by Wistram, was one for the history books. Sensational news, a real feel-good story. A testament to working together, even by [Pirates] and [Druids]. The earned reputation of Couriers, especially Sea Couriers.
The cure had reached Baleros. It was not an instant-fix, like a magical panacea—and even they had a few flaws sometimes—but the Last Light of Baleros could begin fighting back. She, with her Skills, had been able to stalemate the bacteria. Now, she could eradicate it.
Tyrion Veltras had no cure. The news and coverage of a continent’s woes was bitter to him. His sons were sick. The medicine, the antidote to what left them weaker day by day—he knew what could save them. But obtaining it was…
Good people working together could create miracles. So the opposite was true. He stood in his keep, looking at the Circle of Thorn’s message.
Twenty six [Alchemist] and [Healers]’ heads had been sent to him. The rest answered his calls with only silence. The Lord of House Veltras called for aid.
And heard only silence.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I’ve been running low on steam. Time for my usual break!
Interestingly…I had another chapter planned for this. A much easier one. This was me going for broke. Because the concept grabbed me. Not just the desperate delivery amid a storm, but the ball. The two…in the same chapter?
Because they go together, obviously. I’m quite mentally tired. But I’ll be back to full-strength—hopefully—after the break. And get Volume 3 done as an e-book! Sheesh!
But I hope you enjoyed it. As always. The risk with web serials is that you really only get one chance with the readers who are following along. Revisions can make it better, but each chapter is a first-take. Probably not the best for a lot of writing. But it is…immediate. Still, we all get to wait for two updates. And that’s to make sure quality doesn’t slip too much! Like pants.
I’m going to rest for a bit. See you next time!
 
