7.49
Page 14
He had seen that crystal once before. During the incident with the undead—Feor saw the lightning sparking from the material that was now Cognita. Then—
For a moment the magic pulsed. And the magical lightning struck one point with a blinding flash.
Cognita’s body flashed. For a moment, the Truestone absorbed the entirety of the magical lightning. Feor saw it travelling inside of her, condensing into a spark like the sun. Cognita pointed her finger. The Archmages were silent, watching. Spellbound. What was Cognita pointing at?
There. In the heart of the magical typhoon. Something—moved. Feor and Viltach recoiled. Nailihuaile braced.
Something…flew past Wistram, through the rain and winds. It could have been a fish, swept up by the gales that could pick up ships and trees and hurl them around. But—
Feor saw wings.
Cognita aimed her finger at whatever it was. He heard her voice, even through the howling.
“Begone from this place.”
She discharged the bound energies she had just absorbed. The flash and thunder was deafening. The bolt of raw electricity-mana cut a hole through the storm.
The shape vanished. Whether Cognita had even hit it or scared it off or killed it—Feor couldn’t have said. He turned his head.
The Emerald Signet sailed slowly into Wistram’s harbor. With it, the Weatherward reverted to its usual shape. The typhoon roared around the isle. But then—it was moving away. Rebounding off the Weatherward. It moved out into sea—towards…
“Baleros. Moving slower. But that’s ill-luck.”
Viltach calmly checked his sextant and shook his head. Feor was breathing hard; the spell had taken its toll. He watched Cognita turn. She met his eyes once—then strode down the balcony.
To greet the new students.
 
—-
 
The Moonlight Rider to the Last Light of Baleros:
Wistram cannot send samples via magic. No flying carpets are available from Chandrar.
All ships sent with samples so far have been intercepted. Running out of cure.
No conventional ship has a chance of passing Typhoon Erannda.
Seeking Couriers to brave the journey.
 
They had expressed their sympathies. But Wistram could barely send a [Message] or scrying spell through the storm, much less teleport a package. The odds of interference were too great.
Similarly, other magical means were doomed. A Djinni, for instance, immune to almost all conventional attacks, would risk true death in the storm and no owner would risk their servant thusly.
Geneva Scala despaired. The other nations had snatched the cure. They promised to send it to Baleros—when they were done with their samples and had more to send or sell. Either way.
Magical Typhoon Erannda was closing on Baleros. Slowly—but it was grounding even the Iron Vanguard’s best ships, which might have tried to escort more samples to Baleros or make the trip themselves.
Their only hope was Couriers. Not one had volunteered to take the delivery. They were Couriers who crossed the sea—but Sea Couriers were rarer than land-couriers, given how many ships could perform the same task. And it was either brave interception by navies of other nations, a suicide run, or go through the storm.
Death either way. Some still tried because of the need. Geneva’s heart had leapt at this morning’s message.
 
[Storm Captain] Oresta has agreed to deliver cure. Braving magical typhoon. Watch for Izril’s Splendid Stars.
 
And then:
 
Izril’s Splendid Stars has gone down at sea. All hands but two lost.
 
