7.49
Page 2
Why now, though? That was interesting. Octavia got her answer as soon as she returned to the inn and found a [Message] waiting for her. No—half a dozen. She stumbled into the inn.
“Hot milk! Since we’re out of chocolate! Hot milk with—regular honey. Wow. We’ve lost so much good stuff.”
Erin sighed and shook her head as she welcomed her guests with mugs of free milk, warmed by the fire. Octavia gulped at hers.
“Thanks, Erin.”
“Have a towel.”
The [Innkeeper] smiled. Octavia wiped at her hair and shoulders. More guests were coming through, all wet and soaked. They smiled as hot towels were offered and the merry fires in the fireplaces offered drying heat.
“How was Pallass? You didn’t come back for dinner. Did you starve again? What about Saliss? Do I have to throw something at his door?”
Erin had a vaguely accusing look on her face. Octavia bit her lip.
“I’m fine, Erin! I ate! And I’m sure Master Saliss…I think…he might actually need food. But I ate l—dinner!”
“Uh huh. Numbtongue! Octavia’s dying!”
The Hobgoblin looked up from the fire. He’d been outside, training, when the skies had been unkind enough to dump on him. He waved at Octavia and jerked a thumb at the kitchen.
“Breakfast. Something hot?”
“Oh—Numbtongue. Sure? I mean—I guess I could eat.”
The Hobgoblin nodded. He got up, walked into the kitchen, and came out a minute later. Imani had chased him out from his regular purloining of whatever he found in the cupboards.
“Imani will make food. Something hot. Spicy.”
“Sounds really good. Hey—the funniest thing happened in Pallass just now.”
“Imani! Can I get something for Saliss? I’m going to kick his door until he takes it! Thanks!”
Erin shouted into the kitchen. She was distracted, and found Octavia telling Numbtongue about the encounter.
“Wait, you aren’t going, are you? You’ll die. Seriously. Without us to feed you.”
The [Bard] half-grinned, but he was watching Octavia. The [Alchemist] wiped water out of her eyes as she shook her head.
“I’m not that shallow, Erin—I mean, it’s tempting. But I wouldn’t just up and leave. Not after all you’ve done for me.”
“Aw. Thank you, Octavia.”
Numbtongue smiled and nodded. Octavia was a bit embarrassed; it hadn’t always been like this. She went on as Ishkr put a pair of bowls in front of her and Numbtongue.
“From Imani. She calls it…b—b—I have to ask again. Apologies, Miss Erin. Would you like one?”
“No problem, Ishkr. What is it?”
Erin peered at the bowl of…it looked at first like porridge, but it was clearly at least a bit oily. It looked to her like a giant bowl of dip. Imani and Palt had both taken over the kitchens from her.
“It’s beans. Very finely mixed. Lots of spices. Imani made it for me last shift. She says it’s good for cold weather.”
“Huh. Well, whatdya know? I’m good, Ishkr. I ate with Mrsha and Lyonette.”
Numbtongue dipped a spoon into the bowl and began to eat. He chewed, swallowed, and smiled. True, his palate was a Goblin’s, but he had grown a bit pickier of late. Octavia followed him with goodwill. The hot food warmed her up.
“You know, I bet those jerks are gonna copy this. Well, good luck because I didn’t make it!”
Erin looked around triumphantly; sure enough, a number of the bowls of bessara were going around to each table. Although that might have just been people ordering Chef’s Choice or the Meal of the Hour.
“Huh. They never ordered Chef’s Choice when I was around.”
The [Innkeeper] grumped off as Imani shouted that the Saliss-order was ready. She vanished through the door to the hallway as Octavia ate.
“Why did Pallass want you today?”
