7.49
Page 17
“You can uh—use one upstairs.”
“Heck, I’d sleep in the [Garden]. Ooh! Let me sleep in the garden! In the sun!”
“It’s raining.”
“Whatever. I won’t drown.”
Erin stared at the Drake’s trousers. Saliss’ head lolled. He let Erin help him into the garden; she paused to boot the sycophant-Drake when he tried to follow.
When he was gone, Nalthaliarstrelous turned to Mrsha.
“Little land friend. I came to check on the Shield Spiders. Soon—this place will be fit for wildlife again. A terrible deed I did. But one that gives life and takes it. Are you well?”
Mrsha handed him a card. The [Druid] read it.
Hi.
The cards were…shorter than her sign language. But he didn’t need to read her paws or the card. They were [Druids]. The old man’s face crinkled into a smile. Then he frowned.
“You are worried. Why? Sea?”
He glanced dismissively at the scrying orb.
“Oh, the cure.”
The [Druid] paused.
“The cure. So petty nations are squabbling over it, eh? And the brave go against a storm any [Druid] would run from? That is typical. But our kind will grow more in Oteslia.”
Mrsha nodded sadly. But the poor people in Baleros! Nalthaliarstrelous’ brow wrinkled. It was wrong to say he cared only about animals; he just weighed them the same as people. Higher—in cases where people had the power to be good or mean and they were mean.
“I see, I see. Well, perhaps there is something I can do. There are [Druids] everywhere, you know. If you need a sample…come with me, little one. We’ll look at nests. Then I shall see what may be done.”
She looked up hopefully. He nodded to her. Lyonette tackled Mrsha before she managed to get out the door and slammed it in Nalthaliarstrelous’ face.
When she was sure, sure everyone was looking elsewhere, like at the [Princess] facing off against the [Druid] for custody of her child, Maviola El took a step back. She put a hand over her rapidly-beating heart. She had been convinced it would stop. For the first time since she’d taken the Potion of Youth—she feared her body would betray her again.
She went to one of the unused private dining rooms and slipped a hand into her pocket. Then she pulled out the thing Saliss had put there.
The glow was not yellow or gold. Certainly not viridian. It just looked like—
Liquid sunshine. The [Lady] stared at it. The Drake had written one thing on the label, in a sloppy scrawl.
 
Drink me.
 
—-
 
In the Garden of Sanctuary, Saliss straightened. He was no less tired. No less bloodshot. But he looked at Erin and stood up.
“I need every flower you can give me, Erin. And I need to grow more.”
“What? What about the—”
He kicked past her.
“Damn the pants! Where are the flowers?”
The [Alchemist] was shaking with energy. He hadn’t slept since before the typhoon had begun. Stamina potions and energy tonics were his blood. He turned to Erin.
“Don’t give Xif another one. You want a friend? Give me those flowers. And I’ll help Maviola and you.”
He took a few frantic breaths.
“They’re…where did you get them?”
She looked at him. It was just…Erin’s mind ran over what she was about to think. Just flowers that could look like gold coins? Or put to sleep an entire hive of Ashfire Bees? That made you see things when you drank them?
“Where are they from? Erin? This is important. Where? They’re not even fully-grown.”
She looked at Saliss.
“Avalon?”
The [Innkeeper] felt her heart racing. The little flowers waved as the storm battered them. A field of gold. From…Saliss stared at her.
“What do they do?”
Maviola raised the potion to her lips. She hesitated—and drank.
