7.49
Page 22
Jelaqua would have punched Seborn, but for the fact that she was wearing a dress, long arm-length gloves that had come straight from the best [Seamstress] in Invrisil, and she didn’t want to disturb one part of her costly outfit. Plus, Seborn would have dodged.
Yes, the Couriers were now four days at sea and there was no word of them. Yes, the magical typhoon was still ongoing. Yes, Yellow Rivers was still plaguing many cities.
But the event was still taking place. Was it as important as life-saving medicine being transported through the worst storm in decades?
No…but both things still occurred.
“If it’s not a ball, what is it, Jelaqua?”
Seborn irritably adjusted the suit, tailored specifically for his human and crab-half. He looked sharp, and Moore and Ulinde were both outfitted in suits of their own. Ulinde had taken the body of a male Drake. Jelaqua…had been more calculating.
“A Walking-Waltz of Baleros. It is a Dullahan tradition, Seborn. You should be respectful.”
Moore kept his voice low as they entered the vast room booked for the occasion. Hundreds of Dullahans were present, all armored in their best attire. Most gleamed in steel suits with decoration; some had more expensive alloys, or, rarely, cloth armor or some other material instead.
“Remember, speak to the most expensive Dullahan first. Don’t make any rude comments—don’t slap them on the back!”
Jelaqua was fretful. Seborn rolled his eyes. Only she did that. He didn’t want to be here.
The Halfseekers were guests for two reasons: firstly, Jelaqua was from Baleros. They might have actually been invited just for that and their status as adventurers. Other Gold-rank teams were present too. But the second was simpler.
“Oh! Look at that. There’s Maughin.”
Jelaqua jumped. She stared ahead. The giant [Blacksmith] stood with a group of important Dullahans, his self-forged armor gleaming. He stood taller than anyone else in the room but Moore; a few of the Dullahans were taller than average, but no War Walkers were present.
“Maughin.”
The Selphid gulped. She had prepared for this event for over a week, fretted over it. That was why their attendance mattered.
Heads turned as the Halfseekers were quietly announced; unlike some Human events, there was no shouting here.
There was, however, music. It was very much like a ball. With some…changes.
“Ah.”
Seborn saw Moore start and elbowed him. The half-Giant’s surprise was understandable. The Dullahan bodies were dancing, or getting food. Meanwhile, their heads rested in social circles, talking to each other on padded cushions.
It was the kind of thing only Dullahans could do.
“I’m—I’m going to Maughin. You all behave. Alright?”
Jelaqua walked forwards slowly as her team watched her go. This wasn’t their big event. But it was for her. Dullahans were turning their heads across the floor to look at her.
A Selphid. And Maughin politely took his head from the social circle he was in. Both body and head went to meet Jelaqua and they smiled at each other.
They were still together, after all this time. That was the…cause of the attention. Seborn glowered about. It had not been easy for Jelaqua or Maughin. Many Dullahans had assumed the fling would be that. And today, well, the relationship was on trial in this public event.
“This was a mistake. Jelaqua looks like she’s going to vomit.”
“Well, it’s fine. We don’t throw up much.”
Ulinde missed the point. She looked around, more relaxed than Seborn. Certainly more than Moore.
“Should we—find something to eat? We’re just standing here. Or do we join one of the…”
