7.49
Page 1
“Your personal laboratory, Miss Cotton. It was just fast-tracked through our application queue. We have a four-year contract here. As our records show…you applied six years ago.”
“I did? I did.”
Octavia’s eyes widened. She thought she’d been turned down, or ignored. Wispel nodded.
“At the time, you were rejected, Miss Cotton. But pending our yearly evaluation of talented young [Alchemists]—you have been selected for our honorary Alchemium Scholaris place. That’s a fully-stocked laboratory and home in the City of Inventions. Rent free on both. You will also receive a monthly stipend, discounts on all alchemical supplies, and a grant budget of—let me see—3,200 gold pieces per year.”
Octavia’s jaw dropped. She wanted to pull off her ears and clean them, and she would have if she wasn’t outside.
“I? Me? But that’s—”
It was huge. The Drake was smiling; he might have been expecting her to burst into tears. When she did not, he coughed.
“I have the entire contract here. Just sign, Miss Octavia, and we’ll go through the formalization process. There’s a few steps; magical contracts and all, but—”
“Wait. This is a huge honor, really.”
Octavia had to hold up a hand. Her head was spinning. But this wasn’t her first day on the job. Saliss had told her about stuff like this. And she was from Nerrhavia.
“Is that a mage-contract?”
“Yes…just to ensure you’ll be a registered Alchemist of Pallass.”
Alchemist of—oh. Now, Octavia blinked. She remembered a similar discussion among other junior [Alchemists]; she had never been offered one, but she knew exactly what this was.
“You want me to move to Pallass? And sell everything through the city?”
Wispel’s smile didn’t change.
“Your achievements have won you a place, Miss Cotton. Our highest prize for young [Alchemists].”
It was, too. Octavia knew all the awards Pallass gave. Not their highest—Saliss had a far larger budget and so on. But for someone her age? Her level?
She would have jumped for joy, or stuffed her legs and spine so she could do a backflip a year ago. Today? Octavia was still tempted. She looked over her shoulder and bit her lip.
“This is a huge honor. But—it might not be right for me?”
“W-what?”
Wispel was still smiling. But it had taken on that waxy sheen of someone who had run into an unexpected issue. Like someone who found an invisible brick right where they liked to put their head every morning.
“I’m hugely honored. But I actually just moved to a new shop in Liscor. The Wandering Inn, actually. And the benefits…”
The young [Alchemist] spread her arms. Wispel stuttered.
“But Miss—Miss Octavia, this is a Pallassian grant. The City of Inventions is the dream of countless [Alchemists]! The Alchemium—”
He saw Octavia step forwards. She clasped his hands, giving her best sales-smile.
“Huge. Honor. But I’ve had so many breakthroughs in Celum and…Liscor. Tell you what. Let me think about it. The offer is really generous. A lab and a home? But I already have a room and a shop in The Wandering Inn. And three thousand gold per year—”
“With a stipend!”
“—still sort of low. Thank you so much—”
The skies opened up over Pallass, drowning out the rest of Octavia’s words. Wispel shielded the valuable papers.
“But—wait! Miss Octavia!”
“Thank you! I’ll consider any counteroffers! Must go! Don’t slip!”
The [Alchemist] hurried off as everyone in the streets shot under awnings. She was beaming as she ran and Wispel was left standing in the downpour. Just—beaming. Part of her wanted to go back and accept it. But—look at her now. In a position to turn down the City of Inventions?
