7.49
Page 6
Fierre traded looks with her family. From anyone but Ryoka, she would have suspected a head-injury. But then—their neighbor, another [Farmer], made it to the keep with his entire family of eleven. Ryoka was stunned and wary—until she realized that Himilt had invited them.
“There’s nowhere safe! The winds’ll pick up even stronger. Everything’s lashed down, but this is better than the root cellar. My thanks, Himilt.”
The [Farmer] slapped the Vampire on the shoulder. Himilt just nodded. Colfa helped lift some of the crying children off the wagon, soothing them with their mother and the older children.
“Get your family in, Menam. Anyone hurt? We nearly lost Miss Ryoka to the winds.”
“Dead gods! That must have been some gale! Nothing as bad—damn magic. Here—you know that broadcast from Pallass? I have a scrying mirror. Tiny—but it works. Take a look!”
The man showed Himilt, Ryoka, and the others the very same thing that was playing out on scrying mirrors worldwide.
 
—-
 
Drassi spoke slowly into the camera. The Drake [Reporter] was unusually somber.
“This storm is High Magic, as well as a Sympathetic storm. Everyone near a coast—any coast—is advised to seek shelter. I’m sorry—it’s not even a storm. It’s a—what’s the word, Noass?”
“Typhoon, Drassi. This is a Magical Typhoon. Wistram has named it Typhoon Erannda. All indications are that it originated from deep waters just off the shores of Terandria. Unfortunately, as they tend to do, it’s centered on Wistram. We’re projecting its path; it’s going to cut right down the trade-routes connecting each continent.”
The Drakes were tracing the swirling vortex down the map with magical illusions. The typhoon was passing towards the center of all the continents—deep water, where only one notable structure existed.
Wistram Academy. Also—the fastest way from Izril to Baleros or Chandrar to Terandria.
“A magical typhoon? I’ve never heard the word, Noass. Can we explain to the viewers what this is?”
The older Drake nodded.
“To put it simply, Miss Drassi, a typhoon is an…enhanced storm. Think of it as this giant spiral of weather. It’s most common around Baleros; its extreme winds and water and the continent of Baleros’ humidity helps create the conditions where they occur. Well—it is the hottest time of year. Warm waters, strong winds—this is what happens.”
Drassi nodded.
“But magical typhoon? Sympathetic storm?”
The [Commentator] cast one eye towards the side.
“It means this storm has picked up magic, Drassi. To the viewers at home—it is raining in Pallass at the moment despite the Walled City being inland almost as far as you can get. That’s because the magical resonance is triggering downpours around the world. You’ve heard of a storm that comes once a century? That’s a sympathetic storm with high magic. When mana enters the storm, we can see everything a normal typhoon has…intensify.”
“That…doesn’t sound great, Noass.”
“It isn’t, Drassi. Fortunately, those inland won’t see more than sympathetic rains—then clear skies. But at sea? [Sailors] beware. Come to that—I don’t think anyone will be putting out to sea.”
The former-[Gossip] nodded.
“Let’s talk about how big this storm is and how it happened. According to my information here…”
She shuffled her notes.
