7.49
Page 25
Maughin was conspicuously absent from the socialization. Kept, by his Selphid partner. The disapproving looks were obvious to both. The [Smith] looked around and shook his head.
He took her hands, gently.
“This event is for couples, Jelaqua. I never intended to socialize alone. They may wait until we are done.”
He lead her into another circuit of the dance. The Dullahans stirred, seeing Maughin keeping his head in place. Jelaqua could have danced with his torso, but he ignored the carrier who offered him a pillow to remove his head to be borne to the others.
“Wait? For how long?”
“As long as we take. Metal does not hurry, and neither shall we.”
Maughin ignored the stares. He remained there, with Jelaqua. For one movement around the room, and then the slow drift the other way as the music changed.
Twice, the carrier came to suggest Maughin join the social circles. Twice he refused. After ten minutes—it became obvious the [Smith] wasn’t going to leave Jelaqua. She stared up at him and he smiled.
Palt whistled. The Centaur saw the other Dullahans hesitating. It could have gone either way for the [Smith].
Could have—until another Dullahan [Smith]’s body walked over to the circle and excused himself. He placed his head on his shoulders and joined the dance as a whole. Someone else copied him.
Lorent, the [Sharpener]. He moved over to speak with Jelaqua and Maughin with his partner as they circulated the room. That precipitated a rush. Well—a slow movement. Soon, the Dullahans were dancing like…
Humans. Or any other species. Jelaqua looked up at Maughin with wondering eyes. He winked at her. She quietly laughed. And then—took his hand.
“I think our legs are tired. Come on.”
Fearlessly now, she took his hand and led him forwards to another group who had been standing apart.
Bevussa and the other adventurers. Maughin was reserved as the adventurers immediately bowed to the famed smith. But Jelaqua elbowed Bevussa and Keldrass with a laugh before she caught herself.
“Enough bowing! You all know Maughin. We’re here to have a grand time. Let us in. Don’t act all stiff—Maughin’s a Dullahan. He won’t tell your embarrassing secrets. Who’s shedding scales? Feathers, Bevussa?”
The Dullahan, standing among three Gold-rank teams, was at first quiet. Jelaqua was the one who drew him out of his armor. He smiled, even removed his head to chuckle and speak at head-height for the others.
Soon, she and the teams were laughing and talking before they rejoined the dance floor, Dullahans and non-Dullahans. When they stood together thereafter, it was relaxed. Jelaqua smiling, Maughin nodding to friends, introducing her, talking.
The solemn confidence of Dullahans, the goodwill of Selphids. They made a wonderful pair.
Moore turned away. It hurt to see, as happy as he was for Jelaqua. He was envious of…he looked at Maughin. And then down at the others in the room.
“I guess we’ve got no excuse not to dance.”
Seborn growled. He was standing with the adventurers, but more and more were entering the fray, so to speak. Palt and Imani were already on the very edge, trying to make his four legs work to limited success.
Normally, a Dullahan’s head would go to another and ask for the dance and their bodies would link up. Since both were attached in this moment—Seborn saw several pairs sharing a circuit of the room.
Two female Dullahans and an adventurer asked Seborn. With ill-grace but a certain elegance of footwork, he accepted. He came back to see Moore miserably standing like a statue.
“Moore. Ask someone to dance with you.”
