7.50
Page 20
“I’m still trying to make it into a story. It’s just—action and players.”
Orica waved a hand. Temile shrugged.
“If I thought I could star in a play by the Players, I’d cut off more than a thumb! …How’s a pinky sound?”
More laughter. The wine was flowing well and the food kept coming. The cassoulet had been a marvel and difficult too! It had taken over a week of careful marinating for some components and magical cooking being what it was—the [Chef] had preservation runes all over to prevent even the slightest hint of decay, rot, or even contamination by pesky air.
“This next dish will grow your hair out. Wonder what it’ll do to your neck-spines, Jasi?”
“It’s a type of hair. Go to Rhir’s hell, Andel. And this is excellent cooking, Engam.”
The [Waiter] bowed.
“It’s a delight you think so, Miss Jasi. The chef will be honored. It may not be as…flashy as some restaurants. Invisible dishes, flaming foods—”
“We’ve seen all this.”
The man nodded.
“The Djinni’s Spoon used to have more such dishes, as the first course shows. But the restaurant took to quality over show. Fads like teleporting food come and go. Quality lasts.”
“Well said!”
It came from all the [Actors]. It was a sentiment they could get behind. After all—they were performing tales so timeless they had created a second resurgence in this moment.
“Speaking of Skills—any new ones for you, Jasi? I know Wesle’s gotten even more disgusting…I didn’t get a chance to see it, though.”
Wesle Salkie, the [Method Actor] who had been Level 26 around the time he’d come to Invrisil had smashed past Level 30 and was now a rare class. [Famed Method Actor]—an addition to the class and he was gaining Skills to match! Not that anyone knew what the standard was. But—
“[Everyday Prop]? Wesle, go on, show Temile.”
“What, you mean, my sword?”
Wesle reached out—and drew a long, nobleman’s sword. Beautiful steel, jeweled pommel—it looked and swung like an expensive weapon. And it was—except for the enchantment. In the next moment, Wesle sat back and poured himself a cup.
“Not that it’d be a weapon for me, guvnah. Humble folk that I am.”
He winked as the mug, which even smelled like the ones Temile had drunk out of at cheap bars, was filled with a dirty bottle that the Djinni’s Spoon wouldn’t serve to dogs. Wesle took a swig, gagged, and handed it to Kilkran.
“Try this, Kilkran.”
“Dead gods, it tastes like home. Get it away from me!”
The man swatted it away and the drink and mug went flying. They vanished before they hit the floor to applause, as if Wesle had done a scene.
Any prop. Well, any everyday prop. A Skill to make anyone green with envy. But—Jasi hadn’t fallen behind in her own right.
[Famed Lead Actress] was her class—a predictable upgrade. But her Skills? Well, one of them was born in how she looked now.
Jasi had always been pretty. But now she glimmered with a kind of vitality and vigor that not even make up—which she could produce ten gold coin’s worth of for free with every performance—or potions could give her.
[Refinement by Accolade]. She literally improved with every performance. [Audience Charge] made her even more of an impact when she was doing well. [Perfect Imitation] was her version of Wesle’s Skill.
And to cap her Level 30 class was…
[The Actor’s Shadow]. If Wesle could produce any mundane object for his bit—Jasi could replace him.
