7.50
Page 25
Rae, the [Bassist], Abebi, the [Manager] of the Queen of Pop’s tour, and half a dozen others. All from Earth. All found, or who had heard the [Popstar]’s music and come to her.
Abebi was one of the oldest, with Thien. She’d seen some real sights. But even she hadn’t known Cara from the beginning, only after the star had risen quite a ways on her own. She listened now to a name she’d heard once or twice—and then usually with a lot of explicit language.
“Fuck you, Aaron. Don’t screw with me on this one. The Academy’s been refusing to put me on your TV show for the last month. Tell whoever’s listening that I’m not sticking to a script. I’m performing. You booked me—and you owe me.”
“Come on, Cara. I helped get you the spot. At least…”
The fainter voice was cut off as Cara talked over him.
“You want to talk about help, Blackmage? You don’t want to do a ‘who owes who’ with me. You want trust? Put Elena on. No? That’s what I thought.”
History. Abebi raised her eyebrows at Thien and he grimaced. Elena, the person they’d sent to Wistram to scout it out had signaled them it was not the safe haven they wanted. Certainly, that was what Cara believed.
She stood there, flinty-eyed, listening to the voice on the other end. She’d just finished another concert—this time in the far north of Pheislant. The band was moving.
War had broken out in the south with Ailendamus and the Dawn Concordat and they wanted no part of it. Pheislant had the potentiality to be drawn in, so Abebi was taking the band north. Not that it was safer in some of the northern countries.
Noelictus, Pheislant, Nadel—a lot of nations had grudges against Ailendamus, but the vast kingdom was too powerful. Abebi was taking them straight towards Oztera, who had no personal beef with the war.
They weren’t heroes, and they weren’t going to fight. Abebi had seen some actual fights. Blood—death—they were from Earth. Few of them had the stomach to kill people like that.
“Really? Is that how it is? We’re booked, Aaron. I know it’s not your fault. Okay. Okay, how about this? I won’t have a handler. We’ll broadcast. You pick it up. And if you want to cancel? Go ahead. Just give me a second…”
She turned off her iPhone. Abebi saw Cara toss it down on the bed in the wagon and curse.
“What’s up, Cara? Are we not performing?”
The [Popstar] was still sweaty. She had just performed and but for the wagon’s soundproofed walls, they would have heard the cheering crowd. Thousands of people who’d come to listen. Groupies—including the nobility or royalty!
“We’re performing alright, Abebi. Is the area all set?”
“Set, we’ve got our own [Mages] on standby…we’re just waiting for two of the special actors. Are you sure they’ll make it? It’s a war—”
“I’m sure. We have a relationship. Don’t you worry. I saw some of the [Knights] on the docks, greeting their dead. As for the [Hunter]—they don’t let you down either. Just drive us—as soon as I clear up this.”
She took a breath. Then the Singer—changed.
Gone, gone the angry, Irish young woman who was dressed in a glittering costume, her makeup painted on, often ranting about feudalism or the injustices of this world.
Out came the Singer of Terandria. She opened the wagon’s doors and Abebi and the band heard a roar of sound.
“Hello, my shining stars of Terandria!”
Cara was different from the Singer, to Abebi. One was a person—the other, well, a celebrity. She walked out with a smile for the crowd. As Cara would say—a fake smile because she was a [Thespian] as well as a [Popstar].
