7.50
Page 7
“Someone get Polkadot a healing potion! Oh my—”
She hesitated.
“Holy heck! No, wait! Heck! Wait—”
Before she could figure out a better turn of phrase, Mrsha snatched a snow-cone and began licking it. Numbtongue was serene in the moment, despite being as pleased by the developments as Mrsha. The Antinium began to nibble at the ice as Erin scrubbed at her hair.
“This is so good! Yellow Splatters! Pawn is going to be so happy. I have to tell him! We’re going by Garry’s bakery, anyways. This is—great. Right?”
“It is an excellent day.”
The [Sergeant] was smiling. Erin looked around. Ekirra and Mrsha had their faces buried in the snow cones, Numbtongue was chowing down with the Antinium—she threw her hands up.
“Does no one know how to be astounded properly?”
“Erin, where did you go? I thought you were getting the dishes—oh no. What is it this time?”
Lyonette groaned as she saw Erin dancing around by the booth. Erin turned.
“They can speak!”
The [Princess] got what Erin meant after a hurried explanation. Then she beamed at the Antinium.
“This is wonderful news! I’ll tell Pawn! He’ll be delighted. And you came up with it just now, Thaina?”
The Soldier nodded slowly.
I wanted to speak. So I did.
The others smiled. Lyonette turned to Erin.
“Let’s go to them.”
“Yeah, but—hand-waving? Shouting? Come on, guys! Dance a bit! Show me you care!”
Erin did it, laughing at the way Mrsha nearly snorted ice out her nose. She grinned as the Antinium and Numbtongue smiled.
“Fine. I hope Pawn flips, though. Imani! Imani, I actually need those dishes for Garry…”
The [Innkeeper] collected the fufu, and other dishes from Imani and Palt’s repertoire that Garry had wanted to sample. He was the only [Chef] who got recipes and the dishes themselves.
“Throw in a bag of that rice we got, please? No, wait—four bags. The big ones. He has to make food for the Free Queen and the others. He’ll pay us back.”
Imani helped load the huge bags of rice that came from Oteslia into Erin’s bag of holding. Then the two young women hurried into Liscor to spread the good news.
After they had gone. Numbtongue licked the snow cone and Ekirra decided he did want to run around after all. He had stains on his clothing, but then, so did Mrsha. The little Gnoll scowled after Lyonette. She looked around at the group.
She and Pawn have sex.
She informed the group. The Antinium, Goblin, and other Gnoll looked at her.
We know.
Yellow Splatters signed back.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was smiling. It did seem obvious in hindsight. But that wasn’t what was special about that little moment in the inn.
What was special was—it hadn’t come from her. One of the Soldiers had decided to do it of their own volition. And that was what was extraordinary.
The inn was changing. No—
Liscor was changing. Erin Solstice walked down the streets with Lyonette. And she remembered what it had been. She had been alone in the crowds, a stranger.
Now—she saw other Humans. Not many. She was still a minority. But there were Humans from Esthelm, Celum, and even further! Even a Dullahan on vacation.
And look! An Antinium patrol of Painted Antinium was marching down the street. Erin waved.
“Hey, good luck! Stop by the inn on the way back!”
They all stopped for her, which was embarrassing. But the Painted Antinium were more welcome. Some people knew specific Antinium.
And yes…some people hated the Humans in their city. Some gave the Antinium dirty looks and spoke about the Hive and the Antinium Wars.
But the proof, to Erin, that there was more good than bad was in the bakery.
