7.50
Page 33
Past and present. Numbtongue had a second pizza which he put in his bag of holding.
“Was it worth it?”
Jasi turned to Numbtongue. She smiled, slightly.
“Yes, yes it was, Numbtongue. And I think I realized something.”
“Good. Then where to?”
Jasi pointed.
“Back to the inn. The Singer’s broadcast is starting soon. And I want to see it.”
“Mhm.”
They left Celum as it was. Numbtongue followed Jasi, and she saw him pull the guitar out of a bag of holding.
“So—you want to go to Invrisil?”
“And not die.”
The Hobgoblin qualified the statement. Jasi laughed and linked arms with him, much to the [Bard]’s surprise.
“Well, if you want, we’ll let you watch one of our plays anytime! And come with us to restaurants! Erin won’t! It might be dicey, but we’re [Actors]!”
“Really?”
She smiled and nodded. She might be different—but she liked having money and fame. Numbtongue followed her, eagerly.
“…When are you next eating out?”
The two chattered. And then they went back to The Wandering Inn. And the Queen of Pop began her broadcast.
 
—-
 
Cara O’Sullivan was preparing for her broadcast. It would be the likes of which the world had never seen. Literally. She had a scrying orb in her personal trailer and she had been watching it.
“Television. The best technology to bring to this world.”
Rae laughed at that. She was clearly nervous. Cara smiled at her. A fake smile for a fake person. She wasn’t half as nice as she acted as the Queen of Pop. But make it real because it helped Rae.
“Relax, Rae. It’s going to be alright. You just stand in your spot and play.”
“But if I make a mistake—”
“Trust me. You won’t. Just worry about Greg fucking it up. It’s all about the Queen of Pop, anyways. You’ll be fine.”
“Thanks, Cara.”
Some of the color came back into the bass-player’s cheeks. Cara nodded at Thien.
“You set up, Thien?”
“I’m going to shit myself.”
“So long as the camera doesn’t see it, go ahead. You get to sit down, anyways.”
He laughed. Cara looked around. Greg was psyching himself up—the band was getting ready on their stage.
A real stage, incidentally. Wood, draped background—Abebi had set it up for them. But while they’d be playing there and the distant audience would be quieted with [Hush] spells to prevent them cheering into the song—Cara wouldn’t be joining them at first.
“Cara! Cara, the [Huntress] is here at last! So is the [Knight]!”
“Excellent. Just wait for Abebi’s signal, everyone. I’m going to my spot. We’re going to walk it over a few times. Time to start—twenty four minutes!”
The non-Earther staff and the band tensed when they heard it. Cara strode off the stage and began jogging to get to where Abebi was with some of the Wistram [Mages].
They were cutting it close. She wished she had a day to rehearse. But Wistram hadn’t given them a slot and getting the important actors had been hard too. Since there was a damn war with the Creler-humping bastards of Ailendamus—
“Fuck them.”
Cara gritted her teeth. It was a sentiment that wouldn’t land her in trouble with any of the three special actors who had come at her request. Make it four—the stylish, long-jacket, hat-and-crossbows Hunter of the Hunter’s Guild of Noelictus had just arrived.
“Cara! Thank goodness! Everything’s set up. I just have to give you the amulets, and walk the others through the scene. I just explained what it is we’re doing—”
“Not to us!”
The aggrieved [Scrier] from Wistram had no idea what was going on. Cara pointed at him.
“You. Stand where Abebi wants and let her direct the shot.”
“But we’re Wistram’s—”
“Shut up and go.”
