7.50
Page 14
“Well, you can beat the competition, Miss Cedava. Bezale and I are willing to do the footwork, make the connections. And don’t think of it as being too far away to manage. We’ll bring the applicants who’ll run your shop and cut your dresses here. You want to make sure they have the right Skills? Communicate a new design? Invrisil is two door jumps away at most.”
The woman was nodding.
“I—let’s say I want to open one shop in Pallass…or maybe Liscor…”
“We’re all too willing to adjust. Take it however slow you want, Miss Cedava.”
“And you have ideas?”
“We have a roster. Beza, our Liscor file.”
The woman was astounded as Mons and Bezale pulled up a file on each of the people they thought could be Cedava’s representative in Liscor—and people who might move from Invrisil or Pallass to fill the role.
“You had that all ready?”
“Just in case you’d accept. We’re moving fast, Miss Cedava. You’re not the only person investing in other cities.”
Her eyes flickered. Yes, that’s right. We clue you in that you’re part of a bigger thing and you’ll sign our contract. Mons was not unskillful in this game. After all—she had a been a Secret Broker in Wistram.
From there it was just going over details and terms and offering Cedava a magical contract to sign. Mons was perfectly willing to give the woman a day or two, but she’d clearly already been bought by the pitch or even beforehand. She signed then and there and then tossed something extra in to sweeten the deal.
“We’re booked now, but I’ll put both of you down for a free dress on the house. Any style. It’s a pleasure to be working with you two.”
Mons and Beza kept their faces straight. Only when they had bade farewell and gotten several blocks away did they celebrate.
“Another client!”
The two high-fived and Mons hugged Beza. Cedava was number six! Their new network of business and possibly secret brokering was off the ground!
It was all about understanding, seeing the potentiality in the magic door. Not just that you could move goods from one place to another—that was old hat, basic.
It was about talent. Having a [Seamstress] like Cedava able to compete with Pallass—and in her case, take Pallass by storm since she had the new designs Pallass had seen the Human [Ladies] wearing!
All of Montressa and Bezale’s clients were that level of savvy. Which meant getting them onboard easy. The first had actually helped come up with the idea.
It had been Rufelt and Lasica. Not on Cedava’s level. But rather, Lasica and Rufelt had agreed to take on lower-level [Chefs] and [Bartenders] from Invrisil and Liscor to train up. The idea had sprung from a night on the city with Montressa and Bezale lamenting Palt’s exalted position—right after Pelt had jumped over to Esthelm.
After that? It had flowed like clockwork.
Client number two was Pelt. The two were helping him ship out his custom order and get the high-roller clients as well as source ore via Pallass and Invrisil. They had the skillset—Wistram was a name. And then had come Hedault, and…
They had yet to turn a massive profit. Or…much of one. Mons and Beza were running around getting new clients, setting up the businesses. But they were already reaping dividends. After all—they were the unofficial gatekeepers of the doorway.
No one else had quite mastered the ability to walk through the door like they could. They didn’t know Erin Solstice. And from what Montressa now understood—any would-be entrepreneurs would run up against a brick wall in Erin and then have to deal with Lyonette.
