7.50
Page 2
He complained. Mrsha nodded. She’d nearly gone for pants—but it was too constraining! The kilt was her happiest compromise. Ekirra nearly began to roll around on the floor, but he caught himself.
“I can’t get dirty. Mrsha…I hate clothing! I want to be a Plains Gnoll, not a City Gnoll! They don’t have to wear clothing, right?”
Not at all! They can wear loincloths!
Mrsha emphatically signed back. Plains Gnolls were so much more civilized than silly people with their rules on clothing. Ekirra sighed. He tried to sit down and scratch one ear with a hind leg, but his pants stopped him.
“Want to play tag?”
The two looked around. Mrsha had her collection of balls, but—she just didn’t feel fast. She shook her head.
Where’s Visma?
“Grounded. She stole an amulet.”
Again?
Mrsha expressed her dismay. If she and Ekirra were going through the shifting year, Visma was still going through her hoarding phase. She’d gotten in trouble last week for hiding money she’d stolen from her parent’s pouch.
Ekirra nodded dismally.
“For two days. Do you think I can take my pants off when I play football? Is Mister Joseph here?”
He looked around for his hero, Joseph, the football coach of Liscor, who was currently leading the score 1-0 in the new football league.
Not here. He’s sleeping.
After having too much to drink. Erin had told him off last night. Joseph had ‘a problem’, according to her. But he was trying. Ekirra nodded understandingly.
“Mister Dizk next door drinks too much. He smells bad, like pee and throwing up. Mom says I can’t say that to him.”
The two walked down the common room, grousing about adult foibles. Both attracted attention as the ‘cute little cubs’ they were. Mrsha nearly cast [Dirt Spray] at the third person who said that in the sickly-sweet tone of voice. She was still learning some magic and Palt had taught her that one!
Speaking of which…where was Palt? Since running about sucked in clothing, Mrsha wanted some interesting people. Erin might do, but she and Lyonette were doing something official with the staff today and Mrsha didn’t want to bother them. That left any number of entertaining people, though.
Relc was gone. Poor Relc. But there was Numbtongue, Octavia—sometimes—Saliss, Grimalkin if he was here, Moore, Jelaqua, Palt, Bird…it wasn’t Mrsha’s friends, but the ‘fun people’ she had a list of. Lyonette was Mrsha’s mother and a resident of the inn, for instance. But she wasn’t cool.
Palt wore kilts, hence Mrsha copying him. She looked around for him, but she didn’t immediately pick up his unique scent of smoke and whatever else was in his cigars. He might have been in the kitchen, helping Imani.
Mrsha wondered if the two were going to fall in love. She was fairly certain they weren’t in a relationship—yet—even if Erin and Lyonette and Rose were all saying how ‘good’ it was that Palt was helping Imani. But Gnolls were Gnolls—neither had had sex. The nose knew.
And Mrsha and Ekirra knew more than kids ought to. Like—Mrsha could have called when Selys and Hawk were close to breaking up. Or whenever Relc had a fun night, although he generally told everyone in sight anyways. She didn’t want to know this stuff, but there you were. You could put clay in your nose or live knowing facts.
