7.50
Page 31
The two had different reactions. Jasi looked at the inn. It looked…not empty, but not bustling either. She hesitantly took a few steps forwards.
“I just want to go in for a second. Just a—”
Jasi pushed open the doors. And there she was. A worn inn. A pair of servers—a young man and woman, clearly tired, not Maran and…who was the other one?
And a woman, emerging from the kitchen, arguing with one of the staff.
“Coming! Have a seat anywhere! I’ll just—”
Miss Agnes turned and saw Jasi in the doorway. She dropped the tray with the mini-pizza and two tankards. Someone at a table cursed as the two crashed to the ground. But the [Innkeeper] didn’t even notice.
“Jasi?”
The Drake walked back in time, in a daze.
“Miss Agnes?”
“Dead gods. You look—Jasi? Is it really you? Let me see you, my dear!”
The old woman spread her arms, beaming. Jasi hesitated, but Agnes swept up to her and clasped her arms.
“You look incredible! Are the other Players here? I never thought I’d see you! The star of Invrisil! Sit, sit!”
“I just—I was in the area and I thought I’d check on—it’s good to see you, Miss Agnes!”
“And you, my dear! Sit down. I’ll get you—is this your friend?”
“Er—bodyguard.”
“Hi.”
Numbtongue grunted. Agnes stared at him and then beamed.
“Of course you’d have one! Sit down. Ekal! Ekal! Get Jasi something to drink! No, the finest wine! What will you have, Jasi?”
“I’m fine, really.”
The Drake found herself swept into a chair. Agnes fussed around her. And everyone in the inn was staring. Jasi knew what she had to do. She went around, signing little autograph cards—she had her own supply. She met a coughing man from the kitchen—
“Who was that?”
“Jerom, of course.”
Agnes gave Jasi a strange look. The Drake had never actually met the woman’s husband, who had been ill the entire time Erin had been helping out. She blinked—it was a blast from the past.
“Jasi, it is so good to see you! Are the other Players here?”
Agnes beamed after she’d put away the autograph in her belt. Jasi looked at her. And suddenly—she was the same terrified Drake [Washer] who Erin was insisting become a [Barmaid].
She felt smaller, poorer, and Agnes felt more important, even towering, all of a sudden. But Agnes was looking at her like she was some glittering jewel.
“I—no. They’re in The Wandering Inn.”
Agnes’ face twitched a bit at the name.
“Well, I’m delighted you came here, Jasi! It’s so good of you to do that! Won’t you stay a bit? So much has happened—you heard about the attack?”
“I came back to see after it. The Bloodfeast Raiders?”
The woman shuddered.
“Monsters. Monsters! And Celum won’t ever be the same! Jerom and I couldn’t sleep for weeks! We’re only lucky one of them didn’t attack the inn. So many lost everything—did you hear that The Drunken Swordsman’s gone? Poor Timbor. He left Celum. I haven’t heard of him once. Ulna is worried sick. She’s still running Blazehound—it was only partly damaged, but half the inns closed in a single day.”
Despite that, the Frenzied hare didn’t seem to have more customers. Jasi supposed that the exodus of people hadn’t given the inn more guests even if it was one of fewer remaining.
“He made it to Liscor. Timbor, I mean. He’s actually opened The Drunken Swordsman a second time. But he’s calling it The Drunken Gnoll instead.”
“Did he? Liscor? I can’t imagine it. I’d visit, but the inn’s got me running about. And I’d…”
Have to meet Erin Solstice. Agnes and Erin had not parted on good terms. Jasi hesitated.
“Are Maran and Safry…?”
Agnes’ face froze.
“At Ulna’s. She took them in. But let’s not talk about here. Tell me about Invrisil!”
