7.50
Page 15
It was a strange new world. Montressa was poised to be the first multi-city broker. She hadn’t gone into secret-brokering, which was something with the gangs of each city and more dangerous—but here she was.
Palt was welcome to his damn status as the go-getter for his faction with Erin giving him Earth-only information. Montressa had taken the other option, which might be more advantageous to her personally in the long run. After all—money and influence weren’t what Erin had in spades. Not like this. But then again—she didn’t want to get to know Erin as well as Palt did.
“I think this calls for a night in Tails and Scales.”
Beza rubbed her hands together. They were, of course, on the entry list. Mons was smiling. But one thing subdued her joy.
“This is going to be us, isn’t it, Beza? I mean—I’m glad you’re working with me. But…that’s it for our careers in our factions, isn’t it?”
The Minotauress’ head lowered. The Scriptels were allied with the Revivalists. And they’d both lied about Erin.
“…We weren’t the largest horns around anyways. And when the wind blows you west, you don’t sail east.”
“Unless it’s the Last Tide.”
“Don’t be smart.”
Beza elbowed Montressa again. The [Aegiscaster] smiled.
“So…drinks. When do you want to rub Palt’s face in it?”
“With the new dresses and a bucket of gold. And Montressa?”
“Mhm?”
Beza stopped her friend and looked at her seriously.
“It’s all ahead, Montressa. You and I—this is it. Studying? We can afford the spellbooks we’d never get until we were at the top of our factions. Success? Your team up with Beatrice won’t be half as successful as this.”
She was right. Montressa felt…a bit more grounded. As if she had been floating on the family’s lake right outside the Valeross mansion. And finally—she was tethered.
The [Mage] reached out and grasped Beza’s arm.
“I guess we’ve got to break the news to Erin too at some point. Maybe at Tails and Scales tonight?”
“Maybe Lyonette first? Which do we tackle? The [Princess]’ll want a cut.”
“Um…Erin. Erin’s the one we need. Lyonette’s savvy.”
“She is a [Princess].”
Beza used a quick [Silence] spell on that last bit. Montressa nodded. Oh yes. There was a reason to be at The Wandering Inn. She couldn’t believe she hadn’t put it together. But, well—red hair wasn’t all Terandrian royalty. But Lyonette really, really needed her anti-[Appraisal] ring. Montressa had been flipping out about Mrsha when she’d figured that out.
Strangely…Pawn hadn’t had a single level. Either he was like that Ryoka or something else was up. But Montressa had time.
She and Beza were just about to go look for gifts to placate Erin and Lyonette when they both raised their fingers to their brows.
“Argh. Duty calls.”
“Cheer up. This proves they need us.”
Client #3 wanted a word. And since they were also poised to really make Montressa and Bezale rich, the two hurried off. They were based in Invrisil, too. The two went to find the Players of Celum. That Emme knew when to make deals too.
 
—-
 
Look at them. Look at where they’ve come.
Opening clothing shops in multiple cities, making suspicious bug-free pies, writing religious texts.
Putting on a kilt. Sometimes—everyone just needed to look themselves in a mirror and wonder how far they’d come. Sometimes—it was a stranger who looked back at you.
Temile stopped admiring himself in the spoon when he realized Jasi was laughing at him. The Drake saw the [Producer] blush.
“Sorry. Don’t want them to throw us out.”
