7.50
Page 37
Noass was pondering the ethics of it all, which struck Erin as vaguely hypocritical. Drassi flung her papers up.
“Who cares? It was amazing! I need that song! And the second one’s starting now! Everyone had better watch!”
And they were watching. Anyone who had a scrying orb—Trey, Teres, Daly and the United Nations—Tom, Richard, Erin—
All of them were watching. Including the ones who knew. Like Magnolia Reinhart. Others, like Niers Astoragon.
“We can use this. Anyone who asks about that music? It’ll help us identify more.”
That was the conclusion the Archmages had come to. They were watching the performance, annoyed that this was the one Human who was too popular to grab—yet.
The second song was even closer to an opera. And now Cara had ‘taught’ the audience what to expect—she put on a performance.
The Players of Celum were watching. For different reasons. Erin and the Earthers in her inn were as intense as could be. Jasi? She was just blown away.
The makeup. The style. Cara spoke to her as a fellow performer. The second music video opened with a set piece, a bit of stage-opera before music began.
As everyone watched—this is what they saw.
Cara O’Sullivan was nowhere out in sight. But a white-haired man in black robes with a grinning skull for a mask was bent over a scrying orb.
Cara O’Sullivan. The name flashed and she appeared in the orb, running. Stumbling. The [Necromancer] pointed and the darkness rustled.
It was a poor copy of Az’kerash. But shorthand worked. People shuddered as they stared at the [Necromancer].
Aaron Vanwell started for different reasons. He looked at Elena.
“That’s not her real name. The scrying spell doesn’t work on her.”
“But that’s how a scrying spell works?”
He nodded slowly.
The camera changed. Cara was backing away, holding a torch in the darkness. Things closed in around her. A shambling zombie, the [Necromancer]’s minions.
All of this was very offensive to the actual Necromancer of Terandria. But he wasn’t going to write in to complain. Cara backed up as the torch went out. The monsters and bad people closed in—
And then she began to sing and magical lights illuminated the set, driving the monsters back. That was the plot. More actors moved forwards, helping drive the bad guys back. The band joined Cara and there she saw, singing as she was beset by evil.
A classic music video. As it went on—Cara was forced to abandon the stage as the undead and evil army pursued her. She ran—towards what seemed at first to be relief.
The audience saw a [General] in armor and a bunch of [Soldiers] in black armor. Shorthand, again—but those who didn’t know music videos still gasped when the man drew a sword and hacked at Cara. She fell back—and for a second, a flag fluttered behind him.
Ailendamus’ crest. Cara fled as the army pursued her with the undead. She snatched up a sword and someone covered her.
The Thronebearer of Calanfer. The crest of the 4th Princess shone in the light. Lyonette gasped.
“Seraphel.”
The woman raised her sword and the sky brightened for a moment. She held her ground as Cara fell back. The second person to rescue her was the [Huntress]. She stood on a grave, firing her crossbow. Noelictus’ flag was planted behind her. The half-Elf and Dwarf were fighting around her.
Onwards. The last set piece Cara came to had a bunch of [Mages] who unloaded spells into the darkness. Shining staves, wands.
Wistram Academy. The [Mages] watching from their orbs cheered. Even the Archmages exchanged pleased nods.
“There, you see? She is grateful. Not a complete fool after all.”
