7.50
Page 17
Gone were the days when they were a ragtag group performing out of a warehouse or a curtain in the Frenzied Hare, with Erin Solstice serving tables and making food while helping them with their lines.
Temile almost missed it. And yet—when the first course was placed down and literally levitated upwards such they you had to use one of the delicately sharp forks to spear it, like a fish moving through the air—you sort of didn’t miss hunger and no money.
“Half magical air, half spun sugar. Nali-sticks and Toanberries, combined together. The dipping sauce adds the slightest savory to balance the sweet. A classic of the Djinni’s Spoon—and the cause of one fatality where a particularly hungry customer ate thirty and levitated eight miles into the air before the spell wore off.”
The [Waiter] delivered all that with a flair of his own. He might have been a good [Actor]. Temile hesitated, and bit his lip on the comment.
It was far from a quiet, reserved table. The others were talking—arguing over the moment with in Elisial. They were all the centers of attention—half-acting even now.
“No, no, I recall it now! We did burn the set! I nearly killed Andel—but Eltistiman saved the day! Most of the audience had no idea half the set was magical and it worked so well we had Eltistiman do the next three plays with illusions for the props!”
Kilkran was laughing as he hugged Eltistiman with one arm. The [Magician] was not one of the originals, but he had certainly earned his place. Eltistiman toasted the others with a glass.
“And my life was entirely for the better the moment I asked to join your troupe!”
“Dead gods. And we met you with those [Thugs] or whatever in the inn. Remember? Wesle and the others decided it was a good idea to pretend to be [Warriors]—”
Jasi laughed and Wesle turned red. Temile grinned as he took another deep drink—he had heard that one.
“Hah! Well…I may have had a fat head. But I did just get my [Method Actor] Skill.”
The [Actor] conceded. The others chuckled. It was Yimur who lifted a paw.
“And at last—I can finally catch up to you there, Wesle. No more of you quietly lording it over the rest of us! ‘Oh, do you want me to string a bow? I know how, thanks to my Skill. Anyone fancy a little duel? I’ve been studying Gold-rank [Warriors]…’”
The others laughed again. Orica, who had been almost as quiet as Temile, lifted a fork and the floating sugar she’d been nibbling on.
“Yes, that’s right. To Yimur and the [Humble Actor] Skill!”
Temile could voice agreement here, and did so gladly. This was a celebration as much as a reunion and—if Emme had been hinting—something more. Yimur took a bow to applause around the room.
“Skills and levels. Do you have any new ones as a [Producer], Temile?”
Jasi leaned over and murmured to him as the others began arguing about who Yimur should shadow first. Temile felt a flash of…jealousy? He had no right to that. He’d volunteered to stay, after all.
“Ah, well, just a few. I’m not Emme. So my [Producer] class only gave me a few. [Eye for Talent], [Pinpoint Discord]—helps with the arguments behind the scenes, and a decent one in [Revitalizing Touch].”
“Oh! Like a [Masseuse]? Or some [Healers]?”
She smiled.
“Yes. Funny story—it saved our lives in this performance where—”
Before he could tell the not-so-great story, Temile was interrupted by the [Waiter] again. This time he had the first course.
“Players of Celum, our first dish. Goose elrava. Which is to say—”
He placed the dish down with a flourish. It was, in fact…everyone exclaimed at the pile of oddly-colored…
“Salt?”
Emme looked up. Engam nodded.
