7.50
Page 1
The Gnoll child scowled and folded her arms, but Lyonette was blocking the door and she could veto dessert, which was cake. The tyrant would have her due.
“Selys has offered to pay for the dresses…she’ll buy one. The rest will come from one of Krshia’s [Tailor] friends who works with Gnolls. You have to choose, Mrsha. Choose a dress. And maybe pants. And a shirt! You’ll look so cute in it!”
Lyonette even had one of the borrowed smartphones, having discovered the allure of free pictures. Mrsha looked at the pile of clothing samples. She looked at Lyonette’s board full of ideas and then at the [Princess].
 
—-
 
Thirty minutes later, Mrsha waddled downstairs, feeling as if she’d won a pyrrhic victory of sorts. Lyonette followed, scowling a tiny bit.
She had gotten her way. Mrsha was wearing a shirt and a kind of dress. She looked rather odd in it. But she walked downstairs on her two legs with a vague air of pride.
“Mrsha? Did Lyonette actually get you to put on a—hah!”
Erin laughed when she saw Mrsha. Lyonette glared.
“It’s the only thing she would put on.”
Mrsha was wearing a cotton shirt—and a kilt. She had tossed all the other dresses out of the lineup for the most open design. It had been that or a toga, and Lyonette had chosen the lesser of two evils.
It looked very funny to Erin.
“I didn’t even know there was plaid on sale in Liscor!”
“I got the samples from Invrisil. Why? Does it look—off to you?”
“No…but it does uh, sort of looks like a thing guys from Earth might wear. If they were from a certain country.”
Mrsha had clearly chosen the one combination of clothing designed to make her least lady-like. Lyonette was exasperated.
“It’s a start. Alright, Mrsha. You’re allowed to play now.”
Mrsha brightened up. She grabbed her belt and Lyonette raised a finger.
“In clothing! And no getting it torn or ripped!”
The Gnoll child scowled and stomped off. Erin shook her head as she watched Mrsha go. All she needed was a tiny beret to match.
“Did you get pictures of her in other outfits?”
“A few. Here…”
The Wandering Inn was open for another day in this long summer. Mrsha walked around on two-legs, doing her customary round of the inn more ungainly. But she was entering her shifting year and she already seemed a bit taller to Erin.
“Is that Mrsha?”
Several of the regulars exclaimed when they saw her. Mostly with amusement. Mrsha bore it with ill grace. Menolit laughed his tail off over his loaded baked potato with a snack. She slapped his claw away as he tried to ruffle her head and attempted to grab his potato—she was too slow in this clothing!
“You’re so cute. They should put little pictures of you up around the inn! Or some art! Tell Erin to do that—I keep saying the common room needs more culture!”
Uriesta, a Drake in her mid-forties, tried to tempt Mrsha with a bit of salad. The Gnoll took one look at the leaf and turned her head. She stomped off, looking for her real friends, the ones who’d commiserate with her rather than be annoying adults.
“Mrsha? It’s me, Mrsha!”
The young Gnoll’s ears perked up as she heard a familiar, and welcome voice. She turned. Ekirra? But instead of the red blur she was expecting to race towards her and hug her—she saw an unsteady fellow on two legs, wearing pants.
Mrsha’s face fell.
Damn them. They’d gotten to Ekirra too! He was waddling around, fully-dressed and looking uncomfortable.
“Mrsha! You look funny!”
His mouth opened and he started laughing as he saw Mrsha. The Gnoll furiously signed back—Ekirra was funny too!
The young Gnoll cocked his head as he read her words and shrugged.
“It’s so stiff!”
