7.50
Page 40
Even the audience in the inn was too busy chatting to focus on the poor Chandrarian orchestra. They had beautiful music and they’d worked so hard.
But they were up against the Queen of Pop. If attention was sunlight, Cara had stolen the spotlight and all that was left were a few glimmers by dusk.
And yet—Jasi was hooked.
“That look. Did you see it, Wesle? She looked so—dirty, yet amazing! War-torn. It’s so stylish!”
“I was more impressed by the drums! I was trying to copy some of the band—the one playing the guitar in front I couldn’t copy. But the drums? Look at this!”
Wesle had pulled out the drum set Kevin and Numbtongue used. He began laying down a similar beat, having copied Thien. Jasi was distracted.
“Where’s my dye for the neck spines? If I adjusted my clothing like this…”
“What do we do? No one’s going to watch us!”
Kilkran wailed. Jasi looked at him.
“Enough people will see. Pipe down, Kilkran. And remember—I want to say something before the play.”
“But Jasi—”
The Drake was too busy dabbing some color onto her neck spines. Cara’s hair had been dyed near the ends. Like…so?
“Jasi! We’re going to perform—”
Orica was horrified. Jasi rolled her eyes.
“In an hour! I can get this off in less than five minutes, Orica. I’m trying that look before I forget. There was a bit of…sensuality. Like this—”
[Perfect Imitation]. She grabbed a cup and pretended it was a microphone. And if she sang—
As it turned out, the mug had liquid in it. Jasi got some on her dress. Emme nearly died then and there.
“Get me water and a cleaning cloth!”
“Emme! Relax! I’ll get some water from…”
There was a crowd in the inn, which was very full. Jasi was on-stage—they’d decided to perform in The Wandering Inn for good luck. Mrsha was dancing with Ekirra—they had loved the song. Jasi saw the [Actors] pushing through the crowd and shook her head.
She just needed a bit of water. And thanks to Erin, she knew how to expedite the process.
“Door, please!”
She walked towards a wall and into the Garden of Sanctuary. It was shortcut to the kitchen or outhouse. Jasi heard an electric sound as she entered the [Garden]. She looked up as the door closed and saw—
Numbtongue. Erin’s problems were not his and he was copying the guitar from the song. Jasi blinked up at him.
“Whoa.”
The Hobgoblin [Bard] was shooting lightning from his strings. And unlike Wesle—his talent was the product of hard work, not just a Skill. He was flawlessly doing the guitar-portion of the first song and improvising on the fly.
The Hobgoblin realized he had an audience as he saw Jasi walking over to the pond. A few Fortress Beavers waddled past Jasi. He waved at her.
“Good music!”
“Yeah! That’s an amazing copy, Numbtongue! Do you think you could actually perform the song?”
“Sure. Heard two before. On—”
Kevin’s laptop. Numbtongue closed his mouth on that.
“On song-crystals? I’m definitely buying some!”
Jasi nodded earnestly. She sighed.
“Wesle’s practicing the drums. He can copy the drummer, you know.”
“Ooh. Nice Skill. Something wrong?”
The Drake rolled her eyes and lashed her tail.
“Emme’s convinced no one will watch us after the impact the Singer made. It’s not like this is going to end our careers.”
“Mhm.”
Numbtongue kept strumming. Jasi looked past him.
“I’m glad to have seen it. The Singer—what a look. Hey—do you think I could look like that?”
“Why not? Bit of blood, ash…you have to tear your dress.”
“Yeah. Maybe after the performance. I just love the—”
