7.50
Page 26
But she was convincing if it was an act. Cara had sung for four hours—longer than a lot of concerts, using stamina and healing potions and her Skills to perform all her hits. She gave it her all when she was out there.
“I’m sorry, no encore!”
The roar of the crowd was just quieter than the [Singer]’s magnified voice. She went on.
“I am delighted you all came out for me. I just wanted to say that it’s my dream to let all of Terandria hear my voice. And everyone who’s bought a song-crystal or come out to support me—thank you so much.”
A pause for the cheering. Abebi saw Cara’s iPhone vibrate.
“Let me just—”
“Touch it, Greg, and Cara will beat you to death with your mic. And that’s after I do.”
Thien warned him. Greg sourly backed away from the iPhone. He was the most problematic member of the band. And more problematic because he was necessary for the guitarist spot, even if he couldn’t actually play. But he was good at pretending and that mattered.
So far they’d faked it and Rae was improving. But Cara had used actors who played along with the music she created from her iPhone and Skills up till now.
Abebi wanted a real band. Accidents happened and while Cara could sing—she needed instruments to play the countless songs from Earth. So the current crew was handpicked from the Earthers that Cara had found. The rest were…safe. Elsewhere. And Abebi would be damned before anyone heard where it was from her.
When they returned, Greg would probably be left behind. But for now they needed him on tour.
“I’d love to perform again before I go. I had a wonderful surprise for you all! An appearance on Wistram’s magic-vision network!”
This time Abebi actually went deaf before she put on the earplugs. She saw the others grabbing for the same. The [Manager] whistled. So that was what Cara was doing? The [Popstar]’s voice was still audible even through the enchanted ear buds.
“It was all set up for just two hours from now! But I’m sorry to say, my lovely stars that Wistram Academy decided to cancel at the last moment. I don’t know why, but—”
She was drowned out by a howl of fury. Abebi knew from experience that Wistram had tails on them who followed them from concert to concert. If they were in the crowd, she hoped for their sakes they weren’t noticeable.
“Broadcast! Broadcast!”
“I’m sorry! I truly am! I’m trying to get the show back on, but—”
Cara went on for a few more minutes. And her heartfelt apology just made the crowd angrier. When she closed the door, Abebi wanted to applaud.
“That was impressive, Cara.”
“It was me using the one advantage I have. Don’t call it impressive, Abebi. Mobs are a scary fucking thing.”
Cara corrected the young woman from Nigeria. She sighed and rubbed at her brows—carefully, to avoid smudging the makeup.
“We just need one show. Then we can say quits to Wistram—until they start threatening Elena. I don’t know what I’m going to do, but if those bastards hurt her—”
She snatched up the vibrating iPhone.
“Aaron! Hello! How do you like that? Give. Me. A. Slot. Two hours from now—my place, my rules. We’ll perform three songs. And do a lovely interview with whomever you want. Or I’ll ride off into that glorious sunset while you get to answer the fans why I’m not on the broadcast. I hope Mage’s Guilds are enchanted to be fireproof. Well?”
After a while, she put down the iPhone.
“Okay. We’re back on. Abebi—I need to die in a corner for a while. I’ll be in my wagon. The rest of you—get ready. This is going to be one for the history books.”
“I’ll make a note, Cara.”
