7.50
Page 22
She nodded at the door and called for Montressa and Bezale to be let in. Temile sat down, heart pounding in his chest.
This was it. Wistram? Television? Montressa was looking around the fancy restaurant. She looked at the Players, ready to take it to the next level. She hesitated.
“Uh—bad news, Emme. Players. You’ve been pushed down two slots in the lineup. There’s uh…complications.”
“What?”
The others exclaimed. Montressa winced. And Temile—listening—realized that Wistram didn’t value the Players as highly as some of them did themselves. They had no idea what the Players were. And television was a hard stage to get onto.
But they’d see.
 
—-
 
The Players of Celum poured into The Wandering Inn to discuss the issue. Numbtongue half-noticed them. He was sitting with Bird and Erin.
Yellow Splatters had returned to the Hive to spread the good word. Pawn had left his good word in his room upstairs and Lyonette was managing the new hires—including Ishkr’s sister.
She looked rather like the [Head Waiter]. Except younger, and clearly—unhappy with her new employment. Ishkr was talking to her and she was growling a reply. Numbtongue watched with the fascination he always had with sibling dynamics. Then he went back to Bird.
“Okay. Bird song—take two.”
The two were quietly composing. Bird rocked back and forth.
“I am Bird. There are birds. Have you heard about the water bird?”
Numbtongue was trying to fit the guitar to Bird’s song—which he might have made up just now. They were completely different lyrics than yesterday, or even five seconds ago. Erin was laughing.
And Numbtongue’s fascination with electric guitar riffs wasn’t exactly the same as Bird’s melodies. But the two were having fun.
“What’s this about being pushed back? It took me ages to book the slot!”
Emme was pulling at her hair. Numbtongue strummed as he half-listened. Bird scratched at his head.
“I am out of words to rhyme with bird, Erin.”
“Word? Heard? Nerd? T-turd?”
“Ew.”
“I’m no good with rhymes, Bird.”
“That is apparent, Erin.”
The Hobgoblin saw Montressa trying to sooth the wrath of Emme.
“I’m sorry. I’m trying to get in touch with my people, Emme. Believe me, it’s not something on our end. Rather, it’s uh…politics.”
“How?”
It was rather simple to Numbtongue. He bypassed the layers of meaning and went to a very Goblin-answer.
The Wistram television was the first of its kind. People wanted to be on it. That was everyone, from [Kings] and [Queens] to powerful [Warlords] and [Mages].
Not everyone could be on it. It was like a quiver of magic arrows being shared in the Redfang tribe. First it went to those who deserved, nay, needed the time. Extraordinary events like the King of Destruction’s battles and so on took precedence.
But Wistram needed to fill the times when the Hundredfriends Courier wasn’t sailing into harbor. And so they ‘booked’ slots with scheduled events. A chess game. A soccer match. Two Level 50 [Fencers] going at it. A poem by the world’s best [Poet].
And so on. Erin broke in here to whisper.
“That’s like home! It’s TV, Numbtongue. Hey, the Players look great. I would have gone to that restaurant with Temile! But I was doing the job applications. Apparently it was really fancy.”
“Mm. Should have taken me.”
“I’d have sent you if they wouldn’t kill you!”
The Hobgoblin grinned.
“Alas.”
“The point is that you weren’t guaranteed a slot, Emme. They probably even told you that.”
“But we paid them over two thousand gold—”
“Two thousand?”
Temile gagged on the drink he’d taken from the Djinni’s Spoon. Kilkran stared in horror at Emme—she waved a finger at them.
