7.50
Page 23
“Don’t talk! Do you know how much a booking at the Djinni’s Spoon is worth? Anyways—it was for the chance!”
“You’ll get the money back if they cancel, or they’ll move you down. The point is it’s inevitable, Emme. I’m sorry—and believe me, Beza and I are leaning on our friends to get you confirmed.”
Montressa was apologetic. Meanwhile, Kilkran came over.
“Miss Erin, you are lovely as always! And Bird! Numbtongue, isn’t it?”
The Hobgoblin stared at the bald man with a voice like deep velvet, if that was even a thing. A saw being dragged pleasantly through wood while submerged in honey. Erin beamed.
“Kilkran! You look great! What’s that you’ve got?”
“Oh. A, ah, gift. You weren’t able to come to the Djinni’s Spoon so we thought we’d—”
Almost shamefaced, the man offered Erin the salt-goose. All his bravado in Invrisil was more subdued around Erin. She had been there from the start, when he’d auditioned. She laughed in delight.
“What? Baked in salt? That’s silly! Who’d do something like that? Palt! Imani! Lyonette, look at this! Mrsha too! It’s a salt-goose!”
“A goose in salt?”
Bird stopped humming. He sat up. Kilkran placed it on the table. Bird brushed some salt off as the others came out. Palt whistled.
“Is that from one of the magical restaurants? Erin—that’s high-class! You can bake in salt, you know.”
“Get out. What will you weirdos think of next?”
Erin laughed. Bird meanwhile was vibrating.
“A salt bird. A salt bird! I very much like you, Kilkran.”
“Think nothing of it. Er—I don’t think you eat the salt Bird…”
Numbtongue sniffed the goose. Oh yes. Mrsha was already drooling. It was going to be a rather fine dinner. But he still wanted to listen.
“Look—it’s about precedence. I don’t know who bumped you down, but it might have been royalty. They have deeper pockets and they look more entertaining.”
“Than us?”
Andel was outraged. Jasi rolled her eyes.
“No one’s seen a play, Andel. It’s not Montressa’s fault. Let’s just prepare for our slot if we do get one. This is an audition.”
“That’s right. No slacking. Kilkran, stop showing off the goose! We’ve got to make sure…”
The others were debating. As it turned out they were ready—they just didn’t know when they would be called to action. They might be bumped up the queue.
“They must be flooded. I’m sure the Mage’s Guild in Invrisil has a representative who’s supposed to facilitate the scrying. Well—Beza and I can make sure they go where you want. Emme, let’s go. The rest of you—we’ll take care of it.”
“Maybe a run-through of the play on stage?”
Kilkran murmured to Wesle. The [Actor] shrugged.
“We have done Hamlet in our sleep, but why not? We have an audience!”
Indeed, a number of people in the inn were practically begging for it and the Players were handing out the valuable autographs. Numbtongue saw Erin rolling her eyes as Kilkran tried to hand her a special one.
“It’s worth something, Erin! I’d be hurt if you didn’t have this one! First-class!”
“I know, Kilkran. It’s just so—funny! Thank you, I’ll treasure it. And here’s Grev.”
“Heya, Erin. I heard Emme had her beard in a twist. You all done with the restaurant? Anything explode while I was away?”
The boy walked into the inn. Like the others—he was fuller, richer. Like a Hobgoblin returning to his Tribe. Numbtongue strummed quietly, watching the Players glitter. They were before his time. An original crew, back when Erin had been in Celum.
