7.50
Page 18
“Exactly, Miss Emme. Salt, in six varieties. A special blend, mixed with elements of Sage’s Grass, spices from three continents—all to create a baking shell. And inside is the goose—the Anitt-breed. Known for their ferocity such that far larger monsters will not dare to cross them. Highly intelligent, highly delectable. The salt comes away—as so—”
He produced a brush and flicked it over the dish. It was a clever trick; Temile was sure the [Magical Chef] or whatever the person’s class was had prepared the goose and re-covered it with salt. How else to explain the glaze and other additions from the ‘baked’ dish?
But the salt mixture whirled up, landed in a flurry on the table, and became…
A Salt Golem. Nothing like the real thing, but it briskly donned the little hat Engam placed on its head, cut and divided and served the goose to the delight of the Players.
And it was delicious and moist—not what you’d expect for something baked in salt. Or was it? Temile was no [Cook]. He saw Jasi pressing a clawed hand to her mouth.
“It is so good. I’m drooling. Temile, what were you saying?”
“I’ve completely forgotten. I wonder if we can give Erin some of this?”
“Dead gods! She really should have come with us!”
“You know her. She hasn’t even used the booth. I don’t actually think we told her we were going to the Djinni’s Spoon. Did you, Temile?”
“It completely slipped my mind. But perhaps if we can bring some back we’ll convince her….”
“I’ll petition the [Chef] myself for a second one. On bended knee!”
Kilkran got up to laughter. Half the table wanted to stop him, the other half egged him on. He entered the kitchen to the audible delight of the [Chef].
Jasi rolled her eyes. She looked back at Temile.
“Erin serves you food, doesn’t she?”
“Room and board for those of us not taking lodging elsewhere. Very decent food. Just not…”
Jasi nodded.
“I still recall Agnes’ inn. I wonder what became of it during the Bloodraider’s attack?”
The two shuddered. Temile was glad to have taken the Players to Erin’s inn. But he had an aunt who’d narrowly avoided…
“Er, Jasi. I’m quite grateful to you all making me a part of the Players. To be honest, I fairly don’t fit in.”
The man confessed at last. It burst out of him. Jasi’s eyes widened.
“What? You were the one who stayed to keep the Players alive in Celum, Temile! Of course we’d make you one of the originals! Emme was beside herself when we found out we hadn’t paid you properly!”
“Exactly. We thought you’d be furious. Kilkran can’t look you in the eye, hence him going off.”
Orica leaned over. Temile started.
“Him? But I’m not half as grand as—”
He waved an arm around and found it was shaking. This place scared him more than any stage. He could stand in front of a crowd of hundreds or even thousand in Invrisil and perform his lines even if he was scared spitless. But this place?
Jasi started laughing. Orica joined in as well. She shook her head.
“Temile. You think I don’t feel like I’m out of place? I was a [Washer] less than a year ago! I’m so scared I’ll spill wine and have to pay for the tablecloth I nearly wet myself!”
The [Producer] stared at Jasi. She looked so sincere. Of course, she could be lying. But then he remembered—really remembered who they were.
Look at them. Here was Jasi, who had washed clothing until her scales fell off, and whose brother had lured an [Innkeeper] into a mugging. Wesle, the unfortunate [Guardsman] who’d had to deal with a stranger from Liscor.
