7.50
Page 39
Cara looked up for a second. She gave the Drake an earnest look, and looked troubled as she clasped her hands together, leaning forwards.
“You know, Drassi. I’m not—for any one nation. Or against. I just—I suppose these last few songs were me being so troubled by war. Which Ailendamus has chosen to start again. I’m just not one for violence, myself.”
She kicked my ass yesterday! Greg mouthed silently off-screen. Cara went on, her eyes shimmering a bit.
“It’s just one of those things where I wonder—war? Can we really accept so many deaths for what, land? What about people? I’m actually writing another song on the topic—”
Drassi was nodding sympathetically. Noass hurriedly shoved into the camera.
“—And I think that’s all we have for now! Thank you! Thank you, Miss Cara. The Singer of Terandria, what a wonderful person. Let’s go now to a Human-led orchestra from northern Chandrar. I give you the Bowsong of—”
 
—-
 
The image cut out. Erin was shaking. Like Remi—she had gotten it. Parts of it.
So that was how it was. Lyonette looked at Erin, concerned.
“Erin, what’s wrong? You kept saying ‘she’s saying something’. What was she saying? The Singer? She’s from Earth, right?”
Erin dared not say a word. But she looked at Kevin, Rose—the others. They retreated to the secret Earth-rooms.
“Did you all get the same thing?”
Rose whirled and looked at the others. Kevin scratched at his head. Troy and Leon were missing—Galina was with the Players who were up next. But the rest, Imani, Joseph, Erin—all nodded.
“I got—well, Palt told me you can scry someone if they aren’t warded with their names. That’s what they told you during the first chat, right, Rose?”
“That’s right. And we knew there was someone at Wistram. But—”
Rose looked up. But the sign. Kevin exhaled.
“So they are like the Illuminati? Maybe it was a mistake?”
“There’s no sign like that in this world. Not that I know of, I think.”
Erin shook her head. Joseph groaned.
“Then what was the rest? Ailendamus are the bad guys? She said that.”
Which made the good guys, by process of elimination, Noelictus, Calanfer—
“What did you say, Lyonette? It’s not just the Thronebearers?”
“No…I mean, that is the [Knight] order of my kingdom. But that one was wearing the crest of my sister. Seraphel du Marquin.”
She whispered that last to Erin, but the young woman barely heard it. It was too much to process. So that meant—allies? Or just good people? What about the half-Elf and Dwarf? Erin needed Dawil. Or Pelt.
Either way—the music video had told her everything. Those other band members—were they from Earth?
There you are. You, and Geneva. And Ryoka too. Erin raised her head.
“We’re not alone, guys. We just need to be careful.”
Rose exhaled. Kevin scrubbed a hand through his hair and Joseph looked around for another drink.
“Guess we’d better make an airplane then, right guys?”
“Or upgrade your door.”
Erin sat there. Ryoka needed to come here and they had to talk about this. Here I am, Cara said. Here is what you need to watch out for. Erin wondered…if someone was going to go after her.
 
—-
 
One world’s worries aside, the music video and Singer of Terandria had shaken the Players of Celum. If they were growing to be experts of one craft—they had just seen centuries of refinement. Another art form.
“She’s like one of us. That’s what I felt. Her poise, the way she was moving—”
Jasi was talking amid a babble to no one in particular. Emme was having an apoplexy.
“How do we top that? We’ll never attract anyone! Look!”
