7.50
Page 30
An arm checked him into the ground. The Human man was stunned. Jasi saw the [Warrior] blocking the way, arms spread. He was wearing armor—she turned and ran.
“Thank you!”
She fled. The crowd was slowed by the stranger. Jasi just had to turn randomly a few times and she lost them. She stopped, panting, and brushed at her face.
“[Perfect Imitation]—”
Shoulders down. Head bowed. Spine curved…Jasi couldn’t do anything about the clothing, but she could act different. She slipped out of the alleyway, suddenly meeker, scurrying with a different stride as if she were a [Scribe] or [Secretary] carrying some missive.
No one immediately followed her. Jasi breathed a sigh of relief. Unconsciously she turned the corner—
And saw the strange adventurer walking towards her. Jasi—froze.
She didn’t know whoever had helped her. And they had helped her. But they weren’t one of the Player’s [Bodyguards]. She didn’t recognize the helmet or armor either.
Jasi turned back the other way, still acting. But she realized the stranger was striding towards her and sped up.
Back to the inn? No! She was too far from Erin’s door. Jasi turned down another street, desperately searching for…the other figure raised a hand.
“Wait!”
She ignored the muffled voice. Jasi fled, faster, and saw the figure take off. He charged after her.
“Stop!”
Jasi grabbed at her wand she carried for self-defense. She raised it—and the [Warrior] grabbed her arm and pointed it up. Jasi opened her mouth to scream—
“It’s me. Stop, stop.”
The Hobgoblin flipped up the visor of his helmet with a growl. Jasi froze.
“Numbtongue?”
He grinned at her.
“Surprise.”
He let go of her quickly. Some people had stared—Jasi calmed down at once and began to laugh.
“You scared me! What are you doing here?”
“What, fellow person? I am just going for a walk. I am not a Goblin.”
The Hob’s voice was muffled behind his helmet. He was wearing gear such that no part of his body showed. Jasi clapped her claws together.
“Why?”
“I want to eat salt-geese. Testing it out in Celum. You shouldn’t walk around without guards. Too dangerous.”
Jasi nodded slowly. She didn’t know Numbtongue that well—he had appeared after Erin had returned to Liscor. But she’d been in the inn with him and the Redfangs for a while. Now, he was the last one left.
“I know. I wasn’t thinking. I just wanted to come back and see…it’s so different.”
The Hobgoblin gave her a knowing look.
“Yes. Things change. Very strange to see.”
They stared around Celum. Numbtongue pointed.
“There. There was Stitchworks.”
“Oh! Really?”
Jasi couldn’t even see where the shop had been. A butcher’s shop had opened in place. Numbtongue nodded.
“Everything’s different now. Poor Celum.”
Poor Celum indeed. Jasi nodded. She looked around.
“Dead gods. We’re right next to…the Frenzied Hare. Is it still open?”
“Hm. Erin’s other old inn?”
The Hobgoblin had never been. Jasi nodded.
“It might have survived the attack. Do you…have a minute, Numbtongue?”
“Sure.”
The two walked down the street. Jasi felt her sense of nostalgia intensify with every passing step. Yes, she’d followed Erin here—and then the first play! Oh, dead gods, it was all coming back.
This street had been spared the ravages of the attack. And here it was. Jasi stared up at the faded sign.
The Frenzied Hare. 
And a little sign had been attached below it.
Serves pizza!
It looked like Erin herself had written that and no one had ever bothered to take it down. Someone had crossed out another bit angrily.
Now showing, the Players of Celum!
“Dead gods.”
“Pizza.”
