7.50
Page 8
Garry’s bakery was still running. And since they’d arranged to meet here, the [Chef] himself was running the stall.
“So…how much is this entire quiche?”
“Two copper coins.”
“Two copper coins.”
“…One copper coin?”
The [Chef] was ‘haggling’ with a very suspicious Human [Laborer] who’d stopped by the shop, right outside the entrance to the Hive. The man hesitated.
“And it’s got no bugs in it?”
“That is not guaranteed. Did you take it from the non-bug section?”
“Yeah…”
“Then it had no more chance of bugs than any loaf of bread you eat. Which, statistically does have a bug in it.”
“You’re lying to me.”
“There are often bits of grasshopper or other insects from the wheat harvest in grain. Is this not a fact you are aware of? I believe it adds nutritional value.”
The man hesitated. But he’d gone too far and was being weirded out by it all. He fumbled a copper coin onto the table.
“Uh…thanks. My mate said that the muffins here were to die for. Here’s hoping no bugs, right? How much for a muffin?”
“One copper.”
“One copper?”
“…One copper for two?”
“Garry!”
The Antinium turned as Erin came over, beaming. The muffins looked to die for, and she plucked one up.
“How’s my favorite Antinium [Chef]? And that’s only you, so don’t get worried. You can’t sell these for a copper, Garry! They’re worth a lot more! Even with bugs! Can I have one?”
“Yes, Erin. It is good to see you.”
The Antinium smiled. Erin took a big bite of the raisin muffin, and the [Laborer] brightened. He fumbled for his coin pouch.
“I’ll have s—”
Erin sprayed the acidfly-muffin to the side. The man backed away as Erin coughed.
“No, wait! I didn’t check which one it was. That uh—it was good except for bugs. You know I have a thing about bugs, Garry.”
“I have observed this, Erin. I am sorry you do not find it palatable. Yet.”
The [Chef] reassured her. Lyonette caught up as Erin drank from her water flask.
“Hello, Garry. Is your shop doing well?”
The Antinium smiled.
“I have lost money every single day since opening. However, I have also cleared my entire inventory. Even the bug-items. I am leveling up.”
“That’s great, really. Do I have anything in my teeth? Where’s Pawn? We’ve got great news, Garry.”
The [Chef]’s antennae perked up. As Erin unloaded her bag of holding he listened to the revelation about Antinium speech.
“This is most excellent. I am very happy! I must have my two assistants learn to speak…although I do not know if they will be able to do the same signing.”
“Why?”
“Their bodies are not the same. They have different appendages.”
“That’s right…because they’re Flying Antinium? What are their names again?”
“Pisca and Runel. They are both nearing Level 10 as [Assistant Baker] and [Assistant Cook].”
“Ooh! And here’s the rice…Imani says she’d be glad to have you in the kitchen if you want to practice.”
Garry delicately sampled the dishes Erin had put out.
“This is indeed…mm. Yes. I am very pleased. I think I will attempt to make them first, Erin, and then inquire if I have questions. Interesting…a root mashed up? What if I added intestines of, say, larvae and…”
The young woman’s smile turned a bit green as Garry began speculating. Erin loved Garry’s bakery, really. But she had vowed never to buy anything close to the insect-section.
“Is Pawn around, Garry?”
“I believe so. He went to purchase some supplies and has been delayed. Is Bird doing well, Erin?”
“He’s as happy as can be. I think he’s planning on upgrading the tower—the third floor’s done but Lyonette wants an attic. Bird’s got plans since he asked for all this wood and nails and rope and stuff.”
