7.50
Page 16
He gulped, only partly joking as he stared around the restaurant, the Djinni’s Spoon. One of the most high-class and sought-after establishments in the entire City of Adventurers.
Not currently being run by a Djinni, incidentally. The little historical placard they’d been given along with the expensive, gleaming silverware at the cloth table which was actually just a cloth draped in the air to act like a table—hard on the surface but with nothing to smack your shins into—explained the history of the place.
Apparently, the Djinni’s Spoon had used to employ a Chandrarian Djinni as the cook, but it had been forced to sell the Djinni a long time ago when they’d fallen on hard times. Still, the restaurant had rallied on good cooking and still kept the name and magical bent.
“Don’t worry, Temile. The [Chef] asked for your autograph along with all of ours. They won’t kick us out until they get them.”
“Mine?”
“You performed with us on stage!”
“Just once. And that was a spontaneous show. I’m not nearly as good as the main cast of the Players—”
Temile felt nervous and out-of-place in this fancy restaurant. He sat straight as if the elegant [Waiter] practically gliding over to them were inspecting his behavior.
“Ladies, gentlemen. We’re delighted to host the Players of Celum tonight. The management would like to express what an honor it is and if I might be unprofessional for just a moment—I saw the second showing of Elisial and I was star struck.”
“Oh, thank you so much! May I ask your name?”
That came from Wesle. The [Waiter] blushed as he bowed.
“Engam, sir.”
“Well, let me just write…Jasi, do you want to do the embellishments?”
Wesle handed the cardboard autograph over to Jasi. And when she laughed next to Temile, he felt every eye in the restaurant turn to her. He felt dirty, unkempt, the cut on his cheek from where he’d been shaving this morning in The Wandering Inn as large as a sword gash.
His right hand’s thumb also felt obvious and exposed, despite the fact that he’d hidden it under the tablecloth. Compared to him, Jasi shone. One of the two most famous [Actors] in the city, a sensation that had taken the City of Adventurers by storm, she wrote, sounding out her autograph for the delighted Engam.
“I hope…you will have a chance to see us on stage again, Engam. Love, Jasi Redigal. Thank you so much! Wasn’t that the play where we were still getting our feet and we accidentally burned half the set?”
The part-Dwarf woman grinned over her wineglass on her taller seat as the [Waiter] bowed and circulated the table. The first bottle of wine was poured generously into Temile’s glass. No stinting for this crowd.
He didn’t fit in. There was Emme, the real [Manager] of the troupe in Invrisil. Wesle, the male [Actor] who had the eye of every eligible bachelorette—and some who weren’t eligible—in the city on him.
Kilkran, bald but golden-voiced. Esbell, Yimurr, their first Gnoll [Actor], Pralcem, the second, Jexam, the Drake behind the scenes, Andel, the [Writer]…
This was the crew. The originals, take no exceptions, who had left Celum and gone to Invrisil before the door existed. They’d beat the door, in fact, and become legends by their hard work.
Temile? Temile had…stayed. But they’d insisted he come along. Now—the Players shone.
In fact, they’d had to give him ‘his take’ of their profits just so he could buy a suit that fit this restaurant. The Players were rich. They wore magical artifacts, Cedava’s tailoring, and they’d gotten this booking by being invited. Not even asking.
