7.50
Page 4
“I see. But, surely, it is better than dying?”
Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters were having a quiet debate as the other Antinium listened. The two friends glanced up as Mrsha slid into a seat next to Purple Smiles.
“Hello, Mrsha. And this is…Ekirra?”
Yellow Splatters had a wonderfully deep voice. The Gnoll cub stared at him with round eyes.
“Yes?”
Mrsha nudged Ekirra. There was nothing to fear! The Antinium didn’t even get mad if you accidentally knocked over a glass. They probably wouldn’t even complain if Mrsha swiped their food!
Not that she would. Antinium were off-limits. Numbtongue waved at Mrsha and replied to Yellow Splatters.
“No high levels means you die—just later. Death of weakness.”
Yellow Splatters sighed.
“This is true.”
Both looked at Mrsha as she banged on the table. She wanted in on this conversation! Importantly, she hand-signed to Numbtongue, who could understand her.
Stone Spears tribe had lower-leveled Gnolls [Warriors]. And some left. But we had higher-leveled [Chieftains] and [Hunters] and things!
They still died when the Goblin Lord attacked. Mrsha felt a pang, but it wasn’t the sharp one it used to be. Moreover, Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters both nodded.
“Non-combat classes level in peace. Not a Redfang specialty. But she has a good point.”
That was why Numbtongue was, like, #2 on the coolness-list. Mrsha puffed out her chest proudly. He gave credit where credit was due.
“Indeed. But—and perhaps I am misinterpreting—Antinium have no [Chieftains]. I do not believe we can obtain the class as we are.”
Numbtongue and Mrsha both blinked at Yellow Splatters. The Antinium had read Mrsha—perfectly. Of course, he’d seen so before and Antinium had that understanding of body language like Goblins. But it was still impressive!
You understand this?
Yellow Splatters nodded. He reached for a straw in a cup of blue juice and sipped.
“Yes.”
Mrsha was delighted! Of course, her sign-language was all her design, but she’d been improving it with the help of some of the other Earthers, who knew tiny bits of sign language. She really felt understood of late. Especially with [Druids] and Goblins and Antinium and Ekirra and Visma.
“It is something to think about. Thank you, Mrsha. Do you have anything you need?”
Mrsha shook her head; she was just here for the ambiance. Ekirra saw Yellow Splatters turn his head and froze for a second.
“I—I—d-do you eat Gnolls if they’re bad?”
Ekirra looked up at Yellow Splatters and asked the first question so far. The Antinium heard Numbtongue snort.
“No.”
“Oh. Good. There’s an Antinium working in the inn now! Actually, three! There’s one!”
Ekirra pointed at Silveran, who was sweeping the floor. Yellow Splatters opened his mandibles and raised them and Mrsha laughed at Ekirra.
“We know. It is a good thing.”
Mrsha nodded. They had their own rooms and everything! Well—room. Unlike Bird, the three Workers that Erin had gotten from the Hive wanted to sleep together. Bird had expressed an interest himself—but his collection of bird feathers, arrows, and his Fortress of Fluff required a room to himself. He was actually sort of messy, that Bird.
Numbtongue. Do you want to go adventuring later? I have clothing. It is stinky-stupid. So I can’t play. But we can have fun in the mountains!
Mrsha conveyed all that with several gestures. Numbtongue had his own name—he grinned as she pretended to pinch her tongue. The ‘do you want’ was conveyed in ‘want’, a clasping motion to the chest with one paw, and so on.
