7.50
Page 3
There were…people…who got to have more fun than others. Not that Mrsha saw the point. But Maviola and Olesm for instance were repeat offenders on the ‘gross’ scale. Poor Menolit had entered the ranks of the yuck as well, which was actually a good thing Mrsha supposed. Jelaqua…well, Selphids smelled like death and preservatives as much as that, but she knew because of Moore. Krshia had let Mrsha down, and despite the lack of a Palt-Imani connection, she got around more than Bezale and Montressa…
So had Pisces, now and then. The Antinium were refreshingly safe in that regard, except for Pawn.
She sniffed—and blinked. Hold on. Someone here was smelling like that. She looked up—and saw a unique sight, even for The Wandering Inn.
A Lamia paused in slithering past Mrsha. Hexel, the [Architect] and one of four Lizardfolk in Liscor blinked at Mrsha.
“Well, look at you! Mrsha, is it? Come to join the ranks of the clothed?”
Mrsha nodded, a bit warily. She didn’t know Hexel too well. But he was nice. She waved at him and hunted around for her cards.
I am suffering.
Hexel laughed as he read the card. He handed it back, uncaring of the side-looks some Drakes still gave him after all this time. He was usually in Liscor, anyways. Building stuff.
“Don’t worry. If you grow a tail, you don’t need to wear pants.”
He gestured at his own clothing, which was more of a vest which ran down just to where his tail began. Mrsha nodded approvingly. She’d bear that in mind.
Have a good day!
Hexel wrinkled his brow at the second card. Then Mrsha held up another with a huge ‘?’ to clarify. The Lamia blinked.
“Ah. Well, it’s quite good for just waking up. Thank you.”
Jerks. ?.
This time the Lamia laughed.
“Unpleasant people, you mean? I’ve found my ways of dealing with them. And Liscor has been quite—welcoming. Some of the city’s inhabitants, anyways. Besides. Jerks exist in Baleros too. Irritable Gorgons ruin one’s day.”
Mrsha gave a sage nod. Before she could ask how big a Gorgon was—a subject of debate between her and her friends—the [Architect] took a glance at the sky.
“I’m late. I must go. Thank you for the kind words on the card, Miss Mrsha. I really should stay here more often. Maybe tonight? But your Council has me curling my tail until its raw! Not that I mind—excuse me.”
He slithered past Mrsha after flicking her the cards. She sighed. She hadn’t gotten to figure out how to ask if he’d upgrade Liscor’s park! She’d write him a letter in case he got back.
There went an interesting person who didn’t stay at the inn. Why, he treated it as if it were some kind of…semi-permanent lodging where you ate and slept and nothing more. 
“He’s scaly. And shiny.”
Ekirra had been staring at Hexel the entire time and unapologetically picking his nose with his tongue. Mrsha nodded. The other three Lizardfolk that Hexel had brought with him were much more colorful than Drakes. Too bad they were so nervous.
What now? Mrsha looked around for another diversion. Well—her eyes lit up as she saw a gang of cool cats to roll with.
Or rather—a very fun Hobgoblin and some Antinium. Mrsha pulled Ekirra over and found Yellow Splatters, Numbtongue, one of the Painted Workers, and a number of Painted Soldiers in a booth.
These were all exceptionally fun people to be around. Antinium and Goblins weren’t too good to have fun or get dirty. Mrsha pulled Ekirra—who was suddenly shy—over.
“…Tier 5 or 6, I think. It is very reassuring to have her around, but perhaps we do not level?”
“Too strong. Safe fighting means no levels. Sounds like Xrn does too much work.”
