7.50
Page 32
Jasi glanced at the door. Some of the people who’d gotten her autograph—including both of the servers—had left. And more were trying to get in.
“I—don’t know if I have time. The Players of Celum are doing wonderfully—”
“Don’t mind them. The Players? And you still call yourselves Celum’s players!”
“Of course. We did come from here. And we don’t forget…”
But she had forgotten. Jasi found Miss Agnes a stranger and so familiar it hurt. And it hurt because—well—Jasi was the same girl again.
And Miss Agnes was a bit overbearing. Pushy. And Jasi now recalled—she hadn’t liked Miss Agnes. The woman had disliked her because she was a Drake and in her eyes, a poor girl looking for a handout. But Miss Agnes now clearly thought Jasi could do no wrong.
Yet she treated Jasi as she had. A curious give and take of past and present.
“Just sit, Jasi. I’ll handle them. You lot!”
The [Innkeeper] stood up and Jasi saw Numbtongue’s visor open and shut so he could have a slice of pizza while no one was looking.
“I’ll get us out, Numbtongue. I just…”
“It’s fine. Mm. Good pizza. That Human is a good [Cook].”
The Hobgoblin seemed content just to be here. He snatched another piece of pizza and turned his head to eat it. Jasi watched Miss Agnes arguing with the people who wanted to see her.
She hadn’t liked Agnes. But the inn—the state of Celum—it hurt Jasi. This was her home. She’d helped out of course, at the beginning. But she was living in Invrisil now.
“I thought it’d look better than this. I…forgot.”
“Mhm.”
The Goblin replied. Jasi was shamefaced. She looked at herself in the mugs. Agnes’ inn wasn’t good. But her husband was a good [Cook] when he was healthy. And she still polished the mugs. Erin had fallen out with her. But Agnes had helped take Erin in. Here—
“I started acting in this inn, you know.”
Numbtongue gave Jasi a sidelong look. He stared across the inn—they would have hung the curtain there—and Erin would be making popcorn…
“Really?”
“Oh yes. Way back in the day. Erin was stranded here. She had a jar of dead bees, Octavia was running her shop…and she asked us to help her put on a play one day. It was just me, Grev, Wesle—Erin used to call him ‘Fuzzylips’ all the time, did you know that?”
The Hobgoblin laughed so hard he nearly fell out his seat. Jasi smiled.
“It’s why he doesn’t grow facial hair anymore. He couldn’t bear it. Dead gods. Back then, Erin was struggling so much to even go back to Liscor.”
“It’s far on foot or horseback. Without magic.”
Jasi nodded. Look at them now. Look at—
Her musings were cut off as Agnes bustled over.
“Jasi? I have a tiny little request, if you’d listen to it?”
She had a nervous smile on her face. Jasi saw a line of people.
“Miss Agnes?”
“It’s just—well, if you’d just sit and sign a few autographs while we talked, it would help so much. There are so many fans who you left here. And it’s free coin! Doesn’t cost much of anything but ink and parchment, does it? Just for a few minutes—”
Jasi’s goodwill towards her home disappeared. She protested—but Agnes knew her. And you weren’t a hero in your hometown, wasn’t that what adventurers said?
In the end, Jasi signed autographs for a good twenty minutes while answering questions of how wonderful Invrisil was. Then she fled. Numbtongue held off the crowd—mainly just by folding his arms and standing there. He could have been a good [Actor]. He caught up two streets down.
“Well, that was something.”
Jasi sighed. Agnes was still Agnes. In a way—it was reassuring. But who was Jasi, now? She caught sight of herself in the reflection and the beautiful Drake in rich clothing…
