7.50
Page 0

(Entropy Games has created a fan-game of The Wandering Inn where you serve guests as Erin! Check it out here!)
 
All things changed. Everything good someday came to an end. Freedom, thou fleeting thing. Innocence lost.
Mrsha du Marquin was crying. Weeping. She hung on, but the unkind hands tore her away. She turned pleadingly—but the monster had no pity.
“It’s time for clothing, Mrsha. A dress, pants at least!”
The white Gnoll fought. Viciously! She punched, kicked—
“Ow! Kick me one more time young lady, and you will get no dessert!”
Mrsha hesitated. She’d just cleared her last ‘no dessert’ punishment. She lowered her fists. She stared up at her mother, the [Princess]’ narked look, and sullenly shuffled over to her seat.
It was a combination lesson-dressing in The Wandering Inn. Lyonette had designs, cloth samples, and since she had Mrsha’s ‘homework hour’—incorrectly dubbed by Erin since it was actually her hour(s) of schooling each day—she had decided to make it about clothing.
“Don’t give me that look, Mrsha, sweetie. You’ll get to design your clothing!”
Mrsha’s ears perked up. That…sounded better. She had visions of herself in some snazzy outfit, like the ones on the movies! Or—armor?
Lyonette misread Mrsha’s eager expression. She did not misread the quick paw-signs, though. Her face went blank.
“…No, Mrsha. Not armor. You’re not a [Warrior]. I mean a dress. But first—you should know more about clothing. I can’t believe Erin and Krshia…”
She hesitated. Love ‘em, really. But Erin Solstice was not exactly trustworthy in the realms of common sense. You suspected she knew more than she normally acted, but her teaching Mrsha about clothing terminology? Less likely than Mrsha learning how to play chess blindfolded.
And Mrsha’s other teachers? Bird wore a loincloth and only because people expected him to. Numbtongue had dressed similarly and while he wore and had his own slowly-growing wardrobe, he was a Redfang and sometimes sat around all day in chainmail.
And Krshia—Mrsha’s last regular ‘teacher’ with Elirr and Selys as supplementals—was a Plains Gnoll. Clothing mattered, but Krshia wasn’t much about fashion.
It fell to Lyonette. She adjusted the board and picked up a bit of chalk as Mrsha gloomily sat in her teaching chair.
“Don’t give me that look, Mrsha. When we’re done we’ll go over your clothing and buy you a set! You cannot keep running around naked.”
And why, pray? Mrsha sneered as she signed that she had fur. Lyonette rolled her eyes exasperatedly.
“I am not getting into it with you, young miss. Now—about skirts.”
Mrsha’s face fell. Did you know that skirts came in all shapes and sizes and cuts? The minutiae of whether a skirt had this many folds, or was knee-high rather than floor-length differed its classification!
The next hour of Mrsha’s life was filled with knowledge. The difference between pleated and knife-pleated, eight panel, four panel, draped, accordion, waist, pencil…
Wow. Look at all the words for clothing you’re never going to get me to wear. Mrsha’s face was that of a prisoner being herded towards the torture room. Lyonette doggedly drummed the words into Mrsha’s head.
“You need to wear something today, Mrsha. Just so you can see it’s not a burden. No, it is not painful! Stop signing that!”
Mrsha was communicating with Lyonette with her sign-language rather than her notes. The allure of being perfectly understood via text had worn off for Mrsha and signing was faster—so long as the other person could actually understand her language.
