7.50
Page 13
If Beza leaned forwards the other person was in fear of being stabbed in the head by a horn. Or Beza head butting them.
“We’re coordinating the network, yes, Miss Cedava. But we’re hardly the managers. Rather, we facilitate. You’d own your business here, in Liscor, or Pallass. Our job is just to handle hiccups. And of course, there’s a larger system to fall back on. We are making use of the door, after all.”
“Of course. Through…the…er…”
“The Wandering Inn.”
It was only partly untrue, which is why it would have soared past a truth spell. Montressa had workshopped a lot of the dialogue with one, in fact. Cedava might have been using one concealed somewhere; there was a flicker by the desk behind Montressa she was picking up, but all the better. That meant Cedava was smart and also that she knew they were telling the truth.
Even if…Erin wasn’t exactly sanctioning this. But it was true, everything Mons and Beza had said and the deal they were laying out.
“A shop in Liscor. You know…it’s a small city. Compared to Invrisil.”
“A shop in a city that’s added over a tenth of its population in the last months. Two tenths, actually, right Beza?”
“And Pallass. Remember, Miss Cedava. Don’t think of Liscor as a city in the old, geographical sense. Think of it as a city half an hour away from Invrisil. And half an hour away from Pallass. And soon—dozens of other cities.”
The woman’s eyes widened. But it was true. The [Lords] of Izril that Erin was delivering goods to were making the same inquiries as a few Drake cities and Human ones.
“I can…see that. But Invrisil would be the same city, wouldn’t it?”
“Exactly. But you already have a shop here. Liscor on the other hand is where The Wandering Inn is based. And Pallass? It’s the City of Inventions. Two other cities.”
The [Seamstress] was nodding. She was no fool; she was the most savvy [Seamstress] in Invrisil, both businesswoman and designer of fantastic clothing. That was why Magnolia Reinhart had come to her for her new dresses that had left such a mark.
Oh yes. A mark. True, the King of Destruction had been in the news and there were always new things coming in via scrying orb. Niers Astoragon playing chess, the drama with the Couriers at sea.
Something for everyone. But the world of fashion was still dwelling on things like Magnolia’s dress. Never mind the assassination attempt.
Even passing through her shop to the back had shown Montressa that Cedava’s business was hopping. Everyone wanted a dress in the new fashion!
“Opening up two more business in two different cities is a huge thing to imagine, Mage Montressa. I can barely keep my shop running even after hiring twice as much staff and giving the others overtime…”
Cedava laughed. Mons just raised an eyebrow.
“Miss Cedava. You’re swamped here. But that means two more shops will have three times as much business. And revenue.”
That shook the woman. She licked her lips.
“You think so?”
Beza’s turn. She steepled her fingers together.
“Miss Cedava. I’ve been in Liscor and I know there’s demand for your clothing at the right prices. Pallass? Different prices. We can, ahem, tailor to each city. But the moment won’t last forever. Everyone steals designs…”
The [Seamstress]’s gaze darkened.
“Yes they do. Half of the [Seamstresses] and [Tailors] and so-called [Fashionistas] are stealing the designs I came up with.”
Montressa barely noticed the hesitation. She probably would have missed it if she hadn’t known to look for it.
The ones Magnolia gave you from Earth, you mean, eh? But she smiled innocuously.
