7.50
Page 28
When she still remembered begging the Watch not to put him in prison or exile him for his crimes. And they owed it all to…
“Mrsha! Put your kilt back on!”
Erin Solstice ran across the inn, chasing Mrsha who’d finally snapped and torn off her shirt and clothing to run around with her fur on, as things were supposed to be. She was laughing and chasing the Gnoll all over the inn as the Players set up on stage.
She hadn’t changed. But then—Erin didn’t have the Player’s fame or fortune. She seemed leery of it. Emme had pressed Erin to take some money. They’d had to give it to Lyonette because Erin had claimed it was all theirs.
She was inspiring and exasperating sometimes. Jasi smiled and rose.
“Going to perform with us? Come on, Jasi! For old time’s sake!”
Kilkran called out to cheers from around the room. Jasi laughed and waved apologetically.
“Actually…I’m going for a walk, Kilkran. Sorry! I’m sorry. But we’ll be performing later!”
“Fine! But you owe a performance up here!”
The others laughed. Jasi rose—and walked out of the common room. Into the long hallway that seemed so unnecessary. Eltistiman hated walking down it for some reason.
“Hi.”
There was a Gnoll standing at the door these days; it was a permanent job for one of the staff to let people in and out rather than let them wait. The older Gnoll nudged her as she scowled.
“It’s ‘Hello, who’s going for Invrisil’?”
“Bite me, Isk. Why couldn’t I get another job? I don’t want to…”
She snapped back up at him. Jasi half-smiled as the Gnolls growled at each other. Ishkr apologetically lifted a paw.
“I am so sorry. Who is going to Liscor?”
He adjusted the dial, and let the people through. Then he adjusted it to Celum—
“For Invrisil, Miss Jasi? We have to charge you the fee…”
Ishkr gave her an apologetic look. Jasi didn’t offer him the silver coins like the other handful of people going through.
“Actually, Ishkr, I’d like to go to Celum. Is that possible?”
“Of course. Let’s see. Wailant has his door here. But we installed another stone after the attack…here we are.”
Ishkr consulted the little dial and adjusted it. His younger sister looked interested.
“If we’re staff, can I go through to Invrisil without paying?”
“Shh! And if you go off while we’re working—I had to ask Miss Lyonette and Erin to hire you! This is your last chance—”
The two Gnolls started arguing again. Jasi went through on her own with one other person, an adventurer or something.
“We check the door every ten minutes—that’s what you say, Liska—”
The door closed. Jasi looked around.
“Oh. Celum.”
She sighed. She had seen it with Wesle and Grev right after the attack. But—it still hurt.
Celum had been wrecked by the Bloodfeast Raider’s raid. Now—at least the ash was gone, the bodies buried.
But it looked like a shell of the city it had been. Jasi saw the city of Celum in her mind, bustling, not a trading hub, but always busy and enough for a place where she had grown up all her life.
Now—the streets were broken, some being laid, but the money and the people weren’t here. Many had left. Many had died. Some had gone to other cities, others to Liscor…
Erin Solstice herself had helped one of the [Innkeepers] from Celum, Timbor Parthian, who’d lost his entire inn, find work in Liscor. He had set up an inn in the new district that was being built with help from Selys.
But not everyone had an Erin. Jasi began to wander as the [Warrior] folded his arms, looking around. She walked down street after street. Looking for…
“Oh no.”
