7.50
Page 36
[Lightning] came down from the skies as another [Mage] used the charge built in the wand. It flashed down and Cara walked forwards. She felt the crackle of electricity do something to her wild hair. But she was wearing the protection amulet. As she had told the other actors—it was about the scene.
The wind was blowing dust and grit, not enough to cover anything in the scene. Just enough—a [Geomancer] and [Wind Mage] were providing the effects. Cara had spent lavishly for this.
This was not the bright pop songs other people had heard her sing. This was in the vein of some of the songs she was coming out with. Rock instead of pop.
And she had chosen a legend of Earth to bring to the world’s attention.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams, recorded by Cara and an actual band, was playing on the computer that was held just behind the scrying orb. Cara walked ahead as another flash of light showered dirt behind her.
“Arrows!”
Half a dozen [Archers] loosed flaming arrows onto the ground, aiming to land in the shot but miss Cara—narrowly.
Abebi’s fists were clenched. It rode on Cara. She had to not flinch from that too. And it was one thing to do that with special effects, but these were real spells. Cara had told Abebi she could handle it. She had seen battlefields before.
She was flinching with some of the spells detonating. But that was real. Cara walked forwards, as the audience saw the shot panning, rotating slowly to fit the carefully-choreographed scene. From the side, now, the Queen of Pop walked through a battlefield of spells and arrows.
“What is this?”
Jasi was staring. Erin and the others from Earth knew the answer. It was the world’s first music video. Cara was singing as she walked, a microphone in her hand. But it was just lip-syncing to the song—she didn’t keep to it.
“This is…”
Erin stared at Cara. Memorizing her face. Cara O’Sullivan was walking forwards. And—as the song played, one of her shadows—another actor, appeared out of the smoke.
A Thronebearer of Calanfer. Dame Neranthei. Her armor was a bit sooty, and blood was on her gauntlets. She looked at Cara—and the two nodded at each other.
They walked on, through hellfire and a battlefield. A group of [Warriors] fought past Cara as the spells ceased for a second. Neranthei vanished. And then—was Huntress Melitza.
The Hunter of Noelictus walked with a crossbow in her hands as if this was a real battlefield. The hat on her head turned as she and Cara glanced at each other.
They walked on. Again, a cloud of smoke and impact from a [Fireball] made the [Huntress] vanish. Cara walked through, coughing. And there was the half-Elf.
There was a trick to it. They each looked a bit like Cara. It fit the song. Cara walked with her shadows—the fourth was the Dwarf. The battlefield was destroyed as she finally reached the stage.
That was when the security let the audience who had followed the [Singer] rush forwards. They charged onto the field and Cara took the stage. She began to sing with her band and the view panned across the band and the audience.
That was the Queen of Pop. Her first song was a music video. A classic. To get everyone’s attention. When she had it—the [Popstar] could finally tell them what she wanted to say.
 
—-
 
“Ancestors. That was amazing. Was that real? An illusion? I’m shaking!”
There was a ten-minute break between songs and Drassi filled it. She was blown away, as most of the people were. Staging a performance? Making up something on television?
“Is that inauthentic, though? That was not a real battlefield—”
