7.50
Page 24
Look at them now. Vying to get on the enchanted mirror in the common room—currently dark while the one in the rec room was always on—with royalty. He wasn’t worried about their issues finding reception.
Their hour would come. And if it meant more good food, he was all in. He wondered if it were possible to sneak into Invrisil? Numbtongue had a thought and left the table to go to his room.
Unlike Bird, whose room was a [Hunter]’s haven of arrows, trophies, and so on, Numbtongue had a much different setup.
Weapons for Shorthilt, rocks and gems from Pyrite, and any number of tools for fixing his guitar or maintaining his gear. Two spare crossbows; Erin gave him money and the Hobgoblin had gotten used to ordering gear. And…he rummaged around and found a few tools.
“Hmm.”
Pyrite and Numbtongue had both had an idea. Shorthilt was mostly weapons-based information. Reiss folded his arms, scowling as he watched them work from afar.
“This is a bad idea.”
Numbtongue ignored him. And in the inn, Erin Solstice broke off from chatting with the Players to get a very important letter.
“Miss Solstice? Mage’s Guild [Message]. Here you go.”
A Street Runner from Liscor appeared to hand Erin a few letters. The [Innkeeper] stopped to open it. Mrsha’s ears perked up at the exclamation.
“What? Wow! Mrsha! Gah, what is this? It’s another Manus-spam letter. Shoo! But here! Look at this! I just got a [Message] from Ryoka! Mrsha! She’s coming to Invrisil! She’s already on her way!”
The Gnoll cub threw up her paws. So did Erin. They danced around and Erin laughed.
“And—wait. She’s bringing a friend? She has something big…no way!”
“Huh. I didn’t know she had any friends.”
Lyonette folded her arms and sniffed. Erin ignored that. She laughed in delight. Jasi looked thoughtfully at Erin, because she remembered Ryoka.
“The gang’s all getting back together.”
Wesle smiled. Jasi nodded and turned. Beza, who had remained to chat with Wistram while Montressa and Emme went to the Mage’s Guild in Invrisil, exclaimed.
“Maweil’s sails. Damn it, no wonder we were moved down!”
She threw down the scroll she’d been using to write [Messages] on with a curse. The others looked at her.
“What is it, Beza?”
“It was a priority-client for Wistram. They…out paid, essentially. More influence, more contacts I think. Nothing we can do. They’ve moved everyone down the roster and they might take longer—it’s going to be touch-and-go.”
“What? Who did that?”
Andel and the others were outraged. Beza raised her hands.
“I’m sorry. It’s—a special relationship. I am positive I couldn’t do anything about it.”
“Who’s the client, then?”
The Minotauress hesitated. Her eyes flicked across the room. At Erin, Kevin, who was yawning and ruffling his hair. Joseph, coming down after sleeping in far too late.
“Have you ever heard of…the Singer of Terandria?”
 
—-
 
Cara O’Sullivan, the Singer of Terandria, the [Popstar], the Baroness of the Beat…etc. etc…was speaking into her smartphone.
And that demanded a second, or even third look if you knew what that meant. She wasn’t recording something on an app. She was talking to someone.
It astounded Abebi. Reception in another world? She and the band that accompanied Cara were poised. They were all of Earth, and the sight of someone using a phone as it had been intended?
Hypnotizing. Like drugs for a starved addict. Because it was home.
And the person on the other side was also from Earth. Not that they’d ever spoken to him. Greg, the [Guitarist], had tried, and Thien had put him in a headlock. The [Drummer] knew the score.
