7.50
Page 21
Temile had seen it happen. Jasi could create a doppelganger who was…well, a shadow of the real thing. Which was still good and would get better with time. She could literally perform two roles on stage at the same time or use her shadow in a sacrificial bit like as Juliet—a real stabbing through the heart.
But the true power of the Skill? [The Actor’s Shadow] created a shadow-Jasi. Of…any species. They all were quintessentially Jasi—same height, relative to species. Same build. But dead gods.
What a Skill.
 
—-
 
Temile was deeper into his cups, but reassured that there were sobering potions such that he’d walk out fresh as a daisy if he so chose. He looked around and finally realized they were down a Player, except for Erin.
“Where’s Grev, Jasi?”
She grimaced.
“Hanging with his friends. Being a Face. Out of trouble, I think. He just refused point-blank to come to another restaurant. Mainly because I won’t let him drink.”
“Really? When I was a lad—”
“Erin told me it was dangerous. I think Grev actually listens, but he doesn’t care for us ‘old folk’ anyways. He’ll be about. He won’t want to miss the event later today. Speaking of which…”
They were having lunch, of course, although it felt like dinner with how much he was eating—and not getting full! Temile just felt more invigorated, in fact.
“Ah yes. What is the big surprise? Anyone? I know you’ve been keeping it secret, Emme. You’re performing in Pallass, is that it?”
“If we were, Temile, you’d be managing it. Guess again.”
The half-Dwarf woman had a sparkle in her eyes. Temile felt a leap in his chest.
“…You’re going to First Landing? Another noble’s invited you to a private play?”
They’d done that several times. The others shook their heads. Some like Yimur didn’t know. Wesle sighed.
“With Magnolia Reinhart gone…it’s tricky. We’re not uh, sure, if she’s still the patron. We’ve asked, but her mansion is virtually empty. Dicey.”
Politics. The others went silent for a moment, warily. But they were [Actors]. Hopefully no one killed them for being entertaining.
Emme waved that off.
“Damn it, Wesle. Now I have to say it since you brought us down. Temile was never going to guess!”
Wesle winked at Temile and the other man grinned. Emme looked around.
“I have—at great expense and effort—finally booked us a chance to open Pallass and First Landing to us. We’re popular and word’s spreading, but a Walled City is too good for us and First Landing has yet to know the Players. So—the 1st Troupe is going to put on the performance of a lifetime tonight. Half past seven—possibly later. That’s one of the reasons we’re eating magical food now.”
“Who’re we performing for? Even if it’s a dozen nobles, and I haven’t heard of that many, that’s not worth a ‘lifetime’s performance’, Emme.”
Kilkran adjusted his doublet, looking offended. Also—somewhat arrogant. But some of the other [Actors] were nodding. Emme scowled.
“You want more than a dozen nobles, Kilkran? Try dozens of monarchs. Try the world. Wistram has agreed to feature us on a segment tonight! It was hard to get and—”
That was all she said because the table exploded into noise. Some of the eavesdroppers from the other tables scrambled to gossip the news out. The Players were on their feet.
“And you didn’t let us rehearse?”
One of the [Actors] screamed. Emme shouted them down.
“We’ve done this a hundred times! It’s Hamlet and don’t argue! We have plenty of time! There are just a few—complications—I asked for two experts to help us. I think they’re nearly here.”
