7.50
Page 10
It does not matter. Once, perhaps, there were gods. But they were not gods for us. Far later, when the gods were dead, the Antinium were created and created themselves…we were not born, but made.
 
It went on for a bit. Pawn did not know the full story of the Antinium and he wrote that down.
“It’s uh—very honest about the gaps, Pawn.”
“It is not the important part, Erin. I am just giving perspective. What do you think?”
“Um. I think it’s great. Really. Do you think it’ll really help with your sermons, Pawn?”
“I believe so, Erin. After all—I plan to hire an [Illustrator] and pay for the important parts.”
“What parts?”
The [Priest] pointed up.
“The sky. This book must have color. And each one should have a flower. I have thought about more to add. I am open to suggestions.”
Erin and Lyonette exchanged a glance. Erin smiled.
“You know—I think every religious text could use a picture of the sky and a flower. What about…some smells? Besides flowers?”
“Cinnamon. These are good ideas, yes. Shall we go conduct the interviews? You said you were on a busy schedule, Lyonette.”
Pawn made a few notes on a separate journal. Erin saw Lyonette nod.
“Absolutely. Ishkr should have the applicants all set. Garry, I’m sorry, we have to run back to the inn, but…”
“I am quite happy, Miss Lyonette, Erin. I must add these recipes to my cookbook. I will have someone take over my bakery. And I found a dead rat on the street. Goodbye!”
The [Chef] happily hurried back into the Hive. Erin waved after him and they walked back to the inn. They walked back—Erin bounced on her feet and slapped her forehead.
“Oh no. I have to pick up some sugar! I promised Imani!”
“You could get someone to—”
Too late, Lyonette saw Erin run off towards Krshia’s stall. She rolled her eyes, but she headed back to the inn with Pawn. He was writing in his journal.
“More of your text, Pawn? Erin’s explained the idea of g—the idea of—the idea of religion, but it’s so strange.”
She stumbled a bit. Pawn looked up and nodded.
“I know. I could explain again.”
“It’s fine. I don’t need to get it.”
“Yet you enjoy my presence anyways. How curious.”
Lyonette started giggling. Pawn’s deadpan astonishment always made her do that. Pawn looked ahead.
“So. How is your day going?”
“I got Mrsha to wear a dress. Well, a kilt. You’ll see once we get to the inn. And we’re hoping to hire eight more positions onto the staff.”
“How many of them will be Antinium? There are thirty seven applicants.”
Lyonette hesitated.
“I’m hoping to add four, Pawn. Permanently. But I want more Drakes, Gnolls, even a Human if one’s applied.”
“I see. I hope they meet the qualifications. How will you decide?”
“…Erin and I will do it. She’ll probably handle the Antinium unless you have observations.”
Pawn tilted his head back and forth.
“Did you not once tell me that Erin was ‘garbage at managing the staff’?”
Lyonette looked around for Erin. She sighed.
“Erin…cannot fire people. Or balance a budget. She doesn’t really have an eye for talent, either. However, she does bring out the best in people regardless of who they are. If she finds someone she likes, I’ll definitely consider hiring them. We work well together.”
“I see. That does seem useful. I will offer my suggestions if you would like.”
“I would like that. Just whisper them to me or tell me when no one will hear, though, m’kay? Especially because we might have to hire Ishkr’s sister. He asked us to consider it and he’s really been so helpful—but uh—even he won’t recommend her, so be subtle, alright?”
“Of course. I have learned subterfuge, Lyonette.”
