7.50
Page 34
Abebi pushed the woman and Cara turned to the four. They were—in order—a Dwarf, a half-Elf, a Hunter from Noelictus—and a Thronebearer of Calanfer.
The half-Elf and Dwarf were hired specifically. Both female—the half-Elf was about as tall as Cara and had agreed to dye her hair to match. Cara felt shabby and mortal compared to her, but the half-Elf was a fan of her music.
The other two were harder to get. The Thronebearer bowed.
“Singer. It is an honor. I come from embattled Calanfer at your request.”
“Thank you so much, Dame…?”
The [Knight] was female. She even looked sort of like Cara, which was excellent. She performed a salute.
“Dame Neranthei, at your service, Singer. I am of the lowest rank of my Order—a Lightholder. I was told I would serve. And my Order can spare no one else.”
“Of course. I’m very grateful you could come to me. Of course—I’ll recompense your order.”
Again, the woman bowed. Her eyes flickered upwards.
“In truth, our Grandmaster might not have given me the order to come, even for you, Singer. But the [Princess]’ request swayed him.”
She had the crest of the 4th Princess of Calanfer on her breastplate. So—personal security. Cara smiled.
“Is Princess Seraphel safe?”
“Until the Eternal Throne is taken—she will be. I shall convey your words to her, if you wish it.”
“Maybe later. And thank you, Huntress Melizsa.”
“Noelictus keep you, Miss Cara.”
The [Hunter] tipped her hat. Also female—also with the same rough height and color of hair. She looked at Cara directly.
“For the Singer of Afiele, we would come. I understand this will be broadcast across the world.”
“Yes…do you understand what you have to do? Just walk—and keep your composure.”
The four nodded. The Dwarf and half-Elf were palpably more nervous. The Thronebearer and [Huntress] just looked concerned they’d make a mistake.
“Just walk?”
“That’s right. It’s the scene, the scene. Come on. I’ll show you your routes. The key is to keep acting. I’ll demonstrate.”
Cara slowed her pace and showed them. They watched her face, the way she moved slower.
“I see. And while that happens, the spells…?”
“That’s right. Abebi’s got five amulets.”
“What caliber? My own wards might suffice.”
The [Huntress] was curious. Cara didn’t know. The [Huntress] went to talk with Abebi and came back.
“Ah, charged spells. I’ll swap for that one, then. They should hold through all the spells.”
That reassured the Dwarf and half-Elf. Cara felt…anxious. But she was committed.
“Just remember. Don’t look directly at the [Scrier]. You’re acting. Pretending. Dame Neranthei, you’re first. Right here, you see? As we pass by this rise…so you’re walking this route. Let’s go through it.”
They did. The Thronebearer looked relieved.
“Very simple. And we walk to the end…?”
“That’s right. And your task is done. Then just walk away from the camera—the scrying orb.”
The others looked at each other. They didn’t get the entirety of what Cara wanted. But she had no time to show them or explain. The dirt-and-grass stretch that they’d dug up to create a few hundred feet of space in front of the stage was only prepared for one take.
“We have the [Mages] in place! Wands at the ready! Cara, are you set? Eight minutes to go!”
Abebi’s voice cracked with nerves. Cara was calmer.
“Are you both alright? It will be terrifying.”
“We—we’re good, Miss Cara. And it’s a huge honor.”
