7.50
Page 5
It wasn’t a one-to-one exactly of words to intention, but Mrsha pinching her nose and tapping her head and such were logical motions such that you could infer from her face a lot of what she was saying.
“No adventuring today. I am practicing on the guitar. Too tired.”
What? Lazy!
The [Bard] was unaffected by her insults. He’d been out late, doing sword-things again. Mrsha scowled; Numbtongue was actually teaching Lyonette some moves. He’d gotten suddenly a lot more interested in his sword. But he hadn’t said why—yet. It was a secret and he clearly wanted to tell Erin.
“Don’t kick me. Go play in the Garden if you’re bored. Or shoot arrows with Bird.”
The Hobgoblin shook his head at Mrsha. He was downgraded five ranks on the cool list instantly. Still—everyone had days when they wanted to do their thing and Mrsha was prepared to forgive. Mrsha the Benevolent and Kind could do no less. She was trying to figure out who else she could bother with Ekirra when the Gnoll cub yawned.
“Mrsha—can I have an icy-slurpy thing from the kitchen? Please?”
He whispered to Mrsha. She looked up. That sounded good.
It was a standing order from Lyonette to the staff that Mrsha’s friends and their family got ‘bonuses’, like some of the guests. Mainly because they were friends—and partly to keep them coming back to The Wandering Inn. That meant Ekirra could sometimes sneak some food that Mrsha couldn’t from the kitchens.
Erin’s shaved ice slurpies were an invention that had come out just the other day. Free ice from her sad-fire freezer or Palt’s magic plus some blue fruit juice or sugar-mix with a bit of fruit juice?
Delicious. The food spies had had a field day with that. Erin had tried to get everyone to eat inside on the first day, instead of sneaking their food away. Mrsha distinctly recalled watching one spy from Liscor buy the snow cone and running for the exit while Erin chased them with a broom.
It was still a fad for the inn because ice wasn’t the easiest thing to copy. Although all the big restaurants and inns like Peslas’ Tailless Thief had [Mages] or access to magic or Skills. Still, Ekirra was wagging his tail.
“Please, Mrsha? Dad says other kids want to be your friend so they can go to the inn. He says it’s ‘dis-in-genuous’, but I should be your friend even without free food. But can I have free food?”
Mrsha’s ears perked up. New friends? She signed back after a moment’s thought.
Get free food for me, too! Friend! Anyone else want food?
She looked at Numbtongue.
“Yes. I’ll get it. One cone for Mrsha, one for Ekirra…”
He looked around the table. The other Antinium had been quietly eating from bowls of fufu dipped in the spicy broth and goat’s meat they loved to eat from Imani’s kitchen. Well—only one of them was a Worker anyways, so they hadn’t exactly been leaping to join the conversation.
Purple Smiles raised a hand. The Worker nodded. The other Painted Soldiers susurrated. Mrsha finally recognized two more ‘unique’ Soldiers among the crowd at the booth.
Chesacre and Thaina! Of course, each Soldier had a name, but the two who were female Soldiers were unique. Not only because their art formed a whole across the two bodies, but because they were…female.
The other Soldiers were male, or, possibly, indifferent. Yellow Splatters had gone over it with Numbtongue and decided he was probably male. Pawn had expressed the same idea, much to Lyonette’s relief. She was bothered by all of it.
