7.50
Page 38
Viltach was very happy. Feor and Naili nodded, a bit dubiously. Nothing about what Naili had ever seen of Cara had shown she liked Wistram. But the [Mages] were clearly the heroes.
Beneath Wistram’s sigil—the island on the isle—they were fighting the evil army and undead back. There was another symbol below it. A triangle with an eye. Cara stood beneath it.
“Huh, that’s not our sigil. What, is that one of our factions?”
“No idea.”
Naili eyed the pyramid and eye until the music video cut to the last scene, which was a typically climatic battle.
Cut to the [Necromancer] still scrying Cara via her magical name through the orb. Then—Cara was joined by her band, and the entire cast of ‘good’ guys. They vanquished the evil as the sun rose.
A classic video. And the audience loved it. It had action! Drama! Drassi was raving again as the band set up for the last song—which had no music video.
“…So that’s how it is.”
Rémi Canada sat back. He had been taking notes with the second music video. It was so—clear. He rubbed at his neck.
“Anti-scrying orbs. We’re compromised. I’m compromised.”
He looked at Cara. She was bowing. Spreading her arms. It said it all, really. How brilliant.
“We can’t go to Wistram, then. And now they know where she is.”
“You can’t hide if you’re the Singer of Terandria. I get it. We can’t use our real names, Daly.”
Geneva muttered. Her heart was beating fast. She stared at Cara as her band set up. She’d gotten it too. Perhaps the message wasn’t as clear if you were from a country…but that was a fairly universal message.
“Calanfer. That’s which [Knight] it is. And that’s…Noelictus. Half-Elf and Dwarf?”
“Mhm. Does she mean in general or…?”
“Shh. The last song’s starting.”
 
—-
 
Unfortunately, or fortunately…the last song was just a song. Take on Me, by Aha. Of course, Cara performed it to her best. And she could actually sing this one rather than act in a music video. It was just a feel-good song. She performed it in her ‘war makeup’, though. And the crowd loved it.
She had done what she needed to. The message was out there—and her face. At least they couldn’t [Scry] her. She had made a stand.
Come and get me, you bastards. Cara felt relaxed. She went through the song, and then had time to be interviewed by the Drakes in Pallass.
“Miss Cara, that was some amazing singing. And I love the—what did you call them?”
“A musical broadcast. You see, it’s a stage. Acting and music. I am so delighted you liked it!”
The [Singer] was beaming and sitting demurely, the spirit of the [Popstar] who wanted to get her music out into the world. Drassi kept nodding. She had orders not to ask where the music came from.
“I’m told you can buy these song-recordings from Terandria. And Wistram! Now—the first musical broadcast was great. Action. War! I love how it fit the lyrics.”
“Well, I wrote them just for the scene.”
Cara felt a pinch on her conscience. But she was playing the song. Drassi sighed.
“I wish I had that talent. But—the second video had a few interesting qualities, didn’t it? The plot was a bit more confusing. Have you met a [Necromancer] before?”
Yes.
“No. But I think the—the Necromancer weighs on all our minds. It’s just—I suppose you picked up on some of symbology?”
“I…might have.”
Cara leaned forwards earnestly. Time to throw non-Earthers off the track.
“It was about Ailendamus’ war with the Dawn Concordat.”
What? King Itorin II was suddenly very upset. Drassi clapped her claws together.
“I knew it! That army had their flag, right? Is this you being against Ailendamus?”
