7.50
Page 43
“Lady Salkis, please wait! Your father would be worried sick! That inn is not safe. There are Humans—it’s considered a hotspot of dangerous activities—”
She pushed open the door, following the song. Jasi—whom Salkis now had to see more of. The Drake halted as she opened the door and saw, amid the cheering, the crowd, the [Mage] with the scrying mirror asking questions of Jasi—a figure in armor make his escape.
Numbtongue walked back out of the [Garden of Sanctuary]. He had only been there for the music. And to be on the scrying orb, but he wasn’t going to push his luck. He pulled off his helmet as the onyx-scaled Drake came through the door of the common room.
The Hobgoblin blinked at Salkis. She stared at a Hobgoblin. The [Bodyguards] cried out in horror and reached for their weapons before a Mrsha kicked them in the back of the legs with wroth and fury.
Whoa. Salkis looked at Jasi, Numbtongue, and around the inn. She…decided she was going to like it here. After all. She was a ██████████ ██████.
 
—-
 
“That wasn’t stealing. At least, we surely hope it wasn’t. It was a tribute to the Queen of Pop, which amazed us all. And we are [Actors].”
Jasi was giving an interview to the camera. She was panting, but looked elated. Drassi was nodding eagerly.
“And you just—copied it? Like that?”
“Life’s but a stage. And we’re actors who fret every moment, Miss Drassi.”
The [Reporter] chuckled. Jasi looked up.
“And now, ladies and gentlemen. Our actual performance is a play, which we’d like to dedicate to the city of Celum, which is where all this began. We’re actually starting a fundraiser and we’ll be donating the proceeds of the next ten plays and putting on special performances for the cause of rebuilding…”
Something for home. Wesle was smiling and nodding. It felt right. Erin wasn’t the only person who could do something. After all—Jasi was an [Actor]. And she had learned from the best.
Emme introduced the play as Jasi stepped back behind the curtains.
“And now, let us begin, dear audience. A classic—Hamlet, by the Bard of Avon. Please, silence until the play is over. The events on stage are not real—except as stories. We are the Players of Celum, and we pray your indulgence. When the curtains open—the play begins.”
She stepped back. And now—with considerable attention, Jasi playing the Queen Gertrude, Wesle as Hamlet, Kilkran as Claudius, and so on, put on their show.
Updated a bit. Changed in places, with nuance like a Drake wedding a Human man over a fictitious throne and Gnolls in the cast. But quintessentially the same. And they shone.
Erin Solstice emerged from her rooms to find Numbtongue chatting with a Drake she vaguely recognized. Mrsha was trying to beat a bodyguard to death with her paws. Erin pointed to the sign and saw the Players of Celum enter Pallass—and take the world’s stage.
Cara watched people like her.
It was possibly an ordinary day in The Wandering Inn. Or a good moment. Could you have one with the other? As the sun left the sky, and much ado about everything occurred, the stars rose.
The Players got an invitation to Pallass. Cara sent a [Message] to them and got dozens in return. Ailendamus got royally peeved, Erin decided to add another sign people had to walk around in her inn…
Mrsha got a kilt. She used it as a pillow as she waited for tomorrow, which would be even more fun.
The stars shone in the night sky, with two full moons. It was another day.
A Raskghar slowly creaked open the closed shutters of the adventurer’s barricades. It sniffed the air and growled to all of the others.
It was time.
 
 
 
 
