7.50
Page 27
That came from Thien. He grinned as he sat down. [Drummer] he might be—and he could actually play—but he was also pursuing another class.
The world’s first encyclopedia written by someone from Earth was his pet project. Trying to figure out the actual state of the world, catalogue all nations, the effect magic had on the world—he was a [Historian]. But his real class was ‘scientist of the world.’ Everything was an entry in Thien’s book.
It was something he was allowed to do, rather than try to find enough copper coins to survive. All thanks to Cara. The others had time to look for answers, or learn, or recover from what they’d been through. Greg had his opportunity to meet all the lovely ladies of Terandria.
Cara left the wagon, looking tired before she opened the door and announced to her fans that the broadcast was back on thanks to their hard work. Abebi began ordering the caravan forwards. They’d need the security to keep the crowd well back for the first song. And they’d need to coordinate…
It was going to be a performance to remember.
 
—-
 
So the Players of Celum were going after the Queen of Pop’s performance on the silver screen. Or…glass orb as the case might be.
Apparently the show had been scheduled, bumping everyone down, then cancelled—then quickly reinstated. Beza and Montressa were pitching fits. Along with everyone else in the lineup.
“This is not good. She’s got an hour segment. And then an orchestra from Chandrar plays. And then us.”
Emme was grousing. Jasi didn’t understand what was wrong. Temile laid it out for her.
“It’s attention, Jasi. We don’t have to worry about it because the Players are the biggest thing in Invrisil—but think about it from the perspective of the scrying orb.”
The [Lead Actress] tried. It was hard—but she imagined the orb as a kind of stage. Temile nodded to the current broadcast—an intense game of football between two Garuda teams in Chandrar.
“How many people are watching that, do you think?”
“Um…thousands? Tens of thousands. Hundreds?”
“I…maybe? I don’t know. I mean, proportionally, Jasi.”
The Drake squinted at the orb. It was fast-paced, good action. However, she’d seen Joseph’s team playing.
“Well…it’s not the newest thing around. No offense to the Garuda, but I saw the first games of soccer.”
“Exactly. If it’s not new or eye-catching, we get less of the population of whoever’s watching. And the other problem holds true. After the King of Destruction was defeated by the Minotaurs—what was on after that?”
“Ah.”
Jasi saw the problem. If the Queen of Pop was too big, she’d satisfy the audience and leave the Players in the cold.
“Not much we can do about that. We just have to do our best.”
“That’s your role. Emme and I will be trying to figure out ways to spice it up. Just relax—or practice. I’m sure they’d love you on stage. The [Actors] from Liscor think you’re some kind of hero.”
Jasi laughed. But it was true—the Gnolls and Drakes and all the [Actors] besides the original cast looked up to her.
It was…strange being in The Wandering Inn. In Invrisil she was used to the attention. Jasi couldn’t step outside without signing an autograph or shaking a hand. She’d learned some of the pitfalls of fame—it was hard to meet people who didn’t want something from you, or saw only Jasi, the [Actor].
Even so. How far they’d come. Jasi looked across the room. Grev had taken to swanky clothing—although he downplayed it a bit so he could hang out on the ‘street’ with his ‘gang’. He wanted to be a Face.
