7.50
Page 6
Erin said it was their choice and that the entire thing was ‘complicated’ to Mrsha and that she wasn’t an expert. Rose said Chesacre and Thaina were wonderful and used a lot of unfamiliar words.
Mrsha thought Chesacre and Thaina were amazing. Not high on the ‘cool’ list, but they’d gone into the dungeon, survived Headsnatcher, and come back! A thousand Antinium had gone in—and only they’d made it.
That was amazing. And sad. And very brave! Now, Chesacre and Thaina looked at each other, one of their hands holding the other’s, as Mrsha almost always saw them. Then—Thaina raised two free hands as she moved her bowl out of the way. And she said—
I and this one would like a drink too.
Mrsha—stared. So did Numbtongue, Yellow Splatters, and the other Antinium. Ekirra was picking his nose again while staring at the ceiling.
It hadn’t been perfect. Instead of a proper name, Thaina had just pointed. But she had done all the words. With Mrsha’s sign-language!
“You two want a drink?”
The [Soulbard] blinked at Thaina. She nodded.
Please.
That was a drawing-in motion and a half-smile, which, translated into Antinium expressions, was a slight raise and opening of the mandibles. It was…so natural.
How did they know? Of course they knew! Chesacre and Thaina and the other Antinium were regulars of the inn nowadays and they had seen Mrsha signing and teaching other people. But they had never tried to do it themselves. Because it had been Mrsha’s language.
But it wasn’t just hers. Mrsha processed all of that in a moment. Of course. Soldiers couldn’t talk. They had never talked. Their names—their identities had come when they had painted themselves.
Yet—they could have words. Thaina seemed to know what she had done. She put her hands on the table, and then looked at Mrsha.
Your words. May I have them? Please?
The little Gnoll saw the others looking at her. She looked at Thaina, saw the trembling of the fingers, and smiled. Mrsha carefully signed back.
Yes! Today is a very good day.
She saw Thaina’s antennae move. And then Chesacre carefully raised her hands.
Yes.
 
—-
 
Numbtongue’s raid on the kitchens was harder these days. Imani nearly fended him off until he said the slurpies were for the Antinium and Mrsha and Ekirra. Then she let him have them.
“Numbtongue. Are all those for you?”
Erin passed the Hobgoblin with a dozen of the precious snowcones balanced in his arms. He grunted.
“For the table. Ekirra wanted them.”
“Is it too much, Erin? I told him they’re for paying guests—”
Imani stared at Numbtongue. He grinned toothily at her. They had an odd rivalry. Imani, who was terrified of bumps in the night, and most scary things, defended her kitchen from Numbtongue casually wandering in and stealing the fruits of her labor. He had learned she would chase him out or smack him a good one if he tried. Mrsha had gotten the same lesson, incidentally.
“Oh…well, it’s cool. Ekirra’s an exception, Imani and it’s just ice and flavor.”
“You’re not the one who has to shave it down.”
Imani grumbled. Erin opened and closed her mouth and Numbtongue smirked at her.
“By the way, the Soldiers are talking with Mrsha’s sign language.”
He remarked as he walked back to the table. Erin’s nodded absently. Then her head snapped around.
“Wait, what?”
She ran over to the table, after Numbtongue.
“You can talk? With Mrsha’s…? That makes so much sense! Guys! You can speak?”
She looked at the Antinium. After a second, one of the Soldiers slowly raised his hands.
My foot hurts.
Everyone looked at Polkadot’s foot. It actually had a gash on it. Erin’s jaw dropped.
