7.50
Page 9
“He’d better not try making changes without me. But at least he’s busy and not asking for a ballista. Or a catapult. Or a trebuchet.”
Lyonette rolled her eyes. Then she and Erin saw a figure heading down the mostly-empty street. Garry saw a hungry-looking Drake boy in less-than-stellar clothing run up.
“The usual, Kesst? I have a special pie for you. It does not have bugs. Do not look at me like that. One moment…one copper, please.”
Erin turned her head—but Lyonette hugged Pawn and distracted her and the Drake boy was gone with an entire pie before she could blink.
“Pawn! I have the most wonderful news!”
“Really? But how disappointing. I thought I was the only one with a wonderful discovery today. Once again, Erin has outdone me. It was her, wasn’t it?”
Pawn, the [Priest] of the Painted Antinium smiled as he embraced Lyonette back. He had something in his hands…a journal? And a quill.
“It wasn’t me, for once! Hi Pawn! How’s it going?”
“Very well, Erin. And soon to be better?”
“The Soldiers can talk! With Mrsha’s sign language! It’s so obvious—they can’t write, but they can talk!”
Erin threw up her hands. Garry copied her. Pawn’s antennae went still for a moment.
“Oh. Of course. How—wonderful.”
“Pawn?”
The [Priest] clasped two hands together.
“I am overcome with emotion, Lyonette. And I feel foolish that I did not think of it myself. This—this is wonderful news! And it fits. It shall be the last entry I write in this.”
He brandished the notebook at Lyonette and Erin. The two regarded it curiously.
“What’s that, Pawn? Your diary? Hey, that’s not a bad idea!”
The [Innkeeper] saw Pawn shake his head slightly.
“Oh no, Erin. This is no journal. This…is to become our sacred text. I have just added the first entry.”
The young woman saw Lyonette’s head swivel towards her. Her jaw dropped.
“You mean, a bible?”
“If that is the word, yes. I was given to understand by Ryoka that there are many such documents. Conflicting reports.”
“Uh…sort of.”
That was somehow Pawn. He’s taken this to another level that Erin couldn’t follow him to in a moment. She had to process this.
“You’re going to write it, Pawn?”
“Who else but me, Erin? It occurred to me the other day that if I died—”
“Don’t say that.”
Lyonette squeezed Pawn with a scowl. He went on, doggedly.
“—and that I am simply inefficient by myself. There are [Acolytes]. But a written text is reproducible. Why? Is there something wrong with me writing one?”
“Er. N—y—I think I’ll let Ryoka answer that. You might be the right person, actually. Unless there’s a dude who walks on water somewhere. Wait—no—he didn’t actually write anything down. Huh.”
“I could ask Magus Grimalkin?”
Pawn tilted his head left and right, doubtfully. Erin laughed.
“So—what are you writing?”
The [Priest] offered her the journal. It was plain, and the ink freshly dried.
“Everything the Antinium need to know to find Heaven. That is all, Erin. I do not have the confidence to do anything else.”
To him, it was a manual to getting into Heaven. Erin opened it—Pawn had yet to give his text a name. She read, slowly, seeing the neat handwriting of the Antinium, economical with space yet still legible.
 
In the beginning, someone might have created the world. Or, possibly, it sprang into existence due to a number of factors. The world of our reality was potentially created in seven days. Other sources claim different lengths of time or methods. Reports are unclear and unverifiable. 
