7.50
Page 19
Kilkran, the [Blacksmith] with a heart of gold and Yimur, his assistant! Emme, who’d been working as a [Manager] overseeing [Stablehands]. Andel had been a [Potter]—
Slowly Temile relaxed. And then he laughed. Jasi’s eyes twinkled at him.
“We should have remembered what it’s like. We’ve done this several times—but the first restaurant we went to like this we were so terrified. I think we still are, but you know [Actors]. Forgive us?”
“Well, I feel the right fool. ‘Cut me in swain, milady, with a sword, and it ‘twould be a kindness for your tongue’s no less sharp!’”
He muttered. It was a line from Elisial and Jasi’s laughter and her clapping her hands made him relax. Suddenly—the food was ten times more delicious and it had already been phantasmal.
Kilkran came back with a team of the staff, all of whom had his autograph, and a promise to get the goose in exchange for an autograph from all of them. The next course was a cassoulet—magical of course.
“Sixteen different meats, each from a magical animal. For instance, we have Frost Wyvern prime cuts, Roc’s wing, Stelbore—seasoned and prepared separately to remove the gaminess—naturally our vegetable medley is no less magical. The beans, for instance, are the Qizl beans which grow to those fantastical giant vines if given enough mana, overnight as the legends say—”
The others were interrupted by a shout. Pralcem had rapped another of the [Actor]’s fingers as he helped himself to the delicious meal.
“Pralcem, damn it! That’s my fencing-hand! How will we perform later if I’m injured?”
The other Gnoll growled.
“You’ll put a potion on it. Let the [Waiter] finish.”
Temile was half-listening. Orica was looking at the dish as it was served. She spoke to Jasi and Temile as they began the third course with great delight.
“With the Skills of the [Chef], apparently we’ll be full on the courses but won’t fill up. We can go three days without even needing to think of a bite and if we do eat—we won’t gain weight. It’s the kind of thing a Gold-rank adventurer can order before going on a long mission.”
“Fantastic. You know, that [Waiter] could have been one of us. I’m sure he’d pass an audition in the Players of Liscor.”
“Tell him! He might actually join!”
Jasi laughed. Temile shook his head.
“He probably earns more than I—than our Players of Liscor do in a night here than a month of work.”
“Oh—true. Is it just not as popular?”
Some of the others looked at Temile. He rolled his shoulders.
“The difference between a city Liscor’s size and one of Invrisil’s, I’m afraid. But we make quite a good living! Just not this.”
“Wait until you get invited to Pallass, Temile. Your day will come. Then I want some of the money flowing back into our coffers!”
Kilkran laughed and Temile grinned.
“It’s a promise, Five Families willing. Pallass is just reluctant to have us in. First it was because we were mostly Humans—”
“Now?”
“That we came from a Human-city. I can’t win.”
There was good-natured laughter and cursing all around. Two of the others elbowed Jexam.
“Put in a good word for you, Jexam! And you, Jasi.”
“We’re from the north! They won’t take us.”
“Ah, well, maybe after today Temile will have his shot.”
Emme looked around and the table stirred. Jasi smiled knowingly, and so did Wesle and Kilkran, and a few others, but no one elaborated.
“High-level. That’s the difference between us, Jasi. All that time on the road…”
“You had the harder job. Only one of us fought Crelers.”
Jasi looked at Temile’s stump. He flexed his hand and shuddered.
“True enough. Dead gods, but I thought I was truly dead.”
