7.50
Page 12
“Honestly? They wouldn’t be pleased, but if I helped out a bit—I’m a [Mage], Bezale. That sort of makes me a friendly outsider who can help but who’s not expected to be political or get married. I just…”
“You’re being melancholy again. You haven’t been staring at that Erin’s flames, have you?”
Bezale elbowed Montressa in the chest. The [Mage] almost laughed.
“No. No, it’s just—I don’t know what to do, Beza.”
“Mhm.”
“I mean—”
The Minotauress folded her arms and leaned against a wall for a moment.
“I know what you mean. Me too, Montressa. Me too.”
The two looked at each other. And there it was. Mons had been so much younger—years younger, half a decade and thus a quarter of her life ago when Pisces had earned her enmity. Her life had been consumed by her isolation, her grudge.
Now what? What did she have left?
“I…can barely remember being a 1st Year student. Or 2nd Year. What did I want to do before I wanted to put Pisces in jail, take revenge?”
Montressa looked at her hands. Bezale raised her fist to knock.
“Perhaps save it for after we—”
“I wanted to be a great [Mage]. I wanted to become an Archmage. Beza. I want to keep studying magic.”
The Minotauress looked at Mons. She lowered her fist.
“Okay. What’s stopping you?”
“I mean, I want to learn magic. Not just keep up my studies, Beza. Where did that Beza go? The one who was learning in books and arguing with professors? That Mons? We’re more like adventurers these days. We have jobs. We should be [Mages]. Students of magic! We—”
“Hello?”
The door opened and a suspicious face poked her head out. Montressa and Bezale had been standing outside the shop for the last minute or so, talking. The two jumped.
“Oh! Um. Miss…Cedava? We’re Montressa and Bezale. We sent you a letter via Street Runner regarding a meeting?”
The suspicious [Seamstress]’s face cleared. She was, in fact, the best and most-fashionable clothier in all of Invrisil, which was where Montressa and Bezale were. She opened the door wider, letting a bustling shop’s sounds pour over them.
“Of course! I didn’t expect…”
She eyed Bezale. The Minotauress was all charm, though.
“We quite understand, Miss Cedava. Would you like to speak here or more privately…?”
“My backroom. Please excuse me. Sharit? Take over the front for me, please.”
A Dullahan with pins in his mouth made his body wave at the woman. The two [Mages] headed back with Cedava. The [Seamstress] was a bit flustered, and eyed the two’s considerably younger age askance as she offered them some tea. But Montressa and Beza had done this before.
Calm, polite, professional. They’d received lessons from Wistram on how to act. Of course—they were acting in their own capacity here, and that was the first thing Montressa said after the niceties were done.
“We maintain our Wistram contracts, but we’d like to be up front that this is not an Academy business, as we said, Miss Cedava.”
“Of course….”
The woman looked uneasy for a moment. Beza stepped in. They’d perfected this part too.
“Naturally, that’s to everyone’s benefit. Wistram-sponsored is less preferable to relying on the academy’s resources without the political entanglement.”
“I can see that. And you two are running the…”
Mons had a polite smile on her face as she adjusted her posture. There was a way to do this, especially two-on-one. You could be intimidating since the other person was obviously outnumbered. But reassurance was what they wanted here, so Bezale sat a bit back as Montressa took the intimate role.
