7.50
Page 35
The Dwarf’s voice cracked as she clutched at her ornamental armor—she was no [Warrior], she just looked the part. The hardest part with her was deciding whether to ask for a Dwarf woman with a beard or clean-shaven. Cara had gone with clean-shaven—apparently it wasn’t that common.
“Alright. We’re ready! Have the music queued! Wait for Abebi’s countdown! [Scriers]—ready?”
The [Mages] called out .They’d been walked through their route and were beginning to pick up what was happening.
“R—ready!”
“Alright! We get one take, so no mistakes! I’m ready too.”
Cara walked over to the starting point. The [Scrier] took a position across from her, so she was smaller in the background but still visible. The [Makeup Artist] from Earth ran over to check Cara one last time.
“And…”
The scrying orb Abebi was watching had Drassi and Noass on it.
“…wonderful performance of skill at arms by the two [Fencers]. Next, if you’ve been consulting our itinerary, and I know you have by the [Messages] flooding in, we have a special performance by the newest [Singer] to sweep the world! The Queen of Pop! The Siren of Songs! Ooh. The Siren of Savere won’t like that, will she?”
Drassi was reading from her card. These days—Wistram had a free TV Guide to the programs, updated every day at the Mage’s Guild. And featured prominently had been—
Noass coughed.
“Er, the Singer of Terandria has a number of appellations, Drassi. Let’s not delay her performance. I understand we’ll get three of her newest songs. And you can purchase sound-crystals of each song—a recording if you will—from most [Merchants] who carry cargo from Terandria! She’s extremely popular in Terandria and her music is reaching the rest of the world. Have you listened to it?”
Drassi nodded.
“I have indeed! It’s catchy—upbeat, or soulful—and she has so many songs! She’s amazing, Noass. I can’t wait to see what she’s going to sing. I think we’re going live in three…”
The scrying orb flickered to Cara, standing in the background, the sun setting behind her.
Of course—Abebi had been watching the broadcast with a delay. So Cara was already performing.
 
—-
 
In The Wandering Inn, this is what the audience saw. Around the world—they saw the Queen of Pop, standing with the sun setting behind her—but ambient light illuminating the ground more than the sky alone would.
The ground was…torn. Soil and grass had been dug up. And the Queen of Pop? You expected her to be like Jasi, a shimmering mirage of magical products and a wonderful dress, like the other [Singers] who had been featured.
But not Cara. She was in makeup. But her clothing was closer to rider’s clothing—albeit of a quality suiting a lady. And it was—torn along one arm. She had dirt on her cheek, a cut on her arm.
“Is—is something wrong? It looks like she’s been attacked—”
Drassi’s voice came through a second before the sound cut off. And then—the music began to play.
The electric guitar made Numbtongue look up. Daly fell out of his seat.
“It’s one of us.”
On the stage, Greg began to strum to the music coming from the speakers held next to the scrying orb by one of the crew. But the ‘camera’ wasn’t on him. Cara began walking forwards as the music began to play.
Then—the first [Fireball] detonated ahead of her. Everyone watching ducked. Half of the staff on the set did too. If the audience wasn’t under [Silence] spells—they would have screamed too loud.
The explosion was muffled. But the impact and fountaining dirt and bloom of fire? Cara flinched, but she kept walking. And that was the first explosion.
