7.50
Page 11
She laughed a bit at that and Pawn smiled. But then—he did not show her what he’d just written either.
 
In the beginning, there was an inn. And a kind person came there one day. Her name was Erin Solstice…
 
—-
 
An ordinary day in The Wandering Inn. Or unordinary, as it might turn out to be. But either way, it began quietly, without explosions or too much drama.
…How many days had passed since the last event? What counted? The Wyvern attack? Magnolia Reinhart storming into Liscor?
No matter how you sliced it, though, a lot had happened. Even recently, the inn had been demolished and rebuilt, and didn’t that feel like an age ago? And still, here the inn was. Here it remained.
It made Montressa du Valeross feel…odd. Odd, because part of her enjoyed these days.
It was as if she had exhausted all her mana. But instead of feeling mana burnt, or mana drained—she was just empty. Not apathetic. Just empty of the hate and rage and fear.
She had been like that for a while, now. She woke up every day, ate a tasty breakfast, went out with Beza or sat about taking notes, arguing, watching the orb. Studied magic in the evenings…
It was like…being at Wistram Academy.
No. Wrong.
It was like how being at Wistram should have been. How it had been for about two years before her world had turned upside down. That day when Calvaron died, and she became an outcast and her two friends left.
She should have gone with them. No—she shouldn’t have judged them as she did. No—she had her reasons to do that and they had been fair and unfair at the same time.
“It was just a bad time.”
That was how Montressa could accept it. It was not a neat bow on the past. Nor did it clear up the present. Erin still held Montressa at a remove. Her access to the Garden of Sanctuary was…spotty. Mrsha kept pranking Bezale. Her status in Wistram was in jeopardy, if she ever returned. Beatrice would surely kill her.
And was…that fine? Again, it wasn’t great. But Montressa realized she was done.
Done with hunting Pisces. Done with her grudge that had carried her out this far. Forgiving him was hard. But trying to kill him was impossible.
He had done it. Unleashed the undead. He was a [Necromancer]. He had lied to her and…he was also the same person who had linked with Ceria. Killed an Adult Creler.
Someone could be a friend, a hero, hateful and glorious and more at the same time. Montressa wasn’t done thinking it over. But she couldn’t maintain her quest.
Neither did she have a team anymore. Isceil was dead. Ulinde had gone to the Halfseekers, chasing her dream. Palt was…with them and not at the same time.
And Beza? Even she had a different journey, reckoning with Calruz and herself. So where did Montressa fall into all of it?
“You know. Erin won’t kick us out. I don’t think so, at least. Not unless we make a mistake like before. Maybe we could do some spells for her. Temporary enchantments and so on.”
“Mhm.”
The two were walking down a street. Montressa went on.
“And we both earn enough to pay rent and for food and other necessities. I mean, Liscor’s not exactly First Landing. It’s not expensive.”
“Reasonable, yes.”
“So…we could live here forever, couldn’t we? I mean, what else would we do?”
At that, Bezale stopped. She looked at Montressa.
“I’m going home.”
“Now?”
The [Aegiscaster] saw the [Spellscribe], her tall, muscular friend, smile.
“Not now, Montressa. But someday I will return to the House of Minos and I wish to bring back a worthy gift for my people when I do. A…story.”
“I get that.”
“And you have a family. What will House Valeross say?”
