7.50
Page 42
Cara was all the way there. She stared at the orb as Drassi introduced the Players. [Actors]? Were they from Earth? She turned to shout for Abebi to take notes—
And then the orb changed. In it appeared a Drake. Cara sat back.
“Not from Earth.”
She was standing on a stage. And holding…Cara blinked. It looked like a microphone. Glittering—and the Drake had a torn dress. Her scales were glistening. Her neck-spines hung wetly—they were dyed bright green on the ends.
Jasi even had some of Numbtongue’s war paint on a cheek. She looked up. Cara looked at a copy of her dress. A copy of her. Then she saw the stage light up.
A man sat at a drum set. A Gnoll held a backup guitar. And an armored figure wearing a blank helmet stood to the side with a guitar sparking.
“Is this…”
Wesle began hammering on the drums. Thien burst into the wagon.
“Cara! Someone’s playing—”
He saw her turn. Wesle was laying down the same beat—playing as well as Thien had. And then the armored figure began playing the guitar—except properly, not like Greg.
“Holy. Shit. They’re not—”
Take on Me began playing as Jasi began singing into the microphone. They were playing the same song! Cara stared.
The [Actors] had stage presence. They had seen how Cara did it. Now—they were copying her song! And adding to it! Jasi was rocking out and the [Guitarist]—
“Dude. That guy can play! Is that lightning coming from the strings?”
“Someone get rid of Greg and get me whoever that is.”
Cara stared at Numbtongue as he played. His armor and helmet were nondescript—but he’d painted two red eyes and a frowny-face on it.
“He has to be from Earth. That’s a reference to—”
Jasi was singing. Not as well as Cara, despite her [Perfect Imitation]—Cara had more Skills that Jasi hadn’t copied. But look at her. She had real passion. She was laughing, singing—
And she caught sight of herself in the blank scrying mirror on the wall of the inn. Jasi blinked. She stumbled over her words as she saw her reflection.
Look at that Jasi in the mirror. The Drake gave herself a wide-eyed look. Just for a moment. Then—the [Actress] smiled. She laughed and sang with herself. Past and present.
Look at me now.
The Players of Celum grabbed the spotlight from the Singer in a moment.
 
—-
 
Grimalkin of Pallass and Chaldion stared at the unexpected cover of the Singer’s cover of an Earth song. It really wasn’t the point.
“So that’s an entire group in Terandria. They’re not as rare as you thought, Sinew Magus.”
“Thoughts, Grand Strategist?”
The old Drake grimaced. This was getting bigger than even he could imagine. And he’d been able to understand what Grimalkin had told him.
“We need to figure out how large this is. Wistram…Wistram must know. So that means—”
A claw covered his face. Chaldion kept speaking for a second and tried to jerk back. Saliss of Lights slowly pushed him out of the way. And Grimalkin.
“Who. Is. That. Drake?”
He was staring at Jasi. Grimalkin recoiled as the [Alchemist] gazed into the scrying orb and Jasi, who had just finished her song. At her style. The mood. He had seen Cara. But this was a Drake. And her look—
Rebellious. Unconventional. Noass was spluttering about the addition to the lineup, but Drassi was celebrating it. Because it was…youth.
And Saliss wasn’t the only one who was fascinated. Other Drakes in Pallass, other young people in Invrisil, across Izril and the world had something to copy. It was like a wave.
Lady Salkis of Pallass was heading for the 8th Floor. She had never had a reason to visit before but—her [Bodyguards] could barely catch up to the usually-sick or meek [Lady].
