7.51
Page 34
“Why not? If we get money to do it, these rich people will make property. Do you think they’ll come here? Aside from Wall Lord Ilvriss, none of them have ever set foot in Liscor. What does it matter if they’re funding the first district—or the second one?”
It was audacious. Krshia sat back as she tried to wrap her mind around it. It—she was growing excited—it could work! If they had the space.
If they had the space. Lism’s pressing questions to Hedault made sense all of a sudden.
“The other issue is the numbers to build a second district at the same time as the first. We’re employing every [Builder] and [Craftsperson] in Liscor. Even with the new workers—you’re trying to double our output, Hexel’s workforce, with nothing, Lism. What would you do about that?”
The Drake sat back and dabbed at his mouth with a napkin. He gave Krshia a meaningful look.
“To answer that? We need to go to our second and third meetings. We’ll take care of meeting two along the way.”
“And who are they?”
The Gnoll growled. Lism loved surprises. She wasn’t as fond of them. The Drake smiled archly at her.
“They’re your friends, Silverfang. I thought you’d already have guessed.”
He only used ‘Silverfang’ to annoy her or when they were around others. Krshia blinked at him.
“You don’t mean…?”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice stared at Lism. He stared at her from across the table. Erin slid the glass of iced water with no lemon across to him.
“Lism.”
“Miss Solstice. Thank you for meeting with the Council.”
Erin’s eyes slid sideways to Krshia, who was giving her a pleading look. She folded her arms.
“I only agreed because it’s for the Council.”
“I only came because it was for the city I love.”
Lism retorted. The niceties out of the way, Krshia cleared her throat.
“Lism has—a proposal for you, Erin. I hope you will listen to it, yes? It’s only a request.”
“Suuuuuure. What is it? Use my door for fewer taxes? Convince the Players to expand to Liscor? Trade more with other cities? Put a moving-fee on my door?”
Erin looked at Lism suspiciously. He shuffled his notes.
“Not at all. A travel-tax makes sense for Pallass and Invrisil perhaps, but it just impedes business between cities. I’m not an idiot, Miss Solstice.”
“Huh. You don’t say?”
The Gnoll sighed as Lism’s right eye twitched. He went on as if Erin had said nothing and as if Mrsha wasn’t silently giggling on the floor behind Erin.
“It’s come to our attention that Liscor has a number of high-level individuals with…useful skillsets, Miss Solstice. The [Aegiscaster], Montressa du Valeross. A talented [Spellscribe]. The Dwarf [Blacksmith], Master Pelt…even if he isn’t working with Liscor directly, his work benefits us all.”
“That’s not my fault. They just came here.”
The [Innkeeper] raised a finger. Lism ignored it.
“A [Blacksmith], talented [Mages], the connections with other cities are very helpful too, Miss Solstice. The…adventurers for the dungeon. The Players, bringing in revenue and fame. Even the [Footballer].”
“He doesn’t have that class yet. And it’s [Soccer Player], I think.”
Joseph twisted in his seat to scowl at Erin. The young woman ignored him. Lism went on, doggedly.
“This is all—helpful. It has benefited Liscor. Including the ah, Antinium situation. What I’m saying is, Miss Solstice, the Council has determined that we could really use some excellent [Teachers]. Educators for the next generation. Also—more income is always nice. Some trade resource.”
The young woman stared at him. So did Krshia. After a second, Erin nodded.
“Okay.”
The Drake [Shopkeeper] checked his notes.
