7.51
Page 18
“No one’s proud of what they do under stress. You’ve seen me at my worst. I couldn’t even look the Drake who served me breakfast in the eye. I—”
Hexel shivered. His tail constricted around Elirr’s leg.
Gently. Hexel was probably stronger than Elirr. Certainly—better at fighting. He’d told Elirr the story of the first attack—where half his assistants had died. He’d fought off the attackers, though. Killing them. The rest of his team had died as he led them to safety until only three remained. Not the guards, not the other helpers—
At least Elirr had some closure. He had seen the Raskghar die. Walked the ruins of their camp after Erin had led a counterattack—just to know he was safe. He was behind Liscor’s walls and no one had seen a Raskghar in over a month. The City Watch was still vigilant.
But Hexel saw the same species that had attacked his party everywhere he looked. And the Drake’s hostility to Lizardfolk didn’t help.
Hexel was staring out the shop. He could, apparently, see body heat like Elirr and Mrsha could smell people and things. He had to be looking at Drakes; he was tensed up.
A gentle hug for the shivering Lamia. Hexel blinked as Elirr began to stroke his shoulder and head. He laughed after a moment as Mrsha sneezed on a cat and it sneezed back in outrage.
“You’re petting me like one of your dogs.”
“Am I?”
Embarrassed, the [Beast Trainer] nearly stopped, then he tickled Hexel’s chin. The Lamia swatted at him, laughing again.
“You can scratch my chin—later.”
The two chuckled over that and Mrsha shot them a disgusted look. Yes, no keeping secrets around Gnoll children as bright as Mrsha. She knew all the secrets. Perhaps Krshia’s too—for all the Gnoll was trying her best.
“I think it’s time to get you back to the inn, before Erin turns over Liscor looking for you.”
Elirr and Hexel nodded at each other and Mrsha wilted. They left the shop, and became, suddenly, actors in their own play. Only, the audience was everyone and the stakes were high.
Mrsha was clearly nervous as Hexel and Elirr left the shop. She kept staring at them as they walked together. But she needn’t have feared. In their own way, Hexel and Elirr were as good at this act as the Players of Celum.
“Architect Hexel! Inspecting the city?”
“That’s right. Councilmember Elirr is giving me a hand. And showing me the sights!”
The Lamia called out to the first Gnoll they met. He walked with Elirr—not arm-in-arm, but close. Friendly—two distinguished VIP’s in the city, just walking along, greeting people.
Elirr did the same as Hexel, smiling, and giving no clues. Not even smell.
Scent potion. Some might know, but Gnolls didn’t care by and large. As for Drakes—well, the two made a good show of it.
Mrsha’s mouth fell open as she saw how the two were so—good at it. Elirr opened a door for Hexel. They had stopped at the Mage’s Guild to collect any letters.
“This way, Architect.”
“Why thank you, Councilmember Elirr.”
The two winked at Mrsha when no one else was looking. She looked delighted. Elirr just hoped she didn’t make too much of a game of it, but he wanted to allay her fears.
“Let’s see…correspondence from Baleros. Mhm…mhm…is that a letter for you, Miss Mrsha?”
Hexel stared down as Mrsha came away with her own letter from the Mage’s Guild desk. Much to Elirr’s surprise. She opened it.
“It’s from…is it Miss Ryoka?”
Mrsha swatted at Elirr as he peered at it. It was her letter, thank-you-very-much! She read and then signed.
“Horns.”
“Oh. The Horns. Well, very good. And I have…nothing. On we go.”
