7.51
Page 21
“Mm. Slings and tridents? We fish in swamps a lot.”
The two had an enjoyable time aiming at targets. Hexel wasn’t strong, but he was quite sharp. Anything he put his mind to—and it was a very brilliant mind—he picked up. Elirr had already given up playing chess with Hexel. The Lamia could win blindfolded and being tickled.
Neither came close to winning a record—there were actually prizes and you got your name on the wall if you hit the most targets with the most accuracy. One name caught Elirr’s eye.
Bird – 1st Place. Score…
He stared at it. Then laughed and resolved to ask Erin about that story.
 
—-
 
Next on their list of things to do was sample some of the local cuisines. For that, Elirr took them to one of the few farms over a few hills to whet the appetite. They arrived just around lunchtime, and despite Hexel complaining about the grass stains on his lower half, he was quite taken with the cheese-tasting.
It was another thing Elirr knew younger couples did, but hadn’t had the opportunity to do with someone else for a long time. The farm had a number of animals that gave milk, from goats to cows in magical and non-magical varieties.
“This is an Elanda Cheese. Local—fresh. It goes very well melted—you can taste the fruity nature of it.”
The cheese tasting activity for couples or tourist and Councilmember as Elirr and Hexel obviously were, was a fun activity. The Drake [Rancher] offered them any number of cheeses. And wine. The wine made it quite fun.
Hexel enjoyed himself immensely, despite being more carnivorous. He was especially taken by the fondue they finished with.
“Ooh. So you actually melt it all up and dip things into it? We don’t have as many herd animals in the jungles. Centaurs—maybe? And this cheese! It’s so—fragrant! I have to buy some.”
Lizardfolk with their tongues and Gnoll noses made them both good food-tasters. The Elanda cheese was piquant, a word that instantly identified you to other people as having an opinion on food.
Unfortunately, the duo shot themselves in the foot a bit with the fondue and cheese-eating because it slowed both of them down such that neither really wanted to go on that walkabout of Invrisil just at the moment, which was next on their list.
“Why don’t we…sit while we digest?”
Elirr suggested. Hexel agreed, so they headed back to The Wandering Inn, hoping to catch one of the plays.
As it happened, the Players of Celum were still performing to impress Pallass and capitalize on their big success. Invrisil had the 2nd teams, and 3rd teams performing in the Season’s Theatre, but the A-Team, the 1st Team, the originals were performing live.
It was something Elirr and Hexel had to see, but predictably, the inn was packed. Elirr thought he knew packed, but people were crowded up just to stare through the windows. From Invrisil, Pallass, Celum, and Liscor—
“We’ll never get in! We should have stayed!”
The Gnoll groaned in dismay. Hexel was disappointed too—he had never seen the Players of Celum perform. The two looked around, hoping to find a way in.
And as it happened, their ‘way in’ was sitting at the bar, moodily contemplating a life without dessert—again.
“I think you’ve had enough milk, Miss.”
Drassi grinned at Mrsha as the Gnoll child tapped on the counter for a refill. Mrsha sighed. She had been found by Erin and given her punishment—Erin was no fun with hide-and-seek because she could find Mrsha anywhere in her inn. Lyonette had been very mad, too.
