7.51
Page 1
Geneva was inserting a thin fabric which actually had been enchanted to soak up liquids into the opening. She was briskly packing it in. The [Healer] was astounded.
“You can’t do that!”
“And what would you do? Sew him up? Healing potions caused this. This will keep the abscess from growing worse. But it needs surgery. The entire area must be excised. And when the operation is performed—it cannot be with healing potions. Do you disagree, Healer Rediur?”
That was Geneva’s diagnosis. The Dullahan [Healer], who was from Seql’s city, shifted uncomfortably.
“All of what you are saying makes sense, Doctor Geneva. But without potions—”
“Potions caused this!”
Geneva snapped back. It was her hugest problem with this world. She looked at her audience.
Exploring a wound, cutting into the body to remove something like this—even ideas like amputation or sewing up a wound were seen as primitive when a potion worked. Some [Healers] had poultices that could fight infection, but they had no notion of medicine. She pointed at the luckless [Guard].
“This abscess should have taken years to get this bad. But the use of potions accelerates all parts of the body. So while a serious cut might heal—it increases the likelihood of small, preventable ailments turning into medical emergencies. Potions. Are. Not. A. Cure-all.”
She began closing her patient up. The others watched as she pointed at the back-injury, which was, again, not going to kill Ceriche. But he’d been troubled by it for a month and if he hadn’t come to her, he’d have dealt with it the rest of his life. As a [Guard]—it might have gotten far worse. She tried to emphasize that.
“This will not kill him immediately. But each time he uses a potion—it grows. For a regular citizen, it might not affect them for a while depending on how much they might need a potion. For a [Guard], or [Soldier]? He might be dead in less than a year if I hadn’t gotten to it.”
The luckless Ceriche groaned and the others muttered. They’d seen that too. Geneva appealed to their common sense.
“This is why we need to check patients regularly, regardless of age. I realize some species value privacy. I’m willing to respect that. But this can be life or death.”
The Dullahan [Healer] looked uncomfortable.
“Privacy among our species, Doctor Geneva—”
“It’s a physical. If I cannot look a patient up and down, let alone test to make sure their body parts are working, how will I know if they’re well?”
“Trust them to come to you?”
Geneva stared at the Lizardman [Healer] who’d raised a hand with such wroth that he lowered it and backed up.
It was an education. Earth’s practices coming into contact with this world’s. Geneva had vast admiration for the capabilities of magical medicine. You could save someone who had not a chance of surviving a 5-minute trip to the emergency room in a moment. Blood loss, massive lacerations—a single potion administered by a child would save their life.
By the same token—this world couldn’t fight disease or infection nearly as well as Earth. And some of the [Healer]’s techniques bordered on malpractice at times, especially the ones who used healing potions without diagnosing the issue!
Geneva was talking more about her treatment with Ceriche. Occillium helped him too; it was indeed a widespread general anti-bacterial mold. Her audience listened. It wasn’t just confidence that gave Geneva the ability to lecture a sixty year-old Dullahan [Healer] over Level 30, it was her knowledge. You couldn’t so easily fake that, even if you were an excellent con-artist.
“She’s not a [Healer].”
