7.51
Page 22
Mrsha smelled Hexel and Elirr’s unique scent quite by chance as the door wafted them in. She blinked and looked up and saw them by the crowd at the door, looking dismayed. Mrsha saw them staring at the Players and brightened.
Now here was something Mrsha the Secret Keeper could do! She hopped off the bar after leaving a tip for Drassi. The Drake blinked at the notecard attached to the cup.
You are a nice person. Have a good day.
“Let’s see if we can get a seat tonight.”
Hexel sighed as Elirr gave up searching. The two turned to go—and the white Gnoll pushed through the crowd.
“Mrsha? What is it this time? You had better not be running off…”
The Gnoll rolled her eyes and signed quickly with her paws.
“Come, come!”
The two looked at each other. Mrsha impatiently reached forwards and grabbed their hands. She pulled them through the crowd, ignoring the protests.
Straight up to the stage. Mrsha was her own stage-pass and no one objected when they saw her pulling the two forwards. She even found a table for them. Right near the front. She made the [Actors], the Players of Liscor, double-up at another table to make room.
“Why, thank you, Mrsha.”
Elirr was a bit touched by the Gnoll—even if her idea of ‘helping’ was inconveniencing everyone else. He found himself sitting with Hexel in front-row seats as the Players began to put on Elisial.
“Mrsha! Are you causing trouble for—oh hey! Hexel! Elirr!”
Erin shout-whispered over the hubbub as a squad of servers broke through the press with food and drink. She looked at Hexel and Elirr who waved at her.
“I’m sorry, but Mrsha insisted on giving us front-row seats, Erin…”
“Are you kidding? I’d have let you watch from the Garden—but I’m using that to travel about. Good thing you came! The Players are putting on one last show and I haven’t seen Elisial myself. Can I get you anything to eat or drink?”
Hexel and Elirr looked at each other. They had a bellyful of wine, cheese, and they were pleasantly tired from the archery and walk. Hexel nodded at Erin with a smile.
“We’re perfectly lovely, Miss Solstice.”
The best part of all was that it was entirely true.
 
—-
 
Hexel and Elirr’s date wasn’t something Erin picked up on. If it hadn’t been busy—perhaps? Or most likely, again, not. She could be oblivious when it suited her—or just because she really did miss things.
But the two’s moment was noticeable to someone besides Mrsha.
Hexel and Elirr, sitting at a table. Obvious as can be.
Saliss of Lights looked at them and saw it in a moment. Because…you would. Anyone would.
Perhaps not some. The people who would object probably wouldn’t see it. And that was because they were good at pretending what they didn’t like did not exist. But to Saliss? You might as well have shone a spotlight on them. Mirn would have picked them out with his eyes closed, [Protector] that he was.
The two were flirting. Inconspicuously, but clearly enjoying the moment. Sitting side-by-side as they watched the play.
It hurt Saliss with that spear of envy. The Drake was sitting closer to the bar, in a small bubble of space despite the press. And that was because nudity got you that elbow-room.
The Named Alchemist had another shot of Firebreath Whiskey as he watched the two glumly. Saliss hadn’t even been here for them. His business was—elsewhere.
Good for them. Also—I hate you two. That was how Saliss would have vocalized it. Almost subconsciously, he cast about the room.
If The Wandering Inn was a permanent source of entertainment for Saliss, the [Alchemist] had still earmarked several important elements.
