7.51
Page 26
Flowers. They had neatly established their worth as the most important thing Erin Solstice had ever created. Or found. Where in the name of Dragons had she gotten them from?
“Where in Rhir’s hell is Avalon?”
Saliss had seen countless magical ingredients. He’d handled Unicorn testicles, and that was something you had to think twice about! Kraken’s hearts—he’d used powerful ingredients, but the flowers were…out of this world.
Xif and everyone else could never know. The flowers were too powerful. Mind you—Saliss had used nearly a hundred just to make the single potion and countless more in experiments. Erin Solstice was growing more and more, but…
There it was. Maviola El turned, laughing, and dragged Olesm into a tandem duel with Jeiss and Beilmark. She was alive.
How long could Saliss make those potions? And if he could do it for Maviola—the [Alchemist] wondered about Chaldion.
He watched Maviola for a while longer, invisibly. It was too powerful. That was the thing. The only reason Saliss didn’t open up his own farm and hire Oteslia to breed the flowers by the hundreds of thousands? He stared at Maviola, burning, laughing. Saliss knew potions. He knew alchemy and creation and he had his own experience with power.
There had to be side-effects.
 
—-
 
Liscor as it was had been a dreary city plagued by rains. Confounded by Antinium. But a border-city, between north and south. Not as hostile to Gnolls.
That was why she had chosen it. For access—for the potential here. That was Liscor as it had been.
It was hard to remember to Krshia sometimes. When she saw a Human in the streets that wasn’t Erin she stared a bit. But they were already becoming a new normal, like the Painted Antinium.
The new district? It was on everyone’s tongues. You could hear it in the gossip, the streets as Krshia made her way to work—well, one of her two jobs—that morning.
“Did you see the football team this morning? They looked sharp. Think we’ll beat the next team?”
“—walk in the new district. You know, some of those Human shops have some new designs and ideas. The Drunken Gnoll? Fine inn. Very cheap, very affordable. If you’re not going to the Tailless Thief, I can recommend that.”
“Not The Wandering Inn?”
“I mean, for a relaxing time.”
“Ah, right, right. Oh, look! It’s that Soldier. The one with the swirls. See? I told you I knew one…”
The dialogue! It put a smile on Krshia’s face. All of it new. All of it exciting! She passed by a Drake couple exclaiming over a dress.
“I got this from Invrisil! Just—paid to walk through that door, which was hardly anything compared to the dress! There’s so much to do there. You simply must go see, Eshi—”
“But I hear that [Innkeeper] is crazed—”
“Bah, I never had to even see her! Just ask to go through to Invrisil. It was so fast I was in the inn for less than a moment. No Crelers, no Goblins, no blood shooting everywhere—”
Yes, Liscor was changed. Humans on the street—in the Watch, setting up new business. Even competing with Krshia on Market Street. Not that she attended to her stall as much these days. Her [Assistant Saleswoman] was doing a fine job. Very fine; and Krshia just had to manage the inventory with her Skills as a [Royal Shopkeeper].
It was to her second job she was going. [Councilwoman] Krshia Silverfang walked down the street, as people came over to petition her for this or that, or just greeted her.
New Antinium. New Humans. New ways to travel. It was all glorious to Krshia compared to the Liscor-that-was.
