7.51
Page 33
Lism and Krshia were making notes. Krshia knew about the magical animals and had some ideas there, but none of that was particularly appealing. Sage’s Grass sounded the most stable…Lism was nodding.
“Fine, fine. That answers my questions on the walls…now, I’d like you to explain which new enchantments we could buy for our walls. And how much will it cost?”
Twenty minutes more and the thirty-minute booking was up. Without a fuss or asking for an extension, Lism and Krshia rose and bade the [Enchanter] farewell.
“I think that’s it. We’ll consult with you if we have more questions.”
Lism wasn’t exactly gracious, but he was certainly polite and hadn’t wasted Hedault’s time. In fact, the [Enchanter] handed two of the gold coins back.
“A discount for efficiency, which I am offering. Thank you for your time.”
 
—-
 
“Sage’s Grass. Sage’s Grass…the damn stuff is expensive. And fragile. Do you know much about it?”
“I know Erin’s friend, Wailant, he sells it.”
“But it dies. It’s hard to keep growing. Inclement weather can wipe it out. You grow that kind of thing in some workshop in pristine conditions. I don’t know if we can rely on that. And we’d need big walls to prevent the monsters who want to eat it! It’s that damned Golem-paradox, but with walls! More walls for more mana!”
“What about unenchanted walls? We could make them larger, and rely on stone and mortar?”
The two looked at each other. Krshia and Lism began laughing, and then after they’d wiped the tears out of their eyes, they went on.
“So…restaurants?”
The two had a quick lunch at an outdoor café that Krshia had been recommended in Invrisil. They were more…relaxed here. Since there odds of someone seeing them here was lower. Krshia hmmed.
“I don’t need to eat out.”
“My place, then?”
“Very well. Lism. Why are you so fixated on the issue of making the city larger? Hexel has assured us that the city will not reach the limit with the expansion.”
Lism lowered the club sandwich he’d been served. He looked at Krshia and then around, as if they were being spied on.
“The…reservations of new land for the new expansion of the city?”
The district that would make Liscor a third again as large? People like Selys could buy property space. It was one of the ways the Council was making money. Krshia nodded.
“What about it?”
“We’re out of salable plots.”
“Oh.”
Krshia didn’t see this as a problem so she went back to her stew and salad. Lism’s tail lashed a bit; it had been curled up around their chairs for politeness’ sake for the other diners moving about.
“But we’re getting more people who want to buy land, Krshia. I’m talking Pallassian [Senators]. Wall Lords and Ladies from Salazsar. There is a lot of money to be made for Liscor!”
The [Shopkeeper] paused with a spoon raised. That…was a lot of money.
“We cannot offer more. Perhaps we can ask if they want to…invest in existing businesses?”
Lism looked around again. He lowered his voice even further.
“Or we can keep offering them space. Mark up the prices say, 23% due to demand? But offer more space.”
“And give them what?”
Krshia felt the hair on her arms raise. Lism wasn’t a scammer. Was he saying lie to these people? The Drake gestured around at Invrisil.
“More space, Krshia! Ancestors, Liscor has the Floodplains—that’s why I was asking! Let’s just—expand the city a second time.”
“Expand the city. Twice.”
She stared at him. Lism steepled his claws.
