7.51
Page 11
Elirr took another bite of his breakfast as he watched Krshia. Vrrow was the Silverfang [Longstrider Scout] who’d come to make sure everything was in readiness for the Meeting of Tribes. Krshia grimaced.
“I…haven’t brought it up.”
“Krshia!”
“My sister knows. And that’s all that matters. Mrsha will be safe. Better to have her secret from the other Tribes, yes? We are bringing magic in two forms, after all!”
She folded her arms defensively. Elirr relaxed a bit. He wasn’t even planning to go, honestly. But Mrsha—he was protective of her. She had saved his life and besides. She deserved better.
“If she is safe.”
“I will have the Silverfang’s best guarding her. It will not be an incident, Elirr. I promise.”
“Hrr. Well—the issue of Mrsha might be less than that of…Erin. And Ryoka.”
The other Gnoll’s eyes sharpened.
“Truth, Elirr. It will be a Meeting of Tribes to remember. Our gift, our knowledge—our tribe may be one of Izril’s most powerful after the gathering. One can hope, yes?”
“Mhm.”
Elirr wasn’t as passionate as Krshia. In truth—he wasn’t as much of a Plains Gnoll as she was. The Silverfang Clan had come to Liscor to make their fortune and buy magic ten years ago. But he, Elirr, had already been there. Technically as a ‘scout’, but in truth—he’d been retired. All the Gnolls coming here had made him feel more of a Plains Gnoll.
“Are you sure you won’t come? You would be a distinguished member to speak, both as your level and on the…Raskghar issue.”
Krshia saw the older Gnoll stop eating for a moment. She eyed him carefully. Elirr shook his head—as the bread suddenly reminded him of the foul monster parts the Raskghar had made him eat. The cage, the smell—
“Meow.”
A cat spoke next to his ear. Elirr jumped and the cat dipped its face into his glass of lassi. It licked a few times and leapt away as he swatted at it.
“Alamaran!”
The cat, whom Elirr had never managed to sell, flipped its butt at Elirr as he glared. He was six years old, highly intelligent, and—
“Meow. Meoow. Purr.”
—He always gave the impression he was vocalizing what you thought he should sound like since he didn’t deign to actually speak to you. He was far too intelligent, too.
“Damn pest. I should have sold you for catgut years ago. Stop eating that! It’s not cat-food!”
Elirr realized Alamaran had stolen some of the silkap bread as well. For answer, a dozen other cats meowed at him.
Krshia eyed Elirr’s animals, which the [Beast Trainer] raised and sold. Cats were a big Drake-pet. Gnolls too, but Elirr always had a group of them, and some, like Alamaran, were permanent fixtures.
“Has no one ever asked to buy Alamaran?”
Elirr coughed. The cat smirked at him as it bit into the filched food and licked its whiskers.
“Er—a few times. But I do need a smart cat to teach the other idiots. They grow smarter because of my Skills, but they still need to learn. Besides, Alamaran helps with stray rats, slimes, and other things. I can’t keep the cats in the shop all the time; they always get out. Alamaran keeps most of them from harm.”
“Hmm. Interesting. About the Meeting of Tribes?”
Elirr passed a paw over his face and realized his drink was missing. The cats were working together to drag it up a shelf. He and Krshia stared at them. The [Shopkeeper] slowly covered her glass with her hand.
“No, Krshia. I don’t care to go. Besides, I have enough to occupy me here. The Wyvern…Jekle…and other matters.”
The female Gnoll gave him a knowing look as she sipped at her drink. Elirr groaned. Here it came,
The thing about Gnolls. The thing about Gnolls was…
