7.51
Page 29
Alonna laughed as she breakfasted. Jeiss leaned back.
“What’s Lism up to this time?”
The [Shopkeeper] was one of the two unofficial leaders in the room. Krshia led the Gnolls, Lism the Drakes. Not that it was a divide these days. The two had teamed up against incompetence and were working together well.
The [Blacksmith], who’d been refilling her plate, came back to the table.
“Hrm. Some new scheme, no doubt. I’m glad Krshia is with him. She’ll keep his ideas from getting tangled.”
“True that. They’re a good team when they’re not shouting at each other.”
It was remarkable, actually. Jeiss yawned. Raekea sniffed and shook her head. Alonna nodded.
“I can’t believe they could work together. I was sure this would be so—contentious. Didn’t you?”
“At the start, yeah. The election—not pretty. But this is great. And I mean, great. Who’d have thought, right?”
“Mhm. Even so, I can see how it happened. It was just so natural…”
Raekea was nodding as she crammed her mouth full of food. She stared at the door and shook her head.
“I just can’t believe those two are together. That’s the only part that boggles my mind, yes?”
The Gnoll swallowed and reached for a cup of tea. Then she saw Jeiss and Alonna staring at her. Raekea hesitated.
“Ah.”
 
—-
 
The reason Krshia Silverfang had let Lism go on about ‘his plan’ for the day without giving one of her snarky remarks was because she already knew what was going on.
“You don’t have to be that rude to Tismel and Zalaiss, you know.”
Lism was counting coins out of the Council’s vault of funds. Krshia heard him muttering…
“Twenty nine…plus…signing out as Lism, the day of…”
She poked him in the side and he jumped.
“What?”
“You don’t have to be rude to Tismel.”
“And why not? He’s an incompetent.”
“But we do not need enemies. At least give him the time of day.”
Lism turned and glared at Krshia. And there they were.
Rival [Shopkeepers]. Enemies in election and from Market Street. It was not an exaggeration to say they properly loathed each other. Or had.
Even now Lism could grate on the nerves. However. How had they come to this? The two stared at each other. Lism scratched at his spines.
“…I’ll think about it. But if Tismel makes one more asinine comment, I will throw a chair at him. Let’s go.”
He led the way down the stairs of the city hall. Krshia followed, reflecting.
Why? Not many people knew, but it was inevitable some would. Elirr knew. Mrsha didn’t, although she clearly knew someone was in Krshia’s life. Little Gnolls and their noses. But Krshia used scent-bombs too. The problem was, it was inevitable Raekea and perhaps the rest of the Council would find out. They met too regularly.
How would she explain it to Erin? Or…anyone else? Krshia watched Lism strut down the stairs. She had once described Lism as ‘a sack of hot air with an ego twice as large attached’, and she didn’t see the need to retract her statement.
However. There were elements of Lism you had to admit he had. Even if they weren’t likable. For instance, Krshia and Lism had always been competing [Shopkeepers] for business in Market Street. Krshia liked to think she’d always been a bit better—until her stall was exploded by Lyonette.
Yet—Lism could not have kept up with her all these years if he was a complete fool. He was certainly foolish. He tended to make far more enemies than Krshia, who was good at making connections. He didn’t have her eye for quality and had lost out on several trades.
