7.51
Page 15
Elirr’s mouth moved slowly, sounding out her message. He snorted.
“You should have thought of that beforehand. I won’t throw myself in the face of Miss Lyonette’s wrath for you, Mrsha.”
Hexel looked fascinated as he watched Mrsha sign quickly.
“Is that your own language? It looks nothing like the other adventurer code-signs I’ve seen.”
Mrsha perked her ears up. She nodded rapidly. Then she stared at Hexel. She fumbled in her little bag of holding and held out a few cards.
Hi. How are you?
Hexel read the more static messages and got the meaning.
“Mm. Entertained. I’m not angry at you if that’s what you’re asking. Although…will this be a problem, Elirr?”
He cast a questioning glance at Elirr. The Gnoll came over with a cup of tea for Hexel and Mrsha. The Gnoll sniffed and found it was a berry-tea. Balerosian. She smiled and sipped, then scalded her tongue. The Gnoll spoke as he went back for his cup.
“I don’t think so. If we were both Drakes? Yes. And if Mrsha talks about it? Mm—perhaps. Again, more from City Gnolls and Drakes. But I’m a member of the Silverfang tribe and they—oh, Creler eggs.”
He cursed as he sat down and slopped some tea on his vest. It was red—so the stain was unfortunate. Mrsha saw Hexel reach for his side and produce a wand.
“Not a problem. Don’t move—[Remove Stain]. There.”
He tapped the spot and the stain vanished. Mrsha applauded as Hexel ejected a bit of the tea into an unused saucer. She reached for a cracker and the silkap as Elirr sighed.
“Magic. How useful! I envy your class, Hexel. I would have had to find the stain-removing charm while you and Mrsha can just wave your wand.”
Hexel blinked as Mrsha produced a wand and waved it.
“You cast magic too, little one?”
She nodded proudly. Hexel saw her conjure some grass on the table. One of the cats immediately buried itself in the thick grove.
“She’s quite good for a child her age. Anyways, Elirr. I don’t think you have anything to complain about.”
“What do I get? The ability to raise cats who steal my drinks?”
Elirr was guarding his teacup this time from the cats. Hexel opened his mouth and stared pointedly past Elirr. So did Mrsha.
They both saw one of the Aldasian Warhounds slowly dragging out bowls and a bag of feed. It was customized so the dog could open the bag—it poured itself breakfast and the cats food too. Then it pushed the little food-bag on wheels back into a corner. The dog was burly, so she could wedge the bag in a corner such that the cats couldn’t get at it.
Elirr saw the two stare at him. He shrugged, abashed.
“Ah. I forget, sometimes. So they can feed themselves. I teach them that to save time. It’s not er—that’s not that extraordinary—ahem…”
The Lamia chuckled and Mrsha laughed silently as Elirr scratched at his neck. The Lamia was curled up on himself and Mrsha and Elirr were sitting on cushions. Still—Mrsha couldn’t help but notice the two were sitting next to each other. And that they kept giving each other that look.
New couples in the Stone Spears tribe looked like that. Ryoka and Relc had given each other a variant of that look for half a second. Maviola and Olesm…Mrsha folded her arms. There was no need to even intuit however. This was one of the things she smelled.
“Well? Is it an issue? It wouldn’t be in Baleros.”
Elirr sighed. He looked at Mrsha with a resigned look. She uncrossed her arms a bit. There was something…else…
“Not too much. Gnoll tribes don’t mind couples of the same sex. Isn’t that right, Mrsha?”
She gave him a blank look. That wasn’t what she objected to. She was equally upset by all couples. Elirr nodded.
