7.51
Page 24
It was an obvious move. But as Vell and Wikir’s squads retreated—Maviola pointed.
“Press the attack and encircle them!”
The Watch advanced. And as Maviola walked with them—the 4th Company had to retreat. But they were suddenly pressed against the wall of onlookers. And Vell—she held onto the flaming sword’s hilt as her armor began to turn a dull red.
They weren’t going to surrender, even though half were fighting with flaming weapons and the armor was clearly beginning to scald their fur or scales. Olesm raised one claw.
“Enough! Halt!”
Embria looked up at him as the fiery aura winked out around Maviola. Panting, the two squads tossed down their weapons and cursed.
Silence for a moment. Then Maviola laughed.
“And that’s how we Humans held the north against the ‘superior Drake armies’. If you want a second demonstration, I can do it again…”
“I don’t think that’s necessary. Wing Commander—thank you for providing your soldiers.”
“Not at all, Watch Captain. It was illuminating.”
Embria glared at Maviola. Vell cursed as she poured water over her burnt hands.
“Auras? We’d just snipe her or charge in…”
“And that’s why we wear artifacts. And I can defend myself. If anyone wants to try me?”
Maviola retorted. She was armed with a practice sword herself. Instantly, half of 4th Company and some of the Watch volunteered to teach her a lesson.
“I’m gifted with a spear. Why not?”
Embria herself gave Maviola a look. Olesm coughed.
“Maviola, this might not be the moment. Why don’t we go over the outcomes with…?”
“I’d be delighted to, Wing Commander. Just so long as you let me use my Skills?”
“Of course.”
The Human [Lady] ignored Olesm. The [Strategist] stared at her. Was she insane? Embria was nearly as good as Relc, even if she didn’t have his Skills. But the [Lady] blew a kiss at him. Then she lifted her sword.
Embria accepted a practice spear and stepped forwards.
“Just say when you’ve had enough, Lady Maviola.”
The Drake lowered herself into a stance. Maviola grinned—
And her body burst into flame. Her practice clothes, her sword, all ignited. Embria recoiled—and her armor began smoking. Maviola lunged forwards with a shout.
Olesm’s jaw dropped. Maviola slashed at Embria and the Wing Commander leapt back, knocking the sword back. She lanced out, keeping her distance as Maviola parried. She was definitely behind Embria in Skill. But as the Wing Commander began to launch a flurry of blows, Maviola sparked.
The flames covering her turned white-hot for a moment. Embria was blinded and Maviola pressed in again. She had a shield in one hand and the Wing Commander was on the defensive.
“Olesm, she’s not going to win, is she? Because 4th Company will riot if she does.”
Zevara edged over to mutter to Olesm. He shook his head, listening to Maviola laugh amid the cheering and cursing.
“I doubt it, Zevara. I’ve sparred with her and she’s worse than I am. Embria just needs to back up.”
Even so, he couldn’t take his eyes off Maviola. She was—different. She had been so of late. Of course, their relationship was definitely changed by the revelation that she was Maviola El, former Matriarch of the House of El, woman who was decidedly many times Olesm’s senior.
It had bothered the Drake greatly. They’d fought about it, actually. Olesm was outraged she hadn’t told him there was an expiry on her life—even more than the fact of her age. Maviola had been on the verge of leaving—at least their relationship, possibly Liscor.
And then—had come the change. Maviola took a spear-thrust to the shoulder.
“Point!”
