7.51
Page 28
Instantly, Alonna, Jeiss, and Raekea all raised their hands. It was informal, but Lism was here to request the vote. Without it, he wasn’t allowed to proceed. It was one of those new things the Council had implemented; Lism or Krshia or anyone else could make unofficial promises and reach out to people, but they had to inform their colleagues and official ratification required a vote as well.
Since the Council was eight in total, they required a majority of five. And since Elirr was gone, Lism needed Krshia’s vote. She left him hanging just to make him glare at her.
Predictably, two Drakes did not raise their claws.
“What—er—what are the meetings, Lism? I think we should be informed about them.”
That came from Zalaiss. Lism looked at her.
“Need to know, Zalaiss.”
“But we’re Council members…”
“And I don’t need you to show up with the former Council to try and negotiate on Liscor’s behalf. Shut. Up.”
Lism was about as tactful as a mallet to the head. But since Krshia detested the former Council, who had been petty and complacent, this put a smile on her lips. She raised her paw.
“Majority has it.”
The two Drakes of the old guard sagged. They’d clearly been hoping Krshia’s longstanding and public rivalry with Lism would cause trouble. They’d even tried to exploit it a few times—but Krshia knew the score.
So did Lism, because he was already packing up his notes.
“That’s all from me. Does anyone have anything else to add?”
“Krshia, my wife really wants some ah, tickets to the Players of Celum. I don’t suppose you could…?”
“I’ll look into it, Jeiss.”
The Gnoll nodded and the [Senior Guardsman] gave her a grateful look.
“Thank you. You have no idea how much she’s been pestering me about it. And with Relc gone…”
“Just don’t flaunt it, Jeiss. We’re Councilmembers. We don’t get special privileges. We don’t cut in line—Krshia’s friends with that Human. That’s your ticket, not us.”
“Got it, Lism.”
The Drake rolled his eyes, but he nodded. Lism checked his notes and then—looked at Krshia.
“I need a second on these meetings. And since everyone else has work—Silverfang, do you have a moment?”
“I could c—”
Tismel shut up as Lism raised his clipboard to throw it. Silverfang—er—Krshia, grinned.
“Very well, if you insist, Lism. Where are we going to first?”
“I need the funds. Then—we’ll head to the meeting rooms for the [Carers] initiative. We have to meet with—Hedault—in forty eight minutes. And we’re not going to be late.”
“You’re the one who walks slow. Hrm. Are we paying him?”
The two left the Council room. The rest of the council finished their breakfast at a more leisurely pace. Jeiss yawned into his cup; he wasn’t about to race about like Lism. But he and Krshia had the kind of energy that Jeiss admired.
Not like his children’s energy, which was disgusting and boundless, but that dogged go-get-it energy that had led the two [Shopkeepers] to divide Market Street among themselves.
Famous rivals. Now, politicians. Jeiss shook his head. Tismel and Zalaiss didn’t stay to socialize. They skulked off, no doubt to report to the old Council about what they’d learned.
That left the three, Alonna, Jeiss, and Raekea to socialize. Normally with Elirr, but the group was fast becoming friends.
“And how is everyone doing in your household, Jeiss?”
“The kids are driving me insane. Too much energy, you know? And I’m beat from doing two jobs…I really hope we can get Hexel to upgrade the playgrounds soon. Maybe install a spell to suck the energy out of the kids? We could probably power the wall spells with that alone.”
