7.51
Page 14
“I shouldn’t have agreed to it. The first Wyvern was bad enough. Gah. The size of the offal. I had to use a shovel and cut it into pieces to even—”
He shuddered. He was lucky he had Jekle young. The Frost Wyvern would learn a lot faster. In two or three years he might be trained enough—and he’d hopefully go to some caring owner.
Fissival had Wyverns. But not Frost Wyverns. Elirr chuckled.
“The only thing worse than a Wyvern is…”
The shop’s door opened. Elirr turned.
“We’re cl—”
He broke off as the person he’d been waiting for came into the shop. Hexel grinned.
“What’s the only thing worse than a Wyvern?”
“Ah, hello there.”
Elirr straightened. He’d combed his hair and had on clothing not covered in cat hair—but he always felt scruffy. Hexel by comparison? Gleaming scales. Not showing an inch of his age. And they were actually around the same age!
But a Lamia would live longer than a Gnoll—possibly twice as long. The two smiled at each other.
“Bears. Bears are troublesome. And you would not believe how smart Sand Octopi are. Worse—they have little suction cups on their tentacles, so they can even open jars and hide in small places. Bats? Wyverns are big, but not the worst. How are you doing today?”
“Quite well. I had a rough wake up and it was a busy inn today—but I feel better now. You’re looking rather dressed-up.”
“You can tell?”
Elirr straightened a bit. Hexel grinned. He slithered over, his lower, serpentine half undulating across the floor. The grey-haired Gnoll smiled. He’d often debated dying his fur, but—distinguished.
“Do you think we have time for some tea? I had a Yoren with Krshia with those mangos, but my cats ate it all.”
“No, really?”
Hexel laughed. Elirr gave him a straight-faced look. That only made the Lamia laugh harder. He leaned against Elirr. Almost instantly, his lower-half coiled around the Gnoll.
Gently. But Hexel was closer to snake than Dragon. His upper half was humanoid, albeit still snake-like. But his lower half? Like the giant snakes of Baleros, strong, sinuous. It was possessive. Elirr looked at Hexel, already smiling.
And then the door chimed softly. The two looked over.
Mrsha froze next to the door as a gang of cats stopped her from leaving. She had snuck in, undetected, and was sneaking out as Alamaran and his posse cornered her. One of them had actually triggered the chime.
“Meow. Got you. Meow.”
The cat grinned at Mrsha. He hadn’t actually spoken, but the self-satisfied look on his face was clearer than even Mrsha’s sign-language. The Gnoll child looked up at Elirr as he and Hexel stared at her. She waved and held out a card. Hexel took it.
Hi.
 
—–
 
Second breakfast was an agreeable notion to Mrsha. The mean cats were not. They’d foiled her daring escape! She’d seen Hexel meet with Elirr and gotten nervous they were going to do disgusting things. But the cats had gotten her caught!
Anyways, she was now having second-breakfast with the two. Elirr was fussing over a tea set and Hexel was staring at her.
“I heard you were a little rapscallion. Didn’t you try to steal my breakfast one time?”
Mrsha waved a paw shyly. Now she was actually talking with Hexel, she was a bit nervous. She liked him, but she didn’t know him.
Elirr on the other hand seemed to know Hexel well. He called over his shoulder.
“Young Gnolls steal food all the time. Mrsha though—she’s quite a pawful. I suppose she must have left the inn without a guardian. We should return her.”
Aw. Mrsha’s face fell. She signed with her paws, and then waved at Elirr for his attention.
“I don’t want to get in trouble.”
