7.51
Page 39
He waved at her for silence, nudging her for once. Krshia let Lism go on.
“Maybe. If someone stood outside the city with a flag and stopped a damn army from taking the city—that’s not an outsider. If they’re pesky Gnolls—that’s one thing. If they’re members of Liscor, that’s another. If it’s damn Antinium, they can all drown. But a Liscorian? A Liscorian fights for their home. Makes it better. If I was going to respect…anyone…I’d respect that.”
The Drake looked past Krshia. She stared at him. Had he just said…?
“You’re sentimental. You’re saying—”
He slapped at her paws.
“It’s a good mood. Stop ruining it, Silverfang. It’s just…look at us now.”
The two Councilmembers stared out the window. The sun was setting. Lism murmured, half to himself.
“I could have never imagined I’d be here. Doing this. It all feels new. I feel alive. It feels like—I’m dreaming of a better Liscor. And pulling the pieces out of the sky.”
It was a moment like that when a kiss would be appropriate. And since Lism was busy being distracted, Krshia did it for him.
She still wasn’t sure why. But it was that attraction—part dislike, part an odd infatuation. The two remained there, in the conference room.
In the inn, Elirr and Hexel were sharing a drink in the quiet as the Players of Liscor took the stage. Numbtongue was missing. Grimalkin and Chaldion were gone.
Olesm and Maviola were talking about tactics with Embria and Zevara. Palt, Montressa, and Bezale were in Pallass facilitating some of the business contracts. The Gold-rank teams were attending a fancy party.
The Raskghar were climbing out of the dungeon.
They had ropes. They had been waiting. They had the plan.
Why now? Why not now? Perhaps—because it was darker. The shadows were rising. The [Guard] was rotating on the walls for dinner. Less alert.
Perhaps it was just the moment.
They emerged, sinking into the grass that was high enough to hide them. First, ones and twos. Then dozens. Then…
All of them. Every Raskghar in the dungeon. None remained. None living.
At first, they began to crawl. But it was a long way to Liscor. So—after ten minutes to rest from the climb, to look, gauge—they got up and ran.
The moons. The Raskghar were faster. Smarter. And they ran.
Straight for the city. Liscor. But not all of them moved in the same group.
Most went for the open gates. But a group of—dissidents—split off. They headed for the inn. And their loping run picked up.
Faster and faster.
Someone saw them. How not, with nearly two hundred Raskghar racing across the Floodplains? Thirty were coming at the inn. They saw a shape standing in the unfinished tower. A flicker—
One of the Raskghar dove, but the arrow curved and hit him in the leg. A glancing shot—the second arrow dropped from the tower a moment later. It was followed by a voice.
Bird. Where everyone left, he remained.
“RASKGHAR! ALARM! ALAAAAAAAAAAAARM!”
His voice cut through the pleasant silence. Mrsha, lying on her back, opened her eyes wide. Hexel and Elirr froze.
“Alarm! Sound the alarm!”
The [Guards] on the wall saw the Raskghar coming. Someone began ringing the bell, summoning the Watch Captain, Olesm, and everyone to the walls. The Watch grabbed for their weapons, aiming them downwards.
But the Raskghar charging at the inn didn’t slow. They were so fast. And this group wore armor. Bird loosed another arrow and a Raskghar blocked it. They were too fast.
“[Piercing Shot].”
One fell. Then another. Bird rained arrows down on the Raskghar.
…Three…
But they were coming up the second hill separating them from the inn.
