7.51
Page 27
Still, someone had to complain. As Krshia entered the City Hall and headed for the meeting room, she heard the familiar voice that usually grated on her ears. Over ten years of hearing him and Lism could still annoy Krshia.
“And why couldn’t Elirr make it? We all agreed to meet every morning. It’s morning, and unless I missed the end of forever, I assume it’s ‘every’.”
“He deserves time off, Lism, you fool, you. Let him escort Hexel around the city. Or is keeping our [Architect] happy not more important than the daily meeting?”
The Drake looked up as Krshia entered the room. So did the rest of the Council.
There they were. Jeiss, sharpening a dagger with a whetstone and yawning over his morning cup. Raekea, smelling of soot from work, Alonna, doodling in the air with a wand as she listened to Lism rant, and the Drake [Shopkeeper] himself.
Krshia’s eternal rival. Even here. He turned and gave her a look.
“Silverfang.”
“Swifttail. I can do it too. Do you ever grow tired of complaining, Lism?”
“Only someone who thinks there’s nothing to improve doesn’t complain, Krshia.”
The Drake gave her a supercilious look. Krshia rolled her eyes, but she sat down across from him. Yes, the entire Council was here except for Elirr, who was busy with Hexel in ways that would make Lism’s tail fall off.
Tismel and Zalaiss were sitting in a corner. Not of the room, but metaphorically. Their usual protests and complaints had been reduced to just sitting there, dreading what was happening next.
Rebellion had taken Liscor. The former Council, who had been made up of the right sorts, with the right backgrounds and perspectives had been replaced by the mob.
[Shopkeepers], [Guard], [Mage], [Blacksmith] and [Beast Trainer] were the Council. Not—the Guildmasters of old, landowners, and so on. Alonna was close—but she was with Lism and Krshia and the rest.
So that was one of the reasons why Krshia sat down and actually nodded to Lism.
“Good morning to you all. I trust you all had a good night, yes?”
“Quite well. Although I was up with that craziness around the Players of Celum.”
Alonna yawned as the others murmured agreement. Lism was muttering.
“I have a lot to get to. Just proposals I need you to sign off on. Oh—good morning.”
“Er—what’s on the roster today, Lism?”
Tismel’s voice quavered as the others helped themselves to food—this time from Raekea. Since Krshia had had breakfast with Elirr, she only took a small bit to be polite. Lism ignored the other Drake.
“Since we don’t have Elirr or Master Hexel, I think we’ll hold off on some of the plans until tomorrow. I’d like to discuss a change to the city’s new plans…”
“Again? Dead gods, how many is that?”
Jeiss raised his brows. Lism shook his head.
“It’s always to Liscor’s benefit. I’ll run it past you all tomorrow. I just need to make sure it’ll work.”
Krshia munched on a scone as she listened. That was Lism. Taking charge and running this like he was the leader. She was almost tempted to interrupt, but—well, she didn’t have anything to lay in front of the Council. They had daily meetings these days, in case something like Erin occurred, but it was sometimes just a twenty-minute meeting to socialize and eat before they went about their day.
But Lism clearly had a plan. He went down the list.
“I’d like you all to authorize me to go to…three meetings on behalf of the city. Make temporary agreements and I’ll run them past you. I’ll also need a two gold and eight silver budget for one of the meetings—and twenty six gold pieces for my [Carer] initiative. Can I get a quick vote on that?”
