7.51
Page 9
The Drake hurried into the kitchen and came back with the pre-made food, heated up in less than a minute. Hexel sighed and thanked her. Only when she was gone did the three Lizardfolk assistants begin whispering.
“Master Hexel, did you see the play yesterday? It was on the scrying orb?”
“I missed it. And you all didn’t show up to help me fix that building those idiots decided to put up. The scaffolding would have collapsed in a day.”
The Lamia grumbled. The Lizardfolk tried to look innocent. It didn’t fool the Lamia.
He was one of the Naga—a broad term for the higher forms the Lizardpeople of Baleros could become. He was used to herding the easily-distracted, often childish Lizardfolk around. And they were children compared to him. You could have perfectly mature Lizardfolk who were old—but their natures were such that a Naga was always just…wiser, stronger, more intelligent by nature.
Not that his assistants were stupid. They were some of the best [Builders] and [Planners] and so on of Baleros. And his…team…had been eighteen of the finest.
Now, they were three. Hexel still dreamed of it. So did his apprentices.
“Fine. Fine. It’s just doing some alterations. A non-busy day since the workers are laying down the foundations, mainly. Take the day off. But don’t you dare cause trouble!”
The Lamia came to a quick decision after thinking of that. His three Lizardfolk apprentices brightened up.
“Really? No take-backs!”
“Go.”
They ran off to join the hubbub around the Players. Hexel smiled—and then bit into his rat. It was one of the fat ones, not a ‘rat’ rat, but closer to a regular beaver in size. He was glad the new [Cook] was working. She had the guts to prepare one; Erin had just given him a horrified look when he’d asked.
The Lamia ate and drank, observing the chaos around him. It did indeed remind him of home. There was something very Lizardfolkish about Erin. It was a shame—another time his entire team would have been part of this inn’s drama. But they were withdrawn. He’d given them time off because this was a chance for them to be their old selves.
As for Hexel? Part of him that was still the young Lizardboy wanted to stay. But…he put his cup on his plate, uncoiled, and slithered towards the hallways.
“Anyone for Celum? Anyone for Esthelm? Excuse me, no pushing! Wait for people to leave before entering! Thank you!”
One of the staff was shuffling people in and out. Hexel waited. He knew he was getting looks. He was a Lamia alone. But he headed into Liscor, via the magic door and proceeded down the street in the morning light.
More people stared at him there. And he felt distinctly less welcome. Lizard. Among Drakes. He really had thought it was just some joke, or an exaggeration.
More fool, he. Hexel was alone. He felt it in Liscor. And the past—it never left you completely, especially when it was so fresh.
It might have made him want to pack up and leave for Baleros, abandon his contract. Who would have blamed him? But there was always light even amid clouds. Hexel took a deep breath.
He really liked The Wandering Inn. But—he didn’t stay there. Because for all Erin Solstice was entertaining, amusing, and kind—she was that for everyone.
He had his own Erin of a sort.
The Lamia left. He never noticed the white Gnoll slyly leaving the inn and padding after him. Mrsha had always wondered where Hexel went every day. Today, she was going to find out.
Also—she didn’t want to wear a skirt.
 
—-
 
“The Meeting of Tribes will begin soon. Are we cutting it close?”
