7.51
Page 43
An unexpected victory. Or was it? Lism stood with Krshia as the Raskghar were taken into custody. They were…prisoners.
The Gnolls wanted them dead. Krshia was opening and closing her fists. Already—Zevara had a wall of Drake and Human [Guards] blocking the Raskghar, but Gnolls were grabbing weapons, vowing the Raskghar would be dead. Elirr stared as Hexel protectively stood in front of him.
Raskghar in Liscor. And at this time? Lism looked at them.
“A gift for the Meeting of Tribes?”
Krshia turned slightly to look at him. Her eyes flickered, then she shook her head curtly.
“No. A warning.”
It changed so much. And as the Raskghar were being led towards the jail, and the [Healers] were shouting for everyone to stay back because the magical plague needed dispelling—and Zevara was demanding Occillium for her prisoners while she argued with Olesm—
Someone coughed. Lism and Krshia turned. They saw three dozen Drakes, standing behind them. Packhorses loaded, each one dressed up. The Drakes looked rather offended. And rather different than Liscor’s Drakes.
“Er…hello? Can we help you?”
Lism stared at the Drake. The other Drake, wearing a wide belt of gold and ornamental armor sniffed at him. He looked around the city, at the Raskghar with distaste, and gave Lism a sophisticated salute.
“We are the delegation from Hectval. It seems we have come at an eventful time. However, I trust we are expected?”
Lism and Krshia’s jaws opened slightly. The delegation from Hectval? They’d all completely forgotten. The [Emissary] or—was he a leader of the Drake city?—stared suspiciously at Lism.
“We are expected?”
“Of—of course. Pardon the interruption. Our city was just attacked by…that’s why we’re here. Members of Liscor’s Council. Greetings! Hectval’s emissaries! Welcome to Liscor!”
The Drake looked around. Lism and Krshia exchanged a glance as Zevara’s head turned and Lism desperately looked around, beaming as he shouted.
“The delegation is here just as planned! Just as planned!”
And the ordinary day became one filled with…Raskghar. Delegations. And more. Amid the chaos, which wasn’t Erin’s fault this time, a figure watched in the crowd.
‘Bearclaw’ grinned and then slipped away.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Another cliffhanger ending? But you can see why, right? Right?
I…intended this to be 20,000 words. Look at me now. Don’t I look silly? Hah. HAHAHAHA. But anyways, we’re continuing. Liscor! Erin! Are you invested! Were you surprised by any part of the chapter?
Let me know! I’m very tired—and hungry—but the chapter is done and we’ll get another one in…a few days! It’s almost as if I don’t have a long break between chapters!
Anyways, I’m leaving you with some great art. Enuryn had made an animation of Mrsha snoozing in the Garden of Sanctuary! Surfator has created their map of Liscor in the spring and LeChat, the original [Prolific Artist] has a bevy of amazing art! Check it out and thanks for reading!
 
 
A map of Liscor by Surfator!

 
Art, memes, and flying [Witch]-Erin’s by LeChatDemon!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal 
Stash with all the TWI related art: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Sleeping Mrsha by Enuryn the [Naturalist]!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat

 

