7.51
Page 25
Vell shouted triumphantly. Embria backed up; her armor and weapon were smoldering. She narrowed her eyes at the [Lady].
“You’d not heal that with my spear.”
“And I’d be wearing armor. Come on, I’m not dead yet even if I am bleeding! If I was fighting seriously, you’d be on fire the instant you came at me!”
Maviola lashed out. The Drake had to back up. Even 4th Company looked rather impressed as Maviola took a second thrust to the chest but kept charging in.
Fearless, fiery—that was Maviola as Olesm knew her. But there was a twist on her personality. Even Zevara, who had not known Maviola, could see it. She kept looking at Olesm.
“What’s happened to her?”
“I…don’t know.”
The Drake stared at Maviola, whom he was decidedly back together with. He felt sore.
His calves were really sore. They’d gone for a hike this morning. A ten mile hike around the Floodplains before lunch. And this was with Maviola, who claimed she’d done enough walking for three lifetimes.
Something was definitely different. And only the Drake, leaning against a wall nude as could be—and [Invisible]—knew what it was.
“One was incomplete. My potion changed only one thing. This—this is truly…”
Saliss had no fear of being seen with the commotion. Only Maviola could have picked him out. The Named Adventurer felt at his neck-spines. He’d thought he’d sensed it right after Maviola had taken the potion, but he’d been distracting everyone and hadn’t gotten a chance to gauge her properly. But it was clear.
This is what had happened. Saliss had made a Potion of Youth.
Another Potion of Youth. And he’d given it to Maviola El.
For free! That was already the kind of event that would have shaken Pallass if it had been known. Certainly—it would have killed his brokers, and the [Auctioneers] who made a small fortune off of each sale. Come to that—Saliss had passed up two fortunes because the cost of this potion had been a fraction of what a Potion of Youth normally cost in ingredients.
Magical, miraculous. Saliss had found something as revolutionary as Sage’s Grass or Eir Gel. He had created a Potion of Youth with Octavia’s help. But—it had been different.
Color was a big hint. But Saliss had felt this potion wasn’t the same as the other Potions of Youth he’d made. So he’d given it to Maviola because she was down to one last potion and because she was willing to try it.
And this was the result. Saliss understood in a single moment, as Maviola and Embria concluded their duel and the two walked over to shake hands. Embria was grudgingly impressed and Maviola actually embraced the Drake.
Youth. Maviola flicked sweat-soaked hair out of her eyes. True youth. She rubbed at her shoulders.
“Anyone else want to try fighting an aura? It’s been a long time since I did this—but I met a [Knight] from Terandria who could do—this.”
She tossed her burnt practice sword away and raised her hand. A flaming sword appeared in her grip and everyone gasped.
That was a powerful aura. Stronger than the older Maviola could generally summon. And that was because this new Maviola burned. Her spirit wasn’t that of a woman ignited in the last hour of her life. This was Maviola El as she would have been in her mid-twenties, just with the memories of the past.
It made her impetuous, reckless, and vivid. It also meant Saliss…had found it.
The only question was how long it lasted. If it was a week—or even close to it—and if the flowers did what Saliss thought and could be applied, like the Potion of Youth’s recipe to the more powerful Reverse Age Potion…
