7.51
Page 35
“Perhaps some kind of magical animal? Not Wyverns. Some kind of peaceful herd-animal. We’d also accept technologies…a new industry? The Council is willing to reward substantive contributions to the city.”
“Okay?”
The young woman gave Lism the most blank look Krshia had ever seen. Lism looked at her and then at Krshia. Her mouth was hanging slightly open.
“Just keep it in mind, Miss Solstice. Thank you for your time.”
He rose to go and offered his hand. Erin just stared at him. Lism withdrew it and marched out of the inn. When they were headed back to Liscor, Krshia hissed at him.
“Are you stupid? There is no way she can just pull out a Level 50 [Teacher] out of her pocket!”
Lism looked at Krshia.
“Probably not. But did it cost us anything to ask?”
The Gnoll woman hesitated. Lism nodded.
“That’s what I thought.”
Behind them, the Players of Celum were headed into Invrisil. And they had a special guest, drawn by the power of salt-geese and his new disguise.
The Players of Celum—and Eltistiman and the [Bodyguards]—left with Numbtongue chortling beneath his helmet and full-body armor. Most of the crowds followed them, and the Pallassian contingent including Grimalkin and Chaldion returned to the Walled City. As for the Antinium? Most were out of the inn. And Krshia and Lism went to meet with one more in City Hall.
 
—-
 
The last meeting for the two Councilmembers happened after lunchtime. There was a bit of a delay, because their contact wasn’t ready.
The Antinium Hive was in a tiny bit of a panic. Because Lism had refused point-blank to meet with Xrn. And she was busy anyways.
Fortifying the Hive. The [Thaumaturge] was drawing glyphs on the wall. Casting spells. She spoke to Pawn and Yellow Splatters.
“If they attack the Free Antinium, they will try to cast [Earthquake]. They will fail.”
Her eyes shone with mischief and passion. Green and pink. Pawn and Yellow Splatters looked at each other. The Hives’ tunnels had always risked collapsing in bad quakes. But with Xrn—the Hive would become impregnable.
If the Antinium were going to war. Were they? Well, the negotiator chosen by Xrn to represent the Free Antinium was hurrying to the meeting spot.
And Lism was talking with Krshia.
“What does Liscor have, Krshia? If we assume a city, a nation has to have a specialty, what’s Liscor’s?”
“The army?”
It was what gave Liscor money and what they were famed for. Krshia counted the rest off on her fingers.
“Shield Spiders? Liscor used to manufacture gear out of them. The spring rains…location…the dungeon.”
“Yes, but these things aren’t what I mean, Krshia. We have to have something if we want to compete with Invrisil and Pallass.”
Lism ignored the look Krshia gave him, half-exasperation, half…
Look at him. The ego of a puffball fish. Compete with two of Izril’s largest cities? But Lism was willing to argue with [Senators] from Pallass, demand Liscor be the spot that the first football game took place because it had begun there.
Even so. She dutifully played along.
“What else do we have then, Lism? The inn?”
“No, not that. That’s a person. What do we have as a…resource? Think of our guest.”
Since he said that, Krshia frowned.
“You mean the Antinium?”
Lism nodded.
“They’re the largest building force in the world. A second army, but we can’t use that. If we build a second district at the same time at the first…”
“You want to hire them? Lism, we fought about this during the election and afterwards! For weeks! You campaigned on that!”
“And we’ve hired every Drake and Gnoll in Liscor. So? Circumstances have changed.”
