7.51
Page 16
“Mrsha. It is important you don’t say anything. To Visma and Ekirra, or anyone else, understand? It could mean tr—danger for us. Do I have your word?”
Mrsha scratched at one ear.
“Not even Lyonette and Erin?”
“…Not even them.”
Elirr sighed. Mrsha hesitated.
“Numbtongue?”
“Y—no one, Mrsha. Understand? No, but you wouldn’t…”
The Gnoll looked exasperated. Mrsha signed again.
“Why?”
This time it was Hexel who answered.
“Because some people won’t like it. And I might go, but Elirr has to live here. They can be unkind, little Mrsha. Does that make sense?”
Mrsha and Elirr both stared at Hexel. The Lamia looked at both of them.
“What? I understood that word. It’s a very intuitive made-up language.”
He was a Lamia, after all. Smartest of the Lizardfolk’s evolved forms. Still—she didn’t quite get it.
“Is it because you two—”
Here Mrsha made some rather graphic gestures and Elirr swatted her paws down. She gave him a hurt look as Hexel collapsed against him, laughing until he nearly spilled his drink.
“Yes, Mrsha. Hexel, stop laughing. This is serious.”
The Lamia pulled himself upright. He looked at Elirr, and shook his head.
“Only on Izril. And Terandria, I suppose. I thought Gnoll tribes didn’t care?”
“They don’t care, but oh—there’s a way about it.”
Elirr rubbed at his face. Mrsha scooted closer to the table as a big dog snuffled her and she patted it on the head.
“Krshia was saying this morning—how did she phrase it? ‘If I had a Gnoll wife, she’d be angry with me’. It’s like that, Hexel. Gnoll tribes are mostly more understanding. But you still have to be part of the tribe. Make babies. It’s why I left.”
“Ah, that would bother me almost more than being hunted. You can have it halfway?”
Hexel grew somber. He and Elirr looked at each other. Hexel…with less of that knowing look adults had than Mrsha. They were on the same page.
“I suppose. It seemed better than Drake cities to me, but I didn’t think other species were…is it really not an issue in Baleros? At all?”
Elirr sipped from his teacup. He looked so grave. Mrsha saw Hexel’s tail twining around his foot. The Lamia grew still.
“I didn’t say that. Dullahans hate it. But Lizardfolk? The Nagas aren’t opposed. We’re not exactly easy to separate out, some of us, Elirr. So I suppose we’ve always been like that. Not sure about Gazers—but Centaurs are very bad, sometimes.”
“So not perfect. That’s…almost reassuring.”
Elirr went back to fill the cups. Mrsha looked at them.
“What are you two talking about? Sex?”
The adults stared at her. Then they looked at each other and sighed. Wonderful. And it was their day off, too!
 
—-
 
It was hard—explaining something that everyone knew to Mrsha. Especially from the perspective he didn’t have.
Cruel. Perhaps that was why Elirr didn’t like it. He saw Mrsha staring up at him as he tried to tell her why people might object to him and Hexel doing something as innocuous as twining tails together.
And why it might not be just harsh words.
She understood at last when Elirr told her what Drakes called their people. Turnscales. Mrsha had heard that word in a few of The Wandering Inn’s rare fights not started by Erin. That word got tossed in sometimes and always started a brawl.
“Do you remember how they thought of you, Mrsha? Some—not all, but some might treat us the same.”
The little girl’s face fell. She played with some of the silkap bread and kicked her feet.
“Meow. Purr.”
