7.51
Page 32
“Mm. But could you maintain Liscor’s walls? The reason I’m asking is that our [Architect] says there’s a finite limit on how large Liscor can expand. I’m asking you for a second opinion.”
Lism slid over a plan of the city. So that was what this was about. Krshia remembered Hexel saying that there was a limit a few meetings back.
Hedault regarded the blueprints with interest, but he didn’t need to consult them.
“From an [Enchanter]’s standpoint, Master Hexel is entirely correct, Councilmember Lism. Any city has a limit to the enchanted defenses it can maintain.”
“Why?”
Hedault tapped a finger twice against his wrist.
“Aside from the complexity of maintaining so many spells and the cost of enchanting that much space? The limit is in mana-draw. Are you familiar with the Golem paradox?”
The two shook their heads. Hedault nodded and adjusted his spectacles.
“In brief—a Golem can create itself in theory. One Golem can make another if of sufficient quality. But each Golem requires mana to function. Their Golem Hearts draw from the environment. So there becomes a limit of how many Golems that can be made. However, there are ways for a Golem to generate more mana. But to generate more mana to build more Golems, you need more Golems to generate more mana to build more Golems…it’s a famous paradox which many nations have tried to solve to lesser or greater degrees of success over the years.”
“So you’re saying that Liscor’s running into it? Because we’re getting too large?”
Hedault nodded.
“Wall enchantments require mana to recharge and function. When Liscor grows to a certain size the draw will be greater than ambient mana generation. So the walls will eventually self-destruct. Liscor is not near that size…but the expansions will hit that limit soon, especially with regular enchantments within the city. Invrisil has the same issue; hence the lack of enchanted walls.”
Krshia and Lism exchanged a look.
“How do they solve it?”
“Mm. Well, the lack of walls helps Invrisil, as do the populations of [Mages] which add to the ambient mana gain. Invrisil was also built on a ley line so the issue is not there—yet. But Lady Reinhart has regulated particularly intensive spells, much to the magical community’s appreciation.”
Lism’s face twisted a bit at Magnolia’s name. He glanced around the [Enchanter]’s abode, tail lashing a bit as he thought.
“So you’re saying—any city has limits unless they bypass the limit?”
Hedault raised his brows.
“Yes. Although there are exceptions, many cities with enchanted walls—especially Drake cities—have that limit. The most notable examples of successfully bypassing that limit are of course the Walled Cities. But whatever allowed the builders to create such vastly powerful walls has been lost to time.”
Hm. Krshia was frowning. This was a problem a tribe didn’t have. Walls and mana generation.
Lism was determined to make Hedault earn the consultation fee.
“Can you speculate about methods Liscor could use?”
“Of course. The few that come to mind immediately? Precisely—four. I apologize for the lapse in specificity. Firstly: Sage’s Grass. The flaw is it takes a long time to germinate and attracts predators. Secondly? Magicore. In vast quantities, it does generate mana. But it can be depleted and is hard to acquire. Thirdly, magical herds. The issue of feed comes up, and predation and the expiration of such animals…lastly, [Mages]. A large population of mages generates magic of its own.”
