7.51
Page 31
What she could take credit for was making it efficient. Lism had a map, but he didn’t have a roster of volunteers. He didn’t organize his data. Krshia had made that happen. And soon—
“You’ll have to appoint someone to manage this, Lism. It’s working well—too well. Someone needs a full-time position and salary.”
“I can handle it. Don’t you think I can handle multiple things at once, Silverfang?”
The Drake looked annoyed as Krshia spoke with him after the volunteers were on their way, with care packages. Krshia bit back the snappy response. Some things were so ingrained in them—but she tried. She moderated her tone.
“You’re adding work you don’t need. Can you give all of your hours to this project, hmm, Lism? I don’t think you can, no. And the [Carers] deserve all your time, yes?”
Lism hesitated. He swallowed an angry retort and took a breath. Once, twice…then nodded.
“I—fine. You’re right, Krshia. I could appoint a manager. And stay on top of things…”
He had to be part of the projects he was in. Like his shop; Krshia could delegate, but Lism was always checking in. It wasn’t a bad mentality to have, but sometimes he got bogged down with too much.
That was one thing. The two studied the map.
“How many Humans are part of the [Carers] project?”
“Sixteen.”
“So few.”
“Not a lot of people who moved to Liscor were in their late years. Most—children.”
The Gnoll woman waited for the inevitable ‘damn fleshy Humans coming to my city and taking jobs from honest working Drakes’, but it didn’t come. Lism just stared at the map.
“What we need…is a place for the children. Most are on the street.”
“Drakes don’t have that kind of institution?”
“Do Gnolls?”
Krshia shook her head.
“Not in the tribes. But then—no one is left alone in the tribes.”
“Unless they run off or are kicked out. Or they’re Doombringers.”
She glared at him. But he was right. Just—phrasing. Lism saw her look and adjusted his tone.
“I just mean…those kids need a home. Not just food and attention. I know some Human cities have something like that. In Drake cities they’re adopted or become gangs…”
He would know. And if the Drake had one soft spot in his entire body, it was children. After all—he’d raised Olesm and doted on his nephew, even now.
Incidentally, this was still the same Lism who’d tried to con Erin out her money right when she’d first come to Liscor. Krshia still remembered that. But he had changed a bit. Sort of.
 
—-
 
Another thing Lism did? He went to consult with experts a lot. Which was why he and Krshia met with Hedault in the man’s workshop in Invrisil.
Krshia considered it a waste of time and coin—especially because Lism was paying Hedault gold for the consultation meeting. But again, different styles.
Lism had objected nonstop to Krshia insisting on making tips mandatory for all the staff the city employed like [Sweepers], [Clerks], and so on. Which in turn she was trying to legislate into a monthly bonus, as well as ones on holidays and year-end. Something to add to what she knew were extremely low salaries. Lism had objected—until he’d seen how spotless the building started looking.
Anyways, the two were in Hedault’s studio having arrived at the appointed time and not inflicted chaos into the man’s life. He looked actually grateful as they sat and asked him a few questions.
“We’re done with Wistram. But we need to maintain our walls. Can you do it?”
That was how Lism led that Krshia appreciated. No dancing around, no pleasantries. Hedault seemed to like it too.
“Wall enchanting is not my expertise. Fissival maintains countless Drake cities, however.”
