7.51
Page 38
Lie. He didn’t even meet her eyes as he said that. Krshia sat there.
What an odd thing. Why him? And why…?
They were two different types of people. She had been a Plains Gnoll all her life. Lism? He’d grown up in Liscor. Lism looked across the Floodplains, visible from the city hall’s second floor over the walls.
“Have you ever seen anything more beautiful, Krshia? Tell me honestly.”
“Yes.”
The word made Lism twist in his chair. Krshia looked at the High Passes far overhead. The Floodplains.
“Better than this? Really?”
She looked at him.
“Of course I have, Lism. I have roamed Izril’s south. I have seen wondrous sights. The Walled Cities, flowing grasslands, ponds and forests. And that is nature. I have seen taller walls, grander cities.”
It was all true. But he looked so—hurt. Lism looked across the city and shook his head.
“I have never seen those things. I’ve seen pictures—even walked in Invrisil and Pallass.”
“And?”
He looked back at her.
“How can it be better than the city I love? How can my home not be the most beautiful place in the world?”
His sentiments mystified Krshia. Some places were terrible. Liscor flooded each year like a clogged tub.
But there he stood. A Drake who had never left the city he’d grown up in. Lism leaned on the windowsill.
“Okay. Maybe there are better cities. But I won’t visit them, Silverfang. Krshia. If someone said I could become a [Senator] in Pallass—or move to Zeres tomorrow and live comfortably there all my life—would you take that?”
“Hrm. I don’t like living in one place forever.”
The [Shopkeeper] stared out across Liscor, and the setting sun playing over the hills and valleys as they rose up towards the High Passes.
“I wouldn’t. Not even if it were the best city in the world. Because that’s here. I intend to live and die here, Krshia. I intend for my nephew to live a grand life here—children or grandchildren if I have any. If it’s broken, if it can be improved, I’d rather do it here than look for it.”
That was a Drake’s sentiment. A City Gnoll’s sentiment. Here I am. Here I stay. When things were unpleasant, a tribe of Gnolls moved. But Lism—Krshia had lived in Liscor for ten years. At first, just for the opportunity.
But ten years was a long time. She went to stand next to Lism. And she looked again.
“Liscor is changing, Lism. There are Humans coming in. Humans, Garuda, Dullahans, Selphids…and the Antinium. You—you’ve complained about outsiders for as long as I’ve known you. First they were Gnolls. Do you love Liscor if it looks like this?”
She pointed down into the construction zone where Humans were going to their new homes. Lism scratched at his chin.
“I hate outsiders.”
Krshia shoved him and he grabbed desperately at the windowsill.
“Ancestors, Krshia!”
“Give me a straight answer.”
“I am! Listen—”
Lism adjusted his clothing, haughtily.
“I…sometimes. Sometimes. I can have the wrong idea. But not about outsiders. Damn them, coming into our city…”
The Gnoll rolled her eyes, exasperated. Lism held up a claw.
“I won’t change my mind about that. If you’re not part of the city, you can’t complain about it! You don’t respect it. But…Erin Solstice.”
She nodded. Krshia saw Lism turn his gaze to the opposite window, where an army had fought and died. Lism leaned back.
“She’s changed Liscor so much. You owe her a debt of gratitude, surely.”
“Maybe.”
Lism grumbled. He looked at Krshia.
“But an outsider’s still a pest. Why do they get to change my city? Why do they get to strut in and mess things up? I won’t change my mind on that.”
“So why…”
