7.51
Page 8
“Erin, am I allowed to use this or what? I tried putting it in a cupboard, but it’s sucking all the light out of the kitchen.”
The Shadow Loaf was in her hands, eating the light. Erin blinked.
“Oh!”
She’d forgotten all about the bread she’d baked. And it was apparently becoming a light distraction? Imani blew out her cheeks.
“I had a bit. And it’s not exactly tasty. But can I do something with it? It doesn’t grow stale.”
“Well, obviously—”
“No, I mean, I put it outside on the windowsill when I realized it was making everything darker. By accident. But it wasn’t even a bit stale when I pulled it out.”
“Really?”
Erin frowned at her loaf. It wasn’t even the finished product. If you opened a window and put things right on the edge, the [Field of Preservation] didn’t quite work.
“Did anything try to eat it?”
“No. That’s what worries me.”
“Oh. Er…maybe we’ll put it somewhere else. I’ll find a spot for it.”
Erin picked up her loaf. She looked around for somewhere to put it and walked towards a wall. She came out of the [Garden of Sanctuary] a second later and innocently avoided Imani’s stare.
“All done. I’ll find a better home for it later. Maybe like…a dark room? What’s for breakfast, Imani?”
“What do you want?”
The entire table asked for a menu. An exasperated Imani pointed to the one hanging up.
“You don’t read signs, Erin?”
Numbtongue chortled and nudged her. The [Innkeeper] blushed. Before she could retort, the door from Pallass blew open.
“Are they here? Excuse me! We’re from Pallass and we’d love to talk about the acting!”
A flood of people came in from Pallass. And then Liscor. And then Celum. Erin saw Imani take cover in the kitchen. She stood up.
“Uh oh.”
“Sorry, Erin. This is our fault. Hey, you lot!”
Emme stood on her chair. Lyonette rose as well and stopped the flood from reaching the Players. Erin leaned back as someone interposed himself in the way, creating an actual wall. She stared at Eltistiman Verdue.
“Hey…haven’t we met?”
“Miss Solstice?”
He turned, blinking. Erin exclaimed.
“Eltistiman! Yeah, I remember you! Where did you go? You just vanished one time—”
Montressa and Bezale came rushing down the stairs, still sleepy-eyed to capitalize—er—help, with the situation. They were followed by Palt, who nearly tripped down the stairs. He caught himself from smashing into one of the people slowly slithering down.
Amid it all, Hexel Quithail slowly found a table. The Lamia sat down with his three Lizardfolk assistants and watched the chaos.
“Mornings here are almost as chaotic as back home.”
He remarked to the Lizardfolk. They laughed nervously. The people were spreading out across the Grand Theatre, but the Lamia had secured a table closer to the door.
“Excuse me! Sorry, we’re in a bit of a rush. Can I get you—”
A Drake hurried over and all of the Lizardfolk flinched. Hexel only a bit, but the Drake [Server] saw them and stopped.
“I am so sorry, Architect. I didn’t see you there. I’ll just get…”
She looked around for another server. Hexel straightened.
“It’s no issue. Stop cowering, Zekky, Vile.”
Two of the Lizardfolk stopped leaning back. The Drake looked grateful.
“Can I get you anything?”
“Um…the fish?”
One of the Lizardfolk quavered. Hexel nodded.
“Make mine that roasted rat, please. I need to be going in ten minutes, so if you could move it forwards over the…”
He waved at the massive crowd, over a hundred people already. The Drake nodded.
“Absolutely, Architect. I’ll just grab it. And your Sakelet Tea?”
“Yes, please.”
