7.51
Page 36
Krshia actually tried to throttle him for a second there. How could he…? But that was Lism. And it begged the question as she sat there, listening to what he was about to negotiate to the Antinium with.
Who actually hated the Antinium more? Lism listened to Olesm. When the [Strategist] said the Antinium were a threat, Lism took it at face-value. But Krshia…
“What are you going to offer them? Expansions to the Hive? The Walled Cities would have us killed. As well as the army.”
Lism glanced at her as he sat at the small desk in the meeting room, breathing in and out.
“I have one or two incentives. But Krshia—Silverfang—listen. We could do a lot with the entire Hive at our disposal for…well, if we can convince them to work without gold. A second district? Forget people buying space. The city can own a lot of that space. Undercut [Landlords].”
“You’re taking a risk that giving the Antinium something won’t backfire.”
Lism’s eyes flickered.
“If the Antinium are going to attack us, there’s no future for Liscor anyways, is there? If I believe that, I don’t think I’d be investing my time here.”
And that was how he got her. Sometimes—once. It was in that moment where the Council was debating Liscor’s future. Or Lism said something and Krshia found herself nodding because she saw what he was seeing where no one else did.
Antinium and Liscor’s future.
The Antinium knocked on the door and politely entered when Lism raised his voice. Krshia had been wondering who it would be—but there was really only one choice as to whom the Free Queen and Xrn would send.
Belgrade sat in the chair opposite them and nervously shook their hands.
“Hello, I am Belgrade, representing the Free Antinium. I think we have met?”
He looked at Lism. The Drake stared at the Worker and slowly nodded.
“Yes. Hello…Belgrade. Thank you for coming here. We’re here to negotiate on behalf of the Council of Liscor with the Free Antinium.”
Belgrade raised two hands on his left side.
“I am authorized by my Queen to negotiate, but I must seek her acceptance on any treaty. My words may be in error, but I will attempt to negotiate in good faith for my Hive.”
“Understood. You can relax, Belgrade. We are all fr—allies here, yes?”
Krshia smiled and Belgrade did relax, a bit. He eyed the plate of…well, you couldn’t serve an Antinium crackers, could you? So Krshia had gotten some meat cuts. He took one and nibbled it as Lism steepled his claws.
“[Tactician] Belgrade. We have a…proposal regarding Liscor’s future. Possibly future expansions.”
Belgrade listened to the idea about adding a second district to Liscor. He raised two hands again.
“The Free Antinium will doubtless be willing to construct the buildings. However, I have been instructed to ‘get something in return of substance or don’t agree’. May you assist me in that endeavor?”
The Gnoll covered her face with her paws. He might be a [Tactician], but it felt like stealing candy from a child. And while Lism might hesitate to do it to an actual child…
His smile was predatory.
“Of course. We’d be quite willing to allow the Antinium more space in the Watch. More patrols—expand the number of allowed Antinium Soldiers above thirty? Even expand the Hive’s allowed numbers to—”
“No, thank you.”
Belgrade happily ate another slice of meat. Lism hesitated.
“No? But you haven’t even heard—”
“That is not of substance which my Hive wants. We do not want it. The answer is no.”
The [Councilmembers] were stumped. He might be childish, but Belgrade was also positive when he knew things. Lism coughed.
“Perhaps if we were to offer a tax—”
“No.”
