7.51
Page 4
He’d come to Talenqual bleeding, exhausted, after days of nonstop travel. He’d been cut badly from his encounters at sea, but, strangely, refused any potions. They didn’t work as well on him due to the magical ink, apparently.
Even so—he’d healed practically overnight. Geneva was positive she could see the scar on his belly fading.
“You have to explain this, Courier Seve. I’ve never seen a regenerative capability like this in any of my patients.”
He scratched at his hair.
“A’ctelios Salash. That’s all I can say. I’m one of the [Fleshchosen], Doctor Scala. I grew up eating Tombhome’s meat. So long as I have some—I’ll heal faster, be stronger, and live longer than most. If it weren’t for the side-effects, I’d tell you to look into it.”
The back of Geneva’s neck prickled as he brought up the Shield Kingdom of Chandrar again. He’d told her once, but it sounded like…
A horror story. Positively Lovecraftian in nature. But here was Seve, who had brought medicine through a storm for his friend, Seql.
“Tell me more about A’ctelios, Courier Seve.”
“It’s not a great place. Even Selphids think it’s creepy.”
Idis whispered in Geneva’s head. She’d been napping as Geneva worked on her patient and gave her lecture. She yawned, a second voice as Seve shrugged.
“What can I say? I’m sure you can hear all the rumors about the Carven City. How those who enter don’t leave. There’s some truth to it. It’s just—I was born there. Sometimes the rumors are true, but every city has light parts and dark parts.”
“And A’ctelios Salash?”
He smiled with genuine nostalgia.
“Tombhome welcomes you, Doctor Geneva. It welcomes anyone who is lost, who is alone, who seeks a place to be. It is a choice. Always a choice. And there is danger. Eat too much or be drawn in…but A’ctelios is a place of great healing. Our [Flesh Shapers] do the same work as you. No one goes hungry, there. That is the home I know. And I keep its blessings with me.”
He gestured at his skin. Geneva nodded. The bias was apparent, but she supposed there might be some truth in Seve’s words. [Flesh Shaper] on the other hand…
“Is there a consequence for going without the…meat from your home, Seve? I’m asking out of curiosity, not as my role as a [Doctor].”
The Courier hesitated. And his ready smile turned a bit melancholic.
“I grow—hungrier—over time, Doctor Scala. That’s all. The food I bring from home never rots. But I do need to return at least once every few years. And yes—someday the Carven City will call me home. I’ll say goodbye to my friends and return. We don’t leave, then.”
More skin-crawling. Idis made it stop. Geneva nodded.
“It seems like a grave choice.”
“I was given a choice. My parents raised me until I was ten, on outsider’s food. Not all do that, but they let me choose. That’s how it should be. I chose to stay. Strength comes from sacrifice and I regret nothing. Isn’t that close to how you live, Doctor Scala?”
She didn’t think it was the same at all. But perhaps that was what Seve saw in her cutting a patient open or sewing them up.
“Perhaps, Seve. Either way, I owe you a great debt. You won’t take any money?”
He shook his head as he put a loose shirt on.
“Seql’s family paid me. The Great Companies paid me for my delivery. More than that—I would have done it for free, Doctor Scala.”
The sentiment made Geneva smile.
“I heard there was a great deal of trouble hiring a Courier, Seve. But you did it for free.”
His eyes were steady as he nodded.
