7.51
Page 19
Hexel was the [Architect] of Liscor, and he had done quite a lot already. The new district of Liscor was inhabitable—the wall wasn’t nearly as large as Liscor’s other walls, but it was patrolled hard by [Guards] and still—fifteen feet high and with no gaps. Hexel was overseeing the city’s construction and he was working hard since the Council was coming up with new ideas each week.
But he didn’t have to work every day. So today was an unofficial holiday. After all—Elirr was the liaison from the Council. It worked out very well. They had a few activities in mind—the Mrsha-interruption being the only unexpected event so far, and a minor one at that all things considered.
Well, for Hexel and Elirr. And that was because they knew how to do things. They dropped Mrsha off at The Wandering Inn.
“Mrsha! There you are!”
Erin had a frying pan and Lyonette was out scouting with Numbtongue. The Players were putting on a show for a number of Pallassian dignitaries. Elirr’s ears perked up as he saw them on stage. And there was Grimalkin of Pallass and Chaldion the [Grand Strategist] in the audience!
“You’re in big trouble, Mrsha. Someone find Lyonette! And—thank you so much, Elirr, Hexel!”
The two nodded politely. Erin pointed around.
“Do you want something to drink? Are you staying…?”
“No, we just came to bring Mrsha back. Don’t be too hard on her, please. Little Gnolls always wander off. Their form of rebelling as they get older is to run away. Drakes—smashing things, sometimes, or other outlets. But I used to wander off as a young Gnoll cub all the time.”
“Really?”
Erin stared at Mrsha, who was hiding behind Hexel. The Lamia grinned.
“Lizardfolk rebellions are to form little gangs. Troublemakers, all. Here you go, Mrsha.”
He nudged Mrsha forwards. Erin’s hands were on her hips and she was about to lay into Mrsha when a huge Drake tapped her on the shoulder.
“Miss Solstice. A word about the Players. They’re quite good, but we’d appreciate our own acting troupe. But the Players are resistant to making a Pallassian branch…”
“Because it’s not their branch, but you guys stealing the plays! If you want to let Pallassians join the Players, okay, Grimalkin. But why does it have to be Pallass’ people? Huh? Huh? Huh? Let them perform in Pallass and you can wait for your own group!”
The [Innkeeper] broke off. And that was Hexel and Elirr’s cue to exit, stage left. Because—yes, it was fascinating with the drama around the actors and all of that. But they had things to do. A very sad Mrsha looked up at Erin…then snuck off into the Garden to hide with the Fortress Beavers.
“I’d quite like to see some of the plays. I saw a few, but maybe we could stop back tonight?”
Hexel whispered to Elirr. The Gnoll stroked his chin-hair.
“Your wish may be granted.”
“Oho. Do I have a personal Djinni?”
“Mm. Perhaps. Have you ever met a Djinni?”
The two proceeded out of the inn with dignity and grace as Erin poked Grimalkin in the chest and a team of adventurers entered looking for her. Hexel chuckled.
“I went to Merreid in my youth. The shield Kingdom of Chandrar—one of those cities any [Architect] studies.”
“Really? I wish I had left Izril—did you meet Drevish?”
“Him? Oh, no. It was when the King of Destruction was rampaging around. I was just a young [Builder]—but I saw some of the forts the King’s Architect made in a day. Amazing work. There was this wall he built to block a pass in six hours—he had his own Djinni you see, and there’s no faster or more adaptive worker…”
