7.51
Page 3
“I have to sail.”
“Oh—of course. Thank you for…”
Umina watched him meet with Geneva. She sighed. But then she listened to the other [Healers] talking.
“It’s battlefield medicine. I can see it being useful there, with healing potions in short supply, however—”
“—makes sense. I’ve seen those—what did she call them? Abscesses. Horrible. If this works…”
“Who trained her?”
That came from one of the [Healers]. She was just shaking her head as she shuffled her hooves.
“I know [Doctors]. There was—I knew a [Saw Doctor] who treated Centaurs who…with bad infections. She’s nothing like them. Where does she come from, to know all this at her age?”
It was the question worth a million gold pieces. Umina saw Geneva leading Seve to one of the smaller rooms ready for use. She frowned at Geneva’s back.
The observation and drama around the Yellow Rivers was one thing. But Umina needed to learn more before the summer ended and she needed to be back in class. This called for more drastic measures. She slipped away to go find Marian.
 
—-
 
“How do I look, Doctor Geneva?”
Seve-Alrelious was a fascinating case-study of what made this world different to Geneva. A little bit later he was disrobed down to the waist. Which didn’t mean much because the glowing tattoos covered his body.
Geneva poked experimentally at the Orangutan and it waved its arms. It was stylized—like Aiko’s drawings, but clearly represented.
“That’s Erek. I’d let him out, but he’d destroy your…hospital. He’s too intelligent for his own good and too strong as well.”
“He’s an Orangutan, right? Ah—a monkey?”
Seve was impressed. He raised his brows as Geneva checked his sides. She stared at a faint line along his belly. The man was fit, but that didn’t impress Geneva as much as…she double-checked her notes. He should have a massive cut there. She remembered it!
“That’s right. I don’t know about the first name you called him, but he’s one of the curious fellows from the jungles. Apes and such. They’re quite intelligent. I met him on my journeys and he hid on my boat. So that’s how he came along.”
“Really? Is he a magical variant or…?”
She was no [Biologist], which Geneva regretted at times. They would surely have a field day here. The Hundredfriends Courier pondered that.
“I think Erek’s as intelligent as they get. He can’t properly speak, but he can play chess, sail the boat, and even use magical artifacts. Not that it’s wise to hand him a wand. And he’s strong as a Gemlion. Can other Orangutans do that?”
“Close…”
Geneva didn’t actually know, but it sounded like Erek might be a prime example of his species either way. Seve scratched at his head.
“Let’s see…magical abilities…he can jump about eleven feet if he really wants to.”
“That would be magic.”
“Ah. I’ll let him out if you want to meet him. He’s quite gentle. Again—he’ll steal anything he likes. He—”
Boom. Everyone jumped as a bolt of lightning came down. The magical typhoon wasn’t close to Talenqual…at least, the epicenter wasn’t. But it had been raining and raining.
Geneva jumped slightly, and so did Seve, but she saw Erek race up Seve’s arm and hide behind the Nelgaunt and a few other larger animals. She smiled at that.
“Let’s see. I could inspect your friends, but from what it sounds like, they’re not in need of my help. Neither are you, Courier Seve. I thought you would be but…you’re as healthy as can be. Impossibly so.”
She eyed him and the Hundredfriends Courier sat up.
“I told you there was no need to use a potion on me, Doctor.”
