7.51
Page 7
He sniffed at himself. It didn’t smell bad to him. Erin sighed.
“We need to get you some deodorant! I think Octavia sells some.”
The [Bard] gave Erin a dismayed look.
“I smell fine.”
“Yeah, you say that, but you’re not the one who has to smell you. Right, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll gave Erin a reproachful look for ratting her out as Lyonette marched over with clothing. At the same time a second cheer made everyone turn.
The Players of Celum were coming through for breakfast! They were like rock stars to Erin. Not as in—they were her rock stars, but that’s how they were treated.
“Miss Jasi, can I get a signature? I am such a fan—”
“Whoa, back up. Back up! The Players are here for breakfast. You can’t just bother them.”
A Drake coming over to Jasi was blocked by Eltistiman and a trio of [Bodyguards]. But Jasi pushed past them.
“Eltistiman! She’s one of us! Of course I’ll sign—but we’re fellow [Actors]!”
“Sorry, Jasi.”
The security around the Players made Erin blink. But here they were. Jasi exclaimed as she saw Erin.
“Erin! Thank you so much for last night! And you too, Numbtongue! I knew The Wandering Inn’s curs—I mean, blessing would do the trick!”
The Hobgoblin waved at Jasi, grinning. He’d watched the recording of himself at least a dozen times and was very self-satisfied. Erin beckoned to the others.
“Wesle, Jasi, you all want to have a group breakfast?”
“I’d be delighted.”
There came Wesle, and a flood of people from Invrisil who wanted to eat breakfast in The Wandering Inn for no reason in particular today. The security earned their money as the Players sat around the table. Mrsha was high-fiving Grev.
Ironically, it was Lyonette and Ishkr who both looked a bit star-struck by the Players. Erin just treated them like normal.
“Breakfast! What do you all want?”
“See, I can respect this. Other inns—we’ve had amazing food, but nothing comes out faster than food here. No wait, no fuss! All fresh as can be!”
Kilkran chortled as Mrsha reached up to yank on his beard. Lyonette rescued the man from his fate as Imani herself came out of the kitchen with something in her hands.
“I uh—it was an amazing performance you all put on last night, Jasi.”
Lyonette shyly remarked to the Drake. Jasi was still beaming.
“Thank you! And the Singer herself actually sent us a [Message]. She says she’s a huge fan and she actually asked for copies of all our plays, if you can believe that! We’re going to [Message] her back—Emme had the Mage’s Guild send the entire play, which cost a bit, but we’re getting a shipment of song-crystals in return. I’ll give you some when it arrives, if you like.”
“Really? I’d like that. And uh—I hesitate to ask, but I’ve been hearing about autographs. And when you were performing, I uh—”
Jasi laughed as Mrsha rolled her eyes. But the Drake instantly produced an autograph card for the blushing Lyonette. One of the special ones.
This was background to Wesle and Numbtongue greeting each other and Wesle noticing Numbtongue’s fine sword. Erin leaned back as the Hobgoblin put it on the table to Kilkran’s amazement.
“Is that Dragonblood crystal? How did you…?”
He was a former [Blacksmith] after all. Numbtongue looked pleased at himself. Meanwhile, Imani pulled at Erin’s sleeve.
“Um, Erin—”
She looked nervous in the crowd, but determined as she held something under an arm. Erin turned to her.
“What, Imani? Do you want an autograph?”
Half the [Actors] turned with a quill in hand. Imani shook her head. She offered Erin what she was holding.
