7.51
Page 5
“There are few like me. But I think your beliefs and mine are similar, Geneva. I am the Hundredfriends Courier. I charge no fee when the cause is enough.”
She sat back. Oh yes. She believed in that.
“You saved countless lives, Seve. If I can repay you in any way, I will.”
He rolled his shoulders and some of his animals climbed onto them to take a nap.
“That’s enough. Friendship is worth more than any currency. More than gold. That’s how I live.”
“Friendship alone?”
Another grin.
“If I sail to dozens of ports around the world, Doctor, I won’t be charged to put my boat in harbor. I’ll eat for free and like a [King]. I have far more than a hundred friends. And I’ve learned that’s real value. When I was first starting out, I took a wound at sea. And it festered—the one thing Tombhome won’t save me from if it goes bad.”
He gestured to one arm. Geneva grimaced.
“What happened?”
“A [Merchant] I’d done a delivery for heard of it when I was lying at my deathbed. He paid for me to be treated and spent, dead gods, thousands of gold coins on me. All for free. Because I had saved his home from a termite-breed last month—not even saved his life. That was when I knew how I wanted to do my business.”
The Courier related all that with a faint smile of nostalgia. Geneva laughed. She felt—better. Relieved, of late.
“Thank you for doing it. And to the other Couriers. If you ever need treatment—come here and I’ll do my best. That’s all I can offer.”
Seve nodded, pleased. Then he looked at her, up and down with a long, studying look.
“I rather think some of us are in your debt, Doctor Geneva. The Yellow Rivers would have taken Seql in another few days, wouldn’t it?”
“…Yes. Yes, he wouldn’t have made it past the week. But that was—”
“You. And whomever made the Occillium. I didn’t have time to talk long, but the Moonlight Rider of Izril told me that it was a great effort to get it to the port alone. Some other people did their best, didn’t they?”
Seve looked at Geneva sharply. She nodded slowly.
Joseph.
“They did indeed, Seve. There are good people elsewhere in the world.”
Another nod. Seve looked at her.
“Will you tell me their names? It seems that if I owe my own favor for those who’d save lives, some of it belongs to whomever that was.”
Geneva hesitated. Seve looked at her, calmly.
“It is a secret?”
“—perhaps. It’s…”
Her mouth stopped moving. Idis whispered urgently in her ear.
“Going to have to stop you, Geneva. That’s important information! I have to run it by Calectus, at least!”
Geneva clenched her fists. She couldn’t reply back, but Idis knew what she was doing.
“Geneva—it’s my job—”
Seve waited, his eyes intent on her. Geneva tapped the roof of her mouth furiously with her tongue. Let me talk!
“Geneva—I can’t just—okay, okay, fine! Just one name?”
“Joseph. From Liscor.”
Geneva’s mouth closed. Seve smiled.
“I’ll surely remember it.”
The [Doctor] smiled and nodded. Idis muttered about ‘breaking the rules’ as Geneva and Seve talked. Geneva understood—and didn’t understand her objections. It was one thing for the Selphids to be paranoid. But this?
A great debt indeed. She owed it to Joseph and this Octavia as well. For giving her hope. The Hundredfriends Courier was the kind of person she wished existed more in any world.
He had to go—but he was going to stay a few days. Geneva had her hands full checking on her patients, but she had a new wind at her back. She did ask Seve for a sample of his…food supply. Just a sample. She wondered if it was possible it could do something miraculous.
 
—-
 
