7.51
Page 10
Elirr yawned over breakfast as Krshia consulted a map on the table in front of them. They were having breakfast in his apartment this morning.
It was a social thing. Gnolls—especially Plains Gnolls—were social creatures. They liked to start the day in company, such that even Gnolls without partners in cities might have a morning breakfast group rather than eat alone.
And they were Plains Gnolls, the both of them. Krshia more than Elirr. If you asked her she’d be adamant. She might have become a City Gnoll in parts—but she was still a member of her tribe.
The Silverfang Tribe. Of which they both belonged to. But Elirr and Krshia—were different Gnolls.
For one thing, he had at least a decade and a half on her. Elirr’s fur was grey while Krshia’s had yet to really go anywhere there. Just patches. Elirr was old. Distinguished, he liked to think of it.
But he had to admit, Krshia was still in a sort of prime. She was long past the years when they were in their twenties or teens, able to run all day and then do something else incredibly taxing and sleep for six hours and do it all again.
But Krshia was experiencing a second…prime as it were. Gnolls tended towards two. The first was when you were young and you were that energetic leader. But the second was when you hit your mid-forties? Fifties? And then you were another sort of pillar in Gnoll tribes, the visionary, the leader with the plan.
That was Krshia Silverfang. She was not the leader of the Silverfang tribe—her sister was, though. And she was the actual leader in Liscor, where a decade of work was about to pay off.
More than even they could have imagined. Krshia saw Elirr reach for breakfast. Rich silkap with fluffy bread made from that Octavia’s baking soda. Krshia had made a loaf or two and it was really quite nice. Elirr had provided some drinks. Krshia sipped from what Erin might call a mango lassi.
“This is nice. Where did you get the recipe?”
It was not traditionally Gnollish—while the silkap was. Elirr shrugged.
“From Hexel. The mangos too.”
“Mhm. I see. Very nice.”
She gave him a look over the rim. Elirr sighed. There it was again. Rather than bring it up, he looked at the map.
“Let’s see. If we use the door from Pallass…hrr…well, we have already saved over a month, weeks of travel depending on how we avoided the Bloodfields.”
Krshia nodded. Four hundred miles in a moment. That was…a lot of space. It was one of the reasons why Krshia could leisurely plan their trip instead of being on the road, swearing at the sky if it rained on her group and making sure they had enough provisions.
After all—they just had to be at the Meeting of Tribes by the summer solstice. Still, it was closing in. The only issue was, well, a few things.
“Mrsha’s going to be trickiest. Come to that—the Woven Bladegrass tribe didn’t do us any favors, no. Did you hear about that?”
Gnolls loved to gossip. Elirr had with his customers a few days ago.
“I heard they sacked a city. For the Meeting of Tribes, yes?”
“Yes. Idiots. I hope we don’t run into angry Drakes on the road. I need to promise to Lyonette and Erin she will be safe.”
“You really think they’ll let her go with us?”
Krshia gnawed on a lip.
“Not for the entire time. She just has to show up at the right moment. They can come up with her, except for the actual meeting. Just a bit—it might be better if she isn’t there the entire time, yes?”
“What does Vrrow have to say about her?”
