7.51
Page 41
She found the Raskghar at the gates. Zevara halted as she saw the bodies. And then—the furred forms.
They were kneeling. Arms raised, prostrate on the ground or raised towards the sky. Embria and 4th Company was halted—several Raskghar lay dead, bodies covered with arrows or blown to bits. But the rest—were shouting.
“Surrender! We surrender! Beg mercy! Surrender!”
“What?”
Olesm was panting. Wide-eyed, he looked at Zevara. She counted. Nearly two hundred Raskghar, minus the ones who’d attacked the inn. But the rest—nearly half younger than the adults—were there.
Surrendering?
She heard shouting from above. The wall was in chaos. An arrow struck the ground from above and she heard a shout.
“Hold your fire! That is an order!”
Drakes were struggling with Gnolls who had killed the Raskghar even as they tried to surrender. Zevara saw Jeiss tackle a Gnoll [Archer] who tried to put an arrow through the leading Raskghar’s head.
“Surrender! Mercy!”
The Raskghar were howling. The word seemed foreign on their tongues. Zevara regained a moment of sanity at last.
“Hold your fire! That is an order!”
The shouting died down. Embria didn’t lower her spear. Maviola was staring—it was Olesm who looked across the Raskghar towards the inn.
“The Wandering Inn. Erin, Mrsha—are they…?”
“Someone check. Wing Commander, go!”
“1st and 2nd Squad, on me! The rest of you, hold this line!”
Embria roared. She pelted for the door. Zevara stood there, mind racing. Another bow twanged—she whirled.
A Gnoll was shooting at the Raskghar! It wasn’t a [Guard]—Zevara pointed.
“Drop that weapon!”
“Kill the Raskghar!”
The Gnoll tried to loose another arrow. The whites of his eyes were showing. Zevara pointed.
“Guardsman, take his weapon!”
The squad hesitated, but then a trio of Drakes went for the Gnoll. Olesm heard more snarls.
“Kill them! This is a trick!”
“Hold your ground. That is an order!”
Olesm snapped at the [Guards]. But he was watching the Raskghar too.
Any move—and he’d use his Skill to loose a volley at them. Olesm was convinced this had to be a trick. Two hundred? There had been thousands of Raskghar by Calruz’ count.
But then he looked at them. Looked at them and saw something on each one.
Disease. Open wounds, coughing, a rattling wheeze even as they shouted the words over and over. Festering sores, pus, green, yellow, mixed with red blood.
“Typhenous.”
The Plague Mage had said he’d cast a spell. Olesm had not seen the effects—but now he did. Typhenous had struck the Raskghar months ago. And he’d killed them.
Not a single Raskghar looked spared of whatever Typhenous had used. One of them—Olesm recoiled from a limb so rotted it was gone even if the disease were removed.
“Guards—4th Company, back up! Give the Raskghar space! On the walls—move back!”
“But Strategist—”
“They’re diseased! Magical plague spell! Move back!”
4th Company instantly retreated. Everyone in bow range of the Raskghar covered at their faces, looking pale. Olesm felt sick.
“Get me—get me every [Mage] who can cast [Dispel Magic]! No one go near the Raskghar or the bodies! Stand back, this is an order!”
“Gnolls, stand down! I will have the badge of any Gnoll who attacks the Raskghar!”
Behind him, Zevara was stopping Gnoll civilians and [Guards] alike from attacking. The Raskghar peeked up at the chaos in the city. One of them raised her paws beseechingly towards Olesm. She panted.
“Sick. Dying. We surrender. Good slaves. Mercy.”
He looked at her and saw that gleam of feral intelligence in her eyes. Olesm shuddered because she was crawling towards him.
