7.51
Page 23
Erin Solstice. Faerie Flowers in the [Garden of Sanctuary]. And there…watching from afar and talking with Kevin…
Rose. Saliss watched her for a minute.
He knew more about Rose, but not enough. But oh, careful. Be so careful. If Elirr and Saliss had known each other, and had a moment to talk, they would have both agreed. But Elirr’s caution was nothing to Saliss—after all, Saliss had grown up in Pallass, not a Gnoll tribe or Liscor.
Saliss was more concerned for Elirr and Hexel. It was so obvious. Again though—he’d kill anyone who ruined this moment for them. But there was only one Saliss. And even that was one too many.
The [Alchemist] shook his head. His last person-of-interest wasn’t here. In Liscor, then. He slid some coins across the bar and turned to go. Hexel and Elirr were their own thing and much luck to them. He was looking for his…experiment. His project.
Maviola El.
 
—-
 
Love was in the air. Also—fire. Olesm watched Maviola glowing.
Her hair looked like it was igniting. Black and orange, shining in the light. And there was actual fire sparking in the air—appearing and vanishing.
That was how hot it was. He was at a safe distance. But the young [Lady] was at the center of the flickering radius of heat.
“[Aura of Flame]. Or close enough for my demonstration. See? Whenever you want, Wing Commander!”
Embria eyed Maviola. Not in a particularly friendly way. 4th Company didn’t like challenges to their combat record. But Maviola El was doing just that.
“Forwards, spears! Captain Vell, Captain Wikir, take the enemy position!”
Two squads of 4th Company advanced on the nervous double-line of [Guards] that Embria had set up. New-recruits and a few regular Guardsmen.
Olesm watched, wincing. The [Soldiers] were not Liscor’s best, but they were still one of the veteran wings of the army. The average level of Liscor’s army was 16. Which meant the [Officers] and higher-ranking members were progressively higher-level still than the rank-and-file which lowered the level.
Wikir, Vell, and Embria could all turn average [Soldiers] into elites with their Skills. Liscor stacked commander-classes. And two squads were cycling down their Skills so that when they hit the ranks of [Guards] who had orders to shield Maviola, they had at least eight Skills buffing them.
Even with practice-weapons, the two squads instantly began drubbing the [Guards]. Zevara was watching and wincing as Vell smacked down a shield with brute strength and ‘beheaded’ one of the soldiers.
It didn’t look good, but again, it wasn’t quite fair. If it were Senior Guards versus 4th Company, they’d have…lost with more grace. Only Jeiss or Relc or Klbkch were at the level of Liscor’s army, anyways. And they were anti-crime and anti-monster fighters anyways, compared to an army’s specialties.
But Maviola had not asked for them. She stood with her arms folded behind the collapsing rank of the Watch as Vell kicked past another [Guard], clearly intent on beating her a few times in the ‘practice’. The Drake [Captain] knocked aside another blade—then she hissed.
“What the—ow! Ow!”
She was holding a practice blade, wooden, but she’d kept her armor on. And Olesm saw—it was glowing. Vell twisted, knocking aside a blade and then shouted again.
She gave a shout of pain. Her armor was beginning to glow! And then—her practice sword burst into flame. She had to drop it or be burned. Wikir gave a howl of pain and the two squads began to back up.
Olesm stared. The [Guards] weren’t suffering from the same effects at all. They began to press 4th Company back.
“Retreat! Get out of range!”
