7.51
Page 13
Then Elirr went downstairs to the shop he slept above. The cats followed. One burped; Elirr realized they were dragging the mostly-empty glass of lassi down the stairs.
He bent and picked it up, glaring.
“Someday I will eat things that are terribly bad for you. Deathly so.”
They meowed at him. The Gnoll sighed. He was a [Slave] to his pets. But downstairs he went to start his day.
Animals in Elirr’s pet store greeted him. Friendly war dog breeds from as far away as Radivaek in the north, birds in their cages which he sprinkled seed into and which Alamaran knew he wasn’t allowed to eat.
A few irregulars too. Elirr’s odd projects which he was sometimes hired to do, and sometimes did just because of the opportunity or challenge. Like Jekle, who hissed at the cats. At least he didn’t try to breathe frost; he was learning.
“No biting, Jekle.”
Elirr was careful; the Frost Wyvern was highly intelligent—more so than even the cats, or he would be when he was older, and he wasn’t entirely civilized. But he’d learned not to try to bite the old [Beast Trainer] and accepted his meal with good grace.
“We’re going to let you go for another flying and running about later today.”
It was bad to keep the young Frost Wyvern tied up. Elirr was working with a younger [Beast Trainer] in Pallass who exercised Jekle. Otherwise Elirr would be doing it all day—sometimes he devoted most of his day to working with Jekle.
But today was an ‘Elirr-day’, so he let the Frost Wyvern chew on a leg of cow and hiss at the cats who fearlessly tried to scavenge from his meal. They were horrible bullies indeed. The Frost Wyvern could have swallowed them whole, but they’d terrified him so much that he only snapped at them when they stole bits of his meal.
“Stop being cruel to him or I will give you all away. I mean it.”
The Gnoll warned the other cats. They glared, but stopped harassing the young Wyvern.
Elirr Fultpar was good at his job. He really was. Few could tame Wyverns, let alone train them to his quality. He was essentially a version of Tekshia Shivertail—except devoted to animals—in his levels and expertise.
And that was the key. Train. Any fool could tame most animals. You could get a wolf to act as an attack-animal. Ride a Wyvern? Well, a lower-level [Beast Tamer] could manage it.
But training—that was the key Elirr often had to explain. Cats were smart. But Alamaran was a house-cat. Not a magical cat. Yet, with Elirr’s Skills he could open a door’s handle, even convince other cats to form a pyramid to make that happen.
Training made Aldasian Warhounds intelligent and strong enough to take down far larger animals. An Elirr-trained warhound could take down a non-magical bear. Not that he enjoyed training animals for war.
Anyways. Elirr was just feeding the animals and getting Jekle ready. Sure enough—a Garuda fluttered into the shop minutes after Krshia had left.
“Master Elirr! Have you heard about the inn?”
“The Players of Celum? Every Gnoll in Liscor’s told me about it.”
“I got an autograph! I think they’re coming to Pallass! Here—is Jekle ready?”
The younger [Beast Tamer] waved at the Wyvern, who knew it was time for his walk/flying and got excited. Elirr nodded.
“Just remember. Anchor that leash. He’s smart enough to try making a break for it and he outweighs you.”
The Garuda gave him a shamefaced look.
“Yes, Master Elirr.”
Jekle had tried that once already. Elirr saw the two off. And when a Garuda walked a Wyvern—everyone cleared the way for you. He rubbed at his back.
