7.51
Page 17
Alamaran had a knack for moments like this. He, with the grace of all cats, inserted himself into Mrsha’s lap and demanded to be pet. He had done it to Elirr for countless days after escaping the dungeon.
“Do you understand not to tell then, little one?”
Hexel peered at Mrsha. Elirr wasn’t the best with Gnoll cubs, having not had any to raise himself. Animals now…but Hexel was better at making sure Mrsha got the message. She looked up and nodded. She patted Alamaran as Elirr sat back and sighed.
“Well—well.”
That was all he could say. Mrsha signed.
“Can I tell Erin? Erin is good. Nice.”
Elirr had no doubt that was true. But the thought of Erin Solstice keeping a secret was…
Well, not implausible, but he didn’t want drama. And Erin invited it through her door. She’d probably put up a sign—
No Killing Turnscales, Especially Not Elirr and Hexel!
That was unfair. But Elirr had not cultivated his levels of paranoia for nothing. And Liscor was a progressive city compared to some. You heard stories about raids, even in Pallass…
“Not Erin, Mrsha. Just…in case. The fewer people who know, the safer. Will you promise?”
Another nod. Mrsha flinched as a cat dropped on her. But the cats were suddenly demanding affection. Cats—could be wonderful therapist animals.
Then again, so could dogs. They swamped the dispirited child. One of the dogs nearly covered Mrsha and the cats as it leaned on her and they all pushed it off.
That made Elirr smile. He stepped back with Hexel, under the pretext of making another batch of tea.
“Is there something to worry about?”
“No. She is a good child.”
The Lamia nodded. He studied Elirr’s fond expression. The two stood together.
Together, but with some unfamiliarity. That was fine. It was just that they were no longstanding couple of a decade, but new. Rather, it was more like…romance. The kind that Elirr had found in the tribes when he was younger.
It was more covert in Liscor, but it felt fresh. New. The kind of thing that made you chase cats away from your good clothing and comb your hair and endure nosy female Gnolls. Even the cute little ones.
Ekirra—now, Ekirra would never have noticed. He’d wander about, picking his nose and never notice two Gnolls kissing in front of each other if he had a plate of sweet buns. But he was also incapable of keeping secrets.
And Mrsha? A Plains Gnoll as well as…Elirr saw her brightening up. But her face had been too old, too grave when she’d finally realized the danger to Elirr and Hexel. She had seen so much.
“I called her a Doombringer once, you know. A monster. Right to her face.”
Hexel twisted slightly.
“Doom…?”
His voice was a fraction louder than Elirr’s. The two were whispering but Mrsha’s ears pricked up slightly. Hexel waved his wand and a [Silence] spell enveloped them.
“It’s a word for white Gnolls. Legend has it they’re cursed to destroy a tribe. That they appear and bring bad luck, calamity.”
“That sounds like some Lizardfolk tales. And you believe that…?”
Hexel’s voice was carefully skeptical. Elirr blushed under his fur. The Lamia couldn’t see it, but he could sense body heat.
“It was during the dungeon.”
“Oh.”
Silence. Hexel wrapped the tip of his tail around Elirr’s leg. It was a comfort gesture among Lizardfolk.
“We all make mistakes.”
“I shouldn’t have. Not me.”
He’d begun to believe in those cages, with the Raskghar out of nightmares eating them. It still haunted Elirr. Mrsha didn’t seem to bear a grudge, which was even worse.
