7.51
Page 6
Night turned to day. The sun rose again. Over Baleros, still lashed by the typhoon, delaying a certain Fraerling’s plans because of the magical interference.
Over Tombhome as well, who did know there was power to be had in…taking things away. Even if it was not quite as Seve remembered it from his last visit.
Another group was aware that—sacrifice—had its power. The light of two full moons invigorated them as they carefully bypassed the adventurer’s shutters, resealing the exits. Especially against—
Facestealer. And they went about the plan by moonlight. And then daylight.
For the sun rose, but the moons were still in the same positions in the sky, roughly. That was astronomy for you.
The Raskghar gathered. How many? All of them. At least—the ones who’d stayed in the dungeon. A smaller group had split away. Now, the rest waited. Waited for…ropes.
Yet that wasn’t what lingered on the minds of those who rose to greet the day. In The Wandering Inn, for instance, a little Gnoll rolled over, smacked a [Princess] in the face with a paw as she stretched, and then got up to run into the garden for a morning lap around a hill.
A Hobgoblin was already awake, practicing with his sword. He really wanted to do more than the sword exercises. And so did a ghost inside of him. But he’d gotten in trouble for cutting down one of the trees. It hadn’t even been the cocoa one!
An [Innkeeper] snoozed over her magical chessboard—which hadn’t been working properly. It kept moving the pieces back as if something was wrong with the…connection. She and her opponent had been frustrated by it. Erin had subsequently fallen asleep writing out notes on another board game.
Other guests of the inn woke up differently. A Lamia slid out of his bed with a gasp. For a moment, heart-pounding terror made him aim his wand at the ceiling. Then he awoke.
Three Lizardfolk woke up. The Players of Liscor and the Antinium all got up. And when they went downstairs—another ordinarily miraculous day occurred.
“The Players of Liscor!”
Erin woke up to the cheering from below a second time. She slouched downstairs, rubbing at the marks the chess-board had left on her chin and neck.
“’smatterwithallanoisedownhere?”
Ishkr gave Erin a strange look as he tried to process the question. He eventually pointed to Temile, who was beaming and shaking hands and signing autographs with the breakfast-crowd.
“Oh. Temile.”
Erin yawned. Another reason for her late night was because the excitement over the Player’s appearance on television had dragged out for a long time. Even her opponent had asked if she’d seen it.
“Temile, Temile. Are we going to perform in Pallass?”
“Let’s not count our Goldhens before they lay anything, Rekhi. But we’re in talks. Emme and the others should be coming over as soon as they have breakfast—maybe even for breakfast. Has anyone checked the door?”
Temile was beaming at the Gnolls and Drakes around the table. The Players of Liscor were excited. Five of them raced into the hallway.
“Good for them.”
Erin yawned again. A white blur came racing down the steps, followed by Lyonette.
“Mrsha! Put your skirt on! Get back here!”
Numbtongue walked out of the [Garden] smelling a bit sweaty and grassy. Erin waved at him.
“Numbtongue! Wanna have breakfast?”
“Sure.”
As he walked over, Erin saw Ishkr check in the kitchen for a breakfast for them. Imani was hard at work. Mrsha raced over to their table and hid under Numbtongue’s chair.
“Mrsha…”
An ominous voice made Mrsha hide behind Numbtongue’s legs. Meanwhile, Erin sniffed Numbtongue.
“You’re sorta sweaty, pal.”
“Mhm. So?”
