7.51
Page 20
Stories. The two both came from cultures with strong oral traditions of storytelling. And Elirr and Hexel were still finding out about each other. They left The Wandering Inn behind to return to the date.
Behind them, the adventuring team—actually, two of them—found Erin after Grimalkin stomped off.
“Can we get some of your magic food, Erin? To go?”
She looked around and the [Innkeeper] beamed.
“Earlia! Nailren! You guys going to the dungeon? Be careful!”
The two Silver-rank teams nodded. The leader of Gemhammer propped her warhammer against a table.
“Just your Scale Soup, Erin. Insurance—since we’re the only teams going down at the moment. Don’t worry—we’re sticking within the safe zone. Just prying up trap tiles. The soup can actually really save us from taking a hit. And it’s a lot less expensive than a Barkskin potion each time…”
“Coming up. Hey, Ishkr—”
The people near the stage shhed loudly and Erin lowered her voice guiltily.
“Sorry. So no Bevussa?”
Earlia shook her head.
“Some Pallass event. Bevussa’s team, Keldrass’, most of the Pallassian teams are socializing. Not for us, even if we were invited.”
“Which we weren’t, just to be clear.”
Nailren looked amused. The two Silver-ranks left the inn to descend into the dungeon a little bit after that.
 
—-
 
The first stop with the two was a bit of fun and games. Elirr had heard the Floodplains were much safer after the [Druid], Nathalistirieminous or whatever his name was, wiped them out.
But it wasn’t on his Top 10 list of things to do. He wished he could hike around like younger Gnolls. Even Krshia could probably march for thirty miles. But he was older, plusher…
“Distinguished. Nothing like a silver Gnoll to make you feel quite sophisticated.”
Hexel had phrased it like that. Elirr smiled.
“What’s the original expression?”
“Silver Foxkin. The Beastkin of Baleros, you know? Old Fox Beastkin are quite something…”
“Excuse me. I thought you said Gnolls were better.”
“Less fragile.”
And that was certainly the case. Hexel blinked as he saw that Elirr had taken him to one of Liscor’s attractions—especially for Gnolls.
An indoor archery range. It was one of Elirr’s little hobbies—most Gnolls learned how to shoot a bow in the tribes.
“We can pay for a quiver and an hour. I don’t know if you shoot…”
“I’ve been known to do so. This looks like fun!”
The couple set up at their station—the archery range had all kinds of activities for all ranges of skill. Instructors would help you learn a bow and maybe get your [Archer] class—or there were more advanced targets. Even an option for a pottery throw where you shot at moving targets. Liscor had [Hunters] who’d take you on a small walkabout to hunt game…
For today, Elirr just had in mind some archery targets since he didn’t know how good Hexel was with a bow. And for all his griping about his age—Hexel looked suitably impressed as Elirr strung a longbow and sank an arrow into a target.
“What a shot!”
“It’s nothing fancy.”
Elirr had missed the inner painted rings completely, but Hexel looked amazed. He felt at Elirr’s arms suspiciously.
“That takes a lot of upper body strength! I couldn’t use a longbow.”
The [Beast Trainer] grinned and pointed to a far wall.
“There are beginner’s bows as well. Do you have a preference?”
Hexel hesitated.
“Do you have…a half bow?”
“Half-bow?”
Half the Gnolls in earshot turned, looking offended. The Lamia held up his hands.
“A shortbow! Fine, fine…do all Gnolls love bows?”
“It’s a hobby, a work of art, and it can feed you, defend you…do Lizardfolk have a similar weapon?”
