7.51
Page 0

They were still dying. Geneva Scala’s optimism was tempered by that, in the back of her head. That—despite the cure arriving, it had to be cultivated. And it had yet to reach many places where Yellow Rivers was eating away at the populations.
As well—the cure was a finite resource. Geneva Scala, had, after some quick agonizing, employed its usage before testing proper dosages and coming up with a standard of application. She knew the other [Healers] had encountered success using it and it was that or let her patients die as the cure was literally in the same building as they were.
Just the most serious cases. It meant, simply, that Seql would live. His vitals were already improving. Geneva had spent a night with the most seriously-ill to stop the progress of the bacteria and allow the Occillium to do its work.
She imagined it was like the advent of blood transfusion, or…well, penicillin itself. Something so close to magic in its effects. And no healing potion could have saved Seve. Perhaps some relic-grade potion, but Octavia’s mold would save countless lives where the most magical artifacts could save only a handful—if you could afford it.
Still. The fight was not over. And Geneva had taken to Talenqual’s streets to tell people to stay indoors and prevent the spread of the disease. They listened to her, the people of Talenqual. She had earned that.
The funny thing was that as the morning dawned, Geneva was not tending to a Yellow Rivers patient. They were actually fairly easy now—the cure had arrived and it was what she had needed.
Rather, she was talking to a [Healer] about another patient. A man on his front who was trying not to whimper despite the topical anesthetic Geneva had applied. It was more what was happening that was terrifying him out of his mind.
And the [Healer]. Geneva had a small audience; one of the Level 30 [Healers] who had come to learn how she was fighting the disease. Other, lower-level [Healers]. Some of the [Nurses]—many of whom were Selphids. And just some onlookers.
Some. They were allowed to watch, but most had left after Geneva had opened the fellow’s…well, Geneva termed it an abscess, a cyst that had been infected and left untreated. It was thirty-days old. But given the healing potions applied—Geneva felt like she was looking at years of deterioration.
It was not the kind of thing that was pleasant. Geneva had seen worse—the [Healers] had too. Most of the others had not.
If you had to explain it—the cyst was like an infected…pimple? That drained pus and kept expanding. But unlike the cause being an ingrown hair, it was more of an open wound that refused to heal.
Yellow Rivers looked worse. But the [Healer] was still patently horrified as Geneva explored the wound.
“What are you doing?”
She had an improvised q-tip, which was a bamboo stick with a cotton swab. Geneva was inserting it into the whimpering man’s back. Deep. She stuck the entire stick in and everyone winced.
“I’m exploring the abscess.”
“You’re making it worse!”
“I have to see how deep it is. Look at this.”
It was a mortified hole in his body. She was poking the soft tool inside and withdrawing it to check the improvised q-tip—it was bloody. Which was a good sign? Geneva sighed and explained patiently.
“I’ve been working with this man for the last week. I kept it packed; it’s still healing, Ceriche, but this is a marked improvement.”
“T-thank you, Doctor.”
The man muttered. He could feel the tool poking around. The [Healer] stared. The wound was deep.
“Now what are you doing?”
