7.51
Page 2
Umina muttered to herself as she took notes near the back. She’d nearly thrown up, especially as she saw Geneva poking around in a wound. But she was fascinated at the same time. More and more, she thought the Professor was right. Geneva Scala was extraordinary.
And there was something else…but Umina didn’t have the picture yet. She heard an echo of her statement coming from someone who’d been standing in the doorway.
“We could use her back home. My city would pay ten times her bodyweight for someone of her caliber.”
The Lizardgirl turned—and there was Seve-Alrelious. The Hundredfriends Courier was back on his feet. She gave him an impressed look.
“Courier Seve.”
“Hello. Are you assisting the Last Light?”
He nodded to her, whispering. Umina nodded respectfully.
“I’m—a volunteer. She’s nearly done if you need her…”
The Courier nodded.
“She asked me to stop by. Fascinating.”
Here was one of the world’s best Couriers. Umina had learned from the Titan of Baleros, though, so she wasn’t about to ask for him to shake her hand…but he was properly famous.
“You’re um—from A’ctelios Salash, aren’t you?”
“That’s right.”
The Hundredfriends Courier had shining tattoos all over his body. His skin was weathered by sun and surf—but the lines of magical ink shone.
A monkey waved at Umina. She stared at it. Seve winked at her. She jumped and blushed.
“Tombhome. I’ve heard of it. It’s ah…a Shield Kingdom. And…”
Umina recalled a few more salient facts and hesitated. Seve put his hands on his pockets.
“It’s a good place. Peculiar. Dangerous, like some cities, but I call it home. A’ctelios needs someone like Doctor Geneva.”
“Really? Why?”
The [Doctor] was letting the patient get up. He shook her hand and thanked her as the [Healers] clustered around. Seve eyed the man rubbing at his back and Geneva swatting his hands away.
“Oh. Disease, plague…it runs through the Carven City all the time. Yellow Rivers is bad enough—I’m sure old Baosar’s terrified of it reaching home. I don’t know how much you know of A’ctelios…”
“It’s never been taken by siege.”
It was one of the fascinating cities the Professor sometimes lectured on. He’d described how he’d take the city and made his students run through simulations of attack and defense one time. Umina had the impression it was the most atrociously disgusting city to try to take by conventional warfare.
Seve nodded.
“True. But it’s fallen to disease and plague. We ah, eat lots of raw meat. And nobody’s got any of the—hygienic standards?”
He’d been reading some of the posters with those cute characters that were posted all over the ‘hospital’ telling people about the importance of washing your hands and such. It was so cute that Umina had read them all. One of the other members of the United Nations company apparently drew in the style and it was very fun to see.
“Just um—if I can ask one question, Courier Seve? I know you get it all the time, but—”
He grinned at her and she blushed again.
“It’s about the tattoos?”
She nodded.
“Is it a Skill or magical ink or…? Are they alive?”
The animals were moving across his body. Slowly, but she was sure they had a will of their own. Seve nodded.
“Skill and ink. They’re all living. They just stay with me because feeding so many is hard work. As for the practice—it’s Drathian. They know how to turn pictures into magic.”
“I see. And—okay, so is there a limit? You couldn’t do that with people right? What if—”
Before Umina could ask some of the [Strategist] questions she had of Seve she heard a voice.
“Courier Seve?”
The [Doctor] was ready for him. Seve waved at Umina apologetically.
