7.51
Page 30
But he was also annoyingly good at spotting trends. And stubborn too—he stayed in with a bet or gamble when most people would get cold feet, even if it cost him.
None of that was the endearing factor, incidentally. It was just a fact of Lism. Krshia had—straight up until she was in the same room with him on the Council—disliked him intensely. However, there had been that moment where they’d looked at each other and realized they were on the same side, and against the old Council.
And after that…it had taken a while. A few drinks. A few nights of…but that wasn’t why. If Krshia had to explain it—
 
—-
 
The [Carers] initiative was something Lism had come up with. It was not Erin’s idea. It was not even something Erin had helped start. It was entirely Lism’s initiative and it came from years of him doing this.
Liscor’s City Hall had a number of meeting rooms that were seldom actually put to good use. Krshia had, in the practical way of [Shopkeeper’s], decided it was a waste of space and coin and instantly put them to use. Anyone could rent some of the rooms for a get-together, party, or other event. The Council had a few permanently reserved, but it also justified the expense of the [Cleaners] and so on.
Lism had, in turn, put one of the rooms to use for his plan. There was a huge map of the city on the wall, constantly being updated with new streets. But what mattered were the pins.
“I want someone to check on Mister Eli. I don’t care if he throws things or snaps at you. Just make sure he’s actually eating. Is there anything to report?”
For now, Lism was running the meeting room. He had about forty people whom he was paying today. It was a side-job for most, but they had access to food, potions if need be, and an existing network of people who donated to the [Carers] project.
A few Gnolls and Drakes raised their hands. One reported a Drake woman had broken her leg in a fall. A [Healer] was taking care of her and three neighbors had volunteered to help look after her when she returned home. Even so—Lism tasked a rotation to make sure she was looked after.
It embarrassed Krshia that she hadn’t thought of this herself. But she never would have, honestly. The groups of paid volunteers would go across the city to every person on the list. Person or family, and make sure they were looked after.
The names were either young, or old, or people who could not take care of themselves for one reason or another. Lism had brought a list with him when he’d begun the organization, which was now a city-backed initiative. He’d been doing this for years.
“Just make sure Eli has food and water and looks healthy. Is his apartment a mess? Are there bugs? If we need to, one of the Council will speak to him, or one of the Watch. That’s all you have to do.”
He was speaking to one of the volunteers. Krshia watched, checking off names on the list. That was her addition.
Here was the thing. They really did work together well. Lism had come up with the idea of paying people to do what had been a volunteer service. Using the city’s organization and resources to collect goodwill instruments. Instead of a whole damn pie being given to some poor widow or [Veteran] who might not even like pies—it was divided up and shipped out with other gifts donated here. Got a chair you don’t use? Donate it here and someone would use it.
It was one of those things that made sense. Like Gnoll tribes supporting each other. Again though—Krshia couldn’t take credit for it.
