7.51
Page 40
Lyonette ran into Pallass, shouting. Erin saw Ishkr wrestling with the magic door.
“Leave it! Into the Garden! Close the hallway off!”
“Stay behind me.”
Hexel was covering the door with a wand as Erin and Ishkr ran back in. They slammed the door as people screamed. The [Innkeeper] looked around. Mrsha, Ekirra, and Visma were staring wide-eyed at her from the [Garden of Sanctuary].
“Don’t leave. Close the door if they come through.”
Fortress Beavers were forming a protective wall between the children and the door. Erin turned. She drew the knife at her belt. The magic door…she should have tried to get Pelt. Or…
“Everyone stay calm. Go into the Garden. They can’t get in. Ishkr—”
He handed her a crossbow. The staff were pressed up against the arrow slits in the hallway. But there was no Numbtongue. No Relc. Or Pawn or…
The Raskghar stormed up the hill, howling. The others had their plan. But they wanted only one thing. They were armed with low-grade magical weapons. The last relics the Raskghar possessed. The inn was deserted, doors locked. Windows shuttered.
The band of thirty circled the inn. Some threw javelins up at the Antinium, who’d taken cover. But the rest just wanted inside.
The door was closed. The Raskghar began to pound on it. They were so strong. The reinforced wood began to shudder with the impacts and one began carving into the door’s hinges with a magical sword. The Raskghar braced as they felt the door giving. Horns were blowing from the walls, but too slow for the inn. They moved back to ran in one rush—
And the outhouse door behind them swung open.
The Raskghar whirled. Someone kicked out the roll of toilet paper. It was…a Drake?
He was naked. And another two fellows with hats slowly rose out of the grass. One dusted at his coat. But they held back.
The naked Drake looked at the Raskghar. And there was something—that made them hesitate.
Saliss looked one of the Raskghar up and down. They had to outweigh him many times over. They were taller, bulkier. The [Alchemist] nodded.
“So you’re Raskghar. That adventurer, Jelaqua wears you better.”
Thirty one. Bird had dropped one more. He was peeking over the edge of his tower and the Gentlemen were stepping to the sides. But it was Saliss who stood there.
One of the Raskghar brought up a shield and charged, a spear raised. The Named Alchemist flicked the vial up and exhaled.
He blew a spray of acid across half the Raskghar. The liquid was colorless, exceptionally fine. They began screaming and dropped their weapons, clawing at their faces and their dissolving fur. The others dodged sideways—
And ran into the flasks flying at them.
Wilovan and Ratici shielded their faces. They felt the flash—heard a few screams. When they looked, Saliss was walking around. He tossed the last of the acid in his vial on the Raskghar still alive. He turned and the Gentlemen Callers lowered their weapons.
That was how Erin found Saliss. The Named Adventurer swung the door open to the common room. She stared, armed with a jar of acid herself and a knife.
The Named Adventurer. Saliss of Lights. For a moment, his face was terribly blank. Then he spread his arms.
“Is all this for me?”
Wilovan never took his eyes off the Drake’s smiling face from behind. He put away his club. And looked out across the Floodplains towards Liscor. The rest of the Raskghar—
 
—-
 
Zevara raced for the gates with her sword drawn. Everyone was running the other way, but she shoved past them, cursing, with every [Guard] in the city on her heels. Olesm was running too, with Maviola. Embria had already passed them both.
