7.51
Page 42
“Stay where you are! If you move any closer, you will be killed!”
He pointed his sword at her. Maviola was staring at him.
“They’re children, Olesm—”
She pointed at some of the Raskghar. But Olesm was just staring at them. The Raskghar were peeking at him, the Watch. Repeating the words.
Surrender. Mercy. And the blue-scaled Drake thought—
Oh, how clever.
Too clever. Olesm began to believe these were all the Raskghar. And if they were—look at them. They were going to die without help. Healing potions? You could kill them faster than an arrow if you tossed a healing potion on them.
Olesm hesitated. He turned his head and saw Zevara blocking Krshia. The Gnoll [Councilwoman] had come running with her own bow. She was pointing at them and demanding—Zevara kill them. The Watch Captain was busy. The air was tense, even as Embria came back and reported that Saliss had locked down the inn.
But any trigger could set the furious Gnolls off. Drakes too—hundreds of weapons were being trained on the Raskghar. Maviola didn’t understand, but she had not been there. The Antinium were marching out of the Hive.
He could end them right now. Olesm just had to shout ‘attack’ and they’d die. Half of him was telling him to do just that.
End it. You know what could happen. You know how smart they were.
“Mercy, kind Drake.”
The Raskghar sniveled at him. She was clearly afraid. But that too-intelligent gaze was on him. Olesm pointed his sword at her.
“Where is Nokha? Your leader?”
He hadn’t seen her. Was she hiding? The Raskghar’s eyes flickered. She cowered.
“Don’t know. Mercy! Left. Left moons ago. Mercy! Treat wounds? Prisoners. Kind! Didn’t kill adventurers.”
“What?”
Olesm stared. Then he realized—the Raskghar had a bunch of struggling forms lying next to them.
Good thing no one had used an area-spell, because the two Silver-rank teams who’d gone into the dungeon would have been caught up in the blast. They were all battered—but alive. Olesm stared. The Raskghar pointed as someone cried out, seeing the adventurers. It was meant to prove how desperate they were. But Olesm’s scales began to crawl.
They’d planned this. Nokha was missing. He looked around.
Do it. It was cruel. There were children there. But look at them and know what they did. What they want. This was a trap. Olesm saw the female Raskghar staring at him. Then at his eyes. Her smile flickered.
“Open f—”
Zevara grabbed Olesm’s arm a moment before Maviola. The Watch Captain and [Strategist] stared at each other. Zevara was breathing hard.
“Strategist Olesm. Are we monsters or people, Strategist Olesm?”
She looked at the Raskghar. Olesm stared at them too, then at her.
“Are these monsters or people, Watch Captain?”
Her eyes flickered. She had to see it too. Zevara was no fool. Two hundred prisoners? Each one who got stronger as the moon rose? Who lived to eat Gnoll hearts and grow stronger? With Nokha missing?
But she was Watch Captain Zevara. She knocked his arm down and turned.
“Ask a Goblin. Anyone who opens fire without provocation will be imprisoned! Stand down!”
Maviola looked at Olesm. She did not ask ‘what were you going to do?’ Or anything trite like that. She knew. The [Lady Firestarter] stepped over to Olesm.
“Are they like Crelers, then?”
She looked at him, weighing his response, looking at the Raskghar. Are they Crelers, to be exterminated? Olesm shuddered.
“Worse. Crelers don’t choose to be what they are.”
 
—-
 
So that was how Erin Solstice arrived. How the others came flooding into the inn—too late and unneeded, Numbtongue with his shiny sword he’d not even got a chance to swing.
