7.51
Page 37
“…More permits for working Ant—”
“We will sequester that without a substantive deal. It is not of merit. I am sorry. Your suggestions are lacking compared to the Antinium’s contribution.”
Lism’s teeth audibly ground together. Krshia was half-delighted, but she was on Liscor’s side. So she leaned forwards.
“What would the Antinium like, Belgrade?”
“An expansion to the Hive’s—”
“No.”
The two chorused. Belgrade shrugged.
“Xrn said you would say that. I do not know what else to say.”
Krshia exchanged a look with Lism. He held up a finger. He had one hook. She glared at him. It had better be a good one! She tried one more time with Belgrade before Lism moved in. Even lowering his expectations helped make the last deal stick.
“Besides that, then, Belgrade. What do the Antinium want for a better life? A better Hive? We can attempt to make that happen, yes?”
The [Trapsetter Tactician] stopped eating the slices of meat. He…looked at Krshia, his mandibles open.
“Life can get better than it is now? Is that possible?”
Krshia’s mouth opened and closed. And what was she supposed to do with that?
“Yes?”
“I…more food? More tasty food? More Fortresses of Fluff?”
“Fortresses of…?”
Lism coughed. Krshia sat back as the Drake leaned forwards.
“Interesting you should mention that, Belgrade. Food, you say? I have noticed the Antinium have been buying a good number of supplies.”
“Garry makes food. Food is better than paste.”
The two [Councilmembers] nodded on the basis that this was entirely correct. Lism checked his notes again.
“What would you say if I were to offer the Antinium something for the supply of stone and man—antpower to building more improvements to the city?”
“I would say that you have not so far.”
Lism heard Krshia laughing silently. His eyes narrowed, but he turned it into a winning smile.
“Ahem. Well, now I am. I’m prepared to offer the Antinium…six square miles of space.”
Krshia fell out of her chair. She got up as Belgrade’s mandibles opened.
“We will take that.”
“Lism! You cannot do—”
The Drake held up a claw. He studied Belgrade and went on.
“Aboveground only. An Antinium-district or farmland. You can dig…ten feet below street-level? But no further. And we will check.”
“Aboveground?”
Belgrade spoke as if he hadn’t heard the words before. Lism nodded.
“Antinium could grow their own food. If it’s farmland—we can offer more space on the Floodplains. Think about it. Antinium [Farmers], harvesting the fruits of the land or…whatever you want to grow. Fresh, free produce.”
“Ooh. Oooh.”
The Antinium stared at something only he could see. Krshia looked at Lism, amazed despite herself. So that was his big offer.
Expanding the Hive was not a move Liscor or the Drake cities could ever countenance. But farmland? Antinium buildings? Belgrade only had to think for a minute.
“The Free Queen and Xrn will wish to listen to this. I will relay it to them and return to you later if that is acceptable.”
“Of course. Consider the offer. We can negotiate! Is that clear? It’s negotiable!”
Lism called out after Belgrade’s back. He turned to Krshia.
“I hope it—he—understand there’s room for negotiation. We can do more than six square miles.”
She sat there, looking at him. All of this today. It wasn’t the first time she’d followed Lism rushing about. But this—
“You really want to make the city that much bigger, don’t you, Lism?”
He looked at her as he put his notes away.
“Of course I do. And we should talk about you going to the Meeting of Tribes. Just…I’ll keep Liscor running. Send you [Messages]. Hah! It’ll be a relief to have you gone instead of impeding me!”
