7.51
Page 12
It was different, being Gnolls in a social relationship than most other species. Especially Gnoll-to-Gnoll relationships. Elirr was sure there was a wonderful breadth of emotional baggage and drama any species was capable of. Maybe Dullahans were a bit more stunted emotionally, but most species were alike in their ability to be petty, kind, caring, loving, and so on.
But Gnolls had an extra element. And that was their hearing and smell. Few species had their senses. Which made it…awkward sometimes.
For instance, Krshia didn’t want Elirr to smell her apartment. He knew what she was trying to hide, but it clearly embarrassed her. So he hadn’t eaten there for a while. Or Mrsha. Lyonette was fine; she’d come over for her regular magical lessons recently. But Elirr?
The second thing about Gnolls was—and this was his personal opinion, not an actual truth—female Gnolls were so inquisitive. They just had to have their noses in everyone’s business.
“Putting aside the Meeting of Tribes, Elirr. How are things going?”
The Gnoll grumbled. He’d known this was coming. Krshia couldn’t lay off.
“Fine. I’m busy, but it’s doing well.”
“Ah. Jekle is learning?”
That was the Frost Wyvern’s name. Elirr nodded.
“Yes, yes. He’s quite a handful. Males often are. Territorial. Thinks he has to pee everywhere. And the cats are no help. They’re too smart, but in that vindictive way. The Wyvern tried to mark his territory yesterday. Poor fellow—the cats urinated on him from above. Bullies, the lot.”
Alamaran and the others meowed proudly. Elirr rolled his eyes. He glared at a cat who flipped up its behind at him. The first thing they learned was how annoying that was, so of course, they did it all the time. Krshia chuckled.
“You can manage your Council duties, your shop, and your personal life all at the same time. Very impressive, yes?”
Elirr waved this off.
“The Council makes me feel young. All these new laws and progress. I don’t mind that. The shop? I’m not doing any other animals besides the ones I have and the Wyvern, so it’s not too hectic.”
Krshia nodded agreeably. Then—she pounced, rather like one of the cats.
“Hrm, hrm. And your liaison duties with Architect Hexel? How is that doing, Elirr?”
He looked at her.
“I gave my report to the Council. Why, is there something you missed?”
The female Gnoll grinned like a cat.
“Nothing. I’m not judging you, Elirr. Not at all—it’s just good you’re not in the tribe. You don’t have a wife to be upset, yes?”
Elirr didn’t dignify that with a response. Female Gnolls. Thought they knew it all. Of course, that just might be Silverfang’s matriarchal tribe leaders, Krshia and her sister. What he did was his damned business. So he pushed back.
“I’m sure it’s harder on you to go to the Meeting of Tribes, Krshia. Speaking of which—we haven’t eaten in your apartment. What about there tomorrow?”
Her smiled vanished. Her ears and tail, always good signs of feeling, twitched.
“Perhaps. It’s quite messy…we could eat elsewhere. With Vrrow. There is much to do, Elirr, for the Meeting of Tribes. Thank you for your input. Packing is nearly done—it’s just security for the book and Mrsha to worry about. I should get to the Council, actually. I wanted to go over some of the new proposals—no need to come yourself.”
She got up and fussed with her meal. Elirr, satisfied, watched her retreat. That’s right. You want to play that game? Krshia bade him farewell and he nodded to her.
