7.52
Page 32
“Hah! You’ve just never met anyone with spirit.”
The young [Lady] slapped Erin on the back and grinned at her. Erin staggered, feeling the stinging pain. That had been on purpose. She told herself punching someone who was actually more than four times as old as she was, was not the right thing to do.
Even so—she balled her hand up—and saw Maviola was holding something.
A red flame. It was deep red, not like the red of a fire, but brighter than blood. It was beautiful—but even looking at it made Erin feel angrier. And she felt the emotion coming from the fire.
Fury. She looked at Maviola as the [Lady] held her fire made of memory and emotion.
“Try. We share the same fire, Erin. You can feed your anger into it. I’d conjure another one—but this suited you. You are my inheritor. I should have taught you this long ago.”
The [Lady] smiled. Erin looked at Maviola and grew calmer. She stared at the fire. It was…taking her anger.
“I didn’t know you could do that.”
“Of course you didn’t. You have a lot to learn.”
The fire jumped an inch in Maviola’s palms. Erin narrowed her eyes.
“Is now the moment to teach me?”
“If you want to create more flames. I don’t know what will fit, but I used a flame of happiness in your inn and it helped. Here—try this one and I’ll give you the others.”
Maviola offered Erin the flame. The [Innkeeper] sighed. She reached out for the fire, reluctantly. The [Lady] transferred it to Erin’s palms—
And the fire went out. The two stared at the spot it had been. Then Maviola looked at Erin accusatorially.
“You did that on purpose.”
“No I didn’t! Okay, I wasn’t feeling happy with you, but that should have…can you do it again?”
“Of course I can. Here.”
Maviola made another angry-fire. Erin glowered at her as the [Lady] dropped it in Erin’s palms.
“This time actually c—”
It went out the instant it touched Erin. The two stared at each other.
“You are doing it on purpose. Stop being petty.”
The [Lady] folded her arms. Erin threw up her hands again.
“Me, being petty?”
Then she realized what was wrong. Erin checked herself.
“No. Oh no. I’m covered in hate fire again! It’s all over me! No wonder I’ve been feeling terrible! How do I get it off? How do I—”
Maviola smacked Erin on the shoulder.
“You’re not on fire! I’d be able to tell!”
“Stop hitting me!”
Erin swung at Maviola and the [Lady] backed up. The two gave each other bad-natured looks. Maviola took a deep breath and visibly centered herself.
“I’m going to try again with calming fire. Calm. Perhaps you’re just not able to work the flame of fury at the moment.”
“…’s a stupid sounding name.”
The [Lady]’s eyebrows twitched. She produced a tiny flame of calm and handed it to Erin.
“Just take some this time.”
Erin reached out to pluck the fire from Maviola’s palm. She grabbed at it—and her fingers passed through.
“Ooh! That’s cool!”
“What is going on? Pick it up!”
“I’m trying! It’s not—”
The fire went out. This time because Maviola clearly lost whatever calmness had gone into the fire to begin with.
“What is happening? Can you take this fire or not?”
The furious red flame covered her arms and set her long hair aflame. Erin backed up. She saw Maviola extend a burning arm at her.
“Take the damn fire already!”
Erin grabbed at it—and got a handful at last! The fire sputtered on her hand for half a second. And then it went out.
Slowly, the flames on Maviola went out. She and Erin stood there, on the street, panting and looking at each other. Someone tossed them a copper coin. It bounced past Erin’s left foot. Maviola scooped it up and threw it back at the person who’d tossed it.
