7.52
Page 28
“As for the Raskghar—Olesm has confirmed that Nokha gave them instructions to surrender to the city, in hopes of a cure. He’s also made it clear that the Raskghar don’t have other orders…but are unlikely to remain docile once they recover. Nor do we have the space in the prison at the moment. Hexel is already drawing up plans for secure containment, but it will take time, even with Antinium.”
“Sounds about right. Are they under guard?”
“Yes. I doubt two hundred could overwhelm the security checkpoint Calruz—the [Guards] set up.”
Calruz. Erin leaned forwards, urgently.
“Is he in there, with them?”
“Yes. Still in his cell.”
“Can you put him somewhere else? He doesn’t deserve to be locked up with them. He’s not a monster.”
Zevara paused. She eyed Erin and shook her head slowly.
“There are no cells rated to hold someone of his level. It’s temporary. But I can’t deal with any issue other than the Raskghar. Half the city wants them dead. The other half just wants them gone. If I don’t keep a majority of the [Guards] protecting the jail—and only the non-Gnolls—the crowd might rush in and slaughter the Raskghar.”
“Yeah, I saw that. Tense.”
The [Innkeeper] nodded slowly. Zevara waited…for something? Erin stared at her blankly. After a second, the Drake coughed.
“…That would be illegal, obviously. As Watch Captain my duty is to uphold the law. Not all the Raskghar are guilty of murder. Some are, obviously, but they cannot all be executed.”
“Right.”
Another peek at Erin. The Drake slowly turned. She sat down and regarded Erin as she shuffled some papers into line.
“You…don’t have anything to add, Miss Solstice? I had a patrol looking to prevent you from storming into the jail.”
“I wouldn’t do that. I mean—I was going to ask, but I wouldn’t storm in. I uh—might deserve that, but I’m trying to be a good citizen! Really!”
Erin saw Zevara blink a few times at her. The Drake’s face was slack. She was searching every inch of the young woman’s expression for…what?
“So, you don’t have an appeal for me about how the Raskghar should be treated?”
“D-don’t let them out? Watch out for Nokha?”
The blank look from both sides dragged out until Erin had to ask.
“What? What am I supposed to be doing?”
Zevara slowly sat back in her chair, staring at Erin with that strange expression in her eyes.
“Speaking up for the Raskghar. Convincing the crowd not to storm the jail. Worrying about their…wellbeing. Ensuring they are not executed out of hand.”
The [Innkeeper] sat there, confused.
“Me?”
But then—she did see why Zevara and that Gnoll and the crowd would have thought that. Here was Erin Solstice, the Crazy Human of Liscor, the one who fought for Goblins, made friends with the Antinium.
“Do you agree that the Raskghar are not monsters but a people, Miss Solstice? It is not a view all Liscorians share. Even those on the Council. I reminded them that there should be justice. As with Calruz. Goblins, perhaps.”
“Yeah. No—no killing all the Raskghar.”
Her heart wasn’t in it. The Watch Captain looked at Erin strangely. The young woman felt self-conscious. She wasn’t on the ‘kill them all’ side. But it had never even occurred to her to stick up for them.
“I thought you’d have stronger opinions on the matter, Miss Solstice.”
The paper-shuffling thing seemed to be a self-defense mechanism for Zevara. Erin took a deep breath.
“I—agree with you, Zevara. The Raskghar aren’t all evil. Probably. It’s good that they’re not being butchered.”
“I see. And do you have any ideas about how to resolve this situation?”
“Me?”
