7.52
Page 13
“He is the only known expert in the world on their capabilities, sir. It was my decision to stand by his advice, which only goes as far as whether the Raskghar could bend the steel bars of their cells. Which they could on some of the iron ones. Sir. I take full responsibility for the decision.”
Lism’s outraged mouth clicked shut.
“Is the Minotaur still under confinement?”
“Yessir. In the magical cell.”
But he was not the issue. Or rather…it was a good thing the cell was there. As the old saying went, not to protect Calruz from the Raskghar. Quite the opposite.
 
—-
 
The [Guards] in the jail proper watched as the Minotaur and the Raskghar sat in a staring contest. Neither side moved or blinked. Calruz’s eyes were burning.
“Let me out.”
“Can’t do that, Minotaur.”
Drakes and Humans in the City Watch here only, by the Watch Captain’s orders. One of the Humans looked wary—but he had no bones in the matter, having been hired two months ago. The Drakes eyed the Raskghar with a lot more wariness than Calruz.
“Let me out. And I’ll put an end to my dishonor myself. You won’t have to guard either of us.”
Two hundred sick Raskghar versus a one-armed Minotaur? But then…if you’d seen Calruz fighting, you might wonder…
Even so, none of the [Guards] moved. And it was a strange thing. Beyond strange. But look what time and relativity did.
Here was the Minotaur responsible for so much death. And here were the Raskghar who were arguably just as responsible. But one had been prisoner for months. He was repentant—the same Minotaur who’d charged into the inn full of Crelers and routinely cleared monster nests with a rusted axe, hauled heavy stones all day…
The [Guards] did not like Calruz. But they weren’t the Gnolls who hated him and never got assigned to prison duty. He was familiar to them. And what’s more—an [Honorbound Prisoner]. They had [Appraisal] artifacts and Skills. They could read.
Compare that to the Raskghar. More…bestial than Gnolls. Larger, more primitive, some called them. Certainly with smaller head relative to body size, a more…
Earth Humans would have compared it to their version of Neanderthals versus Humans of their era. The Raskghar were coughing, weakened despite treatment—
But they snarled and sniffed the air and snapped at each other in their own language. The Watch was far warier of them than Calruz.
“Minotaur. You sure the bars can hold?”
One of the Drakes broke the silence to eye the Raskghar standing too close to one of the cell’s fronts. A [Guard] moved them back with a shout and a prod of the spear’s butt.
“They can bend iron. Not steel. I’m sure that one couldn’t. Tell that Human to stop that.”
“Why?”
“They’re too fast. They’ll grab the spear and yank her through the bars.”
The [Guardswoman] stopped. The others looked at Calruz. One of the Drakes coughed.
“You mean…into the bars?”
“No.”
The Watch slowly moved back from the cells. Calruz looked at the overcrowded prison.
“Hypothetically…if they were able to break the cells…”
The Drake glanced at Calruz. The Minotaur’s eyes flickered.
“I’d have explosive and Tripvine type weapons ready to throw. No one walks next to the cells armed with those. They can hear you—don’t go near for any reason unless you make them manacle themselves. Don’t give them anything to throw. I’d put [Archers] behind a magical barricade there. If they come out—abandon the cells. Throw potions and spells in and cast a cloud spell until we’re all dead.”
The Drake glanced at the silent Raskghar. They had heard that. He looked at the others.
Oh, how things changed. Slowly, he nodded.
