7.52
Page 12
A lie that Erin knew she couldn’t keep. But that was how you were supposed to lie to children. Especially your children. And Mrsha—if only she could believe that. Erin held her and looked to the open door, around at the frightened faces.
“It’s going to be alright. Okay? It’s going to be alright. I promise.”
She transferred Mrsha to Lyonette after the crying slowed and a few minutes had passed. Then Erin walked slowly towards the door.
“Handkerchief, Miss Erin?”
Wilovan handed it to Erin for her wet front. She blinked at it and shook her head. Then she checked her waist.
“You two…if you’re here to protect me, we can talk about it later. I have somewhere to be.”
Slowly, she walked past the Gentlemen Callers. They exchanged a glance as Erin walked into the city. Her knife was at her side. It weighed so little. But it was sharper than last time. Erin had prepared her inn, herself for this kind of day.
Never again. She walked into the city as the real troubles began.
 
—-
 
Evil sat in Liscor. Monsters. Things from the dungeon and the ancient past. If those in Erin Solstice’s inn had little sleep—at least they had the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Those living in the city, let alone close to the prison had even less. To be fair—some hadn’t bothered to even try.
It would be wrong to call the group of mostly-Gnolls and some Drakes ‘demonstrators’. Demonstrators implied they had something to demonstrate and were at least vocal about the subject.
This crowd was quiet. And armed. They said little. But if the line of [Guards] around the prison’s entrance were to open—Watch Captain Zevara was certain that the prisoners would be dead within five minutes.
“Prisoners.”
She repeated the word so it lodged in her own head. That was how she had to think of them. Inmates, prisoners…as the law prescribed them. She could hear what other people were saying just fine, thank you very much.
Monsters. The Gnoll’s forsaken ancestors from ages past. Nightmares which deserved neither mercy nor pity.
But they had surrendered. So—treat them like prisoners of war? Criminals each with a part in aiding and abetting murder at the very least?
The Watch Captain wished tea was stronger. Or stamina potions lasted longer. She stood in her office.
“We have the cells for them. Barely. We have to fit multiple to a cell, even in cases where the solitary confinement won’t do. Also—the issue is that we can’t use some of the older cells. On advice, I’ve moved Raskghar only to cells we’re sure can hold them since none can use Skills.”
“On whose advice, Watch Captain?”
The Council was listening. And unlike previous Liscors, this Council seemed prepared to act. Unfortunately—Zevara was at a loss to tell them what she thought should be done.
Not kill all the Raskghar was a good step. But sentencing? Containment? There was going to be trouble soon with the Gnolls who wanted vengeance and everyone knew it.
But the Council had two problems today. The guests from Hectval had arrived unannounced. Getting them situated had been easier with the Raskghar situation, but they’d still been all ruffled scales until they were placed at the Tailless Thief. Not her problem, anyways.
Zevara stood straight and looked past Lism’s shoulder as she always did when she had news that she didn’t want to actually convey. They were all here, including Jeiss, who was in the position of having to be a superior to his boss. There should probably have been a law against that or something.
“…the advice comes from prisoner Calruz of Hammerad, Councilmember Lism.”
“Watch Captain! That Minotaur is responsible for—”
