7.52
Page 23
“Nothing’s wrong. Have heart! And help me out. I need to entertain some fussy Drakes from Hectval. Cheer up, little Mrsha. No one will harm you. See? Hey, Goblin! Catch!”
Her eyes blazed. And so did the fire she conjured. Maviola raised her hand and threw a ball of burning yellow-white. It landed in Numbtongue’s hands and he nearly dropped it.
But the fire was yellow, a pure thing like a dandelion, or the sun on a bright day. And it burned him not at all, but the fuel was him. He grinned—and the fire of happiness, a tiny thing but born of Maviola’s soul, burned a bit larger.
It warmed the Garden. Magic, a Skill. Those within it looked up—and the fire reflected itself in them. It gave to them and then took their energy.
“No one will harm you. Not in this garden! Not in this inn! Haven’t you seen worse? Haven’t you defeated worse?”
Maviola challenged them all. The people raised their heads. And they remembered.
Face-Eater Moths. Skinner! The siege of Liscor. Take heart. If the enemy camps outside your gates, be wary. But don’t despair. Not after all you’ve been through.
Lyonette blinked at the yellow fire. It was—like Erin’s flames, but Maviola conjured them more rapidly. Because it was her Skill. And she had experience and time, so much time to master her Skill compared to Erin.
Mrsha smiled and relaxed. And the [Princess] hugged her.
“Oh, so you believe a bit of fire more than me? How dare you, you silly little bean!”
The Gnoll giggled. Bean? She squirmed out of Lyonette’s grip to go apologize to Visma.
The [Lady] exhaled as Lyonette walked over.
“If you say I’m ‘like Erin’, I’ll have to slap you. Olesm says it all the time. I was here first. Erin copies me.”
“Erin’s not like you.”
The [Princess] remarked, her eyes on Maviola. She couldn’t have missed how Maviola had changed. But both Maviola, young and old were unlike Erin. Erin was concerned and had gone into the city.
Maviola ignored the shadows. She looked around and saw a Stitchgirl waking up at last after having been passed out well into the morning.
“Wuzzat? Did someone want me?”
Octavia yawned, and then was seized by Maviola. The [Lady] looked at her.
“I need some of your ingredients. Can you unlock your alchemy shop for me? I’ll pay you back. 12% over the market value!”
The [Alchemist] blinked. She had no idea what was going on, but the first words out of her mouth were—
“18%. And I want a receipt.”
“16.”
“17?”
“16, and hurry up!”
Octavia got up and looked around. Maviola was striding about.
“Imani! Palt! I need food! Liscor will pay for it all! We’re catering to a fancy party and you two have what I need! Can someone get a bag of holding and deliver it to City Hall?”
“What’s going on, Maviola? A party?”
The [Lady] winked at Lyonette.
“Just one of those Drake city things. I’m helping. Lyonette, can you get me in touch with the Players of Celum? And then I need to work on Pallass. Actually—I’ll do Pallass as soon as I deal with the food.”
The three keys to a good party were as followed for Maviola: fame, fortune, and exoticism. She’d never quite figured out how to get that last word to start with an ‘f’.
“You want us to cater for this reception, Maviola? I can cook—but I’m only familiar with Balerosian dishes.”
“Is it…safe, Palt? To go into the kitchen?”
“Perfectly, Imani. And I’m here.”
The Centaur reassured the young woman. Montressa snorted as she and Beza inspected Maviola’s fire.
“And that means…? Watch out for broken ribs, Imani.”
Palt glared as he ushered Imani out into the inn. Maviola was busy explaining.
