7.52
Page 5
…And she realized she hadn’t any idea where his secret compartments were. He kept showing her and she kept glazing over the details. Erin peered at a chair leg. She eyed a loose floorboard—no? One of the Antinium stopped to stare at Erin climbing onto a table to inspect one of the beams in the ceiling.
“Anyone seen a crossbow hiding around here?”
She was just giving up on the crossbow thing. It wasn’t as if she was that great a shot compared to her aim with an acid jar, anyways. Then, Erin heard an angry voice outside.
“Get back here! Get back h—”
A bee flew out of the kitchen, carrying a trail of smoke. Erin and the Antinium stared as Apista buzzed back into the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Carrying a full cigar. She had purloined it from the owner, who clip-clopped into the room a moment after her.
“You damned pest! That’s my—”
The drug-carrying bee disappeared into the Garden as Palt stopped. He saw Erin and coughed into a fist.
“Oh, hey, Erin..”
“Did you get that bee hooked on…?”
Erin stared at Apista and then at the Centaur. He raised his hands defensively.
“No! Probably not? I’m amazed it likes my cigars. But since it doesn’t pay—er, hi, Erin. Did you sleep well?”
“Mhm. Thanks for help with those [Calm] and [Soothe] spells.”
The Centaur’s face softened.
“My pleasure. How’s Imani?”
“Still asleep.”
The two stood together. Palt produced a cigar—a long, thin one this time. Bright orange. He lit a finger—and hesitated. He looked sidelong at Erin and she waved a hand.
“Go for it. Today’s a rough day, anyways. I could almost use one.”
She flicked the cigar he proffered her away.
“Almost.”
The [Illusionist] gratefully lit up. After a few puffs—the smoke flowed into a small ball over his head—he spoke out of the corner of his mouth.
“Good thought you had with the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Ingenious, really.”
“Mm. It’s obvious. All my smart ideas are.”
Sleep in the Garden. Really—it just made sense. Palt shrugged.
“I didn’t think of it and no one else did. You know, I looked it up. Er—I was doing a bit of digging. With my faction…just out of necessity, you know…”
“Go on.”
Erin gave him a look as she decided she had room for like—half a pizza slice or something nice. One of the boiled eggs with pepper, maybe. Palt exhaled more smoke.
“It’s an Inheritance Skill. And since you probably don’t know—it’s a Skill that only one or a few people get at a time. There’s another famous carrier in Izril—well, I can name four total worldwide including you, now. Lots more in secret, perhaps.”
“What, the [Garden of Sanctuary]?”
Erin blinked. But she remembered what the Grand Mage had told her. An [Empress] had first owned this Skill. Palt nodded.
“It is—or was—a secluded place for those of royal classes. Occasionally others. A [Healer], an actual [Gardener]…you’re using it um, differently.”
“How so?”
The Centaur gestured at the door.
“They used it as a refuge. Not as somewhere where you’d let someone sleep. Mind you—it’s secure. The most secure place I could name. You could—well, build a room in there, couldn’t you? Live there. Unable to be harmed except by someone of exceptional levels. I know some people who’d pay you a thousand gold a month for that.”
Erin nodded absently. Then she looked at the [Garden of Sanctuary] and shook her head.
“But it can’t support everyone in there right now. It’s too small. And if the inn goes, so does it. Also…”
“Also?”
He prompted her after a moment. Erin looked into the Garden, where more people were waking up, then up at Palt.
