7.52
Page 41
“So that’s how it is. It wasn’t in them all along. Silly Human.”
Lyonette’s back was to Erin. She was sweeping up gold leaf that had been dropped on the ground.
“What was that, Erin? Are they getting to you in Liscor? And who’s coming through the door? Is it—”
She heard a gasp. A small intake of breath. Lyonette du Marquin saw a glow illuminate the inn. The [Princess] turned.
Erin Solstice held a flame in her palms. She had reached into her chest and pulled it out. It had been there all along. She had found none in the Raskghar. Because it was not in them.
“Erin…what fire is that?”
The [Princess] lowered the broom. Erin, the [Innkeeper] cupped her hands slowly. The flame was grey. Not white. Not black. But perfectly, even agonizingly split between the two. Radiant. Yet—static. The flames looked cut out of the air, moving with an odd pattern, like stop-motion. Each flame as if it were a single image reformed in a slightly different spot and size a moment later.
What fire? What emotion? Lyonette opened her mouth to ask again. But she realized she didn’t have to. It burned in her. Erin lifted the fire. And she said—
 
—-
 
Maviola El sensed the fire like a spark in her mind. She entered the inn, panting. And there Erin Solstice stood. She turned—and Maviola gasped.
“What—what is that flame?”
“You don’t know it?”
The [Lady] shook her head. She struggled for words as she stared at the foreign fire.
“That’s not—I’ve never seen it before. How did you—? It shouldn’t be possible.”
She had never made the fire Erin was holding. Hers were emotions. They blazed across Maviola’s soul. But the one Erin held? The [Innkeeper] returned the [Lady]’s gaze.
“A different perspective.”
Maviola straightened. And she nodded, slowly. She pointed.
“That’s your fire. Yours and yours alone. I—don’t know if I could create it. Learn it? Perhaps. But I could never form the spark. How did you?”
The young woman looked down.
“It was in me the whole time. I just didn’t see it with the Raskghar.”
The flame flickered in her palms, growing larger. It was a single idea. But too complex for any one emotion. Maviola read the fire’s nature in a moment as Erin closed her eyes.
Mercy.
A word the Raskghar used but had no notion of. Yet—she did. The fire Erin Solstice held was grey.
Grey. Neither black nor white, but the most terrible of the flames Erin had ever conjured. It was not invisible hatred, eating away at your body. It was—
“Lyonette. I need to borrow your broom.”
Silently, the [Princess] held out her broom. Erin took it. The flames covered the handle of the broom, the brush end, slowly, as Erin ran her palm down it.
The fire caught and burned. The wood…began to disintegrate. Faster than hatred, or depression. Not as fast as happiness left. But a slow wane.
And the way the fire looked. It was that static impression of blades that made Maviola marvel. As if each lick of flame were…separate. Cutting, rather than burning.
It was a stick with a thousand blades of fire. Erin swung it. It was not a good weapon. But it did hurt. She lifted it up, and then shouldered it.
“Let them into Liscor, Lyonette. I’m going first. To make sure.”
She walked out of the common room and into the hallway. Maviola followed. The [Innkeeper] walked into the hallway, and then found a Hobgoblin. He was playing cards with two fellows with hats.
The Gentlemen Callers looked up. Wilovan and Ratici stared at the flaming broom. Numbtongue just grinned.
“Nice fire.”
“Thanks. I’m going for a walk, you guys. I don’t think there’ll be trouble. But there might be a mob and riot if it goes badly.”
