7.52
Page 43
The Gentlemen Callers stood, listening. They had taken off their hats—a gesture that meant something else anywhere else. But they listened now, as the [Innkeeper] spoke to the Goblin.
“Because it hurts. If they were monsters, it wouldn’t hurt.”
“Oh. So what does it change? Can it make them…better?”
The [Innkeeper] shook her head.
“I don’t have that kind of power, Numbtongue. The fire’s for me, not for them. That’s sort of how it works. That is all I can give them. Give Liscor and Zevara.”
She pointed. A second commotion was occurring outside. Her visitors had arrived and Lyonette had let them into the city.
In the end, Bird was right. Erin had no good answer for the Raskghar. Neither did Zevara. But they could not stay here. Not in Liscor’s jail, where they were wanted dead.
It wasn’t even a nice jail. Sort of smelly, small, nothing to do, and the Minotaur had dibs. But Erin had been in a larger, nicer prison. Very secure. Lots of space.
An old Drake walked forwards, using a cane to support his weight. He was flanked by dozens of [Soldiers] in yellow armor. He nodded at Erin. And Watch Captain Zevara and the Watch of Liscor. When he spoke—it was in the same ringing tones with which she had heard him defying the Wyverns.
“I am Grand Strategist Chaldion. By my authority, and the consent of the Watch Captain of Liscor, I will take the Raskghar prisoners to Pallass.”
A roar of protest followed his words. The [Strategist] slashed with a claw and there was silence. He went on.
“Given the nature of the crimes the Raskghar have committed—they will all be tried and their guilt determined by magic and Skill and law. No one is above the law, and no one beneath it. The Raskghar will be imprisoned—and those responsible for their heinous crimes will be executed by the end of the week. The rest will be prisoners of Liscor and Pallass until their fate is determined.”
Faces turned back to Erin. The [Innkeeper] exhaled. Numbtongue let her lean against him. And the crowd’s objections—still present—were subdued.
They were going to die. And the sapphire eye of the [Grand Strategist] held little mercy in his own right.
“Some live, some die. But they do die.”
The Hobgoblin remarked to Erin. She nodded without saying a word. Numbtongue watched as Chaldion ordered the first mobile cells to be brought on Pallass’ side of the magic door. They’d load the Raskghar straight into them.
“Why did you work so hard to do it this way? Easier to just not care.”
The young woman looked up at the Goblin. And then sideways. The Gentlemen Callers heard her reply.
“So I could live with myself. Chaldion promised to give the children a chance.”
Wilovan and Ratici stirred. They looked at Erin. Then, slowly, the Gentlemen Callers put their hats back on their heads. They tipped them to Erin and bowed.
“It doesn’t seem that arduous now, does it, Ratici?”
“No indeed, Wilovan. Not if you meet the right sorts. Well done, Miss Solstice.”
She didn’t nod or shake her head. She just hugged Numbtongue. And then she went home. The fire still burned, though. The same light that had been there for the Redfangs, for Goblins and Antinium.
It lit The Wandering Inn that night. In a little lantern Erin had made, like her sad fire. She didn’t know what this one’s purpose was. Mrsha had tried cutting a carrot on it, but it just made lots of little cuts and wasn’t that great.
The little white Gnoll had been staring at it for a long time. Listening to what it told her. It was Erin’s special flame. And when she touched it—it cut her not at all. It was so warm.
