7.52
Page 22
“Pallass was first, Uncle. And we’ve been in contact with Esthelm, Celum, Invrisil—”
“That’s not the same! This is a city like us. Come now, I know you can think of something!”
Olesm tried, he really did. But the Raskghar was too big.
“Er…have the Players of Liscor put on a show and turn the entire City Hall into a large festive area? We have large enough rooms. Make the entrance lobby up—give them some gifts like trophies from the dungeon, get some of Erin’s food—”
“No, no, no! You want to impress them, don’t you? Make them feel indebted?”
Maviola interrupted Olesm. She clapped her hands together, looking excited.
“Leave it to me.”
The two Drakes looked at her.
“Maviola, you’re not even a Drake.”
The [Lady Firestarter] winked at Olesm’s dubious expression.
“But I am a [Lady] and I know how to impress fellow nobles. I can help! Just give me the authority to use some gold, and one hour. Olesm’s right—we’ll turn City Hall into a grand reception.”
“Really? Er—Olesm, your Human friend…”
Lism tried to draw Olesm away, but Maviola just leaned into both of them and put her hands on their shoulders. The Drakes looked at her and she smiled impishly.
“I think she knows more than us, Uncle.”
“Very well. What do I do, then?”
“Get as many of the old Council and important Drakes as you can. No one under Guildmaster status. Tekshia Shivertail, definitely. Dress up—in whatever traditional Drake clothing you can. You get the gifts, too. And some good wine! Olesm, I’ll handle this! Keep dealing with the Raskghar!”
Then Maviola was gone. She was laughing as she ran from the Watch House. Having the time of her life. Lism eyed Olesm.
“Not that I mind your, er, choices, Nephew. And it’s not my decision, it’s yours—”
“Uncle, I like her. And it’s…”
Olesm bit off the word he was going to say. Temporary. Oh, Ancestors. But Lism just patted Olesm solemnly on the shoulder.
“She seems…nice. Quite spirited. Good to have someone like that in your life. I’ll er, get ready for the delegation. You continue keeping us safe.”
He hurried off. Olesm opened and closed his mouth. Who had replaced his uncle? He shook his head.
 
—-
 
The trust Lism put in Maviola El was surprising. And not. She was…not Erin Solstice. But sometimes you looked at her, especially if you knew who she was.
Erin Solstice would not have been the right choice for delegates from a touchy Drake city. But Maviola El? She understood diplomacy, politics.
And it was easy. Drakes, Humans—she had a simple three-step plan to throwing a proper reception.
Maviola raced into The Wandering Inn. She could have cartwheeled, despite the Raskghar, despite the mood of the city.
She was alive! She had felt young before, of course, rejoiced in regaining her body, her mobility and energy. But this? This felt like the moments after she had first taken the Potion of Youth, spurning Belavierr and riding off. She felt like she was bursting with energy. This was true youth that Saliss had given her. Blessed, beautiful.
She wanted to live forever like this.
“Lyonette! Octavia! I need you, quick, quick! And you, Palt, and Imani! There’s money to be made and people to impress! And I need one of the Players! And—”
And the inn was empty! Almost deserted. The Antinium stared at Maviola as she whirled.
“Where is everyone?”
In the Garden, of course. Lyonette stared at Maviola as she cuddled a still red-eyed Mrsha.
“Maviola? What’s wrong? Is it the—”
Mrsha looked up fearfully with the others. Maviola saw the anxious faces and smiled.
