7.52
Page 4
Busybodies? Erin would attend to food first. Food made the world better. Speaking of which—
She looked around for her mother before she bit into a lukewarm piece of pizza. Just—because her mother would have had something to say about that for breakfast. An odd thing, to think of her mother. Erin really didn’t…so the pizza bite’s swallow was a bit hard for reasons other than consistency.
Mom now…her mom didn’t understand the joys of cold pizza over a morning game of chess. Whether that was in the morning or night didn’t matter mom! She wasn’t gaining weight!
Erin prodded at her stomach just in case. Decent, decent. Lasica could always make her famous weight-loss menu.
“The joys of a magical world. Hey, can you all help me bring the food out? No—you can finish your breakfast first—”
A dozen Soldiers walked into the kitchen. Erin sighed, but directed them with the goods into the common room. And then, after a moment’s thought, she had them roll one of the round tables into the garden and set up there.
That proved to be a good move because people were waking up—or hadn’t slept—and few looked like they wanted to leave. Erin let them handle the food, like Ekirra’s mother, who thanked Erin profusely until the [Innkeeper] shushed them both. Little Ekirra was still sleeping.
Bird needed his food so Erin brought it up to him on a plate.
“Hey Bird…”
He didn’t draw his bow at her. Probably because he knew she was coming. Bird sat in his tower.
“Hello, Erin. Is that food for me?”
She smiled at him. Bird was as calm as could be.
“Yes, Bird. I have some of that g—Saltbird you loved so much. And eggs.”
“Oho. A bird breakfast! This is good. Thank you, Erin.”
But Bird didn’t touch the food. Erin saw him looking around.
“What is it, Bird?”
Normally he’d descend on the food. The Worker sighed.
“My hands are full. I must remain at full-vigilance and I cannot eat just yet. I will eat when the sun comes up.”
“…But you have four arms.”
Bird nodded.
“And they are all full, see? I cannot load and fire with only two arms with any efficiency, Erin.”
He had two arrows in his spare hands, his bow in one hand, and another hand on the arrow nocked and ready to go. Erin knew how fast he could loose—he’d taken 1st place in an indoor archery range one time and really ruined the old champion’s day.
“Maybe you could eat with one hand, Bird?”
“But that would decrease my firing time by point…”
“Bird. Maybe it’s safe to be slightly less optimal?”
He considered this.
“What if you fed me?”
Erin passed him the plate. Bird put one arrow down and sighed.
“I will eat. But if we all die because there was an inefficiency in my fire speed, I will be slightly upset!”
“Okay, Bird. You go sleep when everyone’s up, okay?”
“Yes, Erin.”
 
—-
 
It amazed others how calm Erin was. The Raskghar were in Liscor. The killers who had eaten hearts of Gnolls, who grew smarter with each full moon and the two moons were both still pretty full!
And yet—she had done this. It was not that Erin was untroubled. But she was ready. Breakfast done, Erin leaned against a wall and decided—
“Interloper-people. Maybe I should grab one of the crossbows.”
She thought she knew who they were, but they were on the edge of her inn’s ‘radius’ of detection and there was enough reason to be suspicious. Erin looked around for a crossbow. Numbtongue had hidden two dozen around the inn.
“Right here. No. right…here? No?”
