7.52
Page 29
Zevara slapped her papers down. A familiar snap returned to her voice.
“Yes, you! I asked you to come here so I could listen to your input about the Raskghar problem! I do not have a solution! But I hoped—for once—that you would! I cannot let them be executed en masse! That is not justice!”
“I agree with you, Zevara. But I don’t have any ideas.”
The young woman sat there, looking at the Drake. The Watch Captain calmed down a bit.
“But you don’t seem to care. Not about Raskghar. About Antinium or Goblins? If it were a Goblin tribe…but Raskghar don’t count?”
That stung a bit, and made Erin sit up. Because it was…true.
She looked in her heart for the outrage, the passion that would make her stand in front of the prison if it were Rags’ tribe and wave a flag and dare a mob to attack. Even idiot nobles being hunted.
And it was not there. It wasn’t hard to understand, either.
“Goblins…yeah. Goblins maybe. Maybe not the—the Goblins who killed people in Invrisil. But if Goblins were defending themselves? Yeah. But the Raskghar—hunted Gnolls. They ate them. That’s not the same, Zevara.”
“Of course it isn’t. I’d be the first to say so. And yet—I did expect you to defend them, Miss Solstice.”
“Me? They nearly ate Mrsha! They tried to attack my inn yesterday!”
Erin gripped the desk in fury. Zevara’s gaze didn’t move.
“Goblins killed Senior Guardsman Klbkch. They attacked you multiple times. Again, I am not saying it is similar. I am just asking why it is different, Erin.”
The Human sat there. There was something in Zevara’s gaze that bothered Erin more than the arguments. It was…disappointment. And it stung Erin. She tried to qualify her side.
“It’s because the Raskghar attacked. Not defended. They weren’t at war with other species. They saw Gnolls—and sacrificed them. It’s—it’s that. Goblins, Antinium—they’re people. They attack and kill, but that’s because they have enemies. Raskghar—it’s in their very nature to want to eat Gnoll’s hearts, right?”
“Indeed. They’re creatures of legend. I have appeals from two dozen Gnoll tribes to execute or contain them.”
The Drake nodded. Erin went on.
“So…yeah. That’s why. They kidnapped Mrsha, a child, and were killing people. Systematically, in those rituals. It’s not the same to me.”
“Of course. Incidentally, Miss Solstice. It’s said that Goblins are, by their nature, doomed to follow the Goblin King and destroy. The same could be said of the Antinium of Rhir. A relentless foe that—”
Erin slapped the table with her hands and stood up. Zevara looked up at her as the young woman took a deep breath.
“Don’t do that.”
“Miss Erin. Is your objection to the Raskghar personal? Because it was Miss Mrsha, your inn?”
It was. And both Human and Drake knew it. Erin Solstice turned away. When Zevara commented the other species Erin had stuck up for were the same, she had seen it too. Intellectually—Erin could admit it.
There were probably Raskghar who were not evil. But she saw their species as…evil. Dark. Where she had not with the Goblins and Antinium, it was true. She remembered the altar, the cage where Mrsha had been imprisoned. Where they would have dragged Elirr, Mrsha, every Gnoll they could find.
“The difference is that the Goblins, Antinium…it’s not so deliberate. They kill people like…warriors. The Raskghar? It’s like torture. It’s—wrong.”
She couldn’t explain it fully. Zevara nodded.
