7.52
Page 6
“It’s a great safe-room. Even if it wasn’t designed like that. I don’t use most things like how they’re designed.”
She nodded at the magical door. Palt chuckled.
“True. But why not build a house in there or something?”
“Because the inn’s supposed to be a home. If I need to stay in the [Garden of Sanctuary], something’s gone wrong.”
She looked up at him seriously. Palt nodded after another long pull.
“At least it’s comforting to people now.”
“Yeah. Any word from Liscor?”
“I could check. But I just went outside to smoke. Numbtongue’s practicing with his sword.”
The [Innkeeper] glanced towards a window. The Hobgoblin had been on a hill blooming with flowers when Palt saw him.
“He’s fine. I think he’s just mad he didn’t get to cut any of the Raskghar. He feels guilty.”
“Not his fault. He can’t be here forever.”
The [Illusionist] was pragmatic. Palt trotted over to the bowls of soup, saw the floating acid-flies, and trotted back.
“Besides, Saliss of Lights handled the situation better than anyone else could’ve.”
Erin ducked her head. That was true too. He wasn’t here today—but she vividly remembered the [Alchemist] in the moments after the attack had ended.
Saliss had been posing with Ekirra and Mrsha while wearing the ‘privacy box’ in the garden. Comically. He’d reassured everyone that the Raskghar were dead, let everyone else run around and investigate—and played up the silliness for the frightened children.
He’d also killed over thirty Raskghar in less than a minute. Erin had seen the bodies—or what remained.
“And here I thought my acid jars were dangerous. Does he harvest acid too?”
“Maybe. But he probably buys and enhances it. There’s a reason why he’s called the most dangerous Named Adventurer for five minutes. Dead gods and hoof rot, I’d hate to be on his bad side. He’d do your curry trick with Isceil…only with acid.”
Palt wore the same expression Erin had had while thinking about her mother for a moment. Erin nodded. Saliss was capable of protecting anyone he wanted.
Protection, safety, it wasn’t the real issue today, was it? Everyone was vigilant but the Raskghar were detained! In jail! They were safe, and this was just worrying.
Because Nokha hadn’t been with them. Erin bit her lip. But would Nokha dare attack this inn? Palt could probably take her in a fight if he saw her coming.
Yet, it was the things you didn’t see coming. That went bump in the night if they were clumsy. The things you couldn’t predict. Erin was less experienced with that. Most of her fights had been fast, to the death, and immediate.
This was messy. Raskghar prisoners. Potential enemies skulking about. Erin shook her head.
“And why are they here? I had my suspicions and Numbtongue was…Palt? Can you walk out with me one sec?”
“Something wrong?”
The Centaur stopped smoking. He looked quizzically at Erin. She glanced towards a point on the far wall with nothing special in particular about. But she had that look that said she wasn’t looking at the wall.
“I don’t think so. At least, not with the Antinium around. Just in case.”
That didn’t reassure the [Illusionist]. He began muttering spell buffs and casting them on himself. He wasn’t Isceil, who’d been able to decimate an area with a single breath, or Montressa who could throw up barrier spells or Bezale—well, he was closest to Bezale and Ulinde. But he could cast a lot of enchantments on himself if he had prep time.
Even so, he was support. And he reminded Erin of that. She just shrugged.
“It’s probably fine. It’s not strangers.”
“And if it’s trouble?”
“Acid jar.”
“Ah…and if they block or dodge that?”
