7.52
Page 3
Outgunned, Erin looked around. She caught sight of herself in the large scrying mirror. Fortified inn, armed Erin, Antinium ready for a fight.
What if this had been the Erin who arrived in this world way back when? Almost a good thing she hadn’t—the Goblins who’d attacked her and the Rock Crab wouldn’t have survived those meetings. Erin walked into the kitchen and stared at a Worker with a bow sitting next to it.
“Archer C2, get that out of your mouth. I’ll get breakfast. Anyone want food? You know what? I’ll just…”
The Worker slowly spat out the bit of Antinium rations—the bar of—the congealed and dried substance that—
The…semi-solid matter that was slightly crumbly, but was lightweight, kept for over a month, and which even rodents wouldn’t eat. Erin still had to worry about pests, even with her [Field of Preservation]. The Children of the Grain Sack had taught her that, so she did arm her traps.
She’d tried using the Antinium’s field rations until she realized nothing would eat it, not even bugs.
A bee buzzed out of the doorway, saw the room full of predators, and immediately buzzed into the kitchen. Erin, yawning, was grabbing all the pre-mades. Not Imani’s more elegant dishes, but the old standards she made.
Pizza, big pots of soup you could warm up…damn.
“They can’t eat these pizzas. Where’re Garry’s special pizzas with his dough? Let’s see…oho!”
The ‘oho’ was because Imani had labeled everything. One of the things Erin had never done.
‘Antinium-safe foods’ was a pantry with a lot of space in it. So much so that Erin had food for all the Antinium just from it alone. She began heating things up. Meanwhile, Apista crawled around.
The bee wasn’t hungry, per se. Since the Garden had an ample supply of all the plants she could want and she had a small supply of emergency-honey she was adding to.
However, she was a bit—jazzed. She could take the edge off. Mrsha and Lyonette had been worried, and the air, to the bee, was a bit tense. Apista cast about and then flew out of a window Erin cracked open to let some fresh air in and the smoke from the fires out.
“Hm. Hm…okay. Hey guys! Food! Come and get it. Help yourselves.”
Erin put Soldier-safe bowls and the first pot of soup out after a few minutes. Antinium clustered around. Assured by Erin that the bread was Garry’s and thus safe, they lathered it up with butter and dipped it into the rich—and buggy—soup.
Funny thing about Antinium. The ones like Yellow Splatters had no problem doing anything. But Erin took the extra minute because she knew Antinium to make a few pick up the butter knife.
“Put butter on the bread. It’s optional, but you’re allowed to do it, see? All of you, have one buttered slice. That’s an order.”
She phrased it like that because if you gave an Antinium a loaf of bread and something optional, they wouldn’t ever do the optional bit. Like condiments—you had to teach them it was alright to use up a stick of butter. It was…them thinking a bit of ketchup was worth more than they were.
Just a small thing. But you had to do it in Erin’s mind. So one of the things Ishkr taught [Servers] was to add condiments to an Antinium table’s order so they’d eat it. Don’t give them the jar of ketchup! And yes—it was a jar. Erin hadn’t developed squeeze-technology yet, at least in a way she was happy about.
“Greedy Drakes now, they’ll take the jar with them. Especially the food-thieves. Don’t see them around.”
Erin shot a glance around the inn, as if checking for the spies who liked to frequent her inn. To her surprise…she realized the inn had a few people loitering outside.
