7.52
Page 39
He looked at her as if to ask. Was he right? People wanted to know. They looked to Erin. Why was she…?
Because Maviola was right. If anyone was going to give the Raskghar the benefit of the doubt…she took a huge breath.
“Zevara. Is right. The law’s right. If the Raskghar are people—if they were animals. Like this herd of wolves that ate people.”
“Er—pack of wolves. They don’t have herds.”
Erin glared at the Drake and he shut up.
“Pack of wolves. Okay, if there was a…pack of wolves, and they ate people. What would they do?”
“Send for [Hunters]. Exterminate the pack. Wolves that eat people—they’re people-eaters.”
Erin nodded.
“But are like, wolf pups going to do that? What if you let them live? Adopted them?”
The Drake sighed.
“Some might say they learned from their parents.”
“But do they deserve to die?”
He hesitated.
“…I wouldn’t object if the [Hunters] let ‘em live. Some might.”
Erin nodded. She didn’t know where she was going with this. It was just—if you let animals live, you should probably let people do the same. She tried to summarize it.
“Zevara is right. Raskghar can think. They can use tools and stuff. They’re people. Unless they have no hearts or souls.”
She and the Drake paused.
“On paper, Zevara is right. If you don’t talk to Raskghar—she’s right that some deserve a chance.”
And there it was. Reality did not meet expectations, please send other species for mercy. Because the Raskghar deserved none. And Erin could not immediately prove they had anything worthy of redemption in them.
Gnolls were dead. Murderers—clear murderers sat in the prison. Erin took a deep breath.
“What do I say?”
“Let ‘em all go to the noose except the children? Or the ones who’re actually innocent?”
The young woman looked up at the Drake [Guard]. She closed her eyes and then nodded. She stood up and looked around, lost.
“Yeah. I’m afraid…that’s close.”
But how did you even do that? The crowd was gathering. The Raskghar’s cells were overcrowded. And this—this city did not want even that lenience. It wanted blood. Death. Erin looked across it all. And she went to find a jury of the Raskghar’s peers.
 
—-
 
It was a simple question Erin asked Numbtongue. Then Pawn. And then Bird because…it was a wildcard answer.
“What would you do about the Raskghar?”
She wasn’t expecting wisdom. But they were the same people who had faced similar treatment. Her answer was simple.
“Kill the adults. Let children go. Kill them if they grow up and try to kill you. Or kill all of them.”
Numbtongue’s was a Redfang’s answer. There was no equivocation. And it was a bloodthirsty answer until Erin remembered he was still a Goblin who had fought other tribes and other peoples. Murder was murder.
“I—believe only the Raskghar who were responsible for killing a Gnoll directly should be killed.”
Pawn’s was the opposite of the spectrum. Erin asked why. The [Priest] clasped his hands together.
“If it were Antinium—they would follow orders. Antinium have killed many for the Queens. They would not know better. Perhaps.”
“And what do you do with the survivors, Pawn?”
He looked at her.
“Try to make them better, Erin. As you did with us. Did you see nothing of us in there? If they are a people…”
“I didn’t, Pawn.”
The Worker hesitated. He looked at Erin.
“Nothing?”
“Not that I could see.”
Solemnly, Pawn nodded. He looked at Erin, sitting wan at the table.
“Perhaps, then, you must believe there is goodness there. And try.”
That answer bothered her almost as much as Numbtongue. Erin had sat right there and looked at Asoma. Surely…
