7.52
Page 27
Another squad pounded down the street. The [Lieutenant] raised one hand and shouted at the second squad of Liscor’s Watch.
“We got her! Stand down!”
The other [Guards] stopped and looked visibly relieved. One of them actually took off a helmet to wipe at his brow. Erin began to feel hurt by all of this—until she remembered half the things she’d done.
“Am I under arrest?”
The [Lieutenant] gave Erin a side-long look.
“And where would we put you? We evicted everyone but the worst criminals to get the Raskghar in there. No, the Watch Captain just requests your presence. Without incident? Please?”
“I just wanted to find out what the Raskghar were up to. Okay, fine. Stop looking at me like that!”
Erin sighed and walked with the entire patrol moving around her, clearing a way down the street. After two streets she had to protest again.
“Guys. Guys. Can you stop shouting for people to clear the way? This is really embarrassing.”
“Watch Captain’s orders, Miss. Move it, you lot! You—ma’am. Ma’am. Stow that enchanted arrow now, please…”
The air was tense. The city unhappy. And for some reason, Erin saw Ishkr bringing a stack of pizzas towards City Hall. Well, you didn’t need an excuse for pizza, she supposed. Life got weird.
“Hey Zevara, you wanted to see me?”
The Watch Captain was in her office. The patrol, having escorted Erin to the building, loitered downstairs leaving Erin to walk up to the office and knock by herself.
“Come in. Have a seat, Miss Solstice.”
The Watch Captain looked weary. Sleepless. The look she gave Erin was only slightly less miffed than normal. In other words, deeply suspicious that Erin would ruin her day.
“Thank you for not causing an incident.”
She rubbed at one eye. Erin folded her arms.
“I wasn’t going to! I just wanted to make sure the Raskghar weren’t up to something. Are they up to something?”
She took a seat as the Watch Captain looked around.
“I’d offer you something to drink, but I don’t know when that tea kettle appeared. As far as we understand it—these Raskghar are not here to cause trouble, but rather seek our help, Miss Solstice. Nokha and a smaller group have vanished…I have no idea if they’re in the city or far away, but I’m posting an all-city bounty on them and issuing an alert as if they were all Gold-ranks.”
“Help?”
Erin hadn’t gotten a good look at the Raskghar. Zevara laid out their problem succinctly.
“We’ve applied spells and most should live. They would have died without cures for the magical plagues. As it is—all of the [Guards] are on hazard pay for risk of catching something and we’re consulting with Typhenous about preventing the spread of disease. The city’s being patrolled and I can’t imagine there are enough Raskghar to mount a full-scale attack if that’s how they all look. Still—a small band of infiltrators is the real threat.”
The Watch Captain checked a list of patrols and a map of the city where she’d strung up pins and thread to mark routes before turning back to Erin.
“With your permission, I’ll have two squads supplement the Antinium in your inn. I understand you’re using your…magic garden-thing to protect some citizens? They should remain there if possible for the foreseeable future.”
“That sounds…great. Thank you.”
Erin decided that, on the whole, mentioning that she had two master-class criminals who had been hired to protect her and a major gang chatting with the Antinium in her inn over snacks wasn’t going to enliven Zevara’s day. The Watch Captain nodded at her.
