7.52
Page 26
“I can’t believe anyone would miss it, Lyonette. Honestly—how many [Senators] do you think are attending? I didn’t get the number.”
“Just the important ones.”
That was a bit of good dialogue. They’d have to repeat that once they burst into whatever party Bevussa was at and pulled her away. Probably with a lot of [Senators] who wanted to be the ‘ones who were invited’.
Maviola El smiled. She loved games like this. By the time she hurried Bevussa’s team to the very important event in Liscor, there was a queue outside the door to Liscor. Gossip moved faster than Maviola could jog—people had been whispering about it at the social event by the time she’d told Bevussa about it.
The [Lady] returned to City Hall with food, guests, and thus, entertainment as well in tow. A fancy event in less than an hour, with prestigious guests from two major cities, and less than a hundred gold coin’s budget. Far less if she could kick Octavia’s inflated prices off.
“Let’s see Erin Solstice do that.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice walked through Liscor, towards the prison.
She got lost twice. She wasn’t actually that familiar with the jail, despite having once spent a night there. But all she had to do was follow the angry people.
Many were armed. In this world, everyone had a belt dagger. And many Gnolls owned bows.
They were afraid. Erin sensed it in the air, even without her lessons from Maviola. But more than that—there was anger there.
Far worse than Calruz, even. The crowd in front of the jail wanted vengeance. And Erin couldn’t blame them. She had seen what the Raskghar would do.
Mrsha. Erin suppressed the feeling rising in her chest. It felt like—
Invisible flame. Hatred. Ready to burn out of her. But the Raskghar were contained. She just wanted to make sure her friends were safe.
The Gentlemen Callers were probably following her. Erin wasn’t sure if anyone else was. It didn’t matter right now. She saw a huge crowd in front of the prison.
“Let us in. Let us in.”
They were chanting. The line of [Guards] had been reinforced and—Erin saw—they were armed with nonlethal weapons. Well, not immediately lethal weapons. Well—if you swung them lightly—
Shields, clubs, and so on. They clearly didn’t want to fight. Or be here. Erin stood on her tiptoes at the back of the crowd. She tapped the nearest Gnoll on the shoulder.
“Excuse me. Is there any news about the Raskghar?”
“No sign of ‘em. They took one out and put one back, but the bastards are in there, being fed and treated while—”
The Gnoll growled as he stared ahead and then realized who he was talking to. He stared at Erin.
“It’s you!”
“Me? Hi. Have we met?”
The Gnoll pointed at her.
“We’re not letting you save this lot! It’s not like the Goblins!”
He raised his voice. Erin blinked.
“No, I wasn’t—”
More people were turning. The Gnoll’s shout attracted them and they looked around.
“It’s her.”
“The Human! The [Innkeeper]!”
“Erin Solstice! I knew she’d be here sooner or later…”
“Can I get a hamburger? Hold the onions—”
The Watch reacted at the same time as Erin tried to explain that she was just looking and asking what the news was. Erin was protesting as the Gnoll began listing dead Gnolls, growing louder and louder.
“Move it! Make way by order of the Watch!”
An entire squad of sixteen stormed down the street, forcing the crowd back. One of them, a Drake, pointed at Erin as they halted around her.
“Miss Solstice, by order of the Watch Captain, we have to escort you to the Watch House. Please don’t approach the jail or start a riot!”
“I wasn’t gonna—”
“There she is! Intercept her before she gets to the jail!”
