7.52
Page 42
Ratici opened his mouth. That didn’t sound like ‘no trouble’ to him. But his objections were forestalled as he looked at Erin’s face.
“Well then, I suppose we should accompany you. It’s getting late and it wouldn’t do to leave a lady unattended, wouldn’t you say so, sir?”
Wilovan adjusted his vest and looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin raised an eyebrow and grinned.
“Wilovan—”
“My dear mother told me never to get in the way of a proper woman, Ratici. And that advice seems to hold true here.”
The Gnoll watched Erin Solstice march into Liscor. Lyonette saw the two Gentlemen Callers and Numbtongue follow Erin.
Mercy. She was seen the moment she walked into Liscor, of course. By the Watch who went to find Zevara. The Drake was on a call. She lowered the speaking stone.
“Let her go.”
She exhaled and sagged onto her desk.
“Thank you, Erin Solstice.”
She would deny ever saying that, of course.
 
—-
 
More people saw the young woman marching with the flaming broom coated in mercy’s fire. It was so bright. Of all the flames Erin had ever made—it illuminated more with grey light than anything but glory. And it was a longer light.
“Stop. Don’t do this!”
The Gnoll who had lost a daughter barred Erin’s way. He looked at the fire she held. And he knew what it was. But—he put one paw out.
“Not for them. Please. Don’t do this.”
There was so little of it in him. Not for them. Erin Solstice nodded.
“Don’t worry. There will be justice. Trust me. I just want to see.”
“But you’re holding—”
The Gnoll looked at her uncertainly. Erin held the stick out. The edges were sharp enough to cut her—she wasn’t immune to this fire.
“It’s mine. But it’s not soft. See?”
It cut him too. The Gnoll lowered his arm. And Erin walked on.
She had been looking for it in the wrong place. Redemption from the Raskghar? She had felt it talking to Zevara. And she had some herself.
The crowd in front of the jail didn’t want to let Erin through. Even the [Guards] were uncertain. She turned to them.
“I won’t let them go free. I just want to see for a moment. They will not go free. There will be law. But that’s not going to come from me. I promise.”
It reassured them. A bit. Perhaps they would have not let her through if she was anyone else. But she had earned a chance. So Erin walked into the jail, bearing the waning torch.
The Raskghar in their cells looked up as the harsh light flooded into the prison. They looked uncertainly at each other.
Then came the Human. Asoma stared at Erin Solstice as she walked into view. She threw up her claws and covered her face.
“It hurts!”
Erin Solstice sighed. The broom was falling to pieces. But the flame still burned—radiant in this place. It was, to her, a harsh light.
But blinding to the Raskghar. Painful. She held up the flame and the Raskghar shied away, covering their eyes. They whimpered and whined, crying out in pain.
“It hurts!”
More than just them. Calruz stared at the flame that cut him just by sight alone. He knelt. The pain was welcome and bitter to him.
Numbtongue leaned against the prison’s entrance. He looked after Erin and waved at the [Guards] waiting there. They stared at the flames, almost missing him entirely.
“Why does it hurt? And why are you smiling?”
Erin Solstice had tossed down the broom onto the floor. The remnants of the fire burned away the wood. But she was walking back. And there was a faint smile on her face.
“It was the proof I wanted, that’s all. The fire.”
“Mercy.”
