7.52
Page 1
Erin Solstice had been intending to end her day with a bracing game of chess. Perhaps even a few games of cards with Numbtongue who had developed something of an addiction to it. Or perhaps an addiction to gambling.
Instead, she rose before dawn after a sleepless night. She had slept—in that way where you forgot you’d rested because you’d kept waking up and falling back into uneasy slumber.
As a girl, Erin would sometimes watch a horror movie or see some creepy picture and have nights like that on Earth. That had been one thing, with only the phantoms of her mind for company.
Knowing there were actually things out there had meant that Erin got probably two entire hours of sleep out of the eight she had been ‘sleeping’.
Only her Skills had given her enough rest to function. And even then—Erin looked around the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Little sleeping forms. Numerous bedrolls—and a bed. Erin passed a hand over her weary face. Dozens of figures, actually.
Silently, she checked the two objects she’d been sleeping with. Not next to her—so there was no risk of rolling into them, but close enough to be grabbed in a moment.
A knife—a frying pan, and closer than that impromptu bar-weapon—a glowing, green jar. Erin examined it in the faint light before the dawn. She was careful not to touch the edge of the knife as she unsheathed it. Normally, she didn’t even use it for cooking.
As for the jar—Erin looked it over, making sure the seal was tight, and not corroded. She ignored the pan. Pans were pans. Erin put the knife on her belt, stretching. Then she remembered—
Potions. Erin checked her belt. Two healing potions, one Tripvine…no, that was in the bag of holding. She sighed as she put the pan inside the magical bag.
Erin checked the jar of acid one last time for cracks or flaws in the glass. Honestly, she wasn’t happy even carrying it in a bag of holding. If it broke—you had less than ten seconds before whatever the acid did probably wouldn’t ever heal.
But as weapons went—Erin carefully placed it in her bag of holding and stood up. She stretched again as she looked around her garden.
She knew how many people were in and out of it. Two had left—Numbtongue, which was fine, and Palt. Both okay. Even so, Erin checked the numbers within, expanding her…senses. Her aura? Checking her garden for intruders.
Surely she would have noticed. But Erin did it anyways because she felt uneasy.
Mrsha and Lyonette, check. Pawn, snoozing in an Antinium-huddle with the Workers and six Soldiers—check. The Soldiers were clearly awake—they were staring at Erin.
Little snoring buzzes coming from Ekirra’s nose for all he’d been so nervous Saliss had given Erin a drop of sleepy-stuff to put in a cup of blue juice for him. He slept with his parents and other Gnoll families who’d asked…
Visma, curled up with her parents, holding onto one of the Mrsha-toys. The silver ball Numbtongue had made. Better make sure she didn’t try to keep it…
Bird wasn’t here. He’d refused to leave his tower, claiming, accurately, that he didn’t need to sleep and that the inn was far more secure with him there. He was still up there.
Kevin, Rose, Joseph, Imani, Troy, Leon, Galina…check. Erin ran down the few others in the [Garden of Sanctuary]. And those in the inn.
Few had wanted to sleep in the rooms when Erin had offered the garden for the night. Even people from the city had approached her when they’d heard Erin talking about it. After all—it was probably the safest place in all of Liscor and Erin wasn’t making that up.
