7.52
Page 16
“…need to stall them. Tell Peslas to feast them and when they’re done, do a walking tour of the city? Yes, just a basic around-the-walls. Let them stare at the Floodplains for a bit. Find someone who knows Liscor’s history and give them a talk about the founding! And, Ancestors, keep them away from that Human and her inn! I’ll try and see what—Krshia? What is it?”
The Gnoll saw Tismel and Zalaiss head off with Alonna to buy Lism time. She stopped, breathing heavily. And they were alone for a second.
“You can handle the Raskghar. I’ll deal with the delegation.”
“If I trusted you to do it yourself—”
But her heart wasn’t in the insult. Lism patted Krshia on the shoulder. They both stared at Lism’s patting arm until he dropped it.
“Ahem. Well, I wouldn’t mind some help.”
“To get you started? You have no idea what to do about the delegation, no?”
Lism opened his mouth—and closed it.
“Er…entertain them? I was going to have Tismel rustle up some of his old [Councilmembers] for a get-together…something convivial.”
But he was a [Shopkeeper]. His idea of entertainment wasn’t some fancy party. Krshia’s face told Lism he was making a mistake.
“We need to consult someone who knows Hectval—or at least, other cities. Their arrival was very strange, yes?”
“Remarkably. Who doesn’t send ahead they’re coming? But who’d know about Hectval? One of the [Merchants]? I could go ask, but I don’t want to waste time.”
The Gnoll nodded. Her eyes flicked to the window.
“I know who to ask. Follow me.”
She led him at a quick trot out of City Hall. Lism followed. Krshia was fast when she wanted to be. Damn Gnolls who were used to running about.
Krshia. Krshia Silverfang. It was still odd to not have that as an epithet on his tongue. But then—there were good qualities to the Gnoll. Lism had always known that. He just hadn’t ever felt like giving her credit for them. Until recently. But he could make a list if he had to.
Quality #4 on the list Lism did not have in his head was that Krshia Silverfang…knew people. Lism knew people, but there was a definite disconnect in how they operated. Krshia had clients who let her be their middlewoman, shop for them. She made friends. Lism? He had business associates.
“Who’re we going to meet?”
“Wing Commander Embria.”
“Why her? The last thing we need is the army mucking about and—”
Love the army, support them and all that. But they weren’t exactly the first people you went to for diplomacy. 4th Company had a record of clashing with the Watch and assuming their authority trumped a Senior Guardsman’s. Krshia rolled her eyes as she looked back at him.
“Lism, you fool, you. The army has worked for Drake cities more than anyone else in Liscor! Wing Commander Embria, she and the other officers negotiate with the leaders of Drake cities! I heard as much over tea!”
Oh. Then Lism frowned.
“You’ve had tea with Wing Commander Embria?”
“Mm. Only four times, but I made a point to do so, especially when I became Councilwoman. Good to know the army’s representative, yes?”
“Yes…but who has time for four tea sessions?”
“Who doesn’t?”
 
—-
 
Wing Commander Embria had her company sweeping around Liscor and inside of it. The [Soldiers] were on high-alert; they were also monitoring for [Invisibility] spells, Skills—even though the Raskghar didn’t have them. For once, Lism was glad to have experienced warriors to supplement the Watch.
