7.52
Page 36
“It’s not right to let a mob in here and tear people apart, Calruz. That’s why the law’s there. You don’t hang people instantly either. You make sure they’re the ones who did…whatever it was. Justice—probably shouldn’t be swift. That’s more like vengeance.”
“But either way. Murder was done and far worse than murder. Ask the living. Ask the child. Look at them, Erin Solstice.”
The Minotaur was unwavering. Erin stood up. And she did look. She did try.
Raskghar. There was a cell of young ones. If they weren’t so large, Erin might have called them…four? Six? They were the youngest living ones.
There were no babies here. The plague must have killed them. Erin tried to think of that.
“Can I see them?”
“They’re dangerous, Miss Solstice.”
“Just one?”
The Senior Guardswoman considered that.
“Back up. Back up—this one. Forwards.”
She pointed to the smallest Raskghar. They others crept forwards, but the [Guards] slapped long-handled poles on the ground and they moved back.
Now that—that seemed wrong to Erin. Even so—she looked at the little Raskghar.
“Hello. Can you understand me?”
It growled at Erin. Making a low whining sound. Erin felt like she was talking to a feral dog. Maybe it was too young.
“I’m Erin Solstice. Are you okay? Can you…do you know what I’m saying?”
No response. Had the moons already waned? The Raskghar just crouched on all-fours, peering at Erin. It was so young. And—it wasn’t cold, but the Raskghar looked like it was shaking a bit.
“What’s wrong? Is—he?—cold?”
The [Innkeeper] turned to the [Guards]. They shook their heads.
“Shakes, Miss. [Healer] says it’s not cold. They didn’t want the blankets. At least, this one didn’t.”
They pointed at the pile one Raskghar was curled up in. The young woman nodded. Then she eyed the Raskghar again. It looked thin. No doubt starved.
“Can I give them some food?”
“We fed them—”
The [Guardswoman] saw Erin dig at her belt. Slowly, Erin pulled out…some dried meat. A snack. Jerky.
The Raskghar sniffed. It edged closer—the [Guards] warned the others to stay back.
Slowly, so slowly, Erin extended her arm with the bit of meat. She tried to wave it in order to capture the Raskghar child’s attention
“Hi. Can you talk to me? Are you hungry? What’s your name?”
The child looked at Erin. And then it lunged. Erin jerked her hand back as the jaws snapped next to where her hand and the meat had been.
“Back!”
One of the [Guards] yanked Erin back. She lay there, panting, as the Raskghar child fled, disguising itself among the others.
Erin heard silence. Then—laughter. Her skin prickled.
It did not come from the Watch. She looked over—and a Raskghar crouched at the front of her cage.
A large one. She was more like a Gnoll. But again—larger. Primal, like what Gnolls were in times before they had possessed spears and weapons and had to defend themselves with claw and muscle alone.
“Little one stupid. I. I Asoma. Still speak. You give food? Kind master.”
The words. Erin stared at the Raskghar as the squad froze, watching the Raskghar and waiting for Erin to move. That sounded like speech. But the Raskghar was both too intelligent and undeserving of the language at the same time.
It sounded like an evil parody of speech. And there it was again. The Raskghar might have been smart, with the effects of the full moons but it was not clever except in the way a predator was. Erin got the distinct impression the female Raskghar wanted to get something more to eat, or be favored. It was obvious.
“Asoma? Your name’s Asoma?”
