7.52
Page 17
Mind you—even if the Raskghar were five times larger than the ones in the cells, you couldn’t walk down a street without seeing a group of armed Gnoll civilians, most carrying bows, a patrol of the Watch, an Antinium squad, or one of 4th Company’s groups. It made Lism feel a bit better.
However, this was not what he wanted Hectval’s delegation to see. Wing Commander Embria blinked as the two found her.
“The Hectval delegation? Me?”
“That’s right, Wing Commander. We’d value your input. In private? We won’t detract you from your duties long. But this is an important moment diplomatically for Liscor.”
Lism and Krshia expected Embria to object, but after a moment’s thoughtful silence, she nodded.
“Of course, Councilmembers.”
They headed to City Hall at a fast march. Lism was panting when he arrived and he was the only one. Embria turned once they had closed the door.
“I forget that Liscor isn’t…in touch with a lot of Drake cities, Councilmembers. But you deal with Pallass.”
No, they talk down to us and we argue until they try to force whatever they want down our throats.
But Lism didn’t say that. He cleared his throat.
“The Hectval situation is…new to us. Our [Negotiators] and some of the Council are hard at work, but we’d appreciate some clarity here, Wing Commander. They accepted our invitation and were due to show up nearly a week ago—then they appear without warning?”
Also, the delegates had been very standoffish. Not shaking hands—of course, Lism had hurried them to the Tailless Thief in all the chaos, but he’d definitely gotten an odd vibe from them. Almost—challenging.
Embria hesitated. Her eyes flicked from Krshia to Lism in a way that said she had thoughts—but she was reluctant to say them. Like a customer asking themselves if they really needed an embellishing ornament on their scabbard.
“Councilmembers. As Wing Commander, of course I would be delighted to assist Liscor in any way I can. Naturally…as Wing Commander…but as advice goes, or input, I, uh, might clarify my remarks differently as Embria.”
Lism and Krshia frowned. Embria scratched at her chin awkwardly.
“Of course, I can give my best input. As Wing Commander—”
“We would accept comments ah, unofficially, Embria.”
Krshia grinned, catching on. Embria sighed and relaxed. She took off her helmet, as if doing that and losing her militarily-straight posture made her not Wing Commander all of a sudden.
“Okay. Look. It’s not something I can say er, as Wing Commander. Badmouthing another city could land me in hot water in the army.”
“But we’re just asking you for advice, Wing Commander.”
Embria looked uncomfortable and Krshia nudged Lism. Not the point right now. The flame-scaled Drake scratched at her neck-spines.
“Politics, sir. More than one Wing Commander’s lost their jobs because they make the wrong comment while we’re working for a client. This is off-the-record. But what Hectval’s doing is sort of a classic among Drake cities. They show up unannounced, don’t respond to your invitations on time—and then complain you’re the ones responsible for poor hospitality. And if you rise to the bait, they’ll shout about it to every Drake city in range. I don’t know why, but they’ve decided they want to make Liscor look bad. You need to win them over or turn the tables on them.”
Lism and Krshia looked at each other. Lism dug at one earhole with a claw.
“…Say what now?”
 
—-
 
