7.52
Page 25
“We’ll see what Pallass says, but I think Temile needs to front the Pallassian group either way. No objections! There’s no one I trust except for maybe Pralcem and Jexam and since neither one wants to be a [Manager], the Drakes can take him or leave him. It’ll be a mostly non-Human cast anyways—”
Emme looked up as Maviola walked up to them.
“Can we help you? Lyonette, um…Maviola? Is something wrong with Liscor? We heard about the Raskghar.”
Jasi stood up at once, a worried look on her face. Temile twisted in his seat and Wesle and the others rose as well. Maviola shook her head.
“The Raskghar are dealt with. For now. But I am inviting all of you—especially you, Emme, you, Jexam, and Jasi—and Wesle too, I suppose—to Liscor’s City Hall in…forty six minutes! We are having an event.”
The others hesitated. Maviola had that way of speaking that said ‘this is how it is’. Emme though, had heard that voice many times. Usually coming from her mouth instead of anyone else’s. She raised an eyebrow.
“And why would we do that?”
“Because not only will Liscor’s Council be there, but a number of Pallassian [Senators], as well as a delegation from Hectval. Other Drake cities. Dress up!”
Maviola clapped her hands cheerfully. Emme began to ask questions, but Maviola was through the door and adjusting it to Pallass before anyone could leave the table.
“You don’t have Pallassian [Senators]!”
Lyonette hissed at Maviola as the door opened and they stepped into the checkpoint. But her look was admiring. She saw where Maviola was going. The [Lady] turned to the [Princess].
“It’s a self-fulfilling promise. Like a riddle. Follow my lead, please? We might both level! Well—you might. Anyways, here’s a tip, Lyonette du Marquin. Once you have one…”
The other fell into place. Maviola began to clear her throat as the Drakes inspected them.
“You’re not on the list. Reason to enter Pallass?”
Kel the [Sergeant] looked suspiciously at Maviola and Lyonette. The [Lady] responded in a breathy rush.
“I am so sorry, but we’re trying to deliver an urgent message to the—the Wings of Pallass? And the Flamewardens. It’s from Erin—”
There was a groan from the [Guards] at the checkpoint. Maviola held up her hands.
“I know! I am so sorry. But also—to Miss Drassi? And whoever’s on duty at the Wistram News Network. I’m sure they’d want to know. I think there’s even a bounty on news?”
That was actually true. The [Guards] hesitated. Some of the napping ones sat up in their chairs.
“What news?”
“Well—and if any of you want to tell Drassi, since we’re so busy—can you raise that gate? It’s this huge event in Liscor. A delegation from Hectval—and the Players of Celum are attending—I can’t talk about it. We’d like to go, please?”
“Adventurer Bevussa’s team is attending a gathering in Pallass.”
Kel remarked suspiciously—but two [Guards] were already buying favors to go run out of the checkpoint real quick. Maviola’s eyes glittered as Lyonette decided that she had a new mentor.
“I know. But Erin was sure they’d want to skip that one to attend this one. Please—we’re in a huge hurry. It would be terrible if the Gold-rank teams were to miss it!”
All true, except for the Erin-bit. But since Maviola had been telling truths, she risked one unconfirmed lie if they were watching their truth spells. After a few seconds of whispering, the [Sergeant] grudgingly raised the gates. Maviola and Lyonette swanned through, already talking.
“It was so much gold leaf on those dishes, Maviola. Really high-class food you said?”
