7.52
Page 20
And do what, torture you? Kill you? Zevara wouldn’t stand for it. But Olesm still felt as though someone was creeping up with a dagger.
The Raskghar needed no threats, anyways. She looked at him with dim wariness in her eyes. The effects of the moons were fading. She was the most intelligent of the un-Awakened lot; half had already lost the ability to speak in coherent words.
“Nokha.”
Everyone in the room shivered. A dozen [Guards] were ready to attack this single Raskghar if she tried anything. But there she sat.
“Where. Is. Nokha?”
The female Raskghar shook her head.
“Nokha leave. Many moons ago. Take…strong. With…her.”
She growled something unintelligible. But the truth stone Olesm was consulting—all three of them—glowed. Even the most advanced one just said that the Raskghar was uncertain, but truthful.
Damn. The [Strategist] consulted his notes.
“Let’s see. Nokha was sick with the others. You were attacked by—undead. Adventurers. Antinium. And more and more Raskghar were dying. Then she decided to leave, and told you to come up when both moons were full to surrender. She told you to surrender and that we’d make you better.”
“Yes.”
Olesm threw his clipboard down. The Raskghar watched.
“Good slaves. Mercy.”
“Mercy? We should execute them now, along with the Minotaur, [Strategist]!”
One of the Drakes hissed. Olesm itched to say ‘yes’, but he held up one claw.
“That’s not your decision, Guardsman. Watch Captain Zevara is handling the situation. We want to know more. Where did Nokha go? Did she say anything?”
The Raskghar growled.
“Hungry.”
“You can eat if you tell us what we want to know. What did Nokha take?”
“Sword. Magic. Food?”
The Drake’s fist clenched.
What made him so angry was how confident this Raskghar was. How they all were. They didn’t fight, they just answered questions and expected to be cured. To be fed and protected from the angry Gnolls. Because that was the law and Nokha had figured out how to take advantage of it.
He wanted to toss them all in a pit with Shield Spiders until they told him—
“You’re losing control. Calm.”
Something cool touched Olesm’s head. A hand—and a gentle, blue flame.
Olesm blinked.
Maviola El held the flame out and the room grew calmer. Angry [Guards] stopped fingering their weapons. Her flame was blue, like the open sea, tinted a bit with green.
Calm fire. Not like Erin’s. But Maviola wasn’t Erin and her fire was different. She stood there, regarding the Raskghar.
The creature was more nervous of her than Olesm. Maviola walked forwards until she was at the bars.
“Maviola—”
She ignored Olesm’s warning. Maviola squatted down.
“Good slaves. Mercy. Nokha told you that you’d be safe here. We’d turn you into slaves, but you’d be saved and cured, didn’t she?”
The Raskghar didn’t respond. She was staring at the calm flame in Maviola’s palm. It winked out. Maviola snapped her fingers and a second flame danced across her fingers. It was red.
“But you don’t want to be slaves, do you? You just want to be cured. And Nokha was wrong. We’re not going to feed you. We just want to know where she is. If you don’t tell us—you’ll die. We don’t care if you live or not.”
Olesm felt a surge of annoyance at Maviola. This was his interrogation! He opened his mouth—and caught himself.
The red flame was fury. The Raskghar growled.
“Won’t kill us.”
“We won’t kill you? You stupid thing. You don’t matter. You’re not going to be a good slave, are you? You want to eat Gnolls. But that won’t happen. We’ll pluck your teeth out.”
“Won’t.”
