7.52
Page 21
The Raskghar bared her teeth; some had fallen out from her disease. She drew herself up. Maviola perched on her heels.
“Oh, really? Someone get me some pliers and rope. You made a mistake, you stupid Raskghar. Did you think we’d make you slaves without—”
The Raskghar leapt, but Maviola was already jumping back. The huge female Raskghar slammed into the cell’s bars. The gate shook, but the room was full of shouting [Guards] and the Raskghar froze as arrows were aimed at her head.
The magical fire winked out. Maviola stood up, dusting her hands.
“There you have it, Olesm. You were right. They are preying on your morality. If they think they’re in danger, I have no doubt they’ll try something.”
The Raskghar realized she’d been tricked, manipulated, and shrank back.
“Mercy?”
Someone spat at her. The Raskghar growled, but didn’t do anything. She feared Maviola more than Olesm. The blue-scaled Drake nodded at Maviola, the last vestiges of the emotions the flame had created in him going out.
“Thank you. But you shouldn’t have gotten so close.”
She winked and whispered.
“I had to give her an opening. Anyways, someone’s got to give you a hand. Just showing you a few tricks.”
She was so much different than she had been a week ago. More…active. Maviola wouldn’t have done that before. This Maviola was more willing to take risks.
And Olesm now had proof to give to Zevara that keeping the Raskghar around was not a safe move. As soon as they recovered he was sure they’d try to escape.
“Take her back to prison but put her in a separate cell. Let’s bring another Raskghar in and confirm the information. Then I’ll talk to Zevara…”
The Drake heard a familiar voice and sighed.
“Nephew! Nephew—a moment!”
“Uncle—”
Lism hurried into the Watch House looking for Olesm. Maviola trailed after the [Strategist] as the Watch ordered the Raskghar to put on the manacles and she complied, sullenly asking for food.
“Uncle—Councilmember Lism—this really isn’t a good time. I’m interrogating the Raskghar—”
“And I’ll leave you to it, Nephew. But I have a situation. The delegation from Hectval is here and we need to blow them away with a Tier 4 spell. A celebration! Something to really establish our diplomacy. At least something to break the ice!”
The Drake stared at his uncle.
“Delegation? Uncle, this is not the time for—”
A finger flicked one of his neck-spines and he winced. Maviola laughed, eyes dancing, and bowed as Lism and Olesm turned to her.
“Hello, venerable uncle Lism! I’m keeping your nephew company.”
“Ah. Miss Maviola.”
Lism eyed her. He didn’t like Maviola—well, he had a thing about Humans. And some Gnolls…although Olesm hadn’t heard him grousing about Krshia of late. And this wasn’t the time for that!
“Uncle, I’m sure the delegation is important, but this—ow, Maviola!”
She’d flicked his neck-spines again. The [Lady] shook her head playfully.
“Olesm, you’re a good [Tactician], and I love you for it, but you have yet to be a [Strategist]. Diplomacy matters! What’s this about the delegation?”
Lism hesitated, but then explained in brief the problem. Olesm rubbed at his forehead.
“Oh dead gods, inter-city politics. I know all about that. Just don’t offend them, Uncle. It might be a small setback, but we can have a substandard get-together and patch it up later. Just don’t let Erin get near them. Or the Antinium! Or…Ancestors. Maybe just lock them in the Tailless Thief until they get mad and leave?”
But Lism was wringing his claws.
“Nephew, this is the first Drake city to make contact with Liscor in ages!”
