7.52
Page 15
Lism looked around. No one was happy with that, but Zevara had reminded them that she was Watch Captain. Unless they wanted to remove her, she didn’t have to be here, especially in a crisis.
“See to the security of the prison, Watch Captain. We’ll discuss the matter.”
The female Drake saluted and marched out of the room. An unpleasant silence fell afterwards.
“They have to die.”
Lism heard one of the Gnolls mutter that, but when he turned his head he couldn’t tell which one. Krshia was practically shaking in her chair—her paws gripped the table so hard he feared she’d crack the wood.
Elirr was just sitting. Alonna and Jeiss were whispering about security—and that was half of their problems.
“…Councilmembers? The delegation from Hectval is breakfasting. They’re wondering if—”
Liscor’s Council looked at the nervous [Clerk] who’d come to deliver the message. The Drake froze on the spot. Lism rose and placed his claws on the table.
“Thank you, Miss. We’ll attend to it.”
“Why now? First they delay arriving, then they don’t send word—”
Alonna muttered. Krshia snarled.
“This is not the time for it!”
No, it was not. However—this was the first Drake city besides Pallass to make contact with Liscor and Lism knew that Hectval was part of a larger alliance. More importantly, all the Drake cities would be watching this meeting.
“We have to deal with them. I don’t know why they’re here. But I suggest—”
“Lism. This Raskghar issue is larger than them!”
Krshia looked infuriated, as if Lism was placing the Hectval group over the rest. That was a Silverfang thing that had always annoyed Lism. She had priorities. If there was a large issue, you dropped everything and dealt with that. Lism on the other hand had projects. He was working on the [Carers] situation, expanding Liscor—
On the other hand, that single-mindedness had lost him several trade deals when she capitalized on things he didn’t. And it was a useful asset in the Council. If you worked with her right.
The Council’s heads moved to Lism as he raised a claw.
“I’m not suggesting we table the Raskghar issue, Silverf—Krshia. As I understand it, we have two pressing dilemmas. The delegation from Hectval cannot wait. But the Raskghar have to be monitored, the city calmed. I propose we split the Council. Councilmembers who wish to deal with the Raskghar—Jeiss, I think you’re one, Elirr…”
The Gnoll nodded shortly. Lism sighed.
“I’ll head the Hectval issue. Alonna? Tismel and Zalaiss too, I suppose. Councilmembers Krshia and Raekea, your preference. But we need to move quick! We’re supposed to have a reception. Entertainment!”
Krshia’s fur, which had been standing on end, began to lower. That was an interesting Gnoll-trait. She looked at Lism as the Council rose to their feet. Jeiss gave him a quick nod.
“Good thinking. I’m no good at diplomacy anyways. One thought: we could use our [Negotiators]…”
“All three are with the delegation right now.”
They should have had a lot more. And a staff—an entire group dedicated to events like this, not the Council! But how long had it been since formal diplomacy had been conducted? Not with the Human cities, with other Drakes!
The Blood Fields had cut off trade for a long time—the winter and late fall allowed it of course, but it was only [Merchants], seldom other people in any large numbers.
“I’ll go on-duty then, talk to people, make sure the cells are holding and see what the Watch Captain’s plan is. Anyone with me?”
Raekea and Elirr followed Jeiss. Krshia was about to, but then strode over to Lism, Alonna, Tismel, and Zalaiss as they conferred.
