7.52
Page 8
Few people were in the inn. Temile had checked in from Invrisil and the door was currently ferrying people from Pallass to Liscor—but the inn wasn’t open.
Most of the people were in the [Garden of Sanctuary] and not coming out. They had their entertainment.
Joseph had a football, but he’d been told by Lyonette that if he so much as kicked it into a single one of the fragile Sage’s Grass plants she’d bury him headfirst. So the others were sitting, talking—but mostly, helping with planting some of the seeds or cuttings that Lyonette and Erin had been meaning to get to.
Weeding the jungle biome in the [Garden of Sanctuary] and arguing about what was a weed in the thick foliage. Ekirra and Visma were trying to get Mrsha to help them make a ladder to grab a ripe cocoa pod.
All was well—on the surface. But Erin felt the tension. Still—that wasn’t what was wrong with the world.
What was wrong was that the good fellows had turned their backs until she put her shirt back on. And Bezale was smacking Palt hard as Montressa checked Erin’s midsection.
“Any more pain?”
“No. I think it’s good.”
Erin had cracked a rib when Palt fell on her. Two, actually. Which—to be fair, wasn’t exactly surprising when a horse fell on you.
“I am so sorry…”
“It’s fine. Healing potion’s already working.”
Cracked ribs weren’t as bad as broken bones. But Erin would have loved for Pisces to be here. She’d survived Skinner with…okay, maybe it wasn’t as fair. But Wyvern attacks? Crelers? And this was how she went out?
“Death by horse.”
“I said, I’m sorry.”
Palt was beet-red. He might have been a skilled [Illusionist], but he didn’t exactly have the most nimble build.
Erin eyed the Gentlemen Callers. They had refused to look until she put her clothing on. Not that she’d even exposed more than navel and said ribs. She knew beachgoers who were far more scantily clad than she had been.
But they were—The Gentlemen Callers. And the five Human men whom had introduced themselves to Erin and were politely helping themselves to a non-Antinium spread of food?
The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. And they were…criminals.
What astonished Erin was that they came out and said it. Twenty minutes was all it took. Five minutes really; patching Erin up had taken longer, mainly just to find a female pair of hands to administer the potion properly.
“So you guys are a gang?”
The Gentlemen Callers looked at each other. Wilovan, the burly Gnoll with the nearly-top hat and Ratici, the capped Drake who was short and slender. They glanced past Erin.
“It’s a delicate subject, Miss Erin. I’d hate to insist, but—”
One look was all it took. Palt grabbed Montressa and Bezale.
“Why don’t we stand over here, you two?”
Erin blinked. She saw the Centaur shuffle them off and mouth something at her which she completely missed. And it was something because Erin was certain none of the three [Mages] were listening in magically. Beza made a gesture to Montressa and Palt began shaking his head like Mrsha after a rainstorm.
“The Gentlemen Callers are two big Faces, Erin. That’s like—a ruler of the underworld. You don’t make them your enemies. They’re part of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. They’re a smaller gang, but they’re elite. Erin—these guys are big players in northern Izril. I have no idea why they’re here! Even one of the Elusive Lot would have trouble getting them to move, let alone send the Callers here!”
That had been Palt’s whispered explanation when he’d put three and three together. It had confused Erin, but Ratici had made it clearer.
