7.52
Page 19
“You have Antinium in the city and trade with Humans, Councilmembers. Most Drakes don’t see Humans unless they visit a big city. Or enlist. You’re as bad as Zeres to Hectval. Maybe even Oteslia or Pallass.”
The Drake [Shopkeeper] had to sit down for a moment. Liscor? Liberal? His entire life, he’d fought to keep Liscor’s traditions and they were…
Krshia was fighting not to laugh her stupid tail off. Too quick to laugh, that was Krshia Silverfang. It was not at all endearing.
“We’ll—see what we can do. Any general tips, Wing Commander? Putting on a parade or anything grand is difficult with the Raskghar situation—ah, and I’ll let Councilwoman Krshia go with you to oversee that.”
Embria saluted, and chewed at her lip.
“…I’m not an expert on Hectval, but a show of generosity in the face of their attitude is probably the best bet. Gifts of Liscor’s trade goods, something impressive—if you do it well enough, they’ll have to reciprocate even if they hate your guts. It’s another power-move, but it has to be done well.”
Great. And how was he supposed to do that? Lism sighed. He straightened and nodded at Krshia.
“Thank you, Wing Commander. Krshia, go deal with the Raskghar.”
“Are you certain, Lism?”
“Of course I am. You—you’ll be fretting over them and getting in my way. I’ll handle this.”
He looked as confident as possible. Krshia relaxed. She smiled at him as Embria turned to go. Lism waved surreptitiously—
And then sagged when the two were gone. Uh oh. But he’d volunteered for this and it was time to impress Hectval. Impress them. Impress—
What would Silverfang do? She’d…why, she’d do something Gnollish. Put out some silkap and tea, and charm them. But that wasn’t the move here. Lism would offer around a snack platter over some of the decent wine if they were his friends. No, no…he didn’t have the right mindset. He needed…
Lism looked around. And then he hurried off, as one did, to consult with the person he went to for advice. Krshia had a network.
The proud uncle had his nephew.
 
—-
 
Olesm Swifttail was interrogating one of the Raskghar. Safely. The Raskghar was in one of the individual, temporary cells in the Watch House’s barracks. And everyone was keeping their distance.
Magical plague. The Raskghar had been hit with it and it had killed them. Typhenous had probably slain more Raskghar than any other adventurer with a few spells. Olesm had studied plague spells and they were nasty.
However—also easy to deal with in some situations if you had the right spells. [Dispel Magic] erased a magical plague spell in most cases. The trick was having enough spells and mana for an entire infected regiment and catching it before it got that far.
Normally, the ailments caused by magic lasted as long as the magic did. It was worse on [Mages] of course, unless their natural skills let them fight magical effects. Half-Elf armies were bad targets for plague spells…
What else had his course in Manus taught him? Ah—that the real danger was that a magical plague effectively compromised your health so that you’d get sick with regular diseases.
As was the case here. The Raskghar hadn’t known what the magical plague was. And it had infected them multiple times over. Even with the magical cure now—the Raskghar was coughing, ill.
“Good magic. Make better. Surrender.”
She kept saying that. As if someone had been teaching her the words. Olesm folded his arms.
“Who told you to surrender? You are under truth spell. Answer—or we will know.”
