7.52
Page 11
“So you two won’t tell me who’s hiring you. But you did say you’re under orders to protect me?”
The two winced. Erin rubbed her hands together.
“So if I punched a Rock Crab…”
“I’d be amazed anyone would risk that, bodyguards or not. We can’t be everywhere and we don’t work miracles, Miss Solstice. Quite the opposite. And until now we thought your inn was safe at night.”
Erin’s face fell.
“So did I.”
Reality was Raskghar and this messy situation. Honestly, the Gentlemen Callers were the bright spot in Erin’s day. She looked at the Brothers.
“So those guys are like underlings?”
“Lower-ranking members. Decent sorts. Inherently trustworthy with anything but money, Miss. They’d rob you blind if you weren’t under protection, but make sure you got home in one piece. Can’t say that’s fair, but it’s how we work. Wave at the [Innkeeper], lads!”
All five instantly stopped having pizza and gave Erin a tip of the hat instead. She looked at Ratici. Now what was she going to do with them?
As happenstance would have it, Erin never got to answer that question. Because—the Gentlemen Callers were not actually applicable to her problems. They could have stopped the Raskghar cold. Would have—if Saliss hadn’t been there. Erin sensed that. They were two of the most high-level guests she had, right up there with Grimalkin. Not like Saliss, who was at the top or Grand Mage Eldavin, but…
But the problem was different. Erin heard a howl from the [Garden of Sanctuary]. She was out of her seat in a second.
Ratici beat her to the door. The fellow smacked into the open doorway and bounced off. Wilovan stepped back and held the door to let Erin through. He’d taken in the scene in a moment.
The children, of which there were eleven, were in the Garden, all crying. Some louder than others. Erin saw Mrsha standing with Ekirra. Visma was lying on the ground, howling as she held the silver ball. Her dress was muddy—Mrsha had pushed her along the pond-area’s banks.
“What’s going on here?”
Apparently, there had been a squabble. Visma had refused to give the ball back after breakfast when Mrsha wanted to play, and Mrsha, usually caring and generous with her gifts, had demanded it back. She’d pushed Visma, the Drake girl had begun crying, and so had everyone else.
Erin felt like crying, a bit, as she saw Mrsha’s tear-stained face and snotty nose. The little Gnoll toddled over to her on two legs and hugged at Erin’s leg.
She was shaking. It wasn’t the fight that had started the crying. Erin bent down as the adults rushed over.
“Here, here. It’s okay, Mrsha. It’s going to be okay. I’m sure Visma forgives you. See? She’s alright. You just have to say sorry. You’re Mrsha the Big and Brave, aren’t you? It’s alright…”
Mrsha sniffed as Lyonette halted. She looked at Visma, and then buried her face in Erin’s shirt. She was still trembling.
“What’s wrong, Mrsha? Everyone’s okay, see?”
The Gnoll shook her head. She looked up and her trembling paws formed one word. A biting claw descending on a heart made out of her paws.
Raskghar.
Erin stopped for a second. Of course. They hadn’t gone away. They were in Liscor. They had bypassed the walls, invaded the heart of the city. Who cared if a few metal bars stood in their way? They were there.
No wonder she was terrified. Gently, Erin held Mrsha. Lyonette reached out, but Erin held Mrsha for a moment. Hugging her tight.
“Don’t worry, Mrsha. You’re safe here. No one’s ever going to hurt you, I promise.”
