7.52
Page 14
“Move back. One patrol moves across the prison if need be; no more. Get the reinforced manacles; set of eight. Tell the Watch Captain we’re fortifying the entrance. I want fifteen potions from our armory with a blast-factor and…”
That was something. The Minotaur’s status was changed. But the proof of his failures lay in front of him. The whispering was starting again. He closed his eyes.
Never again. [Death Before Dishonor]. He clung to it.
 
—-
 
“…Someone’s got to entertain them! Despite this—this crisis.”
“We can decide the Raskghar issue now, Lism! Just call for a [Headsman] or let the Gnolls do it ourselves!”
Krshia snarled. Lism nearly—nearly snapped back.
But it was not a time for rage, but quick thinking. And since Krshia was the one beyond reason for once—he remained calm. Strange, how that worked when Lism was almost always ready to yell first.
But it was seeing her so furious and—worried—that made Lism hold up his claws placatingly.
“Watch Captain Zevara has them under lock and key.”
“For how long? There is only one way to deal with Raskghar.”
That came from Elirr. The Gnoll was hunched over in his seat, looking—well, ragged. Lism and everyone else in the Council’s room eyed him with concern. Even Tismel and Zalaiss.
“Elirr, you really needn’t be here. You could rest—”
Alonna began, but the [Beast Trainer]’s haunted gaze silenced that train of thought. And Lism understood that too, he really did.
Elirr—nearly eaten alive by those damn things, sacrificed and forced to live in a cage? The Drake shifted nervously.
“True. The issue of what to do with the Raskghar—we certainly have few options. However, killing all of them sounds a bit…”
Well, rational if you listened to the stories. Lism wasn’t in disfavor himself. But the objector in the room also happened to be Watch Captain Zevara. She folded her arms.
“That is an entire people, Councilman.”
“They are Raskghar. Not people!”
The Drake’s face didn’t move. Lism tapped a claw on the table.
“Watch Captain, this is not the Minotaur situation all over again. We have no doubt that the Raskghar killed Gnolls—that their—their basic nature revolves around the murder of Gnolls.”
“Yessir. However—that’s painting all of them with the same brush. Sir.”
Lism’s tail unhappily struck the carpets. He leaned forwards as Krshia made an inarticulate sound.
“They fed on our people in the darkness when we were hiding! They are monsters and if they are not slain—”
“What do you propose, then, Watch Captain? Do you suggest that we don’t hold the Raskghar accountable for their crimes? Hold them indefinitely in a prison which—you have intimated—isn’t large or sure enough for them?”
The Council fell silent once more. Jeiss was watching Zevara nervously. Her eyes flicked to him.
“Give me time, Councilmembers. I can expand the jail. And I certainly don’t intend to hold the Raskghar to anything less than another criminal. But I will not have people—Gnolls—march in there and execute them before they have a chance to be tried—”
“Tried—”
“—and duly sentenced under the law. Which is me!”
Zevara slammed a fist down and Krshia blinked. The Council fell silent as Zevara straightened and took a deep breath.
“My first duty is to the security of Liscor, Councilmembers. And as Watch Captain, I need to make sure no other Raskghar are coming from the dungeon! If this Nokha lives—I want to find her. With respect, the issue of the Raskghar can wait until the threat of the Raskghar is dealt with.”
