7.52
Page 34
“Councilmember Lism. This—this is hospitality. Accept my deepest gratitude—and you have my apologies. Just this morning I thought this city was a cesspool and look at it now!”
He had a glass of expensive wine in one claw and a ruby plucked from a cake wedge in the other. Drakes hadn’t ever seen the El family style of decorating appetizers and they’d made a run on the desserts. It was the glitter, the shine.
“Delighted, Scalespeaker. And never mind the introductions, eh? Your delegation is welcome in Liscor! It’s splendid to have you!”
The two Drakes laughed together. Hectval’s delegation were socializing with the people in the room, and positively beaming with Tismel, Zalaiss, and Alonna, who were the Councilmembers present.
Strange, though. The Hectval delegation’s attitudes had done a one-eighty since arriving. The Scalespeaker nodded.
“The fault was mine. Misconceptions, you see, Councilmember Lism. I’ll have the mud on my tail when I go back to explain it. But you’ve been nothing but hospitable in clearing this mess up and I’m sending for proper gifts to match this generosity as we speak. Just wanted to let you know that this—this won’t be forgotten.”
He gestured around the room. Lism laughed and smiled as Yisht escorted him around. And he resisted the urge to shout ‘what the hell was going on?’
They must have really wowed the Drake city, or they didn’t have experience with this kind of wealth. Lism puffed up. At least he’d have something good to relate to Krshia tonight. He thought he could sequester some of the good food; they could have it at his apartment.
He hoped the Raskghar issue was settled. And he’d introduce Krshia later. A success! They were going to have to do this again as well! The Pallassian people were so taken with this event that they were asking if they could do it again.
“Just elegant food, good conversation—for the gifts between Hectval and Liscor? Of course. And here I thought Liscor was unstylish, pardon me. But this—”
A Drake from Pallass rolled her eyes and exclaimed. Even Tismel and Zalaiss and the old Council were pulling their weight. Yes, Lism beamed as he took a drink.
It was all coming up just fine. He saw someone waving urgently at him behind Yisht.
“Ah, excuse me, Scalespeaker. Perhaps something to do with the Raskghar…we will certainly have time to continue this.”
The Drake waved him off jovially. Lism hurried over to Jeiss, who was waving at him in armor, looking worried.
“Jeiss! This is going amazingly well! I have no idea what we did, but that Maviola saved our tails! Please tell me it’s not an emergency.”
“It’s…”
Lism closed his eyes.
“Don’t say it. Please.”
“Erin S—”
The Drake wanted to cry. He covered his face as Jeiss patted him on the shoulder.
 
—-
 
An hour ago.
Erin Solstice stood in the prison. The [Guards] had let her through the crowd on Zevara’s orders. They were staring nervously at her from their double-line of fortifications.
They were ready to destroy the entire prison and everyone in it. The Raskghar were dangerous. Even behind bars—Erin had a sense that if they worked together, they might be able to rip a bar free or something.
And even if they couldn’t? They just gave her the impression of being wild things locked up.
The [Guards] had cautioned her to stay back from the bars. She had eight around her, all the best fighters, watching the Raskghar carefully. For their part, the Raskghar stared at the backs of the cells, away from the bars.
