7.52
Page 31
Monsters. Could she call all of them monsters? Crelers? Because if Erin saw a Creler egg, she’d stomp it and then burn her shoe and the flagstones themselves. Crelers deserved no pity.
But Raskghar?
“Erin! Erin Solstice!”
Maviola found Erin, breathless, but vibrant. She was smiling.
“There you are! Have you heard about the Hectval delegation and the little party?”
“Hmm? Oh. No, Maviola. I haven’t.”
Erin mumbled. The [Lady] peered at her.
“You look put out. Well, I arranged a party in less than an hour. There will be Pallassian [Senators], a number of dignitaries—I did use your name to gather some of the Gold-rank teams.”
“Oh. That’s okay. It’s for Liscor, right? Thanks.”
The black-and-orange haired young woman hesitated. She had spoken about her accomplishments like it was a challenge and seemed disappointed that Erin hadn’t fired back. Maviola was acting weird, but Erin was staring at her feet. The [Lady] studied the Watch House.
“So—have you settled the Raskghar issue yet? That would tie the score, or so I think.”
She missed Erin’s head rising and the flash in the young woman’s eyes.
“Why me? Why do I have to solve it?”
Erin screamed at Maviola. The [Lady] actually took a step back in surprise. Erin threw up her hands. She noticed a hatted duo watching her from down the street. She screamed at them, and Maviola. Her voice was growing too loud—her Skill amplified it.
“Why do I need to solve every problem Liscor has? I’m not a Watch Captain! I’m not the person who made the Raskghar sick! I don’t even own a sword! Why me?”
She felt silly and stupid as she threw a miniature tantrum on the street. Zevara had ignited the guilt in her and Maviola and the others were making it worse.
After a few seconds, Maviola El cleared her throat. She looked at Erin kindly. Not unsympathetically. And also as if Erin was a brat Maviola was itching to smack.
“Erin, you are no [Lady]. Not of royal blood. Nor are you a leader of a city or own a large area of land. But you are a leader of people. Drakes have few nobility. But in northern Izril—this is what we do. The nobility. This is what we are meant to do. More than squabble and amass our fortunes. When there is a problem—the nearest [Lady] or [Lord] solves it. You have solved so many of Liscor’s issues, accidentally or intentionally. And you wonder why they look to you now?”
The [Innkeeper] hung her head.
“I don’t want to save the Raskghar. And that sounds wrong even as I say it.”
“That is the difference between upholding the laws and doing what you want.”
Erin nearly threw something at Maviola. Because she was right. It was how she said it that annoyed Erin so much. The Maviola who was old could say it more elegantly than the young one. The new one made Erin want to [Minotaur Punch] her for being right. No wonder she had made enemies.
“Okay. Okay…what do I do?”
Erin stood in the street and raised her head. Now it had been said—she could not unhear Zevara’s words. She had not asked for a response from anyone in particular, but Maviola decided she had the answer.
“Perhaps some magic fire to calm the crowd?”
The young woman cracked one eye open. Maviola smiled at her. The fact that it was the exact thing that Erin had been thinking—and also that it came from Maviola meant Erin now hated it.
“You can’t solve everything with fire.”
“It seems you have, with my Skill. Why not? You’d be amazed at how many problems I solved in my youth by burning something down.”
The young woman put her face in her hands. Is this what she was like to Zevara?
“I hate your Youth Potion. You need a new one.”
