7.52
Page 44
Harsh, beautiful, depending on how you looked at it. The Gnoll girl curled up as she knew the Raskghar were gone. In the [Garden of Sanctuary], she sat on the hill—mostly empty now the crisis had passed.
The delegation remained. The Raskghar were still out there, but secured in Pallass prisons. Erin was drinking and playing cards with the Gentlemen Callers and Numbtongue.
The door to the garden opened. Mrsha heard ragged panting. A rough voice. Something ran at her and she turned—
Ryoka Griffin seized Mrsha up in her arms and hugged her. The Gnoll’s eyes went wide.
A Vampire and a Courier lay on the floor of the inn, covering their bruised noses. Mrsha hugged Ryoka back fiercely.
And then everything was really alright again.
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Once more, I threw everything into the chapter when I wanted to take it easy. It’s okay. As long as the chapter is good.
I realized—there are only three more, counting this one this month until my break anyways. Weird. But you toss everything into the fire and then rest.
I hope to get Volume 3 out before the end of the month! I will let you know—I’m working on it, but I do die after these chapters. Hope you enjoy!
Today’s artists are Brack, who’s done some amazing art that needs to be featured! Also, pkay has a touching reunion and Wing has also done a very fitting image for the end of the chapter! Give them lots of praise! See you next time!
 
Kilt Mrsha, Numbtongue on Guitar, Cooking Erin, Titan Erin, and countless more excellence by Brack!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/shurkin/gallery/ 
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/brack
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Fighting Erin and Touching Reuinions by pkay!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay
 
 
Ryoka, Ivolethe and Mrsha by Wing, AKA Mole!

 

