7.52
Page 33
“What’s going on?”
She turned to look at Erin. The [Innkeeper] thought she knew.
“It’s…different. Your fire and mine. Isn’t that it?”
The [Lady Firestarter] hesitated. Both of them could remember when their Skills had mixed and let them see into each other’s memories. And Maviola’s fire—she had demonstrated each one she had to Erin.
“Your fire…sorrow, depression was blue. I have sadness. But it’s not like yours.”
“And my hate fire—it’s different from your color. That has to matter.”
Slowly, Maviola nodded. It was different perspectives. Erin thought of the color of her happiness. Different from the yellow of Maviola’s. Glory was pink—to Maviola it was gold.
“I don’t think you can teach fire that easily. At least—not if we’re like this.”
Slowly, the [Lady] nodded.
“I’m sorry. I suppose I don’t know how my Skill interacts with other people. You are the first I’ve met.”
“Yeah. Sorry for snapping at you. It’s just been—I’m stressed.”
“I’m not sorry.”
Erin’s face twitched. She looked away from Maviola. The fire thing had been a pleasant distraction. What she needed…
Was to figure out what the Raskghar were to her. She walked off. Towards the one place that had the answer. Maviola El hesitated. Then followed. Erin really wished she hadn’t. Young Maviola was kind of a jerk. Beautiful and passionate. But also a jerk.
 
—-
 
Later that night, Lism was pondering the definition of words. And he was pleased that this was the only concern in his immediate life. He glanced around the decorated entrance of City Hall, which could serve as a functional ballroom if you did a bit with it.
[Waiters] were serving food to the glittering crowd standing around and talking. There was no dancing, but a wonderful ambient music was floating through the hall. Drakes were talking in groups; most of the Gnolls were busy with the Raskghar business, but adventurers and Drakes mixed and a few Gnolls were present from Hectval as well. The Players of Celum had their own group of attention and the entire atmosphere? Convivial. Cozy, without being cramped.
Most excellent. Lism sipped from his glass as he thought.
Would it be polite to call it a ‘soirée’? No, wait, those were in smaller houses. Well, this was a reception then.
Lism was muddling over the exact wording for the speech he had to give. He nervously adjusted the ruff of one of the very traditional suits he’d put on. But this was a success. Maviola’s efforts had paid off.
No, this was a triumph. Liscor’s City Hall was filled with dignitaries. [Senators], Guild Leaders, and rich (and thus, important) people from Pallass and Liscor.
It was the kind of thing that impressed. Even Gold-rank teams, who liked to hobnob since a lot of the richest members of a city were often the ones who’d hire you.
Dazzling, radiant—and the pizzas looked fancy. At least, to Lism. Gold flakes. There had to be something fancy about them if you ended eating gold, right? He heard a commotion from the doors.
“Get back here! He’s stolen a pizza!”
One of the food thieves. They got everywhere. Ancestors! Lism was sort of glad, actually. It proved there was something to steal.
And certainly…he owed Krshia a large debt. Even that Maviola character might be decent, halfway worthy of Olesm. No Erin Solstice had popped out, no Crelers had tunneled out of the cake to attack everyone…it was an unmitigated victory for Liscor.
Even more than Lism could have predicted. Mystifyingly so. The Scalespeaker of Hectval, Yisht, lushed over to Lism. And that was the correct word in this case.
