7.52
Page 35
They were still sick, but noticeably better after having the plague spells dispersed. Some were eating, but most had ravenously consumed the food.
It smelled. There were sewage holes that allowed waste to be…processed, but the Raskghar themselves sort of smelled and the excrement-shafts were very small. That was important; you could smuggle something in or out that way. A master [Thief] could squeeze through improbably small places.
Erin wondered if the Gentlemen Callers had followed them inside. She looked around. If Wilovan and Ratici were here, they weren’t immediately noticeable. And as they had said—they couldn’t save her from everything.
So she was careful. Erin Solstice looked around. Maviola had left to find Olesm after taking one whiff of the prison. There wasn’t much for her to see, anyways.
Here were the Raskghar. What did you do with them? Erin saw small Raskghar, sniffing at her. But they didn’t look like Mrsha.
They looked like they were wondering if they could kill her if she was in the cell with them. But maybe that was bias? Goblin children…Pebblesnatch had been dangerous.
“Pebblesnatch.”
The poor, happily cooking Cave Goblin with her poofy hat. Erin clutched her heart. She had been a slave to the Raskghar.
It was the wrong thing to remember here. Erin Solstice looked at the eyes watching her, glinting in the hung lantern’s light. And she tried.
The young woman walked down the jail. She came to a stop at a glowing cell and looked in.
“Hi, Calruz.”
“Erin Solstice. Zevara was expecting you. I did not hope to find you here.”
The Minotaur was petting one of the two rats. The other was perched on his head. Erin almost smiled at the sight. But it was another reminder.
A rat king made by a little Gnoll. A tortured Minotaur. Justice and…
“Zevara was right. But why didn’t you want me to be here?”
The Minotaur bared his teeth.
“Because there is nothing to save. Goblins? Goblins can fight with honor, for all they are a foe my people have fought against. Antinium may be a people, foreign as they are. But the Raskghar are nothing but madness. Look at me.”
He gestured to himself.
“There is nothing for you here to redeem, Erin Solstice. Tell Zevara that. She will not listen.”
“Maybe because she believes in you.”
The Minotaur’s eyes flickered.
“It is the one flaw in a good—no, an excellent Watch Captain. Justice, Erin Solstice. Let those outside have their justice. Or let me exact mine and we will close this chapter, the Raskghar and I.”
Erin looked at him. The cells stirred. She looked around. And she did not miss the looks some of the [Guards] gave Calruz. They were not entirely hateful.
“Zevara spoke to me, Calruz. About…justice. She has a good point. Not all of the Raskghar are murderers. There’re kids here.”
“And some ate the hearts of Gnolls for power. I ordered it.”
The Minotaur did not blink. He didn’t stop petting the rat either, with a finger as gentle as a feather’s touch. The rat curled up its tail and yawned as it stared ahead. It was happy.
It was easier for rats. They did not have to judge. And it was that reason why Erin came here. To find what Zevara wanted. She looked around.
“It’s not right to punish a species for…everything.”
A snort from behind her.
“No? Perhaps not. But if justice waits, it is not justice at all. How long must the grieving wait for the murderers to die?”
“At least a day.”
Erin thought she heard a chuckle from a [Guardsman]. She looked around, unsmiling.
“What?”
The patrol fell silent. Back to Calruz, the young woman walked.
