7.52
Page 30
“But what if the practice of consuming Gnolls hearts is something they learn? Is it innate to Raskghar? That is what I have to know. Is a child Raskghar evil, Miss Solstice? Because we have many in our cells. And if I am not here—the rightfully grieving friends and families of those the Raskghar have killed will enter the jail and kill children and adults.”
She sat there, the one Drake who objected to the killings in a position of power to stop it. And she had called Erin Solstice here, for once not to berate her or stop her. But because she’d been hoping for an ally.
Ironically, the one time Erin had no sympathy to give. The [Innkeeper] stood up.
“I—I’m sorry, Zevara. But I agree with you. I’ll say as much! Talk to Krshia—”
“I don’t want or need that, Miss Solstice.”
“Well, what am I supposed to do?”
Zevara stood up too.
“Be Erin Solstice. The young woman who always had a solution. Who never backed down in front of injustice as she saw it. Give me—something. Because I need help.”
“I—I—I—”
Erin stood up. She pushed the chair into the desk, and walked towards the door. Zevara waited. Erin looked back at her.
“I—I—I’m sorry.”
She closed the door. Zevara did not yell or come after her. Erin walked down the stairs.
“Miss Solstice? Any order from the Watch Captain?”
They were all looking at her. Erin shook her head, mutely. She noticed this squad had Gnolls in it since it wasn’t on guard-duty. One of them raised a paw.
It was Tkrn.
“Miss Solstice, I know the Watch Captain probably had words with you…it’s not that we don’t want to uphold the law. But it’s Raskghar. Everyone knows someone killed by them.”
“I know.”
The squad waited. And since Erin didn’t say anything, Tkrn awkwardly went on.
“It’s just—we have family killed by the Goblins. And that’s why we’re not okay with Goblins, some of us. But we get they’re not all alike. Humans—some died at the Bloodfields. But the Raskghar—it feels different. That’s why—”
“I get it. I agree!”
They stared at her. Tkrn lowered his paw.
“Oh. Well—that’s why. We just wanted you to know that.”
Erin couldn’t take it. She left the Watch House. There were people outside too. Erin hadn’t heard it—Zevara’s office either had enchanted walls or they were thick—but they were shouting.
“Justice! Raskghar killed our families!”
One of them caught sight of Erin. It was a Gnoll. He lowered the sign, but didn’t walk away.
“I’m not wrong, Miss Human!”
He called out to her. Erin looked at him. The Gnoll was defiant.
“My daughter. She was fourteen.”
His voice cracked. He pointed towards the jail.
“They ate her. Why shouldn’t I want them dead?”
“I’m not—”
“If it was a Goblin, I deserve justice. Just like anyone else! I deserve—”
“I know! I agree! Stop it!”
Erin shouted at him. The crowd, the watching [Guards]…everyone fell silent. Erin looked around.
“I agree. Why do I have to object? Why do I…”
She looked up at the Watch House. Zevara was watching her from the window. Erin closed her eyes.
“Why do I have to be the moral person here? For them?”
She turned to the Gnoll.
“You deserve justice. Just not all the Raskghar. But you deserved justice.”
He looked at her blankly.
“Thank you.”
Erin stumbled away. Why was Zevara turning to her for answers? People expecting her to stand in their way or argue with them—why her?
Because, a guilty little voice whispered in her heart. Because you stood there too many times and did what you thought was right. Defying everyone else.
What made Raskghar different? So many things. And yet—it was all familiar to them.
