7.52
Page 10
“Not at all, Ratici. Fine word. Read it in a book with a lovely woman just the other month. It means a discerning fellow. One with a lot of insight.”
“Ah.”
The two had the same rhythm as Relc and Klbkch. Perhaps that was why Erin smiled despite wanting to be mad. The problem was—she had met these two and been amused by their colorful interplay before. They seemed friendly. And Numbtongue liked them.
Even so. They were [Thief] and [Thug]. Erin narrowed her eyes as she had a thought.
“Hold on. How long have you two been protecting me? I remember you being here for a while. What else have you two done?”
They eyed each other. Erin folded her arms. Wilovan coughed into a paw.
“Is this necessary, Miss Solstice?”
“It sure is if you want to stay here another second! I’m not having strange criminals under my roof!”
Ratici gave Erin a long look.
“As opposed to known criminals?”
“I know a jerk who sniffs a lot. He tried to rob me once. That’s—that’s not the point! I’m in charge here! Well?”
The two sighed. Wilovan snapped his fingers.
“Ah. There was that nastiness with that Bearclaw personality. One of the small-timers from down south. Messed about your friend. Terrible thing, that. Apologies, but we weren’t able to stop that.”
Relc. Erin’s stomach tightened up.
“You let it happen?”
“He seemed like a good sort to defend himself. Mind you—we were already taking liberties if you don’t mind me saying so. Our client’s orders don’t pertain to anyone but you, Miss Solstice. But we ah, had to adjust our criteria. A few unscrupulous sorts were going to kidnap the little Gnoll child. We persuaded them not to.”
Erin did remember that Bearclaw’s gang had been found unconscious. She hadn’t delved into it, with Relc being beaten up and his apartment burned by the Golden Triangle mob. She looked at Wilovan.
“You two did that?”
They winked as one.
“The Brothers don’t stand for kidnapping or anything that’d hurt a child. Cute little girl. Could use some pants, but then, we were all young once.”
Erin sat back. She had no idea! And she wouldn’t have if they hadn’t been obvious. She hadn’t even sensed Ratici and Wilovan except that the other five Brothers had made them noticeable.
“So you were in my inn to…”
“Chase off any of the rough fellows who came calling yesterday. Since that fine Named Adventurer isn’t here, we thought a bit of emergency help wouldn’t be amiss. Mind you—we’d have let the Antinium take the first swings. No offense, but we’re not here to risk our lives.”
But they were here to help. And who had hired them? Erin had a list of…well, she could imagine Ilvriss, maybe Magnolia or…
There were a few others. Erin narrowed her eyes.
“How long are you two going to guard me for? Can you tell me who hired you?”
“That would be a secret on both counts, Miss Solstice. We’re already compromised—we should remit some of the fee to the client, Ratici.”
“Damn. Pardon my language, Miss Solstice. Won’t happen again.”
The Drake looked embarrassed. Erin sighed.
“…Call me Erin.”
The young woman smiled a bit. Then Erin narrowed her eyes again as she had a sudden realization.
“Hold up. Invrisil. The mob…you two were there as well! You protected me!”
“And this is why we don’t take these sorts of jobs, no matter how good the pay is, Wilovan.”
The Drake leaned over and muttered. Wilovan whispered back.
“You’re being quite rude, Ratici. I hate to remind you in front of Miss Erin like this.”
“Terribly sorry, Miss. It’s been a fraught day.”
They both tipped their hats again.
Double damn. She was beginning to like them. Erin folded her arms.
