7.52
Page 7
“You’ve gotta take modest risks, Palt.”
“I do. Gambling. Not with anything that might hurt so much as a hair on my body. Er—where are we going?”
Erin Solstice stopped outside. She stood in the grass, looking over Liscor. A summer day was beginning. The sun had yet to appear past the peaks in the High Passes but the air was fresh, the day as yet cool. The Flood Plains looked fairly lovely.
They were alone on the hill outside of The Wandering Inn. The city’s walls were fully-staffed and mage-lights were illuminating the ground outside of the city. Palt heard a distant call, identifying both of them.
High alert in short. The kind of thing that made him feel safe. Erin stared ahead. No one was in the outhouses. Numbtongue was by himself on that hill.
“This Raskghar thing’s scary.”
“Um. Yes, it is. But I have calming tonics and spells if you want—”
Erin glanced at Palt and he fell silent. She went on.
“It’s so dangerous. I’m so glad I’m being protected. By Antinium. And Numbtongue. And you, Palt.”
“Well, I—”
He fell silent again and stopped preening. Erin had given him another look. This time—Palt began glancing around with his magic, keeping his eyes on the city’s walls.
[Detect Magic]. Nothing but the walls…Erin’s inn was lit up and the door was blinding.
[Detect Heat]. Hm. Palt ran hotter than Erin, but nothing…was that a colony of rats just over there? Erin wouldn’t be happy about that. But nothing…
“I mean, I love the protection. Not that I, personally need it. You sort of wonder why everyone likes to protect me. Since the Raskghar attacked Liscor. And why now? It’d sure be great…if I had protection when the Wyverns attacked, y’know? But there are reasons. Still…I like knowing who’s protecting me, and why.”
The Centaur said nothing.
[Scrying: Palt Fenrisol]. Fun fact? Erin Solstice was invisible to [Appraisal] and [Scrying] spells these days, thanks to the ring Saliss had given her and…something else. Even the Elusive Lot had problems and they could scry past Palt’s defenses. But he saw nothing.
“Sure is a thing. Yup, yup. Ayup. Yuppers. Yeperoonie. Yep…”
The [Illusionist] heard a sigh.
“I think, comrades, that we’ve been made.”
A Gnoll, Drake, and five Human men rose out of the grass a foot in front of Palt. He freaked out.
“Burn my tail! [Haste]! [Shadow Leap]! Run for—”
He grabbed at Erin. She hadn’t been expecting that. Palt tried to turn and gallop into the inn as his spell snatched at him. But he tripped.
Erin and Palt flickered out of the air and crashed out of the doorway in a heap. Erin went whubpgh as Palt landed half on her.
Wilovan, Ratici, and the five Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings adjusted their hats and stared as Erin lay on the ground and Palt’s hooves waved frantically before he got up. The Gnoll tipped his hat to Erin after she’d stopped being squished.
“—Pardon about that, Miss Solstice. It seems we might’ve been a bit too conspicuous, as it were, and Ratici here misjudged how long your ear is.”
“What level is that Skill?”
The Drake groused. The other Brothers looked amused as they adjusted vests and straightened caps. Erin stared up at Wilovan as he held out a paw. The other Drake, the one with the cap, helped her up.
“Seems we have a bit to talk about, Miss Erin.”
“Yeah.”
Erin wheezed. She would have felt more triumphant if Palt hadn’t landed on her. That guy was heavy.
 
—-
 
Something was wrong in the world. Twenty minutes later, Erin Solstice was sitting in the inn across from the Gentlemen Callers.
