7.52
Page 2
The people who’d refused were Bezale and Montressa, who’d put up wards on their rooms, and the Players of Liscor—half had wanted to be with their families or slept in Invrisil given their ongoing thing.
The other half were here with said families or friends, snoring away. They were using bedding from the inn, turned into bedrolls; it was Lyonette who had arranged for a bed to be imported here for herself and Mrsha, and set up a small space for them.
She was holding Mrsha tight and Erin didn’t wake either. The [Innkeeper] exhaled as she finished her check.
“Nothing happen when I was out? Yellow Splatters?”
She turned and the [Sergeant] paused. He had walked up on her from behind.
“No, Erin Solstice. No reports from Liscor, either. I have checked every twenty minutes with Purple Smiles, who is deployed there, along with Belgrade.”
He spoke. An Antinium with a voice that made Kilkran remark that he’d fear for his job if Yellow Splatters were anything but Antinium. Erin looked at the Soldier and had a flash of another Antinium.
“We are here to protect you.”
Would she ever forget any of the other moments like these? Perhaps not. They all flashed across Erin’s mind. Some more pressing than the others.
For instance, the Painted Antinium were here in force. Erin had two squads in the [Garden], and she knew that forty were in the inn, hiding in the basement, resting, patrolling—each one a Painted Soldier or Worker-Archers and thus superior to even normal Antinium.
The night Skinner attacked would not repeat itself. The Raskghar’s raids would not repeat themselves.
“We live and learn.”
“Yes.”
Yellow Splatters watched her. Erin looked around. That was the thing about surviving stuff. You tended to not want it to happen again. Zevara had requested six hundred Antinium Soldiers to patrol every inch of the city and hold the walls. And no one was complaining about that.
Not today. The [Innkeeper] walked towards the door. Yellow Splatters followed.
“What are you doing, Erin Solstice?”
He was formal and not at the same time. He did not call her ‘Miss Solstice’ these days. Which Erin liked. But he did use her full name. Erin turned as she walked towards a door waiting for her along the walls.
“Someone needs to make breakfast. And since the staff are all here or on vacation…”
“It may be dangerous.”
The [Sergeant] moved to block her. Undeterred, Erin walked left—the door was in front of her again.
“If there’s a monster in the inn, it’s both invisible and it can evade my [Innkeeper]-senses, Yellow Splatters. My innsense. No…that sounds horrible. Have you had anything to eat?”
Yellow Splatters hesitated. He seemed so large, despite not being that much bigger than regular Soldiers. But Erin was so familiar…
“The Antinium have brought field-rations.”
The look of horror on Erin’s face made it quite clear that she knew exactly what Antinium rations looked like. She pushed open the door, shaking her head—
Every Antinium in the common room stood up as Erin stepped through the door right outside her kitchen. A dozen bows raised and lowered instantly. Soldiers prepared their fists—and stopped.
The young woman reacted with the same speed; she lowered the knife and jar.
“It’s just me, guys. Erin.”
The Antinium looked at her as she waved. As if they needed clarification on that last bit. Erin sighed as her heart decided it was time for a sudden sprint in the morning.
“Everyone’s on edge. Hey, Pink Stripes? Nice to see you.”
Erin made finger-guns at a Soldier standing closest to her. He copied the gesture with all four hands, slowly.
