7.52
Page 0

Ryoka, Fierre, and Salamani were over two thirds of their way to Invrisil when the news about the Raskghar caught up to them. Rather—they had to go to the Mage’s Guild and get a letter from Mrsha addressed to Ryoka.
Dear Ryoka—the letter began, because of course, you had to have manners and Mrsha’s mother was a [Princess]—
 
Dear Ryoka,
Raskghar have left the dungeon. They are prisoners in the city, but Nokha isn’t there. Everyone is worried. Hurry up and come here.
–Mrsha
 
Of course, that made Ryoka run faster, but she was still a City Runner. She slowed Fierre and Salamani down.
But she was coming. And if you looked or listened—they were drawing together again. Faces seen and never seen at that inn.
Away from Invrisil, Laken Godart was fulfilling a debt to Ryoka. Some of her needs he couldn’t oblige her, but a party? He had gotten a few RSVP’s from nobles that Rie could lean on. The ones who’d attended his gathering during the time of the Goblin raids—had politely refused.
But he had his own concerns which dovetailed with the party. Riverfarm would be ready for Ryoka’s guests.
Some of it was design. Some of it—coincidence. For instance, Ryoka had not told them she was going to Invrisil. Certainly, after the last few encounters she was not kindly disposed to the three Gold-rank adventurers sitting in the wagon headed far more slowly to Invrisil.
It could be as long as a week’s trip. But they were headed back. For a few reasons. Mostly, to see about a famous Dwarf-smith that Dawil thought he could get in with. Also, to meet one of Ylawes’ old friends in the area…
That wasn’t the surprising thing. The surprising thing was that they had company who also knew Ryoka. Two people, in fact.
“So you both know Ryoka Griffin?”
“Well, I can’t say as I have personally known her, Lord Ylawes. More like an encounter one time.”
Termin tipped his hat as he ordered the two mules to stop flirting and keep going. He chuckled.
“Crazy, meeting a Gold-rank team who just met her. She doing well? She was rescuing this team from these evil frogs…”
“Wailer Frogs?”
“The very ones. Actually, I owe her a bit of a debt. Leveled up from that encounter, so I did. But how’d you meet with her, sir?”
The [Wagon Driver] nodded, much pleased. He turned to the last rider on the wagon—well, Termin was doing a bit of a passenger shuttle so people kept getting on and off, riding with the goods. But the ones bound for Invrisil, his last stop numbered four in total.
The recalcitrant young man looked up.
“We stayed at the same inn. I’m just moving cities to earn more money. Reizmelt’s dried up.”
“Fist fighting. You know, I’d have given you a shot if you hadn’t laid out that huge fellow. Must have been three hundred pounds. You should have tried it, Ylawes.”
“It wouldn’t have been fair. Without my armor…and with it, certainly not.”
The [Knight] demurred. Falene rolled her eyes. She objected to the trivial pursuits both her companions were on. Wistram called to her. But—she’d heard some Wistram [Mages] were in the inn, so she had her own reasons for going too.
But that was the thing about travel. The Silver Swords were moving slowly, able to run off and slay some monsters before catching up with the wagon. Ryoka and the other two were moving for Invrisil as fast as they could. Yet they would be too late. Had been too late, for the Raskghar.
Not that they had been needed. The attack had been a non-attack. But the problem with things you didn’t kill was that they remained.
 
—-
 
