7.52
Page 24
“Your inn is one of the few places that has food ready to go, fresh. I need you to make some of the more elegant dishes—but they might not even touch them.”
“What?”
The Centaur was confused. Maviola rolled her eyes.
“Prissy Drakes, apparently. It’s there to be seen. The real menu is—Erin’s food.”
“But it’s from Earth! And it’s about as gourmet as my hoof in a pie!”
“Ah, but it’s now ‘Liscorian food’. It works! Trust me. We’ll get some of the ‘traditional’ foods from Peslas’ inn. I just need to make it fitting for the reception.”
Both Palt and Imani tried to stop Maviola as she yanked open cupboards, taking out a lasagna, pizzas—their natures as [Cooks] objected to this!
“Maviola, this is not great food. It’s enjoyable, but even the Drakes can probably tell that it’s not fancy!”
Her laugher was infectious. Maviola tossed them into the bag of holding and then investigated Imani’s latest creations.
“Don’t worry, you two. I need Imani’s fufu and her other dishes. They’re…mm…close to Chandrarian? We’ll call them that. Exoticism. And for fortune…Octavia?”
“What do you need, Maviola?”
The [Lady] rushed into the [Alchemist]’s shop. Octavia was all set with a notepad to take down the market-price of the goods she was selling to Maviola and Liscor at a very reasonable…17% markup. She saw Maviola hunt around, and then grab a single tube of—
Octavia smiled. Maviola walked back into the kitchen.
“This is how we make the pizzas and such ‘top-class’ and fit for a gathering.”
She held out a tube and Palt groaned. Maviola opened the tube and began to sprinkle flakes of gold onto the top of one of the pizzas. Imani looked like she was about to vomit.
“Stop that! It doesn’t taste good! What are you doing?”
“It’s gold leaf. It’s digestible. And believe me, this is what some of the nobility think makes food rich. Well, certainly expensive.”
Maviola knew all the tricks. She had a few rhinestones, which she decorated one of the cakes with. Souvenirs. She slapped down Octavia’s hand as the [Alchemist] began writing eagerly.
“I know those come from Numbtongue. Don’t mark it as Salazsar-quality! Now, all we need is to throw something glittering into the blue fruit and we have ourselves a noble’s treat.”
“Lasica is going to murder you.”
Imani whispered as she stared at the opulent decadence. Maviola clapped her hands together briskly.
“She can line up with all the hundreds of other enemies I have. What’s she got, a ladle? The last enemy I had came at me with a spear and chariot. Now—start porting that to City Hall. Palt, Imani, some actual Balerosian elegance, please. Make a list and Liscor will pay you for it. Lyonette?”
She was putting together this moment on a budget and a time limit of one hour. Good thing it was Maviola El, who had once entertained an entire group of nobles on eleven gold coin’s worth of delicacies. The El family had little money at times. But a whole lot of style and experience.
“What do you want with the Players of Celum?”
The [Princess] followed the [Lady] as Maviola marched straight into Invrisil after flipping some silver coins into the bowl. Maviola looked at her.
“We need the last part of a party. You should take notes, young woman! This is how you entertain.”
The Players of Celum were having breakfast—well, a breakfast meeting that had run late as they discussed a third branch of their organization or just a joint group under Temile.
