7.52
Page 9
“We’re criminals, Miss Solstice. Call us a gang—call us [Rogues] if you like. We prefer to be called upstanding sorts—but only by comparison. We were hired to look out for you.”
That was easier to understand. Wilovan tipped his hat as Erin turned back from the [Mages].
“To be more precise, in the interest of honesty, Miss Erin, Ratici here is the finest [Thief] you’d ever lay eyes on, which is an indictment, of course, in his line of work as it were. And I’m a humble [Thug]. A fellow with a club who taps folks and absconds with coin. Dishonest men that we are, you can see why we’d hesitate to introduce ourselves before now.”
Erin had noticed this before, but the way they talked and even acted had roots in her country’s past. Not entirely one-to-one, but the Gentlemen Callers had a style about them.
But they were criminals. Honestly, the first Erin had really met. There was Pisces…and Lyonette, and the thugs and Grev. But these two were actual professionals compared to the amateurs.
“A [Thug] and a [Thief]. So you two are jerks who beat people up and then steal everything they own?”
She expected them to bridle at that, but the two just smiled. Wilovan touched a furry hand to his cap in a kind of salute.
“High-level, so a bit more than that, but we did start there. And I regret to say there was a time I roughed up any sort, Miss Solstice. But we’re part of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, and we follow a…code. If we prey on those with coin—it isn’t those down on their luck. Never children, never decent sorts.”
“Ah.”
They were Robin Hoods of this world. But when Erin made the comparison without the name, the two chuckled.
“Hardly, hardly, Miss Solstice. We don’t ‘give to the poor’ save by way of spending large at a favorite restaurant or such. We’re simply honestly dishonest folk in that we pick our targets with more care than say—another gang.”
“And…why do you have a code of conduct at all? Are you honorable guys?”
Erin saw Wilovan blink slowly at her. He had that unflappable refusal to get angry or riled that Erin had seen in, well, only a few people.
“If there’s an [Honorable Thief], it isn’t one Ratici and I would bump elbows with, Miss Erin. Say rather we do what we do with the modicum of integrity we have—simply to live with ourselves.”
They were honest about their dishonesty. Erin sat back.
“So why are you here? Someone hired you two to protect me? Who?”
The two exchanged a glance.
“A client.”
“Who?”
“I’m afraid that’s confidential, Miss Solstice. You may have noticed us around—we accepted the contract just a bit ago.”
Erin had noticed them for a while. She scowled.
“But who? Ilvriss? See here—you can’t just sit in my inn and, er—guard me.”
The duo sighed even as Erin realized she hadn’t phrased that quite right. Wilovan looked at Ratici. The [Thief] glared at Erin.
“We wouldn’t be having this conversation if you hadn’t picked us up, Miss. You must be over Level 40. I could sleep cheek-to-jowl with that Level 30 Drake [Innkeeper] in his bed and he’d never notice me.”
“Peslas? Ew. Why would you want to?”
Wilovan’s lips quirked. He nodded at the Brothers.
“My friend Ratici is free to entertain himself as he will on his time off, Miss Erin. Not that he’s generally so rude. But the fact remains—we wished to be unnoticed guests, but it seems our client was rather perspicacious as it were.”
Erin really wished Pisces were here. Even Ratici’s lips moved.
“What’s that then, Wilovan? Wait. I think I know. Perspi…sweaty?”
