7.53
Page 14
“Well, it’s a valid concern. The Raskghar situation and the delegation from Hectval—we’ve made splendid progress on both sides. Should we recap and break? Who wants to go first?”
The Council began to eat and talk and catch the other side up on what had happened. Lism rubbed his claws together as he heard about Pallass.
“Raskghar contained in Pallass’ prison by the Grand Strategist himself? That’s fine work! That damn H—Miss Erin Solstice really pulled through for us. We should commend her. Later. When this is all done.”
Krshia eyed Lism, but he was in a munificent mood. It really was a neat solution. Raekea nodded.
“Well, Pallass wants to talk on the issue. But we can combine that with our second problem. Or not a problem? I hear the delegation was far more…amenable yesterday. It was a grand success of a reception, yes?”
The four Councilmembers nodded proudly. Alonna, Lism, Tismel, and Zalaiss had nothing but good things to say about their interactions.
“I think they had the wrong impression of us, I really do. The Scalespeaker—Yisht—was nothing but cordial to us. Beyond cordial. The drink might have had something to do with that, but we really impressed them—and Pallass—with that reception. I’m hoping Miss Maviola can help us repeat the stunt.”
The others nodded. Lism felt a surge of excitement as he nodded around the table. Of course, he and Krshia had caught each other up yesterday at dinner so part of it was pretense. But it really felt like everything was coming up Lism, for once.
“I suggest we put together a second gathering with Miss Maviola. City Hall—we’re practically still decorated. Hectval’s actually sending us gifts—we should all go together. Hammer out whatever issue with the Raskghar there is and reassure the crowd, and make this a success. Let’s invite Grand Strategist Chaldion to join us if he’s available, or talk to some [Senators].”
Everyone nodded. The Council seemed energized, ready to work. Lism was eager for another reason as well.
“I really didn’t have as much time to socialize with Hectval’s delegation. Alonna, Tismel, Zalaiss, you had the most time to talk to them while we were rushing around getting the party ready. Any issues?”
Alonna hesitated. And her frown was the only one at the Council’s as she glanced at Tismel and Zalaiss.
“It—could be tricky, Lism. I got an interesting vibe from them…”
“I for one found them perfectly sociable. A bit standoffish and touchy—but just don’t insult their city.”
Tismel burst out. Zalaiss nodded repeatedly.
“They were really taken with you, Lism. I say—it’s all going to work well.”
“Really? Me? Well, then, we’d better meet with them.”
Lism preened a bit. He missed the look Alonna was trying to give him. And his good mood lasted right up until the Council descended from the upper floors as one body. Eight Councilmembers, the ruling body of Liscor. They heard chanting from outside, but the reception area of the City Hall was already filled.
People from Pallass were milling about. Hectval’s delegation was already here. So were Gold-rank adventurers, [Senators]…Lism blinked.
“They’re here already? And…eating?”
Indeed, the tables were set. There were servers—not the ones that had been hired yesterday, but looking decidedly more sharp and expensive, circulating offering extremely rich food. But not Maviola’s budget-finery. This was…Lism stared.
“Ah, Councilmembers! We’re back. And we decided we’d set up a second gathering so we could discuss this Raskghar situation. Don’t worry—we brought our own dishes. We do know how to set up a good event, although you did well yourselves.”
