7.53
Page 37
“I can’t promise anything. But if the talks with Pallass fall through for whatever reason, even if you say no—then yes—then they decide to cancel because you offended them or whatever, I will devote all my efforts to getting you guys to perform or make a branch or something in First Landing, or another major city in the world. I can think of like…one…three…a few ones I could try.”
Like Talenqual, Calanfer’s capital, whatever it was, Salazsar, or wherever the Elusive Lot held sway. Erin was willing to bet on it. Emme’s mouth opened rather like a certain Drake’s had been. Jasi and Wesle exchanged a look.
“But you can’t promise that.”
Emme’s voice was strangled. Erin shook her head.
“Nope! But I promise to try. What do you say?”
Emme was at a loss for words. It was Temile who nudged her.
“Do it, Emme. I’ll say it for you if you want.”
“Temile?”
She looked at him, faintly. The [Producer] gave Erin a look and she smiled.
“Who got us out of Celum and into Invrisil, Emme?”
That decided it. The [Senators] saw the Dwarf [Manager] come over and clear her throat. They looked down their nostrils at her—their snouts? Whatever you called the front of their Drake-faces as the Dwarf smiled politely.
“I’m terribly sorry, [Senators]. But something’s just come up. We, er—that is to say, the Players of Celum—we’re calling off negotiations until Miss Solstice gets what she wants. I understand there’s some issue around the Raskghar and politeness with the inn?”
“Calling off the—Miss Emme, you’re not serious! We were working out terms!”
Wishill was horrified. The [Manager] gave him an apologetic look.
“Senator Wishill, I am truly sorry, but Miss Solstice is a…benefactor and substantial holder of the Player’s interests. Without her cooperation, we can’t even come to the table. After all—if there’s no door, we can’t go through.”
Erin Solstice smiled as the horrified crowd turned to her. She held up the glowing, yellow mana stone.
“By the way—the door to Pallass is closed until Chaldion comes to talk with me, Zevara, and the Council. You can all go back, but no one’s coming through. And there’s a fee. Si—eight silver per person. You all get to go back free, but that’s the rules from now on. Thanks!”
The Drakes looked at each other. At last, Wishill spoke in a strangled voice.
“Miss—Solstice. We are the Assembly of Crafts—offending us is an unwise—”
He stopped as Erin gave him the blankest look in existence.
“Are you Chaldion? You don’t have one eye. Tell him I want to talk.”
Then she turned and walked off. The people stared at Erin—and then began to wonder if she meant they could go back now—or if she could keep the door closed. And if they had to be stranded at Liscor, this damned backwater—
 
—-
 
Lism had himself another sip of wine. The second reception was a disaster as Pallassians streamed back towards the inn. There would be consequences. For Erin Solstice, perhaps, or Pallass.
There always were. Consequences for everything you did. Scalespeaker Yisht was disgusted, having seen it all, heard it all from afar.
“What an outrage. A foreigner telling people what to do?”
“That is a Liscorian citizen, Scalespeaker Yisht. She pays her taxes. Excuse me. I saw you and Councilmember Lism talking. May I join you?”
A female voice. Krshia Silverfang, Councilmember of Liscor, walked over with a polite smile. The Scalespeaker looked at her. And Lism saw the affront on his face. This time—Krshia recognized it too.
“Excuse me, we were talking. Councilmember Lism, you have my sympathies for that—I’m told that Human is famous?”
