7.53
Page 21
She edged back as Ryoka gave her a long, accusatory look. It was Lyonette du Marquin who swooped in with the save by stabbing Ryoka through the back.
“It’s still not as bad as giving someone trebuchets, anyways.”
Ryoka actually staggered for a second as the [Princess] murmured on the pretense of cleaning more avocado off Mrsha’s fur. The Gnoll wiggled free and pulled at Ryoka’s hand. Okay, weights room first, then beavers!
Fierre and Salamani had to see this as well. Erin led them down the hallway, chattering all the while.
“Okay, so it’s sort of smelly despite the air-freshening charm we bought. Actually—we had to buy one because whew do people sweat! But we keep it clean and it’s a real hit—”
Ryoka stared at the weights set in the room and the regulars here. Menolit, Relc, before he’d left, a number of [Guards]—
And Numbtongue, Bezale, two of the [Actors]…it was a damned weights room like from Earth! True, it lacked some of the polish—it didn’t have the more clinical look since it was wooden floorboards Ryoka would have expected, and it was lacking a lot of the much more complicated workout devices Erin didn’t know or have the expertise to explain.
But look at it. Erin hid behind Mrsha by lifting her up in her arms and grinning nervously.
“It’s uh—a big hit. Lots of good sales on drinks afterwards. And um—there’s even a lifting list! See?”
She pointed. Ryoka turned and saw the sheet that listed weight-gains. By now, Grimalkin’s little competition had taken on a life of its own among those dedicated to this new thing. And with the lists of max-lifts by gender and species and location posted there each week was the inn’s list. Ryoka read a little note on the top written by Erin.
New rule! You have to have someone witness your lift! Any record-breaking lift must be witnessed under truth spell by the Mage’s Guild. Have fun! Don’t get hurt!
And the lifts. Ryoka stared at the numbers. She was both impressed and shocked. Impressed because the average weight lifted across both genders was high. And yet—the record-breaking five hundred pound lift from Ulta? Lower than Earth’s world record.
“…Probably depends on form. This is insane.”
“Is that a lot of weight? What is this, Ryoka? I heard there was a buzz about some competition between House Ulta and the Walled Cities, but it was this? It was all numbers and lifting things—very confusing.”
Fierre squinted at the list. Ryoka tried to explain.
“It’s how much you can lift in one go. You see? So this number means that someone on the bench press can lift…two hundred and eighteen pounds. Wow.”
She stared at Krshia’s lift weight. And she wasn’t even a [Warrior], just a shopkeeper! Fierre frowned.
“Is that a lot?”
“Yes! Most people can’t do more than…”
Ryoka didn’t remember averages, but she was 218% positive that she…probably…couldn’t break two hundred pounds on the bench press. Even with the magical gains she’d noticed since coming to this world.
“I could probably break that.”
The Vampire girl grinned. Salamani raised his brows.
“I’d love to try that too, actually. It sounds like fun. Do they allow magic?”
“Not for the list. And you can uh, lift two hundred pounds, Fierre?”
Erin stared at Fierre, who was about as tall as she was, and looked thin even with her clothing on. Fierre gave her a blank look.
“Two hundred pounds doesn’t sound like much.”
Half of the gym, including Mrsha, gave Fierre a wrathful look. Well—some of the dedicated [Lifters] were approving. Ryoka put one arm around Fierre and dragged her friend back.
“Hah. What a joker you are, Fierre. That’s obviously too heavy.”
