7.53
Page 40
But she had friends. Chaldion was a fellow chess player, even if he was a Grand Strategist. Saliss of Lights, Rufelt, Lasica, they were all friends. Was it enough to stall a Walled City’s wrath? Perhaps not.
Liscor stood alone. Hectval’s delegates were shipped off, cursing and swearing vengeance, but not even Lism had any regrets. If anyone looked back regretfully—perhaps it was the Paworkers.
All for later. The consequence—in the immediate now, was a few things.
Chaldion coming to the inn and sitting at a table and Erin walking over, smiling. The Grand Strategist gave her a long, one-eyed look as his eye patch covered the other, artificial eye.
“It seems Pallass owes you an apology, Miss Solstice. Would you like me to apologize or have the [Senators] do it?”
“It depends on whether you were the jerk, Chaldion.”
“Mm. Let me think about it. I assume the Council and the Watch Captain would like a word. Would you like to play a game of chess in the meantime?”
“Sure. What color?”
 
—-
 
And later—Erin Solstice let Chaldion discuss the Raskghar with Liscor. She was still keeping to the one-week ban. With maaaaaaybe an exception for Saliss and some friends. But she’d pushed at Pallass. And Pallass had pushed back with Grimalkin.
When you did all that pushing, you tended to see who you ran up against as friends or allies. Erin eyed the group of Earthers.
Joseph, Imani, Kevin, Rose, Galina, Leon, Troy, and Ryoka too. Something was messed up with Leon and Troy’s faces. Erin forebode comment, and the dirty looks the others were giving them.
Oh yes. She closed her eyes for a moment and then looked up.
“I want to trust you. And I’m going to. Okay? Can I do that?”
Palt was not smoking for once. He nodded gravely at Erin. She sighed and closed her eyes. The Gentlemen Callers, as representatives of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, were inspecting the two rooms she’d given them. On the house, as it were. She thought they might not be good guys, but they were…trustworthy. For a certain degree of trust.
For all the degrees of trust and all the beans? …Erin would have, should have given it to Zel Shivertail. But this was what she had today.
Palt cleared his throat and drew a symbol as Ryoka and the others watched.
“You are all under the protection of the Elusive Lot, and the Ullsinoi faction of Wistram. You may have heard Erin had an arrangement—well, she’s asked that I be your formal contact. If you have something to…let’s just say, sell about Earth, something useful—”
“Not dangerous.”
Ryoka muttered. Palt nodded.
“You can run it by Erin. But you come to me and we’ll get you anything you could want.”
The others looked at each other. Erin studied the sign. It wasn’t an eye, or triangle, or anything obvious like that. The Elusive Lot’s symbol, the one that Erin had been taught to watch for, was tricky. Just like them.
It was like a ‘U’, which might stand for ‘Ullsinoi’. But it had a distinctive twist to the ends. Nothing fancy. In fact—
It looked like a horseshoe. Erin stared at it for a long while and then looked at Palt. He winked, and went on explaining exactly how his faction would act as allies to The Wandering Inn.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Am hungry. Am tired. But you’ve heard it all before.
Anyways, there are two chapters left before my break! I think I did the math there wrong. And as I might have intimated, the ‘Hectval-Liscor’ plot was meant to be part of last chapter, but mercy fire and the Raskghar took the slot. And I had to cut one plotline from this chapter…
