7.53
Page 33
“Oh yeah? Well, the Grand Strategist can tell me himself that Pallass is taking the Raskghar. And if he doesn’t want to—Pallass can kiss the Players and everything else coming from Liscor and Invrisil goodbye. Because I’ve had it up to here with Pallass being rude! No more of it! This is my inn! You want something? Play nice!”
She held a hand up just above her head. Grimalkin and everyone else stared at it. Was—was that a lot?
Still, one of the [Guards] hadn’t gotten the memo that Erin had just smacked Grimalkin with. He sneered at her.
“You think you can order Pallass around, Miss? We’re a Walled City! We have jurisdiction!”
That was it. Erin Solstice snapped. She pointed at him.
“Really? You and what magic doors?”
So saying, she slammed the door in Grimalkin’s face, reached up, removed the mana stone, and put it in her pocket. Ryoka waited for hammering on the door—or something. But of course—there wouldn’t be.
In the silence, Erin Solstice let out a breath. She was a bit red-faced. But she snapped her fingers as she came to a realization.
“Darn. I should have said ‘I didn’t see your magic teleportation doors lying around.’ No, wait—there’s got to be a snappier comeback.”
“Erin. You can’t just close the door to Pallass.”
Ryoka was aghast. Weren’t there Pallassian [Senators] here? Erin looked at her blankly.
“I can’t? Well, I guess I can’t until everyone goes back through. Good point. I’ll close it after that.”
“Wh—close it?”
Montressa and Beza came pushing out the crowd. Erin looked around.
“Yeah. For a day or two. Or I dunno, a week? Unless I get Chaldion.”
“You can’t do that!”
The [Innkeeper] scowled.
“Why not? This is my inn. What’s Pallass going to do, send an army over here? They can walk through the Bloodfields if they want! Nuts to ‘em! To them all! Grah! I’m so mad! Where’s that fancy reception and those jerks? I’m going to have a word with them!”
She stormed out of the inn. Ryoka stood there, open-mouthed. She didn’t miss Troy and Leon whispering to each other, because she was watching for it. The others looked concerned; they looked worried.
Ryoka Griffin cracked her knuckles. She walked through the crowd and saw Fierre and Salamani there. They were staring after Erin.
“Whoa. That’s your friend? She’s like—everything in the stories, Ryoka. She has to be mad!”
“That’s Erin for you.”
The City Runner was smiling. If the City of Inventions wanted to take on Erin Solstice—much love to them. Ryoka had heard her friend had beaten a Dragon. True—at chess, but she’d laughed her ass off and wished someone had taken a video. And if Pallass thought it could beat Erin in a standoff—they clearly didn’t know her yet.
She had a smaller war to fight than Erin. She couldn’t look Grimalkin in the eye and waste him like Erin could. But Ryoka could do important, smaller things.
“Kevin. Psst. Kevin. Rose. We have a problem. I hear there’s a special place where no one can enter?”
Ryoka hadn’t found the Earth-room yet. But she grabbed Kevin and Rose and towed them out of the murmuring crowd. They nodded.
“What’s up, Ryoka?”
She told them. Rose gasped. Kevin’s eyes narrowed. Ryoka nodded.
“Can you bring them? Tell them I have a big announcement or something. I’ll be there in five seconds. Tell Joseph, Imani, Galina, get them, please?”
The two nodded. Ryoka was pleased to see and hear that they were more mature. Yes, you could probably trust them. Kevin, Rose, Joseph, Imani at least. Galina too, probably.
Fierre saw them walking into the Garden with a confused Troy and Leon. She watched Ryoka stretching.
“What are you going to do, Ryoka?”
