7.53
Page 28
“It’s good that we did meet today, Miss Griffin. I’d quite like to ask you to speak more on those strength training techniques. Other devices…anything you might know.”
“Oh, I’m not an expert, Magus Grimalkin. And I’m uh—rather busy.”
And she was prepared to dance with the ‘Erin and I come from the same place’ routine all day. Right up until Grimalkin looked straight at her.
“I’m aware a City Runner must be, Miss Griffin. Which is why I’m prepared to compensate you for your time. Even offer you a long-standing deal. Residence in Pallass? Any number of things could be possible. Because I am convinced no one in the…world…knows more than you or Miss Erin Solstice.”
And there it was. Ryoka froze at the table. She looked at Grimalkin. The way he just said that—
Unlike Erin, Ryoka had a universal reaction to this kind of encounter. She nearly stood up and ran off. Nearly—the Sinew Magus was watching her.
“I—don’t know what you mean, Sinew Magus.”
“False. I rather do think you know what I mean, Miss Griffin. I don’t like to play games. Let me continue with my offer.”
She stared at him. The Drake’s eyes were locked on her. Ryoka sat at the table and saw—someone else was watching the Sinew Magus from behind. A Centaur looked straight at Ryoka and drew something in the air. The glittering words flashed a second—visible only to Ryoka, seemingly.
“Truth spell.”
Palt gave Ryoka a warning look and hurried off to find Erin. And suddenly, the City Runner was aware of how Grimalkin was looking around.
At her. At Galina, who was talking with the Players on the stage. Rose, who was going over soccer practice with Kevin and Joseph…Troy and Leon, talking over something they’d bought.
“There are a number of astonishing individuals at the inn. Miss Solstice besides—I’ve been hoping to speak to you, Miss Ryoka. And extend the offer. I think you can imagine what it entails, but I’d like you to hear me out. And consider—carefully—what I’m proposing.”
“Whatever you think—I’m not interested. I should—”
Ryoka wanted to stand and walk off. But the huge Drake just shook his head.
“Sit down, Miss Griffin. I’m quite aware of everything. And believe me when I say that it’s all become clear. Besides, Pallass is a world power. Where on Earth would you go that has more to offer than the Walled City?”
Someone. Had. Told. Him. Everything.
Ryoka’s ears were ringing. Truth spell? Grimalkin was speaking and she could barely hear him over the sound in her head. Who? Kevin? Joseph? Rose? Or was it another Earther? Had Erin let it all slip by chance?
She didn’t know. Joseph might give everything away for a bottle of alcohol. Kevin might let it slip by accident—Erin might have just told Grimalkin—the Sinew Magus was watching her.
Truth spell? Ryoka focused on Grimalkin, making herself listen.
“…Pallass could be a fine ally, Miss Griffin. All the city asks is honesty. Information. In return, we can provide security. Safety, resources. Perhaps even a way home, in time.”
“H—home?”
“To whichever continent you came from, I meant.”
Oh, he was good. Ryoka glanced around and Grimalkin coughed.
“No one can hear us if that’s what you’re worried about, Miss Griffin. I can be discreet. Or would you like me to be even more plain? I would like you to consider allying with the City of Invention. And believe me when I say it can be more than worth your time.”
He knew. They knew. And the Sinew Magus—he didn’t dance. Even Palt could dance, but Grimalkin went straight in for the kill.
“I…who told you?”
The Drake didn’t even blink as he looked at Ryoka.
