7.53
Page 22
Erin gave Fierre a long look as the Vampire girl hesitated.
“Um. Yeah. I’ll try it later.”
She gave Ryoka a significant look and the City Runner groaned. Well, if the inn was empty, Fierre could break as many records as she liked.
“I’ll try it. How do I do it?”
“Ah! Wipe down the stuff first. Everyone’s complaining about sweat and stuff.”
“[Cleanse].”
The Mage Runner obliged Erin—gym etiquette was another developing front that Erin had no interest in. Ryoka walked over.
“Okay, you just position your hands here and here, Salamani. You always want a spotter—I’ll help you lift it up. See? We’ll do it without weights first—always make sure it’s secured. And you want to bring it down, right here without…”
She actually knew how you worked out. Erin snapped her fingers. She’d forgotten she needed to make up a flier that educated people on basic workout techniques! There had been accidents—thankfully all healable with potions, but she didn’t want someone to smash their foot with a weight or something.
“Be right back! Mrsha, what are you doing?”
The Gnoll was doing a bicep curl with a tiny, five pound weight. She flexed an arm at Erin. What did it look like? Erin rolled her eyes and laughed as she went to get some writing materials.
When she came back, Grimalkin was there. The Sinew Magus was watching Ryoka educate some of the other lifters on weights. Erin stopped in her tracks.
“Your friend knows a lot about weights. I haven’t seen her around often, though. This must be Ryoka Griffin. The Wind Runner of Reizmelt. I remember meeting her around the time Grand Magus Eldavin arrived here, but I was distracted.”
Erin halted in her tracks as the Drake turned his head. Even the other lifters were eying him—Grimalkin had more neck muscle than some of them had in their arms.
“Uh…yeah, that’s Ryoka, Grimalkin. She’s a friend. Comes here all the time. You just missed her. I mean, she came before the door to Pallass existed.”
“Interesting. She’s quite knowledgeable. I’d love to talk with her. It seems she—and you—both know about weights.”
“Who, Ryoka? Well, she’s a know-it-all. Knows all about—what’s it’s all about.”
Erin’s mouth went dry. Why was she nervous? Perhaps because she’d done this dance with Grimalkin for a while. But he’d never seemed so—focused as now. Ryoka looked up; she could hardly have missed Grimalkin. Erin opened her eyes wide.
“Really? And does she come from—your home? If she knows all about weights.”
“Uh—uh—uh—”
Something had changed. The Sinew Magus had gone from ‘questioning’ straight to—knowing. He looked calmly at Erin. Then he walked over.
“Hello there. Miss Ryoka Griffin, isn’t it? Magus Grimalkin. I think we’ve met. Do you have a moment?”
Fierre and Salamani looked up. Another big name had entered the inn. But Ryoka saw Erin waving her arms in a panic-signal and looked at the Drake. Slowly, she stepped back.
“—Sure. What about?”
Her heartbeat picked up as she saw the Drake study her. Ryoka was braced for anything—then Grimalkin struck her shoulder with a claw like a hammer.
“Wait a second—what magnificent musculature. You—young lady, you’re a Runner, aren’t you? Excellent form! Splendid distribution of muscle fiber! How do you keep yourself fit? The leg muscles I can see, but you’ve kept your upper body in good condition too…although I see a slight deterioration of muscle-to-fat. Well, with these weight rooms we can put you back in physical shape. And you have a strong core…”
