7.53
Page 25
“No, no. If it’s got to be one of us—I’ll do it. Huh. But why…?”
Tismel didn’t get a chance to answer. He and Lism saw Elirr walk over and Tismel cursed.
“I’ll get Elirr. Just head over!”
He hurried off and grabbed Elirr’s arm. Lism checked himself for wine spots. Okay—he began to stride over. And if Tismel was somehow messing with him, Lism was going to toss him out of the Council’s window the next time they met.
“Lism!”
Alonna caught the Drake [Shopkeeper] halfway across the floor. Lism sighed.
“I’m meeting with Scalespeaker Yisht, Alonna. Tismel says he’ll be more damn friendly at last…”
“I’m sure he will.”
The Guildmistress of the Mage’s Guild gave Lism a long look. He stared at her, mystified.
“Why?”
The Drake made an impatient noise and searched Lism’s face. She shook her head.
“Lism, you can’t figure it out? Tismel and Zalaiss were talking you up yesterday. Just—gah. Just figure it out. You wouldn’t believe me if I told you, anyways.”
She stalked off, tail moving back and forth. Lism stared at her blankly. Then he walked forwards, grumbling.
“Insane idiots all around. Not a word straight—this is why selling goods is so much preferable to—ah, Scalespeaker Yisht. Do you have a moment!”
“Councilmember Lism. Good of you to finally get to me. Held up, were you?”
And here it was again, Scalespeaker Yisht turned to Lism with a jovial smile. Lism nearly smacked himself on the about-face the Scalespeaker had gone through again.
“Er—yes. You know, doing the rounds? Taking stock—it’s the first sort of reception like this we’ve had and we’re a bit unaccustomed to the company. Especially Pallass.”
He couldn’t suppress the annoyance he felt. Damn, was he being too direct? But Yisht was nodding, a smile on his face. He was a [Diplomat]. But—Ancestors, Lism was tired of being messed about. He’d say his piece and if he couldn’t get results, he’d leave. That was how he did business.
“I heard about that. That business with those Raskghar-monsters, eh? And Pallass has custody of them—a Walled City’s throwing its weight around. As usual.”
“We didn’t have contact with Pallass before—this year, really. Is that customary?”
“The City of Invention making its own rules and inconveniencing smaller cities? My friend—you have no idea.”
The Scalespeaker actually put his arm around Lism and steered him away from Bevussa’s group as they moved around the room at a slow walk. Lism saw Tismel and Zalaiss keeping the rest of the Council busy circulating. Zalaiss winked at him. This was the shot. Lism nodded.
“And what can you do to stop that kind of thing?”
“Make friends, of course. Enough cities put their tail down and even Pallass has to accede. Or it comes to a fight. If it has to be done, it has to be done. The Walled Cities do not rule Izril. We cooperate. I don’t mind telling you this—Liscor’s been away from the rest of Izril for far too long. The road past the Bloodfields? Excellent that you got it done. Splendid work, I must say. I slapped myself when I heard of it.”
Now that was the kind of thing Lism liked to hear. He nodded, and eyed the Scalespeaker.
“I was hoping we could talk about the future of trade between Hectval and Liscor. Now the roads are open—there are countless opportunities, as you must agree.”
“Councilmember, you’re speaking my language. Hectval, Drisshia, Luldem—we’re all close by and we lean on each other for support. Trade, aid in times of crises—this is what Drake cities of similar mindsets give each other. Mind you, the alliance was leery of Liscor. Extremely so. But our beliefs were unfounded, as I told you yesterday.”
