7.53
Page 34
“Oh—it’s just a short meeting. Sorry, Fierre, but you can’t come. I wish you could—but guess what? I get to punch two of the guests from Magnolia’s mansion.”
The Vampire girl stared after Troy and Leon. She turned to Ryoka.
“Wait. Can I come? Please?”
If Grimalkin wanted to play with Earth—he was going to have to find two more candidates. Ryoka Griffin was about to teach them that thing about loose lips. Loose lips got you punched in the face.
 
—-
 
“They’re like…domestic help. Not all come from Hectval. Some actually come from the tribes. They commute here to work during some months, go back when they earn enough money. It keeps them from causing trouble—it’s a system we’re quite fond of.”’
‘Paworkers’ was a phrase unfamiliar to Lism and Liscor. Because Krshia and the Silverfang tribe had come here en masse. But Yisht was only too happy to explain.
“We don’t have Liscor’s issue. We have Gnoll-districts, but our Watch Captains keep them well-patrolled. Your population is well past that of Hectval or most Drake cities.”
“I can imagine.”
Lism muttered into his drink. He felt lightheaded. The Scalespeaker moved forwards, confidentially. They were probably out of range of other Gnoll’s hearing even—no, they definitely were. Or Krshia would not look so content to mill about.
“It’s about strategy, Councilmember. We have a history of dealing with such issues. Liscor doesn’t—your city had a huge influx of Gnolls oh, ten years back, didn’t they?”
“Yes. The Silverfang tribe. That’s er, one of their leaders now.”
Yisht shook his head.
“No wonder. Strategy, Councilmember Lism, Strategy. You still have a majority in the Council so let me tell you—”
He used the word, breathed it, ‘strategy’. Like Olesm’s class. Lism smelled a curl of wine on the other Drake’s breath.
“It’s a disgrace, a disgrace that they took over your city. We keep our population regulated. Some are helpful—although there’s always more theft and troublemaking with them about. And the smell—but we have separate districts. That’s the trick. If it’s an election—you redrew the districts. I’m told that’s what the old Council did to save the seats. As for the rest—it’s about laws. How old are the Gnolls? Ten years? Then it’s a thirteen-year mandatory wait for citizenship.”
“What? Thirteen years—”
Yisht shushed him.
“It’s how you do such things. Listen to me, Lism. You can’t be loud about such things. Time was you could just kick Gnolls out of your city for causing trouble. But with that damned King of Destruction and with that meeting of whatever, the tribes get restless. These days, you just institute the right laws. Consider our Paworkers. Lovely, most Drake households have them above a certain wealth class.”
He gestured at the Gnolls, who were, as Lism understood it, everything from [Carers] to [Cleaners] to [Porters] for Hectval’s Drakes. Yisht went on.
“I’m all for Gnolls in the right numbers. They’re helpful if they’re here to work, right. For all the they go on about tribes and complain—they come here to work rather than stay in the tribes, do they not? Then you put them in a uniform, give them a collar—”
Lism nearly spat out his drink.
“Collar? You have to be—”
“It’s a sign of affection. Decorated, you know? Some families give them to good workers. I’m not saying it’ll be easy to get there—frankly, we thought Liscor was a lost cause with the Antinium. But if you have them out there, doing the work that needs to be done—it works.”
