7.53
Page 17
“Our relationship with Liscor is one I wish to keep harmonious, General Edellein. It is a strategic asset.”
In what way? Some of the [Generals] looked knowing. Edellein was just blank. That damn Bird the Hunter had come from Liscor. But he wasn’t always posted in Pallass and his information was sometimes lacking. He tried to keep the same look on his face as some of the other’s.
“The issue, as I see it, is that none of the Gnoll [Soldiers] or tribes will accept Raskghar easily, Grand Strategist.”
Edellein scowled. Shirka was no stranger to voicing her opinions despite her relative inexperience to her post. Mind you—she was doing it quite formally, but he still didn’t like the ease with which she kept talking. Chaldion however just nodded.
“Pallass would have to demonstrate their safe containment. Or civilization, General Shirka. The question is whether they can act as [Soldiers] or whether they’re naturally inclined to kill other Gnolls. General Duln will have responsibility for that.”
All eyes turned to the Dullahan. He was 1st General, remarkable for being a non-Drake—there were few Gnolls in the inner war council, even. He adjusted his head as he spoke.
“We’ll put the young through military training once their numbers replenish. Discipline will tell us how they react. It might be a complete failure as a program, but it’s a worthwhile investment.”
The military leaders nodded. It wouldn’t be easy, and it might take years and countless gold pieces to train the Raskghar—and that was if they were a suitable addition to the Walled City’s forces. But it was an expense they would sign off on in a moment for an edge in the future.
“But the Gnolls have sworn to kill Raskghar. I wish we had 8th Army’s consultation on this. The diplomatic repercussions could be—severe. The Tribes could see this as an extremely hostile threat if we don’t address the matter.”
Another Drake [Strategist] muttered. 8th Army’s [General] was a Gnoll. The only two Gnolls were 7th and 8th army’s. It was General Duln who replied calmly.
“The Walled Cities clashed with the tribes quite often before the Antinium wars. We have used unorthodox methods before—”
“General Duln.”
Chaldion snapped. The Dullahan suddenly fell silent. Edellein had been playing with a quill and looked up suddenly. It didn’t sound like anything special. But from the way the Dullahan nodded his head and sealed his lips—that had been a slip of the tongue.
“Your meaning, General Duln?”
Shirka glanced at the Dullahan and then the oldest active [Strategist]. Chaldion met the younger [General]’s gaze.
“That is classified, General Shirka.”
“Yessir.”
The [General] instantly saluted. But Edellein sat up even further. Classified to 3rd [General]? Or…was it because he and the others were here? He saw a few of the other inner war council shift a bit as they realized there was an even more inner ring to the secret group.
Well, that was how such things went. Edellein was interested in the Raskghar. On paper, they were fascinating. And that was because it was all they were to him. He had read the reports about their attacks on Liscor. It wasn’t personal to him.
 
—-
 
Liscor’s Council was fuming. Pallass and Liscor. They’d had this interaction before, but it seemed Pallass hadn’t learned. Or—they thought there was nothing to learn.
The Walled City kept sweeping in and saying ‘this is how we’ll do it’. The Raskghar? They’d helped Liscor by taking the matter out of Liscor’s hands. Pallass was going to decide their fate.
