7.53
Page 6
As Erin was debating whether knowing fork etiquette was less useful than chess patterns, someone else came down the stairs. The arguing duo looked up as a short girl, seemingly only sixteen or something, shaded her face and peered around, keeping well away from the light streaming out of some of the windows.
Erin didn’t recognize her at first. Pale skin, dark hair. And—red eyes. Numbtongue stopped noshing on his food as he recognized one of the guests who had come to the inn. Erin blinked.
“Oh! Hello!”
Fierre turned and looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] felt a…an odd…?
“Hello. I heard a shout. Is everything alright?”
“Not at all. That was just uh, an accident. You’re Fierre, right? Come over! Sit down! I haven’t seen Ryoka or that other Runner today.”
“Salamani. Sorry, we did arrive late.”
The Vampire eyed the table where Lyonette and Erin were sitting. It was just far away enough from one of the deadly sunbeams—she edged over.
Erin gave Fierre much the same curious look. She was wearing lots of loose, heavy clothing. Ryoka had said…Fierre was interesting in her last visit. And also that Fierre was her friend from Reizmelt.
The [Innkeeper] politely edged her seat left, blocking one of the aforementioned sunbeams. Lyonette glanced at her as Fierre sat down. The Vampire glanced at Erin, but the [Innkeeper] smiled. And she wondered how much garlic the inn stocked. Scarves—scarves were nice.
Fierre was a Vampire. Erin’s face was perfectly friendly as she asked if Fierre had slept well, and saw the Vampire smile without exposing her teeth.
“Thanks. Your inn’s quite nice. Far better than the one I stay in at Reizmelt.”
“I’m so glad. If you want to have breakfast—we’re waiting on Ryoka.”
“I can wait. Um—you’re Miss Lyonette?”
“That’s right. Hello again.”
The two smiled at each other. Fierre sniffed at something. And Erin saw her glance at Lyonette’s…neck…for just a second. Or maybe just at her dress?
Now a trio, the three chatted as Fierre stared at Silveran and around at the inn that Ryoka had told her so much about. At Erin Solstice, who Fierre had heard about in her work as an Opener and information broker. And at Lyonette.
The [Princess] was the most oblivious one as the [Innkeeper] and Vampire took stock of each other. Erin didn’t know what to think. Fierre was Ryoka’s friend, already making her odd. But not bad. But she was also…
She seemed nice. But it was taking every inch of Erin’s self-control to not ask if Fierre wanted to borrow a coffin for tomorrow night. She really, really hoped that whatever Imani was making didn’t have garlic.
 
—-
 
After about thirty minutes, Mrsha had enough of being cuddled and finally pushed away to point downstairs. Her stomach had begun rumbling and judging by the way she was sniffing the air, she had scented something nice.
Ryoka’s own stomach began growling; it had been days of quick meals for her, Fierre and Salamani. Especially near the end. She followed Mrsha out of her room after quickly dressing.
She found the little Gnoll staring up at a tall fellow in robes. Especially at Salamani’s lizard-like eyes. The Mage Runner turned as Ryoka came out of her room.
“Oh, Ryoka. This young Gnoll just met me. I thought I scared her, but she hasn’t said a word.”
“That’s Mrsha. You met her last night—”
Or had he? Salamani had been bushed from casting [Haste] on all three. The Courier squatted down.
“If I did, I forget. Hello, Mrsha. Don’t mind the eyes. They’re a gift from Lizardfolk parents.”
Oh. Mrsha nodded. Salamani glanced at Ryoka as Mrsha fiddled with her belt.
“She can’t speak. But she can—”
