7.53
Page 10
“I thought you were making it up! At least 80% of it, Ryoka, whenever you told me about this place!”
Fierre sat back and exclaimed to laughter. Ryoka grinned.
“I couldn’t make it up if I tried. Mind you—Joseph becoming a famous football player is new to me. And so are the other things. Like the broadcast with the Players of Celum.”
She eyed Erin meaningfully and the [Innkeeper] spread her hands out helplessly.
“…It was cool?”
“The Players of Celum? Wait—”
Salamani and Fierre twisted in their seats and saw the same stage that the [Actors] had performed on. By now, everyone in earshot was enjoying watching the other two’s reactions. It was entertaining to all the ‘veterans’ of the inn to watch someone being told half of the crazy stories that emerged from this place.
“Say, Miss Solstice, mind telling your two friends how the Players of Celum happened to come about? And where they performed their first shows? In a certain inn?”
Menolit drawled from his table. Fierre and Salamani looked at Erin as she shrugged.
“Aw, Menolit! It’s not that special. They did all the work…”
The Vampire and Courier were routed. Beaten into submission. At some point you could only stare. Ryoka was enjoying their looks of awe. Because—Erin Solstice did deserve them.
Her only fear was that Fierre was smart and Salamani was from Wistram. This…could complicate matters. But she was here and Ryoka supposed they would have found out eventually. Better allies than enemies, right?
They were here. And Erin’s modesty over the events that had taken place in her inn was half out of necessity—the Raskghar issue was still something Ryoka worried about.
“They’re in Pallass. Don’t worry, Ryoka. Chaldion has them and he promised they’d get fair trials. No one’s escaping from that jail. Even Saliss says it’d be hard for him.”
“As in—Grand Strategist Chaldion of Pallass. And Saliss of Lights.”
Fierre was in Stage Three of the Solstice Effect: repeating names and staring at Erin because she had to be lying at this point. Ryoka shook her head.
“And they just…surrendered? Why?”
“They were sick. Typhenous got ‘em all. We’re still being careful of Nokha, but we lock everything, including the windows, and Bird’s on night-watch. He keeps shooting bats. Poor guys.”
“Ryoka, does she mean Bird the Hunter?”
“He’s an employee.”
The City Runner muttered. At this point, Fierre and Salamani had to tow her away from breakfast.
“Are you messing with me? Because if you are—this is amazing. Ryoka, what is this inn?”
The two huddled together, almost fearfully looking around at the laughing guests who sat there as if an Antinium Prognugator gainfully employed at this inn was normal. As if the [Innkeeper] being on a first-name basis with the Grand Strategist of Pallass and a Named Adventurer was nothing to be interested in, pass the butter, would you?
It messed with your head. Ryoka looked between them.
“Listen. I know it sounds like she’s lying, but that’s really Erin. And she’s telling the truth.”
“But that’s insane! Who is she? Who are—”
Fierre bit her lip. Salamani’s eyes were flickering around the room.
“I can’t believe it.”
“Why not?”
Ryoka challenged them both. She poked at their chests.
“We woke up the Archmage of Izril, like you two keep telling me! We’re rich! Why’s it so hard to imagine?”
The two exchanged a look. And then their backs straightened. They began laughing. It was true. So they bypassed Stage Five of the Solstice-effect: being afraid of the inn and the [Innkeeper] and moved into Stage Six, hilarity and Stage Seven, acceptance.
