7.53
Page 38
Lism swayed back and forth on his feet, his tail the only thing that was keeping him upright. He saw Krshia staring at him—and the Council. And Erin Solstice was causing her brand of chaos. Look at her, interfering with Council affairs. An entire city could not be held hostage to an [Innkeeper]! But didn’t Pallass have Saliss of Lights?
“Some call her the Crazy Human of Liscor. I take it you have limited experience with Humans, Scalespeaker?”
Yisht shook his head, curling his tail. He spat.
“Humans. Disgusting, loudmouthed, arrogant—as bad as—”
He hesitated, eying Krshia. Her face went blank. The Paworker’s faces were blank. Lism happily completed the sentence.
“As Gnolls, you mean? Almost as foul-smelling, as crude and disruptive as Gnolls.”
His voice echoed in the emptier City Hall. Hectval’s delegation rumbled. Those remaining looked at Lism. Krshia looked—Lism kept his eyes on Yisht. He saw Erin’s head turning with wrath, but the Scalespeaker looked…
Well, surprised. A bit taken aback. Then he calculated for a second and nodded with a tight smile.
“I’m glad we’re on the same page, Councilmember. As I said, Liscor has been ruled by Drakes, built by Drakes. You have my sympathies for—”
Erin Solstice was stalking over to Lism with a hand behind her back when she saw the purple-scale Drake’s cup slip. A bunch of wine—dregs, really—went onto Scalespeaker Yisht’s robe. The other Drake recoiled and Lism swayed back.
“I am so sorry. My claw slipped.”
“Not to worry, not to worry—that was some sl—”
Lism’s claw, opened, and accidentally moved across Yisht’s face at speed. Erin heard a slap. She stopped.
“I am so sorry. My claw slipped again!”
This time Yisht put a claw to his cheek. He stared at Lism.
“What are you doing, Lism?”
The Drake tossed the wine cup at him. Yisht dodged it and Lism’s follow-up punch laid him down. Erin recognized it—she’d done something like that once. It was not fair fighting. Lism breathed in and out.
“Lism!”
Tismel shouted in horror. Hectval’s delegation reached for their largely ornamental weapons. One of the Paworkers looked delighted. Lism breathed in and out as he held up his claws.
“Terribly sorry. Slips of the claw, all. But that last punch—that was intentional.”
“Lism!”
Scalespeaker Yisht rose to his feet, furious. Lism pointed at him.
“You, Scalespeaker, owe Councilmembers Krshia, Elirr, and Raekea—and the citizens of Liscor, Gnolls and Miss Solstice, an apology. I’ve listened to you slander them for the last two hours. Not my city. Not my people.”
The Scalespeaker’s eyes widened. He stared at Lism, and then at Erin. The [Innkeeper] peered at Lism. She’d thought it was Lism, but this wasn’t Lism. Was it? Krshia was staring at the [Shopkeeper] too, eyes wide.
“You’re mad. I’m a Scalespeaker, and we are guests of Liscor!”
“Guests send word they’re coming! Guests do not insult members of the Council! Pallass is more pleasant than you lot and they are banned from Liscor for a week! Miss Solstice, that’s an order!”
“Yes sir, Councilmember!”
She saluted him. Lism gave her a look, but Hectval’s delegation was approaching fast. The Drake with ornamental armor was drawing a sword. Lism didn’t back down. He just sneered as he folded his arms.
“I knew this city was beyond hope! I challenge you to a—”
Erin raised a fist and Krshia reached for her side. It was Watch Captain Zevara however, and the [Guards] on duty outside who stormed into City Hall.
“Councilmembers! I heard Miss Solstice—”
