7.53
Page 20
Erin Solstice watched Grimalkin out of the corner of her eye. The Pallassian mob had come and gone, but more people were still circulating around the inn, and staying, including the Sinew Magus.
He claimed he was here to just check on the weights room’s records when she’d come over and asked, innocently, but Erin had seen the look he’d given Ryoka for just a moment. You could doubt yourself—but Erin felt she was right.
She was waiting for him to pounce. In the meantime, Erin was attending to the needs of her inn. And right now, her job was making sure her guests had a great time.
“The Players are all in this Council business?”
Salamani was disappointed to learn that. Erin smiled.
“It’s about them going to Pallass and acting! Listen—don’t worry! Kilkran and some of the others are in Invrisil. And when Jasi, Emme, Wesle, Yimur, Jexam, and Temile get back, I’ll introduce you to all of them!”
The six were the ones chosen to be the negotiating team. Mainly five to back up Emme—Jasi, Jexam and Yimur as the Gnolls and Drakes and Wesle and Temile as the invested Humans.
“And you can get them to meet with us? And—maybe get autographs? Ryoka, have you heard of them? You get their signature—it’s worth gold.”
The City Runner raised her eyebrows at Fierre and her lips wiggled. She was trying not to laugh as Mrsha tugged on her hand—she wanted Ryoka to meet the Fortress Beavers!
“I may have heard of that, Fierre. And uh—I don’t think Erin will have a problem. It’s not an exaggeration when they say the Players owe Erin everything.”
The Courier and Vampire stared accusingly at Erin. She laughed.
“Sure! Autographs, whatever! They’ll be happy. They’re great people. In fact—they’ve been bugging me for ages to visit the booth with my name on it. Since Tritel and Ci aren’t here to use it—that’s how I paid them—we could watch a play, maybe.”
Ryoka tripped and whirled and had to drag Mrsha back over.
“Erin. You have a booth in their theatre?”
“Mm…yeah?”
That required another explanation about the Players trying to give her money and invite her to fancy things. Ryoka massaged her brow.
“So, the Players of Celum owe you a favor and you don’t want to even visit the booth named after you? Or—accept money from them? Or see them perform?”
Well, when she said it like that it sounded silly. Erin solemnly put her hand on Ryoka’s shoulder and looked up at her friend.
“Y’know, Ryoka, it’s like this. Plays are cool. Plays are good and fun and stuff. But I don’t live for them. I can see them like…once every few months? Half a year? Really glad it’s taken off for the Players of Celum, but I taught them most of the plays.”
“You don’t live for…you started it! And why don’t you want gold? They have to earn…”
Lyonette nodded fervently, suddenly all on Ryoka’s side. Erin shrugged helplessly.
“But it’s theirs, Ryoka. I just gave them a jump-start. Besides, I don’t need gold. Lyonette and the inn want gold, but I prefer to hold onto my favors.”
Ryoka turned to Lyonette. The [Princess] looked like she wanted to cry.
“So you just gave the Players…help…just because you wanted to be nice. And you don’t want gold or…anything else?”
The [Innkeeper] gave Ryoka a big thumbs-up and a smile. Ryoka wanted to smack her hand down.
“Yeah, because it was cool. I don’t lift weights all day either. Say—have you seen the weights room?”
The Runner’s face went blank. Erin hesitated as she realized Ryoka hadn’t visited the weights room.
“…Which isn’t that big a deal. And uh—totally hasn’t spread to other cities and stuff…”
