7.53
Page 0

It might have been all the old faces, because Lyonette had a dream of the past.
Not the long-distant past, the chronologically undeniable history of Lyonette’s childhood when she and her sisters—a herd, a group, a flock…?—a snob of Calanfer’s [Princesses] had been growing up.
Some quirk of fate meant that Calanfer had so many princesses they had numbers. And the 6th [Princess] had grown up around her older sisters—with a large age gap between some of them.
Yet—that was ancient history. Somehow, the last year felt like a decade of time to Lyonette. Because more had happened to her in that period than the rest of her life. More levels, more drama, more growing up.
She remembered starving. Crying with hunger and the realization at last, that the only person who had been kind to her was suddenly gone. Having to rely on the kindness of Olesm, and then the Antinium.
And after putting a colony of bees to sleep with the last of the magical flowers—finding a little, thin Gnoll child in the inn. Practically feral, terribly sad and lonely, waiting for Ryoka and Erin to come back. She had refused to leave the inn, refused to eat. Been so miserable that it made the [Princess] ashamed of herself.
That had been one of the reasons why Lyonette du Marquin had tried. In those days, it had all been so small. So humble. No magical door to Celum, no new inn. No staff—but there had been magic there.
A little Gnoll with a bit of paint had, quite by accident, helped create the Painted Antinium. Lyonette remembered the first Painted Antinium. A white paw print on the Soldier’s chest.
He—had died. Lyonette knew his symbol now rested on the Painted Antinium’s memorial wall. Yet hundreds of Painted Antinium had come from that moment. Thousands, someday.
That was surely a legacy worth having. Few Humans, even royalty, could claim that distinction.
Yes, in those days the inn had been so small and humble. And their first guest of Lyonette’s—the first real guest? It had been a huge Drake whose name was spoken even in Terandria. A legend.
General Zel Shivertail. Lyonette wished she had been the same [Princess] then as she was now. Perhaps then, with this inn, at this time—Zel Shivertail would not have fallen.
But all she dreamed of was a silly little dream where she and Zel were coaxing Mrsha out of a table that was actually a mountain. Mrsha had fallen into the dungeon and Lyonette and Zel were offering her jars of honey on a long-handled serving tray. And the silly Gnoll kept staring at the grub that would become Apista and demanding to eat that—
 
—-
 
The [Princess] awoke alone in her bed. And it was her bed, the shared room with the growing, far larger Gnoll child who could now walk on two feet. Who had given herself a language and could cast magic and walk to the outhouse without waking up Lyonette to hold her paw and bring her there.
How fast little Gnolls grew. But she wasn’t there. Nor had Lyonette spent the night with Pawn, sitting together and reading books or listening to him dream about a better place for his people.
Mrsha was gone. She hadn’t slept with Lyonette. She had, instead, spent the night glued to her favorite Human. The [Princess]’s face turned sour as she got up and began to comb her hair, a ritual from Calanfer.
She was, perhaps, the only person unhappy about Ryoka’s return.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice woke up with a huge smile on her face. She rolled out of her bed—also empty but for pillow, a blanket, and a book she’d forgotten was there.
“Ow. No wonder I thought my bed was so hard.”
