7.53
Page 26
“Yes, you did say that. I’m glad we cleared the air. Egg on your face and all that.”
The Scalespeaker laughed out loud, attracting a few looks. Lism saw Krshia staring at him and gave her a small nod. Still—what a change came over Yisht when they were together. The Scalespeaker nodded.
“I can’t promise Liscor will just enter the alliance just like that—your city’s farther off and we don’t know you well. But I like some of what I see. Some. More importantly, I like you, Lism. The right minds on a Council. That’s the ticket. At the very least, we can establish friendly relations here. Warn you about some of the cities you’ll find as trade starts coming up the road.”
“Oh, there are some?”
“Bad eggs. Just rotten to the core. We’ve clashed. And Liscor might. How’s your army?”
“Er…st-strong? But absent.”
Yisht waved that off.
“I know all about Liscor’s army. Don’t worry, I won’t hold them against you. I mean, your Watch Captain’s garrison. Believe me—some of these cities will fight. Pallass too. You need to hold your ground if they start raiding you.”
“Ancestors, will it come to that?”
“You have no idea, my friend. No idea. Drake cities fight with each other. I imagine the Humans are too cowardly to do any attacking due to the treaties except at the Bloodfields. And you can hardly loose an arrow at their army when they go sauntering past the walls.”
It wasn’t how Lism would put it. But he was generally on board and glad that Yisht was telling him all this. Good thing Zevara had expanded the Watch! Did they need to increase the budget? Inter-city wars? Well, he knew they happened…but it hadn’t occurred to Lism that opening the road would expose Liscor to that.
“Er—yes, yes. Scalespeaker, I have to be frank with you.”
“As much as you like, Lism. We have the opportunity in private.”
“Thank you. It’s just—first we meet and Hectval shows up unannounced all of a sudden. Then, the next day, all’s mended. Today? Rather…uncomfortable reception. And now we’re friends again? Is there something I’m missing?”
The Scalespeaker gave Lism a slightly embarrassed look. He stopped and the two Drakes stood next to one of the pillars.
“The first part was my fault. As I said, your people cleared it up. I have to apologize again, Lism—may I call you that? I’d like to be on a names-basis rather than titles.”
“Of course. And today?”
“Well—it’s about presentation, Lism. Presentation. Can’t expect us to smile fully, can you? One-on-one? I’m glad it’s you. Tismel told me all about why you’re our sort of Drake.”
The Scalespeaker patted Lism on the shoulder again. The [Shopkeeper]-[Councilmember] smiled, but he was still. There was Alonna, watching him, Tismel nodding encouragement…
“Your sort exactly how, Yisht?”
Yisht rolled his eyes.
“Your election, of course, Lism! It’s a damned shame what happened. Just—Ancestors, imagine if it happened to Hectval? Well, we take care about that thing. But you did your best. Couldn’t stop it, but you were fighting tooth and claw to keep the Council from being stolen.”
“Stolen.”
“Yes, by those Gnolls. Three of them on your Council? It’s just as well it’s not a majority. That’s how a city dies. Look at Pallass. They’ve got the armored things and those bird-people—well, it’s about numbers. Still, the Walled City—idiots. We’re happy to consult with you on your problems too.”
Ah. Lism’s mouth opened slightly. And it stayed there as the bag of coins that had been building up finally burst in his head. He stared at Yisht as he stared at Krshia, Elirr, and Raekea.
