7.53
Page 29
“That would be confidential, Miss Griffin. If indeed it was anyone who needed to tell me when the truth sits in this inn.”
He was messing with her. Truth spell. She couldn’t lie. Ryoka took a breath. Suddenly, it felt like Magnolia Reinhart in the old days all over again. Only, he knew. And Ryoka was even less sanguine about Grimalkin than Magnolia Reinhart. One was a scheming [Lady] who could be ruthless and employed killer-assassins, yes. But Grimalkin was military.
“So, what? I tell you what I know and I’m protected?”
“More than that, Miss Griffin. Far more. As I said, Pallass is a city with almost unlimited resources. You needn’t run again. Safety, comfort…perhaps even healing for your injuries. Your hand, for instance.”
She jerked. Her missing fingers curled up at the stumps.
“You could heal my hand? What, do you have a Potion of Regeneration lying about?”
His eyes flickered.
“Magical prostheses could be arranged if not the potion. And depending on the knowledge—value for value is a fair exchange, Miss Griffin. I’m sure you can imagine there are any number of things Pallass would like to learn about. If the knowledge is useful.”
“Like what? Name one thing you don’t have.”
She challenged him. How much did he know? Ryoka was in the weeds now—he knew. She had to believe he knew. So the question was—had someone talked or was it still just educated guesswork and spying?
But the Drake was good.
“It would take a systematic search of our knowledge and yours, Miss Griffin. See where parts don’t line up.”
“You don’t know anything, then.”
“Did I say that? It’s standard doctrine not to reveal the entirety of your knowledge to someone not on your side, Miss Griffin. I would like you to be on ours.”
“Pallass’? Or the Walled Cities in general?”
The Drake paused. Not a single expression.
“That’s a determination you would find out if our talks progressed. Let me ask you a question, Miss Ryoka. Do you think you have anything of value to tell us?”
Ryoka shut her lips. But that was an answer in itself. The truth spell—even if she knew it was on her, Grimalkin could get information out of her. He nodded slightly.
“I’m aware you must be incredibly reluctant, Miss Griffin. But believe me. We aren’t the same as a [Lady] of Izril. Pallass is willing to give you autonomy, trade fairly for information given—or act as protectors. It’s not as binding as—”
Aha. Ryoka bit her inside cheek so hard it began to bleed. He’d slipped. They knew about Magnolia! That meant—it was one of the others from the mansion.
She should have let the [Assassins] get them. Who was it? One? All? Grimalkin concluded.
“—remember that value is time-dependent, Miss Griffin. No offer lasts forever. Far better to ally now than when circumstances might be more pressing.”
The young woman narrowed her eyes. So—they had one or more Earthers. And they clearly wanted to know more. They knew Ryoka was from Earth. But Grimalkin might not know that Palt knew everything if he hadn’t stopped Palt from warning Ryoka. Or maybe whomever was giving away secrets hadn’t given away everything. Or they were just dumb as rocks. What would Grimalkin do if Ryoka said no? That last sentence was ominous.
It was a cliché. But she had to ask.
“Is that a threat?”
“Not from Pallass.”
Another calm retort. Oh, Grimalkin the Sinew Magus was good. But he wasn’t perfect. And Ryoka had met the best in the world. Magnolia Reinhart was charming and sly—Grimalkin was intelligent and direct. And because he was so smart and using magic rather than intuition—Ryoka realized something.
