7.53
Page 1
The young woman discovered it underneath her. Also, a rectangle on her back. She prodded at it.
“And I slept on you?”
An [Explorer]’s Guide to 64 Isles of Note, by Cemale Tenvind stared back at her, completely unashamed. Erin scowled at it.
“I paid good money for you. And this is how you treat me?”
It was a good book. Erin checked her dog-eared page. She hadn’t read it in the last two days; she’d been too busy running around. In fact, she’d been so tired she’d fallen into bed—on top of the book—and drifted off.
Because, it had been an eventful few days. Raskghar. Players of Celum.
Ryoka. Erin smiled, forgetting about her sore back. Ryoka was back. The Raskghar were contained in Pallass.
Everything was okay again.
As the [Innkeeper] got out of bed and found some clothing, she decided she had to capitalize on this kind of day. No being stingy with anything!
A Ryoka-back, post-disaster day was the kind of day you had to celebrate. So Erin ran at a wall—into the [Garden], did a quick loop, and ran back through into the kitchen—
“Aaaaah!”
Imani freaked out over breakfast. Erin had popped out of the wall and the [Cook] dropped the hot pan of—
It stopped in midair and Erin saw Imani grab for the pan and stop it from going over. Erin looked around.
“Sorry, Imani! I forgot you’re always in here! Whoa, nice save, Palt! Palt…?”
She peered about. But the [Mage] she’d assumed had used levitation to save the pan was absent. And unless he was invisible—Erin felt at the air suspiciously.
“It’s just me, Erin. Please, don’t do that! Mrsha does it and I nearly hit her with a pot one time!”
Imani put her hand over her chest. Erin was immediately contrite.
“I’m so thoughtless, Imani. I should have checked. I just ran in here…”
Using the [Garden of Sanctuary] was second-nature to Erin by now. Scanning for people in her inn was still a conscious effort though, and one Erin wasn’t in the habit of doing. Imani calmed down a bit—but she still looked frazzled.
Right up until she reached for a little flask at her side and took a sip of something, that was. Then she immediately calmed down.
“It’s fine, Erin. It’s…okay. Whew.”
The [Innkeeper] eyed the flask. She knew Palt had been working with Imani, but that…
“What’s that there, Imani?”
“Dreamleaf water. Lemon, Dreamleaf, and a bit of sugar. Tastes like lemonade.”
Imani immediately replied. Erin opened her mouth. Then closed it.
“Palt gave you that?”
“Yes he did. It helps.”
He’d also given Imani sleeping draughts and other help with her trauma from the Creler attacks. Erin nodded slowly.
“Good, good. That’s good. Actually. Um—nice trick with the pan. I hadn’t seen it before.”
The young woman from Nigeria smiled.
“Thank you. It’s [Minor Accident Prevention].”
“Ooh. Nice!”
Erin wasn’t the only person leveling up. In fact—some of her guests and friends were outpacing her by far in terms of levels. As a [Cook], Imani had an interesting set of Skills far different from Erin.
“So does it stop like, you dropping eggs?”
“Bits of eggshell in food, spilling drinks—and the pan, like you saw. It won’t save me if I dump oil all over myself—well, maybe it would. I got it at Level 10.”
“Wait, it’s a good Skill?”
Imani raised an eyebrow.
“It’s everything, Erin. You know how you cut yourself once by trying to scale a fish wrong?”
“Yes…”
Erin winced and flexed her hand. Imani gestured to the counter as she put the pan back on the heat.
“It would stop that, I think. I haven’t cut myself since getting the Skill. And it applies to all sorts of day-to-day activities.”
