7.53
Page 35
Lism saw a narrow band around one of the Gnoll’s necks. And another colored bracelet. The Council’s Gnolls were catching on—Raekea was staring at one of the Gnolls.
The [Shopkeeper] Drake was familiar with collars. You er—put them on dogs. Or you used them in very selective types of adult situations. As…Lism might be experienced with.
But Gnolls? He looked at one of the meek Paworkers, who were ready to help out if need be. And he would just bet that if you handed one a dagger and told them they could stab one of the Hectval delegates and get away completely free—
Lism’s scales were crawling. Scalespeaker Yisht was smiling as he patted Lism on the shoulder. Then the Drake went on to Hexel.
“I can’t believe there’s a Lizard [Architect] in your city, though.”
His voice was a bit louder, perhaps because he was on even safer ground. Elirr’s ears perked up. Lism opened his mouth desperately.
“Master Hexel? He’s the highest-leveled expert we could find.”
Yisht swished the liquid in his cup around and made a face.
“Yes, but even if it’s a matter of expertise or costs…isn’t it a bit—disgusting? Even if it is a high-level [Architect], I can’t really fathom it, Councilman Lism. How can you expect good work from one of them? Unless you double-check everything.”
Elirr was now staring at Lism. So was Alonna. He took a long drink.
“We’ve had nothing to complain about. So. All the delegates are on the level, huh? Ready to offer us support?”
“As much as one can. On Pallass, and in general, certainly with words on this Pallassian issue. And we’re certainly willing to consult with Liscor as we exchange more pleasantries. Ah! The gifts should arrive soon! We have some very fine bows—all made with Hectval’s best woods. On that note, Lism—Tismel and Zalaiss told me there’s some friction in the Council, but Drakes have to stand united. Can’t have scales going the wrong way, can we?”
“That is a saying.”
Ah, so that was what it was. Lism looked around and spotted Bevussa. One Garuda [Senator]—a handful of non-Drakes, really. No wonder he hadn’t seen the Halfseekers. Most of the Pallassians were Drakes. The original builders and inhabitants of the Walled City.
And Hectval still thought Pallass was too progressive to socialize with. Lism saw a second group milling about the center of the room. He tried to change subjects. Hectval wanted to stand with Liscor on the Raskghar issue. That was what you wanted, wasn’t it?
“I don’t suppose you’ve heard of the Players of Celum, have you? Pallass seems very interested in importing them.”
It was indeed the one place where Pallass was coming to Liscor for. Lism saw Hectval’s face turn into a grimace.
“…Perhaps. Well, we were quite taken with Miss Jasi. That would be something to trade for! If we could get some [Actors]—”
“Good Drake actors, you mean?”
“Exactly. And some Gnolls! Just not Humans. Gah, they’re the last straw. The enemy.”
The Drake had finished two cups of wine fast. He looked at Yisht, clearheaded despite the spinning world for a moment. Lism nodded slowly.
“You know Yisht, I said the exact same things as you when the first Human moved into Liscor.”
The Scalespeaker smiled at the compliment. Lism watched the Players of Celum, who had appeared on the news. Such that even Pallass wanted a piece of them.
It was such a curious mix of awe and contempt they had. Because of course—Pallass was a Walled City. And yet—all the socialites still wanted an autograph and wanted the Players in their city. Right up until they could make the Players of Pallass, of course.
