7.53
Page 23
Erin, Ryoka, Fierre, Salamani—everyone stared as Grimalkin began inspecting Ryoka’s arms and legs, completely distracted from his purpose for a moment.
 
—-
 
“I. Don’t. Get. It.”
Lism bounced off the third of Hectval’s representatives in the small group with Jeiss and Elirr as if he’d run into a brick wall. The Drakes were just clammed up, making small to no-talk and behaving very frosty. He stepped back.
“What’s up with the Gnolls? Teliv, explain.”
There was some dichotomy there. The [Negotiator] whispered as Lism stood by the drinks table, tail lashing with frustration.
“Not part of the delegation, Councilmember. Helpers.”
No wonder they’d been so skittish when Lism went over to introduce himself. The Drake gave a foul side-long look at Yisht, who was speaking coldly to a Pallassian [Senator].
“Damn. But why are Hectval’s people so standoffish? Pallass I can get—you said Hectval has issues with the Walled City?”
“As much as any city does with a major power in the region. They were perfectly fine yesterday. Maybe…”
Teliv’s eyes flicked towards Tismel and Zalaiss. Lism nodded.
“I’m going to ask what in the name of Rhir’s hells is wrong.”
He left the [Negotiator] and went over to Tismel, who was mired in a group of the Pallassian socialites. And—Lism noted—the Wings of Pallass.
As had been observed, Gold-rank teams, at least, Pallassian teams, were invited to most social events. And they went because it was important to be on the up-and-up with clients. If someone knew your face and thought of you well—they’d hire you over another team even if another team was more qualified or higher-level.
Bevussa Slenderscale was a friend of Liscor’s as far as Lism was concerned, anyways. A Garuda—an outsider—but she’d fought for Liscor, went into the dungeon—he was aware she was the Captain of the Wings of Pallass.
It was an open secret among adventurers and…anyone who spent actual time with the Wings. However, Lism was suddenly reminded that the Wings of Pallas had another, official Captain.
“Captain Zassil, I never got the chance to say this, but your team was inspiring at Pallass. I know you must hear it all the time—but you taking on the Wyverns? Flying with hundreds of them in the city?”
One of the Pallassian Drakes was fawning over the Oldblood Drake standing uncomfortably with Bevussa while the other two Gold-ranks mingled with adventurers in a separate group. Zassil saluted—he had been part of Pallass’ army—and smiled tightly.
“An honor, Miss Reiila. We were just doing our duty as Gold-ranks.”
“How modest! But your team’s so splendid. And you—Miss Bevussa, it’s such a delight to meet you. And may I say you have the most vivid coloration?”
The Drake turned to Bevussa, and, as Lism inserted himself into the group, ran a claw down Bevussa’s arm of colored, bright green feathers sprinkled with white and pink at the very tips.
Bevussa shifted slightly. And her face was a perfect smile.
“You’re too kind, Miss Reiila. It is an honor to serve Pallass, my home.”
“You grew up in Pallass?”
“Yes, Miss.”
The Drake clicked her tongue in admiration. Lism eyed the Pallassian Drake as she admired Bevussa more. He was no expert on Garuda, but he knew Gnolls. And touching their fur like the way that Drake was touching Bevussa’s feathers was a definite problem.
Bevussa excused herself a moment later to get a drink. The Drake turned to Zassil the moment Bevussa was gone and lowered her voice.
