7.53
Page 7
Mrsha handed Salamani a card. This was one of her pre-written lines for those not on the up and up with hand-signs. Salamani blinked, and read it.
Hello, I am Mrsha. I cannot speak but I can write and speak with my paws. Do not pat my head without permission.
“Ah, that’s so intelligent! Hello! Do you do handshakes, then?”
The Mage Runner laughed. Mrsha solemnly shook his hand, clearly pleased at being treated like a proper adult. In fact—she was so adult that while Ryoka had dressed, Mrsha had put on…
“Is that a kilt?”
Ryoka stared at Mrsha’s clothing. The Gnoll rolled her eyes and nodded. Salamani and Ryoka watched as Mrsha pointed downstairs and made a ‘come on, I’m hungry’ gesture neither of them needed to be taught.
“So this is the little Gnoll you were so worried about? Does she not usually wear clothing?”
“No! I mean—that’s not a problem! Despite how it sounds! She’s just—”
Getting older. Ryoka felt a pang in her chest. Mrsha was talking, wearing clothing, walking around on two legs…was this how parents felt all the time? It sort of sucked. At least, the part of Ryoka that told her she’d missed all of this. So rather, it sucked to be an absent parent.
At least, the ones who cared about their children. Ryoka shook her head. She wasn’t Mrsha’s…she could barely look after herself like a proper person, let alone Mrsha. Lyonette was far better.
Speaking of which, Lyonette, Erin, and Fierre were all waiting for them downstairs. Ryoka halted at the steps as she saw Mrsha race over, stop when she saw Fierre, and begin sniffing rapidly. The Vampire girl stared down at the Gnoll with some apprehension as Mrsha gave her a long look.
“Ryoka! There you are! And—and—Courier-guy!”
“Salamani! Hello Miss Solstice, thanks for putting me up.”
“Well, anything for Ryoka’s friends! Come on over! We were just having breakfast with Fierre! Imani’s whipping up something in the kitchen. I checked and we’re all good!”
Erin gave Ryoka a wink as she turned her head away from the others. Ryoka instantly wanted to die. Erin was already checking for garlic and stuff. She regretted telling Erin about Fierre instantly.
But she hadn’t thought they’d ever meet. At least, so soon! Not like this! Fierre gave Ryoka a careful smile as Mrsha handed her a card. The Vampire read it.
“Hi, Mrsha. I won’t pat your head. It’s um, very nice to meet you.”
The Gnoll stuck her paw up importantly for a shake. Fierre gave it a quick grasp and Mrsha nodded. Fierre was approved. The Gnoll clambered up into a seat and patted the one next to her. Ryoka got to sit next to Mrsha, who was next to Lyonette.
“It’s just great you’re all here. Hey Silveran! One Mrsha-sized breakfast and five adults!”
Mrsha sighed as Silveran nodded and walked into the kitchen. Salamani stared at the Antinium. So did Fierre, out of the corner of her eyes. They both glanced at Ryoka and she felt a bit—peculiar.
Here was a Courier [Mage] with Lizardfolk ancestry. And a bloody Vampire. And they thought an Antinium Worker was the weird one?
“So, uh. Erin. This is Salamani and Fierre. I introduced them last night, but not properly. Everyone, this is Erin, Lyonette, Mrsha—”
The others murmured hellos as Salamani caught sight of Numbtongue playing a morning round of cards with two men in hats. Fierre nudged Ryoka and the City Runner’s head went blank for a moment. No way. But hats on a Drake and Gnoll? They couldn’t be…
Erin had a knowing look in her eye as she gazed at Wilovan and Ratici. She smiled at Fierre.
“And you’re a…information person from Reizmelt?”
“Er…yeah. Sort of like a [Gossip].”
