7.53
Page 24
“She is splendid. It’s such an excellent move, Captain, adding her to your team. She must be the sight when your team flies. And of course, having a Garuda on your team must satisfy our Garuda population.”
She smiled brightly, nodding to the one Pallassian Garuda [Senator] among all those in the room. Lism gave the Drake a sidelong look—and Zassil—as he tapped Tismel on the arm.
Zassil’s smile looked a bit strained to Lism as he watched Bevussa go.
“You’re too kind, Miss Reiila. C—Bevussa is an exceptionally talented member of the team.”
“Won’t you tell me more about the battle of Pallass? From your perspective? I’m just dying to know what it was like! I wish I had the Oldblood in me to fly about…it looks so tiring!”
Lism retrieved Tismel. He chose a route back past the Gold-rank adventurers, who had a safety group when they were tired of socializing. Bevussa had her back turned to Reiila—which was good.
Keldrass looked exceptionally uncomfortable as he nodded at Lism. The Councilmember passed them by as the two adventurers stopped talking for a moment. They resumed only when he was out of earshot.
“…want to tear my wing feathers out at every event. Did you see that?”
“I did. Sorry, Bevussa.”
The Oldblood Drake took a long drink and Bevussa did the same. There was a reason the Wings of Pallass had a Drake for a captain, instead of a Garuda. And it was purely rooted in the politics of the city. She took another swallow.
“Just had to take a break. Give me five seconds and then I’ll go back to being the pretty bird adventurer. Gah!”
“You could always beg off being sick…”
“I’ll make a break for it in half an hour. It’s not like it’s easy for the rest of the team…do you enjoy being here?”
“It’s more pleasant. Oldblood—it’s mostly about that. I know it’s harder for…”
The Drake nodded at Bevussa and the few non-Drake and non-Gnoll adventurers in the room. Bevussa shook her head. She hated these kind of events. There was a reason the Halfseekers weren’t here. Well—most high-class Pallassians wouldn’t invite a Selphid to an event like this anyways. She walked back over to her group with a big smile on her beak. If someone plucked a wing feather for a ‘souvenir’ again, she was going to stab someone.
 
—-
 
“Tismel, what in the name of the Ancestor’s tails is going on with the Hectval delegation? You said they were all over you!”
The two Drakes stood together, whispering. Lism did not like Tismel. The Drake felt like a ‘yes-Drake’ to him. The Cobbler’s Guild’s Guildmaster…oh, what a prestigious position. Not that [Cobbler] was a bad job—it was just—Tismel. The old Council had nominated him.
But the Drake had pulled his weight yesterday and Lism was willing to give credit where credit was due. And Tismel himself seemed more confident. He sipped from his gold-flake white wine as he responded.
“I thought you handled it well yourself, Lism.”
“Handled what? They were as frosty as a [Cryomancer]’s touch out there! We’re not going to be able to push back on Pallass like this, let alone make a lasting connection!”
The other Drake sighed and looked at Lism.
“It’s Yisht you want. Zalaiss and I worked with him yesterday. He’s more receptive than he let on, Lism. Get him alone. See? Just like you intimated. I’ll keep the rest of the Council from interrupting.”
Yisht was indeed excusing him from another conversation and standing by himself. Lism frowned. Was this some weird covert thing? He eyed Tismel.
“Just me? Why me?”
“Yisht was most taken with you. He knows your history. I could do it—”
Lism straightened, feeling a bit of pride seep back into him.
