7.53
Page 15
A quartet of [Senators] walked over. Lism recognized Errif, the Gnoll [Senator] from the Assembly of Crafts, two Drakes, and a Dullahan. They wore big smiles, looked quite happy to be here…
And bugged Lism’s instinctual warning-sense instantly. He looked for the Scalespeaker and saw him staring at the group, sipping coolly from a glass. Not nearly as jovial as yesterday. But he gave Lism a nod. There was hope there.
From the [Senators]? Krshia nodded to Errif who gave her and the Gnolls a smile.
“We’re delighted you enjoyed our reception yesterday, [Senators]. But what brings you today? We did not call for a second gathering, although we had planned to.”
The Drake smiled as he clasped his claws over Krshia’s.
“Ah, Miss Silverfang. It seems we then simply preempted the order of events! We just though this was a good chance to discuss issues of state while having a genial time, don’t you?”
“Of course…”
The [Senators] smiled. Lism saw more dignitaries milling about, talking—but he intrinsically felt that they should have been invited.
“On the Raskghar issue?”
Jeiss looked bugged by the unexpected event as well. The Senior Guardsman raised an eyebrow as the [Senators] all chuckled. The Drake nodded.
“Of course, Councilmember. We wanted to assure you that Grand Strategist Chaldion has them well-secured. Of course, we’ve moved along the interrogation and trials—I understand he’s going through them right now. Once we’ve determined the guilty portion, they can be executed in Pallass—even televised, perhaps?—or we can arrange it at Liscor. We’ll even provide the [Executioner] as we understand Liscor lacks one.”
The Council stirred. They all felt it. That was what they wanted, but…Alonna frowned.
“Guilty portion? So there will be Raskghar that will not be executed?”
It was what Zevara wanted. The Drake [Senator] coughed into a fist.
“Naturally not, Councilmember. There are children among them. Young. We’ll see to them, don’t you worry. Grand Strategist Chaldion had already made some recommendations, as have our [Generals].”
“Recommendations?”
Elirr echoed the word faintly. Lism was staring at the [Senators] now. Just waiting for the ball to drop, like a shady [Trader] who was about to hand you his bill for expenses incurred.
The [Senator] nodded.
“For the surviving Raskghar, of course. We will take custody of them. Only naturally, as Pallass has taken command of the situation. Some will of course have to go with Senator Errif to the Meeting of Tribes. But the rest? Pallass can find a place for them. We are a multi-species city.”
The brass penny dropped. Lism’s eyes narrowed as the Council stirred.
“Taken command? But they’re our prisoners. Ours to decide what to do with, with Pallass’ help. Isn’t that right?”
The Pallassian [Senators] chuckled. And while they said something else entirely—their eyes winked at Lism.
Not anymore.
 
—-
 
The war council was made up of a very select number of Pallass’ most high-ranking military leaders. As those who understood Pallass knew—there was the Assembly of Crafts. And then there was the inner group of a few [Senators], the Grand Strategist, [Generals], and so on who did what needed to be done.
It was the most effective method of implementing a democracy that the Walled City had settled on during its long history. Of course—it relied on strong leadership, so the inner workings of Pallass’ military had evolved around the same principle.
