7.53
Page 19
“Okay, if you’re talking to the Scalespeaker, you should address them as ‘Scalespeaker’—not by any other title. There’s a seniority in Hectval’s members. That Drake is second, so address her after Scalespeaker Yisht—”
Teliv’s urgent crash-course in formalities resulted in the Council walking over as one unit to Hectval’s delegation four minutes later.
“Scalespeaker! Delighted to be speaking again. Councilmember Lism, at your service. And this time I’m quite pleased to present the rest of the Council.”
And again—they ran into hiccups of an unexpected nature. Hectval’s delegation was nine Drakes standing together with about five Gnolls…although Lism wondered if there was something odd there…but he hadn’t had the same opportunity to talk as Alonna, Tismel, and Zalaiss had.
He expected Yisht to be as friendly as he had been yesterday, if not quite as drunk. But the Scalespeaker took Lism’s claw, shook it once, and then nodded at the rest of the Council.
“In the name of Hectval, I greet you, Liscor’s Council. Your welcome to Liscor has been quite pleasant, thank you. I hope we’ll have time to mingle.”
Lism blinked as the others lined up for handshakes hesitated. The others of Hectval’s delegation murmured greeting, giving very formal bows or even a military salute accompanied by a tail-slap on the floor—some of the Pallassian [Senators] looked quite amused.
No love lost between Hectval and Pallass it seemed. But what was with this frosty reception? Lism tried again.
“Here’s Councilmember Krshia, Scalespeaker Yisht. I was hoping we could chat privately.”
The Drake’s eyes flicked towards Lism. He had his claw clasped to one arm and a drink in the other. He missed the opportunity to take Krshia’s paw, and nodded at her as she lowered it and glanced at Lism.
“Privately, yes, perhaps, Councilmembers. A pleasure, Councilmember Krshia.”
“I as well, Scalespeaker. It is a delight that you find Liscor so hospitable.”
“Thank you.”
And what did you do with that? Lism saw Krshia try to engage Yisht and he stepped back a second to get himself a drink. Because he needed one and to figure out what the heck was happening? First they were unpleasant, then they were best friends and today they were frosty again!
Was Hectval’s delegation made up of Drakes whose mood changed every other day? Because if so, Lism would rather kick everyone out of here, romance that strange Gnoll he’d somehow found himself liking all of a sudden, and try again tomorrow. Krshia Silverfang was better company than every damn person here even when they’d been at each other’s throats. At least they’d been fellow [Shopkeepers].
“What is going on with Hectval’s delegation, Lism? You said they were friendly! That Drake nearly froze me with her eyes!”
Raekea muttered to Lism as he busied himself at a fancy Pallassian table—and noticed they’d already begun copying Maviola’s technique. Glittering flakes of gold floated on top of his wine. He wondered if he could scoop it out and save it. It had to be worth…
“I have no idea, Raekea. Alonna, Tismel, and Zalaiss might know more. Let’s just be sociable.”
“I see some of the Gnolls with them are hanging back. I’ll see if they’re more forthcoming between us.”
Raekea nodded and Lism peered at the less expensively-dressed Gnolls standing at the back.
“Yes, do that.”
He went over to reengage with the fortitude of wine. It didn’t take long for both Lism and the rest of the Council to find out what was causing the standoffishness. Although the way each member found out was…different.
 
—-
 
