7.53
Page 5
She gave Lyonette a huge thumbs-up and a grin. The [Princess]’ lips quirked.
“You do fit the role. I remember my maternal grandmother was almost as intense as you were, before she passed.”
“Thanks!”
The [Innkeeper] took a bit of pride in seeing Lyonette relax and some of her grudge against Ryoka for Mrsha’s affection dissipate. It wasn’t like Erin didn’t notice that, and she could at least soothe Lyonette’s temper. That was her job these days. Not cooking, not cleaning—you had Silveran and Imani for that. People.
Like Ishkr and the sullen female Gnoll who followed him in for the morning’s shift. Erin waved.
“Hey, Ishkr! And Liska, right?”
“Miss Erin. Good morning.”
The Gnoll with red-brown fur and no distinct oddball traits nodded to her. The most-valuable worker and a definite contender for ‘Employee of the Month’ if Erin ever instituted that program. He nudged his sister and she growled something like ‘hello’.
Lyonette frowned as Ishkr dragged his sister over to a table. Erin pretended not to hear their growled argument.
“You say hello.”
“You said we get breakfast before we work! What’s that smell?”
“We do. But say hello even if we’re not on our shift! Come on—”
“Seems tough, having to work with a sister. How’s she doing, Lyonette?”
“Liska? She’s got a bad attitude but she follows orders so she’s not unmanageable. Not like Maran and Safry.”
Erin winced.
“Oh wow. You remember them?”
“I had a dream about when it was just me and Mrsha in the inn.”
“No kidding? Well, maybe we can get Liska some work where she doesn’t have to smile at people. Like the loading jobs with the Antinium? Unless she has a problem with them or she’s untrustworthy?”
The [Princess] chewed that over as Silveran handed Hexel a packed-lunch—two tidy boxes! Actual boxes of wood, mind you. They slid open and kept the heat wonderfully. Imani had improvised them based on the bento box from Japan, which Erin had seen. You could put all kinds of food in there and you could bring back the box to cut the price of them.
In Hexel’s case, he made it disappear into a bag of holding and went for a breakfast with Elirr—not that Erin knew about that last part. He slithered out of the inn as Lyonette nodded.
“It could work. Maybe writing receipts or some of the secretarial jobs. Liska doesn’t seem untrustworthy—just rebellious. Doesn’t like having orders. Although—she works better if I talk to her rather than Ishkr. Brother and sister.”
“Sounds good. And hey—aren’t we sending a lot of um…foods today? F-fish?”
Erin tried to remember. People, that was her job. Only—Lyonette handled the staff and the deliveries. The [Princess] gave Erin a long look.
“We’re sending some of the preserved fish and a lot of tools from Esthelm to Lord Toldos of House Everight and Lord Alman of House Sanito.”
The young woman stared blankly at Lyonette.
“How do you remember those names?”
“How do you remember a Magnus-Belgrade Opening?”
“That doesn’t exist. And that’s different! That’s fun!”
Erin folded her arms defensively. The [Princess] sighed.
“Only to you, Erin. What’s taking those two so long?”
“Aw, let them sleep. Ryoka got in late. She was really worried about Mrsha!”
As the two talked and relaxed, the inn began waking up. Ishkr and his sister took their breakfast and soon the magical door would be letting people in. But Lyonette had decreed to Erin’s agreement that there was a hiatus to the morning’s rush. It was around seven-ish that you could enter via the magic door. Before that—peace reigned.
