7.53
Page 8
Fierre mumbled, giving Ryoka a sharp look. Erin nodded at the [Mage].
“And you’re a Courier?”
“The Mage Runner, yes. In debt to Miss Ryoka and Miss Fierre.”
“Whoa. I heard about that. Something about a delivery? It’s great to meet you both! And like I said yesterday—everything’s on the house for Ryoka’s friends.”
“Within reason.”
Lyonette coughed. Erin laughed and Salamani grinned.
“We can certainly pay—”
“Nah! Ryoka’s friends are my friends! And a Courier? You guys do great work. You know that big delivery of the cure for Yellow Rivers to Baleros? That’s amazing. I wish I could give all those Couriers free food for like, a year.”
Fierre and Salamani brightened up. They were a bit awkward with Erin and Lyonette, neither of which they knew, but the television was a universal icebreaker. Salamani leaned forwards with a bit of that shared pride of Runners.
“You heard about that too?”
“Yup! We’ve got a scrying mirror and saw the entire thing.”
The two saw the blank mirror. Fierre whistled as she beheld the huge mirror, which was as long as Erin and half as tall.
“That’s your scrying mirror? That has to cost thousands of gold pieces! Tens of thousands!”
Erin flapped a hand, grinning, but Salamani shot a knowing glance around the room.
“Actually, Fierre, it’s temporarily enchanted. Not an artifact—there must be someone who can cast [Scrying].”
“Oh. Of course.”
The Vampire blushed and Erin looked at Salamani with more respect.
“Hey, that’s right! We’ve got some [Mages] from Wistram here.”
“Really? I’m from Wistram! I’d love to meet them.”
The [Innkeeper]’s ready smile tensed just a bit and her eyes flickered to Ryoka. The City Runner shook her head quickly. Fierre stared at Ryoka as Erin relaxed. You could write a book on the unspoken dialogue here. Erin nodded.
“Well, I’ll introduce you to Palt in a moment. It’s great to meet you like I said, Salamani. You’re like the…one…two…third Courier I’ve ever met! No wait…fourth. There was poor Valceif…”
Ryoka’s face fell and Salamani winced. Then he blinked.
“You’ve met four Couriers, Miss Solstice? I know Hawk the Hare lives in Liscor…but there’s that door to Invrisil! Of course!”
“Yeah, I met Valceif, and Hawk, and Tritel and Ci. Do you know them?”
The Courier was nodding.
“The Moonlight Rider? I ran with him on this joint delivery—”
“That was you?”
Lyonette and Erin sat up and nearly knocked the food Ishkr and Silveran were bringing over. Mrsha sat bolt upright. Here was one of the Couriers from that run? She looked at Ryoka, jaw agape.
There was so much each side didn’t know about the other! Fierre began to look a bit supercilious herself as Salamani began to demur about the newsworthy run.
“It was just posturing. Those weren’t the best [Assassins] the guild had. It was a warning—and three Couriers are hard to stop. But it did get me a lot of free drinks!”
“No way. We need like—autographs! Ryoka, this is your friend?”
Salamani ducked his head.
“Miss Griffin’s fairly famous herself, Miss Solstice. Or she will be.”
“That’s right. She’s the Wind Runner of Reizmelt!”
Fierre grinned at Ryoka, hiding her fangs by turning her head. Erin leaned sideways to see and Ryoka kicked her under the table. Lyonette eyed Erin and Ryoka. Salamani nodded at Erin.
“If you’ve met Tritel and Ci, you know they’re one of the other Couriers who did that run. And—they’re the ones responsible for the land-delivery of the Yellow Rivers cure you were talking about!”
He waited for Erin to explode with awe at that. The [Innkeeper] blinked.
“Oh, yeah. I know that. I hired Tritel to take the cure from the inn.”
