7.53
Page 11
This was The Wandering Inn. And it could be as grand as anything, or as silly as Mrsha smearing avocado on her cheeks to copy Numbtongue’s war paint. The trick was to roll with it.
“So. Now you’re here, what shall we do? And are you going to stay for a while? Because I think we all need that.”
Erin beamed at Ryoka as the three came back to the table. Ryoka sat down slowly.
“I don’t know. We have to get an appointment with Hedault. He owes me a favor.”
“I can help! We’ve got a line to Hedault with Montressa and Beza.”
Ryoka eyed Erin.
“You’ve…met Hedault?”
“Yeah. I don’t think he likes me.”
No kidding? Salamani raised his brows, at this point too numb by all the revelations to care that Erin knew the best [Enchanter] in Invrisil. Ryoka shook her head.
“We need to visit Lady Ieka if she’s still in residence. Salamani’s contacts say she is. And—Hedault, see what needs selling, and meet with…other people.”
Magnolia Reinhart. If she was still even in Izril after the attack. But Salamani shouldn’t know about that. Fierre gave Ryoka a significant look. Erin started.
“Oh yeah. And while you’re at it, you should meet with someone else. Maviola. I wrote to you about her, Ryoka. She can help with your big event.”
Fierre and Salamani’s brows snapped together. It couldn’t be. Ryoka sat up.
“Yeah, that too.”
The crazy plan that Teriarch had come up with was coming true. Somehow—it was the Erin-effect. The [Innkeeper] smiled.
“One step at a time. Come on. We’ll go together. We have a lot to catch up on!”
She held out a hand to Ryoka and the City Runner smiled. She took Erin’s hand and the young woman began to chatter as Mrsha leapt onto Ryoka’s shoulders and demanded to go along too. Fierre was shaking her head and taking notes. Salamani had just noticed Temile and Mons and Bezale were sizing the Courier up as a fellow Wistram [Mage].
And as Erin led them towards the door, it happened. The group of five—Lyonette was seeing to the deliveries downstairs in the basement and delivery ramp—heard a rumble of voices from outside suddenly. Erin stopped in her tracks.
“Whoa, that’s a lot of…”
And then the door blew open, divulging a bevy, a host, an army of people. Almost all Drakes, but with some exceptions like Bevussa and her team, a few Gnolls, a Dullahan or two and Garuda—
And voices. Arguing, demanding—Ryoka backed up as Mrsha pulled on her head as if to guide Ryoka like a horse. Erin stared.
The magical door had opened and poor Ishkr was being flattened against a wall as people surged through. From Pallass. The door actually drained itself of mana and began flickering as the ambient mana tried to resupply itself. But the first wave was already a babble.
“—here from Pallass. Hello, I’m a [Senator], make way, make way—”
“I hear there’s another party with Liscor and the Hectval situation! Where’s the gemstone cake? And we’re here about the Players of Celum coming to our city—”
“Raskghar. Yes, the Raskghar situation. You there. Where’s your Watch Captain? I have two Watch Captains and we won’t be kept waiting for—”
The people in the inn stared at the volume of largely important and self-important people coming through the door. And as if by design or chance, they heard a similar uproar coming from outside the inn.
“Justice for Liscor! We want to see the Raskghar tried and executed! Where’s the Grand Strategist?” 
“Why did the magical door go out?” 
“I want to go to Pallass now!”
“I just wanted that hamburger—”
A second crowd had, after discovering the magic door wasn’t yet working, marched from the gates to the inn, having to walk to get here.
