7.53
Page 12
Erin looked at Ryoka and Fierre and Salamani. They were confused—Mrsha tensed again. Ryoka reached up to squeeze her paw.
Really, it was predictable. Erin should have known, but she’d forgotten that ‘the end’ that she’d presumed to yesterday wasn’t an end at all. She had made the fire of mercy, found a solution to help Zevara.
But were the Raskghar dead? No. Was Liscor’s time with Hectval up? No. Were the Players of Celum in Pallass? Not at all. The first wave of Pallass’ dignitaries moved into the inn and Erin found another chaotic mess on her hands.
For once—not hers. She could happily kick this lot to Liscor and send the objectors and justice-seekers to Pallass. She knew only Bevussa, Keldrass, and a few other Gold-rank Captains who’d come through to be dignified and socialize and hobnob and blather on. It was Maviola’s problem, and the Council’s, and anyone who wanted to use the magic door today. The [Innkeeper] almost relaxed.
“Hey. So…where’s Pallass’ list of people, huh? Didn’t get that today.”
She grinned around. Then her head snapped back up.
One last person had come through the door—despite it being ‘empty’ of magical power. But then—he’d charged it up. And he came through the crowd like a killer whale among dolphins. At least—in pure physical size.
Grimalkin of Pallass walked forwards, his head on a swivel. And it might have been nothing. But Erin had a premonition. She knew the Sinew Magus. And sure enough—he stopped as his head found one person in the chaos of it all.
Ryoka Griffin. The huge Drake folded his arms and looked past her in less than a moment. But Erin had seen his eyes linger because she’d been watching him. She did not see Lady Salkis take one look at Ryoka and practically dive back through the door to Pallass. She did not see Troy and Leon on the other side, waiting for the next group of Pallass’ dignitaries to come through.
The thing that Erin had forgotten was that her great friend, Ryoka Griffin, was back. And if Erin had a tendency towards great events, both bad and good—Ryoka Griffin?
She just tended to bring trouble.
 
—-
 
Lism woke up to the chanting from outside and stared blankly ahead. Time was, he’d have been part of the crowd demanding justice from a Councilmember. Who had decided it was a good idea to bully political figures in person? Oh—right. His campaign.
For a second, the Drake just stared blearily ahead. Then he felt the warm, furry shape next to him move and had a sudden burst of adrenaline and panic.
“Scale splinters. Krshia, wake up!”
He shook the Gnoll and heard a growl.
“What is it?”
“We have protestors!”
It took the other [Shopkeeper] a second to understand what the issue was. Then Krshia’s head shot up.
Protestors. Complaining about the Raskghar. Wanting justice. Perfectly understandable. Lism was on their side. Krshia? She’d go down there and shake claws and paws and tell them justice would be served.
The issue was if they both came out of Lism’s apartment. Together. And there were Gnolls and Drakes down there.
“Uh…”
Lism’s mind went blank. But Krshia was already moving. She grabbed her clothing, looking around the room, and cursed.
“Where’s my bag of holding?”
“Over there? No, wait…”
Lism fumbled about. He was slow in the mornings, but Krshia was too youthful for her age. She had her bag of holding and was tearing through it in a moment. She found a vial, poured a bit of the liquid around on her clothing, and then splashed Lism with it.
“What are you doing?”
He blinked at her stupidly as the liquid ran down his face and front.
