7.53
Page 39
The Drake froze as half a dozen [Guards] spotted the naked blade and drew their weapons. They really needn’t have bothered, though. Lism had seen Jeiss, one of the best [Swordsmen] in the city, creeping up on the Drake from Hectval—and Alonna had a bead on him with a wand.
He really didn’t fight fair.
“What’s going on, Councilmembers?”
Zevara looked at Erin with deep suspicion and then at the Scalespeaker, the tableau in City Hall. Lism shook his head. He looked at Yisht and turned away.
“Negotiations, Watch Captain, have broken down. Scalespeaker, I don’t think Hectval or your little alliance has anything Liscor wants, let alone needs. I think that has been made clear.”
“No—Lism! You can’t be serious!”
Tismel was protesting and Zalaiss was staring around in horror. Lism saw the other Drake come over and raised a fist. Tismel halted and Lism shouted.
“Serious? Let’s put it to a vote, then? What does the Council think?”
He turned. Alonna, Jeiss, Raekea, Elirr, and Krshia all glanced at each other. Elirr looked at one of the Paworkers. Krshia sighed. Raekea shook her head, looking disgusted at the Hectval delegation. Jeiss grimaced, his hand on his sword’s hilt and Alonna smiled at Lism.
“We agree!”
Tismel and Zalaiss were drowned out as Lism swung around and nearly fell over.
“Then we have a majority! It’s clear that Hectval’s guests haven’t learned basic civility. Watch Captain, escort them out of the city. Politely!”
Zevara stared at Lism. She couldn’t have known what had occurred here—but then, Watch Captains had their own sources of information. She nodded tightly.
“Delegates—it seems your permission to stay has been revoked. I’ll escort you to the inn and then out of the city.”
“You can’t do this!”
It was amazing how people said the same things. Erin saw the delegates arguing—the one with the sword tried waving it about, but Zevara had an entire squad of [Guards]. A double-squad, actually, the Erin Solstice special. She watched the Hectval delegates being prodded off. Yisht screamed back at Lism, red under his scales.
“This isn’t over! You’ve made a mistake, you—you—lizardbrained sympathizers!”
But it was. At least for now. Lism stood there, massaging his knuckles. Erin kept staring at him.
“Are you…Lism?”
He grunted.
“That’s Councilmember to you, Miss Solstice. It seems—no. I owe you an apology.”
“Oh. For what?”
“I’m sure you can remember.”
Lism turned away. He looked at Krshia. He still didn’t like Erin Solstice, by the way. Or foreigners. People coming into his city…etc. etc.
He just happened to dislike Yisht more.
“So that was a Drake city? I can’t say I care for them.”
Krshia walked over. She looked at Lism. And she smiled as she patted him on the shoulder. Not a kiss or anything—Lism hadn’t quite earned it and besides, Erin was muttering about not getting her punch in a few steps over.
“Well done, Councilmember Lism.”
“Why thank you, Councilmember Krshia.”
They smiled at each other. Alonna nudged Jeiss as the Senior Guardsman decided he needed a double-drink. And to pack up some of the food for his family.
“I take it back. I think they’re good for each other.”
The [Guardsman] grunted.
“It’s still weird.”
 
—-
 
One last thing. There was more to be said, and done. Ryoka Griffin’s first day back had been…eventful. But she was staying for a while. It was just that Pallass had received a lesson.
Which was that you couldn’t bully people with impunity. There were consequences. Perhaps there would be for Erin, too. Walled Cities and all that.
