7.53
Page 27
“We were so leery of the damned Antinium as well—and a Drake city being so near Humans? But it’s people. Good people, doing the right sort of thing. I’ll be telling my Council that. ‘Liscor’s on the brink, but there’s Drakes like Councilmember Lism holding onto decency’. Don’t know how you can stand it, though. I suppose it’s for the good of the city?”
“Y—of—there are Gnolls in your delegation, though?”
That was all Lism could think to say. His mind had gone a bit blank. He said things of course. But Yisht? He was giving a Dullahan [Senator] and Errif a dirty look—no wonder they didn’t even try to socialize if they knew how Hectval’s delegation felt.
Yisht looked astonished. Then he laughed again.
“Dead gods, them? They’re not—those are Paworkers, Lism! Staff! Doesn’t your city have them? It’s the help—you thought we had them in our…? Gah!”
He shook his head, looking amused. Then he eyed Lism’s face.
“Something wrong with your mouth?”
Lism’s jaw had been hanging open the entire time. He looked at Yisht. And at last closed his mouth and tried to smile. Uh oh. Lism…didn’t think Yisht was joking.
He was serious?
 
—-
 
Once he had stopped grilling Ryoka about muscles, Grimalkin of Pallass calmed down. And Ryoka found herself in two minds.
Firstly—she sort of liked how completely over the top he was about bodybuilding. She liked that, honestly. Him shouting ‘gonads’ loud enough to make Mrsha start hiccupping and giggling was a highlight of Ryoka’s…year?
But she was also wary of him. Erin kept dancing around when Grimalkin’s back was turned—she was warning Ryoka. The City Runner knew that Grimalkin was a [Sinew Magus] of Pallass. A big name. But it began to click when he brought up his resume.
“I’m a consultant to Pallass’ standing forces. I do fight in wars at need be, but my permanent duties to the city are training—I have my own apprentices as well as Pallass’ [Battlemage] divisions and some divisions whom I personally oversee to ensure they reach their potential. Physical magic, my domain, is an overlooked school of magic I’m trying to bring to the front.”
“Oh.”
And Ryoka did see. Military? Pallass. They were having a drink after some lifting. Ryoka’s arms hurt, and Fierre looked put out she couldn’t show off. She and Salamani were checking out the rec room and other parts of the inn.
But Grimalkin had invited Ryoka to have a cup and Erin had done another ‘something bad’ dance before leaving Ryoka. Now Ryoka began to see. But she wasn’t prepared for what came next.
“So you consult with…the army? I’m sorry, Erin mentioned having some famous acquaintances in Pallass.”
“I don’t know if I qualify for that distinction. She might have been referring to Grand Strategist Chaldion, or Saliss of Lights.”
A Grand Strategist and a Named Adventurer. Ryoka choked on her goat’s milk. Grimalkin nodded.
“I do know both—Chaldion professionally, Saliss as an…acquaintance. But I’m far less important than either in many senses. However, I do have my own weight in matters of military command. Which is how I instituted the weights program across the Walled Cities—and even parts of the north.”
“Oh. Wow. And that was with Erin’s help?”
The Drake took a long drink of the goat’s milk he’d ordered.
“Yes. She had a level of knowledge about weights and strength training that no one else I had ever met possessed. Astonishing, really. And you seem to be just as knowledgeable. Even more so, Miss Ryoka.”
Aw. Ryoka kept her face still. She couldn’t do one thing here without giving herself away. Grimalkin went on.
