7.53
Page 9
Salamani’s jaw dropped. Fierre turned from staring at Numbtongue again as the Goblin cursed and forfeited an uncut emerald.
“What was that? Sorry, I have to have misheard.”
“The cure? Octavia made it. She’s probably still in her shop. She’s an [Alchemist] who lives here. Made it herself.”
“Wh—it came from this inn? Ryoka, you never said!”
Salamani turned to Ryoka as a plate was put in front of him. Fierre was staring as well. Ryoka shrugged, but she couldn’t wipe the huge smirk off her face. The smug smile on Mrsha’s face was like that of a little gremlin’s. The Gnoll child was enjoying this a lot.
“I told you. The Wandering Inn’s big. What’s this, Erin? Did you make it?”
She blinked as Erin peered at the dish Imani had whipped up. Mrsha licked her lips.
In reaction to Erin’s very American breakfasts, Imani had drawn from every recipe she knew—and Palt was an expert on Balerosian cooking. Todays’ breakfast was sumptuous. Imani had made a snack of mandazi from her continent, having secured coconut milk by way of Oteslia.
As a nod to Erin’s appeal for sweet, she did have a number of dips, including a bit of Ashfire Bee honey. But that was only one plate. She had a more proper course of dishes, including a breakfast dish of packed rice, beans, boiled eggs, and rich avocado that you could spread on some Garry-bread toast.
And more! Ryoka’s mouth was watering and Salamani looked deeply impressed.
“Is this…this is excellent cooking!”
“It’s Imani. She’s the new cook, Ryoka.”
“Imani? That frightened girl from—wait—are those annoying br—your friends here, Ryoka?”
Fierre started. Erin blinked at her, and so did Lyonette and Mrsha.
“You know Imani? Kevin, Joseph, Rose—wait, you’re the person who helped get them here?”
“I did!”
The Vampire stared in awe at Kevin and Rose who were eating with Montressa and Bezale. Galina sat Temile’s table.
It was history. The time when the Earthers from Magnolia’s mansion had been a short, if unpleasant, event in Reizmelt where Fierre and Alber had grown thoroughly sick of them. But now they were here. And the pieces…
“Wait. Liscor. Is this the place where football comes from? I’d love to buy one of the balls! A round dozen—they’d make great souvenirs and some of the [Leatherworkers] would pay a pretty penny for them! And there’s another game, isn’t there?”
Salamani snapped his fingers. Erin grinned.
“Baseball? I can give you a set!”
“Sell you.”
Lyonette hissed. Salamani blinked at Erin. Then his eyes narrowed as he saw Mrsha’s shit-eating grin stretch wider.
“Wait a moment. Do you, by any chance, know a Joseph…?”
Fierre started as she made the connection. She looked at Ryoka and the City Runner groaned. Here they went again. She spread an avocado on her toast and bit into the rich bite.
Yum.
 
—-
 
This was The Wandering Inn. Salamani and Fierre had their own tales of amazement that they thought would blow anyone away. Waking the Archmage of Izril? Meeting Mihaela Godfrey? The Wind Runner of Reizmelt?
And certainly, Erin was a great audience to tell it to. She gasped and asked questions and was invested, just like Mrsha, who began slapping Ryoka on the back and looked around proudly as if to say ‘this is my Runner who did all that, you hear?’
Lyonette was just as good; she understood what it meant. But at some point Fierre and Salamani lost the trade of stories and just had to sit back.
The magic door. The attacks on Liscor. Soccer, baseball, the King of Destruction’s letter to Joseph and the famous player himself. A cure for Yellow Rivers? And more—it had all come from here!
