7.53
Page 30
Magnolia Reinhart knew. Wistram knew. It was only a matter of time. But Ryoka felt it. Nations had begun to pick up the scent. Oil and steel on the winds. But if you were going to play this game—
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin began to laugh. Fierre, peering at Montressa and Bezale, glanced over and saw Ryoka Griffin laughing as Grimalkin stared at her. The conversation they’d been having about weight lifting cut off. The Vampire’s eyes narrowed.
“That’s—”
“Illusion spell.”
Salamani made the Vampire jump. He was looking between Mons and Beza and at Grimalkin’s illusion spell, which replaced the laughing Ryoka with a smiling, talking one in a heartbeat. He narrowed his eyes.
“What in the name of Baleros have I walked into?”
Fierre wanted to know that too.
 
—-
 
It was time to push back. Ryoka calmed down after a second. But the laughter had been genuine. She smiled at Grimalkin. The Drake was eying her suspiciously.
“Something amusing, Miss Griffin?”
“Oh. Nothing. I was just wondering—it’s—Leon, isn’t it? Galina?”
Leon was Ryoka’s first pick. Kevin, Joseph, Rose…lowest on her ranks of suspicion. Same with Imani—Ryoka couldn’t imagine she’d ever talk to strange, muscly Drakes. But Galina, Leon, and Troy had always been the least-happy to leave the mansion.
Grimalkin’s eyes flickered. Ryoka smiled thinly. He could have been lying or that could be genuine. She’d tell Erin.
But if the Drake wanted truth—here it was. Ryoka leaned forwards.
“Whoever it was—they didn’t know a thing about anything valuable, did they? They had a lot of talk, and you probably tested them with truth spells. But half of what they knew was probably them telling you what’s possible. No substance.”
“Whatever we know, Miss Griffin—”
She interrupted him. Put a flaw in this. You just had to sow…doubt.
“I’m not interested, Magus Grimalkin. If you knew half of what I know, you’d be far more wary to even ask. Maybe Pallass has what I want. But—I’m going to warn you for your own good.”
She took a deep breath, trying to suppress the quiver of fear in her voice, sound confident.
“You don’t have the best of us. You had better start asking the right questions. Or do you think we’re all the same? Some of us Humans are idiots. Or bigots. Or just plain wrong about everything, like basic mathematics and medicine. I wouldn’t trust Joseph to set a broken bone. If you’ve got who I think you have—you’ve got an idiot.”
“Bold claim.”
Grimalkin’s eyes were on her. Truth spell. Ryoka grinned with all her teeth.
“You think so? Well then, if you know about Magnolia Reinhart, let me ask you something. Why did she let…other people…go? The Deadly Flower of the North? Let go of an asset that would be worth what you’re offering? Let me spell it out for you: she didn’t. I helped get some kids away because Magnolia let them go.”
The Drake looked uncertain for the first time. He shifted in his seat.
“The conflict with the Circle of Thorns—”
“Bullshit. Magnolia Reinhart has as many resources as Pallass. But she has no use for useless things. Or people.”
Ryoka sat back as the Drake’s muscles tensed a bit. Yeah, that was true. Or true enough, wasn’t it? Who was it? Leon? If it was Leon—then it was Leon and Troy? Look at them sitting there—where had they been this morning?
The wind blew indoors. Ryoka closed her eyes and felt the long-held secret bubbling in her. Someday, everyone would know. For now—it was a relief to look at Grimalkin and laugh. Laugh at the surprise on his face and tell him.
