7.53
Page 3
The Worker signed back with two of his hands without even stopping sweeping. Erin was impressed. The other Workers had already picked up Mrsha’s sign language? And it was as if it had been made for them since they could work and talk!
“Cool. Great! Um…”
Erin turned—and saw a figure crouching with a crossbow in hand, aiming it at the ground. Numbtongue stared about from the [Garden of Sanctuary].
“Heard a shout. Imani?”
“Numbtongue. It was just—”
The Goblin and Erin both turned as a [Mage] sighed loudly and reappeared on the steps.
“Oh, it was Imani? Thank goodness.”
Montressa yawned as she shed her [Invisibility] spell. Erin stared at her. Montressa waved and called up the stairs.
“Just Imani!”
Beza, Hexel, Temile, and two of the [Actors] all relaxed. Erin stared as they filed down the stairs, asking what had happened. She threw up her hands.
“I’m sorry, okay?”
Her shout woke up Ryoka from her sleep.
 
—-
 
Someone shouted loud enough to wake the snoozing young woman. Ryoka Griffin woke up to find something heavy on her stomach.
It was a Mrsha. The Gnoll had crept into her room, leaving the door ajar, hence the shout travelling. Well, the scream from earlier had also begun the process. Normally a scream would get the City Runner up, but Ryoka had been exhausted from running well into the night to get here.
“Mrsha?”
The Gnoll child was awake. [Twofold Rest] being what it was, even Ryoka felt energized after less than nine hours of optimal sleep. But there was that lazy, dozing rest that you didn’t want to get up from.
For Mrsha. In Ryoka’s case, Mrsha was a bit heavy.
“It’s hard to breathe. When did you get in here?”
Mm. Mrsha made a small sound in the back of her throat and hugged Ryoka. The young woman sat up and Mrsha wrapped her arms and legs around Ryoka.
It was tomorrow. And much hugging and reuniting had gone on between them already. Not enough—Ryoka had arrived late and the frantic introductions of Fierre, Salamani—she blinked.
“I’m here? I’m back.”
So soon! And yet—it was surreal to wake up in The Wandering Inn again. Ryoka looked about the comfy, well-kept room. She looked down at Mrsha as she sat cross-legged.
“What is this barnacle doing on me?”
Mrsha giggled as Ryoka patted her head. Then the City Runner gave her a small, tentative hug.
“Hi, Mrsha. I’m still here.”
Good. Mrsha didn’t need to say it with text or sign language to be heard. Ryoka looked around.
“…Bird too? Look, it was an accident! There’s no problem! It was just me…”
That sounded like Erin from downstairs. Ryoka eyed the ajar door.
“Uh oh. Erin might have set fire to the inn. We all might cook. Or maybe she just invented cold fusion.”
Another giggle from below. Ryoka grinned.
“You want to get up, barnacle-girl? Get some breakfast?”
Mrsha’s ears perked up a bit at the word ‘breakfast’, but for once, she didn’t leap downstairs. She just stayed there, in Ryoka’s lap.
“What do you want to do, Mrsha? Go to sleep? Are you that sleepy?”
A quick shake of the head. Mrsha looked up with her brown eyes and did something with her paws. Ryoka frowned. It was fast—
“What? What was that?”
Was that…sign language? Mrsha’s face fell as she realized Ryoka couldn’t read her. She fumbled at a small pouch attached to her side. Ryoka saw her pull out a bit of parchment, a quill that needed no ink—
“Are you writing?”
The Gnoll held up a small, furry finger, and Ryoka waited. Mrsha scribbled industriously and then handed Ryoka a note.
Stay here for a bit.
