7.53
Page 31
“You know nothing still. Whatever you have—you just have children. Idiots who don’t know a single thing that should terrify you.”
Full Ryoka-cynicism. Full contempt. Full ego and arrogance. Look at me. Tell him it wasn’t enough, what he had, and then run like hell. Because…it was too late. If he had even ideas, he knew what was possible with steel and gunpowder and…
The Sinew Magus looked at Ryoka.
“It seems Pallass should up its offer. Miss Griffin, why don’t we discuss this in a more secure location?”
“Why don’t we not? I don’t think I want what you’re offering, Magus Grimalkin.”
The Drake [Mage] paused.
“Surely we can discuss this. Let me introduce you to Grand Strategist Chaldion. He is in a better position to offer you—”
She had no [Dangersense]. But every instinct in Ryoka’s body told her: do not go to Pallass. She stood up abruptly.
“I think we’re done, Magus, don’t you?”
“I’d rather like to insist.”
Oh shit. He was looking at her. It occurred to Ryoka suddenly—what happened if he just grabbed her and went for the door? No way she could ever get out of a grip. She backed up a bit. The Sinew Magus was very still.
And Erin Solstice tapped him on the back.
“Hey. Grimalkin. Are you bothering Ryoka?”
The Drake turned. Ryoka saw Palt watching from the hallway. Erin was there, dusting her palms off of…black powder? Ryoka’s mind said charcoal dust at first, but it was just flour. Her apron was smudged and Grimalkin stared at her.
“Not at all, Miss Solstice. I was just offering Miss Ryoka—”
“Yeah, it sounds like you were bothering her. Ryoka, is this dude bothering you? He’s pushy, isn’t he?”
Ryoka saw Erin widen her eyes and smile. So the City Runner took a breath.
“I wasn’t—happy with what I heard. Big stuff, Erin. I’d rather go.”
“Mhm. Got it. Why don’t you leave her alone, Grimalkin?”
Grimalkin folded his arms as Erin looked up at Grimalkin. She shook her head.
“And what’s this I hear about Pallass keeping the Raskghar? Olesm came by—he’s really mad. Huh, Grimalkin? Huh?”
She poked him in the chest. Actually poked the Drake who had to weigh three or four times what she did. The Sinew Magus stared down as Erin flexed her stubbed finger and winced.
“You’d have to discuss that with Grand Strategist Chaldion or the [Senators], Erin. I’m simply offering Miss Griffin a choice. The same I’d like to offer—”
“Not interested. You know, Pallass can’t just throw it’s big fat weight around and bully us. And you can’t come into my inn and bully Ryoka, Grimalkin.”
The [Sinew Magus] stared down at the [Innkeeper].
“I am representing Pallass, Miss Solstice. I believe we’ve had this conversation before? Pallass is a Walled City. It is not Liscor or Liscor’s Council. You cannot—”
He should have been more careful. Ryoka Griffin felt like Grimalkin resembled her the first few times she’d come to the inn, in a way. Self-confident—not that it was a bad thing. Intelligent. But perhaps too ready to look down on the silly [Innkeeper] for all he knew what she was.
Ryoka had learned the hard way when Erin had punched her lights out. Erin’s eyes narrowed. She looked around.
“That’s true. Like you keep saying, Grimalkin, buddy, pal, we’re not Pallass. This is humble Liscor, small city and all that. And you’re big guy Grimalkin. [Sinew Magus]! Grimalkin the Fist! Look at me, I’ve got muscles!”
“Would you stop saying that?”
He actually began looking annoyed as Erin began to mock-flex in front of him. Ryoka was trying not to laugh. The [Innkeeper] looked up at him.
