7.53
Page 13
“Scent-destroying potion, you idiot, Lism! Put some fresh clothes on, and take a rinse! Wear some old clothing, even, that hasn’t been washed!”
She hissed at him as she hunted around. Lism took a moment to rub at his face.
“We’re dead.”
“No we’re not. Stop panicking.”
Lism wasn’t panicking. He’d looked at it from all angles. He tapped Krshia on the back.
“Krshia—there’s no back way out of my apartments. Even if you were a [Thief]—they’d see you jump out the window.”
She ignored that.
“We’ll meet at City Hall. I have to meet this Hectval delegation. Stop panicking, Lism. I have this contained, yes?”
“There’s no access to the sewers either, Krshia. Look—I’ll go out there and try to talk to them. They’ll disperse after a while—you slip away when no one’s watching. Maybe—maybe I can get that Human to cause a distraction…”
She growled.
“Lism. Don’t be an idiot. Do you think I didn’t think of this possibility? I am prepared. I’ll see you at City Hall.”
He stared at her. She had her clothes on, and now she pulled something out of her bag of holding. It was…a scroll.
“Is that—?”
She rolled her eyes.
“I knew you wouldn’t think of a backup plan.”
The Drake’s jaw dropped. He saw Krshia unfurl the scroll and the pre-programmed coordinates made her fur light up. It wasn’t a high-quality one—so the two stared at each other for nearly half a minute as light began to draw a circle around Krshia on the floor.
“Er…that’s very well thought out, Krshia.”
“It’s basic thinking, Lism. Speaking of which—do you have anything of Alonna’s? Or another female Drake? A Gnoll would be even better. Rub it on your clothing—just in case—”
Pop. She vanished. Lism stared at the spot Krshia had been, finally waking up and shaking off the dread that had engulfed him.
She had a plan. No wonder she’d wanted to buy something from that Minotauress and been so happy about having a [Spellscribe] in the city! Lism breathed again. That was Krshia Silverfang for you. Had backup plans for when things went south.
That was why he liked her. Lism began to hum under his breath as he hunted for clothing and checked his reflection for dead scales. Then he went out and became Councilmember Lism.
 
—-
 
When Liscor’s Council met that day, they had a lot to do. So they had a working breakfast. Jeiss and Alonna gave Lism a long look after he arrived last, Elirr having beaten him by a few seconds.
“Sorry, protestors caught me. I assume all of you had the same issue?”
“They found me when I was taking my kids to the park. I had to call for backup.”
Jeiss muttered. He looked at Krshia, who muttered something in the affirmative. Alonna stared at Lism for a long moment.
“They uh—got to my apartment as well. Glad you and Krshia…and Elirr and everyone else made it out.”
Lism was still somewhat distracted, so he missed the note in her voice. Krshia—did not. She gave Raekea a swift look—the Gnoll had her face in her paws.
The secret was out. At least—to everyone but Tismel and Zalaiss. The two Drakes looked rather pleased with themselves, which was unusual, but Lism conceded they’d done actual work yesterday.
“Elirr? Raekea? How’d you fare?”
Raekea seemed fine, if a bit heated for some reason. But the [Beast Trainer] looked well and truly rattled.
“I had er—protestors at my shop. Scared myself and Hexel to death. We were going over plans for the city.”
“That’s working at all hours. I’m sorry they bothered you.”
Lism was impressed by Elirr’s dedication. The Gnoll exhaled.
“Yes, work. Not at all startling to have two dozen people banging on your door demanding justice.”
