7.53
Page 16
Pallass had multiple armies. Each one with a specialty, a [General], and a goal. For instance—1st Army was always stationed in the Walled City. It was made up of Pallass’ best who trained and drilled here—often they were sent to other armies for experience such that 1st Army was always cycling in a mix of new, promising candidates for training and receiving veterans who got guard-duty in the city as an unofficial break and reward.
There was 2nd Army, whose purpose was explicitly foreign affairs, campaigns abroad. The former 3rd Army which had been destroyed under Thrissiam Blackwing—monster slayers which could take on Adult Creler nests and the like.
4th Army under Edellein Blackwing was more specialized towards resource-acquisition. They could move fast, secure spots in inter-city conflicts, lay ambushes…their unofficial designation was ‘Pallass’ Bandits’ by other cities. Edellein disliked the term immensely. After all, he was 4th [General] of Pallass!
Each [General] had a seniority based on their army position. In truth, 2nd Army’s [General] was probably their best as 1st Army’s [General], the Dullahan, Duln, was always in the city. But you could generally assume there was a ranking based on levels.
And trust. So in that sense, Edellein was the 4th most trusted and highly-leveled [General] of the eight armies. Really, there should have been nine to match Pallass’ floors, but the last army had been a hypothetical for decades; there was a limit to the amount of forces even Pallass, home to millions, could support.
“—exceptional strength and agility despite their size. If Captain Bevussa’s report is to be understood, Raskghar exceed all but Level 30 Gnolls in combat ability during a full moon. With the right Skills, you could…match them at lower levels.”
It wasn’t just [Generals] in the room with just over a dozen members of the inner council. Edellein felt alone without his aides, but they were not permitted here. It was a [Veteran Strategist] who was giving the report—a Drake in his late fifties.
Of course, that was nothing compared to the venerable Grand Strategist himself who tapped a claw on the table.
“Awakened Raskghar. There’s a difference. Regular Raskghar are around a Level 15 Gnoll [Warrior] unless it’s a full moon. With their increased abilities, Level 20 at best. And with Skills, I’d give it to a Level 20 Gnoll if they have time to use a Skill.”
The [Veteran Strategist], duly chastened, ducked his head. And one of the [Generals] cleared his throat.
“Even so, they’re a valuable asset.”
Represented among the [Generals] were Duln, Edellein, and the newly-minted General Shirka of 3rd Army. Edellein had resented her being promoted over him; he’d felt he deserved to have his army moved up the ranking. But High Command had wanted another Drake, and chosen her.
She was…competent. Fought in some extreme campaigns and recruited to Pallass oh, eight years back. But Chaldion had to have really trusted her to make her 3rd [General].
Edellein sat back as the inner council debated.
“Heavy troopers. No Skills means they’re inherently weaker and won’t level. But they can go into fighting without needing to level. There’s an advantage there. Is that the plan, Grand Strategist?”
“First the sentencing. I have promised to hold the Raskghar accountable. Those guilty will be executed publically—our [Interrogators] are deciding guilt.”
“Why not just choose a third of them and save the most promising candidates?”
Edellein murmured. He was rewarded with a few quiet nods. But Chaldion looked pointedly at the Drake.
