7.53
Page 18
It made Lism furious. Especially after he’d told that Drake [Senator]—Senator Wishill, one of the Assembly of Craft’s members with the longest careers and arguably, most influence—that it wasn’t Pallass’ decision alone.
“It was our city who accepted the Raskghar’s surrender, Senator. And Liscor and Pallass are allied—”
Every Pallassian in earshot had laughed. Laughed! Mostly Drakes, with only a handful of Gnolls, Garuda, or Dullahans—representative of the Walled City’s population in large. And Wishill had given Lism a superior look as he chuckled a reply.
“Allies, Councilmember? I’m terribly sorry if you’ve had the wrong impression, but Pallass is not—allies with Liscor. We’ve certainly had mutually beneficial relationships but—we’re allies with Manus and Zeres. Excuse me. I couldn’t help but chuckle.”
It was a reminder that they didn’t know inter-city politics, at least, among the Drakes. Honestly, Liscor’s Council knew more about Celum’s politics than Drake cities. And Lism had inadvertently referred to a formal alliance between cities written via magical treaty, which they certainly did not have.
Their [Negotiator], Teliv, explained this all in a hurried rush. Lism tried not to show his fury with his lashing tail. Alonna was doing just as poor a job. Ironically, it was Tismel and Zalaiss who were the ones in-the-know here.
“Bit of a faux pas, Lism. But we can get over it. Is the Raskghar issue that large?”
Zalaiss murmured as she looked at the other dignitaries.
“Yes!”
Lism, Krshia, Elirr, Jeiss, and Raekea all snapped as one. Zalaiss recoiled. Teliv wrung his claws.
“It’ll be hard, Councilmembers. Pallass has the Raskghar now, and you know what they say about possession.”
“It’s mine, back off?”
Jeiss muttered. Teliv nodded. Drakes had a different saying than Humans. He glanced at the Council and cleared his throat.
“Not that I don’t think it wasn’t necessary given the—the security situation, but diplomatically, it wasn’t the best move if we wanted to control the Raskghar’s fate…”
Lism closed his eyes. It was not her fault. It wasn’t! She’d solved the problem. It was just—it was sort of Erin Solstice’s fault.
“What are our options, Teliv?”
The [Negotiator] bit his lip.
“I’m uh—going to be honest, Councilmembers. I’m out of my depth here. We have a room full of [Senators], which have Skills like mine—but they out-level and outclass me. As I see it, Liscor has no real levels on Pallass anyway.”
That was true. Lism gnashed his teeth.
“So we just have to take it?”
“Not entirely. There is…a way to lean on a Walled City. And that would be…”
The Drake shot a covert nod at a frosty group on the edges of Pallass’ convivial conversations with all the other hobnobbers and adventurers who’d come along with the dignitaries. Lism’s eyes sharpened.
Hectval. Of course! If a Walled City wanted to stomp around, smaller Drake cities could check them. Even he knew that. That was how Zel Shivertail had clashed with Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar way back when. An alliance of Drake cities had been at odds with the Walled City and even gotten Salazsar to back down after a fight.
Not that it needed to come to that. Lism adjusted his clothing and looked at the others.
“It seems our route is clear then. Councilmembers? Time to spend some of that goodwill.”
The others nodded, perking up a bit. Krshia nudged them, speaking quietly.
“Covertly though, yes? Let’s make friends first. Then ask for favors. Test the waters.”
“Good point. Good point. Hear that? No one bring up Pallass just yet. Let’s just walk over—Teliv, how do we proceed?”
