7.53
Page 36
And that was when the doors opened and someone walked into the reception. At first, Lism didn’t notice. But she drew his eye because of course she did.
Only Erin Solstice could have bypassed the Watch keeping the onlookers and people wanting to crash the party out. She marched into the reception with an apron on, work clothing, ignoring the aghast looks and murmurs.
“What in the name of the Ancestors…?”
Yisht gave Lism a quick look, but the [Shopkeeper] was just waiting. He felt light as he flexed the claw on his cup and didn’t raise it to stop Erin. He could have. Could have ordered the Watch, intercepted her—
But Lism didn’t feel like it.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice looked around and saw her target at once. She was fuming. Ryoka had a temper. Mrsha had a terrible temper. Lyonette got mad—but Erin was more like Numbtongue, or, heavens forbid, Bird. She usually didn’t get mad.
Usually.
“Emme! I need a word.”
Erin strode over to the part-Dwarf woman, who was engaged in conversation with the Drake [Senator] Wishill about the plays. Emme looked up, startled, and focused on Erin. Wesle and Jasi—who both knew the score—had stopped talking at once to watch her.
“Erin! What’s the matter?”
“This must be the redoubtable Miss Solstice with the magic door. Is, er, something wrong?”
“Oh, just connection issues with Pallass. The magic door might be down.”
A [Senator]—Errif—dropped his wine glass in horror. Erin smiled as the others stopped talking.
“Don’t worry! We can get you all back! But there’s this issue—Emme, can I borrow you?”
She ignored the sudden babble and towed Emme away. The Dwarf hurried over, whispering.
“What’s the matter, Erin? Something up with the door?”
“Yeah. But listen, Emme—I need a favor.”
“Of course. But is now…? What is it?”
Erin Solstice smiled.
“Cut off negotiations with Pallass. Please. Unless Pallass decides to apologize and make up. I’ll let you know, but I want you to tell them on my behalf.”
The Dwarf woman stared at Erin. Then she slowly tugged at one ear.
“Can you—say that again?”
Erin repeated herself. Emme looked up at her.
“…No. Erin—”
“The Players owe me a favor.”
Erin had never wanted gold or fancy restaurants or even the Solstice booth. When she asked for a favor though—Emme grabbed at her hair. Since she didn’t have a beard. Erin had half-expected that when Emme had told her about the Dwarf ancestry thing.
“Erin—this is the biggest chance we’ve had! This is a Walled City! As big as Invrisil! Temile—”
“What’s the issue, Erin? Can we help?”
Temile, Wesle, and Jasi walked over. Erin smiled at them. Old friends.
“I want you to break off negotiations with Pallass. It’d help me out.”
The [Actors] stared at her. Temile smiled uncertainly. Wesle just exhaled.
“That’s a big ask, Erin. Even for you.”
Jasi nodded. Emme stared at both of them.
“You two can’t be serious.”
“If Erin’s opposed, she has good reasons, Emme. And she has the magic door.”
“Mhm. I might shut down all travel to Pallass for like a week, or longer. Emme, I’ll make it up to the Players.”
The [Manager] hesitated.
“How?”
Erin gave her a serious look as the Pallassian [Senators] milled about. Someone began pointing at her accusatorially and she heard the name, ‘Chaldion’ being thrown about. Erin waved. Then she looked at the Players.
