7.53
Page 4
Ryoka read it with some shock. Mrsha—writing? And signing? So much had changed. And what did that mean? She looked at the little Gnoll as she hugged onto Ryoka’s belly again. And then she got it.
Slowly, Ryoka sat back and began to scratch Mrsha’s head. She and the girl sat there as Ryoka hugged her. The sun began to rise as they just sat.
No running about. No food—not yet—and no need to talk. They just sat there. Ryoka was back and Mrsha could not be happier. The City Runner found herself smiling, and looked around to see if anyone had noticed the uncharacteristic behavior.
 
—-
 
Lyonette stomped downstairs shortly after the Imani-incident, as the inn was already abuzz. Erin was greeting people as they came down.
“Hi Hexel, sorry, that was me. Hi Temile, sorry that was me. Hi Lyonette—”
The [Princess]’ glower could have nailed Erin’s tongue to the roof of her mouth. The [Innkeeper] eyed her.
“Bad sleep?”
“Where’s Mrsha? She should be awake by now. She normally is.”
Erin shrugged.
“She’s not with you? Wait a second—this had better not be like last time!”
She gave Hexel a long stare. The Lamia looked around as he collected a to-go breakfast to have with a certain Gnoll.
“I wasn’t accosted by a small white Gnoll this time. I did check.”
Before Erin could ask Numbtongue before calling a Mrsha-search, Lyonette interrupted.
“She’s with Ryoka.”
“Oh, phew!”
Erin wiped fake sweat from her brow, but the [Princess] just sat with arms folded. Erin saw Silveran come over with two plates of Imani’s breakfast, which she was serving to the guests and ignoring the requests for their meals because this was her kitchen.
“Not just yet, Silveran! We want to eat with Ryoka, I think.”
Lyonette folded her arms as the Worker handed a plate to Bird, who sighed over the distinct lack of obvious bird anatomy in his meal. He brightened up at the eggs, though.
“What’s the matter, Lyonette?”
“Nothing. Ryoka’s back and Mrsha is over the moon about it. I’m fine.”
The [Princess] glared. Erin sighed.
“Mrsha likes Ryoka. You know? Because she saved her from dying and stuff?”
Lyonette turned her head away.
“I know that! It’s fine. Mrsha has a favorite person.”
She was jealous. Which was fair. Lyonette had raised Mrsha when both Erin and Ryoka hadn’t been there and become her mother. So it was a mother’s jealousy? Erin scratched at her head.
She couldn’t serve a healthy breakfast or double-check before scaring the daylights out of Imani and half of her guests, but this? She looked around as more people filed down the stairs. Kevin, Rose, Galina…Troy and Leon and Joseph were all sleeping, it seemed. No survival instincts.
“Lyonette. You’re being silly. Mrsha loves you! You’re her mom!”
“I know that! Don’t you think I know that?”
The [Princess] snapped at Erin. The [Innkeeper] went on, rolling her eyes.
“—and Mrsha loves Ryoka because she’s the person who saved her. But that doesn’t mean you’re not her mom, right? Ryoka’s like…a favorite, cool aunt. She comes over and of course Mrsha wants to be with her! You’re here every day! It’s not personal. Don’t you have a favorite relative?”
Lyonette’s glower abated slightly. Erin gave her an encouraging smile. The [Princess] hesitated and muttered.
“I did have a favorite [Baron]. So Ryoka’s the aunt?”
“That’s right. Numbtongue’s the big brother, Bird is…either the little brother or another big brother…you’re the mom…”
“And you’re the father?”
They’d done this joke before. Erin flapped her hand dismissively.
“Nah, nah, I figured it out this time. I’m the crazy-awesome grandma! Doesn’t that make sense?”
