7.53
Page 2
“Whoa. Give me that. I slept on a book this morning. You think it would stop that?”
The [Cook] had to process Erin’s particular brand of troubles. She shrugged.
“…Maybe? Anyways, can I help you? I’m making breakfast.”
Erin nodded.
“Right! Uh—well, I just wanted a big breakfast for Ryoka, since she’s here. Something special? I was thinking crepes with some of the Ashfire Bee honey if we had it…”
Imani’s face made Erin hesitate.
“What?”
“Erin. Were you going to suggest we add the whipped cream I made and serve it with powdered sugar? Maybe even powdered nali-sticks? And syrup and butter?”
“Maaaaaybe. And if we had chocolate…”
The [Cook] shook her head.
“That’s such a disgusting breakfast.”
“Hey! It’s a special occasion!”
“I’m making something light and tasty. Here, take a look. Did you know there are avocados and other vegetables from our world we can get from Oteslia?”
Erin peered at the dark green avocado Imani was eagerly pointing to. It was definitely an avocado. Imani had ordered another shipment from Oteslia, or gotten it from the bazaar on Pallass’ first floor, apparently.
“So that’s what Lyonette keeps complaining about with the food budget. Are you sure, Imani? I mean, it looks good, but we could do crepes…”
“Out.”
“I’m just saying! It’s from home!”
“Out!”
Erin found herself outside of the kitchen. She kicked at the floor.
“Tyrant.”
“All your food is unhealthy, Erin!”
The [Innkeeper] glared after Imani. She sighed, and made a note not to scare Imani again, even if she had a Skill. Erin stretched—
And saw a Worker with four daggers slowly lower them from his ambush-point where he’d been ready to leap on her. Erin stared wide-eyed at Silveran. The Worker sheathed the daggers.
“Oh. Right. The scream. Sorry, just me, Silveran.”
After Erin had retrieved her heart from her mouth, she waved at the Worker. He waved back. Erin edged away.
Definitely not the old days. You couldn’t attack someone in the inn these days without people coming to your rescue. In fact—Erin had to head off Palt as he nearly tripped down the stairs.
“Is it Imani? Another flashback? Oh, dead gods, I nearly broke my legs!”
“Sorry, just me, Palt!”
The Centaur slowed his mad clatter down the stairs. Erin saw him give her a reproachful look.
“Erin. Was that the garden-scare again? Last time Mrsha did it—”
“I’m sorry. I forgot!”
“You don’t just forget, Erin! Imani’s not…someone else! And popping out of the walls like you do would give even a Wistram [Mage] a fright! Dead gods, it’s like the ghosts the Academy used to have. Obnoxious Archmages watching everyone as they sleep and…”
“I’m sorry. Wait, ghosts? Wistram has ghosts?”
The Centaur rubbed at his face.
“Had. And good riddance to them, I say. Sorry, I just woke up.”
Palt liked to sleep in late; seeing him up this early was something. He flicked open his belt pouch, removed an edible and a little stamina pick-me-up and consumed both on the spot. Erin was so embarrassed at being rightly lectured she didn’t even bring it up. Anyways—it didn’t harm anyone and it helped Imani. That was how Erin had decided to feel about drugs.
“I’ll just head in there. What’s Imani cooking?”
“Something healthy and light.”
The [Innkeeper] muttered. Palt trotted into the kitchen. Erin saw Silveran, the Worker with the silver antennae on his carapace, return to sweeping up. She waved at him.
“How’re you doing, Silveran? I didn’t scare you, did I?”
No. I am good. Thank you.
