7.54
Page 6
“It’s like this, Erin. They’re…Wistram. You know, the Academy? Full of secrets? And they’re both [Mages]. Du Valeross is a royal title. I imagine they have tons of secrets and levers. I’m not saying Mage Montressa didn’t work hard! But she had advantages. And I had to earn my position and respect! But she could come to Reizmelt and put me out of work.”
“Oh. I get it.”
The Vampire gave her an embarrassed grin and then covered her mouth with a hand.
“Sorry, I just feel competitive.”
“Hey, I understand! They’re like—‘these bigwig information people, coming and throwing their weight around compared to us humble people who had to start from the bottom? Huck-phuh!’”
Erin pretended to spit. But then she actually did. Fierre and Erin stared at a bit of spit on the table. The [Innkeeper] turned bright red.
“I’m so sorry. Let me just clean that up—I didn’t mean to—”
Fierre started laughing so hard she nearly fell out of her chair. Erin, flustered, started giggling too. By the time Ryoka came downstairs, they were already more at ease with each other. Erin liked Fierre. She was fun.
 
—-
 
Mrsha the Slightly Filthy had been kicked out of Ryoka’s room. The Gnoll kicked Ryoka’s door and grumped off. Straight into Lyonette’s arms. The [Princess] scooped her up, having heard Ryoka exile Mrsha, and sniffed at her head.
“That’s it. Bath, young miss! You’re filthy!”
Mrsha the Eminently Clean wiggled in outrage! Not in the morning! What was the point of bathing yourself when you had an entire day ahead of you? But it was too late. The tyrant carried Mrsha towards the newly-instated bath rooms.
1st Floor, part of the new wing along with Octavia’s shop. Not open to the public as of yet. Erin and Lyonette had decided they didn’t need to compete with Liscor’s public baths anyways, but having a private hot tub appealed to Erin. And it certainly made it a shorter trip. Lyonette was already asking Silveran to draw water for the tub.
Inside of her room, Ryoka listened to Lyonette arguing with Mrsha the Escape Artist as she did something she hadn’t done in…years?
She made her bed. Ryoka adjusted sheets, flipped the blanket off the bed to shake it off, and put it back on. You tucked in the corners…put the pillows…Mrsha had lots of white fur. Better make sure none was on the pillow…
Ryoka stepped back to check her work and adjusted one crease. There. It looked reasonably well-made. No clothing lying about, no dirt…well, she’d been in the room all of two days. But you’d be amazed how much dirt Mrsha tracked in using her garden-gateway.
But how was the room? Ryoka had borrowed a broom and you probably didn’t want to eat your food off the floor, but it was at least decent to walk on. The City Runner checked her reflection in a personal mirror.
That was definitely Ryoka Griffin. Reasonably unsmelly…not noticeably worse-for-wear today. But did Ryoka like Ryoka? That was always the pertinent question.
Self-hatred aside…was there room for improvement? Ryoka felt there might be. She could…dye her hair? Octavia had some magical dyes and Ryoka—who had gone through a phase—was almost tempted to try it. Hair dyes on Earth took a long time, had all kinds of nasty chemicals and weren’t actually that vibrant unless you really worked at it—and even then, artificially.
Magical dyes were magic, looked amazing, and if there were bad chemicals, they were magic chemicals.
But that was definitely too much. Ryoka shook her head and headed downstairs. She opened her door—and a Lamia blinked as he coiled down the hallway.
“Oh, good morning.”
“Hello. Sorry—”
