7.54
Page 39
“I think you’ll want to take this one.”
She held out the vibrating, glowing phone to Elena. The young woman stared at it. She hit a button.
…Nothing happened. Taxiela peered at the fake smartphone.
“Is that supposed to make the thing work? Fascinating. Okay, here we go.”
She vanished. Perhaps she was still there or not listening; Elena operated as if every [Mage] in Wistram was breathing down her neck, as Cara had warned her.
Yet perhaps there was more secrecy here. Because the voice on the other end spoke.
“Is this…Elena? I hear you’re someone who knows the Singer of Terandria. And someone trustworthy, according to the Ullsinoi faction.”
“Hello? Who is this?”
Elena stared at the glowing phone—Taxiela didn’t know enough to make the illusion perfect so there was no caller-ID or anything else. A pause from the other end. And then the female voice replied.
“This is…batman. I don’t know if you know who that is—”
“You’re batman? I mean—oh my god. They’ll know where you are! Listen—Wistram knows where every device they call is!”
Elena grabbed at the phone. She raised it to her ear, looking around. ‘batman’ replied.
“This isn’t a call. It’s a spell. In theory—only Ullsinoi knows where I am. Well, some other [Mages] might. But I think I’m safe for now. Listen—pretend they’re all listening in.”
“Of course. I—I’m Elena. I don’t know how much you know, but I’m a friend of the Singer of Terandria. The [Popstar]’s. Cara. You know her? She wanted to talk to you, but didn’t know how. And Blackmage—Aaron—says you dropped out of contact. He’s here. Lots of us are. Hello?”
The young woman pulled herself together. There was so much she had to say.
After a pause, Ryoka spoke. Everyone was listening; Erin was biting her knuckles to refrain from saying anything. And they were all doing a Mrsha and writing things down. Joseph had volunteered to be Joseph and Kevin had volunteered to be Joseph and Rose had volunteered to be Rose—but Ryoka had insisted.
“I’m here. Listen, Elena. There’s a lot we need to say. First off—do you know if someone is taking Earthers?”
“Besides Wistram? We think there is. Wistram’s hunting the world for people, but some are gone before the teams get there. Everyone else comes here.”
“And can’t leave.”
“No. But listen. Cara’s safe. They haven’t gotten her and I don’t know if they can. She’s too big. She can protect you if you need it. She’s high-level and she has friends.”
Ryoka chuckled.
“So do I.”
Elena relaxed. She was trying to get her thoughts in order. And chief among them—if this was the Elusive Lot playing a joke, she’d borrow that airsoft gun and shoot all of them.
“That’s good. Listen—we’re stuck here. But we’re not exactly being held hostage at knife-point. We can help. Aaron’s been sending help to others he knows. If you need gold, artifacts—we can try getting stuff to you. But carefully. Each faction in Wistram wants Earthers—people from Earth.”
Joseph waved his hands excitedly. Ryoka glared at him.
“I see. We can talk about that, Elena. I want to go over locations—anything Wistram knows. Information, um, anything we can share. Messages if you can get them to the Singer. But first—”
“Yes? What can we do?”
Elena leaned forwards in the dark room. Ryoka paused a moment.
“…Well, Elena. I was more wondering what we could do for you. Or did you want to stay in Wistram forever? Let’s talk about that.”
The young woman’s breath caught. And she was sure if they were listening—the [Mages] were laughing. She began smiling herself.
 
 
 
 
