7.54
Page 29
“But it’s the Libertarians who’re backing Ailendamus. I’m just saying—”
“Not this again, Palt. We know there’s more continents than Terandria.”
“I’m just saying that Ailendamus’ conduct sets a bad example for when Wistram should intervene. And that’s with Baleros—”
“Hold up. Are we talking about Ailendamus? Because I have definite opinions on that. Who’s not rooting for the Dawn Concordat?”
“To listen to Palt—”
Montressa was complaining as the Centaur tried to hand out cigars. He was actually on the same page as the others—but there were roughly four factions represented, maybe five, among Salamani, Bezale, Montressa, Viceria, and Palt, and [Mages] loved to argue politics.
“I remember why I left the academy.”
The [Green Mage] murmured and Salamani rolled his eyes. Palt, Montressa, and Bezale looked hurt. Viceria gave them all a steady look.
“Oh, fine. I’m interested in that as well. Let’s talk about the odds of Pheislant or Noelictus entering the war. They attacked Pheislant ships with [Knights] on them, did you hear? And maybe after that one of you can tell me what all this fuss is back at the academy. Something secret going on? No one will talk to me…”
At the same time, Imani was standing with Erin. Since the other Earthers had yet to come through the door, she looked a bit lost. She had been hanging around Palt, but the political talk—and the smoke—had repulsed her.
“Aw, look. Ryoka’s being nice.”
The City Runner was chasing around Mrsha and Visma as the two giggled and fled. Numbtongue—Wailant had already given up to go smoke—was also ‘playing’. But as Mrsha had observed, the Hobgoblin didn’t do anything halfway. He sprinted at Visma, who instantly shrieked and covered her eyes.
Fierre was watching Garia talk about punching [Bandits] and the two were going to persuade Ryoka to show them how to do her jump-kicks. And it seemed like that was a group. Garia, Numbtongue, Fierre, and Ryoka.
Fals wandered over to Erin and Imani, looking a bit disconsolate.
“…can always ask Palt to ward your rooms. Or keep sleeping in the [Garden of Sanctuary] if the dreams won’t stop. Would that help?”
“I—I think I have to learn to deal with them, Erin. Thanks. It’s just…I want them to stop, but not because I’m drinking a tonic or getting a spell cast on me. But because I’m better, you know?”
“I get that. I…I don’t know if they do, Imani. Sometimes it just takes time. There’s no shame in—”
The two looked up as the City Runner stopped in his tracks. He jerked a thumb at the others.
“Sorry, I’m not interrupting, am I? I’m just not as good at fighting as that lot.”
He looked embarrassed to walk in on the conversation. Erin smiled and motioned him over.
“It’s okay. Imani was just talking about…bad dreams.”
She looked at Imani to silently ask if it was okay to share. The [Cook] nodded, a bit shyly. But not as afraid as she had been.
“Nightmares? I know a good [Alchemist] for that.”
“It’s…more than that.”
“Imani, um, survived a Creler attack. Not the one at the inn. A bad one. With some friends…”
Fals inhaled.
“Oh. I’m so sorry.”
“Thank you. I’m trying to—stop dreaming about it. I take potions, but I stop dreaming altogether.”
“You know, it’s weird that something called Dreamleaf doesn’t, y’know, give you dreams.”
Erin threw up her hands. Imani smiled slightly, but…Fals looked at her.
“I know some Runners who have the same problem. There’s [Healers] for it, you know.”
“Really?”
She looked interested. Fals scrubbed a hand through his hair.
