7.54
Page 34
“It—I know what it is. It shouldn’t—making it was—”
Ryoka Griffin struggled for words. Part of her was shrieking at her. Gears. The idea of bicycles! Their cover was beyond blown! What might Pallass do with this kind of technology? Even the bicycle chain—you could engineer anything off of this! And the potential of magic!
She saw Erin get into the padded seat.
“It’s so soft!”
She laughed. Then Erin caught sight of Ryoka. She put one foot on the ground, balancing on the bicycle.
“…Is it okay, Ryoka? I should have told you. I’m sorry. I just forgot.”
“You forgot?”
Ryoka’s voice cracked. She looked at Erin’s guilty face. Now everyone was watching her. Mrsha touched a paw to Ryoka’s leg, worriedly.
“Is this a problem, Miss Ryoka?”
Palt spoke up. Ryoka almost nodded. She restrained herself. Erin not seeing—you had to look ahead.
Not yet. But a bicycle would change everything. It was gears—it was what they represented. How would someone who wasn’t Pelt make this? Why, they’d have to figure out a way of making lots of gears in a row. Maybe develop a system. What else could you make with gears? Let’s think…
She was getting angrier. Angier about the carelessness. Angrier about what it revealed. About what it might do.
And still—part of Ryoka said something else:
Look at that. It’s a bike! You want to ride it! That’s so cool. I wish I had one. Aren’t you tired of being angry?
And she sort of…was. Ryoka Griffin looked at the bicycle. And some of her incandescent fury wasn’t there. It was a bicycle. Okay.
She’d seen the Singer of Terandria put on a music video. Kevin had a laptop with video games. Wistram had Earthers and apparently—they were making things.
It was a bicycle, not a gun. It was conceivable it might lead to the creation of something bad. But in this moment, right here, right now—
It was a bike. Ryoka walked over. Kevin tensed, as if he expected her to kick it over and start pulling it apart. Fat chance of that. Pelt would probably break Ryoka’s knees before he let his hard work go to waste.
“Huh.”
It was an amazingly comfy seat. Ryoka squatted to take a look at the chain and gears. Erin wiggled as she grinned at Ryoka.
“Think it’s okay if I take it for a spin, Ryoka? We can keep it secret, right?”
The City Runner looked up. She met Erin’s gaze and sighed. It was a long sigh. The kind that took an hour for Ryoka. A moment. A long moment where she and Erin’s eyes met. And they said a lot of silent things.
In that moment, Ryoka let go. When she rose, she raised her eyebrows at Erin.
“I don’t see why you want to make this a secret, Erin. I think this is going to be big. If you can patent it—I’d do it now. Or get on the ground floor of making this.”
Everyone looked at Ryoka. Erin’s jaw fell in amazement. Ryoka looked at the bike.
“Let’s talk about it later. I want to ride it too. Go for a spin—Kevin, does that have shocks? I don’t see anything, but if it’s got magic—?”
“Funny you should mention that…”
The [Innkeeper] gave Ryoka another look. But it wasn’t as long as…an [Immortal Moment]. Ryoka smiled and nodded.
“Go on. Everyone’s going to want a turn.”
Slowly, the [Innkeeper] pressed on the pedals. And she felt the entire bike begin to move. Everyone watched. Wailant’s eyes bugged out as he saw the intricate system begin to turn, each piece working upon the other.
“What’s…happening?”
