7.54
Page 2
However, Master Menob’s shop was locked and the man had refused to answer [Message] spells. Deilan waited as his bodyguards investigated the shop and found it empty.
“Where is Master Menob? Time is of the essence!”
They found Menob hiding in his laboratory. Four men had to drag the old man—in his late seventies, skin purpled around his hands from some failed experiment, but a genius at creating alchemical powders—out. He was shaking.
“Lord El!”
“Master Menob, what are you doing? I sent word two hours ago to begin investigating the antidote for—”
The man was shaking his head. So violently Deilan feared he’d injure himself in his old age. Menob’s eyes were wide with a mortal fear.
“Lord El—I cannot. Please—forgive me. I cannot do this.”
Deilan stared at him. And then he felt the first pinprick on the back of his neck. It did not take long for Menob’s terror to become apparent. You see—he was a grandfather. A great grandfather, actually. And the moment Tyrion had made his appeal to the other Five Families, some strangers had paid a visit to both children and grandchildren’s homes. Handed two of the children cards to give to their parents with a familiar mark.
Menob had heard about the other [Assassins]. He might not have feared for his life—but his family’s? Deilan El tried to assure them they would be safe.
“The House of El’s personal guard will watch over them day and night, Master Menob. Until the cure is done.”
“Can they watch over them for the rest of their lives? Every second, Lord El? My relatives? My friends?”
Deilan couldn’t answer that. Not right away. He had to retire and pour himself a drink. Madness. And yet—and yet—
Lord Tyrion began to receive regrets from the other Five Families.
 
—-
 
It was madness. The Circle of Thorns could not threaten the Five Families, even their servants. They might be made up of powerful…nobles…although that was unsubstantiated, but almost certainly true. Even members of the Five Families themselves, perhaps?
But even if they were—this was like an idiot with a crossbow holding up a room full of [Knights] in armor. He might do damage, but if it came to blows, the Circle of Thorns could not stand against the wrath of Izril’s greatest houses.
Yet—Magnolia Reinhart was familiar with the tactic. She was thoroughly sick of salt and seawater, but look where she was? On the Reinhart’s flag ship, the Velistrane, surrounded by her servants rather than on land. She had been chased from her home. And, suddenly, people weren’t taking the Circle of Thorns as lightly as before.
The Courier incident had put them on the map. Made people aware that the Assassin’s Guild wasn’t Magnolia’s anymore. But it hadn’t worried them. Today?
The Circle had come within a heart’s breath of killing Magnolia Reinhart. By treachery, in a surprise attack and ultimately failing—yes. It had taken Tyrion Veltras himself interceding to stop them. And now look at Tyrion. He’d put the target on his back. The question now was: who would be next?
And if they dared to poison his sons, what would they do to someone who wasn’t so crucial? Ask yourself that.
“It’s like an idiot with a crossbow standing in a room full of…[Knights]. Or nobles, I suppose. If he makes them all his enemies, he dies. But the first person to jump up gets a crossbow bolt in the chest, Ressa. Is that a suitably…[Warrior]-like explanation?”
“It certainly seems distilled. What will you do?”
Magnolia pursed her lips.
“What can we do, Ressa? We’re under siege.”
