7.54
Page 13
It was a steep, steep thing to give him, but you had to tip a Courier especially since Ieka was certain he’d done a lot of the work. How had Ryoka Griffin got past Valeterisa’s defenses? Ieka had tried—once, right in the third year of Valeterisa’s absence.
She’d known about the fake mansion, but she’d barely gotten past the room of mirrors with her life. Ieka had promptly fled. She’d lost three people and half had been wounded and that was the first room.
Miraculous. Ieka was genuinely curious and she pressed the two, but Ryoka Griffin was surprisingly evasive.
“Magical secrets, Lady Imarris. I was able to break out of the cells in a way Archmage Valeterisa didn’t expect.”
“And you can’t tell me? Ah—Runner’s secrets, I suppose?”
“It’s…I’m very sorry, Lady Imarris. But it is one of the secrets that keeps me alive.”
A very fitting answer which Ieka could understand. But she had to wonder. How in the name of Rhir’s hells did you break out of a prison made by an Archmage? Even if Valeterisa claimed she wasn’t even a tenth of the [Archmages] of old?
She was growing more and more interested in Ryoka, and not just because of the Runner’s looks! But there was only too long she could drag out the conversation. Ryoka Griffin was clearly nervous as Ieka presented her with her reward. And as it turned out—the second newly-rich person in distress was Ryoka Griffin herself.
“This is for me? But the delivery wasn’t nearly—”
The young woman choked on her words as the pile of gold pieces threatened to cave in the ornamental table. Ieka was quite pleased by the reaction. Even Salamani looked impressed.
Ieka was hardly poor, but it was a large sum even for her. She fanned herself idly as she watched Ryoka recover.
“This is only for the look of it, you understand. I could hardly present all the coins at once—far too much for any bag of holding. The Merchant’s Guild will present you with the full sum.”
“But Lady Imarris—we didn’t agree on this amount! I had another request for waking the Archmage—”
What was with this young woman? She was astonishingly modest in the face of a personal fortune! Ieka snapped her fan closed briskly.
“And you shall have it! However, Miss Griffin, did you really think I was the only person interested in waking the Archmage of Izril? This is a collective bounty, shall we say. And I will ensure the Runner’s Guild accepts your candidacy for Courier!”
She expected Ryoka Griffin to leap for joy at that. Or at least be impressed. But—it was perhaps well that Salamani were here because Ieka’s expectations had been lowered. Ryoka bit her lip.
“I ah, believe I’ve already been tested, Lady Imarris. And failed.”
“Failed?”
The [Lady] snapped. By which idiot? Then Salamani coughed into his fist.
“Mihaela Godfrey herself met with Miss Griffin, Lady Imarris.”
The Guildmistress of First Landing? Ieka hesitated and sat back. Er—there wasn’t much even she could do about that. Damn that old monster. Obstinate as a mountain and she ran the Guild in First Landing with an iron…foot. Which Ieka approved of except when it got in her way.
“Miss Ryoka—may I call you Ryoka? It’s far easier.”
Ieka paused for Ryoka’s nod and went on.
“Ryoka, I have every intention of acceding to your other request. If you wish me to take part in a…party, I shall! At your time and place of choosing. And I shall prevail on the Five Families to join me, of course.”
