7.54
Page 25
“It’s great, Ryoka. Having a second class? I keep telling Fals he should take a complimentary class like [Martial Artist]. Of course, you wouldn’t know.”
“Guilty. But how often did you say you practiced punches?”
“Every day. You told me to!”
“Yes, but….”
Ryoka ran a hand through her hair. The things that happened when she said things and people listened. She turned somewhat awkwardly to the Hobgoblin munching on a fritter.
“And you know Numbtongue?”
“Mhm. Naked [Farmers]—”
Everyone waited for Numbtongue to finish his sentence. Garia burst in.
“He’s talking about my parents. He met them in Celum—”
“Naked?”
Ryoka had met Wailant and Viceria, but she clearly had not gotten the same impression as Numbtongue. Garia tried to explain.
“…And Numbtongue’s an amazing fighter. He helped spar with me a few times and he comes over to drink sometimes.”
“Redfang training.”
The Hobgoblin [Bard] offered when Ryoka looked at him. He was studying Ryoka with interest. Especially when Garia looked between the two.
“I wonder who knows more about fist fighting? Ryoka taught me all those punches, Numbtongue. She practices…what was it called?”
“Just as a hobby.”
Ryoka instantly demurred as Fierre narrowed her eyes. So did Numbtongue.
“You know one of those fighting styles from Chandrar, Ryoka?”
The Vampire girl leaned over. Ryoka tried to lean out of the conversation.
“I used to do it back home…it’s nothing like being a [Warrior] or even as good as Garia, I’ll bet. You saw me sparring with Alber, Fierre? It’s like that. He could light me up even if I wasn’t boxing.”
The Vampire girl nodded. Garia and Numbtongue just looked more interested.
“Who’s Alber?”
“A friend from Reizmelt. He’s a [Fistfighter]. Look—I’m happy to show you more, Garia, but I’m terrible at actually fighting.”
“Come on, not even sparring? I’ve been wanting to since the last time you arrived.”
The City Runner pointed accusingly at Garia.
“Garia, before you even became a [Martial Artist], I saw you lay out a Bronze-rank adventurer with a single punch. You have [Enhanced Strength]. Even Salamani would probably stay out of a fistfight with you.”
“I heard that! And yes I would!”
The Courier looked up from chatting with Palt. The table laughed. Fierre sipped from her drink, her eyes cool.
“I’d try it. If I wasn’t worried about people getting hurt.”
Numbtongue and Garia looked at Fierre, who looked innocent as Ryoka nudged her hard. Vampires. Arrogant as…half the other species in the world. Although Ryoka was curious. Fierre had super-strength, speed, regeneration…and Garia had her Skills. Who’d win…?
It was a bad train of thought to go down. Especially because Numbtongue looked at Fierre and instantly raised one eyebrow.
“Are you good at fighting? Could spar in the Garden. Or outside.”
Redfangs. They didn’t wait around. Fierre hesitated.
“I have some levels, yeah…”
“Really? What class? Or is it secret?”
“Fierre. I don’t think that’s a good idea. We’re all just having a good time. We just met—”
“Good time to punch each other.”
The Hobgoblin opined. Ryoka was trying to get Fierre from bragging again and it was hard. Fierre wanted to prove she was stronger than a Gold-rank adventurer—or Garia and Numbtongue. Worse—Ryoka was afraid she might actually win. She’d punched Golems to pieces when Ryoka had passed out.
“Hey! No fighting in the [Garden of Sanctuary]!”
The voice of reason turned out not to be Ryoka. Erin Solstice walked over as Mrsha practiced a few punches just to show everyone she was cool too. Erin smiled, turned to Garia, and instantly invalidated her ‘voice of reason’ credentials.
