7.54
Page 4
Ressa grimaced. And Regis Reinhart would rather let children die than aid his enemies for no gain. Well, that was harsh. He’d rather dance on their graves than help.
“Frankly, Ressa. It’s easier to break a magical contract then get a cure to Tyrion now. I haven’t even the faintest clue what it is. And you…? Theofore…?”
The [Head Maid] shook her head silently. The one last [Assassin] in Magnolia’s direct employ was also clueless.
“We’re experts at using poison, Magnolia. It could be any number of poisons or some mixed dosage based on the symptoms. You need a master [Healer] or [Alchemist] who knows poisons.”
The [Lady] nodded gravely.
“…Then I think Tyrion Veltras will sign the contract. We’ll have to break the enchantment, Ressa. Either by Regis or Teriarch or one of our [Mage] allies. Either way—we simply can’t fight on Izril, not with every servant available preparing southern Izril.”
Not against the kind of [Assassins] who’d ambushed her. They were of a level beyond that of most of Reinhart’s servants. Ressa bowed slightly.
“Yes, milady.”
Magnolia Reinhart closed her eyes. If it were a war—she felt for Tyrion. If he had a heart, it was in his family. And this was no war, no enemy he could face with lance and shield.
“Give in, Tyrion. Don’t let pride break you.”
She murmured once. He surely would. She just hoped he could survive whatever the Circle demanded of him. How had she not noticed them growing amid the weeds?
That was Izril for you. Gnolls and Drakes and Humans, all of whom could kill each other so efficiently they barely had time enough for one another.
It made her miss the Antinium Wars, even Velan the Kind, it really did. Peace was harder than war with all the idiots clawing at each other for power. Magnolia Reinhart sipped at her tea to wash the disgust off her tongue.
 
—-
 
There was a Vampire in her inn. Erin Solstice kept peering at her from the doorway that morning. Fierre seemed normal. Sitting in a hoodie-type thing, baggy clothing, sipping at some tea.
Not biting everyone in sight. Not sparkling either or speaking with a heavy accent. Red eyes, though, pointy canines if you watched her mouth. Oh, and she’d ordered an extra-rare hamburger last night.
All of that could be a normal person. Erin narrowed her eyes. Except she knew. Not that she’d made…preparations.
Like a garlic bomb, or—or a jar of acidfly juice infused with garlic. Wait—did you even need the garlic? Really…Erin felt like Vampires in this world had it rough. All she had to do was remove the pointy steel tips of her crossbow bolts to create…a more Vampire-killy weapon?
Was her acid not good enough? Her ability to call fire? …Wands loaded with deadly spells? Now, when you got down to it, how much more dangerous was Fierre than, say, your average angry-Klbkch? You couldn’t scare Klbkch off with spare change, could you?
Erin decided to throw caution to the wind. She walked over.
“Hey Fierre—good morning! How’s it going?”
The Vampire girl looked up. She smiled without showing her teeth.
“Oh—um, hello Miss Erin.”
“It’s just Erin. How’d you sleep?”
“Good. I mean…really well. You have a Skill, right?”
“[Twofold Rest]. Yup! More sleep, less time! Although I just wake up and snuggle in my blankets for like—an hour.”
Erin hesitated and coughed. This might have been too personal. But Fierre laughed.
“I do that too! There’s nothing better, right?”
“Really? Er—well, obviously. You know, we have one of the Antinium—Bird—”
“Bird the Hunter?”
The [Innkeeper] grinned.
