7.54
Page 38
“Yeah. I think it’s okay, Palt. But…maybe it’s time to have another chat. Erin—there’s something else. And you too, Rose, Joseph, Kevin, Imani. Not Leon or Troy. Galina?”
She shrugged. The others looked at her. Palt’s eyes focused suspiciously on Ryoka. But it was the Vampire, Salamani, and a few others who watched as the group moved into the inn for a moment.
“Why does she know them so well? What is this?”
Fierre muttered to herself. She was hurt that Ryoka hadn’t included her. But then—Garia patted the Vampire on the shoulder.
“I don’t think it’s personal, Fierre. I think it’s the kind of secret…you have to wait to know.”
The [Martial Artist] looked towards the door. Fierre opened her mouth. But her job was finding things out. She closed it after a moment. That was probably the difference between being an information broker and a friend. Ryoka would tell her someday, Fierre hoped. She turned away, as Salamani tapped Hedault respectfully on the shoulder.
“Master Enchanter, I hate to bother you. But since we have you here…”
 
—-
 
Of the two, it was Taxiela, the Lizardgirl, who answered Palt’s spell. She listened for a while, then laughed in delight.
“Palt, you beautiful apprentice! A what? And it does…yes, yes…if it outran you, that tells me nothing. Don’t pout. Of course I’ll help!”
She was delighted. If it was she or…Galei and Taxiela, presumably the same being, and presumably, Palt’s master and member of the Elusive Lot, swished her tail back and forth.
“You’re in my good books, Palt. The best of books! Not only do we have…how many Earthers? You got something like that? I’ve actually heard of them, but all the other attempts have failed. So you have an expert, hmm? This calls for a reward. I’ll see about getting you a tome and forwarding your lessons!”
Ullsinoi, like every other faction, rewarded the [Mages] who contributed the most. At the root of each faction, the reason they had begun was for groups to become better [Mages]. All the rest was pageantry.
And Wistram Academy was changing greatly. Taxiela had a thought and spoke quickly over Palt.
“Wait a moment, Palt! Since you’ve been so helpful, I think Liscor—or Invrisil or Pallass or all three—deserves to be one of the first cities to experience our simulations. It’s this magic illusion-creation…think like a contained dimension, but far less expensive to create! You see, the idea is you get to fight monsters without the danger…”
She explained in brief the collaboration she was working on with Aaron. Palt was dutifully impressed and Taxiela could have left it all at that and had the best day in a long time.
But like any good [Illusionist], or trickster, or magician…Palt had saved the most impressive bit for last. Taxiela’s eyes widened as he laid out a request for her.
“I…can do that. It might take a bit of doing. Give me an hour or two…just stay ready. You’ll get a small window or a large one depending on how it goes. Okay?”
Taxiela dropped the spell and hurried off.
 
—-
 
She was walking by herself when they grabbed her. She tried to scream—but it was too late. She was whisked away and standing in a dark world with no light and nothing in it except for one person besides herself.
“What are you doing?”
Elena demanded. The figure in front of her materialized into a [Mage] she vaguely recognized.
Taxiela of the Elusive Lot. The [Mage] Aaron had gotten in contact with and…
The young woman blinked. She saw Taxiela was holding something. It couldn’t be; even the Elusive Lot didn’t have one. But it was a very good illusion.
The Lizardgirl was smiling. She winked at Elena.
