7.54
Page 28
Viceria looked amused as Ryoka tried to capitalize on the surprise kick. Numbtongue had surely seen a lot of kicks in his time—but one of Earth’s techniques was still surprising to a Hobgoblin who hadn’t studied from the same school that had tried to refine a move out of all the possible variations.
Ryoka tried to jab and the Hobgoblin threw a huge haymaker of a punch. She jumped back and he reset his posture.
Oh shit. He’d freaked her out and instead of coming in, Ryoka was back to square one and he’d seen her kick. The Hobgoblin shook out his arm. He grinned at Ryoka with all his teeth and that wasn’t intimidating at all.
“Nice kick.”
Then he tried it on her. Ryoka stepped back. And she found she was grinning.
Right. That was how you were supposed to do it. Numbtongue’s kick was fast, painful if it landed, but he wasn’t trying to break her bones. He was—having fun.
When she’d gone at Calruz and Yvlon, it was with the express intention of beating them. But you could be a decent Human being—or Goblin—and not do that. Ryoka relaxed. She saw Numbtongue try another kick and knew it was bait. So she stepped in and when he lashed out with a fist, she countered.
“Hah! Got him! Kick the shit out of him, Ryoka!”
That was Wailant. Erin sighed; she didn’t see the appeal of punching each other, but at least Ryoka was having fun. Numbtongue too.
He beat Ryoka, mainly by letting her punch him and charging into her. Ryoka knew how to grapple, but the Hobgoblin was faster. She also might have been outweighed by a number of weight classes. But who said Goblins fought fair?
“My turn. I want to try.”
“Don’t kill anyone.”
Ryoka rubbed at her back as Numbtongue patted dust and hay off her shoulders and demanded to know how she’d kicked like that. So did Garia, who Fierre wanted to fight. Garia called out.
“It’ll be fine, Ryoka!”
The City Runner gave the Vampire a warning look and Fierre grinned innocently. Numbtongue gave Fierre a suspicious look; Pyrite was telling him that the Vampire had the same look on her face as someone with a secret weapon. No other input—just ‘don’t trust that smile’.
It looked ridiculous to see Fierre squaring off against Garia, who, despite having lost weight, was both a [Farmer] and [Martial Artist] and outweighed Fierre. Ryoka watched nervously as Garia showed Fierre a punch.
The Vampire played along, right up until she swung into Garia’s arms. The [Martial Artist]’s eyes went wide and Ryoka heard the thump of an impact.
The Wind Runner closed her eyes. But Garia just shook out her hands and laughed. She stopped taking it easy. Fierre gave Ryoka a triumphant look. She was taking it easy, good, good.
“Little Lischelle-kid’s stronger than she looks. After them, it’s my turn. What do you say, Ryoka, Numbtongue? Let’s make it a proper brawl, with a wager!”
Wailant grinned. The [Pirate]’s scarred arms raised and Ryoka instantly refused. So did Numbtongue. He nudged Ryoka.
“He fights dirty. Also, loses his temper.”
“You don’t say?”
Wailant looked hurt. He appealed to Salamani, who raised his eyebrows.
“Only if I get to cast [Haste] and other enchantments on myself.”
“You’re all cowards.”
The [Pirate] folded his arms grumpily. Someone kicked him in the leg and gave him the old one-two. Wailant looked down as Mrsha danced around, paws raised. Visma attacked Wailant’s other leg.
“Little monsters! You want to fight, eh?”
The two ran off in terror and Wailant chased after them, laughing. He was a good dad-type, despite everything. Ryoka saw that the Wistram [Mages] were all engaged in some kind of debate.
