7.54
Page 12
“…asked to meet Magnolia Reinhart by name. And she has just sent a [Message] via the Mage’s Guild.”
“The contents of which are…?”
The man hesitated. He probably wasn’t even one of the [Assassins] who was watching the mansion.
“Her message referred to a ‘meeting’ and ‘promises made to old friends’, but it was clearly coded.”
“Ah. So you have no idea why Miss Griffin visited the mansion, and you just came here to complain that I had hired the same Runner without proof she was conspiring in some way against me, or had any idea of my allegiance?”
The agent flushed as Ieka laid in as much sarcasm as possible into her voice. It honestly should have been a Skill.
“She has an established connection with Lady Reinhart, who has interest in this City Runner—”
“As do we all. Any competent Runner is worth cultivating and Miss Griffin woke the Archmage of Izril. If you have anything substantial, I will of course entertain it. You may go. I have to meet with Miss Griffin now, anyways, and it would not do for you to be here, hm?”
Faced with that overt dismissal, there was nothing for the jumped-up toady to do but bow and leave, flashing disrespect all the while. Ieka scowled at his back. She had been tempted the entire time to blast him with [Acid Spray].
But then—one of her [Maids] announced that Ryoka Griffin was here. Lady Ieka smiled. She adjusted the bag of holding which was prepared to spill out a very handsome fee, went over a few casual phrases, adjusted her poise—and called for Ryoka to be sent in.
“Ah, Miss Griffin. I owe you a great debt. Come in and—”
Ryoka Griffin and Salamani entered Ieka’s room, both bowing. The [Lady]’s face went slack. Then she suppressed the largest scowl she’d had since finding out what the Circle was planning to do to Tyrion Veltras’ children.
“—and Courier Salamani. Welcome.”
“Lady Imarris.”
The Mage Runner gave her a polite bow and his own neutral smile. Ieka was suddenly reminded that she had sent him to wake the Archmage of Izril and that he had apparently nearly been slaughtered by the same defenses Ryoka Griffin had somehow managed to overcome.
It didn’t do to be rude to Couriers, though, so Ieka put her best face on it.
“Miss Griffin, I, no, Izril, is in your debt. I must confess—although I hired you to do just what you have done, I hoped only that you would survive or bring news that Archmage Valeterisa was alive. That you have woken her is deserving of the largest of rewards.”
She still went off her pre-written notes, though. Ryoka Griffin looked incredibly awkward as she bowed—she was barefoot! Imagine running on rocks!
“I’m exceptionally grateful for your praise, Lady Imarris. It was luck—and I didn’t do it alone.”
To be precise, you did it with some strange girl from Reizmelt, and a significant amount of wind magic despite not being a [Mage]. And my aunt mentioned that and barely even mentioned meeting Salamani.
Ieka kept that on the inside. She nodded graciously and laughed behind her fan.
“So humble! I am indebted to you—and to you, Courier Salamani, for assisting with the delivery.”
“As I said, Lady Imarris, I cede all credit to Miss Griffin.”
The Courier was being very polite. And giving Ryoka all the credit? If he weren’t in the way, Ieka would have applauded him. Since he was—she made a gesture and cast [Faraway Voice].
“Have a sum of three hundred gold coins brought out for Courier Salamani.”
