7.54
Page 23
Erin saw Lyonette smile at that. So did Ryoka. The beach! It was one of those classic ideas. Relaxing, fun…were there beach monsters? Erin looked for Mrsha’s excited reaction.
The Gnoll gave her a dour look and signed back emphatically.
Sand is stupid.
Erin’s face fell. She’d even been thinking of adding a beach to the [Garden of Sanctuary] in the arid biome! It was possible, but it would have been for little Gnolls as well as Erin. And Mrsha looked about as enthused as…
…As someone with fur would be about getting sand all over you. A number of Drakes could see it from the Human perspective—although few Liscorians were familiar with beaches or the idea of surf and sea. But not the Gnolls. As it turned out, Gnolls were not naturally fond of sand.
Neither was Fierre. Erin sighed. You couldn’t please everyone. And it was a moot point, anyways. There was no Pallass Hunting to go to—and she’d have had to set up an appointment. Even if you could bully them into giving you an instant vacation, it was still days of camping to do it properly.
“Maybe we could fish in the pond and like…sit in the sun and throw sand on Mrsha.”
That was as close as it got. Erin sighed and decided perhaps it was time to use that favor Wesle had been bugging her to make good on. And then, as it often happened—something happened.
The door exploded inwards. The City Runner saw something charge at her.
“Ryoka Griffin! You didn’t say you came back!”
Garia Strongheart swept her friend into a hug. Ryoka struggled at first—and then struggled more because Garia was actually lifting her off the floor in a hug.
“Garia? Let go of me! I can’t breathe—”
The other City Runner was laughing as Erin turned and saw a second figure jog into the inn.
“Fals?”
“Aha! We caught her, Garia!”
The second City Runner ran into the inn. They had both just arrived from Celum and a long run. Fierre blinked. Ryoka’s friends?
 
—-
 
Ryoka’s friends. The young woman was ashamed to realize that she hadn’t even thought of contacting Garia what with everything else that had happened. She really had…forgotten about her old friends.
She was glad to see them now. Despite how much one of them had changed.
Fals was the same. At least—if he had changed, it wasn’t as noticeably as Garia. Ryoka had seen it before, but Garia was a completely different person. Her [Martial Artist] class had given her the ability to control her weight and so she had gone through the most dramatic change Ryoka had seen in anyone.
She had Numbtongue-abs. And she looked fit. Not that she hadn’t been already…Ryoka remembered that Garia had been hauling huge packs of weight around even before her new class. It was just how she looked.
But what a difference it made in Garia’s confidence. She laughed as she punched Ryoka’s shoulder and looked around the inn.
“I’m glad I found you! You ran off last time and we barely got to exchange two words!”
“I’m sorry, Garia—”
Ryoka saw Fals grinning and stuck out a hand.
“Fals! How are you?”
“Good well! Nothing special—not like the Wind Runner of Reizmelt! We’ve been keeping up on your exploits! Well, Garia and I are doing well. Garia better than me these days!”
He looked a bit embarrassed. Garia turned red herself as Ryoka stared at her.
“Really? Well, I can see…are you getting more jobs, Garia?”
“Not just jobs. She’s got a nickname. Celum’s [Martial Artist].”
“Only because I’m the only one. I’m not even Level 20 yet.”
