7.54
Page 9
Crepes were crepes, and Erin could only hype them up so much. Honestly, Ryoka enjoyed them. Fierre enjoyed them more, having probably not had them before—and Mrsha was a kid, so she enjoyed them most. But was Ryoka supposed to do a dance every time she ate a crepe?
Well, it was entertaining to watch Mrsha do one. And this time—there were two other little dancing kids who joined her. Ryoka had to rub her eyes and wonder if Mrsha’d multiplied.
She had never met Ekirra and Visma before. And the little Gnoll and Drake had come for breakfast.
“Crepes, crepes!”
Erin joined them for a little bit. She’d invited Ekirra’s older sister and Visma’s older brother, who had to bring them, to have food. Ryoka saw Ekirra put a crepe on his head and Mrsha nearly fell over laughing.
They were such…kids. And Erin was the worst one. Ekirra and Visma stared at Ryoka as they took a seat at the table where the breakfast was happening.
“And these are your friends? Hi. I’m Ryoka.”
The two children stared as Mrsha said something complicated in sign language. She’d been teaching Ryoka, but whatever it was made them nod. Ekirra began licking at his plate until his sister made him use utensils.
“Are you Mrsha’s…mom? I thought that was Miss Lyonette.”
Visma saw Ryoka cough on a bite. Lyonette shook her head.
“Ryoka is Mrsha’s…she’s Mrsha’s…”
“Aunt.”
Erin brightly replied. Visma went ‘oh’, ignorant of the consternation she’d put among the adults. Ekirra licked syrup off his arm fur and stared at Ryoka as she ate.
“Why are you missing two fingers?”
“Ekirra!”
His sister smacked him on the head. Hard. Ekirra howled and started sniveling, which made his sister, in her very early teens, flustered and embarrassed and tried to shut him up—until Erin gave him a cup of blue fruit juice.
“Well, it’s very nice to meet you two. Er…Visma, is it? I think that’s my fork—”
“My fork.”
The Drake hissed at Ryoka. She’d purloined the fork when Ryoka wasn’t looking. Her brother growled.
“Visma!”
They began wrestling for the fork and Visma held onto it with the force of kleptomania. Ryoka ended up getting another fork from the kitchen.
Kids. She was reminded why she used to dislike them. Visma and Ekirra were more…childish than Mrsha. Although Mrsha could be just as silly.
Their presence was a good thing, though. It meant their families felt the inn was safe enough to send them. And they were clearly good for Mrsha. She hung out with them, giggling at inane things, running into the garden straight after to play with her enchanted ball…
Her enchanted ball? Ryoka stared. And she realized—she’d missed Mrsha’s birthday.
 
—-
 
Numbtongue was highly interested in the guests this time around. He knew Ryoka Griffin of course. She wasn’t his favorite Human—but she seemed decent and at least in better shape than Erin, who couldn’t run for a mile without asking to stop.
…Although she certainly seemed to always be in some kind of emotional distress. Erin was reassuring her as she clutched at her head.
“We had a great birth—we had a fun birthday! With only a few hiccups, Ryoka! Don’t worry! Mrsha got enough presents already! Like—way too many. Selys, all the adventurers…it’s sort of good you didn’t give her one. Look, we can make her something special and call it a late-birthday, howsabout that?”
“What day is it? How long did I miss it by? How old is she, Erin?”
“These are all good questions, Ryoka. With good answers. We think it’s—”
The Hobgoblin watched Ryoka idly. He wondered where the Courier had gone. Couriers—tough. Redfangs knew of them since they had clashed with Humans.
