7.54
Page 5
“Nah, just Bird. The rest’s an exaggeration. Although that is his class. Anyways, he has this ‘Fortress of Fluff’ which is like—a mountain of blankets and pillows. Since the Antinium can’t really lie on their backs with the shell.”
“Is that so? That’s—hold on. You don’t mind if I make a note of that, would you? [Twofold Rest] as well…I’ve got notes on the Skill. Is there anything special about it?”
“Um…what are you doing?”
Erin saw the Vampire produce a small journal with neatly-written pages and an enchanted quill. She began scribbling industriously.
“Just taking some notes. It could be worth something—well, the information about Bird the Hunter definitely is. Sorry—you don’t mind, do you? Tell me if it’s confidential. You’re Ryoka’s friend, but you know my job is an Opener and broker, right?”
Erin had heard that, but she’d forgotten what it meant. She began to panic.
“Whoa, hold on! You can’t write down what I say!”
“Why not? Is it dangerous?”
The Vampire paused, looking worried. Erin waved her hands.
“That’s not it! I say all kinds of stupid stuff! Don’t write down…well, okay, Bird not being super dangerous—that’s sort of fine?”
“Is that so? I saw him shooting Wyverns through the eye at range.”
Fierre raised an eyebrow. Erin brushed that away.
“He’s just super-talented at shooting birds. Which he thinks Wyverns are. He’s nice! I’ll introduce you! He’s a [Singer]—hey, are you writing that down?”
“Only in case anyone’s interested. Information is money.”
Fierre tried to look innocent. Erin wasn’t sure if she could scowl at Fierre or not. If the Vampire had been a certain [Necromancer], Erin would already be bopping Fierre on the head.
“You sound like Montressa and Bezale.”
Erin looked for them, but they weren’t up yet. They were always running about—apparently setting up deals between cities. They were sort of steamed since Pallass was blocked from entering The Wandering Inn for six more days. Mind you—the door was still active and it got checked. But Erin had deployed her aura and only Saliss, Rufelt, Lasica, and Chaldion could walk through without trouble.
“Those two?”
The pale-skinned girl grimaced. She was apparently older than both Erin and Ryoka, but she looked sixteen or something. Erin really wanted to know if Fierre could turn into a bat. Ryoka didn’t think so, but she hadn’t asked, had she? But Erin was going to keep the secret. Definitely. She just wished Ryoka would convince Fierre to tell Erin. Because Erin could keep the secret! Absolutely.
…What did blood taste like? Blood? Or something better?
“Something wrong with Montressa and Beza? Have you met them before or something?”
Erin asked cautiously. She was still sort of awkward around Fierre. And not just because of the secret. But the Vampire girl seemed friendly, if shy! Fierre hesitated. She looked around and grimaced before lowering her voice.
“It’s not that. It’s just—I know they’re in my line of work.”
“…Sending [Messages] and opening letters? Oh, you mean secrets. Ceria said that was Montressa’s job. How do you know? Is it like—a sixth sense or something?”
Erin nearly said ‘a Skill’, but Fierre didn’t get those. Wait—should she have asked? This was too hard!
“Er—no. I asked. Their names popped up—you tend to know other people in your line of work.”
“Oh. So they’re rivals? Is that it?”
Fierre seemed a bit peeved at them for some reason, despite them never having met. She sighed.
