7.54
Page 15
Raising funds for a city devastated by the Bloodfeast Raiders. But she’d said it on Wistram’s television network. And so something spontaneous—something people from Earth might have recognized for how naturally it came to be—a miracle occurred.
Money began pouring into Celum’s coffers. At first, Cetris hadn’t even noticed. Then—the Merchant’s Guild had asked if this was real. He’d investigated and gold had appeared like—like magic.
Not credit. Not a loan. Gold, sent by other nations. So much of it that it didn’t seem real. It was just a number on paper! That was what Cetris believed. He was having a dream and when he asked for the gold, it would vanish.
…Yet the Guildmaster of the Merchant’s Guild had told him that if he wanted a pile of gold, they could do a pile of gold but they’d have to send for other cities to even have it delivered and wasn’t that dangerous with [Thieves] and desperate folk?
It was real. Cetris’ new fear, the one on his thoughts as he paced back and forth in front of the magic door was—
Was anyone going to ask for it back? Did he owe someone something? Because Cetris intended to spend the gold.
“Is—does it usually take so long to open to, er, the inn?”
He inquired of the [Guards] standing to attention. They looked at each other.
“It’s usually checked every ten minutes, [Mayor]. It’s only been two minutes since the last opening.”
“Ah, of course, of course. Felt like an hour, there.”
“Is everything…alright, Mayor?”
The [Guardsman] eyed the [Mayor] with some concern. On the outside, it looked as if Cetris was badly ill. Sweating but pale-faced, pacing back and forth…the others were keeping their distance in case he was sick.
“Everything’s fine! Grand, really. Just grand. I ah…”
The [Guards] waited, but Cetris just trailed off. So much gold. He’d asked for a list of people who’d sent it in—sometimes you couldn’t get that information, but they’d wanted it known. Wanted other people to know, in fact.
Countless nations. Even ones he hadn’t heard of! Some he had. Ailendamus, Nerrhavia’s Fallen, the Forgotten Wing Company—
Individuals from the north too! Magnolia Reinhart had sent relief already, but other nobles had contributed to the cause. Cetris was beside himself. This—this could save Celum! He just needed [Builders], material!
And an assurance no one was going to demand the gold. Much had been said of Cetris Duiland. Lots of unkind words—some by the very [Innkeeper] he was hoping to meet, as well as the Players. But there was something to speak of Cetris’ good character too. And it was this:
When the door opened to Liscor and the [Mayor] rushed in and found Erin Solstice consulting with Imani about not adding garlic to any meals in the foreseeable future, don’t ask why, he shook her hand and thanked her profusely before she had any idea what was going on.
“Donations? What? Whaaaat? Jasi did that? I don’t r—oh, right! People were donating?”
“It’s a miracle, Miss Solstice! A miracle! Celum is saved! Only—they are donations, correct? The Players and the inn don’t want a…an amount?”
Erin shook her head, mystified. She looked around.
“Oi, Temile! Did the Players want money from Celum? No, right?”
“Money from Celum?”
Temile looked around. He was relaxing since talks with Pallass were stalled. It was a bit of a relief, really. He came over and promptly lost his jaw to the floor.
“People gave money? How much?”
Cetris was afraid to even say it. He was shaking.
“So they are—just giving money to rebuild Celum? For nothing?”
