7.54
Page 10
You didn’t fight Couriers. Let them run off. They were trickier than adventurers because their entire thing was to get away from monsters. Not that Numbtongue was going to ambush Salamani. It was just a thought.
No, if there was someone he was really interested in—the Hobgoblin snuck another glance at her.
Fierre was staring nervously at Mrsha and her friends, who were throwing around the silver ball Numbtongue had gifted Mrsha. He had no idea why. Nor why Fierre was so…
Appealing? Well, attractive was the right word. Not that Numbtongue was necessarily attracted to her! It was just—he’d never met anyone with such fine Goblin features.
Red eyes, pointed teeth—Numbtongue was fascinated. Had he just never met Humans who looked like that?
He was fascinated. But—the Hobgoblin was also aware he was a Goblin so he didn’t want to alarm Fierre. He watched as she ate more strawberry jam. Numbtongue…
…Was sort of bored today.
 
—-
 
Three newly-rich people had crises that day. And they were all somewhat related to each other in the grand scheme of things. For instance, Ryoka actually did return to the Earth-rooms with Erin where she’d dealt with a discipline issue with Troy and Leon—they weren’t showing their faces today.
Kevin and Joseph had also volunteered to bounce their heads all the way down Pallass’ grand staircase if they went to Grimalkin again. They were rising in Ryoka’s esteem.
This time, however, she found an unexpected guest in the room filled with Earth facts and memorabilia. Selys Shivertail was sitting in front of a laptop, watching a movie.
Ryoka threw Erin into the [Garden of Sanctuary]’s pond when the [Innkeeper] had the audacity to look at Selys and go ‘what? Oh, I forgot to tell you.’ The City Runner was all prepared to give Selys a more involved talk about the dangers of spreading information about Earth…but she relented when she saw Selys.
The Drake was a bit…drawn. She didn’t look like she’d slept, and she was mumbling to herself as she rocked back and forth in front of the laptop, wrapped up in a blanket.
“Everything is so small. We can build higher. Higher—this place is so crude. I should invest in glass. Glass is the future.”
She was staring at some of Kevin’s pictures of Earth. Ryoka and Erin checked her worriedly.
“Hey Selys…Ryoka’s here.”
The Drake jerked and looked up at Ryoka.
“Another one? Oh, right. Right…are you from one of those countries? Where?”
“Er…I’m from America, same as Erin.”
“You look different.”
“Her parents are Japanese, Selys. Are you okay?”
The Drake stood up and stared at the world map. She traced Japan to America.
“It’s so far. No, wait—it’s a round world. Round! There’s no end to the world. And—and—you can fly in giant metal Dragons all over. Right, nothing strange about that!”
She laughed hysterically. Ryoka saw Erin bite her lip. Selys Shivertail was the first person Ryoka had met who had well…an appropriate reaction for someone being told another world actually existed.
She was no Grimalkin, or Pisces, or even Krshia—who might not understand everything, come to that—or Teriarch or Ivolethe. Selys was shaking so bad Erin had to ask if she’d had breakfast. When Selys asked if it was morning, Erin went to get her some food.
“She’s been watching movies nonstop. I think she thinks they’re real. I tried to explain, but she’s uh, freaked out by everything. Maviola’s fine.”
Galina whispered to Ryoka when Erin was gone. And that brought up another person of note.
