7.54
Page 33
Not plastic. Not titanium, or aluminum, refined and calculated such that the—vehicle—was as efficient as could be.
This was a prototype. But where industry was lacking or inefficient, magic came into being.
They were both here. Hedault and Pelt. They had taken time out of their schedules to complete this thing. Swept up by—Kevin’s—enthusiasm.
Erin had nearly forgotten about it. Kevin’s skateboard was being reverse-engineered by Pallassian [Smiths] for the hungry market of young adults who had seen it. But this was a far more complex creation. Yet Kevin had access to experts, he had time, a budget granted to him by Lyonette and Selys. And he had done it since he had repaired countless machines like this in his job.
The bicycle sat in the dirt, wooden frame polished, lightweight, metal wheels and wooden ‘tire’ with etched grooves to grip at the ground hand-forged. Everything from the spokes to the gear-system had been made to perfecting exactness out of flawless metal by Pelt.
“Damned thing. Worse than one of Pallass’ big gears. But it’s the challenge of it.”
The [Smith] was proud of himself. So was Hedault. His spectacles gleamed with the promise of speed.
“Most of the enchantments were simple, but there are many component parts. The frame’s enchanting was last as we put it together. The entire device weighs…six point eight pounds. And we can further cut down on the weight.”
“Six point eight? That’s without the wheels, right?”
Ryoka stared at Kevin. The [Mechanic] was grinning like a madman.
“No, that’s the entire thing, Ryoka. Hedault’s spell only works when it’s in one piece. But he can cut the weight down—and there are spells that are anti-gravitational. So, in theory, you could make a bike that—”
“You made a bicycle?”
Erin was staring. And she had repeated herself at least eight times. Joseph squatted down.
“You actually did it. Are there enchantments on the wheels?”
“Oh yeah. And just wait until you hop on. Lightweight isn’t the only enchantment we put on it—”
“You made a bicycle.”
Kevin glanced at Erin.
“Er…you said it was okay, Erin.”
Ryoka turned her accusing gaze to Erin. The [Innkeeper] snapped out of it.
“I—er—well, yeah! It’s…”
She fell silent. Everyone waited for Erin to speak. The young woman closed her eyes.
“It’s so cool. Can I ride it?”
Ryoka saw the others burst into huge smiles. She saw Kevin offer it to Erin.
“We wanted you to be the first person to really ride it. Don’t worry, it’s tested!”
It even had a damn kickstand. Brakes…Ryoka saw Erin taking a few deep breaths.
“So what is this thing? Some kind of two-wheeled wagon? It’ll never stay upright? Unless—is it enchanted?”
Wailant was fascinated as everyone else. But he didn’t get it. Numbtongue did. He was watching Erin with acute interest. So was Mrsha. Palt, the other [Mages], were murmuring. The Centaur’s avid eyes were on Erin.
But the Earther’s eyes were on Ryoka. She was breathing heavily.
A bike. This was beyond anything else that had ever been brought to this world. More than a trebuchet, even. More than…
Because this was both worlds. This wasn’t something from Earth, or something this world had like the trebuchets. This was a fusion of technology.
And he’d brought it. Kevin. And she’d been okay with it.
Erin.
“Ryoka, do you know what this is?”
Fierre whispered behind Ryoka. She was keeping her distance. The City Runner saw Rose watching her. Joseph—even Kevin’s smile flickered.
“Something wrong with it, Ryoka?”
Garia and Fals were watching Ryoka too. They knew her. And they were familiar with the signs of a real Ryoka-eruption.
