7.54
Page 20
“I’ve played a lot of great players. Olesm’s pretty good, Belgrade, Maviola—oh, there was Eldavin, Magnolia, Chaldion—”
Fierre reached for her journal like it was on fire. Bezale’s head snapped up.
“You’ve played Magnolia Reinhart?”
“And Chaldion? Did you…win?”
Salamani stared. Erin smiled.
“Yes I did. Want to play?”
 
—-
 
It was four-versus-one. Ratici was sitting at one table as Wilovan advised him. Ryoka and Fierre had another. Montressa was taking table three as Palt and Beza backed her up and Salamani had Mrsha…snacking and occasionally pointing at a chess piece for encouragement.
Erin Solstice sat happily across from all the boards angled towards her, chattering away. A huge crowd had gathered—including Belgrade, who’d run into the inn with Olesm. The Drake had dragged Maviola over, but she’d left him to watch and take notes. She’d gone to socialize with Drassi.
There was a limit to how much other people were invested in chess. Some people didn’t care for it and that was fine. Ryoka could have fit into that number any other day.
But she really wanted to wipe Erin’s smug smile off her face. Unfortunately, it was Erin Solstice they were up against. Ryoka wondered if Erin would have been as good as a state champion on Earth. Hadn’t she said she competed in chess tournaments in other countries…? She had been a real prodigy as a kid, Ryoka remembered.
As it was, she was good enough to take four people on while nattering away. Fierre was trying to take notes and Ryoka kept making her focus on the game.
“You beat Magnolia Reinhart?”
“Mhm. Check, Montressa. Magnolia was fun. Although she cheated. Actually—half the people I play try to cheat. Put the pawn back, Ratici. I know you took it. It’s interesting playing non-professionals. The way they play is like…it reveals something about how they like to play. Does that make sense?”
“Can you elaborate? No, move that one, Fierre. She’s going to check you…”
Erin grinned as Ryoka avoided a fork-play.
“Sure. Right—well, for instance, Magnolia had like—these really good plays. Someone taught her well, but she always tried to make her plan work. If it fell apart, her game fell apart. You know? Whereas if you’re really good, you just…improvise. And you have a long game of course. Eldavin was amazing, by the way.”
“Yeah. You beat him? I wish I could have seen his face.”
“He tossed the chess board! Which is so rude—anyways. Chaldion’s like that too. Good at long game and short game. He beat me all the time when we first met with his Skill.”
“[Path to Victory]?”
Fierre eagerly wrote with one hand as she reached for a chess piece. Erin grabbed it.
“You’ve got ink on your fingers. Respect the board.”
The other players were busy learning to respect Erin. She was someone else on the chess board. Bezale’s eyes were bulging as Montressa got checkmated faster than everyone else. She and Palt jostled to take Montressa’s place.
“I’d love for you to play some of Wistram’s best. You know, Archmage Feor is considered to be Wistram’s top player?”
Montressa shook her head, staring at the board. Erin perked up.
“Really? Do you think I could play…? Ratici, put the piece back.”
“How did you beat Chaldion, Erin? I’ve heard about his famous Skill. Isn’t it…unbeatable in a game like chess?”
