7.54
Page 16
“Of course they are. I guess some good, kindhearted people heard about it and wanted to help. Good thing a lot of rich people saw it, huh?”
Erin gave Temile and Cetris one of her blank looks. The idea of charity was nothing new to this world. But charity of this sort? She took pity on both as Fierre began writing frantically behind her.
“Look, I think it is relief funding. So that means…build the city back up! Hire workers, make sure it’s secure! And—you know what you need?”
“What?”
Cetris was willing to listen to anything Erin Solstice had to say today. The [Innkeeper] thought for a moment and snapped her fingers.
“You need to—after you fix everything and stuff—you need to pay for like, a fancy sign.”
“A sign? With what, ‘No Killing Goblins’ written on it?”
The [Innkeeper] gave him a cool look.
“No…I mean, a—a statue. A memorial with all the people who donated. Thanking them. Something to make them see you care. And you could probably get Wistram to feature you. Gratitude.”
“Oh. That’s—a fantastic idea, actually.”
“Eh, it’s just common courtesy.”
Erin smiled a bit. Then her eyes narrowed. She looked Cetris Duiland up and down as she had a thought spawned from Earth’s take on this kind of thing.
“…And you had better make sure you don’t waste that money, Cetris. Don’t let it go to waste or let some person misuse it or overcharge. Got it?”
The [Mayor] looked at Erin, and then nodded slowly.
“You’re absolutely right, Miss Solstice. It’s a miracle Celum couldn’t ask for twice. Which is why—which is why one of the reasons I came here was to ask about hiring Liscor’s [Architect] and [Builders]. Even—even Antinium? I hear they work cheap?”
Erin’s jaw dropped. Temile whistled.
If there was one good thing to be said of Cetris Duiland, it was that he hadn’t considered embezzling Celum’s funds until Erin Solstice had mentioned it. And he’d discarded the thought on the basis of it was wrong. There were worse things to be said of a [Mayor].
 
—-
 
“Hmm. Hmm. Hm.”
The [Innkeeper] walked around her inn, on the prowl like some shark in deep waters. It was not wrong to say she was being watched.
Food spies, city spies, and just regular spies and guests of the inn watched her. Drassi was snoozing at her bar; due to the embargo between cities she had a vacation.
“It’s too bad. Really too bad that I shut that door. But you’ve gotta do these things, right, Saliss?”
The [Innkeeper]-shark paused by a table. A Drake with a box over his private parts grinned.
“Absolutely. Especially if it annoys everyone.”
They shared a smile—although the intent was perhaps a bit different, Erin got along with Saliss. And that was because they were similar in some ways, but also because she’d made an effort. So had Saliss, of course. But friends…
Erin was watching some people out of the corner of her eye as she moved around the inn. Fierre, Salamani, who had come back to avail himself of all the free food, which even a Courier didn’t pass up lightly.
And a few others. A pair of hatted fellows who weren’t trying to be as inconspicuous as before. They were resigned to being known, and had debated in their unique parlance between themselves what might come of being asked for ‘favors’ as it were. You couldn’t allow that sort of thing, so they’d either have to refuse and jeopardize their relationship or cancel their contract outright—or stick it out till the end.
They didn’t know Erin that well. And more than one person was watching the Gentlemen Callers—with considerably more apprehension.
“They’re definitely Brothers. But I think—I think they’re the Callers.”
