7.54
Page 14
She didn’t know if she could actually get the others. Ulva Terland for instance…highly doubtful. She was paranoid ever since her sister had been killed by the Goblin King, practically a recluse. The others? Tyrion Veltras wasn’t going to be sociable and Magnolia Reinhart had fled, but maybe the other two—
Ryoka Griffin bowed, looking relieved—even anxious. What was this party she was so desperate to throw? It hardly seemed like a vanity project. Some great favor? Ieka hoped it wasn’t for a lover.
“Thank you, Lady Imarris! It’s…an important event for me.”
Ieka smiled, and that was genuine.
“In that case, I shall be there and I hope we may speak more informally. On that note, I shall ask you to return again so we may coordinate this event?”
“I—I’d be exceptionally grateful if you would spare me the time, Lady Imarris.”
Salamani eyed Ieka, but she ignored him.
“Wonderful. Of course I should have the time for the Wind Runner, who woke the Archmage of Izril!”
And then you won’t have a damned Courier with you. Ieka let a [Maid] remove the gold and offer to transfer it into Ryoka’s bag of holding—or her account at the Merchant’s Guild. She was the gracious [Lady] as Ryoka bade farewell with a promise to help her with her project. Only when she was gone did Ieka toss her fan at the wall and sigh.
“Damn that Salamani.”
Ieka sighed and ran her fingers across the pendant she had put on just for the meeting. Her personal interests aside—Miss Ryoka Griffin had just become an important Runner in truth, as she’d said to the agent of the Circle of Thorns.
Her aunt was interested in Ryoka Griffin, which was enough. But had she checked…? Ieka shook her head, almost too shook for words.
“She has no levels. Either it’s a Skill or magic or—but I would notice.”
Another, less-capable person using an artifact or spell might not have gotten that nuance. But Ieka could tell when her spell was being blocked. It hadn’t been. The [Mage Lady] stared after Ryoka Griffin and felt as if she’d been speaking to a ghost.
“She had no levels.”
 
—-
 
Troubles with money? Or troubles of people with money…that the money itself couldn’t immediately solve?
The third person who had come into an amount of wealth very recently and was disturbed by it was…
Cetris Duiland. A name so unremarkable that most people, even in his city, had no idea who it was.
He was [Mayor] of Celum for his sins. And if they had been his sins, he must have done something truly terrible to have earned the Bloodfeast Raider’s attack on his city. Or nothing at all.
Cetris had seen his city through a seeming windfall in Octavia Cotton’s inventions. That horrible business with the [Alchemist] gangs—a Hobgoblin in his city, and an Antinium! A freak avalanche in the winter, and so on—
But the Raider’s attack had been beyond all of that. All the things Cetris had thought were the ‘worst thing to ever happen to Celum’ like that [Innkeeper] moving her door out of his city?
He had experienced true devastation with his city and Cetris had thought it was the end of Celum. Certainly, people had fled the city and he himself had been looking for a future in which it all seemed bleak.
Then—a miracle. It had just been an innocuous line. A throwaway moment in an event. But Jasi Redigal, a former inhabitant of Celum and another one of the people who’d gotten away to bigger and better things had mentioned Celum.
