7.54
Page 35
Fals stared as Erin moved forwards. Perhaps he sensed it. That while there was magic here—it wasn’t the magic making the bike move. It was…different. Different from a horse, which was an animal, your feet, which were yours, or magic, which did all the work.
Machinery. It turned into motion as the bike rolled forwards. Slowly at first, just leaning on a pedal. Then Kevin coughed.
“Erin. You’re holding the brakes.”
“Whoops.”
She let go. And suddenly—she shot forwards. Erin let out a small scream.
“Aaah—”
The world’s first wipeout came bare seconds after the first official bike ride. Erin shot forwards, ran into the fence where the magical plants were kept, and went down.
Ryoka Griffin winced. Erin picked herself up as everyone rushed forwards.
“—that was fast. I’m okay! I’m okay! Thank you, Mrsha. Just scrapes.”
Mrsha ran over, anxiously holding her own healing potion. Erin took it, took a single sip, and brightened up. Spills on a bike weren’t so bad when you had potions! She got up and picked up the bike.
“You okay, Erin? That thing took off! Kevin, what kind of magic is on that?”
“Just [Weight] on the pedals. See, it amplifies each press. Sorry, Erin.”
“It’s okay! Let me try again!”
A determined look on her face, the [Innkeeper] walked over to the bike. She got on it again, took a breath, and aimed the wheel away from the fence and straight ahead.
“Here goes—”
She pressed her foot down. And this time—the acceleration was fast and smooth. Ryoka had seen the prototype-bicycle had no gear-shift. But if it had—surely that was the highest gear?
Yet Erin pressed down as lightly as anything and the bicycle took off. Her eyes went wide and it wobbled—it had been a long time since Erin had ridden a bicycle. But some things were like…
The vehicle wobbled once. But Kevin and Hedault and Pelt had worked to give the bike real balance. Erin pedaled forwards, and then turned the wheel. She did a slow u-turn, and came back around.
“Oh my god, she’s doing it.”
Rose exclaimed. Pelt twitched, but every eye was on Erin. She came back towards the group and everyone but the Earthers backed away as if she was riding a lion. Yet Erin had control now. And she was pedaling harder, moving faster.
“It’s working! It’s working! I’m riding a bike!”
She laughed. Joseph and Rose began laughing too, at the absurdity of the statement. Ryoka watched, spellbound.
There she went. Erin Solstice rode even faster. And a blur took off after her.
Mrsha! The Gnoll raced after Erin. The [Innkeeper] saw, ignoring Selys and Lyonette worriedly shouting for Mrsha to stop, as if the wheels would bite Mrsha. The Gnoll ran on all fours, abandoning the stupid kilt! And Erin leaned forwards and picked up the pace.
“Dead gods. That thing’s fast!”
Salamani jerked. He hadn’t been aware that Erin had been taking it easy. The magical bicycle accelerated even further, and Mrsha realized she was being outmatched. She howled a challenge and tried to up her own pace. But Erin kept pedaling—and Mrsha slowed.
“I’m going so fast! This is so easy! This is amazing, Kevin, Pelt, Hed—”
Erin’s voice was distant as she turned the bicycle again. Ryoka was trying to figure out how fast she was going, now. Magic wheels—on a regular bicycle, Erin would have been going fast and this had yet to hit top-speed.
A work of art. Pelt gave Kevin a slap on the lower back and something went crack. Hedault looked as pleased as Ryoka had ever seen him. As Erin came back around, they couldn’t help it.
Salamani broke into a run as Erin passed him. Ryoka heard him whisper ‘[Haste]’. And someone else galloped forwards.
