7.54
Page 26
“But it’d be really cool if we could visit the Strongheart farm sometime, Garia. I’d love to come! It’s really safe, right? Nice to run around—is there anywhere to fish?”
“Fish? Dad has a pond, yeah. He killed all the freshwater fish three years back by tossing a bunch of salt in and trying to import ocean fish—you can come over whenever. He likes you all. In fact, you could come over today.”
“Really? I was just thinking—have you heard of Pallass Hunting?”
Garia listened, blinking. And she laughed when Erin finished.
“That sounds sort of like the farm! Only, it’s not that safe. We have all those ward spells up because predators come for the Sage’s Grass. But if Dad and Mom are there, it’s pretty safe! Like I said, you can come over whenever. They don’t mind.”
“Really?”
“Why not? Everyone’s welcome! And I have to go anyways…”
Erin looked around.
“Well, Numbtongue likes to go.”
“So long as they keep their clothes on.”
“Is that really a big problem? It wasn’t when Mrsha and I went—”
“Yes.”
Erin looked around. The idea was taking hold of her. She really, really wanted…
“Hey, I know everyone can’t go, but Lyonette? Fals? You too, Salamani, if you want to. Palt, Montressa, Bezale?”
She wondered if it was too many people. The Gentlemen Callers demurred of course, but they seemed interested in the outing as a break for them if it was really that safe.
“If it’s too much, Garia—”
“My family doesn’t care. Come on over. Bring some snacks and Dad’ll roll out a carpet—and whatever there is to drink.”
Garia looked delighted at the idea. And the idea took root in more minds. Mrsha was excited; she liked the farm where she was allowed to run about. Ekirra and Visma instantly demanded to come. And then Erin had to ask their families if it was alright and assure them there was no nudity—
“I’d love to. I just need to make one stop in Liscor—when? In an hour? I’ll be there. My family are farmers too, actually.”
“Really?”
Garia gave Fierre a second look. The Vampire nodded.
“Lischelle-Drakle.”
“Drak—”
Ryoka slapped a hand over Erin’s mouth so fast the [Innkeeper] fell over. Fierre didn’t notice because Garia had exclaimed.
“Lischelle? I know that family! You’re one of the Lischelles? They’re famous!”
“Only a bit.”
[Farmer] fame. Ryoka blinked. She remembered that Colfa was supposed to be royalty among [Herders] and so on, but she hadn’t taken it seriously. But Garia looked extremely impressed. She grabbed Fierre’s hand.
“You have to come! Dad will be so impressed! He’s not great with barn animals, but if you took a look—”
And despite herself, Fierre grinned while covering her mouth. Numbtongue went to get some appropriate drinking snacks from the kitchen—Imani chased him out.
“I’m coming too! Don’t you dare rummage through my pantry, Numbtongue! I just got it sorted!”
“Are we allowed to come too?”
Montressa and Bezale looked at each other. So did Palt and Salamani. Garia nodded at Erin’s questioning look.
“Wistram, right? Mom’s from Wistram.”
“What faction?”
Salamani instantly asked. Garia rolled her eyes.
“You’re from Wistram alright. I forget. Does it matter?”
The outraged looks she got made Ryoka grin. It was settled! The Stronghearts wouldn’t know what hit them. Garia jogged through the door to deliver the news and Erin did a headcount.
“Anyone else coming? Rose. Joseph, Galina…?”
She ignored Troy and Leon, who were in disgrace and hiding. Joseph shook his head.
“We have football practice.”
Ekirra’s face fell. Torn between his passion and getting to run about! Rose nudged Joseph.
