7.54
Page 37
He started, and some of the heavy emotion swirling around him faded. He looked at Ryoka, for a second, and then laughed and nodded.
“You’re right. Dead gods, you’re right. And I want to try my turn on one.”
“That’s right. Hey Erin! Get over here! We want a turn!”
Joseph put his hands to his mouth and hollered at her. She waved, lost her balance—and down she went. Everyone winced.
The bike came back and Fals won the next turn after a short contest of rock-paper-scissors or whatever this world’s equivalent was called. Erin rubbed at her back as she hobbled over.
“Whew. Was that a protective spell?”
“Salamani got you. But that’s a clear case for wearing that ring, right, Master Hedault?”
The [Enchanter] nodded gravely. He handed Fals a ring—the one Kevin had used for the skateboard and Fals grew far less apprehensive.
The Earthers stood together as they watched Fals ride slowly forwards. Lyonette scooped Mrsha out of the way; the Gnoll had been reaching for the spokes. So had Ekirra.
“It’s a bit dangerous. That’s what you were worried about, right, Ryoka?”
Rose glanced sideways at the Runner. Ryoka knew she wasn’t talking about the bike alone. Slowly, the Wind Runner nodded. The breeze moving across the Strongheart farm was gentle, though. Calm.
“It’ll be okay, I think, Rose. I hope.”
“Are you really okay with it, Ryoka?”
The City Runner took her time in replying. And when she did, she looked at Erin and smiled faintly.
“A while ago I wouldn’t have been. I…I’m aware of what some knowledge can do, Erin. I thought I was protecting everyone by keeping it safe. But…”
“But?”
Ryoka rolled her shoulders.
“But these days, I have a different perspective. Back then, I trusted no one. Not even myself. Now? I’m neither the sole owner of dangerous knowledge—”
She nodded at Kevin, who gave her a wave and a guilty smile.
“—or an absolute authority on morality and the future. I never was. Anyways. It’s like you said.”
“Me?”
“During chess. You said people like Magnolia Reinhart have big plans that go astray. Well—I can’t see how this is going to turn out. But it’s not a bad thing, is it?”
“Mm. Maybe it’ll take Fals’ job away.”
“True. It could turn out bad. But it’s about who you trust, I guess. And you’re better than anyone else I’d trust with this.”
“Aw. Thanks.”
Erin hugged Ryoka briefly. Mrsha ran over, panting, begging to be next. Please? Ryoka laughed.
“We might have to ask Kevin to make one for you, Mrsha. I don’t think your legs will reach the pedals, even if we adjust the seat!”
Injustice! Mrsha stomped on the ground—until she caught the part about her bicycle. Selys was watching too. The future was here. And she was invested in the future.
“Does that mean…you’re okay…with…Wistram…?”
A wheezing voice interrupted the sanguine moment. Ryoka turned and saw Palt clutching at a stitch in his side. As it turned out, the reason people hadn’t ever seen Palt run before was that he was about in Erin’s level of physical shape—just for a Centaur. Erin laughed.
“As long as you’re okay with these, Palt! I don’t think there’s a Centaur-bicycle.”
“Bah. I have my hooves. Thing looks unsteady. But you non-equestrians can do it.”
The [Illusionist] caught his breath at last. He looked questioningly at Ryoka.
No longer being the gatekeeper of all Earth’s knowledge was a lovely burden to realize she’d never held. Strange how your own thoughts could weigh like that. Pretentiousness was heavy. Ryoka rubbed at her neck.
