7.54
Page 24
“She’s passed Level 10 in less than a year. In months! She’s always practicing—and she actually trounced a [Bandit] group that came after her, hence the nickname. Dragged four of them into town knocked silly and collected the bounty and delivered the packages.”
Fals rolled his eyes. Garia’s smile widened as Ryoka turned to her friend.
“You, beating up [Bandits]? Garia?”
“I’ve been practicing your punches. You have to teach me more, Ryoka. That’s half the reason I found you—the other reason is to find my friend before she runs back north! Tell me everything! And don’t lie—what’s this about the Archmage of Izril—”
“Ryoka, would you mind introducing your friends?”
Salamani stood up, looking highly amused. Ryoka saw Fals and Garia look up, do a double-take, and then lose their minds.
“Salamani the Mage Runner?”
They were in awe. Ryoka remembered what it was like when Valceif had paid a visit. The Courier shook hands, blinking at Garia’s grip, and then gestured to Ryoka.
“I’m actually in debt to Miss Ryoka herself.”
Garia’s mouth opened wide as Fierre got up too. Ryoka pulled her over, almost in self-defense.
“This is Fierre. An Information Broker from Reizmelt.”
“And a friend of Ryoka’s. Hello.”
Fierre gingerly shook Fals’ hand and then Garia’s. Fals gave Ryoka a considering look.
“An Broker, huh?”
The [Martial Artist]’s eyes flickered as she looked at Fierre. Ryoka remembered that information brokers, which implied Fierre’s other job, Opener, weren’t as common around Celum and a lot more shady—
“It’s more political in the north. Come on, you two. Fierre’s honest—Fierre, Salamani, these are two of my fellow City Runners from when I ran around Celum.”
“Not that we ever ran together. Ryoka was always the fastest of us all.”
Fals put in. Ryoka ducked her head, embarrassed. That was Ryoka then, who had not been a good friend.
And still, they had come to see her. Garia was beaming. Erin came over—and to Ryoka’s surprise, Numbtongue.
“Hey Garia.”
“Numbtongue! There you are! Dad’s been complaining that you don’t visit the farm. He says to drag you over sometime.”
“Too many naked Humans.”
The Hobgoblin grumbled. Ryoka did a double-take; she hadn’t heard about that particular event at the Strongheart family farm. Nor had she known that Numbtongue and Garia were friends.
…Ab-friends? They were certainly of like minds when it came to working out. Not that Ryoka got to talk—Erin was the one who looked in disgust at the healthy people standing around. But she was smiling.
“The Wailant farm! Did you come from there or Celum, Garia?”
“Celum. Home’s nice, but I always have to stick around when I visit. It’s so nice to meet you, Fierre. And to see you, Erin! I keep meaning to visit the inn, but I’m always running.”
“Me too. We’d come more often, but Liscor doesn’t need mail as often as cities without the magic door.”
Fals mock-sighed. Erin laughed.
“We’re working on that! Everyone, take a seat! I’ll get you Imani’s weird potato-things.”
She headed into the kitchen, mulling something over. When she came back, everyone was taking a second measure of each other.
Fierre was smiling—with a tiny bit of a bite in the smile at Garia and Fals. Possessively, rather. It was more of a Ryoka-thing than Ryoka herself, who was clearly trying to be the friend she hadn’t been in the past.
Salamani looked amused, the older Courier and third wheel to the established friendships. He excused himself after less than fifteen minutes. Erin wondered how long he’d stick around. Ryoka had said he owed her a debt.
