7.54
Page 3
She was evacuating her estates across Izril. Her staff—combat-trained, extremely competent, were in danger of their lives. The Circle of Thorns was sending their lower-ranked [Assassins] in and Magnolia, rather than stick and fight, was pulling out of Izril.
“We could take the battle to them. If House Reinhart goes to war—”
Magnolia tsked. She knew they could fight back. After all they’d done—Sacra, the other deaths—the Circle of Thorns deserved it. However—
“I would rather not, even now, Ressa. I realize that may sound…cowardly, Reynold?”
She looked to the side. The [Butler] stood, his face bordering on blank. Not impassive—he bowed too-precisely, even for him.
“Not at all, Lady Reinhart.”
The [Lady] regarded him and nodded. When she spoke next, it was for his benefit, not Ressa’s.
“The reason is that it’s escalation, Reynold. Escalation which is deserved and will come! But I cannot journey to the Drake’s cities and fight a war in the north. And…if House Reinhart goes to war against the Circle of Thorns, it will be war until one side or another is destroyed completely. Just like my grandmother faced, and they haunted her into her deathbed. Let them think I’ve run.”
“Retreat and ambush, Lady Reinhart? I don’t see anything wrong with that strategy. As a [Warrior], if you’ll pardon my input.”
The [Lady] nodded.
“Thank you, Reynold.”
“What about Tyrion?”
Ressa shot Magnolia a sidelong look. The [Lady] frowned.
“…They’ve calculated this with more effort than anything so far. They don’t want to fail after the Couriers incident and failing to kill me. If Tyrion tries to secure help from overseas—whatever cure he secures, or person, won’t make it out of the port-city. If you had to, Ressa, and I was perfectly safe—could you fend off the Guild’s best efforts?”
“You mean—the Faces? It could be three Level 40+ [Assassins] coming at a vulnerable target at any moment along the trip. Even a higher-level one, or more. I’m not a [Bodyguard]. I’d need help. A Named Team or a Courier—and a good one.”
“And Teriarch hasn’t answered since that last strange message.”
Magnolia sighed. Why now? And why—why were her reports indicating that the Eater Goats and Gargoyles were suddenly getting a lot more active around the High Passes?
Unintentionally or not, Teriarch’s presence had kept the High Passes calm, for a measure of calm, for decades! The monsters didn’t act up when the biggest predator around was all too willing to incinerate anyone who woke him up from his nap. But it was almost as if…
He’d probably gotten around to securing his cave and hidden his presence. Magnolia closed her eyes. The Archmage of Izril was back, that headache…
It was falling apart. Yet she thought of Oteslia. Hold to that. What Tyrion had to learn was that you had to fight these kinds of wars differently than an actual battle…or was that wrong?
Secure your back, have allies you could trust in…the dance of [Assassins] and watching for poison, traps, magical hexes and so on was just another plane of fighting. Magnolia searched for an answer.
“Nalthaliarstrelous…is not a healer. He has contacts, but if no [Druid] in Veltras’ lands has volunteered already—and they are not proof against [Assassins]. If they were in his garden and we were in the mansion, I’d try.”
“The Healer of Tenbault? We have a personal connection…”
The [Lady] sighed.
“She’ll refuse. Her security isn’t up to the task of defeating the Guild and she herself is not…mm…brave enough to even dare them to risk killing Izril’s finest healer. If it were me, I’d demand Regis open his vault. But it’s House Veltras—”
