7.54
Page 27
“I have to help—Kevin’s missing, that idiot. But we could come through after practice? Galina?”
“I’m acting!”
The [Actress] was on stage with the Players of Liscor. Erin saw Imani hurry out with a basket full of food and Palt trotted out and told her to put it in a bag of holding because why would you ever carry anything? The [Innkeeper] saw the others talking, Numbtongue insisting that Ryoka show him a single punch, Salamani talking about factions with Montressa and Beza—
“Good.”
The Gentlemen Callers gave her a tip of the hat. Erin winked and they walked through the door. A roar came from the [Pirate] who grabbed Ryoka in a hug.
“There you are! And here’s that little brat! Hide the snacks, Viceria! Mrsha, you scamp! And who’s this?”
Erin walked through the doorway, laughing, as Wailant picked up Mrsha and tossed her up. This was what she’d wanted to organize. An escape from The Wandering Inn. Not that it wasn’t a nice place. But it was also good to be…she took a breath of fresh air as she walked onto the Strongheart family farm.
Away from drama, except that which a [Pirate]-[Farmer] and a [Green Mage] could conjure. Visma followed Mrsha with the magic ball in her claws, looking around at all the vast farm, so unlike the Floodplains, surrounded by the High Passes on both sides. Ryoka tried to get out of Wailant’s headlock—until Garia hit her father in the side.
They piled through, leaving the inn’s madness behind. And sure enough—forty minutes after they’d gone, Kevin burst through the magic door, shouting.
“It’s done! It’s done! Everyone we finally—”
He stopped. Pelt and Hedault, following him, looked at the relatively empty inn. Kevin hesitated.
“…Where’d everyone go?”
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin faced Numbtongue in the ring. Well, in Garia’s barn with a small crowd of onlookers. Mrsha was cheering on…she couldn’t decide, so she was cheering on both silently.
“Come on, Ryoka!”
Fierre was watching as the City Runner nervously watched Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin was waiting for Ryoka to make the first move.
This was stupid. Ryoka felt way too tense. She had been served her humble pie—and then learned to bake it because it was a good recipe.
She remembered being dumb enough to challenge Calruz and Yvlon. That was old-Ryoka and new-Ryoka hated remembering that scene in particular. And yet—
She remembered boxing with Alber. That was fun. Ryoka feinted and Numbtongue didn’t even move. Great. She felt doubly-outclassed. Not only was she pretty sure he was a lot stronger than she was, he was a seasoned warrior.
On the other hand—she kicked and he stepped back. He was definitely waiting for her to try something.
“Mm?”
That was all the [Bard] said. But it was provocative, taunting—you could put a lot into a single syllable. And Ryoka smiled. She took a step, pivoted—
Erin Solstice, watching with a drink in her hand, sighed. She recognized that kick. It had been a long time since Ryoka’s roundhouse kick—and Numbtongue tried to block it and nearly got knocked off his feet. He staggered—
“Hoo boy. Hope no one gets hurt.”
Wailant Strongheart was also watching, already drinking, and happily. He’d practically begged Ryoka to spar with Numbtongue.
“That’s what healing potions are for. Hey, have you heard that they’re doing this in Pomle? I found it on my scrying orb. You can watch [Martial Artists] beat the hell out of each other, even bet. I can’t stop watching.”
“Or betting. She’s quite good. Is she a [Martial Artist]?”
