7.54
Page 19
Erin shouted into the kitchen and Ryoka heard a shout back as Imani named the potato-fritter dish. It wasn’t the newest thing if you accepted that potatoes and french fries had existed—but it was the way it was made, the recipe—a few were stuffed with a bit of fish, the rest plain—
For a [Cook] or [Chef], Imani and Erin’s inn was a goldmine of new ways to make old foods fresh. And the jaws of the trap were closing. Once Erin started feeding you, it was all over…
And the second weapon was the little Gnoll who’d beg for food winsomely at your table. Not that Erin needed any help, because Wilovan had just run into the greatest Erin-trap of all time.
“I play chess. I’m—decent at it.”
The two Gentlemen Callers weren’t idiots. They heard the snorts and saw the look from everyone in the inn. Too canny to be pulled into a shell game, those two. But there was bait you turned down and the bait that was too interesting to pass up.
“I have an interest in chess myself, Miss Solstice. A fine game, a fine game. You seem to be something of an expert?”
Fierre looked at Ryoka with interest. So did Palt.
“I’ve seen you playing, Erin, but I don’t think we’ve ever played ourselves, have we? Montressa, Bezale, and I all play.”
“What? You never said!”
Erin slammed her hands on the table, outraged. She stared at Montressa and Bezale, who had wisely stayed out of the Erin-whirlwind for now. They were sucked in.
“Do you play chess? We have a bunch of boards at Wistram—right when it came out. We even got the Go boards that the Titan was playing with before…what’s so funny?”
Montressa had no idea why people were sniggering at her trying to show off. Erin Solstice smiled. She cracked her fingers and winced.
“Ouch. And I know Ryoka can play.”
“Poorly. Fierre, you know how to play, though, right? And you too, Salamani?”
“Yes…”
The Vampire girl looked suspiciously at the twinkle in Ryoka’s eyes. So did Salamani, as he broke off from staring at Apista flying upside-down around the inn. He eyed Ryoka, whose smile was as uncanny as it was unusual.
The City Runner had given up and was going along with the fun of it. Some of the people knew; Montressa, Bezale, and Palt had all seen Erin beat Eldavin at chess.
But it was one thing to know she was good and another to realize they were sitting across from the world’s best player, who had played…a Dragon and won. Wait, how did Teriarch know how to play chess? Had he just picked it up or learned it when he wasn’t snoozing the years away?
Something to wonder about. For now—Erin Solstice pulled out a chessboard. She waited for her first victim.
There were no takers. Wistram [Mages]—including Salamani—Fierre the Opener and Vampire, the Gentlemen Callers, they weren’t rubes and they were all waiting for someone else to take the bait first. So Erin began tossing more bait in.
“How about two at once?”
She pulled up another chess board. Ratici blinked.
“You want to play us two at a time?”
“How about blindfolded? I used to do that as a trick at parties. Three at once blindfolded?”
“Miss Solstice, there’s a limit to how much you can tease us. We know you’re good.”
“I’m not trying to be mean, Montressa. But it’d be a fun challenge for me.”
The [Innkeeper] was throwing insane taunts at the challengers. They looked at each other. There was a limit to how much they could take. Pride was on the line, but their metaphorical [Dangersenses] were going off. Erin’s eyes twinkled. And she threw in the last bit of audacity into the pot.
