7.54
Page 21
Erin waved that away as she replied to Salamani’s move. He was actually doing the best. Mainly because Olesm and Belgrade had come over to reinforce his plays. A poor French Defense opening variant from the Courier had turned into an aggressive attack Erin was having to devote more and more time to—she’d gone easy on Salamani and Olesm and Belgrade were trying to turn that into a win.
“You can beat Chaldion even with his sneaky Skill. It’s—well, it’s not easy but it’s simple. Let’s say he just used the Skill. I’ll do it on Fierre’s board since Olesm and Belgrade are helping Salamani. Okay—do it, Ryoka!”
Erin pointed. The City Runner folded her arms as everyone stared at her. After a second, Mrsha poked her in the leg.
“Why?”
“Come on, you have to say it.”
“There’s no point—fine. [Path to Victory]. This is silly.”
Erin smiled hugely and then closed her eyes.
“Okay. The Victory-breaker gambit! Um…Belgrade!”
The Antinium dropped all of his chess notes he and Olesm were sharing.
“Yes, Miss Solstice?”
“Choose a number from one to eight! Don’t think about it! Hurry!”
“Th—six!”
Erin opened her eyes. She found the coordinates on the chess board and the one piece there was—
A rook. Which she promptly traded for a pawn. Fierre instantly ate it with a bishop. Ryoka gave Erin a long look.
“That was a bad move.”
“Mhm. But it’s not one I’d ever normally make. And like that, boom. Chaldion’s [Path to Victory] dies. Y’see, it only works since he sees a path based on the current game. If I mess it up, it’s gone.”
Everyone stared at Erin. Fierre actually stopped taking notes to look up.
“You mean—you beat the Grand Strategist’s best Skill?”
The [Innkeeper] shrugged innocently.
“Just in chess. That’s not the same as wars and stuff. Ooh. Check, Palt.”
 
—-
 
It was true that you couldn’t do the same thing as easily in war. And that her skill was the product of hard work, years of it, compared to everyone else.
But there was still something amazing about watching a true expert do something. Whether that was cooking, magic, or…chess. Erin Solstice shook Wilovan and Ratici’s hands when it was done. The Gentlemen Callers were giving her amazed looks, like all the others.
“It’s the one thing I’m actually good at.”
“Good at? You didn’t lose once!”
“Olesm and Belgrade tied me. That happens a lot in professional games.”
“And then you beat them in the next match. You’re a disgusting monster, Erin.”
The [Innkeeper] mock-punched Ryoka’s arm. But she looked happy at having played; Ryoka’s mind felt overstuffed from trying to score one win.
Erin Solstice saw the chess crowd break up, to her mild disappointment. There was a finite amount of chess most people could stand. Only a few, like her mystery opponent and Belgrade and Olesm and so on were in it for life.
And that was cool. It had been a great day. Erin wanted to make it better.
“You know, we could all pay a visit to Invrisil if we’re looking for something to do after being pushed around by Miss Solstice. The Players have that open booth…”
Montressa suggested slyly. Erin saw Salamani, Ryoka, and Fierre look up. And Wilovan and Ratici’s heads perked up. No one looked straight at Erin. But if anyone could get a ticket to the coveted plays in an hour, it was only Erin Solstice or someone who had a significant in with the Players of Celum. Even the nobility had to fight for one.
“You all want tickets, huh? Is that it? Huh, huh?”
“Yes.”
Palt didn’t even try to lie. Erin blinked at him.
“Hey Temile! Do you have tickets?”
“To the Players of Celum? What about our troupe?”
