7.54
Page 36
“How fast does it go?”
No one had ever seen Palt run. He didn’t hang out around Couriers or Runners that much. He was always smoking or cooking or…Erin turned her head and saw Palt racing next to her. He pointed forwards, urgently.
“Don’t look at me!”
“It’s a bike, Palt! Salamani? Come on!”
Erin pressed harder on the petals. Both the Centaur and Courier looked at each other as Erin began to move even faster. They charged after her. Erin was riding for the road; she was aiming to do a circuit of the entire Strongheart farm.
“Dead gods. How much does one of them cost? It’s faster than a wagon already! And with a bag of holding…you’d smack yourself into the ground, though, right?”
“Not as often as you think.”
Ryoka remarked to Wailant. The [Pirate] eyed her. Hedault murmured.
“Cutting down on the cost of production is a challenge. But Miss Selys funded this project and it seems…worthwhile. Wouldn’t you say?”
“My apprentices could do the gear-things.”
Pelt snorted. Kevin nodded. More could be made. Each person watching was taking something different away, though.
“Good as a horse. Especially if you can put it in bags of holding. Chieftain would’ve…”
Numbtongue murmured. Imagine how far he’d come with the Redfangs and how fast they might have gone with those? Outrun Eater Goats. Garen might have hated them because Carn Wolves were better. But how convenient.
Fierre was writing furiously. Perhaps she saw it too. Ryoka looked around, heart singing a bunch of different messages. And she saw someone was not smiling.
Fals and Garia were watching Erin circle the farm. She was still laughing as the Courier kept pace; Palt was already growing tired but doggedly keeping up. But Erin could ride and talk; heck, you could ride one-handed or with no hands at all! Especially with training wheels, which…
“Something wrong, Fals?”
The City Runner saw her friend look at her. Fals’ face was—he was half-smiling. But there was something in his gaze. It reminded Ryoka of when she’d first passed him in the guild’s rankings. When he talked about Garia being better than he was—Persua getting a rare Skill out of pure luck.
“Sorry, Ryoka. It’s just—I think I see the end of Runners, there.”
He nodded at the distant bicycle. Garia nodded solemnly. Ryoka looked at Erin. Oh yes, that was what she’d seen. Many things to fear. But even so—she shook her head.
“The death of Runners, Fals? We’ve been competing with horses for ages.”
“Can we compete with that, Ryoka? If everyone had a magical carriage like Lady Reinhart…”
He trailed off. Ryoka knew what he meant. It was because magical carpets and flying spells and the carriage were so rare that…again, she demurred.
“They’re not perfect, Fals. They break—and you can’t take them uphill. Maybe Kevin can make one that flies or rides off the ground…”
Kevin started guiltily out of the corner of her eye. Ryoka went on.
“…but it won’t kill Runners.”
“You’re sure?”
Garia looked at the device, worried. Ryoka smiled.
“Even if it were the fastest thing in the world that everyone used, Garia—and it’s not—we’d just get [Bandits] on bicycles instead of horses. And it would look ridiculous.”
The other two chuckled a bit. The young woman laughed and then sobered.
“It might…no, it will change running. But it won’t do away with us. You might be right, Fals. If this becomes cheap enough and widespread enough, most people might just ride bikes. But—there will always be Runners. We just might not be called that. We’ll just all have to become…Couriers.”
