7.54
Page 17
“Please tell me the way you said it doesn’t mean they’re important.”
Ryoka saw Fierre biting her lip nervously. The Vampire’s stomach was growling around lunchtime; but she’d stopped for some justified, pants-wetting fear at one of Erin’s guests.
“They’re…bad news, Ryoka. I mean, you know the Brothers. They have a good reputation as gangs go. No extortion, kidnapping, not much murder and it’s usually only in inter-gang fights…but they are a gang.”
“How do you make money if you don’t do all those things?”
Fierre gave Ryoka a grave look.
“You keep the streets clear and everyone happy and aware that it’s better to have the Brothers mug a few rich idiots than have the Sisters of Chell or another group moving in.”
“That’s extortion.”
“No, isn’t that racketeering? See—they have jobs which the city sometimes provides—it’s very official if the Brothers control a city. But the Callers are two of their best. Ryoka—the Gentlemen Callers, well, they’re gentlemen apparently—but they’ll still kill you dead if you’re an enemy of the Brothers.”
Ryoka’s stomach lurched. Wonderful. Fierre nodded. Then her stomach growled again.
“Sorry. I can’t make it stop.”
“You uh…need something to eat?”
“I was going to go into Liscor. But if you have um…”
A pint to spare? Ryoka nodded covertly. Both of them avoided each other’s eyes. Ryoka had donated blood to Fierre on the way to Invrisil because the Vampire girl had to make sure her blood wasn’t contaminated. In Liscor she could probably find animals that had never drank from Byres-tainted wells.
Fierre thought it didn’t matter as much if it was a river-fed animal anyways. Ryoka’s tasted ‘fresh’, according to her, and Ryoka knew she had to have drunk at least a tiny bit from Reizmelt and the Lischelle-Drakle wells. She was having charcoal pills made up like her family anyways…
But the point was that Ryoka gave blood and would probably give Fierre a snack. Was it supposed to feel so intimate? Maybe she could just drop blood into a bowl if you wanted it to be more impartial…blood transfusion bags, that was the ticket.
Before they headed upstairs, though, Ryoka had to tell Erin there was trouble in her inn. She hoped like hell that it wouldn’t turn into a gang war—
As it turned out, Erin Solstice already knew. She smiled brightly as Ryoka pulled her aside for a whisper with Palt’s help for [Silence] spells.
“Oh, them? That’s Wilovan and Ratici. Yeah, I know they’re criminals. Hey Wilovan, Ratici! You got enough to eat?”
The two Gentlemen Callers saw Ryoka and Palt duck to hide behind Erin. They tipped their hats as Erin waved.
“Are you mad?”
The [Innkeeper] stared at Ryoka.
“No. I know what I’m doing. Hey, Wilovan, Ratici, you’ve got a huge reputation. Come meet my friend! Ryoka! And Palt—you’ve met him. By the way, Ryoka? Don’t let Centaurs fall on you.”
“I’m sorry.”
Palt and Ryoka nervously hid behind Erin as she pulled them over. Ryoka’s skin was crawling. Oh no. The duo with their hats—Ratici and Wilovan stood to tip their hats and the instant they spoke, Ryoka’s internal warning bells all set themselves off.
They had style. You didn’t fuck with people who had style. It was like Belavierr all over again.
“Miss Ryoka Griffin, it’s a pleasure to meet you. And whatever you might have heard, let me assure you we’re the most reputable sorts. Not always pleasant, but I’d hope it’d never be anything to ruin our good name.”
“Not at all. Exceedingly hard to get to that point. If words and goodwill don’t prevail, it’s a crying shame.”
