7.54
Page 1
But he’d try. Oh, he’d try. The [Lord] spun on his heel without so much as a second word. Ullim, Jericha—both stared at the [Assassin] without even trying to conceal their hatred.
“I’ll have a drink of wine, thank you. Have it sent to my rooms.”
She was enjoying herself, a guest treated like royalty—with perhaps something to be desired for friendly attitude. The [Assassin] saw Jericha clench her fist.
“Something you want to say?”
“Watch your behavior, poisoner. When all this is over, do you really think everything will be forgiven?”
The [Assassin] thought about this. Then she swung herself up nimbly. Jericha watched her walk over, hand hovering at her side. Jericha was probably higher-level, more experienced than even the [Assassin] in combat. Certainly, possessing more expensive artifacts. She was a nobleman’s second-in-command, elite, for whatever that word meant.
The [Toxin Expert] regarded Jericha and adjusted her mask. Then—she stabbed Jericha.
Her dagger flashed from a hand and Jericha threw herself back. She was good. And anyways, the [Assassin] hadn’t gone for a killing thrust. Jericha clenched at her stomach, and her hand lifted a wand—
The [Assassin] waited. Jericha’s hand trembled as the tip of her wand glowed.
“That’s right. I would watch your tongue as well. And heal yourself too, lest your master take offense. So long as the two young [Lords] are sick—Lord Veltras will abide. And he will obey. So will you. Stop bothering me and leave me. Send a good vintage to my rooms.”
She was enjoying herself. The [Assassin] regarded the blood on her dagger as Jericha stared at her, then backed away. The door shut and the masked assassin sat back with a chuckle. She had been worried for her life at first. Not anymore. Tyrion Veltras was looking thinner; he’d lost weight. The man had stopped eating.
He was softer than the rumors made it out to be. Or perhaps—only fierce in war. She waited. Some things were inevitable. The next thing he’d do was…
 
—-
 
House Veltras sent another request for assistance with the poisoning. Only this time—they did not reach out to local [Alchemists] and [Healers], few as there were of the right level. They called for aid from the Five Families.
It was a sign of weakness, obviously. And one Lord Veltras had to be reluctant to give his political rivals. But if push came to shove and he couldn’t leave his sons unprotected—
The news was shocking and not depending on who you were. And of course, it spread to even those without their sources of information. The two children of House Veltras were sick?
Not poisoned. Not yet. The Five Families got a more complete picture, as did the rest of House Veltras’ members. Tyrion needed a cure.
Now. Would he get it? There was a bit of debate. Perhaps an hour of reflection as the leaders of their houses got the message and were apprised if they weren’t already. Then the answer came:
Of course. They were children. Magnolia Reinhart was absent from Izril, but the other three families had [Alchemists] and [Healers] in their employ. They wouldn’t shirk for fear of violence…
Deilan El himself visited the House of El’s [Alchemist], Master Menob—one of the better ones even among the Five Families. After all, the House of El were artisans and a good [Alchemist] was a must.
The newly-instated patriarch of the El family knew his business—he had been working as Maviola’s assistant for a long time, after all. And this matter with Tyrion—he himself was a father. Politics aside, he would have agreed.
