7.54
Page 7
Ryoka let him pass. Hexel slithered downstairs and Ryoka couldn’t help but stare after him. And that was normal these days. She saw someone else walk out of his room, scratching at his stomach.
Numbtongue and Ryoka Griffin locked eyes. They blinked at each other, knowing each other, but like Erin and Fierre—not being completely on the same page. Ryoka had been wary of the Redfang when they’d first met. Even offended him.
“Hi.”
“Good morning.”
“Right. Good morning. Sleep well?”
The [Bard] stared at Ryoka’s slightly-nervous grin and shrugged.
“I think I slept on a book.”
He grumbled as he poked at his stomach. Ryoka looked down and saw…an indentation on his front. Was…was that some kind of problem going around the inn? Erin had complained about the exact same thing! Then Ryoka noticed that Numbtongue was in shape.
Those were Hawk-level abs. She blinked as the Hobgoblin walked downstairs. Then Ryoka shook her head. What was with [Warrior]-types…who burned a lot of energy…actually, it made perfect sense. Especially when Erin had revealed that there were [Chefs] who could make weight-loss foods.
But in this world, didn’t it make more sense for people to idealize a chubbier form, or had they already gone through that period like Earth? Maybe it was because there were other species, some of whom might really object to that aesthetic…
Ryoka had time for her odd speculation on the development of bodily beauty this morning. Because, as was evident from the inn, there was at last no huge crisis. At least—not an enduring one.
It was a relief to Erin and Ryoka, especially because both kept expecting the bathtubs to explode or Skinner 2.0 to crawl out from the sewers or something like that. Yes, Ryoka had returned to the inn.
She was back, but historically that led to so much…flak. Trouble was common to Erin and Ryoka’s general experience. From Frost Faeries to the first time they had met and gone into the dungeon to find Olesm and Ceria—Ryoka and Erin had few calm days between them.
Good days? Of course. But calm? Fewer of those. So the idea of ‘calm’ was actually on both Ryoka and Erin’s minds today.
“Crepes!”
Erin announced, having bullied Imani into providing the meal today. With whipped cream, strawberries, and a host of goodies that had Mrsha racing out of the bath room, sopping wet, pursued by a furious Lyonette.
“Morning, Erin.”
Ryoka greeted Erin and the [Innkeeper] pointed to Fierre.
“Hey Ryoka, I made friends with Fierre.”
“What? Already?”
You left Erin alone for five minutes and she was making friends with your friends! Ryoka felt a bit…well, almost annoyed at how easy it was for Erin. Inconsiderate to anti-social people like Ryoka.
The City Runner saw the Vampire girl munching on a crepe with strawberry jam—probably reassuring to her—and watching Numbtongue out of the corner of her eye. He went straight to the table, loaded up his crepe with butter and whipped cream and began munching down unapologetically.
“Yeah, she’s cool. And I didn’t mention you-know-what, even though it was really hard!”
Erin gave Ryoka a wink. The City Runner gave her a long look.
“How tempted were you to say something?”
“Um…crepes?”
The Wind Runner gave up and went over to the table. Erin followed her, chattering.
“I had some ideas about today, actually. I know you have to meet with that Lady Ieka person and do all kinds of stuff with Salamani—he’s already in Invrisil, by the way. Guy wakes up early. Do you think you’ll have some free time, though?”
