7.54
Page 31
“Are you kidding? She attacked a damn army by herself and her ship. You saw them showering arrows and spells on the Illuminary? They probably couldn’t even scratch her hulls with an unenchanted ballista! I’m glad I left. Undersea Crews surfacing under your ship and tearing a hole in the hull, bastards sending sea creatures to eat a hole in your keel—no thank you.”
“Huh. Hey! Is that the Sage’s Grass stuff? It’s growing nice!”
Erin saw a glowing field of widely-spaced, glowing red plants. Sage’s Grass. Wailant proudly surveyed his farm’s specialty.
“Yep. Almost ready to harvest. Eight months. Premium. I’d let it grow longer, but—bigger monsters’ll show up. We already had to kill a herd of damned Eater Goats last week.”
“Eight months? They grow for that long?”
“Yup. You can harvest in three—and it’s three, even with Skills. But Sage’s Grass grows for ages. I don’t try to do that, though. Too much chance they’ll die. They’re such fragile things. You can kill ‘em by speaking harshly, I swear. Actually—that reminds me. Come take a look at this! I got some more magical crops.”
He led Erin over to a far smaller plot with some odd…Erin stared at a huge, vertical oval. It looked like some kind of shiny melon. Or…or…no, there was no comparison in her world. Watermelons?
But watermelons were not four feet tall. This was a huge plant! And apparently—hollow?
“It’s called a Goudolep. Chandrarian. Stay there. You have to sneak up on it. See? I pruned it so you can get around on this side without triggering it.”
Wailant moved around—Erin saw he was dodging around some bright flowers on top. She frowned.
“Sneak up on it? Is it alive? I mean—”
The [Farmer] got around the plant and Erin saw he’d installed something like a tap into the side of the plant. He called for a cup and Fals tossed him his.
“They’re hollow! Mostly! Got a lot of water inside—it’s a self-defense thingy! See, if you get in range of the flowers—hold on, I’ll get the drink first.”
He snuck back around with a purple-green liquid in the cup. He offered it to Erin, Fals, and Imani.
“Go on. Have a sip.”
Imani tried first. She recoiled.
“It’s sour! It’s so—”
She laughed despite the expression her face was trying to make. She handed the cup to Fals and Erin.
“It’s so sour!”
Erin made a face, laughing. But it was refreshing and not that bad! It was like a super sour candy from her world. She liked it! Wailant grinned.
“Good, isn’t it? I put it in the rum for a change of pace. Your Hobgoblin loves it. See, the trick is this is a specialty-bred Goudolep. Wild-bred ones? It’s like being slapped by an angry lemon, it’s so bad. Not good at all. And if you get close…any volunteers?”
Erin raised a hand, and so did Fals, but Imani volunteered herself. So Erin had to let her try. Nervously, the [Cook] sidled forwards towards the flowers at the top. They quivered when she was about ten feet away—
And then a jet of the liquid splashed Imani. She screamed, gasped, and started laughing. So did Erin.
“See? See? What a beautiful bastard of a plant! I had to buy it. And some invisible pumpkins!”
Erin rolled her eyes.
“Oh, hah-hah, Wailant. I may be gullible, but I’m not that gullible.”
“I’m serious, I’ve got an entire crop over there! I heard Octavia was using some for her molds? Well, mine are just for fun.”
Erin eyed the empty field. She walked forwards, laughing.
“Invisible pumpkins? Why would you even—aaah!”
She tripped and smacked into the dirt. Wailant laughed as he clutched at his sides. Erin got up and stared at the empty patch of soil. She crawled over and felt at it. Then she looked at Wailant.
