7.54
Page 18
Ratici added as Wilovan shook Ryoka’s hand. If Ryoka were a Gnoll, all the hair would have been standing up on her body. Beaming, Erin watched as Palt did the same and the two gave her sidelong looks.
“Don’t be like that, guys. They even told me they’re criminals. And you can’t get more honest than that, can you?”
The Gentlemen Callers actually chuckled at that. Ryoka looked at Erin. Why were they here? The [Innkeeper] had the audacity to wink at her with everyone watching.
“Don’t they remind you of home, Ryoka? At least a little bit? It’s like—hats, being polite even if you’re a criminal—”
Wilovan winced and lowered his voice.
“Miss Solstice, you’re being a bit loud. We happen to be perfectly normal citizens.”
“Until we aren’t.”
Ryoka scratched at her head. Remind her of what? The mafia? The roaring twenties? What was Erin going to do to charm them, jump up on stage and put on a show and twirl a cane?
“That’s a great idea, Ryoka!”
The City Runner wanted to hit Erin. But the [Innkeeper]’s eyes were twinkling. She wasn’t afraid of the Callers, even though she had to know who they were.
That was the magic. Wilovan and Ratici were perfectly polite, even reassuring to Ryoka and Palt. Accustomed to people who knew them giving them a wide berth. But Erin, knowing exactly who they were and what they did, threw her arms around them and invited them to try a milkshake. It was refreshing, perhaps. Ryoka saw Ratici lift up his cap and glance at Erin with actual surprise.
“They’re fine, guys. Wilovan and Ratici are like—honorable hatmen!”
Wilovan’s ears lowered slowly. Ratici made a face.
“Er—gratifying of you to say, Miss Solstice. But as names go—you needn’t trouble yourself, really. We’ll stay out of your hair—”
“Nonsense! You guys’ve helped me out before. And I’ve got Salamani and Fierre as guests—have you tried all of the inn’s foods? Tell me about yourselves—come on, Ryoka, Palt! Pull up a chair! Do you like to play board games?”
They never had a chance with their politeness against Erin. You had to literally kick her and run if you wanted to get away. Ryoka got away on the pretext of helping Fierre—she came back ten minutes later with Fierre to find Erin winning at cards.
“See, it’s called ‘card counting’.”
“It’s cheating.”
Ratici looked offended. Erin laughed.
“No it’s not! You’re cheating whenever you steal a card! Numbtongue says you keep doing it.”
Palt, Erin, Wilovan, Ratici, and Numbtongue were all playing poker, a game from Erin’s world. Palt gave Ryoka a mute look of desperation. She was tempted to leave him to his fate since he was distracting everyone else.
“Miss Solstice, could you explain how it works?”
Wilovan leaned over as Erin tried to explain the concept. So did Ratici, despite his arguments. If it was cheating, they wanted to learn it.
“Magical cards are really fun. I wish we had magical chess pieces. But how would that even work? Aside from them, like, beating each other up. And that just slows things down.”
Erin admired some of the cards from Ratici’s personal deck. A little white paw reached up to steal one and Erin smacked it gently. Wilovan glanced up as he sampled a bit of a new snack that Ryoka didn’t recognize. Imani’s cooking? A dozen people were surreptitiously stuffing them into pockets or belt pouches.
“You play chess, Miss Solstice? This is a fine, er, biscuit, by the way.”
“I thought it was a fritter, Wilovan.”
“It is! Imani? Imani, what is this called?”
