7.54
Page 11
Maviola El. It was going to happen. Ryoka hadn’t been able to talk to the [Lady Firestarter] yet, but she was at the top of the list. Only—she hadn’t come into the inn. But Erin promised that it was actually Maviola El and Fierre confirmed it.
“I have some notes. I can’t believe it, but I heard about Maviola El downing a Potion of Youth and riding off, Ryoka. It was the talk of Izril a month back! I…can’t believe she’s still alive, honestly. Either she has a lot of Potions of Youth or they last longer than I thought!”
“Wait, alive?”
Ryoka hadn’t heard about Maviola’s swansong. But it immediately spoke to her. And made her worried.
“She might not even make it to the Summer Solstice, even if she decides it’s worth attending!”
“Um…she’s got a good chance of making it. And she promised to come. There’s like…a good chance of her making it, actually. With uh…stuff…happening.”
Erin coughed into a fist. Ryoka and Fierre stared at her.
“Erin. Have you managed to stop time itself?”
“Not me. It wasn’t my fault! Well, I just helped—I’ll tell you about it later, Ryoka.”
The [Innkeeper] had stopped to eye Fierre, who’d guiltily put away her notebook. But if Erin was being circumspect…
Ryoka’s mind was awhirl. It could happen! Only—Magnolia Reinhart was the second complicating factor. Still, that was possibly two! And since Ryoka was reminded of the oncoming solstice, she went to Invrisil.
 
—-
 
Magnolia Reinhart’s mansion stood deserted, the gates locked. Ryoka called out several times. She saw nothing—not even the patrolling Golems. The ominous storm cloud was still present though, and the glowing animals moving across the mansion’s walls made Ryoka sure she was not about to try climbing that gate.
She knew the storm cloud was armed and she had no desire to be fried. So she kept shouting, hoping for a response and feeling it was futile. After a while, someone did come out, though.
“Everyone’s gone. Get lost.”
An old man in some ratty, nature-covered robes stared at Ryoka. She stared back at the [Druid].
“Are you…N—Lady Magnolia’s [Gardener]? I need to speak with Lady Reinhart.”
“She’s not here.”
The [Druid] turned away. Ryoka called out desperately.
“Is there anyone I can talk to?”
“No.”
Well, he was no help. Ryoka paced back and forth for another twenty minutes—then wondered if the empty mansion might be connected to a real and pressing threat from the Circle of Thorns. After that, Ryoka felt like dozens of eyes were watching her so she made tracks fast towards Invrisil. She’d send a [Message] and hopefully Magnolia would reply. Or…would Teriarch help? Ryoka thought about visiting his cave.
After Ieka, maybe.
 
—-
 
Lady Ieka Imarris had been a flurry of motion for the last fifteen minutes. It was about presentation. Not that she wasn’t exceptionally grateful in her own right and impressed to boot! But she had ulterior motives for deciding to receive Ryoka Griffin in style.
…Something was wrong, though. The [Lady] of House Imarris frowned as she received a report from one of her—contacts.
Not her House’s personal bodyguard, but a different source. The fellow was nondescript and his tone was a bit pressing for her tastes.
But then, Ieka might be a powerful [Lady], but her ranking in the Circle of Thorns was supposed to be a completely different matter. In practice it wasn’t, of course; people were aware of who she was, and either relished their power over her, or bore it in mind.
This fellow was of the former, despite being lower-ranked. He was a bit too presumptuous. Ieka opened and closed her hand-fan as she listened.
