7.54
Page 30
“Yeah. I don’t know as much myself…but I’ve heard there are specialists. Few and far between since it’s—healing the mind? But they exist. Magic schools, too.”
“What’s this about magic?”
Wailant had obtained a cigar but had rolled his eyes out of the conversation of international politics. He came over and that was the group. Erin explained and the [Pirate] raised his brows.
“[Thought Healers]. That’s what you’re thinking of. Not sure if that’s the exact class or the basic one. But yeah. Go to a major port and there’s probably one. The other option’s to find a good [Mage] or [Shaman]. Not yon [Illusionist] but a specialist.”
“You know about that, Wailant?”
The former [Pirate] gave Erin an embarrassed shrug.
“You sail the wrong places enough and you see things, Miss. Crelers? I met the bastards at sea—twice. I’d like to forget that myself. Trick is—you put distance between yourself and then. That’s the trick. Take as much damn dreamleaf as you want, Miss Imani. I’d grow it myself but it likes humid weather. Viceria has a stock, though. We could sell you some.”
“Thank you.”
Imani ducked her head and the [Farmer] gave her a kindly look. Which immediately turned into a boisterous laugh.
“Mind you, the trick is being strong enough that you know you can crush any bastard that comes at you! And write your victories on your arms, like so! Did you see the Hundredfriends Courier? I only wish I had magical tattoos that did stuff like that!”
The others smiled. But Erin hadn’t missed Wailant’s best side before he’d covered it up. And he had a lot of good sides. A few jerk sides.
“Thanks for letting us come to your farm, Wailant.”
“Ah, it’s fun. That’s the ticket. Fun. You can come over every week—makes a nice break from a hard day of farming. That little kid’s fun too. Reminds me of Garia, growing up. She wasn’t as fast as Mrsha, but she could run around for ages.”
Ryoka was shielding her face as Visma and Mrsha decided the only way to win was to throw clods of dirt to slow her and Numbtongue. Wailant roared.
“That’s good soil you’re tearing up! Oi! What are you doing? I didn’t say stop!”
The Hobgoblin saw a clod of dirt flying at his head. He grabbed it and used a Skill. [Redirect Missile]—it smacked Visma in the face and she began crying. Shorthilt’s minute of return turned guilty, but kids cried. Wailant didn’t so much as budge and Ryoka and Mrsha went over to comfort Visma.
“I like that Hobgoblin. Kids’ve gotta learn that if you throw shit, shit throws stuff back. He’s welcome too. And we do not get naked all the time! Slanderous.”
“What is that about?”
The [Farmer] looked embarrassed.
“It’s this—activity. Look, we have wands and targets…and sometimes it’s hot, okay? It’s a private damn farm! We have fences for a reason!”
Erin was so taken with Wailant’s description of what sounded to her like laser tag—or paintball with wands?—that she asked if they could try. Wailant was only too happy to provide the wands.
She, Fals, Imani, and Wailant walked over to one of the makeshift target ranges, laughing as they shot [Light Arrows]. Wailant was telling Erin about sea combat.
“Cutlass in one hand, wand in the other. You see, you can swim about—”
“With the cutlass in your teeth?”
The [Pirate] gave Erin a long stare.
“…With the wand in your teeth. Why a cutlass? That’s far too heavy. Anyways, that’s how [Pirates] fight. Mobile. You saw that Rasea Zecrew? She’s new-blood. One of the best damn [Pirates] of her generation.”
“Any of it make you want to go back to sea?”
The [Farmer] snorted.
