7.54
Page 22
The [Actor] shouted back from the stage where his group was rehearsing. Erin instantly rounded on Palt.
“Yeah, what’s wrong with the Players of Liscor?”
“Nothing! It’s just—”
The Centaur put his hands up and backed up. Erin smiled as he tried to justify himself to the outraged [Actors].
It was tempting. And certainly—on her radar for her friends, even if Erin herself hadn’t been as interested. But Erin had a feeling about the plays and Invrisil. It would be…
Exciting. Possibly something might happen that would lead to event and perhaps a good outcome—but Erin knew Numbtongue had been sneaking into Invrisil in his disguise and she wondered what effect a Vampire, a Courier, two Gentlemen Callers, and a few Wistram [Mages] might have in the same room. Plus one Mrsha and a Ryoka?
Anyways, Erin had come up with a better idea already. The crying shame was that Pallass was off-limits for now. She could walk through the door of course, but she didn’t think the [Guards] would be predisposed to let her in.
“It’s a darn shame we can’t go to Pallass…are you staying for like, an entire week, Ryoka? Because I really want to have this thing with you and Lyonette and even Numbtongue if the helmet-trick works on Pallass. Maybe there’s something like it here?”
Erin mused out loud. Everyone looked at her with that familiar suspicion in their gazes. Ryoka raised an eyebrow.
“Erin. What’s in Pallass?”
“Nothing big.”
Menolit snorted as he sat at a table. Olesm shook his head. Maviola looked excited and Drassi leaned over the counter. And that was just a few in the crowd. Lyonette folded her arms. Erin was hurt.
“Honest! It would be a little thing! Tiny! Compared to going to a play in Invrisil? It’s just…has anyone heard of Pallass Hunting?”
The [Innkeeper] looked around. And she received a room full of the blankest looks imaginable. Even from Ferris.
“Pallass wha?”
“It’s the group I went with after the um—inn was destroyed.”
“The inn was what?”
Ratici looked around. Erin smiled a bit.
Toren.
“Yeah. I was thinking…it was nice. See, Pallass Hunting is this group of well, mostly Gnolls that lets you go right outside the city. And just…hunt and fish and stuff. In the wilderness. You camp for a week or two—as long as you pay for. But it’s not really camping because it’s safe.”
“You bet it is. Outside of a Walled City? You’d have an easier time finding monsters inside the city coming out of the sewers.”
Menolit snorted in disgust for the tame activity. So did a lot of patriotic Liscorians. In our city you’d get your face torn off in half a day! Erin raised her eyebrows.
“But it was fun, Menolit. What’s wrong with that?”
The [Veteran] hesitated and looked thoughtful. Erin looked at her audience.
“It was really nice. I didn’t have to worry about monsters, I got to be outside and catch fish—they stock the ponds and forests with game and fish—I thought we could do something like that.”
Mrsha’s ears perked up. She did like that. Erin gave the Gnoll a knowing look.
“Something like that. An outing without, like, Rock Crabs.”
That did sound nice. And it was a very Erin-thing to imagine. Camping? But then—Ryoka was reminded that Mrsha was a Plains Gnoll. Her tail was wagging at the very idea.
“Pallass is closed, though.”
“Because you closed it.”
Erin waved that point of logic away as she thought.
“You know, I hear some of those [Lords] we’re trading with are close to lakes and stuff in the north. What about…isn’t House Everight close to the ocean? We could go to the beach sometime!”
