7.54
Page 32
“Sell me some! I’ll make you an invisible pumpkin pie! Or Imani will!”
“Everything alright? I heard a scream. Imani?”
Palt trotted over to check on them. Erin had to show him the invisible pumpkin—or rather, not show him. Imani was smiling as Fals offered her some water—Palt cast [Cleanse]. Ryoka and Numbtongue and some of the others jogged over to see the spraying melon; Mrsha got a faceful as she rushed over.
The party reconverged around the melon for a bit. It was still far from dinner, and Mrsha had to try target-practice with her wand. Garia came over to Wailant with Fierre.
“Dad. Fierre told me there’s the softest sheep in the world which nuzzles you! It’s called the Sariant Lamb and it survives because it’s so adorable even monsters protect it! Can we get one?”
The [Farmer] took the cigar out of his mouth and gave his daughter a long look.
“Absolutely not. I’d rather buy a Seedspitting Vecker than a damn animal like that.”
“Dad!”
“Hear your daughter out, Wailant. Haven’t you wanted a dog for ages?”
“No farm of mine is going to have creatures that pathetic. It cuddles things? Absolutely not!”
“Mother says their wool is worth a lot. She never got one because, well, we have regular sheep and Sariants don’t get along. Jealousy.”
Fierre slyly remarked as wife and daughter tried to convince the [Pirate]. Wailant looked around for his writing spectacles.
“Well, hold on. That’s different. What’s the market value of a single harvest? And cost of one? There’s always shipping fees and it can double the expense, especially if you lose your shipment…”
“Let me get my notes.”
Fierre stepped back towards the inn, laughing. On the way, she saw the magic door open.
“Erin. Rose and Joseph are done. They’ve brought Ekirra. Selys and Drassi want to come through too. And…there’s something Kevin thinks you should see.”
Lyonette had stayed to manage the inn. But now she came through as Fierre stood to one side. She saw the others standing and exclaiming over something. And there was Pelt, Hedault—
Fierre stared at them. And the strange contraption being wheeled out by Kevin. Two master-artisans? She opened her mouth as she walked into the inn.
“I just need to get something from my room. Don’t do anything just yet!”
“Oh, of course, Fierre. You know how to work the door? Ishkr’s holding down the inn.”
“I do, thanks Ly—Lyonette.”
Fierre stumbled over her words. The [Princess] gave her a smile and walked through. Fierre watched her go. And suddenly—she had to run to her room.
The Vampire girl rushed up the stairs. She tore through her belongings, forgetting Wailant’s notes for a moment. She grabbed some freshly-bought blood from Liscor, hidden in pouches and canteens. The Vampire drank two entire meals in one go. But it didn’t stop the sudden, intense, craving she felt.
“What’s wrong? Stop it. Stop it.”
Fierre grabbed her arms until the shaking stopped. She was so hungry. She had fed from Ryoka and drank enough animal blood today! But—
It had begun at her farm. And it was getting worse. Fierre had never been so hungry. And Lyonette? Erin? Not Ryoka—and most in the inn didn’t make her so hungry. But Salamani. The Callers, even—
“Stop it. Not now. Don’t ruin it.”
She mumbled to herself as she sank to her knees. Not when it was going so well. 
 
—-
 
No one noticed Fierre returning late. They were all clustered around something that Kevin had brought into the farm. Asking questions. Some—the Earthers—were in consternation.
None more so than Ryoka Griffin. She stared down at the contraption made of metal and wood. Metal and wood.
