7.55 E
Page 10
Now this business with poisoning his children. Rie felt like the Circle was overreaching. She knew how much power they had and she knew how much danger one of the Five Families could bring. If they took Tyrion Veltras and his House, it would make the Circle incredibly powerful—and their reach was already long. But if not?
“I’ll see, your Majesty. But it would cut any travel down to a scant day or two at most with an overnight carriage.”
That was what she said to Laken about the door. The [Emperor] nodded.
“Well then. A magic door. And it connects to multiple cities, Master Helm? I wonder…could it reach Riverfarm?”
Rie bit the inside of her lip hard. And connect to—Drake cities? She didn’t like it. Not one bit. It was dangerous if everything was true; she’d heard the door in Liscor—already a Drake city—reached Pallass. One of the Walled Cities and principle enemies of the north. They’d been responsible for sending the Drake [Infiltrators] to ruin the north’s lands.
But it was a worthwhile question to ask. Master Helm hesitated.
“I wouldn’t know, your Majesty. I only heard tell of it. But—young Halrac—that is, Adventurer Halrac would know all about it!”
The [Emperor] smiled. And that smile—Lady Rie scowled behind a handkerchief as she pretended to dap at her cheek, even though she was almost certain he couldn’t tell what her facial expressions were.
“Ah. Captain Halrac and Griffon Hunt. Well, I owe them a visit about a problem already. Let’s finish our walk and meet them, then.”
He walked on. Rie fell back.
“Beatica, find me everything regarding the magic door and notes on Liscor for his Majesty. Have them to me before dinner.”
“Of course, Lady Rie.”
The former [Councilwoman] of Lancrel didn’t meet Rie’s eyes. She bowed low, and scurried off. And here she had once been a self-proclaimed rival for Riverfarm. Well, she’d assumed she had been, but she was smart enough to throw herself on Rie’s mercy when Laken had returned.
Now she was a useful subordinate. Of course, once a traitor, always a traitor, as the saying went. But…Rie Valerund wondered if Beatica wouldn’t be a good low-level operative of the Circle of Thorns. She might be a first good recruit. The Circle had ways to ensure that old truism about traitors only applied to people not in their organization.
The Circle had yet to spread its roots in Riverfarm. To her knowledge, Rie was only one of three operatives in the area, and the largest at that. The other two had come simply to monitor her work with the [Emperor]. Until now, no one had given Riverfarm a passing thought.
Rie had gotten lucky. Lucky indeed; the Goblin raid had not been planned. But here she was, advising an [Emperor]. It was rising her star as both [Lady]…and member of the Circle of Thorns.
She only wished—well, that Laken were easier to persuade. He couldn’t see, and a melodious voice wasn’t half as effective. She needed him to embrace the Circle of Thorns. Or else, if he became an enemy—they’d cut him. And they could work well together.
 
—-
 
Rie caught up with Laken Godart as he finished his walk and headed into Riverfarm proper. It was now a large town and still growing. Rie had never seen expansion this fast—or successful. But the rumors were already spreading.
The [Emperor] of the Unseen Empire had traded his physical eyes for the ability to see all things. He could speak the tongue of beasts, and could tell if you were lying. He even allowed untrustworthy [Witches], evil Goblins, and more onto his lands because he didn’t fear them…
