7.55 E
Page 0

(The Wandering Inn is on break until November 3rd for the author’s hands! November 7th for non-Patreon readers. See you then!) 
 
Here’s a fun fact for you that I learned today: people are really scared of little girls.
Okay, I was aware of this. There’s…commonalities between worlds. For instance, I’m aware of evil little twins being a staple in horror movies. But while I was aware that ‘scary little kid’ was a horror trope, I wasn’t conscious of that fact. It was like knowing a tomato is technically a fruit, or something.
It never personally affected me. Because I, Laken Godart, am blind. And the idea of a strangely creepy girl standing in my hallway at night? Not really as scary. I’d just walk into her, or more accurately, bump into her with my cane if it wasn’t my house.
I don’t get it. Anyone standing in a hallway at night in my home when they’re not supposed to be there is scary. I think it’s the entire effect.
All this to say that the visual component of horror is lost on me. One of the reasons why horror movies aren’t great is that, in a silent scene, where suspense is allegedly building? I can’t see whatever’s making everyone else so nervous.
Not that I can’t understand fear. It’s just a difference in how you have to scare me. And there’s lots of scary stuff, like dogs off their leashes, losing your way and having no idea where the hell you are—
That was me when I first met Durene. Now of course, I have ‘landsense’, or perhaps ‘[Emperor]-sense’? Durene called it that the other day and I’m not a fan.
But here I am. Sitting, listening to about, oh, two hundred individual complaints brought to me as a whole by Mister Prost. About creepy girls. To be more precise:
[Witches].
“Your Majesty, it’s—it’s not just nerves. No one who’s seen ‘em at night gets a good night’s sleep, and that’s with your Skill sire, begging your pardon.”
“Creepy little [Witch] girls, Mister Prost?”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
The things that an [Emperor] has to deal with…but the [Witches] are an exception, not just me being hands-on.
Witches and Goblins. Two unique…allies? Groups that are part of the Unseen Empire. I believe it’s for the best. My people have reservations.
And to be fair, Belavierr and the Goblin raids did happen. No one should demand that people who’ve lost family or friends to Goblins should welcome them or be expected to forgive. It’s just…
Arguments. Which I’ve had with Durene, Rie, Beniar, two thirds of my advisors. And that group has expanded of late. So when I turn my head, it’s expectantly.
“Witch Eloise, Witch Hedag, do you have anything to say on the—‘creepy little [Witches]’ topic?”
I hear a booming laugh. It’s Hedag and Eloise who represent the [Witches] on my council. They accepted when asked and obviously, they were my first choices. Mavika refused and—it’s honestly for the best. But the [Witches] need representation, especially here. I want them to be more than bound by a pact.
I think I’m doing well. Or they’d tell me otherwise. [Witches] can be both enigmatic—and refreshingly direct. And in this case…
“I think your [Steward]’s fears have merit, Emperor Godart. Or should I say—I’m certain? But it isn’t something solved in a moment. It ties to witchcraft—and we are not of their covens.”
That comes from Eloise. I actually stir.
“Really?”
And here I thought people were being paranoid. But Hedag’s chuckling.
“Oh, your Majesty, we’ve no doubt of it. But it’s one thing to know and another to see, isn’t it?”
“It is indeed, Witch Hedag. Something of a problem with me, isn’t it?”
