7.55 E
Page 16
“I think I do. Amazing. Goblin cooking is…no, that can’t be right. I haven’t heard of rice—Lady Rie, do you know what ‘rice’ is?”
“It’s…a Balerosian plant, your Majesty. I’ve had it in some dishes…”
“Aha! We should grow some if possible. It’s quite good. Well, I pronounce a Goblin’s cooking as excellent! Even nostalgic!”
The [Emperor] actually had the audacity to open his eyes just so he could wink. And didn’t that drive Lady Rie insane? He was from Baleros? Or was it a trick? But how had he known what—
“Is there anything you would like us to do, your Majesty? Or should we continue investigating the dig site to the northwest?”
Laken was investigating every underground spot or strange location in a radius around Riverfarm and they were sixteen miles out so far. It wasn’t like every mile had something unique in it. The [Emperor] held up a hand as Gamel proffered a handkerchief.
“Perhaps if time allows, Captain Halrac. But I’d be most grateful if your team—and Pebblesnatch here—can accompany me to resolve a pressing matter in the Goblinlands. I hope with negotiation—and a friendly Goblin—we can find answers.”
The adventurers and Riverfarm’s people stirred. Laken Godart sensed Halrac’s head lift and the Gold-ranked [Captain] eyed him. Laken could not sense what was all in the Goblinlands of course, but he had some knowledge.
For instance, that the Goblins actually possessed the iron-ore deposit there which Riverfarm had begun trading for. Laken had a ‘view’ of both walls, which now encircled all of the Goblinlands with no gaps…and he had people who told him of the growing Goblin settlement.
Yet trouble continued. And Laken felt this one could be…concerning.
“What is the matter, your Majesty? And how may Griffon Hunt assist?”
Laken turned towards Pebblesnatch. The Cave Goblin slowly covered her face with her poofy hat.
“Nothing the Goblins have done, Captain Halrac. It’s just…I do believe there are more of them. A lot more. I’d rather like to know how they got there.”
The Gold-rank team stirred. So did Lady Rie, the entourage, the people of Riverfarm—they all stared at the Cave Goblin pretending to take a nap. Halrac closed his eyes.
“Ah. A good question, your Majesty.”
 
—-
 
A second Goblin tribe had arrived in the night. They had gone into the Goblinlands—over the Human’s walls and been admitted by the Goblin’s walls.
A…fundamental flaw of Riverfarm’s hard work of months was that they had never considered that Goblins might want into the very lands they had worked so hard to safeguard.
This tribe was a medium-sized tribe for the area. In other words, around three times as large as the original Flooded Waters tribe had been; roughly the same size as they had been after Rags took over and before assimilating other tribes.
However, to the more senior Goblins, this tribe represented more than just…other Goblins. Raidpear and Leafarmor of the Redfangs, Ulvama of the Mountain City tribe, and a Flooded Waters tribe [Mining Leader] by the name of Sparkstones were the four Goblins who gathered to meet the Chieftain.
Sparkstones was female, incidentally, and had been part of the Goldstone tribe, whose members even now held positions of respect for their technical knowledge, if not combat or strategic or magical prowess. Pyrite had taught his tribe well.
And she knew this tribe.
“Greystone Tribe.”
She looked at the Chieftain, a surly Hob who smelled of soot and iron to Ulvama. And indeed—his was another mining tribe. The first thing he’d asked was about Pyrite.
“Goldstone Chieftain dead.”
“Dead?”
