7.55 E
Page 36
A susurration of sound. Laken’s skin began to prick with nerves. As far as he knew—Lady Rie was occupied. Prost had that job. And this area was being watched. He’d deployed the Blacksky Riders to keep everyone five miles away from the forest.
But this—the air felt thick. It was only late noon, but the shadows of the canopy seemed to thicken.
The glade had been breezeless. Now, a low wind blew up around the sitting [Witches]. Laken spotted Nanette’s figure, whispering with the others. He could not see her face and he didn’t want to interrupt Durene to tell him what his landsense couldn’t.
“Veltras, Veltras. Poisoned be, reveal to me.”
Now, the inner circle moved. Eloise sat in the center. She raised something and gazed into it.
A tea cup. Of course. But the contents were swirling. And Laken saw tea leaves moving about, forming shapes, as he walked along the edge of the ritual. Durene hurried after him.
[Tea Omens]. Whatever Eloise saw made her grimace.
“Fennel root.”
Her voice was normal—the whispering in the background died down. Mavika handed it to her.
“I see sweat and labored breath. Coughing which does not cease. Paleness about the lips. Blood on the cloth.”
She announced the first symptoms. Eloise nodded. Wiskeria’s eyes flickered.
“Fever. But the coughing…”
“I will fight it. Sage’s Grass. A brew to eat away at anything made of arsenic, first.”
The [Witches] murmured their acknowledgement. Laken heard voices, speculating.
“…Basilisk’s root, perhaps…”
“What do they smell of, Mavika?”
“Incontinence and foulness, like the gas from swamps.”
The [Crow Witch] was watching elsewhere. Eloise was—half-listening. She shook her head. Turned up the heat by putting one of the small pots on a burner. She made tea in the second. Or so Durene whispered to Laken, and that was one of the smells he caught.
“A cure all?”
Oliyaya’s voice was surprisingly normal for when it wasn’t cackling. Laken asked Durene to describe what—if anything was unusual about Oliyaya.
“Her—hands.”
“To see what magnitude of poison we are working with. It should narrow it down…now, to test it. Witch Oliyaya, to you.”
Eloise’s voice was quiet. She turned and handed the first of three brews to Oliyaya. Laken frowned. Had she made the cure already?
No—this was the essence of divination Eloise had meant. The whispering began again.
“Veltras, a cure for Veltras—”
“Show me your fate.”
The [Witch] spoke. Then she laughed. It was sudden—high-pitched, mad laughter. Durene jumped and grabbed Laken.
“Death! No chance at all!”
She tossed the pot’s contents to the ground. Laken heard the sizzle as whatever it was met the flames. The other [Witches] murmured.
“Next!”
The second brew made Oliyaya hesitate.
“A flicker of life among the weeds. A single moment in a hundred.”
“And that was the cure-all. More potent than we thought.”
A [Witch] sitting next to Wiskeria murmured. Laken was fascinated. The third brew?
“Death, again!”
Oliyaya discarded the contents. The apprentice-[Witches] murmured as Eloise began to prepare her brews anew. Oliyaya sat back.
“One more chance I have yet to see.”
“Then take this. A bezoar’s gift. It will surely fail if the [Assassins] know their craft. But how do they die?”
Mavika handed her something. Oliyaya took it and shook her head.
“The bezoar’s gift in vain. Even with it—the [Lords] wane.”
Laken Godart was fascinated. So this was divination. But how did it work? He heard some of the younger [Witches] asking that very question, witnessing the true Skill and skill of their elders.
“I sense a Skill amid this. Break the chains, Eloise.”
