7.55 E
Page 4
Wiskeria. I nod. This is why you have talented people on your side. People who’re right for the moment. Wiskeria squares her shoulders, adjusts her spectacles, and begins rolling up the sleeves of her robe as she secures her hat. I wait for her to break the younger [Witches]’s spell or—
“Enough, girls!”
She sprints at the [Witches] and they shriek and run off. I sense them scatter as Wiskeria chases them, calling out all manner of curses—verbal ones—if they don’t come here right now.
“Er…was that a particularly witchy move, Witch Eloise?”
Rie’s voice sounds a bit strangled. Hedag chuckles.
“Nothing for stopping a good scare spell than smacking a head or two, Miss Rie. Wiskeria knows her craft. Let’s head back now we’ve convinced yon [Emperor] there’s something to be scared of, eh?”
 
—-
 
Witchcraft is a strange thing. Sometimes it seems so ordinary. Like Agratha sweeping up honey but leaving it pure. Other times it’s dark and magical. But it always makes sense.
Like—Wiskeria chasing off the girls by hitting them with a broom until they stop casting the fear spells? It makes sense because that’s the least-scary thing I can think of. Also, very practical.
“The issue is that each coven, and each [Witch] is a law unto herself, Emperor Godart. Apprentices are apprentices even so, but—”
“—but if you start telling them their craft, their mentor objects. I have it precisely, Witch Eloise. I’m only curious of two things. Why are they doing it? Not just for fun, it seems. And how much trouble will there be if they’re forced to stop?”
A murmur of conversation among the other [Witches]. I’ve dismissed most of the council for the night. Prost is here as always, Rie, Wiskeria, Hedag, and Eloise. Durene needed a lie down and some time at the pub after that scare.
Joining us, though, are three more senior [Witches]. The one who replies is very technical with that…that…teacher-y voice. A tone of command, really. And of making you feel as though you’re always in the wrong.
“To be precise, Emperor Laken, the young [Witches] are practicing their chosen specialty. It just so happens that the thing they make their spells out of in this stage of their careers is, regrettably, fear.”
“Ah. I thought so.”
Scary little girls. And because they’re [Witches], they know they’re terrifying and use it to fuel their magic, like Mavika uses fear, Alevica uses resentment and loathing—
“Like Witch Alevica? I haven’t seen her around. I trust she’s doing well?”
A susurration. The other [Witches] don’t like Alevica much, at least, Agratha doesn’t.
“It would be—regrettable—if the young [Witches] try to emulate Witch Alevica. They hold her in some esteem. We are trying to guide them onto the right path, your Majesty, but their teacher is Witch Oliyaya.”
“Ah. Her.”
I don’t think I’ve ever heard her speak. Nor did she introduce herself. She’s one of the reasons why people imagine [Witches] would want to live in a camp outside of Riverfarm instead of in houses. And indeed—Oliyaya does. Or in a tree, or a swamp hut…I’m rather glad of it. The only time I’ve ever heard her is when she started laughing manically.
“Like Witch Mavika, it seems.”
Another delicate pause. Another witch, Rebeca, another one like Agratha—a teacher, replies quickly.
“Ah, but your Majesty, Mavika is even older magic. She has a flock. Her example isn’t fair to use. Witch Agratha, Devay, and I are attempting to create a school of magic for young [Witches], but those like Oliyaya complicate matters. We would be all too willing to intercede on the Unseen Empire’s behalf, of course…”
