7.55 E
Page 33
Someone was sick? Oh no! But they could cure them—but they couldn’t because of [Assassins], whatever that was. Some kind of…of…monster? Evil Humans?
Pebblesnatch listened to Ulvama shouting furiously behind her. You know, if she was more kindly disposed towards this [Emperor], and if Ulvama was less irate—and if Pebblesnatch had the lexicon to express herself—she would have told Laken that Ulvama was great at healing stuff.
She could cure Pebblesnatch-induced food poisoning, Goblins who got sick from mushrooms—she was really good at it! Too bad Laken Godart wasn’t able to order Ulvama around like his subjects.
Still…maybe this was Pebblesnatch’s big chance? Ulvama could cure this person, everyone would be happy, and Pebblesnatch, after taking her due credit, would be so beloved she’d get enough ingredients to make anything she wanted! The Humans would let the Goblins go into the empire and there’d be no need for all these walls!
Then maybe the sad little [Witch] and Pebblesnatch could be friends. The Cave Goblin began to slither out of her tower to begin this chain of events. She’d learned this kind of optimism from Erin Solstice, incidentally. Cave Goblins didn’t usually have such convoluted plans of things going right.
As Pebblesnatch hopped along the Goblin’s wall, waving and shouting at the oblivious [Emperor] in the distance, she saw someone picking her way towards the duo, having bypassed the escort waiting politely behind. Laken Godart held up a hand and there…Pebblesnatch saw an old Human woman with a hat walking towards him, with a basket in one arm.
Oh. One of the [Witches]. The tea-[Witch]. Pebblesnatch began to climb down, undeterred. Then—something swooped out of the skies, making her duck.
A raven alighted on a branch over the [Emperor]’s head, cawed once, and turned into Mavika. Pebblesnatch froze. What’s this, now? The [Emperor] motioned Gamel away. He turned—and Pebblesnatch watched in fascination.
 
—-
 
It doesn’t take them long to get to me. Well, we walk for about twenty minutes and Gamel’s mandatory escort of some of the Blacksky Riders is shadowing us—but they wouldn’t stop a fellow member of the Unseen Empire, would they?
Witch Eloise is gathering herbs. Mavika’s appearance is more dramatic.
“Your Majesty?”
Gamel’s caught off-guard, but I just nod.
“Gamel, I’ve been expecting them. Keep the Blacksky Riders from noticing them. Say I’m…meditating. Collecting my thoughts. I’ll signal you when it’s time.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
He hurries off. Good man, Gamel. He doesn’t ask questions. I sigh, and turn to Witch Eloise.
“So what do we call that? Tug up for ‘smile’ or ‘yes’, tug down for ‘no’, and spin your hat around for…”
“I had to be obvious, your Majesty. I do apologize.”
Eloise actually blushes a bit. She was making all kinds of mad signs while she told me to my face that she wouldn’t risk her neck. I nod.
“Witch Mavika. Are Wiskeria and Hedag not coming?”
The two older [Witches] look at each other and shrug.
“Neither one need participate. We are the [Witches] who matter here, Emperor Godart. Did you notice the malice coming from your [Lady] sworn?”
Mavika’s tone is brusque. I nod.
“Ah. I wondered if you could sense that. Lady Rie…is not all she seems, is she?”
“Few people are. I’m quite glad your Majesty did not need to be told. Well, better the [Spy] you know. I was reluctant to speak more in that place, Emperor Godart. Not that our intuition proves anything.”
Mavika jerked her head, clearly of a different mind. Eloise shot her a quick glance.
