7.55 E
Page 30
Don’t overplay your hand. Rie shut up. Gralton rumbled as he sat back and tossed the bone to the fighting pack of dogs, who raced outside after it. Rie was grateful that Prost closed the door.
“The Circle of Thorns. Well, that’s the second time they’ve intersected with Riverfarm in a meaningful way.”
Rie felt perspiration begin to touch at her neck and back. Did he mean…?
“Witch Mavika, is this the same group that attacked your coven? Wiskeria’s?”
Oh. Rie relaxed a bit. Mavika nodded. Her voice wasn’t a hiss, but it was low, intent, as was her posture. Like a bird eying a rival.
“They named themselves that. As if it were to strike fear into the coven. So they said. The ones I hunted said little of value. They were tools.”
She killed the Ranks. Low-grade [Assassins] which the Guild could replace. At very little cost. No doubt they’d swarmed the poor [Witches] of Wiskeria and Mavika’s coven. Rie bit her lip.
When she was one of the Petals, the highest position on the Circle’s inner council, she’d apply more finesse and grace to how they handled things. Sometimes the Circle was a delicate kiss, other times all the elegance of a sledgehammer on a hand. The inner members were a varied lot in styles.
“Then it seems the [Witches] owe the Circle a grudge. As for Riverfarm? The Unseen Empire has no personal issue with any particular noble—and few favors as well. House Radivaek and House Byres are our allies. Lord Tyrion’s house is…affiliated. But I don’t know if I owe him any favors. That’s my stance.”
The [Emperor] calmed down a bit. Lady Valerund exhaled silently. Good, he was being logical. That was wh—
“However. Anyone who stoops to poisoning children and hostage-taking is as good as an enemy. How would you trust someone like that?”
Damn! And everyone was nodding along, including Rie. Prost, Durene—well, they were righteous [Farmers]. Wiskeria believed in law, which was commendable, but foolish, Eloise was smiling and doing that obnoxious tip of the hat.
And Hedag? Oh, Rie rolled her eyes as the [Witch] with the axe laughed.
“Well said, Emperor! But if words were deeds, we’d not need for the Hedag. Do you intend to swing at this Circle? For you’ve surely seen what happens when the axe comes the other way. The Drake’s fires are louder than the [Assassin]’s blade. But the other will come for Riverfarm.”
“Well put, Witch Hedag. Emperor Godart, I encourage you to think over this matter. I would not wish to endanger Riverfarm—or put one of our [Witch] allies to undue risk! Which I assure you will come if we enter this situation unguarded!”
Rie jumped in a touch breathily. Laken’s head swung towards her.
“I’m well aware that the Drake [Infiltrators] were a direct result of our attack on Liscor, Lady Rie. Neither am I ignorant of the dangers of [Assassins].”
Oh, but you are! You have no idea how the Guild’s best can operate! Rie wished she’d told Laken more, now. A Level 50 [Assassin] could walk into Riverfarm and leave nothing living. Perhaps one of the [Witches] could fight someone like that. But this was not how it was supposed to go!
“Lord Veltras is calling for any favor he can, your Majesty. However, the fact remains that in order to cure his sons, an antidote for a poison that is unknown is needed! Someone must go to House Veltras, to the west. And the only specialist I could name in Riverfarm with that level of knowledge would be…”
She glanced to one side. And everyone looked at the old [Lady] with the cup of tea. Rie nodded at Eloise. But what she was really thinking was—
