7.55 E
Page 11
True and false. True and false. But it was certainly true that being able to monitor all his lands meant that there was little fear of [Bandits]. They kept coming—and [Thieves] too. Laken would find Beniar in the middle of the night and tell him, oh, two hundred [Bandits] were coming here, or a [Thief] had just broken into a house—would you mind dealing with them?
A Skill worthy of an [Emperor]. Rie was jealous. It also made working in secret very hard. She’d been trying to figure out how to induct members of the Circle of Thorns and eventually concluded it had to be done outside of Riverfarm entirely; she had nearly, nearly tried to use a secret basement, right up until she’d learned Laken Godart could see under the ground as well.
That kind of thing gave her ulcers. What else was he hiding? Who was he? And why, oh, why was he so willing to allow Goblins a second chance?
It was an enduring mystery about him. Rie had thought Laken was mad. But apparently, madness was spreading.
 
—-
 
The Goblinlands of Riverfarm had been contentious the moment the first Goblin’s prisoner wagon had rolled into the village. There had been threats. Arguments. People had left over their presence.
They were Goblins. But the [Emperor] had insisted. The Goblins had made a wall. Riverfarm had made a wall.
They had nearly been killed in a standoff that had ended with an angry [Cook] and a ladle. People had first been outraged—then paranoid—then suspicious…
After months, they were—not okay with it. Not at all! If you struck up the right person with conversation, they’d rant about how [Emperor] Godart’s one flaw aside from maybe the [Witches] and his thing about brick streets was Goblins.
But the fire of hatred had been replaced by, well, experience. Not acceptance. You stared at Goblins for long enough as they built their walls, you stayed awake all night holding the sword and watching for them to slip over and slit all your throats to no avail…and slowly the [Emperor] got his way. Hatred became sullen acceptance, which was still a complete willingness to kick all the Goblins out if Laken changed his mind.
And then had come Griffon Hunt. And everything changed again.
The little, grey-skinned Goblin had a poofy hat. This was a fact. You could take the hat off the Goblin if you were fast enough, but she’d probably bite you and hit you with her ladle.
The [Cook] had to have a hat. And Pebblesnatch, the Goblin [Cook], was cooking.
It was a variant of something she’d once heard Erin talking about. Nothing fancy. Pebblesnatch was not a fancy [Cook]. She was young, even as Goblins measured their craft and still learning.
Here was how it went if she could remember it right: you had chicken stock. Which was not, in fact, chicken in your soup like Pebblesnatch’s first three experiments had yielded.
You soaked chicken in liquid and let it release…chicken essence. Pebblesnatch had worked with the fermenting expert, Holdnose, and the chicken stock tasted good. Just in case—Pebblesnatch had added tiny bits of cut up chicken to the broth. Because why not? It was her recipe.
Next—a bit of flour. Erin said ‘corn starch’, but Pebblesnatch had stared at corn for a long time and not found any white stuff. So—flour. You could put flour in soups.
The other bits were easier. Some wild garlic from the Goblinlands. And ginger! The two roots came from Ulvama’s stocks, actually. Pebblesnatch had seized them while Ulvama wasn’t looking. Two bumps on her head attested to the sacrifice paid for good ingredients.
