7.55 E
Page 22
That was the closing argument. And a good one. If Erin Solstice could accept the Goblins were in a better place—Numbtongue had lost his friends, his tribe—his team at the Siege of Liscor. And the person behind part of that army was here. Halrac wondered what he might do.
“…Fine. Let’s go tell this [Emperor]. And—not a word about Erin Solstice. We don’t tell her, we don’t tell him. If we’re keeping confidences, we do it both ways.”
“Fair enough.”
The others sighed as Halrac led the way back to Riverfarm. That was an adventurer’s brand of honesty for you—as honest as it got, anyways. Revi stretched.
“How much loot do you think’s buried around here, anyways?”
“We got that [Thief]’s Chest of Holding opened. It was trapped. Apparently it’s got scrolls. We’re entitled to a pick—no doubt General Wiskeria will want some, but there is apparently an intact [Firestorm] scroll in there.”
“No way. Really?”
Briganda turned to Typhenous eagerly. The [Plague Mage] saw Halrac turn his head.
“Typhenous, we’ll aim for that. You’ll be in charge of it. Not Briganda. Don’t let her touch one.”
“Halrac! I was young!”
“What happened?”
“It was before your time, Revi. Briganda burned down our camp and half a forest.”
“I—didn’t know you could activate them by speaking while holding it! I didn’t open it or anything!”
And now they were going to get a scroll and more loot they’d hopefully dig up. The Gold-rank team thought about that.
“You know, Lady Valerund told me that if we could pull in another Gold-rank team she’d make it worth our while. Think we could get any more? Or do we not want to share?”
Revi glanced at the others. Halrac thoughtfully watched a bunch of birds flitting from branch to branch. Now, if this was Liscor, they’d be too terrified to sing…
“Certainly, at some point it would be refreshing to have another Gold-rank team here, in case we run into another Creler nest or a considerable threat. Riverfarm is growing and where there’s this much industry, threats tend to pop up…”
Typhenous comment elicited a wary nod from Briganda. She gestured at her belt.
“But—loot, Typhenous. We’re pulling it in.”
“Obviously, we can wait. But if we were to tell another team…”
The [Shield Maiden] blinked and then smiled.
“…They’d owe us a favor. Smart. A big one too, for a plush job like that.”
All the Gold-ranks nodded. Oh yes. There was such a thing as debts and this—far from being the no-pay, grunt-work job they’d assumed—was a wealthy job with minimal danger and high reward. A team might owe them a lot of favor for something like this.
Like…enough favor to join them on a quest to investigate a Dragon. Not that a Belt of Strength and some Boots of Stability were enough for that. Halrac was trying to figure out how you blocked dragonbreath when you didn’t even know which type. Fire was presumable from what a certain [Innkeeper] had said, but did you want to take that risk?
“Favors, right. Who might we tell? The Horns? The Halfseekers?”
Revi rubbed her hands together eagerly. Halrac made a sound.
“They’re hardly the only teams we know. And they’re not the most professional. We could reach out to some established teams.”
“If it’s Todi, I’ll take off my ears before I have to listen to him on shared duty—”
“Todi’s at the bottom of the list, Revi. I’d rather take a good Silver-rank team first. Or a new Gold-rank team.”
“Good. So…? Briganda?”
“The Onyx Bucklers. Um, who’s professional? Damn—I heard Kerimane disbanded his team…”
“We’ll talk about it. I doubt any team off Izril would want to come all the way here—”
