7.55 E
Page 9
Master Helm, the [Blacksmith] of Windrest, was here. When he probably should have been at work. But the man was newly-promoted to his position and seemed to feel that he should be here. He’d either calm down or Prost would take him aside to tell him that Laken preferred he do what needed doing; he’d be summoned at need be.
Gamel shifted, keeping a lookout for migrating swallows, monsters, or anything else that might trouble Laken. Durene was walking along, snacking—Rie eyed her as she crunched noisily on some popcorn.
“Want some, Laken?”
“No thank you, Durene. Ryoka’s friends are greatly interesting to me, Lady Rie. I don’t know them myself. But I consider their visit to be as important as any noble’s. Let’s ask about Liscor—if they leave now, they might still be too late. They certainly will be if they moved as slowly as we did. Can we arrange for one of the coaches that go across Izril?”
Rie had to think.
“They stop at Liscor, certainly, unless it’s flooded, your Majesty. Perhaps that’s what Miss Griffin is counting on.”
“Flooded? Wait, Lord Veltras mentioned that and it was damned muddy when we were there…oh, the rains. But I didn’t think that meant it flooded.”
The [Emperor] had to be told about Liscor’s odd weather patterns. He was interested in Liscor—but better at compartmentalizing than he had been.
“Lady Rie, please prepare any notes on Liscor. I know enough about the city from the siege…but not enough, it seems. We’ll discuss it tonight.”
“Of course, your Majesty.”
Rie smiled. Another opportunity to talk privately with Laken Godart and learn more—as well as ingratiate herself. She saw Durene grunt and eye her, but all the [Paladin] did was cram more popcorn into her mouth.
It was Master Helm who volunteered, with voice-cracking nervousness, an important factoid.
“Your—your Majesty! I think there’s a faster way from Liscor to Riverfarm—at least it’d make it a sight shorter, if you’ll forgive me speaking up!”
“Master Helm? Go on.”
Laken turned and the [Smith] found himself at the center of attention. Master Helm, who could cheerfully handle hot steel and shout orders to apprentices in the center of his village, turned beet red with stage fright.
“Er—sire—it’s er—something I’ve heard second-hand, mind. But I um—it comes from Liscor. That is to say, I heard from Halrac there’s a door there. Magic. Connects to Invrisil—never seen it myself, but—”
Laken, who had politely been listening to the confused reply, glanced up instantly. Or his head rose while his eyes stayed shut.
“A magic door?”
Lady Rie had heard the same rumor. It had been one of those things she’d dismissed as not being able to seperate truth from rumor—but Helm’s retort made her check through her notes.
“I heard the same thing, your Majesty. It seems hardly possible—but I did hear Lady Magnolia used a door to get from Invrisil to Liscor in a day. I thought it was a limited artifact but apparently—there’s a door of teleportation that can take you across the continent in a moment.”
“Remarkable. Is it a relic? Could we get one?”
The [Emperor] was fascinated, as well he should be. Rie pursed her lips.
Magnolia. The name had been sour on her tongue, especially in light of recent events. The woman had more lives than a cat. She had been seconds away from being ended and Lord Tyrion Veltras had let her escape.
