7.55 E
Page 25
“It’s not bad here. Really. We’re all divided up into factions, but we see each other regularly. Wistram—it’s like a bunch of different groups, all fighting over how to do the same thing. Aaron was the first. Aaron Vanwell. He’s Blackmage.”
“What’s he like?”
“…He’s never left Wistram. I don’t think he gets it when we talk about monsters. But he’s a good guy. Younger than I thought, Cara too. He’s about, oh, nineteen? I think the last count was that there were around forty one of us—about half are over eighteen, the rest under. It’s really split. We have a girl—a kid. She popped into—we have this therapy session because when she arrived…”
Ryoka listened with Erin as Elena spoke. Sending a message to the first person she could chat to on the outside world. Erin looked at Ryoka and unspoken—the thought flashed between the two.
They had to do something. Even if it was only to help. And that was because Erin was Erin and…Palt thought the exposure to the outside was good for the Earthers trapped in Wistram. Only—was it Elena being drawn to the outside, or the outside being drawn into Wistram?
Palt wondered what the Elusive Lot’s game was. He had told Ryoka and Erin you could trust them, and you could! They were practical, loyal to some degree, and intelligent. But they were still a faction of Wistram. He wondered if their end goal was to really get Elena out…or reel someone else in.
 
—-
 
A snuffing, panting thing comes up to me to investigate. I hold still.
What do blind men and Runners have in common? We don’t like strange dogs off their leashes. But then again…I scratch at the huge Aldasian warhound’s head and it makes a happy noise.
I do like dogs. And guide dogs are a wonderful companion for some of my friends. Anyways, the [Lord] who brought this pack here gave me some of his love of animals.
Lord Gralton Radivaek, surly and even oafish to anyone that walks on two legs—friends to furry, four-legged animals everywhere. Even cats. But he doesn’t breed cats.
“There you go. Good fellow. He’s blind so don’t run about. That’s Draugmot. Named him after a Draug his mother brought down.”
“Dead gods, he’s huge, Gralton! His Majesty should not be in—would you call off this—this chaos?”
Lady Rie sounds exasperated and put upon; she’s trying to hold her ground as a dozen dogs mill around her.
Some of my subjects are watching from far, far away. And I can understand why.
Packs of dogs can be a terrifying thing if they turn on you. And these dogs? Some are smaller, like smart terriers or, well, a griffon-dog that Gralton brought who’s currently surrounded by Griffon Hunt. But some are Aldasian warhounds, or part-wolf mixes that are probably as big as actual wolves from my world due to magic and the variance in dog breeds.
“Stop barking at me, Rie. His Majesty told me to come over whenever I felt like it. We’re allies. And I’ve brought him a gift.”
Gralton growls back; I hear muffled laughter from the side.
“Lord—Lord Gralton! This one won’t stop climbing on me!”
Durene is gently trying to remove a huge puppy trying to lick at her face. Gralton laughs and it’s a pleasant thing to hear.
Dogs. Nearly four dozen dogs, of many different breeds. Gralton stormed into Riverfarm an hour ago, as I was waiting for Griffon Hunt to investigate the Goblin situation. And guess what?
“So they’re all for Riverfarm, Lord Gralton? To what do I owe this pleasure? And I’ll happily accept this gift. But why exactly?”
