7.55 E
Page 14
Some of the other breakfasters looked up sharply and Revi earned a smack on the back of her head from Briganda.
“Don’t joke about that.”
“Sorry, sorry! Ah, my eye!”
One popped out of its sockets and landed as a bit of cloth in Revi’s bowl. Cade began choking on his spoonful of soup as Revi reached for her eye. Briganda immediately helped him spit up into his bowl.
“Sorry. Anyways, what do we think? We have to tell her, right?”
Revi looked around as she washed her eye in her water cup and put it back in its socket. Pebblesnatch listened with half an ear; she was three-bowls down and currently coma-ing.
“The problem, Revi, is that you were indelicate, but completely correct.”
Typhenous sat back with a sigh. He looked around Riverfarm.
“…And I cannot imagine her attitude will earn her much sympathy around here. Even if we’re doing our best.”
He gestured to Pebblesnatch. Revi grinned.
“Erin won’t care.”
“That’s the problem.”
Halrac growled. After a second, Griffon Hunt all nodded. That was right.
Pebblesnatch was here. So were other Goblins from the Siege of Liscor. Laken Godart had been responsible for the trebuchets that had assailed Liscor. It made sense from the Human perspective. The Great Chieftain Tremborag, Goblin Lords, history with the Drakes, and all that.
But…would Erin Solstice see it that way? They had met Pebblesnatch a while back. And still, they hadn’t [Messaged] Erin to say, ‘hey, we found your Cave Goblin friend, want to pick her up?’
Revi had wanted to on the first day, in the first hour. It had been Halrac and Typhenous who predicted that it might lead to…issues.
Such as Erin Solstice punching an [Emperor]. Such as Erin Solstice leading a Goblin rebellion to mutual bloodshed. Such as Erin Solstice doing anything that she had in the past. Including marshaling Numbtongue to lead a one-Goblin, one-[Innkeeper] raid on Riverfarm that might pull in monsters like Saliss of Lights or…any of her friends.
You could see Erin getting away in Liscor with that—if only because of her history. But Laken Godart? No one wanted to risk it.
So here they sat. Griffon Hunt watched as the Cave Goblin, groaning, lay on the floor on her back. Cade dangled his legs at the table, staring at the Goblin. She wasn’t the monster his Box of Wonders had produced. His mother had tried to explain—some Goblins were evil, but not this one.
That was how the [Emperor] found them. Laken Godart paused in the doorway as everyone sprang to their feet.
“Is…that Goblin well? I’m sensing she’s lying on her back.”
“Bloated, your Majesty. Not dead.”
Rie murmured in his ear. Laken relaxed.
“Ah, good.”
“Your Majesty. Is something amiss?”
Halrac rose to his feet. He was more accustomed to Laken after a week or two of living in Riverfarm. Certainly—Griffon Hunt was willing to call Laken ‘your Majesty’ and stick around for the dirty work.
It had paid off. Briganda adjusted her new belt—which was actually an extremely old Belt of Strength. It made Briganda’s already threatening grip and swing far more intimidating.
And fun fact about good artifacts; it didn’t just enhance her arm muscles, but her back, her legs, everything. Briganda could do a backflip with it on. Or do most of one with armor on; and face plant much to her son’s amusement.
Boots and a belt. Griffon Hunt had taken their cut of the secret escape room they’d found on the first day and the boots were on Halrac’s feet. Typhenous and Revi had both wanted them—and Briganda, again—but they turned out to be non-resizable so they’d only fit Halrac. And even then, they were a bit too big even for his feet.
