7.55 E
Page 39
“Secrets, Lady Rie! Secrets have a tendency to get out. I only hope the Circle of Thorns will…direct their ire elsewhere.”
“Your Majesty?”
She blinked a few times. Not that Laken could know this. The [Emperor] sighed as he turned back to face Lady Rie.
“Of course, as soon as Eloise reveals the cure—if she can, rather—I intend to tell Lord Veltras. But it stops there. Eloise has told me herself that she probably lacks the ingredients to manufacture the cure. And even if she made it—who would pick it up?”
“I—I see. So you intend to provide Lord Veltras with knowledge of the antidote—this is clever, your Majesty! And well thought-out! I believe it may work!”
The [Lady] grew excited again; audible relief in her voice. Laken nodded solemnly.
“It’s all Riverfarm can do. As you said, there’s no point in making the Circle of Thorns my enemy yet.”
Truth and truth. Smile. The [Emperor] paused.
“I wonder if the Circle will think of it that way.”
Lady Rie Valerund sat there. That she did not reply was due to many thoughts running through her head. Chief among them was that she was the only person whom Laken Godart was speaking to about his plans regarding the Circle of Thorns. Then again—she was the only really qualified person here besides perhaps Eloise, and the [Witch] was busy.
Then again—was it a ploy, or genuine, or…? But Lady Rie’s indecision only lasted a moment. After all, you had to tell the truth. So she sighed.
“I cannot imagine, Emperor Laken. Truly, one can’t predict what the Circle of Thorns might do as a whole. But—I should imagine that this is the most Riverfarm can do without arousing their full wrath.”
“That was what I thought, Lady Rie. We’ll have to see, of course. I’ll put the Unseen Empire on alert. But I thought you should know first. I value your counsel.”
“Thank you, your Majesty. As you know, I have every wish that the Unseen Empire prosper—with my help, small as it may be.”
The [Emperor] smiled again. Then, Durene crashed through the front door.
“They found it! Oh, hullo, Rie.”
 
—-
 
Later that day, Tyrion Veltras, disheveled, unkempt, rose as his [Majordomo] burst into the bedroom unannounced. The [Lord] rose from the bedsides where he had kept watch and Ullim whispered to him.
“—Certain? Can he—no.”
The [Lord] found a second wind just as the Circle of Thorns received a message that someone had complicated their plans. But—as their informant tried to assure them—not significantly!
The [Witch]’s recipe was a very complicated alchemical brew. Not unheard of—but meant to neutralize a five-poison blend. And it called for either Skills or alchemical ingredients so rare that she herself didn’t have them, mithril dust being the least rare by far.
And that was as far as it went. It was already more than enough. Tyrion Veltras rose from his vigil. One last chance. No longer did he need someone to come here.
The [Assassin] with the mask ducked back into her rooms as he bellowed an order.
“Send to First Landing! Send to other cities! Bring it here! By spell or beast or by horse or on foot!”
His private, desperate appeal between the noble houses of Izril became a public [Message]. Wistram picked it up.
A cure for House Veltras. Poison and treachery and two children’s lives. Who would hear it and dare the Guild of Assassins? Within the hour, Tyrion Veltras, who had waited so long and tried so much to no avail got his answer.
 
To Tyrion Veltras from First Landing, regarding Delivery of Cure request:
Your delivery has been accepted.
Couriers outbound.
 
 
 
 
