7.55 E
Page 8
The Elusive Lot laughed in the background. Ryoka saw Palt give her a nod as Kevin made a motion. With a resigned look, Palt handed out a spliff to beckoning hands. Erin scowled. Ryoka reached out and Erin smacked her hand down. Like hell Ryoka was going to turn down Palt, though.
Galei turned to Elena on their side of the call. He was a Centaur and he looked offended Elena even had to ask.
“What, communicate without anyone in Wistram knowing? My dear, half of the [Mages] in Wistram could do that. We’re the Elusive Lot. We could dance naked in the hallways while screaming secrets from Earth if we wanted!”
“…Do you?”
 
—-
 
Who is coming to the Summer Solstice party? I have no idea if Ryoka will succeed with her plan to get three of the Five Families—I don’t even know why she’s so convinced it’ll succeed.
But I’m still excited because I know someone is coming. Someone Ryoka told me about a long time ago, when we first met.
Her other friend from Earth. And for that alone, I’d roll out a red carpet. If we had one. We have carpets. They may be red?
“All the way from Liscor. But if they’re not on the way already, how can they get here? Ryoka seems convinced she can just run over and maybe she can, but her friends? Unless they have a magical carriage…”
That’s been bugging me all week. It took me ages to get back—true, we were escorting the Goblins in wagons, and that was the slowest trip you could organize—but it’s still a huge problem.
As it happens, today my answers come from the same source as my headaches.
Goblins.
 
—-
 
Laken Godart’s musings on guests for the mid-summer party, musings on his growing empire, and everything else, were idle thoughts.
But unlike everyone else in the world, at any given time he had at least a dozen people willing to listen, hear him out, and devote every waking minute they had to an idle question.
Such was the power of an [Emperor]. Instantly, Lady Rie signaled covertly to one of her attendants that they should get a [Message] spell to Miss Ryoka Griffin about that matter. Someone else produced a map and began calculating the average speed of people on horseback from Liscor to Riverfarm.
Laken Godart could, if he really wanted, know the airspeed velocity of the Izrilian swallow, laden, unladen, and even if it was a migratory bird. Terandrian swallows were harder of course, but he could probably find that out too.
“Your Majesty, we could send Beniar and the Darksky Riders to escort whomever it is, but only if we have ample time. These visitors—they’re important?”
Lady Rie was not privy to the Unseen Emperor’s every thought and confidence and she resented it. The [Lady] was an accomplished personage in her own right. Not extremely high-level in the [Lady] class, but still more than her level indicated.
She didn’t miss the fact that Durene gave Laken an excited look, or that he himself sometimes slipped up and referred to Ryoka’s ‘guests’ as ‘friends from home’. She didn’t have all the pieces, but she knew there was a puzzle and that was an important first step.
The [Emperor] took his time in replying. And his morning walkabout of Riverfarm meant all his advisors not currently at-work waited with him.
Prost wasn’t here. Nor was Beycalt, Master Ram—those were representatives of significant branches of Riverfarm’s talents. Master Ram for the [Farmers], [Herders], and so on. Beycalt responsible for construction—
