7.55 E
Page 38
Both in cure and symptom. Laken Godart had to leave after the eleventh try—already an hour and a half had passed.
“I think they’re narrowing it down. Tell me at once when they’re certain, Durene. No matter where.”
Oliyaya had gone from predicting ‘certain death’ to ‘a young man’s chance of taking a mortal wound’, to ‘the toss of a coin’. Of course, the [Witches] wouldn’t be satisfied until the cure was close to 100%…
…Although if the two boys were too sick, it might never be a certain thing. They’d find out. Meanwhile, Laken Godart decided to put the next part of the plan into motion.
“Lady Rie, thank you for coming on such short notice.”
She sat across from him warily, watching Laken Godart’s smile. The [Emperor] had summoned her and so Rie had come.
She was no fool, however. The sudden absence of every [Witch] in Riverfarm and Laken himself giving orders she was not privy to?
“Has something come up, your Majesty?”
“Just now. Excellent news, Lady Rie. I actually went after Witch Eloise to ask if there was anything more that could be done. She had no idea—but it was Witch Mavika who recalled an old magical ritual that might actually isolate the poison from afar.”
“An…old ritual, you say? Well, your Majesty. That is splendid news.”
The [Lady] smiled. So did the [Emperor].
“I asked them to begin at once, naturally. Eloise seems to believe there’s a chance. And this is so much less involved than risking life and limb, isn’t it?”
“…Absolutely, your Majesty. What a splendid idea. I am so glad Witch Mavika recalled a powerful magic such as this.”
The [Emperor] sighed. He stood up and, with casual certainty despite his closed eyes, turned his back to Rie to face the window in the room where they were sitting.
“It is. It is. And it is the right thing to do. Children should not be poisoned. That is despicable and heinous. We can all agree on that, despite the risks.”
“Of course, your Majesty.”
Rie Valerund watched the [Emperor]’s back. Grimly, he waited. He sensed, after a moment’s delay, an old [Mage] sitting outside tug once at his beard. Laken sighed.
“I’m glad you agree, Lady Rie. I truly am.”
“Was that a test, your Majesty?”
Lady Rie smiled, or at least put a smile into her voice. Laken laughed, a bit guiltily.
“Would you believe me if I said that sometimes I do have to check? After Sacra, you know, I gained a few Skills that help me learn how to hold my own in regards to truthfulness.”
A small sigh. Of relief?
“I thought so, your Majesty.”
“Well, I was hardly uncertain of you, Rie. I was just unsure if you thought it was wise to test the Circle of Thorns in this way?”
The [Lady] hesitated. She bit her lip and went on after a delicate pause.
“Truthfully, your Majesty? I fear what they might do if Witch Eloise aids Tyrion Veltras. The Circle of Thorns attacking the Unseen Empire—the thought of it terrifies me.”
Tug. Laken decided that while he’d keep a mental eye on Typhenous, Rie was too smart not to tell the truth. She went on as he nodded.
“While I am completely in favor of the sick children living if at all possible, I fear the reprisals. Riverfarm is not yet able to engage with this…Circle of Thorns, your Majesty. Or to move Izril at large.”
Nice way of putting it. Laken nodded a few times.
“It is tricky. However, as [Emperor], I had no choice at all, really, Lady Rie. If I could help and I did not? If I were Tyrion Veltras, I would never forgive such a thing.”
“I…can see that. Not that he would find out, surely?”
