7.55 E
Page 15
Boots of Stability. High-grade. If Briganda’s belt was, say, a five out of ten, Halrac’s were a seven on the ‘adventurer’s loot scale’. At first, everyone had assumed they were just Boots of Water Walking. Since you could walk on water with them.
As it turned out, you could walk on quicksand or mud with them and not sink too. Also, if someone rammed Halrac, like, say, Revi with a run-up, she’d just bounce off. Only Briganda could even budge Halrac with them on, and even then, not knock him down.
It wasn’t earthshattering equipment, but it was nice. Whomever the luckless person who’d died in there had been, it was pretty clear they’d been a [Rogue] or [Thief] of some sort. The kind of person who could steal something, backflip or climb over a wall, and run across a river to escape their opponents before hiding in their getaway secret lair and then run out of oxygen and die because the teleport spell broke.
And that was the first thing Griffon Hunt had investigated. The rest hadn’t been as wonderfully rich, but they’d discovered a small gold vein, uncovered two old nests of kleptomaniac animals and monsters—one with a little magic ring that Griffon Hunt had forfeited since Typhenous had a better Ring of Mana—all of which had earned them some share for investigating.
So when they considered telling Erin Solstice, it was carefully because this was a good thing and Griffon Hunt didn’t want to jeopardize it. And as it happened—
“The door in Invrisil?”
Halrac didn’t blink, but Revi traded a glance with the others that everyone, including Laken, noticed. The [Emperor] nodded.
“I have an interest in receiving some visitors through the magic door for a party during the summer solstice. Do you know about the door?”
“We—used it, yes, your Majesty. I don’t know if it could reach Riverfarm, but it can move within…four hundred miles of Liscor? We asked about it.”
Halrac glanced at Typhenous, too-casually. The [Plague Mage] schooled his features and neglected to mention who had helped figure that out. Or that they were on a first-name basis with the owner.
“I believe so, your Majesty.”
“Really? Well then—do you happen to know who owns the door?”
“A…[Innkeeper] in Liscor.”
Griffon Hunt saw the [Emperor] raise his brows.
“Really.”
“Yes, your Majesty. Apparently she got it after an adventuring team indebted to her cleared a dungeon.”
“I see. Some relic, then? Rie—”
“I’ll see about the door, your Majesty.”
“Good! And I see you have…Pebblesnatch here?”
Griffon Hunt as a team were dying to put their heads together and figure out how Erin’s name had even managed to come to Riverfarm. And what this might mean. Halrac nodded slowly.
“I was told it would not be a problem, your Majesty?”
“Of course not. I approved it myself. I’m grateful for your—stance—on Goblins, Captain Halrac.”
The man’s eyes flickered. And this was the same [Emperor] who’d assailed Liscor? Well, Erin Solstice might be gratified to hear that. But she still might punch him.
“I see. Thank you, your Majesty. We are making sure Pebblesnatch doesn’t get into trouble. As we said, we know her.”
“From Liscor. It seems a lot happened around that city.”
“…Yes, it does seem that way.”
By now, Pebblesnatch had recognized the [Emperor] and his entourage. She sat up, warily, eying him. Was he here for her famous Dropped Eggs Soup?
As it turned out, she was partially right. When he heard about the soup, Laken wanted to try it and half of his entourage insisted on poison and taste-testing it first.
“Ah, egg-drop soup. With chicken?”
Pebblesnatch’s jaw dropped.
“You know this dish, your Majesty?”
