7.55 E
Page 26
“The kennels are filling up. Most’ve the breeds we had enough to repopulate. Thought your Unseen Empire needed dogs. They’ll be good ratters instead of that crow-[Witch], herders, guards…anyways, there wouldn’t be any dogs to give if you hadn’t sent the [Witches].”
The man clears his throat, awkwardly.
“Thank you, your Majesty.”
I smile.
“You’re welcome. And we are allies, Lord Gralton. About time it paid off after that long ride north, right?”
“True!”
He even laughs like a dog barking. And then Lord Gralton’s striding about, keen to introduce me to all the dogs he’s brought.
No poodles or Chihuahuas I’m glad to note. They don’t exist for Lord Gralton—he was offended I even asked if he had them.
“What, lapdogs? Damned sorry things. They can’t live except to be fed and pampered. I’ll keep them, but not raise them. Closest I’ll get is a thinking-pug. One of the Melull breeds.”
“Melull?”
“Smart dogs. Close to lapdogs—but let ‘em loose in the wild and they’ll survive. Smarter than any other dog in the world. They can draw, understand you perfectly—[Mages] loved to have them.”
An entire world of dogs unbeknownst to me is Gralton’s kingdom. Myself, I’m just pleased to have his gift. Certainly, animals are welcome to the Unseen Empire. And Radivaek-dogs are like Walchaís horses, apparently. Famous across Izril, even the world.
“Lord Gralton, this is a magnificent little Griffon!”
Revi calls out from where she’s petting the dog her team was named after. Fun fact—since I only heard it, I always thought it was ‘Griffin Hunt’. But apparently it’s a play-on-words.
“Griffon Hunt. Didn’t your team buy some dogs from me years back? What happened to them?”
The [Lord] clasps Halrac’s hand and the [Scout] nods.
“We let them go to a [Hunter]’s team, Lord Radivaek, after the incident in the north. We wouldn’t have let them die or abandon them.”
“Oh, the plague thing. Well—good. I’d have to kill you if they got eaten by a Griffin!”
Gralton laughs and only Briganda, the mother-warrior, joins him. I’ve heard of the team’s past—the old man, Typhenous, is shifting his feet and looking down.
“Your team used to use griffons to hunt…Griffins, Captain Halrac?”
The [Scout] turns to me and nods—then remembers I can’t see. Perhaps because I’m so able to ‘look’ at people because of my landsense. Well—I caught the nod so yes, I can see as well as any person! Just don’t ask me to read your features. Or tell you what color anything is.
It’s better than nothing.
“Yes, your Majesty. Griffons are excellent hunters and guide-animals. More than that—they’re good at sniffing out Griffin nests and provoking them into attacking.”
“Really?”
“That’s how we used to ambush Griffins, your majesty. A griffon runs out and barks and the flying monster goes after it. They’re too small for a meal, but they can taunt monsters.”
“Smart dogs. Smart team. You freelancing or does Laken have you working for him?”
“They’re on a contract, Gralton. Digging up artifacts.”
“Speaking of which…we should get to the next site. Your Majesty.”
Halrac bows. I assume he’s delivered the report to Prost about the Goblins. It must not be dire and Gralton’s here, so I bid them farewell.
“Gold-rank team. And they’re working for you for a song or do you have more gold than I thought?”
Gralton grunts. I walk with him, surrounded by a furry, panting horde.
“Oh, they’re working practically for free, Gralton. I think we pay them a few gold per week.”
“How? Did you rescue them from the snow as well?”
I smile as he twists to stare at me.
