7.55 E
Page 32
“Gold-ranks as well, your Majesty. Griffon Hunt is certainly capable, but Captain Halrac and his team are specialized for monster-slaying. It is not impossible, but I caution you…”
Rie trailed off delicately. She was waiting, and rewarded as Laken sighed. He was losing his temper. Durene looked just as angry—but Laken shook his head.
“I begin to see why even the Five Families are having trouble. Safeguard someone all the way there to try to cure them, eh? I…understand, Witch Eloise.”
“Thank you, your Majesty.”
She stopped fidgeting and adjusting her hat. The [Emperor] shook his head.
“Gralton, thank you for bringing this to me. I don’t know…I’ll see what can be done. Why don’t we break? It’s about lunch anyways and I need to clear my head.”
“I could punch something. Is that tree still needing to be uprooted?”
Durene growled. And like that, the meeting ended. Mavika stalked out of the house—her raven left her shoulder with an angry caw, no doubt reflecting her emotions. The [Witches] were silent as they left.
“I—shall attend to my duties, your Majesty. Mister Prost?”
The [Farmer] walked out with Rie, shaking his head.
“A terrible thing, poison. And to those two boys, Lady Valerund.”
“Terrible indeed, Mister Prost.”
He really meant it. He was an honest man, as far as Rie could tell. It was one of the reasons why she liked Riverfarm. An honest [Emperor], people who were hardworking, able to rebuild time and time again—this was what Izril needed.
The Circle was there to do what honest, hardworking people never thought of. Rie exhaled. She’d have to monitor Laken Godart closely to make sure he didn’t take it in his head to do something stupid. The Circle was aware people would come to Tyrion’s aid.
By land, by sea, by magic—nothing was going to reach him save as the Circle willed it. Rie knew some of the plan and she had no desire to watch the Unseen Empire suffer. It was very, very good that the [Witches] were sensible.
She hurried off to communicate with the Circle and get updates. And that was Rie Valerund’s big mistake. She should have been watching more carefully.
 
—-
 
When Lady Rie is gone, I sit back down. Gralton’s left, Durene’s gone off to vent her fury, and so is everyone else.
I think that confirms it. Lady Rie seemed passionately concerned for Riverfarm—but she leaned a bit too hard on the ‘let’s not anger the Circle, shall we?’ angle. A bit too little shock and concern for two children dying of poison, or so I feel.
Or maybe I’m just biased because I think I’m right. Time to find out. I stretch and, just in case someone’s listening via spell or in person, remark to myself.
“I think I shall go for a walk. Gamel? I’m going to have a walk in the forest. Have a horse readied for me, please?”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
My [Knight] appears and after a few minutes, I’m off. Let’s see…along the Goblinlands is probably good. Few people go that way, and there’s a nice forest we cut in half with those damned walls.
 
—-
 
Pebblesnatch stared down at the [Emperor] of Riverfarm from the wall. She was in one of the towers, hiding from Ulvama. Pebblesnatch had stolen her magical dyes as food coloring for her pot and Ulvama was ready to smack her silly.
She’d come across the [Emperor] quite by chance. He was busy discussing some Human-problem with Gamel, the young man who was keeping him company. They had another escort of [Riders] keeping a great distance. Pebblesnatch had keen ears though, so she heard Laken and Gamel talking.
