7.55 E
Page 34
“—She was simply disturbed by the idea of opposing this Circle. We would not like to make pronouncements, would we, Mavika?”
“Well understood, Witch Eloise. My conclusions are my own. And I have been aware of this issue for a while. Let’s put that aside for one moment. What else would you like to say?”
Durene is going to beg to be the one to thump Rie on the head. Or…what will I do? Argh. But I was warned. He told me there would be at least one, and…
Well, enough of that for now. Eloise looks around and to my surprise both she and Mavika sit along the forest trail. I end up sitting too.
“Frankly, your Majesty, we spoke no untruths. It’s unwise to lie as [Witches], let alone in the presence of truth spells if there are any about. Mavika would fail to guard me against what I assume the Guild of Assassins could send, especially if they were forewarned…even if not, the roads are certainly watched and each person who could help Lord Veltras screened.”
“Really. So—is the answer more [Witches]? Or one you don’t see coming?”
Mavika grinned.
“The other [Witch] who could certainly cure any ills would die ere she reached House Veltras’ manor—without the need for [Assassins]. And that was if she deigned to leave her home. Which she will not. Not for all of Riverfarm’s riches.”
“…Well then. I assume you have some answer?”
Brightly, Eloise smiles at me. Oh, it was wise to put her on my inner council. I shuffle the order around in my head. Let’s say—Prost for commonsense things, Wiskeria for intelligent matters, Rie for possibly untrustworthy advice…but I’ll say that Eloise is now my most knowledgeable, trustworthy advisor.
Shame.
“As I said, your Majesty. The journey is too dangerous. I would never, ever risk it, even if I had House Veltras’ army riding to escort me. That is…such a bold move it would simply escalate the matter. Lead to open conflict.”
I nod, slowly. Yes. The Circle wouldn’t back down. It’d be a running battle with damned armies of [Assassins] and far more danger, even with the Five Families’ support. Not a smart move.
And [Witches] love to have smart answers. Straightforward ones. I almost smile myself. Some commonality between [Emperor] and [Witches] there.
“And how would you solve this?”
“Witch Mavika has sent her crow familiar to fly to House Veltras. In the meantime, with your…permission and at your request, I am willing to decipher the poison that afflicts Lord Hethon and Lord Sammial.”
I blink.
“What is the airspeed velocity of—no, never mind. House Veltras is to the west, not the north, isn’t that right?”
“Not nearly as far as First Landing is from here, no, your Majesty. But I may begin solving the riddle of poison at once. If—it is your will. Because as I am sure you know, Emperor Godart, there will be reprisals.”
Now Eloise looks at me and I catch the full implications of her warning. I sit back, thinking.
“I have two questions. What will you ask, [Witches]? And will you accept your risk if I accept mine?”
Eloise and Mavika smiled. For answer, Mavika tips her hat up and gives me a direct, disconcerting stare. I can’t see her face, but I’ve had Durene describe her eyes to me and I can feel them on me now. Bird’s eyes, overly large in her face.
“The Circle has made enemies of [Witches], Emperor Godart. For that alone, we would dare it. But also because we have made a pact, here, and if [Witches] die, it is only because an [Emperor]’s will is thwarted. Is that not so?”
“No one will be killed on my lands, Witch Mavika, without me doing everything to stop it.”
She nods, quite pleased. Eloise is next.
