7.55 E
Page 24
“Okay. Thanks for letting us know. But there’s not much we can do to investigate. And no one here’s going to Rhir.”
“Right. And if I learn anything…but Wistram doesn’t know. Moving on—well, if we’re talking big secrets Wistram has, in general, the scrying orb was the huge one. But I wanted to tell you—they’re almost certain the King of Destruction has an Earther.”
Erin waved her arms frantically. Ryoka nodded. Gazi. Oh no.
“Got it.”
“You do know about the King of Destruction, right? Because they’re really nervous of him, even if all these nations are declaring war.”
“We’re aware. But he’s far away.”
“…Okay, moving on. About the Antinium—Wistram thinks they’re like, the biggest threat Izril has to face. They’re weak, but Wistram keeps putting them high on their list. It’s like—King of Destruction, Death of Magic, Antinium in that order. The Antinium aren’t that bad compared to the ones on Rhir—if they’re still around. Ever since Wistram helped wipe them out at sea—”
Ryoka looked up. Palt stared ahead, avoiding her gaze. And especially Erin’s.
“Elena, how do you know this?”
“I asked. The [Mages] let things slip when they’re quizzing us about Earth. By the way—someone’s buying sulfur. A bunch of it from the big markets. Wistram is tracing it—but all they knew is that it went to Chandrar.”
“Fuck.”
“Yeah, right? Anyways, listen. Not everyone here is on the same page about…secrets from Earth. I think six people know how to make gunpowder—although two might be talking out their asses. But…we’re not united. I’m trying to get them to agree to keep quiet, but a lot are from other nations or they’re frightened kids and Wistram is bribing them…”
“Are we on the same page that giving Wistram firearms is bad? Is the Elusive Lot?”
“We’re thinking about it. Miss Elena has been arguing with the Council and Archmages. She’s quite persuasive.”
A sly voice. Not Galei or Taxiela. Palt was listening, shuffling his hooves too quietly to be heard. Elena paused and then went on.
“Cara’s on the same page. Look—if you could reach out to her, she’d be a valuable ally. I could give you one of my code signs. And…could we really leave Wistram?”
“The Elusive Lot…seems to be on board?”
“Ullsinoi is on board, Miss Elena. Not because we’d like to get rid of you. Far from it. We just believe—oh, what’s that saying? Don’t put all your potions in the same basket. Especially the explosive ones. We’ll talk.”
Elena’s voice didn’t immediately take over after that. Ryoka was fiddling with a quill. What to ask? What to ask? There was a lot that was so specific. How much did they know about the Antinium? But the Elusive Lot were listening.
They couldn’t know—even if they knew Ryoka and Erin were in Liscor—how close the Antinium were to them. Even Palt probably couldn’t explain that, if his look of guilt said anything either way.
Not total trust. And too many questions for answers. At last, Elena sighed.
“I’m sorry. I was trying to look up magic spells or—secrets I could tell you. But we’re just…they’re having some of us take classes as students. Most, actually. Some are inventing things—I think they want us to feel like we’re part of Wistram.”
“Sounds like classic indoctrination.”
“Yeah…yeah, but it’s working. Lots of kids—I told you some survived horrible, things, right?”
“Tell me about them. What’s it like at Wistram? Let’s start there, if we can’t think of anything.”
Ryoka heard a short intake of breath from the other end. Elena hesitated.
