7.55 E
Page 20
“Is it my fault if I admire body art, Revi? Incidentally, have you ever met some of the [Sailors] in ports with those amazing tattoos all over?”
“Not impressive, Typhenous. I’m a Stitchgirl. String Folk can put all kinds of tattoos on their body.”
“Yes, but that’s just thread and ink, isn’t it?”
“So’s an actual tattoo. Ours are just easier to put on and remove.”
“That’s my point.”
“Silence. Let’s hear what the [Shaman] has to say. Typhenous, you’re on defensive spell duty. Mind she doesn’t hex us or cast a charm spell.”
Halrac hopped down. He stared at the [Shaman] making her way warily over with a dozen smaller Goblins as backup.
“She’s pointing at you. You want to go alone or do you want us?”
Briganda observed. Ulvama pointed at Halrac, and then pointed to the neutral zone, and beckoned as she walked forwards with her staff. Halrac grunted.
“I’ll hear her out. Revi, Typhenous—”
“Yeah, yeah. We’ve got your back.”
The [Scout] descended from the wall and walked forwards as Ulvama waited, staff in hand. Halrac’s face did not change. He knew she was watching him—and his empty hands, probably to make sure he wasn’t holding the invisible bow. Halrac did not arm himself.
But neither did he smile as he stopped across from Ulvama.
He did not like the female [Shaman]. She did not like him. Halrac…had some feelings for Pebblesnatch, who had practically clung to him. But Ulvama? He and she were the kind who’d killed each other over the years.
As if sensing his thoughts, Ulvama bared her teeth.
“Human. Afraid of more Goblins?”
“His Majesty, Emperor Godart, wants to know where they came from and why they’re here.”
Laken had asked Griffon Hunt to intercede since they knew Pebblesnatch. Also—the Redfangs tended to respect the Gold-rank adventurers, albeit grudgingly. Ulvama bared her teeth.
“Far away. Goblins hear of safe place for Goblins. Goblins come. Smart-[Emperor] surely thought of this?”
She spoke with that halting awkwardness of Goblins. Or at least, pretended to. Halrac’s eyes narrowed.
“How did they hear about the Goblin’s encampment here? His Majesty was sure no Goblins had left or entered the area until now.”
Ulvama scratched at the ground with the butt of her staff, drawing something. Halrac was unmoved; Typhenous or Revi would call out if she was casting something. The [Shaman] peeked up, then scowled as she saw Halrac was unmoved.
“Goblins hear things. [Emperor]…[Emperor] sees everything around Goblinlands? And in Goblinlands?”
“Who knows?”
She scowled at him. Halrac saw her flick a claw dismissively—
“[Hex Eater]! Halrac!”
Typhenous pointed his staff. Halrac dove to the side as Revi pointed her wand and shouted.
“[Wind Orb]!”
Ulvama’s eyes widened. She raised her staff and the orb of wind burst in midair. The Goblins behind her shouted and raised their weapons. One reached for a horn as Halrac lifted his bow, coming out of his roll.
“Stop! Do not blow a horn, idiots!”
The [Shaman] shrieked at the Goblins. One choked, lips pursed as he tried to suck the breath back in. At the same time, Typhenous was shouting Halrac down.
“It wasn’t a mind-hex, Halrac! Hold! Hold!”
The [Scout] lowered his bow slightly so he was aiming at Ulvama’s leg. The [Shaman] was tensed—her eyes flicked upwards at the old [Mage].
“What was it, Typhenous?”
Briganda was tensed, ready to leap down there. The Goblins were muttering too. The [Plague Mage] chuckled, and in a carrying voice, informed Halrac and the Goblins what the spell had been.
“It was…a flea hex. A minor spell as they go. The [Shaman]—Ulvama?—was trying to attract some onto Halrac.”
