7.55 E
Page 23
“Halrac, Halrac. With the kind of loot we’ve been getting? If we dig up even another medium-grade artifact we can claim in the next month, I know Chandrarian teams who’ll rush over here and owe us a major favor. Let’s just see what that dig site holds, hmm? The [Emperor] says it looks big. Treasure vault?”
“Keep your expectations low and be careful, Revi.”
But even Halrac couldn’t keep a smile from his lips. Artifacts and loot and egg-drop soup. Everything was looking up for their team. For the Unseen Empire? The Gold-rank team returned to Riverfarm proper just to find a second group had arrived.
Bringing…trouble. Although not necessarily for Griffon Hunt.
 
—-
 
“There’s a lot Wistram doesn’t know, I think. Or most of them don’t. They pretend to, but you just have to ask multiple people. Play on their egos. And they’ll wink or reveal…the point is, I’m almost positive they don’t know what brought us here.”
“Do they have any theories?”
“Lots.”
Elena was sitting down this time, which was helpful. And also not surrounded in whatever black abyss the Elusive Lot had conjured. She had a notepad, a seat, and even some snacks and a drink while she talked.
She did not have anyone else from Earth with her, unlike the mysterious ‘batman’, who had told her others were listening in. If Elena revealed anything—and it was probably not going to be to Aaron—she’d do it afterwards. Anyways, this was mainly her telling her new ally abroad important information.
Elena consulted her notes. She’d been hard at work trying to figure out what was most important to say. Firstly, how they’d all got here.
“There are lots of theories. The biggest ones are that there’s some kind of interdimensional rift that opened and sucked us through. A naturally reoccurring phenomenon or some huge ritual-level spell. What caused it? Well…it might have come from Wistram, actually. But not the [Mages] on the lower floors…have you heard about the Golems?”
“The entrance exam? Yeah.”
Palt shuddered. Erin remembered Ceria telling her about it as well. Elena gulped and went on.
“You have? Well…people have always said they think [Mages], even [Archmages], could still be living up there. Like Archmage Zelkyr. If there was a grand spell that could have teleported us here…”
“But it’s not confirmed? There are no traces?”
“Nope. There are other theories too. But the other real threat is um, the second thing I wanted to bring up. How much do you know about Rhir?”
“I know there are some Earthers there. Has something happened to them?”
“You…could say that. Blackmage—Aaron—isn’t in direct contact with them. The Blighted Kingdom keeps everything locked down, and even Wistram isn’t able to just waltz in. But there’s bad news coming from Rhir. One of the Demon’s biggest threats apparently healed—or came back to life and Wistram was freaking out about it.”
“I heard about that…they think this person could have done it?”
“They call her the Death of Magic. She was on a short list of names of people they thought could cast a spell of that magnitude. She’s…at least Level 70. Probably Level 80? They say she learned magic from Dragons. An [Archmage] of Wistram—a rebel who joined the Demons when the Demon Kingdom was founded…”
Ryoka sat back. But Valeterisa had intimated…she lifted the stone up and spoke urgently.
“There’s a living [Archmage]?”
“Yep. That’s the stuff Wistram likes to keep quiet.”
Well, so much for the Archmages being dead. With Az’kerash, that made two. Ryoka drummed her fingers on the table.
