7.55 E
Page 27
“No, they’re content to work for cheap so long as I give them half of what they dig up. Secrets in the ground.”
Gralton listens as I explain about the landsense and then he exhales and swears.
“I’ve had dogs sniff out buried monsters and treasure before, but every damn seam and passageway? You’ll leave Izril without any secrets left to find!”
“I can’t go deep, Gralton. Anything long-buried stays there and I hope there’s nothing like a monster down there. An [Emperor] has to improvise.”
“Sure enough. Sure enough. Listen, Godart. I came here for two reasons. Why don’t you and I feed the hounds and we’ll discuss it privately? How’re the Goblins doing, by the way? Still building damn walls?”
That’s Gralton for you. Better than Rie? Well, I don’t suspect Gralton of trying to poison Lady Bethal Walchaís or ordering Wiskeria to attack the Goblins. I know it’s only Ryoka’s supposition—but I’m beginning to believe it if only because Rie’s the only person who’s ever given me the impression she’s got more yet to hide. [Witches] are different and besides—they weren’t here when it all went down.
Which begs the question of course: why? Well, one thought springs to mind. And that’s a name I’ve been hearing on a lot of people’s tongues.
Interesting. I just had a thought. I have never heard Lady Rie mention them.
 
—-
 
“The Circle of Thorns. They’re popping up on everyone’s tongues. You heard about Lord Tyrion’s boys?”
“No.”
Lord Gralton turns to stare at me. I sit there, feeling like this is another ‘obvious thing’ I should know about. But…don’t.
“No one told you? Not Lady Valerund or…no, she’d be the only one, wouldn’t she?”
“She hasn’t brought it up. Perhaps she thinks it’s not important? I heard about Lady Reinhart surviving an assassination attempt, but I’m not looking outwards.”
“You should on this. I came to ask about it myself. Veltras is getting desperate. He asked me to get a message to you—I don’t think he knows you’ve got [Mages] with [Message] spells of your own.”
“Really?”
We’re sitting together in my private chambers—in Riverfarm. Durene’s cottage is still a place of residence—but more seldom do each of us stay there. We have a rather large home in Riverfarm, as close to a mansion as there is, despite me objecting to the unnecessary space.
As it turns out, it’s necessary to let Bismarck and Frostwing have the freedom to move about. Not that Bismarck gets to roam around indoors all the time; he’s generally ‘helping’ by the fields. The [Farmers] can actually get him to pull a plough if they guide him with food, but he’s mostly there just as a mascot. Who eats too much.
Frostwing is shrieking at the dogs milling about the backyard. I tell her to quiet down so we can talk and she moodily flies to the roof. Frostwing is another way I can monitor the Goblins, by the way. Although she never actually flies over the Goblinlands—they’re aware she’s my bird, but I’m not going to risk a Goblin with a bow shooting at her.
“Tell me about this, Gralton. What about Lord Tyrion’s sons? I know he saved Magnolia Reinhart…”
“From the Circle of Thorns.”
My eyes don’t narrow since they’re closed. But my brow definitely creases. Lady Rie did not mention that.
“Hmm. I only heard it was an assassination attempt.”
“I guess my ears are sharper.”
Radivaek takes a huge bite of the mutton he’s sharing with his dogs. I motion for him to go on as I turn in my seat.
“Durene? Can you find Lady Rie? Tell her I’d like her to come here to consult on Lord Gralton’s issue. And tell…oh, Prost to come too.”
“Anyone else?”
