7.55 E
Page 18
“This place is safe. So more Goblins make it more safe.”
She fooled only the Greystone Chieftain’s…[Shaman]. The other Hobs and Sparkstones exchanged looks. Ulvama’s ambitions had not died with Tremborag. And she seemed keen on building the Goblin’s base of power, here.
The problem was that—Leafarmor dragged Raidpear away to have a quiet argument. Ulvama would have listened in, but she didn’t really need to.
The two Hobs argued. Leafarmor made several gestures spelling out Raidpear’s entanglement with Ulvama in a relationship was affecting his bias when it came to taking her to task for disciplinary issues—especially without consulting the leadership.
Raidpear, less eloquently, tried to defend himself that while he was perhaps affected, his overall commitment to the safety of Goblins was not mitigated by his sentiments for Ulvama. If anything, they offered a valuable insight into her tribe and a parallel bias as it pertained to—
At this point Leafarmor hit him. Ulvama rolled her eyes as the two Goblins got into a short fistfight, egged on by the other Redfangs. She knew this would be trouble. But it was one she was willing to dare.
She did not like Gold-rank adventurers, no matter what Pebblesnatch said. She did not trust the [Emperor]’s words. She wanted Pebblesnatch to come back now. Besides—the Greystones could help mine.
 
—-
 
The Goblins had begun mining the ore deposits they had coincidentally been placed near. That was the basis for the interchange between Humans and Goblins.
Few of the Unseen Empire were good [Miners] to begin with, and while Laken Godart had lucked out that some were of the Goldstone tribe. Now, the Goblins had iron in abundance.
But they craved steel. Nails, hammers, and so on. Cut wood, like the Humans could manufacture and Pebblesnatch so loved. Spices, cooking materials.
So they traded. It had really begun to pick up as Griffon Hunt arrived. Pebblesnatch being willing to gesticulate and point at things the Goblins wanted—along with a few other Goblins—meant the Humans would bring things the Goblins wanted, the Goblins would put bags of ore on the ground, and they’d point and go ‘nuh’ until both sides were reasonably happy.
It also helped with matters like crime—such as there were between Goblins and Humans. Goblins stealing from farms and warehouses had precipitated a lot of bad will and since Laken Godart wasn’t able to imprison or punish Goblins as easily as Humans, he’d instituted an easy system.
Any Goblin who was caught stealing was ‘ransomed’ at their body weight in ore. Until then, the Goblins received no supplies from the Unseen Empire. The Goblins considered it a good alternative to being shot—and it stymied the thefts.
After the second portly Hob was caught sneaking out of a henhouse at night with a bunch of eggs and five hens, an enraged Sparkstones had come down on the thefts. No more! Unless it was a really small Goblin who could get some produce, that was. But no more!
All this to say that when Pebblesnatch raced back into the Goblinlands to tell Ulvama that the Humans wanted to know why there were more Goblins, there wasn’t an immediate rush to battle stations. The Goblins, like Griffon Hunt, had realized there was a potential here for a good thing. Not a perfect thing. A thing born out of blood and death. But they’d be silly to turn it down because of that.
“Pebblesnatch, tell Humans other Goblins come because they hear it is safe.”
“Safe? How Goblins hear?”
Leafarmor folded her arms. Ulvama rolled her eyes.
“Goblins hear.”
“Emperor is not stink-mind. Emperor knows no Goblins escape.”
