7.55 E
Page 29
There were reasons. Good ones. The Circle…but Laken Godart had been introduced to them in the worst way possible. Rie covered all this with genuine distress for the two boys.
“Your Majesty—”
“You knew about this Lady Rie? And neglected to mention it in your daily briefings?”
All eyes turned to Rie. The [Lady] answered, as if bound by truth spell.
“I…apologize, your Majesty. I did not think it was pertinent. I assumed whatever one of the Five Families were to deal with was removed from Riverfarm’s affairs and that of the Unseen Empire.”
“I see. In the future, anything of note in Izril should be directed towards me, Lady Valerund.”
She inclined her head humbly. But it did not escape her notice; Laken Godart had been genuinely surprised by the news. So did he have sources of information outside of Riverfarm that were so specific? Or had he really known how to make trebuchets all by himself? Or was it so sporadic?
Intrigue was a game of learning and watching what you gave away. However—it was different depending on who you played against. And right now, the [Emperor] was too furious to be subtle.
It didn’t mean the game wasn’t going on. But Rie had a sinking feeling. She told herself that there was little he could do.
“Poison. Terrible things. Many a Terandrian dynasty has suffered from that sort of thing.”
As if you wouldn’t know. You come from those very houses on Terandria. Rie saw Eloise innocently sipping her tea. As if a pointed hat took away her past.
“Poison, your Majesty? And Tyrion Veltras is appealing to the Unseen Empire? But surely he has [Healers]. [Alchemists]. All of the Five Families could cure most poisons.”
Wiskeria looked uncomfortable. Laken shook his head. Radivaek bared his teeth as he tore another strip of meat off to feed to a waiting dog.
“They tried. Last count over forty dead [Healers] and [Alchemists] ran afoul of [Assassins]. No one’s even identified what’s making the boys sick before they get knifed in the back.”
“[Assassins]. And they’re actually threatening the Five Families?”
The [Paladin] was incredulous. Rie shook her head. A half-Troll [Paladin]. Well, that might explain why she had so much trouble charming Laken Godart if that was his…taste. Almost as bad as Wuvren—
“Threatening the families of [Alchemists] and so on, Miss Durene. And your Majesty, I caution you. Even the Five Families have been affected by the assassinations. Riverfarm is…vulnerable. Despite your protections.”
The totems couldn’t stop one of the Guild’s finest. They could walk across the ground invisible, or teleport in, or fly. Rie—didn’t want Laken Godart to incur the Circle’s wrath.
Beyond her fears of him doing something rash, though, Rie was still a bit confident. And that was because—she explained the issue.
“Reaching Lord Veltras’ manor is a long trip, your Majesty. Doable in any other time with speed—even overnight! Especially with a carriage, or dedicated travel-specialist. Lord Veltras himself could make the journey in—but these are not safe times. Any [Healer] or [Alchemist]…or [Witch]…would be exposed.”
She nodded to the four [Witches] in the room and saw three pointed hats turn in affront. Mavika’s didn’t. She just narrowed her eyes.
“Is that so, Lady Rie?”
“If Lord Veltras cannot do it—as I said, the situation is horrific, your Majesty. But I do not think this is Riverfarm’s time to strike at a foe like this…Circle of Thorns? They’re unknown, perhaps not even Izrilian…”
