7.55 E
Page 1
[Witches] aren’t afraid to be honest either. I smile drily, but Hedag just chortles louder over Rie, Beycalt, and Gamel being offended. The others are used to it, like Wiskeria, who’s sighing.
“I mean, go witness it, [Emperor]. You should be able to tell what your people fear even without vision alone.”
Hmm. Interesting. And since it does come from Hedag, I stand up.
“Does it happen every night, Prost?”
“Around dusk or later, your Majesty. Should we…?”
“Of course. Do I need an escort or is it just scary?”
I’m making light of it. But Gamel and Durene both agree to come with me. I sigh. Eloise just smiles. I can tell she does because she’s taken to tipping her hat up to signal me. A downwards tip means it’s a frown or something. She’s used it more than once when giving me advice.
Clever tricks.
As we leave the ‘throne room’, which is both treasury and throne room—in other words, a part warehouse and a reception area with the wooden throne, now apparently painted, and a place to put Riverfarm’s greatest treasures under guard, I’m still making light of the issue.
Honestly, it’s a relief from all this unpleasant and tedious business negotiating with other settlements. Cities and towns have become aware of the Unseen Empire and everyone wants something—preferably without having to pay.
‘Guard your roads for free? Why certainly, let me just do that in exchange for trade concessions I’d get from every [Merchant] anyways.’
“How many nobles have replied for the party now, Rie?”
As my small group of about eleven walks through Riverfarm at dusk, I try to see what’s changed today. What’s changed this month?
Paved roads. To be precise—twice-paved roads. What a disaster.
You see, when I first laid out Riverfarm in my head, I made plans for it to be far larger. I tried to think of all the basics—wells at numerous points in case of fire, farmland, placing buildings such that you wouldn’t have a smithy next to houses, for instance…
Riverfarm is laid out very neatly; no weird roads or confusing intersections. I can visualize it all from a bird’s eye view. Which is very handy!
But I make mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes. And one of my mistakes was that I didn’t realize that after the first mad rush to put up enough houses and the essential buildings…people would begin constructing things the way they thought was right.
Case in point: paved roads. Sounds good, right? Only—they used bits and pieces. Stones, parts of masonry from foundation-work, and so on to make one of those roads you get in Europe. Collectively strong, flat-ish—but bumpy as hell and prone to having bits and pieces torn up and needing to be reset.
I hate those roads. They are so difficult to walk on without tripping and they don’t do people in wagons any favors as well. So, I demanded that if we were going to get roads, make them brick! Make them flat and not prone to being torn up.
…Well, it took about four weeks to tear up the old roads and find the right [Bricklayers] who knew exactly how to get bricks of the hardness and durability we needed. Sourcing the right clay?
Gah. But you don’t see me kicking over stones, do you? Not one. I’m not being petty about it either, no matter what Durene claims.
“Nice brickwork. I’ll be interested to see how it takes its first winter.”
