7.55 E
Page 7
Write this down! Ryoka was waving at the others as they poked and nudged each other. This was huge! And more was yet to come.
Elena caught herself once more.
“Never mind that. Listen. Don’t ever, and I mean, ever say anything about Earth in front of a scrying orb. Or give away who you are! It’s usually safe—Wistram can’t see everything. But—and we can’t confirm this, the others with me—something’s up with Wistram’s scrying television thing. I think…they might be able to see through some of them.”
Ryoka nearly dropped the stone Palt was focusing through. He caught the stone before the artifact could break. Erin threw up her hands.
“Illuminati! Aaaa—”
“Who was that?”
“Someone else, sorry.”
Ryoka had clapped a hand over Erin’s mouth. The [Innkeeper] was pointing at Kevin and gesticulating for him to ‘get a hammer’. Ryoka quickly spoke.
“Are you sure?”
“Nearly. I heard them talking about ‘obscure artifacts’—ones they can’t hack into. They’re…monitoring all kinds of people. The King of Destruction, other nations—even the Antinium.”
Oh no. Ryoka felt her stomach twist. That—that wasn’t good. Erin was sitting bolt-upright, focused on the conversation. For the Wind Runner herself? The cost of telling Elena had already paid off.
“We’ll make a note, thank you, Elena. We’ll remove all the scrying devices or be careful to—”
“Actually, I don’t think you need to do this, Miss.”
A startled sound from Elena. Ryoka stopped.
“Hello? Who is this?”
“Master Galei!”
“Hello, Palt! I just had to break in here.”
A friendly male voice—Palt’s master?—spoke up. He addressed the Centaur directly.
“Psst, Palt. How friendly are we getting? We could consult here—but I’d like to hear it from you first.”
The Centaur hesitated and looked at Erin and Ryoka.
“Master Galei? I’d call these significant allies.”
Other voices in the background. Ryoka frowned. How many [Mages] were in the Elusive Lot? And listening in? Even Palt didn’t know. Galei murmured.
“…heard him. I say we take it…no votes! We’ll leave you two to talk, Miss ‘batman’. But I just wanted to tell you that if you’re just enchanting a mirror with [Scrying], you’re not in danger of Wistram reversing the spell to watch you. Not if Palt’s doing it.”
“Oh.”
Ryoka looked at Palt for confirmation. Then she snapped back towards the stone she was using to speak through.
“Wait. Wistram is watching us through scrying orbs?”
“Oho! She got it! I knew she was smart! That’s five secrets you owe me!”
Someone chortled in the background. Palt sighed and reached for a cigar. Ryoka felt like she never wanted to meet the Elusive Lot in person. It was like listening to faeries, a bit. At least in their chaotic insanity.
“Thank you.”
“Here’s Elena again. Also—you have about six minutes left. We can’t keep this up forever. Is this chat going to take long?”
Elena sounded rushed.
“Six minutes? But we have too much to say! Okay—listen—give that back!”
Galei’s voice again.
“Ah, I thought so. In that case—we’ll do it later tonight. Mm. One of our warded rooms.”
“Wait, again? You just said—”
Ryoka and Elena were both confused. Galei made a sound.
“I meant, we grabbed Miss Elena not knowing how she’d react or how long this was. We’re casting a linked spell in a damned hallway! It’s not perfect! We’ll resume this later. Miss Elena, you’ll just have to show up in one of our secure areas where we can let you talk far longer without the same risk.”
“Oh. Will—will it be safe? Archmage Feor’s in my faction, Mage Galei. If he finds out…”
