7.55 E
Page 2
I…sense…the eye rolls from Durene, even Wiskeria and Rie. I determinedly do not scowl, and keep an even pace. I’m an [Emperor]. I don’t have many demands, like a golden palanquin. If I want nice roads, I’ll have them. And sewers! No one seems to think they’re a good idea, except for Rie. It’s a ‘Drake thing’, apparently, or a big city idea which is somehow a condemnation.
“We have eleven names after Lady Imarris, your Majesty. None of the Five Families as of yet…but some of the nobility have followed suit.”
“Better late than never. It seems Ryoka’s plan is working.”
It’s amazing how audacious she is. Three of the Five Families, coming here? A party for the fae.
I remember last time. It wasn’t a failure—far from it. But neither was it a huge success.
The fae are dangerous. True, they prevented Durene’s cottage from being covered in the avalanche—and it would have certainly killed us both. But they can be cruel, capricious…
Still, it’s a favor to Ryoka. I owe her one, or so I feel. And…it’s an opportunity for Riverfarm. But the preparations are difficult, her [Messages] sporadic and she herself isn’t exactly contributing hands or money to the cause.
“Ivolethe’s statue is finished?”
“Yes, sire.”
“Good.”
That was on my list of priorities. Near the top, actually. It seems to me that I’d want to be known for keeping my promises, even to the fae in disgrace. As for the rest?
Rie is helping with the party, even though she thinks it’s far too much work. She’s only going along because she believes it’s good public relations for the Unseen Empire—not because she believes in Ryoka’s ritual, or even understands it. She’s reached out and got three names of nobles she knows to come along before Ieka Imarris made her pronouncement.
Ieka. I remember her from riding with Lord Tyrion. Very polite, very knowledgeable. Part of his inner council. A [Mage]—and one of the more powerful nobles outside of the Five Families. 
Interested in me—but standoffish. Extremely so. She kept asking questions which I’d deflect. How did Ryoka get her to come?
“We’ll just wait and see, Rie. Have we removed all the iron nails from the party grounds?”
“At great effort, your Majesty, yes. Would you like us to brick the grounds as well?”
Some laughter. Either they’re becoming more relaxed around me or the last sixteen meetings on roads really have left their mark. I smile.
“I thought you had already begun the work? See to it, Lady Rie.”
Hedag starts laughing as Rie hesitates, unsure of whether I’m serious or not. I have to clarify that yes, it was a joke. My words have power.
 
—-
 
The ‘scary [Witches]’ apparently appear around Witching Street—fittingly. It’s late evening and I feel the sun waning on my skin. Ah, the sun’s still taking a long time to set. Far better than winters where it’s gone before dinner.
Witching Street. So-named because most of the new [Witches] who have come to Riverfarm are settled there. And yes, in the new houses, sometimes one or two per house if it’s Eloise or Hedag—often in small groups. Or covens?
Certainly, multiple covens have come here seeking Riverfarm’s protection. It surprised me, honestly. I thought the pact I made with the coven was for [Witches] like Hedag or Mavika—those who were accused of crimes and might be guilty, or might be prone to fear and prejudice.
But Agratha’s coven appeared first, and then roughly two more. The [Witches] seem to think there’s an opportunity here. Especially to raise new [Witches] in peace.
Hence, young [Witches] and the ones like Agratha, who’s an actual [Teacher]—the first one I’ve met in this world.
