7.55 E
Page 13
“Hey, it is good! Nice inn-food. We could have actually made that on the road. Here, Cade. It’s a bit spicy.”
“Spicy?”
The boy was still staring at Pebblesnatch. It was butt-scratching time since she was done cooking. She stared at him.
“Thanks, uh, Pebblesnatch. It looks good. And it tastes…huh. Hey, this is really good!”
Revi’s eyes widened as she took a bite. She relaxed and Pebblesnatch beamed. The Stitchgirl [Summoner] looked around at her team.
“Whew, and here I thought it’d be horrible!”
Pebblesnatch glowered and Typhenous nudged Revi. But the Stitchgirl had never been known for her ability to keep her opinions to herself. Revi sighed.
And then she looked around and saw Riverfarm’s people watching the Gold-rank team eating a Goblin dish with mingled horror and shock. They looked away as Revi glared.
“Halrac, are you sure this was a good idea?”
“Nope. But she kept insisting and it was this or the Goblin’s camp. Which would you have picked?”
“Ah…good idea to have it here.”
The [Cook], oblivious, helped herself to her own dish. She stared around the large mess hall. The Goblins needed to build something this nice! They were working on it with all the wood and such, but everything was so polished. More Skills and time, she decided. She’d tell Leafarmor and Raidpear and Ulvama about it when she got back.
She was in the Unseen Empire’s lands. The Human-part, not the Goblinlands. Pebblesnatch had thought this day would never come—unless she was running for her life. But she had never expected old friends to show up.
Griffon Hunt. Halrac had come home, as well as seeking a mysterious employment offer. He had met Laken Godart and then, when hearing of the Goblinlands, gone to investigate.
And he’d found Pebblesnatch. Or rather, she’d found him. The Goblin’s smile was big on her face.
“…never seen a Goblin smile.”
Someone muttered. Briganda looked about.
“And you never will if you keep your distance. Hey, you want a bite? It’s good soup! What is it, eggs and chicken?”
She waved at the Humans. And most didn’t come over—but one or two did.
Mostly former Windrest villagers. They looked at Halrac as he shrugged and ate. And a Halrac-shrug was good enough for them.
“Is this the Goblin?”
“That’s Pebblesnatch. A Goblin.”
“And you know her?”
Revi rolled her eyes, already out of patience with the same conversation they had gone through countless times over the last week. Typhenous explained.
“She’s an acquaintance, Miss. A [Cook]. She used to work at an inn we stayed at. Her name is Pebblesnatch—”
The Cave Goblin stared blankly at the Human woman and waved. It shocked them, somehow, to know she could hear them. As if they knew Goblins could listen, but not that they really understood.
Halrac was wearing his permanent scowl. Pebblesnatch kept waiting for him to burst into a huge smile or to say this soup had changed him for the better. Maybe not this time?
It was a funny thing. She didn’t know Halrac super well. He was just one of Erin’s guests. But…he had been there. He was from the inn. And when she had been alone in Riverfarm, a face from there was all she wanted to see.
“Thanks for the meal, Pebblesnatch.”
Revi ended up eating two whole bowls. She leaned back with a large sigh.
“Erin is going to flip when she learns Pebblesnatch actually learned how to cook.”
“She’s going to flip in more ways than one when she hears about this.”
Halrac pushed back his empty bowl and sat back. The rest of his team nodded. Revi alternatively winced and smiled.
“What do you think she’ll do? Burn down half of Riverfarm?”
