7.55 E
Page 5
And here’s where Eloise tugs on her hat. Downwards. Ah. I hear a grunt from Hedag, a dissatisfied one. And that tells me something else.
There’s a split in opinions here, isn’t there? Eloise and Hedag might not be fans of creepy [Witches] scaring everyone, but they’re not all on board with Agratha’s teaching methods.
Tread carefully. If I pick Agratha’s side, I have no doubt she might use that to push her kind of witchcraft. Which alienates Oliyaya and…
I sigh. But I’ve learned how to do this. And as an [Emperor]’s tasks go, this is one of the most important. I lean on the throne’s armrest, as if bored.
“So I would ask you to manage Oliyaya’s pupils to bring peace to the Unseen Empire’s people at night?”
“If you deem it best, your Majesty, of course we would be happy to oblige. Witches are guaranteed protection, but your laws must be weighed against the craft of [Witches].”
Another telling answer. ‘If I deem it best’. And that wasn’t exactly a promise to obey all of Riverfarm’s laws.
“Perhaps it would be best to tell Emperor Laken why Oliyaya and her pupils like fear first, wouldn’t it, Agratha? Young man he is, and sharp as the [Reaper]’s sickle, but he might not see the issue.”
That comes from Hedag with a bark of a laugh. I smile as Agratha makes a noise of discontent rather like Rie. She was clearly hoping Hedag wouldn’t say that.
“What’s this, Witch Agratha?”
“Erm…only that there are complications in some of Witch Oliyaya’s pupils, your Majesty. All girls may become a [Witch]! It doesn’t change—”
“You can’t see it, Laken Godart. But young Witch Cirsa is the survivor of a fire. Her family perished in the flames and she was orphaned. Oliyaya adopted her as a pupil.”
Eloise spells it out at last. I exhale.
“Ah.”
I wouldn’t have sensed that. I can tell with my landsense where people are precisely, how they’re standing, everything about their postures—not facial features. Not yet, if it’s even possible.
“It’s just features. The child…”
Agratha trails off. I turn my head.
“I take it she has—scars, Witch Eloise?”
“Yes, your Majesty. Which I realize may not be as troubling to you. But they trouble Witch Cirsa. Especially other people’s reactions to them. Hence her decision to play upon them. Most of Oliyaya’s pupils are like that. And she herself.”
“I see.”
It all becomes clear. Small wonder. I feel sympathy now, despite having been scared myself. Agratha and her trio are silent as they wait for me to reply. It’s Rie who helps set me up.
“A tricky situation, wouldn’t you agree, your Majesty? On one hand, we have [Witches] practicing their natural craft. On the other—your subjects are disturbed. Is there no common ground to be found?”
Thank you, Rie. She spells out that I’m aware this will inconvenience me either way. One of the other [Witches] makes a sound as she shifts. I nod.
“It is troublesome, Lady Rie. But as I have agreed—I will make every courtesy and afford [Witches] every due possible. Far be it from me to decide what [Witches] are.”
A tip of the hat upwards from Eloise and an exasperated sigh from Agratha. I suppress a smile. You’re welcome. I wonder how much I just gave Eloise’s camp, if she has one?
“Even so, Witch Oliyaya and her pupils cannot terrorize Riverfarm. Witch Hedag, will you speak to Oliyaya and ask that the scary little [Witches] confine themselves to the only occasional haunting?”
“Your Majesty, all parts of Riverfarm?”
“Mm. No, good point, Mister Prost. Certain streets of Riverfarm may be ‘scare zones’ at night. Some residents do seem to enjoy being terrorized. It adds spice to life.”
