7.55 E
Page 28
She’s out, feeding Frostwing and Bismarck in the yard. I think. Rie and Prost are my go-to confidants. Then I have a thought and call back.
“Eloise and Hedag, of course. Wiskeria too. And if she’s here—summon Witch Mavika. Tell her it’s about [Witches].”
Gralton is looking at me as I turn back towards him.
“You really did embrace the [Witches]. You know—in some parts adventurers are paid to chase them off.”
“And do villages drown [Witches]? Burn them at stakes?”
“Sometimes. And if you’re going to lecture me about Goblins…huh. Sounds about damned right. People always say [Witches] bring plague, bad luck, stillborns…wonder how true that is.”
I don’t have much of a smile, but I’m glad he sees it my way. And while we wait for the others to arrive, Gralton catches me up on what no one’s told me. Then he gives me Tyrion’s plea.
 
—-
 
By the time they arrived, Laken Godart was unable to sit still. He was pacing. And—angry. Furious.
Enraged.
“Those cowardly—”
The next part was a stream of invectives in a language no one knew. Durene might have recognized a few words at best, and the language since Laken had been teaching her.
But Lady Rie? She stopped in the doorway, listening hard. That wasn’t made-up. Nor was it Drathian. She’d asked for a sample and it wasn’t even close.
“Your Majesty? What is—”
“Enter! No questions, Rie!”
The [Emperor] whirled and snapped. He was angrier than Rie had ever seen him in recent memory. Only a few times had she ever seen him this furious. Catching the edges of his mood, she sat. Suddenly—Lady Valerund was worried.
The rest entered. Prost sat alert, Durene sidling in after Hedag. The [Witches] sensed the [Emperor]’s mood; how could they not? They were watchful.
Mavika came last. She wouldn’t have except for how Laken had phrased his request.
The bird-like woman was, in her way, as much changed by her class as Radivaek. More so, in fact. A huge raven perched on her shoulder and Rie sidled away from her. It was Mavika who spoke in her sibilant voice.
“Why did you call me, [Emperor] of men?”
A reminder. Laken Godart turned. For once, he wasn’t about to play even-handed, calm counterpart of Mavika.
“Because I want you to listen, Witch Mavika. Gralton—please—tell the others what you just told me.”
The [Lord] was only too willing. In silence, the others listened. And Lady Rie felt the uneasiness in her stomach turn to—well, something like fear.
“Lord Tyrion’s sons are poisoned. The Circle of Thorns is holding ‘em hostage unless Lord Tyrion bows to their demands. He doesn’t say what. But he asked me to appeal to Emperor Godart. His words are…let me check.”
The [Dog Lord] found a folded piece of paper, carelessly crammed into his vest. He stared at it, and then read it out loud slowly.
“…hope Emperor Godart will recall any debts and the goodwill of House Veltras in this hour of need. If there is any [Alchemist] or [Healer] of such Skill as to be able to assist…he wants you to help find the cure.”
Rie stirred. This—was not good. The look on Laken’s face was murderous. She had feared this would happen. She hadn’t imagined Tyrion would reach out to Laken himself. It proved how desperate he truly was.
Damn Gralton. This was why Rie had omitted the Circle of Thorns as much as possible around Laken! It was not…
Not a good look. To put it mildly. Not all of the Circle’s highest members moved alike. Someone had ordered Magnolia’s death. Someone else—not the same person who’d ordered the assassination—had ordered the poisoning. That much Rie knew.
