7.55 E
Page 3
So far, the [Witches] haven’t given us more problems than the help they’ve been—[Witches] are an interesting combination of problem-solver, [Healer], [Mage], [Alchemist]…but as I come to Witching Street, very deserted except for [Witches] in their houses, the first problem manifests itself.
Few of the Unseen Empire’s people are near the street. They do indeed seem to avoid it if my landsense is correct. I don’t understand why. In my internal vision, the street is much like the rest. Oh, there’s the smell of some [Witch]’s experiment in the air—I cough.
“Ah. One of the apprentices must have fouled a batch.”
Failed experiment. I cough and fan at my face. Still, you’ll smell worse from a tanner, right?
“Any creepy [Witches], Prost?”
I laugh as I turn my head. Prost hesitates.
“Your Majesty…”
…And that’s when I hear it. Sense it, too. In the distance, there’s chanting. I stop chuckling. Fall silent.
Six small [Witches] are skipping down the street. Gamel makes a sound. I sense—behind me—a group of men and women coming back from the fields stiffen, then hurry off in the other direction. Fast.
They’re singing. So, six kids, ranging from as young as nine, to perhaps, a girl who’s thirteen? Singing? This doesn’t sound scary on paper.
But—is the air colder? I feel a chill. And tingling on my skin. Like goose bumps. I twitch—it feels as though there’s a hand on my shoulder.
“What the—”
My voice feels more quiet. I know there are people around me—but suddenly I feel as though I’m standing alone. The street feels wider. The voices echo as the girls skip forwards. Singing and laughing—no.
Chanting.
 
The hats are in the well, the bodies in the dell 
The gate is open and goes to hell
 
“Dead gods.”
Someone mutters behind me. I hear laughter, again. The girls are skipping down the street in a line. Then—they stop and start running in a circle around the one in the middle. Giggling.
 
The ghost is in my hat, her corpse is dark and fell
Take the bell and ring death’s knell
And don’t fall in the well!
 
I…feel someone grab my shoulders. I start—Durene is trying to hide behind me. I sense their heads turning, hear more high-pitched laughter.
“…Ah. That’s horrifying.”
I take it all back. I turn.
“Witch Eloise, Witch Hedag? Can you get them to stop that?”
“Girls!”
Eloise raises her voice. I hear giggling. The young [Witches] stop.
“Yes, Witch Eloise?”
They chorus as one voice. I hear a murmur from the side.
“They definitely practiced that.”
Wiskeria. Durene meanwhile is giving me a massage—or trying to pull the bones out of my shoulders with her fingers.
“Enough playing around.”
“But we’re not playing, Witch Eloise! We’re practicing our craft!”
Another six-in-one voice. More giggling. I hear Eloise sigh and beyond the basic, primal terror trying to pick at my common sense—it begins to come together.
“Ah. Not yours, Witch Eloise?”
“Not mine, Emperor Godart. Precisely the problem.”
“Well then, I think we’d better reconvene. They don’t stick to Witching Street, do they, Mister Prost? You were saying…”
“No, your Majesty. They wander down other streets. Lights go out when folk’re drinking in pubs. They peek into houses through the windows so you wake up and—”
He shudders. I begin to understand.
“Well, well. And I’ve been laughing it off so far. Creepy little girls indeed. We can’t have this. Suggestions?”
“If you’ll give me permission, I’ll stop them tonight, your Majesty.”
