7.55 E
Page 21
“Oh, dead gods.”
Revi sighed. Halrac stared at Ulvama. The Goblin pursed her lips, looking peeved.
“Wasn’t there a flea outbreak the last time a Goblin thief was caught and the Goblins had to pay a fine?”
“I think there was indeed. Well, it was slickly-done. And it would have worn off after twenty minutes. Hard to pin on Miss Goblin.”
She bared her teeth at Typhenous, then Halrac.
“Little prank.”
The [Scout]’s eyes narrowed. He put down his bow and the Goblins relaxed, including Ulvama. But Halrac’s scowl was warningly dour.
“I’ve had enough games. You’re quite well-spoken for a Goblin. Why are the Goblins here? Give me a straight answer.”
Ulvama chewed this over. At last, she spat.
“Fine. Goblins came because they heard about ‘Goblinlands.’ Too many Humans hunt them to the east. These Goblins are [Miners]. [Smiths]. They will make more ore and iron for your Humans. Happy?”
“No. But I’ll carry your words to Emperor Godart. How many Goblins are there? How many Hobs? And how armed are they?”
The [Shaman] spat answers and then stomped away. Revi was impressed as Halrac walked away.
“Wow, you actually got her to speak. Apparently that’s Ulvama. She hates Humans more than most.”
“I’m aware.”
Pebblesnatch had pointed her out on Griffon Hunt’s one tour of the Goblinlands. Not far in; just around the outside so she could show them some things from afar. Halrac climbed up the walls and for a moment, stood with his team.
“So? I guess it’s up for the [Emperor] to decide if he wants more Goblins. Let’s tell him. And about the fleas?”
“Tactfully, Revi. No doubt the [Shaman] will stop now her bluff has been called. We’ll bring it up in the throne room.”
“Hah. Nice throne.”
“Don’t laugh. He’s an important client, Revi.”
She ducked her head silently. Halrac looked back at the distant Pebblesnatch which he had seen while on Briganda’s shoulders.
“She looks happy.”
Briganda offered cautiously. Halrac nodded after a moment.
“Happier than I thought a Goblin would be. They’re fed, no one’s actually attacking them…”
He trailed off. And then there was Ulvama. Typhenous stroked at his beard and Revi bit her tongue.
“So, do you think it’s okay? To leave them like this? Just…for a while?”
The Gold-rank Captain folded his arms. Revi went on.
“We’ll just monitor them until we can get a break. In a month, or if another team shows up. And then…we ask to take Pebblesnatch back to Invrisil. Go through the door, Erin’s happy, and we can let her know there are more Goblins here that don’t need rescuing.”
Typhenous nodded. So did Briganda—the issue was Halrac. He stared ahead.
“It’s lying by omission. She would want to know.”
“Halrac! She’ll come here, punch everyone, and cause a riot! You know Erin! She’ll find the Goblins, hear [Emperor] Godart out, and then go, ‘I’m the Face-Punching Consequences girl’ and hit him!”
“The face-punching…”
Typhenous chuckled at the look on Halrac’s face. Revi blushed.
“You know what I mean! She says stuff like that! Look—we’re here. Let’s just watch the Goblins. It’s not like there’s more space back at Liscor, is there? Or that Watch Captain Zevara is keen on having more?”
All valid points. Halrac rubbed at his hair. Was it really okay? He saw Typhenous nodding, and Briganda’s shrug of amiable indifference. Revi looked at the guarded Goblinlands and her face went sober.
“Anyways. It’s not just Erin we’d have to watch for. It’s Numbtongue.”
