7.55 E
Page 12
Pebblesnatch had actually figured out how to make garlic powder. It was super dry and she’d removed the edible-but-tasteless shell as a snack. Now she added ginger and the powdered garlic to the stock and mixed it all up.
Her guests kept watching Pebblesnatch to make sure she didn’t wipe her nose with her claws or do something weird. Which she’d never do! Pebblesnatch had learned from the best. You scratched your butt after cooking properly.
She brought the stock up to a simmer after a taste. Yum. Any Goblin would eat this as it was, but Pebblesnatch had learned the joys of cooking. Well, a snobby Mountain City Goblin might not…
The Goblin took this time to admire the stone stove. And the kitchen! What a lovely kitchen! The Human [Cook] was staring at her nervously, but the Goblin had been able to use the kitchen.
What next? Eggses. Lots of eggs. Pebblesnatch whisked them up in a huge bowl. Fat big eggs, small eggs…
“Um. Halrac. Those are wild bird’s eggs.”
“It’s probably edible.”
Pebblesnatch ignored her audience. She whisked up her broth vigorously as it simmered. Then—in went the eggs! Not all at once! She poured the blended mixture in and it became little fragments. Mm.
“Now she’s licking the bowl, Halrac.”
“She’s done with the bowl. I think.”
You had to lick things clean. The Goblin glared at her guests. Yum, raw egg. She smacked her lips.
Revi needn’t have feared. Pebblesnatch was amazing. She’d gotten a new Skill as a [Forager Cook]. And that was: [Remove Food Poisoning]. No more throwing up or having mad poos after the wrong thing!
Anyways, she was doing this right. The soup was all hot and Pebblesnatch took it off the burner and added some magic.
Hot spices! Green onions! A bit of butter! And done! Pebblesnatch’s Dropped Eggs Soup was done! It had bits of chicken, a nice spice, eggs…and it was a soup!
You couldn’t ask for more than that, could you? The Goblin heaved it over to the table in a big pot and began ladling it into bowls. She stared at her guests for breakfast this morning.
Griffon Hunt examined the meal as they sat in one of the mess halls of Riverfarm. In the Human lands. Not the Goblinlands. And here was Pebblesnatch.
“I’ve never seen a soup like that.”
The Human [Cook] edged around Pebblesnatch and into his kitchen, as if to make sure she hadn’t stolen everything or poisoned it while he was blinking. The other Humans, who’d been surreptitiously watching the Cave Goblin, eyed the glistening soup with the same dubious expressions.
But Halrac? He’d been in an inn and served this exact soup. It wasn’t the same, but the adventurer took the bowl Pebblesnatch offered him. He dipped a spoon into the broth, blew on it, and put it into his mouth.
The [Cook] waited. Halrac’s face didn’t change as he chewed the egg bits, then swallowed. The rest of his team, especially Revi, waited. Briganda pulled Cade’s hand away from his bowl.
“It’s good. And it tastes like the other soup. Just more chicken. I’m almost certain it’s safe, Briganda.”
It’s almost certainly safe. Pebblesnatch exhaled slowly. That was the kind of praise you worked these long hours for. Especially from Halrac. She beamed as the [Scout], of his own volition, took another spoonful.
“The things I do. Are you sure, Halrac? That was a lot of eggs.”
“Doesn’t Ceria eat them raw, Revi? It looks a sight better than most of the cuisine I had as a boy, I must say.”
Typhenous took a bowl and ate with good humor. It was actually a pretty good soup and Pebblesnatch seized a loaf of white bread which would go well with it. Briganda tried some before giving it to Cade.
