7.55 E
Page 19
“Goblins listen to the wind. Tell [Emperor] that.”
Pebblesnatch opened and closed her mouth. And how was she supposed to say all that? She did her best; Ulvama had been teaching her.
“Emperor stink-brain.”
Ulvama raised her smacking-hand and Pebblesnatch leapt behind Raidpear. The Hobgoblin smacked his lips.
“Pebblesnatch make good foods in Human-land?”
Dropped Eggs in Soup! Pebblesnatch nodded eagerly. Ulvama’s ears perked up. But hold on! They weren’t done with this Goblin issue!
…Unfortunately, everyone else seemed to be. The Greystone Chieftain was consulting with Sparkstones—mostly about what they could expect to mine and how the food situation was looking. He brightened up as Sparkstones pointed at Pebblesnatch.
“Dropped Eggs? Mm. Make, make.”
Leafarmor ushered the little Cave Goblin over to her cooking area—considerably less fancy and hygienic than the Human ones—but Pebblesnatch had Skills now. The [Forager Cook] happily grabbed the biggest pot. She was so glad she’d tested out her recipe on Griffon Hunt first!
“Raidpear. The Humans. Pebblesnatch tells them first.”
Ulvama plucked at Raidpear’s shoulder. They had to be assuaged! The Redfang looked at her blankly.
“Mountain City thinking. Humans get angry anyways. Not Pebblesnatch fault.”
She blew out her cheeks. Mountain City thinking? It was so much harder for Ulvama to find support—and Raidpear was no Tremborag, undisputed ruler of the tribe who thought along the same lines. Leafarmor had as much authority as he did.
Frustrating! She had been able to command thousands of Goblins at her whim, and the entire tribe through Tremborag! The [Shaman]’s magical body paints began to glow as she got annoyed.
“Pebblesnatch tells Humans—”
“Ulvama tells Humans herself. Ulvama has best words.”
Leafarmor twisted as Pebblesnatch adjusted her hat and prepared to work the wonders of culinary magic. Ulvama hesitated. But Sparkstones looked up with the Greystone Chieftain, Raidpear’s ears twitched as he kept his silence—
She’d gone too far this time. The [Shaman] bared her teeth as the other Goblins regarded her expectantly, and then turned away. After a minute, she turned and stomped off towards the Human’s lands.
It wasn’t just that it was a mix of tribes and not the Mountain City tribe alone. It was that—Raidpear, Leafarmor, even the Greystone Chieftain, were not the kind of Goblins to inspire the others to action. They had not the ambition, not the drive. Ulvama needed…a [Chieftain]. Or for that damn door to start working.
 
—-
 
“Anything?”
“…It looks like she’s gone back to making that soup.”
“What? I thought she was going to ask about the new Goblins! What do we do?”
Revi lost her temper as Griffon Hunt waited on the Human walls. Halrac said nothing. He was watching from a vantage point…which was Briganda’s shoulders.
The Unseen Empire had yet to put up towers, which would have given their [Archers] an unparalleled shooting position. And that was because Laken had let civilians make the damn wall. The Goblins had sniper towers, but Halrac didn’t want to stand on the ones Riverfarm had in progress.
“Halrac, you’re a lot heavier than Cade. You going to take much longer?”
Briganda glowered up at Halrac. He didn’t look down at her.
“Stop moving. I think one of them’s coming this way.”
“Pebblesnatch? One of the Redfangs?”
“No. The [Shaman].”
“Ah!”
Typhenous smiled and stroked his beard. Revi looked at him in disgust.
“You old lecher. That’s a Goblin.”
