7.55 E
Page 31
If I have to, I’ll let you ride to House Veltras, Eloise. And you will not make it. 
That was the best solution she could imagine. Laken made an effort which Rie would publicize, and the Circle wouldn’t be interfered with. Laken’s fingers drummed on the table.
“Is that your belief, Witch Eloise? Who among the [Witches] in Riverfarm are good with poisons? In Izril?”
Eloise’s eyes flicked towards Laken and then at Hedag and Mavika. The two gave her silent looks Rie tried to interpret.
“In Riverfarm? I believe you mean, cures, your Majesty. Wiskeria, for instance, knows poisons. Cures are much harder. You can mix swamp water into a cup and hope it makes someone sick, but neutralizing a poison…if it were simple, I’d name Agratha, and half a dozen other [Witches].”
“And for this case?”
“Probably myself. In Izril, there are oh, a number of experts. I know of someone as accomplished as I am in both poisoning and curing. But—I doubt she would consent. Among the healers, then, I’d be most suited in this region.”
Eloise’s eyes slid sideways to Mavika and the older [Witch] shook her head slightly. Rie’s eyes narrowed.
Another expert? Well, it didn’t matter. She’d have to arrive at the mansion and there was at least one of the Faces there ready to halt anyone.
“Really? Then, Witch Eloise, do you think you could cure a poisoned [Lord]? Two of them?”
“Yes.”
What a fast answer! Eloise sipped her tea with the unshakable confidence that made Rie very nervous. She went on.
“In time, certainly. But as Lady Valerund says—the issue is not merely me attending to these two poor children, but arriving there in one piece. And I fear, your Majesty, that the journey is too dangerous for me to undertake.”
Rie exhaled. Laken frowned.
“Really, Witch Eloise? What if I were to offer Witch Mavika the chance to oppose her foes and her price? Certainly—if I couldn’t name it myself, House Veltras can. And an escort? Beniar, Griffon Hunt—”
“No, your Majesty. Please, hear Witch Mavika out.”
Eloise gestured to Mavika. The [Emperor] stopped and Rie was rewarded with a look of genuine frustration.
“Surely, Witch Mavika, you could escort Eloise that far?”
The bird-[Witch] looked uncomfortable. She folded her arms as her raven glared around the room.
“Each one to their task, Emperor Godart. If you ask me to kill one of this Circle’s agents, this I may consider, with spell and malice and wing and claw. But if you ask me to protect—it is not my craft, and not what I do. An [Assassin] is honed to kill. That is not my craft or will.”
So she’d fail. Everyone interpreted this after a moment. Laken emitted a frustrated sigh. Eloise adjusted her hat again. And Rie was…
Impressed, really. Look at these two [Witches], being practical. They didn’t outright say they understood how dangerous the Circle of Thorns was, but they were refusing all the same. Well, she had heard [Witches] were a sensible lot.
“Even if it’s not your specialty, Witch Mavika, what about…an army? Let’s say you, a Gold-ranked team, Lord Radivaek?”
“I have dogs. Not that I’d pit them against poison-wielding bastards. But go on, Godart.”
“Witch Hedag, your role strikes me as protection. What about you? Other [Witches]?”
A booming laugh from Hedag, but she shook her head.
“You mistake me, Godart-boy, although I see how you came to the conclusion! But think of a Hedag. A Hedag comes once there’s rot to be found and hacks it away. If I protect—it’s those that cry out for help, from small evil. Small men and women. Not flashing blades. Not a hero’s lot.”
