7.55 E
Page 17
The Greystone’s Chieftain was astonished. And upset. He was a self-proclaimed rival to Pyrite; his tribe had known the Goldstone’s Tribe as the two wandered mining ranges. Unlike Pyrite—his Goblins were specialists in using mineable ore to make weapons of iron, even armor. They were sought-after by other Goblin tribes who paid them to arm their warriors.
“Goldstone Chieftain too hard to kill. Mistake.”
“Dead. Impaled-dead. Sacrifice death. But death.”
Sparkstones’ bleak tones convinced the other Chieftain. He had to walk off and kick the nearest Goblin he found. After a brief fight; it had been a Mountain City Goblin, he came back.
“Good miner, Goldstone Chieftain. Good miner. Many pretty, worthless stones.”
And that was all he said. If he sounded callous; he had seen it before. Even good tribes died.
What interested Ulvama was the state of the tribe, not why the Greystone Chieftain had come. She knew why he had come.
She had summoned his tribe.
The Greystone Tribe was a proper one. It had a [Shaman], it did not have an odd tribal composition, or something unique about it like…every other tribe in the Goblinlands. It was not freakishly strong like the Redfangs with an imbalance of Hobs; the Greystones had seven total and they looked askance at the Redfang Hobs, probably hoping their Chieftain wouldn’t make them challenge the famous tribe to see who was best.
They also had a [Shaman]. She was a [Stoneshaper Shaman], low-level but with the kind of spells that really helped a tribe like the Greystones. Ore detection, melding stone to move the right way, sensing or preventing passage collapses…
She bowed repeatedly to Ulvama, who condescended to let her join the Greystone Chieftain for this meeting. The Hob rumbled.
“Good walls. Lots of Humans. Shaman say come. So come. Hunted-death otherwise.”
Raidpear and Leafarmor nodded knowingly. So did Sparkstones. Ulvama made an irritable noise.
“What hunters? Where was Greystone Tribe before this? Explain.”
She spoke in the common tongue. Reluctantly, the Greystone Chieftain rumbled more explanations.
To the two Redfang Hobs, Leafarmor and Raidpear, the Greystone’s plight was one that many tribes that weren’t the Redfangs had suffered. His tribe was average-sized. Which meant they sometimes would raid very weak [Trader] caravans, steal, attack villages if desperate—but they never really fought Humans. Indeed, the Greystones lived off of trading with other tribes rather than conflict.
And if a rising tide raised all ships or whatever the saying was, a strong Goblin brought wrath down upon every tribe. The Goblin Lord was dead at the Siege of Liscor, but the Humans had kept eliminating Goblin tribes for months thereafter.
“Too many Humans. Too many hunters. Tribe hide. Tribe run. Much running-death. Too-strong Humans come. Gold-ranks. And then…”
The Greystone Chieftain shuddered.
“Arcsinger.”
The other Goblins went quiet. Even Ulvama bit her lip in silence.
Elia Arcsinger, the famous Named Adventurer was operating out of Invrisil. And wherever her famous name travelled—Goblins died. The Greystones had been trading with three other Goblin tribes in the eastern hills around the same time as the Ogre raids. Retaliation from adventuring teams had wiped out the other tribes to his knowledge and sent the Ogres fleeing higher. The Greystone Chieftain had been prepared to do the same—when Ulvama had found his [Shaman].
“Ulvama?”
Raidpear looked at Ulvama. Leafarmor frowned darkly and Sparkstones struck a shower of sparks into the fire she was building, muttering. Ulvama smiled sweetly at Raidpear.
