7.56
Page 36
It was her fault. A few minutes later, when Erin woke up in the staff room, that was the first thing she said. Of course—it was jumbled, what with everyone asking how she was, concerned—
Ryoka got it. So did Jasi, Wesle, a few others when they saw the problem. But it was all Erin’s fault, obviously.
She should have said it. She had put off the Players for so long, and the trouble was they’d believed her. When she should have said the truth.
Which was that this—this wasn’t what Erin wanted.
Kilkran couldn’t even understand it. He thought Erin was sick. Something gone down wrong? Others sort of got it, like Jelaqua opining that Erin had ‘had too much excitement’ while she comforted a worried Mrsha with Moore.
But it was the half-Giant. Ryoka, Seborn…probably Viceria to some degree. Numbtongue at times. Hedault for sure.
It was that Erin did not enjoy huge crowds. Or all the attention being on her. She was, in a new parlance that Rose kept telling to non-Earthers, an introvert. Which was an odd thing to call Erin.
Erin, the [Innkeeper]? The same young woman who ran a huge inn? Who…was really bad at managing staff? Who liked to sit with her friends rather than talk to everyone at once? Who, up till coming from Earth had played chess…
That made more sense. Still odd. Still strange, to people who lived for attention. Because they thrived on it. Erin on the other hand—could wave a flag in the middle of a street, stand down a riot. If she had to. If it mattered.
This grand party was not for her, anyways. She wasn’t someone who came from a big city, or who went to parties all the time. Erin Solstice woke up. She saw the others keeping her well-wishers back.
“Erin? Are you okay? I’m sorry if we overburdened you—”
Jasi was looking at Erin. The young woman babbled.
“I’m—not—I have to—”
The [Actress] drew back. Erin tried to breathe. Again, the world grayed out around her. She felt dizzy, sick. She had to go! This was too much, too—
“Calm. The calming winds from Pheislant’s shores/Makes me return evermore.”
Someone sang for a moment and Erin heard it, over the pounding of her ears. The others drew back. Then—Barelle the [Bard] was sitting there. He had played on his lyre. A blue chord, deep as the sea. But gentle.
“Miss Solstice, I apologize for my performance. It was a poor one and I took it too lightly. Another sign I have yet to master my craft.”
The [Bard] sat there. Erin looked at him. She inhaled—and realized everyone else was gone. He’d ushered them out of the room.
“Oh. I’m—I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I also have to apologize—I exiled your friends. They meant well, but I think less people would be helpful, don’t you?”
The [Bard] looked at Erin. She nodded meekly.
“I’m sorry. I ruined your performance. I didn’t mean to. It was just—too much. I’ve never done that before. Ever.”
“Fainted?”
She nodded, blushing. She’d never…and she’d fought Skinner! She’d been in far worse situations. She was reminded of the Christmas party…why did it always happen like that?
“You strike me as someone who does poorly at events not of your choosing. Fight your battle where you want. Mihaela Godfrey, who was in the news today, was like that. She could walk into a room and demand attention, but throw her a surprise party and she’d run off rather than deal with it. I should know—I was booked for one and she left after two minutes.”
The [Bard] winked. Erin felt a bit better. She knew he was trying to encourage her. And it was working. She took another breath. Then she tried to swing her legs off the couch.
“I should get up. Reassure everyone—”
“Sit.”
