7.56
Page 14
“Interesting. Miss Drassi? Could I trouble you ever so much for another sandwich? Thank you.”
The two sat back with a sigh. There were some things to complain about, but they’d miss this service. And the food was getting better! If only there was some fine company…Wilovan had seen a wonderfully built Gnoll woman, but she was alas, spoken for. As all good women were.
 
—-
 
Mrsha happily ran towards the laptop as Kevin sighed and went back to his work. Mrsha raced into the secret Earth-rooms and found…
Numbtongue was hunched over with a blanket on his shoulders, playing on the laptop with the touchpad. He didn’t say anything as Mrsha waved at him.
Numbtongue, hey, Numbtongue! I need to use that!
He ignored her when she crawled onto the table to sign. She reached for the keys—he swatted her away.
He was playing the game! The game with the guns! Mrsha glowered. Then she eyed Numbtongue’s features. How…long had he been playing?
Thanks to Palt and the other [Mages], who resented being used as walking batteries, you could recharge the electronics practically all day. Numbtongue growled as Mrsha tried to push at him. She signed furiously.
Let me use it!
“Go away. I’m winning.”
He was on the hardest difficulty, playing—Mrsha grabbed the laptop. Numbtongue shot to his feet with a roar. He was going to lose his life and the record! The two fought for it. Mrsha found herself pressed against the floor by a foot while Numbtongue played. She wriggled.
Mrsha the Computer Wizard would not be surpassed! She had to have a turn! But Numbtongue seized the laptop, avoiding her lunge, grabbed her, pushed her out the door—and then sat against it while she howled and pounded on it, demanding to be let in.
 
—-
 
“Numbtongue did what? Well…he was um, playing, wasn’t he? Yes. I know, Mrsha. I’ll tell him. But you can’t just grab it. Oh, you didn’t grab it? Did you ask first?”
Lyonette was having the first inter-family dispute. And it was rather familiar to the fights she remembered her mother having to break up between her siblings. Mrsha was actually in tears.
Whether she was that distraught Lyonette very much doubted. But the Gnoll was upset that Numbtongue had wrongfully…not allowed her to use the laptop because it was ‘her time.’ She demanded Lyonette fix the issue! Now!
“How about we talk it over with Numbtongue? And you have to talk, Mrsha. Okay?”
Lyonette sighed. Mrsha stomped her feet and folded her arms. She marched with Lyonette over to the Earth-rooms. She was going to give Numbtongue a piece of her mind! She was gonna—
He was gone. Mrsha looked around. Lyonette sighed.
“Uh oh.”
Numbtongue had correctly anticipated Mrsha would bring reinforcements. And like any Redfang, he’d chosen his battleground. He was gone.
“Mrsha, we’ll talk to him when he gets back. Mrsha, no, really—”
But the Gnoll was on the scent. She followed Numbtongue back through the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary]…and promptly lost it.
Darn! Teleporting doors meant that there was no continuous trail! Mrsha was getting angrier. He could be hiding in the jungle or—or in his room, or—
“Erin! Erin, Numbtongue is mean! Find him!”
The Gnoll furiously came over to Erin and demanded she help as Erin was chatting to Imani about stupid poo-things, like new recipes and ingredients and budgets! Erin looked down, distracted.
“What? Numbtongue, mean? That can’t be right. Did you ask him to make you a [Warrior] again, Mrsha? You know he takes it seriously. Listen, I need to talk to Imani—”
