7.56
Page 30
Mrsha bouncing on Lyonette’s lap as she stared at the colorful Humans all dressed up, cartwheeling and flipping past the slow moving carriage, providing entertainment enroute. Numbtongue in his costume, looking around just as excitedly. Lyonette sat like a…[Princess], dignified, but with a flush of excitement in her cheeks.
Selys looked astounded. Salamani was enjoying himself. And there were a few hangers-on who’d begged an invitation and got it. Krshia, who’d run up from Liscor dragging Elirr, Hexel, and Octavia, a Human that Hedault didn’t recognize from the inn, Drassi, Menolit…
Some odd representatives there. They’d begged favors, snuck into the event, all on the name of one person at the center of it. Jasi was waving and trying to speak as, on the other side, Wesle blew a kiss and winked. Hedault stared at Erin Solstice.
Then at the scene. The street was a rush of noise and lights and attention as the procession made its way forwards. Emme was speaking with dozens of people at once. Restaurant? They were fighting for the honor—and the publicity! Shows? The group would have to split up, if only because no one could move with all the Players in force, but they’d be entertained until Elisial began! And their guest of honor and her friends—people were already pointing.
The Solstice Booth. It wasn’t a hard connection to make. Hedault had made it in less than a second when he’d heard of it. But at last—you had to ask who that was that the Players were fawning over.
The inevitable was happening. Erin Solstice was the center of tens of thousands of eyes. Visiting nobles who had their reservations at the Djinni’s Spoon cancelled, Lady Ieka’s coach, which had to stop for the VIP’s—
 
Behold. Look, and see the person we owe it all to. Our great friend. Chellise, one of the [Actors], jogged up to Mrsha.
“Here! Go ahead and shoot them off!”
Mrsha took the wand and waved it. The Gnoll saw a glowing will-o-wisp fly upwards. It spun in a crazy pattern into the sky and exploded. Her eyes went round with delight. Numbtongue grabbed one, and more lights illuminated the street.
“Hold that pose, Miss! For the Player’s friends!”
A [Speed Painter] was desperately capturing Galina on canvas. More entertainers hurried forwards, all too willing to accept the gold the Players were practically throwing away. If you had the gold and clout Invrisil would light up for you.
The only people not here who could have been were those like Olesm and Maviola, Ishkr—who was on inn-duty, having volunteered for it, Bird, who just wanted leftovers…
“There they are! Dead gods! Erin! Erin! Let us come, please? We ran as fast as we could when Selys sent us—”
People shouted and pointed, thinking more entertainers were on the way. The [Bodyguards] keeping the crowds back turned to this new threat—and backed up apprehensively. To their relief, the Players recognized the new group and waved them on.
Maughin, Jelaqua, Moore, Seborn, Ulinde, all squeezed into the procession. Anyone who knew Erin Solstice was being let through.
“Whoops! Excuse me, Miss. Are you with the inn’s guests?”
The [Guard] let a creeping Gnoll come through behind the Halfseekers. Liska hesitated and checked her apron. It had the inn written on it. How handy!
“Yes. Yes, absolutely.”
“Right this way, Miss.”
Ishkr would kill her later. The Gnoll happily swung herself up into one of the open wagons an [Actor] had commandeered. She saw vendors handing out food to anyone who wanted it and waved.
