7.56
Page 44
“Ow! Ryoka, that hurts like—was that how hard I hit you?”
Erin clutched at her head. Ryoka raised the staff again and a man cleared his throat.
“I’m terribly sorry, and we of course take full responsibility. Just a bit of a to-do after a lady got her purse snatched.”
A man tipped his hat at her. Erin eyed Wilovan and the group behind her.
“…Erin. What is this?”
Eltistiman looked like he was about to laugh or run. And if the hats came off…he probably would. But Erin was beaming in that way of hers.
“I brought guests! I thought you said I could bring whoever I wanted! And for the play?”
“Yes, but—”
Emme and Grev, who knew something of who these strange men were, spluttered. But Erin insisted. And as it happened—the Brothers were the best of guests.
Dinner was nearly over, anyways. So the group marched towards the Season’s Theatre. People stared. They took note. And yes, it was attention and yes, people stared at faces. It bothered Ryoka more, the second time.
But Erin Solstice was laughing now. Relaxed. Because some of the people who were being stared at were men who tipped their hats, bemused, even stunned at the attention they normally never got. For a second, the Brothers stood in the limelight. Their hats were plain, but well-kept. For a moment they dazzled like stars.
Then—and then—the group filed into the booths. Erin Solstice sat, without anyone announcing on stage that they had a special guest. But people stared. They pointed. Because of course, they noticed the booth was full.
The Solstice Booth! They stared upwards…at Joseph, Galina, Troy, Leon, Montressa, Bezale, and some others. Erin sat in one of the other booths, Mrsha on her lap and Lyonette and Ryoka’s with the Hatmen, Palt, Imani, and watched and laughed and sighed.
 
—-
 
It was a good night after all. Inevitably, word would spread. You couldn’t take back microscopes, but there was good for the ill. The Brothers tipped their hats to Erin after the play and the seven-minute standing ovation. They disappeared and the group strolled back to the inn, flushed, talking excitedly. The cast were going to sign autographs for an hour, as they did, and meet them there.
“That was—amazing! It’s so much different on stage, and with effects!”
“And when you’re not distracted and no one’s talking?”
Lyonette was smiling too. Erin had to admit that was true. Ratici and Wilovan strolled along at the back, and the Gnoll was talking with Bezale—flirting, rather. The Minotauress was rebuffing him, but not very hard.
It was a fine night. It had been not-so-great in places. Erin had to admit. But like she’d told Saliss—the good and ill had to mix.
Speaking of which…Tyrion Veltras had been popping up in conversation all night. Ryoka had heard his name and since he was on her short list of people she needed, she turned to Fierre.
“What’s this about? I thought Couriers were coming from First Landing to deliver the cure. Did something happen?”
She saw Fierre staring at her. Ryoka hadn’t heard? Neither—as it turned out—had Salamani. They’d both been occupied. The Vampire girl bit her lip.
Erin had a different thought as Ryoka mentioned Tyrion. She looked around. Shame Maviola hadn’t been here, and Olesm. But it was time. They’d met—but it was really time to get Maviola on board with Ryoka’s plan.
Tomorrow. Let it be…tomorrow. For now, Erin thrust open the doors to her inn, ready to begin the second phase of her party, on her terms, in her place.
“I’m back! Numbtongue’s here! We got him! Don’t worry, Ishkr!”
The Gnoll looked up and raised an eyebrow.
“I know.”
