7.56
Page 26
Now tempers were cooling, both Lyonette and Numbtongue were ashamed. And Mrsha too. Of course—they processed it differently. The Hobgoblin was very embarrassed—especially since it had been his fictitious game that had started all this. Even going as far as hurting Lyonette and Mrsha, who’d been attacking him after he hurt her mother.
Mrsha had tried to punch and kick Numbtongue, who was her favorite Goblin! And…she might have started all this.
Shame to go around. Except maybe Lyonette. She was still just mad. The look she was giving Numbtongue was incendiary.
Erin looked a bit exasperated. But she’d been a far more effective voice of reason than Ryoka. The City Runner felt a bit useless as she sidled into the conversation.
“…No one’s right. We’ll have a family meeting about it, okay? Okay?”
All sides were nodding. A family meeting later, to discuss the first actual fight between them. Someone would also probably have to tell Bird why everyone was upset.
It was funny—from the outside—childish, concerning, and more. But it was small drama even so. Erin breathed out. Not exactly like Xrn or the Callers.
“Sorry. Again, Emme. Jasi. I know you’re busy.”
“It’s fine, Erin. Little fights? I remember nearly biting Grev when he stole my favorite cutting knife. We fought about that for a month.”
Jasi laughed. Grev, who had been watching with his feet up on a table, called out.
“She smacked me silly twice! Didn’t stop me from keeping it. A fellow needs to protect himself on the street!”
“You never even poked anyone with it, just waved it around!”
The [Lead Actress] snapped back. The others laughed.
“Really, Numbtongue. You came here, though? I thought it would be the Strongheart’s.”
Erin looked at Numbtongue. The [Bard] was still red in the cheeks. Wesle came to his rescue, laughing with practiced naturality.
“Numbtongue’s been coming here more and more. We promised to host him at a restaurant with his disguise—salt birds, right? And he’s welcome to it. I keep telling you, Erin…you don’t take any of our favors!”
The [Innkeeper] rolled her eyes.
“I don’t need all the stuff you want! And that goose was great, Kilkran, but who eats salt-baked birds all the time? Besides Bird.”
“Miss Solstice, you wound us! I’d take you to any restaurant in the city! Any attraction! Gelato? The menager—er, wondrous shows, our plays—which you’ve refused to watch in their proper setting! But you refuse each time! It’s enough to break a man’s heart.”
Kilkran pretended to swoon backwards into two [Actor]’s arms. Pralcem instantly dropped his side of the huge man. Amid the swearing and laughter, Erin chuckled along.
“I know. I know, but I’m a homebody. I will visit the booth! Promise! I do wish I’d gone to the restaurant—another time, maybe?”
“What restaurant? What booth?”
Ryoka hadn’t heard of this. There was so much to catch up on—and the Players, love em, but—they weren’t exactly highest on the list. Erin tried to explain.
“Oh, they have that booth named after me, remember?”
“I know, but the restaurant?”
The Djinni’s Spoon? Ryoka, after hearing the name, instantly wanted to go. And she was amazed Erin hadn’t gone.
“It’s just—it’s fancy, I’m running the inn—”
“So you’re too busy to go to a play?”
Erin flapped a hand as the others jeered good-naturedly.
“Ryoka! Whose side are you on?”
“Not the side that stays in your inn when friends want to take you on a night in Invrisil. Erin, have you ever actually toured this city?”
“Um. Well—about that—in my defense—”
“Erin Solstice, you have to let us show you around sometime! Just promise!”
Erin threw up her hands.
