7.56
Page 45
Erin laughed. She motioned the others into the inn.
“I forgot to tell you—sorry. Or did someone else? There was this thing—ah, the family meeting! We’ll do it tomorrow.”
She saw Lyonette and Numbtongue exchange a glance. Ishkr leaned on his broom, eying the incoming horde with resignation. He had been enjoying the peace and quiet. He saw Liska trying to sneak past them and his eyes narrowed.
But Ishkr still smiled. The Gnoll had a secret. Two, actually. But the other one was a short-term secret. Not his sister’s woes. He nodded towards the inn.
“I know Numbtongue is back, Erin. He’s been here ever since you left. You just missed him.”
Erin blinked. She looked at Numbtongue. She looked at Ishkr.
“Hah. That can’t be. He’s right…”
The Gnoll winked at her. Erin stood there. Numbtongue was here? But he was—her eyes widened.
Ryoka saw her run down the hallway. Numbtongue was faster. He burst through the door. People turned. And there—another Hobgoblin was sitting. Two of them. They turned. And the one who you could mistake for Numbtongue, if you were an idiot and thought all Goblins were the same, rose to his feet.
“Numbtongue?”
Badarrow got no further because Numbtongue tackled him. And Erin skidded into her inn and saw Snapjaw laughing—then look up.
Then the real drama began.
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Believe it or not, I thought this and next chapter could be 1 chapter. How silly. But the author is sometimes silly!
You might be able to tell that this chapter sums up both other side stories. It doesn’t give all the fun bits, but that’s okay. It’s two chapters that lost plus ½ of the chapter scheduled. You do that math.
Hope you enjoy! The next chapter should HOPEFULLY not be this long, but I am in good form for now. Thanks for reading! I’ll leave you with some good stuffs!
 
ArtsyNada has done it again! She’s done another comic, of Imani and Palt’s food woes, as well as Xrn! We also have Eris, who’d done pixel art of Ryoka expression a very common reaction, and Numbtongue! Lastly, but certainly not lastly, AuspiciousOctopi has done a number of very relevant pictures like Fierre, Fuzzylips and Jasi, and more! Thanks so much for the amazing art!
 
Wonderous Fare, Fierre, Hexel, Fuzzylips and more by AuspiciousOctopi!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/auspiciousoctopi
                                                                                          
 
Facepalm and Numbtongue Animated by Eris!
 
 
Cooking Woes by ArtsyNada, and Xrn the Small Queen!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
 
 

