7.56
Page 35
The [Bard] announced with a smile. He plucked another string, this one bright green, and the air came to life. It was the sound of spring. Ryoka had to know what the lyre was. Would the fae—? Surely they would love it. This was a storyteller to tell stories worthy of them.
“Eat, speak, dine, and of course, enjoy. I only ask that you give me time to perform without having to compete.”
Everyone nodded at that. Barelle went on.
“I am a [Fartraveller Bard], a [Bard of Stories]. I have been both. I have seen terrible tragedies, walked through war, and spoken with those who fought against legends, both monsters and men like the King of Destruction. I have performed for [Kings] and [Beggars] and been humbled by both former and latter. Tonight though, I think we have no time for such stories. Nor shall I compete with Elisial!”
“Too right, because you’d lose!”
Andel spoke up. There was a laugh; Ryoka felt like kicking the [Writer]. But Barelle chuckled along.
“We all tell stories. So today, while you sup, I shall relate ten comedies of Terandria. Fools and fantasy all!”
He plucked at a third magical chord. This one was bright, like a yellow canary’s feather. And when it hummed—it sounded like the very essence of laughter. More followed, provoked by the sound itself.
Now this was entertainment! Two thirds of the room immediately drifted over. Including Xrn. She looked back at Ryoka and nodded to Barelle as if to say—‘see? This is what I meant.’
This is magic too.
Ryoka got it. Barelle looked across the room. He smiled—
And made his first mistake. Not that he could have known.
“But first, an ode. I was asked to make a brief sonnet, some poor verse to honor the guest of the hour! A young woman who—as I understand it—fits with every story and legend I know! I should be honored to speak to the woman herself—”
Every head began to turn. And the [Innkeeper], who had been relaxing next to Grev and Jasi and Wesle, suddenly stiffened again. Barelle was looking at her. He played a fourth note. This one pulsed like midnight, and the air darkened. Like that of a stage in itself.
“A young woman who led an army to battle. Who rescued adventurers from a dungeon. Who—and I have seen this myself! Fought Wyverns in the City of Inventions. The very same young woman who helped create the Players of Celum! There are those who change this world for good or ill. Flos Reimarch. Mihaela Godfrey. Xrn, the Small Queen.”
His eyes flickered. Ryoka started. But Barelle continued without missing a beat.
“This young woman has done so much already. Already—three cities and more are connected, across hundreds of miles thanks to her! Already, a team of adventurers reached Gold-rank for her help! I am speaking of course, of Erin Solstice. And to her, I shall play—”
Erin Solstice heard a roaring sound in her ears. She saw Barelle, in a shroud of…mist? Speaking. And people were looking at her. Applauding…Erin didn’t hear it.
The [Bard] began to play. Erin took a breath. Then another. Jasi was beaming. Grev looked smug. Wesle—Wesle picked up on it. Everyone was watching Barelle and he was concentrating as he played, using the magical notes sparingly. But his eyes were on his audience too.
“Erin?”
But she didn’t hear Wesle speaking. Barelle had begun singing—but he stopped. Erin saw him lower his hands. And then everyone was looking at her again. The [Innkeeper] tried to rise. Jasi was touching her arm. Erin looked around. She took another breath—
And then she fainted.
 
—-
 
