7.56
Page 20
“Sweep the upper floors! Watch the windows!”
There were [Guards] on the outside, covering the hill from below. Ratici and Wilovan stared at Erin. She stared back.
“Did you…?”
They looked at her. Faces unreadable. Just—alert. Erin looked over her shoulder.
“The door?”
“Secure, Watch Captain!”
A voice from the inside. Zevara was cursing.
“They might have gone through to Invrisil. But I want this inn swept! Damn. Perimeter—check the outhouses! Of all the stupid—”
A squad of [Guards] rushed outside. Past the [Innkeeper]. They flung open the doors to the outhouses—then thought to circle around. There was an exclamation. Zevara whirled.
“C—”
She rushed outside, sword drawn. Zevara’s breath was drawn to exhale—she saw a [Guard], shamefaced, shaking his head at her.
“Guardsman?”
“I…stepped in some crap, Watch Captain. Nothing here.”
Zevara saw him wiping at the grass. Someone had been really upset while waiting for a turn. Or it was little Ekirra. Again. Zevara looked around. She eyed Erin. The [Innkeeper] hadn’t moved.
“Did you find—”
“Not yet. Stay there, Miss Solstice. Sweep the inn!”
So they did. The Watch, 4th Company, and the Antinium squad searched the inn from top to bottom, rooms, everywhere—they gave up after fifteen minutes. Either the two were gone to Invrisil already and they’d just been missed—or they were beyond the Watch’s ability to find them.
Annoyed, Zevara stomped out of the inn. She thanked Erin, briefly. For allowing the Watch to do their jobs. The [Innkeeper] looked down. She murmured something and the Watch left.
“Watch Captain.”
“Councilmember?”
Jeiss bared his teeth in a grin as he walked with Zevara. He watched as the Watch Captain kicked down the hill. The Drake rolled his eyes back at the inn.
“A thought occurs we missed a hiding spot.”
“We scoured that inn from top to toe. Even the basement, Jeiss. They could have gotten to Invrisil.”
“Yeah. But there’s one place we can’t go, could we? You didn’t ask about that.”
Embria stared at Zevara’s back. The Watch Captain rubbed at her neck scales.
“No.”
“And, Watch Captain?”
The Drake stomped down the hill. She snapped back at Jeiss.
“Do you think it looks good if the Watch finds the criminals and can’t arrest them, Jeiss? Or—if we had to arrest someone, do you want to go down that road?”
The Councilmember scratched at his helmet. Then he shook his head. He had nothing to say to that. Zevara grumbled as she kicked down the hill.
“If I have to ask a second time, I’ll arrest her.”
Embria raised her brows. This was unlike Zevara. She heard 4th Company grumbling, wishing they’d missed the scrap. But since the duo matched the identity of the Gentlemen Callers, est. Level 40+ [Thug] and [Thief] from their intelligence—she thought that was bravado. It occurred to her, briefly…
Zevara might not have actually wanted to arrest them that badly either.
 
—-
 
Ratici and Wilovan stood together on the street. They looked at each other sidelong and shook their heads. Without a word they began walking. Towards—well, home.
If home was ever a place, it was a place they knew in any one city. So in that sense, varied, but always home. As close as it got for them.
Invrisil’s streets were bustling. There had been a bit of a hubbub in the inn—not The Wandering Inn, but the Player’s Retreat—but they’d left without getting involved.
They said nothing. It had been fast. Splendidly done. You had to admire that, so you did.
 
—-
 
“Did you…?”
The [Innkeeper] trailed off. They looked at her. Faces unreadable. Just—alert. Erin looked over her shoulder.
