7.56
Page 43
“We are not good men, Miss Solstice. Thank you for helping us get away. But if you should expect it of us—we will let you down some day. Sooner than we’d all like. I’m grateful for your generosity. But it would have been better if we were just unobtrusive the entire time our contract ran. Our failing.”
“I get it. And you’re right. If you had stolen stuff—I wouldn’t have been sure I wanted you in my inn. Even if it was a jerk from the old Council.”
Erin muttered. The two nodded. You see? Uncertainty. It was better not to mix. Ratici pulled his cap lower. Erin sat there for a moment. Then she looked around.
The Brothers were watching surreptitiously at a distance. They all looked the other way—but they were trying to be gentlemen. And even gentlemen eavesdropped. Erin smiled slightly.
What a silly group of guys. What a funny gang…she sighed as she stood up. The two Callers stood to walk her out. Erin turned and stopped them.
“Ratici, Wilovan, Brothers. I don’t know you too well. But from what I’ve seen—we might not see eye to eye. And I don’t like crime. If you did something in my inn, I’d do something about it. Even if I saw it. Even if you were mugging some jerk like Lis—like some jerk. Because I don’t want someone to break the law like that around me.”
They nodded. Erin went on, looking at both Callers earnestly.
“You are criminals. But I’m sure of this. There are worse people in the world than you. You probably aren’t good men.”
She met their eyes. Then the [Innkeeper] smiled.
“…But I don’t think you’re bad guys.”
The two blinked. The Brothers stirred. And then—Erin winked. And that was it.
They chuckled, and then laughed. Erin looked at the two Callers as they blinked at her, then smiled and tipped their hats. That was all.
“You can visit my inn. Zevara’s probably not cool with you—but there’s criminal and evil. I have Goblins. Just don’t steal anything in Liscor, please.”
“Miss Solstice. May I just say you’re the most interesting [Innkeeper] I’ve ever met?”
Ratici peered at Erin. She laughed at him.
“I might be. But how many do you meet? I just like weird duos, I guess. The first people I met at Liscor were…”
She trailed off. Nostalgia, regret…but she was smiling. This world changed. She saw, for a moment, a big, burly Drake with scars, and a Worker-Antinium, jostling to reassure her that Relc was not a Dragon. Then it was gone. And a Gnoll with a top-hat was smiling at her.
They could still be friends. Erin looked at the Brothers. Then at their home.
“Do you guys hide here all the time?”
“We are criminals, Miss Solstice. We do have our entertainments. But a fellow on the wrong side of the law…”
Erin walked over to Crimshaw and peered around at his room.
“Yeah, yeah. But you can’t be cooped up forever! You should get out more. In fact…”
In fact. She looked at the Brothers and her eyes twinkled. Erin might not be good at expressing her feelings. But she was good at improvising. And she just had an idea that would solve her dilemma and do something nice. And wasn’t that why her friends liked them? She looked around.
“Say, fellows. Do you like fine art? And um…food?”
The Brothers stared at her. Offended, for the first time by the question. Did they like—? She might as well have asked if they liked hats!
 
—-
 
Later, and yes, it was later, Ryoka Griffin looked at Erin Solstice’s embarrassed smile. The search party—those who weren’t looking and causing havoc—stared at her with wroth. Ryoka turned to a stranger no one had ever seen before.
“Can I borrow…? Thank you.”
Xrn handed Ryoka her staff. Ryoka smacked Erin on the head with it.
