7.56
Page 9
Teleportation—or Xrn-portation—was not pleasant. It was like being shaken by a giant rapidly, like you got after riding some of those topsy-turvy rides on the amusement park too fast in too quick succession.
“Xrn! I’m not giving up! Please don’t teleport me. But you can’t just—”
Erin strode over to Xrn, prepared to run into her garden and hide. She found Xrn leaning over the table, eagerly asking questions. Ryoka—a more relaxed Ryoka—was giving her answers.
“You’re going to have to find a specialist. No, I have no idea what the dimensions are. But there’s your answer. Hell—it is going to be hell with your Queens. But that—you really don’t know?”
“I am not a Shaper Queen. But it makes sense. They had different methods of isolating materials.”
“I don’t know if alchemy is close to chemistry, Xrn. But there you go. I doubt the periodic table would be helpful to you, anyways. But…”
Erin stared at Ryoka. The young woman was sketching something on the table. Something the Antinium needed that she had gotten from previous conversations with Xrn. And the Small Queen had pressured Ryoka into giving her. Not bombs. Not siege weapons. But—Erin peered at the design Xrn was inspecting, and Ryoka labeling each part of.
“Bop!”
She hit Ryoka with the rolling pin. Quite a bit harder than she had with Xrn. It was a real tap. Ryoka grabbed at her head.
“Motherf—Erin! That hurts like hell!”
“Well, what is that?”
Erin pointed at the microscope and demonstration of convex lenses. Ryoka grabbed for the pin.
“It’s for the Queens. Don’t hit me again! Give me that—”
It was a Ryoka-solution to a Xrnian problem. Don’t give the Antinium much new from Earth—aside from the means to enable the Antinium to do what they’d already been doing. Which was advanced chemistry.
“We had been using alchemist tools to allow the Queens to work. But the right materials were still difficult to source, let alone render into usable…see the problem. None of the Queens ever asked me for that. But then—the Silent Queen does have a weaker magnifying spell, yes. I enchanted a hoop right at the beginning. Nothing of this scale…glass?”
“Glasses are based on that. Erin—put that down—”
“You hypocrite!”
Erin raised her bonking pin. Xrn raised her staff. Erin—lowered her pin and backed up.
“I’m trying to—I’m doing my best to help and not mess things up, Erin. I’m sorry.”
Ryoka looked miserable—and more anxious as she turned to Erin. The [Innkeeper] looked at Xrn. She sighed.
“Ryoka, I’m not mad about that.”
The City Runner looked at Erin.
“No?”
“I like the Antinium! I’m not sure about chemistry and stuff—ooh, that’s iron, isn’t that? Fe. Recognize it anywhere.”
Erin pointed at one of the easier elements on the table. Xrn filled in the box—Erin had interrupted Ryoka. Erin turned to Ryoka.
“I’m just worried that Xrn is pressuring you. In which case—I’d do something about it. And you lecturing me. Because that’s, y’know, sort of annoying. But I get it! Xrn—please don’t teleport me again. I nearly threw up.”
“I will consider it.”
The Small Queen was smiling. She was greatly pleased once she and Ryoka had settled on something they could agree was fair to share.
