7.56
Page 3
“This time. Shall we continue our conversation? A few things of note have happened since yesterday.”
The Small Queen watched as Ryoka lifted a spoonful of her bowl. For her part—Ryoka Griffin shifted nervously.
“Really? Um…like what?”
“Hm. The Walled Cities attempted to destroy one of the Queen’s new Antinium projects. The Armored Hive has been damaged. Several Named Adventurers participated in the raid. They killed Antinium—no Individuals—and lost a number of [Mages] and [Soldiers] to Klbkchhezeim and Wrymvr. Then Klbkch took a near-mortal wound in the fighting. His body was severed across the chest and the Queens are attempting to rebuild his—”
Ryoka’s granola was coming back out as she choked. Xrn watched with considerable interest. She took another happy bite of quiche.
“No Named Adventurers were slain, alas. Klbkch and Wrymvr must have decided that was too provocative. They are playing games.”
“What?”
The City Runner shouted. She saw heads turn as she shot to her feet. Then—just as fast, Ryoka’s head swiveled around.
“Why are you telling me this out here?”
“We are private.”
“We are? Are you casting spells?”
“Mm. Just ones to prevent others from listening in.”
The Small Queen’s eyes glowed. Ryoka sat down—people were staring at her.
“They could be reading our lips.”
“They would fail, even if I had lips. We are not able to be overheard, Ryoka Griffin. The same as yesterday. Your [Illusionist] could not pierce my veils. Nor can anyone else. I would know if they tried, anyways. Five have so far since you sat down.”
“Wh—really?”
Xrn made a fluttering sound—a laugh. She raised her mandibles and opened them.
“Probably not you. They try to spy on me constantly. I think the magic comes from Wistram…see? Right here.”
She traced something above her head. Ryoka saw the air light up—and a wisp of color appeared, light pink, and as thin as…she stared as it vanished upwards.
“Is that—?”
“I never know where it is from. But my maps make me believe that most come from Wistram.”
Different magic for a different spellcaster. Ryoka sat back down. People were staring, but Ryoka realized—they did have that look of confusion on their face. They could see her—but perhaps not anything else? She looked at Xrn. Ryoka wasn’t about to run away, or lie, or obfuscate with the Small Queen. She had promised Klbkch, a long time ago, to help the Antinium.
Also—she’d tried all that yesterday. Xrn was unavoidable, unable to be outrun or hid from—she’d dunked Ryoka in a river a few times, then they’d had a long chat after she wiped out a Rock Crab nest.
Good…times.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice couldn’t see what Ryoka was saying to Xrn. Not that she read lips, but they seemed to blur over in her vision if she focused too hard. Ryoka had stood up, then sat down, now she was learning forwards and…
“I’m gonna do it. I am!”
“Sure you are.”
The [Innkeeper] scowled over at her fellow peeker—they were peeking at Ryoka from the Garden of Sanctuary’s door.
“I’ll do it! Give me a club and I’ll smack Xrn on the head and—”
Fierre passed Erin a club. The [Innkeeper] went cross eyed.
“Wait, where’d that come from?”
“Some of the gear we got from Archmage Valeterisa’s mansion. Remember? The Archmage, who’s probably less dangerous than one of the Antinium’s leaders?”
“Um…”
Erin swished the club back and forth. The Vampire girl watched her.
“Okay. I’ll rush in, hit Xrn—”
“And die?”
“—and tell her ‘you can’t bully Ryoka!’ How’s that?”
Fierre eyed Xrn. She looked up at Erin. The [Innkeeper] had been trying to psych herself up the last few minutes.
