7.56
Page 1
Ryoka decided that was enough after spitting it out and washing out her mouth. Mrsha sighed, but they went back the way they’d come, passing the awestruck pedestrians again. Ryoka cast a glance over her shoulder.
They had been riding towards Liscor, ironically, having left Celum for the morning ride. But the pass towards which the Floodplains began was almost invisible.
The High Passes loomed. The mountains stretching up into the sky, and higher than any mountain from Earth. Ryoka cast a glance over her shoulder.
If Mrsha wasn’t there—she would have been tempted to ride into the second pass, where only adventurers and fools trespassed.
There be Dragons. Or at least—one. But Teriarch hadn’t responded last time she’d come out here. Ryoka had burned a Potion of Haste and an Octavia-brand Stink Potion. She’d called for nearly twenty minutes, but his cave hadn’t opened.
Was he asleep? Or not in the mood to entertain guests? Ryoka had thought he’d have visited the inn after she left. But maybe…
She swallowed that tiny bit of worry. Teriarch would show up probably when she least expected it. For now, and today—she rode back with Mrsha, enjoying the morning breeze.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn this morning had a number of important guests. The kind that made Lyonette hurry about, taking customized orders. She put down a mushroom risotto in front of the first vegetarian that Erin had ever served—well, the first one who had asked for ‘no meat’ as a sticking point. Even Palt ate meat.
“Look, I’m not going to say it again.”
The person across from the vegetarian breakfaster was annoyed. Or maybe in that stage just before actual annoyance—certainly heated. It was rare for Kevin, the easygoing [Tinkerer], to be anything but optimistic. However—they were arguing, the four of them, as Ryoka wheeled the bike in and Lyonette ran back into the kitchen.
“We’re not calling it ‘Splendiferous Gearage’ or ‘Liscor’s Custom Steelworks’. These are terrible names.”
Hedault paused with a bite of his risotto to his mouth. He and the Drake who had one of Imani’s breakfast specials in front of her looked hurt.
The Dwarf, who had ordered a still-sizzling sausage breakfast, was on Kevin’s side though.
“Especially because I’m not using steel as the main component of all these gears. I’ll use damn iron when I please—it’s false advertising!”
“Exactly, so—”
“We’re not calling it ‘Kevin’s Bike Shop’. That’s even worse.”
“I didn’t say it had to be Kevin’s—”
Selys snorted. She, Hedault, Pelt, and Kevin all glared at each other. The four shareholders in the ‘Untitled Liscor-Invrisil-Pelt Enterprise’ were having their first real argument. About the name.
“Manufactorium. People like fancy names. Call it that. Something Something Manufactorium.”
Pelt growled. Selys threw up her claws.
“That’s one third of the name, Pelt! I thought you were going to make a list! Okay—how about ‘The Wheels of Liscor’?”
“Again, this isn’t necessarily going to be based in Liscor, Miss Selys.”
Hedault adjusted his spectacles with a sigh. The Drake folded her arms.
“If I’m paying for it—”
“You’re paying for it. Good for you. I’m the one shaping steel. Me and my apprentices. I’m not going to work outside of my forge.”
Pelt chomped down on his breakfast as Kevin accepted his plate from Lyonette. She shook her head as Kevin reached for his notes.
“Okay, Kevin’s Bike Shop was really a bit of a joke. Seriously this time—how about ‘The Rolling Spokes?’ I think it’d be—”
