7.56
Page 27
“Fine! Fine, I’ll let you host me sometime. And go to the booth.”
“…You have a booth and free tickets to the Players of Celum’s performances any time you want? Do you know how much a standard groundling-class ticket costs?”
Erin jumped. Fierre was standing behind her, jaw agape until she covered her pointed teeth. The [Innkeeper] turned.
Salamani, Fierre, and a number of other guests from the inn had followed her into the Player’s Retreat, having heard the commotion. Kevin, Rose, Montressa, Selys—even Joseph and Palt and Imani! They were all queued up.
“What are you all doing here?”
“We wanted to see what the fuss was about. I came because I heard Numbtongue was beating Lyonette into a pulp. What’s this about Erin’s booth? Is she selling it to more Couriers?”
Kevin volunteered cheerfully. Erin put her hands on her hips.
“For your information—Octavia?”
“I’m being sociable. Hi, Ryoka. What happened to Numbtongue?”
Octavia rubbed at her eyes and yawned. She and Joseph were in the ‘I wake up when I wake up’ camp of The Wandering Inn, and so had just emerged for breakfast. The others listened and laughed at Erin.
“She doesn’t like leaving her inn. It’s as bad as getting Selys to visit Pallass—which incidentally, she loved.”
Montressa teased the Drake. Selys looked embarrassed.
“I hate to say it, Erin. But the Players have been begging to get you to watch a play. Why don’t you?”
“I’ve seen their plays! Love ‘em, but I have watched them put on every performance—”
“While running your inn! In a lovely theatre—but not our dedicated stage where we have makeup and we’re at our best! We’re putting on Elisial tonight, Miss Solstice. Tell you what. Come watch us!”
“I dunno…do you actually have a booth for us?”
The Players looked at each other with frank disbelief. Did they have a booth? Was all of Invrisil not talking about the booth which could never be rented, even by the nobility? No matter how much you—
Erin didn’t know. She honestly didn’t. She bit her lips, she listened to them trying to persuade her—Ryoka felt moved to intervene.
“If you don’t go, can you at least let us go? I’d love to see a play, Erin.”
The [Innkeeper] blinked.
“Well, sure. Why not? If that’s okay, guys?”
“For a friend of Erin Solstice? Of course! We were going to get Numbtongue in the booth first—and wouldn’t that cause a scene? The masked figure in the balcony? Rather like the Phantom fellow from that play Galina is having us adapt—Wesle, my role, incidentally. I’ve claimed it.”
“You’re welcome to the singing, Kilkran.”
Wesle rolled his eyes. Fierre glanced up.
“Wait. Could I come with you?”
“That was my thinking. What about it, Salamani?”
The Courier’s eyes lit up.
“Really? I was trying to get tickets, but I’m on reserve for another month!”
“You haven’t seen our plays? You’re a Courier, aren’t you, Mister Salamani? The Solstice Booth—”
Erin looked at Fierre and Salamani. She snapped her fingers.
“You want to watch plays? But you said you were okay with the inn, Fierre!”
“If it’s the ones in Invrisil—”
The Vampire girl tried to justify it. Erin shook her head.
“Well, sure! Of course! Please let Ryoka and Fierre and Salamani watch, guys.”
“…Hey Erin. Erin?”
Someone tapped the [Innkeeper] on the shoulder. Erin turned. Imani whispered urgently into her ear. The [Innkeeper] frowned.
“What, you too?”
She looked at Kevin, Rose, Joseph—even Troy and Leon peered through the door. Imani nodded; Galina was obviously still in the inn with Temile.
“We’ve never actually toured Invrisil. And I really want to see the Players in the theater.”
“But we see them in the inn every night…”
