7.56
Page 23
“As you say, Mister Wilovan. Unobtrusive.”
The three strolled out. And it was done. Wilovan and Ratici relaxed; they could refresh themselves, talk, catch up on a particular sort of gossip, or do what they pleased. They’d upheld their contract. It was just…they exchanged a silent look. The look on Erin Solstice’s face had been familiar, that’s all.
Disheartening. Just a tiny bit. They sighed, and began to lay plans to carry out their job to the best of their abilities. Even if it didn’t mean them.
 
—-
 
Erin waited a bit, after she let them go through. The Gentlemen Callers had stepped through. But they’d not answered her question.
“Did you do it?”
And to that—Wilovan had turned. She’d tried to read him, but the Gnoll had just tipped his hat, his face a bit embarrassed. A bit…somber.
“Does it matter, Miss Solstice? Deepest apologies and our gratitude. We won’t forget it.”
Then they’d left. They hadn’t answered her question. But for that moment, when she’d seen them crouching there, they had looked tense.
Like a deer in the headlights. Rats with the cat about. Fine fellows. The Honorable Hatmen, she’d called them. But right then and there she’d been reminded what they were.
Criminals. Unlike Goblins, or Antinium. The look they’d shared was guilt. So Erin had wondered.
“Darn. And it was my fault.”
Erin drooped. Just cause she had such a big mouth and she’d thought it was funny to…she heard the guests behind her talking in the common room. Erin trudged in.
“Hey guys—”
She saw overturned tables, a slightly rattled clientele, and a very embarrassed Palt being assailed from all sides.
“What’s this now?”
Imani was rubbing her side. Palt had galloped into the kitchen and—
“You idiot. First Erin, now Imani! Are you trying to kill all of us?”
“I am so sorry—it’s instinct! I forgot and—”
Palt was so red Erin nearly laughed. Nearly. Bezale was shaking her head in disgust.
“You could have hurt her if she’d dropped that hot oil on herself, you idiot. Montressa, get me one of those spare signs. I need to write one. ‘Caution: Beware of Falling Centaurs’.”
They were really giving Palt a hard time. The Centaur had shut up, possibly hoping to get it over with. Erin shook her head.
“Sorry for the mess, guys. It—was about Wilovan and Ratici. My fault, sort of.”
“Because they stole a bunch of jewels? I’ve never seen the Watch raid something like that before. But then—it’s [Knights] in Terandria, usually. The local guard isn’t so…proactive.”
Montressa turned. Palt sighed and shook his head.
“Did they get out?”
“They got to Invrisil, I think.”
Erin avoided the other’s significant looks. Fierre scratched at her head.
“Wild. Drakes really do have aggressive Watches. I’ve seen raids, but that was fast. Was that an important person who got hit?”
“Um…yeah. They said the Guildmaster of the Jeweler’s Guild. He got robbed and so did the vault. Without anyone seeing?”
“How much gold?”
Fierre misinterpreted Erin’s look as she flicked open her journal.
“Oh, don’t worry. I’ll ask. Just good to know what the local values are. Hm. Must have been a lot if it tempted the Callers. They’re…no, nevermind.”
Erin looked at Fierre. But then she went back to the chaos. The Watch hadn’t really overturned tables since they could just check if anyone was hiding beneath—but the inn was a bit messy.
“Clean up. Silveran, take the second floor and clear dirt. The rest of you, with me on tables. A…free round.”
Ishkr, reliable Ishkr, was on the job, though. He looked at Erin for confirmation. She nodded.
“And like, milk for kids. Sorry, everyone!”
