7.56
Page 12
Menolit, after producing a pair of workman’s gloves, picked up the hotdog. Really, more of a sausage since the…unique…composition of hotdogs was not yet invented in this world and the healthier and thus inferior sausage still ruled.
“Ancestors, it’s cold. And it’s…yep.”
He tapped it on the ground. It made a hard sound—then cracked in half. More like powder—it wasn’t just frozen cold—
Everyone turned to stare at the table. It, the floorboards, all coated in a layer of frost. Xrn’s barrier innocently held back what was inside from…
“Um…”
Drassi tossed a mug. Ryoka saw the condensation freeze as it went up in a gentle arc. It landed on the table, a perfect toss. Or should have.
The table cracked. The slight impact shattered it to pieces. It landed on the floorboards. And the floorboards—
Erin, Ryoka, and the audience stared into her basement. Xrn peered down.
“Ah. I forgot to ward the floorboards. Is that cold enough, do you think, Miss Griffin?”
She looked up at Ryoka. The City Runner stared back with a dry mouth. And she realized—Xrn was not unaware of the stares. The Centenium was also…telling a joke.
Xrn smiled. Lyonette looked at the hole in the floor and table which was not coming back with [Partial Reconstruction]. She began to write Xrn’s bill.
 
—-
 
Now that they were staying at the inn, Wilovan and Ratici had assumed their presence would qualify as the safety-element missing at nights.
They had been reluctant to of course; it was wrong to get too involved with your target, even if they were actually under protection. But it hadn’t turned out poorly yet and they had no choice.
As they came down for late breakfast after a very late night—they saw Antinium busily repairing the hole in the floor.
 
‘Caution: Hole. Watch your step!’
 
A helpful sign had been put up; Erin had lots of spares. She’d even made a little rope fence around the spot with chairs. Ratici and Wilovan peered at it and gathered what had happened.
“It occurs to me, Ratici—”
“Hey, you two. Can I get you anything?”
The two paused as Drassi came over; the bartending job was sort of hard to pick up in the morning. They ordered, had some very fine-smelling risotto placed in front of them, and began to eat as they continued the conversation.
“It occurs to me, Ratici, that we might have been in error in our assessment.”
“Wilovan my friend, I’m hardly inclined to disagree.”
The two nodded to each other. They’d assumed at first that the Tallman had some big plan, to have them stay here. Then they’d concluded this was a (well paying) waste of their time.
Now? They peeked at the Small Queen of the Antinium. The two Gentlemen Callers wondered if they’d been swindled out of a lot more gold. Or was the Tallman unaware of how crazy this inn was?
“Ratici! Wilovan! How are my two favorite crooks?”
Erin Solstice made the two jump. Not because they didn’t sense her coming up from the side, but because she was loud.
“Miss Solstice. A good morning to you. Could you, er, keep your voice down, though?”
Wilovan winced as heads turned. Erin looked blank.
“Why? Oh. But I thought—”
She looked at Palt, Fierre, and the others who could pick out Wilovan and Ratici at a glance. Wilovan huffed.
“I can…see where you were misapprehended, Miss Solstice, but we normally don’t advertise our status as fellows who sometimes stray on the wrong side of the law.”
“Sometimes?”
The [Innkeeper] gave him a teasing grin. Ratici chortled and Wilovan coughed.
