7.56
Page 15
The Gnoll grabbed Erin’s leg as the [Innkeeper] yelped. She would not be ignored! This was serious! Erin, exasperated, looked down.
“Mrsha! Okay! Okay, I’ll find Numbtongue. Imani, I’m sorry. One sec?”
The [Cook] was highly entertained. She saw Erin close her eyes. It still wasn’t second nature. But Erin could sense where anyone was in the inn. She sensed…
“Numbtongue. Numbtongue…Numbtongue’s…um…not in the inn.”
She opened her eyes. Mrsha looked up indignantly. What? That couldn’t be right! Erin was lying to protect him! Tall-people ganged up on the kids! But Erin shook her head.
“He’s out of the inn. And he took the lap—the youknowwhat? Well, look Mrsha—”
The Gnoll ran off. She wasn’t going to let him get away with this! He was outside!
The outhouses weren’t occupied by Goblins and Mrsha smelled no Numbtongue trail. She raced back, sniffing. Aha! The door! He’d gone to his mining spots!
…But she smelled no Goblin when she threw the door open there. Mrsha was about to snap!
“Mrsha, calm down. She’s throwing a tantrum, Ryoka.”
“Over the laptop?”
The Gnoll girl whirled. She was not! She just wanted what was hers! By right! She fumbled for the mana stones as Lyonette tried to pick her up.
“Mrsha—don’t you slash at me, Miss! Or no bicycle! Calm down this instant or Kevin will be working on something else, understand?”
Mrsha looked up. Her angry face…crumpled. She curled up into a ball and began to sob silently.
“Everyone is ganging up on me! It’s not fair!”
The pity-party was slightly offset by the fact that Mrsha had to sign to be understood by Ryoka and Lyonette. Either way—Ryoka was highly amused. Not unsympathetic. But she just hadn’t ever seen Mrsha looking so—so childish! It was almost good to see.
It was the wrong thing to say to Lyonette, though. The [Princess] just gave Ryoka an exasperated look.
“If you were around more, you’d see more Mrsha tantrums than you wanted, Ryoka. Mrsha. Mrsha, stop flailing right now…”
Ryoka eyed the sword Lyonette sometimes carried around. She wanted to tap the [Princess] on the shoulder and ask if she could stab herself with it. It might make her feel better.
“Ow.”
She—deserved that. But that was the second time Lyonette had done it. Ryoka rubbed at the phantom-pain in her chest.
“Lyonette…”
“One second, Ryoka. Mrsha du Marquin. Stop this at once.”
The Gnoll stopped. She sniffed, but she sat up, stopped hitting the ground and looked woefully up at Lyonette and then Ryoka. The City Runner was impressed.
“Wow. You—call her Mrsha du Marquin, Lyonette? Isn’t that—”
“What?”
The [Princess] rose to her feet, Mrsha clinging to her. She gave Ryoka another look. And this time the Wind Runner saw the hostility there.
“She’s my daughter. Shouldn’t I?”
“I didn’t say that—”
“Then what were you saying, exactly?”
Ryoka opened and closed her mouth. Only that it was exposing Lyonette’s name and wasn’t that dangerous? But that hadn’t been how the [Princess] took it—or chose to take it. And it revealed something.
“Lyonette. Do you have—a problem with me?”
The [Princess] stared at Ryoka for a long moment. Her eyes flickered and she gave Ryoka—well—the look Ryoka gave to idiots. Lyonette put a huge smile on her face, clearly fake.
“Why, Miss Griffin, why would I possibly have a problem with you? At all? For any reason? It must be in your imagination.”
Okay. Ryoka blinked. She’d missed something…
“I—I’m sorry if I’ve said or done something recently. I can’t think of what it is—”
“Of course not. Let’s not worry about it, Ryoka. You’ll leave in a week and it’ll be fine.”
