7.56
Page 40
Someone bellowed right next to Erin. She whirled—and a man with a hat, slight, inconspicuous, shouted. He was pointing after the [Thief]! She nearly stabbed him—until she saw another fellow burst out of nowhere. He charged after the thief like a blur. And he was wearing a tricorne. A triangular…hat…
Erin heard a shout, a scuffle, and ran. She was aware of the man behind her moving back, but she was armed and ready for—
The young fellow emerged with the woman’s bag. Erin paused and saw the [Thief] had been neatly wrapped up.
…In that someone had just thrown him into the wall and he was currently lying on the ground, making a wheezing, moaning sound. Erin eyed him. She eyed the young man. He halted, instantly lifted his hat.
“Miss. Excuse me.”
He trotted down the street. Erin saw the distressed woman, who’d been desperately running after her purse, stop uncertainly. But the young man—Teor?—tipped his hat.
“Your purse, ma’am. Terribly sorry to see such a thing happen.”
“Oh. T-thank you?”
She backed away. The young man tipped his hat again. Erin stared as he walked back. A bit shame-faced, actually. A second fellow appeared out of an alleyway.
“Teor. The next time you should see a lady in distress like that, don’t wait for the order.”
“I’m sorry, Crimshaw. I was about to, but I was under the impression—the apprehension that our job…”
“It’s what’s right and proper, Teor. Weigh it, but if it’s that—”
“Yes, Mister Crimshaw. Of course, sir. I’m terribly sorry. It won’t happen…”
Erin stared as the two men—both with hats—suddenly glanced up. They tipped their hats towards her and gave her an innocent smile. Which fooled her not. She looked around.
Nothing behind her. Nothing to her left, to her right…Erin did a slow rotation. And at last, her eyes focused on the fellow stepping around her.
“Aha!”
He sighed. The inconspicuous man finally became noticeable to Erin as she concentrated. He was hard to spot!
“Good evening, Miss…terribly sorry to get in your way. Let me just…”
He tried to walk down the street. Erin pointed at his back.
“Oh no you don’t! You’re one of them! The—the hatmen!”
Teor and Crimshaw looked up. Erin tried to remember.
“The Brothers of…of…Serendipitous Meetings! I knew it! Where’s Wilovan and Ratici? They sent you, didn’t they?”
The man with the hat tried to escape.
“I think you have the wrong fellow. I’m sorry, but I truly have to go, Miss. Hate to be rude, but—”
Erin narrowed her eyes. Crimshaw, Teor, and the third hatman tried to stroll off. They were quick, professional.
But this was her in her element. Erin began to walk after them.
 
—-
 
The Honorable Hatmen of Invrisil—and other parts of Izril come to that—had an unexpected guest. They did not like unexpected guests.
And true, the [Gatekeeper] could keep an army off them if he had to. But Teor still hurried in, hat in his hands, to address Wilovan and Ratici.
“I can’t make up for it, sirs. I take full responsibility—but there’s a bit of a problem—”
Ratici and Wilovan looked up from where they were relaxing, their usual suits off, enjoying the impropriety of being. They listened. They looked at each other.
Five minutes later, Erin Solstice walked into the Brother’s safe house. She should not have been able to enter. Wilovan and Ratici had, in fact, been telling Teor to turn her away.
“How did you—”
Ratici stood up. Erin looked around.
“Whoa. So this is your place? Wow. It’s like a secret hid—wait a minute. Yeah, that was stupid, even for me.”
She slapped her face. The Gentlemen Callers stared. How?
Erin walked over.
