7.56
Page 21
They were prepared to move. Only a few [Guards] on the door to Invrisil. If it was out of mana they ran for it, across the Floodplains or hid. But it depended on her, on what happened next. Wilovan tensed—
A hole opened up in the side of The Wandering Inn. The two saw green grass beyond. A beautiful place. They stirred.
“The door?”
From inside, voices. The two Gentlemen Callers looked at Erin Solstice. They exchanged a glance—the kind they’d shared before countless life-or-death moments. Then they ran.
 
—-
 
The Watch had searched the inn, but obviously, there was one place they could never gain access to. The door had opened after they’d left and the two Gentlemen Callers had walked out. The [Innkeeper] had asked again.
“Did you do it?”
The look she gave them was pleading. Uncertain. You could see it in her eyes.
It was just a Guildmaster and some money. A mugging of someone who had a lot to lose and wouldn’t miss this much—a former Councilmember of Liscor, at that. That was how you could justify it. If you were going to.
The truth was…
It was a safe house that the duo came to. Only, it looked like an ordinary shop, albeit closed, the glass display waiting for some object that the shopkeeper—clearly behind in arrears—had taken down.
They had a key. One, each. Wilovan unlocked the door, Ratici walked through. They stepped into the shop—
And there was a second door there. Strangely—you’d never see that if you peeked through the glass into the shop.
Funny thing, glass. You could enchant it to look like all kinds of things. And a low-grade enchantment was harder to notice than something massive.
The second door looked a lot stronger than the first. It was metal, for one thing, and had a sliding slot. It was not entrusted to a key alone.
Ratici knocked. No codes, no passphrases. The two waited as someone slid the panel open.
“Ah, good evening gentlemen. Terribly sorry to keep you waiting.”
“Good morning, in point of fact, sir.”
Wilovan tipped his hat up. The figure chuckled.
“Is it? Time passes by. One moment—”
The door opened. The two walked through, and the [Gatekeeper]—in reality a doorkeeper—shut the door smartly. They stopped in the second waiting room.
“Anything I should know about that would be embarrassing or inconvenient to have missed, Callers?”
The man who walked around them with an amulet, carefully sweeping it from head to toe, was older. But the kind of old that suggested he’d lived through everything that had tried to kill him, rather than simply matured. Unlike the Callers, he wore no hat.
“Nothing, sir. We did happen to run into a particularly interesting person, but Ratici swore we ran afoul of nothing.”
“Well, we’ll just see, won’t we? Hm. Hm. I’m getting some powerful residue. Stood near a spell, did you? Also, teleportation?”
“A man finds interest in various places, sir. We had to excuse ourselves just now.”
“Ah.”
The old [Gatekeeper]’s eyes sharpened. He had a knife. Ratici knew it because he sensed the holder on the old man’s wrist. One knife.
“Should I be expecting company, then, sirs?”
“I should think not. But then again…”
“If it comes calling, it comes calling. You’re clean.”
The two tipped their hats. The [Gatekeeper] settled back; he had a chair here, a lovely padded one, and food, drink—non-alcoholic—and anything he might wish for his duties.
Beyond that they asked no names and told no stories. He was not one of their gang. Rather, you could call the old [Gatekeeper] a hired specialist, on retainer for the fine services he provided. No one got through that door with him about that wasn’t invited.
