7.56
Page 2
He broke off as Rose groaned and picked up her cup to throw it at him. The debate continued as the reference sailed comfortably over the heads of the other three. Meanwhile, Lyonette hurried over to a figure sitting decidedly by herself.
“Um—this is a new dish. Imani calls it ‘Flyfish Quiche’, Miss Xrn—”
The Antinium twisted in her seat and looked at the composite fish-acidfly slice of quiche that Lyonette was gingerly holding out. She stopped staring at Ryoka as the City Runner put the bicycle away in the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Thieves and the bicycle were a huge problem. Two people had tried to steal it, and five had gone on joyrides.
“How appealing. Thank you, Lyonette. Is this the correct fee?”
Xrn extended her hand. She was holding exact change. Lyonette nodded.
“Um—yes. I can take the payment—but you could pay when you’re done. Thank you, M-Miss Xrn.”
The [Princess] stumbled over the Antinium’s title. And indeed—Xrn of all the Antinium possessed that factor that not only attracted eyes to her, but gave her an exclusion zone of empty seats this morning.
She was the Small Queen of the Antinium, and unlike Klbkch, she did not try to blend in. The azure-shelled Antinium smiled.
“You may call me Xrn, as I have said, Lyonette. Thank you for informing me about payment. Oh, and take this.”
She handed Lyonette two more copper coins. Lyonette stared at them curiously. Xrn nodded to them.
“I did not have to pay, but it seemed fitting. I believe this is known as a ‘tip’?”
Lyonette opened and closed her mouth. Xrn did not have to…? Oh, but wait. Normally no one even noticed—
“T-thank you. Well, if there’s anything I can get for you—”
“More of this flavored rum, thank you. In a larger cup, please. And please ask my companion what she would like to eat. I will pay for that too.”
Xrn waggled the empty glass at Lyonette. The [Princess] took it.
“Of course…”
People stared at the glass as well as Xrn out of the corner of their eyes as Lyonette went to fill it. Drassi was glumly bartending since Pallass was off-limits for all but a few.
“Fill up a larger cup, Drassi.”
“With the flavored rum? But that’s…”
The two furtively stared back at Xrn. She had, by Lyonette’s count, downed about four shots of the flavored rum drink that Rufelt had given to Drassi. It might have been water.
Actually, that might not be a far-off comparison in actual truth. Lyonette recalled Pawn observing it was difficult for him to get drunk. Wasn’t Rxlvn invented to get Antinium intoxicated? And Xrn was Centenium—
“Just fill the cup, Drassi.”
And another thing. Xrn sat there, munching happily on the quiche. Her eyes glowed with pleasure, reflected by the colors in her eyes. They changed, sometimes. Pawn told Lyonette that he’d dared to ask and Xrn had once told him that the colors in her eyes weren’t always the same for the same emotions.
“Color changes meaning depending on time and place and nuance. Why should it be the same each time? Would you cast a spell the same way each time? You would? Well then—that is the difference between how you understand colors and I.”
Lyonette would have dearly loved to parse that one. She felt like it could aid her magical studies somehow. But right now she was getting Xrn everything she wanted. Because the Small Queen was waiting for her breakfast partner.
And reluctantly but soon, Ryoka Griffin slid into the seat and was presented with some granola and yogurt. She was a bit warmed up from her ride. But she wasn’t exactly hungry.
“Ryoka Griffin. There you are.”
“I’m here, I didn’t run off.”
