7.56
Page 41
“Hey Wilovan, Ratici. You put those Brothers on me, right? We have to talk about that. I mean—they did the right thing—but it’s getting weird. That guy was on my butt the entire time and I never noticed! It’s a tiny bit creepy.”
She pointed at the inconspicuous [Stalker], who was in fact a [Shadow] since [Stalker] was too predatory for their group. The man looked hurt.
“I made no affectations towards your rear end, Miss Solstice. We’re here to protect. I swear on my hat.”
“Miss Solstice. How did you get in?”
The Brothers were staring at Erin. A woman in their safe house? It was—not unheard of. But a gentleman did not bring a lady here if he happened to find company. It was disrespectful to everyone. The only people who entered of a feminine persuasion were other people who might need a place to hide out, other gang members who wanted to negotiate and so on, by invitation, and [Cleaners] if the situation got truly desperate.
Erin winked.
“That old guy? Amel? I talked him into it. I wasn’t a threat and he searched me for magic stuff…he’s holding onto my bag of holding and other gear. I’m unarmed!”
She said that like it wasn’t astounding she got in anyways. Amel? Ratici’s jaw was hanging open.
“We pay him not to let people in!”
“Yeah. Well, don’t blame him. He knew I knew you two. Plus. I bribed him.”
“With what? A diamond the size of my face?”
Erin snorted.
“No, with something he wanted. Tickets! Jasi gave me some to give out. Three. For him and his grandkids. And an autographed card with a signature of her and Wesle on it.”
The Gentlemen Callers stared. This…was a kind of talent that ran opposite to theirs. Ratici and Wilovan sat there. Then they hurriedly put on their hats, vests, and looked around.
“Company, gentlemen! Straighten up! Let me present…”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was procrastinating. She knew it. But the Gentlemen Callers offered her tea, and she really did want to know about the Brothers.
She thought they were good people. At the very least—one of them had gone to stop that [Thief]. Petty crime was common in a city. And apparently, the Brothers didn’t stand for it.
“Of course not. Should a man stand by if a lady—or other fellow for that matter—is in distress?”
Wilovan looked offended just at the suggestion. There were nods around from the crowd of hatted men sitting and sipping tea. Erin looked around.
“But you do hit people on the head and steal their money.”
The Brothers coughed. An [Enforcer] that Numbtongue would have known leaned forwards earnestly.
“Delicately, Miss Solstice. The right application of force is an art. And we do it to people in a way such that they wake up inconvenienced. But not dead. Safer all around. We might be a menace, but only to some sorts.”
“I see. And a [Thief]?”
“Steals from the sort that won’t mind it. Let me be clear, Miss Solstice. It’s only to do what we vouchsafed to you before: sleep well at night. We are not…”
Ratici trailed off. The room fell silent. And there it was.
Erin had never really met criminals. She’d met monsters. Goblins, Antinium. But the worst criminals she’d met were Pisces, the imposter who had been Regrika Blackpaw, and…Lyonette. This was a different lot.
The [Innkeeper] sipped from her cup of tea. She looked around and eyed Teor. The young Brother was in disgrace.
“So…Teor would have rescued that old woman’s purse if I wasn’t there?”
“I should in any circumstance barring a greater need, Miss Solstice. I’m new, and still learning the ropes, as it were.”
The young man looked embarrassed. Wilovan nodded.
“The Brothers…take recruits. The right sort.”
“Honorable?”
