7.56
Page 17
The Hobgoblin had contracted a disease for which there were few cures. It was called ‘gaming addiction,’ colloquially known as ‘I really want to finish this game and I’ll be damned to Rhir if I let that little Gnoll ruin my win streak.’ Such that he’d made the move of exposing the laptop to the [Actors].
Mrsha tackled him. With a real growl of annoyance, Numbtongue tossed her off.
“Numbtongue…Redfang. Stop that this instant!”
Lyonette marched up to Numbtongue and folded her arms. The Hobgoblin unpaused his game and went back to playing.
“Numbtongue—”
“I’m busy. She can have it in…”
The Hobgoblin didn’t finish his sentence. Lyonette’s brows creased. Behind her, Mrsha punched a paw into her other paw. He was going to get it now!
“Numbtongue, give me that laptop. We need to discuss—”
He swatted her hand down. The [Princess] recoiled. Ryoka saw Kilkran move backwards. The [Actors] got the vibe.
“Numbtongue. Please stop playing. Now.”
The Hobgoblin paused his game again. He looked up.
“What?”
“You are going to close that, come with us, and we’re going to have a talk. Right. Now. Alright?”
Lyonette’s smile was the kind she’d given Ryoka just moments earlier. Ryoka was waiting for the invisible knife. Numbtongue met Lyonette’s eyes.
“No.”
“Excuse me?”
Her eyes widened. The Hobgoblin looked at Lyonette, not even bothering to make it a staring contest.
“I’m not your child. And you’re not my Chieftain.”
He put the laptop on his knees, and quite deliberately, went back to playing. Ryoka heard a tiny explosion. She saw Lyonette take a deep breath. She reached for the laptop—fast. He swatted her hand down.
Mrsha the Laptop Seeker…tugged at Lyonette’s dress. She’d changed her mind. She didn’t want to use the laptop after all. But it had been a long time coming. Here was law and order and Lyonette. There was Numbtongue, who, as it turned out, had acquiesced to her laws of the land. He was, after all, an adult in his way, not a child, and…
And she was a [Princess]. Lyonette went for the laptop. Which was really a mistake.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was blissfully ignorant of the ensuing drama around the laptop for a while. She was concerned with another matter.
“So…is there anything to do?”
Fierre gave Erin an innocent look as Xrn left the inn to convey news of great import to the Free Hive. And it was a question that stumped Erin.
“Chess?”
“Um. I don’t really want to play.”
“The scrying orb?”
“I…don’t know if I need to watch it right now. I get my news from all over. Informant, you know?”
“Uh—uh—I mean, there’s the weights room, the rec room…”
At this point, Fierre coughed.
“Anything outside of the inn, Erin? I’m sort of…I mean, the inn is great. But there’s more to do, right?”
It stumped Erin. The Wandering Inn didn’t have all your needs? How could it not?
Well, actually, she got it. It was just that the inn had most of what she wanted as a homebody. On Earth, she could just play chess all day and not go outside once unless her mother kicked her out. But Fierre? She was more of an outdoors-type…ironic given her skin condition. And Vampire condition.
And that complicated things. Because Erin had some good ideas if you had to ask her. Not the best—but it was all stuff like—go on that cheese and wine tasting thing in one of the villages with that nice farmer!
Whoops. Might be a problem depending on whether Ylawes had been here and gotten that well. Ryoka had told Erin about that.
Public baths? No problem! They were sunlit, beautiful, had running water that might or might not qualify, and you got naked. Probably smiled at people with your teeth.
