7.56
Page 8
“Th—”
“I gave you all of last night.”
Ryoka thought. Trebuchets? Gunpowder? Rocket fuel? Okay—she didn’t know that last one. Nor could Ryoka make a ship, although she could probably give some tips that Anand—who was making them?—probably needed.
None of that. Absolutely none of that. Ryoka had a new theory about bringing tech from Earth to this world. And it was this:
Kevin should do it. Erin should do it. Ryoka Griffin should not do it. It wasn’t about competence, it was about who had the better track record. But something?
Ryoka did have…something…
“Xrn. You know I’m from…Earth, right?”
It felt so weird to say. But Xrn just nodded.
“Klbkch has repeated his entire conversation of substance to me. Go on.”
“Well…there are more.”
“I am also aware of that. There are seven, not including you or Erin Solstice.”
“Y-you are? How did you know that—”
“Aside from the fact that this Kevin has created a new device, and that Joseph plays a new game with unmatched knowledge and the group is a group of seven?”
“Ah. Well, um, here’s the thing. There are more of us. In Wistram.”
“I see.”
Xrn’s eyes glowed a bit. Pink and gold.
“This would help Wistram. Much in the way you seem to refuse to help the Antinium, would it not?”
“Y—well, I don’t know they’re doing that—”
“But there are more. Many more, then. Interesting. Is that all? Because that is not enough.”
“No…there’s one thing. You see, Xrn. We’re in contact with someone from Wistram. I can’t tell you who or how—but listen. This is helpful. I’m giving you a lot. So—Wistram is spying on you. Through your scrying mirrors.”
Xrn had been scraping her plate with her fork for the last bit of quiche. Ryoka saw her hand moving the fork stop. Dead still. Perfect muscle control.
She looked up.
“And you are sure?”
“Yes. I mean, almost. Our person said the [Mages] were discussing images of your Hive—and if what you just said about the Walled Cities attacking is true—”
“They were uncannily informed about our position. They have not been before. I put up wards to make their scrying spells unable to simply scan the Hives—unless they knew exactly where to work from. All of this substantiates your information. They are watching the Queens. Listening to their words and discussions. Which means anything they have spoken of is known.”
“I don’t know how much they know. I just—Xrn? Xrn?”
The Small Queen sat there. Ryoka wondered how she was feeling. What she was going to d—
“I have just informed the Free Queen. We will take steps. This information is what we desired, even if I had no notion of it, Ryoka Griffin. Good. What else?”
The Centenium looked up. Ryoka stared at her. Xrn had processed the information, relayed it, and—
Not a flicker. She just waited. Ryoka passed a hand over her face.
“Don’t I get a reprieve?”
Xrn looked at Ryoka, moving her head to regard the young woman from every angle.
“I did not think it pertinent to ask, but in your world, does the word ‘ally’ mean someone who is consistently deficient in giving actual aid and support to their allies?”
The young woman stared back at Xrn.
“Um. We’re pretty bad at it as a species, so yes?”
“Oh. I see. Do your best.”
 
—-
 
By the time Erin Solstice got down from the roof, Ryoka and Xrn had finished their talks. It had taken Erin a while. Not because Bird was particularly delayed in pulling her up; she’d appeared just outside his tower. Rather, Erin had been forced to sit with her head bowed in a corner to avoid puking for about ten minutes.
