7.56
Page 42
There was that pause again. Wilovan carefully sipped tea.
He and Ratici were the only two non-Human Brothers. Erin wondered if they were unique, or just rarer. Certainly, the Brothers were based in the north. Aside from that—they were cosmopolitan as could be. Well, among the male gender. So…very exclusive.
“Depends on your definition, Miss Solstice.”
That came from the older Brothers. But Teor seemed to want to object. And Erin saw that.
“The Brothers only go after rich targets?”
“Only rich—well, that’s a matter of practicality, Miss Solstice. But there’s a second qualifier. Only…the sort who we feel it’d be a disservice not to inconvenience.”
Ah. The Brothers probably didn’t rob rich children. Erin smiled. And then she came out with it.
“So you’d never just rob a guild, right, Teor?”
“Absolutely not, Miss Solstice. That’s livelihoods at stake. If we went after the Guild, it’d be—”
Too late, Ratici shot the young man a warning look. Teor’s lips compressed. Erin lowered her cup.
“I knew it. Why didn’t you tell me?”
Every eye turned to Wilovan and Ratici. The two looked at each other. At last, Wilovan sighed.
“Gentlemen. Terribly sorry, but might we have a moment?”
The others cleared out. Erin felt bad for Teor, but she had to know. Wilovan and Ratici sat there. After a moment, Ratici produced something.
“Sugar?”
“Oh, thanks.”
Erin had been sipping gently. She took a cube from the bowl. Stirred it.
There they sat. After a moment, Erin broke the silence.
“I asked if you did it. And you said ‘does it matter’? Why’d you say that, Wilovan?”
The Gnoll sighed. He adjusted his tall hat and sat back. Ratici grimaced. It was the Drake who spoke first.
“Miss Solstice. I never brought it up because a fellow shouldn’t pick at details—but you calling us the ‘Honorable Hatmen’—”
“Did I hurt your feelings? I do that. I’m sorry.”
The Drake almost smiled. He adjusted his seat, looked down, looked up at her.
“No. It was pleasant. But untruthful. We are not honorable.”
“Says the guys who take from the rich—”
“And keep it for ourselves. Honor among thieves, I’ve heard the saying. I think you have, Miss Solstice?”
She nodded. Ratici shook his head.
“The point is that it’s a joke. We do what we do and it is still mugging. Just a particular sort. Perhaps you might find that better than—the Sisters of Chell—but they have their honor. We are both on the wrong side of the law. As for why we ran?”
He looked at Wilovan. The Gnoll removed his hat, pulled some hair off, and looked at Erin.
“We’re an unscrupulous sort, Miss Solstice. Why do we run if we didn’t commit this crime? Because we’ve done something. In our cases—enough so that any Watch Captain not bought and paid for would put us away forever regardless.”
And there it was again. Guilt. Erin stopped smiling.
“Oh.”
“We rob certain sorts. We…don’t hit the Jeweler’s Guild usually because the staff get punished. Also, that was a small take, frankly.”
Erin’s brows rose. Wilovan hurried on.
“But sometimes, a plan goes wrong. Sometimes there’s less…scrupulous sorts to lighten their purses. Sometimes another gang decides they want our cut. When they do—the hats come off. That’s what they say of us. ‘The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings are perfect gentlemen. Until the hats come off.’”
“Oh.”
It all made sense. Erin sat back. The two Callers looked at her, expectantly. It was Wilovan who said it.
