7.56
Page 0

(The Wandering Inn, Volume 3 – Part 1 is up on Amazon! Check it out and consider leaving a review—the audiobook should begin recording in January, 2021!)
 
The wind blew in her hair, lifting it up and letting it stream behind her. Not at her back, and not blowing so hard that it was unpleasant—but an acknowledgement, perhaps, that she was going too fast for the breeze to keep up.
It felt wonderful, to sit and experience the cool air rushing across her body. Feel the wind tug playfully at her clothes. Relax, and see the world go past her.
Ryoka Griffin had forgotten what it felt like to ride a bike. Her body hadn’t, but her mind hadn’t remembered how nice it was, even compared to the joys of running.
Because when you were running, you were always in the moment. Even when you were on your runner’s high, you were focused. Biking—you could relax and let the machine carry you down the road.
Especially this particular bicycle. Ryoka did another rotation of the pedals after a little bit and the flagging momentum picked up. And oh, it took a long time to slow.
Frictionless wheels—or as close as Hedault and Pelt could engineer while keeping some kind of grip. Enchantments on the pedals to make high gear feel like the lowest one. Insanely light materials…
The Wind Runner of Reizmelt rode what Fals had called the death of Runners. Perhaps it was and perhaps it was not. Perhaps—the future was bicycles for some, roller-skates for others. Now wouldn’t that look funny?
A little paw adjusted the handlebars slightly. Ryoka reached out, but Mrsha scowled at her as she steered the bicycle.
“Okay, okay. Just don’t crash us.”
The Gnoll was completely focused on her task, unlike Ryoka. Her job was to keep the bike straight. So far they’d crashed four times. Yet, Mrsha clearly loved sitting on Ryoka’s lap and riding along.
“You think we should turn back yet?”
The Gnoll girl shook her head as they rode past a staring pair of pedestrians. Ryoka waved at them.
“Sorry! Ask in Celum!”
They were demanding to know what she was riding. Ryoka stared ahead. Mrsha was smiling.
“You really like this, don’t you?”
Duh. Mrsha stared incredulously at Ryoka. The bike wobbled—Ryoka rescued them before they went down again. Mrsha returned to keeping them straight.
She would be all over the place when she had hers. Erin had already put in an order for a tricycle with the Kevin-Pelt-Hedault-Selys alliance. And it was probably the most effective parenting decision she had made all year.
Mrsha was wearing clothes. She had also combed her fur, watered the plants, had not stolen anything from other people’s plates, and she had even helped set the table for the diners. That was because Lyonette had made it clear that any Mrsha-mischief wouldn’t revoke her dessert privileges—a halfway effective tactic at the best of times—but revoke the chance of a new bicycle.
Oh, such terrible threats that adults came up with to control children. Ryoka just enjoyed the ride. She had spoiled Mrsha nonstop and she knew Lyonette didn’t approve. But what else was Ryoka going to do? Not give Mrsha most everything she wanted, spend time with her?
Kids should not be given everything. Nor should they be without discipline, structure, etc. etc. Nor should they have to go through half of what Mrsha had.
It was a relief that she could still laugh silently at a bug bouncing into Ryoka’s mouth, so much that she nearly fell off the young woman’s lap.
“Okay, okay. I think we’re far enough. Let’s head back.”
