7.56
Page 39
Erin decided her pity was better reserved for herself. She walked past the group. Further into Invrisil. And promptly got lost.
 
—-
 
“Oh no. Oh no. Hey, does anyone know where the Djinni’s Spoon is? That way? Thanks!”
Twenty minutes later, Erin was jogging back the way she’d come. She was asking for directions, which she should have done fifteen minutes ago! But she’d gotten lost, thought she knew the way back, went completely the wrong direction by taking too many lefts—
She hadn’t wanted to ask. Again, she could run up to people, scream in their faces about Shield Spiders attacking, and lead the counterattack. But Erin would prefer not to.
She hurried down the street. This wasn’t a good part of Invrisil. How did Erin know? Less glass. Less…people. Less nice looks. She could have sworn—
Erin looked around nervously. Was that a scream? How bad was Invrisil’s crime? She felt nervous and reached for her side. The streets were emptying out.
“Lost your way, Miss? Need an escort?”
A man smiled at her. It was the kind of smile…that suggested a lot of things. Like ‘I could help’, and perhaps ‘if you don’t let me help, I could turn mean.’
“I’m fine, thanks!”
Erin smiled at him. He walked over.
“No need to be worried, Miss. I could help—”
Erin pulled out a knife and a jar of acid. The man focused on Pelt’s specialty kitchen knife. And the glowing jar. He sized up Erin.
The Level 44 [Innkeeper] looked at the…spot where the man had been. He was hurrying off. His [Dangersense] told him that little jar was more than he wanted to deal with.
Erin was not in danger. Some of the people eying her up decided they had better things to do. The [Innkeeper] put the jar back. She had healing potions, some alchemy stuff, and acid.
“I’m trying to go back to my restaurant! Anyone wants to stop me, they can drink acid!”
She hollered. A few figures loitering around an alleyway disappeared. Those might have just been pedestrians or residents who had no nefarious designs on Erin to begin with, but she’d just upgraded her threat ranking from ‘stupid tourist’ to ‘well-armed lost person’, to ‘potential mugger’ in her own right.
Oh, how the tables turned. Erin stomped down the street.
“Rather be mugged than have this huge party thrown for me. Grumble grumble grumble grumble…”
She stopped saying ‘grumble’ as she heard a shout. No, a scream. Erin whirled. Knife! Jar of acid! Instant d—
Oh. It wasn’t her. Someone else was in trouble.
“[Thief]!”
What a common phrase! And yet—Erin had never actually seen the scene playing out in front of her. An older woman was pointing at a fellow running for it with her actual purse. It was such a cliché that Erin wished she had a camera to take a picture.
“Whoa.”
The woman was crying out for the man to stop. No one else was stopping the man. Erin raised her jar of acid.
Then she stared at it. Jar of acid.
She raised her knife. Then she eyed it.
Pelt’s knife. Darn! She looked around. No frying pan. No—that potion was explosive—did she not have a non-lethal throwing object? She looked for stones, rocks—why were there no rocks?
The [Thief] was already past her and turning. Erin ground her teeth. Maybe if she aimed for a leg? But Pelt’s knife would probably sever bone. Maybe—it was too late. Darn.
She couldn’t catch the [Thief] if she ran, anyways. He was fast and Erin was shorter than Ryoka—and also not Ryoka.
She heard the woman cry out one last time. Then—a curse.
“Blow my hat clean off—Teor, the bag!”
