7.56
Page 10
“This is useful, Ryoka Griffin. Especially being able to see the minute details. What has plagued the Queens—all of them—is that they are unable to work with fine detail. Shaper Queens are far smaller—some barely larger than I, with specialized appendages. All the Queens sacrificed themselves to create the first Antinium of Izril. Maintaining the purity of samples of iron and other ingredients is essential and has been beyond them without specialist Antinium to aid their focus. As well—disease.”
“Disease?”
Xrn flicked an antennae, vexed.
“I do not have the word for it. The same thing as disease, yes. Tiny, tiny things that interfere with proper growth. Eat what the Queens try to make. They are unable to keep their working spaces clean, even sealing air away. I do not have the word for it.”
“Microorganisms? Sterile?”
That came from Erin. Xrn stared at her. Ryoka smiled. What was rare to Antinium was still common knowledge to someone who had taken high school science. At least in theory.
“Do the Antinium not have anything antiseptic, Xrn?”
The Small Queen hesitated.
“Everything the Antinium used in Rhir was lost. And the Queens were taught to use that. So this…sterility substances, these antiseptics? They would have been produced by dedicated Antinium or created. No Queens, including myself know how the First Antinium worked up to later stages.”
“So…you don’t use rubbing alcohol? Heat? Soap and water?”
“…Does that work?”
It was fascinating. Like talking to, well, someone from an advanced civilization who remembered airplanes, but forgot how to operate a butter churn. Well, Ryoka wasn’t sure if that analogy was entirely 1-1, but she ended up just giving Xrn a rundown on…basic stuff.
Stuff you didn’t think you needed to know. People used soap in this world! Erin had bought some the first day she was in Liscor! But there were things like telling Xrn that yes, soap and water helped kill a lot of microorganisms, or freezing temperatures, that was mind-blowing to Xrn.
“No. Cold works on the little things that bother the Silent Queen so much? This cold?”
The Centenium pointed her staff at the table. She projected a stream of frost—Ryoka saw the frozen air hit the table and frost it over. Erin yelped!
“Hey! Watch the—oh, wait, I can fix whatever happens. Never mind. Yeah, freezing does it, right, Ryoka? Heat, cold, bacteria die either way.”
The City Runner coughed. She hated to be that person in this conversation, but she had to correct Erin here.
“Actually, Erin…freezing just puts them into stasis. They’re not dead unless it gets really cold. And some can survive lower temperatures than others…I’d hate to see a magical bacterium. It’d have to be really cold.”
“Aw, really? I could have sworn they said in science class—”
“It’s a common misconception.”
Xrn peered at the two young women. She tapped the staff on their table for their attention.
“Frost or heat is within my power. Ryoka, how cold?”
Ryoka had no idea. She shrugged.
“You don’t need to get that cold or hot, Xrn. I think the antiseptics—how cold could you get?”
She was sort of curious. The Small Queen’s eyes lit up. Motes of blue and white floated across her eyes like snow.
“I do not know. Shall we find out?”
So saying, she drew a small circle around the table on the floor that began to glow blue. Erin looked at Ryoka. The City Runner waited, but the [Innkeeper] just folded her arms.
“You’re not going to stop it, Erin?”
“Why? This sounds really fun! Hey, Mrsha! Want to see some magic?”
