7.56
Page 11
The Gnoll child ran over and Erin made her back up. Xrn was walking around her magical circle. And as if lured by the siren call, more [Mages] appeared.
Like cockroaches. Palt scuttled out of the kitchen as Montressa and Bezale came down the stairs. Xrn regarded them—and Salamani, peeking from the bannister, and Hedault, who’d turned in his chair to watch.
“Is that, ah, magical circle fully completed, Miss…er…Mage…Magus Xrn?”
Montressa fumbled for addresses. Clearly, she was wondering if she should be treating Xrn like an enemy, and clearly she didn’t really want to—she’d heard about Salamani. Xrn looked at the circle.
It had none of the runes, intricate symbology to create a magical barrier, or anything else like the one Valeterisa had made for the cells. Ryoka saw Xrn flick an antennae.
“This is my magic circle, Mage Montressa. The cold will stay within the boundaries.”
“But there’s no…”
Palt muttered. Xrn looked curiously at him.
“It will stay within the boundaries. Do you need more for your circles?”
‘Sick burn.’ Kevin mouthed across the crowd to Ryoka. She nodded. The [Mages], disconsolate, muttered but watched as Xrn cast her cold spell.
“I do not know how cold I can make this. Is this table fine to chill, Miss Erin?”
“Erin—”
Lyonette looked wary, but the [Innkeeper] laughed.
“It’s fine. I’ve got [Partial Reconstruction]! Hit it, Xrn! Get it really cold! Kill those microbe jerks!”
“Who’s she killing? Fraerlings? I can’t see.”
The crowd muttered. People were watching, having an excuse to gawk at Xrn. Most of Liscor’s inhabitants could treat her like Klbkch—albeit more removed. Some, however, like Ferris—
Well, the [Thaumaturge] was doing something. Ryoka heard her muttering.
“What spell? What spell? [Frost Wyvern’s Breath]? [Cenidau’s Complete Chill]—what is a Cenidau?”
“That’s a Terandrian Kingdom. Have you not heard of it, Xrn?”
Palt started. He eyed Xrn. She looked at him blankly.
“Why would I need to? It must be cold, then.”
“Extremely.”
“Ah, then that is better. [Cenidau’s Complete Chill].”
Xrn tapped the table happily. Ryoka saw her staff flash. Something appeared—a tiny mote of frost on the table. Xrn regarded it, checked her staff, and stepped back.
“That took a bit of magic. Very cold indeed.”
Everyone stared at the spot of frost. Mrsha began to giggle in Erin’s arms. Then—the frost began to spread.
“Ooh.”
Ryoka watched as the frost covered the table. It seemed like it was getting colder—the wood began to crack. And the air frosted over—someone reached for the edge, and Bezale stopped them.
“No one put a hand into there. Are you mad?”
The Gnoll complained.
“But how will we know how cold it is?”
“Put something else into there. Anyone got a stick? How about a hotdog? Imani? Im—”
“Here!”
Imani had been watching. She hurried into the kitchen and came back with a hotdog on a long poker with a wooden handle. She handed it to Bezale. The Minotauress put it into the magic circle just as the wood turned completely frosty. Not more than that—Hedault murmured.
“It must not have enough water to freeze more than that. I wonder what the spell might do in a larger, more humid environment. Mage Bezale. I don’t think—”
Bezale yanked her hand back with a roar of pain. Everyone turned to her as the poker hit the ground.
“Beza?”
“My hand!”
It was burned! No—a cold burn! The kind you got from grasping—Ryoka stared. The wooden poker handle? But it had been in there—
The poker lay on the ground, in pieces. The metal had snapped and broken like cheap glass where it had hit the ground. The hotdog?
