7.56
Page 32
“But the Phantom is so polished. I was thinking for my next piece something at sea—or based in Chandrar? How do you know Erin Solstice, by the way? I’m sorry, we haven’t met…”
“Er…”
The group ducked as a flashing object nearly hit all of them and bounced off the table. Numbtongue caught it, threw it back.
“Sorry!”
Palt called out. He handed the ball back, shamefaced, to the [Juggler]. The half-Elf grinned and showed Palt what he’d done wrong.
“You’re fairly good at this. The trick to the triple loop is…”
“Palt! Stop interrupting the show!”
Bezale roared. She and Seborn and Wailant and Viceria were drinking. Just drinking. Bring more, and bring it faster with something good to eat!
And that was just one moment. Mrsha leapt off the table and raced over to stare open-mouthed at the illusionary war that two entertainers were conjuring with artifacts and spells. They were taking requests from Pralcem and some of the [Actors]—
“Throw a Cyclops in there! Make them fight the [Knights]! Go for it!”
A miniature monster roared across the battlefield and charged towards a group of armored figures. Mrsha stared, goggle-eyed, and then one of the entertainers asked what she wanted! She began to write furiously.
What spectacle. What delight! Erin Solstice saw little of it. It was a blur to her; she had the impression of Wesle and Jasi tugging her about. It was when she saw the restroom—handy plumbing and actual bathrooms, a luxury—that she rushed in.
There she threw up. Well—nearly. Her stomach heaved, but not everything went out. Even so—Erin spat.
“Ugh…”
She clutched at her stomach. It was roiling. She’d never felt like that. Even Xrn’s teleportation hadn’t done that. But this—she was breathing too fast. Her heart was pounding out of her chest—
“Erin? You okay in there? You’re going to miss the first course! I told you we shouldn’t have given her all those candies, Grev. That and the carriage ride…”
Jasi knocked on the door. Erin started.
“What?”
“You’ve been in there ten minutes! You okay? We have potions if you’re feeling sick!”
She’d been in here a minute! Seconds! Erin started.
“C-coming!”
She wandered back out and was lost again. It was…far too much.
Everyone else was enjoying themselves to some degree. Even those who weren’t largely social—Ryoka included—could find something here. She had been sticking with Fierre anyways. The two had fun together, which was the point.
“Oh wow. Blood pudding. Ryoka, I have to…”
But Fierre did lose Ryoka at some points. The Djinni’s Spoon had tossed out every dish it had, and Fierre attacked the almost-untouched dish. Ryoka abstained.
“This is insane.”
She thought she’d been to events back on Earth—and she had now and then. But the Players were properly rich and well-connected. Ryoka looked around for Erin. She saw Mrsha and Selys hurrying over, pursued by Lyonette.
“It’s fine, Lyonette. It washes out! Let’s dye a pattern, Mrsha! You too, Lyonette!”
Ryoka saw them hurrying over to a [Magical Tattooist], who was doing temporary work on more than just skin. The Players had brought in so many entertainers! She saw the guests availing them nonstop of the services. No one was demanding a price; they’d get it from Emme.
“And this is me? How wonderful. Is this how I look? I see. I see. Thank you.”
Ryoka Griffin…stopped. She turned her head slowly.
No.
Someone was inspecting a miniature sculpture of herself, made out of wood. The [Carver] had even given it color. It was striking. Olive—skin, not olives, although Maughin was filling his plate with them for some reason—tone, delicate features.
