7.56
Page 4
She was…nervous around Xrn. Not afraid! Sort of afraid.
Very afraid. Xrn was hard for Erin to deal with and she was doing the same kind of pressuring as she’d done to Erin when she first came here to Ryoka. Only—more so this time. Erin wasn’t going to stand for it, of course! She just had to figure out how she was not going to stand for it.
“I did tell you what happened yesterday, right?”
“You, Palt, and Salamani wouldn’t let me come to ‘rescue’ Ryoka from Xrn. Right, right. And?”
“And we tried to insist she back off. Politely.”
“Mhm.”
“And she threw Salamani a hundred feet straight up.”
“Right. That’s why he’s sleeping in.”
Fierre shuddered. And that had been Xrn being playful—according to her. The Small Queen did not take it easy in anything she did. So much for being a Vampire. Some species were just plain cheaters.
She licked her lips as she stood, peering behind Erin. Fierre sniffed—Erin sidled a bit to the side, ostensibly to let her see. The [Innkeeper] glanced at Fierre and then at Xrn.
“Er—okay, I’d actually do it to Klbkch. But if I, y’know, bonked Xrn on the head. Lightly. Not with a magical thing, just like, a rolling pin? How mad do you think she’d be?”
“Do it. I’ll watch.”
Erin licked her lips for completely different reasons involving fear.
“D-do you think she has any weaknesses? Like—to cute things?”
“Didn’t she web Mrsha to the ceiling? Doubt it.”
“Right…”
 
—-
 
“Let us talk about Wrymvr, Ryoka Griffin.”
“Not Klbkch nearly dying?”
The Small Queen waved that off.
“It is clearly a ploy to motivate the Queens. He would not take that kind of injury with Wrymvr about. No, I wish to talk about Wrymvr.”
“I don’t know if I can help—”
The Small Queen looked at Ryoka.
“I do not know if you can. If you can, volunteer information. I simply wish to talk about him because he annoys me.”
Oh, vent. It was such a…Human emotion. And Xrn was certainly more nuanced than Klbkch in some ways. Less—in others.
She had leaned her staff against the table, but Ryoka was sure the staff was just a catalyst. The Small Queen used it; it did not define her. Nor did she practice magic like anyone else. Even Teriarch might have been impressed by her.
She was a [Thaumaturge]. A class that Ryoka hadn’t known existed until Xrn told her she possessed it. Her magic was varied, powerful, and didn’t follow the same…rules as other [Mages]. Or rather, a different set of rules.
Case in point: she had cast a spell to kill the Rock Crab yesterday. Ryoka shuddered.
[The Bindings of Belavierr]. A spell that had ensnared the crab with familiar threads, unbreakable no matter how hard it had fought. Ryoka had asked where Xrn had learned that spell. And she had said—
“I do not need to learn a spell, only call for it. Well, that is the magic I learned from my class, given to me by Skills. Magic in general is just—changing the world. Like you can do with a shovel, or fire, or water.”
“Wrymvr. Wrymvr annoys me. He and I have never gotten entirely along. I wish, sometimes, that Galuc had lived rather than Wrymvr. He would have been more agreeable. And made Hives that would have never fallen to petty [Earthquake] spells.”
The Small Queen mused aloud. Ryoka hesitated.
“Is it—callous to talk about them like that?”
“To wish death on Wrymvr? Perhaps. But I do not care if his feelings are hurt. He will regrow them. Besides, he is difficult to kill. I hoped Zel Shivertail could do it—I attempted to make that happen.”
“You wanted him to kill Wrymvr?”
The Small Queen sat there, alien, smiling at Ryoka.
