7.56
Page 5
“Yes. I had hoped dying would return him back to his senses, even if it meant him losing body and levels. He is a warmonger. While Klbkchhezeim and I attempt to find a way home—he is more concerned with the Twisted Antinium, who unleash experiments onto cities. Drive us closer to war. You see—he believes the only way to return home is to take each Walled City and turn them into rubble. To build more Hives? Destroy, to be perfectly safe. He is a simpleton, but he was never made to plan ahead.”
“I uh—it does sort of sound that way. Is he just—like that?”
Xrn tilted her head left and right. She liked conversing, another difference between her and Klbkch. He had treated it as a means to an end, but she had made Ryoka teach her a half-dozen tongue-twisters and patter songs and socialized before getting down to business. Well—that was probably to stop Ryoka from hyperventilating to death, anyways.
“You mean, less intelligent? Mm. Yes. Certainly less than me. Depending on how much brain matter she packed into Klbkchhezeim—but the Free Queen’s work aside, Klbkchhezeim was meant to think. Wrymvr was designed to protect Queens in war. He is straightforward, simple, arrogant. But powerful. I am more destructive. Half the Centenium were more destructive than he, and we were not all made for war. But no one among us was meant to survive like Wrymvr. He has never died.”
“Well, yeah, his nickname is—”
Xrn pointed at Ryoka and the City Runner shut up.
“You misunderstand me, Ryoka Griffin. Wrymvr has never died. Not once since his creation. Hence the name we gave him. You see my body? Made by Shaper Queens in Rhir, superior to the one Klbkch and the others lost at sea?”
She gestured at her form. Ryoka studied it—there was a level of…what, artisanship? that you could tell the other Antinium lacked. A superior quality to the carapace, not to mention the eyes and so on. Xrn nodded.
“It is a copy, perhaps even an improvement on my original body. I have died, Ryoka Griffin. Once. Wrymvr? Never.”
“Then—is he stronger than you?”
Another tilt of the head.
“Do you mean ‘could I kill him?’. That would be pointless. I am more destructive, more varied, better at leading and planning and, ironically, adapting and everything else you could imagine. Wrymvr is better at surviving. And singing.”
“Singing?”
Xrn’s antennae twitched and her mandibles lowered.
“Only by a bit. I tell you this, Ryoka Griffin, to persuade you that you must help me and the Antinium. As we established yesterday, without your interference, the Antinium will set out on a path neither you nor I wish to occur.”
War with the cities. Xrn had laid it out in a logical way for Ryoka, much as Klbkch had, but more directly.
There were two sides to the Antinium. The Queens, especially the Grand Queen, whom Xrn did not seem to like at all, who were focused on war with Izril as a means of rebuilding the Antinium and returning to Rhir with a vast army.
Then there was the Free Queen to some extent, Klbkch more or less, and Xrn, who dreamed of returning to Rhir to retrieve lost Antinium knowledge. They would bring it here—and rebuild the Antinium. Conquering Izril? An afterthought. Their goal was only one thing:
Return home. Destroy the sleeping god buried in Rhir.
“You told me you died facing the sleeping—”
Xrn lifted a finger. Her eyes turned—not black, not any color. The magical lights just winked out, leaving them blank and that was terrifying. Ryoka bit her tongue at once.
