7.56
Page 19
Someone—and there was no point naming names—might have shouted about ‘crooks’ this morning. Loudly. With people—sometimes the Watch, like Relc and Klbkch had been—who stayed at the inn. Erin’s heart sank.
“Hold on. You mean…Ratici and Wilovan? But they didn’t do anything. I just called them—I mean, they are—but you can’t—”
“Move in slowly. Miss Solstice!”
Zevara yanked Erin outside. She spoke in a quick rush.
“I am not arresting those two because you called them crooks. I am arresting them because it has come to my attention they both fit the description of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, a well-known Human gang in the north.”
“But that—”
Zevara gestured and Beilmark put a paw over Erin’s mouth so the Watch Captain could finish.
“And that yesterday, the Guildmaster of the Jeweler’s Guild was knocked out on his way home and hundreds—possibly over a thousand gold pieces’ worth of jewels stolen from the Guild’s vaults where it was being processed! As well as his personal possessions! No one in the Guild saw anything—nor did the Guildmaster, who has protective charms. Two high-level criminals pulled off the heist.”
She waited. Erin made a muffled noise and Beilmark let go, wiping her paw. Erin Solstice looked at Zevara. Then over her shoulder.
“…Oh.”
“They are not going to be thrown in jail just on the basis of that. However, we will question them extensively given the ability of criminals to evade spells. If they’re innocent, they only have a brief incarceration to fear.”
Zevara nodded and more [Guards] moved into the inn. Erin looked past Zevara and kicked the ground.
“But Zevara, they’re my guests. And they’re here to—”
“Stow it. Please, Miss Solstice. You can’t harbor criminals. Goblins aside—if they committed a crime…I will arrest you if you try to stop us.”
“Okay.”
The [Innkeeper] hung her head. The Watch Captain looked at her. Then she swept past Erin with a nod. She took her position; the Watch had opened the side doors and were lining the hallways after 4th Company. They were ready to charge as soon as Zevara went in first—she could freeze one of them.
Erin watched them go. The group was tense—then Zevara kicked the door open.
“City Watch! Do not move!”
Embria and 4th Company rushed in after her, ready for a fight. Palt ran for it along with a few individuals of nervous dispositions or guilty consciences. The Centaur vanished into the kitchen as the Watch streamed into the inn from all sides. One group even went via the tower—Bird watched them charge down the stairs.
“Whoa. No way.”
Zevara had not taken chances when she’d heard what level the Gentlemen Callers might be. Not only had she mustered the Watch and 4th Company’s best, she had recruited the newest branch of the City Watch.
Guardsman and [Sergeant] Yellow Splatters led the Worker-Soldier patrol up through the basement. Their newly instituted squad’s first mission was this.
It was a perfect raid from all sides. It really was. Erin listened to them shouting, the chaos. Then she stared past the place Zevara had been.
The thing was…Ratici and Wilovan crouched behind an outhouse. She’d seen them—sensed them, rather—as Zevara was talking.
Two high-level criminals were indeed good. Not enough to take on that many [Guards]—or want to do it, but that wasn’t their skillset, was it? They’d sensed the Watch coming and made their escape.
How? Erin could have managed it with her [Garden of Sanctuary], but she had no idea how the two Callers had done it. If she had to guess though—she thought they’d teleported into the outhouses and then slipped out stealthily.
