7.56
Page 29
And she was willing to do all of that. Just not for Erin Solstice. It never occurred to her that one of the people—many of the people who she’d helped so much—would want to do the same for her.
Or that they might be better than her at it. It was her fault, really. A month or two ago, when the Players of Celum were still newer to Invrisil, Erin might have been able to insist on them having some restraint.
But they were the thing within Invrisil. And another fault of Erin’s—or a misconception.
They meant every word.
“The Wandering Inn, tomorrow. Yes…your best inventory, please. I will see you there exactly at…”
Hedault the [Enchanter] was speaking to a [Merchant] who had put everything aside to hear the [Enchanter]’s request. One did not ignore Hedault when he offered you the opportunity to sell something. The [Artifact Merchant] was nodding eagerly. He’d heard of the inn. Hedault was writing down the appointment—and blocking off a lot of his precious time for his clients—when he heard the noise.
“It’s the Players of Celum! All of them! It’s like a parade!”
Someone shouted. Instantly, heads turned. Fans, admirers, and those attracted to the attention drifted down the street. Hedault himself did not. He tried to get the [Merchant]’s attention.
“The time will be—Merchant—”
“The Players?”
Then the noise overwhelmed his voice. Hedault turned. The Players of Celum? He’d heard of them—had never attended their plays—and he was vaguely aware that the stars of the Players could generate inconvenient crowds wherever they went without bodyguards. But what was the fuss? The [Enchanter]’s brows snapped together. Then—
“Ah. Excuse me.”
Hedault removed his spectacles. He wiped them, fastidiously cleaning them with a cloth. They were enchanted not to get dirty, but it was a habit. He put them back on.
Nope. It still looked like a parade. Hedault stared as the first carriage rolled past. The [Actors] were clinging to it, walking along. And there came performers, tumblers, putting on a performance—
“They’ve hired half of Invrisil’s performers! They’re saying someone’s going to be in the Solstice Booth tonight!”
“The Solstice…?”
Hedault’s head turned slightly. It couldn’t be. Then he focused on a familiar voice. He saw an arguing Dwarf striding along, pointing up ahead.
“That’s right! A performance! Line walking, lights—her best routine! We’ll pay for it! And can we get a reservation at the Djinni’s Spoon? Or the best restaurant you can think for…let’s see, can we rent it? We’ll trade premium tickets for the plays of your choice! We’ve got guests! Eltistiman, what’s the news?”
“Barelle the [Bard] has agreed to perform for the restaurant. Is the [Tumbler] going to do her performance?”
“Just up ahead! Damn, we’ll never be able to go shopping! Kilkran! Andel! Stop encouraging them! Get all the [Bodyguards] out!”
A line of people were preventing the crowd from stopping the [Players] as they ground traffic to a standstill. Jasi, Wesle, Kilkran, they were bad enough in small groups. But this was all of them.
Andel was standing on top of one of the carriages, signing autographs and hurling them into the crowd with Kilkran. People were fighting over them.
And at the center of it, shell-shocked or hugely entertained—or waving—were the guests.
Ryoka Griffin, sitting next to Fierre, who was open-mouthed with delight. Palt, trotting along and waving. Montressa and Bezale, staring about in delight. Kevin, Joseph, Leon, Troy, Galina, Imani, and Rose, some furtively recording the scene with their smartphones.
