7.56
Page 38
The line of guards was blocking anyone from intruding on the party not on the list. Erin hesitated, then smiled.
“Yeah! Just going for a quick walk. That okay?”
Redit exchanged glances with the other [Bodyguards].
“You’re the guest, Miss Solstice. Need an escort?”
“Naw. They don’t know me, right?”
Erin peeked at the crowd staring at the restaurant. Redit grimaced.
“They’ve got the [Actors] memorized. Some might pick you up, but—Channe, Channe, get over here.”
A female [Bodyguard] jogged over. She was the most built half-Elf Erin had ever seen. She also carried brass knuckles.
“Problem, Redit?”
“Can you give Miss Solstice a [Veil of Inconspicuousness]? She wants to go for a walk.”
The half-Elf gave Redit a thumbs-up. Erin expected some magic, but the half-Elf drew a box around Erin with her finger.
“Good for two minutes. If you’re going, Miss Solstice…just wave and we’ll grab you, don’t try to push through. Good way to get an elbow in the face if we don’t recognize you in time.”
They were playing a prank on her! Erin was amused, but she stepped into the crowd. They focused on her…they looked past her, bored.
“Does anyone see anything? Where’s the guests? Let us in!”
They went back to chanting. The [Bodyguards] held the line. Erin slipped away, tickled pink. Well, what a cool Skill! You learned something new every day.
And she wondered if her inn Skill could tackle that? Her aura. How strong was Channe versus Erin? If she tried to, say, help a little Gnoll steal cookies and Erin was guarding the jar? Erin bet that ‘inconspicuous’ didn’t help if you were on high-alert for anyone.
But it was perfect for this! Erin sighed in relief. Two minutes. She’d go for a ten-minute walk, and then, properly braced, she’d be the perfect guest. She really did have to say sorry. It was just—not her, y’know?
“Y’know?”
Erin looked around. Someone stared at her. She gave the person a smile and they walked past her, shaking her head. She liked that. Well—not that, but Erin liked not being the center of everything unless she had to.
If the Players had rented the restaurant and they’d had a more low-key thing, it probably would have been fine. If Erin could have been a guest in the theatre in the crowd, not in the super-popular booth…she probably would have accepted.
“I’m stupid.”
The [Innkeeper] kicked down the street. She just didn’t want to impose. But she’d imposed by not imposing. Figure that one out. And—it really was an imposition.
“You mean to say, sir, that our entire booking for the night is cancelled?”
A man was standing in the street, staring towards the Djinni’s Spoon. He looked rich. Although…Erin eyed him as she passed by…he was wearing armor. Armored cloth? It looked like someone had decided to create a suit of cloth that could function as armor.
Impractical, but magical. His servant or whomever it was, was cringing.
“It appears our booking was overturned by the—the Players of Celum.”
“The ones whose play we’re supposed to attend tonight at such cost? Wonderful.”
The man sighed. The people around him did not look amused. One put a hand on his side.
“The honor of—”
“Leave it, man. Leave it. No duels in Invrisil! Not now. What are we going to do for food? Send to the other restaurants. Why was the entire place booked, pray?”
As the man stammered, Erin resisted the urge to go over and poke the guy in the side and apologize. She did not—because that would be a bad idea. But see? Did you see what they had done? This poor group of…rich people…with enchanted swords and fine dresses would have to go to a four-star restaurant instead of…
