7.56
Page 16
Lyonette snapped back as she removed a handkerchief to clean Mrsha’s face. Ryoka felt like Lyonette was busily knifing her in the stomach. With words.
“Lyonette, I’m sorry, but could you tell me what I’ve done to make you so upset?”
“If you don’t know, don’t ask!”
The [Princess] snapped. She rounded on Ryoka, pointing a finger at her.
“You wouldn’t, would you? Just leave it, Ryoka. Not everything needs to be solved. I’m busy and—”
At this point, Mrsha dragged on Lyonette’s blouse and the young women—both of them—looked down. Mrsha had stopped crying. She was waving her paws frantically.
Stop fighting!
Both of them realized Mrsha had been trying to get their attention. And the tears of ‘no laptop, no Numbtongue’ were threatening to turn into real ones. Lyonette instantly lowered the finger.
“Mrsha! Don’t cry, don’t cry. It was just—”
She shot Ryoka a look and Ryoka nodded. She came over and Lyonette let Mrsha grab her hand.
“We were just angry for a second, Mrsha. It’s fine.”
The Gnoll girl was a bit too old to be lied to that effectively, even with both of them smiling and trying to comfort her. The two looked around.
“I wonder where Numbtongue has gone. If he has the youknow—the damn laptop—he can’t take it out in the open.”
Lyonette nodded, seizing onto that.
“Let’s find him. Mrsha tracked him to this door. So he has to be…Mrsha? Can you help us find Numbtongue?”
Mission: Find Numbtongue To Avoid Mrsha Crying was a go. Mrsha sniffed as Lyonette checked the door. Not Esthelm or Liscor…Celum neither. Wailant’s farm was Ryoka’s real guess, though. Lyonette’s too.
But he wasn’t there. Mrsha shook her head twice.
“Invrisil, then? I can’t believe it. But maybe—”
The door opened. Mrsha’s eyes widened and she pointed. He was there!
Invrisil? Ryoka looked uneasily at Lyonette. But Invrisil…there seemed to be a leap in logic here.
Numbtongue was a Goblin. Invrisil was a Human city that was not Celum or Liscor. Not cool with Goblins. So how—?
“Excuse me, did um, Numbtongue come through here just now?”
Lyonette found the [Innkeeper] who ran the Player’s Retreat, Master Veeid, and waved urgently to him as Mrsha sniffed around. He looked puzzled.
“The G—no. No—but then, someone did come through just now…wait a second.”
His eyes opened wide. He slapped himself on the forehead.
“It was him! Only—”
Only, Numbtongue was wearing his disguise. Lyonette and Ryoka’s jaws dropped. The armor disguise he’d used in the live show! Mrsha stomped her feet and threw her paws up.
“Do you see? Do you see the lengths evil Numbtongue will go to in order to keep the laptop from my earnest possession? The treachery, the gall, the conceit—”
…Is what Ryoka vaguely got from her indignant signing. She might have extrapolated some words, but the heart was there.
“Well, I think he’s gone a bit too far, don’t you? Do you know where he is, Master Veeid?”
Lyonette propped her hands on her hips, a bit put out at the level Numbtongue had gone to. Master Veeid hesitated.
“About that, Miss Lyonette…the thing is…”
 
—-
 
The thing was that he was right next door. Literally in one of the private rooms, helmet off, playing in a corner as Kilkran and some of the actors stared. Numbtongue had a bowl of expensive snacks and the other Players were working, relaxing, or watching him with fascination.
“Numbtongue!”
