7.56
Page 13
That was the second disarming thing. This young woman, who had many sterling qualities, was so strangely likeable. And more than that—she saw them for who they were and still liked them.
Wilovan and Ratici were polite, well-dressed, and usually mild-mannered people. So being liked wasn’t unknown to them. But being liked for who you were? When people knew you were the Callers? That—that was odd.
Even so, it was inconvenient. A few stares prickled Ratici, but he pretended it was some joke of Erin’s. The [Innkeeper] was resting on the table.
“Am I to understand that hole in the floor comes from this morning, Miss Solstice?”
“I didn’t know, Wilovan! Xrn made it.”
“The…lady over yonder. I see. The Small Queen of the Antinium. Who you seem to be on a first name basis with.”
“Yep. Is that weird?”
Wilovan hemmed and hawed, not willing to say ‘yes, absolutely.’
“Even in our lines of work, Miss Solstice, the Antinium are not something that’ve ever cropped up. One feels it’s like Demons in the inn, if you don’t mind me saying so.”
Ratici leaned over as he fished for a handkerchief. Erin looked up.
“Demons? Have you ever met any?”
“Not myself, Miss Solstice…”
The two were delicate on that point. Erin looked at Ratici.
“Do they have wings and horns? And uh—flaming stuff?”
“One doesn’t inquire, Miss Solstice. Wings, horns…”
Erin wasn’t sure how to ask if they were really demons. She settled for a mildly stern look towards the two Callers.
“Why’re you two so surprised Xrn is here? Liscor has Antinium. You two are the bigshot bigwig hat guys from up north, right?”
The two paused for a long moment. Wilovan’s lips moved soundlessly. Ratici shook his head.
“Miss Solstice, we don’t tend to advertise we’re about. Meeting you, this stay—it’s been rather unique. And if you don’t mind us saying so, we tend to draw the line between ourselves not for our protection, if you understand me.”
“Oh. But am I going to be in danger?”
“Not immediately. But we do come from different worlds, Miss Erin.”
She laughed at that. For reasons neither Gentlemen Caller quite knew. Erin looked at Wilovan and Ratici, and put her hands on their shoulders.
“Yeah, we do! But there’s no reason we can’t be friends, right?”
The two could only sigh at that. Yet she was attractive. In a way that didn’t define itself purely physically. People had been drawn to this inn. So many odd sorts.
Hedault, Pelt, two master-class artisans. Montressa, Palt, Bezale, Salamani, [Mages] of Wistram. The Callers, Xrn, Antinium…
And more. Ryoka was watching as Kevin sketched out Mrsha’s tricycle and she urgently wrote suggestions and he tried to incorporate them—or politely ignore some.
“I can’t put swords on it, Mrsha. And it won’t fly. How about color? Puce is…where did you learn that word? Do you know what puce actually looks like?”
Mrsha did not. But Kevin had a great idea! Which he totally didn’t come up with to stop her from grabbing his quill every two seconds to make her adjustments to her bike.
“I have a basic paint program on my youknowwhat. Why don’t you find the perfect color on it? And I’ll finish the bike and you can choose what color it is, okay?”
He shooed Mrsha towards the secret rooms—now with air vents. Ratici, had, of course, already found them, but he still hadn’t been able to figure out what was going on inside. He watched as Mrsha excitedly bounced into the Garden.
“Do you think you could get in, Ratici? Asking purely as one professional to another.”
“Hm. I’d have to really take a crack at it, Wilovan. On the surface? The asking price would be too high for most to even bother.”
