7.56
Page 22
Invrisil’s Watch—if they somehow knew about this spot, and if they decided it was a really good idea to raid this place? They’d need an army to get past that old man and his knife, let alone break down that door.
Only when they’d passed through to the next room did the two finally speak. Wilovan adjusted his hat, sat down with a sigh on the nearest chair, and shook his head.
“A fine mess, Ratici, that’s what it is.”
“We’ve had to abandon the contract.”
The Drake nodded. The two sat for a moment.
Did you do it?
“Callers. Fine day to you.”
Someone strolled up at once. The two Callers looked up and about. What they saw was a rather large…home.
Yes, a home. A communal home that varied from city to city, but where fellows of a similar nature gathered. They all had hats, of course. They cooked, cleaned, slept, ate, talked, and returned here. They were a gang—and something akin to a family.
But no family member would ever come here. And the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings, for all they made their beds here, would never die here. It was always outside. Here was simply safety.
“Teor, isn’t it?”
The young man was smartly dressed—you had to be, especially if you were new. Show willingness and all that. He kept his boots shined and polished black, and his vest had not a single thread out of place. For a hat? He’d chosen a triangular one, a tricorne. Not colorful, but a bit avant-garde.
Flashy. But then, Teor was suited to the role. Each Brother had a class, a role, a specialty. Teor’s was to make sure a Brother in trouble got out of said trouble. Even if it meant Teor took the heat.
“Yes, Mister Wilovan, Mister Ratici. Delighted you remember me. But I thought you were—excuse me. I happened to notice you were engaged and I thought you’d be at the job…as it were.”
The young man corrected himself. The two older Callers chuckled. And their conversation attracted a few heads.
Six more Brothers were in the immediate vicinity. They’d tipped their hats on seeing the Callers, but now two more came over. They listened as Wilovan sighed and took his hat off. In this place, you could, without it meaning more than you wanted to scratch your head.
“We happened to run into trouble. Nothing that calls for dirtying the vest—but we found ourselves unwelcome. Rather a fast turnout and large one, for such a city. Ratici?”
“Drake cities. The Watch Captain must be sharp. Some decent folk in the mix. Rather bothersome if they pressed their objections to you up close.”
The others nodded. Oho. If the Callers said that, they’d keep their noses clean around Liscor. Decent folk? You had to watch out for them.
“What can we do for you, gentlemen?”
Ratici shrugged.
“We need a fine sort to keep posted on our escort. At least one—if it’s not us, Wilovan?”
“Make it three.”
Three? But Teor instantly volunteered, as did two more off-duty Brothers. They listened as Ratici filled them in, and Wilovan.
“We may need to hide the hats, gentlemen. I know, I know, but we are under contract.”
“We could—hire out another group?”
“Perhaps. Let’s see how our replacements do. Could be they’ll need to move out swiftly. In which case we’ll make an urgent request between friends to—Wilovan?”
The Gnoll smoothed at his hair, exasperated.
“Somileirr owes us a favor. If need be, we’ll call it in. Hopefully we can put some unobtrusive fellows in the right place. Teor, Crimshaw, loitering. Unobtrusive, sir.”
He turned to the last hatted man, who was so unobtrusive that sometimes a weary Brother would get into his bed, thinking it was empty. The man tipped his hat.
