7.56
Page 18
Pallass? Er—pass.
Go shopping? That was so broad and not something Erin actually did, so her mind fizzled out there. Visit a friend? Well, Erin’s friends…
“Um. Erin? I can just go into Liscor—”
“Oh no. You’re my guest! Are you bored? How long have you been bored?”
Erin flung up her hands. Fierre saw her rush over to Salamani.
“I’m a bad host! We’ll—we’ll do something interesting!”
“It’s fine, Erin, really! I just wondered if you had any suggestions!”
“I do! Loads! P-Pelt? Wait, we can go watch Pelt smith something? Or—or Hedault! Why don’t we—”
The two [Artisans] paused on their way out. Pelt looked at Erin. Then at Fierre and Salamani.
“I don’t let people watch my work. Piss off.”
He stomped out. Hedault shook his head.
“I have work to do, Miss Solstice. My enterprise is also not catering to voyeurs—Miss Lischelle-Drakle, I will have your order ready with Courier Salamani’s tomorrow…”
He stepped out. Erin looked around frantically.
“Erin, it’s fine. Really. I’ll go out. Or Salamani…”
“No! I have to entertain you…! Just kidding. Okay, fine. Sorry, guys.”
Erin lowered her arms. She gave up. Fierre smiled—edged back from Erin a bit, and looked at Salamani. He shrugged.
She was definitely not Ryoka. Erin had a flair for the…dramatic. The silly-dramatic, rather. Ryoka got dramatic in a different way. She got anxious, in her head—Erin was fun.
“If you guys want to go to Pallass, I can try to let you through—but they’re pretty mad so only Saliss can actually go through. Sorry.”
“Invrisil will do. Have you ever been, Fierre?”
“No, actually. So there’s plenty.”
The Vampire girl grinned. She opened the door to Invrisil as Erin waved them off—just in time to hear a shout. Numbtongue had just put Lyonette in an arm-bar.
Erin missed the shout because she had closed the door and was sighing. Time to upgrade the inn’s entertainment center! Or see if her mystery opponent was up for something. After the Xrn-incident, she felt like she had time to relax. She wondered if Mrsha was done with the laptop—Erin could go for a movie or music.
That was Erin’s plan. And it was just as well that they weren’t best laid, because she was interrupted by the door opening.
Not the magic door. For once, it was the regular door.
The regular door, the unsung hero, the neglected child compared to the magical door. Downgraded from an entrance to the restroom door—and the occasional and rare visitor on foot. Nevertheless, it opened now and someone stepped through.
Watch Captain Zevara. Erin turned.
“Zevara?”
The Drake halted. She eyed Erin and her set face became resigned.
“Miss Solstice. I don’t know if it’s good I found you here or not. Please don’t make this any harder than it has to be.”
“What? What are you—huh.”
Erin peered past Zevara. And she saw the Watch Captain wasn’t alone. There was…Embria. Twenty members of 4th Company, Beilmark, Jeiss…five other Senior Guardsman and a lot of regulars.
“Um. I didn’t do it.”
Erin saw the fuzz—on Tkrn’s body and about half the people lined up behind Zevara. The Watch Captain sighed.
“Miss Solstice. You are not under arrest. However, I would appreciate you stepping aside and not doing anything. I am going to arrest two of your guests and—”
“Palt did nothing wrong! He’s a good guy! It was Saliss who gave the drugs to—you can’t arrest him!”
Erin panicked. She thought this was about Saliss yesterday—but Onieva had paid his fine, or so she’d said! Poor Drake, she’d passed out at a table. But Zevara was trying to shush her.
“Miss Solstice! Would you be quiet? It’s not either of them!”
“Oh. Then wh—”
The [Innkeeper] paused. Oh. Oh.
