7.56
Page 6
“Our enemy. Wrymvr escaped that by chance, Ryoka Griffin. But know this: the living Centenium marched that day. The Centenium marched upon it with the First Queen and the largest host of Antinium ever known. And we died.”
She leaned forwards.
“Do you think the army that should have landed on Terandria’s shores was vast? Two hundred ships we sent, to colonize Terandria. That army was dust and ash before the one we sent against our enemy. And. We. Died.”
Light flickered in her eyes. Swirling blackness and two motes of grey light. Pupils, within her multi-faceted insect’s eyes. They locked on Ryoka. Twice as terrifying.
“That is why you will help me. Because your enemy is my enemy. Because our enemy would unleash horrors like Crelers and has done so without end. It will not stop until the world dies—or it. Or it wakes up.”
Ryoka’s mouth was dry. She just wanted to eat her granola and hug a Gnoll. This was far too early in the morning for this kind of conversation.
“Why don’t you tell everyone, then? I asked Klbkch—”
“Why would they believe the Antinium? And secondly—even if they did? It would strengthen it. The First Queen decreed that only the Centenium and Queens should be told what they fought because it gained strength with every mind that knew. And even then—magic and might cannot even scratch it. It births the horrors of Rhir as it…sleeps.”
So, create an army of Antinium on another continent. Come back and figure out a way to overwhelm or contain. That was the Antinium’s initial plan. It had gone off the rails when they died at sea. Now—they were a threat to Izril. But Ryoka couldn’t help but believe Xrn when she said that she didn’t care for the Walled Cities or conquest. The point was to kill a god.
To kill…
“Back to Wrymvr. Do you know where a Dragon is, Ryoka Griffin?”
Xrn sat back and Ryoka nearly died again.
“No. Why?”
The Centenium happily ate from her quiche.
“It might be able to kill Wrymvr. Dragonfire humbled him once. The sea could not drown him, but neither could he best the Kraken, only survive it. He has lost to all of our greatest foes. But lived. I heard from Klbkchhezeim that Erin Solstice might know where the Dragon is, but she denied it. Wrymvr should die. If he dies—he will know mortality, and that, I think, will make him wiser. A Dragon could kill Wrymvr. Or…something buried deeply. Perhaps in your dungeon. Are you aware of what might be down there?”
Ryoka pushed back her bowl. She was not having breakfast anymore.
“No. What? What do you know?”
The Small Queen smiled back at Ryoka.
“Nothing. But I know what is found in the deep places. I told you, Ryoka Griffin. The Antinium came of Rhir. We were created by our foe, just like Crelers. Just like everything else. Time and the First Queen gave us freedom to rebel. But time corrupts. The deeper we dug, the more we found waiting for us. We have found their like twice in Izril—many times in Rhir.”
“Things?”
Xrn nodded, as if oblivious to how much skin was trying to crawl off Ryoka and hide under her bed.
“They exist across this world. Things of good intention and ill. Changed by time. The other species call them ‘Old Things.’ I think your dungeon may have something like that. Why else is it so malevolent? That thing they call Face Stealer—I have tried to kill it three times. It lives. It could come up from the dungeon and kill every person in Liscor, I think. Klbkch and the Queen held it off many times—sometimes by feeding it thousands of Soldiers and Workers. You seem remarkably carefree with such threats around.”
Ryoka shuddered.
