7.56
Page 34
“Alas. If only you were Antinium. If only Antinium could cast magic. I would have made an army of spellcasters. Regular Antinium have no…storage for mana. We are not made like you or animals. We possess nothing to shape the world. Even the First Queen did not know what she made; I was an experiment, the Centenium made to harness magic. Few others were ever made like me. Now, I am alone.”
She stood there. And her Human features betrayed what Ryoka hadn’t spotted on her Antinium ones. Melancholy. Xrn smiled after a moment.
“Perhaps that too can change. But even an Individual cannot form a mana center…unless it can? Do something.”
She poked Ryoka in the chest. Ryoka stared at Xrn. Same Antinium, different body. She had…an answer. Ryoka took a breath.
“Have you ever fed an Antinium a diet of mana potions regularly? In increasing amounts? I’m told that other people do that.”
Xrn stopped crunching sugar glass spiders. Her eyes focused on Ryoka.
“How fascinating.”
Ryoka wondered what she’d just done. Or if that was nothing. But someone clapping her hands loudly from the stage at the front of the room made everyone look up.
“Attention! Everyone shut up for a moment! That means you, Kilkran!”
The hubbub died down. Emme pointed to the figure on stage.
“I present: Barelle the [Bard]! Who has graciously agreed to give us a performance! He will be putting on Ten Comedies of Terandria, his own work!”
“Ladies and Gentlemen. And [Actors] too.”
Barelle the [Bard] spoke and Ryoka felt a tingle run down her spine. Now there was a voice.
It was true that the Players had upstaged Invrisil’s entertainment scene with their newfangled plays. But Invrisil had always been the place where high-level entertainers came. Like other major cities of Izril, it was a tourism hub.
The City of Adventurers was more renowned for its high adventurer population and thus shops and services than, say, First Landing or Zeres, trading ports or ancient capitals of Drake and Human might. But it still attracted the rich and powerful from far and wide.
Both as guests of the city and performers. Barelle the [Bard] was one such. He got a laugh from the Players for his copy of how they addressed their audience. And he had a lyre.
He strummed it now and Numbtongue looked up. But like everything of this world—magic added a second element.
Barelle’s lyre was a modification of the standard, seven-stringed lyre. And while Numbtongue might have vouched that his guitar was an advancement of one of the older instruments—they both had the same origin in how they were made.
Yet Barelle’s lyre had fourteen strings. Seven were the regular ones, delicately strung, possibly Pegasus hair or some perfect material along the work of art that was his lyre. But seven more lay behind the ordinary seven.
Each one was a different color. Each one glowed. And when Barelle plucked the one shining like ivory, the sound it made—
Silence. Mrsha, trying to punch more room into her tummy, looked up. Numbtongue stared. The [Actors], guests, all listened.
That sound—was not normal. It had no chord Ryoka could place. It was eerie, higher-pitched. But Barelle played—one ivory note, five mortal chords.
And he had his audience spellbound.
“It is my honor to perform for fellow tellers of stories today. I am looking forwards to your performance of Elisial tonight—and I will do my best to entertain you now.”
