7.56
Page 28
Erin wasn’t getting it. Wesle shook his head, looking amused and exasperated.
“Erin, all deference to Temile aside, there’s a huge difference between the inn’s stage and ours.”
“Like TV versus the real thing.”
Ryoka muttered in the young woman’s ear. Erin sighed.
“Well, sure! They’re all friends. Can the booth—?”
“You haven’t even seen it!”
The [Actors] roared at Erin. She jumped. What did she think a booth was, standing-room for two people only? And then Palt sidled over.
“Erin—I have a huge favor to ask. Personally…”
She turned. Then the [Innkeeper]’s eyes narrowed. Selys, Montressa, Bezale, they were all lined up behind Palt.
“…You guys too?”
They nodded eagerly. Erin looked around. Lyonette had Mrsha in her arms. Numbtongue was standing awkwardly apart from her, but both were looking her way.
“I’ve been meaning to, Erin. And Mrsha wants to…we might not all fit, though.”
“Well then, we’ll kick out another booth.”
Emme interrupted them. She looked around, counting heads.
“Two booths is more than enough!”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Kick someone out? That’s not good. We can split it up—”
“Erin. We’ll give them better seats or refund them. But you have to come, too. We’ve been waiting to do this for ages.”
Jasi interrupted her. The [Actress] looked around, a gleam in her eyes.
“Tell you what. If you all want to watch tonight—convince Erin to let us take her out to Invrisil. And we’ll get you two the best seats and take you with us. That’s restaurant, attractions—”
All heads turned to Erin. The [Innkeeper] raised her hands, a hesitant grin on her face.
“Erin?”
Ryoka was looking at her. She wanted this. This sounded…great. The [Innkeeper] looked at Ryoka.
“Come on. I don’t want to be a bother, Ryoka.”
“We don’t get tickets if we don’t get you, Erin.”
Imani pointed out. The [Innkeeper] hesitated.
“But restaurants? Okay, I’ll go to the booth.”
“Not a five-star restaurant? Are you mad? Or high? Did Saliss get to you, too?”
Rose stared. Montressa and Bezale blushed. Erin hesitated. Ryoka peered at her. This was beyond mere reluctance. Erin spread her hands.
“Look guys, I’m flattered. But there are like—a dozen of us here!”
Ryoka’s friends, the Earthers, her family, the [Mages]…Erin gestured around.
“It’s way too much. I didn’t want to make the Players spend money on me! A fancy restaurant? Attractions? We can’t just—”
“Erin. Are you crazy? Hang the expense!”
Wesle seized her. That was why she’d refused? Jasi grabbed her other arm. The [Innkeeper] started, but Mrsha propped up her legs with a grunt. The Players of Celum clustered around as Kevin ran to get Galina. Erin struggled, but Ryoka was grinning and the [Innkeeper] was the only one against the flow.
“Let go, guys! Guys? Okay, I’ll go! But casually! We can like, go window shopping. We don’t need to pay for a huge restaurant. That’s expensive! I’ve never been to a fancy place, even back—let’s not make a big deal about it. Guys? Guys?”
Oh, for an [Innkeeper]’s reluctance! For modesty, for misapprehensions. She’d delayed and refused. But it was long overdue. So long in fact—that the moment had been building. The Players abandoned their rehearsals. Erin’s friends, new and old, clustered around.
Casually? The Players of Celum swept out of the inn, carrying the protesting [Innkeeper] with them. They were going to turn the damn city upside down for her!
 
—-
 
If Erin Solstice had a flaw, it was that she was reluctant to spend her energy…on herself. She had, on numerous occasions, started the equivalent of riots. Brought a parade into Liscor, mobilized aid for Esthelm.
