7.56
Page 7
“Can you—can you stop giving me nightmares for five seconds, Xrn? I know what you’re fighting. I’m sold. Please—please stop convincing me.”
“Then help us.”
“I’m willing to—”
Xrn reached into her side bags. She put something on the table. Ryoka stared at a blank piece of paper. Xrn added a quill, and ink.
“Trebuchet. I will also accept ballista designs. For Bird.”
“I can’t just—”
“You know how to make them?”
“Look, I, what I meant was—”
Xrn scooted the paper closer to Ryoka. She tapped it with one finger.
“That is aid, Ryoka Griffin. Not words. Material. Immediate. Tell me how to make a ship. Give me the designs of this bicycle…no, that seems less useful to the Antinium.”
Her eyes drilled into Ryoka’s—still in pupil-mode. Ryoka felt like Xrn was grabbing her soul and trying to squeeze it for answers.
She was intense. And what made Xrn scary was that she was right. Ryoka couldn’t dance around being an ally with her. You were either helpful or not in Xrn’s mind. And Ryoka—
“Bop.”
A rolling pin made less loud sound compared to Erin’s voice, squeaky with nerves. But it did bop the Antinium on the head, between her antennae. Xrn’s glowing pinpoints of light unscrambled.
Ryoka and Xrn turned. Erin Solstice stood there. She was pale—and turned paler as Xrn slowly twisted in her seat.
“Is that an attack, Erin Solstice?”
“Noooooooooooo. Just—a warning bop! That’s all! Definitely not an attack!”
Erin lowered the pin in a hurry. Ryoka stared at her. And then at Fierre, who was pressing her hands to her mouth, clearly not expecting Erin to have actually just done that.
What was that line about consequences? Xrn regarded the pin. She felt at her head. Then she stood up so fast Erin squeaked.
“I see. Then. Is it war?”
Erin backed up, babbling so fast that she nearly fell over the chair behind her. Xrn watched her—then opened her mandibles and lifted them. She made the fluttering sound again.
“That is a joke. I am quite amused. Did you see that, Ryoka? Klbkchhezeim was always so humorless.”
She sat back down. Ryoka saw Erin leaning on a table to catch her breath and clutching at her heart. Xrn laughed again.
“Individual Antinium. That is Erin’s gift to the Free Antinium and why I do not insist. You though—I will press you. You have not been useful until now, Ryoka Griffin. Give me something.”
She looked at Ryoka. The City Runner’s eyes flickered to Erin. She saw Xrn waiting, smiling—then jump slightly in her seat.
It was a commonality between species. Erin had sidled over, and then, with two fingers, poked Xrn right in the side, about where her belly would be. Ryoka waited for Erin to die.
“H-hey. Stop picking on Ryoka…”
Erin saw Xrn reach for her staff. The [Innkeeper] threw her hands up—
“Hold on! I was just—”
Pop. Erin Solstice vanished. Ryoka shot to her feet.
“Xrn!”
“I simply removed her. I am willing to entertain her, Ryoka Griffin. But not right now.”
“What did you—”
Xrn shrugged as Hedault turned to stare and Fierre ran away to hide. She pointed.
“Up.”
 
—-
 
“Aaah! Aaaaah!”
Erin dangled from the edge of Bird’s tower. Bird stared down at her.
“Hello, Erin. How did you do that, please?”
 
—-
 
Ryoka sat there, feeling like she was trapped. Really—she was. She had to give Xrn something, or tell her, right here and now, that she was not the Antinium’s ally, even insofar as it pertained to killing what might or might not be a god, sleeping in Rhir.
It all made sense, too. Ryoka put her head in her hands.
“Just—just give me a second to think. You know I’m unwilling to give you big things, Xrn. It’d make the Antinium…”
“You have three minutes.”
