7.56
Page 24
“Just another day at The Wandering Inn! This is what I pay for!”
Menolit shouted good-naturedly from his table. Erin heard laughter—and she saw most of her guests looked far from worried. Rather, they were amused, talking, collecting money—
“I knew this place couldn’t go for a week without something like that involving the Watch. Pay up!”
An old Gnoll was demanding money from some reluctant bettors. Erin shook her head. Was this what her inn had come to? Entertainment?
Speaking of which…she narrowed her eyes.
“Where’s…Ryoka, Mrsha, Lyonette, and Numbtongue? They’re not in the inn.”
She could tell. The others shook their heads.
“Weren’t they in Invrisil, Erin?”
“Huh. Yeah, they were looking for Numbtongue. I wonder…”
Erin went back to the door. She peered through.
“Hey, is N—”
That was when she heard the commotion.
 
—-
 
“Numbtongue! I am warning you—”
Lyonette was pretty impressive. Ryoka had no idea why she was angry at her. Or rather—too many ideas sprung to mind. But she could respect the [Princess] on a lot of levels.
For instance, face-down, in the arm-bar that someone had taught Numbtongue—she was still trying to threaten him.
The Hobgoblin had triumphed. Rather easily, too. He was stronger and faster and…Ryoka was hesitating.
Did she try to get Numbtongue off? She was fairly certain he could kick her ass, especially since he had Skills. Even without, probably. The [Actors] were standing back. And Mrsha—
She jumped on Numbtongue. He swatted her off. They were fighting.
He was holding Lyonette down, rather. But this had started over a laptop and now it wasn’t so funny. This had probably been a long time coming. But Ryoka was hesitating, and the Hobgoblin was eying her.
“Numbtongue. Will you let go of Lyonette?”
“Not if she bosses me around. I am not a child.”
The [Bard] grunted. Lyonette struggled—but he had her dead to rights. Mrsha bared her teeth. She opened her mouth and bit. She was getting vicious. Numbtongue yanked his free arm out of the way of the teeth. He glared at Mrsha.
“Mrsha—”
Ryoka was wavering. She looked from the Gnoll, who was reaching for a wand, to Numbtongue, who was tensed—to the [Actors]. Wesle was hesitating.
Then someone pushed through the crowd.
“There you guys are. What—”
Numbtongue looked up as Mrsha leapt, wand flashing. Ryoka grabbed Mrsha. She struggled, but then someone had yanked the wand out of Mrsha’s paw.
“Mrsha! Stop that! What’s going on here?”
Erin Solstice stood in the doorway. The Hobgoblin and [Princess] stopped fighting. Mrsha stopped thrashing in Ryoka’s arms. Erin stared at the [Bard] holding the [Princess] down.
Numbtongue—hesitated. Lyonette, red-faced, made a sound.
“Erin—I’m handling this.”
“Numbtongue? Ryoka? What’s going on? Is that—”
Erin eyed the laptop. She listened as Ryoka gave her an explanation. The City Runner saw the [Innkeeper]’s brows cross.
“What?”
She looked around. The Hobgoblin gave her a defiant look. He kept his lock on Lyonette. As if to say ‘what? I’m not doing anything wrong here.’
Mrsha was spitting, trying to get out of Ryoka’s arms. The [Innkeeper] turned to Mrsha first.
“Mrsha, stop.”
Predictably, the white Gnoll girl didn’t. Ryoka had been telling Mrsha that the entire time. She was too angry, and—
“Mrsha. I said, stop.”
The Gnoll girl—stopped. Ryoka saw her go limp and, panting, look at Erin. The [Innkeeper] stared at Mrsha.
“Don’t attack Numbtongue. Let me talk. Understand?”
Mrsha hesitated. Then she slowly nodded. Erin looked at Ryoka. The City Runner slowly put Mrsha down.
“Numbtongue. What are you doing?”
