7.57
Page 15
Crunch, crunch. Everyone turned to Kevin. He was eating from a bowl of popcorn with the Earthers. They weren’t in the way—Snapjaw edged over and grabbed a bowl for herself, sniffing at the yeast in a perplexed way—but it was weird to have an actual peanut, or rather, popcorn gallery.
Hedault gave Kevin a more forgiving look of patience. Erin looked excited at the prospect too, but the [Enchanter] just shook his head.
“That would not be the most effective protection. Nor do I believe a chain shirt would be at all pleasant combined with fur.”
Mrsha winced. She glared at Kevin as if he was trying to rip out all her fur!
“What then? I’m all for an enchanted amulet or ring, Erin. If Ryoka’s paying for it?”
Lyonette looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] nodded after a moment. Hedault shook his head again, sighing. The non-[Enchanters] and the notions they got in their heads.
“Amulets fall off. Children have a habit of losing rings as well. A bracelet is usually the most effective solution, especially if they are comfortable and designed to resist removal. As it so happens—I have my suggestion here.”
He produced a bracelet. The world of enchanting services was a vast one, and as he fastened the jade-metal bracelet around Mrsha’s wiggling paw, Hedault explained.
“Fall protection, arrow protection—this is known as an ‘impact bulwark’ enchantment. It activates if anything strikes the wearer over a certain velocity. One calibrates what that velocity of motion is; for children in day-to-day accidents I calibrate it rather low. Even so, a bookshelf falling on her would trigger it. But a high-impact event like—”
Mrsha swan-dived off the table. Ryoka grabbed for her, but too late! Mrsha went splat and there was a flash—
She bounced off the floor and delighted, picked herself up! Lyonette lowered her arms.
“Oh no.”
Oh yes! An impact shield? Ryoka saw Mrsha’s eyes light up. She looked around and everyone instantly got out of the way.
Mrsha could, in fact, activate it at top-speed by colliding with Ryoka’s shins. Anything less and it was Mrsha who smacked her little head into a shinbone and ran off crying. The potential to turn the little white monster into a knee-high hazard aside, Erin and Lyonette loved the idea.
“It might actually save her. Especially from Rock Crabs and stuff. Is that your best one, Hedault?”
He nodded.
“This is the highest-grade enchantment I can produce. In kinetic force, it would be about 82.4 Etherons.”
“Oooh.”
That came from another bystander. Palt, Montressa, and Bezale had been watching, but now that thing started getting technical, they entered the conversation. Maviola was nodding too. Ryoka had to ask the layman’s question.
“Etheron? What does that measure? Can you convert that to pounds of force?”
The others gave her arch looks that made Ryoka want to slap the backs of their superior heads. Montressa explained to the audience.
“Doesn’t work like that, Ryoka. Magical measurements recharge, so that’s a value of resistance and time it recharges. It’s like—you could hit Mrsha with a sledgehammer every…Bezale?”
The Minotauress was already doing sums on a piece of parchment. The [Spellscribe] looked up.
“Every forty two minutes. Or hit her three times in quick succession to drain it. The average Human male below Level 20, that is. I could probably manage it in two swings at full force. With a six hour full recharge time in an average mana environment? You went with 0.8 to 1.2 mana-density, yes, Master Hedault?”
“Naturally.”
