7.57
Page 39
“Um…um…Deilan, that is, Lord Deilan wanted me to ask—”
Desinee stammered. Maviola might look younger than her, but the glare had ruled the House of El longer than Desinee had been alive.
“He wants advice? Tell him to figure it out! Either it works or it doesn’t. Just don’t get people killed. So long as you do that, it works out.”
Maviola was incredulous. The nerve of Deilan! Had she chosen wrong? But—then Desinee spoke again.
“It’s about Tyrion Veltras.”
“Ah.”
The [Lady Firestarter] paused. She handed the slips to the Gnoll [Receptionist] and turned back to Desinee. One of the [Guards] bowed; she sniffed.
“Pay the Guild would you, man? I was putting it on the House of El’s credit. But I might as well settle up.”
“At once, Lady El.”
They meekly scurried past her. Maviola stepped away with Desinee. The [Lady] jiggled her child.
“The Circle of Thorns—”
“They’re fools.”
“But they have the Guild—”
“And they fought with Magnolia’s grandmother and they’ve been on Izril since we were. Yes, yes. So what? They do not threaten one of the Five Families. If I were in charge and Gresaria and I were your age, we would be hanging [Assassins] like grapes off a vine! Petra and Ulva would be fighting as well. And Cirike—”
She paused. Dead names, that Desinee had only ever heard, no faces to match. Maviola shook her head.
“Each generation. Magnolia and Tyrion, the terrible duo born of the Antinium Wars. Both idiots in their way. One can make money, the other swing a sword. But neither are well loved. Ulva hides in her House, mourning Petra…”
It was the same refrain. Desinee nodded.
“But Grandmother. What do we do? We could…”
She clutched her son until he started crying. Then Desinee held him and stroked his head, whispering to him.
“You’re holding your weakness, Desinee. Of course your enemies will aim at it.”
Maviola felt weary. She shook her head.
“It’s not for me to decide. I—am not matriarch.”
Lies. You live! And while you live, Deilan lives in your shadow! Her younger self whispered to her. Maviola clenched her fist. It would be so easy. But she turned away.
“Desinee—there’s no cure. I had the same talk with a young idiot. If Deilan wants to intervene—why? Tell him to ask himself that. Is it because it is wrong, morally? Because it damages the Five Families and thus the House of El? Because they might go after him next?”
“And?”
Desinee hung on Maviola’s words. The [Lady] looked back at her.
“And then tell him the reason doesn’t matter! If he moves—if he fights—do it with a damned plan! Ryoka Griffin—Deilan is twice her age! But you’re both children. If you are going to dare this Circle, do it with a plan or not at all!”
Ryoka Griffin would die, running alone. You needed…Maviola closed her eyes as Desinee bowed.
“Grandmother…won’t you sit with me? At least with Qibby. You still have time.”
The [Lady] stared at Desinee, and the baby. She reached out and then lowered her hands, shaking her head.
“Go, Desinee. And tell Deilan not to bother me. If I sit with you—I will never rise.”
Her time was up. The [Lady] sniffled, but Maviola strode away. Maybe—but just as well. Just as well. Because Ryoka Griffin…was a fool with a heart. The worst kind. No one had said she was wrong to want to help, did she? Just—
Maviola El strode into The Wandering Inn as the last visitor arrived. She heard Liska’s tired refrain.
“Hello. Welcome to The Wandering Inn. Read this sign—oh. It’s you. Nevermind.”
The [Lady Firestarter] walked forwards and saw nudity. Saliss of Lights cavorted into the inn after her.
“Maviola! Just the Human I wanted to see. Tried my other potion?”
