7.57
Page 0

On that day, it began with meetings.
The Wandering Inn was as of yet dark as the Worker crept up through the inn. He noted how messy it was as he edged through the common room. No blood, though. Which Bird took to be a good sign.
He hadn’t been here. He had, in fact, been away from the inn most of the day and night. He’d even missed his precious salt-bird, and he hoped Erin hadn’t forgotten.
The Worker slowly walked up the stairs. First floor—Erin, his room, and others. But he hadn’t been there. He’d been in the secret place with some other co-conspirators. Working on the secret thing. Then he’d gone to the Hive.
It was too dangerous to try to work in his room. Little Mrshas kept wandering in and all that hammering and so on would be noticed, even as thick as the walls were. Also—the explosions.
Anyways, Bird had learned something.
Ballistae were hard to make.
This was an observation he’d solemnly shared with his other Worker-Antinium in the Painted Antinium’s barracks. Officially, Bird had quit the Free Hive. But he came by now and then because no one had ever stopped him but Klbkch.
“Ships are also hard to make float, according to Anand.”
Belgrade had relayed that to Bird. Since the [Hunter] had no interest in ships, he’d listened as Pawn, Belgrade, Garry, and Bird all tried the newest recipe from Garry’s kitchen. Worm In A Blanket. Only, the blanket wasn’t a blanket, but bread.
The worm was a worm.
The point was that Bird needed to try again. Also, he needed more wood and better rope than the string they used in candles. He passed the second floor, with the Players of Celum and some of the guests. Onto the third…
Hm. A new room was occupied. Bird peered at the new nameplate, but it was too dark since the sun had yet to rise. He walked towards the final staircase leading to his yet-unfinished tower. The early hour didn’t bother him. If he didn’t get morning birds, he’d get night birds, with their soft furry bodies and weird wings. There were always birds.
The sun was rising beyond the High Passes as Bird opened the trapdoor to his tower. Someday, there would be a much bigger tower. Taller, with a ballista and other things. For now—
Someone was in Bird’s tower. He stiffened. Was it the annoying Drake again? Who was in his tower? Bird looked up—
And there sat Badarrow. The Hobgoblin was stringing his bow, lounging in the hammock Bird had made and staring out across the lightening Floodplains. You could tell it was Badarrow.
They looked different, Numbtongue and Badarrow. One had longer features around the nose and different facial bones. One weighed more than the other, and Badarrow tended to be more Pisces-like in how he behaved. They wore their paint differently, dressed differently—only someone who didn’t know Goblins could ever mistake them.
Bird stopped. He peered at Badarrow. The Hobgoblin looked up.
“Hey.”
“Good morning. Badarrow.”
Slowly, Bird walked around the Hobgoblin. He looked around for birds, turned to peer at the Hobgoblin again. Badarrow strung his bow.
“Lots of bats. You hunting?”
“Yes? Yes.”
They’d done this before. Bird paused in stringing his bow. He looked Badarrow up and down. And up and down again. Then he reached out and poked him.
The Hob swatted away the finger. Bird hesitated, then spoke.
“You have been gone for a while, Badarrow.”
The Hob shrugged nonchalantly.
“Just for a bit. Got any good birds?”
The [Sniper] turned his head to hide the grin. He’d asked Numbtongue for the words to say that properly. Bird tilted his head back and forth, antennae waving for a while. Then he replied.
