7.57
Page 24
Back to the past. But into the future. As Erin and Olesm sat for an old game of reminiscing, two Goblins now added to the inn’s ‘no killing Goblin’ list, Ryoka Griffin jogged for the door in Invrisil.
She wasn’t going to…she just wanted to check. An anxious Vampire saw her go. And the [Princess] watched Ryoka and scowled.
 
—-
 
There was no cure in Invrisil. The Runner’s Guild was also very quiet. Almost like a wake.
When Ryoka asked, the [Receptionist] gave her a terrified look.
“No! We don’t have one! And—don’t ask!”
“Wh—”
The hairs on the back of Ryoka’s neck prickled. She turned her head. And only then did she wonder if some of the Runners loitering about were…
“Miss Ryoka Griffin.”
Someone walked out of the Guild’s back rooms. Ryoka saw an older man, with a slight limp. The Guildmaster of the Runner’s Guild emerged from his office. He looked straight at her.
“Oh. Guildmaster…”
Ryoka had forgotten his name. He was a former Courier, she knew. Like Mihaela and Tekshia come to it, the best Guildmasters were retired veterans.
“I’d advise you not to ask such questions. Not today.”
“I just—”
The Guildmaster looked at her.
“If we had a cure—we would be under siege at this moment. As it is, no [Alchemist] or [Healer] in the city will entertain the suggestion. And I have banned Runners from asking. For their safety—and that of the [Alchemists] and [Healers].”
Ryoka’s mouth closed.
“It’s that bad? I’m sorry, I was in Liscor…”
The Guildmaster just shook his head. He turned around, walked back into his office without another word. Ryoka looked around the Guild. She’d just jogged over and in. Now—
Every Runner in the Guild was staring at her like she had horns growing out of her head. They looked away at once. They were just sitting or standing, not the usual bustle of activity.
“Are they really threatening the entire Guild?”
The [Receptionist] refused to answer. And Ryoka realized—it was worse than she’d thought. She’d assumed…
“Ryoka Griffin. The Wind Runner who woke the Archmage of Izril. Good to see you’re still not giving two coppers about what other people think.”
A familiar voice and an eye-catching outfit. Ryoka turned.
“Delanay d’Artien!”
“The same. I was hoping to see you!”
The stylish City Runner smiled. He strode over and Ryoka clasped his hand.
“Thanks so much for getting me to Lady Ieka. It worked!”
“I heard. Izril heard your name. Stake me sideways, but I didn’t think you had more than a one in ten chance of pulling it off. But that’s why we run. Did you just arrive?”
Ryoka’s smile slipped. Ah, right. The Emergency Runner who only ran for adventurers or dire needs. Also—came from a vampire hunting family.
“Er—no, I was in Liscor. I know the inn with the door—say, Delanay, what’s the news about this Tyrion thing?”
The young man gave Ryoka a sharp look as he adjusted his crimson leather jacket. He jerked his head.
“With me. Good thing you weren’t here to ask that earlier, Ryoka. You missed trouble. And Persua, which I regret. I would have loved to see that.”
“Persua was here?”
Ryoka started. Delanay grimaced.
“She was. And—the Guild.”
“Of…”
“Three of their lower-ranks. Just walked in for a while, armed to the teeth. To send a message. And—keep quiet about it for a bit until we get down the street. And keep your eyes open. You’ll see what I mean.”
Delanay led Ryoka out of the Guild. This time—coming out and aware of the mood within, she felt the prickling on her back begin. Ryoka looked down the street.
Pedestrians. Just loitering. Walking about their business—although now she looked—
