7.57
Page 17
It slipped her mind and Hedault relaxed. He turned away from Erin to Ryoka.
“Ahem. Where were we? Miss Griffin, I have a few other objects you may be interested in. Such as…”
He showed Ryoka some worn boots from Merchant X’s stock. Erin started giggling.
“Boots of Speed? I don’t think you know Ryoka, Hedault.”
“I’m aware of her…predispositions. But the magical effects…”
“I like my feet. See?”
Ryoka lifted one foot and waggled her toes. Hedault gave her toes a look of pure disgust. He produced an ankle-bracelet with a similar, weaker effect instead.
“Give me a second to find Mrsha. We might downgrade her bracelet’s strength just so she doesn’t get a fat head, Hedault. Figuratively or literally. I’ll tell Joseph to come over for the anti-scrying artifact, at least. People…scry him?”
Ryoka promised as the [Enchanter] conferred with the others. She was a bit distracted.
Tyrion Veltras’ appeal still weighed on her. Fierre was similarly occupied haggling for a Golem for her work—was she actually going to buy one?—but she kept watching Ryoka.
It was stupid. It was suicide. Ryoka knew Mihaela. And yet—she couldn’t shake one thought. Even as she’d laughed at Mrsha, even as she thought about what that Golem might be able to do against a tank—lose, unless that was some strong armor—she’d been unable to shake the thought eating away at her.
Those poor kids.
“Excuse me, Miss Ryoka. I think we should have a word. You wanted to see me?”
Someone tapped her on the shoulder. Ryoka turned. She saw a woman, only a bit older than she was, with hair black and streaked with ember-orange. Ryoka stopped.
“You’re…”
“My name is Maviola El. I know who you are. And where you come from. Erin Solstice has told me about you. But I don’t believe we’ve properly met.”
Ryoka’s mouth went dry. Something about Maviola was as intense as…Xrn. Like Magnolia Reinhart in her way. She was old and the wind stirred around Ryoka.
Something a tiny bit like Teriarch? Ryoka nodded slowly.
“I think that’s right.”
 
—-
 
Fierre bought a Golem. Erin stared at it. It wasn’t the twice-as-tall-as-a-person monster made of steel. Hers was iron, just a bit taller than Joseph, compact.
“The big one wouldn’t fit in my office. This one’s still strong enough to punch someone through a wall. And look! It’s even armed!”
The Golem had a shield and hammer. It swung and blocked with a decent amount of speed. Erin saw Snapjaw watching. The Hob clearly thought she could beat it in terms of Skill—but good luck beating an Iron Golem to death.
“That’s amazing. Are you buying anything else?”
The Vampire flashed Erin a huge grin—then turned her head. She was more at home with the smile, though. She might have thought it was out of place among Humans and it was by and large—but Gnolls and Drakes had similar grins.
“Well, I’m keeping one set of armor. Two—actually. I’m going to give one set to my brother. And a weapon and some gear—the rest goes into the Golem and some work-related artifacts. I’ll just accept gold and buy it er…from the right dealers.”
Erin nodded knowingly.
“Black market stuff, huh? Sneaky. Anything good there? We’re buying a lot of artifacts.”
Lyonette had just paid Hedault a worrying amount of gold from the inn’s coffers, in fact, and Mrsha was sitting on the floorboards, arms folded. She was sulking. They’d downgraded her bracelet from the highly-expensive one Hedault had given her.
And—they’d asked Hedault to add a tracking charm. That was very cheap, but Mrsha had already tied it to Bezale’s horn without the Minotauress noticing.
“Salamani’s got a spellbook, right?”
