7.57
Page 19
She lowered her hand slowly. Maviola El was smiling in that uncertain way of someone who wasn’t sure Ryoka was entirely sane.
“I see. So—Winter Sprites, which have never been recorded as being aught but bringers of weather…are people. And one singled you out. And they look like…”
She nodded to the figurine.
“Miss Griffin. Do you…have flights of fancy? I would believe the rest, but this ritual to summon the King of the Fae? Who told you that?”
“A…Grand Magus Eldavin.”
“Whom you personally know. Well, that at least is believable. But the rest? Miss Griffin, how much have you prepared for this party?”
“Well—I had Magnolia Reinhart coming. I think. Eldavin was going to invite her.”
“And you’ve sent out invitations to how many nobles?”
“Twelve? I asked Lady Ieka for help…”
Maviola’s head rose.
“Ieka Imarris? Ah—the favor you did for her. But—I mean, Miss Griffin. I assume this [Emperor] is helping you. But have you not sent out an invitation en masse? Not reaching out personally, but a formal letter? You—do realize a noble family will not drop everything to attend a party with only a week’s notice? Let alone travel that far? Even a month would cut it close.”
Ryoka’s mouth opened and closed. Maviola’s eyes flickered.
“I see. And how many servants will attend?”
“Laken—er—the [Emperor] is taking care of…”
“Does he have accommodations for the nobility, their servants and guards? Does he have an escort? A menu of refreshments to be served? Has he gifts, decorations, entertainment for the days of festivities—since surely no [Lord] or [Lady] will travel all this way for one night. And if—if you only needed three of the Five Families, why did you not petition the House of El or any other family when you learned of this grand quest?”
Ryoka stuttered. There was no excuse. Maviola El appraised Ryoka. And her tone was the Matriarch of the House of El.
“Miss Ryoka Griffin. You may be worse than Erin Solstice at planning for the future. Erin Solstice does not like to think ahead. But she could pull a plan out of chaos in less than an hour if need be. You had weeks, over a month to prepare. And I do not believe your story.”
It was true. Ryoka felt weak at the knees.
“I was just—running. I thought if I completed enough deliveries—”
That was what she knew. That was what she did. Maviola pursed her lips.
“I’ll grant you that you woke the Archmage of Izril. But that was for Ieka. Her great-aunt matters in many ways—but even she could not move the Five Families so easily.”
Her great-aunt? Ieka’s…Ryoka couldn’t focus on that. Maviola looked at her, not unkindly.
“I am sure your friend did exist, Miss Griffin. Mostly sure. But tell me—if she is alive, just not able to see you, does it matter so much? As your Grand Mage said—wait until winter and do it properly.”
“But…”
I want to see her now. And you’ll be dead by then. Ryoka Griffin said neither of these things. She looked at Maviola El.
“I need your help, Lady El. I—I made a huge mistake. I’m not good at this. I don’t know the rules or how to put it together. Is there a chance it could work?”
“Ryoka Griffin. Why? The Drakes just attacked the Antinium. Wistram is taking what I now know to be children from another world. The Meeting of Tribes is about to begin and the King of Destruction has awoken. The Death of Magic returns on Rhir. Why do these fae matter?”
And there Ryoka had it. She clutched the frozen statue and looked at Maviola.
