7.57
Page 16
Everyone stared at Mrsha. The little Gnoll signed emphatically that she did not appreciate their unit of measurement!
“Well, why don’t we try? Let’s get her, guys!”
Rose saw an opportunity to ‘help’. Kevin chortled and the Earthers went off. Mrsha’s eyes widened and she ran as they threatened to test the enchantment’s limits. Ryoka sighed—but Hedault was producing her gear now.
“That’s physical protection. The other standard accompaniment is magical. I have standard anti-hex charms for Miss Ryoka; her gear actually encompasses most of what I would prescribe, so I have selected the best objects.”
He showed Ryoka the artifacts from the cells. She peered at them. Erin raised a hand, like the shy ignorant student in the lecture.
“Only hexes? What about fire and stuff?”
The others chuckled. Erin raised her kicking foot and Palt shuffled away. Montressa explained again.
“Magic is harder. You can either go elemental—fire, heat, electricity, acid—and normally only one of each. But then you have to worry about hexes, indirect spells like [Scrying], [Appraisal] if you don’t want to share your class…it’s impossible to do everything. Too much magical interference. You know the rule about artifacts.”
Hedault sighed.
“There are exceptions. The Heartflame Breastplate is a splendid example of how to combine all the elements. I have been studying the masterful work for Drake [Enchanters]…but creating a [Flameshield] spell of that caliber is quite beyond me. However, this is a fine all-encompassing Amulet of Resistance, Miss Griffin, if you’d prefer to wear one artifact to reduce the number of objects and magical interference. My design.”
He offered Ryoka an amulet. Not jade this time; she thought it was Truegold, which she’d seen, mixed with a strange cerulean center. Gemstone or…?
“What’s it do?”
Erin peered at the amulet as Ryoka put it on. Then she raised a hand to strike Ryoka. The City Runner fended her off as Montressa explained.
“It’s like a constant aura that messes with anything trying to interfere with your natural magical field. No hexes, scrying spells can’t latch on—standard, but pricey.”
“Like Valceif’s dream catcher charm.”
Ryoka studied the amulet. Everyone went somber for a moment there. Hedault cleared his throat.
“That—was a more advanced version. String magic and shamanic charms versus a [Mage]’s enchantments. If you wish me to, I can provide one for Miss Mrsha. However, you are rapidly exceeding your credit.”
“Does Mrsha need a super anti-magic bracelet?”
Erin conferred with Lyonette. The [Princess] made a face.
“Probably not. But the bracelet?”
“But it’s Ryoka’s…”
“Erin, so help me but I’ll hit you with your own pan. You need one too! So does Joseph, Kevin…Ryoka won’t pay for all of it. We have our own budget! Master Hedault, there’s a…very good artifact I have for anti-scrying and appraisal and so on. Or will have. Could you complement that? And Erin might need some rings. To prevent appraisal among other things.”
Hedault turned to Lyonette as Erin dithered. The Wandering Inn was about to spend for artifacts. Erin refused his suggestions, though.
“I have a cool ring Saliss gave me, see?”
She showed Hedault. The [Enchanter] inspected it.
“Anti-appraisal and scrying. Not hexes. Is…”
There was a second ring on Erin’s hand, Ryoka realized, as she felt at the amulet. Hedault was looking at it. His eyes narrowed.
Ryoka saw Erin lower her hand quickly. She covered the copper band and Hedault blinked, shook his head. Ryoka frowned. Had she known Erin had another ring…?
