7.57
Page 5
One more year. If I had one year, I could teach Olesm everything. Maybe find a solution that didn’t take me from me. I just need time. So many have managed it…
She clenched her hand—but lightly. Afraid to crush the two vials, as if she could have shattered the enchanted glass. Maviola was afraid.
So she came to the inn where her trial had begun. And found it revolving around someone other than her. Well, that was fine.
“We have so much to do! Where’s Ryoka? Fierre? Oh—Maviola! Look! We’ve got two more guests!”
“Goblins?”
The [Lady] stopped in her tracks. Of all the things—she looked at Snapjaw and Badarrow. Bright Goblins too. Close to the level of Chieftains, or a Tribe’s best warriors.
“What madness are you bringing here, Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] stopped and looked Maviola up and down. She was rushing around as her guests came downstairs.
“Maviola? You’re…”
“I’m back.”
Maviola remembered visiting the inn as younger Maviola. Erin Solstice, even the little Mrsha-child had noticed the change. Erin looked at her.
“Did Saliss’ potion wear off? Is he helping? He’s been weird the last few days. I haven’t seen him since two days ago, but…”
“It wore off. And yes—he has been helping. I feel more like myself. Do you—what’s this about?”
Maviola shuddered and reached—forgetting she no longer wore the shawl that kept her warm all the time. Sitting in a chair, giving orders…being wheeled about by Zedalien…
But she had to remember the decades since she was young. Better to be old, surely? But looking at Erin—Maviola wanted to blaze like that. To forget what a lifetime of regrets had made. She looked at the Goblins. She caught the [Innkeeper]’s sleeve.
“Their kind was what the Goblin Lord was made of, Erin.”
The young woman turned back.
“I know. Snapjaw was Reiss’ lieutenant.”
Maviola’s eyes widened.
“And you let her—”
“Do what? Live? She’s not evil, Maviola. I don’t think Reiss…they’re Goblins.”
“And they crave a King. You—”
The [Lady] cut herself off. Erin was looking at her defiantly.
“Isn’t this what you told me to do, Maviola? Take care of people? Make them better? I’m doing just that! Even if it’s just feeding Snapjaw. She ate like—more than everyone else combined.”
She pointed at the [Big Eater] who was indeed putting away hamburgers now. Imani seemed to be trying to clear Erin’s fast-food stocks out using Snapjaw as the disposal method.
“I—there is danger, Erin. But I—”
Maviola hesitated. And she felt two Maviolas trying to speak through her. One—her—wanted to tell Erin that there was a difference between Goblins and other species. Her generosity and aid was not best used impartially!
The other wanted to give Goblins a chance. Perhaps she’d been wrong? Yes! The younger her would have tried if she’d met Erin. She might be wrong about the Antinium. She had been wrong in some points about the Drakes, she realized, after meeting Olesm.
Perhaps the younger Maviola was the better. Not scarred by so many failures. And yet—Maviola El, matriarch of the House of El, raged against her younger self. She had not lived to be cast aside!
Erin looked at Maviola and saw the dilemma. She turned.
“Why don’t you talk to Snapjaw and Badarrow before you make a decision, Maviola? Come on—you look like you’re exhausted.”
“I am. A bit. I’ve…Saliss’ potion has its drawbacks.”
Erin brought Maviola over to a table. The [Innkeeper] sat Maviola down.
“I can see that. Sorry for being snappy—you look awful. Where’s Olesm? Drassi! Something hot and Imani-breakfast for Maviola!”
“At work. I came because…I apologize too.”
