7.57
Page 31
The noise from the common room intruded in the background. Few people were visiting her shop, but the door was always open. Oh no, oh—
“You’re not going to be killed, Alchemist Octavia Cotton. I was simply inspecting the premises. And your potion. Not the cure.”
The [Assassin] hopped off the counter. She hadn’t seen him appear—but Octavia wouldn’t have noticed much while working.
“I—who are you? The Guild? I didn’t—”
“Calm. Down.”
Octavia didn’t calm down, but she did stop moving as the Drake looked at her. He exhaled through the mask covering his face.
“I am one of the Guild’s agents in Invrisil. They sent me to check on you. After all—you are known for your cure for the Yellow Rivers. I would have been forced to do something if you were making the cure.”
“I’m not. I won’t—”
The Drake rolled his eyes.
“I know. I wouldn’t have revealed myself, either. Only…”
He hesitated. Octavia saw him adjust his mask.
“You won’t see me again, Miss [Alchemist]. But I joined the Guild to pay for my family. They live in Zeres. Thanks for making the mold. Please don’t make the cure. I don’t want to have to kill you.”
He vanished. Octavia didn’t see him—but neither did she see the door to her shop open and close. She inhaled—exhaled—inhaled—then went for one of the Calm Tonics that Palt had taught her how to make. Her hands trembled as she got back to work.
They were in the inn. Oh, stitch my soul. Erin—
A voice. The [Assassin] reappeared. Octavia froze, but he had some gold and silver in his claw.
“…If that potion works, can I buy it? What’s the price on…?”
 
—-
 
The [Innkeeper] frowned at her board. She had a feeling something was off.
“Aha. Six moves. Right there. I move up here and…”
Olesm groaned as she spotted a pattern in his pieces.
“Would you like to rub it in with more salt, Erin? Just peel off my scales and pour it in.”
She laughed.
“I knew something was wrong! It was my chess-sense.”
She waggled her arms. Olesm sighed. He pushed himself back and reached for a nacho—
The basket was empty. Olesm stared about and saw a white paw with the last nacho—covered in cheese—vanish under the table.
“Mrsha! You again!”
Erin laughed. Mrsha shot away, trying to chew and run. Olesm shot up.
“I need to refill my basket. One second. Get back here, you!”
He missed the little Drake and second, brown Gnoll, slowly appearing over the side of the table. They stared solemnly at Erin. Then Ekirra grabbed the dips. Visma grabbed Olesm’s plate. They ran off.
“Those sneaky kids.”
Erin chuckled to herself. Then she looked around.
“Whoa. The inn is hopping.”
It was so full! People were here to see the Players of Liscor—in fact, Pralcem was here with Andel to take notes on the play and attracting a bunch of attention for that alone. Galina was on stage, playing the heroine while a Gnoll sang to her.
Erin couldn’t hear it, though. A new addition to the inn—temporary, but Lyonette had hired Hedault to finalize it—was to divide the [Grand Theatre] into a sound room and silent area. Ward runes that Montressa had put up blocked noise from both sides of the inn.
Thus, you could have all the chatter you wanted and a solemn inn experience. A [Darkness] spell and the mood was set. And if you wanted—someone could deliver some food. Although nachos had been instantly banned due to the crunch.
That was just one thing in the inn. So many people! Erin frowned. Lots of people. She had a strange feeling in the back of her head, though. As if…
Before she could trace it, someone stopped in front of her table. Erin blinked upwards at a familiar face.
