7.57
Page 40
“No! And I’m not in the mood for this, Drake.”
“There’s always time for fun, Maviola. Besides—is Erin here? I just wanted a word. Then I’m off.”
To where? To dance on the gates again? Maviola made a noise of disgust. She saw Liska yawning and the glowing yellow stone for Pallass.
No one had told the Gnoll not to check Pallass, although Erin’s aura kept almost everyone out. So Saliss bounded into the inn. Liska was just reaching for the stone to change the door when it opened.
“Where is he? I’ll murder him! I’ll—”
Someone else blew past Liska. Maviola blinked.
Here came trouble. Here came drama. Saliss was making a beeline for Erin, who was lecturing everyone about chess patterns. He’d nearly reached her when the second person from Pallass came through.
He was not on Erin’s good-list. But such was the level and fury of this individual that he’d breached her aura.
Xif the [Alchemist] charged after Saliss. A white-faced Octavia, sitting and waiting for Erin, saw the [Alchemist] holding something in his furry paw.
He might be an older Gnoll—from Pallass. But some things about [Alchemists] held true. The Gnoll had a club. When [Alchemists] got mad, they sorted it out.
“Saliss, you lizard! You wretch! You stole my work!”
“Xif! I thought you couldn’t go through!”
Saliss whirled. People in the inn turned to stare. A naked Drake and an old Gnoll with a club was eye-catching. Xif swung at Saliss with wild abandon!
“You can’t do this!”
“Hold on, Xif. I think we’re under the wrong impression here. Just give me five minutes and I’ll—”
Saliss backed up, dodging Xif easily. The Gnoll was howling, panting. He’d chased Saliss across the city.
“What’s going on? Hey! You’re not supposed to be in here!”
Erin shot to her feet. Marshal Altestiel rose. He held up a hand and his followers held themselves back.
“It was my work! You can’t just claim credit! I’d already made it! You—you—”
“Someone stop him! Before Saliss hurts him!”
Ishkr, Menolit, and Wilovan all grabbed Xif. They gently pulled the older [Alchemist] back. Saliss was grinning at Xif’s clear fury.
“What’s this about, Saliss?”
“Oh—just making a stopover. Look, Erin—shut up, Xif!”
“No! It’s not fair!”
The [Alchemist] struggled weakly. Erin turned to Xif.
“What’s the problem?”
“Oteslia! The [Strategists] of the Titan! They have that sick Selphid!”
Everyone blinked. That was old news! But it was still something they’d all seen. Erin blinked.
“Yeah…so?”
“They needed a cure for blowfish poison! And I made it! They sent to Pallass for the best and Saliss refused, so I’ve been supplying them with the antitoxin agent for the last weeks! But then Saliss came by—”
“Xif. Xif, let’s just shut up and—”
The Named Adventurer tried, but Xif was too angry. He bellowed the rest.
“He walked into the Merchant’s Guild yesterday and said he was making the blowfish antidote! Bought up all the ingredients on the pretext—he’s not making the antitoxin! It’s my work! He’s just lying to make himself look good!”
“I never said you weren’t—”
“Hah! You’ve been pretending to! Why are you buying mithril dust if it’s not to make an antidote of some kind? Everyone’s saying Saliss is helping the Selphid in Oteslia. You—you—”
Xif’s mouth stopped running as his exhaustion caught up with him. Also, his mind. The inn…developed a silence.
Not everywhere. Some people were muttering, shaking their heads, taking bets on whether Xif clocked Saliss. But it was people in the know who looked up.
“Mithril dust.”
Octavia breathed. Saliss was grinning widely, and murderously at Xif. The Gnoll [Alchemist]’s jaw worked.
“You’d only need…”
