7.57
Page 28
And Delanay was only the first guest of note.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn was on the radar. How did Selys know about radars?
She knew the future. Radars. You needed radars. Also, skyscrapers. You could build high. Airplanes—airplanes were the future.
The Drake felt like she had pierced the veil. There was another world! Sometimes she had to stop and just remind herself this was reality.
“And now everyone sees how popular this inn is.”
The Drake was craning her neck to look around. She thought it was great, for Erin. More money! Erin had been so nervous to buy basic charms. But she needed a lot more enchantments.
Heck, Selys had realized how much money she needed. She had more money as an [Heiress] than she could ever imagine. And she needed more.
Golems were expensive. Selys had talked to the [Artifact Merchant] and she was in the market for some. She was in the market for…the Drake’s buildings in Liscor were already pulling rent money, but that was long-term income. She was in the process of hiring one of the Humans to manage all the apartments for her.
What she really wanted was to hear from the Horns. They were enroute to the village Pisces thought matched the description of her Skill. But there was so much more to do. The bike shop, for one thing—that was going to be big. And Selys was a co-owner!
She would have dearly loved to talk more with Hedault and Pelt. But Selys had let them get back to work. Kevin now—she could bother Kevin. The Drake looked around. She saw a rush of staff moving about. Ishkr, Drassi, since she was still not allowed to work in Pallass—
Her [Reporter] friend was arguing with a Human man, actually. Selys blinked. A new guest from Invrisil?
“Look here, Miss. I’m a Gold-rank Adventurer. Todi. Todi’s Elites? I’d like to talk with this [Innkeeper]!”
“Erin’s busy. I’ve never heard of your team, sir. Look—we get Gold-ranks all the time in here. That’s not exactly special.”
“It’s—it’s not?”
The man, Todi, stared. He looked so crestfallen Drassi patted him on the shoulder.
“If you want to talk to Erin about this business opportunity—I can ask her. But I think she’s er, busy. Like I said.”
Playing chess. The man deflated.
“Well…okay. I’ll just…”
He sat back down. It looked like he’d fought tooth-and-nail to get into the busy inn. There was a queue outside and the bouncer was letting through only the best of guests. Selys eyed the man. He had his head in his hands.
“Damn, damn. I should’ve—how was I supposed to know those Horns were…?”
He was muttering to himself. Selys’ head swung around. She stopped walking towards Kevin and approached.
“Hello. Excuse me, did I hear you mentioning the…Horns of Hammerad?”
Todi looked up. The swarthy Gold-rank Captain blinked at the Drake.
“Er. Yes. Yes, I did. Are you the [Innkeeper]? Erin Solstice? My name is Todi. Captain Todi of Todi’s Elites. I wanted to ask if there was anything—”
“Oh, no. I’m not Erin. I’m Selys. Sorry.”
Todi deflated back into his seat.
“Damn. Sorry, Miss. Sit if you want. Do you think there’s any chance I could talk to the [Innkeeper]?”
“And ask what?”
Selys sat. Todi shrugged, with little hope.
“About…deals? Do her a few favors? Be—someone like the Horns, Griffon Hunt, the Halfseekers—everyone’s talking about how each one came here and made their fortunes. Lost some good people—but made it because of this inn. My team’s had a bad run. We had to abort the Wyvern hunt in the High Passes twice—got kicked around by some damn [Witch]—I was hoping we could get whatever it is that’s here.”
