7.57
Page 35
They’d been talking chess and actual battlefield strategy. Olesm was a teacher in one regard, if a humble one, the Earl an unquestionable leader in the other. Altestiel chuckled.
“But chess is such a wonderful game in peace. Do you think there’s any chance our games could make it into the magazine? I would be delighted to perform one of the analyses of the games.”
“I—I would be so honored. Of course, Earl!”
The [Strategist] was star struck. And the Earl was vastly engaged—but then he looked towards Erin.
She was replaying Kiish. The [Knight Marshal]’s eyes sharpened.
“I wonder, though. That young woman—Innkeeper Solstice seems quite good at the game. Do you think I might trouble her for a game?”
“Erin? She’s…quite good. Better than me.”
Olesm chose his words carefully. And the Earl—nodded. He walked over and Kiish looked up.
“Knight Marshal—excuse me, Miss Solstice. I believe the Earl would like to play you—”
Olesm’s head turned. So did Palt’s. Aha. But Erin just looked up at Altestiel and shook her head. She beckoned to Kiish.
“Don’t be silly! We’re playing. No one interrupts a chess game, no matter how much a big shot they are.”
“Very true. Strategist, Kiish, do your best. Miss Solstice, are you an expert in these speed-games?”
“I like them now and then. Kiish is really good. I might lose this one.”
“She is using all her Skills and you are not.”
The earl observed quietly. Erin laughed.
“That’s what makes it fun! She’s just playing at her best! It’s not cheating. Chaldion’s as close as it comes to cheating.”
The group fell silent for a moment. Someone spoke.
“You’ve played Grand Strategist Chaldion?”
“He comes in here now and then. Not this week, probably, but you might be able to play him?”
“…I should surely wish to. If that could be arranged. But I think you may be a rather fitting opponent, Miss Solstice. Not that I could beat Strategist Olesm.”
“Well—you weren’t using your Skills.”
The [Innkeeper] gave Altestiel a sly look. He blinked. Olesm started. And then Altestiel smiled wider.
Kiish lost. She had a chance, as Erin pointed out, but her nerves got the better of her. And then the [Knight Marshal of Rains] sat down.
“A Skill-less game?”
“Unrestricted. I want to play your best. What about a speed-game to feel the waters? Then we can try a regular one.”
“That sounds quite delightful. I accept with gratitude.”
Erin was smiling wider than ever. Palt sighed. He could stop her. But—why? Just look at her.
She knew who he was. But knowing how good Altestiel was just made Erin happier. She sat there, arranging her chess pieces with long experience. And when she looked up—
The pressure was on him. Perhaps it was like experience. Or an aura—just not one Palt was familiar with.
Look at this expert. Erin Solstice, the monster of chess. And the Earl, unlike his subordinates, did not take her lightly. He never had, Palt realized. He began activating his Skills.
Erin began playing her best.
 
—-
 
The first game of chess was fast. The two agreed to the lowest timer possible. You’d call this a Bullet Chess game—if you were from Earth. One minute per player, max.
That was the fastest kind of move since neither player could slow down. Without Skills you were in trouble. And Kiish had pulled Erin to the brink at that speed; even an expert from Earth would have trouble at top speed where you could make mistakes.
But there was one thing that even Altestiel hadn’t predicted.
Erin had one Skill she could use.
“Oh. Oooh. Ooooh.”
