7.57
Page 27
Erin looked around the inn, watching as Ishkr reassured the guests, and Silveran put away his blades to mop up the mess. It was indeed obvious at a glance who was new and who was not.
The regulars didn’t bat an eyelid at the sniveling Hobgoblin blowing her nose as Badarrow and Numbtongue shared a drink in a corner. Or Silveran with the mop. They’d been ready for a fight, like Menolit, who’d overturned his table to use as cover for the Creler-fight. The veteran was shamefaced, but he wouldn’t be charged; that was coming out of a certain little Gnoll’s allowance.
The new guests—mostly Human from Invrisil—were giving the Goblins and the Antinium a side-eye. But Ishkr’s sister, Liska, still without a permanent job, had a new task as she welcomed people into the inn.
“Hello. Welcome to The Wandering Inn. Please read this sign. Also, be aware we are at maximum capacity. If you would like to watch the Players of Liscor, they are currently performing Phantom of the Opera and will be continuing the performance all day…”
In a monotone voice, Liska pointed to a pair of signs as a bemused group of guests entered the inn. They read the signs, hung overhead and along the hallway just in case they missed the first one.
 
No killing Goblins.
Also, no killing Antinium.
 
“What an inn. Is that the [Innkeeper]?”
Delanay shook his head as he read the signs. Ryoka heard complaints from behind her. Some rather rich-looking people were arguing with Redit. He’d let them through since he recognized Ryoka.
“It’s an entire thing here. Don’t pick a fight, please, Delanay.”
And please don’t let Fierre come over to find me. Ryoka’s head was on a swivel as she entered the busy inn. She saw someone standing over a broken table.
“[Partial Reconstruction]! Don’t worry about the food, Menolit. Food’s cheap. Okay, where were we, Olesm?”
Erin wandered back to the game as the table righted itself and the broken dishes floated back into place. Ryoka wondered what had caused that.
“Damn kids. Don’t they know about the tale of the Gnoll who called Creler?”
Menolit grumbled as he sat down. Apology drinks and a replacement meal came to his table and he brightened up. His Gnoll companion raised his brows.
“He got eaten?”
“Right. If you’re going to scream about them…”
“Erin! Erin! I have someone to introduce to you! Meet Delanay d’Artien! A great Runner—who helped me meet Lady Ieka.”
Ryoka raised her voice as she dragged the Emergency Runner over. Delanay saw Erin turn and she smiled.
“Another friend?”
The Wind Runner nodded desperately. She raised her voice.
“His family’s noble. They come from Noelictus. Hunter’s Guild, right Delanay? Used to hunt all kinds of evil stuff. Like House Byres! You know, like Ylawes and Yvlon?”
“Oh come on, Ryoka. I don’t stand on formality—Miss Solstice? Delanay d’Artien, at your service. Delighted to be here—are those the Players of Celum?”
The young man was flustered. Erin laughed as she grabbed his gloved hand. If Ryoka was acting off—well, she’d seen a familiar pale face coming her way.
Fierre turned even whiter as she heard Ryoka. She stared at her friend and almost ran upstairs.
“You know Yvlon and Ylawes? Small world! They’re friends. So that means you are too! Nice coat! You’re cool with Goblins, right?”
“If they’re not trying to kill me? May I ask about…”
Delanay was meeting Erin for the first time. That usually threw people for a loop. Ryoka jogged after Fierre after muttering a quick apology. She found the Vampire hiding in her rooms, after slipping past Lyonette, who was still lecturing the three children.
