7.57
Page 21
…But it was Ryoka. And Erin knew her friend.
“There’s no cure though, right?”
“Someone found out the recipe. Word is it was the Unseen Emperor of Riverfarm. Somehow. But no one—not even his people—is manufacturing the cure. People have tried, but—”
Fierre drew a line across her throat. Erin breathed.
“Okay. Then…there’s nothing to deliver. That’s…”
Good? She looked back at Lord Tyrion. Then his two sons died. Erin refused to say that. But if there was nothing to deliver—
“It’d be certain death, wouldn’t it, Fierre? You know the odds. How much worse is this than the isle?”
The Vampire girl bit her lip.
“Honestly, Erin—I’m almost certain every Courier has a target on their back. In theory—and this is me talking objectively—a City Runner who’s really fast has a shot if they didn’t scream they were taking the cure. Get in range of House Veltras’ standing forces and you could deliver the cure if you didn’t mind the repercussions. But—the instant the Guild knows, and they’re watching for that cure—you die. Their [Assassins] aren’t playing games any longer. They’ve killed Couriers. Archmage Valeterisa’s mansion is meant to keep people out. This is far more dangerous.”
“I see. Got it. Thanks. So—”
Erin looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] was calming down. No cure. So…
“Octavia.”
They both had the same thought at the same time. Erin turned and ran. Lyonette was hot on her heels.
“Octavia! Don’t do anything! Octavia—”
The [Alchemist] jumped as she looked up from her counter. She listened to Erin’s garbled explanation and Lyonette raised her sword threateningly. Octavia protectively covered the mix she was working on.
“That’s a Potion of Invisibility! Don’t you dare! Make a cure? I wouldn’t know where to start! I’m not an antidote-mixer! What, do you think I’m mad? I don’t want to be cremated in my shop!”
“Oh.”
Erin relaxed. Lyonette wiped a bead of sweat away.
“Good. Just—don’t. Erin, do you think Ryoka might…?”
“Probably not, if there’s no cure.”
Which was a good thing? Again, Erin had to stop and look at herself. She just didn’t—she knew Ryoka. And she knew what Ryoka’s big quest entailed. But this seemed…
Erin returned to the common room proper. There, she found Ryoka Griffin and Maviola El, along with the others. Badarrow looked up and walked behind Erin. He hid behind her—while pretending not to hide.
“Badarrow?”
Erin saw Snapjaw advancing. She had…one of Bird’s feathers. And she was trying to tickle Badarrow. The [Sniper] snapped something at her, but Snapjaw was relentless.
The [Innkeeper] giggled. Stoic Badarrow, like this? She looked at Snapjaw. And then at Numbtongue.
“Erin. Showed them the garden. I want to show them hill. Now?”
The [Innkeeper] saw the [Bard] smiling. But then he pointed towards the open doorway. And Erin saw Badarrow and Snapjaw look up.
Reiss’ statue. Headscratcher, Shorthilt’s…they were there. And the Garden had told them the truth. Rabbiteater and Badarrow had never had statues there. Erin took a breath as her chest constricted.
“If—of course, Numbtongue. Do you want…?”
“We go. You come in a bit?”
The Goblins looked at each other. Snapjaw’s eyes moved uncertainly to Erin. The [Innkeeper] nodded.
“Go. I’ll come after.”
Numbtongue nodded gratefully. Badarrow looked at his brother, not fully comprehending. Then at Erin. Numbtongue beckoned them into the [Garden of Sanctuary].
“Oh. The statues.”
Fierre finally caught on. She had seen nothing and no one personally on that hill. Erin nodded slowly. And it occurred to her—she wondered—
