7.57
Page 32
“Excuse me, Miss. Would that happen to be Strategist Olesm Swifttail of Liscor you were just playing? Author of the magazine, ‘Chess Weekly?’”
That was what he’d called it? Erin blinked up at the man in expensive clothing. No—armor made of cloth? She recognized him. But from where?
“Um. Er. Yes, that was him.”
“I knew it.”
The man snapped his fingers with a smile. He looked fancy. And Erin remembered where she’d seen him.
“The restaurant! You were the guys who didn’t get your reservation!”
The man did a double-take.
“I don’t believe we’ve met, Miss. You’re Strategist Olesm’s opponent, yes? Would you mind allowing me the next game once you’ve finished your match?”
“Oh—sure! Of course! Are you a reader of Olesm’s magazine? I’m Erin, nice to meet—”
“What rudeness! Marshal, allow us to introduce you!”
Someone blocked Erin’s handshake. A man in armor thrust himself between Erin and the other man. Erin peered at a bristling mustache. Then the same group as last night blocked Erin.
The man in the back sighed. He was purple-and-silver haired. Not the white of age—although he did look to be in his forties—but some genetic hair color. It was striking. He wore the shaped cloth armor, and he stood very tall. Erin saw a hawkish nose, piercing yellow eyes—
He looked like Yvlon or Ylawes, a bit. The product of what Lyonette had told Erin were unique Skills. Certainly—the man oozed his own aura.
Erin could…sense it. Thanks to Maviola’s training, she could tell more than just if someone was strong. This man had his aura—tightly contained—as did two of the armored people with him. [Knights]? His aura though, felt like…droplets.
Water.
“Is something wrong?”
The [Knight] in front of Erin glared.
“Miss, do not casually address the Earl of Desonis! You are speaking to the Marshal Altestiel of Desonis, and as such, his proper title—”
“[Knight]. Enough. We are in this young woman’s inn. And this—is Erin Solstice.”
The Earl interrupted the [Knight]. And his entourage started. They blinked at Erin.
“This is the owner of the Solstice booth? The one who cancelled—”
A loud whisper from the back. Erin saw a woman in spectacles peering at her. The [Knights] blinked. But the Earl—Altestiel—was watching Erin with keen eyes.
“Of course she is. And that was Strategist Olesm of Liscor. Miss Solstice, my apologies.”
“No problem…your Earlship?”
Erin gave it a shot. She saw one of the [Knights] actually rub at an ear and stare at her. Someone snorted.
Altestiel smiled.
“Let us not stand on ceremony. Altestiel will do if I may address you as ‘Erin?’ Did I see you playing chess against Strategist Olesm?”
“Wh—oh, yeah. Just a few games.”
“Fascinating.”
“Are you…you’re an Earl from Desonis. And that’s…a kingdom in Terandria?”
Erin was very taken aback. What was one of them doing here? That outranked a [Lord], right? One of the [Knights] opened his mouth furiously and the Earl made a sound. It was close to a whistle, but muted. Instantly, the [Knight] straightened.
“I would hate to get in your way, Miss Solstice. And I do apologize for my subordinate’s rudeness.”
“Not at all. Um…”
“Erin! You have to get Mrsha to stop stealing my food! It’s not funny! Argh! Where’s my condiments?”
Olesm came back with a full basket of nachos and had a fit when he saw the theft. Erin looked at him blankly.
“Olesm. You’ve got guests. This is the—”
She looked around. The Drake turned, but the Earl and his group were gone. They were sitting back down. The man inclined his head and raised a finger to his lips.
“Who?”
“…Someone wanted to see you. A fan, I think.”
“Oh. Well—are they here?”
