7.57
Page 25
Some people were hurrying past the Guild. Invrisil’s citizenry. Those who knew about Tyrion Veltras and the standoff. Or just who caught the mood in the air. But some people were strolling. Or talking—casually eying Ryoka and Delanay up and down.
They looked completely normal. A [Baker] dressed for work, talking with a pair of [Laborers]. A young woman reading one of the newspapers at an outdoor café…
But they were far too relaxed. Ryoka gulped.
“Walk on. They know we have nothing. And eyes left.”
Ryoka glanced left—just in time to see a group of people squatting in an alleyway. Delanay glanced at the gang of sixteen or so casually loitering toughs. They waved at him. He snorted and his hand stole to the crossbow and sword at his side.
“The gangs?”
“The Guild’s got both. Show of force around the Runner’s Guild. They’re not stopping any deliveries—but no one’s in the mood to deliver. You really didn’t notice?”
Ryoka bit her lip. She had not.
“I was just checking—”
“If you went to any of the [Alchemists] or [Healers] to ask you’d have a knife in your back before you finished knocking. Do you know Master Albre?”
“No. Is he…?”
“He was an [Alchemist]. He’s dead. So are four City Runners. They all went to ask; planning a joint run, I think, or just curious. That was this morning.”
The city of Invrisil was quiet as the two City Runners walked away. Ryoka looked around.
“This is insane. It’s like they have the entire city hostage.”
“The Watch isn’t doing anything. And that’s true enough. If Magnolia Reinhart were here, it would be a battle. She wouldn’t stand for it. But without her? No one’s stirring anything. I hear the smaller cities aren’t like this. It’s only…First Landing, Invrisil, the bigger ones. And you. If there was a you-know-what, would you actually have taken it then and there?”
“No!”
Delanay grinned at her, tipping up his hat. Ryoka protested.
“I’m not that stupid. I just wanted to know. I didn’t think asking would—what about you?”
The Emergency Runner grimaced.
“Was I thinking about it? For a few hours. But I’m not that fast. And frankly—my gear is meant to fight monsters. It’s not proof against enchanted arrows. I just wanted to tip you off. Where are you staying again? That magic inn? I’ve been meaning to visit it.”
“Oh. Er. The Wandering Inn? Yes…”
Why don’t you not? Fierre was there. But Delanay was nodding.
“Let’s go there and talk. Four hundred miles between me and Invrisil will loosen my tongue. And a drink. Dead gods, I’ve been cooped up with what I want to—later. I want to visit, anyways.”
“You do? You don’t have any emergency runs to do?”
Delanay laughed.
“Even adventurers want to see how this plays out. And I bet you’ll have half of the Adventurer’s Guild in Liscor. Is it really only six silver to enter? Because I’ll pay that gladly.”
“Yes…what do you mean about the Guild?”
Delanay gave Ryoka another quick look, as if to see if she was joking. When he saw she wasn’t, he grinned.
“Everyone’s going to visit. Did you not hear about the Players of Celum filling the Solstice booth yesterday?”
I was there. Ryoka felt a tingle on her spine. She walked back towards the inn. And she saw—with the sun nearly midway overhead—
“Is that a line?”
The Player’s Retreat had a line of people trying to enter it. Redit the Bouncer was admitting them one at a time. Ryoka stared. That hadn’t been there half an hour ago! Delanay grinned.
“Why are you so surprised? Everyone wants to see what this inn is about. The smart ones, at any rate. Erin Solstice? Solstice booth? I hear that’s the [Innkeeper]’s name. You know her?”
“She’s a friend.”
