7.57
Page 8
Lord Tyrion Veltras, the famously inflexible leader of the north—practically begging for aid? She saw House Veltras’ reputation crumbling. And more—
“None of the Five Families can help? They have damned armies.”
“They’re afraid. Also—if they move, they become targets. They poisoned Tyrion’s sons. What will they do? Tyrion Veltras could probably ride to First Landing himself and grab the cure, but his sons might be dead by the time they return. He could surround his manor. The Guild would just cover it in a poison cloud or something.”
Fierre bit at her fingernails. Her stomach growled and she’d just eaten. Insane. But—but—
She looked at Ryoka. Salamani, who had not known Ryoka long, glanced at the City Runner. The Courier, after a moment, shook his head.
“He sent that right after Mihaela fell. But I don’t think many Couriers would risk it. And the [Alchemists] and [Healers]? They have to be terrified for their lives. The Guild is bigger than I thought. It’d be suicide to run that delivery, right?”
“Yeah.”
Ryoka Griffin sat there. Salamani looked at her. She didn’t meet his eyes. She was clasping and unclasping her hands. Fierre looked at the stumps where two of Ryoka’s fingers were. She had gotten that trying to outrun the Goblin Lord.
She had not known Ryoka from the beginning. But she knew her friend. And—Ryoka Griffin was locked onto the place where Tyrion’s face had been. The Lord of House Veltras.
And—
“How old are his sons?”
“Ryoka…you’d never make it ten miles. It’s too far. The Guild isn’t playing games.”
Salamani opened his mouth. He was catching on. Fierre saw Ryoka look up.
“I’m not stupid, Fierre. I know…”
Some things were terribly inevitable. But this time—the Vampire girl began to speak. Trying to tell Ryoka. This time? Not this time. It wasn’t about being crazy. Every blade in Izril was waiting. And luck? Your luck would run out. Even if it didn’t, could it turn aside the hundredth arrow?
But Ryoka—was Ryoka Griffin.
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion Veltras sat there, for a while. The appeal was on repeat. Had been, since yesterday. He’d checked to make sure.
No one was coming. Two people had tried. One, a Courier, another a [Captain] from a Terandrian port. Neither had announced it.
The Courier had found the [Healer] lying dead in her burning shop. The [Captain] had been murdered in the cabin in his boat.
His appeal. Tyrion watched himself. He looked odd. The man did not make a habit of staring himself in the mirror. So stiff. So…
He’d offered all the gold he could think of. Artifacts? He’d give them away to whomever made the run. Could he have offered a land reward? A title from his estates? Tyrion tried to think of any incentives he might have made. Certainly—Couriers from other continents might have dared it. Seve-Alrelious had offered—but he would take too long against the typhoon. By sea would take too long.
His sons had days left at most. Tyrion was searching for any alternative. They were dying and he was looking for a way out. Playing games with their lives.
Could he have offered anything else? But what struck Tyrion now—was how he looked.
So still. So impartial, appealing for his son’s lives. The man stared at himself. And he wondered why Tyrion Veltras wasn’t weeping. Other men had broken down on campaign to hear their mothers had died, to lose a friend in battle, a horse.
Not a single tear from this stranger. And now—Tyrion wondered about something else.
