7.57
Page 3
“So—is it within four hundred miles of the inn? That’s all I’m asking.”
“Maybe?”
Snapjaw and Badarrow replied after a long pause. They had not given details. Erin took a deep breath.
“I could give you a magic stone. If you thought it was okay—”
Badarrow nodded instantly. Snapjaw was more coy.
“Maybe you give us the stone, sure. Or we ask Chieftain if she wants the stone. Chieftain likes Human. But Goblinhome is secret.”
“I get that. I do. And I completely agree. Just—stay for a while, please? And when you go, take all the food you want! Promise?”
Snapjaw nodded and smiled.
“Promise.”
It was hard to hate someone who indulged her love of food like Erin. Still—she remembered. This was one of Reiss’ deaths. And Numbtongue—was eying her. She wondered if they’d have to have a fight to the death. Probably not—but a few such duels had occurred between the Goblin Lord’s forces and Redfangs or other Goblins who couldn’t accept it.
“Let’s go back to Rabbiteater. Where is he?”
“North. Lost track of him. With shiny [Knights].”
Numbtongue stirred. Yes, they’d gotten to this too. Badarrow grimaced and Snapjaw looked down.
“Bad spirits, Rabbiteater. Should have come here but too sad, thinking Numbtongue dead.”
“How far? We should find him.”
The [Sniper]’s ears twitched. We. He looked at Numbtongue.
“Far. Very far, very fast. On horses. But—magic door?”
He glanced at Erin. Numbtongue nodded.
“We’ll bring him back. Promise.”
Erin nodded slowly. Definitely. Rabbiteater and Badarrow had lived. She felt—
She felt so much that she was going to start crying. Again. And she hadn’t stopped for two hours last night. To stave that off, because she didn’t want to distress anyone, Erin looked at Snapjaw. She’d happy-cry later. Or sad-cry, as the case might be.
“So you’re an…[Eater]?”
Snapjaw had, with a bit of help from Bird and the Hobs, eaten almost all of the salt-baked goose. Bird was gnawing on bones—she paused in chewing hers to pieces with ease.
“Yes. I was a [Biter]. Now, [Eater]. I eat, I get strong.”
“What, that’s it?”
The female Goblin grinned at Erin.
“Best class. You have more food? Badarrow say—says, all the time—The Wandering Inn has pizzas, more food than anyone can eat. Kindest Human, too. I laugh and laugh.”
She peered at Erin innocently. The [Innkeeper] laughed and Badarrow blushed. Erin got up.
“I have tons of food. More than—well, you can certainly have a pizza! Hold on!”
She brought out one in five minutes, after heating it up. Snapjaw took a bite, a small one, chewed, and smiled. Then she began eating.
Not fast. She didn’t eat fast, Erin noticed, unless she had to or it was something like the salt. But she never stopped. Nor did her stomach seem to be the limiting factor of her intake.
She ate, she grew stronger. And she loved to eat. She broke off from the pizza to look at Erin solemnly and tell her that she had excellent food. Erin was delighted! She only hoped that Mrsha didn’t decide to copy Snapjaw’s class.
The five were talking as the sun rose. Snapjaw revealed one of her Skills—[Body: Restore Stamina], as well as a Skill close to Hawk’s [Physical Overdrive]. However, both relied on her stores of energy from food.
Erin decided Snapjaw should have some of the lovely roasted corn Imani had made—Ryoka had provided some amazing corn she’d gotten from a farm up north—a lasagna, and some ice cream. Everyone else was already full.
