7.57
Page 34
Erin brightened up. She pointed and the two sat at a table. Palt peered at Kiish. And he saw something.
The [Strategist] sat down, and adjusted her spectacles.
“Miss Solstice, would you care to play an Unrestricted game, or a Skill-less game? Magic-less?”
“Huh?”
Erin was blank. Kiish hesitated.
“…Are you aware of the game types of chess? We can play without using Skills. Or artifacts or other magical aids.”
She gave Erin a long look, as if this was common knowledge. Erin hesitated.
“I don’t have any of that stuff. I mean, sure. Let’s play Unrestricted!”
“That would be me using my Skills, Miss Solstice.”
“I know. That sounds like fun! Do you have some?”
The [Strategist] turned and gave some of her companions a long look. She smiled slightly.
“As you wish…”
Palt smirked a bit. Skills and magic only worked so well against Erin. Most Skills were probably predictive or which allowed chess players to analyze the board fast, especially if playing speed-chess. But it didn’t make up for Erin’s expertise in the game.
Still—he watched as Erin moved forwards a chess piece. Palt’s eyes flickered. Because he had noticed something.
Earl Altestiel was playing a close game with Olesm. But Kiish had chosen a table after some deliberation behind Olesm. And every now and then—the [Knight Marshal]’s eyes would flick up.
He was watching Erin play. And he did not have long to wait.
“Checkmate!”
Strategist Kiish stared at her board, in a state of shock. She had played Erin in a speed-chess game, using her Skills. It was, as everyone in her group knew, her absolute specialty since her Skills allowed her to make rapid decisions despite the tight timer.
“I…how did you…?”
It was something of a stupid question because she had seen Erin patently outplaying her. But the [Strategist] couldn’t handle it. Erin wiped at her brow. Nothing like a good game of speed-chess to get the blood pumping!
“Please—play me again. I’d like to—”
“Kiish. My turn. If you would accept my challenge, Miss Solstice?”
One of the two [Knights] sat down. Erin blinked. Then she smiled.
“Well, of course! Unrestricted? What about a normal game? Timer of two minutes? I wish I had a proper counter…”
“I can fulfill that role, Miss.”
One of the underlings spoke up. Erin blinked. They took this game seriously! Which she approved of! She played, oblivious.
Skill levels. Palt was no great chess-player. But he could tell that the group from Desonis were good. Really good.
Which meant Erin was crushing them like flies on the wall. Because they were probably better than Olesm had been before Erin had met him, especially with Skills.
But they didn’t have Earth’s chess strategy and lessons backing them up. Nor were they even half as experienced as Erin—even if they’d played day in and day out since the game of chess had been invented.
The skepticism and amusement the Desonis group had brought to the table turned into concentration. And then—grudging respect. And then awe.
Olesm and the [Knight Marshal] played three games. Olesm took two, and stood up, trembling, to shake the Earl’s hand.
“You are a magnificent player, Strategist Olesm. I am considered the best player in my kingdom by far—and I’ve challenged all of Terandria’s finest players to the south. I daresay you might give the Lord of the Dance a strong challenge.”
The Earl was admiring. Olesm was beaming.
“Thank you, Earl Altestiel! But you’re so well-read. And your strategy—”
