7.57
Page 2
Not a Redfang. Nor, Erin thought, on the side of the Goblins who’d come with her. She would have remembered, and the way Snapjaw spoke?
The Goblin Lord. She looked at Badarrow, uncertainly. He shook his head.
“Goblin Lord dead. Garen dead. Snapjaw—”
He shrugged as if to say ‘it’s how it is’. Neither forgiveness nor condemnation. Too many Goblins had died. Erin nodded.
“Well, Snapjaw. I…hope you know you’re welcome. You and Badarrow. Anything you want, tell me! Just be careful with the others—it’s safe here, usually.”
“I know. I read sign.”
The [Big Eater] pointed. Erin beamed.
“You can read? And…here, Bird, don’t do that.”
The Antinium was angling his head, trying to bite off a huge piece of the goose. Erin went for her knife and Snapjaw and Badarrow produced theirs at once. Snapjaw eyed Erin’s kitchen knife.
“Nice blade.”
“Thank you! Here—have a piece of goose, and for you, Badarrow…let’s eat. Quietly—everyone’s asleep.”
Snapjaw chewed her bite slowly, rather than gulping it down like Erin had assumed. She smiled hugely though.
“Very tasty!”
“I know, right? Badarrow, help yourself. It’s so good to…”
Erin trailed off. She pinched herself surreptitiously. But after the sharp pain, he was still there. And Rags was alive. And Rabbiteater…
Crunch, crunch. Erin turned and saw Snapjaw eating a pile of salt off her plate. Erin opened her mouth. Snapjaw shoveled what might have been a fatal dose of salt into her mouth, and crunched happily. There was not enough saliva in the world for that bite, but she licked her lips and went for a second.
The new things and old things. Erin turned to Badarrow. She looked at Snapjaw, whom he was regarding so fondly.
“Oh! No way!”
For once, Erin got it without having to be told. Badarrow looked away shyly. But Erin was beaming.
 
—-
 
People who weren’t beaming: Numbtongue, when he first awoke. When he thought it had all been a dream and he was lying on the battlefield, dreaming a happy dream before the stranger with no eyes found him and told him to live. Of course, then he beamed as he ran downstairs.
“And where is it? In the High Passes? Is it safe?”
“Safer than anywhere else. Lots of dangerous things. Just not Humans. Adventurers. Chieftain is smart. Has many traps. Big rocks fall trap crushed thing that looks like Goblins. Very bad-bad. Got away.”
Snapjaw’s voice floated up to Numbtongue as he stared at the quartet. He relaxed. Badarrow turned and beamed. Erin looked up too. She had not their night vision, but she knew.
“Numbtongue! Come down! Did we wake you? Sorry!”
He was about to say they hadn’t. Numbtongue hurried downstairs, staring at Snapjaw, who eyed him with half-wariness, Badarrow, whom Numbtongue had too much to say to—
He sat next to Erin. They were brothers, Badarrow and he. But something had changed. Not their affection for each other. Just—something. But both wanted to talk, so much.
Yet—the second person who wasn’t smiling? Numbtongue looked past Snapjaw and saw the ghostly figure, real and unreal.
Reiss. The Goblin Lord sat there, looking at Snapjaw’s back. Numbtongue shifted. He had not said to Badarrow half the things he had done or seen. And this? The Goblin Lord broke away from looking at Snapjaw and he said the same thing as yesterday.
“Don’t tell her that I am here. Please.”
She was smiling and grinning and chewing on salt. Reiss looked at her with sorrow and shame and regret. Numbtongue’s smile slipped for just a moment.
Erin thoughtfully traced the line of his sight. As did everyone else, but they affected not to notice. Everyone had secrets.
