7.57
Page 1
“…I shot a big flying bird the other day. A goose. But it was a pet. I still got to keep it. I will give you some later, if you want, Badarrow.”
“Good. Thank.”
The Hob sat up, aimed, and loosed in one motion. Bird saw a large Dropbat fall out of the skies. Badarrow grinned.
“Snack. I’ll get.”
He turned, to head down the stairs. As Badarrow opened the trapdoor, four arms encircled him. He paused.
“Huggy. I am glad you are alive.”
Bird squeezed. And Badarrow grinned and laughed. The laughter—woke the young woman who’d been dozing with her windows open. She started for a second.
Had it been a dream? But then she heard the laughter and the voices. She lay back, but the smile on her face drew her out of bed. And the inn awoke. To laughter, relief. Someone who hadn’t actually been dead wasn’t dead. But it more felt like they’d come back to life. They’d returned, a lost friend, a guest.
Family. And all was well.
Meetings.
 
—-
 
Bird was still holding onto Badarrow when they came downstairs. He had two arms free, but he hadn’t let go.
“If I let go, he might vanish. He is back. Look, Erin. I found him.”
“You missed him, Bird! You were gone all last night! I looked for you, but you were off!”
“I was…doing nothing eventful at all. Yes. I went for a walk.”
On another day, Erin Solstice would have investigated that lie right away. But she just filed it for later. She beamed and decided to hug Badarrow too.
“Get off. Too much hugs.”
The [Sniper] added another word that Erin didn’t recognize in the Goblin’s tongue. She beamed and kissed him on the cheek.
“You’ll get more hugs!”
The Hobgoblin growled and blushed. But he’d been smothered nonstop all night and it didn’t look like the rain of kisses was going to end soon. Forecast: affection.
Erin was pulling out food from the kitchen.
“Here, Bird. And Badarrow, since you’re up. Saltbird. I mean, one of those geese from the Djinni’s Spoon—”
“Oooh.”
Bird let go of Badarrow to stare at the encrusted bird. Badarrow peered at it too, very interested. Erin winked.
“Imani’s asleep. You have to meet her properly too, Badarrow! She runs the kitchen so you can’t just walk in, but she’s still sleeping. This is a ‘saltbird’. You don’t eat the salt, unless you want to. Help yourselves!”
She knew from experience that Hobgoblins tended to have second stomachs no matter how much they ate. And Bird had informed her that he’d forgotten to eat an acutal meal for the last sixteen hours. Where had he gone?
Erin brought out drinks, blue juice, to find that the two had become three. She paused, just for a moment.
Snapjaw looked up. The Hob eyed Erin as the [Innkeeper] smiled. Snapjaw didn’t exactly lean back, but she sidled over.
“Human kiss Badarrow?”
“Friend.”
The [Sniper] clarified. Snapjaw shrugged. She’d been lured by the siren call of food.
“Hey, Snapjaw…right?”
“Erin Solstice. I am Snapjaw.”
Erin blinked. They’d introduced themselves, but again, in that flurry of Mrsha clinging to Badarrow’s head and Numbtongue shouting, demanding to know where Rabbiteater was, if the others—now she looked Snapjaw up and down.
Big head. Snapjaw did indeed resemble a certain [Sand Mage]’s creations, although Erin just equated Snapjaw to other figurines from her world. And my, what big teeth she had!
“Snapjaw speaks good words.”
Badarrow informed Erin. His words were better, but Snapjaw sounded fluent. She bared her teeth at Erin.
“Badarrow wanted to come here. Chieftain wanted to come here. You are Erin Solstice. The Human with the flag. I saw you, before.”
“Bef—oh. You were…”
