7.57
Page 23
“Maviola’s fine. Well—we had a lot of long talks about—everything. But—but I can’t just walk away. I really like her, Erin. I do. And we’re receiving threats from that Drake city who sent those envoys. They are really mad.”
“Oh yeah. Lism decked that guy! That almost made me like him. Almost. Say—you missed this huge thing with the Players of Celum yesterday! They put on this huge celebration for us, invited us to a play—I threw up and fainted.”
The [Strategist] eyed Erin.
“I heard about that. Maviola was spitting fire that she missed it. Literally. Did you know she can do that?”
“No way. Can she spit blood? Tell me she can—then it’d get everyone else off my back and onto hers!”
Erin laughed and Olesm started chuckling. They relaxed. Drassi brought out some…Erin peered at them. Olesm frowned.
“Wait. This must be new. Your new [Cook], right? What are these, Drassi?”
“Nachos! Imani—”
They were fried chips served with a cheesy dip, like you’d find at any fast food restaurant! There was a salsa next to it in a little bowl, and an avocado dip to round out the dips. Imani poked her head out of the kitchen.
“I can make whatever I want, Erin! I can’t believe you never made them! It’s not hard!”
Erin threw up her hands. Betrayal! She looked around.
“Oh no. The food spies will be all over this—”
Sure enough, Imani was launching her nacho craze today. And people were ordering them…Erin saw some of them already eying the door. Then—she heard Imani’s voice again.
“Excuse me! We are now selling nachos with a variety of dips. Feel free to have a sample. We have cheese, salsa, avocado—and more! Fish dips, sweet, savory, sour—anything you want! And if anyone would like to know the recipe, please apply for a short lesson! Only six silver per customer!”
Erin’s jaw dropped. The food spies ready to make a break for it hesitated. Then a Gnoll raised his hand.
“Did you just say—‘lessons?’”
The [Cook] appeared.
“Absolutely. Ingredients, lessons—I’m selling the written recipe too.”
“Imani!”
Erin started, but then she realized. They were going to steal it anyways! Only now—the food spies were looking at each other in horror. If you didn’t need to steal the dish, what would happen to their job security?
“I have to tell master—”
A Drake [Apprentice Cook] went for the door. And a food spy blocked him.
“Why don’t you sit down?”
“What are you talking about? You heard her.”
“It’s my job on the line, buddy.”
“Well, too bad—”
They began fighting with each other. Erin watched—until she saw Bezale striding for the group, cracking her knuckles. They ran for the door, already shouting and arguing. Imani watched with great satisfaction. She looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] gave her a wave.
“I need to raise her salary.”
Olesm was nodding, mouth full of salsa and chips.
“That’s some [Strategist]-level thinking by that cook. This is really good, Erin.”
“They’re just nachos. Not super my thing. Fattening. But hey—I’m glad you like them. So…”
Erin trailed off. Olesm paused in eating. And the two said it at almost the same time.
“…want to play a game of chess?”
What else was there to do? They looked at each other and laughed. After all—that was how they’d met. Olesm sat up.
“I’ve been practicing, you know. Maviola’s pretty good. And I’m still running the newsletter. Even without your games I get plenty of submissions…”
“Yeah, well, I’ve been practicing too. And I’ve missed you! Anand’s gone and Belgrade can’t come all the time…”
