7.57
Page 37
It was just a casual gesture. But Kiish stepped back. She was a [Spellwater Strategist]. Superior to [Strategist] Olesm in combat, if not chess. She executed the [Knight Marshal]’s orders in that moment and only Palt noticed. And he just sensed the mana moving—not the spell.
Forgive me, Miss Solstice. But I came here to find you, as well as Strategist Olesm. Though I did not know if you were here. The Earl adjusted his posture. He moved his seat back. Rested one elbow on the table, and smiled towards Kiish.
Erin was looking down at the board. Laughing, munching on a nacho while she showed him an opening. The [Knight Marshal] looked up.
Click.
Well, it wasn’t that sound. But it was close to that. Kiish stepped back. Her fingers were a blur as she pulled out a piece of specialized magical paper. Ink ran from a special holder as she drew.
Vision became ink, thanks to the spell. The [Knight Marshal] stood, on the pretense of getting a drink.
“Sir.”
The [Strategist] handed it to him. He regarded the mage-picture.
“Wonderful, Kiish. Now…”
Altestiel wrote for one moment, handed it to her. She walked out of the inn. Back into Invrisil.
It was just a tiny thing. And the picture went to only a few people. Only a few. But the first one—the only one—via very private [Message] was this. Altestiel’s note only had one word.
 
To Niers Astoragon, Titan of Baleros from Knight-Marshall Altestiel of Desonis:
Her?
 
And the picture was attached. The Earl walked back to the board. He sat back down and with certainty, prepared to learn from the Titan’s famous chess partner. Chess—and more. He had no plan other than that.
Some people were just chess lovers.
 
—-
 
All things being as they were—it was a night to remember. And perhaps not Fierre’s first—but new enough that she was wide-eyed.
A [Knight Marshal] from Terandria? All these people flooding into the inn? And—the Vampire girl paused in watching Erin play.
Three [Assassins] in the inn. One in Octavia’s shop, two in the common room.
It was something Erin had sensed, but the chess game was occupying her. Palt might have noticed—or not. He was distracted and he wasn’t exactly a fighter.
Fierre on the other hand? She was an information broker. More than that, she was inherently suspicious. Also—a Vampire.
She could smell them. Their blood, hear their beating hearts. All three were invisible. No—not quite invisible. But using some kind of cloaking to blend with the crowd unless you really focused on them.
Fierre knew they were there. She’d checked on Octavia to make sure. And she was not the only one wise to them.
“So you’re an [Archer]? Respectable, respectable, sir. We’re just fellow card players with Mister Numbtongue. I’ll raise that bet. Ratici?”
Wilovan tipped up his tricorne and the [Thief] calmly took a sip.
“Fold.”
Experts in their fields had ways of tracking even the most elusive. Maviola El would have surely read their ‘fire’ or whatever trick she employed. Todi was frowning at a stone on his wrist as he spoke to Selys. Montressa was nudging Bezale as she sat next to Wilovan. The [Spellscribe] might have been distracted.
It was all…Fierre’s fingers drummed nervously on her table. She looked around—then abandoned her seat.
Delanay d’Artien was animatedly talking with Numbtongue.
“You like crossbows? Izrilians tend to think they’re not as good as bows, but there’s less training needed.”
“Mhm. Badarrow doesn’t. [Sniper]. I have crossbows.”
“Where, pray?”
The Vampire girl peeked up from the edge of the table as Numbtongue pointed to a wall.
“Secret compartments. Got five over here. See—”
 
—-
 
