7.57
Page 29
“You mean, being friends with Erin Solstice? Sorry. I don’t think she’s that free. You could meet her, but…it’s a busy day.”
Selys glanced at Erin. She was playing chess. And yes, Erin could probably spare time to meet with the Gold-rank Captain, but Todi had, in a short moment, presented himself well to both Drassi and Selys. And neither Drake was particularly inclined to go to bat for him.
Baseball. She should invest in manufacturing gear for baseball and soccer! Selys went to make a note. Meanwhile, the Gold-rank [Captain] sighed.
“Damn. What do those teams have that mine doesn’t? My team’s fine! We’re not reckless morons like the Horns, but we get the job done.”
Selys’ head rose and she narrowed her eyes.
“Excuse me? I happen to know the Horns. They’re dear friends. What do you have against them?”
Todi choked on his drink. His head rose and he gave Selys a look of instantaneous regret.
“Damn. Put my foot up my mouth again, haven’t I?”
“Too right. Wait a moment. Are you that Gold-rank that bothered them in the Guild? You are! I heard all about it from Pisces!”
The Drake’s tail lashed. She stood up. Todi reached out, then he ran his hands through his hair.
“I just—look, Miss Drake. Please tell me you’re not someone hugely important?”
“I employ a lot of people. And I just put a down payment on a Golem. Important enough for you?”
Selys enjoyed the man’s groan. He sat there, looking miserable. Selys was compelled to throw him a bone.
“What makes your team better than the Horns, pray tell?”
“I never said that. I just said ‘we’re as good as the Horns’.”
Todi muttered. He took another long drink and grimaced.
“Damn. But that’s nice. What is the blue stuff?”
“Blue fruit juice. Amentus, I think you call i—”
Todi nearly spewed his drink out his mouth.
“Amentus? That’s what nobles drink! It’s poisonous if you don’t harvest it right!”
“Well, it’s cheap here.”
The Captain looked at his drink and sighed.
“Luck. Luck and friends. That’s what some teams get. And mine? Look, Miss…”
“Selys.”
He waved his mug at her.
“I know I’ve Crelered up my introduction. But give me the chance to explain. At least about adventurers.”
Selys hesitated. She sat down.
“You’ve got my attention for as long as my friend’s playing cards.”
Kevin was losing his week’s wages to a Drake with a bowler hat on, and a Gnoll with a borrowed tricone. It wasn’t exactly the most stealthy get-up, but the inn was full.
“It’s like this. My team—Todi’s Elites—ever heard of it? No?”
Todi took another draft and sighed.
“We’re Gold-ranks. But I change out the team members constantly. People come and go—I’m the only constant. I own a bunch of gear. Scrolls of [Lesser Teleport], Wands of [Fireball], and so on—a lot of our budget goes into making sure we have those at all times. You earn a lot less in my team, but you can join up for a single encounter and leave. And it’s safe. We never attack Adult Crelers, big threats—the Wyverns were as bad as we wanted to get and even then, we played it safe. Bugged out both times we thought there was trouble.”
“How brave of you. Did you say ‘Gold-rank?’ I happen to know a bunch of Gold-rank teams and that sounds like none of them.”
Todi glared.
