7.57
Page 33
“Um. They wanted to play you after this game…”
Olesm turned pink under his scales.
“I don’t want to keep them waiting. Let’s continue, Erin. Who were they? W—did they just step out?”
“They’ll come over after we’re done. Uh…check.”
The distracted Drake’s face fell. Erin was winning this game, like the others. He did his best, but Erin had not only had an advantage on a technical level, he was now preoccupied. She…smashed him.
The Earl came back after Olesm was studying his loss.
“Quite impressive. Strategist Olesm? My name is Altestiel. I am a huge, humble fan of your magazine. I’ve travelled to Invrisil in hopes of meeting you. Could I ask for a moment of your time?”
The Drake stared up at him. He had some sauce on his tunic, crumbs around his mouth, and—flustered he stood up.
“A reader? I’m delighted to meet you! Olesm Swifttail—but you already knew this. Are you? Altestiel? Well met! Where are you from? Is that your group?”
“My escort. Half of them play chess well. We’d be delighted to play a match against you. And your magazine—I’ve bought every issue. Wonderful commentary and games. My condolences for the attack on Liscor—and congratulations on your new class.”
“You know about—I—I—thank you!”
Overwhelmed, Olesm shook the man’s hand. Erin was out of her seat and watching carefully. Olesm didn’t miss how obviously rich Altestiel was—or the fact that he had two [Knights] escorting him and Ilvriss’ equivalent in subordinates.
“May I ask who I am meeting?”
The Drake slowly met Altestiel’s eyes. The [Earl] smiled.
 
—-
 
[Knight Marshal of the Rains] Earl Altestiel of the Kingdom of Desonis, one of the kingdoms to the east of Terandria and out of the immediate Ailendamus-Dawn Concordat conflict, sat across from Olesm the [Strategist].
He had come via First Landing with a small escort to meet Olesm. To. Meet. Olesm. The Drake was so nervous he could barely place his pieces.
“You came all this way…?”
“Desonis is at peace for the moment. And I am not always needed.”
“I—know you. Your storm campaigns are textbook in Manus!”
“He’s famous?”
Erin whispered to Palt. The Centaur had spotted Altestiel. The [Illusionist] nodded.
“He’s a weather-strategy expert. You go up against him, you’ll fight in the rain and muck while his people don’t even feel it. Not the best [Strategist] in the world—he’s a [Knight Marshal], close to a [General] in nature. But really good.”
“Whoa. Good for Olesm.”
Palt eyed Erin, but the [Innkeeper] meant it. Altestiel didn’t seem like a jerk, either. His entourage were a bit Pisces-sniffy, but he was an [Earl].
“What’s Olesm’s odds, Erin?”
“Um…good.”
“Really?”
Erin couldn’t help but shrug. Why did people think that levels mattered in chess? They did not. And Olesm had been playing nonstop. He breathed chess.
“They both look good. I can’t just appraise them from like, the way they sit. But I wouldn’t say it’s out of Olesm’s claws. Say, Palt…there’s something on my mind.”
She felt that prickling again and turned her head. But there were so many people…Palt raised his brows, then stepped back.
“Excuse me. Miss Erin Solstice? My apologies for earlier. Would you care to play a game of chess whilst Earl Altestiel and Strategist Olesm are busy?”
The same woman with spectacles approached. Her hair was proper silver. And she was…Erin blinked.
“Are you a [Strategist]?”
“Yes, Miss. Strategist Kiish at your service. I would be gratified to play a game of chess with you. I see there are multiple chess boards—you clearly play yourself?”
“Sure! I love to play!”
