7.57
Page 36
Bird stared. Belgrade, Olesm—all the chess fans who sometimes challenged Erin and watched her games were crowded around. The Desonis group were silently cheering their leader. The game moved fast—
And it moved slow. Erin Solstice lifted a chess piece. She was smiling. Laughing. Even talking. This—
The [Knight Marshal] stared at her. The pieces sounded like thunder in his ears. They talked. Conversation between the chess pieces touching the board. He had been prepared to learn the first game, win the second. But he threw all of his Skills and his observations into this first game.
She provoked him. Don’t throw this first game. Challenge. Me. For this was their first game. Their best game.
An [Immortal Moment] for an immortal game. One they might remember forever. If only you gave it your all.
Palt watched. With Skills, the [Knight Marshal] was—Olesm was annotating the game with Kiish and the others, frantically, making whispered commentary. It was magnificent. It was the highest level of play, it was—
…Sort of boring if you didn’t like chess. It was still chess. Mrsha stared at the board for an entire minute and padded off. Erin had boring hobbies. But good for her.
Chess wasn’t for everyone. But those it was for—
“Draw.”
Erin spoke. Altestiel exhaled. Sweat was beading on his brow. Kiish dabbed at it. The room exhaled.
“That was a great game. Fumbled it at the end. Right here. When I moved that bishop—”
The [Innkeeper] sighed. She was pointing. Altestiel nodded. The silence around them broke into murmurs.
“Another game?”
“Of course. Not speed chess? I don’t think I could use…that Skill again.”
Erin smiled shakily up at him. The Earl felt like a Giant had shaken him. He nodded.
“Permit me a moment to refresh myself.”
“Of course! Drinks! Drassi—and the outhouse is—”
The scandalized looks from his retinue aside, the Earl stepped back. He did indeed walk outside. Just to calm down.
He was Earl Altestiel. The same player who’d taken second in the unofficial tournament between the best players when chess had first emerged. Who had taken Lord Bel to seven of ten games in the finale.
And this inn had the opponent who made Altestiel sweat when he’d been ice-cool during all those games. Worse—no, better—
He had played his best. But it looked like Erin Solstice had just begun to get into gear. The Earl laughed. Then he turned to Kiish.
“Kiish. I have an order for you. I was right. So…”
He walked back inside for the second game. Then—Altestiel focused everything into the game. Erin was stretching, accepting a non-alcoholic drink of course. Light snacks were important to keep your brain going. Just don’t get anything on the chess board!
One of his Skills was on cool down, the second could only be activated five minutes in. Altestiel began sweating again. He was falling behind. It was a fundamental lack in the basics. Because Erin just had more knowledge of chess patterns. But close. Close—they went at each other, talking seldom, mostly just focused.
He lost. His entourage actually moaned, as if he’d taken a wound in battle. The Earl just sat back as Erin laughed and offered a hand to shake.
“Great game, another?”
He glanced up at her. She smiled. Not gloating—a tiny bit of victory, well-earned—but mostly just the love of the game shining in her eyes.
“Of course!”
He nodded. The board was set a third time. And as the Earl sat back, relaxed now he’d well and truly lost, preparing all the questions he wanted to ask—he had to learn more—he raised a finger.
