7.57
Page 12
“Best of luck, Runner Persua. I…hope…you will survive. The odds are greatly against you, but Lord Tyrion is a personal friend.”
“I shall tell him you did your utmost to deliver this to him, Lady Ieka.”
Ieka Imarris sighed. If Persua succeeded—she would well and truly have Tyrion in her debt. If. Ieka had some wind of the Guild’s orders and she knew more than Persua. The City Runner probably thought she’d have an easy time of it, and that the [Assassins] wouldn’t go after her.
The truth was that she’d been marked as a lower-value target. No Faces were going to try to murder her, but a lot of the Ranks might give it a try. Well, good for them. Ieka wasn’t sure who to root for, but she supposed Hethon and Sammial deserved the cure…even if it meant this was their hero.
And away the cure went. Ieka sighed. Plans within plans. She personally hoped Lord Tyrion just signed the damn contract. But either way—
She wondered what Ryoka Griffin would have done. If Ieka could have chosen—she would have chosen Ryoka, or perhaps Delanay d’Artien. But the less they had to do with the Circle, the better. Ieka was far kinder than the Circle. They’d deployed to major cities in force. There were a lot of their best [Assassins] in Invrisil. Just as well, really.
…She wondered if she could arrange for someone to steal the ring from Persua once the run was done.
 
—-
 
Maviola El stood next to Ryoka Griffin. The two kept on eying each other. They had not met—at least not in the way they really should have. Nor was this the moment.
Ryoka Griffin looked up, eyes wide. Badarrow was standing back, hand on his dagger. Snapjaw had retreated too. Maviola El was more appraising.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
It walked. The glowing eyes. The titanic body. A machine made of magic and metal. All it needed was a giant gun and Ryoka Griffin was all set to believe there was a battleship in orbit and this had all been science fiction rather than fantasy.
“That’s one big Golem.”
Fierre breathed. The huge head swung towards her. The Steel Golem—Autonomous Class—halted on the creaking floorboards.
“Well, the inn’s certainly strong enough to support the weight. Not all are, Miss Solstice, is it? But this beauty comes straight from the Illivere Federation. Not Magus-Crafter Femithain’s personal work, but it comes from his workshop. It can fight, perform manual labor—even clean itself! In tests, it’s killed Wyverns by itself. Not that you’d want to let it do that, but anything up to a Wyvern won’t be much trouble.”
The [Artifact Merchant] was not Selys’ friend from Liscor, Farri Slightly, but a prominent [Merchant] from Invrisil. He was here with his stock, in The Wandering Inn.
So was Hedault. The [Enchanter] had requested him to come here. Now, the Golem rotated its head.
“Looks nice, but it’d never keep up with me.”
Salamani sighed, eying the Golem up and down. The [Merchant], whose name was apparently Xerimedial, one of those flashy names for someone who sold to adventurers and the very rich, turned to him.
“I regret to say that Golem Horses are out of my immediate stock, Mage Salamani. Most go for heavy-duty Golems. The kind you don’t need to repair often.”
“Does it have a self-repairing function? And um—what’s the alloy of the armor? Looks silvery.”
Fierre waved her hand urgently. Xerimedial or ‘Merchant X’ as Ryoka refused to call him, beamed and turned to her.
