7.57
Page 22
Perhaps the first owner of the [Garden of Sanctuary] had made that hill on purpose. Surely—she had made it for the same reasons Erin used it.
It was just another reminder. Erin saw Ryoka looking after the Goblins. She was standing apart from Maviola, looking distracted. The [Lady] turned towards Erin and strode over.
“Your friend is mad, Erin. She’s as reckless as I was as a girl. Worse, in some ways. A Gresaria—only without the chariot and fighting ability. And she could use both if she wants to live.”
“What? Oh. You talked with Ryoka?”
“Her plan has more holes than a rat-infested warehouse of grain. But—I’ll try to help her. I already have. Still, she’s got it in her head to try to deliver Tyrion Veltras’ cure. I told her to forget the idea. There is no cure and if there was—”
Maviola El looked back at Ryoka and shook her head.
“—not her. Not alone. She’s a brave City Runner. But she’s no Courier. To get to Tyrion Veltras at this point, you need an army. And there is no cure.”
She said it again raising her voice. Ryoka turned to look at her and made a face, but she nodded. Erin exhaled.
“Just so long as—I mean, that’s not good for Lord Tyrion. Will he be okay?”
“He may have to submit to whatever demands are placed on him. But I think his sons will live. What a disgrace, that one of the Five Families—that any House should be brought low by such threats! But the Circle has always existed. They have seldom been so brazen, though.”
Maviola’s eyes were flashing. She turned away abruptly.
“I need to send some letters out. Keep an eye on your friend, Erin. We will be talking further.”
“So you’re going to make it to the Summer Solstice?”
The [Lady] visibly hesitated. She looked back at Erin. Then she raised a finger. A spark of light for a moment. It shone…and Erin’s conflicted heart became peaceful for a moment.
Hope. A fire Erin had yet to learn. Maviola turned away.
“We’ll see. My, my. Why couldn’t you all have come two decades ago? Make that four. Six? Olesm, I have to go to the Mage’s Guild.”
She swept past the blue Drake meekly looking around. He jumped—Erin turned and saw Olesm Swifttail.
“Olesm?”
The [Strategist] turned as Maviola left the inn in a rush of motion. He saw Erin advancing.
“Erin. Hi there. I came after Maviola. Um—looks like she’s busy. I’m not here on the city’s business.”
“Right. I hear you’ve been running about nonstop.”
The Drake grinned.
“You know how it is. Maviola, all the expansions, the new Council…I keep meaning to drop by, but—I didn’t think that was such a good idea.”
“I get it.”
The two looked down at the floor. Erin glanced up. Olesm, her first chess opponent, friend, not-friend…he was scratching at his head, trying to think of something to say. Impulsively, Erin reached out. She put an arm around him.
“Come on in, you silly [Strategist]. I don’t hate you. We just don’t agree. How’s Maviola? Don’t run off!”
Olesm started. Then he smiled at Erin.
“I wasn’t sure…”
“Tell you what. You come in, have something to eat—Drassi, can you get one of Imani’s appetizers out?—and we’ll talk. If anyone’s still mad, they get to hit you as hard as they want and then we’re cool.”
The blue Drake halted.
“That’s a joke, right?”
Erin laughed and nodded. She led Olesm to a table and sat him down. Indeed—Lyonette gave him a stern look, and Selys, who’d arrived in a flurry to check on Golem prices herself, gave him a long look. But time…the election seemed far away, or far enough to try again.
