7.57
Page 6
“Well, it’s good you came by. You haven’t really stayed—you were all ‘I’m young, let’s go hike fifteen miles!’, so I couldn’t get ahold of you last week.”
Maviola smiled a bit as Erin mimicked her. She had been all that. And Maviola distinctly recalled challenging that Drake [Wing Commander] to a duel? She’d had more bruises than she could count after that! Idiot.
“I’m sorry if I did anything—the potion does change me.”
“Well…if it helps you, that’s fine.”
Erin conceded. She glanced towards the stairs.
“It’s just good you’re here, Maviola. Remember I wanted your help?”
“With what, exactly?”
There were any number of things Erin had asked Maviola for help with. Erin blinked.
“The party at the Summer Solstice, remember?”
“I told you I wouldn’t make it till then.”
“You said you were off by a few weeks. Well?”
Maviola bit her lip. Damn that second potion. Damn magical flowers. Damn choices.
“I—what about it?”
“The person who needs your help, Ryoka, is here. You met her, right?”
“The City Runner from your…home? Of course. She has no levels, does she?”
Erin blinked.
“You know?”
“She has no aura for me to read. At least—not in the same way. They are like that, those who refuse. Harder to use Skills on, sometimes. Certainly, harder to appraise.”
The [Innkeeper] put her hands on her hips.
“Well how about that. Ryoka’s upstairs. She really needs to talk to you. And your help, Maviola.”
The [Lady] grimaced. She didn’t really understand what was going on; Erin had not explained well. Winter Sprites and a party with the [Emperor]? But she nodded.
“Send her to me when you’re done. I’ll…”
She looked at Snapjaw.
“I’ll wait here for a bit. And listen.”
And think. Oh, there was so much to think about. As The Wandering Inn filled up, Maviola thought of her mortality. Izril. And…the rot amid the flowers.
She knew of Tyrion Veltras. She had seen his appeal. Erin Solstice had not. But as the inn filled, news of it came in. The larger world, whilst the [Innkeeper] generated her own significance. Neither less important than the other, Maviola knew. It was just that everyone talked about one, and it was broadcast. But the magic here was no less valuable. The potential…
As guests came in from Celum, Invrisil, Liscor, Esthelm, and not Pallass, a child was left unattended. It crawled across the floor and Mrsha peered at the baby again. The little red-haired infant was picked up by her mother.
Mrsha shook her head sadly. Some people never learned. She looked up to the stairs. Badarrow was back and he’d brought a funny female Goblin who ate a lot! Now all that she needed was…Ryoka Griffin.
 
—-
 
If you knew Ryoka Griffin, you might understand. Understand why, on this day, Fierre watched her friend carefully. Why she feared.
The City Runner sat there. Her head was spinning. Still spinning, a day after she had heard of Mihaela Godfrey’s failed delivery.
Well—she hadn’t the time to process it with Erin screaming and crying and shouting about Badarrow’s return. That tended to take up the room, so Ryoka had asked Fierre to tell her the rest this morning.
Now—she felt sick.
“She’s alive, Ryoka. Alive.”
Salamani sat on a chair as Ryoka and Fierre sat on the young woman’s bed. The Courier also knew. He looked disturbed.
“I don’t know how they got her. Fierre, do you know more? My friends didn’t have specifics. Well—they were worried. The Runner’s Guild in First Landing is practically dead.”
“The news I have is that Mihaela took five Couriers including Lacel the Leaper, who accepted the request.”
