7.57
Page 7
“Didn’t he get his legs broken by the Guild? He must have gotten them healed by a [Bonemender Healer] fast.”
Salamani frowned. Fierre nodded, never looking away from Ryoka.
“They went down the main road in force.”
“Stupid. They had to know the Guild would come after them.”
“I think Mihaela wanted to punch through them rather than have them attack the rear. That’s just speculation. She must have thought they could use her Skill. But the [Assassins] laid a trap. I heard there were hundreds attacking at once.”
“Does the Guild have that many?”
Ryoka looked up slowly. She remembered the [Assassin] she’d met on the rooftops. He hadn’t been…the best. But he hadn’t been trying to kill her, either. Fierre bit her lip.
“The word is the Guild can toss [Assassins] at a problem if they need to. They have…links. And they take on a lot of recruits. Lots of bases.”
“I see. But they…got Mihaela? How? She can move as fast as a lightning bolt.”
But—she had been coughing even beating up on Ryoka. All she had to do was stop at the wrong time. The City Runner closed her eyes. Fierre went on after a moment.
“They left her alive. Both legs broken though. That’s a message.”
“Nagas. Of course it is. It means they’re not playing games. Two Couriers dead. Lacel wasn’t—that poor idiot. He wasn’t the best. But he was a Courier. I’d have placed odds on him if the Guild weren’t involved. And the rest?”
Fierre hesitated. She looked at Ryoka’s face. She was…but her friend looked up.
“Show me, please, Fierre?”
The Vampire girl wavered. But Ryoka would be able to find it anywhere she wanted. It was playing on the scrying orb in the rec room with Wistram News Network. She nodded.
Lord Tyrion Veltras stood in front of the ‘camera’. Ryoka Griffin stared at the man’s face.
She hadn’t actually known what Tyrion looked like. There were portraits—she’d gone off them in her list of the leaders of the Five Families.
Magnolia of House Reinhart.
Tyrion of House Veltras.
Ulva of House Terland, once Petra and Ulva, the Terland Twins.
Raymon of House Wellfar.
Deilan of House El—or perhaps Maviola El, former matriarch and still living, sitting in the common room below with a cup of tea in her hands.
She had known only one of them personally and hadn’t appreciated who Magnolia was for a while. Now, the man who was said to be her counterpart stood there.
He looked…wan. But Ryoka saw his posture was perfectly straight. A refusal to bow? Yet—
“I am Lord Tyrion of House Veltras. I will be brief. Just over a week ago, my sons, heirs to House Veltras, fell ill. They were poisoned. Held ransom, as is House Veltras unless I agree to terms. I have attempted to cure them, but every [Healer] and [Alchemist] I sought fell victim to the Guild of Assassins. The Circle of Thorns.”
It was a public appeal. Ryoka Griffin felt like she was watching a statue speaking. Save for the cracks. Tyrion paused.
“I have ascertained the nature of the poison and the cure for Hethon and Sammial—my sons. The recipe has been sent to every Mage’s Guild across Izril and other cities in the world. There is little time, however. I ask for any courageous individuals to manufacture the cure and send it to me.”
His eyes flickered.
“The Guild is targeting Couriers. They have sunk two ships at sea. I will offer House Veltras’ fortune to those who deliver the cure within the next few days. Any longer—”
He stopped. His eyes stared straight ahead. Past the viewer.
“—I appeal for aid. Thank you.”
That was all. Fierre closed the box on the orb and put it away. She had seen many things as well.
