7.57
Page 4
And soon they had company. A Gnoll raced downstairs, saw Badarrow, and leapt into his arms. Only then did Snapjaw lose her big smile as she ate. She stared at Mrsha and Erin saw her guilt as the Hobgoblin slowly edged away. Mrsha didn’t even notice as she resumed the kiss-storm and hugs.
Time enough for that. And the Garden. And…Erin saw other people filing downstairs. People peripheral to the Goblin event, who were not happy to see Badarrow and Snapjaw specifically, but happy that Erin was happy. She waved at Palt, Imani, who was eying the huge amount of food the Goblin was eating, and the others.
Yet there it was. There were dark spots in the sunshine. Things you had to reckon with. But do it together.
 
—-
 
The last person with no smile that day heading for The Wandering Inn was Maviola El. She walked slowly.
Not…with physical exhaustion or limitations. Just over a month ago, she would have had to be pushed; walking was beyond her, then. And for years, her body had refused to let her dance or move with a spring in her step.
If it was tiredness, it was tiredness of the soul. And…more than that, the fear of it still clung to her like a musk.
Terror. Again, not the kind you thought of. Immediate horror? No. This was a dread, like waking into a nightmare.
Maviola El was old. Her body was still young—but that was because she had reverted to the actual Potion of Youth. Not the…
Names were important. The [Lady Firestarter] tried to come up with a proper name for the two. She was no [Alchemist]. But one she would call a ‘Potion of Youth’. It gave you…temporary youth. Your body returned, and you could relive that glorious energy, that time in your life. It was not forever; it was a thing for the old.
One last hurrah. But the second potion that Saliss of Lights had made was different. Call it, then—a Draught of Time’s Return. Yes, something like that. Because it took you back. Not just body, but mind.
Soul. And it terrified Maviola El, the older. She still remembered everything with perfect detail. She had blazed as she had as a young woman, more reckless, and perhaps more alive, more daring.
But more foolish as well. It had been like being possessed by her old self. And it frightened her.
Saliss had promised to try to keep her alive longer. He had managed it with a new ingredient.
Erin’s mysterious yellow flowers that were so magical. He had simplified his Potion of Youth. But the cost! The cost was her. It frightened Maviola, because she feared he could make the potion, and many more doses. Enough to keep her alive longer? If he leveled and if the flowers could be grown in profusion…
But no. That was a terrible path. The same path she had refused. And worse—the choice was even clearer than when the Spider had come to her, the Temptress. Maviola had felt it.
For Maviola to live, this Maviola would die. And in her place would spring forth the same young woman who had lived nearly a century ago. What was the most sinister part of all of this? Saliss offered it out of good intent.
And it tempted Maviola. Could she not…live? Did she not deserve to try? To fight death, that unfair thing that snatched children away with the same careless malice as the old?
“Never.”
She had one last true Potion of Youth. The other…Saliss had offered her another. Maviola looked down.
One shone like golden sunlight in her hand. It was unreal, a color of magic that dimmed even the viridian liquid in the second vial. But one would lead her down…
