7.57
Page 10
“Then—please appeal to them. I will sign within the hour. I…humbly ask you to do this.”
The woman looked at Tyrion. And perhaps she had gone a bit mad with power. Or the Circle had chosen the wrong person to negotiate. She was mad enough to poison Tyrion’s sons. So she started laughing.
“Not so fast, Lord Veltras. I’ll appeal to my masters and they will weigh your offer carefully. They might accept. However, you’ll promise me something before I carry your words off. On your son’s lives. Between us.”
The [Lord] looked up. The [Assassin] winked one eye behind her mask.
“What do you want, [Assassin]? Gold? An artifact?”
She was almost tempted to ask for the Banner of House Veltras just to see his face. But—she shook her head.
“What I want, Lord Veltras—is a child.”
He looked at her blankly. The [Assassin] made a gesture.
“I’ll be generous. Give it one try. Here and now.”
“Are you mad?”
“Mad?”
Her voice was almost hysterical. She laughed and laughed. He looked at her as if she was insane. When she pulled herself upright, the [Assassin] shook her head.
“I’m an [Assassin], you silly little [Lord]. I’m going to die sooner rather than later. But I’d rather change all of House Veltras. An heir. It’s a gamble. But I’ll be content with that.”
He just looked at her. Stared and stared. The [Assassin] was almost out of breath with laughing. The Guild wouldn’t send her on a death-mission with an heir to House Veltras in her.
“I…cannot agree to that.”
He spoke slowly. The [Assassin] sat up.
“Oh, really? So you would let your sons die, Lord Veltras? Or am I too repellant for you? I assure you, you’ve only seen my clothing. And there are potions for that. Besides—you might want another heir. You’re about to lose the two you have.”
It was the wrong thing to say. The [Lord] rose. The [Toxin Expert] saw him stride to the door. She shouted after him, annoyed.
“You’re running out of time!”
The door slammed shut. The [Toxin Expert] sat there, breathing heavily, coming down from the high of audacity. She gritted her teeth; she’d overplayed her hand by mentioning his sons. But she knew—the Guild was all-in on this. First Landing’s Guild was being watched. Every major Runner’s Guild—every person who could manufacture the cure. Every Courier. Yes, every single one.
Lord Tyrion Veltras would not receive a Courier’s aid. If one even sneezed in his direction, they’d be taken down by overwhelming force. She relaxed in that knowledge. He might just sign the contract. But she’d made him an offer…
What Lord Tyrion Veltras needed, the one flaw in this perfect encirclement was the outside help the Circle and Guild couldn’t account for. The cure had been leaked thanks to irregular specialists with a grudge.
[Witches]. If there was—any possible hope—it was that someone made a cure. And that someone who wasn’t on the Circle’s radar could deliver it.
Not a Courier, who was being watched. The next best thing. A City Runner then, on the verge of being a Courier but who hadn’t been certified as one. One brave or foolish or…something, enough to listen to his appeal and risk it all.
Like…
 
—-
 
Lady Ieka Imarris was not fanning herself. In fact, the fan was shut in a drawer and she was sitting in a chair. She stared down at the City Runner in front of her.
“Your name is…?”
Persua smiled and bowed, ostentatiously.
“Persua, Lady Imarris. And I am honored to make your acquaintance!”
Ieka stared at Persua until the young woman’s smile wavered. The [Lady] lifted a hand.
