7.57
Page 30
“What’s wrong with my team? That we’re not brave to the point of charging a pack of Gargoyles with a water flask filled with piss? What’s wrong with being cautious? That’s how I survived. You want a hero? Go find a [Hero]. I’m Captain Todi and my team won’t do any of that. What we will do is wipe out four hundred Eater Goats on a rampage, without casualties, and with minimal cost. We’re good at killing lower-level monsters. You want guard duty? We do it. No fuss, no drama.”
Selys blinked. That…was an interesting perspective. Todi went on, seeing he had her interest.
“Gold-rank means a lot of things to a lot of people. Ever heard of the Silver Swords? They’re maniacs. Don’t charge a copper penny for work and they’ll fight any monster you want because it’s just. Why does my team—why do adventurers have to be like them? Who made that rule?”
He leaned forwards, speaking urgently. Even passionately.
“They risk their lives against odds no [Gambler] would take, Miss Selys. That’s not fair on the rest of us. Gold-rank should mean elite, hence my team’s name. But not like that. I’m all for the Silver Swords. They’re brave bastards. But call them heroes. Don’t make what they are the word for Gold-rank.”
He sat back, and sighed, looking tired.
“I just want to make my team famous for doing the job. Get rich. Retire and have a family in a decade or two at most. That’s all. We kill monsters. We still risk our lives and do free work when it matters. You want to slay a Giant, Miss? Go find those teams. But you want reliable? Boring? Hire Todi’s Elites and forget about it aside from settling the bill.”
He sighed. Selys looked at him.
“And that’s why Erin’s not going to like you. She likes the crazy types. Those are her friends.”
The man groaned.
“Wonderful. What a waste of six silver—although that’s a cheap ticket to that play. Maybe I’ll watch it, and earn something for my trouble. Don’t need a two-gold ticket for that, do I? Sorry for wasting your time, Miss.”
He nodded at the Players and rose. Selys hesitated, and then waved at Todi as she passed.
“The players put on a performance multiple times. Sit back down, Captain Todi. You’re not the Horns…but how much do you charge?”
The Captain turned, perking up a bit. He was not Selys’ first choice, or the most likable at that. But there was no reason to ignore him. After all—the Horns might be Selys’ friends, and brave and generous—
But she’d be the first to admit they were as unpredictable as two Mrshas in a sack.
 
—-
 
Octavia Cotton was working on the first Potion of Invisibility according to her new recipe from Master Saliss. She was humming, despite concentrating hard on her work.
The thing about working on the potion was that even with Saliss’ perfect step-by-step notes and detailed measurements—it wasn’t the same as how Octavia would have to do it.
Different Skills, even beneficial ones, made for different results. She’d have to experiment. But she would master the potion and earn a lot of money off of it if she could make the ingredients cheap.
Alchemy was like that. Even if they lost great individuals, ingredients and recipes lasted when spells and other things fell apart. Techniques survived. Octavia turned to reach for the ruby dust—
“Here.”
A black-clad hand offered it to her. The [Alchemist] absently took it, put it in the mixture, and looked back.
A Drake garbed in thick, dark clothing was staring at her. Octavia dropped the potion.
“[Longclaw Grip].”
The [Assassin] rescued the vial. He put it on the stand and Octavia backed up.
“I—I—oh Stitches. Please don’t—”
