7.57
Page 38
It was all a disgrace. That was surely what she’d say.
Deilan El sat, watching the replay of Tyrion Veltras practically begging for aid. He had gone silent. Time—time was running out.
The scrying orbs could be engineered to replay sights. Well, the good ones, that was. Even take still images. Deilan El, the new leader of the House of El shook his head.
“Disgraceful. Zedalien. What would Maviola do?”
The half-Elf bowed slightly.
“Something troublesome, I’m sure, Lord Deilan. But she did not choose you to be her clone.”
“Yes. That is true.”
Deilan knew Maviola had chosen him because he was more cautious then she was. He would never have backed the Kaalblades project, for instance. Her ideas had sometimes paid off well—and she was a skilled negotiator, amazing at balancing a nonexistent budget, powerful, canny—
But she took risks that had beggared the House of El, much like her predecessors. She’d had to take risks because they were in so much financial debt and uncertainty. But she’d decided Deilan was the best to replace her.
He wondered if it had simply been a matter of choosing the least inept. He did not feel like a second Maviola, or even a Tyrion or Magnolia.
And look at them now. One fled, the other begging for aid.
Deilan didn’t know what to do. He was unsure…if his life were endangered. Certainly, the House of El could replace him, new as he was. Would the Circle go after him?
“Am I under qualified for this position, Zedalien?”
“The uncertainty of youth, Lord Deilan. Not one of your predecessors did not ask that question.”
The half-Elf heard Deilan laugh.
“This is why we need half-Elves, Zedalien. Please reconsider.”
“My time is through, Lord Deilan. But my replacement will serve the House of El.”
Deilan nodded slowly. Even so. Even so—this was a crisis. And something had to be done. But…he closed his eyes.
“There’s nothing for it.”
He stood up. And walked off to send a [Message].
 
—-
 
At the same time, Maviola was trying to muster the Five Families for Ryoka’s impossible mission. She was reaching out to people she knew. Gresaria for Wellfar, but it was still hard.
“Thoughtless girl. Headstrong, always rushing about. No plan other than to run and hope it works out.”
Maviola was insulting Ryoka as she wrote [Messages]. But she couldn’t help but feel like every accusation was something she’d heard hurled at herself at that age. It was true Ryoka could be more thoughtful. But she was young. And youth…
“Grandmother?”
For a second, Maviola felt like she was in her chair. A flickering fire not of her make warming her old bones. She turned—
“Desinee?”
The [Lady] stood there. A baby, red-haired, gurgled in her arms and tried to climb onto the counter. Two [Guards], looking quite nervous, flanked the [Lady].
She was in disguise. That was to say—her dress was not silk, and she was not adorned with much richness. It was a terrible disguise, though. Desinee was still Desinee.
Nevertheless…Maviola folded her arms as her niece stared at her.
“Grandmother Maviola—”
“Desinee El. I should have known my family wouldn’t be content to let me die without haunting me to my grave.”
The [Lady] flinched, but she looked at Maviola defiantly.
“One of us should be here, Grandmother! I—volunteered. I wasn’t going to say anything—”
“You don’t have to. I saw my great great grandson wandering about on the floor.”
Maviola made a disgusted sound. The baby—Qibby—gurgled at her. She reached out and he grabbed her finger. Maviola touched his small head—he already had his father’s face—and then glowered at Desinee.
“And why are you bothering me?”
