7.57
Page 26
The Emergency Runner did a double-take. And Ryoka felt the winds shifting. The Wandering Inn had been there for a moment. But today—
Today.
 
—-
 
“Oi. Where are all these people coming from? They’re cramping my space!”
Mrsha signed furiously to Ekirra. The little Gnoll nodded, getting the jist of what Mrsha was saying.
At first it had been a trickle. Then a rush. Then—the magical door had gone dark and needed to recharge, hence the lineup in Invrisil. They were coming through from the City of Adventurers. Mrsha, who had a play date with Ekirra and Visma, scowled over her posh cup of tea.
They were playing ‘inn’, which was like ‘house’ only sometimes Visma, who was playing the [Innkeeper], announced there was a monster attack and Ekirra and Mrsha had to beat off the monster attack before they went to sweeping up or arguing about pay rises.
Games imitated life. Mrsha was playing on the second floor, which in theory wasn’t that much of a trafficked area. She’d set up a mini-inn with Ekirra and Visma with some wood and blankets and stuff she’d pilfered from Bird’s room and the others. Only, their playing kept being interrupted.
“Excuse me, is the bathroom…?”
An anxious Human guest came up the stairs. Mrsha furiously held up a card. The man took it.
“Downstairs and out the door—er, thank you!”
He hurried off. Mrsha put her face in her paws. Visma solemnly added a cracker to her plate.
“Order up. That is fifteen gold coins.”
“I’m not paying!”
Ekirra joyfully howled. Visma stared at him.
“Pay. Or my Goblin hits you.”
Mrsha made a fist. Ekirra, grumbling, dug in his ‘pocket’ and produced some lint. Visma was reaching for it, then pointed.
“Oh no! Creler attack! Run for your lives! Sacrifice the others!”
She, Ekirra, and Mrsha all screamed and ran from the imaginary Crelers. They tumbled down the stairs, abandoning their inn.
“Crelers, Crelers are—”
Visma joyfully shouted—until the three came to a stop at the bottom of the stairs. Ishkr dropped his tray. The Antinium helping him drew all four daggers.
“Everyone into the Garden! Get to c—”
Lyonette whirled, drawing her sword. There was a scream from the kitchen and Imani ran out. The inn’s patrons whirled, hands on their weapons. Visma, Ekirra, and Mrsha froze as everyone stared at them.
“Stop! False alarm!”
Palt raised his voice and magnified it. He blew a spell across the inn; a cloud of calming vapors stopped the maddened rush towards the door. Visma backed up. Ekirra, Mrsha, and the little Drake stared as the guests stopped panicking. They decided to run back upstairs.
 
—-
 
Chaos in The Wandering Inn. Erin sat back down after the miniature heart-attack that the three kids had caused. Olesm did too.
“Dead gods. I nearly—”
He had an enchanted war horn in his claws. He’d been about to blow it. Erin pointed at it weakly as Lyonette stormed up the stairs after the children.
“Er—if you’d actually blown that, what would have happened?”
“The Watch would have locked down the city and begun arming themselves for a fight? Probably at maximum alert since I would have blown the highest alarm.”
“Right…”
The [Innkeeper] could only imagine what that would be like. She laughed, shakily.
“Those crazy kids. They were just playing…”
“Right.”
The two looked around the inn. People were returning to their seats. And it was noticeably more…crowded. Erin blinked. She’d played four games of chess with Olesm and he’d tied one, lost three. But he was noticeably better.
“Wow. Lots of guests today.”
“Do you have to…attend them?”
“Nah. I’m the boss. That means other people do it. Neat, huh?”
