7.57
Page 20
“Because—one of the things they brought were the faerie flowers Erin owns. And they gave them to her by accident. The fae are immortal beings who have granted immortality to people before, Lady Maviola El.”
The [Lady Firestarter]’s head had been turning towards the door, moving away. Now—two orange irises focused on Ryoka.
“What did you say?”
Ryoka Griffin took a breath. Then let it out.
“Maviola. There are stories of the fae on my world. A world without magic. I didn’t think they existed until I met them. But I asked—and they come from the same legends I know. King Arthur of Camelot. A Midsummer’s Night Dream. The play the Players of Celum put on! They might have touched my world—or maybe the stories are so famous they leave echoes. But if you want to meet the same folk who treat with Dragons—immortals of that age—please, please. I’m begging you, please help me. I’ll do whatever it takes.”
The Lady of the House of El saw temptation again. A shadow of a dark blue hat. Eyes that revealed layers of separation from death. For a moment, Ryoka channeled a spectre—
And then Maviola felt the wind blow in this room with no windows or doors to the outside. It stirred her hair. And her spirits unaccountably rose, from Ryoka’s words alone. The certainty there.
Perhaps. Not all that was old was evil. Maviola closed her eyes.
“…Even if I could make it, Ryoka Griffin, and lent you my aid—the Five Families are not so easy to collect in one place. Magnolia Reinhart has fled Izril for fear of her life.”
“I know. I was counting on her. But you’re one of the Five Family’s heads. You would count, even if you retired, I’m sure. And—I know how to earn the favor of a second one.”
The City Runner stared at her hands. They were quivering, a bit. But that certainty from this morning—Maviola El looked sharply at Ryoka Griffin. She saw more of Ryoka in that moment. And she realized—
 
—-
 
“Oh no. No. That’s terrible.”
Erin Solstice stared at the appeal as it was rebroadcast. Noass and Sir Relz were covering the story. They had…an odd relationship with the appeal.
It was news. Heartbreaking, relevant, and thus news. But they still, amid agreeing how morally reprehensible it was, had to add that it was Lord Tyrion Veltras, a traditional enemy of the Walled Cities who was making the appeal.
Erin didn’t miss that. Lord Tyrion. The same man who’d…she looked at Fierre.
“He’s the guy who brought the army to Liscor, isn’t he?”
The Vampire girl looked at Erin and remembered another story about the [Innkeeper].
“Yeah. They call him the Lance of the North. Among other things. He’s like Magnolia’s counterpart. When the Humans fight the Drakes—Lord Tyrion usually leads the charge.”
Because of him. Erin looked at the man’s face, memorizing it. She owed him…too much to say. And yet—
My sons. The [Lord] appealed. Erin took a shaky breath.
“Oh no. You showed this to Ryoka?”
Are you mad? Lyonette was giving Fierre the same look. The Vampire girl caught on to their expressions. She bit her lip.
“But she would have seen it anyways. I told Ryoka—this isn’t like the Archmage. This is—the Guild took down the best Courier of the north. Mihaela Godfrey. Ryoka knows…”
“She just ran a delivery to wake up the Archmage on that isle that killed countless people. You think she’d weigh the odds? Ryoka Griffin is insane. Erin…”
Lyonette breathed. Erin felt a cold pit in her stomach. No. It was different. [Assassins] and this Circle of Thorns—even Erin knew how bad it was and she didn’t have her ear to politics. Ryoka had to have a better idea than Erin of the risks, let alone the distance.
