7.57
Page 13
“Well, Miss Lischelle, it isn’t self-repairing—that would put this Golem far out of range of even most of my clients. But a skilled [Smith] can repair most damage and Illivere has a four-year warranty. Parts and service at a discount! As for the armor—I don’t believe silver is a large component.”
The Vampire girl nodded slowly.
“And…I can afford it?”
“With credit, you would have about…fifty eight gold pieces left over. But yes. At Merchant Xerimedial’s prices, it is still certainly affordable. However, I would counsel you to negotiate.”
Hedault’s pronouncement made Xerimedial’s face sour only slightly. He was, in truth, in the best of moods. Because Hedault had brought him three clients with gold burning a hole out of their bags of holding. Fierre rubbed at her lips.
“It’s far from Reizmelt—”
“A Golem could make the journey fast, Miss Fierre. If you care to step outside, I’ll show you it’s max speed. It can run—although that tends to tear up streets.”
Fierre eyed the very sunny outdoors.
“…I’ll pass for now. Ryoka, what do you think?”
“Huh? Oh, sorry—I was thinking.”
Ryoka had never played some of the popular figurine-based tabletop games on Earth. She had labeled it as mostly a guy’s game, and for collectors and assemblers at that.
…Golems now, she understood the appeal. She’d collect this sucker all day. She turned to Erin.
“Uh—so—want one?”
Erin Solstice, [Innkeeper] and owner of the inn whose ceiling the Steel Golem’s head was threatening to tickle, looked over at Ryoka. She worked her mouth a few times.
“…How rich are you?”
Hedault sighed. Ryoka, Fierre, and Salamani had given him their artifacts to appraise and the [Enchanter] had had a field day. It hadn’t been hard, really. Low chance of curses and the fact that it was all gear from individuals he could actually look up meant that it had been a smooth job.
The hardest part had been Ryoka. And others. He stared at a little Gnoll peering at him. Mrsha had been warned about trying to grab Hedault’s special wand. The [Enchanter] vaguely shooed her away. Mrsha refused to go.
“It’s one Steel Golem. I’d pay for artifacts, myself.”
Maviola pronounced. Merchant X’s face fell slightly. He wasn’t used to people who referred to Steel Golems as a unit of measurement.
“True. But for my job? I’m…do you have smaller models?”
“Certainly! Wood, Clay…and we have other artifacts on sale! You are my clients of the day, Runner Ryoka, Miss Fierre, Courier Salamani!”
The [Artifact Merchant] was selling his goods since Hedault had advised the three not to ask for only gold. Rather, he was willing to exchange their artifacts with Xerimedial’s help. The three would take a loss, but they’d get what was useful.
Ryoka still had a small plethora of potions and other running tools, but she was only too happy to give up the armor and weapons in exchange for things she needed.
And as it turned out—what she needed was what Erin and her friends needed. The [Innkeeper] was flustered as Ryoka made the pitch.
“What—you can’t just give us all of your hard-earned money, Ryoka! You earned it!”
“Erin. I’m offering it to you. This is just like the Players thing—no, it’s different. This is useful. It could save lives.”
“I can’t take it. I w—”
Erin got no further because Numbtongue came up and put his claw over her mouth. Erin looked around. He and Badarrow were crouched over the pile of gear.
“This bow. Which is better?”
Badarrow urgently held up two bows. Hedault brightened.
