7.57
Page 14
“The bow on your right amplifies the force of each draw. On the other hand, the bow on the left has a rather unique enchantment which spins the arrow without lowering momentum as its fired.”
“Ooh. Oooh. I want that bow. Hedault, Hedault, what does this arrow do?”
“Arrow of Frost. Radius…”
The [Enchanter] liked Badarrow and Bird. They asked refreshingly straight questions without wasting his time. Merchant X on the other hand…had a pained look in his eyes as he smiled at the Antinium and Goblin threatening to take the objects he wanted to add to his inventory.
But he was smiling at them. He’d probably smile at a Creler to sell that Golem. He turned to Erin, who had sidled over to the Golem and was trying to measure how many Erins would go into it. Mrsha the Mountaineer was trying to climb up a leg. Lyonette dragged her away.
“Miss Solstice, is it? This Golem could be a fine addition to your inn. Imagine—a worker that never needs to rest or sleep! That carries out orders like obtaining firewood, defends your inn—”
…He didn’t know his audience, though. Erin’s smile turned waxy.
“No. No…Golems. Thank you, but I’m not interested in…”
She hesitated. The Steel Golem just stood there. Erin peered up at it. Not like a skeleton’s head, but…Ryoka was turning Merchant X down too until the same thought occurred.
“Maybe. Do they think?”
That would…change things. Xerimedial hurried to assure Ryoka that they did not.
“I have heard rumors Illivere managed to create a Sentient-class Golem. However, that’s just hearsay based on one of their Golem Fights. Newest thing. I think Wistram is running a segment on them later this week. These Golems? Not a chance of rebellion!”
Again, the wrong thing to sell the Golem. Ryoka relaxed a bit.
“‘…Break my chains’, huh.”
She wondered what a certain [Driver] would have made of them. But the Golem would eat most of her funds. She shook her head.
“Fierre and Salamani are the ones interested in a Golem.”
“I want to see the cheaper ones.”
“And I’ll look at spellbooks.”
“Naturally, naturally.”
The [Merchant] hurried off. Meanwhile, Hedault was helping the three Goblins—Snapjaw was poking at Badarrow and pointing at things she wanted—select gear. Erin was dithering.
“But guys—that’s Ryoka’s!”
“And when bad things come to inn, we’ll kill them for her.”
Snapjaw happily twanged Badarrow’s bowstring on his new bow. He waved a claw at her; he and Bird raced upstairs to try it out.
It looked like some of her gear was going to arm the Goblins. That was fine with Ryoka—so long as she could afford a few things.
“I have your orders, Miss Griffin. You requested along with my appraisal and crediting of funds, a, ah, ‘defensive artifact’ for some individuals including standard Runner’s gear. Wonderfully vague.”
Hedault gave Ryoka a long stare. The City Runner smiled.
“I trusted an expert, Hedault. Mrsha, Mrsha! Don’t walk near the Golem! It’ll smash you! Come over here! I have something for you!”
“Ryoka? What did you get for Mrsha?”
The [Princess]’s irked voice made Ryoka remember they’d never settled things. She met Lyonette’s gaze.
“Nothing. But I did ask Hedault to find something Mrsha might need. Like…an artifact to keep her safe.”
Erin looked up. Lyonette’s brows raised. That…was hard to argue with. Mrsha the Wizard developed a huge smile.
“Oh man. Artifacts? Like what? How about a mithril shirt, Hedault?”
