7.57
Page 11
“Well, Runner Persua, my personal [Alchemist] is hard at work. The cure will be ready within the hour. I trust you have a route planned?”
The young woman had a sulky expression on her face for a moment. But then she gave Ieka a sycophantic smile.
“Of course, Lady Imarris. And I have made ample preparations, as has my client. Would you like to hear it…?”
“No.”
Another pouty look. The City Runner annoyed Ieka on several levels. Firstly—she clearly knew that Ieka was persuadable by members of her gender. She kept making flirtatious moves and she had dressed rather provocatively. However, Persua seemed to be under the impression that Ieka swooned for anyone.
Secondly—she was simply overconfident and too full of herself. Ieka was itching to cast [Acid Orb]. As she always did with anyone who she didn’t like.
Thirdly, she just wasn’t Ieka’s type. Far too petulant and arrogant. But Ieka wasn’t going to kill her. In fact, she was at this very moment waiting on the [Alchemist] to finish his work on the cure for Lord Tyrion Veltras.
What a stroke of genius it was. Ieka Imarris had not been happy about the poisoning the moment word and her orders had come down through the Circle’s ladders of authority to do nothing. She’d even considered…but then she’d received her second set of orders. And she’d thought it was brilliant.
To turn a City Runner into a Courier and ‘rescue’ Tyrion in his hour of need? And if Persua failed…Ieka thought Tyrion would sign the contract. Ieka eyed Persua and the City Runner smiled prettily at her, caught out in looking around Ieka’s personal room.
She might be the Circle’s agent. Or just some idiot who’d been given several artifacts. And Ieka didn’t want to expose herself by inquiring too much into which it was. Either way—Persua was useful.
“Milady.”
One of the [Maids] approached with something on a little pillow. Ieka took it as Persua started forwards. She held the vial, regarding it. Still warm from the process. Her [Alchemist] had worked on it for two days straight. She hoped it was good, for the boys’ sake. She showed it to Persua.
“Here is the antidote for Lord Veltras. My personal [Alchemist] has synthesized eight doses with my help. Far more than is needed. Give no indication you are delivering to him.”
“Of course, milady. And don’t worry about my safety! I’m rather well protected. And a good Runner.”
Persua smiled. Ieka eyed her again.
The young woman had a few decent Skills according to Ieka’s appraisal. But nothing to warrant that level of confidence when Mihaela Godfrey had just been stopped. Artifacts? Ieka had been slowly appraising Persua from head to toe. At last, she found what she was looking for.
Aha. Wait. That can’t be—
The layers of obfuscating magic revealed themselves to the [Mage Lady] as she finally identified what ring was on Persua’s index finger. Ieka’s eyes widened as she handed the vial to the [Maid], but she covered it.
A Ring of Protection? No—a minor one. But that—that was the highest grade of protection! It was all-encompassing, hence the name. Magnolia had to have been wearing a greater one when the [Assassins] went for her.
A Ring of Minor Protection was an insane gift. Ieka was almost tempted to kill Persua just for the ring. No wonder she was so confident. And that sealed it.
The orders had come from one of the Circle’s highest members. Ieka only wondered if the rest of the Circle knew. If so—it was a brilliant stratagem. Either that, or the Circle was divided.
