7.57
Page 18
“And some other artifacts. Looks great, in short. Where’s Ryoka? Hedault wants to finalize her purchases.”
Erin looked around.
“I haven’t seen her. I think she went off with Maviola? Bird. Bird! Stop hoarding Ryoka’s artifacts! You get a bow, Badarrow gets a bow, Numbtongue gets his amulet. She needs her money!”
The Goblins and Antinium stopped furtively trying on artifacts. Snapjaw waved and Erin clarified.
“And Snapjaw can keep that shield. Ryoka’s too generous.”
“She is all that. But she says how much she loves this inn. And…how much all of you matter to her. She was afraid to come back.”
Fierre murmured. Erin looked sideways at her.
“Ryoka says that?”
“When we have a drink. She gets sentimental.”
The [Innkeeper] laughed.
“Really?”
The Vampire girl flashed her a grin. Then she looked around for Ryoka as well.
“I’m…listen. Um—I don’t know how to say this, but um—there might be a problem with Ryoka.”
Erin blinked.
“Does she need you-know-what’s? I have some from Krshia. Or is she depressed? Wait—wait—did she punch someone?”
Fierre looked blank until Erin clarified that she was asking about periods. The Vampire shook her head.
“Not that! I mean…it’s about Tyrion Veltras. I shouldn’t have shown her. She’s—do you know what I’m talking about?”
Erin shook her head slowly. Fierre bit her lip.
“Come over here and let me show you. It’s on the news. It’s…”
Lyonette looked up as Fierre pulled Erin away. She abandoned Mrsha whining and begging for one of the artifacts like Cade’s Box of Wonders that Merchant X was tempting her with. She followed Erin and saw.
 
—-
 
“So you’re actually Maviola El of…the House of El?”
Ryoka felt stupid saying it like that. Maviola nodded.
“And you come from Earth.”
Ryoka flinched and looked around almost reflexively. But they stood in the Earth-rooms anyways. Even so.
“Erin told you, huh?”
“Me. And Selys. I believe she thought it was time. And to be fair—I won’t carry the secret long.”
“H—if I can ask—how long is it until…?”
“About one or two weeks more. It depends.”
On what? But Ryoka was afraid to ask just that. She bit her lip.
“That’s…cutting it real close. Really close. One more week, or even two would be better.”
Maviola El raised a brow. She studied Ryoka, looking her up and down.
“I do apologize that my death cannot be delayed for your party, Miss Griffin. I have tried to make arrangements for my demise, and I have too much yet to do. But a party is not high on my list of priorities.”
The Wind Runner flushed.
“I didn’t mean—did Erin explain everything? It’s not just a party.”
“Oh, she mentioned some grand ritual involving the Five Houses to revive…a Winter Sprite? And the [Emperor], of course. Miss Ryoka. Who told you that something like that was possible? Moreover—a Winter Sprite for a friend?”
Ryoka realized they were talking at a disconnect and fumbled in her belt pouch.
“No! Erin didn’t explain properly—here. Winter Sprites aren’t just…floating elementals. They’re actually…”
It was hard for Maviola to grasp. Especially because she didn’t see Winter Sprites. Also, she had to be shown Ivolethe’s statue and grapple with the fact that Winter Sprites were actually a race of the fae who came into her world to bring snow and were in fact a magical people from both her and Ryoka’s worlds…
At some point, Ryoka saw herself from afar. Holding a little statue of a faerie and pointing to it, trying to convince Maviola that she had a Winter Sprite friend who’d sacrificed her life for Ryoka and that she needed a party with the three foremost nobles of the realm on the Summer Solstice and she wasn’t crazy—
