7.58
Page 7
Ryoka was not like them, a bystander to the event. She had inserted herself into the problem. She just had to leave the inn and…Lyonette wouldn’t stop her. Erin—Erin was trickier. But Ryoka…
“What are you doing, Ryoka?”
Lyonette looked up at last. Ryoka hesitated.
Lyonette was eighteen. Nineteen? Closer to that, but she was younger than Ryoka. Yet she had definitely given off mom-vibes with the full name a moment ago.
“I’m…going to deliver the cure to Tyrion Veltras’ sons. I can do it, Lyonette, Mrsha. I know it’s risky, but I have to try.”
There. She’d said it. Pluck the thorn right away. Her leg was jiggling with nerves. Lyonette’s eyes, bright blue, were piercing as they locked on Ryoka.
It was not a friendly look. Ryoka was reminded of yesterday, and their…spat? They’d never talked about that. Nor was this the time.
But it was happening. Lyonette took a breath.
“I see. So you’re going to run. Defy the Circle of Thorns and the Guild of Assassins.”
“That’s…right.”
“And you’re going to do it after what, leaving us a letter?”
Mrsha was curled up silently next to Lyonette, not even staring at Ryoka. It was unlike her. Ryoka was sitting in the chair, Lyonette on the bed. Ryoka flushed. She had considered that.
“No, I was going to say something.”
“I see. So you were going to tell us. But, obviously, we don’t have any input into this. ‘Don’t stop me, I have to do this.’ Is that about right?”
The City Runner mimicked a goldfish for a few seconds.
“…It’s the right thing to do. I’m not going to be an idiot about it. I have artifacts, a plan—”
“I get it. So you’re all set and that guarantees you’ll survive.”
“No. But—”
But I have to try. Lyonette du Marquin shook her head. She looked up at Ryoka, seriously.
“Don’t. If you care for this inn, Ryoka. If you care for Mrsha—or Erin, or anyone else, don’t do this. You’re going to die. You can’t do this. Not again.”
The words hit Ryoka right where she’d been afraid they would. Mrsha twitched. Ryoka saw her look up, and then down.
“I—there’s a big chance, Lyonette.”
“No, there’s not.”
“I have a secret—”
The [Princess] slapped her knee. Her head jerked upwards.
“They’ll kill you! There are hundreds of miles between here and House Veltras’ lands. This isn’t a few hours, or even a day. Not at your speed, Ryoka! Every [Assassin] on the continent will be hunting you and you have no levels! You’ll die! Don’t do this! I’m begging you!”
She looked at Ryoka; the Wind Runner didn’t meet her eyes.
“What—what am I supposed to do? Just let two kids die?”
“They won’t die.”
“They—”
“Listen to me, you idiot. They won’t die.”
Lyonette snapped. Ryoka looked at her. The [Princess] was shaking.
“Lord Tyrion just needs to acquiesce. Maybe it’s gold or some ransom, but this Circle won’t actually kill his sons. That would make him an enemy for life. This—this is pageantry and politics. Let it go.”
“But he’s the Lord of House Veltras. I need him for—”
“Is it worth risking your life? Dead gods, Ryoka, there’s no party to bring back Ivolethe if you’re dead! And the odds of that have never been higher! They took down six Couriers running together. They broke Mihaela Godfrey’s legs. And you think you have a shot where they don’t?”
Yes. But she didn’t say that. Lyonette peered at Ryoka.
“You do. Because, why? You have a secret weapon that trumps everything? Or because it’s you? I thought monarchs had huge egos. But Runners take everything.”
Ryoka felt her temper stir. But—she kept it clamped down. She tried to make her voice reasonable. Lyonette had the temper; don’t match it.
