7.58
Page 18
Someone appeared out of one of the shadows in the café. A proper [Assassin], female, peering at Ryoka. The Sister of Chell nodded. She gave Ryoka an almost-pitying look.
“You City Runners are as dumb as lizards. This is the third attempt we’ve stopped. Mind you, we’re doing this for your own good. Come with us.”
She seized Ryoka and began to drag her from the table. Ryoka tried to fight.
“Wind—”
A tsk. Another [Rogue] sauntered over. He was the one who’d put a crossbow bolt in Delanay and Fierre. He shook his head.
“[Clear Weather]. [Elemental Suppression: Air]. You really thought we couldn’t deal with someone like you?”
He squatted down as the Sister growled.
“Hey, someone give us a hand! Grab the poor kid. Did they put up a fight in the sewers?”
“Briefly.”
The [Assassin]—Ryoka’s world was one of increasing horror. She saw the [Rogue] grinning at her.
“Don’t worry, Miss Runner. You won’t die. If your friends in the sewer didn’t put up a fight, they’re probably only wounded. You’ll get to sit until that Drake adventurer’s taken care of. Won’t be long.”
He nodded in the direction of the Runner’s Guild. The man tapped Ryoka on the stomach with a foot.
“You’ll learn a little lesson. Nothing permanent. Just something for cheek. Don’t try and make it worse.”
“Hey. Get lost. We have this one.”
The Sister snapped. The [Rogue] growled, looking at her. It was the [Assassin] who slipped over, regarding Ryoka.
“Neither of you claim this one. She’s known to Magnolia Reinhart. We have questions for her. Leave her with me.”
Both criminals hesitated. But then the Sister let go and the [Rogue] stomped off.
“Tough luck, Miss.”
The Sister backed off, glaring at the [Assassin]. Ryoka looked up. Fierre. Fierre. They were dragging her and the other two away. It was all going wrong. Don’t be dead. But don’t do anything, Fierre. They’d seen everything coming.
Maviola El was right. Lyonette was right. The [Assassin] leaned down and Ryoka—
She wanted to live.
“We have a question for you, Miss Griffin. For your sake, I advise you to answer truthfully.”
 
—-
 
Lady Ieka Imarris received word about Ryoka Griffin too late. She dropped her teacup.
“Is she—?”
“The Guild is going to interrogate her, Lady Imarris. She and her accomplices are in custody. Both groups. One casualty.”
Ieka didn’t care about that. She rose.
“Countermand that order.”
“Lady Imarris, the Guild—”
The [Assassin] saw the [Mage Lady] point a finger at her. And the glowing spell made the black-clad figure hesitate.
“On my authority, do nothing to Miss Griffin and her friends. Bring her—yes, bring her here. To the storehouse nearby, that is. I have to prepare—”
The [Assassin] hesitated. But Ieka was already preparing an illusion spell.
“The Guild—”
“I am the Circle of Thorns’ agent in Invrisil. Do it now.”
That foolish girl. Brave, but…there was no point! Ieka would get whatever the Circle wanted from her. She just needed a disguise. She was pondering what to do or say. She had her own agenda, and Valeterisa might have good questions to ask.
“Aunt—something’s just occurred. Don’t ask why, but I’m in a position to ask that Runner you were interested in some questions under truth spell she cannot refuse. Do you—”
“Lady Ieka?”
“I told you to bring her—”
The [Lady] turned. But it wasn’t the [Assassin] who’d slipped out the window, but a [Maid]. The young woman cringed, and Ieka mollified her tone.
“Shadsi, what is it? I am rather busy.”
“I know, Lady Imarris. It is only—Lady Maviola El has announced herself to the guard. She wishes to speak to you. At your convenience?”
