7.58
Page 36
“I forgot something. At some point, I grew old. And I thought, ‘this is the way the world is.’ Do what I can. Keep my House alive, but cease trying to change. Of course, the young woman was a fool. She thought you could burn it all down and build something out of ash. Have you ever tried that? Neither old nor young is entirely right. But one needs both.”
“Is this going somewhere? Where to—”
“Left! That road!”
Ryoka led the way. Maviola rode on after them, laughing to herself. More [Assassins] were following. Black carriages. Crossbows loosing bolts that went far astray. Higher levels would be here, soon.
“You brave, sad Drake. You gloriously foolish girl. I told you, you need an army. But how would you know? Neither of you were born of the north. I have the knowledge—all I lack is the will. The audacity.”
Something was in her hand. A golden vial. Saliss’ head turned. Maviola drank the Potion of Time’s Return. She threw back her head. Her eyes opened.
And she rode faster. Ryoka felt the wind suddenly surge about her. She looked at Saliss. If she had the vial now—but she couldn’t take her eyes off Maviola. The [Lady] was suddenly—younger. Her eyes blazed. She laughed, a full-throated guffaw.
“Erin Solstice broke the traps of Invrisil! But her reach ends here. Now—let us make our way across my home.”
“Easier said than done! Do either of you have a Level 50 Skill? No? Just me? Either shut up or move faster!”
Saliss bellowed. The [Assassins] were closing, despite their [Haste] speed. Moving with desperation. Maviola drew something from her bag of holding. It snapped at once in the air.
She held it aloft. Ryoka saw a long pole, made of wood. And behind it—her eyes widened.
Maviola had stolen something from Erin Solstice. A banner. Made of white.
It did not even slow the [Assassins]. They respected it not at all. But the [Lady] hoisted it higher.
The world—she looked at Ryoka and Saliss as they turned.
“The Five Families have not yet waned to the point that we would bow to threats from a group of cowards. They just have to be reminded of that fact. Now, watch. This is how you do a delivery, Drake, girl.”
She lifted the banner higher, riding ahead of the two.
 
—-
 
“That’s…Maviola of the House of El. I heard she was dead. Or…”
Sir Relz stared. The [Lady] rose from her saddle, riding high in the stirrups. The [Assassins] were following in a huge mass. But every eye was on her.
“Grandmother.”
Deilan El stared at Maviola’s face. So did the rest of the House of El. And not just the House of El.
At this time, they were all watching. Magnolia from her ship, seeing the city she had left in flames. Tyrion Veltras.
Ulta Terland.
The House of Wellfar. Gresaria, from First Landing, seeing her old friend laughing wildly. The [Harbormistress] felt something move in her old chest. Maviola El cried out, shouting at the skies and the watchers.
At Bethal, Pryde, Laken, Rie, Ieka, Yitton—and so many others. Traitors and the Flowers of Izril! Cowards! She shamed them, riding there.
“My name is Maviola El!”
The [Lady] cried. She held the banner aloft. A flag of white, peace. Behind her came the Guild of Assassins, shadows. The [Lady] pointed a finger as a group tried to cut her off.
A ball of fire flashed from her finger and blew them off their horses. [Fast Fireball]. Maviola drew something in her other hand. It ignited, burning the air with magic.
A Kaalblade. She swung the sword as she passed one of the dehorsed [Assassins]. Like a cavalry veteran, she beheaded the figure. Ryoka rode after her.
“That’s…a bike. And that’s…batman.”
