7.58
Page 40
She peered at the two Drakes commentating. Drassi had entered Pallass to shove Noass out of the booth. They were talking about the three. After a fifteen second delay—Drassi shuddered.
“—sorry, Noass. Felt like someone was walking on my tail for a second there. Weird.”
Az’kerash glanced at Belavierr. But her eyes were suddenly locked on the screen.
“I know that young woman.”
“Ryoka Griffin?”
“She…is friends with my daughter.”
The Necromancer’s head slowly turned. Now that was a coincidence too grand to be…
“I see. It would be inconvenient if the Circle of Thorns were to slay her. I am…endeavoring to ensure that does not happen.”
“Ah. Are you also a member?”
The Witch’s head turned. Az’kerash—blinked.
“You are a member of the Circle of Thorns?”
Belavierr’s ringed gaze met the white pupils and black eyes.
“And you are not.”
A clumsy error. Az’kerash was unused to the politics of wordplay after so long. He paused.
“I had considered it. But my agents are not…in the upper echelons of that society. And you?”
“I was. This seems to be a different Circle. I assume most of the members are dead after so many years.”
“How many years ago?”
Belavierr counted.
“Two thousand.”
Az’kerash nodded slowly as Bea looked at the [Witch].
“One would assume so.”
“Some members might live. I know that Runner. And that other one. That…fire…”
The [Stitch Witch]’s eyes widened fractionally.
“Maviola El.”
It was the first name she had spoken in all the time she had been with Az’kerash. That Belavierr remembered the name—Az’kerash looked into the orb.
“So she lives. I had thought her dead.”
“Her string is nearing its end. But she would burn rather than fade. So there you are.”
Belavierr’s eyes were shifting. Her fingers twitched. Suddenly—they were full of thread. Az’kerash could hardly have missed the magic. He whirled.
“Witch Belavierr. What are you doing?”
She looked up at him blankly. He reached out to stop her. Too late.
 
—-
 
“We’re not resting. If you can’t keep up—”
Saliss was panting as he ran. Ryoka looked at him.
“You’re the one out of breath.”
“I…was…going to…stealth…my way there! You’re the damned idiots who blew my plan up! And Xif! I’m going to shave him bald!”
“I will help. If we survive—”
Maviola El was chatting to them as they ran. The [Assassins] had lost them after Lord Gralton’s lands. No doubt they were regrouping. But the three could at least manage a rushed conversation.
“Maybe I’ll buy that bike-thing. It just needs a tail-cover! Hold up—something’s coming.”
Saliss’ head rotated. His [Eyes of Appraisal] had saved them more than once and he was using multiple potions to enhance his body. His one flaw was that he was no Runner and was tiring. Ryoka slowed.
“What—”
The first storm of needles looked like black cloth and blood. They had gone through an ambush-squad of [Assassins], and the trees. Saliss’ eyes went round. Maviola and Ryoka screamed at the same time.
“Needle storm! That damned [Witch]—”
“Belavierr! Take cover!”
They looked at each other and then whirled. Maviola conjured a wall of fire. Saliss tossed potions and the needles exploded. But there were hundreds! Possibly thousands! Ryoka reached for her belt.
“[Wall of Stone]! Get behind me!”
A wall rose as she triggered one of the scrolls she’d kept. The other two dove behind it. Maviola forced her horse’s head down as the needles, some melting from the heat, hit the thick stone.
It sounded like gunfire. Saliss crouched.
“What in the name of the Ancestors is that? It’s like some kind of miniature [Steel Arrow] spell!”
“It’s Belavierr! The Stitch Witch! But why is she attacking—”
