7.58
Page 27
A brave fool. But the [Assassins] didn’t fight fair. They had poisoned bolts. They refused to fight in a standing battle. And—
Eight rushed past the dead [Bouncer]. They leapt through the door as the inn’s patrons screamed. The kill order on the [Innkeeper] was a priority. She was behind it.
They emerged through the door into The Wandering Inn. Sloppy! The [Assassins] looked around, and then charged down the long hallway.
Odd. One of them had a flicker of apprehension. The hallway was—
“Back—”
“Fire!”
The crossbows snapped. Two assassins went down, screaming, but not dead. The other six leapt, avoiding the bolts with inhuman agility. One went onto the ceiling—screamed.
Acid doused him and he fell. Another twisted, deflecting another crossbow bolt! This was a trap! She ran for the door—
“[Fireball].”
The explosion blew all but one to pieces. The last tried to run, stumbling, and a second wave of bolts cut him down.
It was fast aiming. Shots meant to kill. The inn’s staff were dedicated—but not that dedicated to their job. Just as well they were only backing up the group casually aiming through the arrow slits.
Todi lowered his smoking wand with a sigh.
“Alright. Change the door’s dial and prepare for more while we hide the bodies! Make sure they’re dead!”
Todi’s Elites moved out of their hiding spots. Selys was watching as Todi barked orders. The Gold-rank was in fine fettle. And why not?
This was a perfect vantage. Nigh-unbreakable walls, a death trap? And being able to choose when he let [Assassins] through? The Gold-rank Captain was nodding. He might have refused, even so.
But, well, he had believed Selys when she told him her truism. [Everything Has a Price]. He adjusted his position.
“Alright. Open the door! And check if they need reinforcements! Damned idiots got through, right?”
“Yes, Captain!”
The Gold-rank grunted. He set himself. This was where his team was happiest. Let the crazies—
 
—-
 
Fly. Bevussa dove. Someone had taken another shot at her.
“Their aim is too good! Get down! Down!”
She landed hard. Keldrass looked up from where the Gold-rank teams were slowly advancing.
“Olesm just sent a Runner. Move up.”
“Damn, damn. They’re throwing [Fireballs] at us.”
“Then get behind Keldrass!”
Bevussa snapped at the third Gold-rank team—hired by Chaldion from the groups in Liscor. She pointed ahead.
The Flamewardens were moving down the street, scorching figures assailing them. Keldrass wore the Heartflame Breastplate.
And still—they were fighting for their lives. Erin had made a mistake, or so Bevussa felt. She twisted as another arrow bent around a street’s corner and tried to hit her.
She had asked for fighters. People willing to die. Not her guests. In fact—she’d trapped the Goblins, made sure her friends and family were safe. Even some of them who might have come—she hadn’t even known about Wailant, Viceria, and the others.
In a distant city, far from Liscor or Invrisil, a Dwarf was smashing his hammer on a closed door.
“Open it up!”
“Master! Master—”
Pelt struggled with his apprentices. The door had not opened. She had not asked him, that damned—he looked at the orb. He could see the Gold-ranks under fire.
Chaos and madness. Erin had made one mistake and it was underestimating the [Assassins]. Even with Gold-rank teams, an army—Bevussa and Pelt shared the same thought.
The entire Guild was fighting. Every [Assassin] they’d spared had come to Invrisil at the danger. It was do-or-die. If the cure was delivered…their reputation and power would be broken. The Circle, similarly…
