7.58
Page 3
“Any Runner that might go after the bounty? Any to watch and mark? This is every Runner in Invrisil, Celum, Liscor, Pallass—we’ll watch them.”
The [Trapmaster] nodded. It was standard work. Mark the dangerous targets, the ones who might actually try to grab the cure. He looked down—and one of the names near the top, since the list was organized according to the ranking—caught his eye.
“You.”
He murmured it quietly. It was a familiar face.
Oh. So that’s who you were, young woman. Regrettable, really.
Ferin stared down at Ryoka Griffin; it was an illustration rather than a picture, but still good enough to capture her likeness. He wavered with the quill in his hand. He had rather liked her. But…his loyalty to the Guild was one thing. Marking her another. She was surely not that kind of fool, was she? He debated for a brief minute.
One of the other Faces leaned over in the Unmarked Coach. She peered at the entry Ferin was dithering over, bared her teeth.
“The Wind Runner of Reizmelt? I hope you marked her. That’s the one who woke the Archmage of Izril, isn’t she?”
The [Assassin] who’d handed Ferin the list started.
“What? Oh, she’s already marked. Cross her off the list. Sorry.”
Ferin did so. He moved down the list, circling a certain Emergency City Runner whom he’d heard was known for a short temper. Then he passed on the dossier. He sat back.
Don’t try it, Miss Ryoka Griffin.
The [Assassin] had little other than his short meeting with her to go off of. And a rational person would never assume someone would risk it. Not a City Runner, not with every eye on the Runner’s Guild.
He did not know Ryoka Griffin. But the Wind Runner’s friends—did.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin felt like it was snowing outside. Like the air was freezing, the sky dark, instead of bright. A blizzard was coming. She heard distant howls.
She felt her skin chilling. Then—she heard the clash of weapons, felt her heart beating—the Necromancer’s castle lay ahead.
She had a map. Just a map. With lovely roads and cities and…it was a long way. She traced her finger. She’d have to go off-road. They couldn’t scry her. That was huge.
“One hundred miles, two…”
An urge to giggle overtook her. She was mad. She was crazy. She…felt at her bag of holding. She checked the gear she wore.
Armor would slow her down. But maybe she should beg for the enchanted leather armor she’d sold to Hedault? Her finger trembled.
Vail Forest. You’d cut through that if you went along this route. Looked like hell. Sticks and stones for countless miles. But could someone find you in there? Well, just to reach it…
Her heart was thundering. Her mind…was calm. It kept trying to race, and part of Ryoka kept silencing it.
Memento mori. She had one of her own. The little figurine of ice sat on the table, freezing and condensing the air. Ryoka kept looking at it.
What else could she get? There were a few things. Just a few. She had a Courier’s gear. She just needed…
Ryoka walked out of her room and saw the little Gnoll staring up at her. Mrsha sat there, in the hallway. The Wind Runner stopped.
“M—”
She couldn’t bring herself to say it. Mrsha turned and fled. Ryoka watched her run down the stairs. She shook herself. Later.
She had two hours. A bit less, now. Ryoka was moving slow and fast. The air was trying to hold her back. But the wind—when she called, the wind would have to blow so hard—
But first, Ryoka walked downstairs. The inn was silent. Like Invrisil, like the continent, perhaps, people were watching the news. Saliss had come through here. They were silent. Uncertain. Afraid or just spellbound.
