7.58
Page 38
Maviola lifted her banner. Behind her, the Gold-rank adventurers engaged the wave of [Assassins]. Those insane—
“On! You can’t help them! We have countless leagues to go! Saliss—”
“I’m on foot! [Double Potency]—”
The Drake grimaced as he downed another Potion of Haste. He sped up, leaving Ryoka behind. Maviola’s mare accelerated and Ryoka felt the bike jump as she tried to keep up. How fast were they moving?
How far did they have to go?
 
—-
 
“Marvelous. Now that is a [Lady] of Izril. Can we not support them in some way?”
They were all watching. Knight-Commander Calirn looked up. The Fall’s Sentinel pursed his lips.
“We could invoke the grand ritual, Knight-Commander, but it may be too soon. And the cost—”
“Have we no agents in Izril? Send for any [Knight] of our Order! Of Terandria’s orders! If only Dame Talia were still there—”
The [Knight-Commander] saw the trio racing across the landscape. Who was that [Knight] who had stopped them with two comrades? An adventurer?
 
—-
 
“They’ve been running for an hour.”
“And Fierre? Where is she?”
Colfa Lischelle-Drakle didn’t know. She was watching with Himilt, Bamer—everyone was gathered around the scrying orb in Reizmelt’s Runner’s Guild. The Pithfire Hounds and some of the adventurers had gone racing for horses—as if they were even close to Invrisil.
But the sight of the Wind Runner had lit a spark in them all. Himilt shook his head.
“I didn’t see her. But she is probably safe.”
“Hey—is there a scrying orb here?”
Someone pushed into the Runner’s Guild. An old man fought to get through the crowd. He was panting.
“Who’s that?”
“I know her! That’s the Wind Runner? Isn’t it? Is it—”
[Farmer] Lupp pushed forwards. He saw Ryoka as Himilt moved forwards to let him through.
“Aren’t you Lupp? Ryoka mentioned you.”
The [Farmer] halted. He was out of place in this crowd. His face was ashen; he was panting.
“I rode here. One of my neighbors told me Miss Ryoka was—is she alive?”
“Alive. They’ve been running for an hour.”
“An hour?”
“They have too far to go. Himilt—”
“That’s a Named Adventurer they’ve got, Colfa. Miss Ryoka has a chance. They’re moving at Courier speed. Top speed. But the [Assassins] are slowing ‘em down.”
“Here—why can we see them? They’re giving their positions away!”
Colfa’s eyes widened as Lupp pointed out the obvious. The Drakes were commentating, but no one was listening to Noass and Sir Relz.
“Everyone’s scrying them, Master Lupp. But you’re right. They keep dodging traps. The Guild’s blocking the roads. See—”
Bamer was pointing. The trio was running across a field, cutting through some farmer’s recently-harvested wheat. They had abandoned the road. Lupp’s fingers twisted in his straw cap, a copy of a scarecrow’s.
“Are they—Miss Griffin’s no great fighter. She told me so herself.”
“That Drake is. And that’s Lady Maviola El. I thought she was dead. She looks…alive. Young.”
Someone else murmured. Colfa reassured Lupp.
“Himilt, get some water for the poor man. Master Lupp, sit down. You’re about to pass out. They are fighting. But they’re running—they fought only twice. And they have a better shot.”
“You’re sure?”
Lupp sat down slowly, some color coming back into his face as the others made room. Colfa nodded.
“Yes. They aren’t alone.”
 
—-
 
“Hey, I take it back. This is really nice, except for my tail nearly getting caught in the wheels. I—oh hells.”
Saliss stopped pedaling, overbalanced. Ryoka, on foot, whirled. It had been an hour and a half since the Silver Swords had bailed them out. They were still running.
