7.58
Page 1
His shadow moved. The Drake felt it and spun.
It was easy. He sprayed the pressurized acid into the shadow. Just a flick of the wrist. It killed most things dead.
But the [Assassin]’s coverings were acid-proof. Saliss saw a blade flash at his leg. He hissed.
Fire bloomed. The [Assassin] made a sound as he or she vanished into the shadow again, fleeing. Good luck extinguishing that fire, though. It would burn even if you smothered it. And it would set water aflame. Saliss didn’t rejoice, though. He staggered. Felt at his leg.
“Oh no. I’m bleeding.”
The Guild stared at the narrow cut running down his leg. Saliss felt at the blood. And then—the slight, discolored trail that burned and hissed as it touched the air.
Venom. He leaned backwards, sagging against the counter. Someone made a sound.
Somewhere—the second [Assassin] died. But Saliss’ face had grown pale. Damn. He was fast, but sneak attacks…he gasped.
“And poisoned. I might as well say my last words before I die. To the Walled Cities I love…hold on.”
He produced a little jar, rubbed a bit of paste on the cut. It healed, seamlessly. His audience stared. Saliss put a claw to his forehead.
“There we go. Oh, the Walled Cities! My one love!”
“It didn’t work?”
A Runner blinked at the naked Drake. Saliss rolled his eyes. He winked at some shadows in the glass windows. They vanished and Saliss raised his voice.
“I’m not a little Human kid. You’re going to need to work a little harder on me.”
This was the standoff. Saliss waited. But everyone was waiting. He ground his teeth.
Damn Xif. It would have been so much easier if—
“Saliss! Saliss—excuse me, Drassi, [Reporter] coming through. Please don’t kill me.”
A Drake pushed into the Guild. Saliss raised his brows.
“And here I thought I was crazy.”
The [Reporter] entered the Guild. Amazingly—no one had planted a dagger in her back, despite the Guild being surrounded by both gangs and [Assassins]. Actually…they’d mostly gotten in the way of the scrying orb.
Everyone loved to be on TV. Saliss made sure Drassi got his good side. The Drake adjusted the orb, introducing the first privacy screen with her claw out of sheer necessity.
“Um. Saliss of Lights—Wistram News Network. The world is watching. Can I ask why you’re here?”
“Oh, am I live? Hi! I want to say ‘hi’ to General Edellein Blackwing. A personal friend. The worst [General] in all of Pallass. And to Chaldion and his bad hip. And my personal friend, old Sixswords and his kid…”
The [Alchemist] lived for moments like this. He was keeping an eye out in every direction for anything coming at him. But he couldn’t help running his mouth. Drassi interrupted Saliss.
“Alchemist Saliss, why are you doing this?”
Because I’m so tired of—
“For the gold, of course. Haven’t you heard what Tyrion Veltras is posting as a bounty? I’m running low on gold and there’s a huge bounty on a cure!”
Saliss beamed at Drassi. She stared at him.
“Just for that?”
“Well, no.”
The [Alchemist] leaned back. He’d downed a tonic that was letting him see through the Guild’s walls. It was very disconcerting, but he used it to watch for incoming attackers. At least, the visible [Assassins]. Ignore the low-level ones. It was the high-level ones he had to watch for.
“Two hours.”
The Drake raised one claw. Drassi blinked.
“Two hours?”
“That’s how long I’m willing to wait. I expect my gold in the Merchant’s Guild, by the way. But two hours. That’s how long I’ll guard my cure. So—brave Couriers. City Runners. Come and get it.”
Saliss spread his arms, looking at the scrying orb with a huge smile.
