7.58
Page 4
“Kevin. Where’s the bike?”
The [Mechanic] nearly fell out of his seat. He spun, saw Ryoka. His jaw dropped.
“Ryoka? The bike?”
“Ryoka?”
Joseph looked up from his table. Rose twisted. Galina, Troy, Leon, even Imani, looked up at her. Ryoka tried to smile.
“I just need to borrow it. I’ll bring it back. Is it in the—rooms?”
Kevin hesitated. He looked up at Ryoka, and then around.
“Yeah…”
Troy nudged Leon hard. Joseph raised a fist to punch him. Ryoka turned.
“Ryoka, wait. You’re not going to—”
The Wind Runner looked back. Rose opened and closed her mouth.
“You—”
“I just need to borrow the bike. Nothing else.”
Ryoka gave the young woman a huge smile. A warning one. Three [Assassins] had been in the inn. Saliss had killed them. But there could be more.
Rose visibly hesitated. Ryoka turned and hurried for the Garden. Rose looked at her friends, then they all stood up.
The Wind Runner didn’t see where they went. She strode through the garden. Bike. It was good insurance. You could move faster on a bike. Ryoka the City Runner would admit that anytime.
Kevin had leaned it up in the Earth rooms. Ryoka fit it into her bag of holding. It always fascinated her, how the bag seemed to stretch for a moment, improbably wide, so the bike slowly pushed in. But then the tiny bag was there.
Less-powerful ones actually needed larger openings or nothing could come in or out that was too big. But Teriarch…Ryoka looked at it.
“Damn. If I had two days—”
Or just one, she’d risk it. She shook her head. Focus on what she had.
She sidled out of the rooms, head on a swivel. The plan worked best if she could use the door to House Sanito. She’d lose most of her pursuers. But—if they followed her into the inn—better to just…
“Delanay. I need a moment.”
The Emergency Runner turned. He’d been staring at a duo quietly talking.
Numbtongue was showing Badarrow his sword. But what he was really showing—he stood differently, his face changed, his voice a bit lower. And his friend was leaning on him, at a loss for words.
Shorthilt. Delanay turned.
“Ryoka?”
“I need a favor.”
The City Runner saw Delanay d’Artien’s face change the moment she asked. He looked her up and down and his features were troubled.
“What makes me think saying ‘yes’, isn’t the wisest move?”
He knew. Little rocks with moss on them knew. At this moment, at this time, why would you think anything else? Ryoka gritted her teeth. She kept looking around for…
“I thought you were an Emergency Runner.”
“I thought you were a City Runner. I might risk my life, but I happen to have few enough friends that I wouldn’t want a new one to disappear.”
It was that easy? Or maybe Delanay was just the type. Ryoka almost smiled. She grabbed his shoulder.
“Get me into the Guild and out of it. I just need a minute’s head start. And I’ll bet it all on my one trick. It might even work.”
The Emergency Runner adjusted his hat. He shook his head.
“Just in and out of the Runner’s Guild with a sea of watchers.”
“Don’t give me that. Even in would work. I know the Runner’s Guild has secret entrances. I have a scroll of [Lesser Teleport], for that matter. Three of them.”
She had more gear than she had thought she could need. Now—Ryoka wished she hadn’t sold as much as she had. Delanay shook his head again.
“You’re serious?”
“Can you help? I’ll try something else if—”
“I can help. I think. When…?”
“An hour and a half.”
He nodded slowly. He was giving Ryoka a slow, measuring look. It was Delanay though—he did not ask if she was serious, or ask her again, for that matter.
