7.58
Page 42
“She knows more than anyone else, I’ll bet, Archmage. And she was smart enough to pick out the imposter. You need to save her.”
“We are doing our best, young Aaron. Our [Mages] will try to help, but—”
They were too slow. The three were moving across Izril at an insane pace.
And they still had far to go. Elena traced their journey on the map. They were maybe a tenth of the way to House Veltras even running for two hours and a half at max speed. They needed help.
What could she do? Besides supporting the academy…Elena bit her lip. She looked around.
“Cara.”
She needed…to get a message to the Singer of Terandria.
 
—-
 
“Okay. Okay—maybe she got bored and stopped.”
“Or we’re going to have needles everywhere. And I don’t appreciate that. At least Wistram’s stopped broadcasting us! I think.”
Saliss growled as the three peeked out of cover. Even the horse was lying down. He was holding a private scrying orb. After all—they could watch their coverage of themselves.
“Belavierr does not give up. But perhaps she decided it wasn’t worth the effort. We cannot hide forever. But perhaps this is an opportunity.”
Maviola’s eyes glittered. Saliss and Ryoka looked up. The [Lady] was looking at Saliss.
“You…are a shape changer, Master Saliss.”
“I dabble.”
The Drake looked away. He’d reverted to the Drake form after a minute. Maviola eyed him.
“Of course. But perhaps—if Wistram is not scrying us—I have a ring that protects me against scrying. We ran from our cover; they would have to move the [Scrying] spell and that is difficult.”
“I’m protected too. But someone doesn’t have our gear.”
Saliss rolled his eyes and pointed at Ryoka. She raised her palms.
“They can’t scry me.”
“Really?”
Maviola’s eyes narrowed. She looked at Ryoka. Then, thoughtfully, at Saliss.
“In that case—we might have an opportunity. Master Saliss—how long do those potions last at most?”
“Er…well, I could get it to half a day. Not that I need to specialize in long transformations. Combat [Alchemist], that’s me. Why?”
Saliss shifted. Maviola looked at Ryoka. The City Runner raised her eyebrows.
“Ah. I get it.”
The Drake looked from Human to Human. He coughed.
“Uh…what?”
 
—-
 
Ten minutes later, Sir Relz spoke.
“…We think our protections are established. Again—we are trying to bring news without putting these brave individuals at risk. If magical interference is detected, we will cut the broadcast. Let’s see—huh.”
The view reappeared, showing the hollow where the three had been. Sir Relz peered at the image.
“…It appears the three have vanished. We’ll attempt to find them. One moment, please.”
They were gone. The Circle was demanding their own [Scryers] find them. But the three had vanished. And try as they might, the [Mages] moving their [Scrying] spells from spot to spot found nothing.
If they had been looking, they might have noticed a very bemused horse running off. Following…three more horses.
“I’m going to vomit. This is so disorienting.”
“Shut up and run!”
“How? Do you practice being a horse?”
The three were arguing. The first horse, which was moving a lot faster than the other two, rolled one eye.
“Of course. Do you think it’s easy, transforming into someone with four legs?”
“I feel naked.”
Ryoka actually tried to throw up, but horses had a tough time doing it. And they had eyes on the other sides of their head! She wanted to puke, but didn’t quite manage it. Saliss-horse snorted.
“Now you know why I run around naked all the time. Good practice.”
“…Really?”
Maviola had found her hooves faster than Ryoka. Saliss hesitated.
