7.58
Page 2
“I know, I know. You’re welcome. And don’t worry. A Drake might have had to deliver the cure for you Humans, but one of your Runners has to bring it. Or a [Knight], an adventurer, whatever. I’m not picky, but I will check to make sure they’re not an [Assassin]. Anyone else comes in here, they get a faceful of acid. Two hours. And if your entire half of the continent is too cowardly for anyone to pick it up, I guess that’s that.”
The Runner’s Guild stirred. Saliss had the feeling his every word was being sent across the world. Probably on repeat. He beamed wider.
“Really, I just felt bad because this would never happen in the Walled Cities. Embarrassing, but hey, I’m not a Human. Watch Captain Qissa, hi! I’m on the news!”
 
—-
 
He was actually waving. That cheeky Drake. Unpredictable. Who could have seen it coming?
The Circle of Thorns, the Guild of Assassins—were not having fun with the news. But neither were they panicking.
Yet. In fact, the Thorns of Death were talking to each other. Their conversations, full of confidence, or the seeming of it, were terse.
“A ploy from the Walled Cities or is that Drake on his own?”
“It does not matter. This is an opportunity. He is a Named Adventurer of the Drakes. Slay him.”
“Are there enough [Assassins] in the city? It is Saliss of Lights—”
An authoritative voice spoke up, silencing the others.
“He has no defenses. He is a glass wand—hit him hard enough and he’ll shatter in a single blow. Nor can he dodge what he can’t see. Deploy a Deathslayer Arrow with the Guild’s best [Archer]. Send the Faces.”
Everyone liked that idea. One of Rhir’s deadliest arrows, and an [Archer] to fit. The Faces were moving.
Even Saliss of Lights couldn’t stop the inevitable. But the Guild weren’t sitting on their laurels either.
 
—-
 
“Deploy every [Assassin] in the area to Invrisil. That cure does not leave the city. Mark the Runners.”
The orders were coming in fast, sometimes overlapping, contradicting themselves. The trick was…Ferin the [Trapmaster] settled back and chewed on some of the dried jerky. He could have asked for better, but the Djinni driver was prioritizing speed over comfort.
Four shapes sat in the coach—two had just entered. The Unmarked Coach sped south. They had been deployed at First Landing. Now—they were moving towards the newest threat.
“I don’t understand. Why would this Drake risk it? And why are the employers panicking? Even this ride can’t get to Invrisil before the Drake’s deadline expires. The pink carriage Reinhart used would take hours and there’s nothing faster.”
One of the [Assassins] was grousing. Ferin raised his brows.
“We might have to destroy the cure if the Guild makes a stand. There are Couriers in the city.”
“Damn. I don’t want to kill my favorite.”
Someone else muttered. The coach fell silent. After a moment, one of them, a [Mage] who had helped attack Reinhart’s coach, looked straight at Ferin.
“You think this is a mixup? Maybe the special target we’re not supposed to go after?”
“Can’t be. It’s not a Drake.”
“Huh. Then this is just a crazy Named Adventurer?”
“Ever met one that wasn’t?”
Quiet chuckles. But then more orders snapped through the carriage and the Faces sat up. One sighed and produced a ledger.
“Time to work. Let’s see…here. It was a pain getting this before I got on the coach. Take it, make notes. We’ll pass it on.”
He passed the sheaf of papers to Ferin. The oldest [Assassin] in the coach looked at a list of names. And…profiles.
“What’s this?”
