7.58
Page 17
They’d added Ulinde because she was a [Spellslinger] and good backup. Salamani had offered to come, but he was too notable. Most of the [Assassins] would be drawn off by the diversion, anyways. Ryoka looked ahead towards the innocuous shop. A street away from the Guild…she nodded.
“It’s probably being watched. Let’s sit down at that café. The instant we hear…”
The four turned, walking casually down the street. Ryoka felt like hundreds of eyes were on her. She tried to seem natural. The air felt too still, too constricting. Soon, she’d need it to blow hard. But it was so hard to keep her cover.
Delanay was doing a great job—Fierre, less. Ulinde looked nervous and pale—Ryoka really didn’t know her that well. But she had volunteered.
The street was fairly empty. A group of gossiping young women at one table, some people excitedly watching an orb from a safe distance. A half-staffed café. But no one wanted to be near the Runner’s Guild.
Time was nearly up. There were fifteen minutes left—and Saliss was busy telling bad alchemy jokes to Drassi, who had plugged her earholes. Ryoka would have about ten minutes. Five minutes until the diversion. Probably a bit sooner. It would be like ten kinds of hell opening up under Invrisil’s streets. Bezale had been talking about caving in part of the sewer system.
“Anything to eat, Miss? Drink?”
A smiling [Waitress] came over. Ryoka jumped. She’d forgotten they had to eat something.
“Er—er—tea, please.”
“…What flavor, Miss? We have a list.”
The [Waitress] gave Ryoka a long look. The City Runner hesitated.
“Um. Can I see the list?”
Fierre covered her face. Delanay chuckled as Ryoka turned beet red. Ulinde grinned.
“I can recommend the mossy teas, Miss Ryoka. Excuse me, do you h—”
The [Waitress] swung the dagger up and slashed through Ulinde’s throat. Ryoka stared blankly as the Selphid [Spellslinger] recoiled, jerked back—and went over with three bolts in her chest.
“Ulinde?”
“Ryoka it—”
Fierre jerked. She slumped over. The dagger was in her back and two more crossbow bolts stood out in her shoulders. The [Waitress] eyed her.
“Damn. I didn’t think I killed her. Someone get the Selphid!”
Ryoka tried to rise, but she couldn’t. She tried to move—but something held her down. She could barely turn her head, croak…
“Delanay?”
She heard a weak sound. The bolts hadn’t gone through his old, enchanted leather armor, but it had clearly done some damage. Broken bones—he was trying to pull his crossbow out.
“You damn—”
The ‘[Waitress]’ stomped on his hand. Ryoka heard a crunch. She kicked him and then turned.
“Taken out. Sorry about your friend.”
She pushed Fierre out of the chair. The Vampire girl’s eyes were wide. She wasn’t breathing—and there was so little blood. She landed on the floor. Someone else was holding down Ulinde, who was struggling as her head flopped.
“Wh—wh—”
“We are the Sisters of Chell. And other idiots.”
The café—the gossiping young women—they were holding crossbows. The diners, some male, stood in their own group. They weren’t…Ryoka struggled. The wind!
—Did not come. She strained to call it, but felt only dead air on her face. The air in the street was—still. Too still! What was happening?
“You’re a gang?”
“Hired by the Guild. Do you think they would have put it just down to their [Assassins]? Or that they wouldn’t be watching for idiots? You are marked, Wind Runner. Hey, [Assassin], this good or do you want help in the sewers?”
“We have it.”
