7.58
Page 14
Where had she come from? Well, that was obvious. She’d been in Numbtongue’s room, listening with the door ajar! The Hobgoblin was considerably more stealthy than Erin had been.
“Snapjaw! Um—can I help you? Were you—”
“Listening. Crying Humans waste water.”
Erin blinked. The Goblin tapped one pointed ear and waggled it.
“I hear more than Humans think. I listen. Goblin Lord taught me that.”
“But why—”
Snapjaw eyed Erin. Then she poked a finger at the closed door to Ryoka’s room.
“She do something stupid-dangerous. Die running-death?”
“Maybe. I don’t know. I need to—”
“Help her. You going to ask Numbtongue, Badarrow?”
The female Hob stopped Erin. The [Innkeeper] hesitated. Snapjaw went on. She pulled out a boiled egg, brushed some lint off from her belt pouch, and bit it in half. She spoke, while chewing.
“Those two like you. If you say ‘help me’, they will. And they will die. Two Hobs—Redfangs—will die. Like last time.”
She looked meaningfully at Erin. They had both been there. The [Innkeeper] hadn’t brought it up.
“Do you…hate me for that, Snapjaw?”
“Hate. Hate? Goblin Lord told us to fight. Humans made us go to Liscor. Not you. You helped Goblins fight. So more Goblins died. But you feed Redfangs. Badarrow say you save his life, make them happy. You make Chieftain happy, teach her, save her.”
Snapjaw mused. She looked at Erin.
“I do not hate you. Nor love you. But do not make Goblins die. Please?”
She looked at Erin with a pleading look. The [Innkeeper] felt her heart lurch. Don’t let him die. That was all Snapjaw wanted. She reached out and touched Snapjaw’s arm. The Hob looked at it. Erin nodded.
“I’m not asking them. I know they’re not enough. In fact—I’m counting on you to make sure they don’t do anything stupid.”
Snapjaw studied Erin to see if she was lying. Then she nodded, gratefully. Erin walked past her. The Goblins had given enough. Too much. She would honor that request. Besides—they were not enough.
Maviola El was right. They needed an army. One Runner—was she sending Ryoka to her death? If…Erin was wrong, she would never forgive herself. But she hadn’t had the courage to stop Ryoka.
She would get Ryoka out of the city. She could do that.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice went for a walk. Ryoka planned, and her friends made preparations. Time—if there was a [Chronomancer], they’d probably sense time crawl, then jump forwards.
Mrsha refused to let go. Ryoka finally got free and Lyonette held Mrsha back. She looked at Ryoka and the Wind Runner remembered her promise.
Saliss of Lights was really bored. But two hours slowly passed with five more bodies. Just low-level [Assassins]. It was about time for him to leave the vial behind.
“You’re really disappointing me, you know. All of you suck. But I guess a promise is a promise. Alright, I’m leaving. Good luck guarding that vault on your own.”
The Drake’s comments were, of course, being broadcast on Wistram News Network. He turned to the Guildmaster, who was pale with nerves.
The Watch had been summoned to guard the Guild. They had…failed to mobilize. The way it looked was that the [Assassins] could walk in after Saliss left and just demand the key to the vault and it would be provided.
The Drake grumbled as he watched sand trickling out of the hourglass he’d produced.
Then—it was time.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin met Delanay and eighteen Runners in the Player’s Retreat. Fierre blinked. Salamani was there. And—six [Mages].
“I called in some favors.”
“So did I. You’re not the only Runner who’s sick of this.”
