7.58
Page 6
Of course she did. They were like her. And—they had met like this. Saving Fierre as she lay sick. Delivering for the Archmage of Izril. They wanted to stop Ryoka. But they understood, especially Salamani.
“The Player’s Inn. Delanay has a way in.”
“I think I know what it is. I’ll find him. Get some other Runners, maybe. Ryoka—not a word to anyone else.”
Ryoka nodded. They were in her room, having gone there for a warded space. Fierre looked helplessly at Ryoka.
“This is madness. I know the Guild has secret passages for big deliveries. And if I know, the Guild of Assassins knows, Ryoka.”
“Just a head start, Fierre. Thirty minutes—ten would do. I just need to get…”
Up. It was easy to persuade Fierre. Well, easy as Salamani. She was no Courier. But she was a Vampire. She believed Ryoka when she heard about the plan. Believed there was a chance.
“I’m coming too. No arguments. Or I’ll suck out all your blood and make you stay.”
Fierre bared her teeth. Ryoka smiled. Tremulously. Nervously. But her friend impulsively hugged her and then…
And then Ryoka saw Fierre rising. She was going to find a better route for Ryoka. The City Runner strode for the door. She just needed—
It was true that Ryoka Griffin’s two friends from Reizmelt she could argue into it. Salamani and Fierre. An immortal who had lived with poison in her veins and a Courier who had done runs just as crazy—or close. Perhaps because they still didn’t know Ryoka perfectly, and they’d bought the line about calling it off if things went south.
Yet, as Ryoka opened the door, she saw something. A little, furry figure. A girl, with white hair. A child of a different species, but a child nonetheless.
Mrsha. She was crying. And holding onto someone’s hand. She had run to get her. Because she knew Ryoka. And—Ryoka looked up.
Lyonette du Marquin stood there. The [Princess] of Calanfer met Ryoka’s eyes slowly. With real dislike there. Accusation. Ryoka stopped.
“Lyonette. Mrsha. I—”
“Ryoka Griffin. We need to talk. Come with me.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice also knew Ryoka. Mrsha had run to get Lyonette. Rose and the others had gone to inform Erin.
“That girl is a fool. I have to go to Invrisil to meet with someone, Erin. Don’t let her kill herself.”
Maviola snapped, eyes flashing. She strode for the door. The [Innkeeper] stood there.
“Oh no.”
She had said it, hadn’t she? Ryoka would try. Good thing there was no cure. Now—Erin turned to Rose.
“I’ll stop her. Where is she?”
“In her room, I think. Salamani and Fierre were trying to talk her out of it—”
They would fail. Erin was sure. They were cut from the same cloth as Ryoka. And that was a crazy cloth.
Slowly, Erin ascended the stairs. Trying to think of what to say. She checked her belt. Pull out a frying pan from her bag of holding and bop Ryoka’s brains out?
…That sounded most effective. Erin balled her fist. If she had to, she’d punch Ryoka and tie her down. This was beyond—
Someone had gotten to Ryoka first. Erin paused with her hand on the door to Ryoka’s room as she heard the Wind Runner’s familiar voice coming…from Lyonette and Mrsha’s room? Erin turned.
She put her ear to the door.
 
—-
 
Lyonette du Marquin and Ryoka Griffin sat across from each other in silence for a long while. Below, they could hear faint voices coming from the inn.
Everyone was there. Watching. From Menolit to Pawn, some with popcorn, others anxiety. Well, would you look at this? What’s going to happen, eh? With sympathy, perhaps, or anger, but still just watching.
