7.58
Page 43
“…Nah. Now, hurry up. We have two hours with this potion. They’re not entirely stupid. And you had better pray we get a head start and run before they find us. Because if you turn back to Human, you’re going to be naked. Which again—not my problem.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was glad and terrified that the broadcast couldn’t find them. She was watching. Ryoka had far to go.
But she was going. With…Maviola? Olesm was glued to the screen, despite the bandages on his chest and arm.
The inn was quiet. Some people were weeping. Others silent.
Invrisil had been liberated of the Guild. But not without cost. Lord Toldos was dead. He’d charged in first. Perhaps if he hadn’t—more would have died. But Erin, between crying for him, had heard Olesm bitterly lamenting.
If. If he’d held back. If—
Teor was dead. Redit had tried to help and gotten killed. Todi had killed the [Assassins], but brave people were dead.
Let it not be them. Let this be the only ones.
Erin could only watch. She had done all she could. She bowed her head. But then let it rise.
“Everyone—free food, free drinks. Thank you. Let’s watch. Anyone needs to sleep—go upstairs. Thank you, I can’t repay you.”
That was all she said. Her guests looked at her. Some, like the Earl, were taking their first measure of Erin, seeing her fully for the first time.
Others just nodded. Snapjaw punched Badarrow again—she was still mad he’d gone and risked his neck.
But he lived. So did brave Bird, and many of the Antinium. Erin had…traded the lives of her friends for people like Lord Toldos.
The Brothers sat in her inn. They would always be welcome here. Erin would thank them later. Grimalkin leaned back in his seat, talking to the Pallassian [Commander] and some of the [Soldiers], perhaps happy with all the Human [Assassins] they’d killed.
Different people. Different perspectives. Xrn was delighted. Not only had Wistram issued an all-alert they’d had to retract about the Hives, she’d killed countless [Assassins] and her Antinium had suffered few casualties.
They would level. Pawn was holding hands with Lyonette. Mrsha sat between them, anxiously seeking their comforting words as she waited.
Ryoka Griffin ran north. Erin closed her eyes. Sat up.
“Go to sleep, Erin. We’ll wake you when we find her.”
Selys was yawning as she sat with Krshia. Montressa was talking to Bezale, who had a concussion. But she was alive, so was Palt…
“Any word of Salamani? Fierre?”
They were missing. Delanay grimaced as the [Healer] tended to his broken hand.
“They’re still looking. We’ll find them.”
Erin turned. She got up to help lead the search; the Players had helped restore order. But she wobbled and nearly fell on her face. Someone caught her.
“Rest, Erin. It’ll be okay.”
She looked up at Olesm. The two smiled at the lie. The [Strategist] transferred Erin to Lyonette as Erin protested, feebly. They put her in her room. Erin saw the board was arranged—someone had a question for her. Someone had seen her.
She was too tired. Ryoka—
Erin’s head hit the pillow. Her friend ran on.
She still heard the voice as she slept, dreaming of blood and death. And hope.
 
[Magical Innkeeper Level 45!]
[Inn: Skill – Boon of the Guest obtained!]
[Inn – Famous Name: The Wandering Inn obtained!]
 
Power.
 
—-
 
Someone else leveled that night. Well, many people did. They heard that impartial voice in their heads, announcing their levels.
A few, like the Antinium, heard it directly. Sleep being different for them. Or…conditions. Different.
Yet someone heard the voice for the first time. And it startled…her.
