7.58
Page 32
“Drassi? What’s wrong? Is that your claw? Someone entered the Guild, didn’t they? Drassi!”
Noass was demanding from the other end of the broadcast. Drassi looked at Ryoka and Saliss. She waved her on, and mumbled.
“Technical difficulties. Stand by…let me just polish the scrying orb…”
 
—-
 
The Circle of Thorns, watching, felt the first real fear amid the surprise.
“Someone has the cure? Where are all the high-level [Assassins]! Kill that Antinium! Kill those Drakes!”
One smashed a fist on an armrest. Others, more cool-headed, were trying to figure out who it was.
“Saliss of Lights has left the Guild. Get me a scrying spell. It’s…the Wind Runner of Reizmelt? Ryoka Griffin. Stop her from leaving the city. Why can’t we lock onto her?”
“Who cares? Kill her.”
But it was getting harder by the second.
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion Veltras watched. Jericha had brought the orb to him. He saw fighting in the streets. Lord Toldos was dead.
But Humans were fighting alongside Drakes. Antinium were in the city.
One was on the tallest tower in the city, loosing arrows and…singing. The [Assassins] were trying to kill him almost as much as Xrn and the Drakes. They were climbing the tower like roaches. Bird shot arrows down at them.
“Uh oh. Uh oh. I need covering fire. I have attracted their ire. Will I die? La—uh oh.”
Belgrade was trying to pick them off, but they were moving to the side of the tower his [Archers] couldn’t hit.
“Bird! Jump! Do you have a ring? Bird! Bird!”
The [Bird Hunter] drew a dagger with his free hand. He saw an [Assassin] flicking a dagger up to throw at him as she clung to the brickwork.
He loosed an arrow first, hit her. But more daggers, spells, were flying up. Bird saw a wand pointing.
“[Fire—”
An arrow sprouted from the [Assassin]’s head. Bird saw him drop off the tower and take two of his friends. Bird regarded his bow as he loosed another arrow.
“Did I do that? No. Then—”
He saw another arrow take an [Assassin] down. Then another. They weren’t as fast as Bird’s shots, but they were perfectly placed. Bird traced their trajectories. He saw the figure, crouching, protected by the two Hobs.
Badarrow. The [Sniper] was aiming.
“[Zone of Interception Fire].”
He had Bird under his protection. The [Sniper] loosed fast, striking the unprotected [Assassins]. Bird obligingly shot an [Assassin] coming at the Hobs. Numbtongue was standing with Snapjaw.
“Stop shooting them! Let me cut them!”
He swore—he hadn’t gotten to kill anything yet! They’d only now managed to climb out of the [Garden of Sanctuary] through the hole in the roof. Stupid Erin, trying to keep him safe! He reached for his guitar.
Time for lightning.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin tried to summon the air. But it was still dead. Whatever they’d done, they’d hit her with enough spells to silence the air. And it was already being changed by the [Mages] in the city.
…The lightning bolts flying from the sky would kill her anyways. She couldn’t execute her plan. There was no plan, frankly.
“Alright, go! Give up when they corner you! For the Walled Cities! Try and kill me!”
Saliss let her go after one street. He charged at the [Assassins], who fled him as he threw potions nonstop. Ryoka deployed her backup plan.
“Ryoka—did you get—”
Delanay skidded to a stop. One of his arms was in a sling, hand braced. He saw Ryoka speeding towards him.
“Five Families! What is th—”
Ryoka shot past him. The Emergency Runner turned. Ryoka turned, desperately, and passed by a gang locked in combat with Wilovan, Ratici, and the Brothers. Both sides had to stare. What was she riding?
