7.58
Page 22
But now—she heard shouting. Drassi, who had been sitting with her earholes plugged, looked up.
“I think—something just happened. Scrying orb with me.”
“Aw. But I was going to tell the joke about—huh.”
Saliss looked up. The viewpoint changed. Drassi hurried to the window of the Runner’s Guild. The street, which Bethal had seen full of the hired thugs and shadowy figures, was suddenly changed. She saw them flitting backwards, away from…
“What am I seeing, Thomast?”
Her husband made no immediate reply. He was staring at the banners. And the people—men and women, marching forwards. They were…Human? Then Lady Bethal’s eyes widened.
“It can’t be…”
 
—-
 
Why were they here? It was simple. Someone had asked them to come.
“Lord Sanito—yes. Straight through. She wanted to speak with you—here, milord.”
The [Guard] showed Lord Sanito to the place where he’d installed the magic door. Alman of House Sanito was annoyed; he hadn’t scheduled a delivery. But someone rather than something had come through the door.
He saw her standing there. A familiar young woman. Not tall or as impressive as some people you never forgot, not a [Warrior]. Just a young, Human woman. An [Innkeeper]. But because it was her, he would never have forgotten her face.
“Miss Erin Solstice? Is something wrong?”
The [Lord] stopped. And he stared, because something was wrong. Surely.
She was crying, a bit. Standing there, looking at his mansion, at him, as he slowed. Her cheeks were wet. Tears trickling down her face. But she ignored them. As if there were nothing wrong with her tears.
It unnerved the man. Tears were not something Alman was familiar with. From his wife, perhaps. But himself?
Lord Alman Sanito had told his son not to weep when he was four. It made a man weak, or so Alman’s father had told him at the same age. As if, young Alman had thought, tears were a crack in the stone that your courage could leak from.
“Miss Solstice. Is something the matter?”
That was all he could think to say. The [Innkeeper]’s head rose. She looked at him.
“I forgot you had a family, Lord Sanito. Not you, then. But I need your help. I don’t have much time. We don’t have much time.”
He blinked, uncomprehending. The [Innkeeper] walked forwards.
 
—-
 
She had ignored the guards he’d sensibly posted on the door. Or talked them into letting her pass. The old [Lord] listened, of course. She had more than earned that despite the impropriety.
“Time, Miss Solstice?”
Her next words scared him terribly. She looked him in the eye. Her eyes were still red.
“Lord Toldos. Do you have any regrets?”
The last heir to House Everight, old Lord Toldos Everight, stirred in his seat. Erin looked at him. She went on.
 
—-
 
“Zevara. Is there such a thing as right and wrong?”
The Watch Captain’s scales were tingling. She pushed herself back from her desk.
“What do you want, Erin Solstice?”
 
—-
 
His arms were folded. He would have thrown her out but for her question.
“Do you believe in good and evil, Grimalkin?”
His eyes narrowed.
 
—-
 
He knew. They knew. But still—he waited for her to convince him.
“Do you believe in debts? Chaldion?”
“I do. But I don’t know if you have the kind you need to call on now, Miss Erin.”
She stood there. Smiling. Crying. It was hard to tell which was which. And she shook her head and surprised the [Grand Strategist].
 
—-
 
The Brothers listened. The [Innkeeper] looked around their home that was never quite a home, but close.
“I’ve come to ask you to fight. Maybe to die, far from your home, for someone you don’t know.”
“And we owe you a debt?”
