7.58
Page 0

Memento mori. It meant, in the way of such odd phrases that remained in the common tongue, ‘remember death’. It could be art, a symbol, an event—
To Lady Bethal Walchaís, it had been the sight of the famous pink carriage, overturned, broken. That was when she had known the Guild of Assassins was a true threat.
Who had invented the phrase? Why did it lie in the language that [Mages] sometimes claimed for spellcasting?
And why—Lady Bethal’s hands clenched and the [Lady of Thorn]’s gorge and temper rose—
Why was this being allowed to continue?
It was the question she’d asked herself time and again. Why was this petty Circle and the Guild allowed to attack nobles of Izril? Hold children, children for ransom?
This was the kind of thing she and the other [Ladies] of Magnolia Reinhart’s alliance fought against. But Magnolia was gone. And in her absence…
Pryde had expressed similar sentiments in their weekly chat. But like Bethal—like many, even the [Lady of Pride] had expressed uncertainty. Were they to go to Tyrion Veltras’ aid? Alone? Ironically, the campaign against Magnolia from Tyrion and his allies had robbed him of the one woman who might intervene and had the necessary tools to fight the Guild.
But the truth of it was—it was just Izril. Bethal sat there.
“Rats, dear Thomast. Isn’t that what Terandria called us?”
“I was never one of the nobility, Bethal.”
Her husband reminded her. Bethal shook her head. It was—a nickname for the original Houses who had left Terandria to colonize Izril.
The ‘Rats of Izril’, rather than flowers. Rats, fleeing a sinking ship. And it was sometimes fitting. Like now—instead of allying, the houses were fighting each other, terrified of a single threat, disorganized.
But Bethal thought—flowers made more sense. They had always been called the Flowers of Izril—and if you knew flowers, the analogy still held.
A lovely bed of flowers was each bloom in competition. Each one straining ever upwards for the sky, whilst their roots fought for space and food.
“Say what you will about the Drakes. But they do band together when someone attacks them, for all they infight. What do we do?”
This? Bethal shook her head. She stared into the orb, watching. Waiting. A member of the audience of the drama now playing out. And Bethal was no wallflower at a dance.
Nevertheless—a Drake stood in the scrying orb.
“This is Drassi of Liscor, reporting live from Invrisil. The Named Adventurer, Saliss of Lights, has just delivered the cure sought by Tyrion Veltras to the Runner’s Guild and is holding off the [Assassins] in the city and challenging, yes, challenging any Runner brave enough to deliver it—”
 
—-
 
What arrogance. What gall! What insanity was this? Pallass was in uproar, but Pallass was far from where Saliss of Lights stood with two potions raised. A smoldering corpse lay on the Runner’s Guild floor. The Runners, [Receptionist], even the Guildmaster, were all spectators.
So were the figures outside. Saliss waved the potions.
“Anyone else want to try that?”
For a moment—no one did. Saliss did not relax. He leaned back against the counter, but that was just an affectation.
Watch your shadow. The [Assassins] had all kinds of tricks. But Saliss—was Saliss. And he had placed the vial on the desk of the Guild. Now—it was in an enchanted vault, right behind him.
“I wonder how mad the Old Man is?”
He wished he could see Chaldion’s face. The Drake sighed. He checked himself, claws sliding downwards and holstering one of the potions. Was this where he died? That would be so stupid, after fighting that damn Antinium—
