7.58
Page 33
A…bike. Ryoka Griffin pumped the pedals, turning desperately. But the bike Kevin had made was a dream, and handled even the bumpy roads of Invrisil. She shot past [Assassins], fleeing pedestrians, a squad of Drakes who pointed at her—
Ryoka Griffin had never tried to get to max speed on the bike before. She’d stopped, afraid, after she’d hit what she thought was close to the unaided limit. At this speed, she was moving so fast that—
She hit a pothole. Ryoka Griffin went flying. She hit the ground thirty feet ahead of the pothole. Sat up.
“Holy f—”
Hedault’s ring flashed on her finger. Ring of Falling. Or…preventing falling. The same one Kevin had used with the skateboard. Ryoka got up, ran back for the bike, mounted it.
“Ryoka! Ryoka, do you have it?”
The City Runner’s head snapped up. She saw, ahead of her, a group of Antinium spilling forwards, pursuing some screaming [Toughs]. Human they might be—but the criminals weren’t going to fight the Black Tide. Or the crazy [Innkeeper] with the jars of acid.
“I have it!”
“Then, go!”
Erin pointed. Ryoka looked at her friend. Erin hadn’t told her. Told her that to help Ryoka—save her life—she’d bring an army to Invrisil.
Did you regret it? Erin’s eyes were red. But she was fighting. Pawn laid his hands on a Soldier and some gashes closed.
Some things you believed in. Erin pointed.
“Run, Ryoka!”
She’d get Ryoka out of Invrisil. After that—
 
—-
 
Lady Ieka Imarris stared into the orb. Her head was filled with incoming [Message] spells. Panicked orders. And she was watching the broadcast.
“Oh no. No, Ryoka. Don’t do this.”
The Wind Runner was making for the outskirts of the city. On—she couldn’t even tell what it was. Some kind of metal steed with wheels.
But it was not enough. Lady Ieka Imarris saw, at last, a Runner with the cure leave Invrisil. Behind, the city was still locked in combat. But the Guild of Assassins was fleeing the city. They couldn’t stand up to a proper army, let alone three. Invrisil’s Watch had joined the Humans from the [Lords], sensing the wind changing. Liscor and Pallass’ forces were routing [Assassins]. And the Antinium—
Well done. Good job, thou good and brave warriors. Ieka could have applauded it. But look.
The City Runner slowed on her bicycle. The wind was still dead. She looked ahead, down the long, empty road.
She had finally, with the aid of countless individuals, left Invrisil. And now—
House Veltras lay hundreds of miles away. How fast was that device? The Circle was regrouping. And they had a single order:
Kill Ryoka Griffin. Kill the Wind Runner. Every Face on the continent would be after her.
“I have to stop her. That fool. She cannot make it. Summon my guards! My horse! No, a carriage, enchanted!”
Ieka rose. She needed to get Ryoka Griffin to safety. Smash the cure! Let that Persua deliver it. Ryoka could not outrun the Guild. She saw the Wind Runner hesitate.
 
—-
 
…And then I see the open road, out of the gates. Erin started a war for me. I stop, panting, the sweat running down my back. I’m already winded, just leaving Invrisil.
I look ahead. And see the road stretching out to the horizon. And I remember how far it is.
I try to reach for the wind. But they took it away from me. If they can do that once—
I am afraid.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin hung her head. She tried to find the will she had used to convince Lyonette and Erin. But she was afraid. The Guild was fleeing the city, regrouping. They had horses, artifacts, hundreds of members still, probably.
