7.58
Page 41
Ryoka had no doubt who it was. Maviola seized her.
“You have met the Temptress? Where? Did you accept her offer?”
“No! You know her?”
“I burned her!”
“Oh sh—they’re coming around!”
“Not for long. Gah, this is going to hurt!”
Saliss downed a potion. And then he rose—Maviola and Ryoka stared as a Minotaur with scales like armor rose. He posed like Grimalkin—
And the needles swinging around the barrier swept into Saliss. He bellowed as the needles broke.
“[Stoneskin Potion]! Ah! Ahh! That hurts so damn much!”
The needles fell from his skin as the first hail ceased. Ryoka scrambled upwards.
“We need to get to cover! She’s not going to stop!”
She ran with Maviola as the [Lady] grabbed some of Ryoka’s scrolls and sorted through them. The second rain of needles shot from straight above. Saliss swore as he tossed potions at them.
“[Wyvernhide Potions]! Split it with the horse! They’re thousands of gold each! Damn, damn—I’m going to kill that [Witch]!”
The second hail fell around Ryoka and she felt impacts striking her skin—but Saliss’ potion made them feel like pellets. She felt the force of them which caused the mare to rear, but the metal just bounced off, becoming inert.
“How long do we have?”
“Three minutes!”
“I can set up a wall of fire, but it will just shower us with molten metal.”
“Then don’t do that! Do you have any skill other than burning things?”
Saliss howled at Maviola. Ryoka was fumbling.
“We’ll put up walls of stone! From all sides! Let’s—”
She paused. Saliss looked up and stopped screaming. Maviola turned.
“—it’s stopped.”
 
—-
 
“I said, enough. I want her alive.”
Az’kerash held Belavierr’s hand. The [Witch] stared at him.
The air was thrumming. Toren fled and Bea held still, ready to touch Belavierr. Venitra, Kerash, Bea, and the two new Chosen waited.
“…Very well. I was only irked.”
After a moment of glancing at the Chosen, Belavierr let go of the strings she had been twisting. Az’kerash let her go.
“Why do you hold a grudge for Maviola El?”
“She spurned me twice. And burned me. I am remembering how to hold grudges. But that other Runner is a friend of my daughter’s. I forgot myself.”
The [Witch]’s eyes glittered. She focused as the image of the three vanished.
“—Think that was a long-range hex. We—er—Wistram News Network is going to cease coverage for a moment. Wistram Academy had been attempting to block long-range hexes, but this one—”
Az’kerash focused on the Drake. He shook his head, relaxing slightly.
“Blocking hexes? Ah—do you sense it?”
“A net from Wistram. Crude.”
“Pathetic.”
“Indeed.”
The Witch and Necromancer could agree on that.
 
—-
 
“What was that hex? It just blew through our long-range wards!”
One of the [Diviners] was staring in horror at an elaborate web—much like a dream catcher charm—that had just exploded. Elena watched from afar.
Wistram was trying to protect Ryoka—and their reputations. But that last attack had just proven that the Circle was capable of outmatching the Academy—at least at range.
“Cut the coverage. What level was that spellcaster?”
Viltach ordered, looking shaken. He’d helped set up that spell himself! Elena heard a babble as they communicated with the Pallass team, and fielded the onslaught of angry messages.
“And you’re sure that’s the same ‘batman’ that was talking to you with this ‘L’ character.”
“I’m sure.”
Aaron was looking at Elena—but he could hardly escape the cluster of [Mages] who’d descended on him after that comment. He hesitated—then focused on Feor.
