7.58
Page 19
Maviola—Ieka’s jaw dropped. She hesitated.
“Admit her. Give her all refreshments. I will speak to her…very shortly.”
What on earth did Lady Maviola El want now? Ieka had thought she was nearly dead. And Ryoka Griffin—
The Archmage of Izril had questions.
 
—-
 
They’d killed the wind with their Skills and magic. That—that wasn’t fair. Ryoka Griffin struggled to move. But the [Assassin] was having two [Thugs] drag her down the street. They grunted; she certainly wasn’t helping and lifting bodies was hard work.
Foolish. Ryoka was praying the others were alive. That they’d surrendered. Oh, gods. Ulinde was dead. Wait—did that Sister of Chell say Selphid?
It was falling apart. She had known the Guild had employed the gangs. But now Ryoka saw it.
Half of Izril’s underworld and countless members of the expendable ranks, like Theofore had been. It was an army in Invrisil, in other cities.
She hadn’t had a chance. The Sister of Chell was tsking as she investigated Fierre’s body. She frowned.
“Wait, maybe she’s alive. My heartbeat Skill is picking up something…did you bastards use poison or can I heal her?”
Professional killers versus Runners. Different mentality, different style. They’d taken the wind.
Arrogant. Lyonette was right. Ryoka heard the other gangs laughing and calling out in the street.
“Think we’ll bag a Courier?”
“We’ll let the [Assassins] take them on. What about the Drake?”
“You want to fuck with a Named Adventurer? He’s alone, anyways. And about to leave. Let him go, I say. Oi—company.”
The procession paused. The [Assassin] turned, but relaxed. The Sister of Chell looked up. Ryoka, with great effort, raised her head. The [Rogue] who was leading his gang blinked, then scowled.
“Look who’s here to join the party. The hat bastards.”
“New orders. We’re taking this one elsewhere. With me.”
The [Assassin] had just received a [Message] on a scroll. The two [Thugs] grumbled, but changed directions. They headed back the way they’d come. The [Rogue] shouted as the other gangs jeered.
“Here for a job? Get lost, you idiots! This is our job, and no one wanted to hire you prissy bastards!”
The others on the street jeered as they resumed their posts. The [Waitress]-Sister hesitated.
“Hold up. Hey. Why are you lot…that’s a lot of them.”
She muttered to herself. Ryoka stared ahead.
A line of men was strolling down the street. About…thirty of them. Each one wearing some kind of cap.
There were tricorns, top hats, or close enough, simple caps, even a fez—it was a world unknown to Ryoka. Who liked hats that much?
These men. And they were…walking slowly. Chatting. But Ryoka had a sudden flash of insight.
The Sister of Chell had one at the exact same time. The others were jeering, laughing. But the Sister murmured.
“Oh. Rhir’s hells.”
She raised a hand and clenched it into a fist. The other Sisters looked up and stopped laughing.
The [Rogue] was less perspicacious. And he should have been. But he was sauntering forwards with the crossbow in his hands.
“Hey. This is our street. Why’re you here?”
He called out, a bit warily. And one of the men walking in front—a Gnoll, the only one in the group, turned to a Drake.
“We’re going for a walk, gentlemen. Just a group of fellows on a walkabout, as any honest and enterprising citizen is entitled to, surely.”
The other gangs deciphered that, then looked at each other. The Brothers had their stupid way of talking. But the Drake’s voice was just as light as he replied. And they knew those two.
“There’s no law against a fellow walking about, is there?”
“Yeah, but…”
