7.58
Page 16
Someone kicked Redit as the [Bouncer] tried to block them. Ryoka saw the door thrust open and—Garia covered her face.
“Dad. Mom! Get back to the inn!”
Wailant and Viceria. Wailant was alternatively beaming and scowling. Viceria was nothing but worried, but she looked relieved to see the other [Mages].
“Mister Strongheart? Why are you—?”
“We knew our daughter would be here. What kind of humble [Farmers] would we be if we let her risk her neck! Don’t worry, we’ll keep back. Just to make sure our little City Runner stays safe!”
“I have classes! Go home!”
“Nonsense. We both outlevel you, young woman. And we’re not alone.”
Ryoka’s head snapped up. She saw more people behind the farming couple. They had arranged this. Surely, they had. Or how would Wesle, Jasi, Kilkran, Temile, Jelaqua, Moore, Seborn—her jaw dropped.
“What are you all doing?”
“We’ve done this before. At the riots in Invrisil. Oh, you missed that. Grand fight.”
“Hey Ryoka. You made Mrsha cry. I’m going to beat you with a chair—after we get you out of Invrisil!”
Jelaqua brightly waved. Ulinde joined her old friends from Wistram. They were coming through. The inn’s guests. People like—
Like Ryoka. Or Delanay. Or Fierre, for that matter, who was staring at Wesle. The former [Guardsman] was checking the enchanted sword.
“You’re [Actors]!”
“Nothing like it to cause a scene, is there? I hope that gives us some immunity.”
Kilkran beamed. Jasi shook her head.
“We’re going to cause a distraction. None of you are fighting. Hell, I’ll throw free autographs and tickets at the [Assassins] if it works. So what’s the plan? I assume there is one?”
They were all here. Ryoka felt weak at the knees. So worried. But—
The wind blew down the street, tugging at her hair. The City Runner’s heart stirred. She smiled.
“I don’t know how to thank you—”
“Then don’t bother. We’re wasting time. Just—give us something to boast about, huh? Deliver the cure, Wind Runner. We’ll get you to the Guild.”
Wailant laughed. Ryoka looked around. No Antinium or Goblins. Badarrow and Numbtongue were missing, as was Snapjaw. More than she could ask for. But—she took a breath. Then sighed.
“Let’s go.”
 
—-
 
The Wind Runner and her friends moved towards the secret tunnel’s entrance, a street away from the inn. The others began moving for the sewer entrance they’d have to jog down to assail the Guild and cause the distraction from below.
And yet—Mrsha was sniffling. No. No. She was afraid. And she knew there was reason to be afraid. Because—
“Let us out.”
Numbtongue was banging on the door to the Garden of Sanctuary. Mrsha clung to his legs. Badarrow was trying to get Snapjaw to help him climb through the dome’s opening. A few Fortress Beavers were watching, mystified, and Apista was buzzing around, nervously.
Lyonette had shut them in. She’d told the Goblins that Erin needed their help and then closed the door. Erin must have put her up to it because the door would not open for the Goblins or Mrsha.
Badarrow was scowling, growling at Snapjaw. But she just looked…Mrsha clung to Numbtongue. Don’t go. She had seen Wailant, the Halfseekers—but don’t go. She was so afraid. This wasn’t like last time. It wasn’t monsters or rioters.
It was [Assassins]. And more…
 
—-
 
“We’re nearly there. It’s through a [Cobbler]’s shop. Wait for the sounds of explosions and then—”
Delanay wasn’t trying to be stealthy. His red jacket and striking clothing weren’t good at stealthy, anyways. But he was being casual as he led Ryoka, Fierre, and Ulinde to the secret tunnel.
