7.58
Page 29
Archery Squads A to D stood on the rooftop, loosing arrows. The Workers were shooting rapidly. But the [Archer] who’d shot down the [Assassins] at extreme range was even higher up.
“Hmm, hmm…”
Bird took aim from the top of his new tower. He saw a distant shape, loosed—the arrow curved as it homed in on the [Assassin], flying improbably far.
The figure dodged, cartwheeling. But the second and third arrows were already landing. Bird had calculated how far they dodged with their basic dodge Skill and put two arrows to the left and right; they didn’t like dodging forwards or backwards as much.
If you relied on Skills—he watched the figure crumble, the arrow in its belly. Bird sighed.
“Birds are harder.”
The [Assassins] looked up. The Small Queen floated in the air. Next to the Worker. At first, the group hadn’t been noticed as they set up. They were the last to arrive.
They made the largest impact.
The [Assassins], the Circle of Thorns, the watchers—Drassi pointed up with a shaking claw.
“That’s—that’s—B—B—”
“Bird the [Hunter]!”
The cry went up from Invrisil. People hiding in their homes looked up and saw the Prognugator of the Free Antinium! How they had seen him on Pallass’ walls. The nobles of Izril, watchers staring into the orb heard the second name. Quietly uttered, this time in disbelief.
“The Small Queen. Xrn.”
She hovered there. Her staff glowed with the same magic as her eyes. When she spoke—her voice was perfectly amplified so that everyone heard it without her having to shout.
“Hello, Humans. My name is Xrniavxxel. You call me the Small Queen of the Antinium.”
“Kill her.”
The Thorns of Death ordered it without hesitation. The [Assassins] changed targets. They streamed towards her.
Dozens of lightning bolts flashed down from the sky. They left…fire…where they impacted. They were red. Burning lightning. The [Thaumaturge] smiled.
“This is an act of war! Is it war, Antinium?”
One of the [Assassins] shouted up at her, brandishing a buckler which had absorbed one of the lightning bolts. Xrn looked down at him, interested.
“I am simply doing a good deed. I am allowed to break rules to do a good deed. I did not know this, but it seems acceptable.”
“No Human will accept that. This land is ours! Return to your Hive!”
The [Assassin] raised his buckler. Xrn tilted her head back and forth. It was sound logic. Well, darn. If she couldn’t break the rules even to do a good deed—if the Antinium were the one exception—
“Very well, then. It is war.”
The Humans looked up. The Small Queen rotated in the air. She looked into the distant orb.
“I am telling you so you don’t have to ask. It. Is. War. War on your Guild of Assassins. The Antinium are at war. So—advance.”
She pointed. Below her, a tide of figures moved. Antinium. Soldiers and Workers, painted. A giant led them, a few inches taller than the others.
Yellow Splatters. His voice boomed as they moved at the [Assassins]. Above—Xrn was engaging an entire flank. Soldiers thundered forwards. Workers with bows provided local cover.
They were here to fight and die. Because they had been asked. Was that enough? Perhaps not. Perhaps it was unfair. But they had been asked by her.
And she was there. How could they not try to protect her? Erin Solstice raised one of the spare knives at the back of the first wave of Antinium.
She threw the knife. It went through one of the black forms fighting in the streets. She took a breath, raised a jar, and threw it. Someone fell, screaming, burning.
