7.58
Page 26
“Sometimes a man has to do certain things, Miss Griffin. I’ll wager the other fellows feel the same. It’s a bad business. And it cannot—will not continue. We’ll do our part. Will you do yours?”
Ryoka looked around. Fierre—Delanay was on his knees, talking to Ulinde. He looked up.
“Go.”
She went. Ryoka Griffin had made her choice. And so had Erin Solstice.
 
—-
 
“That idiot. I told him to wait for us to flank—”
Olesm heard the first, nigh-suicidal charge had failed. The [Lord] had ignored the Drake. They were not allies—or if they were, they were bound by a single person.
But it was not for Erin alone he was here. It was because there was right and wrong and—Liscor’s [Guards] cried out.
“Fireballs!”
“Behind the barricades!”
Olesm saw the first [Assassins] popping up, firing spells from a long ways away at the entrenched forces. They weren’t idiots and they had gear. The enchanted barricades absorbed the explosions, but some [Guards] were thrown back even so.
“[Focus Fire]!”
The battalion’s [Commander] was roaring. They were in the thick of it. Olesm tried to use his [Instantaneous Barrage] Skill—but it wasn’t ready to be used yet.
“There’s a group coming from the north, Strategist. Forty of them. They’ll blast your lines apart, even with the barricades. Collapse the buildings on you.”
Olesm whirled, sword raised. He saw the Drakes aiming—
“Hold fire! Earl?”
Earl Altestiel strode forwards. He looked around, as if he and his group were taking a stroll. His [Knights] and escort were fully armed, though. Altestiel was wearing his cloth armor—but it was probably better than Olesm’s enchanted leather.
“What are you doing here, Knight Marshal?”
“I had a feeling something was going to happen. I did not expect this. Move away from those buildings. The [Assassins] care nothing for collateral damage. And they’ve hired gangs. You might face a force comparable to yours if you advance. Invrisil can field thousands of disreputable criminals. Although their morale will probably break if enough die.”
Olesm saw the Drake hesitating. He nodded.
“Do it! Earl—”
The man was staring ahead. Peering upwards.
“Fascinating. There is a story I heard of that [Innkeeper], Strategist Olesm. Of a chess club.”
The Drake stared blankly at him. Then his eyes sharpened. He nodded. That was one of the reasons why he was here.
“They died for her. Because she gave them everything. The ones who lived became legends among their kind.”
“I see.”
The Earl smiled. He adjusted his clothing. Then he looked at Olesm and shook his head. He turned.
“What an extraordinary person. Soldiers of Desonis prepare for combat. Strategist, move those barricades. Strategist Kiish, watch the flank on the left. Block any area of attack spells coming our way.”
Olesm’s jaw dropped. He saw the two [Knights] striding forwards, bringing up huge shields.
“Earl?”
The first drop of rain hit the back of his head. The Earl looked at him.
“I simply wouldn’t want a worthy teacher to die. I leveled, you know. Me. Are we advancing?”
“I—I told Lord Toldos not to. Erin said there was one more group. There are the Brothers, the Drakes, Magus Grimalkin. But she said that wasn’t enough.”
He hadn’t believed it when he saw Pallass’ 4th Battalion. But he would have taken a regiment, after seeing the [Assassins]. They fought like—
 
—-
 
[Assassins]. Another [Lightning Bolt] blew apart Lord Toldos’ [Soldiers] in their doomed assault. They were fleeing, bearing the [Lord] backwards. Idiot. Fool.
