7.58
Page 15
Delanay introduced the others to Ryoka briefly. She forgot their names; she was vibrating with nerves.
“This is the Runner? How fast are you, Miss?”
One of the City Runners looked dubiously at Ryoka. She bared her teeth.
“We’ll find out, right?”
Some people chuckled. Others just grimly checked themselves. Invrisil’s City Runners went armed. Two had crossbows like Delanay, good weapons to pull out, fire, and run. The [Mages] were murmuring.
“Here’s the plan. The Runner’s Guild has a sewer entrance as well as two exits they use if a Runner needs to slip out for a big delivery. But I’m sure the Guild has them all marked. So, we’re going to cause a distraction. Me, the [Mages], and four of the Runners are going to the sewers and pretending to try to enter the guild. We’ll use [Doppelgangers], cause a huge fuss. Run, the instant the [Assassins] come for us. Meanwhile—Delanay, Ryoka, Fierre, you all take one of the secret entrances.”
“What, a classic diversion? The second tunnel will be watched.”
“You said, ‘get Ryoka into the Guild’. Saliss of Lights has it covered. She’ll teleport out. Maybe the [Assassins] can trace it—but we’re meeting right back here. Ryoka will hop through the door and I’ll drop decoys, illusion spells—buy her an hour’s lead if we can.”
It was a plan. It was shakier than Ryoka liked, but they’d had two hours to throw it together. She nodded.
“I just need a clear spot—hell, I could do it from Invrisil if I have to. I just need the vial in my hand and a few minutes’ head start. Got it? No one risk their lives. Just run for it if they come for you.”
Everyone nodded. Ryoka sighed. She looked back, over her shoulder—and saw Redit talking with someone in the inn.
“Someone wants to go through, Innkeeper Veeid.”
“Well, wait for the door to open.”
“It’s…been off-and-on. Hold on. Can we send a [Message]…?”
Ryoka’s head turned as she felt a premonition. Apparently, the door did get activated because there was a void.
“Where is she? Where—”
“Oh no. No—”
Ryoka turned. She tried to push past Fierre to block the door, but too late. Fierre, Salamani, the Runners, and [Mages] saw the door open. And there was…
Garia Strongheart and Fals. Ryoka Griffin pointed at them.
“Absolutely not. Turn around, go back through the door—”
“You can’t stop us, Ryoka. We heard about your crazy plan. You think we’re not coming too?”
Garia was smiling. Fals looked terrified. He stared at Salamani and the other City Runners.
“We’ve had enough of being left out. We’ll help with this diversion.”
“No. You’re not—”
What, City Runners? Delanay raised his brows as he adjusted his hat.
“Your friends are welcome to join us, Ryoka. The more hands we have, the likelier it is we all live.”
Ryoka Griffin took a breath. But they were her friends! And she realized, too late, that she was being a complete hypocrite. That was what Lyonette, Erin, everyone had said to her.
“Just be careful, alright?”
“Will do. Now—”
“Excuse me. There was a queue and Erin was using the door to—sorry, are we late? I heard you needed some [Mages], Salamani. To cast some distraction spells?”
Once more, Ryoka heard a familiar voice. She turned. And there was Montressa, Palt, and Bezale. The Minotauress was cracking her knuckles.
“Not you all too.”
“Well, we figured it was join up or have Erin screaming at us when things go south. Salamani.”
“Palt.”
The two nodded at each other. Montressa waved at the other [Mages]. Beza stomped forwards. Ryoka opened her mouth—
“I fucking knew it. Brave as a [Depth Hunter] and not half the sense. Good thing we caught her! Oi, you, out of the way!”
