7.58
Page 28
Olesm’s forces were the only real hammer in terms of numbers. Bevussa’s group was trying to advance from where the magic door had let them out. But the [Assassins] had the numbers to fight on every front! How many Faces were there? How many Gold-ranks, or Grimalkins? The [Assassins] had dug into this city, fortified for an attack, if not on this level.
It was like the worst siege attacks Bevussa had known.
“We’re pinned down! Keldrass, don’t advance too far! They have us marked!”
She saw a distant window down the entire street flicker. Four hundred feet away, an [Assassin] with a bow put an enchanted arrow to the string. Bevussa swore as he took aim at the vulnerable [Mages] in the Lifwail Blades.
“Reinforce your barriers! You’re going to—”
The [Assassin] jerked. The arrow dropped from his grip and fell down. Bevussa saw it detonate on the street as the body hung from the window. She stared ahead. Her keen eyes saw…an arrow in his chest.
From who?
 
—-
 
Olesm was hunkering down as [Assassins] on the rooftops exchanged fire with the [Arbalests] at long-range. They were firing beyond what an un-Skilled [Archer] could attack from! The Earl was moving better on his street; rain and winds were assailing the [Assassins] who couldn’t see, while the group he’d taken charge of fought as if it were sunshine.
“Rotate out! [Instantaneous—”
Olesm was prepared to loose all forty long-range shots in the hopes of making the [Assassins] take cover or wounding one—but they kept dodging—and he popped out of cover with three decoys.
No crossbow bolt or arrow took his life. He looked up.
Three [Assassins] were lying on the street. The rest were fleeing. Someone was loosing arrows at them! But who—Olesm’s head turned. And then he saw and felt the battlefield shifting.
 
—-
 
“They’re drawing back.”
Wailant’s group had joined the Brothers as they made for the Guild. The [Assassins] stood in force there, a proper army. Even the Brothers had failed to advance—Wilovan pulled an arrow out of his shoulder.
“Poisoned. Would someone check if they have an antidote before I expire? I do have six hours, mind. No matter how deadly that was. No rush if anyone else is in a spot of bother.”
High-level. Wailant raised his brows. But the Gentlemen Callers, Grimalkin, and perhaps some of the Gold-ranks were few and far between. And that had been a near-instantaneous arrow-hit from one of the Faces over a thousand paces away.
“Something’s happening. They’re moving. Why?”
Montressa squinted at the [Assassins]. They’d been pushing back everyone. But now—they were moving down the street. Reacting to some new threat. Palt’s head slowly rose.
“Do you…feel that? Bezale? Mons? That can’t be real, can it?”
The other two Wistram [Mages] looked up. Montressa’s eyes went round. She’d been loosing lightning from her brass orb. Now—her jaw dropped.
“That’s—”
Wailant saw the sky change color. He looked up—and the sky turned grey.
“Weather spell?”
“The wind—”
Ryoka Griffin, crouching with them, got no further. The sky split. And a hundred bolts of lightning struck a part of the city in the distance.
Everyone looked up. Palt dropped his cigar again. Montressa breathed.
“That has to be—”
 
—-
 
Xrn. The Small Queen floated in the air over the desolation. Black bodies lay around her. She raised her staff higher.
Belgrade remembered to speak after a moment.
“Loose. [Mark Target]. Reload. Aim. Loose. [Mark Target]. Reload—”
