7.58
Page 31
The Armored Queen rumbled. The Silent Queen nodded.
“Let us make peace with the Drakes. To war.”
The Free Queen nodded. She posed there, like one of the portraits of Human leaders. She hoped Wistram Academy got her good side.
 
—-
 
Hellfire. Ryoka Griffin ran. The [Assassins] were in full retreat. The Brothers were advancing. Pressing them back with Xrn killing their best. And—a huge Drake had just appeared and killed an entire squad of them.
“Go.”
Grimalkin barked at Ryoka. He was making notes. Testing out his new camouflage-attack spell pattern. It was working well. He saw the Wind Runner making for the Guild. The Sinew Magus stared up at Xrn.
He was tempted to take his shot. But it wasn’t worth the risk.
“She unleashed the Black Tide on Invrisil. That damn—”
He turned, vanishing. The others saw Ryoka run for the Guild.
“Protect her! [Arrows of Light]!”
Palt, Montressa, Salamani, and every [Mage] present unloaded their spells to keep the [Assassins] under cover. Ryoka dove for the door. An [Assassin] leapt for her—
“Acid in the face!”
Saliss sprayed him, grabbed Ryoka, and yanked her into the Guild. Ryoka landed. She stared up at a nude Drake. He was gazing out the window as Drassi frantically commentated—
“Xrn in the skies, and it looks like Pallass as well as Celum, Liscor, Esthelm—”
“I didn’t think anyone was stupid enough to actually grab the cure. What is Erin thinking? She did this, didn’t she? I should have told her the plan! That damn Xif. I will burn down his shop and shave him naked for—oh. Don’t I know you?”
The Drake blinked at Ryoka. She stared up at him.
“The vial. The cure. I’ve come for—”
Saliss of Lights looked down at Ryoka. She saw the petrified Runner’s Guild, mostly in hiding, on the other side of the room. Two dozen [Assassins] were dead, neatly piled against the wall of the Guild. Saliss eyed Ryoka as she scrambled for the vault. The key was on the counter; the [Receptionist] had refused to even touch it.
“I’ve got it. I’ve—”
Ryoka turned the key and swung the vault door open. She reached for the vial—
Saliss caught her arm. Ryoka started. The Drake looked at her, sighed.
“No. Get lost. You suck. I want someone else.”
“Wh-what?”
Ryoka stuttered. Saliss looked at her and shook his head.
“It’d be awkward if you died. Don’t do this. It’s a trap, you know? I thought you were smart—okay, I thought someone would stop you. Why did you go for the vial? You know it’s a trap. Mrsha would know it’s a trap.”
“I had to—please, let me take it. Everyone’s fighting because of—”
Saliss threw up his claws. Ryoka seized the vial.
“I’m supposed to be the crazy one! I didn’t think Erin would—was that the Small Queen? She actually got an Antinium army to invade Invrisil. She. Is. Insane.”
He looked at Ryoka, like so many before. She just stared back, with much the same look in her eyes. Erin Solstice. One had made the cure. The other sought to deliver it. Erin—
Invrisil was at war.
“I have to try. I didn’t ask her to do this.”
Ryoka whispered. Saliss’ eyes flickered.
“You’re a good kid. Dumb as Edellein, but a good kid.”
He sighed, rubbing a claw against his snout.
“Okay. Okay. Damn. This is not how it was supposed to go. I’ll walk with you down one street. Can’t promise more than that. Honestly—you’d better start running the moment we get out of the door, Miss Griffin. And—surrender when they try to kill you, okay?”
He turned. Drassi half-swung the orb around. Then she clapped a claw towards it.
“This is Drassi. We’ve experienced technical difficulties on our end of the broadcast.”
