7.58
Page 39
The Guild was closing in again. The Drake tumbled from the bike, rolled—and Ryoka ran back for it.
Nonstop flight for nearly an hour and a half should have left Ryoka a mess, especially at a sprint—or a mad ride. But Saliss’ potions were varied and effective. She was burning with energy.
Unfortunately, the Guild was coming again.
“Looks like three dozen. Fast ones.”
They were flitting across the forest, shadowing the three. Maviola slowed.
“You idiots! Get on that bike and move!”
“Easy for you to say! You’re on a horse! I get tired!”
Saliss bellowed back. He lobbed a potion and watched in resignation as they dodged it.
They were far west of Invrisil, having cut that way rather than northwest, where all the roads were blockaded. Ryoka gritted her teeth as she leapt onto the bike.
“Here we go! I’m running out of caltrops, but I can blow them—”
“Just give me wind! I’ll burn the forest down!”
“Are you crazy?”
Maviola El was baring her teeth. Ryoka cursed as she rode forwards. Saliss was muttering.
“Lightning? Let’s see them dodge lightning…”
A ragged howl cut through the air. Ryoka jerked and Maviola looked up. She held up a hand as the three prepared to fight.
“Hold on. I think—”
The [Assassins] turned. And Ryoka saw the first bounding shape leap through the forest. The [Assassin] slashed wildly, and the dog howled, but the second and third grabbed the man and bore him down. And more—
Suddenly, there were dozens of dogs for every [Assassin]. A hundred throats howled and a huge, furred shape crashed after them.
They were on House Radivaek’s lands. Saliss whistled.
“And here I thought Gnolls only lived in the south.”
Ryoka saw the [Dog Lord] racing on all fours after his pack. The dogs tore the [Assassins] to pieces. They followed a half-man, half—
“[Beastform]. Lord Gralton!”
Maviola lifted the still-burning banner of glory. The [Lord] howled and his pack howled too. Ryoka saw the [Lord] looking at her. For Maviola? Or a delivery of aid?
She raised a hand and ran.
 
—-
 
After the second hour, the King of Destruction was made aware of the run. He roused himself from his nap.
The war in Chandrar was a background to this. After two hours—he stared at the replay of the events, a summation, and the three, continuing onwards.
Gralton’s dogs had raced with them to the edge of his lands, but even they couldn’t keep up. Flos Reimarch’s eyes narrowed.
“The Lady of the House of El? What a fine [Bannerlady] she would be. I think I met her. Fearless. Old, I thought…a Potion of Youth?”
“Yes, my King.”
Venith stood with Flos in the palace. Nerrhavia’s armies were pushing the border, but their slower-moving infantry had yet to support the marauding chariots. Soon—Flos Reimarch’s eyes narrowed.
“Is that Drake…naked?”
 
—-
 
He was incredibly naked, and the broadcast kept zooming in on the trio. Almost reflexively, Az’kerash cast a spell as they paused.
They were reapplying [Haste] spells. He saw the panting horse perk up as the [Alchemist] offered it a stamina potion. But too many and the steed would drop dead. The Humans were better—but he still saw Ryoka Griffin gulping down water.
A blur engulfed the Drake’s nether regions.
“Master, why is that Drake naked?”
“Saliss of Lights is…a unique individual.”
Az’kerash turned to Bea. He had no desire to explain the complexities of whatever Saliss was to them. But he was watching. He had been alerted despite the distractions of teaching his Chosen and working on his newest creation.
Ryoka Griffin. She should not die. Or else his plans…the [Necromancer] studied her. And so did the [Witch].
“What is this?”
