7.59
Page 37
The [Lord] nodded. He looked down at her. The wound refusing to quite heal despite the magical liquid. He spoke, slowly, memorizing her face.
“I will remember it forever. Do you have it?”
It was covered in her blood. The vial shook as she tried to lift it.
“Here. A spoonful…”
“[Healer]! Lord Veltras, she’s lost too much blood—surround the killer!”
Jericha leapt from her saddle with a second healing potion. Tyrion held up a hand.
“I will deal with that one myself. Take the cure, Jericha.”
“Yes, my lord!”
Galloping hooves. Ryoka lay there, relaxing. Was it done? Yet, the [Lord] remained a moment.
“Ryoka Griffin. Why did you take the cure to me against all these odds? For money? Fame?”
He sounded…baffled. Curious. Ryoka tried to speak. It was all…hazy.
“I need you to come to…help me. Party…”
It was really hard to explain. Tyrion’s face shifted. Grew more distant.
“Of course. Whatever it is…”
He began to rise. Ryoka murmured into the dust as people surrounded her.
“And—”
The Lord of House Veltras paused. He leaned back down. Ryoka spoke that singular truth about her. Maddening. Yet—her.
“—It was the right thing to do. Please. Take it. Save them.”
Tyrion looked at her. Then he knelt and bowed his head. He took her hand a moment.
“…Thank you. I will repay this debt.”
He rose as Ryoka Griffin closed her eyes and sighed.
It was done.
 
—-
 
The last Face of the Guild stood with arms spread. His white hair, a mark of pride, ruffled in the wind. The [Lord] had stopped to see to the Runner lying on the ground.
His soldiers waited behind him, cutting off the [Assassin]’s escape. But he had not tried to. There would be no point. Not with the [Lord] standing in front of him.
Lord Tyrion Veltras did not mount his horse. He slowly drew his sword as the limp City Runner was taken away. Or perhaps only her body?
It mattered not. The old [Assassin] called out, as the [Lord] advanced, slowly.
“I—am Ferin the Threadbearer. [Assassin] of Izril! A Face of the Guild of Assassins!”
He met the [Lord] with the lone dagger in hand. Tyrion Veltras walked forwards, lifting sword and shield. Too late, the [Assassin] realized. It was not a mark of respect. The [Lord] walked forwards.
“I have no intention of remembering your name.”
He swung his sword once. Someone handed him a bit of cloth and he tossed it down. When he turned, a nameless body lay on the ground. Blood soaking a book until the ink and parchment were useless.
 
—-
 
It took them longer to know what happened. And when it did—it was just Drassi. She stood there, as the connection cleared.
“The run is over. The Wind Runner of Reizmelt has delivered the cure to House Veltras. The Circle of Thorns and Guild of Assassins have been declared the enemy of the Five Families and all of Izril. North and south. The Moonlight Rider, Tritel, is dead. His horse, Ci, has survived. At the end of it…three Couriers stood against the Guild of Assassins to allow the Wind Runner to reach her destination. Salamani the Mage Runner, Tritel the Moonlight Rider, and Hawk the Hare.”
Selys stared at Drassi’s face. The Drake went on, soberly.
“Salamani and Hawk are alive. But injured. As for Miss Ryoka—we do not know. House Veltras reports she is in a [Healer]’s care, but she lost an…an egregious amount of blood. She has not woken up. Many people’s fates are unknown. Maviola El. Saliss of Lights…there are confirmed deaths from the fighting. The Harbormistress of First Landing, Gresaria Wellfar. The [Lord] and sole heir of House Everight, Lord Toldos…”
On the cast went. No more action. Just Drassi, listing names. The cost.
