7.59
Page 3
In that moment, Ryoka realized something. She looked after them as she let herself slow, just a tiny bit so she could see them running ahead.
They were what she wanted to be. Her admiration for them in this moment, at this time—Ryoka wanted to turn into someone like them.
…A pyromaniac old woman who had sex with Drakes way younger than her and an annoying exhibitionist streaker. Yes! No, wait.
What they really were, and revealed only when they were needed. When the chips were down and the world was ending.
Glorious.
 
—-
 
A moment. The wind blew across Ryoka, and she felt not the exhaustion in her body, or fear. She looked ahead as they broke from the forest.
Then the first arrow thunked into the ground two dozen paces ahead. The three looked up.
“Sell me to Salazsar! Break’s over! They’ve found us!”
Saliss threw a potion before Ryoka had even processed the figures ahead of her. They hadn’t expected his reaction. Nor the speed at which the potion travelled, as fast as the bolts. And the range—
[Remote Detonation]. The flask bloomed ahead of Ryoka and Maviola as they turned left. Then saw—there was no need.
The group of six had been stationed as a sort of checkpoint on the road ahead, a vantage point, sighting for the three. Saliss’ explosion of yellow covered the group of [Assassins] in the tower of stone. Ryoka saw them tumbling off the fortification.
“What did you hit them with?”
“Spores! Don’t run that way! Blow the wind the other way!”
Ryoka raised her hand. The wind blew the yellow cloud away as Maviola ignited her Kaalblade again, pointing a finger to use her [Fast Fireball] spell—
None of the figures got up. They lay, twitching. Ryoka stared at Saliss. He was looking around, upwards, as if trying to find scrying spells.
“That’s torn it. They’ll notice the dead [Assassins] fast—especially if they had lifestones on them. Let’s move. Ryoka?”
“On it. Maviola—”
She tossed the scroll from her belt. The [Lady] caught it, unfurled it.
“[Minute of Speed]—”
The wind blew at their backs, changing from the ordinary weather patterns and the gentle breeze. The three accelerated, under the effects of potions and Skills. They had to beat the closing net as the Circle reacted.
The scrying orb in Saliss’ claw lit up.
 
—-
 
“Magic detected! They’ve found them!”
Lyonette’s head jerked up from dozing. Palt was shouting. The [Princess] heard the common room come alive. The vigil broken.
Someone tumbled out of her room and clashed down the stairs. A Gnoll, who’d fallen asleep with the help of a [Sleep] spell, woke, and raced after Erin.
The broadcast by Wistram revealed the three again. Saliss, Maviola, Ryoka—Drassi and Sir Relz weren’t even talking. They were just watching with everyone else.
“They found them!”
The [Scrying] spell was watching from above. Wistram must have decided that they weren’t endangering the three. And it was easy to see why—
Another bloom of light, from a [Fireball]. Maviola El pointed and blew some [Riders] away. More flashes—
Saliss’ potions. He was scattering them at the distant figures, who were reluctant to approach. You couldn’t have missed it. The Guild was homing in on them again.
“Oh no. They found them!”
Erin saw Ryoka running, aiming a wand and shooting arrows of magic at the [Assassins].
“How’d they find them?”
“They must have run into them by accident. Can they get away?”
“—sorry, everyone. We’re watching the Guild of Assassins and the three—Runners—they’ve just been intercepted!”
Drassi’s voice broke through the silence. She looked around and Sir Relz sat up.
