7.59
Page 38
Erin sat there. How many of her friends had fallen? Ryoka? Mrsha was crying and being hugged. The others were murmuring as they finally counted the costs.
But the delivery was done. And—not all of them had fallen. Not all. Born of the wind that had rushed from Invrisil to House Veltras were deaths, tragedy, brave acts. They died and some continued.
 
—-
 
Ser Kerrig raised his head as he stood over Dame Truvia. The [Knights] of Izril had borne a bloody cost from this one battle.
“There should have been ten times our number. A hundred.”
He spoke to a silent [Knight] of the Clairei Fields, the only one to survive of her Order. The woman nodded silently.
There would be. Knight-Commander Calirn looked at Izril, at the brave souls. For the first time, he removed the tome in his Order’s hallowed library. To consult their laws on the establishing of a new branch, a new headquarters of his order. Or perhaps—another?
 
—-
 
“She replaced me. Bethal. Pryde. All of them moved for her. She left a trail of blood to do it.”
“Not what you would have done?”
Magnolia Reinhart shook her head.
“I would have let one man suffer. Two children die if it came to that. The Flowers of Izril—at least two dozen lie dead. The Guild is in ruins. And the Circle…”
She turned away.
“Perhaps I lacked her courage for such things. I…”
She trailed off. What else could be said? She disagreed. She disagreed with Erin. But she had left. So she turned back.
“I cede it to Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin. Let us go to Oteslia, Ressa.”
She looked at a stranger, who sat there in the mirror. A girl with a white flag—Magnolia had never been that. But the person upon whom Izril had once turned? Magnolia Reinhart looked away.
 
—-
 
Life. Damned life. Flourishing like a weed, despite the vines and shadows trying to choke it. To what end? Why, when so many had died and they had tried to be the ones to pay the price that had to be paid?
Why, fate? She stood amid the ashes, howling upwards at the sky. A burned landscape of ash around her.
Maviola El.
“Not here? Not yet? Where am I supposed to die?”
The [Lady] wept. For her friend. For uncertainty and the future. For power—how was she supposed to spend it, if not here? Was there a plan?
 
—-
 
Rain fell in other places. Born up by completely natural cycles. Evaporating, condensing, emitting drops from the heavens. Not made of magic; no more tampering with the heavens today.
The river had been diverted by the massive explosion that had consumed the area. Already—a lake was forming. A trench, carved of the forces wrought here.
It had changed the world in no small way. In later days, they would go on to call it ‘Saliss’ Wake’. After the Named Adventurer who had created it.
A Drake’s touch in Human lands. But for now, the waters rushed into the gap in the ground as most of the alchemical elements dispersed—or, troublingly—sunk to the bottom of the new body of water. Then moved on, streaming downriver.
The rain fell. Drizzling, rather than pouring. It carried debris, bodies downriver, another hazard. Casualty of war.
A body floated in the water. After a while, it spat out some of the water. Saliss of Lights floated downstream.
“…Water is wet.”
He made no effort to swim. Just floated downriver until someone found him. He felt sort of relaxed after all that.
 
—-
 
Some lived, some died. But the run of it, ah. Mihaela Godfrey was short of breath. She had dragged herself out of her bed, despite her broken legs. The Runner’s Guild of First Landing had reclaimed a fraction of its pride in the fight for the city.
