7.59
Page 6
Together, they were stronger than the parts. Well—perhaps Saliss was better on his own. But she wasn’t useless!
“Lake! Around or over? Saliss?”
Maviola pointed ahead. Past the open grassland by the forest was a lake. They were avoiding the road which the [Assassins] were flooding down. The [Alchemist] didn’t hesitate.
“Around! You idiots don’t know how to [Waterwalk] even if I splash you!”
“That’s something you have to practice too?”
Ryoka shouted. The milling archery group was stymied behind them and she had a moment of relief. Another encounter down. How many more to go?
“Of course! You think you can just walk on water? It’s slippery when wet! And it’s always—”
“To the right. They’ve flanked us.”
Maviola’s voice stopped Saliss and Ryoka. They turned. A group had emerged from the lake they were moving around.
They hadn’t walked on water. They had disguised themselves, hiding under the surface to bait the three into passing close by. Now—they shook water from themselves, took aim.
“Ah. Get behind m—”
Saliss was reaching for a tonic. Ryoka heard the twang.
 
—-
 
The second flight of bolts hit the Drake for the first time. He’d thrown himself in front of the young woman.
“He’s immune to poisons! Saliss of Lights is not downed—he’s on his feet! Running—but—”
Sir Relz’s voice faltered. Cara saw the young Human woman yanking him up, onto the back of the [Lady]’s horse as the Drake yanked the arrows out of his scales. The horse slowed, and the Wind Runner pointed back. The wind blew the second volley off-target. She rode—the metal-and-wood vehicle’s wheels flashing.
“That’s a bike.”
The Singer of Terandria looked at Ryoka Griffin from her trailer in distant Terandria. She felt like she hadn’t blinked or looked away from the orb since being roused by an urgent [Message] from Wistram.
She hadn’t said that. One of the others in the room, the silent audience of Earthers, had muttered that. Cara didn’t need to say ‘that was a bike’. She had eyes. But she thought—
That’s ‘batman’?
She had never talked to the person that Aaron, Blackmage, had referenced in their chats. Like Cara—the other had learned to distrust Wistram’s involvement. But there she was, apparently. There was some trust, something between her and Aaron. The Singer of Terandria saw her fighting.
Brave. Stupid. Some mix of the two, or something else.
“They’re in trouble. They’re out of buffs.”
“Shut up, Greg. This isn’t a game.”
Thien rounded on the guitarist. Cara said nothing. So—this was the Wind Runner of Reizmelt? It was a good post for someone from Earth. And this was where she was.
“Add her to the list, Abebi.”
“Is she going to make it? They’re being attacked—”
Rae looked worriedly at the image. Cara had a moment’s thought. Any Earther who saw this—would know Ryoka Griffin’s name. Even more than they knew the Singer. A bike. She had to be desperate.
Well. Cara had thought that Ryoka—‘batman’—was a secretive, even paranoid sort. But then, it fit the description of a crazy person who ran around in a bat-costume punching people.
“Turn that off, Abebi. The rest of you—with me.”
Cara sighed. The others looked at her.
“Cara! You’re not going to watch?”
“Watching does nothing. Thien, get your drums. Greg, guitar. Everyone, get set up.”
The band looked at Cara. It was night! Not that they couldn’t conjure an audience; the crowds followed them everywhere. But…Abebi looked at Cara.
“What’s up, Cara?”
The [Popstar] walked outside.
“Hey! Set up the stage! Hurry!”
She bellowed, and the caravan woke up. The [Singer] looked around. Makeup, dress—
“What are you going to do, Cara?”
