7.59
Page 5
The [Bard] looked up. Erin’s head turned. So many people here. All feeling what she was feeling.
What Izril was feeling. Look at her. Maviola’s banner was aflame again. Kaalblade in her hand, banner in the other.
“That’s a lightsaber, isn’t it? Not as cool, but—she never told us. Think I can buy one?”
Kevin muttered to Rose. She made no reply. She, like the rest, was watching. Helpless. But they wanted to help. Erin tightened her grip.
It was enough. She had not called an army to Izril unbidden. Lord Toldos had not died alone. Poor Redit, Teor—
They had not fought for her alone. It was too much.
This could not continue any longer. That was what Izril felt, surely. Erin only wished—she looked up as the luck began to run out.
 
—-
 
It was inevitable. Saliss was a Named Adventurer. But he had a limit on his potions. They were moving fast, high-level, burning artifacts. But you couldn’t expect to run through a gunfight without being shot. Let alone so many encounters.
The first arrow struck Maviola in the shoulder. She cried out. And a second one hit her in the back.
Long-range shots. They didn’t go through. She yanked them out, grabbing for a potion.
“Poison.”
“Damn. Drink this!”
Saliss flipped a potion at her. A glowing cure-all. Maviola drank it, coughed—Ryoka saw some of the color return. Then a healing potion.
“[Volley: Venom Flight]!”
“Get out of range!”
Saliss threw a potion up. It blew most of the arrows apart, but more were landing. The [Assassins] had mobilized and they were using Skills.
They weren’t idiots. They were attacking further than Saliss or the other two could easily hit them. Crossbows, bows—Ryoka saw a flicker.
A [Longbow Assassin] forced the coach to stop as he drew an arrow. He was aiming at her. She blew at him and the wind rocked the coach. But too far away for her to control. He checked himself—loosed—
“[Forceshield]—”
The scroll in her hand glowed. Ryoka saw the barrier appear. The arrow blew through it. [Piercing Arrow], [Longrange Shot], and—
Someone tossed a vial on her. Ryoka jerked—
The arrow struck her in the chest. The spinning tip dug into her flesh, lodged—Ryoka yanked the arrow out. Stared at it. Then she whirled.
Saliss lowered the vial as Maviola pulled herself upright.
“[Alchemy: Shortened Span] for [Doubled Efficacy]. I’m out of defensive toughening potions. No more [Ironscales], [Barkskin]—I knew I should have kept some instead of selling them all at once.”
“Ride.”
Maviola gasped. The [Longbow Assassin] was reloading. Ryoka ran.
“I’m sorry.”
He’d wasted his supply of potions on her and Maviola. Alone, the Drake wouldn’t have burned through his stash.
“Nah. I was already low. Just don’t get hit. The potion’s already worn off.”
It was true. And the [Archers]…Ryoka gritted her teeth.
“Blow, wind! Please!”
She emptied her bag of holding. The group of archers looked ahead and saw the three vanish for a second. A cloud of dirt and sand and caltrops shot at them. Horses and the unguarded figures screamed as the whirlwind engulfed them.
“Let’s go!”
Ryoka pointed ahead. All of her tricks, all of the other’s…this wasn’t a sprint, or a covert run.
It was a marathon. And the trouble with marathons was that you got tired. You had to manage your strength for the entire run. If they stumbled at any point in this run—
Maviola El looked at the cloud of dust. She snapped her fingers. Ryoka saw a jet of red fire, bright red, unnaturally—
Thump. The detonation was a dust-cloud explosion. It didn’t kill all the [Assassins], but—Ryoka looked at Maviola as they ran.
