7.59
Page 2
Saliss pinched Ryoka’s cheek gently. She punched at him as they ran, but he just stepped away. Ryoka turned beet red.
“I mean it!”
“I know you do. Which makes it all the more precious.”
Maviola drawled as she leaned on her horse’s saddle, resting despite the fast-moving mare. Saliss was chortling.
“Doesn’t it remind you of—‘no, keep going! I’ll hold them off! Don’t worry about me!’”
He looked at Maviola. This time the [Lady] nearly fell off her horse, she was laughing so hard. Ryoka opened and shut her mouth, turning from beet to lobster to tomato in order of embarrassment.
They weren’t taking her seriously! No—no, the problem was, they were. But they were like her. Saliss rolled his eyes at Ryoka.
“I said something like that the first time I was in a situation like this, oh—twenty years ago. I was just a kid and there I was, potion in my claw—”
He laughed. Maviola nodded.
“A battalion of Drakes, for me. Gresaria and I were arguing about who’d stay back to hold the lines.”
They laughed. Ryoka stared at them. They’d done it before. That was why they laughed. Saliss’ head turned and he grinned at her with all his teeth.
“We’re not mocking you, Ryoka. Not too much. We’re going to live. Or die. But you’re the kid who thinks the world revolves around her. Who thinks she’s the only hero. And the truth is, it’s actually me.”
He spread his arms wide, raising them, running like a marathon runner finishing first. Self-absorbed—Maviola was guffawing. Arrogant.
They had done this kind of thing before. Ryoka was the junior. They were teasing her. And it was a terrible combination.
One was a grandmother, a great grandmother, the worst of all when she was affectionate. The other was Saliss.
“A delightful child.”
Maviola El was chortling. Ryoka would have given anything for a [Witch] to appear and attack them right now. Then she looked at Ryoka, the mirth fading.
“I called you many names, Ryoka. You were a silly girl for how you did it. But the why? The courage to do so?”
She dipped her head, straining. And then she was the [Lady] who had conjured fire, called the Five Houses to arms. The banner she had carried lay spent, the cloth long burned away. But it would ignite before the end.
“I understand everything about why you ran.”
That was all she said. But it was so much more. She looked at Ryoka, the Wind Runner. I know you, Maviola’s eyes told the younger woman. I know your fears, why you had to do it.
We are alike.
Ryoka could barely meet the gaze. This was a different Maviola El. Not the young woman of Ryoka’s age. But neither the woman at the end of her life. Some blend of the two.
Saliss nodded. He looked at Ryoka and shook his head.
“Don’t talk about who’s dying first, Ryoka. That means it’s you. Think on how to live. Believe it—or you’ll be too slow when the moment comes. I’ve been in this kind of situation more than once. Until the moment when you die—believe you’re going to make it.”
He looked ahead, embarrassed himself to be that genuine. Ryoka saw Maviola El gazing ahead as Saliss checked the orb. Speculating on their next route.
“Vail Forest is how we should cut to House Veltras. Scrying spells will fail if we can make it into the deeper areas where the magic is still strong.”
“Never been. Think we can stop for ingredients?”
“On the way back. Try not to burn it down.”
“Look who’s talking.”
“I tried, once—I misspeak. Not tried—”
Ryoka saw them looking ahead, pointing. Talking with a mix of bravado and hope. Not fearless, but…
