7.59
Page 32
Lightning was striking the ground for countless miles around. Illuminating the world in moments of light. Everything else was dark. Rain soaked Ryoka in an instant, freezing her. The wind wasn’t smashing her against the glider—yet.
She refused to let go. Her harness creaked. Ryoka searched for some landmark to steer towards. But the world was a howling oblivion.
“The ground…oh no.”
The rain intensified. And Ryoka—suddenly—lost track of the ground. It became a dark, rainy abyss below her. She had no idea where she was. And the wind refused to let her down.
“Closer to the ground? Please? Pl—”
Up. Everything she had ever feared. She had done shorter glides—but anything over fifty feet and the wind changed. It grew wilder. And—
Suddenly, a gust hit the fragile glider and Human. The wind slammed into her. It was fierce, unrestricted. Not kind, up here. She felt her grip slipping and held on for her life.
“No, no, put me down, put me—”
She flew higher. Above the magic trying to strike her far below. The wind carried her up, delighting in her, toying with the little craft in its skies.
There was both malice and innocence there. But it did not see her as—a fragile mortal. She had called it as the fae did. And it bore her upwards.
—too high too fast—
A mile in a second. Too fast. Too—her ears popped again. Ryoka left her mind thousands of feet behind her. The wind was pulling at her. What a strange intruder in its skies! It listened to her will—ignored it.
She couldn’t breathe. Frost was chilling the glider and her—hands—the grip loosened and it was only the belt and straps keeping her attached—
She woke up when she dropped. Down again. Following some current. Now—she was afraid. Ryoka tried to push at the wind, then persuade.
“Listen to me. Please—”
The typhoon wrapped around her, blowing her at speeds that strained her vessel’s ability to move. Ryoka couldn’t even inhale the rushing wind.
Suddenly—the air was angry. She felt its wrath, like a voice thundering in the void.
How dare you order me around? The wind is not your toy or thing to be commanded. How dare you, insignificant speck. I could splatter you—
Or was it even listening? Had she any command over it? She could speak to the wind. Not give it orders. Why had she ever—
Another snap of the winds that hurled her through the air. Limply, Ryoka clung to the glider with one hand. She was reaching for something. She had to—
She thought she heard laughter. Not hers. Something in the storm?
Lightning flashed.
What was that shape? Larger than clouds.
Were they laughing at her?
Something around her. Ryoka gasped for air. Was that snow? No—
“Ivolethe?”
She drew the little figurine from her belt pouch. For a moment, the wind seemed to calm. Ryoka clutched at it.
And her fingers, wet with rain, slipped. The icy figurine vanished from her fingers. Ryoka cried out. No!
The tiny statuette fell, glittering. She reached for it, as the blackness creeping around her vision made everything but that statuette a void.
Not that. Please! She saw—
The statuette stopped in the air. It came back to her, borne by a gentle breeze amid the storm. Ryoka grabbed at it. How…?
The cold burned her skin. And she realized—the wind had heard her. Her desperation. She looked around, and her eyes cleared.
She felt them still. Like distant lighthouses amid the sea in the sky. Wistram, Fissival, this Circle, countless more. Wrestling with each other, trying to tame the magical typhoon. Grand [Mages] and fools with weather scrolls. And the wind was fighting them.
