7.59
Page 21
It exploded into a shower of debris, raining down. The figures on the ground looked back—and then ahead. The harbor swarmed with [Sailors] and crew. They gave no quarter.
A dozen of the Flowers of Izril lay dead as the Guild in First Landing was obliterated. Among them, Gresaria and Regein Wellfar. Say it again, as the Five Families’ wrath finally, finally came to bear.
Enough.
 
—-
 
Maviola El’s head turned blindly as they ran. For a moment, stumbling, running, she whispered.
“Gresaria?”
Her heart. Her pulse, thudding in her veins. Blood, iron in her mouth. Her heart—
Breaking. Who had ever said miracles were easy to make possible? Ryoka ran ahead of Maviola. She turned.
“Hurry! Maviola—”
The [Lady] just wasn’t as fast as her, potions or not. Maviola forced herself to run faster, trying to copy Ryoka’s stride. Behind them—Saliss’ detonation still hung in the air. A cloud visible, alchemical fumes creating something no one could predict as it settled upon the land and creatures.
Of such things new species might be born, or naught but desolation. But right now—
A carriage thundered after them. Another damned one! How many were there? This one looked—stolen. Not the Guild’s signature color. Just some poor traveller—killed so the [Assassins] could catch up.
An arrow flew; Ryoka called the wind and it snapped in the air. She tried to blow the coach off-target, but it was too heavy. Maviola turned.
Kaalblade. She was aiming for the wheels. The driver was trying to run her over.
“Maviola, dodge!”
Ryoka grabbed for a wand. She saw a flash from behind her and threw herself sideways. Another carriage! No, no—and the Faces were closing—
“Stay low! [Impact Reflection]!”
The [Driver] bellowed. Ryoka saw Maviola’s eyes widen as the [Assassin]’s carriage turned, desperately.
Too late. The second carriage smashed into the first, but all the force of the impact was thrown back—Ryoka saw the [Assassin]’s vehicle crumple, figures, wood—pulped and thrown like toys.
“Lords of Flame!”
Maviola El shouted. She whirled, glowing weapon in hand. But the carriage was turning.
“Wind Runner, Lady El! Heard you needed a ride!”
The [Driver] bellowed. Ryoka looked up.
Termin?
No. She had no idea who the woman was. She stared for a second, aiming her wand uncertainly.
“Who are—?”
“Overnight Carriages, Miss! You getting in or what?”
Ryoka looked at Maviola. The [Lady] was laughing. And weeping for her friend. She grabbed the opened doors, swung herself up.
“Go! To House Veltras!”
The Wind Runner leapt as the [Driver] urged the carriage into motion. She climbed on.
“But why?”
 
—-
 
Because they were watching. Because Gresaria Wellfar had helped light the spark. Because—they were tired too.
Any reason you wanted. They all counted. The Faces saw the carriage departing, moving with frantic speed.
“[Shatterbolt]!”
Frustrated, the [Mage] among them loosed a spell at the carriage’s back. The spell blasted through the wood, but only ripped the back open of the carriage. Ferin saw a familiar face.
“Who is that? The overnight carriage service? We’ll kill every damn one of them!”
“And who’ll take us to our jobs? They’re all turning against us!”
Mire looked around. No one answered. A [Fireball] came shooting out of the carriage’s back. The Faces dodged it, and pursued.
Falling apart. They felt helpless, and they were the Faces of the Guild of Assassins! They could not stop the fire engulfing Izril, even as desperate [Messages] told them to come back, guard the Guild’s assets—
The headquarters in First Landing was gone. Their gold, gone! Artifacts, new recruits—
