7.59
Page 13
Saliss waited for laughter. But it was a tough crowd. He looked over his shoulder. That cute little Runner was staring at him. He smiled at her, marking her position. A vial slipped into his claw. Damn. Three for all of them. He nearly forgot the horse. His entire stock. One less weapon, then.
Okay. It was okay. The Drake looked at the [Assassins].
“I know you don’t know why I came north. Or made the cure. I cared and didn’t about those Human kids. I could say I wanted to win a victory. Do something right. But the truth is…I just really want to kill something. I have to be honest.”
The Drake flicked his wrists. The [Assassins] stirred—but the three vials hit Maviola, Ryoka, and the horse. They vanished.
[Invisibility]? Hah! The [Assassins] turned to their experts with [See Invisibility], [Heatsense], and…the senior Faces hesitated.
They were gone. Saliss of Lights bared his teeth.
[Greater Invisibility]. You low-level idiots. His only doses. A Named-Rank’s equipment. He really did need to shave Xif when he got back. It would have been so easy.
But here they were. The Drake spread his arms. And he had a potion in both claws. The [Assassins] were milling. Some barking orders.
“Find them! Comb each spot by hand if you have t—”
The first group of horses and riders vanished. The army wavered as Saliss advanced. The Drake was suddenly growing taller. Changing. He looked down on them all and they stared at a better, more experienced killer than any of them.
“I’m not going anywhere. And neither are you. I told you: I wanted to kill something. Now, tell me. Are you those things?”
For just a second, their morale looked like it might break. Then—the first hail of arrows flew. The first rank charged. Saliss threw vials. Not one from each claw, but a spray. Eight, clutched between both his claw’s fingers. Then eight again. Scattering them like a [Farmer] sowed seeds.
People vanished. Monsters died. Spells collided with bound magic and warped. The Drake spun.
Faster. He tracked where the other three were fleeing, running forwards. His scales were like iron. Chaldion was trying to protect him. The Drake felt something break the scales on his back.
No Minotaur-Drake hybrid this time. No Grimalkin-proxy. The [Assassins] looked up as a figure rose. From his back, one of the [Alchemist]’s tentacles, like an octopus, hurled a vial which bloomed into deadly gas.
“More hands.”
The Named Adventurer felt the first arrows bounce off his amphibian skin. Someone lanced his leg with a glowing blade. He aimed at nothing and no one. He just scattered his potions to the winds and destroyed everything around him. Couldn’t do that with the two Humans, could you?
They came for his life. Attacking the figure made of flesh and bone as if it mattered. They drew blood, cut and burned and stabbed. But so what?
It was just Saliss.
 
—-
 
The Drake was fighting. Ryoka ran, deafened by the explosions. Invisible, thanks to his gift.
Maviola rode ahead, but Ryoka kept looking back.
They were killing him. Too many arrows, too many Skills and spells. For every potion he threw, there were a dozen counterattacks.
He stood in the center of their army and destroyed them. But he had overplayed his power from the start. Killed too many.
They were prepared.
“[Resist Element: Acid]. [Flame Salamander’s Skin]! Potion of Lightning’s Bane! Go, go!”
One of the [Assassin] groups was protecting themselves as Ryoka ran past them. The wind was howling, but the [Alchemist] was changing both the landscape and weather, unleashing bound lightning and fire. Yet the figures leapt through the blaze.
