7.59
Page 16
“It had a Companion’s Saddle. Lady Ieka’s. That damned horse thief must have chosen it for that. She’s stolen more horses over her life…mine included.”
Horse before rider. Another cruelty born out of necessity. Like a [Captain] that sacrificed his ship at sea. It should not happen except for when there was no other choice.
Onwards, then, on foot. Maviola ran, Ryoka urging her on. But they were slowing. Saliss had given them his Potions of Haste so they could use them by themselves and they had stamina potions of their own.
But the Faces were fresh and fast. The lead was shrinking. Even as unseen rulers and leaders swatted down some of the longest-range attacks. Another bolt of magic appeared, but an [Assassin] cut it in half with his sword, weathering the detonation and arcing electricity with no more than a wince.
It burned Gresaria to see that, like one of Maviola’s flames of memory. The world was shaming the Humans of Izril! Even now, the Five Families and Izril cowered while the King of Destruction and fools from afar had more bravery!
Some had been brave, like Gralton Radivaek. But Invrisil had been filled with few Humans and more outsiders. Drakes had fought to do the right thing.
“A disgrace.”
The Harbormistress of First Landing would have jumped on her chariot and ridden herself with her guards to battle. But—she was in First Landing. Even if she had a week, she might miss the desperate chase.
She felt old, watching Maviola run, as young as she had been a lifetime ago. Gresaria also understood why Izril had lain silent for so long, why they still teetered on the edge. Let the King of Destruction weigh in, other, distant rulers.
…They were not in danger. Gresaria understood that well enough. Bravery from a distant armchair was not bravery at all. Those who stood up here would fight the Guild at their most desperate.
Death. Maviola had stirred the will of the Five Families. But like always, she was a flighty rush, all hot air, sometimes lacking substance. The [Harbormistress] leaned on her desk, in her office in the harbor of the greatest city of the north.
“All fire and no dignity. That’s Maviola. You need to give them a push along with the speech. Idiot.”
She spoke almost fondly to Maviola. Slowly, Gresaria rose. She used the spear she carried like a walking staff. She left the office, and stepped into the light.
The harbor of First Landing was a grand place. Hundreds of ships could dock at once. The city was more fortified than any but a Walled City, especially after the Goblin King’s ravages.
The ancient seat of power for the Five Families. Even now—most of their people lived to the north, where they had first settled. Invrisil was a newer bed of power for those like Magnolia.
Gresaria blinked in the light. How long had she been [Harbormistress]? After winning Regein from Maviola—after settling down from being a young [Lady], always galloping around, causing trouble, her position as a member of House Wellfar—however distant—had meant she obtained the job.
True, she had Skills to match. But no [Harbormistress] was chosen of common stock. It was a prestigious job. When she talked—the touchy [Captains] from around the world, on ships glorious and humble, listened. She controlled who came in and out. She made sure illicit cargo was not let into her home, or taken out.
When criminals tried to flee at sea, it was the [Harbormistress] who locked the gates to the harbor. When siege came by sea—enemy armies from other continents, she stood against them.
“What a boring job.”
