7.59
Page 33
Fighting—fighting magic, fighting the mortals that tried to control it. No wonder it was so mad. Even Ryoka. You couldn’t demand things, even if you said please.
“I see.”
She thought she said it. Ryoka held onto the figurine. Then she put it away. She stopped trying to force the wind. She trusted to it—
And the gales stopped. The wind that buffeted her, resisting her commands saying, ‘go here, go there, slow me, send me up, send me down’, relaxed.
She had no right to be up here, flying, and expect it to treat her like a mortal who needed not to be sent at the speed the wind always travelled. She did not know these winds, which blew at speeds unseen faster than anything else.
She was the breeze of the ground. So—if you would kindly forgive my mistake—
The wind was a capricious, gracious host. Its fury relented. And like that—the typhoon slowed. The magic caught in it evaporated. Ryoka felt the rains stop. The charge in the air dissipated.
Gently—she fell to earth. She thought—
 
—-
 
“Ivol…?”
I thought I heard her voice, up there. In between slipping in and out of the world. Perhaps it was all in my mind. Or the truth lies between faith and magic.
My feet are bloody as the ground comes towards me. My body too tired for me to feel it. It doesn’t matter. The run has to be completed.
The delivery. I hold the figurine for a moment. Wondering if she’ll speak to me again.
Ivolethe?
“I will see you soon.”
Then I touch the ground. I stumble, as I land. The wrecked glider lands around me and I let it lie. I feel like a stranger, rooted to the earth as I stumble forwards.
I don’t know where I am. I could have been blown all the way to the east of Izril. I could be in Drake lands. I could be on Earth.
The grass pricks my feet. Unpleasant, painful. I ignore it, the blood. The bike…
I’m setting it up as they find me. So fast. I turn, raising my hands. Not fair! Not…
A sheep stares at me. It goes ‘bah’. I sit down.
“Five Families.”
A voice speaks. I look around as the sun edges out more. And I realize—
I’m in a pasture. A gate’s open. And a man, a [Shepherd], is staring at me with wide eyes. I try to speak, and croak.
“Where—where am I?”
The stunned man and his herd of curious sheep surround me. The fellow scratches at his head. Then he looks at me. Clears his throat.
“Six miles outside of House Veltras’ lands, Miss. The Forest of Vail lies ahead. If you go around it—you’ll reach your destination.”
“My…how do you know that?”
I’m afraid, for one second, that I’m being toyed with by some sinister [Sheep Assassin]. But the [Shepherd] just shakes his head.
“All of Izril knows of you, Miss Wind Runner. Hurry. Do you need—”
He reached for a potion, but I’m already on the bike. The end of my journey waits for me. Just a bit longer, Ivolethe.
 
—-
 
“They don’t know where the Runner is, milord.”
A voice pierced the boy’s mind. Coming from far away. He heard the sounds of despair in a voice that had never held it for him.
His father’s. Hethon Veltras lay in a bed far too hot. He was…dying. It was not slow, or silent.
He was coughing so hard he couldn’t inhale. A [Healer] was desperately trying to get him to breathe. Sammy—Sammial was worse.
“They have no time. Lord Veltras—”
“It’s—”
The [Lord] was turning, trying to do something. But the typhoon had obscured hope once more. Hethon struggled to say it, through his swollen throat. Just for a moment, he’d felt it. The burning that had consumed him—had been relieved.
“It’s cool.”
No one heard him. But Sammy—Hethon’s closed eyes roamed, searching. He tried to tell them, but he was too tired.
