7.59
Page 4
“Y-yes. They appear to have been caught out after nearly four hours of silence. We didn’t reveal them—it looks like the Guild is deploying every [Assassin] they have. That’s…a lot of them.”
[Riders]. People in those unmarked carriages. Erin’s hands tightened. The Guild was coming after the three. [Assassins] were firing crossbows, shooting spells back, but Saliss was keeping them all back by the sheer firepower the Drake was laying out. Anything that tried to get closer than four hundred feet was almost instantly blown apart.
But he didn’t have unlimited potions. Erin’s hands clenched.
“Can nothing be done?”
Pawn was standing with Lyonette. He was praying, but he was looking around. Lyonette was mumbling.
“I tried to give her my—”
Erin stepped forwards. She put her hand on the mirror.
“Hey! Stop blocking the screen!”
Someone shouted. Mrsha ran over to punch whoever it was. Erin ignored them. She looked at Ryoka, tossing the spent wand and grabbing another one.
“[Boon of the Guest].”
The other guests turned. Montressa jerked upright. Lyonette swung around.
“Erin…?”
Ryoka kept running. Erin saw her stumble, point—an [Assassin] was blown off her horse by a sudden jet of wind. Ryoka ran ahead, pumping her arms and legs—
Erin didn’t see anything different. She shook her head. She hadn’t felt the sense she got with Skills, either, like when she threw a [Minotaur Punch].
“I must be too far away. Or there’s something—”
“That’s a new Skill.”
“Yeah.”
The [Innkeeper] didn’t even look at Lyonette. She clenched her fists. She felt helpless. And everyone here—she looked around.
Palt, Montressa, Bezale, Ulinde and Jelaqua, who had changed bodies—Fierre, who had reappeared after being buried by rubble, staring at her friend, leaving only Salamani missing—Menolit, Pawn, Yellow Splatters, Xrn, Olesm, Grimalkin—
“If they were in the south, the Walled Cities could do more. Long-range casting—Fissival is out of range. Spells have their limits. So do Skills—unless there’s a connection.”
The [Sinew Magus] was conferring with the others. Erin saw, with a slight shock, he was talking with a man she knew. A new guest of the inn. But a friend, almost certainly.
Earl Altestiel nodded.
“My storm skill only extends to, well, a hundred miles around me at the furthest I could ‘throw it’. And they would have to be in my army for my Skills or those of my [Strategists]. A hundred miles. I never thought that would be too short range.”
“What about the door? Could we overcharge the enchantment? We have more mana—”
“You cannot simply overcharge a spell. You are talking about the limitation of the bindings, not a lack of mana.”
Hedault interrupted Selys. The Drake looked around helplessly.
“Well, we have to do something! Let’s go raid Magnolia Reinhart’s mansion—see if she has a spare carriage!”
“She took it. Even if someone could shapeshift into a bird—they wouldn’t catch up in time to help. Hope they run into Vail Forest, little land friend, Mrsha. There is a Circle there.”
Nalthaliarstrelous. Even he was here. Erin saw a Gold-rank team talking with Todi’s Elites. Jewel, a Gold-rank Captain who had joined the fighting in Invrisil—
People had helped fight the [Assassins] that even Erin hadn’t seen. People she hadn’t asked. The [Druid] had crushed an entire part of the city by himself. So many, here for the same reason.
Watching. Lord Alman Sanito and his wife stared at Numbtongue, who was whispering with Badarrow. They had come to bury Lord Toldos.
“…how many? Big? Can they fly…?”
“Too slow. Fat, heavy. Good for carrying—not good catching.”
