7.59
Page 19
“Do you see anyone behind me, assassin? It seems the Five Families’ blood runs thin of late. Alone, then. And alone I would defy you to the last! I bow to no petty blades in the dark.”
“You have been warned.”
He vanished. Grimly, Gresaria set herself. The streets were clearing. Someone was calling her name. Trying to get her to stop.
“Mother—”
She swatted him back. Pointed her spear.
“Stay back. Unless you want to ride with me, Etril.”
Like he had as a boy. The [Lord] struggled. He reached for the reins, the chariot. But too late. Gresaria snapped the reins and the stallions broke into a trot. And then a gallop. He ran after her. Gresaria listened, but kept her eyes ahead.
Courage. And fury. The [Captains] aboard their vessels stirred. The Harbormistress was riding her chariot down the streets. Alone. Towards the place where the Guild of Assassins made their lair.
“Children of Wellfar. Let me show you what courage you’ve forgotten—”
Gresaria’s shout cut off. She tried to turn. But the first arrow struck true.
One of her horses screamed and collapsed. The other a second later, destroyed by the ray of gray-brown light. The chariot skidded; Gresaria leapt clear before it could overturn.
The nobility of Izril stared in horror. The [Harbormistress] landed. She whirled her spear up, blocked an arrow.
“Harbormistress—”
A cry from the docks. The [Captains] were shouting at her now, with the crews. Retreat!
Gresaria refused. She advanced. A second arrow landed—striking her in the shoulder. Her skin, tough as armor, caught the arrow. She blocked the spell instead. Her spear’s magic screamed as the enchantment resisted the spell.
“Wellfar! Wellfar and Iz—”
He appeared like a sigh. The same figure who had warned her, for all his face and body were covered by shadowy armor. She knew it.
A shortsword in his hand. Gresaria lanced out with her spear.
“[Tempest T—”
She stopped. A shortsword in his hand. It lodged in her heart. The old [Harbormistress] felt it stop.
What a beautiful blow. What Skill. She could almost admire—
The moan rose from the docks. From the streets. A cry of loss. Gresaria did not reach for the blade. She felt the cold steel in her chest. Felt her body freezing.
Not yet. She had fought too long to die. Not before—
Gresaria raised her spear, trying to bring it down. The [Assassin] moved. He twisted the blade and withdrew it from her chest.
The spear was frozen in her grip. The Harbormistress tried to bring it down.
And the [Assassin] walked away. Out of range. She staggered, trying to advance. Blood ran down her front. Then stopped.
Gresaria Wellfar halted. She forced the words out.
“Maviola. My Regein. My children. My House. I wanted…”
The spear fell from fingers that could not hold them. Bitterly, without a blow struck, the woman sagged. But her eyes still blazed defiance as she sank to the ground.
“Another day.”
She fell.
“She’s dead.”
The whisper ran through First Landing. They had all seen it. Gresaria, old Gresaria, the—
Frozen in horror, looking at the [Assassin]. The shadows appearing on rooftops. Look at us, they seemed to say. Try it.
A voice broke the silence. Eyes locked on the fallen woman turned upwards. Quivering words.
“The [Harbormistress] of First Landing is dead.”
A man standing on a ship lined with hides moved. Like someone waking from a terrible dream. He looked around. Then, slowly, bent down.
He was a [Captain] of a distant Kingdom of Terandria, the cold land of Cenidau. His helmet was a particular, simple design. A spangenhelm. His armor was thick hide, worn even in these warm lands.
