7.59
Page 15
The liquid struck the ground. The Drake’s eyes opened. There he stood, as the Guild of Assassins fled his ire.
Saliss of Lights.
A whisper floated to Ryoka on the breeze. The Drake’s voice, borne somehow, just for her.
“…I’ll tell you some other time. [Disable Friendly Fire].”
Ryoka’s eyes went round. She saw the Drake wink. He’d said it, hadn’t he?
A Level 50 Sk—
 
—-
 
The world behind me—vanishes. I see a thousand explosions joining into one wall of sound and light. Amid it all is a laughing Drake, tearing the sky apart. Maviola is laughing wildly too; I can see her. And…so am I?
The army vanishes. The impact kicks me into the air. Maviola too. And the horse. Even at this range—
“Saliss!”
They’re all screaming. Through the scrying orb. Erin, everyone else. I just know it. I land—and I’m still laughing, even without breath.
The cloud of alchemical explosions is going off even as I rise.
“Ride! Ride!”
Maviola El is laughing. Somehow—she heard it too. That mad Drake. That cunning—
We run. And I know he’s alive. Until he’s not. He’ll live. And so will I. Right up until the moment…
And then there were two of us left.
 
—-
 
The Guild of Assassins was broken. Ferin dismounted from the Unmarked Coach. He stared in shock.
The geography had changed. He dared not even get close to the place where the [Alchemist]’s detonation had gone off.
“…They’re dead. Not one got out.”
Mire stared back the way they’d come.
“The [Alchemist]?”
“Has to be dead. No sign. We can’t even investigate.”
“Kill the other two, then. One of them has the cure. Summon the last of the Ranks.”
The Faces looked at each other. Their confidence was gone. Shaken beyond belief. And yet—they still did not say anything else.
All or nothing. They’d invested too much into this gambit. For the first time though—Ferin did not know if there would be a future after this, either way.
So, then. All the more reason. He drew a loop of wire out, grimly. No longer for pride. Not just for their reputation. Now—they went for vengeance.
Death, death, death.
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights was gone. Possibly dead. The silence that had descended on Pallass’ broadcast was a mortal thing. Fragile, uncertain.
Perhaps he lived. Either way—his part in the delivery now consuming the world’s oft-fleeting attention was over.
He had broken the back of the Guild. But they were a multi-headed thing. They had long served Izril as tools.
Tools…of the nobility, frankly. Clandestine operatives a [Lord] or [Lady] could pay to threaten a [Merchant]. Sometimes equalizers the other way, but the shameful truth was that before Magnolia Reinhart had tried to take their teeth, they had been a way for the Flowers of Izril to cull dissent whilst denying what they were doing.
Now—the Guild had been ravaged as they overstretched. But they were made of their killers.
The Faces remained.
They killed Maviola’s horse.
The enchanted dagger flew like the arrow of death from Rhir that had never been used, borne by Skills and magic despite the distance between Ryoka and Maviola and the Faces. It sang through the air, death for the Lady of House El.
It missed. The flying dagger had curved and taken the brave mare down.
After all it had raced through, after so long—dead. The mare fell without a scream, and Maviola cried out for it, falling. She was on her feet in a moment. Running. She looked back only once, for the brave creature.
How? The answer lay on the mare’s back.
Gresaria Wellfar murmured as she watched her old nemesis, her friend.
