7.59
Page 1
It had been almost four hours since they’d lost Wistram’s eyes and the Guild after Belavierr’s needle attack. The three had been on the alert, but Saliss had the scrying orb tuned to the Wistram News Network—a secured line so they couldn’t reverse-hack his artifact—and they hadn’t found the three. Yet.
“…the search continues. But I feel strongly that if they had been found, we would know. Isn’t that right, Sir Relz?”
“Exactly, Drassi. Let’s replay the dramatic footage from this evening. Again—we are receiving countless impressions, first-hand accounts from people who were there. The Black Tide, invading Invrisil—”
“I don’t know if invading is the right word. They were clearly helping fight the Guild.”
“Drassi—the Antinium? Really?”
“I don’t think you know what you’re talking about, Sir Relz. One of us lives in Liscor. And let me tell you—”
The orb shut off. They still had time. Ryoka looked up at Maviola. The [Lady Firestarter]’s eyes were shining. Or…was she still a [Lady Firestarter]?
“Your class changed.”
It wasn’t a question. Maviola El’s eyes sparkled.
“I have reached my Time of Grandeur. I did not think I would. And now? How this world likes to play tricks! But I have never been more a [Lady] than now.”
“Time of…?”
“A name the nobility of Izril and Terandria came up with. It just means Level 50. They like to call everything stupid names.”
Saliss whispered to Ryoka. The City Runner nodded. Maviola scowled at them.
“It is the level at which everything changes. Beyond here—few living trod this path.”
The two looked up at her. Saliss nodded. Ryoka looked at Maviola and felt a tinge of envy.
Power. And at the end of her life, too. On this run? She nodded.
The three knew each other, now. It was the fastest of bonds, like that of the Horns with Ryoka, but even stronger. Three people, with the same mission. How could they not feel a connection?
“Was it a good Skill?”
Saliss looked up at Maviola. Her eyes burned.
“Yes. I think so, at least.”
“Good.”
He laughed. She looked at him with a nod that was almost deferential. He had reached Level 50 before her. The [Alchemist] looked at Ryoka. The teasing had turned to respect in the Drake’s gaze, as it had for Ryoka. But quick as a flash, he grinned again.
“So that’s two Level 50 Skills. Where’s yours, huh? Huh? Someone’s the Creler-fodder here. And it’s not the horse.”
He pointed at Lady Ieka’s mare, who had indeed bore Maviola through the storm of attacks.
Ryoka was almost tempted to blow Saliss into a tree. They were using the outskirts of a forest as cover; it slowed them, but it made them a lot harder to spot from overhead. Then, she knew he was right. Her head lowered. Ryoka looked at the other two.
“…You’re right. I’m the weakest one here. If anything happens—you two go ahead. That’ll be the plan.”
Saliss’ smile faded. Maviola looked at Ryoka. The Wind Runner took a gulp of air.
“I’ll pretend to have the cure and leave you two behind. You have the best chance. I’ll lure them off. So—”
Her throat closed at the thought. She had barely made it out of Invrisil. Her silly plan had only worked because Erin had called an army in to fight the others. Saliss—Maviola—both of them had laid better plans. They had a better shot.
The Named Adventurer and the [Lady] of House El looked at each other gravely. They exchanged something unspoken. Then they nodded at each other.
“She is so cute.”
“She is. I see it now. I thought she was aggravating, but how adorable.”
Ryoka’s head jerked around. Saliss jogged over. Maviola laughed, as did Saliss.
“Look at you, being so brave!”
