7.59
Page 18
“You ask why the bell rings? Are you blind, man? Are your ears filled with foam and seaweed? A damned pig stuck in a barrel at sea would know why they ring!”
Laughter from the docks. [Sailors] guffawing in mirth. Offended looks from some of the nobility. Gresaria smiled. She rode past them.
“The bell rings for attack! For war! For treachery and cowardice in our midst! It should have been rung the moment House Veltras’ sons were poisoned. It should have rung when the House of El called for aid! But it did not, and damn me for cowardice. Damn the Five Families for the same!”
Only they and she could ring that bell. The watchers stirred. [Captains] looked past Gresaria, tracing her slow route. The nobility shifted uneasily.
She was moving towards a part of the city where no noble would ever make their homes. One of the poorer sections, true. But it had a charmed fear of its own. A mythos.
The Guild of Assassins. They were here. They were always here. You couldn’t just walk in. But everyone knew that they had a base in First Landing.
When had that been normal? For as long as Gresaria had lived, they’d been there, unspoken. A [Lord] and his friends might dare to ride there, seeking them. And he would live because he was ignored.
Never before in Gresaria’s memory had [Assassins] warred with the Flowers of Izril. They had been tools, the dog you fed to hunt your enemies until someone had taken them. This Circle, using it against their old masters.
It was a disgrace, either way.
“Lady Wellfar—”
“Mother. Stop!”
Gresaria ignored one of the others behind her. Voices. One of her assistants. A [Lord]. She lifted her spear, and it was harder these days. But kept it steady as an arrow. Pointing down those plain streets towards their land. Even now—fear like a spell hung over the city.
“I am Gresaria Wellfar! Harbormistress of First Landing! And I say there is a rot in our city! By the Five Families, it has been here too long! Cowards and traitors all! Enough. I say enough. Who will stand with me and root this infection out of our homes?”
She raised the spear. Looking around. The [Captains] were silent. Their crews watchful.
The Flowers of Izril stirred in the breeze. Salt and steel! They looked at each other, waiting for the other to move. House Wellfar, ship-builders, owners of navies, her people were represented most strongly here.
Gresaria’s gaze swept across them like thunder at sea and they flinched and looked away. They felt it too.
“Harbormistress. The Guild will not allow your actions. Enough.”
A voice in the air, like the shadows he materialized from. A figure on a rooftop. The nobles flinched. Gresaria looked up. Her eyes narrowed.
“Am I supposed to fear your threats, shadow? I am of House Wellfar. One of the Five Families! Does the Harbormistress flinch before steel or poison?”
“No.”
It came from the ships. The [Assassin] the Guild had sent looked down at her.
“Flinch or not, Harbormistress. But do not do this. The Guild does not wish to spill more of the Five Families’ blood.”
The nobility turned pale. They backed away. As if they had not guards! As if they had not armies! But Gresaria understood why. She saw mothers and fathers grabbing at children. Looking up at the brazen display.
The first one to stand was killed. The first [Soldier] to charge ever met his end.
Yet—enough. Enough! Maviola El, her companion, her old foe, held a banner and called the North to war. Gresaria raised her spear higher.
