7.59
Page 25
His Chosen looked upon their master. Uncomprehending of his emotions, but they felt them. Az’kerash whispered.
“My Chosen. Do you see anything of value in this moment? In these—two? In what is happening?”
The Chosen stirred. Kerash—who in life would have known what was meant—shook his head and looked at Venitra. The armored woman made of bone—like a [Knight]—had none of the sentiments she had been modeled after.
The two new Chosen? Nothing.
“Superior agility, Master?”
One of them ventured. A skeleton slapped his face from where he was peeking in. Not Ijvani. She was blank. The [Skeleton Mage] saw Bea’s lips moving.
“I think…”
But she had nothing. Az’kerash looked at his Chosen with a kind of despair that was terrible for them to behold.
“This is one of the most important things you must learn, my children. Have you nothing?”
A flaw in their creation. Belavierr looked at the Necromancer. She was interested in how he had framed that. It spoke to his…desires. A different Necromancer than the one of a decade ago, even.
How were they so blind? Even Belavierr could give the answer, and she was an immortal monster. But it was that immortality, perhaps, that made the undead blind.
In that room, three people knew the answer. Hah. Even the Healing Slime could have given it, if it had lips. Az’kerash, Belavierr.
And Toren. He looked at the Runner with objectionable bone structure. And despite that—he felt it.
Glorious. His eyes locked on the [Lady] who called flame. Made of the same moments as he had once seen in a place far from here.
He understood. It was so obvious the skeleton wanted to shout it. But he had no voice. Nor any desire to attract the evil [Witch]’s attention, much less the others. Seeing the Chosen, though, looking like guilty students trying to crib the answer off each other and realizing no one knew what it was—he was still shouting in his soul.
“Bravery, Master?”
Ijvani. Az’kerash’s head snapped around. The skeleton flinched. She looked past him. She had heard, of course. And like any cheating student, glancing at someone else’s test—
She feared she was wrong, but Az’kerash’s disappointment had made her desperate. She was rewarded with the Necromancer’s smile.
“Yes, Ijvani! Come here. You understand?”
“Y-yes?”
She lied. Az’kerash was too preoccupied to notice. But she advanced and stood there, the Necromancer’s favorite. The Chosen looked upon Ijvani with envy unmatched. Then—slowly—their heads turned.
The skeleton was already fleeing, arms waving. But an idea was circulating among the Chosen. They had no idea what their Master wanted. What emotions he craved.
But someone did.
Belavierr was highly interested. Yet—her eyes were caught again by the scrying orb. An end was coming. She felt it, threads of fate. Her eyes narrowed.
Maviola El slowed. She was pointing ahead.
 
—-
 
This was how they ended it. Seven Faces and thirty [Assassins] were still following. Catching up again. Ryoka saw no [Knights], no [Lords] on carpet. No brave carriage drivers.
“I’m slowing you down, aren’t I?”
Maviola El slowed her horse. It was no champion like Ieka’s steed. A carriage-horse, not used to this level of galloping. And they were out of Potions of Haste. Out of scrolls.
She looked at Ryoka. The Wind Runner gulped for air. Her hands shook as she reached for a stamina potion.
“Maviola—”
“You can make it. But they will cut you out of the air. Look at them.”
The [Assassins]. Maviola shook her head.
“This is where I stop. One of us must go onwards. And I see a glorious end waiting for me.”
“Maviola, don’t do this.”
