7.59
Page 10
“How much longer? We can move faster than this damned coach. Some of us, at any rate.”
The Djinni driver didn’t respond to that. The other [Assassins] murmured. Ferin saw one of them check the map.
“We’ll make it. They’re nearly halfway, though. We lost them for too long in the night.”
“So? They’re about to run into the reserves.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin was waiting for the sun. But it had yet to rise, for hours, perhaps. Less?
The Skills were wearing off. She had been under the effects of nearly a dozen and Saliss had been right—so many with overlapping effects had made her nauseous.
They were headed down the road. They could have gone off road—but they were passing by some foothills. Rocks, outcroppings—perfect ambush areas.
Ryoka remembered the [Assassin] with wires. The road was dangerous—but had less chokepoints.
“I see something ahead of us, I think.”
Maviola frowned. There was a rise up the road. She kept seeing something peeking over the edge.
“Turn into the hills? Another way?”
“We’re…not going to be able to turn back.”
Shadows at their rear. Keeping far, far out of range. But their pursuers were still behind them. The [Hasted] trio were outrunning them. Once they’d fought free of the ambush, Saliss’ superior potions and their speed were keeping them safe.
But they could not find another path or slow or they’d lose that lead. Foothills, something ahead, behind their pursuers—
“We could go east?”
“…The exact opposite direction of House Veltras?”
Ryoka said nothing. Saliss shook his head.
“Let’s see what it is. Get behind me.”
The Wind Runner nodded. She and Maviola kept pace, one on horseback, the other pedaling the magic bike; Ryoka felt like there was something wrong. The blasts from the magic, perhaps. The spells? It felt more…like a normal bike. The enchantments damaged, perhaps?
She could still race along a lot faster than on foot. Saliss jogged over the ridge, a beat before Maviola’s mare clattered over the slight incline. Ryoka was next. She felt confident. The [Popstar] had stopped singing, probably having used up her Skills for the moment, but there were people helping. They could do it! She raised her head—
“…Oh.”
The Guild of Assassins was waiting for them by the river. The foothills to the west, a natural barricade. The bridge ahead blocked. It was one of the natural chokepoints. A good place to try and stop some annoying Runners.
Run into the hills. Run over the river. Turn, and find another route. All these were valid options. But what stopped the three, made even Maviola’s blazing confidence flicker—were the numbers.
“Ah.”
Saliss breathed out. He turned to Maviola and Ryoka in the sudden silence. He nodded ahead.
“The flaw with Plan: Horse? It gave them time to prepare for us.”
An army of figures waited for them at the crossing. Ryoka saw…ranks of the Ranks. Actual formations. Set up, entrenched.
Towers conjured by Skills or magic. Fortified ground. And…thousands of [Assassins].
“That has to be…three thousand of them. At least.”
Maviola El faltered. Ryoka breathed.
“Bullshit. There can’t be this many. Not after how many we killed.”
Saliss of Lights was counting too. He looked over his shoulder. Ryoka twisted and saw the pursuers—suddenly a speck compared to the force waiting to turn them into paste.
He shrugged at her.
“The Guild for an entire continent? I’d bet they had at least ten thousand members. So—a third of them? Here’s a tip, Ryoka. Never underestimate how much you can piss off your enemies.”
