7.59
Page 22
All they could do was kill. So they tried to do just that, with impotent rage. If they wanted to be heroes—
“[Seeking Arrow]. [Blink Shaft].”
An [Archer] loosed an arrow. It curved up and then down—flickered through the roof of the carriage. The [Driver] died.
“No!”
The Runner cried out. The [Lady] just seized the reigns, severed them, and leapt onto one of the horse’s backs.
“Shoot the horses you idiot! On them!”
The [Blademaster] surged forwards in a charge. Ferin felt someone trying to slow him from a great distance. He snarled, fighting off the hand of some distant figure. Mire was gasping for air.
“What—what—”
She fell to her knees. Two more Faces slowed. One was shouting, insects suddenly swarming over him. The other for no apparent reason.
“…Shitblood.”
They were target-practice for long-ranged Skills and spells! This wasn’t how the Guild fought! Damn the Circle! Damn this contract!
The [Blademaster]’s sword was angling, prepared to slash the air as Ryoka and Maviola fled.
 
—-
 
Wind cutting! Ryoka felt the blade of air slashing towards them. She whirled.
“Stop!”
The scythe of air exploded as the wind obeyed. The [Blademaster Assassin] stared at her. Then he growled and slashed again.
“They’re Faces.”
“I know. I’ll—”
Maviola was turning as she rode the second stallion. Ryoka raced after her, ducking—the deadly arc of air flashed over her head and then dissipated fifty paces ahead of her. The wrong Skill to use on her.
But the others—
“Kill these [Assassins]!”
A howl. The Faces reacted at the same time as Maviola and Ryoka. Where—not from behind, or ahead.
Above? Ryoka saw someone drop out of the skies.
A figure on a flying carpet. Ryoka’s eyes went wide. Fear seized her. No, not them! Not—
A [Lord] flung down an object which detonated, and then a second which conjured a furious Manticore. The Faces cursed as the rider—Ryoka saw his sharp beard, flashing, imperious eyes, darker skin—
She blinked. She saw him. Then—the second carpet. And third. Guards, and a second [Lord], assailing the [Assassins] from above.
Reinforcements. The Houses of Izril. She heard a voice.
“Brother, wait—”
The first [Lord] ignored the younger man. He raised his blade, hacking at an [Assassin].
“The House of Zolde stands with the House of El and Veltras! With me, Siroi!”
The Lord of House Zolde, who had recently benefitted from a Courier himself, attacked the [Assassins] with more courage than sense, followed by the small band of his house’s guards into battle. They nearly killed him in the first moment—but his brother swooped down and deflected a blade meant for his older sibling. He actually cut the [Assassin] in a whirl of blades and the Faces split.
“Ignore them! Get those two!”
One of them ordered. White-haired behind his mask…he met Ryoka’s eyes.
A rider on a carpet. Ryoka spared one more look. The older [Lord] fought, flying upwards as the Faces redirected their wrath on him and his escort.
His younger brother was the better fighter. He looked at Ryoka—then spun, scimitar flashing. Another moment. Minutes paid for in blood. Ryoka and Maviola ran onwards.
 
—-
 
House Zolde was forced to retreat after only three minutes. But that widened the lead between the two desperate people and the Faces too much. Ferin cursed as he saw the older brother spirited away, face white as one of his household guards steered the carpet.
Mire had poisoned him. He might live—but the younger brother had prevented the Faces from wiping the entire group out.
“Madness. Move on. Strike them. How many Ranks have we left?”
