7.59
Page 28
It was simple. Simple and hard. You needed some good fabric for it. An expert [Seamstress]. Wood—even enchanted, especially to withstand the strain. But Ryoka had tested it, paid in gold.
The hang glider’s wings spread outwards. Wood locked into place. She clung to the bars as the wind grabbed thick sails of fabric and dragged it up.
After all—it was on her side. Ferin stared up in awe for a moment. It was neither magic nor a Skill. It was just…physics. Wood and fabric.
The achievements of a world apart, where no magic or levels existed, yet Humans had dreamed of it. Flight.
 
—-
 
“Ryoka?”
The wind blew. Erin saw—she had to rub at her eyes. The Wind Runner of Reizmelt had left the ground. The first, almost explosive gust had snapped the glider, sent her up so fast she nearly let go.
A hundred feet in a moment. Erin’s jaw dropped.
“That’s not a flying carpet.”
Palt murmured. There wasn’t as much awe as you might expect. After all—there were spells that allowed you to fly. Flying Carpets. Garuda did it for free.
But look at her. The inn was silent. The audience of the world watched.
The Wind Runner was flying.
She was struggling to clip herself to the glider. She had been putting on a belt, harness—she could not hold on with hands alone! The [Assassins] looked up after her. Erin heard Mrsha howling. Somewhere, the Flying Gnoll of Pallass was screaming.
Bird had fainted again. Erin’s heart soared. Then—she saw the [Assassin] with the wires point up.
 
—-
 
“Strike the skies. [Arrows of Lightning].”
Ferin drew a scroll and unfurled it. Ryoka jerked as arrows made of lightning shot up after her. The others broke from their reverie.
“[Grand Tempest]! You can’t escape!”
The [Mage] howled after her. It was true. So what if she could fly? They were [Assassins]! They had arrows, spells—Ryoka was struggling. The wind threw her and the glider through the air to avoid the spells. She crashed against the frame of her glider.
She couldn’t control it! It was just as she’d feared. In her experiments—the wind was far less easy to control in the air! She had been practicing in secret—but she had no mastery and she needed mastery.
“Down—”
The [Grand Tempest] spell turned the air into lightning and wind. The glider’s wings snapped—the wood held, but the impact sent Ryoka into a nosedive.
She hit the ground ahead of the [Assassins], so hard they actually stopped loosing spells. Had she just killed herself?
“Gah! Aaaah—”
Ryoka’s scream answered them. Hedault’s ring had saved her from being pulped—barely. She scrambled up and the [Blademaster] charged at her. Just in time, the wind snapped her aloft again.
“Before she gets out of range! Icoln! Kill her!”
The Wind Runner was rising, half-stunned by the blow. Hedault’s ring was dead. Another one—but the wind was obeying her request, carrying her up at dizzying speed. All she had to do was get out of range, ask the wind to land her close to House Veltras.
The flaws in her plan, and they had always been there, were spells to control the wind. Arrows from below. Ryoka’s own lack of skill in manipulating the wind when she could hit the ground at a hundred miles per hour with a single mistake.
Flight was not invulnerability. If it was—every Oldblood Drake and Garuda would have been a Courier. And one more thing.
The fourth [Assassin] stared up at Ryoka Griffin as she flew upwards. The [Mage] was still trying to tag her with spells. But he was trying to hit a rapidly-moving target. She was going to—
The Garuda shed his disguise. He leapt into the air after her. Ryoka looked back.
