7.59
Page 11
The Drake squinted. The scrying orb had gone silent. The commentators quiet. Or he’d turned off the orb. Ryoka only heard the Named Adventurer’s voice. He was studying the group, looking over his shoulders.
“Yep. They’re coming from behind. Bet you they trapped the foothills once they planned our route. Here’s some good news: that’s not three thousand. I think.”
“It’s not?”
The other two looked at him. The [Alchemist] squinted, shading his eyes with his claws. He drank a vial, his gaze sharpening.
“Not all of them are real. I see illusions—and probably more I can’t detect. And some are using [Invisibility]. So—run at the illusions, not the invisible ones or the ones who’re really there.”
Ryoka laughed. It had a note of despair in it. Maviola shook her head.
“My Skill…I—I don’t think it’s enough for this. If we were being pursued? But we would have to break through.”
“The east?”
Ryoka looked towards flatter land, descending downwards, back towards the forest and lake. Saliss stared ahead.
The [Assassins] were just waiting. Their friends were catching up from behind. They weren’t going to budge. Try to get past us. If they ran—the army would just pivot and hem them in again.
Ryoka was breathing fast. Even if half of them were fake. Even if—she counted prowling figures mixed with the [Assassins] and realized—not all of them were Human.
“Monsters. Some are leashed, others summoned. Typical.”
Maviola seemed resigned. She had seen armies before. Saliss nodded.
“They’ll be as fast as the [Assassins]…teleport? Just throwing it out there.”
“How much do you want to bet they’ll force the spell to teleport us into their ranks? We aren’t [Mages]…”
Ringing in her ears. Ryoka was panting. It was time. But they’d fill her with arrows before she could—
Saliss clapped his claws together, briskly. Bringing Ryoka out of the trance. The Named Adventurer stretched, nude, flexing, in front of the Guild. The figures stirred at a distance. Saliss sprang to his feet, clapped his claws again.
“Alright! Here’s the plan. We go through them. Maviola, you take a thousand on the left, I’ll take two thousand on the right, Ryoka, you take that one over there.”
He pointed at an [Assassin] with a sword just off-center. Ryoka and Maviola looked at Saliss.
The Drake was smiling. Ryoka started.
“Are y—Saliss. We have to, to—”
He clapped her on the shoulder, cheerfully. Ryoka’s eyes widened. She felt a claw—and something in her hand.
The vial. She nearly looked down, but Saliss’ grip tightened on her arm. Maviola was looking at them. She pointed and a [Fireball] flashed past them, slowing their pursuers. But they were ambling too. They knew the three had nowhere to go.
Saliss though—the Drake whispered to Ryoka and Maviola.
“Take it. Don’t drink it, obviously. Glass is reinforced, but put it in the bag of holding. One vial cures ten kids. You just need a spoonful. It should blast the toxin out of them. Get them out of the room where they’re sick, though. It was a gas. Pretty sure.”
Ryoka felt her stomach lurch as she looked at him. The Named Adventurer was just smiling. And he was…
“Saliss. No.”
“Someone’s got to get you two through that mess. And that someone is me. You two suck at fighting. Really—you’ve been slowing me down the entire time. But you’re probably faster. My thighs are chafed.”
The Drake grinned at Ryoka. She heard a hum underneath his tone. Saliss looked ahead.
“We’ll go around. Don’t—”
