7.59
Page 39
…But the Couriers at the end had done almost all of it. Still, she looked at the Couriers and Runners in her Guild. Her voice rasped.
“You all saw it. You saw them. Her. No City Runner could have made that run. Not even a Courier alone. And no City Runner made that run. Did she?”
“No!”
The Couriers answered her. Mihaela nodded. You poor girl. Too much like Valceif for your own good. But it was done.
 
—-
 
Courier was just a word. It was an artificial ranking. It had meant more and less in other times. Just call them ‘Runner’. It could be a word, like Todi opined, for a profession. Or it could mean bravery, selflessness, something more than a job description.
A City Runner could do what a Courier could not. Deliver Izril’s pride unto itself. Yes, a City Runner, unseen, but brave and swift…
She jogged towards the distant manor. Hero? Well, if you wanted to call her that. The City Runner moved swiftly, confident, but watchful.
She could have arrived two hours earlier, but she’d stopped for a nap and to make herself properly presentable. Change of clothes, a wash, some subtle makeup…
It had rained like hell so she’d gotten out of that. No sense risking your neck to being impaled by a branch. The City Runner was tired, but triumphant. She had done it.
She hadn’t been near a scrying orb or civilization for the last two days since beginning her run. Even so, she’d dodged two [Assassins], had to actually fight to escape one. And a monster!
Still, it was wise to be humble. Legends grew in the retelling. The truth was she’d done her run properly.
In secret. After all, what kind of fool would have done an open run, especially with how much time it would take? She had made it fast, and the cure was secure in her bag of holding.
Persua knew this last stretch would be the most deadly. She…paused as she saw House Veltras was surrounded by an army of [Soldiers].
What was happening? Perhaps Lord Tyrion’s patience had snapped. Urgently, she ran for the keep—
“Halt! What is your business with House Veltras?”
Five squads converged on her. Persua threw up her arms, but with confidence as she halted.
“Let me through! And please—guard me to the keep! I have the cure for Lord Tyrion!”
The [Soldiers] stared at her. Persua reached for the vial, a dagger in her other hand. She waited for the Guild to make its attempt. But she’d fight through! She—
She looked at their incredulous faces. Which was…what you expected. Incredulity at the bravery of…but something was wrong. Persua faltered.
“The—the cure? I have it? Hello?”
 
—-
 
Events both insignificant and important. Too many to count. Fallout.
Erin Solstice sat in her inn at the end of it. No, not the end. She spoke to Mrsha, softly.
“She’ll be okay.”
Mrsha looked up at the [Innkeeper]. She hadn’t stopped crying. But Erin did what the others couldn’t. She clarified her words.
“Maybe not fine. But Ryoka won’t die. She’s too Ryoka for that. You know her.”
The Gnoll child hesitated. Something about that reassured her. Or gave her enough to stop crying. Erin Solstice rose, patting Mrsha.
“You need to sleep.”
Mrsha protested, but Lyonette gathered her into her arms. Erin herself yawned. She had not really rested. And oh, but it was over. Yet there would be more after this. There always was.
The Wandering Inn. The Wind Runner. Maviola El. Saliss of Lights.
Burn them into your memory.
“They won’t forget what you did here.”
