7.59
Page 0

They had four hours, in the night, before they were found again. Two precious hours, snatched by the transformation, and then two more after that.
They had made slower progress as horses, ironically. They had to act like…horses. And they were slow because Ryoka threw up about fifty times over the course of the first hour before her mind adjusted to four hooves and an equine’s perspective. And horses couldn’t vomit so it was fifty miserable failed attempts.
Shapeshifting was not easy. Oh, Ryoka would have a lot to think of after this. About being a horse, about the possibilities of such potions and spells. If she lived. If Saliss lived.
Two more hours before the [Scrying] spells located them. It was, Ryoka learned from Saliss and Maviola, a very annoying type of spell to manage. Scrying spells in Ryoka’s mind were as simple as panning an aerial shot to follow something.
In reality, the problem with a [Scrying] spell not bound to a person—and no one could scry the three directly—was that you had to move it in every axis. Up, down, left, right—even managing the coordinate system meant an entire class of [Diviner], [Seer], [Scrier], had to manage one spell.
And they had lost the three. So—for four hours, under darkness, they ran. They did not stop to rest. They did not sleep. But nor did they sprint.
They were husbanding their strength for when they were found. Odd word. Husbanding. Why not wifeing? Aside from how stupid that sounded.
Ryoka knew she should have been thinking of the run. The long ways yet to go, even as Saliss’ potions sped them and kept them moving fast. She pedaled, stowing the bike for uphill climbs and places where the terrain didn’t fit. Running alongside the Drake and the horse carrying Maviola El.
But all that filled her mind were silly questions like the etymology of the word ‘husbanding’. Anything, it seemed, to distract her from reality.
The sun would rise before they reached House Veltras. It was inevitable at the speed they were moving. A Potion of Haste practically doubled their speed. Tripled it, in some ways. They needed neither to rest nor eat with potions.
…But it was a long run. And when the sun rose, they’d be easier to spot. The Guild of Assassins and Circle of Thorns was after them.
They had the cure.
They found the three after four hours. But between then. The end of her run, what happened next, and the time she had left Invrisil—that brief span when they had been able to relax just a hair and talk instead of watch for Belavierr’s hexes, enemy [Assassins]—
She would not forget or trade that time away.
 
—-
 
“Oh. I leveled up.”
Ryoka heard a slight gasp as she rode ahead, scanning for potholes or rocks in the dark. She jerked up. She had trailed off from their last conversation. Saliss twisted as he ran. The two saw Maviola El open her eyes. They looked at each other, the three with the cure.
Then Saliss threw an empty potion bottle at Maviola. Ryoka swore and tossed some sand at the [Lady]. She very nearly moved her bike over to try and swat at Maviola El.
“I knew it! You were dozing on that horse! While we were running all damn night—”
“I was just napping for a second! Respect your elders and betters, brat!”
Maviola swatted back with her inactive Kaalblade. Saliss beaned her with an empty vial and Maviola loosed a stream of curses.
“I’ve been running…for hours. I don’t run! I make potions! Get off the horse! It’s my turn!”
