7.59
Page 35
“No. You can always ride away, Tritel.”
“I have a booth with my name on it. I don’t think I’ll get to use it if…and besides. What kind of Courier lets a City Runner do their run for them?”
Ci snorted. Salamani looked at Tritel.
“You softhearted liar.”
“Shut up, Salamani. Besides—if you think I’m the stupid one, you’re not going to believe what’s going to happen next.”
The Mage Runner looked around.
“No way. He wouldn’t ever—”
A pair of bunny ears. A third Courier slowed. Salamani stared at Hawk. It was impossible. Hawk the Hare? Hawk the Coward?
The Courier’s eyes were still red. Coward indeed, the Drake had named him. Coward, too afraid to do the right thing.
Heartbreak was a terrible curse. It made fools out of everyone.
“Hawk—”
The Courier walked past them.
Ferin looked back, then ahead at Ryoka. Why now? Why…
Justice for the first run they’d done. The Couriers said nothing more. They moved forwards. So before, now.
The [Assassins] turned towards them.
“Bastards. Kill them. We’re the Guild. They’re—”
Couriers. The Moonlight Rider urged his mare into a gallop. His crossbow sang at the same time as Ferin’s. The Mage Runner of Wistram drew his magic out of the sky, arrows of light.
Hawk the Hare of Liscor ran forwards. He attacked Mire with a shout.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin looked back and saw the battle. Tritel was riding, firing his crossbow and slashing with a sword. Salamani was fighting the [Alchemist] as Hawk dodged the [Blademaster].
“No.”
But they were buying her—she pumped her legs. Her head rose. Her body moved, and Ryoka ignored whatever was telling her she had to stop.
Behind her, the Couriers fell back. No easy Ranks falling to their Skills. Hawk blurred around the [Blademaster]. He kicked and the man cried out, his sword wavering.
“[Valmira’s Comet].”
Salamani shot one at near point-blank range. Somehow, the [Blademaster] cut it in half. Mire knocked him a dozen feet onto the ground. Stunned—he saw Hawk deal the [Alchemist] a blow that sent her sprawling. The [Blademaster] stabbed Hawk in the back. The Courier screamed once.
Before the [Blademaster] could twist the blade and take the Beastkin’s life, Tritel abandoned his duel with the [Trapmaster].
“Ci, fly!”
She leapt. Up, upwards. The Moonlight Rider abandoned sword. He drew his crossbow, aimed straight down.
Thunk. The [Blademaster] fell. Mire stared at the bolt protruding from the peerless swordsman’s right eye socket. Her nerve broke. She ran.
Tritel landed. The [Blademaster], who had never given Ferin his name, who had been just a class—staggered. He had let go of his sword. He drew a dagger—threw it.
It was the act of a [Warrior] who refused to die even when dealt a death-blow. Hawk lay on the ground, bleeding. Salamani screamed as the dagger went through his shoulder and nailed him to the earth. He struggled to get up, but the blade was burning him, setting his robes alight.
“Tritel!”
The Moonlight Rider turned as the [Blademaster] collapsed at last, his last effort gone. He looked around.
Snap. The wires clashed together. Salamani saw them go through Tritel and Ci. He made a sound.
The [Trapmaster]. Ferin was running after Ryoka, abandoning his wires, his comrades, dead and fleeing. He had a crossbow in hand. He never even looked back.
Tritel and Ci. The Moonlight Rider actually stayed…together…for a heartbeat. Blood—his body had been severed in countless places, in countless ways. So had Ci.
