7.59
Page 34
The wind was coming. They babbled, and Ullim buried his head in his hands, in despair. He didn’t understand. Hethon closed his eyes. He had heard it, felt it for a second, on his cheek.
The wind was blowing his way. He begged it to come quicker.
 
—-
 
At the end of her run, Ryoka Griffin was tired. Just tired.
Glory had come and gone, fleeting.
Tragedy had struck. She would weep more for it later.
She had seen bravery, grand deeds. Endings and continuations and magnificent trickery.
Now—she was exhausted. Let it be over. For better or worse, give her rest.
Surely they felt the same, her hunters. On either side—let us make an end to this.
But the trick to the run was that you didn’t get to quit when you felt like it. A mile cared nothing for how you felt. You ran the mile, and then the next.
She left the glorious, magical bike behind, stumbling on. Something had damaged it; it had grown harder to pedal. Then, perhaps from the landing, all the fighting—
The chain had snapped. Ironically, she had no replacement. No magically forged links easy-at-hand, and no way to repair the enchanted metal.
She would have gone back, taken the few seconds to put it in her bag of holding. But she had no more time. Not a single second, anymore.
Her fate had led her across Izril, defying death with help and luck. Perhaps as some vengeance, it had led them here. A bit of fairness the other way.
Three [Assassins] followed her. One was a [Trapmaster], withdrawing an enchanted crossbow. The second, a [Blademaster]. The last, an [Alchemist] with one arm who had caught up after escaping the [Knights].
They had no idea where the others were. Luck had seen them spot the distant figure, landing. It didn’t matter. The world could be nothing more than this road, with the Runner on it. With no more contracts, no Guild, no future. And they would still hunt her down for bringing their Guild to ruin.
For pride of the job. All they had in this world.
The Wind Runner looked back one last time. Ferin fired the crossbow. The first bolt went wide; he was no [Marksman]. It hit the dirt a dozen feet to her left. He reloaded as he ran after her. The quarry was exhausted.
But too close. Far too close to her destination.
No more speeches. This was the end of the run.
It ended with the most fitting of things. A footrace to the finish line. A delivery. [Assassins]. A Runner.
And a Courier.
 
—-
 
Salamani the Mage Runner stopped as he saw the three ahead of him. He was panting, at the end of his own endurance.
He had run from Invrisil to this point. A Courier’s speed. Ryoka and her friends had run fast—but they had been dogged the entire way by the Guild. He had clashed with them twice.
“Ah.”
The Courier drew his wand. The Faces turned, sensing him behind them. The Courier fell into step. He had been searching so hard for Ryoka.
Not just for her cure. He could have broken past them, perhaps, grabbed the cure—and she surely would have given it to him—and finished the run.
But then she would die. A harder package to deliver safely. The hardest delivery he had run yet.
Just a minute. That was all he needed. Salamani saluted the distant City Runner. Then the Courier looked around.
“Impossible.”
Someone else was coming their way. A figure. No—two.
The Moonlight Rider stopped next to Salamani. He was panting.
“How they hell are you here?”
“How are you two…?”
“We were doing the delivery from the port. You were at Invrisil.”
“I ran. She’s not exactly faster than we are.”
Tritel shook his head. He drew a crossbow slowly.
“Three of ‘em. They’re not the ones we got past, are they?”
