7.59
Page 9
The orb was on a five second delay. But Viltach hadn’t been using it as anything more than an aid. The bolt targeted the nearest warm bodies. Blew apart one of the oncoming coaches. The [Assassins] once again scattered. You could almost hear them screaming ‘where had that come from?’
 
—-
 
“Someone’s boosting them!”
The Ranks were trying to get the three. But everything in existence was getting in their way! Spells out of nowhere, Skills activated—
They didn’t belong to the King of Destruction. But still—Saliss split into three, and two doppelgangers took arrows and thrown daggers meant for him. The Drake screamed at the sky.
“Stop using your damn Skills! I feel like I’m going to hurl!”
The pressure on Ryoka relaxed a bit. It was like—multiple people fighting to lean on her. If she didn’t will it—
But they were trying to help. Ryoka heard the [Popstar] singing, more voices—
 
—-
 
A certain [King of Archers] rose to his feet, incensed. The Terandrian [King] looked at Flos Reimarch, who was giving an interview as the [Assassins] broke off to regroup. Too many Skills, activating too fast. He bellowed, incensed, as surely other rulers were doing upon seeing that smug bastard.
“If he’s going to interfere, so shall I! Bring me my bow and the Arrow of a Thousand Leagues!”
He tried to shoot from his throne. His people held him back, frantic.
“Still out of range, your Majesty. Please, do not—someone hold his Majesty back!”
They tried to stop him from using one of the relics of his kingdom. And succeeded, thank Avel.
 
—-
 
So many people, trying to help. Getting in each other’s way. Doing it for so many reasons. Attention. The righteousness of it. For fun.
How must it feel to be on the other side of so much ire? So much hatred?
It felt—the Guild was panicking. Well, the administrators. The Ranks, perhaps. The Circle of Thorns, certainly.
This…this was falling apart. The members of the Guild’s best lay dead, countless Ranks—even if they were expendable—killed and their gear lost! This was a disaster!
“Heard they killed Art.”
“Who?”
“The Art of Daggers.”
“Oh.”
A voice amid the silent shapes. That had been the self-styled nickname of one of the best Faces in the Guild. The bearer of the [Hundredfold Stab] Skill. Of all the Faces in Invrisil—and there had been a few—he was the best by far.
“Who got him?”
“The Small Queen.”
“Ah. Well, that’s just too bad. I thought he’d have had a chance on paper. He owed me money.”
“Mhm.”
Ferin made a note in the book. He looked up.
The Faces of the Guild sat in the Unmarked Coach. Not all of them. But the ones coming from other parts on the continent. The Djinni’s vehicle had adjusted its direction, picking them up, moving after…
Her. Them. The Guild was worried. The Faces sat silently.
No one here had suggested giving up, or surrendering, or changing tactics. Opinion was turned against them. Multiple leaders from outside of Izril were helping the three.
So they had to kill them. Let the world back the Wind Runner, Saliss of Lights, the Lady of House El. The Guild just had to prove they could kill their targets even with the King of Destruction’s aid.
They had gone far too far to turn back, anyways.
“Looks like they moved past the archer groups. Stupid idea, anyways. That [Alchemist] is blowing them to bits.”
“One less potion for us.”
Laughter. Ferin turned. There—was Mire. One-armed. Still adjusting to the change. Still furious.
[Blademaster]. [High Mage]. The [Trapmaster] saw all the same faces who had been with him for Magnolia Reinhart’s ambush. And more.
