7.59
Page 29
Did you really think we had no fliers in our Guild? We kill everything. The Garuda danced upwards, daggers in both wing-talons.
Nimbler than she was. Faster, as the capricious wind ignored Ryoka and obeyed at times.
“No. No—get him—”
The Garuda was buffeted by a gale. But he caught himself. He tore through the wind in a cone of his own, defying the winds. Ryoka looked at him.
Then she gritted her teeth and reached for a knife. Something—not after all this! The Garuda saw her draw a dagger.
He snorted, highly amused. It wasn’t even enchanted! He swooped around Ryoka with ease. The Garuda took aim.
The crossbow bolt punched through one of his wings. Ryoka heard a scream of pain. The [Assassin] twisted in midair. What? What? Neither one knew. Where had that bolt come from? But wait—it had come from—above—
Alevica the Witch Runner hurtled out of the skies and loosed a second crossbow bolt. She clung to her broom as it brought her down in a spiral. She drew a blade and cut at the [Assassin] Garuda before moving away.
“Alevica!”
The Witch Runner cried out like the Garuda as he broke off. Ferin, on the ground, lost his last scraps of patience.
“Where did that [Witch] come from?”
“She won’t be there for long! [Homing Spell]. [Hundred Arrows of—]”
The [Mage] was drawing breath. Then—someone picked him up. He screamed. A huge beak descended, and tore off his head. Ferin whirled. Wings flapped around him. Black feathers.
Mavika the Crow launched herself up into the air. She screamed as the Garuda turned.
“Vengeance a thousand times for my coven’s lives!”
“Alevica! What are you doing?”
Ryoka screamed as the wind bore her higher. The Witch Runner was fighting the Face. She was outclassed—the Garuda was dangerous. But she refused to let him attack Ryoka. She screamed back as she lobbed a vial which nearly caught the [Assassin].
“I hate owing debts!”
 
—-
 
Four figures in the sky. The [Emperor] listened. He could sense none of it. Far from Ryoka—and his senses were limited upwards as downwards.
“Mavika made it?”
“She did, your Majesty—”
“Is Ryoka alright?”
Gamel relayed the moment to the [Emperor] as he leaned forwards.
 
—-
 
The Garuda was being fought by two [Witches] in the air. [Witches]! The enemy the Circle of Thorns had so carelessly made! Ryoka felt the wind carrying her up as the [Assassin] came after her.
He was single-minded. Using explosive spells to down the crows trying to peck at him, avoiding the huge primordial avian that was Mavika fused with her raven familiar. Alevica shot upwards, clinging to her broom—but she was burning magic.
“Get higher, Ryoka! Go!”
“I—”
Ryoka could barely talk as the wind passed her. She saw the Garuda lancing up—the wind blew them both left.
More wind! Help me, please! Ryoka called to the air. Below them, the Faces were launching more spells, using scrolls. And she felt malign magic in the air.
“They are summoning spells to kill you. Alevica, eat the hexes!”
Mavika dropped away from a grappling blow with the Garuda. He had stabbed her a dozen times in the chest. She bled—but the giant bird screamed and resumed the attack. She had taken his left leg in vengeance.
Still upwards. The Circle was—casting something. Ryoka felt them trying to drag her down. She fought them.
The wind! Come to me, please! After all that has happened! All that has been sacrificed! 
Other [Mages] were warring for the wind. Magic from Wistram, even Fissival! Fighting for control as the Wind Runner beseeched the wind in a way magic could not. She saw a bolt of lightning arc towards her out of the skies—then away.
