7.59
Page 17
Compared to her youth? Gresaria laughed. But she had children. She had a husband, and that was more than Maviola had ever settled for. Alas. And yet Maviola had been happy.
Sometimes, these days, Gresaria forgot herself. She forgot a ship coming in, and that was an unforgivable mistake. Her aides were well-trained and pointed out the error. But Gresaria had known it was time to retire, perhaps years ago.
Stubbornness had let her cling on. Like Regein—take away her post, and what would she have? Children, but she had raised them to take care of themselves. She feared losing part of herself, growing confused as he.
In her heart, she knew why Maviola had decided to deliver a cure. It was grandiose, attention-seeking. But it was also worthy.
A fitting end to it all. Gresaria walked along the docks, slowly. [Captains] looked up, fearing, perhaps, an inspection. But the harbor was quiet. They too were probably watching scrying orbs.
“Harbormistress. Any words we should be listening to?”
“In a bit, man. Not for you specifically! Sit down and let me walk in peace!”
She pointed at a [Captain] from far north. He laughed and saluted her in a complex gesture from his homeland. She grinned. You had to be salt and steel to deal with this lot.
Ah, well. To the south, Maviola El burned. Gresaria’s head turned. Her white hair, only bearing traces of the green of her youth, her tanned skin, and thicker clothing against the sea’s sometimes merciless breeze, even in summer—that was Gresaria Wellfar.
She walked for only a minute more. Then turned.
One of her aides had been sneaking up behind her. An assistant. Always fretting.
“Girl.”
The assistant jumped. She flinched, fearing Gresaria’s infamous tongue. But the [Harbormistress] only leaned on her spear.
“Fetch me my chariot. And ring the Bell of First Landing.”
The girl’s eyes went round. ‘Girl’, and she was older than Maviola’s body was.
“Harbormistress?”
“Did I misplace my tongue, port-rat?”
The [Harbormistress]’ roar cut the silence on the docks. The silence holding First Landing captive, indeed. The [Assistant] went round-eyed and ran.
Soon—the Bell of First Landing rang. A peal you could not ignore, even in sleep. The [Captains] at the docks, their crew, dropped whatever they were doing. Even watching the events on television. Even preparing to sail.
When the [Harbormistress] called—everyone listened. And yes—even the Five Families, perhaps. The bell rang for attack, for great visitations, and little else.
Her chariot awaited. A Chandrarian war vehicle, lauded by some as a relic, no longer useful. Those who liked to say that had never seen an enchanted chariot bearing down on them with scything blades, or sowing magical spells in the midst of the enemy.
Gresaria had bought it on a whim a long time ago. She ran a hand fondly down the worn, battered sides, lovingly maintained. Then she mounted it.
Two stallions tossed their heads, waiting for her to take the reins. She did so now, in one hand. A practiced [Charioteer] in her own right.
“Harbormistress? Why does the bell ring?”
Again, they called out to her. Warily, standing on their ships. Gresaria saw some noble families, looking up at her.
She rode down the docks, now. And her voice became the bellow you could hear over storms, over the clash of arms. Gresaria had no potion. But she had memory and will.
The Harbormistress of First Landing shouted to the ships. To Houses Veltras, Wellfar, Reinhart, El, and Terland, some of whose nobility lived here. To Ulva Terland, who hid in her estates even now.
