7.59
Page 26
Ryoka reached for her. The [Lady] laughed. She looked at Ryoka. What a cute thing. Then she shook her head.
“Oh, brave girl, you are too kind for this. Ryoka. Carry us with you forever. I hope you meet your friend. Now—run.”
She pushed Ryoka, a burning hand touching the Wind Runner’s arm. They locked eyes and Maviola turned.
“Run, Ryoka Griffin! Deliver Izril’s honor back to it! Deliver life! Run, and don’t look back!”
 
—-
 
But of course, I do.
 
—-
 
Maviola El wheeled her horse. There was no time left for goodbyes. Ryoka ran with a sound like a scream of frustration and grief.
The [Lady] reached for her side. A burned staff of wood, nothing like the white flag she had borrowed. Well, stolen. She would give it back, but Erin might as well make a new one.
The wood burst into flame. Her horse reared, but the banner of fire did not burn it. It burned with gold. Maviola urged her horse to take a path nearly perpendicular to Ryoka.
Glory. The [Assassins] slowed. It was not a light they enjoyed. They looked past Maviola, at Ryoka. Which one had the cure?
“This is my death! You come for me, shadows of Izril! Yet I am Izril’s fire, today! You cannot put me out.”
Maviola cried out. She lifted her banner higher and rode. The [Assassins] looked between her and Ryoka as they raced forwards. Still time yet to choose one path or the other.
She would make sure they followed her. The [Lady]’s teeth bared. Saliss had given them war. She would show them—
“[Path of Flames]. I am Izril’s fire.”
Her horse’s hoofmarks caught fire. In every color imaginable and some that had no name. The [Assassins] saw memory, like fire, burning in Maviola’s wake.
Glory! Sorrow! Rage! Hope! It was a lifetime of flames. And they spread, eating the grass, consuming stone and dirt and magic itself.
The fire raced after her. A sea of glowing flames of every color. It was not like the fires that had tried to consume Riverfarm. A mindless, raging destructive thing.
A sea of fire, stymying the [Assassins]. But honestly—if that had been all her Skills were at Level 50—
She would have been so sorely disappointed.
This was only half of it. Maviola raised the standard higher. For Gresaria! The House of El! She cried out.
“Ride for the House of El! Wake, stones! Fight, children of Izril, for your honor! For your dignity! For the land where we die!”
She pointed. And the flames came together. Rising. No longer a mindless, burning thing. Maviola whispered.
“[Summon Flame Elemental].”
A figure moved in the flames. It snatched at an [Assassin] and the figure turned in horror. Maviola El laughed. An army of fire stirred.
[Bannerlady of Memory’s Flame], Maviola El. She looked and saw Ryoka disappearing amid the trees. What a wonderful forest. Not the Vail Forest, but large enough. She bared her teeth.
“Carry our pride onwards, Runner. Bring hope to those children. Restore our honor. Now, follow me, you shadows.”
She charged, the beings born of flame coming into existence, fighting for her will. For Izril! And the [Assassins] came after her.
They followed her like moths to the brightest light in the world. Unable to even look away. Let alone believe she didn’t hold the cure, the answer, the hope blazing bright across her form.
Maviola El raced into the forest. Her horse fell. She tumbled from the saddle, as the fire engulfed the land around her. Only then did she plant the standard, draw her weapon. Too late—the [Assassins] realized they were trapped by the flames. She smiled as it engulfed them all.
 
—-
 
