7.59
Page 30
They were twisting nature against itself. And nature abhorred it. Ryoka felt the pressure building. The Garuda flew up towards her. The Wind Runner felt the pressure—like when the King of Destruction had been giving her the blessing.
Only a thousand times stronger. Even than a mortal [King]. The wind—the atmosphere—was furious. Too much magic. Bottled up as more mana was pumped into this place.
She just had to—Ryoka unleashed the building storm.
 
—-
 
A cyclone of air blew Mavika and Alevica to earth. Alevica was in free fall—she poured every bit of mana she had into her broom. Every bit of power.
Her broom—snapped. But it stopped her fall. Enough that when she hit the ground—she was bruised instead of splattered. The [Witch] cursed as she got up.
“Ryoka—”
Mavika hit the ground with a crunch. But she too lived. The [Witch] stared at a broken leg, hissing with pain. Her ribs too—her flock was fleeing the unnatural storm.
“That fool! She just unleashed every bit of w—”
Whumph. Both [Witches] turned as something hit the ground ten times harder than they had.
The Garuda. Alevica stared at…what was left. She stared upwards.
“Ryoka did that?”
No, she hadn’t. She’d just unleashed…the Wind Runner was going higher. So high she was a speck.
“She’s lost control. Alevica, we must flee.”
“The [Assassins]?”
Alevica whirled. But they weren’t interested in the [Witches]. They still wanted Ryoka dead. And that wasn’t what Mavika meant. She looked at Alevica.
“You feel it.”
“My hat—”
At last, she did. The Witch Runner paled. And above her—the morning sky turned into something like a glimpse of armageddon. The rains began to fall. The wind picked up.
 
—-
 
“Report! Something’s happening at sea!”
A [Weather Mage] burst into the room full of [Mages] fighting for control of the sky in Wistram. He shoved past the others, ignoring their outrage as he ran for the Archmages. Feor turned. He’d felt it too.
“What is it?”
“Magical Typhoon Erandus is dissipating! No, it’s reforming—”
Feor’s head slowly turned to the orb. It suddenly went dark.
 
—-
 
“You idiots.”
Grand Magus Eldavin felt his ship rock as the magical typhoon which had been blocking Baleros off—teleported. He had sensed the magical war in the skies, even if he hadn’t been interested in why.
Up till now. Had they no idea? So much magic in the air with a magical event like that—he looked up. Suddenly, gale-force winds were blowing off Izril’s shores and he’d just gotten in this boat!
“I’ll have to reinforce the hull. I’d hate to swim. Damn idiots and weather magic…”
He left his bunk, walking calmly onto the deck. Even [Storm Sailors] were panicking. The [Captain] stared as the Grand Mage began casting magic.
Eldavin, Teriarch, paused for a second as the hull glowed, ignoring the wind suddenly, if not the choppy waves. He looked around. And then up.
“It can’t be. Is that—”
 
—-
 
“Ryoka?”
The scrying spell was dead. The wind—Erin ran outside. She looked far north. Beyond even the High Passes. Suddenly—she didn’t know what was happening.
No one did.
 
—-
“We’re losing track of her. She’s too high up, moving too fast.”
The Circle waited. The world waited. But no one knew where Ryoka Griffin was. The Thorns of Death—they looked at each other.
“Then cover the ground! If she doesn’t die—that typhoon won’t last. Teleporting used up most of its magic. It will dissipate within hours. I have seen it before.”
One of the Circle’s members spoke. The others stirred. How did they—? They ordered every agent they had. Not just [Assassins]. As they had decided. All or nothing.
