7.59
Page 23
“They’re coming from ahead. The last of them…damned worthless bodies.”
One of the Faces spat. He was nursing a cut, healing it. They were going to level; these fights were taxing them, unlike Magnolia Reinhart’s ambush.
“Move out! Use a movement Skill—[Haste] us again—”
Ferin pointed at one of the [Assassins]. Only for one of the Faces to step out of the formation.
“I’m out.”
The other Faces turned to him. Half raised their blades at once.
“Treachery.”
He wasn’t one of the…non-recruits. A volunteer, if a Face. The [Assassin] adjusted his hood. He wore no mask. His eyes were red and he looked straight at Ferin, then ahead.
“I can’t do it. I have a favor to fulfill.”
“This is betrayal. The Guild—”
“Try and kill me, then. But you’ll lose your prey.”
The [Assassin] snapped. The others looked at each other. With a curse, they abandoned their comrade. They‘d settle it later. But they were being shaken.
 
—-
 
They caught up again. Ryoka looked back, in despair. Less than an hour and she was running at top speed.
Layering Skills and spells. Fourteen of them. Dead gods.
“Ahead.”
Maviola mumbled. She looked ahead—and Ryoka saw more shapes waiting on horseback.
Ranks. How many more? Probably every one they could spare. Less than eighty, though. The Guild was running out. Yet each one had a horse. And they were blocking the way.
“This…”
Maviola El slowed. She lifted the Kaalblade and met Ryoka’s eyes. The Wind Runner shook her head.
“No. Not—”
“Before the end. You have a way to escape, don’t you?”
“Maybe. But not—”
Not this. The Faces, Maviola—Ryoka saw the [Lady] steel herself.
“I wish I had a Potion of Invisibility to give you. Just run.”
“Take the Wind Runner first.”
A shout from behind. Ryoka saw Maviola curse. Ryoka saw the riders galloping at her. She reached for a scroll.
“Not y—”
[Lesser Teleport]. They winked out of existence. The [Assassins] whirled—Ryoka and Maviola landed past their lines. They began to run, disoriented. The riders turned their horses.
“Have you more?”
No more scrolls! Ryoka reached for potions, a wand—any of the gear she’d had in such profusion. She was almost out of everything. Except her secret weapon, and Maviola could not come with her. She looked over her shoulder.
Someone blew a horn. Ryoka’s head snapped up.
“Another group?”
Maviola El’s eyes flashed with exasperated horror. Ryoka looked ahead.
“No. No! Run!”
She urged Maviola onwards. The [Lady] was uncomprehending, but Ryoka had spied something she hadn’t. The [Lady] looked forwards. And then she saw it.
A flash of…pink. Riding towards them. The [Assassins] slowed. What was this now? They saw dozens upon dozens of figures. All mounted, like them. But not reinforcements for their side. They were—
 
—-
 
“[Knights]. Which Order is that?”
Calirn did not know the almost egregiously pink mail and armor. The Fall’s Sentinel murmured.
“The Knights of the Petal.”
Lady Bethal Walchaís’ personal, elite Order. But not just hers. Calirn saw a Knight of the Clairei Fields. Their coat of arms, wheat like swords, their chest plates bright green and sapphire blue.
He saw two [Knights] bearing colors and sigils unique to them. [Knights], advancing in a long line. Calirn drew his sword as the Order of Seasons cheered their brethren on.
 
—-
 
They had ridden far from Walchaís’ lands. And they were here at their [Lady]’s bidding. The Rose Knights of Izril halted. One of them rode forwards. She nodded as Ryoka and Maviola ran past them. The [Assassins] were slowing; only the Faces continued onwards, joining their ranks and cursing the lesser [Assassins] to move forwards.
