7.59
Page 14
Acid, lightning, fire—some were tangled in webs. Others ran into poison. But too many fought past it, even if they would die soon, to plant a blade on him. Mark him.
A hundred feet. Two hundred. Ryoka was running underwater, held down by chains. If they made it far enough, Saliss could run. But with every step, the Drake bled.
An [Archer] was taking slow aim. Saliss’ head turned. He had to see it.
The glowing relic of the Blighted Kingdom, stolen or bought. A weapon meant to kill the Deathless of the Demon King. Ryoka felt her body weakening around it. Maviola clutched at her heart.
The Face saw them. Perhaps with the arrow, even the potion weakened. For a moment the bow swung—but then she looked back towards the Drake.
Saliss. The [Alchemist] was advancing. A soldier of Pallass. Their greatest adventurer.
“Well? Come on! Show me what Izril fears! Show me, Humans!”
His voice was distorted by the shape changing potions. His body twisted again—into the Scaled Minotaur’s form, healing some of the wounds. He stumbled.
Saliss! But she could not scream it out loud. Maviola was racing ahead. Ryoka looked back as the Drake was borne down by a mass of bodies.
A bloom of fire that scorched himself. The [Alchemist] screamed as even his scales were set alight by the liquid fire that refused to go out. He blew acid that scorched his own scales as one of the Faces reflected the liquid with a Skill.
But he was laughing. The [Archer] lifted her bow, and Saliss looked past her. At Ryoka, perhaps. His lips moved. He was speaking to her.
“So slow. Finally. Finally—what took you?”
That was what he seemed to be saying to her. The Wind Runner saw Saliss’ claw moving, slowly. The [Archer] took aim at his chest. She looked back as she kept running and realized what he meant.
At last, you slow little Runner. You brave kid. At last—
You’re out of range.
Six hundred feet, past the army. Over the bridge, now. Ryoka saw the [Alchemist] turn out the precious belt from which he’d drawn his arsenal. Spent now, so much gold.
But look what I had left. The first rank of [Assassins] stared at the pile of bottles, vials, tinctures, draughts, in every shape and size. Glass orbs, long tubes, jars like the ones Erin used, metal containers or enchanted materials to contain what lay within.
Everything. The [Archer] with the Deathslayer Arrow hesitated. She looked at the Named Adventurer. Then she lowered the relic and turned.
“No—”
The Ranks saw the Faces backing up. Too slow. They turned to flee, and the army of [Assassins] looked at the laughing Drake. Their courage left them.
He was as mad as they were. 
Shadowed figures leapt away. Running. Too late. Ryoka and Maviola looked back. The [Lady] was dragging at Ryoka as the Wind Runner screamed, ignoring the invisibility spell. The Drake was looking at Ryoka, shaking his head.
He spread his arms wide, posing for a moment. A thousand feet away now—more—Saliss of Lights opened one vial. It sparked. He poured the substance out. One second. The liquid tumbled through the air. Towards the ground.
Reaction. Alchemy was all about reactions. Science now—that was different. What would happen when the explosive liquid ignited all his potions? Potions meant to heal, to harm—hundreds, all at once?
Even he didn’t know.
Saliss looked up at Ryoka. She saw him relax. In the moment as the crimson-gold liquid splashed downwards, she saw him smile. Wave.
She tried to hang on, turn and run. But she had no [Immortal Moment]. Saliss closed his eyes.
“I never told you, did I? My real name…”
