7.60
Page 27
Like the Gnoll who stood on Pallass’ walls. He had worked all night. Feverish. But now—the [Soldiers] who liked to mock him were staring. Eying something different than the feathered wings. It looked like wings still. But the fabric, the copy—
He leapt. And the Flying Gnoll of Pallass, Felkhr, jerked as something happened. His usual falling turned into—the Pallassian [Soldiers] on the walls stared. Someone fainted.
“I’m flying! I’m f—”
Felkhr shouted as the wind let him glide down the walls. Then he made a rookie’s mistake in the annals of flight.
Encouraged by his performance thus far, he tried to flap the wing-gliders he’d fashioned. Instantly, he lost the air resistance and went into a nosedive.
Everyone winced. Potions of Featherfalling normally saved Felkhr. Not this time; he’d gone down faster due to the aerodynamics of the wings.
“I—I was flying—”
They ported him off the ground in a stretcher. The Gnoll lay there, moaning. Both his arms were broken.
It wasn’t the first time, but this time hurt more. He was onto something! He was close! The Gnoll almost wept with frustration. His head lolled back.
Had he fallen unconscious—not a good thing as the [Healer] kept slapping him awake so they could set the arms and tend to the bleeding first—he might have been rewarded.
But perhaps that was just as well. Someone caught him in the knot of onlookers. The Flying Gnoll moaned as he was carried towards one of the large elevators.
“I was so close—”
“You’ll do better next time. And I think I can improve your designs. You don’t flap the wings, see. Not unless you had a lot more coverage. You could probably enchant them, but you’re doing it wrong. You’re way too heavy, to begin with.”
Someone spoke to him. The Gnoll, through a haze of pain, looked up.
“Wh—who’re you?”
The voice was so confident. The young man stepped into the Flying Gnoll’s line of view.
“I’m Troy. And I like flying.”
 
—-
 
The chess tournament was Olesm vs Bird. Erin vs the magical chessboard.
The Earl vs Chaldion. For round one. Lesser players queued up, but the line of other Pallassian [Strategists] and Kiish and Belgrade were putting down weaker players before they ran into the top seeds.
And here was the competitive spirit. The Earl half-turned in his seat as he placed a knight, threatening two pieces at once. Chaldion looked annoyed as Altestiel smiled at Erin.
“You are aware, Miss Solstice, that your chess ability is so supreme that it is actually of considerable material value? One can level after playing you, and I would imagine that the effect reduces quite considerably after the first few games—but any [Strategist] or [General] would benefit from playing you. So long as they continued to struggle. I wonder if anyone ever mentioned that to you outright? I feel it is only natural to do so.”
Olesm guiltily knocked over a piece. Chaldion regarded the Earl steadily as Erin blinked and looked up. The [Grand Strategist] interrupted Erin’s reply.
“That was obvious, I assumed, Earl Altestiel. If I lost my first game against Miss Solstice, I might have benefitted more. Unfortunately, I won.”
The [Knight Marshal]’s smile faded. The two stared at each other and went back to the game. Erin finished her game with her opponent first. She was instantly deluged in offers for a game while the Earl and Chaldion played a slow—intense grudge-match.
“Kiish. Play this board. I’ll wait for the next opponent.”
Erin thrust the [Strategist] into the seat across from the magical chessboard, which was resetting its side. The [Strategist] instantly froze up.
“Me? Play—”
