7.60
Page 33
The man’s face fell. Meanwhile, Hexel asked the others to respond. He didn’t even have to repeat the question. They came through one at a time—until one man blustered at the back.
“No, obviously not! This is such a waste of time…”
The truth stone glowed…violet. Erin’s head turned. Todi’s head snapped around.
“Back! Wands up!”
Instantly, his entire team lifted [Wands of Fireball]. Hexel was already slithering back. The man froze as Liska stared at the glowing wands.
“Don’t shoot! Liska’s there!”
Erin shouted. Hexel was looking at the stone. He peeked out from behind Todi.
“Half-truth. They’re not entirely lying…”
The white-faced man was backed against the wall, scrambling to open the door. Todi cocked a crossbow and aimed it at his stomach.
“Don’t move or we’ll nail you to the wall. Got it?”
“Okay! Don’t hurt me!”
The man began to sob. He was not an [Assassin]. Or the stone would have been red. Todi’s Elites made him divest himself of his belt, his money pouch, and his dagger. They got the truth out of him as the crowd watched at a safe distance.
“I was supposed to hire her. By any means necessary! Steal her recipe book, otherwise! I’m just an agent! I’m not a [Thief], though! I’m just a [Line Cook]! Don’t eat me!”
He begged to Erin. She blinked. Eat him? And who was he pointing at?
Imani. The [Cook] looked exasperated.
“I’m teaching people recipes! Steal my book? You could buy a copy of whatever you wanted! I…”
Her face turned thoughtful.
“I could hold classes.”
Hexel slithered over to Erin as the panic subsided. The [Innkeeper] was about to go to the finals of the game—when he stopped her.
“That is a stopgap. There are criminals and other classes who can beat an average truth stone. But as I said, I worked last night on designs and I can continue to do so. Add some design-based improvements to your inn to complement your Skills—your [Grand Theatre], for instance. I’ve worked with similar Skills.”
“Really?”
Erin brightened up at once. Then her face fell.
“H-how much would it cost…?”
Lyonette was there in a moment. Apista buzzed off her shoulder, chasing Erin away.
“Erin, allow me to handle this.”
She smiled at the Lamia. The [Architect] watched Erin run back to her chess tourney in some relief, and then Apista go back to terrorizing guests with her very presence.
The [Princess] and [Architect] had some measure of each other. They regarded each other in silence. Then, Lyonette gave him a sweet smile. She didn’t insult him by wasting his time, but she ushered him over to a table. A drink was already waiting—the sweet milkshakes the Lamia loved.
“Master Hexel, in addition to free room and board for you and your team—and we can certainly upgrade you to a room of your design, and individual rooms for your assistants if you would like—what else can we offer in addition to your fees?”
The Lamia chuckled as he took the milkshake and sipped gently.
“Ah, a reasonable Human at last! Well, to begin with, do you offer private dining?”
Lyonette’s eyes sparkled.
“Exclusive. A permanently reserved room for you and any guest? Antinium Workers can serve it; complete anonymity. Unlimited drinks from the bar, save for obviously excessive consumption?”
Hexel smiled widely.
“I think we can talk. Oh yes, indeed.”
 
—-
 
The final chess game of the tourney began. You could focus on chess—but there was so much going on that sometimes it was a waste.
Chess did not define everything. Then again—he did so love it.
Earl Altestiel watched Erin Solstice play an opponent who was unknown—and who he thought he knew.
