7.60
Page 13
Erin waved an urgent hand. Then recalled that you didn’t tell strangers your Skill. And perhaps she shouldn’t have been shouting it all the time. But they never came with instruction manuals! The Earl smiled into one hand.
“A [Boon] Skill is a rarer form of Skill, Miss Erin. Blessings and boons are the purview of very high-level individuals—and usually rulers.”
“Oh. Well…I got mine. Which doesn’t mean anything.”
Erin hesitated. Level 45 [Magical Innkeeper]. She felt like it was hovering over her head, but Saliss’ ring should be protecting her.
“Indeed. I’m unfamiliar with [Boon of the Guest], however. Kiish? Ventel?”
He gestured and the two [Strategists] stepped forwards. Kiish was consulting a book.
“…It is not immediately within our records, Earl. But then—this is the battlefield edition.”
“Is that…a book of Skills?”
Olesm had seen the like at Manus. He edged over slowly and Kiish gave him a long look. The Drake stopped—she edged back and then jumped in alarm. Numbtongue and Mrsha were peering over her shoulder.
“And their effects. I’m not surprised. We could inquire of Desonis’ libraries…but there is usually a simpler way. Miss Erin—that is to say, Erin. Would you concentrate on your Skill? Surely you feel something is missing.”
That was true. The [Innkeeper] had felt similar promptings before, like how [Basic Cooking] helped her cook dishes. Now—she felt the urge to…
“Hm. I think I can use it. [Boon of the Guest]. But I’m trying to give a boon. What is the boon? Is it me?”
…No, it’s not. Erin’s eyes opened. Her instincts had said to use it on Olesm, Mrsha. That was correct. So what was missing?
“What is a guest’s boon, anyways? I’m familiar with other [Boons], Earl Altestiel.”
“Indeed, Strategist Olesm. Boon of the Whetstone, Blessing of Armor, as the King of Destruction indicated—normally they’re quite straightforward. A boon is singular, by the way, Erin. Whereas a blessing is usually more widespread.”
“Ah. Well, maybe…”
Erin had a thought. The other two were speculating. Erin looked around.
Guests. Her guests were there. Some familiar, many new. She didn’t see Wilovan or Ratici. Oh. No.
Poor Teor. Erin had heard he’d…she closed her eyes. And Lord Toldos! She had asked him first, after Lord Sanito. And he had agreed without an objection.
Redit…Maviola’s friend, Gresaria Wellfar…they had been here moments. And slipped away. Erin remembered them, though.
Old guests and new. Once—she looked around as a familiar, scarred Drake laughed. Menolit. He was a regular face.
But once there had been another Drake. Even bigger, laughing, causing trouble…
“It’s possible that it needs to be a guest. In which case, we should ask Palt. Hey, P—”
Olesm was waving a claw at the Centaur when Erin’s hand descended on his shoulder. He looked back in time for him to see her eyes flash.
For a moment, her hazel irises lit up.
“[Boon of the Guest: Relc]!”
Olesm staggered. Altestiel’s head snapped around. Mrsha whirled. Numbtongue looked around as Olesm blinked.
“What the—I feel—”
He felt at his chest. And then at his arms. Erin blinked at Olesm. Was his voice…deeper? And the [Strategist], who had been decently fit, suddenly looked muscular.
“Yeah. Yeah! I feel amazing!”
Olesm flexed his arms. Erin stared at him.
“Olesm? Are you stronger?”
“Let me see! Where’s—aha!”
Olesm looked around. Then he found a table and lifted it up.
“Hey, our food—”
One of the protesting diners stopped as the heavy, wooden table lifted off the ground. Olesm grunted, and the wood rose…
“No way.”
