7.60
Page 32
“That is insane. You made that for fun?”
“You didn’t like it?”
“I did, but—why are you helping? Not that I mind, Hexel, but—you have a job.”
The [Architect] smiled with his pointed teeth.
“I do. It’s self-interest as much as my occupation. I wouldn’t like to have the door stolen, or have [Assassins] bothering me in my sleep. I’ve nearly died once on Izril; that’s enough. If you’d like, I can work on a simple security system and have it done…today?”
“Wh—the door entryway?”
“No. That’s quite another thing. You would have to dedicate a room—and even with my Skills and Antinium labor, it would take longer. I mean, a security system just in the interim. It is remarkably easy. Give me one hour and the use of your Workers?”
Erin ran to get Belgrade.
 
—-
 
She played two more long games against the Earl and Chaldion and beat both in the next hour. At the same time her mysterious chess opponent did the same.
Undefeated. They were playing at the top of their games. Erin was angling for a rematch when Hexel told her the ‘security device’ was done.
She found him overseeing an archway just over the door. It was ‘locked’ into the wall with a variant of the door-latch system he’d showed her. A very simple one, but he’d attached a metal lock to the bar.
“What is this?”
The archway looked close to one of those Japanese arches in temples to Erin’s eyes. The wood was…different.
“I had the Antinium and my assistants cut this to design. It’s just an amplifying design, Miss Solstice. Now—install it there, and there, please.”
The Antinium were already lowering the beams of the arch into the hallway. They’d cut holes perfectly fitting the pieces. Hexel was admiring of their technique.
“Antinium have a wonderful design system. Positively reminiscent of Dullahans, actually. Their concept of building individual pieces that can be assembled on-location is so much more efficient than static designs. And…aha!”
He gestured to the arch, a tiny bit smaller than the hallway itself. People would pass through…and it had something in the center. A socket. Erin stared at it blankly.
“It looks nice. But what’s it for?”
Hexel produced a glowing gem. He showed it to Erin.
“This is mine. The archway goes here. Truth stone embeds here.”
He reached up as the stone glowed blue. Erin’s eyes widened as Hexel extended his body and placed the stone in the socket.
“Truth spells can replace it later, but your average truth stone won’t run out of charge for three days…now, we test it. You there. Halt!”
Liska, who’d let in another group from Invrisil, looked up. And the mob of mostly-Humans stopped in their tracks. Hexel gestured at the stone, concealed from them.
It was about twelve people. The Lamia addressed them as they looked uncertainly at him and Erin.
“All of you. Are you entering this inn for malign purposes of any kind, be that theft, subterfuge, violence, magical works, or any purpose that goes against the interests of Liscor, The Wandering Inn, or the occupants of each? Answer one at a time, please.”
He pointed at the woman in front. She hesitated.
“No?”
The truth stone glowed blue. Erin clapped her hands together as she realized. How simple! And how elegant! Todi and his Elites, who’d been doing the same with truth stones, looked at the [Architect].
“Trust a [Builder] to make it simple. Alright, Miss! Go on through. Next!”
The Gold-rank Captain motioned the woman through with the voice of command. Erin stared at Todi.
“Thanks. Um. Who the heck are you?”
