7.60
Page 19
“We’ll need to upgrade everything as she said. Well, we already have suitable housing. Gifts—there’s Ryoka’s work to be done. But let’s devote every resource towards the party. I will leave it in your capable hands to directly manage it, Rie.”
“Your confidence in me is—is very gratifying, Emperor Godart.”
“Mhm.”
That was all he said. The [Lady]’s loyalty might never have been higher. As for Laken Godart himself—he drummed his fingers on his leg.
“That statue of Ivolethe, Rie? Have two more made. Tell Jelov if he can’t get one done within three days, I’ll ask for the others to do it. And do we have [Poets]?”
“A smattering, amateur, one with the class as their main, Emperor.”
“Have them come to me later today. I think some suitable odes would be in order. Now…”
He leaned back and tracked the progress of the two [Witches]. Then he heard them.
“Stop! Would you stop—”
Alevica was screaming as they screeched into Riverfarm. And it was a scream, a howl of wind.
They’d replaced her broom. After all, it was just a broom. Alevica had spares. But—the problem the Witch Runner had was that she wasn’t flying.
Mavika’s leg was still broken, and set. So she’d decided to use Alevica’s broom. They were flying through the air like an arrow, weaving through trees on the ground—Mavika the Crow seemed to be enjoying herself.
“You’re insane! How do you know how to fly?”
“Did you think you were the only [Witch] who ever tried?”
Mavika’s voice was almost amused. She was sitting side-saddle on the broom, her splinted leg and good one dangling as her flock trailed behind. She remained like that even as the broom slowly rotated her upside down—to avoid a branch.
That was more than Alevica could do. The [Witch] was holding onto the broom’s bottom and flying along behind.
They passed over a large crowd toasting the preening Centaur and slowed at last. Mavika lowered the broom as Alevica ran to throw up. And there she was.
Charlay the Dustrider was being celebrated. Modesty was…not in her nature.
“There I was, eleven [Assassins] on my tail! But I kicked up a dust cloud and circled back around—they never saw me coming!”
The proud Centaur was itching to demonstrate her new Skills. Her enthusiastic crowd…backed up. They were all set for listening to the local heroine’s tales, but they were getting tired of the clouds of dust she could generate with her hooves.
 
—-
 
Those who were not laughing or smiling came for lunch. They had a bit of trouble entering, though.
“Hold on. Who’re you lot. Shady buggers.”
“Who are you, sir?”
Wilovan, Ratici, and the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings stared at the group of adventurers letting people enter the inn.
“Captain Todi of Todi’s Elites. Making sure no bastards come into this inn—just a bit of pro bono work, actually. And you’re a group of ne’er-do-wells if I ever saw ‘em. Here, Miss Solstice, should we kick ‘em back—”
“Wilovan, Ratici!”
Erin shoved Todi out of the way. She grabbed the two Gentlemen Callers and hugged them tight.
“How are you? Come in. All of you!”
The Brothers stirred. They had hoped—not even expected—an open door. But what they got was a free lunch, drinks—
Friendship. Captain Todi was promptly ignored as Erin sat with the Brothers. She had abandoned a game of chess for it, having given her last boon and realized that it was running out of power.
