7.60
Page 25
“Absolutely, your Majesty. We have a small selection—I will send it via the Mage’s Guild.”
“Good. Now you will answer my queries. You are the inventor of these…bicycles?”
The delicate question made Kevin hesitate. This was where it got tricky. He’d done this before and slowly replied.
“It’s…a collaboration, your Majesty. The idea isn’t mine. I’m just a [Mechanic] that puts together the pieces which are made by Masters—”
“Then where does the notion of this device hail from? Some…new…creation?”
“I’m afraid I can’t reveal confidential details, your Majesty. It’s…new, yes.”
“I…see. The secrets shall remain thusly, then. Send your selection to my Mage’s Guild.”
The pregnant pauses could have formed a baby shower. Kevin was sweating. But he’d deflected well enough.
“At once, your Majesty. And we will deliver the first bicycle to you right away—”
And notify everyone else they’re being bumped down the list. Kevin was no entrepreneur, but he’d heard of bidding wars over less back home. You could dream. He relaxed—a moment too soon.
The voice of the undead ruler spoke through the speaking stone.
“This is well. I await your work with interest. And should your work please me, Khelt’s borders will lie open to you and your kin. Remember that, Kevin of Earth. I shall not forget your name.”
Kevin’s fingers slipped. He gasped and involuntarily, spoke.
“How did—”
He snapped his mouth shut. But too late. The chuckle was all he heard—then the bone speaking charm disintegrated. Kevin stared at the bone dust on his table.
They knew. And there were some smart people out there. The kind who had insight. Who listened. Who looked for the root of things.
Kevin’s papers scattered as he vaulted his desk and ran.
 
—-
 
It was too late to put the Djinni back in the bottle. Too late to take back awareness.
Too late to take back friendships, too.
Delanay d’Artien waved at the group being cheered into Invrisil. The Silver Swords were still a bit grimy, but they entered the city to wild cheers. Ylawes looked right at his childhood friend and Delanay blinked as he saw Ylawes’ intent gaze.
 
—-
 
It was unmistakable. Look at them. Even if they hid their levels via anti-appraisal gear. Look at them.
Erin Solstice. Lyonette. Standing amid [Actors], an Earl, Antinium unlike any other—
It was only a matter of time. And with that understanding, everything shifted. Sometimes you had to be bold.
Erin Solstice was talking urgently with Kevin. The young man was wide-eyed. She pointed towards the Garden.
The Gnoll sighed as he stood, adjusting his clothing. Damn well past time. He strode forwards.
“Miss Solstice? My name is Ferris—”
He got that out before someone shoved him. The Gnoll stumbled. Erin’s head turned. Ferris turned.
“Excuse me—”
Someone dragged him off his feet. The [Infiltrator] went for his sidearm. But he paused as he felt the prick on his fur.
“Ferry! My old buddy! Let’s go for a drink!”
A grinning Gnoll had grabbed him. The same one who pushed him. Ferris growled, on sudden alert.
“I’m sorry, I think you’re—”
He heard a whisper, in his mind. A kind of sub-vocalization Skill that you used if you had certain classes.
“You’re out of your jurisdiction, Manus. Play along. Pallass’ Eyes.”
The Gnoll grinned at him. Ferris twisted, debating his options. And he saw someone stroll past him, using a cane for support.
“Well, well. It seems there are some interesting players in the inn today. Would you mind if I joined your company?”
Altestiel had sensed the intruder and his escort before seeing him. The [Knight Marshal] was already on his feet.
Erin’s head turned.
