7.60
Page 0

A day had passed since the run that defined Izril, for a moment. No—just a night. And what a sleepless night, for so many.
The electric shock of adrenaline in the veins, the excitement. The grief and fury and satisfaction of victory—all of that mixed together in the body, both chemical, emotional, until sleep was an impossibility.
Rewatch the clips being broadcast on Wistram News Network. Talk with the others who’d seen it. Speculate. Worry.
The day after an event as momentous as the ‘Wind Runner’s Delivery’—or perhaps, ‘Maviola El’s Final Ride’—or ‘Saliss of Lights Saves Those Stupid Humans From Themselves’ as the other species were naming the event, was far too much to process.
Especially if you weren’t used to such moments in your life. A certain [Innkeeper] and her clientele, for instance, could actually get some sleep after the events of the run. Even if they worried for Ryoka Griffin. Even if friends had died—they had lived through such days.
The unprepared did not sleep. And indeed, he was so exhausted that after riding for two hours and returning the plough horse he’d borrowed, Farmer Lupp practically collapsed into his bed.
He could have slept for sixteen hours, despite going to sleep as the sun was rising. As it turned out, he got exactly three hours.
Someone knocked on his door, loudly. The [Farmer] ignored it until the banging became too loud to ignore. He stumbled upright.
“Corn crows take it, who’s making a racket at…?”
Well, it was a proper time to get up. The [Farmer] blearily looked around, and realized he didn’t need to put on clothes; he’d had them on.
He walked towards the door. Scowling at first. Then smiling.
She did it. The Wind Runner, Ryoka Griffin. Someone he knew. Come to that—all of Reizmelt had celebrated. Lupp would have stuck around, but the huge gathering didn’t suit him. And he’d been happy enough to see the Lischelle-Drakle family receive news that their daughter was well.
Maybe he’d head into the city, see if people were still talking about it. Bring some corn, roast it and share it about.
The [Farmer] was smiling as he opened the door. Right up until he saw the four people standing on his doorstep.
“Farmer Lupp.”
It was not a question. The [Farmer] looked at the four people. They wore ordinary traveller’s clothing. Innocuous, inconspicuous, bearing common self-defense weapons. A dagger, a sword, a bow on one’s back and a small quiver. They could have been [Hunters] and perhaps if he saw them on the road, riding the four horses tied to his gate, Lupp would have ignored them completely.
…What made them different today was that they had put on hoods, tied strips of cloth over their faces, covering all but their eyes. A simple disguise you could put on and take off in a minute.
[Assassins]. The [Farmer] tried to back up. One of the four swung up a crossbow and aimed it at his chest.
“I—I—I don’t have much gold. It’s under my bed—”
He started, even as he knew that wasn’t why they were here. The [Assassin] looked at him.
“Farmer Lupp. Local [Farmer], grower of corn—”
“Good corn.”
One of them had plucked some freshly grown corn. Lupp, for a moment, was terribly offended. He defended his corn against crows and thieves—the scarecrow standing in the field was proof of that. As if that was the worst sin they would commit on his land this morning.
“T-that’s me. If you’re here to rob me—”
He had gold from Lady Bethal, who bought his corn these days. The [Assassin] shook his head.
“You know why we’re here.”
“I don’t—please—”
“Farmer Lupp. An acquaintance of the Wind Runner of Reizmelt, Ryoka Griffin. A…friend.”
