7.60
Page 8
Away from Izril’s north, boiling with anger. Away from bloodshed. The news was focused on all these things of course, the discourse of the world obsessing over the new Courier, the implications, a weakened Izril…
But this time, this time, they hadn’t missed it. It had been a tagline on other events around Liscor, the Wyvern attack on Pallass. Hints of it had appeared before.
Now—it was impossible to ignore. It was a name, which was suddenly on everyone’s tongues. Multiple names.
The Wandering Inn. Liscor. And, following that, an almost inevitable question.
“Who is Erin Solstice?”
Why was that name important? Yet—if you traced why the [Lord] of House Everight had fought at Invrisil—why Grimalkin of Pallass had been seen fighting—the Black Tide…it came down to a name.
Erin Solstice. You had to be smart to uncover that name. Most curious viewers would only get as far as ‘The Wandering Inn’, and only if they broke down the events at Invrisil in a meaningful way.
Most remember Maviola El, Saliss of Lights, Ryoka Griffin, as the names. But the clever ones?
“Who is Erin Solstice?”
The question appeared on the streets of Liscor. Humans from Invrisil sidled up to groups of Drakes or Gnolls. Hello, fellow citizen! What an event. I am much shock! Are you? We are all friends here. What say you know about Erin Solstice?
…About that level of subterfuge, from some of them. The Liscorians would give the Humans odd looks. They were clearly outsiders, but they were only too happy to talk.
“The Crazy Human of Liscor? Been here for ages. You want to know about her?”
And of course, they did. So the others would chuckle, motion a friend over, and relay what was almost becoming a sport of its own, or tradition in Liscor. Telling stories of the [Innkeeper]. Erin Solstice.
“Now, look. She might look normal on the outside. But she’s strong as a [Minotaur]. Once beat a [Knight] barehanded. I saw it myself.”
“She’s actually an adventurer. Went into Liscor’s dungeon. You didn’t hear about that? She’s a retired adventurer—carries jars of acid around.”
“The best chess player in all of Liscor. She beat our [Strategist] on her first day here. Undefeatable. I tried playing her myself—she beat me while making a pie! Without even looking at the board!”
“She’s actually not entirely Human. Part-Drake. Oldblood. She can spit blood. It’s like, her special attack. That, and throwing frying pans. Why? Don’t ask me. She’s crazy.”
“Employs Goblins and Antinium. Not that there’s anything wrong with either! I know this Painted Worker—has a bee on his chest and yellow striped antennae. I wave at him all the time. There’s some good ones! Anyways, they’re her security.”
“Don’t kill Goblins. Don’t even joke about that. She’s mad. Rip your legs off and beat you to death with them. She’s so crazy, she destroyed her own inn. Twice! Burned it down just to build it up again.”
The [Informants] and such were writing down notes frantically. The happy citizens went on.
“She makes all kinds of new food. Well—brings ‘em over. She’s Terandrian, I think. A [Princess]—or related to the throne. I’ve heard it, now and then.”
“She’s been married. At least once. Young, for her age, but then, I was married at sixteen myself. To a Gnoll. That’s the little white Gnoll running about.”
And inevitably, at some point, one of the others would interrupt.
“Hold on, that’s not true! That kid’s the last Gnoll of a tribe. The Human only rescued her. Fought the Goblin Lord one-on-one.”
