7.60
Page 18
The Centenium paused and turned back to Pawn. She was going to investigate Yellow Splatters. She looked mystified at the pushback in Pawn’s words. Then she smiled.
“Of course you do not desire it. How amusing. How amusing…”
She walked off, chuckling. Pawn watched her back. And he thought—the Antinium should have a farm on the surface, as they had been offered. Just a farm. Xrn, he realized, thought of some great conflict. Yet Pawn was realizing more and more that someone had to save the Antinium. Find them a safe place, not a temporary reprieve. Erin had begun it. And she had helped make him.
He would have to do it himself.
 
—-
 
Another level of note was the first in the entire existence of the young…woman…who sat in her room. She had declined to join the hustle and bustle below.
She could hear the chatter. Laughter, Erin’s voice. And then the game outside. She could hear more clearly. Her eyes felt sharper, and they had been already capable of perfect night-vision.
The sunlight streamed through one window. Fierre could have left the shutters closed. But she was watching the ray of light from the shadows.
Slowly—she extended a hand. Moving it through the ray of light. Instantly, her skin turned dark, as if it had tanned for hours. She regarded the peeling skin after a second pass, the red sunburn.
But it faded. She would heal. She had to know how weak she was.
Because she was strong.
Fierre’s stomach did not growl, as it had almost continuously after Ryoka had given her the potion. She sat, languid, able to think. And she realized she’d been operating on a lower level of energy and thought. Because she had been starving.
Only now, she knew what she was missing.
A Level 7 [Assassin]. A Vampire. She bared her teeth. That kind of…windfall…wouldn’t come so easily again. Amid the distraction, with all those—
But now she knew. Fierre smacked her lips together. Felt it again. She made a sound.
“Hrkgh. Hkk. Hk—”
It was…rather like watching a cat throw up a hairball. With about as much grace and appeal. Fierre slowly regurgitated something black into her hand. She regarded it.
“…Ew.”
She went for the charcoal pills she’d had made up. But secretly, as she wiped at the bile in her mouth, she was very pleased. And—confident. She felt so confident now. Invrisil? She was done with Reizmelt, honestly. Invrisil would be her home.
The Vampire stretched. Someone—something was on her side. Ryoka, perhaps. And she was on Ryoka’s. She lay back. Her class was attuned to her—[Assassin] wasn’t her first choice, but it was a good one for an information broker like her. And clearly—it was giving her the Skills she needed.
Her very first one had been [Body: Reject Toxins]. Fierre began to chuckle to herself. She rolled over on the floor, languid, powerful, a True Vampire of Izril—
And rolled into the ray of light.
“Aah! Ow, ow, ow!”
 
—-
 
The last great leveler among the many was not someone Erin knew. Nor was she at The Wandering Inn.
The two [Witches] spotted her on their way back towards Riverfarm. Laken Godart waited for them. The [Emperor] was suddenly very busy, having established more of his credentials by their involvement.
And more—because he was suddenly a firm believer that the party could happen.
“Lady Maviola El. Quite a striking person, eh, Rie?”
“Absolutely, your Majesty.”
The nervous [Lady] watched as the flame-haired woman rode off. Neither one mentioned the fact that she wasn’t going to return that horse. Laken nodded.
