7.60
Page 17
“Shut up, Issa. Artichokes won’t kill you.”
Erin bustled into her kitchen, happy as could be. Her forays into magical food had paid off! Indeed, even the giant artichoke leaf sandwich was a thousand times more appealing than…blue sludge. Someone actually ordered it just to see what it tasted like.
“A job to the north? Think we might get any takers?”
Keldrass and his team, relaxing after their combat as well. Bevussa could only shrug; her team could fly to their destination and back, meaning they didn’t have nearly the same travel time and they could deploy faster.
“But the Flamewardens are the mostly highly-armored, elite group in the region.”
Bevussa snorted at that. Jelaqua raised a fist and punched Keldrass in the shoulder.
“Only because you outbid us for the Heartflame Breastplate, scalehead.”
The Oldblood Drake smirked. Right up until Selys slapped her forehead.
“Oh, Ancestors. I forgot. This isn’t a great time to bring it up, but—Keldrass? Once your lease of the Heartflame Armor is up, it’s actually going to General Edellein. Or Pallass in general. They want to lease it for a month and…they’re paying a lot more. Sorry.”
“What? But I’ve been wearing it for—”
Keldrass choked on his drink as Jelaqua chortled. The Drake tried to argue, but he wasn’t really able to outbid Pallass. He looked like he was going to cry.
 
—-
 
Everything was changing. Not just in the inn. Levels had been earned by many after the battle in Invrisil. Almost everyone who had fought had leveled, come to that. But among the notable levels were…
Pawn. The [Priest] was walking the Painted Antinium’s barracks in his Hive. He should have been at the inn. And he would be.
But he was mourning the dead. There were always dead. Precious few in this battle. Only six Soldiers and eight Workers had fallen and the Black Tide had marched on Invrisil.
He was responsible for that. And Xrn. Yet still.
The Centenium was waiting for him after he turned from the fresh markings on the wall.
“A strange Antinium, even for an Individual. We did not mourn our dead—save for the greatest among us. You though—you treat each Antinium as if they were Centenium or Queens.”
“Should I not?”
Xrn tilted her head as she considered the [Priest]’s question.
“I am not Klbkch. If you wish to, I can only admire such beliefs. But I will not share them. If I cared, I could not sacrifice.”
“That is at least better than Klbkch.”
Pawn replied slowly. He had seen Xrn wiping out her enemies, flying overhead, like a figure out of Ryoka and Erin’s tales.
A peak of might. Compared to her…but Pawn was growing stronger. And Xrn knew it too.
“You are beginning to learn more tenets of your class. A different power. And it comes from…Heaven? Belief, rather than a thing?”
She asked him about that constantly. Pawn nodded.
“As ever.”
“Good. Keep it that way. And show me—your new Skill.”
Pawn hesitated. Xrn was pushy. Klbkch was authoritative, though. He put two of his four hands together, and murmured.
“[Prayer: A Leaf in the Storm].”
He felt it working. A tiny thing, here. But if Antinium prayed together as they marched—Xrn studied Pawn. She raised her staff.
“[Ice Spike].”
She loosed it at his shoulder. The spike of ice shot towards Pawn. He flinched; but at the last moment something pushed the spike slightly to the side. It missed him.
“That was dangerous, Xrn.”
She ignored him.
“A Skill that allows the Antinium to march through missiles and even spells. Magnificent. You have the Skills that we needed in the first and second wars.”
“But they are not Skills I desire to use for war.”
