7.60
Page 14
Erin breathed. Olesm’s grip slipped as Mrsha hopped on the table. It fell with a crash.
“I’m stronger! Did you see that?”
“The boon is your guests? The variety—”
Kiish stared at Erin. The Earl, meanwhile, was laughing. Olesm seemed to have inherited more than just Relc’s famous strength though, or maybe it was the sudden rush of power.
“I feel tougher. Is this how Relc feels all the time? I need—”
“To the weights room! We have to quantify this!”
Palt galloped over, followed by Montressa and Bezale. Olesm looked up.
“Yeah! Let’s go!”
They practically left Erin in the dust. And half the inn—Erin was actually unable to follow the blue-scaled Drake as a flood of people went after him.
“Whoa! We need bigger hallways! Hey—I’m the one with the Skill! Hey—”
She stumbled. Someone caught her.
“You do realize what this means, don’t you?”
She blinked. The Earl had remained. Even his company was pushing to see, and discovering the weights room along with a lot of guests. Altestiel was looking at Erin.
“It means the boon can be a lot of guests? I dunno.”
The [Innkeeper] met his eyes innocently. Altestiel smiled.
“You had the same thought I did. Any guest means any guest, surely? Such as…”
Xrn the Small Queen? Ilvriss? Relc? Klbkch?
…Zel?
Erin had thought the exact same thing. She took a slow breath. Altestiel was a bit worrying. In that…he wasn’t fooled. He’d seen too much of what she could do, too soon.
“I…who were you thinking of?”
“To name a few names? Xrn. Myself. Magnolia Reinhart.”
That last one surprised Erin. She thought for a moment and then smiled.
“Not Magnolia.”
“Not Magnolia Reinhart? Is it her level?”
The Earl was surprised. Erin shook her head.
“She’s never been a guest. She came through the door once, but she wasn’t exactly a guest. You…I don’t think you’re quite right either. But Zel—I think I could do a bit of Zel.”
She frowned, puzzling it out. It was because…the Earl was probably around Zel’s level. Maybe even lower? Erin didn’t know that, but they were close enough.
“It’s because…Zel was a guest for a long time. You’ve only been here twice.”
“Ah. A Skill worthy of the [Innkeeper] indeed. One cannot simply steal a guest’s full might.”
Erin laughed lightly. But she was edging away from Altestiel ever-so-slowly. He was giving her a very disconcerting look.
One full of admiration.
“I guess…not. It’s not like Olesm’s that strong, anyways.”
“Dead gods, did you see how much that was?”
The roar came from the weights room. Erin scowled. She looked at Altestiel. The Earl was chuckling. Then he looked at Erin, seriously.
“Miss Erin Solstice. I have no intention of purloining the secrets of your class—or Skills. If my understanding made you uncomfortable, I sincerely apologize. It is simply—”
He gestured towards her. Towards the inn. The [Knight Marshal of the Rains] bowed slightly, towards the shorter, younger [Innkeeper]. Erin tensed—Lyonette peeked out of the kitchen with a worried frown.
“…I am a taken admirer of you already, Miss Erin Solstice. Would you do the honor of hosting my small group? I would be delighted to play another game of chess, if you have the time.”
Erin Solstice blinked. Kiish, hurrying back to check on the Earl, smacked into a wall.
 
—-
 
They kept staring at her. Too many people, a vast crowd. Even though it was her inn—Erin did not like being the object of attention. The center of it, if need be, but not a thing.
She had to do something with them. And unlike the restaurant, it was her inn. So, Erin Solstice leaned over and shouted.
“Joseph!”
The young man jumped.
“I wasn’t doing anyth—what, Erin?”
