7.60
Page 29
“They want mana potions.”
Octavia’s ears perked up. She turned around.
“Really?”
Then she eyed her potential customers.
“Um…although, Erin, I have some I can give out. But the cost is—”
“They can pay, Octavia.”
The [Alchemist] brightened up instantly.
“Excellent! Not that I would have been stingy! It’s just—money for goods. How many mana potions do you need? I have a deal with Wailant, that cutpurse farming b—but I have lots of Sage’s Grass, even if I do have to pay more than I should for it. You won’t get cheaper potions around!”
Snapjaw nudged Badarrow. Whoa. And she thought all his coincidence-stories had been just talk! Octavia pointed at rows of potions, sold generally to the [Mages] in the inn.
“How many are you looking for, um, Snapjaw? Badarrow? Great to see you again, by the way. I said that, right?”
Badarrow nodded. Snapjaw consulted her internal orders. She pointed at the shelf.
“…All of it?”
Octavia turned around slowly. She removed an ear and Snapjaw nearly leapt into Badarrow’s arms.
“What was that? Let me just resew—”
“As many as have. And healing potions. As many as can buy?”
Badarrow informed her. Octavia looked at Erin—the [Innkeeper] was just as amazed.
“Er—and what’s your budget?”
The two Hobgoblins conferred. That made Octavia worry—right up until Snapjaw pulled something out of her bag of holding.
“Gold?”
She put a handful on the counter. Then another. Then—a lump of gold. Erin and Octavia stared at it.
“How did—”
Badarrow smirked. Numbtongue wasn’t the only gifted Goblin miner. Pyrite’s legacy. Snapjaw shrugged.
“Found some in Goblinhome when digging. Kept running into it. Very pretty. Too heavy, though. Used for adventurer bait. Is good as gold coins? Have more. Also—this?”
She produced something else that made both of them stir.
A wyvern’s fang. Octavia blinked at it.
“That’s…”
“Good for arrowheads. Weapons. Got more. Good meat?”
“D-do you have a Wyvern’s head?”
“…Bones? Good soup stock. Calescent make good Wyvern-brain jelly.”
Badarrow shook his head rapidly behind Snapjaw, making a gagging motion. Octavia was blinking.
Goblins. Who had artifacts, gold from adventurers. Who didn’t prize money. And who had access to a lot of monster parts. Heck, even Goblin toenails if you believed Xif—
“Will give more. For potions. All potions. Many as can make.”
Badarrow informed Octavia. She looked around. Her shelf of mana potions? All she could make?
She looked at Erin. Then she thought about the offer from Pallass. Octavia shook her head.
“This is why I stick around.”
 
—–
 
Erin Solstice returned to the chess tournament after a few more minutes. So much was happening. But she should have been watchful.
All this attention—not all of it was positive. You had to watch for the future. Someone waited for their moment to get to her.
And someone found Joseph as he went for some hydration, panting. The games of football and baseball were underway. He was ascending the hill, and reflecting that they needed a barrel of water and some oranges or something.
“Ishkr, could we get—”
Someone grabbed him and pulled him behind the inn. Joseph jerked.
“Hey, what the—”
“Joseph of The Wandering Inn.”
Someone whispered into his ear. Joseph twisted. He saw a figure, covered in…shadows? They came from a hat he wore on his head. Someone in disguise.
“Who are you? Hey! H—“
The figure stopped him again. Joseph realized the sounds from the game and inn had stopped. They were in a bubble of silence. The figure advanced.
“I have an offer for you from my employers.”
“Whatever you want—”
“Hear me out.”
