7.60
Page 28
Chaldion and the Earl turned to look at her. It could be someone else. But Kiish’s fingers trembled as she moved the pieces.
“Erin! Play me, play me—”
“Miss Solstice.”
“Is that chessboard…?”
Erin backed up as she realized the crowd she’d dispersed had come back threefold. She looked around. Saw two Hobs walking out of the inn, and came to an instant decision.
“Okay, bathroom break!”
That stopped the mob in their tracks. There were acceptable things to follow someone around for—that wasn’t one of them. Erin edged out of the inn. She hurried after the two Goblins and flung her arms around their shoulders.
“Gotcha!”
Badarrow and Snapjaw started. They looked over their shoulders.
“Erin? Not playing game?”
Snapjaw pointed at the inn. Erin rolled her eyes.
“I’ll come back after twenty minutes.”
She’d ditched them! Just like that! She winked at the Goblins.
“It’s not like the tournament revolves around me.”
How she liked to lie. The [Innkeeper] walked past the outhouses with the Goblins.
“So, tell me about Goblinhome.”
The two looked at each other. They had just been looking up at the High Passes, where Goblinhome was buried. Talking about the future.
“Don’t say much. Secret place. Secret things. Humans should not find.”
Snapjaw said it half to Badarrow, half to Erin. He glared at her, hurt on Erin’s behalf. But the [Innkeeper] just nodded.
“Don’t tell me where it is. But I’ll give you a mana stone if it reaches…or again. We can figure it out. Just—how can I help?”
The two looked at her. Snapjaw hesitated. Badarrow nudged her. See? See? She hadn’t believed him. She ignored his smirk deliberately.
“Goblinhome needs things. Nails. Potions. Rabbiteater got. But…was going to buy from there.”
She waved a claw at Liscor. Erin looked alarmed.
“That’s…dangerous. Numbtongue tries it sometimes, but—”
Both Hobgoblins grinned. They produced helmets and put them on. Erin started laughing.
“Hah! But wait—if you need stuff, Krshia can help. And Lyonette! What do you need? I bet you they can get discounts.”
Snapjaw removed her helmet with some relief. It was tight on her head! She consulted the internal list Rags had given her and went to the very first thing in light of recent events and in general.
“Potions?”
Badarrow’s eyes brightened. So did Erin’s. They’d had the same thought.
“Why didn’t you say so? If that’s what you want—here. Let’s walk around the side and…”
She ushered the two Hobs around the side of The Wandering Inn. Then, Erin pointed and asked for a boost.
They climbed through Stitchwork’s window. Octavia nearly tossed the vial she was working on at them.
“Erin! Don’t do that!”
She clutched at her heart. Erin paused.
“Sorry, I didn’t think we’d scare you!”
Octavia had a thing about surprise-visitors of late. She waved it off.
“It’s okay. Just—don’t do that. Why didn’t you use the [Garden]?”
“I think Mrsha’s using it to play teleport-tag with some kids. I don’t want them to smash into a wall.”
The games Mrsha played with her friends were really fun. Teleport tag meant you could run through walls and it was almost as fun as monster hide-and-seek. That was where Palt cast [Cloud of Darkness] and the monster found people—you could move around in the dark.
“Why are you here, Erin? It’s a huge crowd out there, by the way. And no one’s buying. They keep asking if Saliss is here. Or where the restroom is. Or Solar Cycles.”
Glumly, Octavia went back to her brew. It was fair. She wasn’t the highest-level yet and her first Invisibility Potion attempt had failed.
But here was Erin Solstice. And Snapjaw and Badarrow. Erin pointed at the two.
