7.60
Page 22
That was all Badarrow said. Numbtongue blinked. Badarrow had been shocked, even frightened, uncertain about the ghosts that Numbtongue had taken. But now—the [Sniper]’s eyes held something else as he looked towards the hill.
“Good?”
“Yes. Good. You stay here, protect here. Visit Goblinhome. Talk to Chieftain. But here. Maybe if you have Shorthilt. And Pyrite, then…”
Numbtongue’s eyes widened, and he nodded slowly. The two stood there. And looked up towards the hill as the [Innkeeper] descended.
Perhaps.
 
—-
 
Tragedy and grief took place in the garden. Elsewhere—Joseph kicked a football into the air and people ran after it, shouting. People laughed.
Mrsha sniffed the air. She padded over the floor. And eventually, the patch of air grunted.
“Gnolls. I could have sworn I was odorless.”
That was true. But as Grimalkin reappeared, Mrsha smirked and pointed at his foot. The [Sinew Magus] regarded his foot.
He’d stepped in some spilled blue fruit juice on the way over. He folded his arms as Mrsha smirked up at him.
“I am not spying. I was simply observing without wishing to cause an altercation. There is a difference.”
Mrsha smirked. Then she went to fetch Grimalkin some of Imani’s healthy appetizers. The Mrsha-fee was 18% of whatever she got. Grimalkin murmured as he eyed the odd bowl of orbs.
“What is this. Some kind of…ball of compacted nuts? Hm. What is it called? A…protein ball? What is that?”
He eyed the mix of nuts held together and baked for a slightly crispy bite. Imani had worked them up when she noticed the gym’s popularity. Grimalkin popped one into his mouth.
“Is this…actually nutritious? Where’s the person who made it? I need a word.”
Mrsha nibbled at hers happily. Indeed, Imani had changed the inn for the better. Joseph was playing football, Rose helping out…
And here came the Players of Celum. They swept through the door with a second wave of guests.
“Here’s the heroine of the Battle for Invrisil! No, the Three-City War! I’m working on the title!”
Andel the [Writer], Wesle, Jasi, Emme, Kilkran—the entire crowd made Mrsha’s head snap around. And there was Galina!
Each to their own. Wesle elbowed Andel before the [Writer] could go on.
“We’re not here to cause a scene, Andel. We are here to say hello to Erin. And to take part in that game of baseball! At least, I am.”
“The Players of Celum?”
Eltistiman checked a running Human before they could lunge at the Players, begging for autographs. More chaos in the inn—and Erin wasn’t out of the garden yet! But this time the Players were taking some of the drama off the [Innkeeper].
Earl Altestiel looked up with a blank stare of shock from his game with Bird. Not only because he was losing somehow, but because he hadn’t put together the Erin-Players connection yet.
“I am winning. Yay.”
Bird confided in Olesm, who was playing Kiish. The [Strategist] looked at Bird in dismay.
“You’re not doing that bird-game, are you?”
“I am not always silly, Olesm. I am playing to win. And I am a [Tactician].”
“You—oh.”
Bird had leveled up in that class at first. Olesm stared at Bird’s game—he was pressing the Earl! True, neither were using Skills. But how?
“Are you just that talented?”
Bird made the closest sound he could to someone blowing a raspberry. Silveran and the other Antinium turned to stare at him.
“Foolish Olesm. Talent does not define a chess player. That is what Erin says. And I play her every day. She bets bird dishes on each game. So I must beat her.”
