7.60
Page 9
“No, you’re both wrong. I was there. She rescued the kid from bees. Poor mite was carried off by Ashfire Bees—there’s a colony nearby. So the [Innkeeper] took some magic flowers, put the hive to sleep…”
Everyone stared at the last speaker. He threw up his claws.
“What, you believe everything but that? It’s true! She has magic flowers—”
No one listened to the more obviously fake tales. But there was documented proof! She’d fought Skinner, she had an army of Antinium at her beck and call—
“And she’s a sexual fiend.”
One of the Gnolls whispered to the others in confidence. He looked around.
“Insatiable. I heard she’s had sex with Senior Guardsmen, the strategist of Liscor…”
The other listeners turned to him. One of the other Drakes nudged his friend. He indicated the Gnoll, who was sighing over Erin Solstice’s sexual conquests.
“Why do you hang out with him? And what’s he on about? Sexual fiend? He is so creepy.”
“I know. I thought he was fun, but—yeesh. Ancestors.”
They edged out of that particular gossip circle. Some people always ruined a good thing. But so it went. The Wandering Inn’s name was repeated on distant continents. And as for the [Innkeeper]? People wondered about her. Some people added her to their internal lists, or tried to factor her into plans.
They didn’t know her completely. Not yet. But they knew her name.
 
—-
 
And in time, Erin Solstice woke up. She stretched out in her bed and looked up at the sun shining through the window.
It was rare that she got up after the sun rose. For a moment, Erin Solstice stared at the ceiling.
Had everything that happened last night…actually happened? Yes, it had. The good and the bad.
Living and the dead. Erin Solstice thought about all of it.
Ryoka flying, Maviola—Saliss. Some were still out there, their fates unclear. But Ryoka was alive. She would live.
The [Innkeeper] lay there, thinking of getting up. She…was tired. She had called every favor she could think of. And today, it was over. It was cleanup and aftermath.
She went back to sleep. The [Innkeeper] dozed, woke up, stared at the ceiling again, felt the sore muscles in her arms and legs from yesterday. She put a pillow over her head to block the sun. Curled up in her bed sheets.
“Erin? Erin? You know what? I bet she’s asleep.”
Montressa’s voice at the door. Erin heard it, then dozed off. This was nice. This was…
The chatter of a beaver. A door, and the fresh air of a place. The [Garden of Sanctuary]. Erin’s head sleepily rose—
Pow. Mrsha’s flying head butt hit Erin in the back. She screamed.
“Mrsha!”
The white Gnoll had no time for sleeping [Innkeepers]. She leapt onto the bed. That was okay. It was when a Fortress Beaver tried to climb onto the bed that Erin jumped out of it. The giant beaver weighed more than she did! By a lot, actually!
“Alright! That’s it! Everyone, get out!”
Mrsha and the beavers fled. Erin threw a shoe after them.
“Stop coming into my room when I’m sleeping! Mrsha! You were warned!”
She dressed herself, rubbing at her lower back and groaning. Mrsha had learned you could get anyone out of bed if you did that. It was certainly true, but it was a bad lesson.
“Ow. Ow. Ow.”
Erin hobbled past her chess board. She paused. She has three in her room these days. One for studying, one for fun, and the magical one. You needed at least three in your room, obviously. The magical chessboard and the go board, arranged side-by-side for moments like this, had a message on it via both arranged pieces.
 
Want to talk?
 
