7.60
Page 20
You couldn’t keep slapping it on people. So, she’d given her [Boon of Numbtongue] to Drassi. The [Reporter] was off-duty since the news was just doing coverage of the aftermath and she’d done practically all-day coverage yesterday. She was currently jamming out with Numbtongue on one of his spare guitars.
“Thank you.”
That was all Erin said at first. The Brothers were reduced in number. Perhaps some hadn’t come, but…
“Are you burying Teor today? Or have you already…?”
“We’ll see our fellows off later, Miss Solstice. Don’t you worry. A proper, respectful little thing. Nothing grand, but nothing small.”
She nodded. Then looked at Ratici.
“If it’s alright…I’d like to come.”
“That’s not necessary, Erin—”
“I’d like to. He died because I asked him to. It’s the least I could do. I’m going to Redit’s funeral. And Lord Toldos…he’s being…prepared.”
The Brothers looked at Erin. She held their gazes. They tipped their hats to her. And then they ate.
Food, drink. Baseball, the news, or a game of chess. Uncomplicated things. A bit of excitement. But it was healing, resting after those days of days. After a while, Erin Solstice had a thought.
“After you two are done, Ratici, Wilovan—and the rest of you. You should see something. In my [Garden of Sanctuary].”
They looked up at her. Erin’s eyes glittered. But they would be there.
They would always be there.
 
—-
 
Lord Alman Sanito didn’t know why he was here. He felt ashamed. And certainly out of place.
He had not ridden with old Lord Toldos to his death. And…he had not been asked to.
House Sanito had fought for Invrisil. Their banner had earned them commendations from other nobility. But he had not.
“You have a wife and kids.”
That was all the [Innkeeper] had said. Now—Alman looked around the inn. His son, young, a [Lord], looked at his father uncertainly.
“Go to your mother.”
Lord Sanito informed the boy. He wasn’t sure if this inn was for his sons. It was so—informal. No one had greeted him. He had to wait for others to be served first! Albeit not long.
Erin Solstice herself had greeted him like, well, one of her guests. It wasn’t even to upbraid him; she’d completely forgotten he was here amid the other guests.
Including an Earl. Lord Sanito had swallowed his complaints for that alone. Even so—
He forgot his complaints. He forgot the small bit of anger at the death of old Lord Toldos, dying and not being mourned by all of Izril amid the drama of yesterday. The retainers, who had come here, lost, of House Everight—
She brought them to their knees. Not with any word. With sight. With a single place.
The hill was grassy. A small bench. Sometimes a tree. And always, if you came here, a statue. So lifelike that but for color they could have turned and greeted you.
Lord Toldos sat on the bench, in a moment that had never happened. But might have. He looked half-relaxed, turned to talk with the young man beside him as Redit looked ahead, perhaps watching something.
Teor had his tricorne in his hands. An earnest look on his face as he spoke to the old [Lord]. The Brother’s hats were in their hands.
“What…is this?”
“Memory. Statues. I don’t know. But if you ever want to come here—my door will always be open.”
Erin looked at the three and rubbed at her eyes. There were more. Antinium, gathered together, inspecting what might have been an actual anthill in the grass over there. Two more Brothers she had seen, walking along.
Here they were. And here they remained. Lord Sanito looked at Erin Solstice.
“May I—show my family this place?”
“Of course. Wilovan? Ratici?”
