7.60
Page 10
Erin stared at the board. Well, it was more like ‘wnt 2 tlk?’, since there were a finite amount of pieces. She groaned, rubbed at her back, then her stomach.
 
Srry. Bsy. Ltr.
 
She scrawled, and then hobbled downstairs, not seeing the frantic counter message. Erin appreciated her mysterious opponent.
But here was more immediate. And now she was awake, Erin’s stomach was growling.
“Food! I’m so hungry!”
She hopped down the stairs and shouted it, spreading her arms wide. Erin stopped.
Her inn, her full inn, with countless guests at the tables, all turned to stare at Erin. Dead silent. They gave the [Innkeeper] the stare, the one that asked who she was. That waited for her to explode, spit blood, or conjure armies.
Expectant, bewildered, amused or awed, or more emotions. There were…hundreds of people in her inn? At least a hundred! Humans, Drakes, Gnolls…Erin realized her arms were still spread.
She lowered them. She looked around at the sea of faces. Erin glanced over her shoulder. She backed up the stairs, slowly.
“Erin?”
Lyonette unfroze as the inn murmured. A good portion of the regulars were laughing their tails off. The rest were asking—was that her? She signaled to Silveran and found Erin upstairs, peeking down.
“Why is the inn so full, Lyonette?”
“Because we have a lot of customers?”
Erin gave Lyonette a long look. The [Princess] rolled her eyes.
“Because you brought an army to Invrisil?”
“Yeah, but I didn’t think they’d all come back to have breakfast!”
“Brunch. You’ve been asleep for a long time. I was going to let you sleep in; or are the walls not soundproof?”
“Nah. I was attacked by Mrsha. And the beavers.”
“That little…I’ll have a word with her. Do you need a potion?”
The [Innkeeper] rubbed at her back. Yes.
“…No. Are uh, all those people…”
“Most just want to know about the inn. But it is fairly busy. Tell you what—oh, thank you, Silveran!”
The Worker had come up the stairs with a tray of breakfast. Erin brightened up.
“I could eat it in my room!”
“No. That’s how we get more bugs. Um. No offense Silveran. Bug-bugs. We’re not repeating Bird’s room. Take it to the private dining room, please?”
The Worker nodded. Erin shuddered. Bird had cultivated an infestation of buzzing insects in his dead bird collection one time. Preserved they might be, but that still didn’t stop the creepy-crawlies.
“Silveran! I’ll eat in the Garden instead! There, please?”
Lyonette nodded. The Worker turned and instead of going downstairs, walked at a wall. The door appeared, and Erin followed.
 
—-
 
It was a sign that Imani was swamped by the guests that she was taking out the premade foods. Breakfast for Erin was a bacon-and-egg hash, one she’d made oh, a month ago. It was still fresh as when she’d made it, and hot!
“Mm. Thanks, Silveran. What’s that? Milk? Thank you!”
Erin sat on the hilltop, next to the Sage’s Grass, which had a faint aroma, and ate breakfast in the sun. She realized she was not alone.
The flood of people in the main inn had chased the shy or reclusive into the Garden. Those with access, that was. A trio of Goblins looked up from the arid section. Erin stared down at them, mouth full of hash.
“Issat—ahem. Numbtongue! Badarrow! Snapjaw!”
She waved at them, coughing. The three Goblins looked up. What were they doing? They were all lying down and…
Sunbathing? Erin saw them sit up. Save for towels or undergarments, they had been lazily basking in the sun! With a bowl of roasted peanuts.
“I didn’t know you guys sunbathed!”
