7.60
Page 26
“Chaldion?”
Kiish straightened. The [Knights] of Desonis and the others in the Earl’s escort looked up. The [Soldiers] of Pallass that Chaldion had managed to bring into Erin’s inn despite her ban eyed the Humans.
The [Knight Marshal of the Rains] and the [Grand Strategist of Victory] locked gazes. It was like distant storms, humidity and wind in the air meeting the clarion call of horns, the sound of metal on metal.
Everyone flinched back as the two looked at each other.
“Grand Strategist. What an unexpected surprise.”
“The Earl of Desonis, the Knight Marshal of Rains. It has been a while since I met a Terandrian of such note.”
Chaldion’s good eye glittered. Olesm slid back from his table. He couldn’t help it. Nor had his legs moved. He stared down. His chair was being pushed with a slow screeching sound without anything touching it.
“Ancestors.”
He breathed. The others were of the same opinion. Desonis’ company squared up as the Drakes behind Chaldion halted. Everyone was far clear of the clash. They watched with trepidation, awe, speculation, or just sheer enjoyment of the moment.
The two hadn’t blinked. And for all Chaldion only had one eye to Altestiel’s two—was he stronger? Two invisible forces clashed—the players outside looked up, as if sensing a change in the weather. The intensity in the air was like nothing they’d felt except those few times—
“Dun dun. Dun dun dun. Ba dum.”
A voice from the side. Altestiel’s gaze flickered. Chaldion looked sideways. Erin Solstice.
She did a quiet drumroll on the table.
“Dun dun dun!”
Both auras collapsed in an instant. Tension had a half-life of seconds in front of that kind of…Erin looked at the two.
“Stop stare-fighting in my inn. Want to play chess?”
She looked at the two. Chaldion’s lips moved. The Earl laughed. Erin Solstice looked at the two as the inn relaxed. Then she had a thought. She went upstairs and came down.
“I have a special board I’d like you two to play on. You two are pretty good at chess. So do your best. I will too.”
Dun dun dun. They stared at the chessboard and the smart ones remembered another kind of legend. A mysterious opponent.
You couldn’t take it back. Nor did Erin Solstice try. She sat down and moved a pawn forwards.
 
—-
 
“The Wandering Inn.”
Ignorant of the chess tournament occurring in the inn itself, Geneva Scala stared at the tiny spot on the map where Liscor was. She’d had to look it up.
Paige, Daly, everyone was clustered around.
“Joseph’s there?”
“Yep. And a bike. And…Ryoka Griffin?”
“Could be.”
Daly traced a finger across the map. It wasn’t even a world map; and the distances were already vast. He looked at Geneva.
“It’s a long way away. If we even wanted to get over there. Let alone move the entire company…”
“Do we need to?”
“Strength in numbers.”
He countered. The others murmured. It was so far. A continent away. But there was…certainty.
“One person could make the journey. But it’d take a long time.”
Paige muttered. Siri looked around. Luan rubbed at his neck.
“It’s really far, yeah?”
Ken and Aiko nodded. The [Rower] glanced at them and looked at Geneva.
“To get there in any reasonable time…we’d need a Courier or something like that.”
There was significance in his words. The other stirred. After a moment, Kirana sighed.
“…Seve is on a delivery.”
“For now.”
That was all Geneva said. It was far indeed. And who might go to who? Did they need to? Rather—
She wanted to meet them. Joseph, the owner of The Wandering Inn, perhaps. Ryoka Griffin.
 
—-
 
Names to remember. Certainly, other people wanted to meet Ryoka Griffin. Humble and grand.
