7.60
Page 30
Joseph held still. The figure looked around. And then advanced.
“You stand to make a lot of gold. If you agree. Listen to me, carefully. Do you think you could train a football team to beat both Liscor and Pallass’ teams within the month?”
The young man from Spain stared at the shadowy—suddenly much-less-frightening figure. The Invrisil representative produced an exclusivity contract for their new team—they wanted to be the best team in all of Izril! And they were both Humans here—if Joseph would become exclusive manager, they’d pay—Joseph’s eyes bulged at the sum.
He…was going to need to talk with Erin about that.
 
—-
 
Calruz of Hammerad did not go out to celebrate. Nor—did he leave his cell. That being difficult. But he did stare at the scrying orb someone had left behind by accident.
Placed just outside his cell, actually. Since the cell would have cut off the signal. He could ask for it turned off since you could watch it all day. Rhata and Haldagaz were sitting on his head, watching the replay. The Minotaur kept watching.
“Well done, Ryoka.”
He waited. Doing one-armed pushups. Then lifting weights. It was odd to think he was in far better shape now than even before entering prison. But what else was he supposed to do?
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice actually had to go to the bathroom after four more games.
“Stop following me!”
She opened the door to the outhouse twice to throw things at the crowd, who hadn’t believed her after her first bit of duplicity. Erin eventually stopped throwing rolls of toilet paper as the crowd dispersed, mostly thanks to the cloud of smoke covering them.
“Thank you, Palt.”
Someone was waiting for her after she left. Erin stopped adjusting her belt and blinked.
“Oh. You.”
She had been prepared to throw something at the next person to bother her. But this person merited some respect.
“I wonder if I might borrow you for a moment before you return to that engaging tournament? I’m taking part myself—but we have urgent business.”
“We do? Urgent? What about?”
Erin followed the long, sinuous tail and walked apace with Hexel the [Architect] as they left the inn. Instantly—a crowd spotted her.
“She’s trying to get away! Get—”
They walked into the [Garden] and everyone who wasn’t wise splatted into the seemingly-open doorway.
The Lamia was here. Of course he was. With a Gnoll who had been cheering him on as he rose through the tournament’s ranks. But the [Architect] had business with Erin. As they slowly walked around the Garden, he admired the Fortress Beaver’s dam.
“You are aware I love buildings, don’t you, Miss Solstice? There’s something indescribable about edifices. Permanent—until someone knocks them down.”
“Or blows ‘em up.”
The [Architect] nodded.
“In your case, your inn has been destroyed, what, twice now?”
“Mhm. Wait. Maybe three times? You lose track. You know, Lyonette wanted to hire you, but she said you declined.”
“I was rather busy with my principal job. I still am; I must design an entire city, and that is no small task. One I enjoy—but I have realized your inn should become just as high a priority.”
Erin waved a hand awkwardly.
“Aw. You don’t have to. It’s decent as it is—unless you think there’s something wrong?”
“No, it’s quite Terandrian in design, but wonderfully made. The Antinium did a fine job. I certainly don’t intend to redesign everything…but I would like to offer my services for certain improvements that you desperately need. This day, in fact.”
“Like what?”
Erin couldn’t think what was alarming the Lamia so. Hexel looked at her, and sighed.
