7.60
Page 15
“Everyone’s cooped up inside! Let’s get a game of baseball started! And some football?”
People’s heads lifted at the familiar names. Some with the interest of casual players. Others—
“Did she say ‘baseball’? The game on the news? You can just play it around here?”
What a funny thing to say. And yet—Erin’s inn was one of the few places in this world that had a working collection of gear, players, and the knowledge of how the game should go to casually pick it up.
Joseph looked around as people focused on him as well. Joseph, the [Kicker]. Joseph—another name that had circulated, albeit in a different context.
“You’re asking me to start baseball?”
“Just get it set up! Ask Rose to help! Please?”
He nodded after a second. And like a gathering wave, the crowd split. Some remained in the inn, but the rest followed Joseph, because they wanted to see the game, because they wanted to be outside, and because they might appear on Wistram News Network.
Soon, Erin heard the crack of a baseball meeting a bat. It was a simple sound. Crisp, loud—it made some of the others stir.
It was a good sound, was the point. Oh, it might not be a regulation bat by Earth’s standards—the bat was in fact, an enchanted piece of wood someone had brought from Liscor that Rose immediately disqualified on the grounds that it was enchanted to bounce the ball twice as far as normal—but it had a cadence to it.
Not like the thud of a club hitting a skull. Not the snapping of crossbow strings. Or even the breaking of bones. It was the sound of a sport.
The sound you heard on a peaceful day. And you needed that.
“Give the bat to a kid if they play with adults! But you can’t just bring an enchanted bat to a casual game! If Gold-rank adventurers start playing, bring it out.”
Rose the referee snapped at the unhappy Drake. Erin laughed. Liscor had a proper football field too, and a baseball diamond! People trooped down the hill. Some remained to watch Erin experiment with her new Skill.
“Let’s see. [Boon of the Relc]!”
“Yeah! Y—why am I saying that?”
Jelaqua paused in flexing her arms. Everyone started laughing. The last three people Erin had applied it to had all made similar sounds as they experienced the rush of the Skill activating.
Some notes on the boon. Firstly, it was definitely different from Lyonette’s boon. Erin could reapply the boon a lot faster, but it was still one person it could be active on only. Which limited its strength a lot compared to a blessing.
Moreover, she had the sense that it wasn’t permanent like Lyonette’s boon was. Erin’s was more varied, more temporary.
And it changed your personality a bit. Jelaqua immediately headed to the weights room. But to her disappointment, it did nothing for her personal best.
“What? But my body’s fresh! I—oh, rot. I’m stronger. Not my body! How is that fair?”
The Selphid complained. Another funny lesson.
“That’s boon Skills for you. Not like enchantments. My turn! Do me next, Erin! Can you do someone other than Relc?”
Montressa waved an excited hand. That was just what Erin had been thinking of. Also—she was seeing how impressed the others were.
A [Boon of the Guest] Skill was…good. But it shouldn’t have been this effective, or easy to reapply. Unless—you were a Level 45 [Innkeeper]. That might have made the difference.
“Okay. What boon…what boon? What about—”
And here Erin made her first mistake.
“[Boon of Saliss]!”
She tapped Montressa forehead. The [Mage] blinked.
“Whoa. My eyes feel—and my—”
