7.60
Page 4
Counterintelligence was the game of Reinharts. That would change. But at least in open conflict, they were greatly feared. And all the pent-up wrath of nearly a month was unleashed in the bloodiest purge of their lands and the surrounding region.
[Assassins] fought [Soldiers] in one-sided melees. The Skills that allowed them to kill foes in armor, from afar, in secret, were of less use in a pitched battle. And the best of them, who had killed [Knights] and high-level foes, the Faces, were dead.
Or being hunted down.
There were three. One was fifteen, a daughter, an [Alchemist] in training. Like her mother, she had a gift. A boy, fourteen, held back by the younger daughter, who was eleven. The daughter had inherited something…odd. A preternatural strength that meant that even at her age, she was stronger than her siblings.
It came from her mother. They had not seen her for the last month; she was a travelling [Trader]-[Alchemist], who had a lot of clients.
They, and her husband, had been shocked beyond belief when she returned, missing an arm, in the late hours of the night. She had told them to pack everything in their comfortable manor. To run with her.
They had asked too many questions. Or perhaps—
An army had followed them. The [Commander] wore the insignia of House Veltras. A reassuring sight; they had lived on the edges of House Veltras’ territory all their lives.
But the [Soldiers] were training their weapons upon the manor. And the [Commander] was shouting.
“Mire of the Assassins’ Guild. Leave your manor now or we will demolish it to ash.”
“Mire? Mother, who’s that?”
The oldest daughter stared up their mother, Chena Vall. Chena said nothing.
“Chena—what’s going on? They have to be joking. This—”
Her husband was a local [Vintner], respected for his quality. He’d met Chena while working on an alchemical stock of his wine…
Decades lay between them. Her children had grown up here without fear of hunger or sickness. Everything she had wanted. Mire looked at her husband and the truth, the real truth of who she was, finally gave way.
Maybe he had suspicions. Tiny clues he pushed aside. Perhaps he had wondered about their youngest daughter’s gifts, somehow transmitted by potions she’d drunk while carrying her.
It broke him in two. The [Vintner] exited the manor, holding his hands up.
“There has to be some kind of mistake. My wife—her name is Chena. Chena Vall. I’m Loren Vall. [Commander]—”
“Mire the [Alchemist] is a one-armed [Assassin] from the Guild. Hold your ground, sir. You will be taken in for questioning in your involvement in the Guild’s attempt on the lives of Lord Sammial and Hethon Veltras and the threats made to the Five Families of Izril.”
His eyes bulged.
“Lords…but we sent our wishes for their health! We’ve been staunch supporters of the Veltras family all our lives. Chena! Chena, come out and tell them—”
He wanted to go back towards the manor. The children looked up at their mother. She was crouched—a glowing potion in her grip.
“Mother? What’s that potion?”
Her daughter locked eyes on the glowing liquid, of a far greater potency than the humble [Trader]-[Alchemist] should have been able to brew. Her mother said nothing.
“Stay down. The windows are warded.”
“Chena! Come out here! This is all a mistake, Commander—”
“Stay where you are! Do not go inside!”
The man didn’t listen. He went for the door after a moment’s hesitation.
“Loose!”
A snap of bowstrings. A scream from inside. Mire said nothing.
“Father!”
The youngest daughter let go of her brother. He ran for the door.
“Stop—”
