7.60
Page 31
“Your magical door. With this incident with the Guild of Assassins, the door must be guarded at all times. It is no longer appropriate to just leave it…unsecured.”
“We have the hallway of traps.”
Hexel rolled his eyes.
“Yes. But—Miss Solstice. Allow me to put it like this. You are aware one can simply…pick up the magic door and move it wherever they please? If I wanted, I could grab the door and drag it out of the inn.”
“…No one’s done that more than once. Besides, we need to move it sometimes. For tactical advantage and stuff.”
Erin shuffled her feet, coughed. Hexel gave her a long look.
“So you left it unsecured. Moreover—even with the hallway of traps, the [Assassins] simply walked into your inn because you did not detect them.”
“If you’re going to tell me I’m being stupid, I’ll admit to that, but it’s hurtful, Hexel.”
The Lamia laughed at this.
“I would not be that indiscreet. And rather like your [Farmer] friend’s solution to your door’s mana problem—I have an [Architect]’s solution to these needs. If you will look at this?”
He murmured a Skill and produced a piece of paper. It unfolded—into multiple dimensions. Erin saw a three-dimensional projection, a blueprint in color and detail, appear.
She had not seen his presentation to the Council of Liscor and was agog. The Lamia gestured at the floating design.
“Allow me to show you my proposed fix. This is the simplest of methods to secure your door. You see?”
Erin saw. And it was so much easier to see than a blueprint, or even a picture. She saw the door, suspended above a small staircase. Fixed in place by…
“Bars of wood? No, wait—”
Yes! They were like wooden door bars, except they secured the door by all four corners! And they had…locks! They turned as Hexel manipulated the design. The door came clear and two Gnolls that looked like Ishkr carried it off.
“A simple lock and wooden bars means ordinary wood with your [Reinforced Structure] Skill can lock the door into place when it is in this entry spot. And it would still be stronger—far stronger—than normal brickwork or stone. The cost, with Antinium labor, is almost negligible. You could make this almost instantaneously.”
“That’s so smart! Hexel, you’re a genius!”
“You only noticed now?”
The Lamia grinned. Then he rolled up the scroll, making the projection vanish.
“That’s the simplest measure of course; one could still break the wood itself. This is a more ambitious design. I made it for fun.”
The second ‘Portal Entry Room’ as he’d titled it appeared and Erin’s eyes bulged. The first design had spoken to the practical [Architect], who could create something cost-effective and workable. This was the mad dream of a builder with an unlimited budget.
The second room was a lot larger than the first. A dedicated area for people to enter and exit by. However—it was trapped to all hell and back.
The magic door hung suspended over a walkway with a hundred foot drop into a pit. The inn actually extended all that way down, having been built extensively downwards. Meanwhile, a single suspended bridge allowed access to the inn which could not only be collapsed at will, but was also supported by an advanced version of Belgrade’s kill box.
For final effect, the entire room was underneath a body of water…Erin read the floating words ‘lake? Connected to Liscor reservoir?’ scrawled there. If necessary, and via trapdoors, you could flood the entire room and seal it underwater in an emergency.
“…That would be the second-most daring design. As I said, not practical. Very fun to draw up.”
Hexel rolled up the scroll and Erin’s mouth closed.
