7.60
Page 23
Erin Solstice knew her opponents. At least, how to motivate Bird. Wesle spotted the games of chess and headed over with the air of a [Humble Actor] who intended to use [Method Acting] to win a few games by copying Erin’s skills.
He was about to get his rear end handed back to him. Meanwhile, Jasi spotted Drassi and asked to play on the guitar. And wasn’t that a repeat of the same moment everyone had seen on the news?
 
—-
 
Laughter resumed. By the time Erin Solstice reemerged with the silent crowd, they were swept up in the mood and they could smile.
Times for silence, times for action. Times for merriment.
And time to work. Most of the Earthers had a spot. And even if it wasn’t permanent, they were gainfully employed, like Rose. Heck, even Leon was helping manage the games outside. Troy was somewhere else, though. Galina was acting.
And Kevin was working.
The Wandering Inn was still under construction, although less than eight Workers were working on Bird’s tower or small renovations these days. That might soon change, especially since Selys was looking at spots for the new shop.
She wanted more in Liscor, but Kevin didn’t want to walk. And neither did Hedault or Pelt.
For the moment, it was a sign hung on one of the private rooms. Kevin had turned it into, well, an office.
He was creating a filing system. Kevin, who had worked part-time in a bike shop, now wished he’d memorized the system they’d used to file orders. And it was ironic—he’d hated his duties and only worked because he needed money.
This time?
“Is this the shop?”
A man pushed open the door. Kevin glanced up, in the act of dipping his quill into a pot of ink.
“Hello. This is Solar Cycles. I’m Kevin. How can I help you?”
The richly-adorned man hesitated. It was a small room, but Kevin had put the bike shop’s new name on the door. He was rather proud of it. Catchy and puntastic.
“You’re the one who made that vehicle?”
“I’m Kevin. [Mechanic], and one of the co-owners of Solar Cycles. I didn’t make the bike alone; I’m just managing the shop. How can I help you Mister…?”
The man drew himself up. He was wearing silk, and, Kevin noted, some ostentatious rings.
“I am the representative of Lord Helmaunt Terland. [Merchant] Enitere. Lord Helmaunt will purchase six of your cycles—at an appropriate price.”
Kevin blinked at the man. He sighed.
“I’m sorry, sir. But we’re not accepting new orders right away.”
The [Merchant]’s eyes bulged.
“Did you not hear me? My [Lord]—”
“Can you authenticate his identity?”
Kevin interrupted Enitere. The haughty fellow hesitated.
“Au-authenticate?”
“Prove his identity? We’ll take Mage’s Guild certifications—they have to come and tell me in person, though. Merchant’s Guild works too.”
“How dare you imply that I—”
“Also, does he beat a [Marquis]? This Lord Helmaunt? Or Lord Deilan El?”
Kevin happily interrupted the man. The [Merchant] lost his words again.
“A—a [Marquis]?”
The first few orders had been scary. And they’d come in like rain, even yesterday. But today, Kevin had a system down. He helpfully showed the man the list he was working on.
“You’ll have to be put on the reserve list, mister. Once you authenticate. I have dozens of orders, and Master Pelt and Master Hedault are at work at once, but we do have to go by priority. Some people have paid for it—and we can’t rightly offend the leader of the House of El, can we?”
“Er. No. Lord Deilan ah—that is to say—”
“Also, our prices are high. But here—I’m having these worked up. But here’s a prototype. Prices subject to change.”
