7.60
Page 34
Look at her. Amid the drama. An [Architect], the [Players], games of sports outside. He had been right to come here.
He only wished he could stay forever. Or…take that kind of crazy magic with him. But therein lay the rub.
Earl Altestiel was intelligent. Intelligent enough to make Chaldion come to the inn. To worry, perhaps, a certain chess player.
And because he was intelligent, and he’d done his research, he saw the problem and didn’t make the others’ mistakes. He did not sweep in with grandeur and offers of an estate. Even a royal title—and he thought he could convince his Queen to give one—because that was stupid.
Know your opponent. Not money, not threats, and not offers of power. The Earl had thought about it and he was stumped.
How did you get Erin Solstice to leave her inn? He sighed. At least he was here first, instead of that damned Fraerling. Perhaps it was this chess tournament?
People wanted to meet Erin Solstice. If only to play chess. And for other reasons.
 
—-
 
A certain Wall Lord. A certain Fraerling. A [Necromancer], a King of Destruction…
Many people took or tried to change what they thought the future would be today. And it was all coming together. All these plans, people tugging on strings.
For today, The Wandering Inn was just the center of potential. It was a day of excitement, a day of rest.
Until the last person came to the inn. And the future, potential, uncertain, arrived.
Too soon, perhaps too late.
“Krshia?”
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] interrupted Erin from her game. She smiled. But her eyes were looking southwards. Ferris’ head rose. Ishkr looked at her. And Mrsha stopped playing and looked at Krshia Silverfang.
“It is time, Erin Solstice. The Meeting of Tribes will begin soon. Past time to go. The Silverfang tribe marches. Many from Liscor have already gone. I would like to speak with you, now, if I may. About Mrsha.”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Can you feel the Volume ending? I have one more chapter left before my November break. I hope you’ve enjoyed these chapters.
They’ve worn me down. Enough so that my actual muscles—tendons, whatever, are a big unhappy. But stretching helps and it’s not actual pain. That part of my writing career sucked.
I’ll enjoy this break. But one more chapter. Let me know if you liked this aftermath chapter. And we’ll see if you can tell how Volume 7 ends.
Thanks for reading! Until next time, I’ll leave you with art by pkay, who did, among other things, an amazing Volume 7 cover about Ryoka, art of Erin by Arh, and more Erin, Cutlery Yvlon, and a commission of Pirate the character by Me! Not me…someone with a username of Me…give them lots of love!
 
Volume 7 Ryoka, Pisces, Yvlon, and more by pkay!
                                                    
 
Sad Erin, Cutlery Yvlon, and Pirate commissioned by Me!
                                
 
Chess, and Erin by Arh, colored by Enyavar!
                                
 

