7.60
Page 12
Badarrow grabbed Mrsha as she leapt. The Gnoll found herself under one arm. She struggled, but the Hob carried her down the hill. Then he tossed her into the pond.
Mrsha the Cannonball hit the pond with a splash. Erin laughed until she nearly choked on some potato. That was why you needed a Goblin around!
And that was how Erin Solstice greeted the next day. She finished her breakfast as Mrsha tried to tackle Badarrow and the [Archer] tossed her in the pond three more times. Eventually, Mrsha the Waterlogged gave up and went over to Snapjaw and Numbtongue to dry off. Erin finished breakfast.
The Wandering Inn came alive.
 
—-
 
Olesm Swifttail found Erin Solstice as she emerged from the Garden of Sanctuary. People flooded towards her—and then back as three Hobgoblins emerged behind Erin. And one wet Gnoll, ready to shake herself like a dog on her unsuspecting victims.
Olesm though—was used to the inn. He pushed past wretched Humanity, wailing as Mrsha the Waterlogged unloaded her vengeance to shouts of dismay.
“Erin! Erin, we found Maviola! She’s alive!”
“Mrsha! You’re in so much—what? She is? That’s great! What about Saliss?”
“A [Fisherman] saw him float past! He’s alive too!”
“That’s amazing news!”
Erin threw her arms up. She hugged Olesm tight. And Fierre was safe and Salamani had gone after Ryoka! That was…she let go of Olesm, beaming.
“I was so worried! They have to get back here but—they’re alive. Thank you for telling me, Olesm! [Boon of the Guest]!”
She pointed at him. The blue Drake, who had been demurring, blinked.
“It was nothing, Erin. I was so w—what?”
Erin waggled her finger.
“[Boon of the Guest]? Aw, come on.”
She poked Olesm a few times in the chest.
“…Feel any different?”
He rubbed at his front.
“…No. Is that your new Skill, Erin?”
“It should be, but it’s not working! Aw. Don’t tell me I have to do it Lyonette-style and kiss people?”
“Wh-wh—”
“Mrsha! Come here!”
Erin ran after Mrsha. The little Gnoll wiggled hard—and harder when she realized Erin was going to kiss her head. Erin planted a dramatic mwah on Mrsha’s head.
“How do you feel, Mrsha?”
Mrsha squirmed out of Erin’s hands. How did she feel? She made a furry fist, punched the nearest leg.
Earl Altestiel stared down at Mrsha. Mrsha stared up at him and rubbed her paw as she stared at his cloth armor leggings. His escort looked outraged.
“How dare you—”
The [Knight Marshal] rolled his eyes and stopped Kiish from menacing Mrsha.
“Kiish, enough. Miss Erin Solstice. Good morning to you. And—if I am not being too forwards, I believe your boon Skill requires a missing condition that you are not giving it. I couldn’t help but overhear.”
“Earl Altestiel! I mean—er—good morning, s-sire?”
Erin tried her best. The Earl waved it away.
“I should be delighted, Miss Erin, if you would allow me to address you informally, and insist you do the same.”
Olesm’s jaw dropped. Erin just pretended to wipe away some sweat.
“Phew! Well, I’m happy enough to do that, Altestiel! How are you? Did you come from Invrisil this morning?”
“As soon as the doors opened. One cannot help but feel that this is the place to be—especially in light of yesterday. Good morning to you as well, Strategist Olesm…Goblins Numbtongue and…Badarrow, is it?”
The Earl was good. He’d read the inn, learned the lessons that normally took a pan to the head. He barely stumbled as he turned to the Hobgoblins.
Only one remained. The other two had taken one look at the crowd and decided to go back to the Garden. Numbtongue scratched at his stomach.
“Hi.”
“So what’s this about my boon Skill needing something else?”
