7.60
Page 16
The [Aegiscaster] stumbled back, and then caught herself nimbly. She was not the most agile on her feet, being just above Palt and behind Bezale for nimbleness. But that seemed to be a lesser effect.
The greater one being Montressa’s throwing abilities. That was fascinating to everyone.
“Shouldn’t she be good at alchemy?”
“Maybe. But Saliss is a battle-[Alchemist]. Maybe it’s—dead gods, Montressa!”
She skimmed a coaster over Palt’s head. It curved—and Mrsha and Visma ran after it, jumping and missing it. Ekirra was already outside, queuing for a game of football.
“This feels great. I feel agile, I could throw anything—maybe I’m smarter! Or better at alchemy. Let me see! Where’s Octavia! Whew!”
Montressa was grinning, on a giddy high of her own. It seemed to be a common phenomenon. Then she paused.
“Does it feel…stuffy to anyone in here?”
Menolit’s head turned with a sudden insight. So did Erin’s.
“Uh oh. Let me just—”
“Montressa. Not a good idea—”
“I feel really confined—”
Palt, Bezale, and Ulinde tackled Montressa before the worst could happen. And before it did, Erin reapplied the boon on another assumption.
“[Boon of Bird]!”
She pointed at Bird. The [Bird Hunter] stopped, halfway towards collecting his breakfast. Everyone turned to stare at him.
What would happen? What would—Bird slowly picked up a hard-boiled egg. He chewed at it as Erin’s finger wavered.
“Um. Bird?”
“Hello. I am Bird. I feel no different.”
“What, not at all?”
The [Innkeeper] felt crestfallen. Bird looked at her, almost sternly.
“I am already Bird. I am so much Bird that I cannot be more Bird, Erin. Therefore, the boon has no effect. That is obvious. You must use more logic.”
“Sorry. I’ll do better next time.”
“Good.”
He took his tray and walked back upstairs. After a moment, Erin decided to try [Boon of Pisces]. She hoped it would cause sniffing. Because that would be hilarious.
Someone stopped her as she looked around for a target of her suddenly boon-shy audience. Montressa’s crimson cheeks had suddenly alerted her guests that there was danger in the boon—at least as strongly as Erin could apply it.
“Psst. Erin. Would you mind putting the boon on me and leaving it on? I’ll pay. Anything except being naked to my feathers I’d take. And some of your soups? Do they go bad?”
Erin twisted. And there was…
“Bevussa?”
The Garuda was smiling. But she and her team were all geared up, unlike the other casual guests. Erin blinked.
“Oh, right! You want to use it to go into the dungeon? What, am I going to rent my Skill out?”
She saw Lyonette’s eyes light up. Erin scowled at her. But Bevussa demurred.
“Not the dungeon. Someone saw the Wings of Pallass in action. Or they just realized they can hire one of the few flying teams on the continent. We have a job to the north. Search and recover some heirloom from ruins high up along the High Passes. Can we use your door?”
Erin’s jaw dropped. So did several Pallassians. A job for a Drake adventuring team?
“Wow! I mean—sure. I don’t know about my boon, Bevussa…”
“That’s fine. But what about your magical foods? That’s a cheaper Barkskin equivalent, right? Even if they do taste like Shield Spider entrails.”
Erin put her hands on her hips.
“I’ll have you know they’re improved! And a bit stronger? Maybe. Um…you could take them for like, a few days before they get nasty. A lot more if they’re refrigerated or in a bag of holding. Anyways, the Scale Soup is now the Scaleguard Sandwich! It’s…a giant stuffed artichoke leaf. But it tastes better!”
Bevussa brightened up.
“I’ll take eight, then. Double dose.”
“Aw, Captain—”
