7.60
Page 6
Jericha descended the steps and looked at the [Toxins Expert]. The [Assassin] paused. It had been she who’d defeated the [Assassin] in the moments when Lord Tyrion had gone to secure the cure. If it had been the [Lord]—well, the [Toxins Expert] thought she wouldn’t have been in one piece.
…Comparatively. She spat some blood, hoping that the woman would come closer. Even her blood was poisonous. But the second to Lord Tyrion was careful. She’d removed all the [Assassin]’s weapons, even the hidden ones.
“The Guild’s being destroyed? The other Faces?”
“Dead or being hunted.”
“…The Circle?”
“It will be rooted out and purged. Every traitorous member. My [Lord] has sworn it.”
“Huh. Okay.”
Jericha hesitated. She eyed the restrained [Assassin].
“You have nothing else to say?”
“I never liked the Guild. Or my fellows. I had a few friends. I came close, though. Your [Lord] begged me on his knees for my help.”
Jericha clenched one hand. She took a step forwards—then relaxed. She stepped back, sighed.
“House Veltras is extinguishing your fellow [Assassins] one by one, [Assassin]. But your existence proves we were unprepared. There are more, aren’t there?”
“Oh yes.”
The [Mage] found a seat. She sat there, and the [Toxins Expert] looked up at her.
“You will tell me everything. Your Guild—your secrets. Where you all sprung from.”
“And if I do…you’ll kill me swiftly?”
A hoarse laugh. Jericha’s stony face twitched. She looked at the [Assassin] and almost smiled.
“No. That is what you will tell me. Either way, you’ll live. We have personal business to settle.”
“Ah.”
The [Assassin] began to giggle, and laugh. She wondered if Jericha even knew how she’d been trained. If she should surpass that—she’d be very impressed.
Oh well. She kept laughing, until the [Silence] spell cut off the sound. And still laughed then.
She’d been so close! For a no one like her—hadn’t that been something?
Alas. Here came the consequences.
 
—-
 
“Our best [Assassins] are dead. Some of our agents have been compromised. Rooted out. They—they’ve killed one of the Petals of Death!”
The Circle of Thorns met thusly. Not in person; but their representatives filled the room built for them. Some from far away. Puppet proxies, magical reflections, their origin and sending disguised.
One of them was shouting. Raving, in a panic. In fear of his very life. Some of the others were likewise. Two were silent. The rest?
“We are all in danger! What will we do? The Five Families—that damned Veltras has sworn to find all of us! We have to hide. We—we must—”
They had tried to take it all, and in the process, lost everything they had. The Circle could still fight back, though. They had agents, members of the Guild who weren’t active fighters. They just had to…
The inner sanctum of the Circle of Thorns was suddenly filled with a strange sound. The Petals of Death, and the speaker, jerked. Suddenly—
There was applause. Half of the Petals of Death stood on their feet, applauding, a standing ovation. One of them spoke.
“Well done! Splendid! This has been the greatest display of ineptitude from the Circle! More than in a thousand years! More blood spilled, more members lost! A disaster like none ever seen! The guild is broken, the Circle is hunted!”
The Petal of Death laughed. The others were laughing, applauding, even cheering.
The other Petals stirred.
“Wh—what? Are you mad? There’s no time to applaud!”
“On the contrary. It’s exactly what we wanted!”
It was a standing ovation. Half the Petals applauded, the other half sat in bewildered silence.
