7.61
Page 23
Remane did a double-take as he stared at Niers. The Fraerling had a number of tonics he was checking in his bag of holding. Not standard potions either. The Fraerling noticed the Drake’s avaricious look, then how Remane caught himself.
“Er—that is, I’m sorry, Lord—”
“No need, Remane.”
Niers decided not to upbraid the Drake over his name. He lifted one of the custom-made tonics he had brought with him. Six. He put it back carefully as all the adventurers and Remane stared at it.
“What’s that tonic? Some kind of super-potion?”
“You could say that. If you had to put a market value on it—it’s probably a hundred thousand gold pieces.”
One of the adventurers sprayed the liquid he’d been drinking out of his mouth. A potion? The colored liquid hit his companions and a horse reared.
“A hundred thousand?”
Remane stared. Niers grinned at his look.
“Don’t be so amazed, Remane. It’s not something you can sell on the market. And that’s a comparative price. That’s…about what the Fraerlings charge for it. Incomparable to change, really. More common in the villages—but outside? I’m pretty much the only one with a source.”
“I see. Well, Lord Astoragon—I’m afraid there’s not much to see, as you can…see.”
“Indeed. It’s sort of disappointing.”
The Flood Plains really weren’t all that. Oh, the High Passes were high, but the city wasn’t as grand as a Balerosian fortress. Niers sighed. He eyed the road they were travelling down.
“We can circle back, Remane. I’ll take care of my business after taking a look at the dungeon.”
“Ah, of course, Lord Astoragon. Just a bit further. Then we’ll get you to the inn so you can visit the [Innkeeper].”
The Fraerling nodded to himself. He looked ahead…
And his spine prickled. Wait a moment.
He’d never told Remane or Merxel he wanted to meet Erin Solstice.
 
—-
 
Todi was watching the portal room. Half his team was in the inn. Something was up. Drakes? Lyonette was calling for Mrsha, arguing with a Goblin.
But his attention was on the door. One of his adventurers, a [Mage], was frowning at the door where The Cherinion Swords had just gone through.
“Why’d they go through to Esthelm, Todi? Do you think they’re on the Wyvern bounty?”
The Gold-rank Captain grunted sourly. He adjusted his grip on the crossbow he’d drawn out of reflex.
“If they are, good. And good riddance. You don’t want that team lurking about Liscor, Geori. I’d actually have to talk to Miss Solstice about that.”
“Why?”
Todi pursed his lips to spit, and checked the tiles and temporary flooring Hexel had laid in record time after all the disruptions. The visitors mostly thought the door was still offline, but a few had been trickling in. Good thing the inn wasn’t too full if they had to wipe off some Drake idiots. He hoped it would earn him credit. And he was just glad the other team was gone. He nodded at the door as he muttered.
“They’re thugs for hire. Disreputable bastards, the lot. Closer to the Gangs then actual adventurers. Mark that Drake’s face too. You hire that team if you want to kill someone.”
 
—-
 
The road was so flat. And they were headed through the High Passes—Niers stared back at the city in the distance.
“Did you say The Wandering Inn, Remane?”
The drake faltered. His eager smile flickered. The Cherinion Swords glanced up.
“I just assumed that was your destination, Lord As—sir. What else is there to see? Besides the dungeon, of course.”
“Oh, of course. Damn. Well, that’s me. Slipping up. Clever picking up on it.”
The Drake saw the Fraerling nod, disappointed.
