7.61
Page 0

Can you feel it? Sense it in the air?
The Fraerling hummed as he adjusted the doublet in the morning. He checked his reflection in the full-length mirror, barely more than a compact for anyone else.
He was the most famous Fraerling in the world. The only one with a name, really. One that remained.
Niers Astoragon. The Titan of Baleros.
The other species knew so little of his kind. Fraerlings were as reclusive as Gazers. As mysterious as Demons, if not so feared.
One foot high, and still athletic. Far stronger than he looked, although that was strong for his size. And…the [Grandmaster Strategist] checked his hair.
“Greying. Should I dye my hair, do you think, Perorn?”
The Centaur [Strategist] sighed. Another famous member of her species in her own right. She eyed Niers’ clothes critically. This was the third outfit.
“No. And the doublet’s too much.”
“Damn. You think so?”
“Try this one.”
She handed him another outfit, one less flashy. It wasn’t the style of the doublet, it was the eye-catching color. Niers Astoragon had clothes that could put a [Troubadour] to shame. Good-naturedly, he tried on the other suit, a more restrained Chandrarian-style outfit for semi-formal occasions.
“Thank you. I think this might do?”
“I’m not sure why you asked me to help you choose clothes. I’ve never even worn pants.”
“Ah, but it was you, Peclir, Foliana, or a few others. And you’re known for having a sense of fashion. The others? Not so much.”
Perorn preened a bit at the rare compliment.
“I suppose that’s true.”
She herself had a light cardigan on—something for teaching. And true to her comment—Centaurs wore kilts, or long dresses, rather than anything so form-fitting as pants. Niers shook his head.
“Fashion sense matters across species. I think it’s a talent. Even if there are no Centaur pants.”
“No doubt. And I didn’t say there aren’t pants for Centaurs. I saw a Centaur wearing them. Once.”
The Titan was sufficiently thrown by the comment, enough to stop putting on his boots.
“…Say what now?”
“Pants. I saw a female Centaur wearing them, once. The most unattractive thing ever. I nearly found the [Tailor] so I could kick him.”
“What did it look like?”
“Imagine…pajama pants, but all four legs. Ran all the way up to here.”
Perorn indicated her midsection. Niers hesitated.
“That cannot be comfy.”
“Oh, it wasn’t. She wore it to put off her suitors. It worked.”
“Dead gods. I wish I could have seen that. Pants on a Centaur.”
Niers sighed. But then he resumed putting on his boots, humming under his breath. A marching song, a tune from Baleros. It meant he really was in a good mood. Perorn eyed him.
She was a bit confused. The Titan could be jolly as you liked at times. Expansive, excited, keen—or sourly annoyed. His students had long learned to watch out for his mood, as had his enemies in battle.
But she wouldn’t have expected him to be so…chipper today. Especially since she felt like the news wasn’t calculated to make the Titan smile.
The news. It wasn’t just informant reports, or gossip anymore. It was…a thing. The scrying orb on Niers’ table-room aside, Perorn saw the ‘news’ lying there, freshly printed from the Mage’s Guild by a [Scribe] in ink.
Chess Weekly, delivered just this morning. She had a subscription herself and after reading the front page and the big font next to the stylized cover of the magazine (a giant rook piece on a chess board, outlined since the [Scribe] had to draw it for each edition), she’d been dreading Niers’ mood.
 
