7.61
Page 21
“Shut up. Lord Astoragon—”
Niers nearly stabbed Remane with his enchanted shortsword. For an agent, he was as obvious as the sun! But he was whispering.
“—we’re just entering Liscor. Should we head to the inn now or…?”
The Fraerling heard a murmur of voices. He hesitated.
The other inn Peclir had booked would be good. He’d stay there, maybe get a lay of the city, hear about the inn. And then the next morning? Walk on in…by himself.
“That’s fine, Remane. But now that I think of it—do me a favor and do a walkabout outside the city?”
“Outside? That’s—”
“Shut up.”
Remane hissed at the others. He spoke.
“Very good idea, Lord Astoragon. Change course! Out the gates.”
Niers nodded to himself. The one thing he couldn’t do was see the landscape for himself. Short legs.
“Let me know once we’re out of the gates. And Remane?”
“Yes, L—”
“In the name of Gazers, stop saying my damn name.”
He was going to recommend Remane for immediate reassignment after this, hard work or not. Niers sat back and waited for his first view of Liscor. And The Wandering Inn.
 
—-
 
The Rock Crab was dead. The [Ambush Captain] saw it stop moving at last and breathed out. He was—shaken.
“Injuries?”
Half his squad had taken hits in the fight from the pincers. No one was dead thanks to them noticing the monster in time. But they were armed with crossbows and shortswords. Not exactly how you wanted to fight a giant crab armored in stone.
“That’s Liscor’s monsters? Ancestors! What’s wrong with this place?”
“We fight Bloodfield things.”
One of the Drakes retorted. But they were all a bit shaken. The [Ambush Captain] shook his head. He called in to the other squads.
“The area is not secure. Recommend moving forwards or finding a secure spot.”
A moment of hesitation and chatter as the words were repeated from squad to squad, bouncing along the link.
“…Agreed, 4th Squad. Let’s do some damage and get the hell out of here. Hectval forever!”
“Hectval’s arrows! Move up and communicate targets…”
At this point, one of the Listeners below the chattering Drake squads felt this merited relaying. It had listened to the quite loud conversation amid all the other background noise. It sent out a signal. Soon—the entire conversation was relayed to a thinking mind, rather than just the sensor-Antinium.
 
—-
 
“Hmm. Hmm. That is odd. Hectval?”
In The Wandering Inn, Belgrade received the incoming transmission via the Free Queen. He tilted his head left and right. Simultaneously, Yellow Splatters halted his patrol of the city and saluted.
“Senior Guardsman, I beg to report an incident!”
Jeiss nearly jumped out of his scales. He whirled as the first Antinium patrol followed him around, observing the Senior Guardsman and [Councilmember].
“Ancestors! Don’t shout, Yellow Splatters! What is it?”
He listened, around the same time as Belgrade was deciding that this was a hostile force and something should be done about it. He looked around.
“Numbtongue? I have an issue and Miss Erin is not here. Would you hear me out?”
The Hobgoblin sat in a chair, moodily playing on the guitar. He looked up and grunted.
“What?”
It was an uncharitable response from the [Bard], who normally had a lot of time for Antinium. It was because Numbtongue was in a bad mood.
He had a problem. And it was this: Badarrow cheated at video games and was, therefore, a terrible person. He wouldn’t even admit he was cheating, and Numbtongue, who had practiced and was the best player in the inn, was, in fact, better.
The second was a more prosaic matter. And it was that he had an unhappy ghost in his head.
