7.61
Page 3
Perorn rolled her eyes as she reclined into some cushions. Even here he had to steal the spotlight in the most dramatic way possible. A [Servant] delicately swept up the powdered glass as Niers looked around.
“Friends. Comrades of the Forgotten Wing Company. Foliana.”
“Morning.”
The Titan looked around the table.
“I see a number of faces that haven’t been here in a while. Strategists—thank you for making the long trip.”
The six nodded to Niers. He went on.
“And congratulations—our interference in the battle with Maelstrom’s Howling and the Iron Vanguard was effective, unexpected, and eye-catching. Not what I would have done, but just as effective. Tulm was very upset. He nearly threw his head at us!”
The others chuckled. Perorn just listened. The six [Strategists] had formed a think-tank to come up with that maneuver, and facilitated the diplomatic agreements that led to the Bannermare getting her surprise reinforcements. Niers had ordered them to do it. He had not taken part in the planning, only execution.
“I’m sure you’ve all speculated why I asked for that little maneuver. And why indeed I’ve been moving our top people about. Concentrating them here when we have so many holdings.”
“I have to ask. Is it war?”
A Lamia grinned from her seat at the table. Niers threw a fork at her. It bounced off the scales of her arm.
“Don’t devalue the saying, Zecila! Too many people use it and it loses what makes it so great to begin with.”
“Well, is it a war we’re preparing for, Niers? There’s few other reasons to call more [Strategists] here.”
If they let him dance about, he’d do it for an hour. Perorn raised one brow and the others murmured. The expectation in the air heightened.
Was it war with another of the Four Great Companies? Niers shook his head after a moment, almost regretfully.
“No. The truth is, friends, Foliana—the truth is that I called the [Strategists] here to see if they could manage the Forgotten Wing’s affairs. They can. So—in my absence, they will take over. For a while.”
He let that sink in. The others blinked. Foliana chewed down another beet. Perorn started.
“Niers. Are you—”
“I. Am going on a vacation. Don’t worry. I have a double set up. The Forgotten Wing company does not lack for intelligence or capable minds in my absence. But I will be gone for a while.”
Silence. Stunned silence. Niers Astoragon had not taken a vacation…ever. He, like Foliana, embodied the newest of the Four Great Companies. They had any number of powerful, talented individuals like Perorn.
But the Titan was one of the reasons why the other Four Great Companies took theirs so seriously. And unlike Foliana, Niers was the most responsible, most…
It was the infatuation. Perorn had seen all the signs. The Titan growing distracted, moody—she’d seen it with the Lord of the Dance fiasco. She just hadn’t expected it to get this far. It had only gotten this far twice.
She and the others had questions. But the Titan just held up a hand. And there was silence. He spoke, looking from face to face.
“Friends. It won’t be long. But listen to me. I’ve realized something of late.”
He glanced at his reflection in a tiny spoon, at the others. All far older than when they’d first met. He chuckled, almost ruefully.
“We have grown complacent. All of us. Look at what we are. The Forgotten Wing Company. One of the Four Companies of Baleros and all that. But do you remember how we started? We were adventurers. A mercenary group, fighting for gold—running, negotiating—look at us now. Growing fat and complacent in our success. Our old age.”
“I’m not fat.”
