7.61
Page 4
“Shut up, Foliana. I’ve been thinking, and it seems to me that in Baleros at least, age is, if not complacency, then preservation. The old excel at keeping things running. At creating nations. Building and managing and maintaining things the way they are. The young are good at, well, destroying things. Growing fast. Not so much building.”
Fair statements, if general. There were murmurs, agreeing and dissenting. Niers sighed.
“When we were young—and I feel like it was yesterday—we fought like we were invincible. We won battles we could have never won with sense. In our old age, we’re cannier. We fight battles we know we can win.”
“That’s just good strategy.”
Someone snorted. Niers nodded.
“But it was that spark of youth, Juste, that let us beat the old guard. The old [Generals] and leaders who thought they had us cornered. When did we lose that? Have we lost that? Because if we have—it’s time to retire. Get out before we end up like the very same people we defeated. But if we’re still young—let’s continue. Which is it?”
Silence for a moment. It wasn’t something the Titan wanted an answer to, anyways. Perorn listened. Niers looked around, eyes glittering with excitement.
“…I’m going. I’ll be back. But I want to reclaim that youth, if it’s even slipped a bit. Friends. I leave the company in your hands. Peclir, Perorn, all of you—take care of Foliana.”
“Mm.”
The [Rogue] rolled her eyes. Niers laughed. He accepted a tiny glass and raised it. The others did likewise, staring at him. He was serious.
“Let us never grow old!”
He drank, and they toasted him. Perorn rose, as the others ate or asked questions. Niers looked…excited. Eating his food quickly, chattering, trading jabs with Foliana—
“No, you can’t come. One of us gets to go. You’ve had your vacations. Try and sneak along and I’ll burn your t—well, actually, you can’t. So suck it up and eat your beets.”
“When are you leaving, Niers?”
Perorn saw the Fraerling turn. She expected him to say tomorrow, or in a week. Yet his smile was answer enough.
“Now.”
The Titan looked at Peclir Im. The [Chamberlain] bowed, shock on his face.
“Now? Then—which mode of transport should I prepare, Lord Astoragon?”
“No need. I have that set up. I just need you to do something for me to help me on my way, Peclir. You’re about to learn one of my secrets. Quickly now—I need to be on my way in five minutes. You just need to…”
He stood up. The others stirred, knowing which trick this was. And their speculation intensified. He really was leaving. The Titan rose. He turned, beaming, and swept off his hat.
Then—
He was gone.
 
—-
 
The Earl Altestiel of Desonis left The Wandering Inn in the early morning. It was raining in Invrisil, as he began his journey home.
…Mostly over the carriage his people were bundling him into. Nowhere else, really. Just a storm cloud in the air. Erin thought it looked really cool. And silly.
And it was bundling the Earl, not escorting him. Erin Solstice had never seen an Earl being practically tied up and carted off, but the Queen of Desonis had apparently given an order no one but Altestiel dared to disobey.
“I could delay another day! Say there’s a damn Creler infestation on the roads!”
Altestiel was sulking as Kiish and two others tried to push him into the carriage without actually doing so. He turned to Erin.
“Miss Solstice. I hope I can prevail on you for at least a few games? Keep in [Message] contact? And my invitation stands…”
“Of course, Altestiel.”
She was trying not to laugh, but he took her hand meaningfully.
“If I could just say that—Kiish, I will fire you!”
