7.61
Page 7
Erin saw it as she wiped her eyes again. She stood, near the end.
He would be cremated, as per his will. No coffin for him. Even in his family’s cemeteries, Lord Toldos had written, he did not want to risk his remains being despoiled by necromancy or death magic.
Cremation was, apparently, the most common practice. Sometimes the ashes were buried afterwards.
They lit the flame as the [Lords] and [Ladies] spoke. Then the retainers, one of whom was old enough to have known Toldos as a boy. The woman was in her eighties. And she shook as she looked at the burning light.
Erin wiped her eyes again. People stared at her. Some—some accusatorially. She had come, with flowers, in black.
The mourners wore white, mostly. Erin hadn’t known that. The colors of death changed. The meaning did not.
It was a bit too long. A bit too drawn out. It was sad to say—but each of the [Lords] had prepared a lengthy speech and not realized their counterparts would do the same. Erin listened, sensing the mourners fidgeting. A baby wailed—multiple ones.
Did it take away from the moment? Erin didn’t know. All she knew was that they had every right to hate her.
He died because of me. She did not say that out loud. But she thought it.
Redit, Teor—and more that she hadn’t known. She had seen the new markings on the wall of the Antinium’s barracks and asked Pawn about each one. Even if it had been less than she could have hoped for.
I asked him to fight for an idea. For what was right and good. I asked him if he would die. And he never hesitated.
“…Lord Toldos Everight was a true [Lord] of Izril. We will never see his like again.”
Erin Solstice looked up. Lord Alman Sanito was delivering the last lines of his farewell. They were the same words she’d heard others say.
We will never see his like again. He will be dearly missed. He was taken too soon. He died well.
If you were uncharitable, you could call them trite words. Too often repeated, until the meaning was taken away. Insufficient for a life.
“Miss Solstice? Will you speak?”
Erin looked sideways. Edere Sanito was holding a child, one of the ones who’d been complaining with more insistency as the funeral went on. The [Lady] stared at Erin uncertainly, like many here.
No hostility here. Just…confusion.
Who was this young woman? Why had the retainers given her a place of honor? Why—her?
Give meaning to his death. They wanted that. Erin shook her head.
Lord Alman left the pyre. Now—all those who wanted to could file by. And there were many. But the nobles of Izril were first. They went, one after another, paying their respect. Saluting the man with blade, swearing to hunt down the last of the Circle of Thorns, or the Guild of Assassins.
Children, holding onto their parent’s hands. Not comprehending the entirety of it.
A baby crying again. Shuffling people, moving into a long procession line. Erin saw Edere tugging her son along. The [Lords] looked back. The waiting retainers, the closest of the servants to the last [Lord] of House Everight looked ahead.
Hostility, not given voice here. Erin Solstice saw the smoldering embers, reduced to ash by the furious blaze. At least they knew how to burn a body properly in Izril. She had been afraid when she went to Redit’s funeral…
House Everight ends with me. It was one of the last things he had said. Then he had charged towards the Runner’s Guild.
He could have fallen back. He should have. He had plunged ahead, practically inviting his death. Vainglorious. Stupid.
