7.61
Page 17
“I have a…a [Message] request. For dialogue with someone in Liscor. I wouldn’t trouble you, but the sender represents herself as ‘Ryoka Griffin’s friend’. And it is not Miss Charlay. I did check.”
“Liscor?”
The word provoked a memory in Laken. He sat up.
“I’ll need you to take my words, Lady Rie. I can, of course, trust you, can’t I?”
“Absolutely, your Majesty.”
The [Lady] nervously produced a [Message] scroll. Laken smiled thinly.
“Good. Then accept!”
The [Lady] moved about as Laken decided he should relax, rather than sit on the throne. He was reclining in a significantly more comfy seat in his Riverfarm home when the [Lady] connected him with Liscor.
She read the words out loud to him, transcribing his responses. Laken listened, not interfering. He found…his heart was beating quicker. His pulse racing.
When the first line of the conversation was read out loud, he sat up.
 
Are you Ryoka’s friend? She told me to contact you. Sorry it’s taken a while.
 
He hesitated.
“That’s what it says?”
“Verbatim, your Majesty. How would you like to respond? I could advise her that you are—”
“No.”
Laken drummed his fingers on the armrest of the padded chair. He was aware this was going through a Mage’s Guild, and he assumed the other person was, so he hadn’t minded Rie transcribing. It was a sign of his confidence in her—or that was how she could take it.
“Tell her—no—”
His curse was in another language. Rie hesitated with her quill over the scroll.
“Just—write my words exactly. Just as I say them from now on, would you, Rie?”
“Of course.”
So the conversation began.
 
Are you Ryoka’s friend? She told me to contact you. Sorry it’s taken a while.
I am.
…Are you really an [Emperor]?
 
“Wait, she wrote ‘…’ down?”
“Yes, your Majesty. Er…”
 
Wait, she wr
I am. I think Ryoka has referred to me as ‘L’? She has told me a bit about you.
She told me your name was Laken. I’m Erin.
I see. Forget about the aliases, then.
I can call you ‘L’ if you want. You can call me ‘E’.
 
Rie did not copy down the German swearing.
 
—-
 
Door. Titan. German [Messages]!
It mattered not. The citizens of Liscor dwelled in blissful ignorance, going about their day. What they did not know was that this was the day their sins came home to roost! They had escaped justice too long.
Today—vengeance would be dealt upon them. The most important event in Liscor’s recent history was about to occur.
The force of Drakes crept towards the city, moving off the road once they were clear of the Bloodfields. They were a seasoned force. Veterans.
Their city lay behind them. Not far—but they had marched hard. Come farther than they had ever gone.
For justice! For insult! The honor of Hectval had been damaged! A Scalespeaker insulted under the banner of peace!
It was not a full army who came. Oh, no. That was too easy to spot. Just an elite strike force, ready to lay carnage and waste! The leader was a seasoned [Ambush Leader], who had raided other cities before.
“In and out. We’ll use the hills as cover. Those soft-scaled idiots haven’t offended a real city with an actual army in centuries. They won’t know what hit ‘em. Crossbows up, boys!”
