7.61
Page 8
The wrong thoughts for a funeral. Erin didn’t exactly think them. She’d just heard it said. She stopped by the embers, felt their dying heat.
She tried to remember the old man’s face in every detail. And it was hard. She had looked at the portraits of him, which captured a younger man.
But the truth was? She did not know him well. She had met him twice at length, other times to help bring through food for Everight, talk about the door. Reassure him that Bird wouldn’t go through, he was just looking.
He had fought for an ideal without knowing her well. And that spoke to more of Toldos than Erin knew.
She didn’t belong here. The gazes pricked at the young woman as she stopped there. How dare she? He was dead. Lord Toldos died for what? An arrogant young woman from…
…from…
The [Innkeeper] slowed, bending slightly, standing before the pyre. The wind stilled. The baby’s shrill cry, stifled once, breaking the somber mood—
—faded away. The biting flies, attracted to the crowd, stopped buzzing their wings. A noisy cough in the crowd seemed removed. Then stopped.
There she stood. The hostility in the crowd stopped. They saw…a young woman standing there. Dressed in dark clothing, teary-eyed. Not weeping, for she had not known him well. And she had wept enough.
She was here to pay her respects. She looked past the remains of the fire. Towards the venerable mansion. Over the heads of the crowd.
This was Lord Toldos Everight. This was his legacy. The worth of a man was more than how he died, or his funeral. It was in how he was remembered.
The Flowers of Izril, stopped in the street, looked back, sensing…something. The air was still, devoid of mortal irritations. Something more than silence stole the sound away.
There she stood. Erin looked past the fire. And knew—she did not remember his face. Not perfectly. But every line of it, every stern facet carved by age, every mark laughter had given him would be there.
In the garden. On a statue on a hill. Never forgotten. Nor would any of them.
He had not been her lover. Her dear friend. He had not ruled her, and she had so few words with him.
But he had died, fighting for what he believed was just and true. He had been her guest.
That was all. Slowly, the [Innkeeper] spoke. What she said, not even the closest to her could hear. Just a bit—perhaps minutes. Perhaps hours.
A moment. Then she stepped past him. Stopped.
Erin raised a hand in farewell. She shed more tears.
Then she was gone.
But the [Immortal Moment] remained. The next man to stand there spoke, and time dared not touch him. He walked past the pyre, and the next came.
It took a lifetime.
It took a moment. It was almost enough time to say goodbye.
The thousands filed past the pyre. In the time it took the embers to cool. Between the moment of a baby’s cry.
Then the moment ended. The baby drew breath to wail—and stopped, perplexed. A fly bit again. A hand slapped it.
The eyes followed the [Innkeeper] as she joined the wake. Then came sound, grieving by a different mood. Laughter, jokes. Reminiscences. Food and conversation.
It was a poor thing to let the dead lie too long in silence. Remember their names. The people of Izril knew that much.
It was a fast moment between funeral and wake. But a long time had passed, or so it felt. And the hostility? The first person to approach Erin was one of the [Soldiers] who had ridden for House Everight that day. Erin transferred the drink to her other hand and shook his.
There was nothing immortal here. But it was enough. She had given the one thing she had to the old [Lord].
“…Thank you. I’m so sorry…”
