7.61
Page 29
Something hit him in the air. The Titan vanished. The adventurer’s swing missed. He looked around, waving his weapon and shield wildly.
“He’s on me! Get him off! G—”
No Titan. No Fraerling. The [Mage] halted, equally confused. The two looked around. Then they saw it.
A Razorbeak winged upwards, gripping the large insect it had found in both talons. It struggled and bellowed. The adventurers, dumbfounded, stared up into the sky.
“…What?”
Niers Astoragon twisted helplessly in the tight grip, holding onto his sword.
“Put me down! Put me down you damn bird! I’ll kill you! First them—then you! Put me d—”
He saw the bird open its huge, toothy beak. The Fraerling felt a twinge of unease. He was already hundreds of feet in the air. And what did a bird do with its prey if it didn’t eat it then and there?
A Fraerling’s worst nightmare. He howled as he was carried higher.
Into the High Passes.
 
—-
 
“Stay down! Stay down! Return fire!”
The [Ambush Captain] had an arrow in his shoulder. He yanked it out and stared at the wood tip. Just sharpened wood. And this [Archer] was pinning down his entire squad?
A dozen Drakes lay in the grass, shooting back up at the tower. But they were at the wrong elevation, and the archer had pinpoint accuracy.
“D-do we surrender, Captain?”
One of the Drakes was holding a buckler up as he tried to cover a reloading comrade. The [Captain] howled back.
“Drakes do not run! For Hectval!”
His shout did not inspire his [Soldiers]. They were looking around, searching for a place to fall back. But the archer could hit them—
Surrender? The rain of arrows stopped for a moment. The [Captain] distinctly heard a voice.
“Ooh. A scaly bird. Oh, hello, Badarrow. Do you want to—?”
Was he mocking them? The [Captain] seized the moment and rose to his feet with a roar.
“Coat your arrow tips, soldiers. We’re—we’re not going down without a fight! Charge!”
They stormed up the hill, towards the door. They just had to get into close-quarters—
The door of The Wandering Inn opened. The Drakes faltered in their rush.
A grinning Hobgoblin stood in the doorway. A [Weapon Expert].
He held a blade that was both beautiful and deadly. A hundred times more expensive than the [Ambush Captain]’s weakly-enchanted steel sword. The Drake faltered.
“Would you stop killing them?”
An enraged voice from the inside. Shorthilt ignored the [Princess]. He lifted the blade, feeling the balanced edge cut the air.
“A—a Goblin?”
The [Ambush Captain] saw the crimson stare. Heard the laughter. He bellowed.
“Aim!”
 
—-
 
“Numbtongue!”
Lyonette was in the hallway. But the Hobgoblin wasn’t listening. Nor was it Numbtongue anymore.
On the roof, the [Sniper] had replaced Bird. He took aim. And his brother below charged. A master with the blade.
A dozen Drakes with crossbows in their claws took aim. The Hobgoblin saw the tips aiming at him. The [Captain] roared.
“Volley!”
Shorthilt threw himself forwards. [Evasive Dodge]! He heard the snap of the crossbows firing, like thunder.
 
—-
 
“Numbtongue!”
Lyonette screamed in alarm. She thrust her way forwards as Todi cursed and ran forwards with two of his team.
 
—-
 
The Hobgoblin hit the ground and rolled onto his feet. He checked himself. Hah! Missed! Not a single bolt had struck him. They’d all—
—Missed. Shorthilt brought up his sword and sundered the blade of the Drake [Captain]’s with a single slash. He pivoted and destroyed a crossbow with a flick of the wrist. The Drake holding it backed up, staring past the [Weapon Expert]. Shorthilt heard a voice cry out in pain. Behind him.
Behind?
