7.61
Page 20
On her side, Erin leaned on the counter. She narrowed her eyes, waiting.
 
Is Ryoka Griffin well? We have inquired after her health, but she has not contacted us or been seen.
She was hurt. I think she’ll be okay.
Very well. We’ve received no word that Magnolia Reinhart intends to attend the gathering. What of the other Five Families?
I think one will come, at least. Probably two. We’ll see. Say, I have another question just in case.
Go ahead.
Do you kill little Gnolls? Or Drakes? I normally wouldn’t ask, but I feel like I should be sure.
I do not. And I will guarantee their safety. My army
Your army? Say whaaaaat?
I have a personal force that will protect the event. And one Gold-rank team on retainer. Griffon Hunt. You may look up their history. They’ve been quite effective
GRIFFON HUNT? I KNOW THEM!
Indeed?
 
“Your Majesty, she’s writing too fast for me to finish my sentences.”
Rie was exasperated. Laken just rubbed at his forehead.
“Someone call for Captain Halrac and his team.”
 
Okay, if you know Halrac (how is he?), you’re probably okay. In that case, I’ll bring friends! And food. I have some things our ‘other guests’ will really like. Like this bread.
Bread? I would be grateful for any entertainment you could provide. I believe the ‘Players of Celum’ are already moving to Riverfarm. Do I have you to thank?
Maybe. Yes. Well, say ‘hi’ to Halrac for me.
 
The [Emperor] hesitated. He felt that at some point—probably the opening lines—he’d lost control of this conversation. Negotiation was a fine dance of status and intention.
 
I will be delighted to welcome you to the Unseen Empire, Erin.
Oh, right. You’re an [Emperor], huh?
 
And what did you say to that? Rie sounded exasperated as she read out the reply. Laken sighed. But the writing went on, scrawling, chatting. Using up a lot of their [Message] budget per word.
 
Okay. I think we’re cool on most things. Is there anything I should know before I arrive? Really important stuff?
…I believe that everything that merits discussion should be had in person.
Good point. Well, so long as you’re cool with Goblins…we’ll head out in two days. Big guests. Bring lots of food. No killing Goblins, got it?
 
Laken lost his patience.
 
I do not kill Goblins out of hand. There is an entire area in my domain known as the Goblinlands. They are accorded rights and protected by my authority. Does that reassure you?
 
Erin Solstice’s fingers slipped on the quill. She stared at the message. And everything changed. She looked around. Then—came to a quick decision.
 
We’re leaving tomorrow morning if we can. Tell me about these ‘Goblinlands’.
That is a discussion best had in person.
I’m sure. Tell me about them now.
 
—-
 
Niers Astoragon entered The Wandering Inn in a coat pocket after a twenty minute wait. Apparently, the door had just been finished.
It was such an anticlimax he nearly poked his head out of the pocket. He heard—
“Are any of you here harboring ill intent against Liscor, The Wandering Inn…oh, hold up. Is that The Cherinion Swords? What are you bastards doing here?”
“Todi? Is that Captain Todi? You’re on guard duty? How much are they paying you? A thousand gold an hour?”
Good natured laughter. Todi’s voice was irritable.
“I’m helping out. You lot coming through?”
“No, we’re ah, going through the door right away. Is that alright?”
“Hm. ‘Sfine. Let me just adjust the door there—done.”
“Thank you so much.”
“See you around, Todi!”
One of the Swords called out, ribbing the other Gold-rank Captain. As they passed through the door, he muttered to his friends.
“I hate him so much.”
