7.61
Page 16
“Don’t be such a baby. What, do Fraerlings in wine bottles scare you? Do you know how many mashed up bugs you eat in wheat?”
The [Spymaster] didn’t answer. He was still trying not to imagine bugs or something else lurking in the other bottles.
“…May I at least assume there’s liquid, not an army of Fraerlings in the other bottles, Lord Astoragon? If my Iremmien is not to be enjoyed?”
He couldn’t help but sound disappointed. Niers rolled his eyes.
“I’ll gift you two Iremmiens and a fat bonus once I’m back. Is everything ready?”
“Of course.”
Merxel sniffed. He hadn’t known it would be Niers himself, but he could follow orders.
“I understand Peclir has organized an appropriate escort. Lodgings. And a contact on the ground.”
He fussed about, and produced a packet of details. Niers strode over the desk. Merxel stole a taste of the ‘Iremmien’ and shuddered. Diving suit aside—it really was vinegar.
“Whoever disguises wine like that should be shot.”
“I’ll give you a crossbow later, if you like. Mine’s not for sale.”
Indeed, the little Fraerling was bedecked, as Merxel noted now. He hadn’t seen Niers Astoragon since Terandria. And then…
Well, the Fraerling was older. And some of his gear had changed. But some hadn’t.
He had a masterwork Fraerling-sized crossbow at his side. The same one he’d menaced Merxel with. Enchanted, made by Fraerling-experts. A shortsword at his side, six rings, a bag of holding—
This was Niers Astoragon, the adventurer. The same equipment he wore when the Titan went to war. The enchanted leather armor over his clothes—all made by the tiny people of Baleros.
“You look quite ready for an adventure, Lord Astoragon. Is the adventuring team in aid of you conquering Liscor’s dungeon? Albez’s?”
Merxel had a few ideas of why Niers Astoragon would appear in Izril himself. The Titan waggled a finger as he paged through the documents, flipping over each page with effort.
“The Cherinion Swords? Never heard of them. Well, whatever. Lodgings in…the Tailless Thief, if I need them…mhm. Peclir’s a tidy worker.”
He sighed. The [Chamberlain] had set all this up within less than an hour, with the Forgotten Wing Company’s extensive contacts. He did frown at one note hastily added from Peclir himself.
“…may need to travel on foot. Dead gods, why? I thought the magic door was right in Invrisil! The…Player’s Retreat?”
He looked at Merxel. The [Spymaster] shook his head.
“The door’s under renovations, Lord Astoragon. Poor timing.”
“Damn. Well—perhaps it’s for the best. The door’s too obvious. I’ll just move into Invrisil and…who’s my contact?”
“A ‘Remane’, Sire. Drake. And I don’t believe the door’s out for long. A few hours was what I was told…and it has been a few hours.”
“Oho. Well, in that case…I’ll see him now. Mind sending for him? Again—”
“Not a word, Lord Astoragon. I know the score.”
Merxel sighed. He shook his head as he went to send a runner for the Drake, who was one of the Forgotten Wing’s actual agents on the ground. Niers Astoragon. Merxel was sure he’d hear of what the Titan was up to soon.
He just wished the Titan wasn’t so surprising. Merxel put a hand to his heart. But it was thudding for another reason entirely.
The Titan had come to Invrisil.
 
—-
 
Oh yes. It was happening. As Remane strode hurriedly towards the [Spymaster]’s mansion, exhorting the adventurers to do exactly as they were told, Hexel was finishing the door’s placement.
At the same time? Laken Godart was interrupted at work by Lady Rie.
“Your Majesty. I don’t want to interrupt you, but—”
“What is it, Lady Rie?”
