7.61
Page 6
The Lamia slithered off. Erin stuck out her tongue at him. Then her eyes went round.
“Oh no. Wait. Is this a Wednesday?”
“A what?”
The Lamia turned around. Erin hesitated.
“The…third day in the week?”
He stared at her.
“Yes. By that, you mean—”
“I need to use the door!”
Erin threw up her hands. The discussion of applying a seven-day week naming convention to this world’s longer week was put to one side. Hexel grabbed her foot with his tail as she ran for the door.
“Absolutely not! Miss Solstice, I told you to make time for this! All your guests were aware I needed the door! If you keep using it—”
“I know. But Hexel, this is really important! Belgrade! Belgrade—can you change the door to the beige one? Please?”
The Antinium did so as the two Soldiers put down their burden, but his fingers slipped. He peered at the red stone marked with a ‘???’.
Hexel and Erin stopped arguing as the Lamia threatened to choke Erin into unconsciousness and Erin tried to explain. Both blinked.
“—What was that?”
Flicker. For a second, Erin saw…a hut? Beyond, some dirt, tamped down. She thought she saw someone jerk—
The light went out. Hexel frowned.
“What was that? The door just—”
Frowning, he slithered over. Erin stared at the red stone. She thought that had been—
“Wait, turn it back, Belgrade! Turn it back!”
The [Tactician] did so. But the door failed to activate the portal. Erin put her hand on it.
“I thought…what happened, Hexel?”
“It must be out of range. The door just drained all of its mana.”
The Lamia frowned, inspecting the wood. He looked at Erin.
“Where does that stone lead?”
“I don’t…know. I—how can it run out of mana?”
“At a guess? The connection was boosted for a moment. Perhaps your Skill is stronger or…something on the other end gave it the power to link. But it clearly ran out in less than a moment. Hm. Well—another reason to let me install the door in a specialized room. It might improve the connection and range of the spell. Which is why you will not be travelling—”
“I have to. It’s really important, Hexel.”
“What could be—”
The Lamia was ready to strangle Erin. But she looked at him and explained. And his wrath faded.
“…Very well. It may delay the door, but go. We’ll have it set to your destination. The orange one?”
“Thank you. Let me just get…um…I’ll be five minutes!”
Erin ran off. Hexel’s fingers twitched towards the wand he carried.
“If I hex her—will anyone object?”
The Antinium hesitated. Silveran looked at Belgrade. The [Tactician] rubbed at his head.
“Sometimes it may be warranted. But not in this case, I think, Master Hexel. Let us talk more about traps.”
“Oh, very well. Maybe we can test them out on her.”
The [Architect] grumbled. The building team took five. Which turned out to be eight. Erin had to change clothes. But no one stopped her or complained beyond that.
It mattered.
 
—-
 
It was the second funeral she’d been to this week. She had asked—and the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings had seen off Teor by themselves. They thanked her. But they laid him to rest. She had seen him once.
The same with Redit. This funeral was grander than both combined. A procession of honor guards. [Lords] and [Ladies] in attendance. The people of House Everight.
A parade of thousands. Weeping, or silent, hats off. Kneeling or reaching out to touch the platform he was being carried on.
A bier. That was the word for it. The old man lay there. Much like in life.
No—better than he had been in life, in truth. The [Mortician] had brought some color into the cheeks, preserved his body. Concealed the wounds that had ended the brave old man’s life.
