7.61
Page 18
The Drakes sniggered as they moved under stealth Skills. Oh yes. This was going to be both fun and rewarding. Liscor would rue the day they crossed Hectval! And besides—their strike force was one of four waiting in the area, ready to strike a devastating blow against the city and retreat. All was in readiness, and the Drakes expected to take the shoddy City Watch off-guard. Heck, they didn’t even have patrols on the road! It was going to be simple, and they were excited.
They were positively, absolutely certain that they were going to be the most surprising thing that had ever happened today.
 
—-
 
The Last Light of Baleros. The United Nations company. Another world. I put it all by the wayside for this.
Perhaps…it is all connected. But either way—it will be today. And I will be shriven of it.
Shriven—a word out of time. Of an era where there had been [Priests]. When, perhaps, the gods had been…
It was like an obsession. He knew that. So he had decided, in the end, thanks to the Earl of Desonis’ taunt, to do it like this.
“There’s no plan, Remane. The Cherinion Swords walk in with you, carry me out to Liscor. I’ll enter in my own terms. I’ll retain the team’s services—they’re paid for…?”
“Indefinite retainer, Lord Astoragon. Master Im wanted to make sure they were at your disposal.”
Niers nodded. The Drake agent that the Forgotten Wing Company employed was clearly nervous. After all, the second-in-command and functional head of the company was right here.
And he’d be riding in Remane’s coat pocket into The Wandering Inn. Niers sighed.
“Just get me to an inn. I’ll walk in on my own two feet.”
The team of six Gold-ranks nodded, listening intently. Master Merxel had given them room to ‘plan’. Which was tricky because they expected a plan and this was not a plan.
“And we’re just waiting around, er, Titan—Lord Astoragon?”
One of the [Warriors] asked, visibly confused on how to address Niers. And the plan. Niers rolled his eyes.
“Yes. Think of it as a paid vacation. Just stay available.”
The others brightened at that. But some were just staring at him, fascinated. Niers could practically hear their thoughts. It was a common reaction. This was the Titan of Baleros?
“He’s so tiny.”
One of the Humans whispered to the others. Her voice was a bit too loud. Remane whirled around and raised a claw.
“Don’t be disrespectful! Lord Astoragon—”
“At ease, Remane.”
The Drake desisted. The Gold-rank adventurer looked guilty, but Niers just put a foot on one of Merxel’s books as he looked at her.
“What’s your name, Miss…?”
“Chres. Lord Astoragon.”
He nodded, amiably. Niers knew they had to be checking out his enchanted gear. He let them look him over. His voice was quite gentle. Lecturing, as a professor to a student.
“You may think I’m small, and not much use in a battle with monsters. However, I’ve fought with Named-rank Adventurers. Given them orders in combat. I was one. Not part of a Named-rank team. A Named-rank Adventurer, before I retired. Tell me, have you ever had a [Strategist] boost you while adventuring? Have you ever worked with any?”
“Er—no, Lord Astoragon.”
She shook her head, looking bemused. So did the others. Niers smiled.
“Then do you have a [Leader]? [Commander]? Team captain in anything but name?”
Another, hesitant, shake of the heads. Niers sighed, almost dramatically.
“In that case, you haven’t ever assembled a proper team. When you want to stop playing at combat, hire a [Tactician].”
He looked around the room and clapped his hands briskly.
