7.61
Page 10
The [Lord] slowly raised his cup to his face. Edere hid her expression behind a fan and waved it delicately.
“What’s this about that event in Riverfarm? We received an invitation, but it seemed quite far. Are you planning on attending, Miss Solstice?”
More of the nobility looked around. They drifted over as Erin nodded.
“Yep. I’m told it’s…really important. Well, my friend will be there. She had better be there. I’m going.”
“I hear that rumored [Emperor] lives there. Although I heard it was just a [Baron]. Not an actual [Emperor].”
“I heard he’s called the Unseen Emperor. Who told you he was a [Baron]?”
“Er…well, he couldn’t be an actual [Emperor]. Could he?”
The nobles murmured. Some of them eyed Erin Solstice. They knew. The [Innkeeper] of The Wandering Inn. And the name of the inn—and she herself was enough that she was part of this aristocratic gathering amid the wake.
“There’s an [Emperor] there.”
Erin told them. They blinked. But they looked at her and believed. The [Innkeeper] took a breath.
“I’m going to be there. If you want, you can use my door from Invrisil. We have to leave soon.”
“So you are going?”
Edere glanced at her husband. Erin nodded.
“Me. And some of my…family. We’ll probably need like, an escort. But apparently there’s this coach service that can take us pretty cheap and fast.”
“An overnight carriage? Well—I did hear Lady Imarris was attending herself. And a number of the nobility. Lady Walchaís—”
“Lady Imarris and Bethal Walchaís? That can’t be right. They’d skewer each other with the dinner forks before attending the same event.”
Edere shook her head, looking as mystified as her husband.
“I know what I heard, Alman. It may be expedient to attend.”
“Do you know if Magnolia Reinhart is back on Izril? She promised to attend.”
Erin looked around. The moment she mentioned Magnolia’s name, the other nobles rustled like a breeze had run through them.
“Magnolia Reinhart was going to attend?”
“Yeah, I’m a bit worried about—”
Erin saw significant glances and listened to the whispers. She wondered if she shouldn’t have said that. But suddenly—Edere was asking her when she planned on going, and was a RSVP too late?
Well, it seemed like she had some work to do. Erin began talking up her door. And the party. Definitely an [Emperor]. Maybe even two! I mean, how would you know if you didn’t…?
Then she went and looked at the portrait of Lord Toldos. His family. She listened—and realized he had been at the Sacrifice of Roses.
House Everight ends with…it had died there. She listened. She wept. She shook hands and talked to people.
Then she went back home. She left those who knew him better time to grieve. And plan for the future amid death.
It seemed callous. But what else did you do?
 
—-
 
Erin came back and upset Hexel’s calibrations. He swore as she walked through, but only sighed.
“Okay. Let’s all ignore that spike in the mana flow and recalibrate. Two more hours, Miss Solstice.”
She’d only been two hours? It felt…far longer. Belgrade was equally impressed.
“The last funeral took six hours to attend, Miss Solstice. I am pleased that the efficiency of funeral services has increased nearly 250%…”
“No, Belgrade. And that’s not the point. I think it was my fault.”
How long would the paying of respects have taken without her Skill? Erin hoped it had been something Lord Toldos would have wanted. But everyone had had time to…she walked past Belgrade.
“I need to talk with Lyonette. Sorry, Hexel.”
“Just don’t go back through the door! And don’t step on those tiles! They’re monitoring the mana—”
