7.61
Page 15
Merxel was slightly paunchy with time, but he had never been the fittest, even as a [Spy]. He was a jovial type, the last person most had suspected of being a [Spy]. Now, he dressed himself like a Chandrarian [Sultan]. He was rich and wanted people to know that.
He also had a huge drinking habit, and his eyes were on the bottle. Delanay reflected that the vintage, which had appreciated in value for six hundred years, would meet its end tonight.
What a waste. But he kept a smile on his face, tipped his hat, and was out the door in a minute, to collect his fee.
It was always like this. The bottles came like clockwork, a handsome bribe of loyalty. And they always had the same strict instructions. Master Merxel rubbed his hands.
“What generosity. I certainly earned it with all that data about that [Innkeeper]. Spits blood my left testicle. But I laughed hard enough—dead gods. Dead gods, an actual Iremmien! I suppose just a sip—and I’ll have company tonight!”
Allegedly, just one sip of the heady wine was enough to make even Dragons smile. The [Spymaster] reached for the bottle. He produced a corkscrew, delicately inserted it into the bottle.
Then hesitated. Wait a moment. Normally, these bottles were blast proof. Enchanted such that air or spells couldn’t ruin the aging vintages. You had to actually recite passcodes to unseal the magic. The corkscrew had gone in with ease, and Delanay hadn’t given the man any magical words.
A little warning bell rang in Merxel’s head. Slowly, he took his hands away from the corkscrew. He reached for—
Pop. The cork blasted out of the bottle. Merxel saw a head poke out of the top—
He screamed, fell out of his chair, and was halfway towards the door and his [Bodyguards] before he saw the Fraerling clamber out of the bottle, soaked in wine, holding a crossbow aimed at his face.
“Lord Astoragon!”
Niers Astoragon, the Titan of Baleros, had tiny flippers and a Fraerling-style diving suit on. He kicked off the wooden flippers, and pulled out of the waterproof suit with a grimace. He left a puddle on the desk as Merxel stared at him in shock and horror.
“Paugh. That’s close to vinegar! I should have told Peclir to fill it with a better vintage.”
“My—my—Lord Astoragon?”
“Merxel. Thanks for opening that right away. I would have blasted out of it if the City Runner had been daft enough to put it in a bag of holding.”
“I am going to have a heart attack one day, sir.”
Merxel spoke faintly, hand on his chest. It had been sixteen years since the Fraerling had done that—and Merxel had been in Terandria. It was going to take another decade before Merxel opened another bottle by hand.
“Stop whining. You know how the system works.”
The Titan of Baleros. Some people wondered how he got around so fast. Rumors were that he could be in multiple places at once, or he had doppelgangers, or it was just his mythos.
The truth was…most people forgot the rule of magical physics sometimes overlapped with actual physics. Smaller, lighter things were easier to transfer.
Even a small person was exceptionally hard to transfer short of grand magic or a lot of [Mages]. But a Fraerling?
The trouble was, Niers had too many enemies and he’d be too noticeable. So he’d established the wine trick long ago.
“You should switch back to fruits. It’s healthier and a lot easier to hide in.”
The [Grandmaster Strategist] wiped some wine off his arm. Merxel still hadn’t gotten up.
“I think I may be off the drink completely. Thank you for that, Niers.”
