7.61
Page 19
“Now, let’s get moving. To Liscor. Unless that damn door’s out. In that case, drinks are on me.”
And they were moving. The disgruntled Swords escorted Remane as Niers hopped in a slightly-smelly pocket. He tried to relax. But here they were.
He should have done this a long time ago. Throw it all to the winds. He wondered…the Titan sighed as he sat in the fold of cloth.
Either way. It would be worth visiting.
 
—-
 
The elite raiding party was the fourth to get into position. They moved, noticing the flashes of directed mage-light from the other three groups. It was still mid-morning. They could strike, but they’d reconnoiter with the others. Form a plan of action.
They had camouflaged blankets they used to disguise themselves in the lee of a hill, giving them almost perfect cover to observe Liscor. The [Ambush Captain] smirked.
“Not even a dozen patrols out. Sitting ducks. I’ll communicate with the other [Captains]. Get ready—we might be moving on a target if that Gnoll-hugging bastard shows himself. Remember—he’s top of the list. Purple scales.”
The others nodded. They settled back as the [Ambush Captain] wormed his way stealthily towards another marked position. When he was in range, they could use [Throw Voice] to communicate.
“Squad Four has arrived and is in position. Status? Do we have any targets to hit immediately?”
“Reconnoitering. Hold for delays on assault, Four.”
“Why?”
The [Ambush Captain] paused. He heard a strained voice from the female Drake, the [Captain] of Squad Three.
“…Squad One was here longest. They ran into some kind of huge monster. A crab encased in stone. Hollowstone Deceiver. They’ve taken two casualties. Be on the lookout for unusually large stones—”
The [Ambush Captain] hesitated. He glanced back at his squad just in time to see a large boulder creeping up on their left flank. Then he heard the clicking.
 
—-
 
The conversation went like this.
 
It might be unwise to communicate too much like this. I assume you’re planning on joining the event?
Yup. I’m going to start moving tomorrow or two days at the latest. Is that okay?
You should make it by carriage. I would warn you to be careful. We are not always safe.
I know that. I’m taking some help. That’s why I wanted to talk. I think some [Lords] and [Ladies] might come with me—or soon after. Not the Five Families, but local ones.
Did you persuade them?
Yup.
 
A break in the writing. The cheerful scrawl went on.
 
I’ll be safe from jerks. Even ones who like to listen in on private conversations. But how much protection should I bring? Do you have a lot of monsters?
That depends on your point of view.
Hmm. Well, I’ll have some people with me if that’s okay. And some people you might want to speak to.
Really? 
Yup. But my real question is: are you okay with Goblins?
 
Silence. Or…blank space on the scroll for a while.
 
I do not have a problem with Goblins. Why would you ask? Ryoka has mentioned some things…
I would like to bring some Goblins with me. If they’ll be attacked, I won’t.
I see. I believe they would be quite safe.
I see myself. So they’re okay?
Yes.
And you’ll put away your trebuchets?
 
A slight wobble in the reply.
 
I believe I have much to apologize for. And much to speak of, with you, Erin Solstice.
Yes. If Goblins are okay, then I’ll have like, at least twenty people with me. And about eight noble families. Just FYI.
Understood. 
 
Laken Godart drummed his fingers on his armrest. Lady Rie was giving him an incredulous look. He had heard Ryoka talk about her friend—but this was already unexpected.
