7.61
Page 11
Erin heard too late. She heard a sound from the Lizardman and looked down.
Little marked tiles, with arrows and lines indicating some kind of mana flow—and other invisible currents in the inn spun, destroying the delicate pattern Hexel had been monitoring around the door to place it just so. Now they were all pointing at her. Hexel closed his eyes.
“…Brunch break. I need a drink.”
Erin slowly backed into the common room. By the time she’d changed into her typical dress, Hexel was making good use of his ‘free drink’ policy.
“Erin.”
“I’m sorry! But I had to go—the stepping on the tiles was a mistake. Lyonette, by the way, we might get a bunch of nobles who want to go to the solstice party.”
The [Princess] put her hands on her hips and blew out her cheeks.
“And you didn’t discuss teleportation fees? The mana issue?”
“…Lyonette, you know I super appreciate you and everything you do, right, right? Have we given you a raise recently?”
“Save it. Erin—the party. Is Ryoka awake?”
“No.”
Erin’s face fell. She rallied after a second.
“But she’s got time! And I’m helping!”
“I’m sure that would fill her with nothing but delight and confidence.”
The [Princess] relented at Erin’s hurt look.
“Oh, very well. But I’m worried about the party. We know where it is, and this…Lady Rie sent word that we had a free ride to the party. But should we go now?”
“Yes. I think. Maybe. And you’re coming, right?”
Lyonette du Marquin folded her arms.
“This is all something we should have discussed at the time with Ryoka. I’m beginning to think she’s worse at planning than you are, Erin. Who’ll manage the inn?”
“…Ishkr?”
“Well, he could hardly make a mess of it. Fine! But there’s more that needs to be done!”
Lyonette waved a finger, conceding that point. Erin chewed on her lip.
“Right. And if Ryoka’s asleep…Maviola needs to come. I know that. She should be here soon. Didn’t Olesm say she’d arrive today or tomorrow at the absolute latest? In that case—I’ll make sure we’re good to go now. Then we’ll leave at the end of the week with Maviola. Sound good?”
“Wh—whuh?”
Lyonette looked at Erin, blinking. The [Innkeeper] smacked her palm with her fist.
“End of the week gives us like, two days! Maybe a day or two earlier? Just to be safe. I’ll tell the nobles to come tonight. Assuming they go back to their homes. Actually—they’re coming through the inn, even Lord Ranga. I’ll get them then. Let me just tell Mrsha, Numbtongue…do we take Bird?”
“That seems like—”
“—A bad idea. Right. Darn. Too bad. But it’s just too dangerous. Numbtongue? Maybe if he wears his armor. I’ll have to make sure.”
Lyonette’s eyes were bugging out. She was opening and closing her mouth. Then she burst out.
“Protection! You haven’t thought of—”
“Exactly. We should be careful, right? I was thinking the Halfseekers. And maybe Todi’s Jerks. If we invite Selys, she might pay for it. Do we take Olesm, and like—others? Wait! We’ll get the Silver Swords to come. And Fierre of course. I’ll talk to all of them.”
“Who are you? Are you really making plans? Albeit late?”
Lyonette stared at Erin as if the [Innkeeper] had turned into a Creler. Erin looked at Lyonette.
“Hey! I’m just being responsible. You should try it, Lyonette. Speaking of which! The others! There’s someone from E—okay, let’s get to work.”
The [Princess] was so offended she didn’t even have the breath to reply. She stared after Erin as the young woman strode off.
“Fierre! We’re going to the solstice party! You should pack!”
The Vampire glanced up.
“In Riverfarm? Ryoka’s party?”
