7.61
Page 13
The two Hobgoblins looked at each other. Erin’s finger wavered from Goblin to Goblin. Snapjaw raised a claw.
“…Party? Will there be lots of food?”
“Yup. Lots of nobles too. But lots of food—”
“Okay. Badarrow, we go. Tell Chieftain.”
Now that was the kind of decisive Goblin decision-making she liked to see! Numbtongue grumbled as he watched Badarrow turn back to his game.
“You cheater.”
“Am not.”
The two brothers glared at each other as Erin checked things off her list. They could bring the laptop, maybe. Well, should they bring Palt? Montressa? Beza? You always needed a utility-[Mage]. Why not?
Drat! She kept forgetting Imani!
 
—-
 
Within an hour, Erin had it set. Players? Check. Earthers? Check! Especially since Kevin was going to bring a bike prototype out and make some sales. Same with Joseph and the soccer ball. Imani would go, and Palt had asked even as Erin explained.
So that meant Montressa and Beza would also come. Which meant they needed more carriages. Especially since the Halfseekers and the Silver Swords were coming. Which meant Todi’s Jerks didn’t need to come, but maybe? It was a Ryoka-party which meant anything could happen and some meat shields would be great if it came to bad stuff.
Erin made a note to find out how much food they should take. Not that there wouldn’t be food there already…but she didn’t know.
She didn’t know. Ryoka had been in charge of the plans and she’d been preparing with Maviola’s help. But since Ryoka was out of action—it was up to Erin. And she regretted not getting on this a month ago. Honestly, she could have gotten…Grimalkin? Chaldion? Saliss?
Eh. That wasn’t exactly a smart move. Erin wouldn’t consider getting Ilvriss even if she could. Selys might be okay—not a Wall Lord of Salazsar.
No Antinium, and no super-important Drakes. Goblins now? She marched out of her inn. It was time to do what she’d been putting off.
It was time. She walked into the Mage’s Guild. The [Scribe] at an empty desk looked up, remembered yesterday, and hurriedly cleared his workload. Erin leaned on the counter with a smile.
“Hey. Can someone send a [Message] to…let’s see. The [Emperor] of Riverfarm? Tell him it’s Ryoka Griffin’s friend.”
Erin waited. The [Scribe] blinked as she waved a hand in front of his face.
“Hello? I’m sort of in a hurry. Why are you looking at me like that?”
 
—-
 
The Mage’s Guild in Invrisil was not the Mage’s Guild in Liscor, where some Human could walk in and bring it all to a standstill. One was a small city, at least compared to the metropolis of the City of Adventurers.
In Invrisil’s Mage’s Guild, what brought the Guild to a halt was this:
“Incoming delivery! Long-ranged teleportation! I need a link!”
“Origin?”
“Baleros! Recipient: Master Merxel—of course. It’s that time of the month again.”
The [Mage] on duty sighed. She knew what the delivery was. Heck—most people in Invrisil did who were in the know.
The best [Spymaster]—or perhaps ‘information broker’ in all of Invrisil was Master Merxel. It was unwise, generally, for someone to have their class so openly advertised in his line of work. So rather than [Spymaster], call him a retired one who essentially distilled all the information worth knowing in his area of Invrisil and sold it to…everyone.
