7.61
Page 24
“It’s really not always that secret, you know, Remane. A clever Drake like you can figure that kind of thing out.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Remane beamed. Then his head rotated slowly as Niers went back to pondering the disappointing ‘Flood Plains’. He looked at the Captain of The Cherinion Swords. The scarred man gave the Drake a slow nod and finished downing the potion. His team waited. The Drake looked down.
“Incidentally, Lord As—”
The tip of the tiny crossbow bolt punched into the roof of his mouth and blew the top of the Drake’s head off. Niers felt the flash of heat as he yanked another bolt out and slapped it into his crossbow.
“Dead gods!”
The adventurers recoiled. Niers took aim, standing out of the pocket.
“You fools! You damn—”
He fired. The bolt went low; Remane’s corpse was collapsing. But the enchanted quarrel blew open one of the adventurer’s stomachs. The man dropped.
It was a trap! Niers cursed as he reloaded. He was reaching for one of the expensive Fraerling tonics. Idiot! Idiot! He should have done it all himself! He should have planned!
But he had been betrayed. It was one of them. It could only be—Niers’ eyes flickered. Most had been allies for too long to be traitors now. And of those who could have feasibly found out—
He was preparing to leap clear of the Drake when a Gold-rank adventurer recovered from their shock. Too fast. He lifted a wand.
“[Fireball]!”
Niers saw the flash of burning orange light. He tried to raise the tonic to his lips—
He thought he heard a voice as the explosion blew the corpse to bits. It was a man’s voice. Jovial. Laughing, yet serious. Speaking to him.
“We have grown complacent.”
 
—-
 
By now, the trap would have been sprung. In the inn, wherever the Titan went. It was a Gold-rank team. That was the Titan of Baleros—
But he was a Fraerling. Vulnerable. And he had left his guard down. He thought he was surrounded by allies. That was how great men and women died, regardless of species.
Because of the traitor.
“So that was how he did it.”
The [Chamberlain] murmured as he regarded the racks of wine bottles, some large enough to fit a tiny body through the spout. He’d wondered why the Titan of Baleros wanted to maintain such a collection.
Foliana didn’t drink and even if Niers spent the rest of his life in the cups, only a fraction of the bottles would be necessary. Had it just been for his guests?
No. How clever. His employers had speculated, but Peclir Im had concrete proof of the Titan’s trick. A shame it wasn’t replicable.
He regarded the carefully marked bottle he’d swapped the contents of the expensive drink with. It was actually vinegar mixed with wine he’d given for the Titan’s last voyage. Just a parting gift.
Peclir Im had been working for a few years as the Forgotten Wing’s [Chamberlain]. He had passed every test, asserted his loyalty—and he knew he’d been watched.
Well, he’d given no one any reason to suspect. That was what the best [Infiltrators] and [Traitors] did. Not like fat Merxel, an unwitting dupe. Not that he was a traitor in his mind.
He was always loyal. Peclir carefully poured himself the actual vintage of Iremmien. Then he sighed as he took a slow, deep sip.
People thought the Forgotten Wing Company was impregnable. The genius of the Titan, the terrifying Three-Color Stalker—well, they were certainly extraordinary. But not invincible.
The trick was—you just had to know where Foliana was at all times. When you were certain? That was when you were safe. Peclir knew Foliana was tormenting Perorn at this very moment. Therefore, he was safe.
