7.61
Page 14
Master Merxel was one of those sorts who had cultivated a reputation like Drassi’s. Quick, informative, and never unfactual information. If it was a rumor, he tried to get to the source of it. He dealt in numbers, locations. As a consequence, his work was prized and he didn’t really cultivate enemies since he stuck to what was known—he just reported all of it.
It was a fact that he had clients as famous as the Titan of Baleros, Queen Yisame—or at least her representatives—the Iron Vanguard’s top [Strategist], Tulm the Mithril, and so on. They all relied on him to be their eyes in Izril. Of course, they probably had other sources of information…
But Master Merxel had a special relationship with the Titan of Baleros. Not only did he do the most work, it was a known fact that Niers Astoragon was generous to those who helped him.
Hence, Merxel being delivered exceptionally expensive vintages of wine each month. Wine, spirits—boxes of Balerosian grapes minutes after being plucked—thousands of gold pieces. Tens of thousands! Each month, on the dot.
It was facilitated by teleportation. The [Mages] linked as their counterparts had to do the same.
Teleportation was only easy in bulk with Fissival—or powerful Mage’s Guilds. And even for a bottle or two of wine—the [Mages] had to strain to manage it.
Gone were the times when an [Archmage] of Wistram would teleport over for a cup of tea. That was Zelkyr’s era and before.
Nevertheless—pop! Three bottles of wine appeared in the summoning circle as an equivalent amount of air was exchanged. The [Mages] gasped, wiping at their brows.
“Status of cargo?”
“Intact. Dead gods!”
“What?”
The [Mage] in charge of the delivery service looked up anxiously as a [Mage] exclaimed over one. The man shook his head.
“Nothing’s wrong. It’s just—this is a six hundred year old vintage! Enchanted! You could send five dozen deliveries like this just for the bottle alone! Just a sip—”
“Oh no you don’t. Someone get a City Runner with a high credibility rating to run this to Master Merxel, with our compliments. Dead gods. Stop fondling that wine bottle!”
“But it’s what Dragons used to drink! Six hundred years old! Distilled from half-Elven vineyards thousands of—”
“Shut up! Stop tempting us!”
The [Mage] snapped. She was tempted, hearing that. She was glad enough when they handed it over to a City Runner.
“Not in the bag of holding. Instructions are clear. Must conflict with the holding spells.”
The [Mage] repeated the order. The City Runner rolled his eyes.
“I’ve done this before. And rest assured—by my House, it will get there. All half a mile.”
Delanay d’Artien saluted with his hat and rolled his eyes. But it was paid work. He jogged, making sure not to slosh the bottles of wine and he was soon at the rather fancy estates that belonged to Master Merxel.
“Priority from the Mage’s Guild. Delivery for Master Merxel?”
The [Bodyguards] checked him thoroughly before entering, but then let him in. Inside the estate, Delanay only had to wait a moment.
The [Spymaster] had known he was coming, perhaps even before Delanay had arrived at the Mage’s Guild. Delanay was waved in, and a rich Runner’s Seal was produced and handed over.
“Ah, the usual wine. Dead gods, is that an Iremmien Bottle? What have I done to…? Well, I can think of a few things!”
The [Spymaster] chortled, looking delighted at the gift. Delanay himself did a double-take, noting the vintage at last.
