7.61
Page 2
She passed by the ‘Business’ section. She knew the writer of that section, Drassi the [Reporter]. Ah, here was the main news. The first headline stood out to her as Niers muttered about cats.
 
[Farmers] Returning to Floodplains?
 
The article was speculating about the future of Liscor. Perorn had to remember the unique geography of that place. She read down…something about a crazy [Druid]…yearly floods, but…aha!
 
‘Now the Shield Spider population is so reduced, I’m really thinking about putting down some roots there. Rock Crabs—well, they’re nasty, but I have it on good authority you can scare ‘em off with some seed cores. Freaks them out. And why not? That’s perfect grazing land. Farming too, if you can find a big enough hill for the spring…’
 
A [Farmer]’s take on it. Celum, Pallass, even as far as Invrisil, prospective [Farmers] and [Herders] were thinking of acquiring a lot of cheap real estate.
“Good for them.”
“Good for whom?”
The Titan of Baleros emerged, boots on, freshly-pressed outfit straight and gleaming. Hair combed, and as always, artifacts on. Perorn nodded to the newspaper.
“Have you, ah, read the latest news, Niers?”
“I have, Perorn. Would you mind helping me towards the dining room? I don’t feel like walking.”
What was a 30-second stroll was a few minutes’ walk if Niers used the Fraerling-ways. Perorn blinked.
“…Of course.”
So he’d read the magazine. The Centauress frowned as she picked him up, set him on her shoulder, and trotted towards the dining hall.
Foliana was there. Eating beets. Cooked beets.
No one so much as bat an eyebrow. The Squirrel Beastkin, leader of the Forgotten Wing Company, was not alone.
Unusually today, Niers Astoragon had invited a number of people. He preferred to dine with only Foliana or Perorn, or his closest confidants. But now all of the top brass of the Forgotten Wing Company was present, eating, chatting…
“Aha! Peclir!”
The [Chamberlain] was eating uncomfortably with the others. Niers had insisted. Perorn recognized the six top-strategists Niers had recalled from their posts. Foliana, every senior instructor—who were also [Generals], [Commanders], and the best of the Forgotten Wing Company in times of war in their own right.
The citadel that had been converted into part-academy, part-base of the Forgotten Wing Company was the only real home Perorn had had for two decades. She forgot, sometimes, that it had been a base of royalty until the Titan had bought it for them. The exquisite private dining room was still far from filled. And the private [Chef] had laid out a sumptuous meal, even for breakfast.
“Lord Astoragon. Good morning. May I ask what this is all in aid of?”
One of the Dullahan [Strategists] stood up at once, more formal than the others. Some just waved, or called greetings. Foliana twitched her tail, looking ready to vanish at all the unwanted company.
“Would you put me down, Perorn? Thank you.”
Niers had a little dais and tray that allowed him to eat closer to head-height at occasions such as this. He regarded his meal, perfectly arranged in miniature. Then he took his glass, and tapped it with a fork.
The sound was tiny. Half the diners looked up, but some didn’t notice. Niers sighed. He lifted the glass, downed the magical, flavored water, smacked his lips, and threw the glass onto the table.
The shattering sound made all conversation stop abruptly. Foliana vanished and reappeared a heartbeat later. She stared reproachfully with her tricolor eyes at Niers.
“Your attention, please.”
