7.61
Page 1
Eight of the best games you’ve ever seen! An exclusive interview on weather-based combat with the [Knight Marshal of the Rains] himself!
 
The writer of the magazine, this Olesm Swifttail, had begun to learn the art of selling each magazine. Headlines designed to attract attention. The subheading was the one that Perorn had winced at, though.
 
Earl Altestiel’s battle with Grand Strategist Chaldion! Best of 5! Down to the final game!
 
Earl Altestiel. If you didn’t understand why it mattered that he was in the same place as Chaldion of Pallass, you didn’t know geography or politics. But more than that…for them to be in the same place, they were in a certain building.
An inn.
Which meant the famous Earl was there. And as Perorn had thought she understood it—Niers Astoragon should have been spitting fire. Certainly, he had been three days ago when the news had come to the academy. He’d had the students hiding under the desks.
But today he was humming. It boded. What, exactly, Perorn didn’t know. She studied the other pieces of paper on the table.
Next to the chess magazine was another sheaf of papers, this one copied out and harder to get ahold of—although it was offered at a pittance.
The Liscorian Gazette. Not as widely circulated as, say, The Pallassian Times or the other newspapers now competing for attention. This one was a local paper.
No less important to those who read it, though. It had memorable events, news for [Traders], adventuring opportunities—
It was going to change the world. Assuming of course, you had a supply of parchment or paper and the infrastructure to support this industry. Certainly, you wouldn’t get this in a nation newly impoverished due to war or catastrophe. But most decent nations?
Perorn could already see how it was changing things, let alone the scrying orb. It was exciting times for the [Strategist]. After all—she didn’t just specialize in war. The business of empire was her job.
The Forgotten Wing Company was a nation unto itself. One of the Four Great Companies of Baleros—and she was near the top.
She read with a practiced eye, catching headlines as she paged through the newspaper. Niers was busy shaving, assembling his morning kit—she opened the folded newspaper. Niers had to buy the large-print editions used by the ‘tall people’.
Few Fraerlings were employed in cities and he would have had to have the newspaper copied by a second, Fraerling [Scribe] to read it in miniature. He only did that for reports he wanted made permanent.
Well, that was his prerogative. Perorn read the first sidebar—for quests around Liscor.
 
Wanted: Adventurer to kill rats. Not a joke. Hundreds. Big as dogs, some of them. 2 CP per Tail, again, a bargain since there are HUNDREDS. Please hurry, inquire at Adventurer’s Guild.
 
“Nasty infestation of rats. Have you seen anything in the Fraerling-ways?”
“Not a one. Damned things. I’ve been thinking about finding a [Beast Master] who specializes in attack-mice. Fraerlings buy them for the villages sometimes.”
“Attack…? Okay.”
Even after having been comrades for so long, there were things you learned about the other. Perorn shook her head. A section on trade news…
 
…Prices up on Sage’s Grass nearly 17%, expected to rise further, according to local expert, Wailant Strongheart. ‘Business has never been better, so you should buy my stocks while it’s still cheap!’ says the former [Pirate], now successful [Farmer], and Strongheart Farms outside of Celum has indeed…
 
