7.61
Page 5
The [Strategist] pulled.
“Milord, the Queen is threatening to remove your estates!”
“I have too many to begin with! Miss Solstice—it has been an honor. And if you should ever find yourself by way of Terandria…”
The Earl hesitated.
“…I could stay for that gala you mentioned. Kiish! Tell her Majesty that it’s a social event. Building ties with Izril. It won’t be longer than a week. Maybe a month to—”
“I’m sorry about this, Sire.”
Kiish and two [Knights] tossed the Earl into the carriage, slammed the door, and then jammed a piece of wood in the rattling handle. The [Strategist] turned to Erin as the coach began moving and an angry voice began to echo from inside.
“Miss Solstice, allow us to convey our gratitude on behalf of Desonis. I…”
She looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] stuck out a hand, smiling.
“Take care of him, would you?”
“Of course.”
Kiish shook Erin’s hand. She smiled faintly. Then she hopped on the carriage. The Earl shouted and waved at Erin as he left. Then he sighed and, looking forlorn, disappeared.
So they left. But they would meet again. Erin shook her head over the silly Earl of Rain. She had rather liked him.
 
—-
 
She returned to Liscor just in time. Wilovan and Ratici, who had escorted her as she said goodbye to Altestiel in Invrisil, paused by The Player’s Retreat.
“Miss Solstice. Just to clarify, as a man must do, but the door will be offline for an hour or two, is that so?”
“What? Oh yeah, Ratici.”
Erin paused. On the other side, Hexel was chivvying about a group of Lizardfolk and Antinium. The hallway was busy and everyone was waiting on her. The Drake nodded and sighed as he adjusted his hat.
“In that case, we might take ourselves off for a bit of a break. Just in that the door being offline might reduce the incidents if you catch my drift. Never fear, we’ve got two good folk on your side.”
Erin laughed.
“Okay, Ratici, Wilovan. If you want to! Hexel should have it installed and done in—”
“Four hours or less. Longer if Miss Solstice stays there.”
The [Architect] called through the door. Erin scowled and shook her fist at the Lamia.
“I’m coming! I’m coming! Sheesh—I’ll see you tonight, you two!”
She waved at the two Gentlemen Callers. They tipped their hats at her, then sighed and stretched when she was gone. Finally, a break. They’d been watching incoming visitors like hawks ever since the Invrisil incident. But they’d be free to relax soon enough…
On the other side of the door, Erin saw Hexel disengage the door from its temporary frame the instant she was through.
“Very well. Let’s begin the transfer.”
“Isn’t it as easy as just, I dunno, plopping it into another room and then building around it, Hexel?”
The Lamia slowly rotated on his serpentine body and looked at Erin under the reading spectacles he’d donned.
“Excuse me, Miss Solstice? Do you mean, put the door in any random spot in the inn? Not, as I had understood it, perfectly calibrating the door’s position to take advantage of the mana flow in the inn, the natural synergy of room design to begin with, even shaping the natural currents of mana to gather more strongly in that room? Well, if it’s just ‘plopping it down’, why don’t we just—”
“Alright, alright! I’m sorry! I didn’t know it was all feng shui and stuff. No need to bite my head off.”
“Then stop belittling my craft. If anyone could just put up a wall and have it as good as any other wall, then Antinium would rule this world. You’ll see results as well. Now—building team, with me. We’ll have to lay down temporary tiles once we see how the door fits…”
