7.61
Page 25
She wasn’t the all-seeing eye, nor was Lord Astoragon, for all he was sharp as a needle. But everyone slipped up. You just needed to think—
And have nerves as tough as steel. Peclir wondered if Remane would succeed. A Gold-rank team…but it was the Titan.
Either way, it did not matter. Because you didn’t plan around uncertainty. Peclir shook his head. The Titan was stranded. Or dead. He raised the single-use charm to his mouth and spoke the words he’d been waiting to say for a long, long time.
“The Titan is out of the way.”
Then he took another sip of wine. It really was the best.
 
—-
 
I’m heading out tomorrow. We’ll talk.
 
Erin Solstice finished writing. Laken Godart read her message and sat back. He really wanted to meet her. If only so she would stop haranguing him via text.
Erin’s nerves were buzzing. Not just that. She felt like something was going on in her inn. But the news made her electric as she left the Mage’s Guild.
Goblins were alive. She hurried towards home.
There was going to be a reckoning. But first—why did she feel like someone had just been in her inn as important as…? It was just a feeling. If it had been real?
Where had they gone?
 
—-
 
The bits of the Drake lay in the grass and on the ground. The Cherinion Swords were shouting, looking around.
“He just killed Are! That bastard said he was just a [Strategist]!”
“Where is he? Where is he?”
They were looking around. The Fraerling was gone. Had they blown him up? One of the [Mages] lifted his staff.
“[Detect Life]! Guard me!”
Two [Warriors] closed up. The five traitorous adventurers, who were sometimes killers-for-hire, looked around. They’d drunk potions. They’d come ready to kill, and their opponent had been taken off-guard.
But he’d gotten the drop on them. And what was worse, they’d made two mistakes. The first was believing that even a Fraerling had enchanted gear below theirs. His tiny crossbow didn’t have as big an explosion as a Human-sized one, but it had blown off a head and destroyed the midsection of their friend in two shots!
And the second? The [Mage] turned his head frantically.
“Where is he? Where?”
“I—I don’t know! He’s too small! There are moles and frogs and damn stuff all around!”
They had never fought a Fraerling.
The Titan of Baleros crouched behind a tiny stone in the grass. Panting. His armor was charred and he felt roasted. But his amulet had saved him from a direct [Fireball].
Damn tallfolk [Mages] and spells ten times larger than you are! The [Strategist] had dropped the tonic. He nearly reached for another one—
But no. Hiding was his best gambit here. Principles of engagement. He’d taught his students the rules that were guiding his actions here.
Don’t take risky battles unless you have to. Unless the reward outweighs the risk. These were hired thugs. There was no reason for Niers to risk dying. He could fall back. Go to Esthelm or Liscor—damn them, he’d been too distracted!—and secure aid. Or just hide and figure out how badly Peclir had betrayed him.
One [Message] scroll…or had Peclir already subverted their communications systems? Which company had hired him? Damn, damn—
The words were echoing in his head. He heard his own voice, mocking him.
“…look at us now. Growing fat and complacent in our success. Our old age.”
“Not yet!”
He whispered. He still had his crossbow and gear. The [Mage] couldn’t find him. Niers heard them debating.
“—let’s just get the hell out of here. Forget the bounty—”
“Like hell! We kill the Titan, we’ll be famous!”
“Not if I kill all of you. Get lost, you amateurs. You can’t even spring a trap properly.”
