7.61
Page 22
Well, two. Reiss was sulking somewhere, as per usual. But the second Goblin was being moody.
Shorthilt. Numbtongue understood the problem just as well. See—the issue was—
The Circle of Thorns and the Assassin’s Guild of Izril had gone to war against Erin and Ryoka and lost. It had been a huge battle. [Assassins]. The Small Queen. A war in a city, and he hadn’t cut anything with his Dragonblood Crystal sword!
“This is the problem, Numbtongue. I believe the Watch will handle it, but I thought it might be dangerous. You see…are you listening, Numbtongue?”
“Maybe.”
The [Tactician] looked so hurt that Numbtongue grudgingly put his guitar down and listened. Then he sat up. Then he brightened.
“Really? Sure?”
“I believe that is the case. Bird has confirmed two squads moving in. He saw them three hours ago, but did not report it until Silveran asked.”
Belgrade’s antennae waved in a mix of irritation and anxiety. Numbtongue grinned.
“What do we do, Numbtongue? The Watch appears to be classifying them as a threat, or so Yellow Splatters relays. The Queen also desires them removed.”
“Where are they now?”
“Heading straight for the city. Camouflaged. Numbtongue? Numbtongue what do you think we should—”
The Hobgoblin slowly reached for his sword. Belgrade stared at it.
“Ah. That works.”
The [Bard] nodded and grinned as the [Weapon Expert] in his head clamored. He stood up, looking around furtively. One of the squads was heading right this way. Oho! Ohohoh—
“Numbtongue. What are you doing?”
Lyonette du Marquin was standing behind Numbtongue. A timid Silveran was behind her. The [Bard] closed his eyes slowly.
“Nothing.”
“Oh, really? What’s this about Drake squads I hear?”
She tapped her foot as the Hobgoblin glowered at Silveran, who shrank behind the [Princess]. Lyonette glanced out the window.
Hectval’s glorious four avenging squads crept towards the city. Stealthy. Unnoticed by all.
 
—-
 
Niers Astoragon poked his head out of Remane’s pocket once they were past Liscor’s walls. He inhaled the fresh air gratefully. Too much pocket odor and wine fumes of late.
The Cherinion Swords had made good time out of the city. Niers had actually heard them leasing horses from a stable to expedite the reconnoitering.
“I think I’d like a look at the dungeon, Remane.”
“Of course, Lord Astoragon. It should be ahead.”
“And the inn?”
“We’re past the walls, sir.”
“Ah.”
The Fraerling thought that was fine. Take a scout around. Check out the dungeon—was it truly a Vengeance Dungeon? Maybe he could investigate. Head to The Wandering Inn at first light, though. That was the priority. Tonight? He’d lay low, get Remane to gather some of the local gossip on…
He looked around. The area wasn’t what he’d expected. But then—he thought of vast hills and valleys, filled with waters. The awe-inspiring High Passes reaching upwards. Brave Drakes who’d settled there against all odds, or with that characteristic arrogance and stubbornness.
“Hmf. Short walls for a Drake City. At least, compared to Zeres.”
He muttered. But then, he only had the City of Waves to compare against. The Titan looked ahead. Looks like someone had terraformed the local area. Not many hills or valleys at all.
The Titan frowned. He felt at his side though.
“Gear’s all here. Dead gods, that vinegar wine better not have ruined my tonics. They cost more than an Iremmien, each.”
“Really, Lord Astoragon?”
