7.61
Page 12
“Yup. Ryoka should be there. No, she will be. I’m telling you since we might leave tomorrow—two more days at max.”
“Dead gods. I forgot it was Riverfarm. I—I need to buy some protective charms.”
“Wait, is there danger there? Ylawes! Do you want to go on an adventure to Riverfarm?”
The [Knight] glanced up, slurping up some spaghetti. He patted at his mouth.
“Er—say what?”
“We need protection! Here, come over and I can explain. Fierre—is there danger?”
“Needles.”
The Vampire girl shuddered. Erin nodded a few times.
“Needles, Ylawes! Evil needles, probably! We need your help! And—Kevin, Rose, Joseph—”
The three looked up. Erin hollered.
“You want to go to a party? Meet someone like us?”
They stared. Rose pumped her fist into the air.
“Oh, heck yes! You mean the super-party with the [Emperor]?”
“That’s right. Ylawes, Fierre will explain all about the…evil needles. Joseph, you find Troy and Leon. Rose, Galina. Kevin, I think Moore’s in the garden with Mrsha? Can you get him to send a [Message] to Jelaqua in Pallass asking if she can go? What’s her rates?”
“On it.”
The others scrambled about as Fierre edged back from Ylawes and he gave Erin a pained look. Erin looked about.
“No, Fierre? Okay, tell Dawil or something—now, I need to talk to Selys. And Mrsha and Numbtongue. Where’s—what’s up, Lyonette! Hey! Your hand is cold!”
The [Princess] was feeling at Erin’s forehead for a fever. Erin slapped away her hands.
“Don’t be weird, Lyonette.”
“Me?”
“Yes, you. Go send a [Message] to—actually, Temile! Temile! Lyonette has a job for you and the Players of Celum! Maybe Liscor too! We’ve got to get them to the party! Dead gods!”
Erin slapped her own forehead. Now she was thinking of everything—
But she had risen to greater challenges before. She’d organized a battle in less time. The trick was just…
“The Players of Celum performing for an [Emperor]? We’ll all level! I’ll tell Emme right away! She’ll rush everyone to—where is it? Riverfarm? Wait a second, I think she did get an invitation, but she turned it down—”
“Well, unturn it! Okay! Players done!”
Erin spun. Lyonette’s jaw was hanging there.
“Just like that?”
“That’s how you do it, Lyonette. Temile and Emme will handle it. So it’s like—check! Next on the list!”
The [Innkeeper]’s style of management was different from Lyonette’s. And the [Princess] was taking notes—Erin was a master-delegator. She poked someone, told them what to do, and let them do it. Wait—had she been doing this with Lyonette the entire time and was only working hard because she needed to now?
There were some similarities with the Goblin Chieftain’s ethos right there. Snapjaw saw Erin march into the Earth-rooms a moment later. She was overseeing a competition between Badarrow and Numbtongue. They were playing on Kevin’s laptop.
“You die. My turn.”
“Not fair!”
Numbtongue pounded a fist on the table. Badarrow was smug. He was winning, thanks to the most unfair of things—his aiming Skills let him hit his targets in the FPS-game better than Numbtongue, even with less experience.
“Numbtongue! We’re going to a party in two days or less! Not sure if you’re able to come. I’m gonna ask, but either way, Mrsha is coming. Yes, Mrsha! You can take Moore!”
Erin shouted back into the garden. A little furry ball raced into the inn. She got to take her Moore? Huzzah! She did a dance in celebration. But what about her Numbtongue?
“Ryoka party? With [Emperor]?”
“Yes! I’m going to ask but—Badarrow, Snapjaw, if I can get Goblins, do you want to show up incognito?”
