7.62
Page 29
The [Sinew Magus] of Pallass sat there. He looked at the orb. Olesm was a distant point in the milling armies.
“So you’ll allow them to be captured. Killed, Grand Strategist?”
“Compared to involving Pallass and breaking our treaties? Yes. Hectval is a Drake city. This is a Drake war, to them. They will allow the surrender of Liscor’s army.”
Chaldion murmured. He removed his gemstone eye. Looked at it. He placed the sapphire in the box, and pulled out another. He did not want the magic of that eye. He put another in, and replaced his eye patch.
“Erin Solstice is dead.”
“I was just informed—”
“Pallass could not bring her back. Nor Saliss. She is dead. There it ends. Focus on the other children, [Sinew Magus]. Hectval’s unwise retaliation for the insult has done enough damage. This matter is Liscor’s.”
Chaldion watched. If it had been a case of Hectval’s army coming to kill Erin Solstice—but too late. Done was done. He sat there.
“Strategist.”
“Yes, Grand Strategist?”
“Inform the other cities that Pallass is severing diplomatic links with the Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem alliance. We will hold to our contract. But we will not be renewing it. I will write that into my will for my successor.”
“Yes, Grand Strategist.”
Chaldion closed his good eye. Then he watched.
 
—-
 
The alliance of three cities pinned Liscor’s. From all sides they attacked the forces from Liscor. Pinned them down with spells, used heavy infantry and attacked from all sides.
Ranks of Drake spears, commanded by real officers, fought in formation. Liscor’s army had few supplies. They’d been marching and fighting for nearly a day.
It was the perfect strategy. A classic enveloping formation—safe for the rear as of yet. Even in the skies, the uncontested Wings of Pallass had been beset.
Eighty Oldblood fliers were fighting them. Loosing arrows. On the ground, the massed infantry was being taken to pieces. Yes—Hectval had the edge in every conceivable way.
So…why were they failing to advance? The [General] of Hectval frowned through his spyglass.
“Move the vanguard up!”
“They’re stalled, [General]! The—”
“I see it!”
It was the high-level units in play. Flame burst from one side and Gnolls and Drakes ran screaming. The Flamewardens of Pallass exhaled and the [General] cursed as an entire swath of his army fell back.
“Get [Flameshield] on that group and move in! And bring down that half-Giant!”
The vanguard was fighting a group in the center. A giant figure was bellowing, swinging a quarterstaff as thick as a club around and refusing to retreat.
You ran into superior individuals like that all the time. The [General] just cursed the few units, like the annoying Garuda team. Liscor had bought Gold-ranks? So what? They died to superior numbers.
“Coat the arrows. Hit the half-Giant. Send in the Mithril Spears unit. Kill him and the lines crumble.”
The [General] gave the order. He watched as arrows were loaded and a group of Drakes armed with the expensive metal spear tips moved in.
“Moore! Fall back!”
The [Strategist] was amplifying his voice. The [General] just snorted. A foolish boy of a Drake.
He was keeping his army alive—rotating soldiers, fighting in good holding points and using his Skills to hold off the inevitable slaughter. But he’d walked the army into the trap. And this? How did you think sending a half-Giant, a walking target into the vanguard of your army would go?
 
—-
 
Olesm had made a mistake. He had been so caught up in rage. He had done what Erin would never have wanted. He was supposed to be a [Strategist], but he had committed every blunder in his blinding fury.
