7.62
Page 37
Embria came over, panting. She had a cut along her breastplate and looked like she’d been hit with some spell. But 4th Company was mostly intact.
“Your group will take on [Riders]. We’ll punch through that flank. There. Maviola, take command. Distract him.”
Olesm had spotted a place where the lines were thin—around a boulder. An eddy in the battlefield that revealed itself. Punch through there—and you’d be fighting through [Archers]. The Hectval [General] was just beyond.
Blood roared in Olesm’s head. He saw Maviola speaking. Forced himself to listen.
“I’ll go with you.”
“No! He’s afraid of you! Not me!”
It was true. The [General] was snarling orders from his position. He had dismissed Olesm, believing the momentum was all due to Maviola. And he was right. He was targeting her.
“Maviola! Watch out! Arrows!”
Embria whirled her spear up. Olesm saw bolts and arrows flying at—
The [Lady]’s hair and skin burned. The arrows and bolts caught fire and dropped out of the air, burning pieces of steel landing around her as the colorful fletching was incinerated.
Olesm breathed out. Maviola grinned at him.
“[Aura of Flame]. I do not trust to luck in my protection. Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“Then—here.”
She handed him something. Olesm stared at the artifact, wood and metal and crystal. A mana stone set in the hilt.
“What?”
“My Kaalblade. The House of El’s blade. Use it.”
“I—”
She pressed it into his claw. Then Maviola took up the burning banner. Just a piece of wood. She hoisted it into the air.
“To me, Liscor!”
The soldiers around her roared. Olesm wavered a moment. Then he saw a Gnoll push forwards in armor.
“We’ll guard her, Strategist!”
He saluted. A Drake with a shield took the flank, watching for enemies that pierced the fighting lines. Ahead—Moore had yet to tire.
“Go!”
Maviola El turned, laughing, towards Olesm. Her eyes burned and he lifted the Kaalblade. There was a trigger—he ignited it and recoiled from the burning light.
“Strategist? You don’t need to come with us.”
“Yes I do. 4th Company—with me! Charge!”
 
—-
 
“Sir! Cavalry hitting our flank!”
“Ignore them! Kill that Human!”
The Hectval [General] was raging. Everything—everything was going wrong. The Black Tide? Who had killed the Drisshia [High Mage]? The speaking stone was confused, a chatter of voices talking about Goblins and Minotaurs of all things. A one-armed Minotaur? Was that some adventurer?
All he knew was that it was her fault. He pointed a shaking finger at the burning [Lady] with the banner of flame.
“It all makes sense. It’s you! You! I’ve seen you on the news!”
He shouted. His voice was naturally too quiet to be heard over the roar of battle and distance between them, but the pieces had fallen into place.
“The Crazy Human of Liscor! She doesn’t spit blood, but fire! That’s the one! Kill her and the army falls apart! Shoot her!”
“The arrows are bursting into flame!”
“Then use your Skills! Kill that target!”
Hectval’s archer battalions unleashed everything on Maviola El. Around her—the soldiers fell, screaming. But the aura around her was burning the projectiles to ash.
There she stood, hoisting her banner high. Her flame was the flame of fury and glory. Vengeance. Around her, the army pushed back Hectval’s forces.
The [General] didn’t even see the two hundred some [Riders] cutting into his flank. He was screaming, directing the arrows at her.
But she was invincible. Invincible?
A Drake lifted his crossbow in the center of the archer group. Five Level 20+ [Archers] took aim.
“[Mark Target]. [Antimagic Bolt]. [Doubled Velocity]. ”
