7.62
Page 16
Blood and vengeance. The Wings of Pallass had joined. The Flamewardens. Moore alone of the Halfseekers. Other adventurers like Gemhammer, and the citizens of course. Not just Liscor’s civilians. Esthelm, Celum—they’d all come, volunteering.
It was notable who had come to fight. Olesm himself, Liscor’s [Strategist], shouldn’t have been here. But Liscor’s army had authorized Embria to come herself.
And it was also notable who wasn’t here. For instance—the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings had not joined in, despite the rage and grief consuming them.
They might have. But they were instead sitting in the inn. They had failed their task. The two Brothers who had been in the inn when Erin had been—they alone were marching with the others. The rest stayed where they were. Guarding the inn and Erin’s remains.
They would not fail a second time.
Someone else not here? Altestiel of Desonis. Olesm remembered that, in the shock of the night.
 
—-
 
The Drake was hitting his head on the table until his forehead bled. Trying to—wake up—
People were shouting. Furious voices. Menolit had retrieved his spear and was howling for blood. But Todi’s Elites had already killed the ambush team. Tossed their bodies in a Shield Spider pit when they had heard what happened.
Not enough! 
“This is war! We’ll burn down the city! Call back the army!”
Jeiss was bellowing. Olesm heard Altestiel arrive. He felt the storm front break over the inn.
Yet when the Earl entered…he just stood there. Over Erin’s body, which had been moved into the center of the inn.
“We have to—we have to put her in the garden.”
Lyonette was repeating herself. Mrsha was trying to nudge Erin’s hand. But everyone was being kept back.
“Back! Back! Step fucking back! She’s frozen! We have to keep her body safe!”
Joseph was pushing the people wanting to touch Erin. Altestiel’s aura pushed more away. He just stood there.
“Which city did this?”
When he looked up, Olesm realized he’d come to the same conclusion growing in the [Strategist]’s heart throughout the fading day and into the night.
Vengeance. The [Earl] turned. Kiish, the others, were openly grieving, but they threw themselves at the Earl, shouting.
“Her Majesty—”
Lightning began to fall and the storm winds howled through the night.
 
—-
 
For an hour. The Earl had been raging. He had helped mobilize the army. But he had not joined in the march of vengeance.
Olesm had seen it. Desonis’ [Queen] had spoken.
“Desonis will not make war on a Drake city!”
And her will had been chains of water. They had bound Altestiel and his people had carried him to the coach. He looked back at Olesm.
“Their deaths, Olesm. Do not let it go unavenged!”
He had howled. One voice of many. Still—
The Antinium were not marching either. Olesm remembered Moore raging. But the Halfseekers had been grieving. Seborn—Seborn, who Olesm had expected to join—had just stayed by Erin’s side. Weeping from his Human half. Neither had Jelaqua nor Ulinde gone. The Silver Swords? They would not join in the slaughter, although Dawil had half-nodded before turning away.
The Antinium had been broken. Surrounding the inn, making a clicking noise. And besides—
Xrn had forbidden it. The Small Queen had looked upon Erin only once. Then walked away. As if that was that.
Damn them all, then.
The first battle was fast. Hectval had not expected this. Olesm sent [Riders] to run down the flanks. He watched the regiment being obliterated with satisfaction. And he wanted to see their entire army slaughtered thusly.
“Prepare to move out! Wings, scout ahead! Give me the next fifteen miles—”
