7.62
Page 17
Olesm was shouting. The army moved forwards in a vast column; he was beginning to spread them out. Too close together and they’d do no good. Just bunch up while a fraction fought, at the mercy of area-of-attack spells. He began to move them through the rough terrain turning into foothills as they passed the Bloodfields.
Something happened though, as they ran down the remains of Hectval’s regiment. The first clash had wiped out the Drakes thoroughly. But nearly two thirds had made it away. They were slowly chased down as the [Riders] and Bevussa’s team and two Oldbloods from Liscor harried them. Mid-morning saw them make a stand. Olesm closed in with nearly eight thousand on foot towards the force hemmed against a cliff. Then he heard a shout.
“…yield! Yield!”
He stared, as the Drakes, and Gnolls, who had fled the first attack, threw down their arms. Olesm twisted the Ring of Sight and saw more clearly. Yes, they were abandoning their weapons—spears, swords, shields—and raising their arms. Shouting.
What was happening?
 
—-
 
“Surrender?”
“Yes, Strategist. It’s customary.”
“Customary?”
Olesm ignored the furious shouting behind him. The soldiers wanted the enemy dead. Only the officer’s Skills were keeping them in check. Embria was explaining at a shout.
“It’s city-fighting. They’re [Soldiers]! Close to [Mercenaries] at times! Like Liscor’s army! They’d rather surrender and be ransomed than die!”
That made sense. But—Olesm stared at the surrendered Hectval forces.
He had never fought an actual battle against other Drakes. Nor had he joined Liscor’s army. It made sense—and yet it didn’t.
“They didn’t even fight.”
“No. But its customary. Even in the thick of battle. One battalion takes a beating and is cut off? They’ll surrender. Drake cities ransom soldiers all the time. Surely you were taught that in Manus?”
“Yes I was! But I’m not inclined to accept their surrender!”
Olesm wanted to order his [Archers] to fill the entire group of two thousand with arrows and leave them to rot. Surrender? There wasn’t any mercy for them.
4th Company’s officers and some of the retired [Veterans] shifted. Captain Vell coughed into her claw.
“Sir. It is traditional to accept. If Liscor did not honor the rules of engagement—”
“Did they let Erin surrender?”
Olesm bellowed. There was a roar of fury from the soldiers. It was Captain Wikir who raised a paw.
“Strategist. A request?”
“What?”
The Drake rounded on him. The Gnoll looked at him directly.
“At least let the Gnoll conscripts go. They aren’t part of the army proper.”
“Conscripts?”
Olesm realized that out of the two thousand Drakes, there were about four hundred Gnolls. Most wore the poorest, most ill-maintained equipment. And they were in front, he noticed.
“Poor bastards probably didn’t have a choice. They’re not career [Soldiers], sir.”
Olesm remembered the Paworkers of Hectval and his desire to raze the city grew.
“Fine. As for the Drakes? What am I supposed to do?”
“Capture ‘em, ransom. You can get a few gold per each one, usually.”
Vell replied, and 4th Company agreed. It was common.
“Let’s just make them run through the Bloodfields. Any who refuse, we kill.”
Menolit snarled. That was met with agreement from half present. Olesm almost nodded himself. But he realized—everyone was looking at him.
Zevara had refused to take command. She had tried to talk him out of it.
“Hectval will pay. But this isn’t wise, Olesm!”
He hadn’t listened. Even now—if the Scalespeaker were standing in front of him, Olesm would kill him with his bare claws.
But this—he tried to think.
Erin was dead. But she wouldn’t—
