7.62
Page 19
“What are you talking about? We have the Watch! We have Gold-rank adventurers.”
“Yeah. They’re the ones who’ve been taking these battles. But most of the fighters here haven’t ever been trained to fight in formation. They hit each other, they bunch up—they can’t follow commands. There’s more to an army than levels or numbers. Training, drilling together matters. You give the order to fall back and they won’t.”
Olesm knew Menolit was right. The [Veteran] had seen more battles than he had. Olesm looked around. He snarled.
“What do we do, then? Just leave? Let them get away with…?”
The older Drake was silent. Olesm turned on him—and he saw the spear vibrating in Menolit’s claws. But all the [Veteran] said was—
“I’m not in command, Strategist. But now I think of it—we didn’t take supplies. We just grabbed potions, food—there’s no command structure. We didn’t even take the magic door.”
Olesm looked at him. Wavering. But again—he heard a snapped report.
“Moore and the forces with him are moving up!”
“What? Tell him to wait!”
“He’s not listening to anyone!”
Olesm whirled his horse, cursing. And he began to feel his command slip. He could either pull them back. Or…he looked ahead, down the road, towards the hills.
The war in the foothills began to intensify as elements of Liscor’s army and Hectval’s met past the Bloodfields.
 
—-
 
Geneva Scala sat in her office, trying to understand. Someone was writing [Messages] to her. The Selphid [Mage] was transcribing as fast as his hand could move. She was reading. Feeling her heart sink with every line.
She was talking to Joseph.
Not…‘Joseph’. But the real Joseph. Of course, she had suspected the previous conversations of having more than one person. Or…being someone else.
As it turned out, she and the others had been right. Paige looked up. Daly was chewing his lip, hard enough to cut into his cheek. Siri was shaking her head.
“An [Innkeeper]? I’ve heard of it. The Wandering Inn. Wasn’t that behind—all that fighting in Izril?”
The others looked at each other. Ken produced a journal. The [Diplomat] shook his head.
“I recall—this is Liscor, yes?”
“Yes.”
Geneva read the panicked words. At first, she’d been busy administering the latest cure trial. But the insistency of the [Messages] had dragged her away from her work.
“Then—it has been on television before. At least…three times?”
Ken’s lips moved, consulting his notes. The Face Eater Moths. Events like the Wyvern attack. The others looked at him.
“It was her. She helped get the cure. And she’s…”
“Poisoned. Shot by six arrows. No—bolts. Unenchanted. Poison on the tips, unknown. Prevented healing potions—potions attempted multiple times to no effect. Chest, stomach wounds. One bolt removed. She hemorrhaged out. Death from immediate exsanguination within less than four minutes before a [Healer] could arrive.”
Geneva was making notes. She had yet to come up with a system to note magical and other ailments. She wished she had a picture. But this was enough of an image.
“We use poison. That’s—you don’t survive that.”
Siri murmured. Daly shook his head.
“They must have got an artery.”
“Yes. If I was on the scene—”
If she was there, it would still have been three-to-one odds that…Geneva checked the messages.
Erin Solstice. That Erin Solstice, a young woman from her world died.
The [Doctor] clenched her hand. She could have stopped the blood loss! If she had transfusions on hand? She’d reverse those odds.
