7.62
Page 14
Hectval. Is this a formal declaration of war?
You don’t deserve formality. We’ll plant Creler eggs on your corpses. Start running.
 
It went on, and on. Pages of [Messages], really. Yisht’s mouth opened wider the more he read. Some of the threats—well, it sounded like people were taking turns.
In fact, Liscor’s Mage’s Guild was sending the [Messages] pro bono to Hectval on behalf of the citizens.
“Are they mad? What is this?”
“Better deploy the army. Sounds like we got them mad.”
One of the Councilmembers chuckled, discarding the parchment contemptuously. He looked around at the Council.
“Oh, what are you looking so nervous about? Their army is across the damn continent! All they’ve got is the Watch. We have the Watch, the army, and the alliance!”
That was true. Hectval’s Council relaxed. Some kept reading the parchment, though. The [Councilmember] smoothed his neck-spines.
“We already have three thousand [Soldiers] enroute to stall whatever’s coming. I suggest we alert our [Generals] and have them move—”
“Councilmembers! A report from 3rd Regiment!”
“Hm? See—there—”
Yisht looked up as the same [Negotiator] skidded into the room. This time he looked frantic.
“What is it? Have they met the enemy?”
“3rd Regiment has been wiped out! They’re being held prisoner or dead! We’re counting an army of 16,000, marching on Hectval!”
The Councilmembers dropped the parchment. Yisht turned pale under his scales.
“…Say what now? Wait, that’s an actual army.”
He looked at the sheet again. He’d thought it was just words. But then he looked at the others.
“How mad are they?”
 
—-
 
An hour ago, 3rd Regiment had set up a roadblock. They were spread out on the newly-built road. Damn thing. No one had asked Hectval if it was alright to make a road. But it was convenient so Hectval had let Liscor build it.
And now—it was an ideal place to hold back any retaliatory force and cover their ambush team’s withdrawal. The Bloodfields lay to the left—and get too close and even an army would suffer. So—this was a good spot to hold. They’d dug in, set up palisades, and of course, their famous [Crossbowman] lines.
Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem. Each one was a city with a specialty. You had to have one. Hectval was known for their archers. Bows, crossbows, they made the best [Archers] around. Okay, there was Pallass. But Pallass didn’t count. Their army was known for their ranged capabilities.
And the alliance meant Hectval could specialize. Drisshia was the center of a local [Mage] school and provided a smaller army, but invaluable spellcaster reinforcements. Luldem? Heavy infantry. All three cities had their mounted divisions, but in the foothills, it was less cavalry.
They were prepared to defeat any idiotic force that came this way—or hold and retreat. Their [Commander of the Line] could go toe-claw to toe-claw with a [General] for a while if he used all his Skills. And besides—Liscor’s ‘famous army’ was doing mercenary work to the south. Liscor was going to suffer for angering Hectval. They had no idea what—
The army came down the road like Demons from Rhir. The [Commander] counted a thousand at first. Then two thousand. By the time he counted six thousand, he was already ordering his forces to sound the retreat. He’d spread out multiple wings of his regiment to envelop the foe. Now—he sent one group forwards to hold the line. He saw the Drakes riding forwards, bows raised.
They vanished. The howling army dropped the [Riders]. The [Commander] saw the flash of magic—flame—
“Oldbloods! Fall back! Orderly withdrawal! Prepare to hold them at the fortifications!”
