7.62
Page 11
The [Necromancer], the Goblin Lord, pointed a finger towards the garden. He looked at Numbtongue.
“I see nothing.”
The words echoed in Numbtongue’s mind. It changed nothing.
It changed everything.
 
—-
 
A [Necromancer]’s spell. The power of those who craved mastery of death. It was a spell Falene, Bezale, Palt, Viceria, Ulinde—not Hedault or Grimalkin or anyone else knew.
An odd spell. That detected corpses. The power of death magic, which congregated only in bodies. Not in inanimate things. A useless spell for a non-[Necromancer], surely.
Montressa knew it. And never more had the inn needed a [Necromancer] than now. She cast the spell that Pisces had taught to her.
“Nothing.”
She whispered. And the Tier 1 spell, the useless sensory magic, was worth more to those in the inn than anything.
A second proof emerged just as soon as the first. Maviola El was sitting there, disbelieving. But she saw no spark!
And yet—and yet—it was little Visma who began giggling. She had listened to the adults talking. The words of hope had made her reach for something.
“Stop laughing. Stop!”
Ekirra snarled at her. His mother and sister tried to stop him biting Visma’s tail. But the Drake ran over to Mrsha. Whispered in her ear as she showed the little Gnoll something. Ekirra stopped snarling. His eyes went round.
Mrsha sniffed at the object. Then she took a bite herself. Of the thing Visma was showing her. What she’d been nibbling on.
A piece of pizza.
It was lukewarm. But suddenly—Mrsha was devouring it.
It made Lyonette relieved to see. Mrsha had not eaten. But why—the Gnoll looked around. And Visma was laughing.
The first laughter besides hysteria in the inn. Other people looked up. Someone raised a mug to throw at the Drake girl.
“What in the name of Rhir’s hells is so funny?”
“It’s fresh! Tastes good!”
“So?”
So what? Visma waved the pizza up at Rose. The young woman raised it, sniffed. Took a bite.
It had been lying out since yesterday. And the pizza Lyonette had brought from the kitchen, also untouched?
Fresh. Pizza, for all its wonderful staying properties, couldn’t do that without…
“The [Field of Preservation]. It’s working.”
Rose looked around. Lyonette blinked. Then—Hexel uncoiled from his table with Elirr. He looked around.
“The [Garden of Sanctuary]. I thought it was broken since it let everyone in. But—”
His eyes flicked towards the walls. Palt had broken his hooves kicking the wood walls. Not a scratch. And across the common room—
The silent [Grand Theatre]. Temile’s head rose.
“Her Skills.”
“But how? Neither alive nor dead—”
The [Lady] stared about. Then it hit her.
“Neither alive nor dead. Her Skills don’t turn off. Nor does anything work on her.”
She had never heard the like. She knew of…ghosts. Bound to this world. But wait. Wait…Maviola’s brow wrinkled.
“Maybe. Perhaps it’s like the [Princess] who was put to sleep in a castle. And her Skills and all those within were preserved with her.”
“The freezing worked, Kevin.”
Joseph breathed. Kevin looked around.
“Then she is alive? I mean—not alive. But she didn’t die. Then she’s—”
The word blossomed in the inn like hope. She was alive? Maviola half-shook her head. If she was—she rose.
“But to heal that?”
“Geneva.”
That was all Lyonette said. She turned back to Bezale.
“Get her. I don’t care if she’s busy. Make it a priority! We have proof.”
A second surge of life ran through the inn. Mrsha began eating another slice of pizza, to prove it was true again. Montressa was surrounded by the other [Mages], even low-level spellcasters, demanding she teach them the spell so they could see themselves.
