7.62
Page 20
Idiots. Idiots, who trust to magic potions and never learned the basics of medicine! She wanted to say that. The convenience had crippled the advancement of science in this world.
They’d tried. Staunch the bleeding—but they needed non-magical solutions, not Skills from a [Healer] who might not be there in time. A single, non-magical clotting agent might have saved her. A blood bag?
“It says—it says she is alive, Geneva. How is that possible?”
Aiko was reading the desperate [Messages] over Geneva’s shoulder. The [Doctor] leaned her head onto her hands.
“…They froze her, Aiko.”
“What, like Walt Disney?”
The Selphid looked puzzled. A reference from their world, from their time. Geneva shook her head. She tasted bile in her mouth. That was what they were asking her for. A desperate scrawl.
 
—[Alchemist] working on the antidote for the poison. How do we bring her back?
 
“Tell them…tell them to list where she is. Any danger of the cor—the body being disturbed? What temperature is the freeze? How fast was it—”
Geneva stopped. The [Mage] looked at her curiously. She threw down the quill she was writing the reply with.
“No. What am I doing? She’s already dead. She’s dead. Oh my god. They—they don’t know about cryonics. Just what they saw on television. In the movies.”
The other members of the United Nations company looked at her in shock. Geneva wanted to throw up.
“But they froze her. Geneva—”
“I know. It was all they could think of.”
Those poor kids. Those—the [Doctor] realized no one else understood. She raised her head and looked around. Daly was the first person whose eyes she met.
“Cryogenics is not a medical field, Daly. We’re experimenting with it. But it’s not known medicine. Not to me.”
“But we’ve done it. We freeze people like—”
“Not Walt Disney. That’s a myth. And yes, we’ve frozen people. But Daly, it’s an idea. No one has ever, and I mean, ever been resurrected from being frozen except for embryos! And a human being is infinitely more—”
The penny dropped. Paige murmured.
“Oh no. You don’t mean—”
“If we brought her to the best medical facility on Earth with an unlimited budget—I’d expect us to fail with our current technology. I—she’s dead. They just froze her solid.”
Geneva did not want to tell them that. But she had to.
 
Geneva to Joseph. I am sorry to say this. But cryonic preservation is closer to myth than reality. No one has ever been brought back from being frozen. It may not be possible. Certainly with our level of technology. And if Erin Solstice is dead, the likelihood of her becoming undead is extreme. I repeat—
Erin is alive!
 
The words scratched themselves across the paper as the [Mage] wrote, unconsciously copying the style and force of the words. Geneva saw the parchment tear a bit. She looked down. Then her eyes widened.
[Detect Life]? [Detect Death]?
There was a spell like—
She knocked her chair over, leaning on the paper.
“Paige. Get me this spell. I need it to be learned. Now!”
The [Blackpowder Engineer] stared at Geneva. But then she noted down the spell. The Selphid looked confused. Idis was just as perplexed.
“What’s the big deal, Geneva? Selphid [Mages] know both spells. Only us and [Necromancers], but—”
“You know the spell? And you don’t—”
The others stared at her. Geneva hesitated. Idis formed the reply.
“Talking to Okasha, sorry.”
They nodded. Geneva took the moment to just—scream. Internally. No one understood. Any medical practitioner would.
There was a…spell? A spell that told you with one hundred percent accuracy if someone was alive or dead?
