7.62
Page 30
And he had forgotten.
Tragedy did not prevent more tragedy. Rain loved company.
The arrows flew as the Drakes armed with gleaming spears closed in. The arrows fell, tangling, snapping and glancing off the [Armor of Thorns]. But some struck the half-Giant. He stumbled. A Drake [Spearman] lunged.
“[Piercing Stab]!”
He saw the tip of the spear pierce the thick thorns. Go through the armor, into flesh. The other Drakes swarmed forwards.
Erin Solstice was dead. Hectval had taken her. And now—
A quarterstaff descended. The Drake’s helmet deformed. The remains of his head came out the sides of the bent metal.
The other Drakes stopped.
“[Captain]?”
They looked up as a huge hand as large as their heads yanked the spear out of his side. A half-Giant turned.
“Worms!”
Moore swung the quarterstaff. It sent Drakes flying. He brought it down again. A Drake raised the spear to block and the impact broke his arms. He screamed—Moore dragged him up and hurled him into the milling bodies. The other Drakes looked up.
“Worms! Maggots! You wretched things! You killed her! YOU KILLED HER. You will all die!”
The half-Giant lifted the staff again. Drakes backed up. A [Shieldbearer] Drake interposed himself.
“[Stonearm Bl—]”
The blow drove him into the ground. Moore grabbed another Drake and swung him so hard the arm snapped. The Drake went screaming. The half-Giant raised his staff.
[Pillar of Earth]! 
A group of Drakes disappeared. Gnoll conscripts ran. The half-Giant rampaged forwards.
“Hold the line! Hold the line! Bring him d—”
The half-Giant stomped a fallen Drake. He lashed out with his staff and another Drake died. They died each time he struck them. But that was too slow. He roared and charged into them. His armor stabbed them as he crushed them against each other. They tried to stab him. Poisoned! He was poisoned—
The half-Giant’s mouth was open. He was still roaring. A ceaseless bellow of rage that never stopped. Another poisoned arrow struck him in the shoulder. But it was so small—
The [Captain] was screaming. He rose into the air—
Moore ripped his head off. He hurled both pieces into the ranks of Hectval’s soldiers. They looked up. And then began to flee.
“Ancestors.”
Olesm stared. The half-Giant wasn’t stopping. The arrows—the elite Drake unit—both disappeared. Moore? Gentle Moore? More vines erupted from the ground, spearing bodies upon the thorns. Trapping others in the thorny foliage.
Ahead. Moore ignored everything. Heading straight into the body of Hectval’s army. Olesm had never seen something like that in person. Only once before.
It was like the wrath of Zamea of the Nomads of the Sky. Only—it was wrath.
Hectval’s army poured down on Liscor’s. Superior positioning! Superior numbers! Formation!
They burned. Keldrass exhaled again as the Flamewardens advanced. He brought a warhammer down, killing one of the enchanted Drakes. Another struck at him. A blow to the side, under his helmet—
The blow struck the gorget, bounced off. Another Drake took aim.
“[Seeking Arrow]!”
This time it went home. Through the eye socket! It—
Snapped. Burned to ash. The Heartflame Armor was raging. Keldrass inhaled. The blue flame engulfed the screaming Drakes.
“Forwards!”
The Flamewardens advanced, heedless of the fighting. To the left, Jeiss was fighting with the Watch. The [Swordsman] beheaded the third enemy [Swordsman].
“Slaughter them!”
 
—-
 
“What are they doing? Stop their advance!”
