7.62
Page 35
He heard the discussion from his viewpoint in one of the war chambers. Manus wanted to send reinforcements. An aged voice replied.
 
—-
 
“No. We will observe.”
“Grand Strategist, you are out of line!”
Dragonspeaker Luciva roared at the same time as the Serpentine Matriarch and the Sharkcaptain of Zeres. Chaldion ignored them.
His heart was beating as he watched the Antinium pouring towards Luldem’s forces. There were probably three thousand armored Drakes pivoting smoothly to meet…barely a thousand Antinium. Their flow had cut off—or the door was out of power. It must have been charged to send even that many this short distance.
“Grand Strategist—”
“Be silent. That is an order, Dragonspeaker.”
Chaldion’s eye flashed. He looked around. The Grand Strategist of the Walled Cities met the gazes.
“This is the first battle between a major, conventional Antinium force and a Drake army since the Second Antinium Wars. We will watch.”
Three-to-one. And yet—Chaldion’s eyes focused.
He recognized the Antinium in front. Swinging the censer. And a few others. He consulted his notes.
 
—-
 
Belgrade. Yellow Splatters. Purple Smiles. Chesacre. Thaina. And leading them, first forwards—
Pawn.
He was swinging the censer. But he was not inspiration. Not hope and healing here. Pawn was speaking as the Antinium marched. Arrows curved away from them as they advanced.
[A Leaf in the Storm]. And the [Holy Barrier] was blocking…everything. Luldem’s commander realized he had to advance. His Drakes were forming a perfect wall of steel.
“Elites to the front! Break their advance! Pikes! Drop! Axes in reserve!”
They were placed to destroy the Antinium. Soldiers and Workers would break on steel. But why the paint? The [Armor Commander] did not know.
Then heard something. A…voice?
Clicking. Staccato in places. But a living voice. His scales crawled. The Drakes stared.
They had never heard an Antinium speak.
But the one in front, with the censer, was speaking. It was just a Worker. But his voice—it tore at their earholes, a whisper and scream mixed together.
“I curse you. I curse you all!”
Curse? The Drakes checked themselves. [Mages] lifted staves—but they sensed no magic.
The [Priest] spoke on.
“I curse your cowardice. I curse your army. I curse your city and every stone upon which it stands. I curse your murder. I curse your names. I curse every breath you take, every step upon this ground. I curse your children, and your children’s children. I curse you to pain and death and starvation and grief. I curse your armor. I curse your blades. I curse your eyes and your love. I curse your food and your drink and your wells and your roofs to cave in.”
The voice ate into the [Armor Commander]’s head. He pointed.
“Kill it.”
The archers tried. But the arrows swerved. The voice was getting louder.
“I curse you by the [Innkeeper]. I curse you by the sky. I curse you by the light. I curse you by kindness. I curse you by sin. I curse you by Heaven. I curse you by darkness and the grave. I curse you by wrath. I curse you by hatred and rot and pestilence. I curse you by hell. I curse you by god—”
Ears ringing. The Drakes were flinching. The voice continued.
“I CURSE YOU TO DEATH. I CURSE YOU TO SUFFERING IN LIFE. I CURSE YOU TO LOSE ALL THINGS. I CURSE YOU UNTIL NOT ONE THING REMAINS IN YOUR HOMES. I CURSE YOU TO MADNESS. I CURSE YOU—”
“Kill them! Charge!”
The Drakes advanced out of formation. They had to kill that Antinium. They moved forwards, towards the thousand Antinium. They heard the chant stop.
