7.62
Page 31
The [General] couldn’t understand it. Liscor’s army was surrounded. But against all reason, groups were advancing into Hectval’s army. Throwing the lines into chaos, heedless of the danger. This wasn’t strategy! What was that [Strategist] thinking?
They were going to die. They were dying. And yet—the [General] saw one of the figures fall out of the sky.
 
—-
 
“Zassil!”
Bevussa saw her friend fall. An arrow in his side. She looked around.
“They’re all around us!”
Issa cried out. The Oldblood fliers were too numerous. It was just the Wings of Pallass. Both Oldblood Drakes had been forced to land.
Or they were dead.
“Go after Zassil!”
Kin dove. Issa flew after her, covering her. Below—Moore was still roaring. Bevussa heard it in her ears.
She looked up and saw a wing of Oldblood Drakes flying at her. In a ‘V’ formation, like they were geese. No spatial awareness. They flew as if they were rooted to the ground.
Dozens upon dozens of them in the air. Bevussa had been cut twice in clashes. And yet—she looked around.
Hectval had made one mistake they couldn’t realize.
They had killed Erin Solstice.
The Garuda had eaten the Scaleguard Sandwich. She drew her shortsword and flew, like she had when the Wyverns attacked. She had fought in Pallass’ 2nd Army! Gold-rank Adventurer.
She dove.
[Mach Wings]! [Sundering Slash]! 
[Wyvernhide Flight].
 
—-
 
Thump. The Drisshia [High Mage]-[Commander] whirled. What was that? She’d been watching the fighting. Those irregulars in the lines of Hectval’s army were hard to target! This wasn’t as easy as she’d been assured.
“What was that s—”
Thump. The second Drake screamed before she hit the ground. The [High Mage] saw the falling body. The imp—
The Drake bounced off the cliff, falling, tumbling. The [High Mage] saw the colors of one of Drisshia’s fliers. She stared—saw the second body, which had crushed one of the [Mage] corps.
Then she looked up.
A third Drake fell, screaming, trailing blood. He tried to save himself.
But he only had one wing.
Above—the Garuda dove, unmatched by the slower, clumsier fliers. She slashed through another wing and dropped them. She didn’t bother with their armor. Didn’t trade blows.
A flier’s combat. The Drakes had been raised in a city filled with ground species. They weren’t Garuda, who flew as soon as their wings developed enough plumage.
“Dead gods. Strike that adventurer!”
The [High Mage] pointed. She aimed up—but the Garuda was already shooting at another group of fliers with bows.
Bows in the sky? They just hovered there, as if they were safe. Bevussa shrieked. She severed another wing as they cried out and scattered.
 
—-
 
Zassil was dead. Olesm saw Bevussa tearing apart the sky. But it was happening.
They were killing Hectval’s forces. But they were dying.
“Enough. Stop. I didn’t want this.”
He whispered. He was pulling more forces back. But he realized—the enemy army was trying to encircle. Behind—Captain Vell’s squad. He’d gotten them killed! Embria’s 4th was embattled, holding an entire flank against the [Armored Soldiers] assailing them. But the regular fighters were too low-level. They would die. Erin’s friends. And when the prisoners were freed, they were going to be trapped on all sides—
“Menolit! Timbor! With me!”
He desperately bellowed as he turned to meet the threat he knew was coming. Olesm whirled his mount around. [Blades of Glory] had returned. He pointed. He saw a group coming up the road. Drakes—
“Strategist! Reinforcements!”
