7.62
Page 18
They were too good for her mercy. He knew what his training, what honor he had, his morality, and his duty compelled him to say.
So what? Goodness had bled out on the grass outside her inn.
Kill them. But Olesm was spared of having to speak by Bevussa screaming at him through a speaking stone.
“Olesm! Your left wing is in battle! They’re getting chewed up!”
“What left wing? I told them to halt—Menolit, guard this group! 1st to 4th Battalions on me! Double time! Embria, go!”
Olesm swung himself back into the saddle. He raced across the ground and found that the wing he’d ordered to sweep left had kept going and had met with the enemy.
This time they’d run into an ambush. Crossbows in the hills, Drakes with their classic spear walls covering gaps in the stone. The dead—
Were fewer than he’d hoped for. Olesm stopped as he saw the retreating elements. Bevussa had gotten them all to safety?
“No. We lost eight hundred.”
“Eight h—”
“Only a hundred died, maybe. Two hundred? The rest were told to surrender.”
The new rules of this war unfolded as Olesm found that the second regiment had fallen back, taking the prisoners of war with them. When he returned to Menolit, he realized he needed the prisoners to exchange.
And one more thing. Olesm put the prisoners behind the main army, under guard, and realized he had to put a large number of his soldiers there to prevent the surrendered [Soldiers] from simply escaping or worse, fighting back. And what if the enemy tried to liberate them?
Two more of Hectval’s regiments were in the foothills. Hectval itself was still a day or two’s march away. But these two groups were trying to slow the massive army coming their way. One made the mistake of taking the battle to a pass.
Olesm watched them vanish as the Gold-rank adventurers and Liscor’s Watch took them to pieces with 4th Company. So what if it was [Soldiers] versus [Guards]. Hectval had no idea of what Liscor’s Watch had been through! Liscorian [Guards] were trained to kill Rock Crabs.
As well, 4th Company was part of Liscor’s army. And their practice of layering Skill-buffs over their forces meant they turned their group of six thousand low-level [Warriors] and [Soldiers] and the Watch into a superior fighting force.
Olesm took 1,600 more prisoners; once the momentum shifted, Hectval’s forces just surrendered. It was astonishingly easy. Even so—after the second battle, Menolit jogged over to Olesm.
“Olesm. I need a word.”
“What? Bevussa, tell them to halt while we scout ahead. Do you have anyone in your group who knows how to fortify? Get Earlia to tell the others to do it…move the supplies up and feed everyone!”
Olesm was cursing. Menolit, the [Veteran], looked at Olesm seriously. He said the last thing Olesm expected him to.
“Olesm. We should retreat.”
The [Strategist] stared at Menolit.
“Retreat? We have more forces than Hectval’s entire army!”
He’d seen the reports. Hectval’s entire army should have been around 9,000, including the Watch. A smaller fighting force—but then, their army stayed in the city. And, Olesm was realizing, that might not count conscripts only full-time [Soldiers]. And besides! He had 4th Company, Gold-ranks! And the Watch.
Menolit looked Olesm in the eye. The Drake was no less angry as he shifted his severed tail, the other half lost in battle. No less distraught. But he saw more clearly than Olesm.
“This is a bad idea, Olesm. We should stop now. This isn’t an army.”
He gestured at the disordered ranks of soldiers. Soldiers, not [Soldiers]. Yes, every Liscorian citizen had the class. But…
