7.62
Page 12
Neither alive. Nor dead. It was enough. Reiss bowed. A [Priest] raised his head.
Bird uncurled slightly from the corner of the inn. Suddenly—something ran through the air.
“If she’s not dead. Then—there are potions that could cure her. Master Saliss.”
Octavia threw herself forwards as she put her eyes back in. She’d taken them out to stop crying. The Drake turned. Octavia was weeping again.
“I failed. I was too slow. But the poison—I have one of the bolts.”
The [Alchemist] looked around. He half-turned in his seat towards Kevin.
“Freezing? Explain it again, Kevin-guy.”
“We froze her as fast as we could. [Snap Freeze]. Montressa, Bezale, Palt—I heard it had to be fast.”
“If that actually stops dying—”
The [Alchemist] rose. He turned to Octavia.
“Show me the bolt. If it actually works—if that could have saved people on the battlefield from bleeding out—”
He looked back at Kevin.
“That will change everything. You should have told me a long time ago. How dare you not tell me sooner. I’ll hit you.”
He raised a fist. Kevin opened his mouth. Saliss swung weakly, missed. Then he walked into Octavia’s shop. Maviola El—was trying to think.
“The House of El doesn’t have Potions of Regeneration anymore.”
Lyonette looked at her sharply. The [Lady]’s head rose.
“…They don’t fix poison half the time, either. But—what about the Eternal Throne of Calanfer?”
The [Princess] was suddenly thinking. They all were. More [Messages] flashed across the world. People rose from the stupefaction, the disbelief, the grief.
Hope, that wonderful lie, that illusion you clung to, surfaced. And yet—
Erin Solstice was still lying there. Encased in ice.
Maviola El listened to the bubbling conversations. The sudden shouting. The whispered prayer of the Antinium. And she remembered something else she’d been told.
“Olesm. Zevara said he went after Hectval?”
The others turned.
“Yes. He left yesterday. With an army—”
“That fool. That—”
Maviola felt her blood spike suddenly in alarm. She looked towards the window. Then she was hurrying for the door.
“Maviola? Where are you going?”
Lyonette called after her. The [Lady] turned.
“I’m going after him! This Drake city cannot be allowed to get away with this. And he may be in grave danger.”
She turned. In minutes, she was racing from Liscor, having recaptured her horse.
Yes. The mourners in the inn had been only part of Liscor. One reaction to the [Innkeeper]’s death.
Let the others grieve. Let them try to turn back oblivion’s hands. Let them plan and look ahead.
But not now. Not here. Enough of it.
An army marched on the road, past the Bloodfields. A force enraged beyond belief.
Drakes, Humans, Gnolls. A half-Giant. Adventurers. Civilians. [Soldiers]. [Guards].
Their grief was manifested in fury. Later, they would collapse. Later, they would fully mourn. But first, vengeance.
Now for wrath. Now for the ruination of cities. Now—blood, until a second Bloodfields covered the land!
A [Strategist] rode at the head of the army, screaming for blood. Behind him, Maviola El rode upon the south, bringing the fire of hell and vengeance in her wake.
The world had ended. It was only fair Hectval end with it.
 
—-
 
Hectval, one of the biggest cities in the region, one of the best. If not the best, really.
Yes, there was Pallass to the south. But you could call Hectval second-best to Pallass. And only then, really, because Pallass was so old. Hectval was filled with master [Bowyers], and exported the famous, brightly-fletched arrows and crossbow bolts that made them a renowned and dangerous enemy to cross.
