7.62
Page 39
The [Strategist] rode towards him. The [General] drew his sword. He lifted the enchanted blade as Olesm slowed, aiming his sword forwards as his mount drew panting breaths. Before he could ride forwards, the [General] tossed down his sword.
“I surrender. We surrender.”
The [Strategist] looked at the sword. He looked at the [General] from Hectval. He didn’t even know the Drake’s name. He shook his head.
“I do not accept.”
“What? I said, ‘I surrender’. You must oblige that!”
The Drake backed up a step. The [Strategist] shook his head.
“You do not deserve surrender. Nor mercy. You don’t even know what you’ve done, do you?”
He lifted the blade. He did not salute the foreign [General]. He said nothing more. He rode forwards as the Drake scrabbled for his blade.
A Drake’s head struck the ground. Olesm turned the Kaalblade off.
“Strategist?”
Embria was still mounted. She swung wide as Hectval’s army collapsed.
“Take their surrender, Embria. If they surrender.”
Olesm knelt there. He looked back. For Maviola.
But she was gone. The [Strategist] saw only the crater of blackened ash. No matter how much he searched for her—she was gone. Not a trace left.
He had lost everything. The Drake knelt and wept. Then he ordered Liscor’s army back. The survivors of the Hectval army was taken captive.
They were ransomed and let go within the hour.
 
—-
 
Olesm oversaw the exchange. The chest of holding was dumped in front of him. He didn’t count the gold. He stopped the highest-ranking officer as they turned.
“We are going home. Both armies.”
The Hectval officer turned. He stared at Olesm. That much was obvious. The door was being moved with the bulk of the army. The wounded and some of the inn’s guests were long gone.
Less dead than one could have hoped for. The [Strategist] had done well—
No, he hadn’t. But Hectval would have wiped Liscor’s army out if he hadn’t been there. Something rather than nothing. He would never, ever let this happen…
“And?”
The [Commander] prompted after Olesm said nothing more. The [Strategist]’s head moved. He blinked, looked at the officer.
“I will be back. Next time—it will be Liscor’s army. An actual army. It will be war and we will burn your entire city to ash. If I capture you, I will execute you. You and every officer I find. I will tear down your walls. Even if I have to call for Human armies. The House of El, the Black Tide. I will do whatever it takes.”
The Drake paled. Olesm went on.
“Ask your Council why. Ask your Scalespeaker. Ask what you have done. Or we will meet again.”
Then he turned and rode away.
 
—-
 
Nothing was better the day afterwards. Everything was worse.
The Black Tide had marched upon a Drake army. Izril trembled. This was more than bravado. More than Wistram’s words.
It was, to quote Dragonspeaker Luciva…
“A new state of war with the Antinium. We must prepare for the possibility of immediate conflict.”
After all that had passed—the Walled Cities had no idea why this was the moment that had led both sides to this brink. Only a few knew why.
Liscor’s army returned. Bringing no triumphant tale of revenge. No closure. Just more deaths to mourn. A [Priest] felt his class twisting. The Antinium shrank from him.
He was not the only one changed. Not the only thing wrong with this world.
Maviola El was dead.
There was not even a body to mourn. Olesm had ordered everyone to search. But he had not found a scrap of fabric. A single bone, or limb, or drop of blood.
The fire had been all-consuming.
But. Even if it had not been there.
He would not have found her body.
 
—-
 
