7.62
Page 27
“Why are you in charge? Where’s Umbral?”
“He’s dead.”
“D—”
The hatred eating away at Olesm turned into sickness in his belly. Umbral? He was the person whom Erin had met on her way back from Celum. He had visited the inn.
“How? Just like that?”
“He was fighting. And we were attacking them—a crossbow bolt got him. Poisoned.”
“Poisoned.”
Olesm stared. Timbor looked around. He looked as ill as Olesm.
“No one was moving them. So I started giving orders—what are we doing?”
“Falling back. Get your people—get them into position.”
Timbor nodded. And suddenly—it seized Olesm. He looked around.
“Casualties. How many have we lost?”
No one knew. Someone called out the number.
“We lost a hundred in the first battle. Less in the second—”
A hundred? A hundred of Liscor’s citizens? No—they came from every city. A hundred of Erin’s friends? Her guests? Had Olesm known them? Or were they just people who had admired—
A sudden horror stole over Olesm. What was he doing? Sudden, icy panic seized him.
He was getting them killed. And this—he looked around the sloping ground again.
“Where are the prisoners? Vell! Move back! Fall back further, Ancestors damn it!”
He bellowed. You fool! He realized—they might not have anticipated this. But that was what Hectval had been doing. The surrendering prisoners—who surrendered too easily, even for [Soldiers]—the ambush squads—they wanted a fight on their terms. It wasn’t just Hectval! It was—
Warhorns began to blare from the west. Olesm looked up. He saw, emerging from cover, armored Drakes, surging down the hill. Then a horn blast from the right.
“Magical spells incoming! Olesm—we were tricked! They have illusion spells! They were hiding—”
Bevussa dove out of the sky. Olesm saw her squad diving with her. And behind her came more fliers. But not the two from Liscor.
Oldblood Drakes. Nearly eighty of them between all three armies.
Three armies. Olesm looked up as the Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem alliance sprang their trap. Bolts and arrows began raining down on the flanked army as a force larger than theirs pressed them from all sides. And then it was blood and death.
And fear.
Was this what Erin wanted?
 
—-
 
“We have numbers on them.”
“Only with conscripts. We didn’t expect this army. Drisshia and Luldem only committed two thousand. Each. The rest are getting into position.”
“So? They’re being pressed into the rock.”
The [General] in charge of Hectval’s armies snorted. He watched from the center of his army as the slow advance—supplemented by magic and ranged fire—began to press down on Liscor’s army.
They really had been steaming mad. They’d advanced—wiped out a number of the forces calculated to attack and fall back. That would hurt Hectval. But the prisoners were on the verge of being recovered. And then Liscor would be hemmed in from all sides.
“Fools. We’ll take the bulk of the army hostage. Prisoners of war—but let’s bleed them first. Each Hectval Drake who died—two of Liscor’s dies!”
His army cheered him. The [General] nodded to the [High Mage] leader and raised a colored flag. He received a flag-response too.
“Advancing. For the Alliance!”
The Gnoll [Conscripts] moved down the hill first. The army couldn’t even pull back from the pass, they were that disorganized. They were soon fighting on three sides as the ranks of Hectval’s troops supplemented by the heavy infantry and [Mages] battered them. The [General] saw a [Strategist]—a single [Strategist]—desperately fighting. A group of Gnolls sped backwards from a charging group of riders.
