7.62
Page 0

The hilltop in the garden lay in silence. The bright air seemed dimmer. Certainly—colder. Frost rose, from where the bier lay.
Just a plinth of smooth stone, covered in a sheet of ice. A body lay on it. Her hands were crossed. But those who had put her there had done little else. They had not the time before she froze.
Now—she lay there, eyes closed. A slight smile on her lips. Frozen blood still stained her clothing. Five broken shafts of wood stood out on her side.
It wasn’t right. It wasn’t fair.
Around her stood statues. They changed, each time someone climbed the hill. And—it seemed like they were always different.
It depended on the person. They would turn and see a face they recognized in the mists. As real as life. Standing, sitting—but carved of grey stone.
A smiling adventurer and his team, missing two people as they gathered around in a circle, like they had before they entered the dungeon.
Gerial.
A Hobgoblin staring up at the sky, leaning back on a bench, spreading his arms. A Gnoll, edged over, looking slightly irritable at the lack of personal space.
Headscratcher and Brunkr.
And in the middle of the grass, the frozen ground. The young woman.
Erin Solstice.
The visitors—and there had been hundreds—thousands—had climbed here. Passing through the garden, up the hill blooming with Sage’s Grass and yellow flowers. Coming…here.
It was as if the protections were gone. Or perhaps it was—a wake. As if The Wandering Inn held a wake for its owner.
She was dead. And yet—so some cried. Not dead. They said it.
It could not be. Her frozen skin. Her half-smile. There was hope. Or so the young man from Earth claimed.
Yet.
 
—-
 
People had laid things at the foot of the bier. Against stone, where the objects half-froze as the powerful magic kept the body frozen.
An [Enchanter] had drawn it. With a shaking brush, in the evening. As horns blew and people screamed and war was declared.
That was one moment in memory. Hedault’s hands, so precise—shaking like a leaf. The azure Antinium, head bowed, casting the spell. Her one word.
“Alas.”
No tears had come from her that day. Or any other Antinium. But they had left things.
Some people had left parts of themselves. A Dwarf’s helmet. A little Drake girl’s doll. A favorite ball. A letter. A chess piece.
The Antinium had left coins. Flowers. And—nonsensical things. Some of the visitors, even in their grief, wondered at the logic.
“Why a pillow?”
Lyonette gently held back Bird. He wanted to raise Erin’s head. But she was—ice. Already, Hedault was working on protective wards against accidents. Bird clutched his favorite pillow, stuffed with all his feathers.
“She—she will want a soft thing for her head.”
The [Princess] said nothing. After a while she wiped at her eyes. Her tears were freezing to her face.
“Just put it there, Bird. I’m sure—she’d appreciate it.”
How fast. Too quick. It was still—not happening. It was just poisoned crossbow bolts. Not Crelers. Not monsters. Not war. They weren’t even smart killers. This was a dream.
 
—-
 
The spark of life she had tried to give them burned on her fingers. A tiny flame. It melted the ice, still.
It had never gone out. Slowly—the [Innkeeper]’s closed eyes fluttered. Beneath the sheet of ice, she stirred. It cracked.
Erin Solstice sat up suddenly. She gasped.
“Ow. That really hurt!”
And then she—she—she did something silly and loving and—
 
—-
 
Mrsha raised her head and uncovered her eyes.
Erin was dead.
The Gnoll curled up again. Covered her head. And tried to unmake reality and do it again, right.
