7.62
Page 4
Maviola waved as the horse trotted towards the gates. The Senior Guardsman just stared at her. Maviola saw—his eyes were red and a bit puffy.
“What?”
“We’ve just returned.”
“You’re—Maviola. Maviola El.”
The Drake said it slowly. Maviola hesitated. But the secret was out. She was prepared for…
But the Drake barely looked twice at her. He just shook his head.
“You don’t know.”
The other [Guards] looked at Maviola. They knew her. They knew Olesm’s…but nothing of the past amusement, confusion, annoyance—anything was there. Maviola felt something settle into her stomach.
“Is Olesm alright? Was the city attacked?”
“Attacked? Attacked? Yes!”
Someone raised their voice. The Senior Guardsman turned to the Gnoll. He looked back at Maviola.
“It—yes. But Strategist Olesm is f—alive. He’s not here, though.”
“You mean, he’s at the [Healer]’s? The inn?”
Maviola twisted in the saddle, already turning her horse. Someone laughed; a pained, incredulous noise. And the sound made Saliss slide out of the saddle. He wobbled as his feet touched the ground.
“Where. Is. Olesm?”
Maviola addressed the Senior Guardsman. She recognized it at last. Shock. He just looked up at her and shook his head.
“He’s gone to war. They all have.”
The [Lady] looked at him. Then she kicked her horse into a trot. Saliss just turned. He looked up at the inn, and began to walk that way.
Maviola went for Zevara. She found the Watch Captain not in her office, busily tending to her city, but in the main part of the Watch House. She was drinking.
The City Watch was practically gone; the walls were prepared for battle, but the Watch House and streets empty. It was practically a ghost of a city.
“Watch Captain Zevara!”
The Drake determinedly poured another bit of liquid out of a bottle into a cup. She raised it to her lips and then poured with her other hand into the second cup.
The Minotaur took a drink. Maviola El stopped in her tracks. Calruz of Hammerad sat there as two rats lapped at the drops on the table.
The world was so—strange. Was this the Minotaur prisoner? What was going on?
“Watch Captain?”
“Oh. It’s you.”
Zevara wobbled around in her chair. Maviola stared at her. She saw four more [Guards]. All just drinking on duty. One was at the desk. Sober—a Gnoll [Guardswoman]. She seemed to be the only one actually working.
“What is happening?”
Maviola felt it on her skin. Just like the day…no. It was a familiar feeling. She had felt this before. On those days. Two days ago.
The Potion of Time’s Return and the Potion of Youth burned in her veins in equal measure. But Maviola El suddenly felt older.
Time.
She was marshaling the House of El’s forces, trying to figure out where they would fight. The Goblins were everywhere. Goblin Lords, destroying entire cities. And the Goblin King—
A Goblin King in their lifetimes. Dead gods. And the Antinium in the south were practically a footnote. The Necromancer of Terandria was attacking! Undead were rising across the region—
“Lady El.”
Zedalien. The half-Elf sagged against the doorframe, panting. Maviola El turned and felt it in her veins.
“Zedalien? Is there news of Fulviolo and Petria—?”
She knew, before the words fell from his numb lips. It was in every line of his body. The bells began to ring, as Maviola El collapsed. Her brother.
They rang for the death of the leader of the House of El. 
She saw the same terrible truth here. Maviola El stopped. She looked at the Minotaur, who would never have been allowed out of his cell in a sane era.
Who would have been attacked if the citizens had the energy to pursue vengeance.
