7.62
Page 23
Maviola El rode as fast as she could after the army of Liscor. Her mount quaffed another potion thirstily, and the water. But she pushed the stallion as hard as she could.
She came across signs of battle. Blood on the ground, broken earth. She looked ahead. Faster. Faster, she had to be faster!
 
—-
 
The true nature of war among Drake cities unveiled itself to Olesm piece by piece. And he realized—the surrenders were another weapon.
Hectval’s forces met Liscor’s. The armies were spread about the hills, fighting in clumps. Olesm was trying to draw them back together.
But Menolit was right. This was no cohesive army. It was bits and pieces, driven forwards solely by rage. Groups ignored his orders, charging the enemy. Taking poor engagements, fighting without formation.
Even so—they won. Olesm counted eight pitched battles, six of which had gone Liscor’s way. The Drake [Soldiers] weren’t the highest-level. Nor were they a match for Gold-ranks. The sheer fury of Liscor’s citizenry.
Embria’s 4th had split up to apply their Skills to the other parts of the scattered army, fighting over a few miles of ground as they advanced, leaving the road and heading towards Hectval. The south of Izril proper lay down the road. But Hectval was in the hills, along the High Passes.
Another battle, won. Olesm was in charge of this one. [Instantaneous Barrage]. His Level 30 Skill had doubled the volley of arrows, striking the Hectval troops and forcing their surrender as Jeiss, one of Liscor’s best [Swordsmen], led the vanguard and routed the Drakes.
Yet the victory and rush of satisfaction was short lived. Half the Drakes were dead. But from the other half, Olesm heard the familiar refrain again.
“Yield! We yield! Surrender!”
He bared his teeth. They surrendered. And expected to be treated like prisoners of war, wounds treated. They demanded it.
“Tell Keldrass’ group to get back here!”
He snapped at Bevussa. She took wing, cursing. Olesm looked at the latest group of Drakes.
“You won’t win this war! Enjoy it while it lasts, Liscor!”
The [Commander] was glowering at the soldiers. Olesm strode over to him, dismounting from his horse.
“Where is Hectval’s army?”
“I don’t have to answer that.”
The [Commander] folded his arms. Olesm stared at him.
“You’ve surrendered.”
“Yes I have. I’m a prisoner of war.”
He said that like it was a shield. Olesm looked at him.
“Kill him!”
One of the Gnolls howled. They were bloody, healing wounds from the battle. Liscor’s people—Esthelm’s—the Drake just sneered at them.
“You savages. You’re not a proper Drake city. The Scalespeaker was right. Marching with Humans? I half-expected a Gnoll commander. Well—are you going to take our surrender or not?”
He stared at Olesm. He wanted Olesm to formally accept. The Drake looked at the [Commander].
The blue-scaled [Strategist]’s first punch knocked the burlier Drake back a step. The second one made him stumble. The [Commander] clutched at his bleeding snout.
“You dare hit a pr—”
Olesm hit him again. This time he felt something crunch. The Drake recoiled. He raised his claws—Olesm kicked him in the knee with a boot. The other Drake went down, swearing. He was about to jump up with murder in his eyes when Olesm began stomping on his face.
“Olesm! Stop!”
Menolit and Captain Vell dragged Olesm off the [Commander]. The Hectval Drakes were staring. They would have gone to the rescue of their [Commander]—but the other soldiers had weapons and were ready to dice them.
“Stop! He’s a prisoner of war!”
