7.62
Page 13
You could even tell Hectval was the most important. The Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem Alliance—based off the three cities who had allied against other Drake cities and Gnoll tribes—had Hectval first.
A leader among cities. Something to aspire to. Little Gnoll crime, an elite fighting force. Yes, Hectval deserved its reputation—or so claimed Hectval’s patriotic citizenry, the great military minds and ruling Council.
Which was exactly why they couldn’t let the insult to their city and Scalespeaker Yisht slide. Oh, no. Liscor was a backwater border-city with no idea of manners, dignity, or diplomacy at all. It was a savage city and as such, the raiding parties were justified. That was how Drakes did these things, you see.
If they were lucky, they’d actually assassinate one of the targets. Otherwise—they’d torch outlying farms, attack travellers. Maybe destroy that damn inn everyone was talking about. After all, they were…
None of the four ambush teams reported back. Which was cause for some alarm, but they must have just slipped up. Unfamiliar terrain—perhaps the Bloodfields had got them? Probably prisoners of war. The ransom would arrive, or maybe Liscor would be baited into a retaliatory force.
Hectval waited, having already mobilized its considerable army and alerted the other two cities of a possible conflict. They were good at the game of Drake diplomacy. Yisht had said that Liscor’s Council were naïve as Lawsheep, and clearly, they were already degenerating to let Gnolls on the Council, let alone have an Antinium Hive settle under their city! Just—pathetic, really.
The City of Hectval received nothing as eloquent as a formal declaration of war the day after their ambush teams were due to have struck and reported in. One of their [Negotiators], on standby to receive the probable notification, instead got some weird [Messages] from Liscor.
“Er—Scalespeaker. I have some communiques from Liscor. But they’re not—not quite standard.”
“Is it war, then?”
Yisht rubbed at one eye. He still felt that damn Drakes’ punch. As one of the Council—Scalespeaker being one of the posts—he had been waiting for Liscor to declare war. But they didn’t have the gonads, eh? He took the [Messages] the [Negotiator] was holding out.
“What are they saying? Did the teams get captured? Some petty insults? Hah! Well, let’s just…erm…what is this?”
“I checked it, Scalespeaker. But it’s genuine. Comes from Liscor’s Council. Mage’s Guild certifies. Um—there are pages of them…”
The rest of the Council sat up. Yisht was reading the parchment rolls, blank-faced. After a second, he laughed, a bit incredulously.
“Is this a joke?”
The first part was a transcript.
 
Liscor to Hectval. Is this Hectval’s Council?
Hectval. [Messages] to the Council may be transferred depending on the importance. Who is sending?
Liscor’s Council. Excellent. Please relay this to Hectval’s Council at best speed: we are going to burn your entire damn city down.
Hectval. Liscor, your message appears to be somewhat confused. Send again? 
Liscor. We are going to tear down your walls, pour salt down your wells, and turn your precious little city to rubble. You are all dead. You pathetic, inbred Drakes don’t know what you’ve done. Go find a noose and hop into it. We’ll feed you to the Bloodfields. Tell Yisht I will personally feed his tail to him. 
Hectval. Is this Liscor’s Council? 
You’re dead too.
Hectval to Liscor’s Mage’s Guild. Please confirm identity of sender?
Mage’s Guildmistress. Identity confirmed. You’re dead. If you have any sense, run out of your city and keep running.
