7.62
Page 15
Hectval’s Drakes looked at each other uncertainly. The rearwards forces were already scrambling for horses, those on foot abandoning gear—
The army was charging already. No order! No—they were screaming. The [Commander]’s scales prickled. What in the name of the Ancestors had the ambush teams done? He turned.
“Get them moving! Hold the line! [Steelclad—”
A form dropped like a stone. The [Commander] whirled his shield up as his [Guards] raised their bows and weapons. He saw the Garuda flicker—
Bevussa planted a sword in his open mouth and whirled into the air. The Wings of Pallass dove, screaming, at the Drakes. Gold-rank Adventurers?
The first rank of [Lineholders] felt their [Commander]’s Skills vanish. They wavered, but then firmed.
“Drakes do not run!”
The [Lieutenant] exhorted her troops. The Gnoll-conscripts had already been ordered to hold their ground. The Drakes firmed.
“For H—”
A half-Giant covered in thorns punched through the first wooden palisade, spikes tipped with iron. The Drakes looked up, and Moore’s face was the last thing most of them saw. Then the charging Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans overran them.
 
—-
 
Olesm Swifttail didn’t even have a chance to use more than one Skill before the first rank of Drakes crumpled. There were more forces in the hills, the narrow ravine adjacent to the road and the Bloodfields. Ideal ambush territory—
“4th Company, I want them dead!”
“Lightbridge! On me!”
Embria’s 4th Company raced as fast as she did on horseback up a bridge made of light to hit the enemy there. They were wavering, not sure if they should retreat or fight.
Liscor’s [Soldiers] took them to pieces. As for the main enemy—Olesm was shouting at the army to stop pushing in clumps in case they took a [Fireball]. Beyond that? It was just how fast the army could run that was holding them back from the slaughter.
[Vigor of Champions] meant they didn’t tire. Fury meant they’d marched here at a rapid pace, through the night, barely pausing to rest. It was poor strategy. There was no planning—it was an army mostly made up of the militia—there was Embria’s 4th, and two thousand of the Watch, and adventurers, but most were civilians.
Olesm didn’t care. Erin was dead.
Hectval would burn.
They left half the regiment dead in the first clash. Then—Olesm was bellowing.
“Captain Menolit, hold your group back! [Rapid Retreat]! Keldrass, back!”
He was ordering the army to retreat, heal up, and advance in something like a formation rather than let them keep pursuing. Olesm put the [Riders] under his command forwards. He addressed the temporary leaders he’d appointed.
Menolit, Keldrass, Bevussa, Jeiss—Embria was functionally the second-in-command despite being a [Wing Commander]. The rest were Senior Guards, Adventurers, and [Veterans] like Menolit, despite the Drake never having actually been an officer.
Olesm didn’t care. He was barely holding himself back from plunging after the Drakes and hacking them apart.
Kill them all. Feed them to the Shield Spiders! No, cut their limbs off and let them bleed out. Even that’s too good for them.
Erin was dead. Erin was DEAD. Erinwasdead. ErinwasdeadErinwasdeadErinwasdead—
It still didn’t feel real. Liscor’s army was made up of people like that. People who hadn’t come to grips with it. Who were shocked—
But also furious. Who wanted blood. Who demanded it. Hectval had done this?
Olesm would kill the Scalespeaker himself.
