7.62
Page 2
A little Goblin sat at a table in the inn. She thought hard, and moved a chess piece. Then peeked suspiciously at the Human’s face. The [Innkeeper] smiled, and moved the bishop. The Goblin grumbled, moved another piece, and slurped greedily at the soup.
She took another bite. And kept playing.
 
—-
 
A hundred and one perspectives. As she walked up the hill, the [Princess] had seen too many. Her legs were leaden. She—was not working.
The inn was closed. But she was still moving. Because, despite how much she wanted to lie down and move no more, like Bird, or kneel on the hill with flowers like the two Goblin brothers—
Her daughter needed her. The [Princess] bent down and picked up the small bundle of fur. She hadn’t eaten in nearly a day, now.
“Come on, sweetie.”
Weak fighting. But no more than that. Lyonette gulped. But she forced herself to be ruthless. Even cruel.
“You have to eat. Just swallow it. Then you can come back. She won’t—go anywhere.”
Oh, hate me. Shake. Hit me. But live—
The [Princess] bore the little Gnoll down the hill, past the silent Antinium. More figures were summiting the hill. Two Drakes from Liscor. A man with his hat in his hands. They looked past her. Ahead—Teor was holding a kite, or something, chatting with Redit and pointing up into the sky.
The garden remained. The people passed in and out. A bee lay in the grass, too tired to fly. The Fortress Beavers were silent, hiding, huddling together in their den.
The wake continued, unending. Lyonette walked out into the silent inn.
Erin Solstice was. Dead.
But she wasn’t. Cling to that.
They were just words. But he had said them. And the others had claimed the same. Lyonette went to the little meal she had prepared. Just the last of the Ashfire Bee honey. Crackers. Bread. Fresh beef, anything that might tempt a little Gnoll.
Three chews and the Gnoll stopped. So Lyonette just made her sip honeyed milk. Water, until the tears that the dry tear ducts had ceased flowed again.
She looked up only when he said it again.
“Erin isn’t dead.”
Kevin was grabbing Montressa’s arm hard enough to hurt. Trying to say it, again. She was just shaking her head.
“It wasn’t a—a stasis spell we cast, Kevin. If I knew one—it’s Tier 5, the one I’ve heard of. But it wouldn’t stop—if I knew the Tier 6 version—”
“It doesn’t matter, Montressa. It’s—cryosleep. It’s something from my world.”
My world. He said it for everyone to hear. Caution had gone out of the window. Lyonette just listened, hungrily.
“She is alive. I think. She has to be. She’s just—stopped. Right before she dies. Her brain’s frozen. Her body—she—just needs to be woken up.”
“How, by warming her?”
The [Aegiscaster] was incredulous. Lyonette half-shook her head, rocking the little Gnoll slowly, and hoping the sleeping draught would put Mrsha to sleep for a while. But she would have nightmares. And then wake into the worst one yet.
“No! I don’t know! I just know it was something from my world. It was all I could think of.”
“You’re the only one who thought of that.”
Palt murmured. He hadn’t risen. He couldn’t. His hooves were cracked, and probably the bones in his hindquarters. He’d kicked the wall until they’d pulled him away. He looked at Kevin.
“How? How does it work, then?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then how is she not dead?”
Montressa shouted. She flinched as Lyonette looked at her.
“I’m sorry. I’m—”
Kevin’s head was bowed. But when he raised his head, Lyonette saw—
