7.62
Page 3
Just a bit of determination. A tiny bit of resolve, even now. Even here. She remembered the silly young man—older than her, in fact—and remembering wanting to toss him into the outhouse and lock him in.
How they changed. Now—she looked at him hungrily. And he just pointed at Montressa.
“Call her. There’s only one person who can help Erin now. With actual science. We need…Geneva. The [Doctor].”
Montressa looked around the inn. The door still hung ajar. From where the Minotaur had forced his way into the inn. And that was another moment Lyonette would not forget.
Slowly, Montressa nodded. She raised a finger to her brow. She spoke. And as the sun rose, the day after continued into another day of disbelief and grief—
Maviola El returned.
 
—-
 
The [Bannerlady of Memory’s Flame] rode back to Liscor on a stolen horse as the sun rose. She was smiling, her black hair, streaked with orange, blowing in the wind.
She was not the woman who had left. She had touched…greatness. With just the tips of her fingers.
She had ridden across Izril and rallied the Five Families. She had seen a girl achieve a fraction of her potential.
She had fought side-by-side with a Drake.
And Maviola had lost her great friend, Gresaria Wellfar. She had wept, upon hearing that news. Wept—with grief.
And pride. Pride, in the great [Harbormistress] of First Landing, who had rallied the [Captains] of the sea to fight for her honor when the courage of the Flowers of Izril failed. The Guild of Assassins was still not enough to lay on her tomb.
But it would be done. Maviola would have preferred her friend to live—but she would say only this: Gresaria Wellfar had died well.
“May we all be half as brave in our final moments.”
That was all she said as she rode across the road towards Liscor. The walls, somehow familiar despite her staying barely a month—looked so inviting. She had been riding far. It was far harder to return without [Haste] and the adrenaline of flight and battle in your veins.
Well, she would have arrived yesterday. But there had been complications. A voice muttered a reply.
“Can’t I be braver?”
“I will stab you, Saliss.”
Maviola warned the Drake. She glanced over her shoulder.
…A naked Drake was flopped over the back half of the horse, just dangling as it carried both across the Floodplains. Maviola had found Saliss floating down the river on a hunch. He had apparently been trying to float the entire way back to Pallass. Given the real dangers to the Named Adventurer in the north, she’d persuaded him to ride.
It was amazing he hadn’t gotten sick of riding like that. It couldn’t be fun. But—Maviola thought Saliss was doing more than a comedy bit. He might be injured; he’d barely moved as she helped him into the saddle and made camp.
The transmutation potions might have done lasting damage. And the [Alchemist] was out of…almost everything.
They had paid a high price for victory. Maviola had seen higher. But she was ready to rest. For just a day or two. And then…?
The Wandering Inn rose on the hill. Maviola El smiled, but didn’t turn her horse towards it. There was a stables, now. But she intended to find someone else first before the inevitable excitement of the inn.
The gates of Liscor were manned by a double-shift of [Guards]. They raised their weapons; Maviola slowed. They’d fixed her with arrows from two hundred feet away.
“…Clear. Clear! I recognize her! Bows down!”
Someone shouted. Maviola looked around as Saliss stirred.
“Something’s happened. Monster attack?”
“Eh. No holes in the walls.”
“Excuse me. Is something amiss?”
