7.62
Page 21
Employ it in every ER room in the world! Have it tell you the instant a patient was gone. Geneva didn’t believe it herself. What if someone was dead—but they were brought back? Cases where they were in the body bag and they woke up?
Would it tell the truth then? If so? It was a terrible spell. A necessary spell. One that took the uncertainty out of those moments.
Geneva Scala had never hated anything more than that spell. Magic that took away uncertainty, and thus, hope.
As a [Doctor], she needed it. And she would test it to make sure it was true.
But it changed…she sat back down, slowly. It changed the problem. Suddenly, she was not breaking the news to someone in denial. She was thinking.
Assume that Erin Solstice was brain-dead. Functions of life ceased. Of course—she had been frozen. But quickly. You couldn’t ask for a faster freeze considering the conditions, according to the scrawled replies.
And also—assume that potions didn’t work. Skills?
“She is not alive. So any Skill meant for a living body would fail.”
Rules of a game. Some of the others were nodding. Geneva began making notes. And then stopped.
This was insane. Cryonics was something beyond the cutting edge of medicine back home. How was she supposed to deal with it?
When they warmed her up, she’d die. The water in her cells had surely expanded, which meant if you brought her back to life she died from the damage to—everything. You couldn’t just freeze and unfreeze something.
Magic. Magic had to bridge the places where science was insufficient. And yet—
“Healing potions did not work when applied to the corpse? Of course not. And we have to assume poison is still present…”
She was trying to come up with an answer. The others waited as Geneva wrote, piecing out her thoughts.
First. You’d need the antidote. For the patient—Erin. She would die either way or be unable to be healed. That was simplest, most obvious. But you’d have to…apply it in her corpse-state? If Geneva were there, she might try a surgery on the corpse if you could…preserve it while warm? But bacteria, cell damage—
Some way of applying the antidote while the corpse was preserved? Body. No—person. She was not dead.
Madness. Geneva wrote on.
You needed a way of warming the body without warming it. As well as reverse the damage the freezing had caused. Insanity.
But…let’s say you managed to do that. Warm the body without destroying it. Then you had a chance.
“Some kind of—of false-life. A ventricular assist device. If they are alive, the key is pumping the potion around the bloodstream.”
Yet a healing potion wouldn’t work. So—a superior potion. Geneva went for her notes.
“They need a Potion of Regeneration.”
Idis made a sound. Daly stirred.
“What’s the difference, Geneva?”
“Highest-grade alchemy items work on living and non-living matter, Daly. I’ve consulted with [Healers]—they shared their notes during the Yellow Rivers pandemic. Some potions ignore poison. They’d need that. If only to reverse the freezing damage. Apply that. Remove the poison. Find out how to warm her—and then restart her heart and…”
All this while keeping her body safe. They had a what, a [Field of Preservation]? Did that work on someone who was neither alive nor dead? She had to be kept frozen.
The [Doctor] didn’t know. This sounded like a fairytale. But that’s what it was. An experimental procedure neither world had ever envisioned before. And they needed one more thing.
A [Doctor]. Geneva looked at the Selphid.
“I’m ready to send.”
