7.62
Page 1
She was not the only one here. If you walked up the hill, you would pass by…strange, black-brown mounds. Slightly shiny, dulled perhaps. Large brown shells with antennae. Look closer, and you would realize—
They were Antinium. They knelt there, curled up in the grass. Unmoving. Not eating, or changing position.
Barely breathing. More had come, in the night. Workers and Soldiers, painted and not.
Mourning. The silence they generated was a physical thing. Before—
There had only been weeping and screams.
And then the horns of war. But the vengeful had gone. The shocked wandered about in a daze, unsure of what to do. Jobs were neglected or done by rote.
Not everyone. Some people marched about, doing jobs, avoiding the downers. Why was everyone sobbing? It was one Human. One Human who hadn’t learned to dodge. Who had gone rushing towards danger rather than listening to her [Dangersense]. You run at monsters? You got ate.
No sympathy. The world wasn’t ending. Go ahead and grieve, but Liscor was going to be just fine.
Nothing was wrong. People died.
And still more dealt with it other ways. Eating. Drinking—that was popular. Finding family and checking on them to make sure they were still there.
But news was still spreading. Liscor knew. All of Liscor knew. Celum—knew. But elsewhere?
 
—-
 
Krshia Silverfang looked at Tkrn as the Gnoll stopped, panting, from the dead-long sprint. He had gone into the nearest town to check for monsters or obstacles ahead. [Bandits], whatever. He had—
She fell out of her saddle. Half-tried to catch herself. Then just hit the ground and lay there. The Gnoll convoy stopped.
“What? Tkrn—that is a very poor joke, no? That—can’t be true.”
One of the Silverfang Gnolls tugged at his ear. Someone else looked at Tkrn. He looked at Krshia. She believed. The others began to shout at him.
His response, instead of words, was to throw back his head and howl. The raw note told them he wasn’t playing some terrible joke. The others stopped. Voices joined Tkrn’s.
 
—-
 
The Chieftain of the Flooded Waters tribe just sat there. At the large table where Goblins ate. Her meal-half finished.
Snapjaw had returned. Snapjaw alone, so the Goblins had feared the worst. But the news she brought?
A sound ran through Goblinhome. It sounded like a moan. It sounded like death. It was the sound Goblins had made when the army of Humans had killed them at the Floodplains.
Goblins did not weep. So it seemed—Goblins did not weep for the [Innkeeper]. Many did not weep. They just stopped. Stopped, to process it. Shook their heads. Went to find the truth.
Thus—no one wept for Erin Solstice. No Goblins, at least. Just her friends. Just Cave Goblins, who didn’t know what Goblin was, properly. Just Goblins who weren’t Goblin for a moment.
It was a waste of water and energy.
Rags sat there. She looked ahead as Snapjaw turned. She looked around as Redscar shook his head. The Ogres were confused. Human? What Human? Why did it matter?
The Chieftain said nothing. She had no order. They had not been there. She listened as she was told Numbtongue was there. Rabbiteater alive. And that Badarrow was gone, for a while. Perhaps she understood.
But she said nothing. Did nothing. She sat there. And in time, her claw moved. She sat at the table as Goblinhome moved around her. Soon—she picked up the wooden spoon and ate. Because you didn’t waste food.
