7.62
Page 22
She began writing her reply. Stopping every few seconds to jot down more notes. It was insanity. But…she looked at the name again.
Erin Solstice. But for her, the Yellow Rivers disease would still be spreading without a cure. Geneva shook her head.
 
—-
 
…hypothetical procedure would be made up of many parts. At least one ‘Relic-class’ potion or spell capable of restoring inanimate organic matter to a healthy state. Please advise me of your location and the condition of the patient.
 
The words poured in suddenly. Lyonette gasped in physical relief.
Geneva was hedging her words, every few lines writing ‘hypothetically’, or ‘in theory’. She kept stressing that you couldn’t just unfreeze someone. There was no medical basis for this.
And yet. It was like Visma’s discovery. Numbtongue’s revelation.
Hope. And with it, all the fear in the world. The [Doctor] did not have all the answers. But she had clues. Clues to a puzzle.
Suddenly, The Wandering Inn felt alive again. It was a painful life. Every step, Lyonette wanted to scream. To wake back up. To go back in time and tell Montressa to put up a barrier! To tell Bezale to cast a spell!
Throw a [Fireball] at them. Have Olesm blast them from the walls! Lyonette—why hadn’t she stopped Numbtongue? No, why hadn’t she checked for Erin?
She’d been so concerned with Mrsha, and Mrsha had been in the garden.
Guilt flooded the [Princess]. Unreasonable guilt. Overwhelming. She heard Joseph babbling to Rose and Kevin.
“Write it down! Potions! Can Saliss make a Potion of Regeneration?”
No. Lyonette knew that was beyond even the [Alchemist]. She’d heard of his Potion of Youth—and that was a far cry from the real thing, which actually reversed your age permanently. A draught that took twenty years off. If anyone had something like that, it was under lock and key in a treasury. A Terandrian kingdom might…Calanfer?
She didn’t know. Her father was cagey about their remaining treasures. As for producing something like that, either it was some secret artisan or no one had done it.
“She is not dead. She is not dead.”
A voice amid the others. Lyonette looked around. Bird was rocking back and forth on the floor.
“Bird.”
The other Antinium were standing, holding each other. Pawn, Belgrade, Garry—Bird looked around.
“She is not dead.”
“Then she must be brought back.”
Yellow Splatters said this like a fact. The others nodded. Whatever the cost. Suddenly—the Antinium saw a light in the abyss they had been plunged into.
“My Skills did not work.”
“Yet.”
It was a whisper from Belgrade. Garry looked at the others.
“Yes. If she is alive—then—what about it?”
The other Antinium stirred. Garry’s antennae twitched. Lyonette saw their heads turn. And then she heard a whisper.
“The Rite of Anastases.”
“But she is not Antinium.”
“Perhaps.”
Perhaps. Could it be done? Garry ran. Bird followed. Pawn just remained, with Belgrade.
“She is alive. She is alive. She is dead. She is neither. They killed her, Belgrade. They. kILLeD hEr.”
“Pawn. Be calm. You must be calm.”
The [Priest] shook as Lyonette ran over. She threw her arms around him and he relaxed—or at least stopped shaking. But his grief and numb despair was changing.
To fury. And as Lyonette’s shock faded—she felt a cold pit in her stomach. She hugged Pawn, trying to stave it off. But the truth was that Geneva wasn’t certain. Erin was not…dead.
But how did you bring her back? Suddenly, a mountain as tall as the High Passes. And worse—Lyonette realized something else.
The others didn’t even know.
 
—-
 
