8.00
Page 39
He nodded. He industriously used the rag to wipe some more off another bit of the counter. As if to say ‘there is a mess. I clean messes.’
Then he shrugged. Pelessi almost laughed.
“That’s all? You saw a mess and cleaned it? Half the shops on this street would love you to do that. We can never keep it clean—this is Clawgrass Way.”
She said that as if it mattered. Silveran assumed it was the street name. The Drake explained, seeing another blank look.
“We sell food. Vegetables, the butcher’s down that way—and whatever people pick. [Alchemists] come here for cheap herbs. Do you know how much dirt that brings in?”
Lots? Silveran just ate the bisque. The Drake looked past him.
“It was hard enough keeping the store clean with four pairs of hands. Now? What am I supposed to do now? They said we’re at war with Hectval. I hope the city burns. But what am I supposed to…?”
She looked lost. The dried produce, the shop in disarray…Silveran put down the spoon. She noticed.
“Keep eating. At least the store’ll be clean for a few days, thanks to you. I heard…the Antinium fought Hectval. Stopped them from killing everyone. Good.”
That was all she said. Then, as Silveran put the spoon in the bowl, she whispered.
“Thank you.”
He had done nothing to earn her thanks, or so he felt. Silveran stood as she took the bowl. The [Shopkeeper] looked at him, then turned away. She put the bowl in the kitchen—where she had made altogether too much Rock Crab bisque, forgetting…there was only one person to eat it.
The Antinium was gone when she opened the door. She was glad of it, somehow. She—
—Nearly tripped over him as he levered up a tiny pebble in the floorboards. The Drake stared at him.
“What are you doing?”
Cleaning. The Antinium’s antennae waved. He was never one to leave a job half-done. She protested, but then stopped. The assistants—and [Shopkeepers]—began to gather. They stared. What horrifying dedication to the art of the broom! And when he started waxing the floors?
The Drake objected. Then she just watched. Because at some point, she realized the cleaning was as much for him as the bisque had been for her.
 
—-
 
The Horns of Hammerad walked out of the city of Tenbault. Ceria paused to raise a finger to salute the glorious city and the Healer. Ksmvr raised four.
“No, Ksmvr. It’s the middle finger. The middle one. You can’t just raise four.”
The Antinium lowered the four fingers on his upper right hand.
“Ah, thank you, Captain Ceria.”
“So what now?”
Yvlon felt tired. They had gone all this way, waited, tried their best. And for what? Another dead end. They were no closer to helping Erin.
It was Pisces whom they turned to. The [Necromancer] had been quiet. At last, he spoke.
“I have an idea. I did not want to mention it so long as Tenbault was the likelier solution. But—you are no doubt aware that I procured the information about the Healer from somewhere.”
Ceria and Yvlon slowly nodded. Ksmvr shook his head.
Pisces turned to them. He looked as uncertain as they had ever seen him.
“I have contacts. I would tell you more but…I cannot.”
It didn’t matter to Yvlon what he was hiding now.
“Just tell us, Pisces. What’s your idea?”
She hung her head, her golden hair drifting across her silver arms. She stared at them, wishing she could use them to any purpose.
Erin Solstice was dead. What seemed like it had been a beacon of hope in the days after the dungeon—a permanent lighthouse—had ended.
What was there now to look for? How did you bring her back, short of a miracle?
Pisces spoke.
