8.00
Page 26
Zevara looked away.
“They would be more reliable than—”
“What’s the highest-leveled [Guard] you could send? Beilmark? Jeiss? They’re both married. Is it higher than theirs?”
They both knew the answer to that. So, Zevara’s last-ditch effort to talk Lyonette out of it failed. She had known it would.
“You have someone in mind?”
“I’m going to ask the [Druids]. Oteslia has [Healers], [Gardeners]—I’m going with Saliss of Lights, remember.”
“That doesn’t make me feel better. He has a criminal record as long as those two. Longer.”
“If you take away the nudism, how much has he actually done?”
“…Fair point. But there’s still destruction of property, disorderly conduct, tripping a [General]…wait.”
Lyonette smiled slightly as the Watch Captain frowned over the list.
“I’m going, Zevara. I know it’s risky. But I have to. You understand? For Erin.”
Zevara looked up. There the name was again, on her lips. The [Princess] was not okay. But she said the name. And she looked…determined.
“Watch over the inn for me. I’m leaving Mrsha, Numbtongue—everyone. I can’t take them. I wish I could, but—it’ll just be us four.”
Zevara half-nodded. Miserably, she put the papers down. There were a lot of things she wanted to say.
I’m sorry, for one. It was Hectval who had attacked Liscor. If she had more patrols. If she had—
But too many people had done the apologizing. And at least, Zevara knew that Lyonette did not want to hear it. It changed nothing.
The [Princess] stood. Lyonette du Marquin of Calanfer. 6th Princess to the throne. Zevara regarded the note Chaldion had sent her.
She said nothing. Lyonette breathed out, looking out the window.
“When I was a girl, I wanted to be an adventurer. Or go on one. I had a grand dream that out there was everything I wanted. Everything I dreamed of. I suppose that’s childish to you.”
“Everyone dreams of that.”
The Watch Captain had done the very same. In her own way. Lyonette smiled and the Watch Captain gave her a rueful grin.
“Mine was curing my breathing problems and becoming the Oldblood Drake everyone looked up to. I also wanted wings.”
Lyonette laughed. Then she grew somber.
“That’s true. Everyone wants that. But for me? That was last year.”
She looked out the window. Her hair was fiery red, the hallmark of royal blood a continent away. Her skin was fairly pale. But she had not the delicate hands of the aristocracy, but calluses from someone who had worked. She kept care of her nails, but she also cooked and cleaned.
She looked so much older than the [Thief] who had been hauled in front of Zevara, calling everyone ‘peon’. Lyonette shook her head and gazed at Zevara.
“Today? I would have been happy to grow old without adventure. I feel old now. Somehow, I became a mother. I know I didn’t give birth to her, but I would never be anything else. I made great friends. I did something important, more important than my old life.”
So said the girl who was eighteen years old. Zevara shook her head. Lyonette’s eyes shone.
“And then—Erin was hurt. And it turned out everything I thought was so secure was so fragile.”
Yes. They all thought the Crazy Human of Liscor was…invincible. What a mistake. Lyonette wiped at her eyes.
“Now, it’s all fading away. So I have to fight to get it back. Thank you for keeping my possessions. But I have to go.”
She held out a hand. Zevara rose to take it. She looked the [Princess] in her eyes. Blue. Zevara supposed it was royal blue, appropriately.
“You could have paid for them any time you wanted, couldn’t you?”
