8.00
Page 22
Even now, that memory provoked a fury like no other. Even in death, he could not forgive. But…the young man pressed on. That too, he had forgotten.
“Archmage. I would surely accept any debt, repay it in any fashion you desired if you could…heal her.”
Longing in his tone. And now—well, undead did not sweat. But the Necromancer did experience an unpleasant feeling of tension. He gestured for the undead fox to drag another creature over. A bear, frozen by Ijvani’s spells. Maybe a larger specimen would reveal the issue. The fox did so, with incredible strength for its size.
Now, what was a suitable response? Something truly Zelkyrian…
“Young Pisces. I am the Necromancer of Terandria. I do not have time to waste on the living. I grant you this time purely out of interest. Had you the means to compel my aid, I would have offered it. Does your own intelligence not guide you to these facts?”
Silently, he waited. After a moment, he thought-heard a faint reply, colored by disappointment.
“Of course, Great Master of the Dead.”
A [Necromancer]’s salute. Az’kerash sighed. He stood there, preparing the frozen bear for revival. Well, he saw Zelkyr’s point, nigh a hundred and fifty years too late.
“Then, I leave you to—”
“I will provide a suitable gift, mighty Az’kerash. Until then, please bear my request in your mind.”
…What? But the connection broke before Az’kerash could inquire into what that meant. He blinked, and again—realized he had forgotten. When you were so desperate, you would do anything.
Lies. How much trouble they caused. He really should have taken his own advice.
 
—-
 
Failure and failure again, though. Pisces returned from his walk looking pale and silent. No one asked where he’d been.
“There’s no way we get in. People have tried; the Healer isn’t likely to respond to a request made at dagger-point anyways. So unless we want to take on twenty Gold-rank plus adventurers and Crowdcaller Merdon—we get lucky or we get more money than we have. A lot more. The kind that makes the Healer of Tenbault travel all the way to Liscor.”
Ceria was already into the hangover section of her days-long drinking binge without more fuel. But one thing was clear: there was no hope here.
“If she can even help. She’s not a [Healer]. She casts [Restoration]. A spell.”
Pisces spoke as Ceria tossed belongings into her bag of holding. Yvlon looked up sharply.
“How do you know that?”
“I looked into it.”
The [Necromancer] returned the gaze. Yvlon frowned mightily, but he flicked his gaze to the door and windows. So she closed her mouth.
He had earned trust. The Horns looked at each other as Ksmvr bounced on the bed. Funny that the [Innkeeper] didn’t even bat an eye at an Antinium so long as they could pay. But then—half the people had thought Ksmvr was some kind of Balerosian Gazer or something. They really didn’t know what Antinium looked like and didn’t believe he could be anything but a horrific  monster tearing apart everything in sight.
Ceria had possessed the same view of Antinium before coming to Liscor. And if she had met one on the street and known it for Antinium? She remembered her first reaction to Pawn and the others.
But someone had looked past the insect features and asked a Worker their name. And she was…
Ceria closed her eyes. Drinking was preferable to being sober. But neither helped.
“What do we do, then?”
“Pay the [Innkeeper] for another week. Or look elsewhere.”
