8.00
Page 37
“An Antinium? What the—”
She was as astonished as he. Silveran looked around the shop and suddenly—realized he had gone too far.
What was he doing? This wasn’t his shop! He was cleaning on unauthorized grounds! He was in so much trouble. He got up to flee—then nearly ran over the gawking shop apprentices. They turned to run, and Silveran saw the Drake [Shopkeeper] interpose herself between the exit and him.
He froze, quaking. But the Drake had lowered the meat cleaver. She was looking around the shop, in awe.
Perhaps she had never actually seen the color of her floorboards. They were, in fact, beechwood, a light, blonde color. They had been dark brown just this morning.
The entire shop looked ten times brighter. The floorboards? Well, Silveran hadn’t applied wax, but you felt like you wanted to step on them, and then apologize for making them dirty!
“Dead gods.”
The Drake breathed. Silveran trembled. She was clearly in the paroxysms of rage. He raised a trembling hand as she looked at him. The Drake blinked.
Hello, my name is Silveran.
He had a card. Mrsha had helped make him one. The Worker held it out, like a shield. He didn’t have another. The Drake blinked.
“Silveran? Wait. I know you. You’re one of them…Painting Antinium. From the inn.”
Her eyes were bloodshot and red. She looked—well, not well. About as well as the average person in The Wandering Inn. She blinked at the meat cleaver in her hand, then put it on the counter.
“What did you do to my shop?”
I cleaned it. I am sorry. Do not kill me. I will pay for the damages.
Silveran signed. He saw the Drake stare, nonplussed at his hands and realized—she didn’t know Mrsha’s sign-language. He opened his mandibles—and she shook her head.
“You cleaned my floors. They’re so—bright.”
She raised a claw, almost to shield her eyes from the glare of the bright floorboards. She stepped back, wonderingly, and Silveran saw his chance.
He ran past her, out into the street. He heard the Drake call out after him.
“Stop!”
Silveran hesitated. There was a Watch patrol coming down the street! They looked up for the criminal at the shout. They saw only Silveran, so were perplexed. But he froze. He put his hands in the air—
The jig was up. Nowhere to run. He slowly walked back into the shop, to face his fate. The [Shopkeeper] just stared at him.
“You cleaned my shop?”
Silveran nodded miserably. This was a fine fate. What would happen? Would he be executed? What would Pawn say? How much trouble would the Hive be in? The Drake blinked a few times at him—then looked around.
“Well, you can’t just run off after all that. Come with me.”
Crime and punishment. Silveran believed in the justice system. He hung his head and walked into the shop. He stood before the counter as the Drake disappeared into the back room.
“Everything alright here?”
One of the [Guardswomen] asked the shop assistants as they watched the Worker. They peered around, but they still didn’t see a [Thief] or anything. The ten year-old pointed.
“Yeah. That Drake—Miss Pelessi—just shouted at the Worker.”
“The Worker? Did it do something?”
The Guards stared blankly at the Antinium. Then they grew worried. Was this the Aberration-event? They’d heard about that kind of encounter. They steeled themselves—but the Drake just shook her head.
“He cleaned her shop. Look at it.”
They all blinked. Silveran saw the Drake—Pelessi—reappear with his punishment. It was…
Rock Crab bisque. She placed the soup in front of him, with a spoon attached.
“Here. Have that.”
