8.00
Page 41
“I know. I am hoping there is more there than just the Helm of Fire. Yet I am still suggesting it. Ceria, Yvlon, Ksmvr. If it came down to it, I would trade the Helm of Fire for a cure for Erin. And I do believe it is the only solution. No matter what Selys thinks.”
Pisces looked at them. And there was resolve in his eyes. Yvlon exhaled.
“Are you mad?”
He half-flinched. But the [Armsmistress] was straightening.
“Selys would pawn the Heartflame Breastplate itself if she thought it would bring Erin back. Well—I think she would.”
Pisces smiled at that. But he raised a finger.
“The Village of the Dead is…an unknown threat. If the Putrid One really died there—it is certainly a Named-rank threat. We are not of that level yet.”
“But we are going. That is what you are going to say, aren’t you, Pisces? Ceria? Yvlon?”
Ksmvr looked around. The Horns jumped. Ceria spluttered.
“I didn’t say that, Ksmvr! It’s dangerous—”
“But you will go.”
“We could die—”
“But you will go.”
“You sound sure, Ksmvr.”
The Antinium [Skirmisher] looked at Yvlon. And for the first time, he smiled.
“Yes. Because I know my team. I do not mean to interrupt the decision-making process. But I find it inconceivable we would not.”
Pisces blinked. Yvlon opened her mouth and Ceria scratched at her head. The [Warrior] had been going to say it was dangerous, and that they were taking a huge risk and that they needn’t all go.
…Then she was going to say she’d go with Ylawes’ team alone if no one else wanted to. And to look at the supercilious expressions on Ceria and Pisces’ faces, they had been about to do the same.
“I am simply expediting our decision-making process. Please correct me if I am wrong.”
Ksmvr’s shoulders hunched. But then he was embraced by a laughing Ceria.
“You’re right, you silly Antinium. I was going to say—”
She looked around and took a breath. So did Yvlon.
The Village of the Dead. The Dungeon of Liscor had been one thing, Albez another. It had been a while since they had taken on a threat like this before.
Was it mad? Yes. Was it foolhardy? Even to suggest it.
But was it a plan where they had been drifting hopelessly? Absolutely. And if risking their lives meant a chance—
It was she who put her hand out. Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr stared at the metal hand as the silver-steel skin flexed and opened.
“Erin is gone.”
Yvlon saw the others flinch. She went on.
“But she’s not lost. And if there’s even a chance—no village full of undead scares me. Not with a [Necromancer] on our side. That already gives us better chances than most.”
She looked at Pisces. He smiled. Actually smiled, and brushed hair out of his face.
“Agreed. And obviously, for the…treasure and levels we might accrue, and knowledge, I would never sit this one out.”
“Of course not.”
She elbowed him gently. He blushed, but put his hand on hers. It was warm.
“I will go. This is a team effort and I owe Erin Solstice…almost everything. My team, the rest.”
Ksmvr put his hand there, without hesitation. Ceria was last. She exhaled.
“This is stupid. Even I know it’s stupid. It’s so stupid that Calruz himself would have said ‘let’s think about this’. You all know that, right?”
“Yes.”
Yvlon looked at her. Ksmvr nodded. Pisces scowled.
“My hand is getting tired, Ceria. Are you in or not?”
The half-Elf glowered. But only for a moment. As Ksmvr had said, there was never any decision to be made. She reached out with her good hand.
“One more adventure. A real one. The most important one. Whether it takes us to the Heartflame Armor or—however far.”
