8.00
Page 7
The Worker shuddered. He dropped the piece of parchment and hurriedly bent to pick it up. His fault. He was surprised Pawn and Yellow Splatters hadn’t told him to walk into the dungeon. Or thrown him into a Shield Spider nest. He’d been waiting.
Because, clearly—all of this was his fault. Erin dying and being frozen, the war with Hectval—everything was Silveran’s fault because he hadn’t been outside to defend her. He should have been, even if he didn’t know she’d been right there when the Drake raiding party attacked. But he should have been. All Silveran knew was that he should have died, not Erin.
Ergo, his fault. The logic was clear. Silveran picked up the parchment and put it away in his belt pouch.
Like Pawn, he wore clothing. Robes were the Antinium style since few things covered their bulky bodies. However, Erin had done some experimenting and her outfit for Antinium staff was an apron over their fronts, and a kind of kilt-like lower half, so they weren’t tangled in robes. Silveran had a belt with pouches, a standard, for most people on top of that.
He was just closing the pouch when he heard another bell tolling. The Worker started. He looked around and saw—
A procession. Drakes, heads bowed, carrying—Silveran was hurrying to the side of the street at once.
Carrying a casket. This was a funeral procession. The bell rang again, and Silveran saw it was hanging from the casket being borne by the Drakes. A crowd was following and the Worker pressed himself against a wall.
He knew at once it was someone going to be cremated. Or perhaps the casket bore their ashes for interment in one of the cemeteries.
There had been many of these. Three days of it. Funerals for the dead in the war with Hectval. Silveran remembered that, too.
A soldier bursting through the door to the inn, shouting for the Black Tide at Olesm’s orders. People going to fight—the huge Minotaur with one arm charging through with a roar. Silveran, about to join the thousand-some Antinium when Lyonette had told him to stay, to guard the inn and Mrsha.
So he had. He had not witnessed the battle. But he had heard…Pawn had conjured Aberrations. He had cursed the Hectval army and they had been driven to retreat despite ambushing Liscor’s army. It was a victory against the odds, especially since Liscor’s army had rushed to attack Hectval without preparation and been caught by three armies in a pass.
Still…they had taken too many casualties. The funerals were proof of that. Silveran hung his head as the weeping Drakes passed. They were silent; the pedestrians who’d all stopped to take off hats or watch the procession were not.
“Damn Hectval. And damn whoever thought it was a good idea to attack them!”
A Drake whispered furiously after the mourners had gone. Silveran heard some murmurs.
“Not the time.”
“Isn’t it? That Earl from Terandria and our [Strategist] were all charging off and look what happened. Hundreds dead! Thousands! Why is he still a [Strategist]?”
“I didn’t hear anyone saying to stop at the time.”
A Gnoll snorted.
“The Watch Captain did. But who listened to her? Anyways, unless you have a good [Strategist] in your pocket…”
The first Drake growled, adjusting his coat as his tail lashed the ground. Silveran crept past the group; they paid no attention to the Worker. Liscorian citizens seldom did.
“It’s not right. And where is the army? We’ve needed them more this year than any other and they’re off south, fighting for coin.”
“No arguments there. In fairness—this year’s been like no other.”
“Thanks to that Human. Oh. Well…perhaps it will be quieter.”
