8.00
Page 15
They glared at each other and then, abruptly, relaxed. Both their nerves were frayed to breaking. Yvlon saw Pisces hang his head.
“I should have chosen my moment more carefully.”
“At least you weren’t killed. Come on. Let’s find Ceria.”
Yvlon mumbled. They walked away. They were the Horns of Hammerad, two of them, and they had journeyed as fast as possible to reach Tenbault, southwest of Veltras lands and just out of the shadow of the High Passes, seeking the Healer’s aid.
They were realizing it was unlikely they would get it. It had been four days since they arrived. Each like the last.
 
—-
 
The inns in Tenbault weren’t great. They weren’t even amazing. They were definitely overcrowded and certainly overpriced.
For reference, Yvlon calculated that it would be three times cheaper to stay at the Tailless Thief for a night, and that was the most expensive inn in all of Liscor. And this wasn’t even the best inn in Tenbault. Far from it.
They found Ceria in her room, which was better than the common room of the inn. But one look at Ksmvr’s guilty ball of shame and Ceria’s condition as she tried to hide something behind her back and Yvlon knew.
“You’re drinking again.”
“Am not.”
“I tried to stop her, Yvlon. But I have failed.”
Ksmvr spoke from the floor. Ceria looked guilty as she took another sip from the amphora of something. Pisces wrinkled his nose.
“We have to sleep in here.”
“Sorry. I’ll cast a spell.”
Ceria waved her hand and nearly went over backwards on the bed. The amphora spilled; Yvlon and Pisces both cursed as she sat up.
“Damn. Sorry…”
Yvlon sat down and put her head in her hands. She resisted the urge to hit Ceria. One did not do that to a team captain. And if Yvlon’s instinct was to hit something…again…Ceria’s was to drink. Instead, she did the equivalent with words.
“While you were getting drunk, Pisces nearly got himself killed trying to sneak through the gates. A hair slower and I would have brought back his head and body independent of each other. And he’s not a good enough [Necromancer] to deal with that yet.”
Ceria lowered the amphora at once. Ksmvr stirred.
“Pisces! I told you—”
“We’re never going to win that lottery. I thought it was worth a shot. They were distracted—but their spells were too good. I don’t think they even noticed I was [Invisible].”
The [Necromancer] sat on the bed, eying the stain. Yvlon grimaced.
“And now Merdon himself knows our faces.”
“Crowdcaller Merdon? You got to speak with him?”
“Right before he sound-blasted an entire crowd off their feet. They do not play games at the gates. I saw the team kill a poor [Guard] who was trying to get through.”
“Tree rot.”
Ceria raised the amphora again, but Pisces had conjured it towards him. She wobbled, scowled, and put a hand to her head. Her skeletal fingers were coated in frost; even the spilled drink was beginning to freeze. Cold swirled around her, although you had to be within a foot or two to feel it.
“Maybe we can find another way. Did you say you were—”
“Magnolia Reinhart’s niece? Yes. It won’t work. I’ve heard members of the Five Families get turned away without a pass, Ceria.”
“But Magnolia Reinhart can. I mean—she gets in, right? Can you call her up?”
“No. She’s at sea, anyways, and I’m not that close. I tried—but I don’t even know who to ask to [Message]. I just left a note.”
Yvlon hung her head. Pisces nearly spat out the wine.
“This is disgusting.”
“It’s for me. Give it back.”
“You have imbibed a large amount of wine already, Captain Ceria. Perhaps—”
“I’m fine, Ksmvr.”
