8.00
Page 18
“I am taking their opinion for the retelling, Captain Ceria. Comrade Pisces is always well-bathed. It says the Healer appeared here, and began to treat people by the thousands. Such is her legend.”
He brandished the slightly-dirty mat at Yvlon. She leaned away, smiling bitterly.
“Not quite, Ksmvr. Pisces is right. That’s how she might tell it—or this inn. But Aunt Magnolia says it was after the first Antinium War. And it wasn’t so much thousands at first. She saw there weren’t enough [Healers]—or rather, those who could take on serious injuries without potions. So she helped…create the Healer. Rumors spread and it grew out of control, but the Healer was first and foremost someone who was meant to replace potions.”
“Tell us.”
It was Pisces who leaned forwards, eyes glittering. He did love secrets. But the other Horns were just as intent.
“You mean she’s not a great [Healer]? Lyonette said Erin needs—Erin—”
Ceria gulped. She looked around for a drink—then steadied herself.
“An antidote. And…something to unfreeze her.”
“I don’t know. Aunt Magnolia never said exactly how the Healer works. That was why I wanted to see her.”
Yvlon confessed. She searched her memory, hunting for more clues to recollect, then shook her head.
“All I know is that the Healer of Tenbault does heal people. According to Aunt Magnolia, it can be an hour-long process—or days for diseases—but usually minutes.”
“Impossible. Is she some kind of [Alchemist]?”
Pisces’ eyes narrowed. He was becoming more skeptical by the second. But he was listening. He needed to know. This was valuable information. Especially to…he saw Yvlon shake her head.
“Not an [Alchemist]. But she’s not a [Healer], either. What I heard was that somehow, one time, Ressa—that’s my aunt’s [Maid], we saw her once, remember? With Ryoka.”
The others nodded. Yvlon gestured at her hand.
“Er—one time, she got her hand sliced off.”
“Wait. How?”
“Aunt Magnolia didn’t say. I think she hinted it was a kitchen accident, but I’ve never actually seen Ressa cook anything.”
“Maybe that’s why. She looked, uh, handed to me. Better than mine.”
Ceria waved her skeletal hand. Yvlon almost smiled as she ducked her head.
“Sorry, Ceria. Well, apparently they had the hand so they rushed both over to the [Healer] in that coach of hers. And Ressa got her hand back; not even a problem.”
“Wow. And that’s from Magnolia Reinhart herself?”
“She told it to us when she visited. I don’t think she lied—maybe she exaggerated. But we have seen people go in and come out…fine.”
It was true. The Horns had seen a man with a leg so badly mangled by a bear attack go through the inner gates and come out walking and praising the Healer’s name. They hadn’t detected any illusions or anything else. But it boggled the mind. How?
Ceria sat back.
“Then we have to meet her. Meet her and ask if—if—she’ll go to Liscor. Or we transport Erin. Maybe we can barter with her?”
“We would have to get past her security first. And I do not believe we are equipped to kill a Named-rank adventurer at this moment. Or his team. I am sorry, but my crossbows and blades are not deadly enough.”
Ksmvr hung his head. So did Yvlon. All three Horns saw Pisces raise a finger to his temple and rise.
“I’m…going to take a walk.”
He murmured. None of the others stopped him. Pisces left the inn as the Horns waited.
The lottery tickets for the day? #199, #4022, #5. Please come to the inner gate. The Healer will see you now.
 
—-
 
In The Wandering Inn lay a young woman. She was an [Innkeeper]. A friend. A young woman from another world.
