8.00
Page 38
Silveran peered at it. Was he…supposed to drown himself in the bowl? Tricky, but he’d do his best. The Drake stared at him.
“To eat. It must have taken hours.”
“That Worker was working for the last four, Miss Pelessi! He was digging dirt out of the floorboards!”
A young Drake shouted. The [Shopkeeper]’s eyes widened. Silveran hung his head. Then he raised it. Wait, eat the soup?
Death by poison was appealing. He took the spoon, took a sip. It even tasted good. The Drake watched, a bit warily. The [Guards] were admiring the floorboards.
“Beech wood? Such a lovely color. I’ve walked by here hundreds of times on my beat and I would have never thought. Some luck, eh, Pelessi?”
They jested with her, gently. The Drake replied, scowling. Half-smiling. But the red eyes and tear tracks on her scales…
Something bad had happened. Silveran ate meekly, seeing her gaze on him. And then—she clapped her claws. He nearly dropped the bowl and ran.
“A chair. Why are you standing?”
Why was he standing? She fetched one from behind the counter. It was a stool, but Silveran didn’t object to the improper taxonomy of the object. He sat on it and ate. Which was even better than standing and eating.
“You cleaned my shop. Even my husband didn’t do as good a job, when he was alive. I certainly never did.”
The Drake marveled. She was touching the floorboards. Silveran wanted to apologize for the shoddy work. It was just a compulsion.
She looked back at him once. The Watch had apparently decided that Silveran was no Aberration, so they were walking on. But the Drake…they all saluted her.
“Sorry for your loss, Miss Pelessi.”
She gave them a stiff nod. Silveran saw her turn to him. And apparently his blank stare finally registered. She gestured.
There was something on her chest. The toga-like robes, a light yellow, had something attached. He hadn’t noticed it since it was a white bloom. But Silveran knew what that meant.
“My son.”
She saw the Painted Worker stop eating. Pelessi blinked at his bowl.
“You eat as fast as my boy. Do you want more?”
Silveran didn’t know how to respond. So the Drake got him some more. Workers could always eat—but it seemed to him the act of giving him food was just as much for her as him. She spoke as she came back.
“He went out to fight them. Hectval. For her. That—that—all because he had a mug of that Minotaur’s Punch. That glory drink and he said it made everything make sense. Losing his sister. All the good times, the bad—he kept wanting me to come and try it. Because he said it made him remember why she was beautiful.”
So there had been husband, sister—daughter, rather—and son. Silveran looked around and saw not a one.
Ah. He dipped the spoon into the bisque, unsure of what to say. The [Shopkeeper]’s chin rose, as if daring him to. But Silveran said nothing. He just ate the bisque.
“I’ve seen your kind about. The new, Painting Antinium.”
Painted. But Silveran let her talk. The Drake went on.
“I voted, you know. For Lism. This is his district. I didn’t have anything against the Antinium—not much. But Goblins and…it was all too much. My son agreed, until he visited the inn. I thought he was mad. I’ve never involved myself with the Antinium, though. I never thought one would clean up my shop.”
She hesitated.
“Thank you, for that. Why did you do it?”
Silence. The Worker hesitated. Then he gestured. He’d spilled a bit of bisque in his fright earlier. He pointed—and the Drake saw the stain vanish.
Her eyes widened.
“You have a Skill?”
