8.00
Page 42
The Horns of Hammerad looked at each other. And then they laughed and nodded. It was done. To the Village of the Dead. They broke into a run, heading for their hidden chariot-wagon. Ceria ran, panting, after Yvlon, then Pisces, and Ksmvr. Death and glory, preferably one without the other!
For the [Innkeeper] of Liscor.
 
—-
 
It was just a little thing. But the shop was gleaming when he was done. The Drake thanked him. She wanted to pay him, but Silveran refused. He only took the coins when she said that she couldn’t let him go without it.
She looked so lonely there. The Antinium had cleared her displays, cleaned everything, set all the signs and polished every surface. But that was not enough. So he stopped at the entrance.
Miss Pelessi looked as the silver-antennae ant paused in the doorway.
“Did you forget something?”
She looked around, but the shop was spotless. He shook his head. The Antinium Worker gazed around the store, then at her. Then he opened his mandibles.
“I. Will come back tomorrow. To sweep. I am good at sweeping. And put things in boxes. I am decent at that.”
Her eyes went wide. The Drake started.
“You can talk?”
She stared at Silveran. He thought about this.
“Yes.”
Then he walked out of the shop, leaving the dumbfounded Drake behind. Workers could talk.
Hadn’t everyone known that?
And he would come back tomorrow. Not because he wanted coin, or because he thought the Drake could make the shop that dirty in a single day. But because he was needed here.
He thought Erin would approve of that.
 
—-
 
The inn was quiet after all. Great deeds had once been done here. Crowds of people, armies had come through these doors.
But it was empty now. Quiet.
The legend of the inn…had become a wake. And a little Gnoll sat on the floor. Waiting. Waiting…and despairing.
Her mother was gone. Erin was gone. All was lost. The others tried to take care of her, feed her. But they were all lost. Always. All the ones she—
The butt of the staff nudged her.
[Slumber]. The Hobgoblin saw the little Gnoll yawn—and then slide over and curl into a ball before she even thought about it.
Ulvama tsked. Then she tossed the blanket on the ball of fur. Stupid, silly, little children. Children were so hard to take care of. That was why she had never had any, although a lot of attempts had been made.
Anyways, she was only taking care of the little Gnoll because she was staying at this inn for a while. And if the Gnoll-child died, people might blame the Goblin. Yes, that was why.
Someone had to. The Hobgoblin stomped off, to go watch the scrying mirror for more entertainment. Then—after a few minutes, she stomped back and tugged at the blanket so it only covered the little Gnoll’s body, not her head and everything else. Children could suffocate themselves. That was how impractical they were.
She accidentally touched the Gnoll’s paw as she adjusted the sleeping body. Tears had long since dried on the fur. Ulvama, grumbling, tucked the paw into the blanket. Then shouted.
She snatched her fingers back and did a dance of pain.
Ow! What was—
Ulvama stopped. She eyed the strange, flicking thing on the end of her claws. Wait, she wasn’t being burned by…she hurriedly blew on her claw tips.
There was a wisp of smoke. The [Shaman] scrubbed her hand on her side a few times. She blinked, then stared at the little Gnoll suspiciously.
“Huh. Weird.”
She gingerly poked the little Mrsha-child with her staff a few times to make sure she was asleep. Then she eyed her hand.
