8.00
Page 16
Ceria snapped and the Antinium went silent. Instantly, Yvlon kicked Ceria. The half-Elf went over the other side of the bed with a cry.
“Sober up, would you? We’re here for Erin.”
The half-Elf’s eyes flashed, but she pulled herself upright slowly. Yvlon tried to calm herself. She shouldn’t have done that. It was just—
Look at them. Ksmvr was miserable, now guilty about Yvlon and Ceria fighting. Pisces wasn’t his usual cool, sneering-but-caring self, but taking risks that had nearly gotten him killed—and he valued his life more than anything else! Yvlon had nearly been ready to go after Ceria for lying about drinking and the half-Elf was…
Ceria hung her head. She let the dregs of the amphora sit. Then, pointed with a curse.
The entire thing froze into a block of ice. Ceria kicked it across the room. Then she grabbed her toe.
“Aaah! I just split my toenail!”
The Horns of Hammerad considered it was a perfect event to sum up their experience. They watched as Ceria sat on the bed and Ksmvr anxiously produced a potion and inspected the break. Ceria, wincing, put a drop on it.
“We rode for five days and nights in the undead chariot for this. Four more days waiting here…is there any chance we win the lottery today? Ksmvr, what’s our number?”
“#2301, Captain Ceria.”
Ksmvr produced the carefully-marked lottery ticket. They were issued each week, and the winners were drawn per day. But there were thousands, perhaps tens of thousands of people with passes and there were sometimes only ten winners per week.
“Is that lucky?”
Ceria shook her head. They’d lost three days in a row, but perhaps today? They would be listening as the numbers were shouted across the city, of course. Winners had an hour to present themselves at the gates.
“How much does a winning ticket go for, Pisces?”
“Assuming someone is willing to sell it? I’ve heard a hundred thousand gold pieces sometimes.”
“…You’re joking.”
“More or less. Ceria, there are entire groups of people who make their living trying to get a winning ticket once. Upon which time they sell it.”
An entire economy based on the Healer. Yvlon shook her head as Ceria swore faintly. The half-Elf rubbed at her toenail. Then she produced a dagger.
“I need to trim them.”
“You’re disgusting.”
Yvlon and Pisces both looked away as Ceria glowered at them. The half-Elf’s oddities from eating bugs to picking her teeth in public somehow ranked below Ksmvr in terms of social acceptability.
“Let’s face facts. I doubt we even have a 1% chance of winning the lottery. Pisces?”
“I did the math with some people downstairs. It is in fact, zero point zero, zero, zero…”
“Please stop.”
Pisces did. He didn’t look happy to deliver the news. Yvlon had often accused Pisces of being uncaring, dishonorable, and so on. But she remembered how they had learned about Erin.
Madness. They had been split on what to do. Go after Hectval and burn it to ash? Go to the inn and see? In the end—they had come here.
And much good did it do them. Ceria, wincing and cutting her toenails, muttered.
“Okay. Let’s say we…get a pass.”
“If you’re going to say we mug a winner—”
“Pisces!”
The [Necromancer] coldly met Ceria’s eyes.
“I looked into it. The Shield of Tenbault tracks winners. We’d end up fighting them.”
“Damn. I was going to suggest that.”
Ceria ignored Yvlon’s look.
“From someone who didn’t need it, Yvlon. One of those fake-supplicants, like Pisces was talking about.”
“There might be a lot of them. But there are more people in actual need than I ever want to see. It’s…”
