8.00
Page 40
“When we left Liscor, Selys asked me if I would go on a quest for her. To find a missing piece of the Heartflame Set.”
The Horns of Hammerad looked at him. Ceria walked into a bush.
“…What?”
“Did you just say the Heartflame Set, Pisces? As in, the other pieces of the armor?”
The [Necromancer]’s eyes glinted.
“I did. She is an [Heiress] and inherited the armor.”
“I didn’t know she changed her class.”
He harrumphed mildly.
“Well, she obtained a unique Skill in return. Hints as to where to complete the armor.”
“I am very confused. Do you mean to imply the breastplate was merely a piece of a greater set of armor? That would mean it is…very powerful.”
Ksmvr’s talent for understatement almost made the others smile. Pisces nodded. But he looked troubled.
“I told Selys the odds of us reaching the…destination and recovering the armor piece were remote. We would need to prepare, even ally with other teams to get it.”
“You know where?”
Yvlon was incredulous. Pisces shrugged.
“She was given the hint in the form of a riddle. ‘To find the helm of fire/Look to death’s ire;/That village without rest,/Where the Putrid One met his death.’”
The others looked at each other in shock. Ceria was trying to pull her robes out of the bush. Ksmvr opened and closed his mandibles and stroked his chin in an imitation of Pisces.
“A difficult riddle indeed. One must look to the clues. A village narrows down the options from possible billions to perhaps only tens of thousands of options. However, by my deductive reasoning—”
“It’s the Village of Death. It has to be.”
Ceria breathed. Ksmvr looked almost hurt.
“This is an obvious deduction, Captain Ceria?”
Yvlon nodded.
“It is to adventurers. The Village of the Dead. I don’t know about the Putrid One—isn’t that an old [Necromancer]?”
“The Necromancer before the Necromancer. And yes, I had the same thought. Any northern adventurer would know it; the clue was not exactly difficult for me to decipher. But…”
“The Village of the Dead. That might be a Named-rank encounter.”
The half-Elf breathed. She looked uneasy. They all knew that place. One of the truly dangerous zones you avoided. Not as large or memorable as the High Passes—but no one had ever found out what lurked in the center. And armies had tried…
“But it’s the Helm of Fire. Not a cure. Why are you bringing it up, Pisces? I’m sure you didn’t tell us because you wanted to inform us when we had a chance of getting it. Or just to be secretive.”
Pisces blushed a bit at Yvlon’s gaze. But he met her eyes.
“That was my intention, Yvlon. But things have changed. I promised Selys I would try—or bring the idea up to you. Now? I am suggesting we get it. And…trade it for a cure.”
The Horns of Hammerad stopped. Ceria’s head slowly rose and she stopped tugging on her robes.
“You mean, to the Healer of Tenbault? That might get her attention.”
“Not to her specifically. I know of someone who might…trade a cure for a relic-class artifact.”
“Your contact. Who you won’t name.”
Yvlon leaned on her sword. Ksmvr was opening and closing his mandibles. Pisces chewed on his lip.
“Yes. But I would also say this: if that was where a [Necromancer] as powerful as the Putrid One met his end, there is surely treasure beyond compare there. The kind that…would pay for the Healer. And the Helm of Fire? A Walled City might pay a fortune for it.”
Any Named Adventurer would. Any [Lord]—even royalty might. Yvlon’s heart began to beat faster. But Ceria had a thought at the same time.
“But Selys was the one who uncovered the prophecy. It’s not hers, but…”
