8.00
Page 25
Zevara waited, but the young woman said nothing more. She put on the Cloak of Balshadow next. Practically relic-class. It swirled around her like a bit of darkness, and then became a nice, grey cloak. Zevara resisted the urge to make a number of statements. But then she couldn’t help herself. She coughed into one clawed fist and Lyonette paused in fastening the amulet to her neck.
“I never asked who you were. I have had—hints. And information sources. I could have inquired, but I didn’t think it mattered. The law is the law. And…well, I never asked.”
The young woman regarded the Drake. Zevara saw her smile, faintly. But it wasn’t a true smile. She looked like she’d been stabbed and was smiling in spite of it.
Zevara felt the same way. She saw Lyonette shake her head.
“Do you want to know?”
The Watch Captain wasn’t sure. She saw the [Princess] reach for the wand and stop.
There, on the desk, was a little—the Watch Captain’s eyes widened. She reached for it at once, but it was too late.
 
Days Since Crazy Human Incident: 4
 
It was out of date. The Watch Captain hadn’t updated it since…
“That’s…”
“I’m sure she would have laughed.”
The [Princess] unfroze after a second. Zevara hesitated.
“Who? You mean…?”
“Erin, obviously. She would have laughed. And probably started selling them, or put one up in her inn.”
It was the first time Zevara had heard the [Innkeeper]’s name here since—the day. The Watch Captain saw Lyonette fumble to put the wand on her belt loop.
“She would have been upset, of course. And demanded—oh, I don’t know. ‘Days Since Dungeon Attack’, and ‘Days Since Mrsha Incident’. And that last one would never be above two, let me tell you. But Erin wouldn’t have been really offended—she knows what she does.”
There it was again. Erin. Lyonette kept saying her name. Zevara had only heard references to it. ‘The [Innkeeper]’. ‘The crazy Human’. The [Guards] spoke of it like that, if at all.
As if saying her name made it realer. But the [Princess] just adjusted the cloak and picked up the tiara again.
“I guess I should keep it off until I need it. It hardly camouflages itself, and it’s quite noticeable, isn’t it?”
“Yes. It is.”
Zevara had never really run out of words to say. She was Watch Captain and normally she didn’t have time to waste words. But she didn’t know what to say. After a moment, she sat back down at her desk and pretended to look at her reports. She glanced at Lyonette as the [Princess] sat back down, now wearing most of her old gear.
“I feel I should caution you, Mi—Lyonette.”
“How so?”
The [Princess] looked almost serene as she sat there. Far too composed compared to the rest of the city. Zevara shuffled her papers. She had to say it. She knew why, but she had to say it.
“Oteslia is far from where I’ve ever ventured. I understand it is as safe as any Walled City—but one can find themselves in great trouble, even behind the walls. I should know. There is danger there.”
“But I’m going.”
“Yes, but the risk—especially with two members of the gangs, is beyond what I’d consider acceptable.”
That was the real issue. Zevara spat the words. She’d looked into the Brothers—oh yes. And she couldn’t think of a riskier proposition. They might appear to be friendly, but they had as much blood on their hats as, well, any other gang. She met the young Human woman’s gaze. But Lyonette didn’t blink as she leaned forwards.
“Can you spare [Guards] to escort me, Zevara?”
“Yes.”
Now there was a blink. But only a second of hesitation. Lyonette dipped her head fractionally.
“And can they protect me better than two criminals? Can they help?”
