8.00
Page 30
“You have to eat something, okay? Palt and Imani promised they’ll look after you. And Selys and…but I’m going to go, alright? So Erin can come back.”
Her voice broke on that note. Ulvama listened for more pieces.
A Human was dead. And apparently, a city mourned. That was what she understood.
If she was callous, she could have sneered. She nearly did.
A single Human is dead? So what? Goblins have died by countless numbers. Enough so that we gave up counting long ago. Each one mattered to someone. 
But she did not say that. She understood. She had known death. She knew what it was like. She had mourned her mentor. Her parents. Her first love.
Even Tremborag, in her way. Though she had not loved him. But he had still been her Chieftain. He had still died as a Goblin.
And this Human had put up the signs. She had taken care of Goblins. Ulvama didn’t understand that.
So she listened, furtively, to the conversation.
“I have to go. And you’ll stay. Okay? Please? Be good, for me. Eat and—”
The little Gnoll made a sound. She didn’t speak. Ulvama saw her cling to the young mother, though. And she read every word from the frantic look, the desperate paws trying to hold the Lyonette-mother.
“I have to. You’ll be safer here. I’m sorry.”
Gently, the young woman unclasped the paws. And now Ulvama did have to retreat. Because the sound the little Mrsha-child made was piteous. Ulvama put her hands over her ears.
Not a Goblin. Doesn’t matter. After a few minutes, she looked again.
The young woman was crying as she left. She kissed and hugged the child—but leave she did. As Goblin warriors did when they left for battle. Only, Goblins did not waste water.
And then? She found the Ishkr-Gnoll.
“Please take care of her. Make sure she eats—that she bathes and—”
“I will. I will, Lyonette.”
“I have to go. I’ll—I’ll be back in two weeks. Two weeks, even if I have to return, Mrsha. Even if I’m not done. I’ll bring you with me if it’s safe? Okay?”
The little one said nothing. More tears. Ulvama waited. Then she heard her name.
“Ulvama—have you seen her?”
The [Shaman]’s heart beat anxiously. She readied herself. Oh, how she wished she had a few Goblins who could fight for her! She could fight—but she was a [Shaman]. She drew her strength from a tribe! This inn was lush in mana, but she was not an expert who could make herself invisible. Turning a bunch of regular Goblins into giant, blood-crazed berserkers? That she could do.
But Lyonette was just talking to the Ishkr-Gnoll.
“I saw her this morning. She is very…wary. What should I do with her?”
Ulvama flinched. But all she heard was Lyonette sigh.
“Just—keep an eye on her? She is a foreign Goblin, and Badarrow said she was a ‘Mountain City Goblin’. How he can tell, I don’t know, but he said Snapjaw was enemies with her tribe.”
“Should I ask the Brothers or Palt or Montressa to keep an eye on her?”
Dangerous [Mages]. Ulvama licked her lips. But Lyonette just shook her head.
“Feed her. Let her do what she wants so long as it’s not dangerous. Ishkr…they’re waiting. I have to go. Please keep the inn until I return?”
“I will. Best of luck, Lyonette.”
And then she was walking to the door full of magic. The Gnoll lingered, and more guests came to see Lyonette off.
It was a moment for them. Ulvama took that chance, while they were all in the hallway, to creep through the common room.
Door, door…where was it? She looked around—then nearly tripped over the little Gnoll.
