8.00
Page 19
She was smiling. Her lips were slightly parted. She looked…almost peaceful. Except for the crossbow bolts still sticking out of her chest. Six had struck her; five remained, two with broken shafts. Blood was frozen around the wounds.
She was frozen. She lay there, preserved, neither dead nor alive. You could use magic to check. But she would not stay that way.
She would live. Surely, someone would heal her. She had friends. She was not dead. Surely…
That was the refrain. It came from the hopeful, those in denial. But the truth was that her friends had been told. And still, she lay there.
It was not an unfamiliar feeling. In fact, of all the ones he remembered—this was the one which was most bitter.
Desperation. Denial. A willingness to part the seas and take on armies if only the ones he loved might live. But all his magic had never brought back the dead.
Now? Az’kerash, the Necromancer of Terandria, was in a unique position. For he…sympathized…with the young man. But two things stayed his hand.
The first was that pragmatically—it suited his goals better that Erin Solstice remain dead. He was Az’kerash, bane of the living! What care had he for a mortal life?
Still. He had once been alive. And it was the young man who begged him that…swayed the Necromancer. A bit.
Pisces Jealnet. A [Necromancer], self-taught largely, a Gold-rank adventurer, a former student of Wistram, and someone trained in the art of fencing. So like him and unlike him…
He was not an apprentice. Not like the Goblin Lord had been. In truth, the Necromancer had not wished to involve him so fully in his designs. But Pisces had caught his eyes for a number of reasons. His creation had provided Az’kerash with the key to leveling, that he had hunted for over a hundred years.
And he himself? The Necromancer had seen the day when the Horns of Hammerad had become Gold-rank. And it had reminded him of a man called Peril Chandler, Archmage Chandler of Terandria.
So he listened when the young man begged for aid. He listened, especially when the boy said what should not be said:
“I will do whatever it takes to heal her.”
Never let it be said that the Necromancer did not listen to those kinds of words. So he sat in his castle, pondering the dilemma. And hit upon the second problem of Erin Solstice’s death, one that must have occurred to the Wall Lord of her acquaintance, the Earl of Desonis, the Grand Strategist of Pallass, Saliss of Lights and all the others.
It. Was. Difficult.
“I was an [Archmage] of Wistram. I was called the Undying Shield of Calanfer. I have surpassed my mortal self many times over and I command death in every form.”
The Necromancer spoke as he passed a hand over the thing lying before him. He saw the ice melt…he murmured a spell.
The frozen fox failed to rise. The Necromancer stared at the corpse. He murmured a second time.
“[Regeneration].”
His forehead began to bead with sweat. This—this one-word spell was a magnitude beyond what most [Mages] could dream of casting. He could cast greater, but this spell lay diametrically opposed to his magic. Life versus death. Even so, he forced mana into the spell, into the body…
But it failed. The body had died the moment it warmed, despite the [Stasis Field] he’d set up. The sixth failure. The Necromancer shook his head.
And you could not regenerate frozen flesh. It was like a conundrum at the academy—but he’d award any of his students who solved it the highest grade. He sipped a mana potion, thinking.
“Why freeze her flesh?”
