8.00
Page 34
Ulvama smacked into the door again. She wanted to beat some sense into that stupid Hobgoblin’s head! She rubbed her nose and called out.
“You! Broken Hob! Drink water, stupid!”
He looked at her. She waved her staff angrily and switched to their language.
“I am a [Shaman]! You stupid Goblin! Drink, eat food even if stinking Humans make it! Eat, to be strong! Protect! Cannot protect if you eat nothing!”
His eyes flickered. He looked towards the hill and Ulvama pointed.
“Human only frozen! Not dead! Eat stew and live, or protect nothing! Do not fail again!”
Imani and Palt were looking at Ulvama, impressed. They had tried their own variations on that line. So had Lyonette, Selys, Drassi—even Badarrow, who could at least move.
But no one had even gotten Numbtongue to blink. Ulvama had gotten him down the hill and now—
The words registered. Numbtongue looked at Imani. Back at the hill.
“Come into the inn. Have a seat.”
“I have to go back. Protect. Bad things…”
He muttered. But suddenly—his stomach growled. And Imani knew how to pick her battles.
“Then have a drink. Where’s that stew? Palt! You kicked it over!”
“I was running for my life!”
The Centaur retorted. But he was already trotting back to get more, as Numbtongue let Imani help him back up. Food, water…Ulvama saw him gritting his teeth.
It would taste like mud, but he would live. She sighed in relief. Then she scurried away before the Centaur could take his wrath out on her. She paused in the common room. The little Gnoll hadn’t even moved. Ulvama—no. No, only Goblins.
Only Goblins. She had to live. Goblins had to live. She hurried off. Little Gnoll would be fine. Probably.
Why did she remind her of Pebblesnatch so much? It was probably the fur. It reminded her of that stupid white hat.
 
—-
 
Silveran the Worker was now jobless, and thus, the first Antinium to be laid off in the history of ever. Ksmvr did not count. He had been fired. Different, very different.
Silveran walked the streets of Liscor, lost. The bells tolled. The funerals took place, the people wept.
He could not weep. Nor was sadness the only thing in his heart.
Yes, he was sad. Yes, he was hurt beyond what he believed was possible that Erin was…but more than that, he was longing. He was desperate, an emotion of longing, desperation, want that he had no word to fully describe.
Because he wanted to return to a month ago. He wanted Erin Solstice to bound down the stairs, with some crazy idea in mind, or run about the inn screaming about something like ‘beavers in the bath!’
He wanted her to be back when he woke. He wanted those pleasant days to return. And he feared, now. Feared that those days would never return.
That was death. That was what death did. It took things away. And yes, it was the first time the Worker had contextualized the idea of death thusly.
Silveran had never feared it before. He had seen death in the first hour of his waking and known it was his fate.
Only now did he hate it. Only now did he understand why it was feared. Not for him. But for what it took away.
And in that moment, he knew why Pawn’s vision of Heaven mattered. But still, even if Silveran now longed for Heaven—what was he, Silveran, supposed to do?
He was not Lyonette, who was going to Oteslia. He was not the [Priest], or Garry the [Cook], or Bird. He did not have a grand vision for bringing Erin back. He wouldn’t even know how to begin.
So the Worker wandered. He walked the streets of Liscor, knowing there was nothing for him in the inn while it lay silent. He walked and he walked.
Until he stopped for a small reason.
