8.00
Page 31
She was sitting on the ground. The Mrsha-child looked up at Ulvama—then at the door where the [Princess] was saying her last goodbyes. She was listening too. And Ulvama saw her empty gaze.
How bitter. She stood over the Gnoll for a while. There the little one sat, like a doll. Ulvama had seen it before, after great loss. Pebblesnatch had been like that until…
She hesitated. Reached out—then hurried away.
She was not a Goblin. Not Ulvama’s business. Hers was only…
The door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] was in the kitchen this time. Ulvama pursed her lips. Why did it move? She peered into it. She knew the broken Numbtongue was in there.
“[Unlock Door].”
She murmured a low-level spell, calling upon the magic in her ink and the inn. There was so much that she could cast most spells even without a tribe nearby. She pushed at the door—
And her hand ran into solid air. She growled. Again! She heaved on it. Tried another spell.
[Frost Ray]! The staff emitted a ray of, well, frost. It hit the door—
Disappeared. Ulvama peered at the door, the open air. Strong magic. Or…a Skill? She kicked the door’s opening and hopped in silent agony.
Voices. They were coming back. The Hobgoblin froze. She looked around—
“We have to take care of the inn.”
“But no one’s coming, Palt. What do we do?”
Clip-clop went the Centaur’s hooves.  The Imani-Cook was talking to him. Ulvama shivered. She did not trust them. But…
“It’s not like the inn’s poor. Lyonette put money in the Merchant’s Guild so she can take it out in Oteslia, but I have coin—guests might come back, Imani. Worst comes to worst, I could make sure everyone gets food.”
“Thank you, Palt. But what about Mrsha? She doesn’t even move—”
“I could try a tonic. I um, don’t have ‘happiness’, though. Just calming, sleep…I can look it up.”
The two entered the kitchen. Ulvama breathed out, sidling towards the door. Imani sniffed.
“I just—it’s all wrong.”
She leaned on the Centaur’s side and he put an arm around her. Ulvama recognized familiar scents. She eyed the cigar he had. She wished she could steal one of them. Aside from that—he probably had a lot of herbs she wanted. She had been debating breaking into his rooms before she escaped.
Strange. She recognized attraction when she saw it, and even in grief, here was a couple. The Centaur was a bit distracted, though. He kept looking around. Did he sense her magic? Ulvama edged a bit further over as her camouflaged skin rippled against the kitchen’s…
“And Numbtongue hasn’t even left the hill! He hasn’t moved for days. He’s going to starve himself!”
“What?”
Imani and Palt jumped as Ulvama accidentally spoke. They whirled—and saw the chameleon-Goblin standing against the counters shed her spell.
“Aaah!”
Imani leapt back. Palt nearly crashed into a wall, but caught himself from running again. He grabbed for his wand—
“It’s—it’s the Goblin! Ulvama!”
Imani stopped him. Palt still raised his wand. Ulvama backed up.
“No hurt! Only want food, food! Nice Goblin, yes!”
She gabbled, in a mockery of proper language. That’s right. Pretend to be a scared little Goblin…well, she was too big to pull off the trick entirely.
“It’s alright! It’s—”
Imani recovered first. She held out an arm in front of Palt and spoke for both Ulvama’s and his benefit.
“You’re Ulvama, right? Did you want food? We didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Scare her? I nearly died!”
Palt exhaled hard. He fumbled for his cigar, staring at Ulvama’s [Chameleon Skin] spell.
“[Shaman] magic. I would have noticed it at once if I’d been looking.”
