8.00
Page 33
Imani fussed with the bowls. Palt came back in and found her a large one, and a spoon. Ulvama nodded. She saw them fill up the bowl with a hearty broth; how fascinating that nothing began to rot here! Another useful Skill. Tremborag would have loved to conquer this inn.
“You give to Numbtongue-Goblin.”
“He won’t eat. He barely moves.”
“He will. I will tell you magic words to make him move. Special, Goblin-words. You must tell him exactly. Um…you.”
She pointed at Palt. The Centaur blinked. Ulvama thought he’d refuse. No Centaur she’d ever met would have treated a Goblin with respect, much less taken orders.
But she was desperate. That broken Goblin should live. And he only hesitated for a moment before nodding.
“I’m willing to try anything. What do I say?”
Ulvama beckoned him over. She knew roughly what the words should be. She whispered in his ear and Imani eyed them. Palt’s mouth opened.
“Er…”
“You say. It work.”
Ulvama urged him to the door. Imani went after Palt as he trotted, bemused, into the garden.
“What did she say?”
“Magic words? I don’t know. It might work—”
Ulvama craned her neck as she saw him head up the hill. Imani followed and then turned to Ulvama curiously.
The female Hobgoblin couldn’t see up into the hill with the mists where the frozen Human lay. But she could see the Centaur ascending most of the way at a fast trot. It was so silent she heard his voice.
“Hey Numbtongue? Numbtongue, you have to eat. This is from Imani and me. And that female Hobgoblin. Ulvama? You need to eat, friend.”
Nothing. Of course not. The Centaur tried a few more times, clearly trying to cajole the broken Hob. Then he sighed.
“Okay. Listen. I was told to tell you this—”
His voice dropped to a murmur. Ulvama waited. She was almost certain—Imani took a few steps. Then she heard a shout.
“Raaargh!”
That was about right. Ulvama heard Palt shout.
“Aaah!”
There was a roar of fury, then a terrified bellow and Palt racing down the hill as Numbtongue went after him, in a blind fury. Imani shouted.
“Palt! What did you say?”
She looked back at the [Shaman]. Ulvama nodded, satisfied.
The words always worked. Palt raced past her line of view, pursued by a Goblin driven mad with rage. Numbtongue hadn’t brought his sword; he just ran, practically frothing at the mouth, trying to beat the Centaur’s brains in.
For about half a minute. Then he dropped as the rage left him, looked around, bewildered. Palt, his hindquarters to the wall, lowered his wand.
“Wh-wh—all I said was—”
Numbtongue was breathing. He looked up, and Ulvama waved at him. He stared at her, then Imani. Palt bit back the words Ulvama had taught him. It was…close to a magic spell.
“Velan, Curulac, Ierlv. You have failed them all. The Goblins Kings die! Shame! Shame upon you, Goblin! You have forgotten your oath.”
Magic words. Who needed an incantation when you could rouse any Goblin out of their funk with that? For greater effect, name more Goblin Kings.
Of course, it didn’t last. Numbtongue was panting; he was clearly dehydrated, such that he didn’t sweat. But he was ready to curl up.
“Give stew. Go! Go!”
Ulvama poked Imani into the doorway. Imani hurried over.
“Numbtongue! You have to drink something. Eat.”
“She’s dead. My fault.”
The Hobgoblin moaned. He curled up as Palt edged around him. He was shooting daggers out his eyes at the [Shaman], but she only had attention for Numbtongue.
“It’s not, Numbtongue. You have to at least have some water, please?”
“No point.”
