8.00
Page 17
Disturbing. Yvlon saw Pisces nodding, lips pressed together. Tenbault was a thriving city—on people who genuinely needed aid. There were people who had lost limbs, who were sick of some unknown disease—they were kept far away from the city, and indeed, illnesses did spread from guests, hence the Horns paying for an inn which was safer—people who had taken head injuries, children who had gone blind…
And those were people with long-term diseases. People died in the city at the gates, bleeding of wounds no potion could cure. Some who had taken poison, or anything a [Healer] and magical medicine had no answer for.
Tenbault was as much morgue as place of hope. It disgusted Yvlon. Ceria looked at the [Armsmistress].
“What I need to know is: will it even help? We don’t have Erin with us. And the rules state…”
She found the wadded up instructional and opened it. Yvlon saw Ceria go down the page and recite.
“…patients may be accompanied by no more than (2) assistants and/or guardians. Furthermore, the Healer of Tenbault will only administer her practice to those who appear before her directly. Infectious diseases, dangerous ailments of any kind, etc. are to be subject to further inquiry and may not be treated. The Healer of Tenbault does not guarantee success of any kind, no matter how a pass is acquired…”
“It’s a scam.”
Pisces folded his arms. Ceria broke off reading. The [Necromancer] looked around as Ksmvr wiped at the spilled wine.
“Excuse me? Pisces, all these people are here for her. It can’t be if they’re here.”
“This seems exactly like a scam to me. The Healer is making a fortune. Note the wording? We don’t have Erin. Our best bet is to convince her to help Erin—which I do not believe we can do. But I was also not aware of how she conducted her craft. This seems like a scam. Perhaps she has a fake class and is fooling a few people with temporary relief each month…”
Ceria bit her lip. Certainly, this wasn’t the saintly [Healer] they had been led to expect. The Healer of Tenbault was a name people talked about with the worst injuries. A distant hope.
Reality sucked. However, it was Yvlon who disagreed.
“It’s not a scam, Pisces. It may be that the Healer is less than the rumors say. But I know it’s not.”
“And how, pray?”
The [Necromancer] snapped, and then swiveled to watch Yvlon’s foot. It twitched, but the [Armsmistress] contented herself to folding her arms.
“Because my aunt, Magnolia Reinhart, made the Healer of Tenbault. I had hoped that counted for something, but apparently not.”
The other Horns looked at Yvlon. Ksmvr’s mandibles opened.
“Is this true, Yvlon?”
She nodded and gestured. He scuttled around the bed and sat next to her. He had been so…quiet on the way here. Depressed. They all were. To keep hope, Yvlon nodded.
“It’s a story she told me when she used to visit. Or was it mother…? Well, either way, I know how it started.”
“Ah, you mean, the Legend of the Healer of Tenbault.”
“Yes, the—wait, what?”
Ksmvr produced something and held it up. It was…an illustrated placemat from one of the inn’s tables. Yvlon stared at it.
“Ksmvr, I told you that is propaganda.”
Pisces snapped. Ksmvr had apparently snatched it last suppertime. He pointed at it.
“But Comrade Pisces, the Healer has endorsed this telling. During the Second Antinium Wars people fighting the Necromancer’s filthy minions, the Goblin King’s armies and Antinium who are foully hated—”
“Um, Ksmvr.”
Two representatives of the three were in the room. The foully hated Antinium looked at Ceria.
