8.01
Page 25
“Two weeks maximum. Call it a week minimum if we stick to magical munitions and no siege weapons for a proper attack force.”
“Too far in my opinion. But let’s put that on one end of the countermeasures.”
Everyone nodded. Rafaema breathed out. This wasn’t their first option. But it was on the table.
She was learning a lot.
“If we could just do that to Liscor—”
“That starts the Third Antinium War. And we’re not ready. Especially not with Saliss of Lights out of his war potential.”
“And helping the enemy. Did you see…?”
“Discussions on our Named Adventurers later, gentlemen. Ladies. I see Hunt Commander Makhir has an option.”
The Gnoll leaned on the table. Rafaema sat up.
Makhir and Lulv she liked to hear from. They were Gnolls. She wasn’t partial to Gnolls more than Drakes, but she had the opinion that if Gnolls had gotten into Manus’ highest command council, they were undeniably the best, as opposed to, well, hereditary positions of command, even if they were earned.
“I am a [Hunt Commander], Dragonspeaker. My ideas are simple. Run down the enemy. Pursue the quarry. Take out the enemy by the neck.”
Makhir grinned around the table. His paw touched Hectval—then Liscor.
“War comes. Antinium forces are going to level if they fight. That’s inevitable. Without destroying a city for the Antinium—why not cut to the heart of the problem?”
“The leveling Antinium? I don’t follow your trail of logic, Makhir.”
Luciva frowned. The Gnoll nodded.
“It’s war, after all. There’s an alliance of three cities. Liscor has their forces and the Antinium. And the Antinium are going to fight and level. If they survive. What if someone joined…Hectval’s side? And made sure they didn’t?”
The High Command stirred. Rafaema blinked.
“Ah.”
General Milka nodded and smiled. Lulv scratched at his chin.
“A veteran spear-group. Or anti-armor infantry. Tell Hectval we want to help them. Chew up the Antinium group.”
“Exactly. We can also see their combat potential. The Queens no doubt did this to test out their Armored Soldiers in battle. I suggest we do the same.”
“War by proxy. I like it.”
Another Wall Lady murmured. Luciva was nodding.
“We’ll put that one higher. Let’s continue discussing options, however. I’m also minded to simply…”
 
—-
 
The discussion went on. Rafaema listened intently, then began to tune out as the High Command went over the same ideas, looking for weak points.
She had guessed—and she was right. They went with Makhir’s solution. She voted with the others, and Dragonspeaker Luciva did not overturn the collective decision. It was done, and Spearmaster Lulv was appointed to lead Manus’ reinforcing group.
“Are you sure you’ll be fine?”
Rafaema walked with the Gnoll as they left the inner chambers of Manus’ citadel-fortress, in the heart of the inner city. The City of War, with two layers of walls and their confusing layout, stretched beneath Rafaema as she walked with her teacher.
“Of course. I’m smart enough to know when to retreat. I’ll tell you how the Antinium fight. Even show you.”
“And you won’t miss the Meeting of Tribes?”
Lulv shrugged.
“I am a City Gnoll of Manus. I wouldn’t be welcome there.”
“I see. You’ll have to tell me more about Gnoll culture. That is…”
He smiled with all his teeth. Lulv hesitated, glanced around, and then patted Rafaema briefly on the shoulder.
“It would be my honor. Perhaps we’ll ask Makhir, eh? He knows more than I. But good you want to know.”
“Someday, I will lead Manus. I should.”
He nodded at that, greatly pleased. Rafaema thought she had Lulv’s respect. But ‘someday’ was…a long ways away.
