8.01
Page 28
Dragonspeaker Luciva was speaking to a group of Manus’ top [Commanders] when Rafaema approached. But she broke off. She had time for Rafaema.
Everyone had time for Rafaema.
“Wall Lady Rafaema. Can I help you?”
Some of the younger [Commanders] gave Rafaema a look. Those who didn’t know…her…and that was most of those outside the top brass, gave her supercilious looks.
Rafaema tried avoid doing this. She knew what they must think. A spoiled, orphaned Wall Lady humored by High Command, given favors because of her family’s rank.
Well, it was the backstory. But she took the stares now.
“If I’m not interrupting, Dragonspeaker Luciva?”
“Of course not. Is it urgent?”
“Not…pressing. But I had a desire—if it’s alright—to make an appointment to visit Oteslia. It has been long since our last visit. And you did say that you wished to make more meetings happen.”
Luciva blinked. And then she smiled. It was so rare to see her smiling after her daughter…passed. But it almost made up for what came next.
“Naturally, Rafaema! What brought this on?”
The Dragon’s tail tried to curl up. But she forced herself to smile.
“Well, I was just missing the city, that’s all. And I parted…somewhat badly from uh, Cire. I’d like to apologize. And meet him again.”
“We’ll make that happen. I’m delighted! And of course—we’ll have to organize a proper transport. The Meeting of Tribes is ongoing, but a Pegasus flight—of course, Rafaema. Cire should be delighted. As will the First Gardener.”
Rafaema’s teeth hurt. Especially because for her, they’d have her on a flight before you could blink.
“I will be so happy to see her. And Cire. Especially…Cire.”
Luciva was already motioning for one of her people. It might have been strange, what with Antinium and politics, for the Dragonspeaker to care so much about Rafaema visiting the city.
But the key was Oteslia. And Cire’s name. Rafaema had learned that long ago.
After all…there were only two Dragons in the Walled Cities left. One male, and one female. It wasn’t exactly hard to see why their relationship was what Luciva and the First Gardener worried about.
Two Dragons left in the entire world. Unless there were more. Somewhere else…
Rafaema sighed as she crossed her claws behind her back, suppressing the pang in her chest. Sorry Luciva. But she was going to Oteslia on her business. All for Manus and the cities. Cire?
She hated Cirediel Anvi’dualln Olicuemerdn. He really got on her nerves.
 
—-
 
News of the Antinium did not concern just Manus. The Blighted King no doubt knew of this—although his attention was likely focused on the Demons. Many people paid for news of the Antinium, though.
To some, it was more pressing a concern than mere interest.
Magnolia Reinhart put down the missive.
“Erin Solstice strikes again. That young woman is more nuisance than not some days, I swear, Ressa.”
“She is singularly effective it seems. Should we arrange to meet with her?”
“Later, perhaps.”
The [Lady] of House Reinhart was delightfully caught up with certain events. And not with others. Even this news had been delayed in reaching her.
Her information net was in shambles. Her people undercover, or evacuated. Her holdings in the north, recovering, for all the Circle of Thorns was on the run.
She herself had left her homeland and was at sea. It was disastrous. How easily things fell apart.
Well, she had seen that before. Magnolia Reinhart drank some sugar. And yes, that was how you should put it. The tea was secondary to the sugar.
