8.01
Page 29
A slight rocking disturbed the liquid in the cup as she put it down. They were on the ocean. Magnolia scowled. She didn’t like water that much. Unless there was sugar in it, and seawater had only salt. She sat there, contemplative.
“Ressa, at times like this, one likes to reflect on one’s weaknesses.”
“Only at times like this, Lady Reinhart?”
“I am not in the mood, Ressa. I will have you swim if you keep it up. This time—among others—one likes to reflect on one’s weaknesses and strengths. I do not like war. I am, it seems, poor at keeping [Assassins] in line.”
Ressa’s cheek twitched. The only other person in the room with them—Reynold—adjusted his position. He glanced at his lower half.
“You don’t say.”
“Ressa, I am sitting in a floating tub in the ocean. Yes. I am aware of my own understatements. I am just saying…what are my strengths? I thought I was rather good at intrigue. Perhaps I am not. Let’s list the real, quantifiable strengths I possess. A certain flair on the dance floor? Please, be honest. I know that is so difficult for you.”
“No.”
“Ah. An elegance and charm about me?”
“Wrong again.”
The [Lady] pursed her lips.
“I was afraid you’d say that. Then, it seems, Ressa, the one true gift I have that I can reliably state is my strength is…making money.”
Ressa thought about this for a worrying amount of time.
“That’s quite true. You make money quite well, milady.”
“Thank you, Ressa. But it is a shame. If I trusted other people to handle Izril’s future, how delightful it would have been to pay them to do the job. Like…Zel Shivertail.”
Silence. Yes, look how all the best-laid plans fell to ruin. Magnolia Reinhart sipped more tea. She sighed again.
“But here I am. Thrust into the role of trying to steer Izril in a better direction.”
“Kicking and screaming, whether they like it or not.”
Ressa checked under the blinds, eying the position of the sun. She looked at Magnolia. The [Lady] was serene.
“Quite so. Because I believe I am right. Ah, but my talents do not align. Making money. I should have been born into the House of El. But I would have never fit in, what with my ability to actually retain money in my coffers and make decent business decisions.”
“I shall inform them of this sad fact upon my latest convenience.”
“Mm. Thank you, Ressa. I always have you to keep me grounded. Is there any other pressing news to hear? It’s nearly time.”
Ressa consulted her notes. Spotty intelligence, politics…she discarded it all for later. Because now was a waiting time and she knew her mistress’ mood. She found one thing that might distract and half-smiled.
“Ah. Your niece wishes to speak with you. It’s quite urgent, or so she claims.”
Magnolia Reinhart made a face, as if the tea had suddenly gone sour.
“…This wouldn’t happen to be the niece who enjoys…fornication with her step-brother, would it?”
“No. This is one of your nieces that you like.”
Magnolia Reinhart blinked. She put down her cup.
“I have one of those?”
The [Head Maid] nodded.
“Yvlon Byres.”
“Oh, Yvlon!”
Magnolia smiled and laughed.
“I would never do her the disservice of calling her family, Ressa. Oh, my niece. Well, I will attend to her very soon, then. Right after this.”
“Very good, milady.”
Ressa straightened. Magnolia chuckled. And for a moment, she was distracted. Reynold waited, looking at his legs. The ‘floating tub’ rocked as the waves moved them slightly.
It was nearly time.
 
—-
 
Armies. Schemes. Dead [Innkeepers]. It was a tumultuous time. In this world, where levels and Skills shaped lives and power and authority were measured on such things—
