8.01
Page 13
I’m going to murder you, now. Pawn reached for his neck. He only stopped when someone approached him.
“Pawn.”
The [Priest] hesitated, with all four hands outstretched. Dekass eyed them and put a chip in each. Pawn ignored him and turned to the Worker who’d interrupted him.
It was one of his Painted Workers who stood there, with a cluster of Antinium behind him. Soldiers, Workers—all painted. This first Worker was Pawn’s, though.
He had a little yellow flower drawn on his shoulders, their roots and vines travelling down his arms. Erin called them close to ‘tattoos’, but the golden blooms were based off the very flowers in her inn.
Faerie Flowers. And this Worker was thus Golden Bloom. He was one of the [Acolytes] that Pawn was training.
“What is it, Golden Bloom?”
Pawn was surprised. There were two [Acolytes] under his authority. Only two, out of the countless others. They helped him serve bread and spoke little. They listened much, and knew all his stories, however. But this was unusual.
The other Antinium shifted, but it was clearly Golden Bloom who needed to speak. He clasped and unclasped his hands; he had the habit of putting two together like Pawn, in constant prayer.
“I—we—I have been asked on behalf of all—to ask you an important question.”
“Can it wait until I murder Dekass, Golden Bloom?”
“No, Pawn. It is important.”
“What?”
The Prognugator stopped crunching crisps and sidled back. Golden Bloom’s antennae waved urgently. He opened and closed his mandibles, in clear distress.
“Pawn. It is about Erin.”
“Tell me.”
Pawn turned away at once. He faced the others. Golden Bloom trembled.
“Erin is…is…is hurt. Dead but not dead.”
“She will return.”
The other Antinium nodded. Golden Bloom looked around.
“Yes. But if…if she does not…”
A cold pit opened up in Pawn’s stomach. Already, it came. Did their faith waver in less than two weeks? Did they not believe?
Did he?
“You think this is what will happen, Golden Bloom?”
“No Pawn. I believe. I pray. I pray at least 31 times per day and I am trying to pray more. We all do. But if—if she is hurt. And not alive. Nor dead. Is…there no place for her in Heaven? Because she is not Antinium? Is that why she is neither alive nor dead?”
Pawn stopped. All thoughts of rage against Dekass and crisps left him. He saw Golden Bloom trembling.
“Because, Pawn, if that is so, I do not think it is a good Heaven. Not without Erin.”
It came out in a rush. The [Acolyte] looked at Pawn.
“I know she is not Antinium. But she should be there. And if—if there is no place for her—I will give her mine. If it is not enough, we will all give her ours.”
The Antinium nodded as one. Pawn felt his heart sinking in his chest. They looked terrified. But resolved.
“No. You do not have to do that. Please, Golden Bloom. Do not be afraid. Heaven—Heaven is not that cruel.”
He reached out and touched the Worker. The [Acolyte] looked at him.
“But she is not there.”
“Yes. Because she is not dead. If she was—”
Something was attacking Pawn from the inside. He spoke, despite it.
“If she was, she would be there. We will—will pray tonight. To make an exception for her, and all those that matter.”
The Antinium relaxed. As if Pawn—of course he would know. He would be able to make that happen. But Pawn was suddenly uncertain.
Did it work like that?
“Then we will see her again. And Heaven…Heaven will have all the good people, in time?”
In time? They would all die. Mrsha, Numbtongue…Pawn felt dizzy. As if he had only realized that today.
Yes, in time they would all be there. Even little Mrsha. Even…he felt sick.
