8.01
Page 20
These Antinium wore the mark of the Armored Hive of the Antinium. A gift of esteem that had never been touched. For there were not enough for all Soldiers, so who would be marked thusly?
Besides—Klbkch had been in charge, then. Now?
The first Soldiers marched past Olesm with a thunderous roar. Their armor and footsteps were a thunderous din. And that was not all.
They carried weapons. Olesm saw a Painted Soldier. His body was masked by metal. But he had drawn the cute little green airplanes on his armor.
And he carried a steel mace in one hand, designed to be held by the Soldier’s clumsy grips. A huge, spiked weapon where Soldiers had always fought with mere fists. In the other?
A shield. There strode by the equivalent of any [Knight] that Olesm had seen. Heavy infantry. As armored and armed as any Drake in Liscor’s Watch could have hoped to be—
No, more. Because he carried four weapons. One for each hand. Below, in the Soldier’s lower grips, he had two long daggers.
Four weapons for a single Soldier. And that was the first rank of the armor-division. The Workers wore leather, or even wood-armor, also made for them. Each one carried bow and arrows.
The Free Antinium’s archer divisions. All of this was terrifying. It would terrify the Walled Cities—but it was still what the Armored Antinium already had, even if they had supplied the Free Antinium with enough arms for thousand—thousands of their own.
But Olesm saw something in front of the horde of Antinium that made him afraid. Not because of what it looked like—but who it was.
Pawn. The [Priest] carried his censer. Which had little meaning for most. But Olesm knew it meant something. He walked across their ranks as they stopped in one of Liscor’s largest plazas, with the citizenry, Watch, Council, staring at them.
Sweet smoke drifted from the censer. Pawn walked across the ranks of Soldiers. Each rank armed with different sets of weapons. Maces and shields in front. Pikes held by two hands, a crossbow for the other two in the second rank. Swords in the fourth…and so on. The Armored Queen had sent every kind of weapon her forges produced.
They were more than Armored Antinium, though. Pawn looked across them.
The Armored Queen had lavished the Free Queen with gifts of goodwill, hoping to be repaid in turn. She had sent exactly one thousand sets of armor, to join her first, smaller gift. Workers were outfitted in armor of their own. Not all the Soldiers were thus covered, and not all Workers.
But enough. Three thousand Soldiers stood to attention. A thousand Workers with bows. Five of the [Archer] companies.
Painted Soldiers and regular ones. They looked at Pawn. He raised his hand—
And they knelt. Pawn walked across them, whispering.
Somewhere—in some world and time far from this one, a better one—an [Innkeeper] was weeping. He thought he could hear her, but that was just his imagination.
Erin Solstice was dead. In this world, there was only wrath and war and damnation.
Silveran was one Worker who had chosen something else. Those who had not his grace had only hatred left.
Hate, hate, hate.
And wrath. And vengeance. And duty.
“We will never be the same. It is not enough to simply be. We must defend what we believe in. For we have enemies.”
Pawn spoke to them. This was his decision.
