8.01
Page 16
The whisper froze Green Baron in place. The other Antinium in the barracks turned. The cadence. The [Priest] stood there.
“Enough? Did you ask me if I thought it was enough? If I thought hECtvAl suffered enough?”
The Soldier took a step back as the [Priest]’s head rose. And there they were.
He did not have Xrn’s eyes, for which he was grateful. For if he did, surely they would have seen them.
A hundred thousand Aberrations.
A hundred thousand demons in the depths of his gaze, waiting to be let out.
I curse you by kindness. I curse you by the sky. I curse you to death. I curse you to suffering—
No, it was not enough. And no—his rage had not abated.
Did they think it had? Did they think a thousand dead soldiers of Hectval would have quenched the fury? The [Doomspeaker]’s hands clenched and unclenched.
“We are Antinium. We…must protect Erin’s inn. We will do that. Do I say it is enough? No. No! But what would you have me do? March upon them? Drown them in the Black Tide until their city is ash and ruin?”
Silence. Green Baron’s head began to move. Pawn whispered.
“I would if I could. But we would break upon their walls. It would be war across the continent. No. So we will wait here and pray.”
He spat the words. Suddenly understanding that he was as disconsolate as the others at the world. It was not enough. He wanted it. Erin’s death had been—this could not continue. He could not be happy to tend to his flock.
Something had to change.
And as the Soldier hesitated in the face of that wrath, the answer came. It came in the form of one of the watching bystanders, and a sound.
Crunch.
Dekass bit into the crisp and saw every head look towards him. He hesitated, then offered the bag to Pawn. But he spoke as he did.
“Is that all you have to do, Prognugator Pawn? I am giving you this title since it seems appropriate and Tersk said I should.”
Pawn stirred.
“What do you mean, Dekass? Do not annoy me. I am not in the mood for it.”
“Am I being annoying?”
The Armored Prognugator gave Pawn an exceptionally surprised look. He went on in the meaningful silence.
“You claim there is no way to strike at Hectval. Or to change the Painted Soldiers, who are, while effective, prone to death as much as any other. I say: this is not so. I have been listening to the talk of Liscor, for I am a Prognugator and trained in the art of subterfuge. The citizens talk while unaware of my cunning infiltration buying crisps.”
There was so much wrong with the last part of that statement that Pawn ignored it.
“What, Dekass?”
Crunch. Crunch. The Armored Prognugator finished the last crisps he held, and then he gave the rest to Golden Bloom. He looked at Pawn.
And for all Pawn regarded him as close to one of the ‘clowns’ that Erin described, minus the face paint and silly noses—there was something suddenly off-putting about Dekass.
He was ludicrous at times. Arrogant, as Tersk had been. Just like Pivr was obnoxious and talkative and lauded his Queen at every moment, and Xeu foreign. But you forgot—that was because Dekass was out of place here. An observer.
But he was still a Prognugator of the Hives. The Armored Antinium’s leader in war. He gazed at Pawn and beckoned.
“Come with me. And bring your Soldiers.”
He gestured at Green Baron and the others. Pawn hesitated. Then followed Dekass.
 
—-
 
Dekass moved through the Hive with Pawn and some of the Soldiers to show him his grand idea at the same time as Xrn stood in the Hive.
