8.01
Page 11
“Not all, Councilmember. But I know what must be done. While we wait for the three other companies from the army, we will have to double the Watch’s size again. Watch Captain Zevara requires an expanded budget. Most important will be fortifying the Floodplains. That means far-ranging patrols, counter-scouting missions and knowing where the enemy is. You can see I have marked out spots for watchtowers to be built.”
“Watchtowers?”
The Council murmured. Tismel was incredulous.
“Why do we need them? They won’t stop an army! Double the Watch again? They’d be over ten-thousand strong! Let’s just have the [Architect] build a wall! Wasn’t that the campaign Lism ran on?”
Olesm sighed. Here was where his Manus-education paid off. At least for the obvious. He spoke, patiently.
“Liscor is growing. And Hectval can amass an army that large by themselves. Watchtowers are necessary because they…watch…for enemy raids, Councilmember Tismel. That’s the greatest threat. Saboteurs, small bands of Drakes who launch a [Fireball] at a village. Or at travellers. Hectval could kill our trade with the north, ruin our fields and thus our harvests.”
“And they have already launched one raid which did too much.”
Elirr’s voice made everyone go silent. Olesm half-nodded. The others regarded the maps. Olesm cleared his throat again.
“To your point about a wall, Councilmember Tismel, a wall does not stop any of this. Even if we stretched it across the southern entrance to the Floodplains; they’d just go around it, over the mountains. It costs too much to build, maintain, and we would never have it up in time.”
“So. Watchtowers. Feels weird we’re building them on our southern border.”
Jeiss muttered. He got nods from Zalaiss and Tismel. Olesm just raised one brow.
“They used to be placed to the north and south, Councilmember Jeiss. We’ll be rebuilding them on old foundations before the Necromancer destroyed them. And the Antinium.”
Jeiss blinked. Olesm saw him look askance, but the [Strategist] was too tired to care.
“I would like you to agree to my budget, Councilmembers. It’s underlined on the last page.”
They checked it out and gasped.
“This is far too much! We don’t have the coin to—”
“Even with all the new immigrants and taxes?”
Alonna was doing some math. Zalaiss was shaking her head.
“This kind of expenditure—”
“We are at war, Councilmembers!”
Olesm barked. The female Drake looked at him. He blinked again.
“Watch Captain Zevara will be meeting with us to discuss the expanded Watch’s roles. It would be within her power to expand the Watch this way, without consultation. We are at war—which means she and I both outrank you. I am asking you to approve what I feel is necessary. Not requesting your permission.”
It gave him no satisfaction to see their faces. The reality began to sink in. Olesm stood there, as the Council looked at each other.
“Then, Olesm…”
Lism. His eyes were very kind as he looked at his nephew. Olesm bit his tongue. He steadied himself with his tail. He pushed down everything and everything. Do your duty right.
“…What can we do to make your and Watch Captain Zevara’s jobs easier?”
Olesm gulped.
“Frankly, Councilmember Lism? You can consider a conscription.”
Silence now. Olesm spoke into it.
