8.01
Page 36
She glared at Asale, her eyes baleful. The Admiral of the Supply raised a claw.
“It is possible the Velistrane could match our harbor defenses and fight back for the minutes it would take to escape the harbor, Matriarch. Even if we attempted to close the gates.”
“But if we closed the gates and sank it?”
He met her gaze.
“…Then no ship would trust the word of Zeres when it offers safe passage again, Matriarch. Or at least, not for years.”
She cursed him.
“Why did you let her arrive, Asale?”
The Sharkcaptain was glowering too. The Admiral of Supply sighed.
“We are not at war with Humans, Matriarch, Admiralty. I remind you of that. Or have the Antinium suddenly lost their strength? I say: let her pass.”
“And if I disagree?”
“You may accept my resignation.”
A second aura curled around Asale. He brushed it away and waited. Two slitted pupils glowered at him. But nothing was said.
 
—-
 
Here came the warship. The people at the docks looked up at the glowing lines of the ship, drawing closer. It was projecting its own luminesce, the wooden sides of the ship glowing.
And there was the sigil of House Reinhart—and that name.
Velistrane.
The citizens of Zeres tensed. Noass did them a disservice, suggesting that the coins were enough to buy goodwill. They knew that famous name from stories of wars with Humans.
[Sailors] now—from around the world, were less picky. They took off caps, or watched as one of the grandest ships remaining slowly entered the harbor.
 
—-
 
Magnolia Reinhart exhaled as she watched the scrying orb. She hadn’t been certain. Fairly sure, yes. But the Serpentine Matriarch was notorious for her temper, even if Magnolia had never met her before.
“I almost wish I could have brought Bethal to meet her. That would have been a meeting to remember—disastrous as it might be. Well, the hardest part is done. Now…let’s see how they react to this.”
 
—-
 
The drums had gone silent. The sound of surf against the docks was the only noise, aside from the breathing of those around. The [Servants] had gone silent. But more figures were arrayed on the decks.
On the Velistrane too. There were…hundreds. Hundreds, not even counting the [Sailors]. The Admiral of the Harbor watched, grinding her teeth.
“They’re in ranks. If they’re going to attack—they’re being open about it. I don’t see…weapons.”
“What, then?”
Her counterpart looked at her. The Drake cursed the [Darkness] spell, despite having near perfect night-vision despite the enchantment on her.
“Pieces of parchment? Paper? I have no idea what—wait. Is that Magnolia Reinhart herself?”
She pointed.
Everyone saw the light illuminate the prow of the ship. There stood a woman in a pink dress. She was certainly a grand lady—her hair flashed in the light. A proud…the Admiral hesitated.
“We might be seeing Magnolia Reinhart herself! Wait…is that Magnolia Reinhart?”
Merri was commentating. There was a ripple of confusion as the woman spread her arms out, as if greeting Zeres.
 
—-
 
“That’s not Magnolia Reinhart.”
Lord Tyrion took one glance at the scrying orb and told Hethon. Sammial’s breakfast fell off his fork; they were eating.
“It’s not?”
Hethon was unsure. So were the people in Zeres. Pink dress, standing on the prow of the boat…Tyrion didn’t look twice.
“It’s not her.”
But he was watching out of the corner of his eye.
 
—-
 
“Is it Magnolia Reinhart or not? She’s big. The Sharkcaptain might be smaller than her!”
“I heard Magnolia Reinhart’s fat. Eats sugar all the time.”
“Who told you that?”
