8.01
Page 32
“The Matriarch would have made a fuss. As would have you. I decided it was better to allow her passage as Admiral of the Supply. We can discuss it at the next conference.”
Femar opened and closed his mouth. He stared at Asale. What he did not say was ‘you traitor’, or ‘how dare you’? Because Asale clearly dared.
Zeres was not Manus. No Walled City were alike, obviously, but Zeres was a city of tradition, almost as much as Salazsar. And along with the Serpentine Matriarch, they had a tradition that rankled some other, military-minded Drakes’ ideas of command.
Each Admiral was a law unto his or her own. They were semi-autonomous; they answered to their fellows and the Serpentine Matriarch, but they could act and did act without each other’s approval. That included keeping secrets.
“You—”
Before Femar could say half the things boiling on his tongue, he heard a sound.
Boom. Boom.
It was the beating of a vast drum from sea. Asale glanced out the window.
“That would be her arrival. I understand there’s a party to be had at Oteslia soon. With her name on it.”
“And you decided to let her come by way of Zeres? The other Walled Cities—”
“She is not our enemy today. Also—she paid quite well for the berths. We’ll discuss it at the next conference, Femar.”
The Sharkcaptain roared his fury. His aura sprang to life and the guards outside Asale’s office shouted in panic. For Femar’s aura was like a shark’s, not an element, not like that of a [Lord]. It was so physical that it tore the carpet around his feet, sent loose papers flying, even cut at the drapes—
Asale threw an ink-pot at Femar. It bounced off the Drakes’ head. Femar recoiled. Asale sat, scowling, in the center of the destruction.
“Get out of my office.”
Femar hesitated. But then he ran out of the room, cursing. Asale sighed. And he heard the sound again.
Magnolia Reinhart was entering the city of Zeres. Coming to you live from Wistram News Network. He wondered just how mad the Serpentine Matriarch would be.
 
—-
 
The High Command of Zeres, minus Asale, was surprised. The Wistram [Mages] poised to record the event? Less so.
The Walled Cities? Well, Oteslia knew, because Magnolia Reinhart was travelling there by invitation. And thus the other Walled Cities knew, or were aware of the fact of one of the Five Families treading upon their soil.
It had seemed such a huge deal…months ago. Now, overlooked. Eventually, it was decided she could definitely travel to Oteslia. It was her neck, not theirs.
They had, perhaps, forgotten to ask the question of how she would arrive. It had been assumed she would come from the north, past Liscor, around the Bloodfields—although that was a longer route. But she had her famous pink carriage. Why, she’d have to sail to Zeres or another port if she wanted to come by sea.
Recent events could have suggested that was more likely. However, again, so what? She’d arrive by sea.
Except that this…was an event. Magnolia Reinhart heard the first rolling toll of thunder from the drums at the same time as the people of Zeres. She listened, hands gripping the teacup firmly.
“Planning. I had time to plan this one. I’d like to call that Strength #2, Ressa, if I may.”
“Perhaps.”
Magnolia nodded and sipped from her cup.
“Planning. When it all comes together, I like to think I do it quite well. Are you sure we can’t add ‘social graces’ to the list?”
“You’re not that charming, even with Skills.”
“Well, drat. But I’d like to think I at least know the difference between Drake and Human politics. We have come to this delightful party in Oteslia.”
