8.01
Page 42
It was a pole of wood. Reynold had, in fact, assembled it. It was in multiple parts—you locked the wood together.
Nothing fancy. Just smart-cutting, something Pallass would approve of. But as old as, well log cabins. No magic.
It created a pole far taller than the carriage, that was the point. A long stick. You couldn’t even really use it as a quarterstaff unless you were giant. That wasn’t the point, though.
His eyes narrowed. So did Femar’s. So did…because of course, what did that kind of instrument make you think of?
What was it Sir Relz had said?
“The first Reinhart to set foot in the City of Zeres in generations. The first of the Five Families to walk in one of the Walled Cities in…and not as a prisoner.”
A symbol. Think of laws. Magnolia Reinhart had.
Were there laws against…? Femar began to stride towards the carriage.
“You. Put that down.”
Reynold had a bit of fabric in one hand. He had looped it; it was meant to be carried aloft in a similar manner. He glanced at Femar, but ignored the Sharkcaptain.
The Drake’s steps quickened. Reynold handed the pole’s base to a [Maid]. Another maid joined them. They began to haul it up.
“Stop!”
Femar raised his spear, but it was too late. Merri saw one of the Admirals go for the scrying orb. But she was already turning.
The pole rose. And attached to it, the fabric. Or could you call it…a banner? A flag?
If you would press me thusly—Magnolia Reinhart watched as the Sharkcaptain leapt forwards, too late. Asale looked at her.
Claw for claw? Insult for insult? He held his breath. The Matriarch watched, shrieking her fury as the banner—
 
—-
 
“The Banner of Reinhart! That girl! Hah! Hahahaha!”
Regis was shouting in exuberance, all his rage transformed. His eyes locked on the fabric. Then his face twisted in confusion.
 
—-
 
“That’s not the Banner of House Reinhart. The Banner of Terland?”
Lord Tyrion Veltras muttered. But he was already shaking his head. It wasn’t that either. It was—different. It was more colorful than even the Banner of the Terlands.
It was—his eyes widened.
 
—-
 
A color lost to time. Colors lost to time. And it was fabric. It was…blowing in the air. That much everyone had gotten right. But they were wrong in one huge, important detail.
It was not a flag. It was not a banner.
Behold. It flapped in the breeze—then caught the air. Nearly blew the three [Servants] off their feet. They held it steady, but it could have yanked them into the sky if the breeze were stronger. It had been meant for a far larger thing than just them.
A…ship. And what blew as they held it aloft was a beautiful thing. Wrought before even the Five Families had planted their standards on Izril’s soil.
Though time and war had damaged it, though its beloved vessel had been lost, still, it retained its beauty.
The Dragonsail fluttered in the breeze as the Sharkcaptain of Zeres stopped. His spear was ready to cast, to tear it down. But his arm halted.
He froze, eyes wide. The Drakes stared up and cried out.
“A Dragonsail? But the Dragonships were—”
“Lost. The Velistrane sank one in combat long ago.”
Asale murmured. And he understood. He looked at Magnolia Reinhart. She was smiling at him. At Femar, as he turned—and for the cameras.
It was not a nice smile. But neither was it as cruel as it could have been.
“Yes. The Dragonsail. We kept it. We keep everything. That is my reply.”
“What?”
The Admiralty started. Magnolia Reinhart gestured at the impromptu banner hanging in the wind.
