8.01
Page 40
Ressa was saying publically, gesturing to some waiting carriages. Of course, that part was show. They’d already moved what needed to be moved on ahead; only the objects on display would be going with the pink carriage. And this time—there would be no ambush in waiting.
“What party?”
That came from the Admiral of the Navy, belatedly realizing that there was something he’d missed. But in truth, it wasn’t his fault.
It was a tactic Magnolia Reinhart had learned from, well, Maviola El. If you said it, they would believe it. She laughed.
“Oh, Admiral Krallow. You do like your jests. I hope to see you there. I don’t think the Matriarch said if she was going…? But I will quite like to see Oteslia. City of Growth. I’d love to stay in the City of Waves, but I’m a teensy bit behind schedule. I do so like to settle in and it doesn’t do to just roll up to the event on the day, does it?”
“Er…”
Magnolia was heading towards the pink carriage, which had replaced itself at the head of the carpet. But there was one last thing.
Or perhaps she had anticipated it. She looked at Ressa, and the [Maid] gave her a slight nod. She looked ahead at Reynold. And he had it ready. Bundled up in the carriage…it had made a nice blanket. Now, he covertly handed one of the [Servants] a long pole.
“Magnolia of House Reinhart.”
Someone stopped Magnolia Reinhart before she could make her grand departure. The [Lady] smiled.
“Sharkcaptain of Zeres.”
“You know me.”
Femar’s voice was flat. He held the famous spear idly. He was watching Ressa as much as Magnolia. And she eyed him.
Asale and two other members of the Admiralty of Zeres had joined the Sharkcaptain of Zeres. He bared his teeth as Magnolia Reinhart halted.
Auras met in the air. This was Zeres, his home. Femar’s eyes narrowed. Magnolia smiled.
“Admiral Asale. My thanks for allowing me passage.”
“Of course, Lady Reinhart.”
The Drake was watching her, curious, but also Femar. The Sharkcaptain frowned. Then, conscious of the others watching the silent clash of auras, smiled wider.
“The Serpentine Matriarch was quite pleased by your tribute to Zeres, Magnolia Reinhart.”
“Thank you, Femar. I do so enjoy it when my hard work is appreciated. Please, tell Ieneessa I appreciate the compliment.”
The [Lady] gave him an icy smile. Asale sighed as the Sharkcaptain blinked. He was the wrong person to try and dance with Magnolia—at least with words.
“The Matriarch of Zeres enjoyed the display.”
Femar began again, lying through his teeth. He eyed the Crown of Manus—the bronze one—being slowly carried past him. Idly, he lowered the spear.
The [Maid] holding it halted. Asale was impressed; the woman knew what was coming, it seemed, but it was still impressive to not flinch or even blink at the Sharkcaptain’s spear as it halted in front of her chest.
“There is just one thing, Lady Reinhart. Before you leave Zeres—it seems you’ve brought quite a number of objects to bring to an Oteslian party?”
“Party favors, Femar. Do keep up.”
He flushed slightly. There was a ripple of laughter. The Sharkcaptain’s teeth ground—then he caught himself.
“Yes. Well, you are free to head to Oteslia. The First Gardener has invited you, after all. Just as soon as we ascertain the value of all your gifts and collect a proper import tax.”
Someone made a sound in the crowd. Magnolia Reinhart didn’t blink. But she did sigh.
“Oh dear. Really?”
“Surely you knew the laws of a Walled City before you arrived?”
“Femar…”
Asale wanted to shake his head. Since he was on television, he did not. Merri made an incredulous sound.
“But they’re gifts…”
