8.01
Page 6
“You mean, our unspecified mass-destruction anti-magic artifact of unparalleled might, Armored Queen?”
The Flying Queen’s question made the Armored Queen visibly hesitate. After a second, she clicked her mandibles.
“Yes. That. Which we have in abundance. Capable of five hundred mile deployment and six hundred and twenty one foot destructive capabilities.”
“Yes. I have six such artifacts stored.”
“I have eight.”
“Indeed? This is good. We should produce more in case our enemies should threaten us.”
“Yes. As I have said, production is underway. That is all I wish to communicate.”
“Very good, Armored Queen.”
The two [Mages] watched as the mirrors went dead. The [Diviner] looked at the [Seer]. She shook her head slowly. It was the sixth such conversation she’d recorded in the last two days. She turned to the [Diviner], her boss, helplessly.
“I’m 70% sure they’re messing with us. But it’s disturbing that I’m only 70% sure.”
“Catalogue it for the Archmages. They’ll review whether to send it on.”
The [Diviner] grimaced. He’d certainly noticed that the Queens had stopped using their mirrors and changed their locations—as well as begun dropping very specific hints about improbable defenses and force distributions.
He doubted the Archmages would want to pass this on…their credibility had rather been deflated by warning the Walled Cities of a war that had never, in fact, transpired. Somehow, the Queens had caught on that they were being monitored.
That was not the only change among the Antinium, of course. A small number—but still, nearly a thousand Antinium had attacked and slaughtered a Drake force outside of Liscor. The [Seer] shuddered as the mirrors went dark—another sign that the Queens were probably aware of the spying. Or else why didn’t they leave them pointed towards them at all times?
For that matter—before they went dark, the Drake definitely noticed some Workers and Soldiers putting a blanket on top of it before the mirror was dragged elsewhere. Yes, the Antinium were changing. But she could not have known what inspired far more change than in just the Queens.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was dead. No, frozen. Don’t even think ‘dead’, for that was wrong.
But think of it and feel the all-consuming despair and hatred. Think of her, as she lies there. You did not even see her wounded. You were not there to shield her.
You could not heal her. So say it. 
“[Summon Aberration].”
This time, he saw it more clearly. This was how it happened, in detail: the Worker watched as the others drew back, shivering, shaking. Even the Free Queen stared.
Something tore a hole in the air. As if the air were just…cloth or paper, and you could pierce it with your hands and pull apart a gap. Beyond the air lay only a void. Not darkness, not color, but a lack of it.
And out of it came a Worker. No—
An Aberration.
It shuddered, twitching with what Pawn knew was rage, a madness only the Antinium processed in this way. Just a Worker. And yet—even trained [Soldiers] had gone down to its madness.
For, Pawn realized, the Worker was armed. It had a kitchen knife in one hand, a carpenter’s hammer and awl in the other.
As if it were an actual Worker, and had seized the nearest tools around it before going on a rampage.
As they did. Aberrations were rare, but when they occurred, a Worker—or Soldier—would simply—snap. They would go mad and kill everything in sight, other Antinium, people, and only cease when they had been dismembered.
The ones he had summoned had killed the enemy before fading away. And this one…pulled itself out of the air and stopped.
