8.01
Page 43
“It is in your anthem, isn’t it? And this is Zeres, City of Waves. City of tradition. Dragonsail. Friend. By your laws, those who fly the Dragonsail are kin to your city. I claim right of passage, exempt from the Matriarch’s will under that. Or will Wyrm overturn the will of Dragons?”
She stood in place, beaming around at everyone. Asale saw her glance up as the wind threatened to snatch away the relic again.
“I didn’t want to be this direct.”
She murmured, as if to herself. Asale shook his head. But she’d planned every event so far. He doubted they’d been far off her reckoning.
So there it was. The choir, the coins, even the song of Zeres from the mightiest of the Reinhart’s ships for Zeres, all of it was so lovely. Wrapped up with a pink bow.
This was the other half. Dragonsail. Look at it and remember. Magnolia Reinhart sighed.
“My gifts are many things we’ve kept over the years. I hope to give back some—and spread goodwill. But we shall see at the party. In Oteslia; I bid you all adieu until then. Asale, my regards to the Matriarch. You have a lovely city.”
She walked to the carriage as the Dragonsail was lowered. The carpet was rolled up. The [Servants] not accompanying her headed back to the ships. It was so fast that it caught them all off-guard. Magnolia Reinhart’s pink carriage shot through the city.
And there she was. Almost as fast as rumor. Almost as quickly as news. As gossip and rumor spread—
Lady Magnolia Reinhart had entered the land of the Drakes. She was headed for Oteslia.
She was not the only one. Here came a [Princess]. Hither travelled a [Lady], and Wall Lords and Ladies.
And a Dragon.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: It’s done. I had actually debated having…every part of this chapter later in Volume 8. It’s about timing, you see. Sometimes some chapter are better here rather than there, and perhaps that’s for when you finish the story to edit it, move stuff around.
I think, and hope, this fits here. Perhaps it’s better somewhere else, but it’s done and I’m writing chapter by chapter.
Did you enjoy it? From this chapter to the next! We have a lot of ground to cover, but I think we got decently far. Even if boats are slower than pink carriages.
Not all will be this long; I’m actually hoping I can make them a bit shorter. But you know me and promises. We’ll see what happens! Volume 8 is beginning! Strong! Weak? Pink? Thanks for reading!
 
The Free Queen and the Mirror by LeChatDemon, Commissioned by Richi!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
Stash with all the TWI related art: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0

 
Antinium War, Foliana, Gazi, and more by HolyChicken!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/q_thebird
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/quintenthebird
                                                                                 
 
Reinhart Crest, Veltras Crest, Laken, Erin, Maviola, and more by Tomeo! (Laken made by Picrew Image Maker).

                                                                                                                         
 

