8.01
Page 22
Amply defended. Zevara broke out of her stupor and looked around. Olesm felt sweat running down his spine.
“But Belgrade…our treaty with the Free Antinium only allowed them to keep a standing force of three hundred Soldiers. We expanded that of late, but this is a violation of our agreement.”
He reminded the [Tactician] of that salient point. The Worker looked at Pawn. The [Priest]’s antennae waved.
“Really? I did not know that.”
The Council stared at Pawn and Belgrade. The other Worker scratched delicately at the top of his head.
“I remember that. Revalantor Klbkch told me never to permit more than three hundred Soldiers aboveground except in times of crisis, or mention our numbers.”
“Ah. So we have broken the rules?”
“It appears so.”
They turned back to Olesm and the Council. After a second, Pawn shrugged.
“Sorry. No one informed us.”
He didn’t even try to be apologetic. And what were you supposed to say to that? Shake your claw at them? They were far beyond that.
“Councilmembers—a quick discussion. Alonna, some privacy?”
Lism’s strangled voice. Olesm hurried over with Zevara.
“What in the name of the Ancestors do we do? This is a flagrant disregard for our treaty—”
“We always knew they had more than the treaty, Councilmember. That part of our agreement was always doomed.”
Zevara muttered. She was looking at the Antinium army. Four thousand. It wasn’t the largest force by far. Probably a lot scarier, even untrained, than Gnoll conscripts, though. They’d be the vanguard of your fighting force. Or a powerful, semi-autonomous force you could use to press the enemy on any wing…
What was he thinking? Olesm bit his tongue. But…Antinium sappers. They were famous for their fast earthworks projects. Who wanted to fight Antinium when they could collapse the ground under you, or tunnel and attack your command?
“This is madness. We can’t allow this.”
“And what would you have us do?”
Jeiss looked at Alonna, Elirr, Tismel, and Zalaiss. They were all horrified. But the Senior Guardsman had skipped to some logical point ahead of them. He put his hand on his sword’s hilt. Olesm unconsciously did the same.
The smooth handle of a Kaalblade. He flinched, jerked his claw away. Jeiss met his eyes.
“I think the dead cat’s out of the bag, to use a Human expression. Let’s say we don’t add them to our army, Alonna.”
“Yes! Which is only sensible!”
“And…?”
The [Mage] stopped. Jeiss nodded.
“Now we have an army of four thousand angry Antinium. With armor and weapons. Who might decide to do something about Hectval themselves. And if they don’t? We have an army of four thousand Antinium in the city, not under our command.”
“You’re saying it’s like a weapon with the Dancing enchantment. It’s active and unless you use it—”
“It cuts off your tail. Exactly, Watch Captain.”
There were a lot of metaphors being tossed around. But the Council began to catch on. Olesm looked at the first addition to Liscor’s army. Because, even after discussion, debate, neck spine-pulling—what else was there to do?
And oh, did this development change things. To war. Olesm’s nerves hummed. He understood why Pawn had come to this decision.
There were some things that could not be forgiven. Not as he was. The Drake had been ready to resign after doing his duty safeguarding his home. Now? His eyes turned southwards.
That city had taken two people he loved away.
 
—-
 
That city was called Hectval. Part of the Hectval…Hectval…
