8.01
Page 15
There were other…interesting names Soldiers had chosen. It was their identity, but Green Baron was sharing space with Soldier #1533, who had that number proudly written on his chest, Bacon Rashers, who, yes, had had that for his first real meal ever, and Kevin2. Because they liked Kevin. Also, π, who had tried to express as much of the mathematical constant as the others could remember on his body.
Pawn did not judge much. But he had stopped there from being a Kevin3 and Kevin4. Normally, Kevin2 was trying to imitate Kevin, in body language and personality.
But his head was bowed. He was curled up and Pawn recognized the look.
Pure despair. Pawn’s heart ached for them. He looked at Green Baron’s misery and spoke, gently, tightening his grip so the other felt it through his armor.
“We must have faith. We must believe, and strive. We must endure, Green Baron.”
He felt the Soldier shudder. Then—the Antinium with green airplanes drawn on his armor straightened.
Erin had helped draw them. And she was a bad drawer, so some were squiggly. But he treasured them. Pawn remembered that as the Soldier turned to him. And his hands rose and he said—
“No.”
He spoke. In the sign language that the Antinium had learned from Mrsha. They had created their own variation upon it, adding more words that Mrsha had not used. But it was the same language. Pawn’s mandibles opened slightly.
“No? What do you…mean, Green Baron?”
Green Baron thought for a second. His hands moved slowly, four hands approximating shapes. Crude fingers, a Soldier’s fingers. The Free Queen had told Yellow Splatters that future generations would get digits.
“What if I cannot wait? What if I cannot have faith and pray for—sky’s—return?”
He substituted the word ‘sky’, a spreading gesture with all four arms, for Erin. She had no need of a name. It was just ‘her’. But she should have one.
Pawn hesitated.
“Is it hard to pray, Green Baron? Do you not…believe?”
“I believe.”
Pawn exhaled. That was something. He was not one of Bird’s followers, who prayed at times, but did not believe. Green Baron saw the confusion and clarified.
“I believe, I can pray. But I do not. There is…”
He was struggling to express what the language had not developed enough to properly say, abstract concepts, and growing frustrated. Green Baron signed.
“There is a problem. Therefore, I do not pray.”
“Which is?”
Again, the Soldier had no words. He tried.
“The city. The bad city. It is there. It should not be. It is bad. It should not be. I am angry. I cannot pray.”
The bad city. Hectval. Pawn hesitated. He saw Green Baron clench a fist.
There were not enough words. Not for ‘Hectval’ or the true emotion in his signing. The Soldier looked at Pawn—and he saw the other Soldiers’ heads rise.
“I know. But—Olesm led an army against them. We fought. We have killed them. Liscor has suffered.”
“But they have not.”
Now, Kevin2 rose. And the others stood. Pawn looked at them.
“We killed the Drakes. You were there, Green Baron.”
“Yes. It is not enough.”
Not enough, was a Mrsha-gesture. Like gobbling but stopping halfway, as if finding a bowl empty. It did not fit this sentence or meaning. Pawn’s head bowed.
“I have cursed them. They are far. If their armies come, the Antinium will defend Liscor.”
“It is not enough.”
“Many things are wrong in this world, Green Baron.”
“Is it enough for you?”
The gesture was angry. The Soldier was showing rare emotion. He stepped forwards, as if to confront the shorter, smaller Worker. Force him to look at his words—
“enNouGh?”
