8.01
Page 19
There was guilt there. Guilt and sadness. That was the conversation, though. A blank Armored Prognugator’s voice, and the wavering, then firming decision of the [Priest].
That was then.
 
—-
 
Now.
The bells began to ring. Olesm Swifttail was still arguing with the Council over the proposed draft. He did not like it any more than they did. But what other options were there?
“Another funeral?”
Alonna murmured. But then she looked up. Someone was blowing a horn. Jeiss shot out of his seat.
“That’s a Preventative Alarm. Olesm—Watch Captain—”
“What now?”
The Drake whirled. They listened, looking in the direction of the horn blasts. Tismel took cover at his desk, eyes wide.
“An attack? Hectval again?”
“That’s not outside the city. It’s coming from the direction of—the Hive.”
The three Drakes looked at each other. Zevara was out the door in a shot, the other two behind her. The rest of the Council followed.
 
—-
 
People in Liscor’s streets were streaming away from the warning horns. Even if they did not know what it was, or how to read the calls, they knew what a horn blast meant.
Someone was blowing a whistle, shouting for reinforcements. That was Watch-signaling. Olesm listened.
It was—off. He suspected something horrible. A monster coming through the Hive, perhaps. Or an Aberration?
But the sounds weren’t as urgent as an actual combat-alarm. They were what Jeiss had called them—a Preventative Alarm. ‘Come quickly because there might be trouble. Or soon will be’.
What was it? Citizens of Liscor who were braver, or more foolhardy, turned to see when monsters or trouble didn’t immediately materialize. Some who knew the signals watched at a distance.
They were the first to see the Antinium emerge from their Hive. Not just one or two. The shout raced through the air, down the streets as Olesm ran.
“It’s the Black Tide! They’re coming out of the Hive! Thousands!”
“Oh, Ancestors—”
Zevara’s eyes went wide. She whirled.
“Olesm—get to your last resort position. Your emergency spells—”
“It can’t be. Not today. Not—”
Olesm had the same thought. She pushed at him.
“I’ll see! Just get in position! Jeiss! Get the rest of the Council back! This—”
This could be the scenario the Walled Cities had warned them about. Olesm couldn’t believe it. He would have believed it more last year. But this one?
Yet the Antinium had left their Hive. In such numbers to make Liscor’s citizens shout their other name.
“The Black Tide of Izril is marching! Run for your lives!”
A Gnoll ran screaming across the street. And that began to start a panic. Olesm turned on his heel. If only Erin—Lyonette? Who could stop them if it came to…?
“It’s almost like she’s here.”
Ahead of him, Zevara remarked in a soft tone. Olesm looked back. Before he could run to the safe spot where he would be able to hold off even an overwhelming number of Antinium with the Watch before detonating every spell—it was too late.
Shouting spread down the street. People, some screaming, but most sounding—surprised? Confused? Or even something else.
Olesm looked back as the Council stopped. He felt the ground shake, from massed footsteps in perfect unison. He tensed as he saw the first ranks of the Soldiers, marching down the street. The…shining…armor?
Here they came. Eight abreast. Huge Soldiers, Workers with bows. But something was wrong. Olesm’s eyes widened. The Soldiers in front were wearing armor.
Plate armor. Specially-engineered armor to cover all parts of them. No breastplate for Humans or Drakes or Gnolls, but Antinium-forged metal. Steel and iron.
