8.01
Page 34
Zeres. This action has been approved. We are in the middle of her entrance. Busy, Manus.
Manus to Zeres. Please halt Magnolia Reinhart’s arrival until the Walled Cities have come to a decision.
Zeres to Manus. Are you serious? How?
Fissival to Zeres. Confirm this isn’t an invasion? Fissival to Oteslia, are you certain this is not a surprise attack?
Oteslia to all. Magnolia Reinhart is travelling to Oteslia. 
Pallass to Oteslia. Was Oteslia aware this would occur? 
Oteslia. Standby.
Pallass to Oteslia. Not funny. Was this planned with the First Gardener or is this Magnolia Reinhart’s initiative? Oteslia, confirm.
Oteslia. Standby.
Zeres. Reinhart incoming.
 
—-
 
A fleet was approaching Zeres’ harbor, spread out on both sides. Like…a procession. Not all were warship-class. But in the distance, the largest of the vessels was slowly moving forwards.
“That’s…the damned Velistrane.”
Someone breathed in the watching crowd. The famous warship. As Drassi heard—and the audience of the world from the excited Drake [Mage] reporting—
“…the largest warship ever built by House Reinhart. A relic from the Colonization Wars—of course, the Humans of Izril have a different name for their war of aggression. It has participated in hundreds, hundreds of naval battles and been sunk three times—each time repaired and refitted. The Velistrane is of course famous for having sunk a Dragonship in naval combat in a two-day running battle. As first impressions go, this is both a show of force and spectacle from Magnolia Reinhart, perhaps an attempt to reclaim her damaged reputation—”
That was background chatter, interrupted by the boom of drums. Multiple enchanted drums in fact, hit in near-perfect synchronization from multiple ships.
[Captains] stood at the prows of their ships, flanked by…servants? Yes, the iconic [Butlers], [Maids], and so on of House Reinhart. They sailed into the harbor in a rough inverted-‘V’ formation, leaving a single path for the mighty warship.
“Is this a show of force, Merri?”
Drassi was asking, leaning over the desk at the glowing image; she was in a corner of the broadcast.
Ulvama was gobbling popcorn; other leaders were watching. The view switched back to the excited Drake.
“The Velistrane might be—at least, as a symbol of the Five Family’s might. However, we’re seeing the first ships approaching and—dead gods, look at that!”
Lights began shooting up from each vessel as the servants raised wands. A lights-show, magical fireworks blooming.
Some were fireworks as those from Earth knew them, simple magical explosions to awe and amaze. But what a poor use of illusion spells. The real magic was the magical animals that were called into being.
They leapt off the decks and raced across the surf, even making sounds. A gazelle leapt past the orb, golden-yellow, showering sparks of light as it struck the cobblestones. Drake children gasped and reached out as the harmless illusions swept off the decks.
“It’s like the very best of [Illusionists]! Well, Magnolia Reinhart seems to have decided Zeres will have a show with her arrival! And look at that! If you want a symbol—here’s one!”
Four dozen [Servants] armed with wands were pointing towards the central display of lights. There—the audience gasped and looked up.
A Dragon flew through the skies. Glowing red, fiery. It circled overhead as the combined illusion created a vast magical illusion. Becoming realer.
Fiery light turned to scales. The Dragon flew as lesser Wyverns and other flying animals like Rocs appeared overhead.
