8.01
Page 37
The arguing voices interrupted the silence as the capital ship drifted closer. The woman stood there, perfectly poised, arms outstretched, welcoming. As if she were the figurehead.
The ranks of silent people on each side of the ship. The two Admirals in the harbor eyed them, tensing. It couldn’t be Magnolia Reinhart; this was a bad spot to put the head of one of the Five Families. One stray [Sniper] could kill her.
And it wasn’t Magnolia. The woman had actually very few passing resemblances to Magnolia aside from…gender? And the pink dress. She was taller than Magnolia, and yes, heavier-set. From afar you could confuse them only so long.
But then the Velistrane was slowing, moving even slower to the docks. And as the silence stretched out—the woman moved at last. She opened her mouth.
And began to sing.
 
“Through storm and Kraken’s Pass, do I see the shore at last?
Standing tall amidst the waves?
Where Dragonsail flies, my harbor remains.
Zeres, City of Waves to shelter me~?”
 
It was an operatic voice. The kind of tone and…lungs that even Crowdcaller Merdon would respect. Not just sheer lungpower, but Skills.
The [Singer]’s voice echoed across the harbor, rendering mute the Admirals, the Drake [Marines], even the squabbling Drakes on the television.
It was a deep, commanding voice. But also, so lovely. And she’d done the entire first verse at full-volume and in one breath.
“Now there is a singer I respect.”
So said the [Popstar] of Terandria. She was watching, jotting down the lyrics of the song with a free hand.
But she needn’t have bothered. Merri gasped.
“That’s—that’s—our city’s…anthem.”
The people of Zeres stirred. It was indeed. And now, as the first verse echoed, the opera singer, the woman on the prow of the Reinhart’s famous warship, was joined by a swell of…song.
The shadowed people on deck were illuminated by more lights. They were revealed as a cellist set bow to instrument, delicately perched on a seat from the middle of the warship. More accompaniment—but the true cavalcade of song came from the massed voices.
Hundreds of [Singers], a choir lined up on each side of the deck joined the lead singer as the music swelled again.
 
“I shall sail to world’s end and carry my head high
For I have seen my Ancestors fly.
Each land I pass by, each sea I travel
Leads me ever to my glorious home.”
 
They were singing Zeres’ anthem. At first, the people of Zeres couldn’t believe it. Noass and Sir Relz were trying to say—something—but Drassi was delighted.
You could argue the coin throwing. The Dragon conjured by illusions. But this? This was blatant. Patriotic. More than one Zeres [Soldier] and [Sailor] clapped a claw to their breasts and joined in, despite their officers hesitating.
Part of why it was so hard to deny the…laudation of Zeres were the lyrics. The choir sang on, in perfect voice, a massed voice—so inspiring to hear when done with their level of skill.
 
“No city shall compare to Zeres’ sights,
No glories safe but the ones I leave behind
Oh come, travellers, and [King] and [Queen]
And speak jealous of where I have been.”
 
At this point, some of the audience from afar began to listen to the words. Drassi blinked. Noass and Sir Relz stopped fighting.
“What did they just sing? That’s their national anthem? That can’t be Zeres’—wait, have you ever heard their song, Sir Relz?”
“I don’t make a point of listening to other Walled City’s anthems, Noass. Er—is that actually what they sing?”
