8.01
Page 9
“Oh, yes, my Queen. Better to know the enemy which we fight. I say it is good. I agree. Let Pawn continue down his path. I think the Free Antinium are far stronger now than they have been. A worthy addition to the Hives of Izril. Do you not?”
She looked around. The Free Queen nodded, and so did the Prognugators.
“Of course their combat-efficiency is much improved.”
Pivr. Tersk and Dekass, with the latter speaking in his stilted, somewhat obnoxious voice.
“Our presence assures the Armored Queen’s approval.”
Lastly, Xeu. She hesitated, rubbing her scythe-blades together with a faint sound that made all the Antinium’s antennae vibrate. She opened and closed her mandibles, her elongated, scuttling, alien form of the Silent Antinium hesitating. Then she spoke.
“Of course the benefit is observed. I shall communicate the Free Antinium’s potential to my Queen.”
Xrn smiled.
“Excellent! Then I will consider this matter closed. All is quite well.”
Except of course, that it wasn’t. Pawn bowed his head as the Free Queen dismissed them all. He sensed the other Antinium avoiding him as they left. Look at me, the monster. Look what I’ve done, for all I preach about Heaven.
And yet, it was still there. The potential to be unleashed, like a hundred thousand Aberrations squirming in his heart, compressed together. 
Let us out. Let out your wrath. Summon us. Summon worse.
This was what a [Priest] was? Power to unleash what was in his heart?
Pawn began to fear it. Because he knew himself.
 
—-
 
Someone else who feared what he had become, what he had done, stood in front of the map and the Council of Liscor. His tongue felt heavy in his mouth.
He had not slept, not truly, with nightmares or terribly dark sleep. But he stood here, and he had worked these last four days, not despaired.
He had no time. When this was done, he told himself, as he handed out the dossiers, he would sleep. He would sleep and…and Erin would return.
But in the interim, he spoke.
“We are at war, Councilmembers. I am aware Councilmember Krshia is indisposed, as is Councilmember Raekea. However, we cannot wait for their return from the Meeting of Tribes. I am asking you to vote and authorize the following expenditures for the Watch and the city. Immediately.”
“War? Strategist Olesm? Hasn’t there been enough?”
That came from Councilmember Zalaiss. Formerly semi-exiled. Now…with a worrying amount of power since two of the Council’s majority-votes were lacking. It was still Lism, Elirr, Jeiss, Alonna, versus Tismel and Zalaiss. But they just needed one of the Council to waver to have a split vote.
Even then, Zevara would be the tie-breaker, or Olesm himself. But he spoke to all of them as they sat grave, quietly reading.
Was that accusation he saw on their faces? He deserved it. He deserved it all.
Erin was dead because he was careless. Maviola, because he was a fool.
He should have dragged the army back. Ordered Moore and the other hotheads to be restrained. He should have…
“Yes, Councilmember Zalaiss. As I said, Liscor’s army has sent back three more companies to augment the city’s defenses. Three hundred [Soldiers] and commanding officers, plus some reserves to replenish Commander Embria’s forces. However, they will be weeks away at best. But that is not enough. We are in a state of war, and immediate steps need to be taken.”
“And the army is not…returning, Strategist Olesm?”
The quiet voice came from Lism. He looked at Olesm over the report. Olesm shook his head.
