8.01
Page 41
The Sharkcaptain heard her.
“Gifts or not, artifacts are taxed if they are meant to be exchanged.”
“But I will not receive anything in return.”
“Goodwill could be considered an exchange.”
The Admiral of Supply kept his face blank. This was petty—Zeres didn’t do this for other people. Nor, if they kept to this implementation of the law, would they be one of the most active harbors in the world.
He’d argued against. But the Serpentine Matriarch? She was what was politely called ‘petty’ at times.
Magnolia Reinhart eyed the spear blocking her servant’s path.
“I do not believe other [Merchants] or [Captains] need pay a tax on gifts, Femar of Zeres. Is this a new rule or will it be applied across all ships from now on?”
His eyes narrowed. Asale stepped in before he could respond.
“I believe the Serpentine Matriarch’s will extends only to such notable events as these, Lady Reinhart. As she phrased it—an appropriate measure of tradition for a Human family with old ties to the Walled Cities.”
That was one way of putting it. There was laughter—and this time at Magnolia’s expense. The crowd, who was marginally on her side, didn’t seem to think this was too much to ask.
Magnolia Reinhart on the other hand? Asale didn’t like her smile. Femar was happy. But he had failed to notice what Asale made a point of noticing.
She wasn’t surprised by any of this. And he didn’t like that one bit. That meant she’d planned around this. And you know what they said about Reinharts.
They always laughed last. Usually over the dead corpses of their enemies.
“Femar, this really is troubling. I had intended to be on my way within, well, five minutes ago. But a delay to inspect, not to mention calculate the worth of all the objects I am carrying? Why, I don’t think I brought a big enough purse, do you, Ressa?”
Magnolia admitted after a moment. The [Maid] shook her head.
“One imagines the value to be considerably difficult to transport in a bag of holding, milady, even a tax.”
Femar’s eyes glittered. The other Drakes looked eager.
“Well, we can always arrange partial payment. Say, one or two of the artifacts? Never let it be said that Zeres isn’t willing to bargain to make sure everyone’s satisfied!”
He threw out a huge arm. More laughter. Magnolia looked up at him.
“Indeed. But you know, Femar…”
His eyes snapped back down as her aura pushed at his. He glared at the use of his name. Magnolia’s smile developed an edge. And she looked around for Merri and the scrying orb.
“I am rather disappointed. I come here in peace and goodwill, as you saw. I rather feel I bent to show my respect for Zeres. This hardly seems in keeping with my gesture.”
He opened his mouth. She went on.
“However, you are right. We have such old ties. The Velistrane reminds me of that. If you would like me to answer the Matriarch’s will as she presents it through you—I would be willing to do so.”
Her eyes glinted.
“But I am quite good at games of economics. It is one of my two strengths.”
The laughter and chuckling died out. Femar’s eyes narrowed. Slowly, he planted the butt of his spear on the ground.
“You stand in Zeres, Magnolia of House Reinhart. If you want to try something, go ahead.”
“Femar.”
Asale murmured, but his friend was too angry to listen to reason. Magnolia Reinhart smiled sweetly at him.
“I never thought you’d ask. Well then. For Zeres, the City of Waves? I rather did not want to do this. But it seems a traditional city like this requires a traditional reply. Reynold.”
She looked past the Sharkcaptain. Asale’s neck-spines itched. He turned—
And saw the pole.
