8.01
Page 21
“You are not Armored Antinium. You are not mere Soldiers or Workers. Each of you who chooses this—you will leave your Hive. You will march under sky and star. None of you may return. I pray you all will. But you will go to fight our enemies, risking your lives so that more might survive. You are more than any Antinium that have ever come before.”
They looked up at him. The first rank of Soldiers knelt. And Pawn blessed them. He named them for what they were, in the silence of his mind, as he had named them below.
[Crusaders]. More than [Knights]. Warriors of faith.
So once—now again. The Council of Liscor looked on. Olesm, Zevara—
“What is this?”
The [Strategist] spoke, in a strangled voice. He approached Pawn, hesitating. And the [Priest] looked at him. Belgrade knelt at the head of the force. He rose and joined Pawn. The [Tactician] gazed at Olesm as if confused that he did not see it. He gestured at the Antinium.
“Liscor’s army. We are part of Liscor too. And we cannot forgive.”
The blue-scaled Drake was speechless. The Council horrified or…
A Worker with silver antennae stared at the kneeling Antinium. Shocked. Uncertain. For this was change. Each one to their choice.
But what was the right choice? The armor shone brightly under the sun as if it meant something. And they looked grand, mighty, terrifying, impressive, hot, depending on whom you asked.
The future was simply uncertain.
 
—-
 
The world quaked. Or so it felt some days. The Antinium marching could certainly make you feel as though the ground were shaking.
However, their appearance was…half show. Belgrade made that clear to Olesm.
“We will be joining the army as volunteers. We would like training in weapons, please.”
“Training?”
The new ranks of the Antinium armored in faith…and actual armor…were impressive. However, Olesm realized something crucial that would be missed from afar.
They had no idea how to actually use the weapons they were carrying. Maces, shields—he saw them holding them just a bit off, or experimentally swinging the weapons. It was an army with a lot going for it. Antinium morale, nigh-unbreakable. Quality arms and the ability to take commands that Olesm had wished the ragtag Liscor army could have had in the fight with Hectval.
But no actual weapons training. That grounded him.
“We’d have to put them through training. Guard-training—at least the week’s crash-course. Along with any other new recruits we get.”
Someone commented. Olesm’s head turned. He rubbed at one earhole. Jeiss.
“Um, what, Jeiss?”
“If we add them to the army.”
The Senior Guardsman was watching an Antinium swing a sword with a pained look in his eyes. The others were watching the poor imitations of thrusts and cuts. For that matter—they had four arms. The cycles of attack and defense were completely different for Antinium.
It was a [Strategist]’s equivalent of the blacksmith puzzle. A delightful avenue of possibility and optimization. But for an Izrilian [Strategist]?
“Jeiss, you must be mad. We can’t add them to the army! It would outrage every city in—in the world!”
Alonna barked. She was horrified. The Senior Guardsman however, had a different take.
“We need an army. Here is an army. It’s not like we wouldn’t call on the Free Antinium if Hectval besieged us.”
“But that’s not the same as enlisting Antinium [Soldiers]. For that matter—Belgrade! There are around three thousand Soldier Antinium standing there!”
“Yes. Do not worry. The Free Hive will be amply defended in their absence.”
