8.01
Page 26
She was still young. For a Dragon. A hundred and twenty three years. Eighty more until she was a ‘young Dragon’, and equivalent to a Drake who had earned her majority, a full adult.
Rafaema thought Manus didn’t understand that child or not, a century plus of time made you older than most. But then—she’d also met Cire. And he was a perfect argument for why that wasn’t so.
So the High Command began to effect their plan vis-à-vis Liscor. Without Rafaema. She was included in decision-making, they listened to her, explained their thinking.
But she wasn’t one of them. Not yet. So the Dragon had begun her own plans. She needed to be more than she was.
Her first action had been to investigate Liscor. To learn why it was changing. And it was…
A complete failure. Rafaema ground her teeth as she found a private place on the walls and retrieved her speaking stone.
“Ferris. Report. Ferris. I am going to murder you.”
What had happened? She’d thought she was doing it all perfect. Suborn one of the minders assigned to watch over her. She’d chosen the best—Ferris. Get him to retrieve the Human so Rafaema could understand how the Antinium were changing.
He’d arrived in Liscor, posing undercover, and told her he was reconnoitering. He’d identified the Human—Erin Solstice. Said he was going to make contact and try to retrieve her.
And then? Delay. And then? Just a bit longer. And then? Conflict of targets—perhaps it’s this other Human and the ‘Crazy Human’ is a front. All this while an army invaded Invrisil, and Rafaema was hearing of strange new devices coming from Liscor, Pallass losing Pelt the [Smith] to some Human city of Esthelm.
And then? Whoops. A Hectval raiding party shot and killed the Human target. Ferris had been quiet after that. Wisely, perhaps. But if he returned to Manus without picking up the speaking stone?
Rafaema would throw him off Manus’ outer wall. She did not make false threats.
It seemed like he’d refuse to answer his speaking stone for the third day in a row. Rafaema ground her teeth. She knew that at this range, even the most expensive speaking stones she’d…acquired…from Manus’ vaults only gave them a short amount of speaking time before needing to be recharged. But all he’d said was he’d ‘update her on the situation’ three days ago.
Then nothing. She was about to storm off and review the Meeting of Tribes—she was curious about that—when the speaking stone sputtered to life.
“Rafaema. I can’t talk long.”
“Ferris? What in the name of the Ancestors is going on? You have some explaining to d—”
“I was in the custody of Pallass’ own infiltration agency until about two weeks ago. Pallass’ Eyes. I’m on the road now.”
Rafaema’s eyes widened. Pallass’ Eyes were to their city what Ferris was to Manus.
“How? I gave you instructions to lay low and contact that [Innkeeper]!”
There was a growled response; muffled voices in the background. Ferris shifted the position of his speaking stone and the voices grew more muffled, his clearer.
“Yes. And guess what? Grand Strategist Chaldion himself visits that inn. I tried to make contact, but I couldn’t entice the [Innkeeper]. I gave it all I could.”
“You failed. Didn’t you offer her a free tour? Incentives?”
The Gnoll [Infiltrator] growled at Rafaema. She blinked at the stone; his professional attitude from when they’d first met was fraying.
