8.01
Page 4
“He really did quit! I know this shop and street! It’s never looked this nice! Did they replace the floorboards? They’re light! They used to be gray-brown! And the sign! I didn’t know this place was called Carrotgrass Emporium! That’s—that’s an objectively hilarious and weird name, right?”
Drassi was blown away. Ishkr just shook his head.
“So that was why he quit. Well…”
He was about to say more when he heard the voices. Some of the other [Shopkeepers] as well as customers were inside the shop, talking with the owner. Miss Pelessi. Drassi knew her; Ishkr did not.
This was a Drake neighborhood; he shopped from Gnolls, locally. But he peeked in with Drassi and heard the conversation.
“Pelessi. That’s an Antinium working in your shop.”
A Drake was pointing bemusedly at Silveran. He was restocking the shelves. He jumped when everyone looked at him.
The owner of the shop, Miss Pelessi, widowed, and now the sole member of her family, had known better times. And worse times. She blinked around the light store as if she was just as surprised as everyone else. But she leaned on the counter, and gave the Drake a look.
“So, Erils? Does that statement have a tail on it or are you leaving it hanging?”
The Drake considered his words. Drassi nudged Ishkr.
“Erils. [Appraiser]. For rocks, not other stuff. Local miners go to him.”
“How do you know him?”
“I’m Drassi.”
The [Appraiser] hmmed.
“Well, it’s just—it’s an Antinium. Not to say that it’s wrong to employ Antinium…I’ve known plenty of folks who live in a home Antinium have made. Never fallen on their heads. And some do butcher’s work. I even know they break rocks for very reasonable money—but it’s an Antinium.”
He let the statement dangle. Everyone in the shop except perhaps Silveran knew what was meant, anyways. The Drake frowned.
“And?”
“And…I’m just observing, is all.”
Erils was unwilling to commit further on the off-chance this was a trap and he was a mouse dancing on the bait. Pelessi huffed.
“Well, observe how clean my shop is! He showed up yesterday—and it’s not ‘an Antinium’, it’s Silveran. One of the Painted ones.”
“Ah, right. Them. Well—you hired him?”
“That’s right. I don’t have more…tails to work in my shop.”
Instantly, the other Drakes coughed and looked at Erils. He bit his tongue.
“No, of course not. And if you wanted help, my boys could have—”
“Worked for how long?”
“Er…”
Pelessi gave him a defiant look, and the local neighborhood at large.
“I hired an Antinium because he cleaned my floors and shop and offered to come back. Seemed surprised when I asked if he wanted a job! And he came by at dawn to fix my supplies, cleaned up everything—I thought I was being robbed! He even fixed that mouse hole in my room! Ate the mice too, I think. Well, good for him.”
The others murmured. It was hard to deny that the shop looked better than it had yesterday—or for the last fifteen years, for that matter. One of the Drake [Shopkeepers] nudged his daughter.
“I wish you woke up and did a tenth of that, kid.”
She glowered at her father, whom she was apprenticing to. Erils nodded at Silveran.
“So he’ll be your employee? Which is fine, obviously. I was just asking.”
He looked around, hunted. Pelessi sniffed.
“Yes. I could hardly afford to hire an [Assistant]. But Silveran asked and he wants work so—yes. I’ll pay him properly, though! And he’ll get breakfast, lunch, even dinners he works for me. I feel like he needs such things, too. Silveran—that’s his name—will work until he falls down if you let him. And he’s less than one year old. Just a—a boy.”
“A year old?”
