8.01
Page 35
“Dragons for the Walled Cities. Is that a nod to the Walled City’s history—or—a taunt? This is Noass—”
In the corner of the screen, Noass tried to fight his way into the broadcast. Drassi began shoving him off.
“It looks more like a nod of appreciation to me! And this is my segment—oh, the ships are drawing close to harbor!”
Indeed, they were docking at the berths, each ship perfectly fitting those in place. From his tower, Asale was making notes.
Trade ship, The Redsail, check. Former Pirate’s cutter, Marevong’s Mead…check…
Some were trade-ships, probably hired for the occasion, others vessels belonging to House Reinhart. As they drew to port, the wary Zeres forces clustered at the docks. [Soldiers]—or rather, their naval equivalent—[Sailors] and [Marines], ready to fight.
But the servants weren’t armed for war, unless you counted the wands. They were instead poised, dressed in black and white. As the ships smoothly dropped anchor, they moved as one.
Illuminated by the lights, the servants bowed. They were Human, without exception, at least, the front rank. They gracefully knelt or curtsied. Then lifted their hands and began to toss something down towards the crowd.
“Flowers?”
That was Drassi’s first thought. But it wasn’t flowers. There were cries—and someone distinctly shouted ‘ow’! But then shouts of glee.
“It looks like they’re throwing silver coins into the crowd! Wait—I see gold too!”
Merri scrambled for a coin and produced a fat gold coin. That broke the harbor’s silence. The crowd might have not been all on board with Magnolia Reinhart, but suddenly everyone wanted to grab some money.
“Is she—trying to—buy—affection from proud Drakes—”
Noass fought onto the screen with Sir Relz. Drassi grabbed the magical microphone and began to kick at them.
“I’d rather have that than flowers! Why are you determined to be so negative? Oh, and look at that!”
The [Servants] at the railings throwing coins, and yes, some flowers continued to do so as others fulfilled roles under the cover of the [Darkness] spell. Which became obvious as they were illuminated.
Lanterns began to glow from the ship’s port and starboard sides on both sides of the harbor, illuminating the way down the center like…well, an arrow. The servants on the sides not facing the docks held up the lanterns or wands, standing to attention.
The drum beats began to intensify. And then suddenly—ceased. In the sudden silence, people looked up, even stopping squabbling for the coins for a second. Merri, caught off-guard, was still shouting.
“This seems to be as dramatic as the Reinhart family is said to be at times! A show of goodwill! Oh. Sorry. A show of goodwill, if the coins are any indication. What’s the symbolism? Reinhart paying her way into Zeres? The Dragon is most certainly a nod to the Walled Cities, but the Velistrane is inbound. And that’s the other, closed hand of northern Izril’s might. Or so one assumes…”
Here it came. The mighty warship, aglow with magic. So vast that it was in a class of its own.
 
—-
 
“The Velistrane.”
Asale, the Admiral of Supply, stood before the Serpentine Matriarch. She had summoned him, and the other leaders of Zeres, except for the Admiral of the Harbor and Admiral of the Navy, who were in the harbor in case this was a sneak-attack.
“One of the last great warships the enemy possesses.”
The Drake who sat on the not-throne glared at the image. Her fingers twitched as much as her tail.
“I could destroy it here and now and rid Zeres of it once and for all! If we unleashed all the harbor-spells—”
