8.01
Page 33
The First Gardener had invited her. And perhaps she felt it would be a first step, a tentative one, between North and South. Perhaps she felt it should be small, but it had been momentous just achieving one meeting.
Another might not come again. It would not be easy a second time. So, if that was the case—
It would be a visit to remember. Magnolia Reinhart sighed.
“I would never fit in with the House of El. Because I hate spending money. Wasting it, rather. But if it is to a purpose—”
Her eyes glittered.
“You might as well do it properly.”
 
—-
 
The people of Zeres looked up as the booming drumbeats sounded across the water. They had already noticed the empty harbor and people had been jesting at the Admiral’s expense about the rare mix up.
Now…they saw boats approaching the harbor. The watch towers came alive with voices.
“We’re sensing multiple—multiple illusion spells incoming. Identified as [Darkness]—”
“Multiple ships on approach—the Serpentine Matriarch is asking to confirm. Magnolia Reinhart inbound…?”
“Admiral of the Supply confirms. This is on-schedule and approved! Stand down. Stand down!”
“The Admiral of the Fleet—”
“The Matriarch demands we—”
“Stand down by order of the Admiral of Supply!”
They were barking at each other as, in the scrying orb, an excited [Mage] was talking.
“Yes, Drassi. I think we are seeing Magnolia Reinhart’s fleet at a distance! Zeres appears to be partially caught off-guard, but I understand the harbor has been empty all day. What you’re hearing are drumbeats from those ships. And—oh! We’re seeing [Darkness] spells covering the harbor.”
Indeed, the air was going dark as multiple spells filled the air. It sucked away the light, and the citizenry not near the bay definitely noticed that. They began heading in the direction of the most light; the approaching fleet.
Now, the television was showing dozens of ships approaching the harbor at full-sail, glowing with colored mage-lights. The [Mage] breathed.
“This will be the first time in living memory that a member of the Five Families steps foot in the City of Waves. The second time that Magnolia Reinhart has walked through a Walled City! One for the history books, Drassi.”
“This is such an amazing moment, Merri. Thank you for covering it!”
The Drake [Reporter] was covering the event live from Pallass. She had kicked Sir Relz’s chair off-screen and she was clearly enjoying every minute of it.
And then—ah. When you put it like that. One for the history books. You began to understand that it could have been a moment without fanfare or notice.
But Magnolia Reinhart had decided it was not.
 
—–
 
Walled Cities in conference.
Manus to Oteslia. We are aware of Magnolia Reinhart requesting travel permissions to your city. We were not informed of any entry-display to Zeres. Zeres, please confirm this is happening.
Oteslia. Magnolia Reinhart’s approval was acceded to by all six Walled Cities. Nothing has changed.
Fissival. This is on the news. It is being declared a landmark event, like Reinhart walking on Pallass’ walls. ‘First of the Five Families to step on the Walled Cities in generations.’
Pallass. Magnolia Reinhart did not ‘step on Pallass’. Retract statement, Fissival.
Manus to Zeres. This event was not agreed upon. Zeres?
Salazsar. We’re online. What’s happening?
Oteslia. Magnolia Reinhart is simply travelling by way of Zeres.
Fissival to Oteslia. We’re counting at least twenty, maybe thirty ships approaching. That is not ‘travelling’. This is a spectacle!
Oteslia. Calm down.
