8.01
Page 7
It looked around and everyone drew back. Pawn himself. He felt afraid of his own creation, and he knew it was his creation. But the azure Antinium’s staff was raised, and even the summoned Antinium seemed to flinch away from her.
Xrn, the Small Queen. She watched with the rest.
“What…is this, Xrniavxxel?”
At last, the Free Queen asked. Xrn studied the Aberration. Her chitin armor, azure, unique, glowed with the light from her staff and eyes as she approached slowly.
“Something new, my Queen.”
That was her only answer at first. Pawn saw her step forwards; so did Yellow Splatters. The [Sergeant] was wary, afraid. But the huge Antinium—a full inch and a half taller than any other Soldier—was not about to risk Xrn being attacked.
She would not be. The aberration shuddered, but it did not track Xrn as she stepped around it. After a moment, she looked at Pawn.
“You can order it, can’t you, Pawn?”
“Yes.”
The [Priest] whispered. Xrn nodded. The other Antinium stared at him and he felt it again.
Change. Because those stares were laced with horror. Fear, where once he had never felt such emotions from the other Antinium. Belgrade, Purple Smiles—Garry was hiding in his kitchen.
He did not, could not flee from the gazes, though. So he stood there. Letting them all witness what he had conjured in the depths of his hatred and despair.
Aberration. Xrn pointed slowly.
“Can you…order it to climb that wall?”
A short wall of stone rose out of the ground. Dekass shifted; the Prognugators of other Hives had all drawn their weapons. He, Tersk, Pivr, and Xeu watched as the Aberration trembled there. Then—suddenly bolted for the stone wall. They readied themselves, but the Aberration clambered over it, and then came to another stop.
It was what Pawn had ordered it to do. Slowly, Xeu crossed her scythe-arms, relaxing a fraction. But she stared much as the other Antinium did.
Unsettled.
“I—I ordered it to move, Xrn, my Queen.”
Pawn’s voice was faint. Xrn nodded slowly. Of the rest, she seemed calmest. Just interested and wary as opposed to horrified.
“Good. That is what I thought. Can you make it…use that hammer?”
“On…?”
“Nails, I suppose. Does anyone have nails? Or wood?”
The other Antinium susurrated. A Painted Worker hurried away. In the silence, Pawn looked at the Aberration. And knew it was his. But what relieved him was perhaps only…that it was not an agent of some underworld, some dark place.
He hoped…it was just a delusion. A figment summoned by his power. There was no mind there. But either way, it was what he was.
[Doomspeaker Priest]. He had known his class’ goodness. Its hope. Now, he was leveling and understanding the fullness of what he had become.
So gaze upon my miracles. Know the power of my belief. What is good, and what I can give. And also know my wrath.
 
—-
 
Thirty minutes later, Pawn knew what [Summon Aberration] did. He had watched the trembling Worker—then another, so there were two—go through an obstacle course of Xrn’s design. Try—and fail—to use other tools. Then kill each other.
The glowing forms vanished. Xrn stood in front of her audience, and recapped brightly.
“They are akin to a [Summoner]’s creations. But without the need for a catalyst. More temporary, yet ultimately expendable, renewable. It appears Pawn has now achieved a fourth discipline into this field. Fifth? Sixth? Let’s see…”
She started counting on her fingers. The Free Queen snapped her mandibles together.
“Explain, please, Xrn of the Centenium. We are not all as skilled in matters of magic as you.”
The Centenium looked up and bowed slightly.
