8.01
Page 3
“In a sense. We’ve—Lyonette—let go of most of the workers. Paid them, but told them it was unlikely the inn will be seeing much business.”
“She didn’t ask you to keep it running?”
Drassi was surprised. Ishkr shook his head. She should have, but neither one could picture it. That was why the Players were leaving. Who could drink and make merry knowing just behind the garden’s door lay Erin?
“No. But we have some permanent staff. I’ll be employing…my sister…”
“Liska. She’s nice.”
“No, she isn’t.”
Ishkr groused. Drassi smiled; that was as close to a lie as she ever told. She didn’t know Liska that well, though. That also helped.
“She can at least sweep up. But Lyonette told me to keep the Antinium employed; they don’t have other jobs. And the [Lords] might want to trade…the door’s not being used, but she asked me to start the regular portal services soon.”
“Oh, right. Good idea. So what’s the problem? Don’t tell me one of the Antinium’s called in sick.”
She laughed. Ishkr cleared his throat.
“Actually—he didn’t show up for work. Or rather, he did, but—he handed in his resignation this morning. Silveran has quit his job.”
Drassi stared at Ishkr so long she walked into a wall. She bounced off and stopped.
“You’re joking. H-hah. Good one, Ishkr! I never knew you had a sense of humor!”
He blinked at her. The [Reporter]’s smile faltered. She reached for her side, and produced…a notepad.
“Now this is news. Tell me everything.”
“I don’t know what there is to tell. He informed me he had found other work and left. I asked him why, and he directed me…well, this way.”
 
—-
 
As always, the world was changing. But it seemed that sometimes it turned faster. So fast that you could be sent flying if you didn’t jump with it.
Even the Antinium, now?
They found the Worker with painted, silver antennae sweeping up the shop front. He tried to hide behind the door when he saw them coming.
Ishkr and Drassi stared at the shop’s front. You wouldn’t have noticed the shop’s sign yesterday. Because it had been so worn and faded no one would have really seen it. But someone had climbed up, cleaned the frontage, then reapplied paint and varnish.
Carrotgrass Emporium. As names went…Drassi’s brow wrinkled as she stared up at it. She stared at the display and understood.
“Oh, a grocery.”
In fact, a quite well-stocked grocery. The glass windows had been shined, polished, and fresh produce was on display. Someone had gone through, replaced all the missing price tags, organized everything by produce type—there were carrots, as promised, actual grasses (the edible kinds)—and more. In fact, the shop had a supply of customers coming in and out with small purchases.
Perhaps just from the novelty of the change. But the truth was—cleanliness was appealing. This shop stood out on the street from the hard work that had been put into making it so nice.
Not to mention the Antinium. Ishkr and Drassi traded a look. Reflexively—they looked around. Because this?
This was the Solstice Effect. Trademarked, copyrighted, if such things existed, and stamped with The Wandering Inn’s official seal of madness. Ishkr longed to hear that familiar voice and laugh—
But there was just Silveran. He was the architect. And he looked very worried.
I am sorry. He signed at Ishkr before hurrying into the shop. Ishkr scratched his head.
