8.01
Page 31
Femar of Zeres, Sharkcaptain, who had more scars on one arm then Asale did on his entire body, grinned. He carried the weapon of his station, a barbed spear. Enchanted—made of some seafaring monster’s tooth and viciously sharp and deadly.
“Don’t be so upset, Asale. I’ve come to save you from being killed by her. Have you not looked out the window?”
Asale turned his head. He had an unparalleled view of Zeres’ harbor from his tower—and threats by land. A huge glass window let him stare out across the City of Waves, and it could survive a Tier 6 spell’s impact without so much as cracking the glass.
Still, this was not a job for those with vertigo. He glanced down.
“I hate heights. What am I supposed to be seeing, Femar?”
The Sharkcaptain stared at his companion. He gestured.
“The harbor’s empty.”
So it was. And for Zeres, the largest harbor in all of Izril, only matched by First Landing for scale and business, an empty harbor was…incredible.
Oh, there were ships docked. Zeres could accommodate armadas, and it had its own standing force. A navy that could go claw-to-toe with any in the world, or so they boasted. But so many berths were empty. And they were always in rotation.
“Someone messed up. There are ships waiting to dock and [Captains] screaming that they want to unload their cargo. But someone filed the wrong schedule and the Admiral of the Harbor is going to have your tail! Well, it is her job. But both of you are going to have her on your tails.”
Captain Femar was gleeful at having caught Asale out. It was more like a childish rivalry than any actual malice.
“Tell you what. I’ll distract her and no one needs to know—if she hasn’t looked out the window already and seen what’s happening. You can buy me drinks later.”
He began to saunter out the door, already thinking up ways how he could drag out Asale’s inevitable embarrassment. The Admiral of Supply stopped him with a word.
“Why?”
Femar turned.
“What do you mean, ‘why’? The harbor’s empty!”
“As it should be. I don’t see anything wrong with my schedule.”
Asale indicated the list he’d tacked to a wall, in plain view. Femar, astounded, strode over to it and stared.
“Each berth’s filled. But there are no ships there. Asale! I can see ships waiting to come in.”
“Yes. And we’ll wait a bit longer before they do.”
Something about the way Asale said it made Femar look up. He narrowed his eyes. The necklace of giant shark’s teeth he wore dangled as he leaned over.
“Asale…?”
“You might as well tell the Serpentine Matriarch we are expecting rather significant guests in…”
Asale checked the light-clock he had near his desk. It showed the position of the sun in the sky in real-time, and calibrated itself to a specific time based on that. Tuned to the heavens.
“Within the hour. Within four minutes, actually, if everything’s on-time.”
“What? No one told me!”
Femar was astounded. The Admiral of the Supply sat back down. He looked up. And his gaze was orange—orange irises that were disconcerting when he really looked at you.
“I know. The other Admirals don’t know either. You may tell them now, Femar, that Magnolia Reinhart bought those berths, so they’re hers to do with as she pleases during her time slot. Although she should be arriving shortly.”
The Sharkcaptain rubbed at one earhole. He must have gotten some seaweed in there.
“You mean…Magnolia Reinhart as in, leader of the House Reinharts who is our enemy?”
“She’s coming by way of Zeres to Oteslia.”
“And you didn’t tell anyone?”
“No.”
“Why?”
