8.01
Page 27
“You sent one agent without backup or resources to get an [Innkeeper] who has Hobgoblin bodyguards, multiple Level 40+ individuals staying in her inn, and a Named Adventurer and the Grand Strategist of the south staying in her inn! Pallass’ Eyes detained me and I was helpless until—the incident with Hectval. Are you aware of…?”
“Yes.”
Rafaema relented a bit. She was willing to admit mistakes had been made. Maybe even by her.
“We’ll discuss the matter. You’re returning?”
“No. That’s what I’m contacting you for. Mission achieved—partly. I’m enroute to Oteslia. With a Human. Four in party. Be advised—names are Lyonette, female, late teens early twenties. Wilovan, Gnoll. Early forties, late thirties? Unsure—tall hat. Ratici—”
Rafaema blinked. her memory was close to perfect, but—
“Slow down. What? What Human? The [Innkeeper] is dead!”
“Not dead. On ice. Perhaps alive. Listen. Do a check on Wilovan, Ratici, Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. Criminal group. I couldn’t get them to Manus, but they’re heading to Oteslia. And—”
“Hey Ferris-guy! Are we going or what?”
Rafaema heard a loud voice. And then a snap of someone hitting Ferris on the shoulder. She blinked. She’d heard that voice once on a memorable visit from Pallass to Manus with Grand Strategist Chaldion. It couldn’t be—
“Right away, Sir Saliss. Just…taking a break.”
“Leave him alone, Saliss. Five more minutes to stretch our legs, Ferris?”
“Absolutely, Ma’am!”
The Gnoll’s voice was cheerful, if harried. Rafaema heard shuffling. When next he spoke, it was quietly.
“I think he knows who I am. But I haven’t been outed. I’m in the company of those three. And…Saliss of Lights.”
“Why?”
Rafaema stared blankly at the stone. Ferris sighed.
“You wanted the Human responsible for Liscor’s inciting incidents. Well—one’s under a kind of stasis. But I have a [Princess] of Terandria, Lyonette du Marquin travelling to Oteslia on business. I may be able to convince her to head to Manus after this. I’d need actual funding, though…does that satisfy?”
The Dragon’s mind was racing. She raised the speaking stone and heard a tinkling sound. She stared at the speaking stone. There was pointed silence on the other hand.
“…Yes. Yes, it does. Good work, Ferris. I can…use this. There’s no need to convince this Human to go to Manus, either. There’s a way for me to meet you in Oteslia.”
They both knew roughly how. Ferris grunted.
“The High Command will have my tail for this if it gets out.”
“They won’t. This is what I wanted. Just get them there and I’ll meet you. Don’t let Saliss of Lights know who I am.”
“I won’t. He knows I’m from Manus if he has access to Chaldion’s network. But I never let on who I was. To him, I’m just an agent of Manus. I have to go. We’re moving. Miss Lyonette! Are you ready to—”
The speaking stone cut out. Rafaema was left standing there. And now…well, she hadn’t gotten what she wanted.
But she had something. Her eyes narrowed. And Saliss of Lights? He was actually an important figure in Izril. Named Adventurer. Two reasons, then. It outweighed the bad, and frankly, she had resented that last High Command meeting. She was still a child to them and it was clear she hadn’t been needed.
But this? Luciva would have to acknowledge actual intelligence about the Hives. Or more. And…well, it had been a long time since she’d been out of Manus. Her Walled City, both beloved and a cage, wore on her.
All of this was reason enough to outweigh the one good reason not to go to Oteslia. Rafaema sighed and made up her mind.
 
—-
 
