8.01
Page 2
The Players of Liscor and Celum left the inn. Drassi stood there, waving from the threshold of the portal room as Temile bowed before stepping through to Invrisil. She watched the others walk down the hill through the main door. They preferred to walk, as if it mattered more than just going through the magic door.
It probably did. Drassi sniffed as they were gone.
“So it’s just Hexel, now. His assistants, Montressa, Palt, Bezale, Mrsha, that new Hobgoblin, Ulvama, Numbtongue, Bird, the Humans…not many at all.”
Ishkr nodded. Counting the seven Humans, it was still over ten. But the inn felt even quieter now. Drassi looked at him.
“How’re you doing, Ishkr? I haven’t been…around.”
“I saw you on the news. You have your job.”
She flinched, bit her lip and her tail drooped along the floor as if she was guilty.
“Yeah. Sorry.”
“You’re doing something. My sister actually asked me to get your autograph. Besides. There’s nothing to do…here. Not much. Imani cooks food. I just sweep now and then.”
The Gnoll knew that wasn’t quite true. But Drassi accepted the lie with a smile.
“I can sign an autograph! You know, people are asking me for them? They’re crazy!”
“You don’t have to for her.”
Liska would just run her mouth off about it and Ishkr didn’t need her bragging or getting more excited. But he still told Drassi how to properly spell her name. The Drake was happy to do it.
Then they just stood there. Ishkr tucked the autographed cardboard into his belt pouch. Drassi looked at him.
“So how are you doing?”
What was he supposed to say? My employer is dead. The other one has left for Oteslia. I’m left in charge of caring for Mrsha—who won’t eat or move, despite Imani and Selys trying to talk to her. No one comes in here and but for the portal door, this place is empty.
“Fine.”
She nodded a few times. After a moment, Ishkr raised a paw and scratched at his chin.
“Well, actually…there is one thing I was curious about.”
“Oh? Can I help? I’m free today. Noass and Sir Relz keep cutting my working timeslots anyways. I’m pretty sure that’s what they’re doing. I’d love to help, if I can.”
She studied him. She’d badgered him into having an after-work drink a few times. Drassi was one of the co-workers who brought everything in her life with her. Ishkr had accepted, because she was genuinely friendly. But he could see why she’d been fired before. And why she was clearly headed on a different career path from his.
“Perhaps. I was just going to go into the city, actually. To check on someone.”
“Who? One of the staff? We can head over right now…”
They walked through the portal room. It too was empty. It was meant to be guarded; now, the only two guards were the Brothers. Two of them stood in the hallway each hour of the day. All night too, it seemed. Waiting. They took food and drinks, but they were clearly only here to…kill someone. They scared Ishkr.
When Erin was alive, she wouldn’t have accepted that. They would either be welcome guests, slowly absorbed into the inn, or gone after half a week. Right now, though? He just let them stay.
The two walked into Liscor, talking. Bells still rang for funerals. But most had ended. The city was silent. Tensed.
“You know, we’re still at war with Hectval. People are saying the Council might even consider conscription.”
“For war?”
Ishkr’s fur rose. He didn’t ask how Drassi knew. She talked to everyone. The Drake hastened to assure him.
“It’s unlikely. But—well, it’s not over. So who’re we meeting? One of the staff?”
