8.01
Page 30
Now to someone without levels. A rarity in this world. Not so much in others. Someone who had…chosen to refuse what was seen as natural.
Asale sat in his office in one of the huge towers that some called the ‘Fangs of Zeres’. From afar, the Walled City, southernmost of those on Izril could be seen, a circular harbor with the famous walls encircling it. The harbor was in fact, a vast gateway that could be closed if need be.
And Zeres was unique in that it faced two fronts, rather than prepared for enemies on all sides. Land and sea, and had changed its city to adapt for both eventualities.
Zeres, the City of Waves. Ruled by the Serpentine Matriarch—well, her and the Admirals.
Multiple admirals—that was their title. Drake command being what it was, one could not have a leader in one of the multiple areas be subservient to a mere [General]. So they were thus Admirals—and this Drake was Admiral of the Supply.
Asale of Zeres. Noted, famous, infamous? Because he had no levels. Also, because he’d risen to one of the highest positions a Drake could hope to achieve despite that.
‘Admiral of the Supply’ was one of the posts that was somewhat ironic. He was in fact, essentially a [Quartermaster] for the entire city. Again, without the Skills that normally accompanied such a position. Still, Zeres’ High Command seemed to agree that Asale made up for the lack of Skills someone else in his position could provide. And he was still an Admiral…of the supply.
He had the smallest office of the High Command. Which was still big. He was busy doing paperwork; he also helped manage all the imports and shipments of goods, and was thus almost as important as the Admiral of the Harbor.
Admirals. But it was wrong to think that Zeres just has [Admiral] as a stand-in for [General]. To prove that point, a jovial foot kicked the door open.
“Aha! You’ve done it now, Asale! The Serpentine Matriarch is going to have your tail! Hah! Everyone’s shouting confusion from the docks and who’s to blame? This Drake!”
The muscular Drake who stormed into the room smelled of salt and sea. He was Sharkcaptain of Zeres—another post unique to the City of Waves.
There were the Admirals of Zeres. The Serpentine Matriarch. And her champion—the Sharkcaptain of Waves. Other posts of course, but Zeres was unique in that it had the Serpentine Matriarch.
Not a [Queen]. The Drakes were very staunch about that. No Walled City had royalty per se! But the Serpentine Matriarch was rather unique. Drakes hated being compared to Lizardfolk. And yet—they had the Serpentine Matriarch. Because if you were going to have a ruler who compared themselves to serpents and thus snakes and thus Lizardpeople by proxy, she might as well be the Matriarch.
It was rumored her lineage had connections to the Ancestors of Drakes…only not the ones you were thinking of. Rather than Dragons…Wyrm. Indeed, the Serpentine Matriarch had a rather long tail, a genetic tell along with other features. It ran through Zeres, some subtle differences of different heritages.
But the Sharkcaptain was a hereditary post, who was appointed because he was the fighter the Serpentine Matriarch chose to represent her—and accompany her. Personality and a talent for battle went hand-in-hand—not necessarily grand strategy. Hence the ‘captain’ bit. It differed from Sharkcaptain to Sharkcaptain.
In his way, he was as important as an Admiral of the Supply, though. And he was positively beaming with smugness as Asale put down his reports.
“What is it this time, Femar?”
