8.01
Page 10
“They are engaged in their contract. Furthermore…they would be willing to return, but only if the war escalates. And they would have certain requirements if they did.”
Such as taking over for the Council of Liscor. Lism nodded.
“And if Liscor would be sacked or razed by the Hectval-Luldem—whatever the hell that Ancestors-damned alliance is?”
His tail lashed furiously. Olesm cleared his throat.
“I believe the army is convinced the walls as well as the Free Antinium would prevent a siege from ever taking the city. They are…content to allow Liscor to resolve the issue beyond that.”
They would rather see the Hive burn first. If he had not ordered the Black Tide to fight—perhaps. But the responses had been clear.
“I see. Does the alliance have the ability to take our walls?”
“With an Antinium army plus our Watch? I don’t think they have trebuchets.”
Jeiss muttered. Alonna nodded. It was rare for a properly-maintained Drake city to fall to sieges. The walls were too high, the enchantments too strong.
“In that case—why this extraordinary budget, Strategist?”
Alonna looked kindly at Olesm, but with a shadow over her face. The city still mourned the dead. Olesm wore white clothing. He shuddered.
“Because, Councilmember Alonna, the Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem alliance will do anything short of sieging the city, and I would not put it past them to engage in a wider siege cutting off trade or food to the city if they can effect it. We are at war.”
A timid, clawed hand. Tismel flinched as Lism glared at him, but he raised his claw nonetheless.
“But both sides have lost considerably from this last conflict, Strategist Olesm. Isn’t it enough?”
Olesm just stared at the head of the Cobbler’s Guild. Stared, until Tismel looked very uncomfortable. He saw similar looks from Alonna and even his uncle, though. Not from Jeiss or Elirr. They understood.
“Councilmember Tismel. It is true both sides have suffered.”
Hectval not enough. Olesm swallowed that.
“…But it is not an end to war. We have not signed a declaration, or asked Hectval’s alliance to. And nor would I suggest that. We are at war, still. And Hectval will be moving against us soon, if they are not already. We are at war because we are Drakes. And we do not let matters lie. Not when blood has been spilled. If we were Human or Gnoll, the answer would be the same. But especially because we are Drakes. No, it is not enough.”
A silence fell over the Council after that speech. Olesm closed his eyes a moment, swaying where he stood. Once, someone had talked about consequences. She had said to a foolish [Mayor], so incredulous—of course. Of course there are consequences.
“War. How long has it been since Liscor was, individually, at war with another city?”
Lism looked around. Alonna’s lips moved.
“We’ve fought with the north as a whole, we skirmished with Esthelm when the city was first founded, but even that was nigh on a century ago…the Bloodfields overtook the pass south for a long time, and was stifling travel before that.”
“Centuries, perhaps. What do we do? Can we even fend off an attack if Hectval comes at us?”
Zalaiss looked around. Elirr hadn’t spoken; the sole Gnoll remaining on the Council was just looking at Olesm. And he looked old, and tired, and worried. But he tapped the paper and attracted the Drakes’ attention.
“I believe Strategist Olesm has all the answers.”
Olesm bowed to Elirr.
