8.02
Page 39
The Gazer’s five eyes swung from target to target, moving them by force of…something. The four adventurers were joining in.
Venaz was vibrating. Merrik was staring at the female Dwarf, frowning.
“I swear I know her. How many female Dwarf adventurers in Izril are there? Venaz, are we just going to stand here with our beards up our asses?”
“No! Dead gods! For the House of Minos!”
Venaz charged into the fight. Peki and Merrik grinned. Although—at this point it wasn’t clear whom the Minotaur was fighting. It was just a brawl, and as Tkrn could have told you, at some point the reason behind it was lost.
The Gnoll staggered out of the fighting, spitting blood and feeling as though he’d cracked at least one finger. He looked around for Inkar and staggered towards her. Something began to pick him up, lifting him into the air—
“No! He protected me!”
Tkrn was dropped. The Gazer shifted her attention away. Inkar rushed forwards.
“Where’s Oor?”
“Who? That guy? He’s—”
Either enmeshed in the fighting or out of it. Tkrn looked over his shoulder.
The fighting was still making its way towards her. Some of the Decles Gnolls were rushing past them towards the Gazer and Tkrn and Inkarr. They passed some older, female Gnolls.
“It is Inkarr! She’s in trouble! Go find Chieftain Eska! Or Deskie! Now!”
A Gnoll exclaimed. One went bolting through the crowd. The Decles Gnolls passed the weaving circle Inkar had made friends with—
One of the [Weavers] grabbed a Decles [Warrior]. She was twenty years older than he was, but she put him in a chokehold and two more went down and the older Gnolls began kicking them.
Tkrn was laughing even as he towed Inkar away. It was—he looked at the young woman. She was different. But it reminded him of her.
Chaos for the right reasons. Merish yanked Gnolls away from Viri as the Lizardman insulted his opponents, hopping away.
“Where’s the Human? I—”
Someone charged into him and punched the Gnoll. He howled and knocked his opponent flat.
“The Human’s not here! Back away!”
He snarled at his smaller opponent. The Gnoll with white stripes on his cheeks hesitated, his paw raised to strike.
“What Human?”
Merish stared at him.
“Why are you here?”
“We heard there was a good fight!”
The Gnoll grinned and punched Merish—then regretted it.
 
—-
 
Venaz was carefully demonstrating the superior fisticuffs of the House of Minos. He was aiming for the Steelfur warriors, who were a proper fight, when he saw an old Gnoll walking through the brawl.
Instantly, he snapped out of his fight-mode.
“Old Gnoll! You! Honored elder! It isn’t safe!”
The Gnoll was short for his kind—closer to five foot five, which was a short Gnoll. He was gray, as old as the oldest Weatherfurs Venaz had met. The Minotaur blocked the combatants as he tried to steer the old Gnoll away.
“Safe? Ah, it’s a fight. A fight. Good…”
The old Gnoll looked around. He was naked except for a single, very traditional, loincloth. He looked at Venaz.
“Minotaur. Excellent.”
He grinned. Venaz stopped. His internal warrior’s senses were tingling. He saw the Gnoll’s eyes open wide—and then his teeth bare themselves. Venaz saw veins stand out under the old Gnoll’s fur—then tendons.
Then the Gnoll’s eyes developed that spark of…rage…that Venaz recognized in Minotaurs. His body seemed to convulse. And was—he suddenly taller? Like, an entire foot taller at least?
“Ah—elder. I don’t want to—”
Too late. The old Gnoll [Berserker] grabbed Venaz’ arm. And the Minotaur suddenly had serious reservations—
 
—-
 
“Did someone just throw that Minotaur?”
