8.02
Page 32
But it was. One of the Gnolls pointed as the ball was thrown a bit clumsily back.
“And what did you call this? Wait—I’ve seen it on the television the Drakes broadcast. It’s called…”
“Based ball. One of my kin from the cities gave us a set of the playing tools. We’re playing a game.”
“That sounds like fun. Entertainment for the Meeting of Tribes! Have you seen the Foot The Ball game?”
“We have one of those too!”
“Really? But I heard it was all the way from Liscor! Is there a tribe that’s gone that far north…? Or has someone figured out how to make those balls? The ones with the black and white dot-things?”
Gnolls were congregating to a new activity. And it seemed the tribe putting on this impromptu game and providing the tools was…Silverfang? Inkar wasn’t up to date on all the tribes, but she knew this was a bigger one.
And it was status, status, even for providing free things. The Silverfangs were tentatively setting up a field with some Gnolls with more clothing explaining the game. The Plains Gnolls listened, some drifting back to the Meeting of Tribes, some willing to give this a shot.
Inkar looked at both games. And she knew.
Oh—she hadn’t actually seen the broadcasts. The Longstalkers had debated getting a scrying orb, but Eska had called it frivolous and their [Shaman] agreed. They didn’t need to stare at something all day—although Deskie had privately told Inkar that the weavers were going to buy a cheap one so they could work and watch!
But Inkar had not seen…anything…yet. Until a week or two ago she had thought she was the only person in this world.
Then she had seen the crashed airplane and known. Now? She saw the game and had another thought.
“Excuse me. Excuse me. Do you know this game? Baseball? Where does it come from?”
She began asking the other Gnolls around her, urgently. Most had no idea, but a watching person uncrossed his arms long enough to inform her in a slightly surly voice.
“Baseball. Comes from Liscor. It’s been on Wistram News Network. Liscor, again. We need to head there, Merrik.”
“Later. We still can’t move Yerra.”
“Hrmph.”
The Minotaur snorted. Inkar gave him a wide-eyed look, but thanked him, ducking her head. He nodded.
“Maybe I should try it. The swinging of that ‘bat’ seems very much my style.”
“Well, if I play, it’s going to be that. You’re not going to get me running after a ball all day. Peki’s down for it, though.”
The Dwarf indicated the Garuda, who was already joining the Gnolls kicking the ball around and listening to the rules.
“Tkrn! Will you help us explain the rules? I forgot how many players there are!”
A Gnoll waved at a younger one trotting across the ground. Inkar looked at the Silverfangs. It was unlikely they knew—there was not a Human in sight here. But she had to ask.
She walked forwards. And someone grabbed her roughly.
“That’s the one. Colorful garments—smells of animals. You, Human. How did you get into the inner camp?”
Inkar looked around. The Minotaur and Dwarf turned back. An angry Gnoll—in fact, three of them with an unfamiliar tribe’s markings were glaring at her.
“What? I—I wasn’t anywhere.”
Inkar lied desperately. She might have told the truth—but these were not friendly-looking Gnolls. They weren’t necessarily warriors either. They looked like camp-Gnolls. But angry ones.
“Liar. One of ours saw you in the inner camp! No non-Gnolls are allowed there! The Decles Tribe is going to find out how you got in. Come with us.”
One took Inkar’s arm in an unfriendly grip. She shook her head.
“No! I am with the Longstalker’s Tribe! Let me go!”
