8.02
Page 36
“What am I, a savage, Merrik? This is clearly a dispute over law. We’d be interfering in a serious way if we got involved. That Gnoll with the leg sweep is doing well.”
Indeed, it was three versus two, but the Longstalker [Warrior] and the Silverfang city [Guard] were holding their own. The three Decles Gnolls weren’t exactly the highest-grade trained combatants. And no one was throwing out more than a [Quick Strike] or [Leg Sweep].
A proper brawl. But only five contestants. The young woman was hovering, but wisely not actually joining in. All five Gnolls were fighting as more Gnolls abandoned the game or came over.
“What’s happening? Are they fighting? What’s the issue?”
Some of the Gnolls turned their heads, catching more interested parties up.
“Fight over a Human being where she shouldn’t. Those two are defending her. Silverfang and Longstalkers, I think—the other tribe’s Decles.”
“Hrm. And the Human broke the rules?”
“That’s what they’re fighting about. Hey, you want a pop-the-corn?”
A Silverfang Plains Gnoll offered some of his gift to the newcomer. The Gnoll snorted. He watched as Tkrn, bloody-mouthed, got one of the Gnolls in an arm-bar.
“You…are…under…arrest.”
The Gnoll wheezed. Another Decles Gnoll was on the ground, stunned or unconscious. Oor was beating down the third in a reversal.
Tkrn was reaching for his cords, which he did have on him. And he was wondering what to do next. He didn’t have Zevara or a patrol of [Guards] to help him haul the Gnoll off. He should just find Krshia, Beilmark, or a Silverfang and…
Someone broke the ranks of the circle of onlookers. Tkrn was restraining the cursing Gnoll. He heard a voice.
“Which one of you is Decles tribe?”
“Me!”
The two Gnolls on the losing end of things shouted. Tkrn turned his head. He saw a Gnoll with thick, almost metallic gray fur nod.
“Understood.”
Then he grabbed Tkrn and hit him with an uppercut that sent Tkrn flopping off the downed Gnoll. Tkrn stared at the sky for a second and then jerked. He sat up. The Gnoll with the strange fur was standing over him.
“What are you—”
The other Gnoll kicked at him. Tkrn rolled away. He saw the Gnoll advance—then pivot and kick Oor off the third Decles Gnoll. The two awake Decles tribe Gnolls jumped the Longstalker [Warrior] again from both sides.
“What are you doing?”
“Supporting allies. Steelfur tribe.”
The Gnoll cracked his paws. Tkrn scrambled up. He hesitated. Did he just say—
The other Gnoll lashed out with a much faster punch than the other Decles Gnolls. Tkrn dodged it and countered. His fist struck the other Gnoll in the jaw; the Steelfur Gnoll didn’t even try to dodge.
“Ow.”
Tkrn felt like he’d just punched chainmail. Spiky chainmail. He stared at the other Gnoll’s fur. Steelfur. Oh Rhir’s hells—
 
—-
 
“Now what’s happening? I can’t see. Give me a ride on your back, Venaz?”
“I would rather die. Another Gnoll’s joined the fighting. Seems to be on the side of the Decles tribe. He’s taking apart both of the other Gnolls. Well, it is three to two again.”
Venaz was commentating to Merrik and Peki. The Garuda was fluttering up.
“Steel fur. Not fair, not fair.”
“They’re losing.”
Venaz agreed. He was munching on some popcorn. He offered the Silverfang Gnoll some coins, but the crowd was passing around snacks.
“Isn’t anyone going to help the Silverfang? His tribe’s here!”
Merrik exclaimed. Some of the Silverfangs looked uneasy. They glanced sideways—
Seven Steelfur Gnolls looked around. They were watching the fight where their lone friend had joined in. Merrik sighed.
“Ah. Superiority by numbers. Good lads.”
