8.02
Page 28
Where was Oor? She was going to give him a hard time! Maybe she needed to find her way back to the Longstalker’s camp, or failing that, maybe move out of the inner area. Inkar looked around.
The problem was that there were very few easily-accessible high spots. The plains were flat. And Gnolls did not build up, but out. She frowned.
Then—she saw something peculiar as she scanned the sky. Was that…a bird?
It was not the Roc, the gigantic bird that could be ridden by multiple Gnolls, even before fully grown. But neither was it a proper bird. It was too large for that. Was that a bird…person?
Yes! The figure was flapping in the distance, circling, then descending. Inkar stared.
Garuda? She knew only one species in the world were native fliers—besides the Oldblood Drakes. One of them was here?
Oor forgotten, she headed in that direction. She had to meet one! She passed down the street, avoiding a tribe’s camp. The [Guards] were armed with some shiny metal—but a Gnoll was shouting.
“Demas Metal Tribe! We are accepting orders! Our Chieftain will talk to yours about the metal! No peeking!”
Inkar half-turned—but the guards in front of the tribe were frowning at her and she certainly couldn’t afford a commission.
Human. So she hurried on, and found the edge of the inner camp.
Perhaps it was wrong of Eska to have camped in the inner area. But her tribe was next to Ekhtouch and Greenpaw’s smaller contingent. A place of honor thanks to the Ekhtouch and it would have been wrong to abandon Greenpaw, who were really too small on their own.
Still, the inner camp was not for outsiders. Inkar saw some Gnolls with a distinctive ‘eye’ dyed onto their fur or armbands manning a kind of checkpoint. She gulped as she realized she was on the wrong side of one.
She didn’t know how they’d react. She knew they were Plain’s Eye—Deskie called them powerful traditionalists. And she didn’t want to cause trouble for her tribe and Chieftain. So…Inkar edged forwards. She strode towards the Gnolls idly waiting at the checkpoint and sipping tea—they really weren’t doing anything other than turning away outsiders. Before they noticed her coming up from behind she called upon the magic and—
Pop.
Inkar appeared past the checkpoint and a tent. A Gnoll jumped as she saw Inkar appear.
“Holy not-my-Ancestors!”
She exclaimed as Inkar appeared. The Waisrabbit cloth—expensive, highly prized—whispered in Inkar’s clothing. She’d used up the magic charge to hop a tiny bit forwards.
“Sorry!”
Inkar apologized. She rounded the tent as she backed away from the Gnoll and her companions. The Gnoll adjusted her spectacles, staring.
“That was so cool. Did you see that?”
She turned to her companions. Adventurers? The Gnoll was wearing spectacles, and there was a Human man next to her. Inkar blinked. Another Human! Then she did a double-take and stared.
Wait a second. His skin was dark—a bit darker than hers, and he had a different clothing style—a type of robe made of one piece of cloth looped around his body.
But he was…not Human. Not unless they looked like that movie with the monster made out of parts in it. His arms, his neck, his ears all had little stitch marks in them!
“Emper, did you see that? She just appeared!”
“I saw. Good morning, miss.”
The Stitchman replied. He half-bowed to her. Inkar caught herself bowing back.
“Stop being so impressed, Lehr—Lenna. It’s a minor teleport spell.”
That came from someone standing next to the Gnoll with spectacles. Inkar’s head turned. She saw a five-foot high…
