8.02
Page 13
Akrisa twisted her younger sister’s ear harder. Krshia yelped. And she had forgotten.
Firstly, that her sister had never been less temperamental than she herself could be. Second? She was an older sister. And some things never changed.
“You come here late, and you think I can just run over on all fours and lick your cheek? Twist my tail, Krshia! I am a [Chieftain] now! I have to establish you are returning and make you follow some traditions or let half the tribe accuse you of being favored! Which you are! You are mad that I made you show everyone the gift our tribe has labored for ten years to bring after you said it was exploded?”
“I told you we got a new one!”
“And there were weeks of the entire tribe fearing we had lost all! For that matter—you act like there is nothing wrong? What happened to the warriors I sent to you, hm, Krshia? What happened…to Brunkr?”
Abruptly, the fingers let go. Krshia leaned away—but suddenly her anger was gone.
“Oh.”
“Oh?”
Akrisa looked at her, almost disbelieving. Krshia hung her head.
“I—”
“If you say you forgot, your cousin will kill you. And she will have to find a way to turn you into a zombie, because I will kill you first.”
Akrisa’s eyes flashed. Krshia raised her paws.
“I did not forget, sister. I would never. It is just—another important person was lost to us recently. That is why we were delayed. We were grieving.”
The older Gnoll’s face flickered. Abruptly, her ire went out and she sat down.
“More death? Another Gnoll…? No? Either way—that city seems to bring death. So many. Not that the plains are ever safer. But Brunkr…Menoa mourns. I made her stay. But she will want to speak with you.”
“I brought his ashes and belongings.”
“Good.”
They sat once more. This time, Krshia didn’t take the silkap. She had…forgotten. Somehow, Erin had wiped the memory of it.
“Warriors to aid you—killed by Gazi Pathseeker before she rejoined the King of Destruction. Brunkr—lost to a Named Adventurer who turned out to be false. Regrika Blackpaw. Our kin, eaten by our foe thought lost to time, lost in battle with monsters from the dungeon. This is what I hear, Krshia. I have feared for you for the last year.”
Akrisa spoke now, directly to Krshia. The younger Gnoll hung her head.
“I sent word each time. But—it must have been harder to hear it.”
“It was. Time and again? Six times, the tribe asked whether your going was a mistake. Whether it would be best to travel to Liscor to bring you all back, rather than to leave you in what seemed to us to be death and danger. What is happening there?”
“Much. A dungeon, a…there was an inn. I cannot explain it, Akrisa. It is a longer story. And a sadder one. The Human I wanted to bring? She is…gone.”
Akrisa’s gaze darkened.
“More sadness. Krshia—”
She reached out. Krshia guarded her ear, but this time Akrisa just drew her into a one-armed embrace.
“I am sorry, Krshia. I am. We have much to say. It is just that I could not welcome you with open arms. Not after what was lost. You had to present yourself, and even then, I did not make you ask or wait upon my judgment. Some wanted that. If only to preserve my power.”
“What? Preserve it? Are that many trying to unseat you as Chieftain?”
Krshia blinked. Akrisa let go of Krshia and gave her a crooked smile.
“Aside from the usual malcontents, you mean, yes? Only one. And she sits across from me.”
Krshia’s mouth fell open in denial. Akrisa waved at it as she took some silkap and bread.
