8.02
Page 20
She dubiously inspected the glass jar as the others clustered around, admiring the glow.
“It’s acid. Don’t drop it! You throw it at a monster and they uh, melt.”
Dekava nearly dropped it and everyone dove back as she stared at the acid jar.
“This is a powerful weapon! This is your gift?”
She looked at him admiringly. Tkrn coughed. He felt he needed to be honest.
“You can actually buy them cheaper than you think. I also have some oil for blades, and um…”
Besides the other acid jars he’d bought from The Wandering Inn, he had oil for maintaining steel weapons, and the last thing he was sure the Silverfangs didn’t have. Dekava practically grabbed the long, flat box and sniffed it—then sneezed again.
“Another [Alchemist] thing? What is this?”
“Matches. You take them out, strike them and—you have fire! I thought it would be useful for someone without flint or tinder.”
“I should have thought of that myself. I’d forgotten they were cheap. Good work, Tkrn.”
Beilmark gave him an approving look as Dekava experimentally tried out a match. She struck it too slow the first time, but the second time it lit on the red stuff on the box’s side. She nearly dropped it into the match box, but then waved it about!
“It’s so fast! Faster than a flint and tinder and—hot! What is this? From Pallass? It’s new!”
“Don’t let it burn your fur! No, an [Alchemist] in Liscor made it! It was all the rage a while ago.”
Tkrn puffed out his chest, delighted at the reaction. Then he saw the other Gnolls storming over.
“Tkrn! Friend Tkrn, may I have a box?”
“No, me! I have to scout out and I’m sick of trying to start a fire when it’s wet and raining!”
“I want an acid jar! Great friend Tkrn—”
Amused, he was passing out his collection of goods when Dekava and the other younger Gnolls squabbling over his awesome gifts abruptly fell silent.
“Those are useful tools, both. Our cousins bring back much of use, Dekava. Perhaps it is so useful you would consider letting the older [Hunters] and [Warriors] inspect them?”
Tkrn’s head turned. He saw one of the older Gnolls, a senior [Warrior] by his dye and well, age, step forwards. He expected Dekava to argue. Her face twisted—but after only a second, she proffered both acid jar and matches.
“I would be delighted, Great Warrior.”
The other Gnolls who had fought so avidly over both acid jars and matches turned. Instantly, they offered their gifts to the other senior [Hunters] and [Warriors].
Tkrn’s mouth opened but he felt an elbow hit him in the ribs at once. Beilmark. He closed his mouth as he saw something peculiar take place.
The older Gnolls liked his gifts as much as the younger ones. So much so that they instantly put them in their bags of holding if they had them, or took a match box, remarking how handy it was if you didn’t have a [Shaman]. The younger [Warriors] looked longingly, but then they began to fight over the whetstones and blade oil—those that were left.
What was that? Tkrn looked at Beilmark. She beckoned him aside and whispered very quietly.
“More honored Gnolls get preference. Dekava gave up her gifts for the tribe. It’s customary. Don’t worry—she got something in return.”
What, exactly? But Tkrn already saw the Gnoll whom Dekava had given her items to, advising her on how not to wear down the whetstone and her smiling.
“Status. Now that brings me back.”
Jerci’s father had stopped smiling as much. He chewed on the same bit of gristle as he watched the younger ones fight over what was left. Tkrn looked at him.
“Mister Orrl…is that normal?”
