8.02
Page 14
“You have done too well. A year before? I could have welcomed you, the loss and accidents aside. Now? Councilwoman Krshia, who sits on a Drake city’s Council comes here. Some wonder if you are a Chieftain of the Liscor Tribe instead of a sister to the [Chieftain].”
“I would never—”
“I know. But they said it. That should have quieted them down. Just do say something before we eat.”
Krshia stared at her sister. She saw Akrisa sigh. Then look up. Unbidden, but in unison, the two began to chuckle.
“I’ve been gone too long from the tribes. Not a day back and it is all the same.”
Akrisa’s chuckle was more rueful.
“A bit. Some things have changed, but I did not upset the old ways of the tribe. Ah, Krshia. It has been too long. Sit. Tell me what needs telling before Cers scampers in. He will want to know all the stories—but some things must be told only to me, mustn’t they? Well, perhaps tonight with Cetrule.”
Krshia relaxed. Now—now she felt like she was back. The uncomfortable welcome began to make sense. And her own guilt? She remembered it.
Brunkr. It felt too long for how shortly ago it had been. She ducked her head—but more silkap was offered—and Akrisa got up.
“Some cheese! I have goat’s…unless Cers took it to snack on. Aha! There it is.”
She produced some crumbling cheese—and then a brie for contrast. And some baked yellat, and some wine. It was hardly the most expensive spread, but it was filling and tasty. The two properly broke bread now.
“There’s too much to say, Akrisa. Erin—I can tell you all her story. For it is a good one. But enough to let me say that I am a Councilwoman thanks to her. And that Liscor is a city with its own troubles. Vast ones. The Antinium…”
“Madness. The thought of you living with them under you? I still shudder.”
Akrisa shook her head. Krshia sniffed.
“They are quite nice. In fact—they have names. They are a people now, a proper one. Perhaps even allies.”
“You must be joking, no?”
“Not at all. But that is for you and Cetrule—even Honored Gnolls to hear. Let me think. For us two? Well…I am a bit mixed on how I feel, but I am a [Royal Shopkeeper] now. Level 33. And I have some interesting Skills there. A Level 11 [Councilwoman]—oh, and I leveled up in [Shaman] after all these years.”
Akrisa’s eyes widened.
“Royal? How did that come about?”
“Part of the story. I met a [Princess]—there is one living in Liscor. I did not write to you of that. But it is my hope we meet her, when we summon Mrsha.”
“The Doombringer? You wrote of that, Krshia. The [Longstrider Scout] I sent—Vvrow? He thought you were mad.”
She had sent Vvrow to coordinate things. He had been impressed by Krshia’s class—but perhaps that was one of the reasons Akrisa had had trouble. Krshia sniffed.
“White Gnoll-child. Not a Doombringer. I intend to prove that to the tribes.”
“Good luck. I cannot believe it myself—but I will listen! Do not give me that glower, Krshia.”
Akrisa took another sip of wine. Krshia sighed.
“She is a good child. A [Mage]! She learned magic from the book, Akrisa. It can be done!”
The Gnoll [Chieftain] coughed.
“Stop telling me things while I drink, Krshia. It is going to come out my nose. So many developments in one year! Because of that Human?”
Krshia’s face fell. Still—she waited as Akrisa took a longer draft of wine.
“I’m also sleeping with that Drake I wrote to you of, Lism. On the Council.”
Akrisa sprayed wine onto the floor and her fur. Krshia laughed so hard she fell over. Her older sister threw the empty cup at her.
“You little—you are mad! Mad and—Lism? I thought you wanted him dead!”
