8.02
Page 26
Eska was right to be worried. Because despite Oor assuring her it was fine and that he’d catch up in ‘five minutes, just as soon as I prepare a proper breakfast, yes?’ He did not. And an hour later?
She was lost.
Not metaphorically lost. Not spiritually lost, or morally lost. Just lost. Physically, among the countless tents and places of the Meeting of Tribes.
In theory she wasn’t. As Tkrn had observed, Inkar had seen the same; each tribe had their own grounds. The areas between the camped tribes was neutral space where everyone could walk.
The problem was—there were no signs. And she couldn’t just walk up to random Gnolls. Well—she could—but she was suddenly shy. Everyone was staring at the lone Human in the crowd! Inkar tugged the hood over her face. Like that, she was just a short Gnoll.
She wandered through the Meeting of Tribes, staring, smelling the delicious roasting meats, seeing a Gnoll breathing fire—and then run around shouting as he accidentally caught the hair on his face on fire.
Gnolls of every type were here. Artisans like Deskie, [Warriors], [Shamans]—
No, that wasn’t right. All kinds of Plains Gnoll were here. Few of the cities. Some came, but they were almost as much outsiders as Inkar. Twice, she saw Gnolls laughing at an ‘overdressed’ Gnoll who had a suit of all things, or a dress!
It was a culture unto itself, as fiercely proud of being nomadic as Inkar had known from home. City versus countryside. Old versus new.
She was content to wandering until Oor found her. But Inkar was lost. And getting more lost by the minute. The problem was mainly that…she didn’t have a good nose.
 
—-
 
Tkrn understood how the Meeting of Tribes was laid out. Similarly, while he’d have a chance to wander, Krshia impressed on him and the other younger Gnolls not to get lost.
“Remember the scents of the camps around ours. We are setting up our boundaries now, but if you get lost—try to find a similar scent.”
That was how they did it. Scent! No signposts—and why would they be needed among Gnolls? Each tribe was marking their area. Tkrn eyed the [Shamans] and Gnolls assigned to the task.
“Er, Aunt. I mean, Honored Krshia? How will we mark our area? By…peeing on the ground?”
Krshia’s head slowly rotated. Jerci stared at him. Dekava, who was tasked with helping guide the City Gnolls, laughed so hard she nearly threw up her breakfast.
“Bite my fur, Tkrn. Are you insane?”
Beilmark slapped the back of his head. She pointed.
“We’re using scents. What are we, animals?”
Indeed, the Silverfang clan was burning some incense in bags along the border of their camp. Spice and silver. That was their scent. It would be easy for Gnolls to pick it out from afar, even with all the other thousands of scents.
Tkrn rubbed the back of his head as the others made fun of him until they were released. Dekava was still laughing.
“Shall we explore the Meeting of Tribes together, Tkrn? Or would you like to help mark our territory first?”
She teased him. Tkrn glumly knew everyone in the tribe would hear of his idiocy by nightfall. He shook his head. Think of the fun stuff!
“I would like that, Dekava. Er—exploring the Meeting of Tribes! Not the other part.”
She laughed. He felt like he had two left feet around her. Why, oh why did he turn into a fool? Especially because he thought—
Tkrn was reminded of another ‘date’ he’d gone on, at his aunt’s insistence. With a young Human woman who’d come to the city just a month or two ago…
His heart sank again. Erin was like a shadow over everything. Sometimes he forgot for a moment. But it was still fresh.
