8.02
Page 40
The female Gnoll who had been wearing spectacles blocked a punch with her armguard. Some of the brown paint flaked off and revealed—instead of the disguised leather—a brilliant glow beneath. She punched back, then whirled.
Someone behind her! She raised a fist—
And Tkrn held up his hands, shielding Inkar.
“Stop, stop!”
The Gnoll looked at Tkrn. She blinked.
“Ah! It’s the Human! Get her to safety!”
“I’m trying! But it’s chaos!”
Even the nearby tents and stalls were involved in hundreds of Gnolls fighting. Even if that was only throwing things or cheering on their favorite tribe. The Gnoll adventurer grinned.
“Follow me! We’ll get you out! Emper! Where are…?”
“There! There is the Human who started this!”
A howl from the left. Tkrn and Lehra turned. Inkar, looking around for Oor, froze.
Warriors from the Decles tribe, including the original three. But this time—
They’d drawn their weapons. Tkrn groaned.
“Oh no. Escalation.”
The Watch knew this. Let a fight go on too long and eventually, if it wasn’t contained or just a spirited brawl, it turned ugly. Someone drew a knife. And that wasn’t necessarily the dangerous part. The dangerous part was—
“They have weapons!”
One of the [Shamanic Warriors] with Merish shouted. Instantly, he drew a steel throwing axe. The Steelfur and Decles warriors around him scrambled back. And they went for their weapons.
“No! Stop! No bloodshed!”
Someone cried that out. But it was too late. Ill will or the desire to fight had turned into real bloodlust. The Decles Gnolls advanced. Tkrn reached for the sword or baton he hadn’t brought—because the Meeting of Tribes was supposed to be safe.
“Stay behind me.”
“No, I’ll run! Don’t—”
“Stop.”
The female Gnoll adventurer looked calm. She blocked the way as the armed Gnolls advanced. They aimed their weapons at her.
“Move aside! We are Decles tribe and we will have that Human even if we have to draw blood to do it!”
They were beyond reason—and indeed—the inciting incident was too petty for this. The female Gnoll held her ground.
“No. You’ll have to go through me to do that. And you don’t want to do that.”
“Watch out! They’re not going to stop!”
Tkrn shouted at her. She just grinned at him. He heard more howls.
Silverfangs had arrived at last. Dekava had arrived with her spear, but that was just adding to the danger. It was going to be a battle!
“Enough! This has gone on long enough! By my authority, that Human’s under my protection!”
The female Gnoll shouted. The Decles Gnolls charged, heedless. Tkrn looked around for a weapon. A torch on a pole. A baseball bat! Something to save the suicidal brave Gnoll—
The adventurer raised her arm. And the flaking brown paint on her armguard fell off. The Gnolls staring at her saw a flash of light on a metal beyond steel. She raised her arm and shouted.
“In the name of the City of Stars!”
The gauntlet glowed. And then—the Blade of Mershi flashed. The Gnolls around her cried out. Tkrn shielded his gaze. And when he looked again, the Gnoll was holding a spear. Her body was covered in segmented, glowing armor.
The armor of stars. Drake armor. The last heirloom of the Walled City of Stars. The Decles tribe halted as Lehra Ruinstrider, Named Adventurer, lowered the blade.
Everyone halted. Merish, panting, shielding Viri. Venaz, Peki, and Merrik, as Feshi and some Weatherfur Gnolls halted, skidding forwards.
Krshia and Akrisa, with Beilmark and some of the Silverfang tribe’s best warriors.
Wide-eyed, Dekava, Tkrn, and the others turned. Lehra lowered the spear, looking a bit embarrassed. She scratched at the back of her helmet.
