8.02
Page 41
“Darn. And here I was hoping to keep my cover for at least a day!”
She laughed as her team formed up around her. A Gazer [Wizard], a Stitchman [Monk], and a Dwarf [Axe Thrower]. Members of one of the most famous Gnoll-led teams in the world, and one of the few Named Adventurers of her kind.
Stargazer’s Promise, and Lehra Ruinstrider, the [Magical Warrior].
The fighting stopped. Mad with rage they might be, but the Decles tribe wasn’t suicidal. Nor did anyone want to challenge the Named Adventurer. Not even Venaz. Tkrn, panting, saw more Gnolls flood forwards in the sudden silence.
“Is that Lehra? The Stargnoll?”
Chieftain Eska stared for only a moment. Deskie didn’t even stare.
“Inkarr! What happened? We heard the Decles tribe was kicking up a storm after you and came. Are you hurt?”
The old [Magic Spinner] checked Inkar over, and then the Longstalkers were surrounding her. Not just them; eighteen of the Ekhtouch and Chieftain Orelighn of the Greenpaw tribe was there with his people too.
“What is happening? Why are my warriors engaged in a brawl—”
Another Gnoll strode through the chaos. Krshia and Akrisa approached as Chieftain Eska looked up. Lehra turned and gasped.
“Chieftain Iraz!”
The Chieftain of the Steelfur tribe was one of the most famous Gnolls living, such that even Tkrn knew his name. And Steelfur’s might was founded on his Skills.
His fur looked like metal itself. And it was apparently tougher than even steel…sort of a misnomer for the tribe, then. Tkrn saw him halt.
Silverfang. Greenpaw. Longstalker’s Fang. And Steelfur. The Chieftains regarded each other in the aftermath of the fighting. And this too was familiar. Tkrn looked around.
“All you need now is a crazy Human to serve cake.”
He saw Inkar jump and look at him. Krshia stared at the slightly-dizzy grin on Tkrn’s face.
“What happened here? Lehra, those are my warriors you’re pointing your spear at.”
The Chieftain of the Steelfur Tribe was first to speak. Iraz looked at Lehra. The much-younger Gnoll looked guilty.
“Sorry, Chieftain Iraz. I didn’t mean to pick a fight with them. It was just—they were going to throw this Human out and I had to stop them.”
“Throw a Human out?”
Iraz’s brows came together. Instantly, the Steelfur warriors protested. They hurried forwards, clearly worried.
“Not that, Chieftain! We were coming to the aid of Decles, who were in a fight over custody of the Human who broke the Meeting of Tribes’ laws.”
“She did not!”
A howl came from the back. Oor stumbled upright, extremely battered but furious. Eska gasped.
“Oor! Who did this to you?”
“Those brutes went after Inkarr for being in the inner camp! Even though I said Ekhtouch and our tribe vouched for her!”
“And Greenpaw!”
Chieftain Orelighn added. Iraz looked around.
“Chieftains Akrisa, Eska, Orelighn. Are your warriors mixed up in this?”
“It appears so. One of our kin came to the aid of Longstalker’s Fangs. We just heard of it, Chieftain Iraz.”
Tkrn winced as Krshia and the other Gnolls glared at him. But not too long. Oor was still talking.
“They didn’t take our word for it. Nearly twisted Inkarr’s arm off and said that their tribe would decide things even after I told them to go to you, Chieftain Eska!”
“Is this true?”
The Decles Gnolls were off-guard and unhappy at the sudden change. They glowered, and one spat.
“The Longstalker warrior attacked us first! That Human was in the inner camp and we did exactly what we should have when one of ours spotted her!”
