8.02
Page 29
If she had stared at Emper, the String Man in surprise, her eyes nearly popped out of her head at the second person standing there. And her gaze was answered by five eyes.
The…the person was short. And she had five eyes. Had Inkar mentioned that already?
Three central ones. Top, left, right. Like a triangle, occupying most of her face. Nose? She had two nose holes, much like a Drake’s. But she was not…similar to Gnolls, Humans, String Folk, or Drakes, who all alternated on the basic humanoid shape.
For one thing, this person had oddly-segmented arms, fingers, and though Inkar could not see them, feet. An odd curl to her ‘fingers’ on each hand—and she only had four of each.
She was squat. Her neck, if she had one, was not one that allowed her to crane her head. That didn’t imply she wasn’t flexible; it was only that her head wasn’t the flexible part. Her lower body seemed to have far more articulation.
Her skin was a dark orange, neither fur nor skin as Inkar knew it. Call it a hide, then. But it transformed to a kind of green the lower it went down her body, in a striating pattern. Oh, there was more to add to her—she was as alien as Inkar had ever known. But the main thing were the two…tendril eyestalks looking Inkar up and down.
“Waisrabbit fur in her clothing. Very lovely stitching.”
The Gazer announced. The Gnoll snapped her fingers.
“So that’s what it is. I should buy some! Imagine me teleporting like that! Bam!”
“Grandfathers spare me from the thought, Lerh—Lenma. Whatever your name is.”
A short woman added. Inkar saw a Dwarf—practically the least interesting member of all four. Aside from the Gnoll, who wore a shining armband and…spectacles?
They were all wearing spectacles, Inkar noticed. The Gnoll adjusted hers and then nudged the Gazer.
“Suxhel. You’re staring.”
“Don’t touch me, please, Lemm. You know how much I hate it.”
The Gazer swiveled an eye-stalk without turning around. Her voice was mild. She did something odd—her eyestalks dipped rather than head nod or bow or anything else.
“Greetings, Miss Human. Apologies for staring.”
“No—I—I—I am pleased to meet you? I am sorry, I have never met…any of your people!”
They smiled at that. Inkar saw Emper turn to Suxhel.
“And she does not scream or run. I told you your fears were unfounded, Suxhel.”
“That is statistically one Human out of thirty eight, Emper. They have a poor track record.”
Emper, Suxhel, and the Dwarf woman held out a hand.
“Another Human at the Meeting of Tribes? I’m Elgrinna Geostrand. Pleased to meet you.”
“Inkar. I—are you a Dwarf?”
“Ah! Yes I am.”
The woman grinned. Meanwhile, the Gazer had discussed ‘how many good meetings’ she had observed versus poor with the Stitchman. The Gnoll was bouncing about.
“Do they sell Waisrabbit fur stuff? I want to buy some!”
She addressed Inkar. And her name was…Lemm? Lenna? Lenma? Inkar blinked and shook her head.
“No, this was stitched by the best [Weaver] of the Longstalker’s tribe…”
“Really? We should visit them, guys! Magic clothing for all! It’d help us get away from Niila and Lord Dragial every—”
All three of the Gnoll’s companions shushed her. Lemm fell silent guiltily and they all adjusted their spectacles.
…Which had no glass, Inkar noticed. They might have been magical, but she didn’t see any magnification in the places where the lenses should be.
“Where are they?”
“Inner camp, I think. Sorry guys—you can’t go in just yet. Chieftain’s talking about it—”
