8.02
Page 2
Many of the Gnolls riding in this group could be called that. Best [Smith], Raekea. Best [Guardswoman]—Beilmark, and another Senior Guardsman Gnoll. Krshia, the unofficial leader of the Silverfangs and Gnolls in Liscor and Councilwoman of Liscor…and so on.
And then there was Tkrn. [Guardsman]—not Senior Guardsman. And unofficially, that Gnoll who had nearly been fired for letting a group of Drakes and Gnolls nearly kill a prisoner, Calruz, and looked the other way while they tortured him.
…Fitting? Tkrn sat in his saddle. Erin aside, he didn’t feel like he belonged. Of course, he knew he was security—a good half of the non-important Gnolls were [Warriors], [Archers], [Hunters]—those who could escort the group the long ways here from [Bandit] and monster attacks.
But why me? 
It seemed to the young Gnoll that he was undeserving of the honor of representing the Silverfangs of Liscor. He had a black mark. In fact, he had a black page in terms of how close he’d come to disgrace.
Zevara had been on the edge of firing him for his conduct. Everyone else had been released from their duty as a member of Liscor’s watch, without bonus or pension or so on. Tkrn had been allowed to stay…
But he’d been demoted back to a rookie guard’s status, forced to work with the rookie patrols, and given unenvious assignments. He’d debated quitting with all the hostility towards him—but he’d stayed.
What else would he do? He already had the class and…it was what he knew. Fortunately, some of the Watch had at least talked to him, like the rookies. Jerci for instance—a new Gnoll [Guard].
She was riding with the group too, mainly because she had relatives in the Silverfang tribe and her mother, a high-level [Scribe], wanted her to meet them.
But Tkrn…he urged his destrier forwards as the group slowed to cross a bridge moving over a long river. The ancient stone path funneled the group—but he managed to slide ahead of the others.
“Aunt. May I have a word?”
Tkrn saw Krshia’s head turn. She looked…well, the same as ever. Tall—Gnolls were tall, male and female, with no difference in heights, brown fur thick, her eyes sharp. She was an expert [Shopkeeper], a former Plains Gnoll who had come to the city to work, and now a [Councilwoman] of Liscor.
The younger [Guard] had always known his aunt—twice removed—to be a leader of the Gnolls, ever since he was small. He barely remembered being a Plains Gnoll—he’d left when he could barely walk on two legs to go to the city of Liscor with his family.
But he did know that Krshia had been important in the Silverfang tribe. Her sister was the [Chieftain].
“Tkrn, what is it? Trouble?”
Krshia looked at him, brown eyes glinting behind her frown. Tkrn shook his head as his horse stopped alongside hers.
“No. Aunt—a word if you’re not busy?”
She hrmed, but nodded. They rode at the head of the group, as some Gnoll [Hunters] scouted ahead.
“What is it, Tkrn?”
“I—I’m just wondering what will happen when we reach the Gnollmoot, Aunt.”
She looked blankly at him.
“The what?”
“The Gnollmoot. Er…the Meeting of Tribes, yes?”
Tkrn corrected himself. Krshia gave him an odd look.
“Who would call it a Gnoll…moot? Who told you that nonsense, nephew?”
“Erin.”
Krshia’s ears drooped. Some of the Gnolls listening glanced up. It was hard to have a confidential conversation; normally Gnolls didn’t try to listen in, that was respectful. But every Gnoll knew that if you wanted to talk secretly, you dug a hole, cast a [Silence] spell, and then hoped no one was listening.
