8.02
Page 34
Reassured, the other Gnolls went back to the game. There was always minor stuff like that; even this morning, Tkrn had seen Akrisa break up a fight between the children of the Silverfang tribe. But his attention had been diverted. Then he heard the second shout.
“Stop! Help, help!”
He turned and dropped the bat. It was unconscious. In the outfield, Jerci’s mother, an avid player of the game, was warming up her glove. She saw Tkrn turn and go running.
He was a [Guard]. A member of Liscor’s Watch. He might not have been Beilmark or Klbkch-level, but there was one thing a member of Zevara’s force learned and that was that if someone called out, you ran.
[Guards] got paid to run towards danger.
Not blindly of course. Tkrn was already scanning the crowd. Looked like a classic brawl to you. And that was a female voice shouting for someone to stop.
It never occurred to him that he was out of his jurisdiction. Baseball had brought him home. So Tkrn bellowed, reaching for his side reflexively.
“City Watch! Out of the way!”
Gnolls turned and moved aside as he rammed through them. It worked—although their response was a bit different than Liscor’s citizenry.
“What did he just say? City…?”
Tkrn halted as he saw the scene. Zevara had taught him well.
Assess the scene for critical threats. Weigh the odds. 
It was three Gnolls beating on a fourth, with a young Human woman being held back by one as she tried to drag them back. By the looks of it, the Gnoll being knocked around had given as good as he got; two Gnolls had bloody noses and looked a bit battered.
But three versus one wasn’t an easy fight. And it was definitely this Gnoll receiving a classic beat down now. Tkrn strode forwards.
“Alright, break it up! City Watch! Who started it?”
The tone of command worked everywhere. The Gnolls and crowd turned. They stared at Tkrn.
“City Watch? Who are you?”
The one holding back the young woman blinked. And Tkrn remembered that he was not in Liscor. His authority wavered—and went out.
“Er—Silverfang tribe. You can’t just beat that Gnoll to death!”
He pointed at the Gnoll [Warrior] who was trying to swing dizzily. One of the Gnolls growled.
“Stay out of it! We’re Decles tribe, and this Human was in the inner camps! A Gnoll tribe brought her in! We didn’t start this either—that Gnoll came at us.”
Tkrn saw one knock the dizzy Oor backwards. He nodded—and unconsciously interposed himself between the fighting Gnolls. Oor stopped. And the crowd murmured.
He’d done it now. But the [Guardsman] in Tkrn was telling him to do one thing—his brain another. What was he doing? Krshia would have his tail. But he remembered what she’d said.
You did the right thing in the end. Next time, do it faster.
“I think he’s had enough, don’t you? Let’s all calm down.”
The Gnolls eyed him, but it was another skill that any member of the Watch learned. Reasonable tones got you a long way in a heated situation.
“Fine. We have the Human.”
“I didn’t do anything wrong! Oor! Are you okay?”
The young woman protested. Tkrn frowned. He was stepping on the edge, he knew, but he held out a paw.
“Hold on. What has she done wrong?”
“She was spotted in the inner camp!”
The leader was losing his patience fast. But the crowd was watching and he needed to justify himself—even if he clearly thought it was a waste of time. Tkrn looked at him.
“You have eyewitnesses? On what authority are you taking her?”
“Eyewitnesses? We’re not conducting some city-investigation! One of ours saw her and we identified her! We’re bringing her to our Chieftain. Stay out.”
The Gnoll snapped back. Tkrn tilted his head.
