8.02
Page 27
Dekava noticed the sudden slump but clearly pretended she didn’t.
“There’s so much to do. I want to see the Steelfur tribe and how much they sell their Steelcloth for. I don’t have much gold…does being a [Guard] pay much?”
“I wish. I haven’t been saving up so I can spend like…a gold piece, at most.”
That was his entire savings, not including some money Krshia had given him for the event. Dekava shook her head at him.
“We’ve been saving for years for this day! What were you doing?”
She meant the other Silverfangs. Tkrn hunched his shoulders defensively.
“I didn’t know I’d be coming! I thought—well, there’s still a lot to see, right? Can we meet some of the Named Adventurers, do you think? I’ve always wanted to meet one. I mean—I have. But a Gnoll one. Like Gamur the Axe. I had a toy of him when I was small. He’s here, right?”
“Is he a true Gnoll? Of course he is! But I don’t know if we’ll be able to meet him. I want to meet them too, and all the Chieftains.”
Dekava sighed. Tkrn looked blankly at her.
“Why not? This is the Meeting of Tribes. If they’re here…”
She frowned.
“Tkrn, did you not hear your Honored Aunt?”
“Er…I was thinking about peeing on doors.”
She rolled her eyes.
“We can’t just walk into another tribe’s camp! Only the free ground. And I’ll just bet the important Gnolls won’t let us in. Unless we’re invited by a member of the tribe or we’re given dispensation…”
Tkrn realized each tribe would have guards at the entrances. The areas outside of each camp were free game, which was why Gnolls were setting up there. But his dream of meeting his childhood hero—he drooped.
“Oh. Fine.”
“Come on. Someone had better make sure you remember all the rules. What’s this about peeing on doors?”
“I thought it was something you did! We did it as kids all the time—”
“So you’re saying you did this recently? As an adult?”
Tkrn had a terrible feeling Dekava was laughing at him, not with him. They entered the Meeting of Tribes as he wondered if he could bribe her not to tell.
 
—-
 
Inkar had no special nose. Special hearing thanks to her gift of friendship as a [Worldly Traveller]—yes. But not the nose of a Gnoll, which was what she needed here.
She wasn’t helpless, though.
“One, please.”
She handed over some coppers for a stick of meat. It was very cheap, but good. The Gnoll minding the rotisserie where he was slicing off bits of meat and putting them on sticks gave her an odd look, but he took her money.
She savored the hot bite. Of course, she could have eaten in the camp, but there was something to this. Buying food, walking around, eating it…
It was so exciting! Look! There were Gnolls showing off weapons to each other. They carried everything from wood and ivory to iron and steel and enchanted weapons! Inkar was no warrior, but she found it fascinating, like the warriors of old in her world.
Some were competing—others just talking, catching up with friends from afar. And they were old and young!
A little Gnoll ran up, sniffing.
“What’s that? Where did you get it?”
She was on all fours. Inkar smiled at the child as an exasperated parent pushed after her.
“Right there.”
“Do you have to pay for it? Can I have a bite of yours?”
“Vrers! Enough! I am sorry, Miss—”
The mother snatched up her daughter, and then did a double-take.
“A Human? Here?”
“Oh. I’m sorry—”
“Who let you in? This is the inner area, not—”
Inkar ducked back as heads turned. She saw the mother stare at her, then look around. Inkar turned quickly, pushed past some Gnolls, and vanished.
