8.02
Page 19
“I am a full warrior, Honored Beilmark. I wouldn’t want to hurt you. I was told [Guards] of Liscor were only half as prone to combat as a [Warrior].”
There was a murmur and ooh of laughter from the watching Gnolls. Tkrn frowned—but Beilmark just smiled.
“That’s certainly true, Dekava. My job is to keep the peace, not fight all the time. Although I do both. I can tell if you’re guilty, and stop you if you steal something. But I wouldn’t want you to take me lightly. Go on.”
She spread her paws. The younger Gnoll frowned as her friends and onlookers laughed. She hesitated—and then grabbed for her spear on the ground. She whirled it up and thrust at Beilmark.
Tkrn made a sound, but it was butt-first, not spearhead. It was still the kind of blow that could crack a rib if—
Beilmark knocked the tip wide with one arm and stepped in. Which wasn’t necessarily good because Dekava was already moving her spear up to clip Beilmark’s j—
The Senior Guardswoman touched Dekava and the Plains Gnoll was suddenly lying on the ground. She blinked up at the fading sky as everyone gasped.
“Wh—what—”
Beilmark knelt on her chest as Dekava struggled to rise.
“And you are under arrest. This would be where I take away your weapon and restrain you. Guardsman Tkrn, see to the criminal.”
Tkrn stood up, grinning, as Dekava struggled—but Beilmark had her pinned. The older Gnoll let go and grinned as the others demanded to know what she’d done!
“[Immobilizing Touch]. Locks up someone for just a few seconds depending on their level. Relc barely stops. But if you want to end a [Thief]-chase…”
She walked back to her seat. Jerci’s parents were applauding her and laughing. Dekava got up, flushing.
“But that’s not a [Warrior]’s skill you use in battle!”
“It got you.”
Beilmark was unruffled. Dekava was spitting mad, but Tkrn was delighted by the rebuttal from one of the Watch’s best [Guards].
Skills and perspectives. It was going well, and Dekava was pestering Beilmark for a rematch with a group of the new [Warriors] of the Silverfang tribe when Krshia stood up.
“Kin! We are honored to be here. And it is my honor to return to my tribe. By the Chieftain’s will—”
She nodded to Akrisa, and her older sister inclined her head with a slight smile.
“—we bring more than the great gift for the Meeting of Tribes! We also have smaller tokens from our city. We will share them now.”
“Oh, the gifts! Jerci, get ours.”
Her mother called out. Tkrn brightened up and Dekava’s head swiveled. The Gnolls of Liscor had brought gifts—tons of them, in fact! They’d packed their saddlebags and bags of holding with things from home.
Things the Silverfang tribe needed or personal tokens of affection. Apparently, they should share them now, so Tkrn dug out some of his.
He’d been given some money by Krshia and bought items the other Gnolls had said would please. Tkrn hadn’t been sure…but after their brief chat, he understood the value of his gifts more now.
“Whetstones! Good ones, too!”
“Straight from Esthelm. I know it’s nothing fancy, but they’ll put an edge on any steel you have.”
Beilmark was passing hers out to the other [Warriors]. Dekava crowed at the high-quality equipment—better than what Tkrn owned. He grinned.
“Will you take a gift from me, Dekava?”
She spun, and then looked at him quizzically.
“What is this?”
He gingerly—very gingerly—proffered one of his gifts.
“Please don’t drop it. And don’t open it either! It’s…a weapon.”
She stared at the glowing green liquid in the glass jar. A little black fleck floated in it—a dead fly.
“What is…this? Not a potion.”
