8.02
Page 10
The [Chieftain] of the tribe was exasperated as she spoke to her…son? Krshia stared. But she had received news of it. It was just—he was nearly Mrsha’s age! A bit younger, and so full of life and chatter it reminded her of, well, Ekirra. And if memory served—
“Satar. I told you to watch your brother.”
Exasperated, Akrisa turned. And there a blonde Gnoll with the [Shaman]’s staff trotted forwards, looking hugely embarrassed.
“I tried, M—Chieftain. But he escaped me. Because he bit my arm.”
She glowered at Cers. He flattened his ears.
“I did not.”
Satar Silverfang and Cers. Krshia knew one and had heard of the other, though he had not been born last time she visited. Satar had been just a child, and shyly greeted Krshia with an embrace.
“Honored Aunt Krshia.”
“Satar. It is good to see you. And this must be Cers, yes? I am your aunt.”
“Hello! I am Cers!”
He laughed, purely full of energy and excitement. Unrestricted and untamable—like many Gnoll children his age. In fact—possibly worse than a City Gnoll because the second thing he did was dash at the horses.
“Wait, that’s dangerous k—”
Beilmark called out. But the young Gnoll leapt onto the back of one of the horses, swinging himself onto it. Bareback, he rode the surprised animal forwards.
“Mother! Horses!”
“Cers, enough!”
His ears flattened and he dismounted as his mother looked at him. It was an adult-look, the kind that told a child this was the last straw. Krshia was busy inspecting Satar.
She looked like her father. Krshia wondered if she’d meet him. Cers on the other hand? He was…clearly…not Satar’s fur type. Nor was he from the same father.
The [Shaman] had black fur, and a speckled pattern of russet-red on his tail and ends of his legs and arms. Cers hadn’t inherited that, but Krshia greeted him.
“Shaman Cetrule, it is a great thing to meet you once more.”
“Indeed, Honored Krshia.”
They exchanged a more formal hug, sniffing each other. Krshia was still taken aback at how she’d met her sister. She looked at Akrisa.
“Sister—”
“Chieftain.”
The one word stunned Krshia into silence. Akrisa looked at her warningly, then raised her voice.
“Silverfangs! Back to the camp! Quickly! Put that blanket on the artifact. Shaman Cetrule—can you mask its magic? Even I can feel it upon my fur.”
“I will try, Chieftain. Honored Krshia, did you bring anything to mask it with?”
“We used a blanket…”
“Some mud, then. We did prepare. The mud-blanket!”
Krshia blinked. Suddenly, the Silverfangs were moving. The Plains Gnolls brought something she half-recognized.
It was a ‘mud blanket’, a word for a rather peculiar Gnollish invention. It was, well…mud encased in a holding material. It was usually fabric, woven such that the mud didn’t escape.
Why did you need a blanket of mud? Well, to keep the heat in! It was an insulator that they used in some yurt-type housing that needed to resist super-cold situations or the opposite, heat. You could create steam-baths with it since it really helped keep the moisture in.
However, this was a special one. Krshia saw-smelled silver mixed liberally in with the mud. The heavy fabric was draped over the tome. Instantly—the magical aura faded.
Impressed, Krshia blinked. She turned to Cetrule.
“You came up with that?”
“At the Chieftain’s request. We will use that to hide it. Bring it to my tent. I will safeguard it, until the Chieftain desires it presented.”
Krshia opened her mouth again—then saw her sister look at her. She closed her mouth.
“To the camp, then. We return in celebration! Our kin have returned and our great gift is here!”
