8.02
Page 24
Cetrule addressed Krshia. She rolled her eyes.
“Silvermouth they called me, since I picked too many arguments. Well, you will hear more such debates, Tkrn. Larger ones, between tribes. Then—the audience is [Chieftains] and [Shamans] and the outcome matters. Try not to cause any more trouble tonight though, yes?”
Chastised, Tkrn nodded. He slunk back to his tent—which was a rounded dome shape, small though, and he was sharing it with two more male Gnolls. But it was protected from the wind and he had drunk and eaten well. The Silverfang tribe was welcoming.
It was just a tiny bit different. That was all.
 
—-
 
To Inkar, the Gnolls had never been that different from her culture. At least, they had many overlaps.
Magic sheep? Magic sheep were different. And so was this.
She knew horse fairs. She knew cities. But the Meeting of Tribes was a wondrous event, such that the young woman was glad to have come to this world.
Despite the heartache. Despite the loss. Despite danger and death.
She still felt sad when she thought of the crashed airplane. But enough time had passed that she had stopped mourning and come out of her shock. More importantly—this was the time when she might find her answers.
The Meeting of Tribes. She was practically bouncing to see all the things here. You could trade for valuable goods! Pay to learn secrets, have fun seeing each tribe’s wares and antics, and of course, play games.
However, it had been four days since the Summer Solstice begun and the Longstalker’s Fang tribe had arrived and she had yet to go out and see everything.
The first day they’d just arrived and setting up and finding a space with Eska negotiating for room for their herds had taken all day. Inkar didn’t begrudge that.
Or the next day, when they had to build some temporary fences. After all—thieving and poaching existed in the tribes and the rare animals of their tribe were valuable. Inkar had hoped to go into the main Meeting of Tribes, which was already bustling that night, but she’d been asked to keep Deskie, the [Magic Spinner] who was so important and Inkar’s friend, company.
Sometimes Deskie needed help since she was older. And Inkar’s clothing was proof of their great friendship. Deskie had woven the fabric of Waisrabbits into the lining of Inkar’s clothing.
So two days had passed. And on the third day, there were all kinds of activities to be done! Water needed to be hauled, the sheep fed—you could spend an entire day just doing tasks for the tribe and apparently they were shorthanded so Inkar had no choice, even though some Gnolls who should have been helping if they had all this work were already coming back talking about what they’d seen.
“There’s Lehra Ruinstrider in the camps! People are surrounding her tribe’s camp and asking to meet her!”
“I met one of the Steelfur clan! They have…steel fur! He let me touch it! It’s not painful—not much, but it’s spiky!”
She wanted to join in, but Eska said there was an emergency with the Greenpaw tribe’s [Cook] and they just needed Inkar to help make some of her lovely dishes. So Inkar made some of her dishes from Kazakhstan.
…On the fourth day she figured out what they were doing.
“Inkar, I know you must be anxious, but could you help us build a new spinner? We can’t quite figure out how all the pieces work.”
One of the [Spinners] looked at Inkar a bit too innocently. And Inkar knew that the entire weaving group could put together the spinners by hand, and carve the pieces themselves if need be.
She went to find Eska.
“Why am I not allowed to enter the Meeting of Tribes?”
