8.02
Page 15
“Things change. Oh—and by the way. If you want me to get you better wine, give me a barrel and I’ll give it back to you after a month or two. [Appreciating in Value] is my Level 30 consolidation Skill. I have some gifts from Liscor that have increased in value in my care.”
Akrisa’s jaw dropped.
“What? You must be joking with me.”
“Not at all. Here, let me just…”
Krshia went to her bag of holding and belongings. She reached in and fished out the first of the gifts she had brought from Liscor. She handed something to Akrisa. It was a bottle of wine.
“I bought this for barely a few silver on bargain. I didn’t taste this one, but I had a second bottle of the same and it was the cheapest, foulest wine I could think of. It’s been in my care since I got the Skill, about four months now.”
Her sister eyed the label and cheap glass.
“It looks like it’s not worth the cost of the bottle.”
“Well? Let’s have a try.”
The Chieftain of the Silverfang tribe gave Krshia a long look.
“I’m reminded you were a trickster, Krshia. If this is one of those pranks like the time you covered our old [Shaman]’s tail in sap…”
“You wound me, Akrisa. I’m dignified in Liscor. People respect me.”
“I’ll bet. Well—”
They poured a cup. Akrisa sniffed suspiciously and Krshia held her breath. She hadn’t opened the bottle, and the uncorking made her heart flutter. But the first sniff made both Gnolls do a double-take.
“That can’t be right. It smells like—”
Akrisa dipped her tongue into the cup. She did a little taste and her eyes went round. Krshia inhaled a proper bouquet. She took a sip and gasped.
“Oh, that is good.”
“Marvelous. But it’s—”
The two looked at each other. Then they both began to laugh. Krshia chortled and Akrisa took a huge draft and smacked her lips. Then she began to guffaw.
“Cers! Cers, where are you? Come here and have a drink of your aunt’s ‘wine’!”
She laughed as she poured a cup of the finest grape juice Krshia had ever had into a cup. It tasted like it was made of excellent grapes, but—Krshia was laughing as the tent flaps opened and a Gnoll raced through.
“Grape juice? Where? It smells so good!”
The little Gnoll could detect the quality even more than they. Krshia scratched at her head, bemused.
“It must have been closer to grape juice than wine! Either that or…? I don’t know how my Skill works!”
“Have you tested it? Sip, Cers! We’ll share this at dinner with the others. It’s the product of your aunt’s hard work!”
“It’s so goooood! Do they have this in Liscor all the time? It’s so tasty! My tongue feels like it’s sparkling!”
Cers took a sip, and then rolled about on the floor happily. It was such an innocent thing Krshia laughed and felt her heart gladdening for the sight. She talked as the boy raced out with the cup to show his friends.
“I have tested it! Kept it secret, mainly—but the key is that it takes time. A week is barely enough time to notice much! Mind you—I have tested it.”
“And?”
“It works on two objects at most. There is a…a limit to the expense I think it can reach. And as of yet, it does not work on magical objects.”
“Ah, these limits make sense. And you are only Level 30.”
Krshia nodded. She was an odd Gnoll, she would admit herself. She had reached Level 30 by consolidating her [Trader] class—but she had still achieved it in ten years of coming to Liscor. And she was a [Huntress], a [Shaman], and a [Councilwoman] now. All parts of her life.
“So we cannot give you magical weapons to keep. What about quantity?”
The Gnoll winked.
