8.02
Page 23
The angry Gnoll turned. There was a murmur and Tkrn felt Krshia nudge him back. Suddenly—it was Serral and Krshia. They were…
Debating. Tkrn saw the crowd’s heads swing back and forth, listening. Now hundreds of Gnolls were listening from afar as Serral scoffed.
“And was Liscor so wonderful as Tkrn described, Honored Krshia? Or was it just as I said, and Gnolls had to fight for their rights?”
“No. It was not always so nice.”
Krshia held Serral’s gaze as she dipped her head. He smiled—but she undercut him with her next sentence.
“However, Tkrn is not wrong. He speaks from his only viewpoint, which is just as honest as he says. Liscor was uncomfortable with us when we first came. But it was not force that made the citizens warm to us, but that we were there and they grew used to us. Just as they grew used to Antinium. Because both species mixed and mingled. Perhaps the problem with other cities is that they only know Gnolls who come and go, not settle in numbers.”
A second murmur, of intrigue. Serral frowned.
“And why should we, if they treat us so?”
“Perhaps because Gnolls of the plains sometimes come to Drake cities with as much disdain for them as they do for us, Serral. Or do you show up to your job smiling?”
Polite laughter. Krshia waved a paw as he began to growl.
“I am not saying that you are wrong, Serral. Only that you call all Drake cities one thing. When I say it depends on how well they know us. There are good cities with good people—perhaps many cities, only some ruled by hostile Drakes or not used to us. And I say Liscor is one such. That is all.”
He hesitated. But after a moment’s thought, the inebriation seemed to be too much for him to tack on a coordinated response. Defeated, Serral just growled.
“Would that every city were Liscor, then.”
He stomped off to get another drink. Krshia looked around and so did Tkrn. He heard murmurs of agreement, some sharing their own experiences. Then Krshia turned to him.
“Your first day in camp and you must start a debate, hrm, nephew?”
She pinched his ear roughly. He yelped.
“Aunt! I hate when you do that! What did I do?”
“You participated in a debate, Tkrn. Do you not know one when you see it? And you very nearly made yourself and Liscor look like fools, yes?”
Krshia indicated the crowd. Tkrn, wincing, pulled his ear to safety.
“I don’t understand. Did you win the debate? Serral just stormed off.”
She gave him a long look.
“So? I persuaded the ones who matter and thus I won.”
She indicated the listeners. Tkrn saw they were nodding at her, and even the Chieftain looked approving.
“I don’t understand.”
One of the Plains Gnolls chuckled. It was Cetrule. The [Shaman] nodded to Krshia, who smiled.
“It is a custom of tribes, young Tkrn. When Gnolls argue, others listen. Whomever is judged most right ‘wins’, even if the two never reconcile. The goal is to persuade those who listen of your correctness, not to simply talk. And the one who wins often sees the other side come around if all agree.”
Serral hadn’t, but he was having a longer drink then going back to the conversations, which were indeed skewing positive. Tkrn shook his head.
“I can’t imagine trying that in Liscor. Some of my fellow [Guards] would never admit they’re wrong.”
“Well, they are Drakes. We are Gnolls.”
Cetrule laughed. Tkrn hesitated. He’d meant his coworkers in general, which now included Humans. Jerci was incredibly stubborn.
“It is good you had Honored Krshia with you. She is quite renowned and her tongue has not lost its skill, I see. Silvertongue Krshia was your nickname, wasn’t it?”
