8.02
Page 7
“Is that Honored Krshia of Liscor? Councilwoman Krshia, or so we have heard! Greetings, Aunt! We were told to sit here and not return until you arrived! We are glad you did; we want to join the Meeting of Tribes!”
The female Gnoll with silver dye running in stripes down her mane and back spread her arms. Krshia dismounted. The two embraced there and then, and Krshia sniffed the younger Gnoll politely as she did the same.
“We were delayed unavoidably. We are sorry, yes? I shall tell my sister—the Chieftain the same! Is Chieftain Akrisa close?”
Akrisa, her sister. Long had it been since they’d seen each other. The younger Gnoll beamed—then turned her head and sneezed.
“Well met, Aunt Krshia! Yes—she camped the way you would be coming. And two of us rode to get her. She’ll be here soon—how many are there? Sixty?”
“Just under.”
“I—achoo! We were ready for ten times that number if need be! But that is well. Honored elders, greetings!”
She bowed, very politely to the older Gnolls in front in turn. That included Tkrn, which amused Krshia. Until she realized it was her mistake.
“Tkrn, move back. You’re not Honored yet.”
Beilmark laughed as she nudged Tkrn. The other Gnolls were dismounting to pat the Silverfang Plains Gnolls, hug—they were more intimate physically than Drakes might be, or Humans with formal handshakes and whatnot.
Some of the Silverfang Plains Gnolls began sneezing, and apologizing. Krshia raised her eyebrows.
“Allergies? I forget—I have not asked your name.”
“No, Honored Krshia! Forgive me! I am Dekava! [Hunter-Warrior] of four full years since my markings. It’s just—you smell of the city! Oil and dust and Drakes all over you!”
Krshia blinked. They did? She hardly noticed, but if Dekava insisted, it must be so. She self-consciously sniffed herself, then smiled.
“Not that bad, surely!”
“No! Just different! Apologies! Will you introduce us?”
Krshia nodded. Ah, yes. This was back home alright. The request was more than just formality—she pointed, singling out the six Gnolls.
“This is Honored Beilmark, Senior Guardswoman of Liscor. Honored Raekea, [Armorer] and Councilwoman of Liscor…”
The eight Plains Gnolls bowed slightly to each in turn. Memorizing the names of the six Honored Gnolls. Of course, Tkrn and the others knew them as the same, but Krshia noticed Tkrn blink as Dekava bowed to Beilmark, placing her paws together as she bowed.
“A warrior of the cities! Honored Beilmark, it is good to meet you! We would love to see how they fight there later. And an [Armorer]! We knew you were coming, Honored Raekea! Our smiths will wish to exchange knowledge.”
“And I will be glad to do so. Well met, Dekava. And you are…?”
They made a point of saying ‘Honored’ each time. Which was much like City Gnolls. Except…Tkrn coughed.
“Beilmark. Do you want the guards to spread out or…?”
Beilmark half-turned.
“I think we’re fine, yes, Tkrn? The Az’muzarre tribe patrols. Just keep them nearby.”
Dekava’s ears perked up. She turned to Tkrn.
“Ah, you must be Honored Beilmark’s son?”
“No.”
The other Plains Gnolls blinked.
“Her…nephew?”
“No.”
“Husband?”
They eyed Beilmark. She snorted with laughter. Tkrn shook his head.
“I’m Tkrn. [Guardsman]. Regular Guardsman of Liscor.”
Dekava’s look of confusion turned to one of understanding. She smiled and seized his paws. She shook his hands vigorously with hers.
“Ah, I see! Pleased to meet you, Tkrn! They’re [Guards]. The same group.”
