8.02
Page 25
The [Chieftain] was talking with some of the Honored Gnolls from the Greenpaw Tribe and the Longstalker’s. Inkar knew it was a breach of etiquette, but she was too angry and hurt to care.
Eska looked up and made an excuse to the others. She sighed and took Inkar away to her Chieftain’s yurt to talk.
“Inkar, the Meeting of Tribes is for Gnolls. I would let you join in if I could, but we must make sure you are…allowed to participate. Few outsiders of your species are allowed to go to more than the periphery.”
“Then can I at least go there?”
Inkar pleaded. Eska sighed.
“I fear you may get into trouble or stand out, Inkar. And you are something of a secret that I hope the Chieftains will discuss. But it will be celebrations and politics will not come for a while.”
“I must wait until then? It is not fair! Please, Eska?”
The [Chieftain] hemmed and hawed, but she would have been blind and heartless not to see how cooped up Inkar felt.
“Very well. Tomorrow, though. I will ask the…Plain’s Eye tribe to make a statement to the other Chieftains about outsiders this Meeting of Tribes. I have been trying, Inkar, but they are busy meeting with the other great tribes. But tomorrow, even if I cannot secure their agreement, I will send someone with you.”
Inkar was content with that. She spent the rest of the day brushing the Shockwoolies—her clothing allowed her to do it without those nasty static shocks—and cuddling the friendly animals. Although, part of Inkar remembered that the ‘friendly sheepies’ could and would cluster together and stop someone’s heart if they detected a threat.
Well, good for them. They liked her, and she liked the animals. But she was restless all night, waiting for her chance to explore the meeting of tribes!
 
—-
 
The next day, Eska yawned as she rose bright and early. She sighed. Another day of waiting to meet the more important tribes. Skies willing, her tribe’s fortunes would change after this year…
“Oor. What are you doing loafing around? Is Inkarr not up yet?”
She spotted a male Gnoll taking his ease at one fire, having, well, a meat sandwich. More meat than sandwich, really. He was toasting the bread. He looked up.
“Inkarr, Chieftain? No, she woke an hour ago. Practically bouncing to see the Meeting of Tribes.”
“And you’re letting her wait?”
The [Chieftain of Herds] frowned. Oor had befriended Inkar, along with Orreh—not surprising since they were from the same family. But since the [Stalker Hunter] was busy making eyes with one of the Ekhtouch tribe’s [Warriors], Eska had picked him.
The Gnoll gave Eska a blank look.
“Why would I make her wait, Chieftain? She went into the Meeting of Tribes already. Barely stopped to appreciate good food.”
The [Chieftain] looked at him.
“…And you are not with her.”
Oor nibbled his sandwich delicately, savoring the crisp bread, the juicy meats mixing flavors.
“I will catch up, Chieftain. You did say I should show her around. Just as soon as—”
Eska nearly kicked him into the fire.
“I told you to escort her! That does not mean let her wander off, you idiot, you! Go find her! If she gets into trouble—”
Oor scrambled to his feet. He ran past Deskie as the old [Magic Spinner] tsked. But then she smiled.
“Do not worry, Eska. Inkarr is a good child. She would not cause mischief. Worry more about our other Gnolls than her. We have many of our tribe exploring out there. She is not alone.”
“I do. But I do not worry about what Inkarr will do. I worry about what other Gnolls will do to her!”
 
—-
 
