8.02
Page 5
She chuckled. The others did too. Tkrn looked at his aunt.
“Wait. Was that the answer?”
She shrugged.
“I have no idea. It sounds good, though.”
His jaw dropped.
“But I thought—you gave me that knife because—why did you give me that knife?”
“To see what you said.”
She winked at him. The young Gnoll’s eyes bulged. The other, older Gnolls laughed harder because of it. Raekea pulled herself upright and fondly patted Tkrn’s leg. She offered him a fresh cup of tea, chuckling.
“Sit, Tkrn. Don’t be too mad. My mother did the same to me when I was your age and ruined one of her crucibles. It’s a time-honored tradition…although among Plains Gnolls. Krshia, is that what inspired you?”
The [Shopkeeper] ducked her head modestly.
“I thought it was appropriate. I wondered if Tkrn’s parents had done it to him, but he was always dutiful.”
Tkrn turned redder as the others chuckled.
“You mean, you didn’t know what I’d say and you didn’t have a lesson?”
“Mm. Pass the tea, Raekea. What’s this flavor? Mint? Eugh. I hate mint.”
Krshia sipped from the cup as she sighed.
“It’s a good answer, Tkrn. It has bones in why I did take you. You are my nephew—more than that? I thought it would be good for you to see the Meeting of Tribes. But that is a Gnoll way of teaching. Every Gnoll of the Tribes learns that lesson. It helps us understand how you think. Sometimes the answer is very good. Sometimes, not. Right, Beilmark?”
How, he thought? Tkrn blinked. He turned to the Senior Guardswoman. Embarrassed, Beilmark scratched behind one ear.
“Ah, well, many are younger than you when we are given something. I spent two days with the dagger my father gave me after I lost a horse. I wanted to know, ‘why do you put up with me even though I make such bad mistakes’? Came up with many stupid suggestions he refused to take. In the end…I got him to take it back.”
“What was your answer?”
Grinning, and very amused, Raekea’s husband leaned forwards. The Drake was treating this as a holiday; he was the best [Smith] for tools and weapons, Raekea the best [Armorer]. Beilmark chuckled ruefully.
“I think I said, ‘because I can carry things for you’. He laughed and decided that was good enough.”
The others guffawed. Another Gnoll, a [Tracker], raised a paw.
“I bought my mother a new bow after she gave me hers. I thought that was what I was supposed to do. Saved up for two months. She laughed herself sick and took the bow.”
More laughter. Tkrn began to feel a bit better. Although he was still flushed as she sipped at the hot mint tea.
“Children travel a lot and get very impatient, you see, Tkrn. We have to think up ways to keep them silent on the move—and hopefully actually grow!”
Krshia reached over and ruffled the fur on Tkrn’s head. He sighed and sniffed.
“Very well, Aunt. But really—am I supposed to just learn and enjoy myself?”
She became more contemplative at the serious tone in his voice. The others looked at Tkrn and he felt that unpleasant feeling. But at last—Krshia shook her head.
“No, Tkrn. I did take you because I thought it would be good. But I could have taken many Gnolls, yes? I took you because we are related, because I know you, because you are a decent level—and because you did do the right thing in the end.”
“Only at the last moment, Aunt.”
He hung his head. Krshia nodded.
“Yes. Only then. Not enough—but at least, nephew, I know you will do the right thing then. Next time, do it sooner.”
It was a painful relief to hear. Tkrn looked up and she smiled at him. Then she sipped at her mint tea and gagged.
