8.02
Page 12
One of the older Gnolls sighed. The Gnolls of Liscor murmured, but quietly. Tkrn blinked. He began to understand that greeting was more than mere tradition.
 
—-
 
“What was that, Akrisa? We have been sisters for four decades and you did not acknowledge me until I presented our gift?”
The Chieftain of the Silverfang tribe lived in a tent far bigger than Krshia’s apartment. Contrary to what many might think—you could build some fantastic ‘temporary’ structures with bags of holding. Krshia could have fit three apartments of hers into this space and had room to spare.
A vast, domed ceiling, thick walls with the mud blanket insulators that kept sound out—all enchanted of course. She recognized a [Shaman]’s markings against insects on the walls, one against prying, and one more for cooling.
Three marks—an extravagant use of power for all but a [Chieftain]. Each one took a toll on the [Shaman] to upkeep, however slight. Well, Silverfang was plenty large enough to support the spell easily and perhaps it was one of the other [Shamans] who had cast it.
Thirty minutes had passed since the welcome. The other Gnolls were in camp, getting settled, being welcomed.
Krshia was in Akrisa’s tent. She would sleep here—the Gnoll families did. In fact, there were rooms within the huge tent, formed by walls of cloth.
Luxury beyond Krshia’s apartment. But she was too upset to appreciate it. She turned to Akrisa—the [Chieftain] had put down her spear and was sitting.
“Silkap. I have some. You must be hungry. Silkap and bread?”
Akrisa looked past Krshia. The Gnoll’s furious glare did nothing. Krshia folded her arms.
“Yes. Please. We only had brunch.”
“There’s a jar there. I’ll get some bread.”
The [Chieftain] rose—rather—she got someone else to get some freshly baked flatbread. Krshia had already undone the jar and put a huge amount of the Gnollish spread in a bowl. She was glaring as Akrisa reappeared. Krshia grabbed the bread, tore a piece off, and held it up sarcastically.
“This kin from afar thanks the Chieftain for the food. We share it as Silverfang alike.”
She pasted some silkap onto it and bit. The fact that it tasted really good after her long trip didn’t help. Hot bread, silkap tasting of meat, some chive, strong with lard like their mother made it—mm. She masticated furiously.
Rather than rise to the bait like she normally would, Akrisa just helped herself.
“That’s quite good. You should say that tonight when we eat in public.”
The City Gnoll stopped mid-chew. Her eyes narrowed.
“What? Akrisa, you are tempting my patience.”
“I am, yes? Well, that is terrible, no? For kin—much less sisters—I should have given you an embrace. A kiss and welcomed you without ceremony or gift! How could I?”
The [Chieftain] murmured softly. Krshia nodded furious agreement.
“You humiliated me in front of my people.”
“Hrm. Your Gnoll-people. Your Liscor-Gnolls. Your…City Gnolls.”
“We are of Liscor, now! But we are still Silverfang! What has gotten into you to make you so distant! What’s wrong with you? You should be rejoicing! I have brought a great gift! I—”
Krshia was snatching another piece of bread when Akrisa’s paw moved. She reached out and, before Krshia could dodge, snagged Krshia’s ear.
Between two fingers. Krshia yelped.
“What are you—”
Her older sister twisted her ear.
“You little brat. You were always like this. Why are you so mean, Akrisa? Why do you not hug me? What happened to the dozens of spellbooks we sent money for you to buy, hrm? What about the [Fireball] you told me blew up our gift? Why are you three days late?”
“Ow! Let go of—”
