8.02
Page 42
“You didn’t think to ask Plain’s Eye or the tribe involved before dragging her off? As for my warriors—did you jump into the argument without even establishing whether Decles was right?”
“And who would not take Ekhtouch’s word? If we vouch for her, one has either lied and used our word without our consent—or there is nothing to say.”
One of the Ekhtouch Gnolls sniffed haughtily. That actually helped since every Gnoll rolled their eyes at this. The Decles Gnolls were quiet. Iraz looked around, vexed. It was Krshia who coughed.
“No tribe is entirely without fault. Perhaps we should make amends and come to the truth later.”
“Well said. Inkarr, you will come with us. And if anyone would like to argue, come forwards!”
Deskie snapped. The esteemed weaver looked around for a challenge—even Decles wouldn’t step up to that one with her.
But they weren’t happy. Tkrn relaxed slightly as the mood deescalated. Iraz turned to Akrisa, Eska, and Orelighn.
“I will speak to Decles’ Chieftain. He will be furious—let us talk later.”
“Skies willing. Thank you, Chieftain Iraz.”
He nodded curtly and strode off. Half the Steelfurs went with him, but the other half remained to help fix the damages.
In the aftermath of a fight in Liscor, Tkrn was used to outrage. Drakes coming out in safety to assign blame, the Watch taking names and damages for punitive fines and so on.
This was different. The tribes were helping fix the damages, talking, making up—and, surprisingly, doing so with a fair amount of goodwill. A Steelfur warrior rubbed her jaw as she offered a paw to Merish and he took it.
“Good fight. Nice to see other tribes can still punch.”
Another Gnoll commented. Tkrn shook his head. This would have been the start of some serious grudges in Liscor. But the Plains Gnolls had a different attitude towards fighting. Sometimes it was necessary.
Then again—the Decles tribe’s Gnolls just spat and stormed off back to the inner camp. Someone tsked.
“They drew weapons first and they can’t even acknowledge a good fight? Someone should have slapped all of them as cubs.”
A Gnoll with those markings on his fur who had come for the good fight groused. It was an old Gnoll with grey fur—the same one Venaz was avoiding—who walked over and kicked him.
“You don’t beat children, you fool. You beat adults. Children are too small to understand, and too fragile. That was a good fight. But we missed it because all of you were too slow!”
He growled. Tkrn, reaching for a potion, eyed the newcomers.
“What tribe is that?”
Dekava glanced over as she produced a potion to help tend to his and the other Silverfang’s wounds.
“That has to be Wild Wastes. They train [Barbarians]. [Berserkers] too. If I know that old Gnoll, he’s a famous one.”
“Too right! And there was no one to fight. I wanted to take on another Named Adventurer.”
The old Gnoll had heard her. Lehra Ruinstrider was surrounded by admirers, but he seemed to be interested in her for entirely different reasons. He grinned.
“You were two feet taller in the fight.”
“[Berserker]. We’re Wild Wastes tribe. And those Decles Gnolls needed a good initiation ritual. I am Berr. Some called me Honored Berrigral. But I don’t care. You, youngling. You fight well for a City Gnoll. Shame you haven’t fought enough.”
He gave Tkrn a gap-toothed grin. Here was a scary old Gnoll. He reminded Tkrn of Tekshia.
“Initiation ritual, Honored Berr?”
