8.02
Page 21
“In the tribes, lad? You see that all the time. It’s one of the reasons I left.”
The Gnoll spoke more like a city person than one of the Plains Gnolls. And Tkrn remembered—he made axles. Not a useless occupation here, but more of a city thing. The Gnoll stretched out.
“Let’s say you’re a [Hunter] and you find a dead adventurer’s scabbard or something. Enchanted. Well—if you were in Liscor, I’d say that’s your luck. Here? The right thing to do is to show it to the Chieftain or [Shaman] or a senior, Honored Gnoll. Maybe they let you keep it if you’re lucky, but chances are you give it to the best Gnoll who needs it.”
“Or most senior.”
His wife murmured just as quietly. Orrl nodded.
“But you’ll be credited for it! Your status in the tribe goes up, especially if you give something good. And someday you’ll be in that spot so…that’s the tribe for you. Tribe first, Gnoll second.”
Tkrn blinked. His first thought was: well, that sucks. But he wisely kept it to himself.
 
—-
 
The second peculiarity of Gnollish culture came moments thereafter. Gnolls were drinking now, and a second wave assailing the cooking fires and eating merrily—and talking about the gifts!
“A blacksmith’s puzzle? You shouldn’t have.”
“Oh, it’s just this little thing. You can experiment with how to solve it…”
“Really, you shouldn’t have. How much did this cost compared to those matches, say? Or that lovely cookbook? Thank you so much…”
The point was that most people were happy with their gifts. Also, that Tkrn’s second-cousin Zekoon couldn’t pick out presents.
Another Gnoll waved something at Orrl.
“Er—Orrl. What is this? A cheap club? Couldn’t you even add metal to it? And what are these? I can’t use them in my sling and they’re not much better than our balls. Even our young have some enchanted ones. As for these…gloves…”
Orrl grinned as he threw an arm around the perturbed Gnoll.
“My friend, you will enjoy this. Have no fear! Have you ever heard of…?”
Tkrn was grinning as he saw Orrl begin to explain. Then his face fell as he remembered why the Gnoll knew of that game at all. And then his ears perked up as he saw the first drinkers begin talking loudly around one of the fires.
“I’m glad our cousins enjoy Liscor enough to live there for a decade. But I’ve been to Drake cities too. And you know what my experience is? It’s being called ‘dog’.”
Tkrn’s head turned as a Gnoll groused to the others. Some of the City Gnolls were blinking.
“Dog?”
“It’s Drakes. Not only do they go to you first if someone’s stolen something, they’re always saying it. The bad ones don’t even lower their voices. ‘Smells like a dog’, or ‘untamed savage’. You know, I once worked under a [Foreman] and after a day of hard work, he actually said ‘good dog’ to me. That’s what it’s like living in a Drake city.”
The [Guardsman] actually laughed at that. The listeners turned to him as he trotted over.
“Wait, are you serious? That can’t be true.”
The Gnoll complaining had slightly ragged fur, and looked rather upset. He must have had a bad day; burrs were still tangled in his fur.
“You think I’m joking?”
It was a large group around the fire, and their heads turned to Tkrn and the speaker. The [Guardsman] raised his paws.
“No! I mean—it sounds incredible.”
“That’s never happened to you in Liscor? Not once? Your fellow [Guards] don’t talk behind your back?”
“Nope.”
Tkrn couldn’t even imagine it. The other Gnoll scoffed, but Tkrn scoffed at the idea. Zevara would string that person out to dry!
“No shopkeepers or people on the street?”
