8.02
Page 35
“I have a truth stone. You didn’t even ask her if she was in the inner camp?”
That was proper procedure. Some of the Gnolls looked amused as the Decles tribe Gnolls stared at Tkrn.
“He’s got a point! Leave the poor Human alone! So what if one slipped into the inner camp?”
“Shut up. This is our tribe’s business!”
“Your tribe’s business? Says who? You’re Decles. Not Plain’s Eye.”
“We’re traditional! And Humans shouldn’t be allowed at the Meeting of Tribes! Any more than these other outsiders! Drakes especially!”
The Gnoll snapped. He gave an unfriendly look to all the non-Gnolls around. Tkrn frowned. The atmosphere was turning ugly. Confrontation did that. He wished he had a calming Skill.
The Gnoll behind him tried to push forwards, heedless of the danger.
“She’s not an outsider! She’s part of our tribe! Our Chieftain calls her Honored! She’s our guest to the Meeting of Tribes! You have no right to take her!”
The Gnolls listening were surprised. The Decles Gnolls? Contemptuous.
“That’s reason enough to bring her!”
“So—you’re arresting this Human because she went into the wrong camp? Despite being there because she came with a tribe?”
Tkrn made sense of it at last. One of the Gnolls shot him a warning look.
“She’s a Human in our sacred grounds. That’s enough. Now, we’ve wasted enough time! Move aside!”
He went to shove past Tkrn. And both Oor and Tkrn blocked him.
“No. That’s not good enough. You’re not Plain’s Eye and this Human has a right to be in the camp if a Chieftain vouches for her. It’s your tribe’s will against…”
“Longstalker’s Fang! And Ekhtouch and Greenpaw vouch for her!”
The crowd blinked at Ekhtouch. The Decles Gnolls snarled—but they sensed they were losing ground.
It was a debate—or a quasi-one. Tkrn blocked the path of the Gnolls…but he had a bad feeling he knew where this was going. And he didn’t have any backup. He looked around—
“Enough!”
The Gnoll in front of him took a swing as Tkrn’s head turned. The [Guardsman] was ready for this, though.
“[Fast Leg Sweep]!”
The Gnoll’s fist never reached him. He went over backwards with a shout of surprise as Tkrn moved. Oor leapt over him and tackled the second Gnoll. The third growled and Tkrn reached for his baton…
…And remembered he wasn’t on-duty. Also? Not wearing his leather armor or chainmail. He raised his fists and blocked a furious punch. Ow. Tkrn lurched backwards, his hand-to-hand training coming to him. It was Relc who taught that. And Relc taught—
Tkrn’s fist hit the other Gnoll in the solar plexus. The Gnoll coughed—and the one Tkrn had downed was scrambling up, Tkrn obligingly kicked him in the stomach. Oh—
Shit. Suddenly, it was a fight. The two Gnolls took on the three from the Decles tribe as the crowd watched. Tkrn moved back, keeping them from getting around him. Watch training. He was actually better than a Gnoll [Warrior] in this kind of scramble. His heart was pounding. But more than that?
He knew Krshia was going to kill him.
 
—-
 
It was one fight among many in the Meeting of Tribes. And in an area of miles upon miles, no one was coming to break it up right away.
Anyways, it was normal. So many Gnolls of different tribes and there was always a quarrel. Sometimes you had to let it ride out.
The danger was in…escalation. But as of yet, the crowd was just watching. And to the surprise of the Dwarf, he wasn’t holding the Minotaur back. If anything, Venaz was calmly holding him back.
“Not tempted to join in, Venaz?”
