8.02
Page 22
“Not a one. They’ve done stupid stuff before. There are plenty of Drakes who’ve had issues with us—well, before the Humans came along. Now they mostly hate them. But we don’t stand for it.”
“How do you mean, don’t stand for it?”
A curious question from Dekava. Tkrn shrugged.
“We just boycott the shop or business. There was a problem with Wishdrinks not letting in as many Gnoll groups. So we all stopped going and they changed their minds. Well, the new manager did. I’ve never had what you describe, mister…?”
“It’s Serral. And you must be exaggerating. I know what other cities are like. Ever heard of Paworkers?”
Tkrn had, but only recently. He spread his paws out.
“That’s some cities. It’s not what living in Liscor is like. Believe me, it’s fine.”
He told the other Gnolls, trying to inject some reality into the rant. He didn’t mean to offend Serral—but realized that was what he was doing.
The other Gnoll bristled.
“Oh, so Liscor is perfect, then? Tell me, until recently how many Gnolls were on your Council?”
“Well…”
“And how many Watch Captains were Gnolls? Has there ever been a Gnoll Watch Captain?”
“No, but we have a good one. So no one’s lining up for the job…”
“And if they did, would they get chosen, or would a Drake be chosen first? For that matter, if your precious city is so good, why haven’t I heard of other Gnolls having wonderful experiences in theirs? Who here has been to Drake cities and had that kind of experience?”
The Gnoll looked around angrily. No one raised their paws, although some of Liscor’s Gnolls looked uncomfortable.
“Maybe it’s one city where you think everything’s fine. But is it really? Or do you just not see what’s wrong?”
He challenged Tkrn. The [Guardsman] hesitated.
“No, I admit there’s things that are wrong. It’s just—not all cities are bad—”
“And you have been to more than me, yes?”
“Well, I’ve been to Human cities—”
“Where there are tons of Gnolls, yes?”
Something was happening. The group around the fire, including Dekava, was growing, and Gnolls were nodding or talking to each other as Serral spoke. Tkrn had invoked something by accident. Not knowing the rules, he tried to reply.
“Look, Liscor is really nice, Serral. The Drakes are kind, nice. Some other cities might be bad, I don’t know.”
“You speak kindly, Tkrn. But you are naïve. Young.”
Serral scoffed back. He turned, and he was addressing the listening crowd around the fire as much as Tkrn. He took a swallow from his drink and went on.
“Maybe the only reason Liscor is so good is that there are enough Gnolls to force the Drakes to treat us civilly. Maybe if there were not so many Silverfangs and so organized with Honored Krshia, we would see exactly how ‘nice’ the Liscorian Drakes are. What I experience is tolerance at best, and incivility and insults and suspicion most of all. But why trust my opinion, no? I’ve lived and travelled to more cities than young Tkrn here…but that’s all.”
More agreement. Tkrn felt himself shrinking as he struggled for a response and found his tongue wasn’t quick enough, especially with the food and drink in him.
Someone came to his rescue before Serral could go on. Tkrn jumped as he felt a paw on his shoulder. He looked left—
And there was Krshia. She cut off Serral.
“You say that despite not having been to Liscor, Serral. It seems there is a lack of knowledge on both sides, yes? And I have been to more cities than both of you combined. And am older than both! What if I told you that Liscor truly was good?”
