8.02
Page 8
Ah. The others nodded. Krshia coughed, but only half in amusement. She was going to have to remind the others to always say Honored Beilmark and so on. She’d forgotten how seriously…
Ten years. Her head turned as she heard another howl in the distance. Massed voices—she looked around and stopped.
There came the true Silverfang Tribe. Nearly a thousand Gnolls loping across the ground, and leading them, a familiar form and voice. She howled again and Krshia answered her.
Akrisa Silverfang was, in fact, shorter than Krshia. But far more athletic. She did not stand behind a counter all day. She raced across the grass, her tribe racing past her.
“Wow.”
Tkrn stared. He had scarcely seen so many Gnolls at once! No—that wasn’t correct. He saw countless Gnolls every day in Liscor. But here was a mass of furry bodies, fur ranging from blonde to black—and not a scaly tail to be seen among them.
A Gnoll tribe. They bounded forwards and, abruptly, stopped. Krshia and the sixty or so Gnolls from Liscor were on foot, hurrying forwards.
“Sister! It is good to see you, yes!”
Krshia called out joyfully. She saw her sister raise a paw, smiling. But she had abruptly stopped. And the thousand or so Gnolls she’d brought abruptly halted behind her, leaving her in front. They raised their heads—
And Krshia halted. She had been going to run and embrace her sister as much as Dekava. But the sudden halt in the mad rush of exhilaration at seeing her kin was jarring. She eyed them—
“Er, form up behind me.”
The other Liscorian Gnolls blinked. But they formed a rough wall behind Krshia and advanced, slower.
“Who comes before the Silverfang tribe?”
A voice shouted before Krshia could close the fifty or so feet between them. Krshia stopped again, blinking. That was ritualistic—she answered reflexively after a pause to search her memory.
“Kin from afar! Seeking to meet those with our blood and will!”
The Gnolls ahead of her paused. One shouted—not Akrisa. A Gnoll next to her. Krshia recognized a [Shaman]’s markings and blinked again.
“We greet our kin from Liscor! What do you bring, kin who have been gone so long?”
Krshia frowned, hesitating. She hadn’t meant to do this in front of all.
“We bring ourselves, and our knowledge from a city far away! To join Silverfang to Silverfang once more!”
She replied. The [Shaman] standing next to Akrisa paused. She saw him whisper to her sister. And Akrisa shook her head slightly.
“What else do our kin bring?”
A murmur of surprise ran through both sides. Krshia hesitated. She turned, and whispered.
“Tkrn. Go with Jerci and the others. Grab the book.”
“The book, aunt?”
“Yes. Now. Hurry.”
Tkrn and a few younger Gnolls hurried back to a horse with only one burden in the center of the caravan. Even now—a group of eight Gnolls stood around it, as they had the entire way here.
Of course, it looked just like a covered bundle in a blanket. But as Tkrn and the others fussed around it, unstrapping it and lifting it—although even Mrsha could have dragged it, light as it was—it was revealed to be a vast square of something.
A tome. They brought it over and the Silverfang tribe stirred expectantly. Krshia was staring at Akrisa. But her sister refused to look at her. She was staring at the sky as the [Shaman] called out.
“What does our kin bring from the city where they have been gone for so long?”
“We bring knowledge! A gift for the Meeting of Tribes!”
