8.02
Page 4
“Ah, it is much to say, Tkrn. But saying…here.”
She handed him something. He stared as she proffered…a belt knife?
It was hers, made of good steel by Raekea’s forges. Worn—probably years old. There was even a notch in the handle, worn smooth but made by some cut or accident long ago. Tkrn blinked as he took it.
“What, Aunt? What is this?”
“Your answer.”
And with that she kicked her horse lightly and it shot forwards. She left Tkrn with the belt knife. He stared at it.
“Something wrong? Krshia, let me—”
Beilmark shouted after Krshia, riding after her. She paused as she saw Tkrn with the object.
“What’s that, Tkrn?”
“I asked Aunt—I asked Krshia why she took me after what I did, Beilmark. And she gave me this.”
The Senior Guardswoman eyed the knife. She blinked, wrinkled her brow, then groaned.
“Oh, the knife. Bite my fur, she’s doing that? Well, do your best.”
She shook her head. Almost amused, she rode after Krshia. Tkrn stared at her back. Another Gnoll passed.
“It was a bit of armor for me. Ah, this brings back memories!”
Chuckling, he rode with Beilmark after their leader. The Gnolls passing Tkrn as he slowed chuckled, or shook their heads. They seemed to know what it meant, the older ones. Jerci just gave Tkrn a blank look. But that gesture somehow made the Gnolls look ahead, straighten slightly, even in their grief.
They were heading into the plains. For them…home.
They were coming home. Tkrn stared at the belt knife. He looked around.
“But I hate riddles.”
His plaintive voice was ignored by all.
 
—-
 
Later that day, Krshia looked up as the others were having a brunch on the road. Tkrn had patted his horse down and given it a bit of stamina potion and they were just about to go.
“Ah, nephew. Do you have my belt knife yet? Or have you not understood?”
She smiled as he squatted down around the small fire and boiling tea. He hesitated—Beilmark, Raekea, and some of the older Gnolls were sitting there. They looked up and he flushed under his fur—but he nodded.
“I think I do, Aunt.”
He proffered her the knife. Krshia regarded it, but didn’t take it. Tkrn had thought for about two hours as he rode; there wasn’t much else to do. The Gnoll Plains, love ‘em or hate them—got sort of similar after you stared across the flat, flat landscape for a while.
“It’s a lesson. You want me to understand it. You gave me the knife because…of this.”
The Gnoll indicated the one obvious thing on the knife. Raekea didn’t stamp her blades; she trusted the quality to will out. The tool was old, but still sharp as a razor—he’d cut his finger while playing with it. Yet that notch on the handle was noticeable.
“It’s damaged. A bit. You should really fix the gap.”
“I’ve been meaning to replace the handle for years. But I never get around to it. Your point, nephew?”
Tkrn took a breath. He thought he was right; it was obvious and there was no other answer he could think of.
“Well, the knife is me, isn’t it? I’ve made a mistake. But I can still fight and…and do what’s needed. That’s why you took me, right?”
He waited, as the small group of Gnolls looked at each other. Their faces were unreadable, but then Krshia stirred. She took the belt knife, carefully put it in her belt, and patted the notched handle.
“Hm. Hrm. Well now. I like that answer. I think I’ll take it. What do you all think?”
Tkrn blinked. He saw the other Gnolls grin toothily. Beilmark slapped one knee as a laugh burst from her throat.
“I like it too! Good answer, Tkrn! Although, if it were a notch on the blade I’d disagree! I wondered if he’d come up with something.”
