8.02
Page 3
“Ah. I forgot she called it that. Silly…hrmph. The Meeting of Tribes will be a grand event, Tkrn. With plenty to do! Not that I do not expect you to keep watch and obey! There will be time for that and festivities. I hope you have money saved.”
“I do.”
Tkrn dully patted his coin pouch. It was the last thing on his mind. Who wanted to have fun? If he wanted to have fun, he’d have stayed in Liscor and hung out at Erin’s inn for five minutes.
His aunt seemed to understand that and sighed.
“It is hard, Tkrn. But we will do business on behalf of the tribe and thus deliver our gift and enrich all. That is important. We can do little in Liscor right now and may do good here.”
“There’s a war going on between us and Hectval. I should be there. The Watch will be fighting.”
Tkrn mumbled. He heard a snort from behind him.
Beilmark. The Senior Guardswoman, paired with Jeiss, the best [Swordsman] in all of Liscor, shook her head. Tkrn had never known what she was known for; maybe just being reliable and good and high-level.
“We should not have gone to war, no! At least, not without an army. Liscor’s Watch is not large enough and we don’t train our [Guards] to fight in wars! In streets, in units, yes! We nearly lost a huge number of civilians. What is happening? We should be there—at least to represent on the Council.”
She looked pointedly at Krshia and Raekea at that. The two Gnolls frowned.
“Elirr is there.”
“He is only one. That’s an all-Drake Council.”
“Alonna and Jeiss are to be trusted, Beilmark. Even Lism, yes?”
“Hrm. If you say so, Krshia. Two months ago you would have cursed me saying his name. How things change, eh?”
Beilmark gave Krshia a long look. Raekea the same. The female [Shopkeeper] fidgeted slightly—but Tkrn had no idea why.
“What did you want to say, nephew? You will see the Meeting of Tribes soon enough. Which reminds me, we should explain to the young ones what to expect, Beilmark.”
Krshia coughed into her paw, changing the subject. Tkrn saw her look at him. He hesitated, but came out with it.
“Aunt. Why did you choose me to come with you? Of all the Gnolls in the city?”
The older Gnoll frowned mildly. She was in her early forties, but still yet to show real signs of age; grey fur and so on.
“You are a [Guardsman], Tkrn.”
“You know what I mean, Aunt. There are more Gnoll [Guards] than just me. Jerci I can understand more than me. You know I’m…in disgrace.”
Tkrn’s ears drooped. If his tail had been wagging, it would have done the same. But you couldn’t get more depressed, even thinking on his mistakes.
Krshia exchanged a glance with some of the other Gnolls. They slowed a bit and she and Tkrn rode ahead.
“Tkrn…”
“Everyone knows what I did, Aunt. Or failed to do.”
When the group of [Guards] and civilians had begun…punishing Calruz for his actions in the dungeons and with the hateful Raskghar, Tkrn had turned a blind eye. He had been angry. But he had also known that the Minotaur was a prisoner.
He had wavered, but not told anyone. Not stopped it. Not even done more than talk—until Mrsha had been in danger. Then, and only then he’d drawn his sword with the Watch Captain.
But not enough. Tkrn felt as though his fur was painted…red with shame. As though everyone were always thinking of what he’d done when they looked at him. They probably were.
Krshia knew this too. She eyed him, pursing her lips, as if to say something. But as she glanced ahead, across the incredibly flat landscape, her lips quirked.
She almost smiled. It was not a super-happy smile, but it was still…Tkrn saw her reach for her side and pull something out.
