8.03
Page 3
“What you ask for cannot be reproduced, and lingers only in the vaults of those who have saved it from times before I was born, Kevin of Earth. Should we relinquish such objects so lightly? Not even for my own people would I lightly open my vaults.”
No Potion of Regeneration. No artifact of healing. Kevin knew it was fair. Fetohep, for all his horrible hours in calling, was polite and knew there were production delays. Kevin put his head down on the desk.
When he woke, he had ink on one cheek and a back-ache from sitting in the wrong spot. But he was back to work already. He wished for coffee and got tea. The Drake—Merckle—was replaced by a Human [Assistant] and maybe even [Mechanic] in training. A local Esthelm young woman who was taking orders.
“Pallass wants their cycle today, Mister Kevin.”
“They can wait. How many bicycles do we have?”
“Unenchanted or enchanted? Master Hedault—”
“—Works slow. I know. We should hire a cheaper, faster one.”
“He won’t like that.”
“Which is why I get to talk to him. How many unenchanted, then?”
“Um…um…three should be done.”
“I’ll go see.”
Kevin adjusted the clothing he’d worn for uh, two days straight. He sniffed himself a second, but he didn’t notice any odor. And where he was going, all you could smell was soot and metal.
“Phew. He stinks. Humans never bathe.”
“Imagine being in the tribes. We don’t bathe.”
“Do you just get used to the smell?”
“Well…we get used to the smell of sewers.”
“Hrr. Fair point.”
The small group of Gnolls watched as covertly as possible as Kevin left the headquarters of Solar Cycles. The small building was one of many in the rebuilding Esthelm. It hadn’t achieved Liscor’s rapid pace of immigration, but people were coming for work.
Not least because this city now had a calling card. Humans were casually glancing at the three Gnolls peeking around the corner, but they probably assumed the Gnolls were here for the same reason people were deciding to settle here, and trade and business was flowing in.
Master Pelt of Esthelm’s forge was already clanging with sound—but the [Silence] spells meant that it wasn’t that loud.
Until you passed the boundaries and heard the roar of the Dwarf’s voice, louder even than the forges and hammering of metal.
“You! Out of my forge! Out!”
Kevin, Elirr, Permel, and Hemera all watched as a young man fled the furious Dwarf in the early hours of morning, face white, as Pelt hurled something down.
It looked like…Kevin blinked. Dust?
It was a very fine, dark dust mixed with some red. And a few flecks of…well, Pelt was already roaring the answer.
“I told you to watch the metal like your life depended on it! Half a dozen flaws from the very steel we’d make? Why don’t you stab the [Warrior] who tries to use a blade made with steel this shoddy? Out! Out! You won’t work in my forge again! Begone!”
He hurled more insults as the apprentice [Smith] ran for his life. Kevin stared blearily. It was probably like…six AM.
“Hi, Pelt. What did that poor guy do?”
The Dwarf was red with fury. But he was animated. And Kevin saw no less than nine apprentice-smiths—some actual [Smiths] who’d come to apprentice themselves once more—huddling over their work. Not all were banging metal. The Dwarf pointed with a shaking finger.
“Smelting steel. That’s all that fool had to do, but they cut corners. I told them to sieve the dust we use to smelt our crucibles. And look!”
He gestured at the raw iron dust and ore. Kevin bent and inspected the pot.
“…Not all of its iron?”
