8.03
Page 8
She wasn’t a fat Hob like some were. But she wasn’t exactly a lithe Hobgoblin warrior who trained—or had trained—daily in rigorous workouts. She was well-fed. Also—a [Shaman].
Her body was adorned with more colorful, glowing paints than even a Redfang and she carried a staff. She also dressed in what Lyonette called ‘scandalous’ attire. Mrsha thought it was close to a Plain Gnoll’s outfit, minus the fur.
She was also rude, mean, and she didn’t leave Mrsha alone. Ulvama looked around the basement.
“Stupid white sad Gnoll? Where are you?”
Mrsha didn’t respond. Ulvama grunted. She adjusted the bowl, and then tapped her staff on the ground.
“[See Heat].”
Her eyes flashed crimson in the darkness. She turned—and spotted Mrsha at once.
“There. Stupid Gnoll. Stupid Gnoll—”
She poked Mrsha with the edge of her staff. Mrsha glared up at her. Ulvama pointed at the ice cream in the bowl.
“Where more this?”
Go away. Mrsha glared. Ulvama poked her again.
“This. More of this. Where?”
The Gnoll refused to respond. Sh—
Poke, poke. Ulvama, like annoying children or people everywhere, refused to give up. On the eighth poke, Mrsha grabbed the staff’s tip and snarled silently. Ulvama, undeterred, simply dragged Mrsha out of cover.
“Where more sweet stuff?”
Mrsha ran off. She raced up the stairs, into the common room, and then—up the stairs again. Into hers and Lyonette’s room. She pushed the latch on the door, hid under the bed.
Doom. After a few seconds, she heard someone come up the stairs. A mutter—then a knock.
“Stupid little Gnoll. Mrsha-child.”
Ulvama tried the door. It was locked. She called out again. Mrsha ignored her. Now she could—
Click.
The latch slid back and the door opened. Ulvama walked in.
“Little smelly Gnoll—”
This time Mrsha attacked. Furiously. How dare Ulvama come in here! She lunged out from under the bed and—
The Hobgoblin bonked Mrsha with the staff as the Gnoll ran into it, then put her foot on Mrsha’s back. She held down the outraged, squirming Gnoll, and looked around.
“Ooh. Stick here.”
Webs shot from her staff and immobilized Mrsha! The Gnoll struggled as she was covered by a spell. She saw Ulvama walk over to a dresser and immediately open it. She began rummaging through Lyonette’s clothing! Pulling out everything, discarding what she didn’t like—
Mrsha began snarling and tearing at the webbing, but it just stuck even more. Ulvama chortled for ten whole minutes until the spell began to dissipate. Then she shouted as Mrsha bit her leg.
“Aaah! Stupid Gnoll girl!”
She smacked Mrsha on the head. Mrsha let go; it wasn’t a heavy blow, and jumped back. She had blood in her mouth. She snarled as Ulvama raised her staff. The Hobgoblin chased after Mrsha—
And Mrsha ran into a wall. Into a place beyond. The Hobgoblin [Shaman] lunged and smashed into the invisible barrier. Mrsha stood in the Garden of Sanctuary and listened to the cursing and shout of pain with bitter satisfaction.
It did not last. Mrsha’s head turned. She looked towards the hill with the mists. And there, a guardian before that place…
The Hobgoblin with the sword. The crystal-metal blade gleamed. He was as empty as her.
But he had eaten. He ate mechanically, as if only to keep this strength for danger. He sat, empty.
Slowly, the little Gnoll crept up the hill. Numbtongue saw Mrsha come. She hesitated; but she was afraid to go beyond. It was too sad.
So Mrsha approached. Numbtongue watched her; then looked past. The Hobgoblin [Shaman] was banging on the door at the far end of the garden, far below. She hammered, shouted—then gave up and stormed off in a huff.
