8.03
Page 20
“I see. You are going to tell someone and stop me.”
“No, I—”
“That is what you said. I am not deaf, Selys. If you run I will shoot you. In the feet. I do not miss.”
Selys froze. Bird tilted his head at her.
“Yes. This is a problem. I must leave sooner, then.”
“B-Bird. Don’t do this…”
He aimed the arrow at Selys’ feet. She hesitated. She had a wand, protective rings. But nothing immediate that could deflect…
What had he once said? Who needs a ring that can deflect a single arrow? Damn Pisces.
“You will stay there. Ishkr, Miss Rose, you two as well. I know what must be done.”
Bird’s hand moved and they flinched. But he was just tugging at an arrow bundle. Arrows cascaded onto the floor as he removed the rope.
“Tie up Miss Selys, Ishkr. Then Rose will do the same to you.”
“Bird! This is crazy!”
The Worker looked at her, completely calm.
“No, it is not. Give me your bag of holding, Miss Selys. Yours is superior to mine. I will leave. By the time you are free, I will be gone. Goodbye.”
He made them tie each other up—then checked the knots. Then he gagged them—and rolled them into Rose’s room. All three wiggled and protested, but Bird knew how to tie knots. The ropes cut into Ishkr’s wrists as he saw the Worker close the door. He tried to burst free—but he couldn’t. And Bird was moving about, putting arrows into the bag of holding.
“Many trips. I must buy a wagon. I have time until they get free if I check on them…”
He walked out of the inn. Ishkr saw Selys and Rose’s pale faces. He struggled, tried to bump the floor or kick a wall. But no one was listening.
 
—-
 
“Hello. Do you know where I can buy a wagon and horses?”
Ulvama was setting a trap with her staff under one of the tables. Both Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings were watching her out of the corner of their eye as they ate silently.
Crimshaw glanced up. He blinked at Bird.
“In the city?”
“Where in the city? What kind of shop?”
“A…stables? I’m sure they provide one with the horses.”
“I see.”
The Worker walked past them. He ignored Ulvama—she warily eyed him. Bird stopped at the door.
“Thank you.”
The Brothers looked at each other, but then they silently touched their hats. They did not ask questions. Sometimes a man needed a wagon.
Mrsha the Sad watched Ulvama from the basement’s steps. Eyes narrowed. Apista buzzed quietly on her head.
Someone was bumping on the ceiling. The two Brothers were talking about ‘relief shifts’ coming in. Ulvama was chuckling to herself and Bird was counting coins he’d taken from the purse and talking about paying Selys back afterwards.
Mrsha paid attention to none of it. Someone was probably having sex upstairs. And her focus and ire was directed at her.
Ulvama. The [Shaman] had been laying traps! Mrsha had heard Selys get got. But she was clever. Now she’d eaten, she had used her brain.
She could see magic. She was a [Druid]. Ulvama thought she was stupid, but Mrsha was smart. She could see the runes if she squinted. The [Shaman] was hiding them, but Mrsha knew better. And Mrsha was going to…to…
Trip Ulvama? Lure her into a trap? Hit her with a rock? Put poo in her hair?
These were all options. But Mrsha did not feel any particular one was sound. Because she was conflicted.
She was angry at Ulvama. She had been furious when Apista had rescued her. But then…as she plotted making Ulvama fall into her trap and beating her, Mrsha had thought again.
Ulvama was mean. But she hadn’t been…cruel. She’d kicked and poked Mrsha, but she’d also made Mrsha…eat food?
And the things she had said. Mrsha frowned and lurked. She listened.
