8.03
Page 0

Humans.
Why Humans? That was what they had said, at first. The group that knew the truth of worlds, or at least, part of it.
The Gnolls of Liscor, that was. Because they had known for a while. Not all of them, but the older ones. The ones who didn’t talk about the vast secret. At first it had not been so vast since it was one person. Now? It was growing.
But at first—they had said this. Why Humans? Why couldn’t there be a race of Gnolls who’d managed to create an advanced civilization in another world? Of course, Gnolls would do it differently. Probably…they’d invent better shampoos that didn’t smell so strongly.
Or something.
This was what Krshia wrote. In code.
 
Send one of the Humans. We have met another.
 
Another one. So, Elirr gathered some of the senior Gnolls remaining in the city. Grey-furred City Gnolls, not a tribe per se, but a community.
“This is getting too big, Elirr.”
A Gnoll petting a cat peered at him. [Senior Scribe] Hemera. Another Gnoll sleepily blinked.
“We have to do something. The Meeting of Tribes will produce a large result. Plains Gnolls, though…unpredictable. I’ve never been to the tribes, but they’re temperamental, aren’t they?”
That came from a City Gnoll for life, Permel. Also old—pushing seventy. Many of the most distinguished Gnolls had gone, but still—a [Master Potter] was something to admire. He made wonderful porcelain and had banned Elirr’s animals from his shop forever.
“The tribes are fickle. But it is Krshia who asks, not them. I trust her.”
“Ambitious, though. Young Gnolls—yes, she’s still young enough to be ambitious! Of course, we help, but I’d rather roll around in ink than put little Mrsha in danger. Doombringer. We called her that and we’re city-born. Imagine what they’ll do?”
Hemera put in. The others nodded.
“If only we could send a Gold-rank team. The Halfseekers?”
“Perhaps. They would not be cheap. But they love her too. As for a Human…well, they are older. Krshia is right in that one should go, especially if they have found another. Perhaps bring them back here?”
More nods as a cat teased the shy Wyvern, Jekle, who’d finally been left to wander the shop. The other two Gnolls eyed it, but Elirr could sense the young Wyvern’s emotions and the most the youngling felt was fear towards the evil cats.
Elirr pointed at the offending cat.
“Berry. Enough. Leave him alone. Scat.”
The cat gave Elirr a look. He turned and proceeded to try to—Elirr threw a crumpet at the animal and the cat grabbed it and fled.
“You’ve created monsters.”
Permel shook his head. The other Gnolls chuckled, and presently, the group of six nodded.
“A Human it is. One should go.”
“But which one?”
Ah, now. That was the question. The others looked at Elirr and his ears and tail drooped. He would have to visit. For a strange inversion had taken place.
Where once the inn had been the center of change, now the world was passing it by. And it sat in…stasis.
Waiting for the [Innkeeper] to wake up.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn held so few these days. And even if they slept there, many left as soon as they’d eaten, before they’d eaten. It was like an abandoned…inn…
Before a young woman had found it. A perfect circle—although this inn was not completely deserted. But even the Humans had drifted away.
Case in point. Kevin Hall woke up from the room in which he’d been sleeping at the urgent pounding on his door. He fell out of his chair, hit the ground, and heard the urgent voice.
“Mister Kevin? Mister Kevin—it’s a client!”
“I’m just Kevin! Who—”
