8.03
Page 31
What she found was…confusing. Ryoka had a number of artifacts. Rings, amulets, the very nice bag of holding which held more magic besides. But Jericha couldn’t see what had made Sammial so excited.
Weak magic aura, wind element. Doesn’t explain how she commands the wind at all. She’s like a Level 3 [Mage]. Which makes sense if she has no levels…
Oh, and another thing. The most powerful magical object Ryoka held was not actually near her hands. They were on her feet.
Foot wraps. Just strips of seemingly-ordinary cloth that covered her feet. The crudest of bindings glowed in Jericha’s vision. She wanted to know where Ryoka had gotten them and what they did.
Ryoka noticed the look. She shifted. Sammial peeked out from behind Jericha.
“It didn’t break? But I saw—”
“It uh—came back. You didn’t break the important part of the you-know-what. Let’s not talk about it.”
Jericha’s eyes narrowed.
“Has Lord Sammial been bothering you, Miss Griffin? I could inspect whatever he claims to have accidentally damaged.”
“No, it’s fine, Miss Jericha. I—I’m fine. Sammy was just bored and uh, I promised to let him fly.”
Fly? Jericha instantly shook her head.
“I regret to say that your method of flying would put Lord Sammial in grave danger, Miss Griffin.”
“No, not that. I mean—it’s just parasailing. You get some bed sheets and…”
Sammial looked at Jericha pleadingly. And she saw Lord Hethon was coming—no doubt equally bored since she had forbidden consorting with the young [Witches] and the other young [Lords] and [Ladies] had no such injunctions and had formed, as children did, a roving group of children: the street urchin Grev, the Riverfarm children, and the next generation of Izril’s nobility.
Jericha wavered between duty and a desire not to have to entertain two bored young [Lords]. She turned to Ryoka.
“I—what does this look like, Miss Griffin?”
The Wind Runner smiled. Jericha wished she could be certain of Ryoka Griffin. If only because Lord Tyrion had spared no expense healing her. Had ridden himself and prevailed upon Ulva Terland to come to the party. Had challenged a warrior of peerless skill for her.
And still, he said the same thing.
He owed Ryoka Griffin a debt. Jericha was worried because she knew her [Lord]. When he said a debt—
He took it seriously.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin had received several things from the journey to the land of the fae. Besides knowledge? Three objects, fittingly. She hadn’t considered it as such, but three was what the final count turned out to be.
Most obvious was the Faeblade, which she was now considering naming the ‘Techblade’ since it was clearly not a blade of the fae.
A low-grade enchantment had shattered the blade like glass! It came back in a second after she reactivated it, but that had shaken Ryoka.
Like the land of the fae, magic beat tech. On the other hand? Tech beat steel. Ryoka could do lightsaber tricks with the sword—unless the material was enchanted. She wondered if she could literally slice a tree in half.
She’d try it later.
The second thing Ryoka had she wore on her feet. Nama’s foot wraps. Nothing special about them…except that Ryoka had run in them through the lands of the fae, across fields of fire where the Phoenix had lived and they hadn’t been singed. They might have magical power. If they were anything like Nama, they were more than they seemed.
Lastly, and this was sort of weird—her third gift was uh, autographs.
