8.03
Page 10
“You eat, you go. Deal? I can sit all day. Little Gnoll good pillow.”
She grinned down at Mrsha. The Gnoll wanted to poke her in the stupid face! She was so hungry!
Who made spells that made you hungry!? Only Goblins. Mrsha hesitated. But she was so—and she couldn’t get free.
The stomach overwhelmed even the sad brain’s best efforts. Mrsha scarfed down the bit of sausage. Humming, Ulvama cut more with a knife and let Mrsha devour it piece by piece.
Mrsha hated that it tasted so good. She hated Ulvama—but she ate.
“Let’s see. Sausage for Gnoll stomach…not good to eat so much…if I think about the starvation of Hobgoblin [Warriors]—how much did I feed them during the siege? But that was vegetables, which fill you up…do Gnolls eat vegetables? Tricky, tricky…”
The little Gnoll frowned as Ulvama thought to herself. She sounded—smart there. As in, Numbtongue-smart, who could talk with big words. Was she pretending to sound like other Goblins?
She was curious—and then remembered she should be sad. Mrsha pushed at Ulvama’s legs. I ate! Let me go! She wanted to sign, but her arms were pinned.
“Not yet. Little Gnoll eat this, too.”
Ulvama put a cookie on the floor. Mrsha glowered. No! Ulvama flicked her forehead with a finger, ignoring Mrsha trying to snap and bite it.
“Good sweet thing makes Gnoll girl happy. Stop pretending not to eat. I see. I am not stupid. If little Gnolls dies, everyone is sad. Including not-dead Human, isn’t that so?”
She nodded to the open door. Mrsha…hesitated.
Erin would be sad if she died? A pang of guilt. She wasn’t doing it on purpose! She spat on Ulvama’s leg. The Hobgoblin narrowed her eyes. Deliberately, she wiped the spit off—then used Mrsha’s fur as a handkerchief! Mrsha wiggled in outrage.
“You spit on me, I wipe spit on you. Now, eat sweet thing. Wait—maybe little Gnolls are allergic? Are Gnolls allergic? Why would there be food that is bad for little Gnolls here? No, no. It’s fine. Eat.”
Another tap on the forehead with the staff. Ulvama was smirking as Mrsha glared.
The only warning the smug [Shaman] got was seeing Mrsha’s face suddenly turn to one of…satisfaction. Ulvama looked up and heard the angry buzzing.
A bee the size of her face came buzzing down like the wrath of…bees. Ulvama shouted.
“Aah! What that!?”
She fled. Mrsha went scampering as Apista, who had likewise been in silent mourning, came to life. Ulvama ran about Erin’s room, shouting, then whirled.
“Die, bee!”
She raised her staff. Mrsha tackled her as Apista swerved out of the way.
No! Mrsha grabbed for the staff. Ulvama shouted.
“Stupid Gnoll! We both lose our eyes if I don’t kill—”
She stopped, seeing Mrsha’s desperately shaking head and frantic look. Ulvama lowered the staff, eyed Apista. The bee made her back up and it protectively hovered between her and Mrsha and then landed on the little Gnoll’s head. Protectively, Mrsha grabbed her and hugged her as she backed away from Ulvama.
They disappeared into the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Ulvama’s jaw closed after a second as the door slammed shut.
“…What?”
But at least the little Gnoll had eaten something. Ulvama sighed. Stupid door. If she could get through it, she could take care of both Mrsha-child and Numbtongue-idiot. It was getting in the way of her work!
Now, how to trap the Gnoll when she came back? If Ulvama smelled throw-up, she’d have to make sure the little Gnoll didn’t do it again. Not that she thought the Gnoll was that self-destructive. Good thing, too…the [Shaman] hurried off to lay traps.
 
—-
 
