8.03
Page 36
She grew excited. This was it! If he was this rare Goblin, then—Pyrite looked at her.
“I told him all about you. Do not play your tricks. He does not need—we do not need a Ch—”
The last word cut off as Numbtongue returned. The Hobgoblin’s voice halted in the middle of the word.
Chieftain. He inhaled, coughed, and spat the mouthful of grass out. He stared at Ulvama. His face twisted into hostility in an instant.
“Go.”
Ulvama backed up. She saw the crystal sword in his lap tense. She smiled—
“Pyrite in your head. He tell you about me?”
“Seducing [Shaman]. Go away.”
His eyes burned. She indicated her full figure.
“Not interested a bit?”
Numbtongue turned to look over his shoulder. Towards the hill with mists. He looked at Ulvama—she was already making tracks. She knew a murderous look in the eyes when she saw it.
 
—-
 
The art of seducing Goblins wasn’t usually this hard. Ulvama investigated the [Garden] as she tied her top, grumbling. Although there were things you learned.
Like…don’t try to seduce a Goblin when the dead body of their friend was only a dozen feet away. She’d forgotten that there was a frozen Human here. Rookie mistake, really.
She’d have to try again. A [Soulbard]. Ulvama didn’t know the class, but she could investigate by memory. A [Shaman] remembered.
And this garden was fascinating. Ulvama saw plenty of things she could use for her craft. Sage’s Grass aplenty! So that was how the magic door ran. This place was also a ley line. If she had a tribe and this wasn’t so close to the city, she’d have wanted to settle here.
For now, she had to think. The female Hobgoblin kicked around, spotting a pond, the arid and jungle sections—
Then ran smack-dab into an angry little Gnoll with a bee on her head. And a half dozen big Fortress Beavers.
Ulvama halted and stopped. Mrsha was giving her a dirty look. She folded her arms as the big beaver chittered loudly.
“Uh. Nice Mrsha-child?”
The [Shaman] hesitated. Mrsha made a rumbling sound in her throat and the beaver-gang slapped their tails on the ground. Ulvama did not want to pick a fight with a bunch of giant rodents who outweighed her and had teeth like shovel blades.
“Sorry, little Gnoll. Trying to cheer sad Goblin up! Didn’t work!”
Mrsha stared at Ulvama and glowered harder. She made some rapid signs with her paws. Ulvama frowned.
“You…is that words?”
Mrsha nodded. What she had just said was—well, it was rather rude, but it translated to ‘don’t have sex with Numbtongue and if you kick me again, I’ll have a beaver eat your foot!’
Ulvama got the message either way. She hissed and backed up. Bratty little Gnoll children and ghost-possessed Goblins! Everything was so much easier with Tremborag. Love him or hate him—and Ulvama had not loved him—he had been simple to anticipate and deal with, his tribe likewise.
The Ulvama-method of working your way to the top of a power structure did not apply to Pyrite—who knew all her tricks—or Mrsha. And she wasn’t sure she could seduce the Gnoll who cleaned things or whether that was useful.
She was frustrated, but she didn’t give up. If the most direct and, to her, easiest method failed, she could always be nice. She smiled at Mrsha.
“Sorry, Gnoll-child. I will not do it again. Let’s be friends. I take care of you, you help me. Okay?”
Mrsha gave her a flat-eyed stare. She folded her arms—then nudged one of the beavers. The gang waddled off, but the big one gave another tail slap and Ulvama a look as if to say, ‘we’re watching you. Don’t mess with our kid.’
Ulvama eyed the beavers, then saw Mrsha glancing towards Numbtongue.
