8.03
Page 14
There were a number of high-level cooks in the audience! Imani gulped, but Palt gave her an encouraging wink. She hurried over to her demonstration table in the center of the room.
“Is everyone done? Well then, I like to apply the following. Some olive oil, a bit of pepper, s—”
One of the apprentices upended the pepper all over their bowl. Imani heard a cry of dismay, and coughed as a stinging cloud hit her nostrils. Palt waved his finger urgently and the pepper cloud whirled back to the bowl.
The other [Chefs] and [Cooks] stared at the same Drake with the peeling problem. He hung his head. Imani hesitated.
“…We can wash the squash. As I was saying?”
 
—-
 
They were done with the squash when Imani realized there were multiple levels of her class, as if that hadn’t been obvious. She turned to Palt.
“Can you…demonstrate the rest of the breakfast dish?”
“It’s just the hamburger on rice, right? And I know a few more. I can take over.”
“Thank you. I’m just going to get the recipes.”
The Centaur clip-clopped over to the demonstration table and smiled.
“Cook Imani is just going to get some reference materials. If you’re with me—let’s go over making the ground beef into patties. Have you all washed your hands?”
Some of the class were watching intently. But about…twelve of the thirty were looking impatient. Like Remiss. Imani hurried over and beckoned them.
“Excuse me? I have the recipes of what we’re going to make today. If you’d like, I can run through them with you while Palt goes step-by-step.”
She presented them with a small sheaf of neatly-copied recipes and instructions, with ingredients, measurements—all done by a [Scribe], very cheap.
Remiss, who had been folding his claws and glowering, blinked.
“You have the recipe books? And you’re just…giving them away?”
“Yes. I was going to hand them out after the class, but I didn’t realize you knew all the techniques. I would not want to waste your time…here.”
She handed them out to the higher-level [Chefs] and [Cooks] she’d noticed. The Drakes, Gnolls, and one Human looked at each other as they paged through.
“Mm. This is easy to understand! Not like some home-recipes I’ve had to copy. Thank you! I don’t think there’s much—certainly not the breakfasts. Good cooking! Thank you for the recipe, but I don’t need to know how to make a hamburger. Figured it out after four tries myself. Only trick was cooking it just right.”
One of the Gnolls commented. The others nodded. One frowned and raised a hand.
“Ah—I’d like to see the ice cream process, actually. And your technique making…what is this? A croissant? Intriguing.”
Imani was only too happy to show them. She waved at Palt, then took over the advanced class for a run through of what she’d go through with the others later.
It was refreshing to be around, well, experts who enjoyed something as much as you did. That was why Imani and Palt had somehow met. The Centaur had kept wandering in to ask how she’d prepared a dish and they got to talking about recipes, techniques…
And cooking was fun. Something Erin never really understood. She enjoyed serving food, but—Imani pushed the thoughts out of the way as she talked animatedly.
“So this technique is actually hard to do in a place with a [Preservation] spell. I actually had to ask…had to ask for a space without the effect to let the aging process take place for about four days. In a refrigerated place, though! So our patty is actually going to be poached in said butter as it melts…”
“This is decadent.”
“Heinous. I can’t wait to make some of these.”
