8.03
Page 16
“Well, I’m happy to share these ones if you all stop stealing my techniques! Anyways, I have more. These are just the basic ones.”
They all laughed at the first part, and then narrowed their eyes at the second. Imani sighed. Cooking was cutthroat in a world where a new recipe or a sudden rush of customers could mean a new level and thus Skill.
“But how long do apprentices take? Can’t they all take a…a class like this and learn how to do everything for a year or a few months?”
“That sounds like an apprenticeship but with more steps, Cook Imani. We’d still need to teach them more.”
“Yes, but it would stop…that.”
Palt had to halt the lesson again as he stopped the luckless Drake from using a chopping technique that was going to lose him a claw sooner or later. The other [Chefs] and [Cooks] looked at each other.
“I wouldn’t say ‘no’ if there was one. But who would want to teach all day? For that matter—we’re [Cooks]. We don’t enjoy training up good apprentices. I know I curse each time a senior one decides to leave. I’d pay proper [Cooks] as assistants if it wasn’t so expensive.”
A Gnoll sighed. Imani half-shook her head at the way they thought. The idea of institutionalized schooling, a system for it? It made so much sense to her—
But she saw how it was hard to occur naturally. Someone had to plan it out. Teaching was a skill, an actual skill, not Skill, and you had to find someone willing to teach it all.
“Well, I can at least teach your apprentices how to cut properly. It takes just an hour of time. If you want—you can send them to me and Palt. Peeling, chopping, maybe I should open it for everyone. Everyone should know how to cube a squash without losing a finger, shouldn’t they?”
All the cooks smiled at that. There was a sentiment they could get behind. They thanked Imani and left; two stayed to watch and talk as Imani went to help Palt with the class. After thirty minutes, one came over to ask if she was serious about teaching the apprentices. Imani looked at the luckless Drake, and then at Palt. She decided it was worth a shot.
Cutting, peeling, and…baking bread? She could always give the bread and output to Timbor to sell cheaply as snacks and appetizers.
 
—-
 
“Look at that.”
Elirr murmured. Permel glanced up; he was jotting notes down himself from the class they’d watched.
“What was that, Elirr?”
“A teacher or instructor of some sort…”
Elirr remembered a silly request. His eyes stung and he looked away. Permel didn’t understand the context and gave him a blank look.
“Miss Imani could be another good one to send. She cooks—she is polite—”
“She was attacked by Crelers. She is fine now, yes, but I would not want to make her travel.”
“Hrr. No. And the Centaur would want to come too. And he is Wistram—”
And the tribes hated Wistram. Elirr snapped his fingers together. Three down! Drat. Four to go.
“Well, maybe—who is left? Rose, Galina, Leon, Troy…hrm. I do not know about Leon and Troy—I heard there was trouble from Erin when I visited.”
The Gnoll [Scribe] nodded.
“Perhaps not them. But Rose or Galina? Where are they? I have seen Miss Rose about now and then, especially helping Joseph or Kevin. But not Galina.”
That was a good question. The Gnolls looked at each other. And they realized no one had seen Galina for…
 
—-
 
Galina was gone. It was a slow realization for Ishkr. Selys noticed when she came back to check on Mrsha just around lunch.
“You haven’t seen Galina?”
“No…but the guests feed themselves. But now that you say it, Selys, I have not seen Miss Galina in…er…”
