8.03
Page 15
Some of the Drakes and Gnolls were discussing the technique—one among many. They had varying fields of knowledge; the [Soup Chef] could have taught everyone about soups, for instance, but Imani was explaining some of the more esoteric ideas to them. They watched as Imani began to poach said hamburger in the butter wrap…
“I’d never have the time to personally prepare some of the meals with how much food I have to serve during the busy hours. Well, that’s what an apprentice is for.”
Remiss commented to another [Cook] and the man nodded. Everyone winced as someone dropped a bowl from the junior-instructional area. Imani didn’t even have to look to guess who it was, from the apologizing voice.
“Who is that klutz?”
Remiss was outraged. A Gnoll—Errez—murmured.
“That must be Cepil. Young lad—recently apprenticed. You’d never guess it, but amazingly precise at telling when something’s perfectly done. Give him a steak and he’ll make it medium-rare even if the heat’s twice as hot as it should be. Not even a Skill, just good temperature-sense.”
“Well, he’s not ready to learn any of this. Why did his master pay to let him…?”
“Ah. Remiss? His master—Yen? She’s dead. Army versus Hectval.”
Imani’s fingers slipped as she was cutting up some nuts. A hand darted out—Remiss caught the knife a second before it could slash her. Shaken, she stopped.
“I’m sorry. Thank you—”
“Think nothing of it. I see. And no one’s taken him in?”
“Not a one. Not that Yen was ever good at teaching the basics. Did you see the way she cut up…?”
The [Cooks] and [Chefs] were laughing, talking, but sadly. Even here, the aftereffects were present. Imani turned to look at the Drake apprentice in a new light.
So did Remiss.
“Well, someone should take him under their wing. I’ll put up with him in my kitchens, at least until he stops dropping everything in sight.”
“Excuse me—we’re just doing frosting now. Decorations for the cake you wanted?”
Imani adjusted the cooking hamburger example. The others jumped.
“Terribly sorry, Cook Imani.”
Some of them ducked their heads. Imani shook hers.
“No—it’s fine. I was just wondering, is that how it works? You apprentice to a master? Can’t he learn any other way?”
One of the Gnolls scratched his ear. He was very careful about getting hair in his food, Imani noticed, and stood well back from her work space.
“If he has the talent and drive? He’s fine to. But otherwise he should get a good master. Mind you—not all can teach properly. My master never taught me how to properly debone a fish. Never learned; his one weakness each spring. That was how he died.”
“He choked to death on a fish bone in his dish? That’s awful.”
A female Drake commented. The Gnoll gave her a crooked smile.
“No. Someone else nearly did and they stabbed him.”
Imani shivered. The others shook their heads.
“Different standards of teaching. You can see it—see that Drake over there? The girl so artfully doing everything? Her master is Tell Rissiel. I’m sure she’ll be an amazing [Chef].”
Imani listened as she mixed up some frosting and coated a demo-cake. Then served everyone a slice. They nodded appreciatively, asking her about toppings. Had she ever tried meats? Imani suspected there might be some weird cakes coming out of Liscor soon.
“So there’s no school for new cooks?”
“School? Like some…some…well, no!”
One of the Drakes snorted as he took a bite of his cake. He shook his head, chewing.
“Good cake. No, we were all surprised you even were holding this class. Normally we fight tooth-and-claw over recipes.”
