8.03
Page 11
Humans and inn. It was true most did not stay at the inn. The Gnolls of Liscor were considering their options.
Kevin was your first pick, obviously. Because he was Kevin. But because he was Kevin, he was useful wherever. So was there a second-tier pick which was actually superior since they wouldn’t be as missed?
No one wanted to give Krshia a headache, though. But still…consider the options. Check the field.
And speaking of fields…as the sun rose, a young man jogged across the grass.
He had a headache. But he was moving quickly. Despair and activity alternated place with Joseph. He had a drinking problem. Yet what got him out of bed as soon as Kevin was responsibility.
Maybe it was a purpose. Maybe it was the conscience of knowing hopes and dreams rested on his shoulders.
Maybe it was because the team would drag him out of bed if he didn’t make it to practice.
It could be any number of things, really.
Football—real football—had a team of eleven players. But obviously, a team should be larger so they could be rotated in and out. And given how some people might have accidents, and those accidents could also be ‘monster attack’ in this world, thirty players were jogging after Joseph.
And that was only Liscor’s team. And only the adults! The little leaguers were trying to follow, but Joseph had had them stop after only one ‘lap’ of Liscor. They had heart, but it was hard to keep up with adults and their parents would be upset if they pushed too hard.
Besides, they had practice all day. Joseph thought that was insane, but for these players?
The game was all. Mind you, he’d be going to Invrisil to coach a second team after lunch. But he started them off with the run. He panted, and then shouted, half-exasperated.
“Pick up the pace! Don’t stop! This is the final lap!”
Four laps around the city, each day. He had to stop drinking; it was miserable with a hangover and before breakfast. To drown out the pain, Joseph shouted the chant they’d made up.
“Which city wins at every game? Liscor!”
“Liscor!”
The Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans echoed him. Joseph winced. The new [Kickers] ran in a line; from the walls he heard a slight cheer before the Senior Guardsman admonished the [Guard].
It was like, well, home. And seeing a beloved team—undefeated!—practicing. There would be a game in a week’s time. No chance of Esthelm winning. Not yet. But soon there would be competition. Invrisil practically guaranteed it since Joseph was creating their team, and they had some strong players…
“Say it louder!”
“Liscor! One, two, three, four! Liscor roars and always scores!”
Oh, the developing culture of the game. Both Drakes and Gnolls found reasons to like bot baseball with the Gnoll love of catching the ball and Drakes liked the idea of possession of the football. And vice versa.
Also—it was a bit easier for Drakes in Pallass to play soccer in a confined space than baseball.
Basketball now? Well, Joseph was no good at that. But somehow, here he was.
Joseph the Soccer Player. And damn Erin for…for…giving him that nickname and spreading the misinformation about the proper name around.
A celebrity, though. He had people coming up to him asking for an autograph. Sometimes very attractive people, of every species. Joseph concentrated on running, on teaching the players football. It beat thinking about anything else.
The Gnolls watched from the hilltop, lying flat to observe. Well—one of them was keeping an eye out for Shield Spiders or Rock Crabs, too.
“He could be good, yes? A celebrity.”
“Hrm. But he drinks. And he is not as discreet as Kevin, I think.”
