8.03
Page 45
“What the f—”
Ryoka blew past Alevica. The [Witch] twisted to catch her and was nearly blown away. There was a wind surrounding Ryoka!
She was her own breeze! Ryoka felt the magic burning in her veins. That was it! The final clue. She laughed as she felt her magic exhausting itself to keep her going.
She landed just past the fields, turning, slowing—and at the last moment a mighty updraft totally stopped her momentum. Ryoka hovered—then dropped.
The Wind Runner was panting. Both physically and mentally—and magically—drained from the flight. But she was grinning like a madwoman.
Lord Tyrion was the first to arrive, then Alevica, who had lost her hat. Charlay, the nobility—Ryoka was trying to speak.
“It—that was—where’d my glider go?”
“The forest. I saw it land. That was insane! Ryoka! You’re flying! You’re practically a Garuda! That’s not fair! I’m supposed to be the faster one!”
Charlay swept her up into a hug. Ryoka felt the Centauress squeezing. She laughed.
“That was—intense. I should have had goggles. Or an amulet.”
“We thought you were mad when you cut yourself loose of the glider!”
“I knew what would happen. Or I thought so. And I had insurance.”
“Insurance?”
Tyrion raised an eyebrow. Ryoka showed him the second object in her grip; she’d put away the Faeblade.
A bottle. A Potion of Slow Fall, in addition to Hedault’s crash-ring. His eyes flickered and he nodded.
“Wise.”
The Wind Runner nodded to him. Then Charlay hugged her again until Ryoka squeaked and asked to be let go. Then everyone wanted to know what the Wingsuit was—and Hethon and Sammial were already begging to try, which neither Ryoka nor Jericha would countenance.
Bethal wanted to try too, which her husband shot down, and Ryoka had to tell people about the dangers of non-wind hang-gliding—but admit it was a possibility. Pebblesnatch’s mouth opened wide as she peeked out of the forest.
Word spread. Well—who cared about word spreading? The nobles here had seen it! The Wind Runner had built her own wings!
She was a flying Courier.
 
—-
 
The fire burned. Ulvama saw Numbtongue sitting with it.
In the inn. He held it in one palm. And he was drinking—water. Eating.
Light had returned to the inn. It was small, but Mrsha had put it on her head. Selys was fussing—
“Does it hurt? Is it burning your fur?”
The Gnoll looked cross-eyed at the flame burning on her head and giggled. She laughed, and it was a good sound to hear. Ulvama smiled.
Fire could not solve all the world’s problems. It usually added to them. But this was a special flame. It was beautiful, glorious, sad, humble, and powerful all at once.
Ishkr cupped a tiny flame in his paws. It might go out. It might be extinguished. And so what?
Light it again! However many times it took.
Until she came back.
Bird sat with the flame burning on the table in front of him. It began to go out—until he scooped it up. Only then did the flame brighten. This fire could not exist without someone holding it. He looked at it, trembling. Rose and Selys watched him out of the corner of their eyes.
After a long time, the Worker whispered.
“I miss my Fortress of Fluff. I wish I had not cut Miss Bevussa’s feather up, now.”
“We’ll help you get it back, Bird.”
Selys would toss gold at people if it meant getting back his possessions. Beat them to death with sacks of it. She went to Bird. He held the flame. And the vengeance against Hectval seemed less important than this.
Fire and memory. They would carry word of it. Carry the flame. It was not yet lost. It was a sign, a symbol.
