8.03
Page 32
Signed autographs by the King of Chivalry himself. Arthur of Camelot, the King of Knights. All three ages, although the youngest Arthur Pendragon’s personal one to her was never going to be sold. But she had the most valuable autographs in the world if she could convince anyone they were legitimate.
Footwear, sword, and autograph. Had she gone shopping at the world’s weirdest mall or something?
All that. And here she was, back where she’d started. Letting kids sail around on makeshift sailboats. Ryoka felt like she was back at Reizmelt.
She sat there, watching as Lord Hethon and Sammial shouted with glee. Sammial had tied Ryoka’s bed sheets in a knot around his chest and was being dragged backwards. He hopped, and travelled a good fourteen feet before he landed. The wind playfully blew Hethon about, and he was laughing and trying to hop and touch the rooftops and leap from there.
“Careful, Lord Hethon, Lord Sammial! Miss Griffin, can you control the wind?”
“I don’t quite control it, Jericha. It’s…safe. Probably.”
The bespectacled woman gave Ryoka a look saying that ‘probably’ wasn’t nearly good enough. She watched anxiously, wand at the ready.
Ryoka watched too.
After all the travails and heartache, here she was. She had come so close. She had the scroll in her hand. And now—
The Gods were alive. She had seen the message on Laken’s phone. She had known…what? That someone in Wistram was on their side? How had they known what to send?
Laken didn’t know what to make of it either, but he was…cagey about what he’d seen.
What now? Ryoka sat there. The boys were laughing. And soon, more people heard the laughter and came running.
“Wot’s this now? Look at that! Come on, you lot!”
A slightly scruffy boy stopped and stared as he saw Sammial being blown around and Jericha chasing after him. He wasn’t far off the ground, but he was flying. Grev Redigal pointed, and heads turned.
Lady Eliasor Melissar, two of Mister Prost’s children, eight young [Lords] and [Ladies], fourteen more of Riverfarm’s own, and six [Witches] all stared, mouths agape.
Well, the [Witches] looked more familiar with flying. Grev was delighted.
“It’s Miss Griffin, innit? I heard she was the Wind Runner—let’s all fly! Come on! All we need’s a sheet!”
“Are you sure, Mister Grev? She was at the party. She could be…odd.”
Eliasor wasn’t certain. Lady Zanthia had debriefed her wards after the party and cautioned them about what had occurred, but she wasn’t here to ask; she was still abed. Sick, from the trials of the party.
The scarf. It had turned to dust the next day, but Lady Zanthia had slept four days from the stress of it and was still abed.
Grev was already racing forwards before Eliasor could object, though.
“Miss Griffin! Miss Griffin, will you let us do that?”
The Wind Runner waved at him; Grev grinned and turned to the others.
“She’s alright! Come on—she’s fine. I know her!”
Grev knew everyone. And he had somehow become the center of this group of children. After all—he was Jasi’s brother, and a Face of Invrisil. He gestured at the others, then went back to chivvy one of the slower children along.
“Come on, Nanette!”
The [Witch] girl didn’t smile with anticipation. But she did quicken her steps a bit as the others broke up to grab whatever sheets and blankets they could find. The Riverfarm [Washers] and people objected to the purloining of their sheets, but they stopped when they saw who it was taking them—the noble’s children, rather—and what they were being used for.
