8.03
Page 22
There was even frozen ice up there, in wooden ice cube trays that Erin had made. Ice in your drink was normally something you paid for. Here? It was one of the reasons why people paid Lyonette’s prices. Ice in your drink. You had to know to ask, but regulars like Menolit liked having it all the time.
But why was ice here? Ulvama was confused.
“Preservation Skill in the inn? No. That doesn’t work. Why is this place cold? Strange. Strange…”
She narrowed her eyes and dug around in the freezer. Mrsha heard a gasp and knew what she’d found.
A lantern. It was probably running low unless Ishkr had replaced the fuel, but it burned for long periods. This flame, at least. It was the source of the cold. Actually—four lanterns were enough for freezing in a cold environment.
A cheap freezer. Cheaper than Hedault’s work, and he could have done it, or Montressa or Palt. Freezing was not hard if you had enough money, just like the preservation spell.
It was just The Wandering Inn’s style to do it this way, though. Mrsha felt a pang. She turned her head as Ulvama investigated the lantern. It was probably shuttered to avoid depressing anyone; it grew cold either way. And Mrsha was sad enough…
Or maybe not sad enough. She peeked. What could the flame do to her anyways? She deserved that too, for she was Doombringer. She was d—
Ulvama stood, holding the opened lantern facing her. Mrsha could not see the blue, beautifully painful flame of sadness and guilt and loss. But she knew what it looked like.
What she did see was Ulvama. The Hobgoblin’s crimson eyes were open, staring.
Tears were running down her face, dripping down her cheeks and chin and onto the floor. Her eyes were wide. Her face contorted by grief.
Mrsha stared. She had not expected this. Somehow—childishly—she had forgotten that Ulvama was a person. That maybe she had reasons to be sad. She just seemed so bossy or mean or…
The Hobgoblin’s arms shook. She reached to close the shutter. But then seemed unable to. She leaned on the counter. And then her body was shaking. Her chest heaved as more tears fell from her eyes. So many.
She collapsed in the blue glow, onto the floor, weeping silently. Mrsha saw her shaking. The little Gnoll stared. Then crept forwards.
 
—-
 
…all of them, dead. Thousands upon thousands. Tens of thousands. Each one she had known. Dead. 
Dead! Slaughtered. The Great Chieftain of the Mountain, who had met his end without fleeing.
As it was. As it always was. Ulvama tried to stop. But the flame burned her. She tried to stop crying—but she could not.
She had failed them. She was tribeless. Worthless. And that was only what had happened recently. Too much. It was all there, burning like a dagger in her chest. Cold flame. She was—
Click. The tiny sound was matched by the pain welling up in her shutting off. Ulvama gasped and jerked. She looked up.
The lantern with the dreadful flame was closed. Someone had shut it. Not her.
A little white Gnoll stared down at her from the counter. She had done it. Seen Ulvama’s suffering and…
Something like recognition flickered in Mrsha’s eyes. She slowly watched as Ulvama drew herself up. The two regarded each other in silence. After a second, Ulvama drew breath.
Another fire? She looked at the little Gnoll. Mrsha did not run. She saw Ulvama reach out and then steady herself on the counter. She nodded to the girl.
“Good little Gnoll-child.”
They looked at each other a second time. After a second, Mrsha sat on the counter and began eating the linguini. Ulvama joined her after a second. And she noticed it still burning.
