8.03
Page 42
“I didn’t get what I wanted. Not all of it, Sammial. And I’ve got a lot to do.”
Ryoka spoke to him as she adjusted the straps and harness. The others were backing up. He looked at her. The City Runner looked…worn. Sad.
But not empty of resolve. She glanced up at the sky, her lips moving upwards as she looked at him out of the corner of her eye.
“But you got something.”
“Yes.”
He meant the secret artifact. But Ryoka meant something else. She sighed.
“The strangers—they’re friends of a sort. And they couldn’t help me in the end. But they didn’t leave me with nothing. They gave me some things. And…well, they told me what I might need to do. Where I might need to go. But they gave me one more thing. Hah. Three and three again. A trinity.”
“What, exactly?”
Jericha looked at Ryoka. The wind was picking up. Across Riverfarm, people were working, the nobles riding in the distance. The [Witches] at their craft. Ryoka Griffin’s hair blew in the breeze.
“They gave me gifts, and knowledge. And one more thing. Can you guess what it is?”
She looked at Hethon. He shook his head blankly. Sammial bit his tongue.
“Is it—is it—I don’t know. What is it?”
The Wind Runner looked at him. And her green eyes sparkled. She looked happy for the first time since the Solstice had ended. She glanced up. Then grinned.
“They taught me how to fly.”
She leapt, and the air pulled her into the sky. Sammial’s mouth opened wide. He waited for her to come down.
But she never did. The wind caught the glider as it leapt upwards. Ryoka was blown upwards in a second. She clung to the bar and everyone gasped. They waited for the wind to hurl her—
Ryoka twisted in the air and flew higher. Then she dove. She skimmed over the tops of Riverfarm’s roofs. Then turned. Sammial realized it first as she did a U-turn and came back the way she’d come towards him.
“She’s really flying! Look! She’s really—”
Jericha, Hethon, and the others looked at him without understanding. Then they saw what he meant. Ryoka dipped—and flashed right over the heads of the crowd who ducked. She winked at Sammial and then the updraft carried her into the air once more.
This wasn’t following the wind. She was—Sammial’s mouth opened wider, wider—such that even Apista could have buzzed in and out. He saw Ryoka accelerating. Faster.
The Wind Runner was flying.
 
—-
 
The group of nobles on horseback were enjoying a leisurely hunt, which did not suit the ones who had actually come to hunt. 
Lord Tyrion kept riding ahead with Gralton, rather than socializing. Pellmia alternated between social graces and spirited riding. Typically, Pryde was in the ‘move fast’ group and seemed to want to make it a competition who could bag the better game.
Bethal was taking her leisure and chattering away with Wuvren. Lord Tyrion was grinding his teeth. He longed to be riding. He’d had a ride this morning, but with Lord Pellmia. And no disrespect to the other [Lord], a good campaigner and fighter and [Lord], but no one could keep up with Tyrion in the saddle.
It was the freedom to ride that Lord Tyrion sought in his morning rituals. Since it had been denied him, he was grumpy.
His head was turning impatiently, for a Corusdeer or other quarry he could use to take off after. Thus—he was the first one to see the speck in the air heading their way.
It was coming from Riverfarm. For a second he thought it was one of the ‘kites’ that Emperor Godart had shown the children how to make. But then he did a double-take.
“Tyrion? What is it?”
