8.03
Page 17
The Gnoll hurried to Galina’s room. He knocked—then tentatively tried the handle. When they opened the door?
Her room was empty. The two looked at each other.
“Are you looking for Galina?”
Rose had been neighbors to the young woman. She poked her head out the door; Ishkr and Selys saw she was red-eyed. Also, holding a book.
Rose had been reading books when not helping some of the others. Just…reading. Holed up in her room, processing grief differently. She shook her head.
“She’s in Invrisil. Didn’t she tell you?”
“No! What is she doing there, Rose?”
Selys was aghast. Rose just shook her head.
“She’s joining the Players of Celum. For real. She’s going with Wesle, Jasi—Emme offered her the spot and Temile will keep her if not. They were fighting over it.”
“She never told me!”
“Maybe she told Lyonette. I don’t think we were really talking about it. She just said—she said she couldn’t stay. I know how she feels.”
Rose sniffed. Selys exchanged a glance with Ishkr.
They were moving out. Moving away. So fast, without someone to tether them. It was strange, for the Humans who had stuck so closely together at Magnolia’s mansion. But then again…Selys recalled that Galina had always been watching the Players and hanging out with the [Actors], even going on stage.
Theatre had stolen another one. Selys shook her head.
“I—I’ll tell Lyonette. She should be at Oteslia soon. I don’t know what else to do…”
There was no one else to tell. Ryoka? Selys looked around.
“You haven’t seen Mrsha, have you, Rose? She needs to eat lunch.”
“I think I heard her run upstairs. And that female Hobgoblin was about.”
Rose sniffed again. She closed the door as Selys looked around. She opened the door to Lyonette and Mrsha’s room. If only Mrsha would let Selys take her to Selys’ apartment! But like last time, Mrsha refused to leave. It was so heartbreaking. Selys called out.
“Mrsha? It’s time to eat. Come on, Mr—”
Zap. Ishkr had been looking around Galina’s room to see how much cleaning it needed. He heard the peculiar sound, stepped out—
And saw Selys, stiff as a board, neck spines standing straight up. She was vibrating slightly, her foot on a glowing rune—
“Aha! Got you, stupid little—”
A [Shaman] came racing up the stairs. Ulvama lowered her staff as she saw Selys recoil from the trap rune. The Drake shuddered. She and Ishkr turned…
Ulvama looked at them. She backed up.
“Wrong person.”
She fled down the stairs again. Selys touched her chest.
“I felt all staticy for a second there! Like my entire body went to sleep! What was—is she safe?”
She turned to Ishkr. The Gnoll blinked.
“I have never seen her do anything like that before. I…don’t know.”
He felt a bit uneasy. She was a Goblin. But Ishkr knew that Goblin…didn’t mean all Goblins. He had seen both the kindly ones and remembered the unkindly ones. He wished—
Well, everyone knew what he wished. Selys was shaken. She caught her breath, and heard a flat voice.
“She looks around. She feeds Mrsha. She does not seem dangerous. If she is, I will kill her.”
Selys and Ishkr turned once more as another door opened down the hallway. They saw a mandible and eye stare at them from a slightly-open door. The nameplate was shiny brass, but they didn’t need to read it.
“Bird?”
It was the first time anyone had seen Bird since…Selys hurried over. Bird didn’t open the door.
“Bird! I haven’t seen you in ages! Are you okay? Have you eaten?”
“No. And no. I am Bird, Selys.”
It was the same way of talking. The same Antinium—but a different Bird. The Drake [Heiress] hesitated at the door. Ishkr walked over.
