8.03
Page 46
As much as anything else. Anything could be a sign. But this? This was good.
The door to The Wandering Inn opened as the light came back. The first visitors in a long time came, bearing a flower to tell Rose that she was the lucky pick they’d settled on. If she was willing to make a commitment, that was.
And Mrsha looked at Ulvama and decided she was okay. The Hobgoblin contently sipped from the alcohol collection she’d finally discovered at the back of the bar—she’d never actually seen a bar in her life before.
This inn was better than she thought!
 
—-
 
I relax afterwards. I meant what I told Sammial. There are always consequences.
For instance—I may have introduced hang-gliding to this world and thus upped aviated deaths by an uncountable number. But you know what? To hell with it.
There are people from Earth here. And I need to fly. I have a sword from another time and reality and even if magic can destroy it, I can use it.
I will use it. Every tool and means I have. Teriarch. My head is spinning.
I just received word from him. From ‘Grand Magus Eldavin’, rather. Who’s at…Wistram Academy?
Holy fuck. Unholy fuck. Why am I swearing? I have to send him a reply. Does he want an autograph by the King of Chivalry himself, in triplicate? Does he want a super-sword? Please.
Oh, please.
And if that doesn’t work? If he refuses? Well—it’s probably still a bit more dangerous to raid a Dragon’s hoard. But I’ll risk it. Whatever I need to do, I will.
Halrac just told me Griffon Hunt is taking a leave of absence from Riverfarm, despite their contract. The Horns of Hammerad have sent out a call.
We will not let Erin stay dead. So, my heart is lighter even as I talk with Lord Tyrion. For some reason, he seems to still tolerate me. Maybe because of the kids. Maybe that’s a way to persuade him. No one else seems willing to really treat Sammial like they should.
And I’ll be a Courier. I’ll do what it takes. I can move across Izril now. Even if I need to learn the air. Even if I can still run out of mana. But Ryoka is flying your deliveries now.
…Am I going to get out of shape? Well, running is still useful, especially during rain.
All of this is in my future. I am not afraid of it. But before that—the scroll. Perhaps Teriarch can help. Perhaps the Horns or someone else. But if I believe the fae, maybe this is the best and most likely solution. Ivolethe always said it was ‘if’, not ‘when’. Maybe I have no chance and the answer is some other way.
But I know where it is. I know where something that can help Erin lies. I only must get to it. 
If only it was easy. If only it was convenient, like challenging Lady Pryde to a cage match. Because I knew that vault. I’ve seen that symbol on the news. A famous place.
Hells, hells, hells. It’s not even close by. Even for a flier. But…well…
Ailendamus.
How the heck am I going to get in there?
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I need help. Is there a group for authors who can’t write under 25,000 words?
And this is even longer than the last three chapters.
But I had fun writing the last parts of it. And with this—we may be ‘caught up’ in most of the central plotlines. Not that we’ve been stagnant, but the opening of a volume or book in a series does need recap.
Does everyone remember Ailendamus? Ah, well, here we go. Flying and technological swords (I’m accepting better names than Faeblade or Techblade, by the way), and more.
Hope you enjoy! There’s only actually 1-2 more chapters before my monthly break…but the poll chapter will be one of them! See you next time and hope you enjoyed this one! Thanks for reading!
 
