8.03
Page 40
But she might need Lord Tyrion’s help. And she had called on more than enough favors for him to consider the debt repaid. Yet she might need the aid of House Veltras. The Emperor of Riverfarm.
Even more. Ryoka straightened as the children begged for another go.
“In a moment. Right now…I need to do something. You can all watch, but—there she is. Miss Yesel?”
She turned to Prost’s wife. The woman was waving at her.
“Is now a good time, Miss Griffin? We finished what you were asking for. We think it’s all good—it’s quite an honor, you entrusting it to us!”
“Well, you are the best [Needlewomen] and [Sewers] so on in all of Riverfarm. Er—except for—”
Belavierr. And there was no way in any hell Ryoka would ever ask for aid from her.
Miss Yesel’s face darkened at the unspoken name, but she smiled, beckoning Ryoka. The kids, curious now, followed. Some knew what Ryoka had asked the woman and the other [Seamstresses] and so on’s aid for and brightened.
Not just them, but [Carpenters], woodworkers, even the crabby, spitty Jelov’s aid. It was two things, rather. Ryoka followed the woman.
“I have to pay you, Miss Yesel—”
“His Majesty won’t hear of it. Besides which, it is something to brag about. At least, if you keep using it!”
“I’ll try. I still have the scarf you gave me. It kept me warm all winter, Miss Yesel.”
“Do you? Oh my, that seems so long ago. I’m glad you kept it!”
Ryoka smiled. It was a polite lie; she’d actually burned the scarf less than a week after receiving it. During the Winter Solstice.
This world sucked sometimes. Sammial was still angry and miserable again as he saw the Wind Runner conferring with Miss Yesel. He wanted to see, but the other children—and even some adults, the women whom Ryoka had asked for help from and [Builders] and even the [Engineers] were all crowded around and she was thanking them and shaking hands.
“Does this mean you’ll be leaving soon?”
It was one of the things she had stayed for. Sammial stared up at Ryoka miserably as Jericha helped him through the crowd. He stared at the…triangle of cloth. The light wooden frame. The children looked avid.
Ryoka had changed her clothing too. She was adjusting her new garments and Sammial thought they looked interesting—and stupid—at the same time. He knew what it was they’d finished.
And it was exciting—but it meant she was going to go. The Wind Runner hesitated.
“I will have to go back to work, Sammial. I am a Runner.”
“Courier. You’re a Courier now.”
Ryoka blinked as if she’d forgotten that. She smiled at Sammial, faintly.
“Yes, well. That too. But if you want, I can always drop by, Sammial. And I’m not leaving right away.”
The hang glider sat there as she adjusted her clothing again and took a breath. Sammial stared at it.
“Are you going to use that thing again? You said you’d crash like a bug if you did.”
Indeed, Jericha was eying Ryoka as if she was insane. The Wind Runner’s first flight during the run to House Veltras had nearly killed Ryoka. The Wind Runner shuddered at the memory.
But not all had been for naught.
 
—-
 
The Hobgoblin [Bard] saw Ulvama coming up the hill again. She had more clothing on, but his eyes flashed and his hand shifted on the blade.
If she tried to touch him again, she would lose her hand. He was on the edge of all things. Numbtongue wanted to kill something. He wanted the simplicity of violence.
He looked at her with murderous intent. But Ulvama was walking up the hill, aiming past him. She was headed—
