8.03
Page 12
“You think Kevin is discreet? Hah! You just like him because he reminds you of the grandson you do not have.”
“So what? Stop bothering me, Elirr. You have cute little Mrsha. Where is she, by the way?”
“…I have not checked. Ow!”
“You are leaving that child alone when her mother is gone and that [Innkeeper] is dead? Shame on you! We’re visiting the inn after this. Anyways. Joseph is good, but he cannot go; there are too many people depending on him here. And we must win the next game.”
Elirr massaged his ear.
“True, true. Well, a shame. Let us—oh!”
The oh was because the spying Gnolls realized another group was conspicuously worming its way through the grass. The two Drakes stared at them. One coughed.
“Er—sorry. Are you here to check out Liscor’s team too?”
“No…we were just finished.”
The three Gnolls exchanged a look. The Pallassian Drakes nodded to each other.
“Well, we’ll just take this spot. Have they begun practice yet?”
Elirr stared over his shoulder as the two observers set up their own observation of the Liscorian team practice. He had a distinct desire to want to rat them out to Joseph or the City Watch.
“Spies. They are everywhere, yes? Not that copying our team will let them win! When’s the next game?”
He huffed with civic pride. The other two grinned at him. Hemera scratched at her chin.
“Speaking of spies…why don’t we check on someone before we visit the inn, yes? I hear Miss Imani is holding a…a…class? In the city.”
The other Gnolls raised their brows.
“A class?”
 
—-
 
“The first step is to cut the squash into roughly one inch cubes. We’re going to bake it, so let’s all do that.”
Imani grabbed the butternut squash, fresh from Oteslia, and began peeling the outer rind with well, a peeler. Shreds came off and the Gnolls and Drakes in her cooking tutorial class copied her.
Elirr and the other two Gnolls peeked in the windows—before someone coughed.
“You have to pay for instruction—wait, is that Elirr?”
Palt had caught the three Gnolls. The Centaur was smoking as per usual and the stern look he gave to the three peeking into the window of the large kitchen rented to Imani for the day turned to one of surprise.
“Er, hello Palt. We were only checking in on Imani.”
The [Illusionist] blinked at Elirr’s shamefaced look. Also—the hat and rather conspicuous long coats each Gnoll was wearing.
“I…see. Well, she’s teaching the [Cooks] and [Chefs].”
“Teaching?”
“Some of The Wandering Inn’s recipes. Cakes, cookies—anything they want. It beats people stealing her recipes every time she comes out with something. Not that…it’s a problem anymore.”
Because The Wandering Inn was closed. Elirr’s ears drooped.
“Is she working, then?”
“What? Oh, yes. At The Drunken Gnoll. The inn run by Timbor Parthian?”
“Ah, the new Human inn. That is good. That is…well, we just wanted to see how she was doing.”
The three Gnolls apologized. Palt hesitated then waved it off. He exhaled a ring of smoke from his cigar.
“…If it’s you, it’s probably fine. Come in. Just watch from afar.”
 
—-
 
Inside, Imani was teaching her first class of [Cooks] her recipes. She’d started with one of her breakfasts. Which included cubed, baked squash—until it was tender and firm, seasoned just right—that was just the side, obviously.
She had decided to offer it after one spy too many. Of course…much had changed since then, but Imani had decided to do it anyways. Just because she didn’t have to cook all the time at Timbor’s inn; he might not have Erin’s Skill, but he had invested in Runes of Preservation like any good [Innkeeper] so he had his own ‘stock’ of fresh foods.
