8.03
Page 27
*No, that sounds stupid. Lightsword? Hardlight blade? Sword of Light? Wow, I cannot name things.
 
I take a calming breath. The trick to calming breaths is to take huge ones, so that hopefully it distracts you, lets you calm down—or you pass out.
It’s that or kill Sammy.
Sammial Veltras. A ‘prodigy’ in that he has an aura and he’s so young. Not even ten? I forget. Hethon is more reserved, more likable. Sammy is a brat.
However, Ryoka, remember all the lessons you’ve learned over your tenure in this world. Namely? You’re a brat. You were, still probably are, and he’s a kid.
So I take a breath, and look at him.
“You were watching me all morning, Sammy?”
“Except when you took off your clothes. I turned away. Where did you get that? From the weird people? I didn’t get to talk to them, except the rude one with horns on her head. Jericha said it was too dangerous. She says you’re an unpredictable element. Where did you go? You vanished. Then fell out of the sky!”
All true. I wonder what the party guests think. Laken claims they were assailed by four—then five strangers who brought shadows and knew the fae.
No guesses who they are. I shouldn’t have even said their name, even by accident. Holy hells. We are in trouble.
I look at Sammy. He doesn’t know any of this. He’s just staring at the faeblade*. I sigh.
 
*Damn it, it’s starting to stick.
 
“Sammy—it’s a secret. I’m sorry, I can’t tell you.”
His eyes narrow again. He has a temper worse than mine, something I’ve observed. Is it natural, because he’s young, or because he has no mother and his father’s as distant as mine?
“I order you to! I’m sick of adult secrets!”
Again, his aura assails me. I grit my teeth, but in truth, he might be a prodigy but I’ve met Magnolia Reinhart and uppity Dragons. Yes, plural. I wish I could have talked to the Dragon of the Trashheap again.
Still, it’s rather like someone trying to force you to do something by grabbing the nape of your neck. At least how Sammial does it. Magnolia’s subtle. He’s like someone kicking the back of your head, all brute force.
It makes me mad. So does the spying! However, calming breath. I try to think of something reasonable to say.
It’s funny, because a while ago, my go-to response would be, verbatim—‘you little shit, I will kick you into the sun.’
And to judge by some of the things I saw, that’s not entirely unwarranted with Sammial, at least. He rubs people the wrong way and it’s not his fault per se. He’s patently miserable.
How do I know? He’s always angry, always demanding things, and always wants attention. Guess who that reminds me of*?
 
*Angry Ryoka, ages 3 to present. Accept no substitutes.
 
And no, I’m not wiser for going into the land of the fae. I have…learned things. But I’m not better at controlling my temper. I just know I have one and what happens if I snap.
I’m not smarter. I’m not better. I’m just more experienced. And—let that make all the difference.
“Sammy. Stop using your aura on me.”
“Tell me what that is!”
“Sammial Veltras. I said, stop using your aura on me.”
I look at him. His tenuous control wavered and I feel the pressure relent. I nod.
“Good. Don’t use your aura on me. Not now, and not on other people. This is like being rude. No—it’s worse than being rude.”
His cheeks redden. He opens his mouth and lets out a whooping cough. He tries to speak, begins hacking.
Asthma? I look around for…what, a paper bag? An inhaler? I have neither, and within seconds he’s done. He pretends nothing happened. I feel bad for him.
“You’re not Jericha! Stop telling me what to do!”
