8.03
Page 13
Imani had run into a problem, though. Which was that the crowd of about thirty or so people taking her lesson weren’t all on the same page.
They were about six to a table, since it was a waste of food and time for each person to work on the dish. And it was hands—or paws—or claws-on work. But Imani saw one group of [Apprentice Cooks] struggling.
One group of impatient Drakes had already peeled their entire squash, sliced it open, removed the pulpy, seedy core, and begun cubing it. They were clearly the advanced crowd. As good as Lasica, well nearly…
Poor Lasica. Imani swallowed hard as she thought of that. She hadn’t seen either Lasica or Rufelt since…
Anyways. The apprentices were in trouble.
“Are you having a hard time with the peeler?”
They were only a quarter done. The Drake looked embarrassed as another apprentice clearly wanted to take it and do a good job.
“Sorry, Master Imani—I’m just having a tough time!”
He’d hit his hand twice. Imani stared at him.
The Drake was using the peeler—much like the ones from her world, a type of blade on a handle, to peel the hard rind of a squash off. Obviously it wasn’t the easiest thing because the squash was gourd-shaped. But still.
He was peeling towards himself as he held the squash sideways. Imani slowly took the squash and tilted it.
“…It might be your technique. Why don’t you peel down like so, and…?”
The Drake tried it. He gasped.
“That’s so easy!”
Gravity and the cutting board meant he wasn’t in danger of hitting his scales every time he cut. The rind came away.
“Dead gods, what have I been doing with my life?”
The other apprentices groaned—but two looked like they shared the unlucky Drake’s opinion. Imani shook her head as she joined the other tables.
“Sorry for the delay.”
“Hah. We’re paying for lessons, not hand-holding.”
One of the [Chefs] groused. He’d created perfect cubes of squash. Imani half-agreed; she felt like it might be a waste of his time.
“I’m sorry, Chef…?”
“Remiss. I work at the Tailless Thief? I’m here to learn your secrets.”
The Drake nodded to Imani. He was stiff—a tad bit unfriendly, but perhaps it was warranted. The other [Cooks] and [Chefs] murmured.
There was a pecking order among the culinary elite. Imani had never been in that world before coming here; she was an amateur cook!
Now, a dedicated one, perhaps soon to be [Chef] herself. She nodded to Remiss politely.
“Thank you for coming, Chef Remiss. I hope not to waste your time. This is my first cooking class…”
“…And we were not expecting one of Liscor’s finest [Chefs] about. Chef Remiss, amazing knife work. I’m a fan of the art of cooking myself. Can I offer you something to smoke? Chew?”
A voice. Imani brightened as Palt clip-clopped over. He offered around cigars, spliffs—the Drakes and Gnolls brightened.
“Never in the kitchen when cooking!”
Remiss glowered, but relented as he saw the smoke from Palt’s cigar being trapped in a ‘safety bubble’. He took the cigar, though, sniffed it, and tucked it away.
“I’ll have one later. You must be that Centaur.”
“Palt, [Illusionist] of Wistram at your service.”
The Centaur bowed from the torso. The others introduced themselves as the apprentices got their squashes ready.
“[Line Cook], Errez—I’m doing work at a number of restaurants…”
“I’ve seen you about. I’m a [Soup Chef]. Veriny. You can find me at the Crab Bowl—we’re not as fancy, but I had to learn how to make a ‘cookie’…”
“Surely, you mean sous-chef?”
“No, I know what I meant.”
