8.03
Page 25
It was dark. Not black—more like a super-dark grey, such that the words stood out. They did not exactly glow, but they were extremely sharp to Ryoka’s eyes. Also? The ‘paper’ was extremely, extremely thin and tough.
Ryoka thought paper was thin. But you couldn’t fold paper more than like, eight times without the layers making it too tough. Books could stop bullets at range sometimes, not that she’d like to try it.
This stuff was thin. It unfolded so many times it messed with your head; you kept thinking it was as large as could be, but it kept unfolding.
It was instructions. And Ryoka thought it had been printed just for her. There were buttons, clearly labeled, diagrams, commentary…
And here was the rub. Ryoka thought to the alien commander she’d met. She’d been reactive, even if she hadn’t understood the basic nature of the fae’s world at first. So this wasn’t her fault—
It was just that everything was in another language. In their defense, they probably thought it was fine since the fae’s world had made understanding universal—perceptions bridging the gap. Ryoka buried her face in her hands.
She just bet they’d dumbed it down for her, too. It looked like someone had done a crude diagram of her and was indicating different things with the handle. Only, like futuristic tech, they’d managed to animate the thing into the poses they wanted rather than redrawing it each time.
“I can handle this. I can do this. Perspective…change!”
Ryoka steadied herself. She did as she had done in the lands of the fae. Ordinary to grand! She opened her eyes—
—and it was all the same. Ryoka sagged.
“Different world, different rules. You have a weapon from the future and you can’t read the instructions. And you didn’t stop long enough to ask for a dictionary.”
Story of her life. Ryoka glumly went back to the instructions.
The problem was also that this civilization had different basic icons for…everything. They had done little graphics, but even their arrows looked different. Their conception of basic elements even seemed odd. Or maybe it was the artist. Ryoka fumbled.
“Let’s see. I…hold these two? And then grip…”
She’d tried tapping both times. She shifted the blade, trying to see what was wrong. She held them, pressed the trigger—
Nothing.
“Okay, that turns the auto-grip off! Good to know! So to reactivate I do the—no—”
She realized the hilt was aimed at her shoulder too late. The blade reactivated. Ryoka cried out—
The first mistake of guns or weapons was never point it at you. But the hilt was so short and she had forgotten the reach on it! She shouted, and then stared at her shoulder.
The hardlight edge stopped a millimeter or less from her skin. Ryoka shakily released the grip and the blade disappeared. She breathed in, out, in, out, then put the hilt down and curled up on the bed. After a few minutes, she pulled the blankets over her head.
“Okay. Automatic safety mechanism. Good to know.”
Good thing stupidity transcended realities or the makers wouldn’t have created this function. With that said? Ryoka realized something. She wasn’t going to point the weapon at herself…again…but the blade had stopped rather than gone through her arm.
Ergo, you couldn’t ever touch it without being hurt. Also, it couldn’t phase through something without going through it. It had a kind of mass, then.
She was learning a lot. Ryoka still shivered in her blankets for a while. But then she got out of them.
Because she had to. Because four days had passed since the Summer Solstice and she’d…failed.
