8.03
Page 26
Failed, Erin. Failed to bring what was needed. The world had been lost to something. The fae had fled.
…And yet, it seemed no more different. Ryoka had waited. She had waited for the foundations of reality to start coming undone.
But save for the terrible news coming from Rhir? Nothing else had happened. No…things…had manifested as of yet. Perhaps there was time.
Four days. Ryoka’s head bent. She had only told Lyonette she’d failed. She had not left this place. She had been…busy.
Busy, thinking, confirming things she’d learned, writing down things she had not. Figuring out how to turn this thing on had taken nearly a day; it was harder than it looked! There’d been an activation process that even with a step-by-step cartoon had taken Ryoka nearly an hour.
And more. But here she sat. Ryoka Griffin’s head bowed as she looked at the hilt and gash on the floor. Yet, she did not give into despair or guilt.
The time has come for you to do more than just run.
She picked up the hilt and regarded it grimly. The blade came to life. Now, surer she wouldn’t hurt herself, she performed a vague cut. It was…terrible. She’d never swung a sword! But still, the deadly edge cut the air. Ryoka lifted her belt dagger. She eyed the half of it lying on the floor.
It was not what she had wanted. She had nearly had the scroll! It had been in her hands until the magical protections stopped her and Ivolethe dragged her away. She had not the cure, nor aid from that other place.
She could have used a starship and a legion. She could have used the Wild Hunt and Wyrms and one Nama.
But this would do in lieu of nothing else. Ryoka Griffin sighed. And then she stood. She was rising to greet the day…midday, rather, when someone entered unannounced.
“Wind Runner! I’m bored. What are you doing? What’s that?”
He pointed avidly at the hilt of the futuristic sword in Ryoka’s hand. She hid it behind her back reflexively and realized that was the stupidest move. Instead, she gingerly showed him.
“This? Oh—an artifact. Creates illusions. I’m trying it out.”
The young [Lord] stared at Ryoka. His eyes narrowed. And in that moment he looked like his father at Lord Tyrion’s grimmest. Not that Ryoka had known the man long. Sammial glowered.
“Liar. I saw you cut the floor with it!”
Ryoka Griffin wavered.
“What? You saw—”
She looked around her room. In her house, in, not to put too fine a point on it, her space that Laken Godart, the Unseen Emperor had granted her. Sammial had barged right in, which was fair since Ryoka hadn’t locked the door after breakfast.
But even so.
“How did you see that?”
The boy gave Ryoka Griffin another suspicious look. He pointed at the window to her room, whose shutters were slightly agape. Just enough to leave a crack of daylight.
“I’ve been watching you all morning, obviously. What is it? I want to use it! Give it to me! I order you to!”
He held out a hand imperiously. Ryoka Griffin stared at him.
She had never learned the art of child-kicking. But she was a willing student in this moment.
 
—-
 
There is something about Sammial Veltras that rubs you the wrong way. Hi, it’s me, Ryoka Griffin. And I need an internal minute.
Mostly to prevent myself from killing him.
Firstly? He’s been spying on me all morning? Which means that after my morning run and awkward breakfast with the nobility still in Laken’s empire, I changed clothes. Wonderful.
Second? He saw advanced alien technology and schematics, which means I’ve had the…Faeblade*…for all of four days before the secret got out.
 
