8.03
Page 1
But Kevin already knew. The young man picked himself up; his chair was on the floor, and he rubbed at a bruise as he scrambled to his feet.
He had been sleeping in, well, the office. The small room, the building rented for the new job he was working at.
…In Esthelm. Selys had pushed for Liscor. Hedault wanted Invrisil.
Invrisil was expensive. Liscor had—had been The Wandering Inn and besides, the new quarter was unfinished and neither artisan worked there, only the money, Selys. So Kevin had chosen Esthelm. It was cheap and Hedault responded to [Messages].
Master Pelt did not. And yes, Kevin would have benefitted from the sleep Skills in The Wandering Inn. He had his own room—but he’d fallen asleep balanced on the chair in his office, half-leaned back.
It was an art form and Kevin must have managed at least a good six hours in that position before the knocking had awoken him. Also point in fact?
It’s three AM. Or thereabouts.
Kevin stumbled towards the door. And yet—someone had woken him. He recognized the worried Drake [Scribe] he’d hired as a general assistant to write down orders and so on.
“It’s just Kevin. Speaking stone?”
“It’s Client F.”
The Drake was very nervous. He handed Kevin the stone and the young man groggily raised it.
“This is Kevin of Solar Cycles, how can I help you today?”
He recognized the echoing voice and tone immediately.
“I am Fetohep of Khelt.”
Of course he was. Kevin’s skin chilled. He waved the Drake off; the Drake sleepily went back to taking [Messages] or waiting for calls from the people who insisted on it. They had to actually have a speaking lodestone enchanted and then send one to the shop. But some did.
And only one person would call at night. A universal night! Kevin felt he should really look into that at some point. He checked the crude clock he had set up by his desk.
…And recalled that sundials really needed daylight to work. And he wasn’t at the level where a mechanical clock was feasible.
More clear audio than a phone call—sundials. That was technology here for you. Kevin slowly relaxed into his chair.
“How can I help you today, your Majesty?”
Fetohep’s voice was calm. Precise—commanding.
“I have a copy of your latest catalogue, Kevin of Liscor.”
Kevin bit his tongue. Fetohep always said that after the first conversation, but the way he said it made them both know what he really meant.
“Er—yes, your Majesty?”
They’d put that out right before Kevin went to sleep! The Mage’s Guild got a copy, which they could print on demand for whomever wanted it. And the Runner’s Guild had been upset because they wanted to sell copies…
Fetohep had a lot of time on his hands. He kept doing this, sometimes at midnight, or other times of the day. He seemed sort of bored. Kevin fiddled with a gear lying on his desk as he listened. Pelt had been trying different teeth…
“I notice your latest catalogue lists a ‘four-wheeled carriage’ option to be assembled and tethered to a bicycle.”
Oh, the pull-along rickshaw Kevin had thought up. It was a simple idea. If Hedault could enchant a bicycle to be practically weightless, why not add pedal power to create an alternative to a horse-drawn carriage? Was it better? No. But it was fun, and both the [Enchanter] and the [Smith] had okayed a trial version. So had Selys; she’d green lighted it a minute into Kevin’s pitch.
After all, novelty sold. And while Solar Cycles had yet to make many actual sales…they were rolling in orders.
