8.03
Page 23
Hope. But…had it changed? Because now it spoke to her like something else. Perhaps…
Kindness.
 
—-
 
A Worker paid for a wagon. A young woman stood in a theatre, leaving Liscor and the inn behind.
Armored and armed Antinium trained for war.
How they moved on. How things changed. Had they all given up on her? No—no, but what did you do?
Everything had failed. Magic—true magic—was difficult to obtain. And it seemed like the best, one of the only hopes had failed.
The Summer Solstice. So much work, for what? For naught. For despair.
For, in fact, worse than where the world had been before that. For…things…coming back. Nothing. A rift between the worlds. The flight of the fae.
All for nothing. Seemingly.
At first glance. It was true that terrible things had happened. That the best had not come to pass and the worst might have instead.
But something had been kept. Something had been brought in that time of times, from worlds apart. Perhaps it was nothing. But…the young woman sat on the bed and pondered it.
A plastic dagger. So it had seemed. A gift of the Faerie King. She spoke as she held it in her hands, in this world apart.
“Oh my god I broke it.”
Ryoka bit her tongue and felt a lurch in her chest. She desperately—
Tap, tap, vring.
The last sound was…technological. Impossible to replicate, surely, without a level of technology or instruments not accessible to a medieval world.
Ryoka Griffin had once heard that the sci-fi shooting effects for Star War’s blasters had come from someone throwing stuff at power lines. It was not that sound, not by far. Vring was a good way to describe it, but it had that quality that sounded so—foreign.
Alien. She stared at the…blade…and gulped.
“Um. Never mind.”
A plastic dagger. In the land of the fae, Ryoka had met, well, a group of space-people. Possibly aliens. Possibly.
…Probably. But they had been dressed like a bad, 90’s cosplay of an astronaut or space trooper, complete with toy guns and so on. Which made sense since perspective had meant a lot there.
And their weapons had been about as effective against the fae. Even Ryoka had walked through their attacks like it was nothing.
But she had known it was not. It was just technology versus a pure kind of magic. It wasn’t their fault.
Anyways. From that encounter she hadn’t done much other than help them survive and introduce them to a weapon—which might have been a kid with a stick or a young Dragon wielding an artifact.
It was a weird place. But the bottom line was that when she had left, one of them had, at the Faerie King, Oberon’s request, handed her one of the plastic daggers they’d been carrying.
It had looked like a cheap dagger there. Clearly plastic, not even entirely solid. One of those toys you could break with your bare fingers and bent with your first thrust while playing about. Ryoka had owned one; possibly why it had looked like it to her.
Here?
Well—she hit a ‘button’ and the blade vanished. Ryoka eyed the blank space.
“No afterimages. Right—right. Don’t want to blind the holder. And I just…”
She inspected the weapon of the future. It looked like, well…a hilt. Yes, that was it exactly.
A hilt—meant to be held in a grip slightly different than Ryoka’s. She eyed the contouring, felt at the difference in her fingers than this thing’s.
A different hand, and the material was—well, not plastic. And yet, not a metal. Call it a super-plastic? She’d gingerly, gingerly tried to scratch at it with her sharp steel dagger. Then really put her back into it.
