8.04 T
Page 31
Charles flushed. Another young man shot to his feet.
“He is not an Archmage! He was exiled and his name stricken such that it is never uttered nor remembered in all of Terandria!”
The half-Elf sighed.
“If it is never remembered, how do people remember not to utter it? Quite a contradiction in terms…but I digress. He was still an Archmage. Strip him of his titles as the world will—I thought Wistram, Academy of [Mages], would at least give history the courtesy of being correct. He was an Archmage, for better or worse.”
Charles ground his teeth. Timor was beet red; the fool had no gift for words. He snapped.
“That is inconsequential. The point is that—that brand of magic is both repugnant and worthless. Or have you not heard what necromancy has wrought since?”
More people in earshot stopped laughing or talking. Troubled faces among the older [Mages]. And even the younger ones who remembered the events that had led to a [Necromancer] being expelled.
“I have not, young man. Nor do I care to be illuminated at this time. I am here to speak to the Archmages. Necromancy is just a type of magic. That it should have fallen to such a state of neglect here—that is legacy for you. If Az’kerash could have seen it…”
Eldavin sat there. Trey felt himself nodding. He had been to Khelt. The old man’s eyes caught the gesture.
“You won’t apologize for invoking the Necromancer’s name to sons and daughters of the lands he terrorized?”
The Grand Magus did not turn around.
“Young man, if a name were all it took to terrorize Terandria, your ‘Necromancer’ would have conquered it long ago. Nor do I require lectures from a lesser [Mage]. I am Grand Magus Eldavin and my understanding of the magical craft is second only to the Archmages.”
The listeners tittered as he calmly speared a baked eel and chewed it happily. Charles was incandescent. Rievan was hurrying back as Viltach rolled his eyes.
 
—-
 
Feor glanced down the hall.
“Who is that half-Elf, Teura?”
He motioned to his second-in-command. She grimaced.
“Grand Magus Eldavin. He wished to see you. He claims to be a contemporary of Archmage Zelkyr.”
“Truly? Grand Magus…I don’t recall him. But then, the higher [Mages] came and went.”
Feor looked around. It seemed like he was arguing with a young man—Charles. One of Viltach’s troublemakers. Feor grimaced. Perhaps the half-Elf wanted to reminisce? He did not recall Eldavin, but the argument was getting louder.
Meanwhile, a serving Golem’s eyes lit up. No one noticed. But somewhere in the academy, a Truestone Golem paused. Someone remembered.
 
—-
 
Eldavin was sitting, chewing the eel and savoring the taste. It all tasted better when you weren’t well, the size of a Dragon.
However, he was recalling the times of old. He had been here when Zelkyr was made Archmage of Golems. He had talked to the Drake.
To the Archmage of Death too. Before and after. He knew his story. There was no sympathy from the descendants of his victims. Of course not. They had vilified him.
But how they forgot.
They forgot to change the weather. They forgot how they used to sit, even some magics. That [High Mage] didn’t even understand preset illusions you just summon.
How things changed. In an instant, so much was lost.
The [Garden of Sanctuary] will be lost again. Her legacy. The [Innkeeper] is dead.
The food turned to paste in his mouth. Then the arrogant young man spoke.
“For such a venerable, wise senior mage, sir, you don’t seem to be in the right company.”
Slowly, Eldavin looked up. Mena hurriedly stood.
“Mage Charles, don’t you have your own faction to attend to?”
