8.04 T
Page 41
And if he did not run, or turn spells deadly? Eldavin looked across the ground.
Ah, this reminds me of why we died. This reminds me of why we ruled them. Because we feared them.
The Dragon recalled other battlefields. Other places. And he felt his magic burning out in his body.
The Archmage half-Elf had more mana than he did. A vast supply. Skills. Even if his comet storm was far less efficient than Eldavin’s spells—he was winning by sheer, limitless power.
The explosions of magical force were slowly pressing in on the half-Elf as the comets hit his barriers faster than he could make them.
“He has to surrender. Feor will blow him to pieces. He can’t even teleport out in that much mana density!”
Telim breathed. Everyone was watching as Eldavin’s barriers slowly dwindled and he was forced back.
Teriarch, Eldavin, gritted his teeth as pain began to lance through his body.
If I had my body—no, this is my body. This is my limit. There is always that hero and army on the horizon.
But how frustrating. He made a sound like a roar through a different mouth. Look at me, boy! He stared at Feor. You think you know magic? Then why have you forgotten who you are?
If only there was a way—he saw the comets bursting, each one deadly—his eyes narrowed. His hand began to move.
“That old half-Elf is insane! Half-Elf versus half-Elf!”
“He’s going to lose. That’s what all the [Mages] are saying.”
Elena was listening to the commentary amid the roar of battle. George looked at her. The young man rubbed at one ear.
“Really? Then why do I hear boss music?”
Elena opened her mouth. Then she just slapped him on the back of the head. But George was right.
 
—-
 
“What is he doing?”
Feor was still unloading comets on Eldavin’s position, until the [Grand Mage] gave up. But Eldavin was—moving. He was throwing something, detonating one of the comets before he could hit it.
Trying to trigger them before they reached him? Valeterisa shook her head. Feor was channeling his mana into an optimized spell! Moreover, you needed an equivalent amount of power to stop one of Valmira’s comets. You couldn’t just cast, say, [Light Arrow] and expect it to explode one. They ate lesser magics, hence the spell’s power and Feor’s love of it.
Another comet exploded as the half-Elf began to weave, throwing barriers up, forcing Feor to home in on him. He was clearly running out of power. Valeterisa watched. She did not want him to die. But then—
Boom, boom, boom.
Three of [Valmira’s Comets] exploded in the air. Three amongst dozens. But they detonated well before reaching their target. Feor noticed and a frown crossed his expression of concentration.
The [Mages] stirred. Then—Eldavin pointed and half the incoming comets exploded. But Valeterisa hadn’t seen a spell! The Archmage of Izril drifted into the firefight, staring. Invisible magic? What was—
She realized what he was doing. Only a handful of [Mages] could even comprehend it. Grimalkin of Pallass’ eyes were wide. He breathed the answer at the same time as the [Wardsmistress] of Fissival.
“He’s…unraveling the spells as they come at him!”
Eldavin’s eyes were closed as he stood there. What use were eyes to magical sight? His fingers twisted and plucked—
A dozen comets exploded seconds after forming. Feor stared up at them and then at Eldavin. His eyes were wide.
The same spell. The same spell! The half-Elf was panting, his robes scorched and damaged. Sweat ran down his brow. But Eldavin was still standing there. As if he had walked other battlefields.
