8.04 T
Page 19
“What occurred on the Summer Solstice? I regret that I missed it, but something clearly did occur. On a magnitude I did not expect! Did you truly meet or invoke…him?”
He could only think of a few reasons why the entire world had stirred in greeting. Ryoka Griffin’s voice on the other end was…hesitant.
“Yes. You didn’t come. I thought you would, and Magnolia.”
“I…forgot.”
“You forgot? I—you forgot? And why are you in Wistram?”
The Dragon sniffed.
“Sometimes one forgets, Miss Griffin! And I had business to attend to. I am in Wistram and I am Grand Magus Eldavin. As you know me.”
“Wh—oh. Oh my…really? Why? I thought you said—listen. The Solstice…you don’t know…”
The half-Elf sighed. This was why he preferred talks face-to-face. He half-debated whether it was worth seeing if his true body could be awoken…but no, he’d done too good a job. Pointedly, he tapped his finger on the side table as he reclined in a chair.
“I am calling to enquire upon that very matter. I assume my knowledge was accurate, of course? The fae were invoked?”
Probably safe to mention them. Ryoka hesitated.
“Yes—yes, they were. I was able to go…to their place. But listen, T—Eldavin. Something’s happened—”
He sat up, blinking.
“You went to the land of the—you went there? Are you mad? Also, how?”
“I bargained for it. I met someone who let me in. Eldavin. Something terrible has happened. I went there to find help. And meet Ivolethe.”
“Did you meet her?”
“Yes. And someone like you. But listen. Erin is—”
“Someone like me? You don’t mean one of my relatives, but like…I knew some went. Where? What were their names?”
“Erin. Eldavin. Listen to me. Before that, Erin.”
The young woman’s voice was changing on the other end. But Eldavin was too excited to notice. He was pacing the rooms now, talking excitedly.
“I knew something had occurred, but Reinhart entered into her difficulties and I have left to see how Wistram has changed. Listen to me, Ryoka. You are soon to be hunted by the academy.”
“Eldavin—”
“I uncovered it on my first day here. It wasn’t hard, fortuitous true, but shoddy spell work of these [Mages] made it easy. They are collecting children of Earth. And you will be on their list.”
“Eldavin, that doesn’t matter. I need you to—”
“Does not matter? This is Wistram, Ryoka Griffin. Faded they might be, but a threat they are still! I have told you I do not interfere, hah, well, I would hardly trouble myself to oppose them. However, in light of our relationship and that we are exchanging secrets, I have taken upon myself to inform you, and I will make a few subtle gestures in—”
“Teri—Eldavin! Erin Solstice is dead. And the gods are back.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin’s eyes were running. They’d turned on and hadn’t stopped as the Dragon began to chatter, sounding happier—more involved than she had heard him.
She spoke again.
“Erin’s dead. And not dead. She was hurt. I need your help, Eldavin. The g—they’re back. We saw them there. The fae fled. It’s all ruined. Erin…I need your help. Please. I’ll do anything. Just please help.”
She waited.
“T—Eldavin?”
“Hello?”
 
—-
 
“Hello?”
But he didn’t respond. The old half-Elf…the [Grand Mage]…
Eldavin…
No, Teriarch, the Dragon, was huddled in a corner of the room, his body contorted, as if it belonged to someone else.
His head was in his hands. The voice spoke again, asking. Pleading.
—And there he was again. He had looked away for a second.
In his arrogance, in his complacency. Rhir’s beautiful daughter died. Died, to shame them all, as Crelers filled the land, sea, and skies.
