8.04 T
Page 21
Oh no. How? Why now?
But he knew.
Earth.
The Dragon thought. And he feared…more than the worst. This was pretty much it. Yet he sat in the rooms of Wistram and realized—he was where he needed to be.
Now, the Grand Magus spoke, and he was sincere in his words. His tone was steady, his eyes distant, watching mana potion drip down the far wall.
“Listen to me, Ryoka Griffin. I have business in Wistram. I am Grand Magus Eldavin and I now know I can do more good here than anywhere else. I must. But this is no time to be idle. There are…no. Allies?”
He thought and shook his head.
“Not for you to find. But listen to me. I will see about Wistram hunting you. And I will investigate your claims. I do not disbelieve you. But if what you say is true, this ‘text’ came from here. And I will uncover the truth of it. You may reach out to me as you wish.”
“Yes. Thank you. But Eldavin…Erin…”
“I cannot help her now.”
“No. Please. I know you—”
The pleading voice was silenced as he adjusted the volume. The Dragon spoke sternly.
“Listen. Be silent, Ryoka Griffin. I said, I cannot help her now. As I am. Do you understand me? I am inconvenienced. Far from my…usual abode. And means. Do you understand?”
An indrawn breath.
“Yes. Does that mean…?”
Again, he wavered. What had he told her? But then, he spoke.
“My aid is not so easily bought. But you may have something…I want. I must first conclude my work here. Then return. I cannot so easily make my way back, but there are ways to effect it quicker than by boat.”
Teleportation. They had to have at least one circle remaining. He spoke, sternly, but trying to get every word to her.
“When I do, I promise you, I will call you. And I shall uncover the means to help Erin Solstice. If it can be done, I can do it.”
He heard his own words and coughed.
“If you can pay for it, of c—”
“Thank you! Thankyouthankyou—”
“That’s quite enough. I said, ‘if’. I have work to do, and I cannot simply…wait. Yes. I promise. Do not make me repeat myself. I promise, and I do not break my word. Stop crying, child…”
And after a long time, he rose. He felt tired, but those painful tears had turned to ones of hope.
Wait. He could not go now, no matter how much she pleaded. He would—he had sworn it. But a shadow weighed upon his heart.
“Tamaroth’s beard.”
He shook his head. And that old curse seemed so sinister. The Dragon turned.
He really didn’t want to go to the banquet now. But it was more important. He shook his head. And hoped Ryoka Griffin would listen.
Wait. It might be painful, but wait. If there was hope at all, even the smallest spark of life, he would find it and bring it back. So wait, and do nothing hasty until then. It would not be long.
She had a Dragon’s promise.
 
—-
 
The first of many banquets in Wistram was a grand affair. Not that Wistram didn’t have lavish events each night.
Buffet? That was the staple. Exotic foods from around the world and master-class [Chefs] hired to produce treats at all hours? There would be riots without.
So when [Mages] threw a ball, they threw one.
Possibly even the now-infamous party in Riverfarm couldn’t compare in sheer expense. Certainly not to [Waiters], the rich and exotic foods like the aforementioned Phoenix wings (a debatable issue since they did grow back, but the Phoenixes really didn’t appreciate losing them), and more.
