8.04 T
Page 12
“And beyond that? Some organization—students will have tables here, but it’s a free-for-all after that. You’re not assigned a table if you were never important enough to have one. And here is where I will be.”
Telim pointed all the way across the room, away from every faction, towards the furthest end. Elena and Aaron peered at the spot blankly.
“Why there, Telim?”
“Because they have sofas and other delightful modalities of sitting there, young Vanwell! Status be damned, I’m stretching out whilst I eat!”
The [High Mage] chuckled, and Aaron grinned.
“I guess we’ll be split up, Elena. We should try to sit together after the banquet starts.”
“Hm. Yes, you Earth-folk should be given a spot of your own. Maybe the Archmages would allow it.”
“Oh, they’re doing that, Telim. Silenced, protected, so they can talk without eavesdropping.”
Telim snapped his fingers.
“Makes sense! There you are then, Aaron. Far to the back and to the sides I’ll wager, but that’s a good thing.”
“Why—oh. It’s because we’re closer to the buffet tables, right?”
“Exactly. I knew you were sharp! Now, you’ll want to be on your toes. There are always secrets and money to be made when the banquets take place. If you weren’t…well, from Earth, I’d say you could make a powerful friend. As it is, take a bag of holding for the good foods. They always run out.”
“Because of you. You know, he made an entire table disappear one time? I saw it. Took a bag of holding, ran it down the table, and walked off.”
Sa’la gave Telim an affectionate, but exasperated look. The man just winked at Elena and Aaron, who laughed. They liked him.
“How are the new Earthers doing, by the way? I heard we had a real talent in uh—uh—what’s his name? The one with the actual magical ability.”
Telim snapped his fingers.
“Troy?”
“That’s the lad. [Sand Mage]. He’s a good student.”
Aaron nodded. Troy was a bit standoffish, but he’d been warming up. He was still getting his legs in, but he actually went to classes which was why he had less time than the others.
“Good foundations, that boy. Someone taught him properly. And I heard that other boy who came with him got in a bit of trouble. For his pet.”
“Oh. Right. Someone sat on Prickly.”
“Poor thing. Is it okay?”
Sa’la made a sympathetic noise. Which she wouldn’t have if she knew Prickly. Elena shook her head.
“Prickly was fine, just startled by the screaming. She’s a Needlehound and—”
Telim and Sa’la winced. Half-porcupine, half-dog, and worse than either if you ran into it and she got nervous.
“I hope it was a Selphid. Imagine…gah! Well, I am glad. And your ah, therapy group, Miss Elena?”
“A lot better. Everyone’s sleeping and—a lot better.”
Elena gave Aaron a tired smile. He felt proud of that. Telim looked around, almost fondly. He’d never had children, but he’d begun remarking that he felt like the ‘Earth-children’ as he called them were the children he wished he had. Sa’la would then point out that this was because he hadn’t had to raise them from babies and Telim would retort that was the entire point.
Well, it would be an interesting banquet. Aaron stretched out. He wasn’t the one who this mattered for. He was in Wistram, but apart. The children of Earth had no power. Yet.
He intended to change that as soon as the opportunity arose. The knowledge from the Summer Solstice burned in Aaron. Even though the Archmages were still in a panic. They’d suspected him, but they couldn’t trace who had sent the mass-text, and given up suspecting him because how would he have done it?
