8.04 T
Page 5
“I am a half-Elf, my dear. Time passes differently for us. I’d imagine some of the better [Mages] would remember me, although I was hardly an active presence. Who are the new Archmages? The ones present.”
Mena blinked.
“Archmages Feor, Nailihuaile, Viltach, Verdan, and Valeterisa are all present at the moment, Grand Magus. We might get the remaining two…and Archmage Amerys was removed from her position, of course.”
“…I see. New blood, it seems. Well, I remember Feor…? Do I? [Recall Memory].”
Eldavin frowned and tapped his head. He brightened.
“Ah! Yes! I do! He was that scamp who once upended three entire tables with that misfiring spell! Ah, good to see him rising to the class of [Archmage]. I must remark on that.”
Mena’s mouth opened and closed. She looked at Seky. She had definitely heard the [Archmage] class. She wondered if she should say something as they walked onto the docks.
Eldavin stopped then, and the two [Mages] saw him blink upwards. Because some of the other parts of the welcoming committee had impressed themselves on him.
Giant metal Golems stood sentry, their armor polished and gleaming, their swords and shields reminiscent of [Knights]. But only a half-Giant [Knight] would be twelve feet tall. These ones were part of Wistram’s reminder of power for all guests. They just stood there of course; Cognita had been asked to post them.
“Ah.”
Eldavin gazed up, and Mena decided that the Golems could have been here specifically for him. She was about to tell the old half-Elf this when he strode up to the nearest one and halted in front of it.
“No personal baggage to unload. However, you may escort me to my rooms. Here is my bag of holding.”
He proffered the object at his side to the giant metal Golem. The [Mages] on the docks stared.
The huge guardian’s sentry head slowly turned. It stared down at Eldavin. Mena hurried forwards.
“Grand Magus—those aren’t really escorts so much as—”
“Not escorting us? Nor to unload? What are they supposed to do, kill intruders?”
Eldavin was much upset. He put his bag of holding back as the Golem returned to staring ahead. He looked around, then blew out his cheeks.
“Wistram’s sense of decorum really has gone downhill. Is this Zelkyr’s work? No—wait—he’s ‘gone’, isn’t he? Hah! When Archmage Chandler was still present, we would have proper service! Not even skeletons or Wights, but a proper staff. Trust a Drake to be too stingy to pay for help, or even send proper Golems to greet the guests. A real shame about him—but that was before your time, young lady. Now there was someone who understood manners.”
He shook his head. Mena’s jaw dropped open and stayed there. Because it had taken her a second—but then she recalled whom Archmage Chandler was.
Eldavin rapped his knuckles on the Golem’s arm and winced. He’d forgotten how fragile bodies were! Pain, bladder issues—oh, what a mess.
“Tell Zelkyr I’ve seen better, even for reception. Golems of metal? Pah.”
The Golem stared at him again and then went back to staring ahead. Eldavin shook his head. He noticed the [Bard] staring at him and smiled.
“Don’t look so alarmed, my dear. One does rib at the Archmages. It’s traditional, even if they have passed, and I don’t know the new ones. Some can be touchy—ah, well, Zelkyr himself. But he might as well come down and object himself then, eh?”
