8.04 T
Page 33
“Thank you, young At…las. Your company has been most enjoyable. Where are you sitting?”
Trey pointed. Eldavin’s head turned as the laughter died out. He nodded.
“Good. Stay there.”
He sat still in his seat, not eating, as the other students and mages sat silent around him. For a minute. Valeterisa watched Eldavin’s back and then looked at Troy Atlas. She understood it was probably politically inexpedient to talk to him. Even if she had just agreed with everything he said. She drifted after Troy. She wondered if she could buy that Lifesand Golem.
 
—-
 
“Troy! There you are! Where’ve you been? Did you see Telim steal that duck?”
“I did. Where’s Prickly?”
“Over there.”
George pointed. The Earthers were at their own tables; some were mingling like the group with Telim, but here they were allowed to talk about, well, Earth.
“This is amazing. It is Hogwarts!”
“Would you stop saying that? This is reality!”
Elena rolled her eyes at one of the newcomers. She looked about.
“Where’s Sidney? Is she okay? She got a scare.”
Trey sat down as the others looked around. He vaguely recalled Sidney, one of the youngest girls. Very timid, part of the therapy sessions in that beach-room.
“What happened to her?”
“She saw one of the items they were serving. Roasted rat…she freaked out.”
“Aw. Damn. Is someone…?”
“Saif and Malia went after her. I—oh, there they are. Quick, someone give me a calming tonic. I’m going to put some in her drink.”
“Is that drugging…?”
“Shut up, George.”
Trey sat among the Earthers, most of whom were relaxing without restraint. They thought this was an adventure story. Some had seen enough to know better, but they were a minority. He saw Aaron glancing at him.
“You doing okay, Troy? You don’t have to study so much.”
“It’s what I’m good at. Thanks, Aaron. But we want to level up, right?”
“True enough. But hey—if you want help, Naili can probably arrange some private tutoring.”
“That would be…great, actually, thanks.”
The young man smiled.
“You should take some more time to hang out. We haven’t properly welcomed you with all this…”
He waved his hand.
“…But we’re trying to all get together more often. How about tomorrow?”
“Sounds good. I don’t have more than a morning class…”
Trey relaxed. But he noticed some of the new, 1st year students were eying him at his special table. The new group, including the surly young man from Hellios…he wanted to blend in, but he couldn’t.
Well. It was his job to find a way, even if he had help…Trey busied himself with his food. He had a feeling he should try to talk to the Grand Magus when he cooled down. Did no one else think someone that old would have the most knowledge to spare?
“Oh no. That poor old guy’s getting embarrassed again.”
Elena groaned as the fourth course rolled around. Trey’s head rose.
“What old guy?”
“The half-Elf. Look, he’s…”
As waiter-Golems, the living [Waiters] and [Servers] and the 4th course—Chandrarian themed, rolled about the head tables, Grand Magus Eldavin stood up. Instantly, Mena and the others beseeched him to sit down.
Now was the time when guests circulated, but it was still on the Archmages to make the first move; one could hardly just run up to their table. They would usually send someone to ask for a chat.
Moreover, since it was Eldavin, the Naga High Mage Soner was already prepared to intercept. He’d already been fending Valeterisa away from Troy Atlas and the Earthers, and he was miserable as he signaled to make Mena keep the old troublemaker there.
