8.04 T
Page 17
Ryoka Griffin. Alias: Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Confirmed—acquire if possible. Caution—House of Veltras is known to be affiliated. Do not offend House of Veltras, contact Archmages for negotiation. Levels unknown, speculated high-level [Runner] with possible [Aeromancer] class.
 
Acquire if possible? The half-Elf looked at the [Scrier] as she began sending the spell. Then he looked around. He walked over to a board across the room, away from the people monitoring the broadcasts.
It was a map. On it, there were pictures, sketches, pins in glowing light of places. People found and not found. The Dragon looked at it. Around the room.
“It is logical. It makes sense, to find what is valuable and safeguard them, or understand what you lack. It might even be commendable, to do this rather than kill them, if they are treated well. I will know.”
The young Drake sneezed and rubbed at the back of her neck. She looked around, then went back to work. The half-Elf standing there looked down at the page.
“I will decide. However.”
His hand reached down and gently touched the page.
“I know that Human. You do not chain the wind, any more than you do the fae. And if what I find displeases, soon you will answer to me.”
His eyes narrowed. He was gone when the [Scribe] stood to send the first [Message]. And now—time was not on his side. He had already understood that he had missed something. Now—he had two reasons to talk to Ryoka Griffin.
They were separated by countless miles, and he sat in the heart of the Academy of Magic. The Dragon knew [Message] spells could be easily read by all if not secured.
So…what? There were easier ways.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin’s head rose as she tried to do a crunch. She was getting out of shape, or so it felt. Days of resting after being shot, plus the wind making her job easier…
“What was that?”
“A [Message] from a ‘Grand Magus Eldav—”
Ryoka was on her feet in an instant. The Street Runner in Riverfarm recoiled.
“I’ll take it! Is it secure?”
Heart pounding, she reached for the slip of paper. She read—then blinked.
“That was what I was trying to say. We don’t have one, but there are some in nearby Mage’s Guilds. So…”
The [Message] from ‘Eldavin’ was short. Ryoka had sent word to him begging for him to talk—and to Teriarch himself, with a Scroll of [Message]. Both times she’d gotten no response.
Until now. But Teriarch’s missive was odd. It read:
 
Miss Ryoka, I, Eldavin, require your services once again. To facilitate this, procure a speaking stone and send the [Message] back.
“A speaking stone?”
“One of the tuned ones. Lodestones. You can tune ‘em to other stones and talk. Like a scrying mirror. Lady Rie says we can give you one as soon as it can be found—or you can run and get one if you want. She’s hunting through her collection.”
The Street Runner explained helpfully. Ryoka blinked at him.
“No, that’s fine. I think I—if she has one. Otherwise, I know someone who might lend me theirs.”
 
—-
 
Jericha gave her an odd look, but gave Ryoka a stone when asked. Of course she had one; it was practically essential for those in the field.
“Do you need to tune it?”
“I…don’t know? I was just told to send a [Message] back when I did.”
“Ah. Then you need to tune it. Let me send the [Message].”
Ryoka hesitated, but Jericha was already involved. She nodded and smiled.
“Can you send, ‘Grand Magus, it’s me, Ryoka. I’m at a Mage’s Guild. What do I do now?’ Thanks.”
Jericha gave Ryoka a look, but sent the spell. Ryoka hoped Teriarch would know what that meant—why was he going through ‘Eldavin’? Just to be safe? Then Jericha frowned.
