8.04 T
Page 30
“I’m getting up. Fourth course is nearly done; I see Archmage Valeterisa.”
The Drakes stiffened as they saw her picking her way through the crowd. Half glared; she was the Human Archmage of Izril as far as they were concerned.
“How did someone wake her up? Better if she stayed silent.”
Grumbling, they watched her move. Then they noticed whom she was moving towards.
 
—-
 
“Who’s that half-Elf?”
Galei of Ullsinoi was eating in the company of his faction…or maybe not. Charles de Trevalier was offering Cessic, one of Beatrice’s few remaining friends, a tureen of gravy. In fact—most of the [Mages] here looked like ones from other factions. They had doppelgangers—or they were actually here.
“No idea. But he had a splendid illusion spell. Looked almost spontaneous. You interested, Galei?”
The Bear-General of Ailendamus was eating at his table. Yerzhen—or rather, the [Mage] stealing his name and look—glanced around. The others murmured.
“As good as I could do it. What was that, light magic?”
“Lovely containment; I barely saw any magical leak. Where’d he come from?”
“The High Passes. And Liscor. And the inn.”
The Ullsinoi faction stopped. They gave each other significant looks.
“Ah. Then we had better say hello. Old man sounds very upset. Did you know we could change the weather spell?”
Bemused, most of the table shook their heads. A few nodded just because. So did Galei. And Taxiela, both of whom might be Palt’s master, or neither. The Centaur bit into the Hawaiian pizza slice.
“I did. I was wondering if anyone would remember.”
The others laughed. He might have been telling the truth. They all looked over as someone raised their voice.
“Excuse me, sir. Would you mind sharing your wisdom with us?”
Charles de Trevalier glanced over and saw his twin rising from his seat and calling out to Eldavin. The Ullsinoi [Mages] stirred.
Oho.
 
—-
 
Eldavin’s head turned. His ire had faded a bit, and he was actually beginning to enjoy himself as he ate; he’d sent Trey to collect a sample of all the dishes.
“Yes, young man?”
He called out to Charles de Trevalier. The young man was smiling—but not in a happy way.
“We—the Libertarians—”
“The who?”
Eldavin blinked at the Humans. They looked at each other.
“The Libertarians? Who believe Wistram should involve itself in the affairs of nations? One of the largest groups in Wistram?”
“Ah. You must have called yourself something else the last time I was here.”
Eldavin’s eyebrows politely rose. The young man looked uncertainly around, then flushed.
Charles de Trevalier. Beatrice glowered from her seat. She knew him. A troublemaker, decidedly pro-Human and anti-most species.
Once, he had been Ceria and Pisces’ enemy, having come in on the same boat and year as they did. He stepped away from the table and everyone heard the silver chime.
A silver bell and a rapier hung by his waist. Proof of mastery, or the first step to such.
He didn’t deserve it. But that was long, long ago…
“You seem to have a number of old memories, sir. Such as that of the Necromancer of Terandria. Or are you forgetting Wistram exiled that kind of foulness?”
Eldavin stirred. His eyes locked on Charles’.
He recognized uppity tones when he heard them. Young Dragons now…
Ah, once. Once, he had walked among his kind. Endured challenges, their testing of him—what a pain.
What he wouldn’t give for those days once more.
The young woman who bested a Dragon. Shot by crossbows. Lying frozen—
He blinked. Forget about it.
“Young [Mage]. Your tone seems to indicate that you object to me using his name. And title. Archmage Chandler.”
