8.04 T
Page 23
“Tell us about Qualve—Quelvekky—the Shield Kingdom, Erkika. Is it worth not visiting Wistram?”
The old Garuda was losing some of his plumage, but his eyes were still sharp enough. He drank lightly, as alcohol tended to affect Garuda far more quickly than others. He kept tossing up snacks and snapping them out of the air, never mind that it was bad manners.
“Qualvekkaras. And it’s a lovely place. You should all visit. Almost exclusively Garuda, but why mourn Wistram’s halls when I’m a [Prince] among my people?”
A portly half-Elf chuckled, one of Feor’s Centrists.
“True enough. If I could go back to my people as a hero and one of the greatest [Mages]…but we don’t have an empire or nation of our own.”
“Anymore. You thinking of starting the half-Elf kingdoms back up, Demerial?”
A Selphid—Sa’la, mingling before she headed back to Telim—got a kick from the half-Elf and a few snacks levitated at her. Everyone laughed, though.
They were [Mages] before species, most of them. And the notable ones were those who had left Wistram, to put petty nations or groups before magical solidarity.
“Archmage Verdan. How is the old Iron Vanguard doing? I heard you got put on the back foot by the Forgotten Wing Company. First the games at Daquin, now the loss with Maelstrom’s Howling.”
Nailihuaile was ribbing the elderly Human, who wore armor like Dullahans. Beatrice listened uncomfortably; she had great respect for the most venerated Human in Dullahan society.
Verdan Blackwood was unmoved. Like Dullahans, his face was blank as his body slowly turned to face Naili, rather than turn his head.
“We have suffered defeats, Archmage Nailihuaile. So does any great organization. Tulm the Mithril is confident we will soon enter a glorious new phase. We regroup and keep vital aspects of our strength. Unlike the lamentable fate of the Lizardfolk’s Great Company.”
Naili’s eyes narrowed.
“That’s very hurtful, Verdan. I thought we were being friendly!”
“Then draw your fangs, Archmage Naili. Are we at odds, or the representatives of Baleros?”
The man gave her a level look. The Lamia’s eyes flickered—then she smiled and was laughing with him.
“I guess we are! Baleros should stick together. Speaking of which…are you referring to the rumors about the Titan?”
Her eyes glimmered with interest. Verdan smiled politely. Those listening leaned in, because of course the rumor had begun to circulate already.
Niers Astoragon was missing. And the fact that he hadn’t been visible up close—just from a distance—only added to that claim. People said…he had suffered an accident. There were rumors. But the telling part?
Peclir Im had vanished.
It didn’t take a genius [Strategist] to figure out something might be up. And if one of the two pillars of the Forgotten Wing company was gone…
But that was politics outside of Wistram. Naili leaned over, just as symbolically as Feor and Viltach clearly vying for Valeterisa’s support.
“In the following discussions, interests should be aligned, should they not, Valeterisa?”
Feor was calmly indulging in the first course as Valeterisa poked at some veal. Viltach raised one brow.
“Of course they should, Archmage Feor. But perhaps Humans would understand the issue more completely.”
“Does magic distinguish itself by race, Archmage Viltach?”
Feor gave the Archmage a long look. Viltach shrugged eloquently.
