8.04 T
Page 39
Around her a similar field of magic began to expand. Feor hissed as his spell and own aura refused to be ensconced by the magic. Naili let him do that, but everything around her began to take on the properties of the relic-class artifact.
In other words, turning into an area where everything was on her terms. Eldavin’s counter-attack fizzled out halfway towards her.
“Ah, the Serkonian Lance. An [Enchanter] carrying an artifact worthy of an Archmage, at least.”
He didn’t look put out by the field. Naili waved at him—then sent crackling lightning bolts at him. He blocked them and the flashes of light blinded the audience.
“Why don’t you come and try tackling me, Grand Magus?”
She was laughing.
 
—-
 
From their spot in the audience, the students and [Mages] were watching the magic fight take place between the second Archmage and Eldavin. Viltach was either down for the count or had removed himself and Feor was still preoccupied.
“He has to be an [Elementalist]! High level!”
Telim was babbling to the other [Mages] watching. They were hardly as good at commentary as Drassi, but they were watching as Eldavin took cover. This time—he raised huge pillars of stone out of the ground around him.
Like a forest of stone. Indeed, ‘branches’ shot out of the central pillars, decreasing their mass, but blocking the spells Nailihuaile was sending at him. Trey thought it was fascinating. And intelligent.
“That’s just [Earthen Spire]! He’s blocking all her direct spells with just—one spell!”
Sa’la was staring. Naili was growing frustrated; she was looping the vast lances she was conjuring, but the expendable pillars of stone kept rising and sacrificing only miniscule bits of themselves to block each spell.
“Elementalist. He has to be.”
“But that spell circle—hold on, what’s he doing now?”
Eldavin was hunting around the ground as the stone pillars—the [Forest of Stone] spell if any of the [Mages] had correctly identified it like Valeterisa—blocked the incoming fire.
“[Enchanters]. So reliant on artifacts. She’s not even using more than the lance spell.”
He grumbled. At last, he finished his work. He stepped out of cover as Naili blew apart the last pillar of stone. She raised her staff.
“Done yet?”
He looked up at her. He was holding…an orange. He’d hunted around for a proper object and this was the best he’d come up with. She blinked at it as she angled her staff.
“You are wearing a barrier, aren’t you?”
Eldavin called out. The Star Lamia’s eyes narrowed.
“Yes. Why—”
He tossed the orange at her. For a second, the orange just flew with all the throwing power of the half-Elf. Which was decent; far from a fastball since he had terrible form.
Then the first compressed spell fired. And the next—and the next—
[Directed Compressed Burst of Air]. [Frictionless Surface]. [Flash Move]—and so on. To the audience, the orange appeared to go lazily flying, and then, in an instant, speed—
 
—-
 
The sonic boom, if that was what it was, was deafening. Trey saw the entire glowing field of magic flash around Nailihuaile. The Lamia cried out and raised her staff—but the orange never reached her.
It had probably disintegrated halfway to her. But the air, impact—all of it non-magical—not to mention the little seeds flung at insane speed hit her magical field like, well, a supersonic orange.
It tore into the magical field and stopped. Trey actually saw the magic filling the space, ground, and air, tear apart.
