8.04 T
Page 3
“A piece of wood? Is this what we’ve come to? First you cart me all the way to Pheislant like some piece of merchandise and now—out of the way. If no one else will do it, I’ll handle it myself! [Bridge of Light]!”
A shimmering walkway appeared in front of the scared passengers and greeting party. A gently sloping ramp—with stairs on either side, even handrails! Mena gaped.
That was a Tier 4—maybe a Tier 5 spell! She wasn’t sure, but it was more than just the tier that amazed her. It was beautiful. She had seen light-spells like the [Light Wall] version of the famous wall-defensive spells, but it was just…solid light. This? This was semi-transparent, gently molded colors along the vein of yellow such that they turned to green twining tendrils like vines around the railings, orange where the bridge met stone or wood, blue down the center…
It was a piece of art. And it had appeared in an instant.
The new students stared—then flooded down the walkway after testing it gingerly. They were fleeing the irate speaker. Mena looked at Seky and approached nervously. She heard the old half-Elf at the same time as she saw him lecturing the Drake [Trade Captain].
“—one does not make a [Mage] walk down pieces of wood. Not for a returning [Grand Mage] of Wistram! At least I see my reception party is down there, but I expected coordination with the docks! A [Light Bridge] is the least I could expect—not to mention the rain!”
“I am terribly sorry, Grand Mage Eldavin. It’s just that—the—the rain?”
The Drake had a terribly put-upon look. Reflexively, they all glanced towards the horizon; rain was pounding the bubble of calm air and sunny skies.
“Exactly! I was rained upon on our trip here! They couldn’t send a [Weather Mage] to whirl it elsewhere?”
“I—I—I can only apologize again, Grand Magus. But we have arrived! Perhaps you’d care to disembark at this time and put our inferior service behind you?”
The Captain looked like he would like that very much. Eldavin sniffed. He rummaged in his bag of holding.
“It seems it is time. I will not say this was a pleasant trip, [Captain]. Bear in mind proper service next time. However—for your trouble.”
He dropped a ruby the size of the Drake’s palm in the [Captain]’s hand. The Drake’s eyes popped. The half-Elf turned away. Mena began adjusting her doublet. She wished she had a hair-comb.
 
—-
 
The week-long delay had been good for something, at least. After a week, Teriarch had stopped tripping on his toes, and he’d refamiliarized himself with most aspects of having a humanoid body.
What a ridiculous design. Two legs? There was no real support there! He’d fallen too many times, forgetting he had neither tail nor two more legs to keep him stable. Even Drakes had a tail—he should have gone as a Drake.
But half-Elves got to be old without question, so Eldavin had managed. He’d also gotten back into casting spells as…well, [Mages] did it. Put the magic in the box and it worked. Boring, but there you went and it was bad to do magic any other way here.
And he’d arrived. The Dragon—no, half-Elf, he had to be in character—inhaled. Ah, what a relief. The Drake was spluttering, no doubt at the shoddy tip. Well, that was what one got. A real [Grand Mage]’s gratitude, now…
“Um—um—Grand Magus Eldavin? My name is Mena. I and Sekiyas are delighted to welcome you to Wistram Academy!”
A young, Human woman greeted the Dragon with a bow. The Drake beside her did the same, wide-eyed. Teriarch—no—Eldavin—smiled. Then he stopped.
“I am delighted to return. And I see my reception is…?”
