8.04 T
Page 40
Naili’s expanding field was torn open in a wedge. Again, only halfway towards her, but Eldavin had erased that section of magical field which had sacrificed itself to stop the attack. The Star Lamia stared at the rupture in the Serkonian Lance’s magic. Then she looked at Eldavin.
He was reaching for a fallen roast duck, the twin of the one in Telim and Prickly’s stomachs. She stared at her torn magical field, already re-knitting itself and came to a quick decision.
“Okay, I’m out.”
She slithered out of the way fast. Eldavin watched her go, smugly. He turned his head across the ruined floor; only a few figures remained. His eyes locked on one across the hall.
“And now. I believe my kindred is finally ready for me.”
Feor looked up. The half-Elf’s eyes were glowing and Eldavin turned to face him. This entire time, Feor had been chanting soundlessly. The two looked at each other. Slowly, Feor lifted his staff.
“Magus Eldavin. There are some things even a [Grand Mage] should be wary of. We are still [Mages] of Wistram, no matter how much we change. Even in the days when [Mages] challenged Archmages, it was never done lightly.”
“Lightly, Archmage Feor? I should repeat the same to you. Even Archmages did not lightly tread in other [Mage]’s affairs. You are interfering in my business. Stay away from Ryoka Griffin. She is not yours.”
Feor’s eyes widened. The words the two were exchanging were incomprehensible to anyone not standing close to them. The Archmage raised his staff.
“Grand Magus. Enough.”
The glowing orb set into the ancient ironwood sparked. Eldavin looked up and saw the air open. He saw the spell that Feor had been working on for the last six minutes activate. And his smile flickered.
“[Valmira’s True Comet Storm].”
The Tier 6 spell activated. The first glowing comet burst out of the air. It was not as fast as most spells. But it had a terrible glow about it. Each one the size of the first spell Eldavin had flung at the high table.
Each one—aimed at Eldavin. The half-Elf blinked across the room. The comets began to follow.
“He’s going to blow the entire banquet hall to smithereens! Sa’la, help me reinforce the barriers!”
Dozens of the spells were shooting forwards. Individually, they were Tier 5. But Feor was throwing dozens through the air, and dozens more—
Not even Grand Mage Esiela came close to this. Trey shielded his face as they began to detonate. This was an army-killing spell! He saw the Minotaur’s siege weapons firing in his mind. A reflection of that, if not the same way.
 
—-
 
Eldavin flung himself across the ground, moving to the back of the hall. He threw up barriers and saw them explode as a comet hit them. There was no using the same [Forest of Stone] spell—nor evading the hail of meteors.
He retreated as Feor made comets land around Eldavin, cutting off places to [Flash Step] or teleport to. The half-Elf began throwing up repeating barriers of magic, just—single-hit deflection shields. Layers and layers of them.
The comet storm converged on him. He could see Feor past the flashes of light, eyes glowing, staff raised. He was simply channeling power into the spell, unleashing the kind of magic that had once made [Archmages] feared.
Ah. He stood, throwing up magical barriers, enduring the onslaught. But at last—at last—
He was no longer mocking the [Mages].
There were spells he could cast. Attack spells, indirect ways of fighting this kind of magic. Evade, attack from far away while staying undetected or ahead of your foe. But he had not come to kill.
