8.04 T
Page 29
“Exactly. Why, we had glorious days where we’d turn the weather to fall and sip drinks in Somela’s Forest. Wonderful trees, blooming in every color; damned petals kept getting in the drinks, but half the academy would be there. Rain for [Hydromancers], baking sun for [Pyromancers] and so on. Weather informs magic. Well, the reverse was also true; you’d get miserable [Pyromancers] in torrential downpours who had to cast [Fireball] before their masters let them in to eat! One time a poor [Pyromancer] camped for two weeks in the rain. Had to survive on fish and donations and a quarter of the student body gave him tips until he finally mastered the spell.”
He laughed heartily at the memory. Trey nodded. He’d had similar training from Gazi and the [Mages] of Parasol Stroll. The students, though, looked appalled.
“That’s barbaric!”
“What? He learned the spell. Adversity! Don’t tell me they don’t throw [Aeromancers] off the high balconies anymore? That’s how you learn to fly. Or at least, break your fall.”
At that, Trey shuddered.
“I learned how to cast [Slow Fall] that way.”
Mena gaped at him. Eldavin beamed.
“There you are. The old ways! Not everything old is wrong. Not everything…”
He lapsed into silence for a moment. And he looked terribly sad for a moment.
“I remember a time when Archmage Chandler roamed these halls. Is it anathema to speak his name? There was a time when Terandria boasted of their Archmage!”
Charles de Trevalier’s head slowly turned incredulously. The Libertarians froze up. Mena gulped.
“Grand Magus—”
Eldavin wasn’t listening. He turned to the [Sand Mage].
“You seem to have decent foundations, young man. Who taught you? Er…”
He squinted for a second.
“Trey Atwood, isn’t it?”
Trey began to choke on his food.
“W-what? No, it’s Troy Atlas.”
“Oh. My mistake.”
Eldavin gave Trey a look and casually sipped from his drink. Trey felt a huge pit burning in his stomach, but no one seemed to have noticed. But he had an anti-[Appraisal] ring and everything! They had told him—
 
—-
 
Valeterisa was growing increasingly antsy. She did not care for this seating. Moreover, she had just spotted the young man with the Lifesand Golem.
He had run away from her. Screaming. It was not a unique experience, but now she saw him sitting at a table with what her internal notes identified as Grand Magus Eldavin, affiliation unknown, level unknown, apparently older than Archmagus Feor.
That would have already interested her. But in her head, one of her thought-processes attracted the attention of all the others.
Ding! Translation complete. The mysterious note on the wall finally sorted itself through her translation.
 
I am Magus Eldavin and offer you a secret of fire…
 
Viltach was sighing. Someone had brought up the Necromancer, apparently. Magus Rievan was pointing and the Archmage glaring.
“If they’re over there, the better for it. Let them talk. No, just let them talk, Rievan.”
He shooed the [Mage] away. Some old [Mage] who had as many memory issues as incontinence ones? It didn’t matter; no wonder Soner had put a [Grand Mage] over there. He turned.
“As I was saying, Valeteris—”
He looked around. She had left the table in the third course and wandered off. Viltach cursed and sighed. Lack of decorum everywhere!
 
—-
 
“I actually think they’re not going to approach us. Which means we have to go begging to them. Ridiculous.”
The Drakes were glowering from their isolation table. The voice from the scrying orb was patient.
“Wistram owes the Walled Cities little. Go to Grand Magus Eldavin. I can vouch for his superior knowledge.”
