8.04 T
Page 10
“Did you want something, Archmage Nailihuaile?”
“I was just wondering if you cared to join us after the banquet. You have a lot to catch up on in Wistram, and I hoped to get to you first.”
The Star Lamia smiled coyly. Valeterisa just sighed.
“Politics. I do not care to socialize, Archmage Nailihuaile. And Archmages Feor and Viltach have both approached me already.”
“They did? Those sneaky…can I persuade you to join me?”
“I would prefer to learn what there is to learn outright. Will you tell me?”
Valeterisa turned to Naili. The Star Lamia shut her mouth and smiled. Another sigh.
“Then I will attend one party afterwards and join whichever faction seems to be in charge. Now. I would like to find another bug. Goodbye, Archmage Naili.”
She walked off. The Star Lamia shrugged at Beatrice, who was a bit taken aback at how…non-interested Valeterisa was! She really didn’t care for Wistram’s politics and power. She was only Archmage because her magical abilities were top-notch.
And then Valeterisa turned.
“Archmage Naili. Perhaps you will answer me.”
“Yes, Valeterisa?”
Naili brightened up. She looked back. The Archmage of Izril gazed at her.
“Where is Amerys?”
The Star Lamia’s eyes narrowed. Beatrice froze. Naili just chuckled, though, and made a beckoning motion with her tail.
“We really must talk, Valeterisa. The Archmages will convene after the parties. But we can be on the same page before then. What about it? Party, then my quarters later.”
The older [Mage] just sighed and walked on.
 
—-
 
Valeterisa had little power. She was an Archmage, but one without faction or friends—at least, many over the decade she had been away. Power, in Wistram, was more than just magical talent.
Telim explained this all to Aaron over a private lunch.
“Power is more than magic, young Vanwell.”
The young Vanwell, the [Magictech Engineer], nodded, then caught himself and frowned.
“…Isn’t that wrong, High Mage Telim?”
The man chortled. Telim was a big-bearded man with red hair, and a big…belly. He was a lifer for Wistram, and was eating a rather large lunch. Aaron was saving himself for the banquet tonight, but Telim clearly thought he’d have room.
“Not in Wistram, lad. Archmages were always good at politics as much as magic, even before Zelkyr. Valeterisa’s been away for too long. Not that she’s poor at politics, mind you. She hates it more than I hate running about—but she’s a cold serpent, even more than Nailihuaile. Although she does love new and fascinating magical things, so she might well like you.”
Aaron had not met her. She was not in on the secret. He picked at some deviled eggs, which even had little tiny horns on them made out of some hard corn batter.
Telim was an odd friend for Aaron to have made, but the young man felt like he was one of the first. Because Telim was not as nakedly ambitious as Naili or some other [Mages]. They had met when the man heard about the therapy sessions for the Earthers who had come here and helped supply them with potions.
After that? He’d gotten to talking and now he and Aaron and some of the other Earthers and [Mages] were creating the world’s first real-life combat simulations. Their name for it was Magical Reality—a play on Virtual Reality.
But in their product, you’d step into a room or building and fight monsters, experience dungeon raids—do anything you could envision, perhaps! All without the fear of death.
