8.04 T
Page 24
“Perhaps not, Archmage Feor. But we find ourselves divided too often despite the fact that we are both Archmages of Terandria. Archmage Nailihuaile and Verdan are quick to ally. Chandrar’s Archmages—Archmage has yet to appear. But as it stands, there is one alliance.”
The half-Elf’s finger tapped against his plate slowly.
“Insofar as Terandria’s interests are represented, we find common ground, Viltach. However, Terandrian and Izrilian interests would provide a majority in most discussions.”
“True. What say you to that, Valeterisa?”
Both looked sideways at her. Valeterisa sighed. She selected Item #4 from the list she’d been composing with her multiple minds.
“That would depend on the nature of the discussion, Archmages. I have yet to be informed of what is necessary.”
“Ah.”
“Quite. But in the event that we come to odds?”
“No doubt Terandria should ally with Izril since we are closer to each other than Baleros.”
Valeterisa’s face was smooth. Viltach and Feor looked at each other and nodded. They pressed Valeterisa, innocently pretending to argue. She proceeded to ignore them. She was—distracted. She hadn’t made the mistake of getting lost in herself as she had before that fascinating young woman had woken her, but she was still devoting only a third of her mind to the present. And even that was really too much.
One third was performing analysis on that light beetle, speculating about the political acts she might need to take…and another third was busy deciphering a puzzle. Her eyes flickered across the floor. More guests moved in; it was hardly as if there was a set time for the banquet to occur.
And that was when Grand Magus Eldavin appeared.
 
—-
 
It was about forty minutes after his discussion with Ryoka Griffin. The Grand Magus had collected himself since then.
No—what was there to collect? He was perfectly calm. The half-Elf strode into the banquet hall and exhaled.
Erin Solstice was…not dead. Wounded, yes. And he had learned that Maviola El had also passed. The young [Lady] with fire and an older soul.
These things happened. He had seen better mortals die. Had he not lived so long as to know the fragility of their lives?
He was Teriarch, Lord of Flame.
No, he was Eldavin—
It mattered not. The half-Elf looked around, waiting to be announced and escorted to his seat. He had promised Ryoka Griffin to help, and he would keep his word. That was all.
They burn bright, like fireflies. That is why we do not grow attached. I did not even know her.
Eldavin remembered a hilltop. A garden he had thought he would never set foot in again. An absurd movie on a screen, inaccurate Elves…popcorn and a Gnoll child with white fur.
It meant nothing. He looked around then saw the High Mage hurrying over. Eldavin frowned with annoyance. But he controlled himself.
The young woman was dead. Not dead. Either way, it mattered not.
He was fine.
“Grand Mage Eldavin, apologies. Your seat is just over here…”
Eldavin looked towards the High Table. But the Naga was gesturing to…Eldavin stopped.
He was placed about midway across the banquet hall, away from the buffet. He eyed the Naga.
“What is the meaning of this?”
High Mage Soner winced. But he put a huge smile on his face as he turned, coiling upon himself.
“Regrettably, the Archmages must entertain some Terandrian nobility—as well as Chandrarian, Grand Magus. We—thought that you would appreciate some peace and quiet without disruption in Wistram politics on your first night here.”
