8.04 T
Page 34
And in that, he underestimated Eldavin’s wrath. The Grand Magus had been forced to endure the Libertarian’s loud jokes, not to mention the insults and his splendid fall. He had realized he’d been shuffled off to the side.
A lesser man might have left altogether, or caused a scene before being escorted out. But Eldavin…
He was a Dragon. And Dragons did not forget so easily.
“Archmages of Wistram! Esteemed guests! It is my honor to return to the halls of Wistram after a century’s time! I, Grand Mage Eldavin, have elected to perform a magical working in honor of this occasion!”
The booming voice cut through the air and the entire hall looked up. Soner put his serpentine face in his hands as he slithered forwards. The Archmages looked around. Trey inhaled.
Eldavin was standing away from his table, arms outstretched, magnifying his voice. Now people looked at him, really—looked at him.
“Handsome half-Elf.”
Sa’la whispered to Telim. He pushed her.
“Don’t tell me that. What am I supposed to do with your input? I hope he doesn’t embarrass himself.”
“Should I stop him, Archmage?”
Feor grimaced.
“Let another faction—or we shall see what he does.”
He glanced down the table, but the other guests looked amused. Eldavin went on, casually ignoring Mena and Seky.
“It has always been custom for [Mages] to attract the attention of Archmages so! And be it so humble, but my magic may speak for itself. Behold!”
“What custom is he talking about, Feor?”
Naili leaned over. Feor frowned.
“I hardly remember anything so elegant. It was all…more chaotic back in my day. With…”
He bit back the words. Archmage Chandler and the rest. Those had been different times. He watched with resignation as the half-Elf prepared to humiliate himself. Certainly, the Libertarians were jeering.
“Stop him! Would you two do your jobs for—”
High Mage Soner hurried forwards. Then he saw why Mena, Seky, and the other minders couldn’t drag Eldavin to his seat or make him leave the hall. They were pressed against something.
“A barrier spell?”
“We can’t get through, High Mage—”
“Gah. That old—[Dispel Magic]!”
Soner pointed a wand at the invisible space. He slithered confidently at Eldavin and went thunk into the invisible barrier. Dazed, the Naga recoiled.
“What the—?”
He tried again, but to no avail. And Eldavin now was lifting his hands. He had no wand or staff. Like a maestro, he waited as the hall gazed at him.
“What a silly old man, mother.”
“Watch.”
The leader of the [Depth Mages] stirred. Valeterisa had turned to watch. The Drakes from Fissival were gazing at Eldavin and one had lifted Grimalkin’s orb up obligingly so he could watch. Everyone else was gazing out of the corner of their eye, or idly. The smart ones were more intent. Ullsinoi were already taking bets on what it would be.
Eldavin stood poised, eyes closed. Concentrating. Naili hoped it wouldn’t be some old-style long-form spell chanted with like, a six-minute casting time.
She watched as Eldavin lowered his open arms. And then he stomped his foot.
Lines of light radiated out across the banquet hall from his foot. Intricate patterns, flashing across the stone, glowing a gentle blue. Forming an elaborate…magical circle nearly sixty feet by sixty feet.
Feor sat up in his seat. Naili started choking on her roasted rat.
Telim rubbed at his eyes and checked the alcohol content of his glass of rum. He turned to Sa’la.
“Did he just—is that a spell circle?”
“It can’t be. It looks like one, but—he stomped his foot?”
