8.04 T
Page 22
Each group who knew the score had brought gifts. For instance, there was rich fish roe from the [Depth Mages] sitting veiled and separate from the main tables. As Telim had told Aaron, the hierarchy was in full effect; the main factions sat closer to the head tables, with notable outsiders on the periphery and the general [Mage]-public to the rear of the banquet hall.
This was actually agreeable for the general public who didn’t care to be waited upon. They swarmed the buffet tables, talking, casting little spells and generally having a great time while politics and dignity engulfed the more important guests. Telim himself repeated his bag of holding trick, much to the umbrage of everyone who was lined up for cream puffs and many of the Earth-style desserts.
It was debatable whether expense = better, but that was [Mages] for you. Even the food was a kind of code.
“And what is this?”
A Fissival [Mage] pointed at one of the pizzas, now a staple in the diets of [Mages]. He looked at his fellow guests, noticeably shoved off the main gathering. They were displeased, but that was rivalry for you. One of the Oldblood Drakes sniffed; she was a [Wardmistress].
“Looks like cheese on bread. The things they come up with. Why…is that pineapple?”
Some people were depraved. But the symbolism wasn’t missed. A [Combat Mage] folded his arms and exhaled a bit of frost.
“New food. Plays. This is an echo of what was going down at Pallass. Your thoughts, Magus Grimalkin?”
A voice spoke from a scrying orb placed on the table. One of six; other Drakes were observing the banquet, symbolically here.
“Don’t eat the pizza. It’s quite unhealthy. Yes, this is exactly like Liscor. They have at least one.”
“Odds are—dozens. We’ve fallen behind. If the damned secret-thing these idiots have is any indication. I bought a ‘medium’ secret which…paugh. We have to get one for Fissival. If Pallass won’t share?”
He raised one brow. Grimalkin exhaled.
“I am Pallass. The only reason I am communicating is because this is a shared interest, Magus. Now—do you see Grand Magus Eldavin anywhere?”
The [Combat Mage] glanced around the room.
“We’re still filling up. So—not the pizza? What about the gelato?”
“Even worse.”
The other Drakes rolled their eyes. One went up to get a triple scoop. Magus Grimalkin was a graduate of Fissival, but he did preach so.
“When are we ‘allowed’ to mingle?”
“I think it’s the fourth course.”
The [Wardmistress] rolled her eyes.
“Wonderful. Where’s our [Waiter]? Excuse me—wine. Lots of it.”
They were one faction, and outliers at that. Other groups also observed their tenuous position in the pecking order, as set down by High Mage Soner.
“They’ve exiled us to this table, mother. What do we do? Are they insulting you? Testing?”
One of the [Depth Mages] from the sea-faction leaned over. Their leader, veiled in both aura and clothing, sat very still. She occasionally put a fork or bite under her clothing.
“In times past, they knew the worth of our magic. Perhaps since Zelkyr they have forgotten. Either way, the landfolk have what we need. Endure indignity.”
Her daughters nodded. Each one was quite peculiar—but Soner hadn’t noticed and the sea’s representatives were content to observe. For now.
Other new arrivals were in far better standing. An old Garuda for instance, Grand Magus Erkika, was included right in the circle of tables around the Archmages. He was known to all the [Mages], and they were plying him with wine as his apprentices and the serving staff fetched whatever he desired.
