8.04 T
Page 8
The [Runemistress] remembered Calvaron and it still hurt. It still tore at her insides, the memories of those old days. She still recalled that night of horror, as well as how the cursed study group had formed. Ceria, Calvaron, herself, the traitor, and later, Montressa.
She never forgot. Some nights the memories filled her head. So—how could Montressa, how could Ceria forget? Allow that monster to walk about, even journey and fight beside him as a team?
“Montressa lied. That’s clear in hindsight. Well, it was pretty clear at the time. Clear as my neck-frills, but I thought she was still on our side. That’s the problem with traitors. You really like them, right, Beatrice? She was your friend. Any idea why she did this?”
Naili spoke at last. Beatrice shifted.
“She was my friend, Archmagus. She and I ran our secret broker business. I stood by her even after all that happened. And now? I do not know her.”
She held her head in her hands and turned it to face her torso. Naili looked sympathetic.
“This has got to be hard for you Beatrice, is it? It looks like it. Listen, if you want, you can do it yourself.”
“No, Archmagus. There’s too much to do here. And Montressa—no. Thank you.”
The Lamia nodded. She tapped her staff, the relic-class artifact, the Serkonian Lance, to the ground. Not to cast a spell, just to be official.
“Then, as leader of the Revivalists and Archmagus and all of that, I expel Montressa du Valeross from our faction. I can’t do it from Wistram alone, but I only need one more Archmage’s support. And Feor won’t object. Because of her, someone from Earth was lost. And there are more children there. She isn’t ours. Bezale—I’ll let the Scriptels handle her. But she had no authority, do you understand, High Mage?”
“Yes, Archmagus.”
“Sort it out.”
Nailihuaile nodded to the blank scrying orb. There weren’t visuals since they only had a speaking spell on. The other end produced an affirmative sound.
“I’m ending the spell. Let me know what happens.”
It was done. The Archmage turned away from the mirror and slithered across her personal chambers. Beatrice stayed there for a second, then fastened her head to her body.
Good riddance. The Horns remained. But at least someone would pay. She came to stand behind the Lamia as the Archmage sighed.
“I don’t get it. She was right with you, Beatrice. I was going to make her my apprentice—or find her a good master for an [Aegiscaster]! What could have happened? She was begging me to go after that Pisces fellow and…”
“I don’t know, Archmagus. May we change the subject?”
Beatrice looked ahead. Naili nodded.
“Speaking of [Mages]—we’ve got some interesting guests. The Drowned Folk have sent some, there’s Drakes from Fissival—I’m really sad. Do you know why I’m sad?”
“No, Archmage. Why?”
Part of being Naili’s trusted helper was indulging her. Naili flitted around her room, getting ready for the banquet. Lamias and other snake-body type Lizardfolk didn’t dress like normal. Pants were impossible, and dresses were more for the look rather than a great need for modesty.
“I wanted Grimalkin of Pallass to attend. But he’ll only be watching via mirror. Do you know him? Did you hear about his duel with Archmage Feor?”
“Yes, Archmage. But I didn’t see it. Was it entertaining?”
“I would have loved to see him do it again! He kept trying to punch Feor’s lights out—ah, well. This is our first big banquet. Maybe Grimalkin will arrive later. And speaking of big names—Valeterisa’s back! I wasn’t even an Archmage when she left.”
