8.04 T
Page 37
Then Viltach called out. Naili and Verdan were standing back, but he and Feor were confronting this mad half-Elf! Feor was muttering fast, his fingers working on a complex spell, but Viltach was too irate to cast a large spell. He strode across the ground and jerked his wand.
Charles went soaring left—then screamed as he was moved right in the path of Viltach’s next spell. The man cursed and the orb went sideways. It detonated, and some of the students close to the battle too slow to get out of the way screamed as magic peppered their skin.
Eldavin’s head turned. His eyes widened.
“Are you mad?”
He motioned and Charles and Timor flew at Viltach. They hit his barrier, but slowed the Archmage up. Eldavin whirled on the other [Mages].
“Barrier spells! Put them up!”
He pointed at Telim. The [High Mage] had already erected one around his group, but at Eldavin’s furious finger he reflexively began to cast them on the other students in the way. Eldavin scowled. Then—turned.
“Ah, oop—”
The next spell from Viltach blew him across the ground.
Valeterisa watched. The [Greater Spellshield] had dissipated the force of the explosive orb, as had some other barrier spell, but Eldavin still had to pick himself up. The half-Elf looked up and blinked out of existence. The second explosion made Viltach’s head swivel.
“You have the audacity to attack an Archmage?”
Eldavin reappeared on a table, half of which was burning. His eyes flashed.
“You have the audacity to call yourself an Archmage? I knew the Archmage of Golems! How many challenges do you think he endured, boy?”
Viltach wavered. Then he aimed—
“[Blue Lightning Bolt]!”
Again Eldavin vanished. [Lesser Teleport]. He popped back into existence, raised a hand, and blocked the third bolt of lightning.
Frost and electricity. He grimaced. Half the hall was in the midst of evacuating; the [Mages] more preoccupied with slapping down barrier spells. But this—his eyes narrowed as he saw a contingent who hadn’t fled.
Drakes, standing behind a layered barrier spell. That reminded him of something. The half-Elf smiled.
“Ah, yes.”
With one hand he kept up the barrier against Viltach’s furious onslaught. With the second, he began chanting.
“[Bubble of Air]. [Bound Compression]. [Stone Armor]—”
“Viltach! You’re blowing half the hall apart! Stop!”
Nailihuaile called out. She was watching the half-Elf, edging out for her shot with her Serkonian Lance. She saw the Archmage snarl—then saw the half-Elf move.
“[Bear’s Strength]. [Haste]. And…[Flash Step].”
He blurred straight at Viltach. The Archmage hadn’t expected that. He’d been laying down a volley of spells that an entire squad of [Mages] would have been hard-pressed to match, but Eldavin had been blocking it all.
Magnificence. Because, Valeterisa, watching, had noticed the barrier the half-Elf was applying was still being reinforced by the mana drain circle. Viltach hadn’t realized. And now, the Archmage saw Eldavin speed at him. He tried to dodge, trusting to his personal barrier—
Magus Grimalkin of Pallass saw Eldavin collide with Viltach at top speed. The Drake—who really could have used some popcorn at this moment, despite the health qualms he had with the condiments—saw the half-Elf was covered in the [Stone Armor] spell.
It was rather like being body-checked by a brick wall at high speed. Viltach was protected, but he went over hard. He scrambled up, aiming a finger up at Eldavin—
