8.04 T
Page 14
Trey grabbed at it. Was she becoming more Gazi-like just because he’d made her that way? Then—he froze.
On a hunch, he’d told the little Golem to look with him. Now—the little Golem urgently hit his shoulder with her little fist. Trey blinked. He looked around—
Empty hallway. He exhaled, but Minizi was banging on his skin. And staring…
The [Sand Mage] looked at a blank patch of air. Slowly, he reached out. Nothing. He took a few more steps and pushed his vacant hand into—
Archmage Valeterisa’s bespectacled face appeared as she shed the spell. She peered at Trey as he recoiled.
“That is a Lifesand Golem. How did you make one? Will you make me one? I will pay you in gold or secrets.”
Trey stared at her. The woman peered at him. He threw up his arms, screamed, and ran. He knew trouble when he saw it and he wasn’t getting his throat slashed twice.
 
—-
 
Archmage Valeterisa was terrorizing the hallways. The other [Mages] were gathering, getting settled in, exchanging secrets, giving each other gifts.
Now was the time of potential. Wistram never changed. Well…it did, actually. Quite a lot. But a clever mind could always adapt.
“Let me see. This should do it.”
Eldavin glanced down the hallway to the right and left as he fiddled with the wall. He’d cast an illusion on both ends to make it look like stone, but anyone could walk in. There were tricky [Mages], or at least, there had been when he had last come.
He had no money—at least, not his vast hoard of wealth—and few secrets he cared to enter into Wistram’s economy. So he’d have to make something from nothing!
He was a Dragon. It was easy. Eldavin straightened and regarded the handiwork of the spell-letters he’d written onto the wall.
They were in a form of writing once used by mages. A dead language used in spoken chants. It already cut down the number of people who’d be able to decipher it, but the glowing words were clearly visible to anyone who cast [Detect Magic]. Quite invisible to the naked eye.
It read, when translated:
‘The key to knowledge lies in the heart of the source of the page. To the one clever enough to descry meaning from this, I am Eldavin who offers you the clue.’
It was a proper riddle—not a hard one! But one that only a perceptful [Mage] would read. Dead language, invisible letters. Oh, and the riddle.
It referred to a key to a hidden library in Wistram. Eldavin had made it very easy to solve on purpose. ‘Heart of the source of the page’. Obviously, a tree, and there was a forest in Wistram you could visit…
He rubbed his hands together happily. He had a strong working knowledge of many of Wistram’s hidden areas. People would find the dozen or so clues he’d put around the most-populated hallways in Wistram, come to him, and he’d be in the secrets-game soon enough. Obviously, some people knew of the forest library, but the fact that he, Eldavin, was showing people the depth of his knowledge just added to his reputation.
All he had to do now was wait. The Grand Magus smugly went back to his rather small and cramped rooms to wait. He’d put them up as soon as he’d arrived. If he knew the [Mages], they were already in a furor, translating, speculating who could have put up the spells without being seen in the hallways! Gossip would have them pounding on his door. Any minute now…
Eldavin waited for three hours until he realized no one was coming. He went to check each hidden message and hit upon a flaw in his plan.
Yes, they were visible to anyone who cast [Detect Magic]. Yes, the riddles were obvious.
