8.04 T
Page 32
But it was too late. Eldavin had turned in his seat again. He fixed Charles with a look.
“What do you mean, young man? I am in the company of [Mages] seeking my knowledge. As befits wisdom, which you appear to lack.”
The words stung and provoked chuckles, but Charles just sneered at him.
“I’m sure that’s the reason you’re sitting here, Grand Magus. After all, someone else with your class is right over—oh.”
He nodded to the old Garuda sitting practically next to the Archmages. Eldavin’s eyes slowly narrowed.
“I am tired from my journeys and sit where I choose, boy.”
“Of course, sir. And I did not hear you object at length to your position? You were certainly not placed here because everyone felt it would be an embarrassment to have you utter your ramblings in front of our esteemed guests.”
He nodded to a [Mage Lord] of Terandria, some of the Chandrarian nobility and other guests. More laughter, louder, from the Libertarian faction. The half-Elf looked around, and then saw Mena’s abashed expression. The other people sitting around the table save for Trey bit their lips and he read the truth of it on their faces.
Slowly, the tips of Eldavin’s ears turned red. Then his face. He opened his mouth to respond—and then stood up.
“We shall see about that.”
He began to stride away from the table. Mena rose.
“Grand Magus—please, it’s not even the fourth course—Grand Magus!”
High Mage Soner was already moving on an intercept course as Eldavin stormed towards the high table.
“Out of my way. I have words for the Archmages regarding my business—”
“Sir! Grand Magus, Grand Magus, please, there is no need to cause a scene…”
It was hardly the only interesting thing happening in the hall, of course. At this very moment, one of the Earthers at the private table where Aaron was sitting was juggling flaming chicken nuggets to laughter. Another [Mage] was dueling a rival far to the back of the room in a grudge match, and a fiery debate had just ignited between the Libertarians and Centrists about which side was right in the Ailendamus vs Dawn Concordat battle.
But Eldavin was certainly part of the scene. The Archmages noticed him arguing with Soner and some of their representatives. They affected not to notice, except for Naili, who was watching with amusement.
“Grand Magus, the Archmages are not taking unsolicited meetings at this moment!”
In the end, Soner burst out with the truth. The full truth, the whole truth, and, to Trey, the wrong truth. He saw Eldavin stare at the Naga.
“So I am refused admission?”
“Later, I am certain they will all have time for…”
For you. The Libertarians were all chuckling. Eldavin stared at the Archmages—all of whom were looking away. Naili waved apologetically.
Trey waited for a detonation. But it never came. Never let it be said Dragons didn’t respect rules…except when they didn’t. But Eldavin just adjusted his robes.
“I see.”
He turned, and slowly, with great dignity, went back to his table, ignoring the laughter. The tips of his ears were red, but he was calming down.
It might have ended there. But then—it could have been a leg, a sneaky spell, a bit of something on the floor. Or his robes.
He tripped and went sprawling. Charles, Timor, even Rievan, and everyone in sight howled with laughter as the half-Elf picked himself up.
“Grand Magus—are you—”
Mena and Seky went to pick him up. Eldavin brushed off their hands. His face was pale now. He walked over and sat down at the table. Trey Atwood gave him one look. Then he stood up.
“I have to um…it was a pleasure to meet you, Grand Magus.”
