8.04 T
Page 44
He’d gotten to safety—just. But his robes were simultaneously on fire, dissolving from acid, steaming wet, and suffering from multiple effects. He’d also taken a number of injuries to his legs and right side.
In the silence, Valeterisa’s head turned. Her face was composed, even blank. She looked at Eldavin.
“I am Archmage Valeterisa of Izril. The authority of Wistram’s Archmages does not submit to a lone [Grand Mage]. Will you relent?”
Eldavin stared up at her. His eyes sparked—and then he raised a hand, palm up.
“I do. I throw myself upon the mercy of the Council of [Mages], and apologize for my indiscretions. I will, of course, make amends.”
The Archmage of Izril gazed at Eldavin as he groaned and reached for a healing potion. Uncertainly, Feor adjusted his staff. After a moment, Valeterisa nodded.
“Very good.”
She turned and walked off. The audience stared at Eldavin as he groaned about actual pain and fumbled with the cork, then smashed it on the ground and levitated the liquid up to tend to his wounds. They looked at each other.
So camest Eldavin, [Grand Mage] of Wistram, to the Academy of Mages.
 
—-
 
The next day, Grand Magus Eldavin woke up sore.
Where?
Everywhere. And it wasn’t just physical pain. He was suffering from mana burnout. He felt sick, nauseated, and nearly tried to blow up…reality…that he might not suffer this.
He eventually stumbled to his feet after downing a healing potion and mana potion because he was hungry.
The injustices of a body that didn’t run on mana or generate it for himself! He was halfway out the door when he realized two things.
Firstly, that he hadn’t put his robes on, forgetting once again that he was supposed to wear clothes almost at all times. He was only in his undergarments, which was well because an entire crowd of people was waiting for him.
The half-Elf stopped as they all admired his abs.
“Whoa. Dude’s ripped.”
Someone muttered in the crowd. Trey thought it was George. Eldavin did not blush—he just tapped his body.
“Excuse me.”
Cloth covered him in a second, attiring him like some scholar-adventurer. He still walked back into the room and came out a moment later in his robes. Then he looked around.
“It seems I have guests.”
“Grand Magus, I come from Archmage—”
Eldavin raised a hand and the speaker was [Silenced]. He looked around—the hallway was packed—and then strode off. The crowd followed.
Trey knew exactly where Eldavin was going. So he took a shortcut, ran, and beat the others to the banquet hall. Eldavin settled himself down at a table.
The hall was still being fixed, but Golems were remarkably good at fixing up stuff good as new. So too with magic. He investigated the buffet, and food dishes levitated after him.
Half a dozen people wanted to show him to a seat, or had one waiting for him. Eldavin regarded the crowd, motioned them all aside, and pointed.
“Young Troy. And you. And you.”
He pointed. Three people, including Troy came to sit at the table. The others found themselves excluded by ten feet or more, unable to hear or see what was being said within.
Trey found himself sitting with Teura, Archmage Valeterisa, and Eldavin at the same table. He definitely felt like the odd one out. Eldavin politely raised his brow.
“Do neither of you have the desire to breakfast?”
Teura hesitated. She rose slowly, but Valeterisa did not. Trey already had his food.
“I do not require food. I wished to talk with you, Grand Magus.”
“It seems many do. Quite a difference from yesterday, when I was unknown. But as I believe it was said, ‘magic walks and talks the halls of Wistram—’”
