8.04 T
Page 18
“Ah, he is sending me a tuning request.”
“What’s that?”
“It’s a frequency of…you set it that you two can comm—hold on.”
She raised the glowing stone and focused on it. Then her eyes flickered; Ryoka knew that was the telltale of sending a [Message] spell.
“This can’t be…you can do…?”
“Is something wrong?”
Jericha ignored her. Ryoka bounced on the balls of her feet. Then she waited.
And waited.
And…
Ryoka was nervously chewing on a snack when Jericha finally lowered the now-glowing lodestone. Her brow was covered in sweat.
“I have never received a request that complex before. Hello? This is Jericha, speaking on behalf of Miss Ryoka Griffin. Riverfarm. Is the spell functioning?”
“Perhaps you have never properly tuned a speaking stone before. I am T—Grand Magus Eldavin. Wistram. Kindly relay this to Miss Griffin.”
Jericha blinked. She handed the stone to Ryoka. Then she stared. Ryoka held the stone up.
“Eldavin?”
“Yes, yes. Please exit the Mage’s Guild, Ryoka, and find yourself a secure space at once. And tell that [Mage] that if she doesn’t bother to encrypt her speaking stones, she is providing poor service!”
The voice was familiar and not. It didn’t have the bass of the Dragon’s full voice, and yet it was him. Jericha’s jaw opened. Ryoka hesitated.
“I have to—sorry, Jericha. Thank you so much, but it’s an important client and…”
She practically ran out of the room. Jericha half-rose to go after her, but she was sweating. Then the [Mage] looked around.
“I have to write that down! Where’s…”
She scrambled for a quill and paper.
 
—-
 
Teriarch was rather impatient as he heard Ryoka puffing along. He was pressing her—but waiting until she got to a secure place.
“Cast a [Silence] spell, any anti-scrying spell, hm, and obviously image-deflection spells. An illusion spell will do if you must, simply to prevent lip-reading. Oh, and check your location first. A [Rogue] can always hide within your enclosed space.”
“Is…is that you, Eldavin? Really, you?”
“Yes, yes. Hurry now.”
“I have to tell you—”
“Prepare the space first, Ryoka.”
He snapped. Ryoka hesitated. She was gulping, huffing, fumbling with a lock—he adjusted the intensity of the stone. The nerve of that little [Mage], asking him why it had to be so complex. So he could adjust volume, make sure no one was listening, and so on!
“I can use some scrolls, and I have a [Silence] scroll, but I don’t know about the rest. Anti-scrying?”
“You do not have an anti-scrying spell?”
“No. My name is good enough, isn’t it?”
“Someone can [Scry] an area even if they fail to scry you! At least check your area! Cast [Aura Detection]!”
“…I don’t have that.”
The Dragon stopped. He was pacing in his room.
“…[Spell Purge]. [Contained Room]. [Isolation Bubble]. …[Detect Life]?”
“I do have that one. But uh…no, wait. I must have sold it.”
He closed his eyes.
“Very well. Walk around your room and touch every conceivable space where something could be. Ceiling, floor…then shut the window and shut the doors and lock them. We shall speak covertly either way. Is that…mundane enough for you?”
“I’m doing it, I’m doing it. Not everyone can cast magic! You are Eldavin, aren’t you? We should confirm it…”
“Where did I send you when we first met? Before that, tell me how much my price was in quantifiable units for my first task.”
“Four hundred gold pieces. And the Bloodfields. Okay, we’re secure.”
“Have you checked the doors and windows?”
“They’re closed. I’m not st—oh, wait.”
Creak. Someone closed the shutters that had given her trouble before and latched it. Eldavin was pointedly silent. After a few seconds, he spoke.
