8.04 T
Page 45
“—little else does.”
The half-Elf stopped. Valeterisa looked at him. She was scooted to the edge of her seat, and, Trey noticed, almost vibrating with excitement.
“You recall the same expression. And you knew Archmage Zelkyr and Chandler.”
“Are they speaking his name again already? How does Wistram’s morality change.”
Eldavin snorted, but he gave Valeterisa a second look. She shook her head.
“I have never stopped. Your spellcasting yesterday is the talk of Wistram.”
“Is it now. I will no doubt be fined and censured by the Council. Ah, well…I understand the Academy now. And who to appreciate. Isn’t that so, young man?”
He looked at Troy. The [Sand Mage] ducked his head.
“Thank you, Grand Magus.”
Valeterisa jumped in as Teura returned through the bubble.
“Your spellcasting, Grand Magus, was exemplary. No spell you cast or theorem of magic you applied was unknown. Each spell alteration was replicable by some [Mage]—however you combined all elements in ways not thought of. Even emulating the school of physical magic postulated by Magus Grimalkin of Pallass!”
“I had cause to meet him. And he did not postulate it. He rediscovered it, if anything. Contextualize it properly, Archmage.”
Eldavin waved a fork as he chewed and spoke. He patted his mouth with a napkin.
“I am a highly-trained generalist practitioner, as befits my [Grand Mage] class. I do not consider myself overly valued for my class—but few [Grand Mages] exist, and it seems Wistram has…overvalued some forms of magic over the time I have been gone.”
Teura looked uncomfortable. Valeterisa just nodded and pushed up her spectacles.
“That is what I observed, Grand Magus. I would like to speak with you more on spell theorems and your recollections of lost magics to our current lexicons. I can provide you with compensation. I am also an Archmage and can probably waive the fines. Or pay for them myself.”
She added the Archmage bit like an afterthought. Eldavin didn’t immediately reply. He just gave a slightly mysterious smile and tapped the table.
“I certainly have time for an Archmage, Magus Valeterisa. And it seems the other factions may wish to speak with me. Certainly, my request to Archmage Feor is not being ignored?”
He looked at Teura. She gulped.
“Certainly not, Grand Magus. And Archmage Feor would deeply appreciate a conversation in his personal quarters at your earliest convenience. He apologizes for the delay.”
“Naturally, naturally. I will, of course, meet with him as soon as is germane.”
Teura’s mouth opened, but Eldavin was enjoying himself. He looked around, and then focused on Troy.
“It seems magic has changed a great deal since I last came to Wistram. And yet—this is still the academy of [Mages]. I see talent, even if it can be honed.”
He gave Valeterisa, even Teura a slow nod. Then he looked at Trey again.
“Perhaps—and I do not know the status of the Council or all the new factions in Wistram as of yet—but perhaps there is room for me to give some small lessons on magic. In exchange for appropriate compensation, of course.”
He looked at Trey, then Valeterisa, and then Teura. And the Dragon smiled internally.
This was it.
Somewhere, the person who had sent the dangerous message was lurking in Wistram, or so he believed. Certainly children of Earth had come here. And the academy had changed. Perhaps it was inevitable.
But he knew what it had been in glory and decay and corruption and greatness. So, the Dragon put his half-Elven foot upon the rudder and began to move it slightly. He looked up and saw watching [Mages], appraising, fearful, enraptured—
