8.04 T
Page 28
Trey also had a lot of experience handling people with huge egos. Fetohep, Flos, the Quarass again for that matter…Trey inclined his head.
“You were saying about the reception, Magus Eldavin?”
The [Bard] sitting next to Trey gave him an exasperated look. She and the others kept trying to get Eldavin to talk about the floors above the Golem’s test. But the half-Elf latched onto Trey’s question.
“Thank you, young man. I’m simply confused. Perhaps you can illuminate me as to why no [Weather Mage] provided clear skies?”
“I’ve only been here two weeks or so, Grand Magus.”
“Ah. Then you, Miss Mena?”
The [Bard] coughed.
“Well, sir, we don’t want to cause another magical typhoon…and once you arrive to Wistram, everything is peaceful.”
“They could have at least extended the bubble of weather.”
The [Bard]’s fake smile was accompanied by a lot of head nodding. She took another long sip of her cup and a bite, then spoke.
“But it’s surely something for a guest, to see a sphere of perfection even out of a storm. That’s impressive, isn’t it? More impressive than clear skies all the way here?”
Eldavin looked at her as if she was mad.
“A localized bubble spell is more impressive than perfection and a satisfactory voyage?”
“No—I just meant—people expect Wistram to be like this, though, so why not let them sail through some bad weather? ‘It’s always sunny in Wistram’, after all.”
“What?”
The [Bard] looked at the others. One did a covert ‘he’s nuts’ gesture with her claw. Trey winced.
“It’s what people say. It’s always sunny in Wistram, Grand Magus. Because of the calm air? Perfect skies? Didn’t they say that when you were here? A hundred years ago?”
The Drake, Seky, gave him a patient smile. Eldavin slowly gulped down another chicken tender.
“I have never heard that in my life, young Drake. And you will drop the patronizing tone. What do you mean, it’s always sunny? When we care for it, we’ll have rain! Tam—dead gods, the flora surely enjoys that! And what about when [Aeromancers] practice? Gale winds. Come to that, they should lower the temperature a bit. It was altogether too warm for my tastes.”
The table blinked at him.
“Lower the…”
“The weather spell. Has no one changed it since…”
And then Eldavin stopped. He looked around incredulously.
“You must be joking. Has no one changed the weather for the last hundred years?”
A silence fell on the table. No one quite wanted to reply. Eldavin began tapping the wooden surface rapidly.
“This—this is incredible! Even if the higher floors are locked, it is not that difficult! Even a junior [Mage] can do it. Do they just not bother to change the setting?”
“I don’t—I didn’t know—”
Mena was flushing, looking around as if Wistram itself were being impugned. Indeed, everyone in earshot was uncomfortable.
Except for Trey. That was, Troy. He was happily eating the imitation of fast food fried chicken and enjoying this.
“So there was different weather when you were here last, Grand Magus?”
The old man looked at Trey approvingly.
