8.04 T
Page 27
“Still, extraordinary. Aren’t you from Izril? A little bird told me that.”
“I have come from there, it is true. And it has been long since I last attended Wistram’s halls. Much has changed. Lack of decorum, you see…”
His voice rose again. And with it, some more illusions. Other [Mages] were showing off too. One conjured a Wyvern; someone else threw a fake spear through it.
“Behave yourselves! There will be no large spellworks without permission!”
An irate voice shouted from the front. Some of the [Mages] laughed, others fell silent. Eldavin meanwhile was getting more and more looks from the Libertarians and nearby [Mages].
“I have half a mind to bring up my complaint with the Archmages at this moment.”
“Tricky, Grand Magus. They will be swamped with people and it will be hard to get a word in edgewise…”
“Then I will insist upon it. Who represents Izril up there?”
“That would be Valeterisa. But the Archmages to know are Feor, Viltach, Nailihuaile at the moment…”
“One of them, then. Feor perhaps. Really, he should have come to me. We are both half-Elves, aren’t we?”
For a [Grand Mage] no one had heard about, he had an ego as large as well, anyone else’s here, and a voice to match. The mostly-Human group began joking as he continued to rant through the second course. One of them leaned over.
“That old hermit-mage seems to think he should be right up next to the Archmages, eh, Charles?”
Charles de Trevalier gave Eldavin a none-too-friendly look. He nodded at Timor du Havrington; they were both Libertarians under the watchful eye of Mage Rievan. The teacher and senior member of their faction cautioned them.
“Do nothing that might embarrass Archmage Viltach, you two.”
They hesitated in front of the warning tone. Charles looked innocently at his mentor.
“That old half-Elf is rather full of himself, Rievan. Half-Elven superiority right there. Shouldn’t someone take him down a notch?”
The [Mage] pursed his lips. Eldavin’s voice came carrying to where they were seated again.
“And the reception at the docks was simply shoddy. One impresses guests with effort, not with half-hearted groups—no offense to your hard work, Miss Mena. But you should have had ten times your numbers, music, personal touches like that make all the difference…not some ragtag group of metal statues. You might as well drag out some actual statues for all the effect the Golems had! What use is one if they act no different than the furniture?”
Rievan’s lips pursed. He’d suggested the Golems on display! He nodded to Charles and Timor.
“Words only.”
They grinned and began composing their work as some more of their fellow students and [Mages] leaned in for the fun. It was clear to them that Eldavin was a Centrist in all but name, and would soon be in Feor’s faction. And the enemy deserved to be embarrassed, especially if they were all talk.
 
—-
 
Trey had abandoned the back table. Telim had made introductions, stayed for a minute to talk illusion with Eldavin, but he had to scamper once the [Chef] honed in on her missing duck. Flynn ran off too, since Prickly was drooling and following the [High Mage].
But Trey was fascinated. This old [Mage]…Trey had no reading on his aura, like some of the better [Mages] here. He seemed like a lot of hot air. And yet—Trey had met the Quarass of Germina. He got the same feeling from this half-Elf as her.
His instincts told him to stay, so he was the one who retrieved food for Eldavin. The [Grand Mage] gave him an approving nod as Trey sat.
“Respect, young man. Troy Atlas, is it? It goes a long way.”
“Yes, Grand Magus.”
