8.04 T
Page 26
…Not to mention he was really loud.
“Respect, young [Mages]! Respect levels! Put that [Depth Mage] at the high table. The one in the center, right there, you see?”
He was pointing at the veiled woman surrounded by the other ones. Trey turned his head; she was a subject of high scrutiny of course; each [Depth Mage], and there were eight total, was covered head-to-toe in dark fabric such that you saw only their eyes.
It was an odd look, especially for Drowned Folk. Trey lingered as Telim looked around and ducked behind the Libertarian’s table. They all laughed at his antics as Mena turned to Eldavin.
“How do you mean, Grand Magus? Because she represents the Undersea fleets?”
“Because of her level, young woman. Are you blind?”
Eldavin picked up a chicken nugget and stared at it for a long moment before savagely biting into it. The others at his table stirred. Telim’s head poked up.
“You can see how strong she is?”
“Naturally. Oh, I suppose for young [Mages] you rely on, what, [Appraisal]? [Aura Reader]? But it takes more than that to suppress your nature. Let’s see. Her, that [Grand Mage] Garuda over there—I see a [Wardmistress] of Fissival—and maybe those two. Who are they?”
“Er—[High Mage] Teura of the Centrists and [Solar Mage] Vedufien.”
“Yes. Half-Elf and Centaur. Put all of them at the high table. And myself of course. And why at that end of the room? Put them in the center, here. And the hall around them.”
“But that’s not as dignified, Grand Magus, surely. People should approach the high-table.”
Seky protested. The half-Elf waved a finger at her.
“You’re speaking like a Drake, young woman. Everything has to go in order of superiority, does it? Why an arbitrary direction? The room revolves around you. This is Zelkyr’s style, claw marks all over it. Must we sit on decorum? Why, in times past there was even elevated seating!”
“You mean…bleachers?”
Eldavin gave the offending [Mage] such a long look the man turned red.
“I mean, floating tables. Separated levels—artificial light structures. Completely egregious, incidentally. That is what happens when rank takes too much precedence. Not that I am saying it shouldn’t factor in! But it was ridiculous.”
“Must have been a sight to see.”
One of the Drakes murmured. Eldavin’s brows rose.
“It was. It looked like—well, this.”
He snapped his fingers. Telim, head rising like a submarine’s periscope and swiveling to and fro, froze. Trey blinked. Then he stared.
Slowly, a shimmering table appeared over the heads of Eldavin’s group. Everyone around looked up and gasped as they saw lifelike people—[Mages] of old, wearing shimmering robes and made of light—eating, talking, and waving down at the people below. They sat on a kind of [Light Bridge], like Mena had seen, with a staircase leading down.
Then it was gone. Eldavin calmly took a sip of wine.
“That takes more magic than I remember it doing. But you see? Completely inefficient. Only useful if the banquet hall was filled.”
Everyone was staring. He looked around.
“What?”
“That was a magnificent illusion spell, sir.”
A voice broke the silence. It was Telim. The High Mage had approached the table. He’d brought a chair with him. He placed the stolen duck on the table.
“High Magus Telim. And you must be Grand Magus Eldavin. I’m a fan of the Illusion school myself, and I have to say—that was exceptionally crafted!”
“Well met, Magus Telim. And it was hardly exceptional. Just a few memorized replications. You understand how it is. Memory is far easier to replicate than anything else.”
Eldavin nodded calmly. Telim blinked at him.
