8.04 T
Page 4
He peered past Mena for the rest of the greeting party. But a Lizardman was taking the new students up and to the Academy and the rest hadn’t bestirred themselves.
He frowned. The young [Bard]’s smile desperately widened.
“I’m so sorry, Grand Magus. But we are having [Mages] arriving each hour and we are a bit—understaffed.”
She nudged Seky. The Drake nodded rapidly.
“Extremely. Too many boats, not enough [Mages]. Er—even Archmage Valeterisa had to wait to come into dock!”
That was true, if only by virtue of her not having announced herself. Teriarch read it as a mixed truth, but let it slide.
[Mages] were used to telling truths or not at all, since most learned [Detect Truth] or [Detect Lie] in their first year. Smart ones learned both.
“Even an Archmage? I see, I see. Wistram must be in the throes of chaos, then. Or maybe it’s improper management. At least they sent someone.”
He grumbled. Mena felt sweat running down her back. Oh no. This was a crotchety old [Mage], worse even than the old woman who made Mena walk her all the way into the academy and her old rooms! She had to turn up the charm offensive.
And as it happened—[Charm Smile], a good ear, and a willingness to accommodate went a long way. She made her smile vanish into one of apologetic dismay at once.
“I am so sorry, Grand Magus. I only knew you were arriving and I’m not in charge of the reception affairs. If you could pardon the lack of decorum—I am sorry again.”
“Well, I suppose it’s not your fault. These things happen.”
The half-Elf harrumphed, but he was already looking more mollified. Seky gave Mena a nudge and look of approval. Good job! Mena was happy herself; she was training as a [Bard], but that last bit had come from the plays they were putting on. She was a lead actress in one.
Flattery and respect. That was what Teriarch desired. He could tell the young woman wasn’t being entirely truthful, but he could well understand that she wasn’t in charge.
He might have a temper. The Dragon had to admit that. Millennia had passed and well, he was who he was. Not that he was a brash young Dragon who’d burn a city to ash for being snubbed. No, he was past that stage of life…
And he was Eldavin. Remember that. The Dragon scolded himself as he walked onto the docks. People were admiring the [Light Bridge]; he had copied the design from a quite nice one he’d once seen. But he reminded himself to tone down the overt magic.
He was not a Dragon here. Eldavin had limits. Actual, physical limits that Teriarch did not. The two legs aside, his mana pool was a lot weaker in the simulacra than a Dragon’s. Still considerable, but Teriarch couldn’t just cast Tier…damn. Those damn Tiers were going to be a pain.
And he had to be more accommodating. He was a [Grand Magus], but not one most people would be familiar with, hence the ruse. Be a bit more diplomatic, T—Eldavin, old chap. Obviously, Eldavin should have a proper respect for himself! But…
“Have you your old rooms for a prolonged stay, Grand Magus, or would you like us to take you to your faction’s headquarters?”
“My rooms were not assigned to me?”
“Er—I don’t—well, I don’t know if anyone recalls your rooms, Grand Magus. I’m terribly sorry…”
The half-Elf lifted a hand.
“Ah, it has been at least a century since I last visited, hasn’t it?”
Longer still. The two young [Mages] gaped at him and the half-Elf amended his words.
“…Visited more than a week, that is. I suppose I’ll rediscover if my rooms are extant. As for faction? None.”
“O-oh? Well, then, Wistram must have changed…a century?”
