8.05 I
Page 3
“May I ask how long this treatment lasts?”
“Months. Less.”
Shriekblade looked past him, uncomfortable for once. Ilvriss nodded. Something the Healer could do fixed Shriekblade, but not permanently.
Well, it was not his business so he rode in silence, letting himself think of his collapse. An embarrassment. Shriekblade was content with the silence. He was paying her fees.
If Ilvriss had one talent in this world, it was not his acumen with a blade. Shriekblade could be said to have a ‘talent with the blade’, and if she was talented, everyone else was a clod playing with magical sticks.
Similarly, Ilvriss was not a strategic genius, an inspiring [General], nor political master, which all ran together sometimes. He could do all of these things, but it wasn’t where he stood out above all others.
If he had one talent, it was making money. His power was the ability to fork over more gold than you could make in a lifetime. And to be fair, that was a pretty great power.
Except if you were fighting the Necromancer of Izril in secret. Except if you remembered that gold, money, is an indirect way of applying influence. Power is the knife in your claws.
In that sense, Shriekblade was entirely more powerful than Ilvriss. Take away her armor and gear, and she was still deadly. He couldn’t even carry all his gold around, not even with the best bags of holding.
It had never really bothered him before. Money paid for lessons, armies, bodyguards, artifacts! However, he was keenly aware of it now, where every passing person might be the Necromancer’s agents.
Where…he closed his eyes and his head rested against the back of the carriage. He was tired. He hadn’t realized it until he’d passed out.
It wasn’t as if the world had imploded. It had already done that. It was just…he’d forgotten, that was all.
He had met Zel Shivertail, hated the Drake, thought all the rumors about him were true. A disgrace of a former war hero. Then he had learned to respect both the Tidebreaker’s personal battle prowess and him as a person.
Then he had died. And like him—Ilvriss had made the same mistake twice.
He had thought, believed in the myth of Erin Solstice. And there was something to believe. But neither she nor Zel were immortal.
They died. Good people he counted on died, and it felt like Ilvriss’ personal tower, like the many rising, vast skyscrapers of the mountain-city, the Walled City of Salazsar—it felt like each time they died, another support was lost.
Zel Shivertail.
Erin Solstice.
Periss Veldant.
 
—-
 
Wall Lady Navine Gemscale, younger sister of Ilvriss, found herself in rare company as she paced in the Gemscale family residence at the top of their tower.
That was to say, she stood with both Zail and Helessia, her father and mother, present. They rarely met.
Both were old. And both were—assisted. Although it was interesting to see in which way they chose to rely on help.
Zail had hired help, loyal Gemscale Drakes who helped him when he was lost, guarded him—until he escaped them. Also, artifacts.
He stood tall, but wounds and age had worn at him. There was a huge scar on his chest that his clothes only partly hid. On his head, more noticeable, an indentation practically devoid of scales. A place where he had been struck in battle that had never quite healed.
Helessia on the other hand was physically unmarked—save by sickness that kept her bedridden. Her bed actually floated, and it had been escorted here. Similarly, she had her own attendants, mostly who helped administer medicines.
