8.05 I
Page 17
Then she went to dress up.
 
—-
 
Ilvriss was a bit irked. Ilvriss was a bit narked. Ilvriss was a bit upset, but he tried to explain why to Brilm and Tasilt.
“Brilm. This is not the cure for my overwork of late. This will not make me feel…better.”
He was angry. Mostly at Tasilt, even though Brilm had instigated the idea. Tasilt should have known better than to suggest something so…asinine.
However, it was Brilm who countered Ilvriss.
“Have you checked?”
“What?”
“Have you checked if it helps, Ilvriss? Be honest. Have you visited such a fine establishment—or found yourself in company once in the last month?”
“That is entirely—”
“I think, Ilvriss, that it is.”
Tasilt spoke up. He was having a drink, since he would not avail himself of this place’s services. Ilvriss gave him a long look.
“You must be joking, Tasilt.”
“Everyone has needs, Ilvriss. It may be indecorous, but Brilm brought up a fair point. Sometimes you just need…something. And since my plan of dragging you to a bar and getting into a fight didn’t fly, Brilm wins.”
The other Wall Lord shook his head.
“I will not be getting my groin kicked or be stomped on—although I hear you can pay for that here.”
Ilvriss closed his eyes. He did not need to hear that. He looked around.
“And you really want me to…?”
“Well, we’re not going to watch so it’s up to you, Ilvriss. But loneliness is a terrible thing. At least you can pay for company after…”
Tasilt stomped on Brilm’s foot. Ilvriss’ head swiveled around and the Wall Lord coughed and headed off.
“That was rude, even for Brilm. Sorry, Ilvriss. He doesn’t know how to deal with this.”
“And this was your best foot forwards, Tasilt?”
Ilvriss glowered at his friend. Tasilt exhaled.
“I suggest you avail yourself of this place. Or drink one of those Orgasm Potions I heard were banned in Pallass.”
“Why? In the name of the Ancestors, what has gotten into you, Tasilt?”
Ilvriss demanded hotly, enough that some of the other inconspicuous guests in their own partitioned space—some with disguises on—looked around. Tasilt just met his gaze levelly.
“Because it does help, Ilvriss. I can go home and hold my wife after a tragedy. Sometimes you just need—distraction. Brilm’s right when he’s right.”
He was that. It was impossible to say ‘Brilm was always wrong’ because right when he told you about the most idiotic investment opportunity, something happened and he made up all his other losses and came out way ahead. Ilvriss hesitated.
And he was never going to get out that door anyways. The employees of The Drake’s Pearl knew money when they saw it. Also? Getting Ilvriss in, even if he denied everything, was a lot of…street cred? Reputation? Something like that.
“Wall Lord, please at least let us show you around. We have a very fine selection of talented people here. Your friend Brilm has paid for everything and we cannot just refund the fee…”
It was probably a Skill like, ‘[No Pulling Out]’, which might have double entendre uses, especially here. Ilvriss felt like he was a young Drake on an outing with his friends again, daring themselves in here.
Periss…
It was wrong to come here, even if Tasilt and Brilm thought it was about the Human in Liscor he was missing.
However, Ilvriss had to admit—he did laugh for the first time in a while upon entering the ‘selection room’, where you could meet and socialize with the women currently working, or inspect, well, a catalogue of people and arrange other visits, sometimes privately.
