8.05 I
Page 45
He’d even seen Sellme’s tail color. But the reason Sellme had been found was really Ilvriss knowing how the elusive [Painter] did their work. Shriekblade had gone hunting for streets where Skills were keeping people away and found the [Painter] doing one of their pieces—another lampoon against Rellmel’s ongoing treatment of [Miners].
“That way!”
The Drake’s head turned. The fearsome Named Adventurer had slowed in the crowd, but more bodies were charging after them. An azure Drake with clearly-dyed scales to the [Painter]’s eyes was leading dozens of Drakes in Gemscale family colors.
“Erchirite Spears! On the business of a Wall Lord of Salazsar! Clear a path!”
A voice bellowed. The [Painter] sprinted left—then tried to slow, turn around. They yanked their hood down. In the crowd, they’d be lost. Drakes and Gnolls looked around, irritated or confused. But the [Painter] smiled, shook their heads. Blended in.
They’d lost some of the good paints! Damn…but they had to run. This city was too hot. They just needed to slip the—
Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar strode down the street with a hundred of the Erchirite Spears. People stared at the display of force as the group blocked one end of the street. The [Painter] froze.
“I am Wall Lord Ilvriss! Please remain calm—we are looking for an individual hiding among you! Captain Shieldscale, the [Appraisal] Skills. Shriekblade—”
“There, there, there, there! Those four can’t be read.”
The [Painter]’s blood ran cold. The Named Adventurer was looking at them, materializing on a balcony. They had used the anti-Appraisal ring against them!
“It’s that one! The painter! With the white scales!”
She pointed at them.
Sellme ran.
 
—-
 
People’s heads turned as Ilvriss and half of Gemscale’s family guard and his hired forces thundered after the [Painter], blockading the street. He saw a white, scaled face, a Drake—with colored scales, yellow and green speckled in. Unusual pattern.
“The painter? Sellme? They’re going after—”
The crowd reacted to Shriekblade’s loud voice. They turned, saw the fleeing figure, and came to the obvious conclusion.
“They’re silencing Sellme! Stop them! That’s Shriekblade!”
They began pushing at the Erchirite Spears and Gemscale [Guards]. Ilvriss cursed.
“We are not arresting that [Painter]! I just want to—Shriekblade, apprehend, do not harm!”
“But that’s not what I’m good at—”
“Go!”
She leapt after the Drake. Ilvriss saw Osthia slowed by the crowd, who turned their wrath on the Drakes.
“No violence! I’m going after them! [Haste]!”
He twisted a ring and blurred past the people.
Oh yes. A Wall Lord had resources. He cursed Shriekblade’s methods, though. He’d told her to identify the Drake, not grab! But she’d wanted a bigger bonus so she’d tried to get Sellme before Osthia and Ilvriss arrived.
She’d misunderstood what he wanted to do. But the fact that Sellme had actually evaded the Named Adventurer, even if she wasn’t allowed to harm, was impressive.
In truth, the reason Ilvriss had wanted Sellme had more to do with wanting to know what they could do rather than what he had an idea for. Unlike Xesci, they were an unknown quantity.
But they were high-level. And there was always a use for…
Ilvriss caught up to Shriekblade, who’d cornered Sellme against an alleyway.
“Stay back! I’m a citizen of the Walled Cities! You’re not allowed to kill me!”
A surprisingly young voice shouted. Male. Ilvriss saw a frightened Drake as Shriekblade advanced, tensed.
“I’m not going to kill you. I’m not allowed to. But I will break your legs if you do that again! You got paint in my eyes!”
