8.05 I
Page 18
The Drake’s Pearl had private rooms, rooms for all kinds of things, like ‘rescuing’ a damsel from a monster—actual monsters like slimes cost extra since you got to kill them—themed rooms, even full suites complete with hot baths and so on.
It was, after all, the best such establishment in Salazsar. But that didn’t make Ilvriss laugh. What made him laugh, involuntarily, was the hall of fame on the wall.
There were actual pictures of guests who’d agreed to have their faces up—or just names or aliases. Brilm was there. But what made Ilvriss laugh was the ‘longest period of consummation award’.
Four hours, eight minutes, fifty one seconds.
“Ancestors.”
“That poor woman.”
Tasilt sighed. Ilvriss stifled his laughter, staring at the picture. It was, apparently, a record held by ‘Mister Superior’, a Drake of unknown origin. Date listed.
“Who was the other half of the event?”
The female Drake trying to show them to the women turned.
“Excuse me, Wall Lord?”
Ilvriss pointed to the hall of fame record.
“The other partner. It takes two.”
“Oh—I’m not sure.”
Tasilt shook his head.
“Someone give her a plaque. Unless it was only ‘Mister Superior’ by himself. Wait a second. If that’s how you break the record, I’ll do it myself and go for twenty hours! For the record, of course. You can even have my name and face up.”
Ilvriss snorted. Brilm, who was already flirting, gave them both a resigned look. But then Ilvriss sobered. And felt…apprehension.
 
—-
 
Xesci was not out with the others. She had declined to line up, as the others were surely doing. But she was listening from the back room. It was very quiet. She’d smiled herself as Ilvriss pointed out the plaque. But now…
It was a bad idea. That was her opinion. But it was how [Soldiers] did it. Someone lost a friend? They tossed them in here and perhaps it did help. She had held more than one adventurer or warrior afterwards.
Still.
“I—I am flattered by the attention. But I really don’t feel interested—nor is your company helping, frankly, Brilm, Tasilt.”
“Oh, fine. And I understand that part. Tasilt?”
“I’m going to break the record, Brilm. By myself. Is there any way you can confirm it’s just me on the plaque? So my wife doesn’t kill me.”
They left Ilvriss alone. And now the Wall Lord was a…small fish around big fish.
Xesci didn’t know fish.
She heard murmurs. Flirtatious voices—or however the ‘ladies of the night’ were scouting out Ilvriss. They’d be tossing charm Skills and other similar abilities out, but Xesci wondered if Ilvriss might be a hard opponent.
He was a strong [Lord] and his aura could probably take most of what they could use on him. Unless he was willing. She listened.
“Are you interested in something more…wild, Wall Lord?”
That was Aranna, straight to the point. Ilvriss backed up.
“Fancy a night, sir?”
Shakra. Xesci was curious, but Ilvriss replied distinctly.
“No—thank you, Miss. But no. Not Humans. No one, preferably, but—I apologize.”
That surprised and disappointed the people. Xesci just nodded.
Who thought he wanted to see a Human face right now?
“You. If you want me, I will have you crawl on hands and knees, yes. No?”
…And that established what Ilvriss was not interested in. Xesci listened as he practically jumped across the room. He kept turning down people, and she knew he was using his aura. She felt it in the air—command, pure and simple. It meant no one would be seducing him past his senses.
