8.05 I
Page 38
Rellmel looked around the tall restaurant in one of the highest points of the towers. He patted at his mouth then fetched a toothpick.
“And she’s not in the mood. All the slander about us…do you have any idea who this ‘Sellme’ is? We can’t even get it taken down. We’re putting a bounty out—they’ve gone too far.”
Ilvriss wondered if the [Painter] would be alright. They had a decent Skill that had kept everyone but him away. He sighed.
“Thank you, then, Rellmel. Are you sure? One million. By the end of the week. In your vaults.”
The Drake gulped. He stayed there a long time as Ilvriss leaned on the table. Then he shook his head.
“Ancestors, but no. I’m sorry, Ilvriss. You know, we should go drinking. You have to tell about Liscor. Should I buy some land there? I hear…?”
But Ilvriss was gone.
 
—-
 
He nearly forgot his appointment with Shriekblade in the evening. Ilvriss had some personal [Messages] that had been screened by Alrric or someone in the company; everyone wanted to talk to a Wall Lord, obviously, and few people did.
‘Wasn’t sure. –Alrric.’
An appended note to one of the notes. Ilvriss walked into the Gemscale residence and his part of it, looking around.
“Shriekblade?”
He talked to the Gnoll with black fur and a white spot on her shoulder blade. The [Head of Household] grinned at him.
“No, Wall Lord. Were you expecting her?”
Ilvriss jerked his eyes away from the white patch of fur.
“Not at all, Miss Yern. Er—that is—I suppose she declined to come.”
He sighed. Temperamental adventurers. He was rethinking his contract with her. After all—he wasn’t moving on any huge engagement yet. Finding Az’kerash’s minions was harder than it seemed. Maybe he’d terminate it at the end of the month.
Ilvriss was sorting through the [Messages]. Some were interesting.
‘Regarding your search—representative of Wall Lord Dragial of Fissival?’ Interesting. ‘Regretfully decline…’
He was reaching for the one Alrric hadn’t been sure about when he entered his personal chambers. He swung the door closed, glanced up—and dropped the letter.
Shriekblade was in his bedroom. The adventurer had slipped in undetected, worrying, but she did have the keystone that passed her through his security enchantments.
…That was about all she was wearing. She was naked.
“Adventurer Shriekblade reporting, Wall Lord. What would you like me to do?”
Her voice had regained some of the flatness of how she was when she was using mind-altering substances. Halfway between her true personality and this. Ilvriss stared at her.
“What are you doing?”
“Reporting.”
She looked at him, with a half-clouded look of annoyance. She gestured at the bed.
“Shall we?”
“What d—no. That is not why I invited you here!”
She blinked at him.
“You told me to come here this night. You’re telling me you had other plans?”
He swung around.
“Yes. I wanted you to show me your swordsmanship—what is wrong with you? Put on your clothes, now!”
The Drake heard silence from behind him. Then a shuffling sound. He didn’t look around. After a moment’s hesitation, he strode to the door, opened it, and stormed out.
“Wall Lord?”
“Shriekblade is present. Get me—a drink. Something stiff.”
“With alcohol?”
“Yes.”
He’d told the staff not to give him anything. But Ilvriss—he found himself sitting as a cup of Firebreath Whiskey was handed to him. He stared at the liquid in the glass, tilted his head up—
Paused.
He was feeling the same as when he’d collapsed in the mines. A sense of…of frustration. Everything not turning out how it had to. That idiotic adventurer. If people had begun to gossip, his reputation—
