8.05 I
Page 29
That was when she lost her temper. She struck from above, then, as his sword was parrying and riposting towards her face, kicked him in the stomach.
He didn’t expect that. And then Shriekblade hit him—one handed. Ilvriss stopped her, but it was too late.
“Arm’s broken. Maybe the wrist, too.”
The [Healer] pronounced the injury as Zelir was lifted to a clinic. Merla’s. He was lying there. Possibly from the vicious blows that had broken said arm—possibly just from shame.
“Please treat him. I will check on him as soon as possible. I have to deal with…”
Shriekblade was standing on the edge of the training grounds. She looked over her shoulder and then sullenly turned to face him as he stalked over.
“Master Zelir’s healing costs will come out of your wages, Adventurer.”
“What? He challenged me.”
“You were taunting him. And you could have beaten him without breaking his arm. Let alone dueling him. You will not do so again, is that clear?”
The Wall Lord snapped. Shriekblade glowered. Then she looked at the sky, past his head.
“Fine. I hate everything. I’m sorry.”
She rolled her eyes. Ilvriss resisted the urge to say or do something—mainly because she was a Named Adventurer. But this? He was going to insist that she medicate herself from now on.
To calm himself, he took a few steps away and stood at the end of the training grounds. You could look almost entirely straight down, until the tower widened and you saw more expansions below. A pool of water, in this case.
The enchantments, as noted, saved people from falling. Every tower had them—but there were always accidents. Drakes falling and bouncing off the tower and…well, you either learned how to deal with, enjoy heights, or you didn’t live in Salazsar. Ilvriss stared down at his city below. So far down. The people like small insects, millions moving around, going about their lives, doing good work. A city he was proud of, that was his home. That he loved and would defend…
“Jump. Kill yourself.”
Someone whispered behind him. Ilvriss did not jump. He slowly turned his head.
“Adventurer. What did you just say to me?”
Shriekblade looked around, blankly. And he realized—she hadn’t been talking to him. The Wall Lord’s imminent wrath hesitated.
“Hm? Oh. Don’t you feel like jumping?”
He stared at her. Then down below.
“No. What are you thinking of? You mean the enchantments?”
“No. I forgot this place has them. And there’s a pool so you wouldn’t die. Here’s probably better. You jump from here and—bam. You’re dead.”
She walked around to the side. Ilvriss stared at her back. She tilted her head down.
“Don’t you feel like it, when you stand up here?”
“No.”
The young adventuress turned to him.
“You don’t hear a voice in your head telling you to do that?”
“No. You…hear a voice?”
She shrugged.
“It’s just me. Merla says it’s my problem. You really don’t ever hear it? A little voice saying—‘kill yourself’? All the time?”
Ilvriss stared down over the edge of the training grounds. Well, now he did. He looked at her.
“I do not. Is this why y—”
“Well, I guess it’s just me, then. Sorry I broke your Master’s arm. Sorry I’m here.”
She stalked away from him, quickly. Scowling. Fumbling for something she began chewing hard. Ilvriss looked at her back. He came to two quick decisions.
“Adventurer.”
She stopped and turned to face him, sullenly.
“Yes, sir?”
“You will report to Captain Shieldscale and she will deploy you to the mining tunnels to perform monster-slaying duties. If there are none in the Gemscale operations, you will assist other companies.”
It was unorthodox, but Shriekblade brightened up.
