8.05 I
Page 31
She glowered at him. Ilvriss opened his mouth—and then decided not to engage. He could have said that even Navine’s ‘equitable’ company still had her at the top and that she was supporting this artist until they went after her, but he did not.
Family.
 
—-
 
“It’s Wall Lord Rellmel, Ilvriss. What?”
Alrric glanced at Ilvriss. The Drake rubbed at his head.
“That’s the second time I’ve heard his name come up today.”
“Ah. The Sellme painting.”
“Does everyone know about it but me?”
Alrric smiled slightly.
“It’s already made that apartment go up nearly a thousand percent in value. People will want to live there—if someone doesn’t steal the wall.”
“Steal the wall. I saw it last night. It was forty feet high, Alrric.”
“Really? You must have seen it as it was made, then! Did you see Sellme? No, of course you didn’t…”
The [Administrator] looked up. He went on as Ilvriss looked over the reports. Their mining seam was turning up more adamantine and people wanted it bad. Pelt of…Esthelm? Ah, yes. Terandria, Chandrar—
He hesitated, and then authorized a sale to Esthelm. He could have held onto it, but the Dwarf wanted less than other nations. Alrric frowned over it, but didn’t comment. It was still money in the vaults.
“They steal the wall if they can. An entire wall was knocked down and stolen overnight when Sellme did a picture for a neighborhood. Tragic. But they’re amazingly popular. There are replicas—everyone loves them.”
“And they just appeared last year?”
“Oh, no. You don’t get a reputation like that overnight. But I think they came to Salazsar recently. They lampooned their way from Fissival and city-to-city until they got here.”
Ilvriss looked up.
“They were in Fissival?”
“That’s where it first started. Making fun of the Scholarium’s magic-bias. I think it got too dangerous for them, so they headed off. Speaking of Fissival…no, wait. I was doing my check for artifacts you could snap up, and I thought I had something…wait. I do have a note on a high-level individual who I can add to your lists.”
“Never mind that now, Alrric. But I do need to consult you on some other matters. Tell me why you brought up Rellmel and we’ll get to that.”
Ilvriss was thinking of Xesci. Poor Zelir was out of the picture, now. Alrric nodded.
“Sorry. Slipped my mind. Rellmel owns the Potion of Regeneration. But he’s not selling.”
The Wall Lord sat back.
“Ah.”
And here it was again. One of his ghosts…wasn’t dead. Maybe. There was a chance.
“Did you ask him what he might consider…?”
“I went from four hundred thousand gold pieces, Ilvriss, and went up. I went to one million and the Emera family’s representative didn’t even blink. They’re not selling.”
Ilvriss exhaled. A million gold was…but he slowly nodded.
“We hang on to artifacts like that.”
“Especially if you lose a leg in an accident or…I’m sorry, Ilvriss. I can try, but it’s not in my purview. It might not be impossible, though. Nerul is back. And he has success to report.”
Ilvriss glanced up.
“He is? Excellent. How did he do?”
Alrric smiled.
“Wall Lord, please. You’ll hurt his feelings. We have a contract.”
The Drake had been on the hunt for individuals who could help him. And even his family had trouble recruiting, finding them. But they did have one, if you didn’t count Navine, Helessia, Zail, Ilvriss, or Alrric.
A shame he wasn’t a [Warrior], or he might have given Shriekblade a real opponent. But Nerul was no combat Drake.
He was a [Diplomat].
 
—-
 
