8.05 I
Page 35
He sat back, eying Ilvriss. Normally Ilvriss wouldn’t have even joined the meal. Now, the Wall Lord sat back.
“Tell me. I’ve never appreciated the other truces you’ve hammered out.”
Nerul’s eyes bounced again. He did that—he appraised people fast. He patted at his mouth with a napkin.
“Well, we have peace. Trade. But more importantly, if you were to walk into one of the cities of the Trisstral Alliance and, say, order something from a shop? Instead of reaching for a knife to stab you, the [Shopkeeper] will give you the time of day. I have made friends with each city’s High Command. And the people are more kindly disposed. There will not be ambushes on our people. They will not raid us, or instantly go to war if, say, we should become rivals with Fissival and the lines are drawn. I have changed the mood of the city, where they were ready to kill every person in Salazsar for the war and General Shivertail’s death, as they saw it.”
Ilvriss nodded. That was the power of the top [Diplomat] that Salazsar could field.
“Your Skill, wasn’t it?”
Nerul tapped a ring on his finger with a practiced air. In the silent bubble, he leaned over.
“[A Gradual Change of Disposition]. My capstone Skill. City-wide. If I had to, I’d stay a year. But peace is all we need. Be grateful it was three months.”
Ilvriss nodded. The bubble burst.
“Does it last?”
“Does anything last?”
His uncle returned. He drummed his claws on the table.
“It doesn’t work on all. It’s about practicing what you preach, nephew. I went around and talked with the widows. I apologized. I flung myself on the mercy of the people—and sometimes smacked the ground. At least they laughed at that.”
The Wall Lord nodded.
“And if I had won?”
Nerul lowered the cup. He looked at Ilvriss and then drank.
“I would have marched through their gates with two dozen of the Rubirel Guard and given their alliance a week to surrender with thunder and fury. There is a time for action, a time to build ties. I can do both. Why? Are you starting another unnecessary war? We’re running out of war heroes, you know.”
That was why Ilvriss had disliked him. Nerul was not a [Diplomat] among his family.
“Not at all, uncle. I just came to thank you—and speak to you about levels.”
The Drake lowered his cup.
“Intriguing. What happened to you when you fought Zel Shivertail? No—don’t answer that. What happened afterwards?”
Ilvriss bit his tongue. He evaded the question, but Nerul was happy to discuss levels. He sighed.
“Ah, Ilvriss. A [Courtesan]—and Sellme made another painting? Are you surprised?”
“Honestly, yes.”
“Why? Look around, Ilvriss. The highest-leveled Drakes in our society are all oddballs. Me included.”
“That’s not a hard and fast rule. Our High Command—”
“War is the exception. Battle is adversity. I’m talking outside of that. Listen.”
Nerul waved a claw.
“Saliss of Lights. Naked. Nice as you like, but mad as a loon. Salii the Secretary, learning how to punch holes through rocks in Chandrar. Zel Shivertail—a hero of the Antinium Wars—and a public pariah until he became a universally loved hero in death. Sellme, someone who paints pictures of dissent. Your [Courtesan], who isn’t fit for polite society.”
He waved a claw around the restaurant.
“Yes, we have high-level military leaders. So what? War and battle are adversity unto themselves and are exceptions to this phenomenon, which people use in bad-faith arguments to go against the truth. Look around, Ilvriss. There’s a Human saying about how the highest nail gets hammered down first. Well—in our culture, Drakes swing the hammer twice as hard and twice as fast.”
