8.05 I
Page 21
“Oh yes. You thought your friend was lying, didn’t you?”
“Brilm? He actually talks here?”
She smiled at him and he felt rather foolish.
“Of course we talk. All the time. You must have last come here as a young man. They—do not tend to talk. Most gulp stamina potions and ask me questions about how they’re doing sometimes.”
Ilvriss shifted uncomfortably. This was not a subject of conversation one brought up in polite society. Ever. But this place was one of those areas not technically…Drake. It existed and they let it exist because it was better to have it than make it a crime, but they did not talk about it.
Xesci looked at him as if reading his mind.
“I apologize. I forget this isn’t comfortable talk.”
“It—is perfectly fine with me. So, Brilm comes here? He has his face on the wall.”
“Yes. He’s quite well-liked, you know. He’s generous, doesn’t act…out of turn. And he does talk with his favorite women. Shakra—I think she, no it was Aranna, actually—she told him about the Singer of Terandria, you know.”
“What? You mean those song-crystals he made a fortune on—”
“He’s good at listening too.”
Ilvriss’ opinion of The Drake’s Pearl did not change markedly. But despite himself, twenty minutes later, he found himself asking questions like someone just discovering an entirely new culture or field of work.
Which is what Xesci’s life was, really. He had never thought to ask.
“It’s fine work. If there’s protection. Other cities have none and it creates…danger. Far better to have rules and guards and so on.”
“Other cities don’t do that?”
She sighed.
“Human cities. Zeres banned it for nearly a decade when the Serpentine Matriarch, in her great wisdom, objected to it. One of the Admirals got her to reverse it, which was good. It was criminals and [Sailors] fighting and…”
“You were there, personally?”
She looked surprised.
“Zeres? Only for a year. Then I left. I’ve been to Pallass, Zeres—Salazsar is the best for me. I came from the north.”
“What, really?”
“Drakes live there. I was born in the north. I learned my trade from Human women. In safety, actually. I left to find my people, but this is my job. Maybe I’ll go north after earning enough.”
“Safety?”
She smiled.
“Do you know the Gangs, Wall Lord? I was a part of the Sisters of Chell’s business. They’re an all-female gang that protects my sort of person. In exchange for fees, of course.”
“Really. But there must be danger with a criminal underworld…”
Xesci sighed.
“There is. And they can be…nearly as bad as any other gang. But if you’re honest with them, it’s almost always fine. You know they’re [Nightstalkers] and such? A kind of [Rogue] mixed with [Temptress]. Many of them were in my profession, but learned to defend themselves after being attacked. Or they were recruited. They know what it’s like and they respect you, which is rare.”
He had no idea. Before he knew it, he was chatting about Izrilian gangs, and how many places Xesci had been. They were talking about Pallass, and Zeres, both places which he’d visited—and the vastly different experiences of each when Xesci glanced up.
“Oh no. It’s been forty minutes already.”
“So?”
“So, your friends are going to get the wrong idea. Unless that’s fine? I don’t want to take up your time, Wall Lord.”
She looked at him. Ilvriss hesitated.
“I’m quite relaxed. Although—is this normally how it goes?”
He gestured awkwardly around. She smiled.
