8.05 I
Page 44
“What could I possibly offer…is this an exceptionally personal matter, Wall Lord?”
She’d heard of contracts like this. She wasn’t opposed, but Ilvriss denied it again.
“I am not asking you to…bed me. I won’t rule it out, but I don’t think it’s necessary. And it will never be me. I am not willing to go into details. Only that I would like to know if you would accept the request.”
“Wall Lord, I’m working in the best brothel in all of Salazsar. I don’t know how much you think I earn, but—”
“Four hundred thousand gold pieces for one year.”
She nearly fell out of bed. Er…she slowly looked at him.
“You are serious.”
“Yes I am. One year. A formal, magical contract.”
Wall Lord Ilvriss waited as she thought, blinking. This…was a lot, even for him. He couldn’t just throw money around.
No, wait. Yes he could.
Ilvriss had one power, and it was making money. But it wasn’t a power unless you used it, and the Wall Lord was dumping gold like it was going out of style. He could afford this.
“I have to know what it’s about.”
“Then I will meet you at this location in the Gemscale Spire…tomorrow. I may be busy today, Miss Xesci. Here is the exact floor…please come alone. You are obviously assured of your safety, but I can swear on a truth stone now if you would like. However, this is a confidential affair for my family and I, and I cannot risk speaking of it here.”
She nodded. He could only imagine what intrigues she was thinking of—but the sum persuaded her.
“I may refuse, Wall Lord?”
“Of course.”
But he hoped she would not. And he felt as though the truth was…enough. Ilvriss stood up, and walked out of the room. Xesci stared after his back.
What did he need her for? To seduce some Human [Lord]? Uncover an infidelity plot in the Walled Families?
What she didn’t realize was that it wasn’t just her.
 
—-
 
Ilvriss wanted talent. Talent was hard to get. But there were individuals in this city who exceeded all the others.
The best. Literally. Not ‘second-best’, but indisputable masters. And there was one in every city.
Saliss of Lights, for instance, a name people knew in a city of millions.
But there was the thing. Even if you knew them, even if they were your friends, it was hard to get them to do something for you. You would either have to be a charismatic, charming [Innkeeper] with the ability to create miracles and who befriended such people to help her as the need arose…
Or you were a Wall Lord of Salazsar who would drown you in gold pieces. Someone with the kind of power and willingness to expend parts of what he’d hoarded for his entire life in one moment.
The famous artist known as ‘Sellme’ ran through the streets of Salazsar, pushing past people. Disaster!
They were running for the gates. One of the walls to the city. Anywhere. Their tenure in Salazsar was done. They’d made a name for themselves and had finally begun really stabbing the Walled Families where it hurt—their ego and flaws.
However, the City of Gems had gone on the offensive too fast. Way too fast. And it was a bit of bad luck, but really, it was also the fact that a Named Adventurer had been deployed to end Sellme.
Shriekblade the killer. She was after Sellme, and not only did she have the advantage of all her contacts in the city, Ilvriss had given her a useful piece of advice.
You’re looking for a Drake.
