8.05 I
Page 41
He was already halfway down the stairs and storming for the door. The [Message] was in his claws. It was a simple one. A request for aid, like many sent to him. But this one had not been sent to Ilvriss. It was one of the [Messages] Alrric had dutifully copied that were sent to the city of Liscor. Public notices.
 
—-
 
This one was from the Horns of Hammerad. Ilvriss was in his office as a blinking Alrric found he’d been beaten to work.
“Wall Lord?”
“The Village of the Dead. What do you know about it, Alrric?”
The [Administrator] had to look it up over tea. He had all kinds of encyclopedias and almanacs. It was Shriekblade who answered, visible, and uncharacteristically talkative.
“Designation—Named-rank threat. Death zone. Uncleared. Passive. Undead-type threat.”
“Those are adventurer terms. Explain it.”
Ilvriss snapped. Shriekblade shrugged.
“It means only a Named-rank Adventurer should even go near it. Death zone means that it’s a place where you die if you go. Like…Rhir. And uncleared means no one’s found out what lies inside. Passive means it isn’t expanding. Like Creler nests. Undead-type means…”
“I have it, Wall Lord. A Human village to the north. A known threat. It appeared, well, thousands of years ago and has never been erased or destroyed.”
“That’s not like the Humans.”
Alrric nodded. He wondered—no, it had to be the [Message] he’d copied over. But he didn’t see why Ilvriss was galvanized. The pieces were there. He tried to recall it. It was a bit lengthy, but the key parts might have been…
 
…may have something that can be traded or help her. We, the Horns of Hammerad, intend to assault the Village of Death in two week’s time. We are calling in every team associated with The Wandering Inn to join us if possible. To any adventurer, we are offering full shares after a first pick of any item and compensation at market value if not. We know it’s dangerous. Come anyways, for the [Innkeeper] of Liscor.
 
“There have been attempts. The Five Families sent armies into the Village of Death.”
“And?”
The Wall Lord looked up. Alrric frowned at the book, closed it abruptly. He shook his head.
“The Village grew. The armies retreated after being overwhelmed by the undead, who seemed to regenerate even from near-complete destruction, or pushed into the village and were lost to observers. With more bodies…lost, the village’s radius expanded. The area was attempted by Named-rank adventurers. Two. One a team, one a solo member. The team fell back. The solo adventurer was presumed lost. The area was declared a death zone.”
“And a Gold-rank team is going in there? Crazy. Sounds like fun. If they paid me, I’d go. How much are they offering?”
Ilvriss showed Shriekblade the [Message]. The Drake glanced at the missive, looking for a number.
“Compensation? For that? Pass.”
“What would it take for you to join in the fighting?”
Alrric and Shriekblade did a double-take.
“Me?”
The Named Adventurer thought. Then she smiled.
“I’ll fight until they retreat for two hundred.”
“Two hundred gold?”
“Thousand.”
Alrric choked on his morning tea. Ilvriss frowned.
“That’s exorbitant, even for you, Shriekblade.”
“It’s a death zone.”
She shrugged. But she looked excited at the idea. Ilvriss drummed his claws on the table.
“The problem is the destination. If you could get to Liscor, you can jump to Invrisil. But this is…Ancestors damn it. Three days old. You’d barely make it to Pallass, let alone Invrisil. I’d have to clear you for Pegasus-flight direct if Oteslia even acknowledges it.”
“I’m banned.”
The Wall Lord closed his eyes.
