8.05 I
Page 30
“Yay. Alright. What else?”
He met her gaze.
“Report to my quarters tonight. We have more to discuss, then.”
Her face…flickered. Fell. She looked at him, then nodded and turned.
“Fine.”
 
—-
 
The Shriekblade incident aside, today, Ilvriss was fully-prepared to deal with conversations about his collapse and the brothel incident. He assumed it was the talk of the city.
He was wrong. He had a brunch with his mother and Navine. Uncomfortable, but they tried to at least be civil.
“We’ll be going to Oteslia. I’m almost sad I don’t get to see all of the drama here.”
“Around me? Navine, I’m sure it will all blow over soon. And nothing happened. It was a misunderstanding…”
Helessia and Navine blinked at him.
“What are you talking about, Ilvriss? You? You mean you collapsing? No one’s talking about that today. We might have—but everyone’s talking about—haven’t you heard? Sellme did another painting!”
“Sell me?”
The two Drakes exchanged a look. Navine shook her head.
“No—Sellme. The street artist? She did a painting last night of the Emera family. You know? That stuck up Rellmel and his awful sister, Gisha? You do know who Sellme is, don’t you? Wait. Ancestors. You’ve been gone on that campaign against Zel Shivertail and you were in Liscor…mother, he doesn’t know!”
Ilvriss blinked. It seemed even Helessia knew, from the way the two Drakes exchanged excited looks.
“Who—or what is this Sellme? I know about the Emera family’s company, of course…”
They weren’t doing so well as Gemscale, but they’d hit a profitable seam, or so Alrric said. Rellmel had never been Ilvriss’ friend, although they were around the same age. And Navine had a terrible opinion of Gisha, who, Ilvriss understood, was the one who really called the shots, despite Rellmel being the head of the company.
As usual however, his take was not Navine’s. She glared at him, her tail curling up under the table.
“That’s just the—business of it, Ilvriss. You don’t think about the people. You do know that the Emera company is firing all the [Miners] they had for the last six years and replacing them with new hires, each?”
“Why would they do that? They’ll lose all their experienced workers.”
Ilvriss blinked. Navine rolled her eyes.
“Because the mining teams had an agreement that if they struck a payload, they’d get a share of the total profits. The Emera corporation agreed since they thought all they had was silver and a few minor gemstones in that shaft. But when they hit magical stones…”
It all came together. The mining dispute was one of the classic fights between a company and the workers. And in this case, the Emera corporation had terminated all their workers in this shaft rather than honor the agreement. They had managed to use a loophole in their contract and it was a bad look.
However, no one could really stop them. And that was where Sellme had come in with the painting on the wall.
“They want to take it down. But the apartment complex is owned by the Geirscale family and they hate Emera, so they refuse to. That’s what Sellme does.”
“And he—”
“She. It’s probably a she. No one knows, but I think it is. She’s an [Artist] who puts up pictures, usually pointing something out. Sometimes for fun, but she started a bit after you left on your glorious campaign.”
Ilvriss sat back. Huh. ‘Sellme’ was clearly an alias, and they had a clear grudge against the Walled Families. Navine disputed that.
“Just about corruption, arrogance, Ilvriss. Sellme targets people like the Emera group.”
“Hm. Until she goes after you or I.”
“Why would she? I run my company without issues like that.”
