8.05 I
Page 46
She hissed. Ilvriss skidded to a halt.
“Shriekblade, enough. Sellme—I want to talk. I am Wall Lord Ilvriss—”
“I won’t be silenced! Salazsar is corrupt!”
The [Painter] drew forth—Ilvriss tensed, but it was a brush. Coated in paint. They turned their back to him and he motioned.
“You stay back. Stop them if they run, but no harming them. I wanted to talk!”
“Oh. You’re not breaking their legs and handing them over to Lord Rellmel? But you said to that [Diplomat]—”
“That was an unrelated issue! Painter Sellme—”
Ilvriss saw a flicker. He turned just in time to see the younger [Painter] leap into the doorway at the end of the alleyway and scramble down the street. He started. Shriekblade blinked. They charged after the Drake as one, cursing. Ilvriss was so confused.
That hadn’t been—
Wham. They ran into the painted doorway as Shriekblade hit the brick wall and then Ilvriss collided with her. It was so realistic that neither one had realized that the Drake had drawn it while they were arguing!
“What—”
Ilvriss stared up at the paint now on his face and armor. Shriekblade cursed.
“He did it again! He threw paint at me the first time—I ran into it in the air! It’s a [Magical Painter] or something!”
“Extraordinary.”
Ilvriss stared at the doorway. He’d broken the paint—it had been showing the street beyond. He stood up as Osthia, battered, with the contents of a chamber pot on her armor, skidded into the alleyway.
“Wall Lord. Did you get—”
“They escaped. They can paint doors, Captain. After them! I need their talents.”
Ilvriss got to his feet. Shriekblade was already running, mad as hell.
But Sellme was gone. They were out of the city before Shriekblade found the hole in the wall of Salazsar, an artfully drawn ramp that had carried them to safety.
 
—-
 
Wall Lord Rellmel was celebrating the disappearance of the acclaimed [Painter], Sellme, with his sister, Wall Lady Grisa. That was the ruling elite’s mood; the city was sullen.
People blamed Wall Lord Ilvriss for the incident on the streets, and rumors were already flying that he had deployed no less than Shriekblade to silence Sellme before his secrets could be leaked.
What that was, was unclear. Rellmel had a different opinion.
“I bet you he wanted to get Sellme to sweeten the deal, Grisa. He really wanted the Potion of you-know-what.”
His sister glanced around the restaurant, one of the fanciest in all of Salazsar, with a commanding view. Rellmel hated being here. It was too expensive, but she always wanted to take her boyfriend here. And she was always interfering with the company that was his job to run.
Case in point. A million gold pieces? They could live off that alone for…four years! Three! But she refused. She was paranoid about safety; her Amulet of Protection glinted conspicuously as she glowered at him, waiting for the handsome Drake to get back from the bathroom—her date.
“Absolutely not. That’s our heirloom. A million’s too low! If he went ten million, I’d think about it.”
“No one can afford that for one potion, Grisa.”
“Fetohep of Khelt, might.”
She tossed her head. His jaw dropped.
“You want to sell to a skeleton?”
“Business is business.”
“But Ilvriss went after Sellme—”
“Maybe it was because his company has problems. If he caught Sellme—so what?”
“The pictures of us—”
“They’re gone, so we don’t owe Ilvriss anything, Rellmel. Now, I want a happy dinner. Understand?”
