8.05 I
Page 19
“Ilvriss, you’re being unreasonable. I—er—have to go, but I’m not going to let it drop until you’re at least in the same room with one of these women. They’re amazing conversationalists! Really! Do you think I’m just in and out in five minutes?”
“Brilm, I can’t do this. I don’t even know what I want, but I don’t think it’s here, with respect to all these beautiful women, of course.”
That sparked a challenge among the people here, although Ilvriss couldn’t have known it. Did they enjoy their jobs? Well, did you enjoy your job in any profession all the time? It was just work. But it was well-paid work and there was still pride in what you did.
Unless people told you to be ashamed. Xesci had heard it all. Brilm exhaled—and then paused.
“Hold on. If you don’t know…”
In the back room, the Drake saw the other workers look around. And Brilm was speaking to the desk manager.
“I know someone who’ll fit. Is Xesci…?”
And that was how they met.
 
—-
 
Xesci had not been among the young women of every species in the meeting room. Ilvriss felt like there was something significant about her, though.
Everyone had seemed to know what Brilm meant when he said there was no one else to choose in response to…Ilvriss denying he was interested?
Well, he was forced into at least meeting the woman. She was already in a private ‘apartment’ where you could do anything from cook to sleep to…well, there was one point and one alone in the end.
Wasn’t that so? He hesitated. It had felt like a long time since he’d come into a place like this. He had met Periss and before that…assignations with other members of the Walled Families, mostly.
But Periss had been so long and now? He would not be doing anything more than Tasilt—less than the other Drake, who had apparently asked if he could set a ‘personal consummation time record’, or upset Mister Superior.
This was a silly place. For the laugh alone, and his friend’s clear, if totally incomprehensible method of helping, he would have thanked them.
But no. It would be a betrayal of…
“Excuse me, Miss Xesci?”
He pushed the door open and it closed behind him. Someone was waiting on the rather overdone bed with copious sheets and pillows. The entire room had a…chartreuse color theme. Padded.
There sat a Drake with two needles in her claws. Ilvriss instantly hesitated.
If this is like that Gnoll who threatened to put a collar on my neck and take me for a walk, I will stab Brilm. He eyed the needles—
But they were, in fact, knitting needles. And the Drake was knitting a…sock?
It was a sock. A nice, thick one for cold weather or stomping around in mud. She was making it out of a rather nice wool, too. Something properly expensive, not thick and cheap.
There was even the beginning of decoration on it. Also—a Drake sock, so one tailored around their clawed toes. You tightened socks rather than jam a foot into them like Human ones. So they were more like foot-wraps that you laced around your foot. So much better than socks that had only one method of being put on.
…Why was she knitting a sock?
“I’m sorry, Wall Lord. I didn’t think you’d be too interested in me.”
The Drake stood up, putting down the needles, yarn, and unfinished sock and apologizing. Ilvriss blinked.
Xesci was a female Drake. That much had been obvious from the ‘catalogue’. But unlike every other person on the list, she had not had a picture illustration.
She was dressed fairly skimpily, but with clothing you could actually wear on a warm day. A violet dress with black hemline, not transparent, but simply ‘nice’. And the Drake herself looked…
Er…
