8.05 I
Page 15
Oh no. Ilvriss closed his eyes. Tasilt was referring to the alarm when Erin had gone to Invrisil. But they had never heard the one when she was hurt. She must have taken off the ring? Why did she…?
And if they were talking about that, they had the wrong idea. Ilvriss turned.
“I think you’re mistaken.”
His two ‘friends’ grabbed him under the arm.
“Ilvriss, it’s for your own good. We know an excellent place. I go there all the time. Tasilt, vouch for me.”
“I’m married, Brilm.”
“Oh. Right. Well, even so. Before that.”
“Absolutely not.”
Ilvriss began to struggle. The two Drakes refused to let go. He could have forced them to stop—but then Tasilt threatened to tell Zail and his mother.
 
—-
 
The…place…was known as The Drake’s Pearl, and it was a brothel. But a high-class one, the kind where you didn’t have denominations below ‘gold pieces’.
It was also private…insofar as you could stealthily arrive and disappear if you chose.
Some did choose. Others did not, and strode in there like Brilm every week. He knew the staff by name.
But privacy of the clientele only extended to the gossipers and people who poo-poohed The Drake’s Pearl and all establishments of its kind.
The people who worked there knew all the names, even if the Drakes came in hooded, cloaked, or [Invisible]. After all—it was hard to be invisible when doing the deed. Although that was something you could pay for.
Also, contrary to the name, there were more than just Drakes working here. After all, Salazsar’s lonely bachelors—or married Drakes—had a number of desires that could not be expressed in polite company.
Bachelors. Even here, female Drakes did not just walk into a brothel, much less ask for the entirely-female [Escorts] and so on. They had different methods. If, say, Navine Gemscale wanted to meet someone in the same industry, well, she could ask for a house call as it were. Or go there herself.
The Drake sitting down knew all about the secrets. It was a community, after all, so she knew the dirty little secrets only an idiot would ever try to cash in on. She had started in far worse places than this, in fact. Here she took breaks, waiting for the expensive, expensive clientele to come in. You earned gold per assignation, and if you had people who liked you, gifts of valuable perfumes and gemstones were the least of what you’d get.
“Perfume. As if it’s all we want. And I have to wear the scent each time he visits! I keep getting them confused!”
A female Gnoll—Aranna—was grousing. She was young, beautiful, and had made the smart move of dying her fur such that she looked, well, like some exotic Gnoll [Shaman] from the plains. She’d even added touches to her costume. She was fretting about a recent gift. The Drake leaned over.
“Are your preferred clients Drakes or Gnolls, Aranna?”
The Gnoll huffed.
“Drakes, Xesci. You think Gnolls want to see me pretend to be a ‘wild Gnoll who needs to be tamed’?”
Xesci snorted. Oh yes, it was an act. And exotic…she sighed.
‘Exotic’. She hated that word. But she nodded to Aranna as the younger Gnoll held out the perfume bottle of extreme expense.
“I know someone who resells stuff like that. I’ll introduce you. My advice? Sell it.”
“But the perfume—”
“He’ll give you cheap ones. Get some that smell a bit like the one they gave you. You could even use the same one. I knew a Gnoll who used the same scent, every time. Told each of her clients that it was theirs and they bought it.”
The Gnoll laughed and Xesci smiled. She sat back as Aranna nodded.
“Thanks, Aranna. I—”
