8.05 I
Page 4
Time had driven the couple apart, and there was a definite split in the Gemscale family. There had been for a long time.
Navine controlled her own company, less successful than the main Gemscale holdings, but profitable. Liberal, just as her policies were, or so her detractors claimed. She and Helessia were in a pro-Human movement—which was to say they opposed continual war with Humans. That was pro-Human sentiments among the Drakes, as extreme as you got.
Zail on the other hand was a traditionalist who believed in the power of Salazsar. And until recently, Ilvriss had been a loyal follower of his father’s ideals.
Well…he still probably was. Navine did not get along with Ilvriss, even if he was less grating than before. His sojourn abroad had changed him more than any of his other military expeditions or trips.
She was here, though. Because they were family despite it all and Drakes stuck together. She lashed her tail as her two parents made small talk.
“Poison in the mines. It must be. Good Wall Lords have died to that before. He shouldn’t go in person. No need.”
Zail was talking, having repeated himself twice in the last twenty minutes. Helessia sighed.
“The mines should be safe, Zail. I wonder what it is. Captain Shieldscale said he is on his way.”
“Who?”
“His new assistant, Zail. He’s introduced you before.”
A moment of confusion—then guilt—crossed Zail’s face.
“Of course I recall her.”
Navine wondered if Ilvriss was bedding this new Drake. It fit his old ways; she knew about his relationship with the late Periss, his second-in-command. But she somehow doubted it. Shieldscale and Ilvriss were too…familiar, if that made sense. Familiar, and yet not intimate.
Another mystery of why he’d bother scouting a Pallassian [Captain] anyways. She wasn’t high-level, just decent.
Besides which, Navine had thought she’d known why Ilvriss had changed. It came down to Liscor. And the reason for his collapse? The same.
Humans. It was always Humans, one way or the other. Even so—Navine wouldn’t have believed it. But it fit. And as Ilvriss strode into the apartments and stopped as he saw his entire immediate family present, she solidified that hint in her mind.
“Stress?”
Helessia looked appalled. Zail, horrified. To him, there could be nothing more embarrassing than being brought low by something as weak as stress.
“It was a bad display, father, mother. I will make another inspection, tour the mines and thank them for their help.”
“Tomorrow. You must rest if stress has eaten you up.”
Helessia insisted. Ilvriss nodded. Zail peered at Ilvriss.
“Lack of sleep did this?”
“A week or two of it, father. I—recalled that I’d barely slept more than three or four hours the entire week.”
Helessia made a dismayed sound. Zail blinked a few times.
“You were never insomniac. Is it—”
He caught himself. Navine nodded and poured some wine for herself.
Ancestors. She hadn’t believed it. But he really had fallen for a female Human in Liscor. Given her his ring and everything! He kept claiming it was a gesture of respect, not romantic bonds, but everyone knew the modern customs.
And more—she knew the Human was dead. She even knew her name, now.
Erin Solstice. An [Innkeeper]. Ilvriss kept talking to his family, glancing at her, but she only told him she’d been concerned. He thanked her, stiffly. And they went on with their lives.
 
—-
 
It was not as if Erin Solstice alone had laid the Wall Lord low. Indeed, weeks had passed since the news of her death. A Summer Solstice that had brought tragedy even to Salazsar…
