8.05 I
Page 51
He looked at her, then Xesci. The Drake woman nodded and licked her lips.
“Why are you telling us?”
The Wall Lord slowly walked around the room. He met everyone’s eyes, Osthia, Nerul, Shriekblade—no, Tessa, and Xesci.
“Because we have a duty to stop him. And right now—there are five people in this world we can be sure of that aren’t his agents. He is, possibly, a Level 70 [Necromancer]. Possibly Level 80.”
“Ancestors.”
Nerul muttered. Ilvriss nodded.
“Only Zel Shivertail and an army of the Antinium attacking together beat him. And the Goblin King. Beyond that? He has destroyed Terandrian kingdoms. And I believe he has grown stronger since then. He is our enemy. And right now, we are all that can be trusted.”
There was Ryoka Griffin. There had been Erin…and others. But they could have been subverted. Replaced. Ilvriss felt his scales crawling.
“You are all Drakes. Members of the Walled Cities. Of Izril. I believe you all have a talent and the will to fight back. So.”
He sat back, tired, but feeling the tingle in his veins.
“Let’s hunt the Necromancer. We have my resources. We have an army in training. And we have leads. Now I can actually rely on people—”
He nodded at Nerul, who could actually organize things with authority.
“—I can begin pursuing some of the ones outside of Salazsar.”
“Such as?”
The [Diplomat]’s eyes were sharp. Shriekblade tilted her head back and forth. Xesci was just staring around, slightly overwhelmed.
“Magnolia Reinhart once said something that made me think she knew he was alive. Either she is aware and opposing him—or she is concealing the information but hinting at it—or…”
Ilvriss trailed off.
She was his. Nerul muttered.
“Ah. So you’re on the move?”
“How so?”
Osthia looked blank. Ilvriss glanced at her, and Nerul elaborated.
“Magnolia Reinhart is going to Oteslia. It seems only fitting that if you were going to approach her in confidence to find out one way or the other, you’d go there. It’s an event, which is even more cover. Isn’t that so, neph—Wall Lord?”
He looked at Ilvriss. The Drake nodded.
“We may have an ally—if an untrustworthy one—with sources of information. I won’t rule out Human help, or any species or nation. But we have to know, and avoid tipping our hand. That’s why Xesci is here. Nerul helps us reach out, gives us cover and excuses. Xesci can identify them—or so I hope. Either way, she can act as a perfect [Spy].”
“What if she is—wrong? What will you do then?”
The [Courtesan] licked her lips. Ilvriss met her gaze. Then his head slowly turned. Shriekblade had been fiddling with a knife. Then she blinked at him and grinned.
“That’s why Shriekblade is coming too. To Oteslia.”
He made his plans. And the potion went to Erin Solstice.
Hope in a bottle.
 
 
 
 
After Chapter Notes: There were some parts I didn’t get to write! Alas! But a big chapter!
…Too big? I could have split it, but the ‘action’ was near the end. So it goes. I’m back off my break and hope you enjoyed! Now I am much tired and will soon rest.
But here’s your poll chapter. Here’s Ilvriss. Was it what you expected? Is it what you wanted? Do you have regrets? The Aba-bets for this month are null and void!
…But we might get chapters anyways. Just the ones I think fit. I hope you enjoyed and we’ll see what comes next. Thanks for reading and remember—[Diplomats] are scary. Or something. Night!
 
The Horns of Hammerad by Miguel!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/cmarguel
Twitter: https://twitter.com/cmarguel

 
Facestealer or Headsnatcher by Enuryn.
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat
 
 
Erin by Adventurer!
