8.05 I
Page 12
“My family doesn’t employ high-level [Guards] or [Warriors]. If they were—they’d find other work. No, we’re going to get an elite group—so you can at least take down monsters, and other threats. I wanted you to come with me so they know who to report to. It won’t take more than thirty minutes…”
Elite group? Osthia hesitated. She tried not to roll her eyes—then remembered she and Ilvriss weren’t subordinate and commander in the same sense as in the army. She coughed into a claw and Ilvriss looked at her as he went for the door.
“Not to offend Salazsar or this group, Ilvriss, but we have a saying in Pallass. ‘Every unit’s elite until we kick their tails in.’ If this is like one of Pallass’ elite groups—every army has them. I…don’t know if it’s going to be that helpful compared to the one you have in training.”
And that one would take months more of drilling, for all most had [Enhanced Strength] or [Greater Toughness]. They had potential, but no battle experience and training.
Far from being offended at the insinuation, Ilvriss only smiled.
“Specialized infantry, then, Osthia. And I think they might meet your standards. Here. Follow me.”
Curious, she rose and followed.
 
—-
 
Ilvriss took her down through his tower and into one of the central ones. A shared spire, for the power of the Walled Families.
“It is true that ‘elite’ gets tossed around a lot, Captain Shieldscale. But unlike other groups, the Walled Families of Salazsar don’t keep individual standing forces of renown. Rather, we pool our strength. So we have a different system…here we are.”
They had entered one of the military areas of Salazsar. Their city wasn’t as proactive as say, Pallass’, and had fewer armies, but they were still good. Strong.
And they answered to Ilvriss.
“Wall Lord! Can I assist you today?”
A [Lieutenant] on desk-dusty straightened and saluted as Ilvriss and Osthia approached. She glanced at ‘Captain Shieldscale’, but she seemed perfectly at home with Ilvriss’ rank, somewhere around [General]. He could, after all, call upon an army if he wished.
How strange other cities were. Osthia listened.
“Lieutenant, I’d like to buy into one of our Gem Regiments. I’d like one battalion-strength group of the Occum Swords if they’re available.”
The Drake grimaced as Osthia listened, bewildered.
“I’d have to consult my notes, but I am almost certain they’re on deployment with our 1st Army, Wall Lord.”
“Pity. Then—are the Erchirite Spears available?”
“At battalion-strength? Certainly. And what will you need them for? Duration?”
“Indefinite, and I will pay for four months if that is acceptable. Guard duty and perhaps monster-slaying, without ruling out fighting. No plans for full-scale engagements.”
The Drake didn’t even blink as she noted all this down.
“…Here’s my figure for the payment, Wall Lord.”
Ilvriss glanced at the number on the piece of paper. Osthia gulped. He nodded.
“Done. Send it to Alrric in my company. Also, I’d like—”
“Wall Lord Ilvriss, please excuse me, but what is going on?”
Osthia burst out, bewildered. The [Lieutenant]’s brows shot up, but both she and Ilvriss smiled.
“Simple. I’m hiring an ‘elite’ group, Captain Shieldscale. Or rather, the specially armed Gem Regiments of Salazsar. Surely you’ve heard of them?”
“Yes, sir. But—you can just hire them?”
“They are paid for by all of the Walled Families. It costs more to hire them, and Salazsar can recall them if need be, but it allows for some level of equipment. Exceptional averageness I suppose.”
Ilvriss sighed, and Osthia didn’t get that part. But then he was looking around.
