8.05 I
Page 43
“Nephew, what’s this about? Your Gnoll said it was urgent. I have a hangover, though. Started any wars? Disputes you want me to end?”
The portly Drake looked reproachful. Ilvriss stood up.
“Uncle, I have a request. I want you to help me and I am prepared to compensate you. It’s a personal favor, not a Gemscale family one.”
“Really?”
The Drake blinked. Ilvriss told him what he wanted. The Drake inhaled.
“That’s a two-year project if ever I heard of one. But I can do it in my off-time.”
“No. It’s a today-project.”
The [Diplomat] stopped in his tracks.
“You must be joking. No…this isn’t playing around, Ilvriss. It’s unfriendly. It could lead to conflict. Have you cleared this with Zail?”
“No, and I don’t intend to. I want it done. I am the acting head of the Gemscale family. And you can name your price.”
Nerul licked his lips.
“Well. I have to admit, it would be the kind of thing that I like doing now and then. And it’s a leveling opportunity. Hm. Hmm…it’s not any scales off my tail, Ilvriss. Are you sure?”
He met his uncle’s gaze.
“Yes.”
The [Diplomat] sighed, rubbed at the back of his neck and his neck-spines, and nodded.
“There was too much conviction there for my liking. It must be needed. Very well. I can do it tonight. It is going to be unpleasant and you are going to have to let me do all the talking first, understand? No going out of line or it fails. Let me gather a group. I need down payments—”
“Alrric.”
“Very well. I’ll set it up. What has gotten into you today, Ilvriss?”
The Wall Lord stood there, adjusting his clothing, which he’d donned in a hurry. He knew this would damage Gemscale’s reputation. Much less what he was going to do. He didn’t care.
“I have to hurry, Uncle. I’m tired of sitting around.”
He looked at the Drake. Nerul nodded.
“Fair enough.”
 
—-
 
Xesci was engaged when Wall Lord Ilvriss stormed into The Drake’s Pearl for the third day.
“He must be obsessed. He wants to see you right now.”
The [Manager] told Xesci when she had emerged. The Drake frowned.
“Not with me in the way you’re thinking. I wonder what he wants.”
This time, she was wearing a shorter Gnoll’s body. A sweetheart. And she was certainly smiling, if bewildered, as Ilvriss walked into the room.
“Wall Lord. How can I help you?”
He sat down abruptly. The air around him had changed. Before, when they had first met, he had been reluctant, even tired. Now—he was almost unable to sit still. He met her gaze.
“Miss Xesci. When we first spoke, you mentioned that one of your dreams was to return to the north in time, perhaps after having saved up enough. Was that true or an exaggeration?”
She blinked.
“I…it wasn’t untruthful. I’d like to retire. Wouldn’t we all? I don’t know where I’d settle, but yes, I would at least visit.”
“I see. And do you enjoy your job or would you retire if you had the choice?”
She rested her chin on her hands.
“You mean, would I continue working here? Wall Lord—it’s a job. Sometimes it’s enjoyable, sometimes not. But it’s not a passion. Especially if you’re the only expert in the room.”
The woman grinned at him, inviting him to share the joke. He did not.
“In that case, Miss Xesci, I have a proposition for you. I would like to hire you to work for me in an unusual capacity. Not as a [Courtesan], but as an…agent. I cannot go into details here, but I would be prepared to offer you enough gold to retire on after your work is completed. A year—two at most.”
She stared at him. Then she rubbed at one ear.
“…What?”
The Wall Lord repeated himself. The woman stared.
