8.05 I
Page 1
Wall Lord Ilvriss had to struggle for a second before saying that. He was tempted to say ‘yes’, but understood in a moment that trying to cover the real reason for his fainting was a pointless endeavor that would probably backfire in time.
Stress. He stared at himself in the large mirror, which was an antique artifact used to diagnose patients. Merla had used Spectacles of Identification for bad spells, her own Skills and knowledge, and a Mirror of Wellness to confirm.
The Mirror showed Ilvriss as he was, but also a faint fugue about him, dark, like fog. If he had been sick or poisoned, it would have marked parts of him beset by his ailments.
It was a wonderful relic for a [Healer] of her level and reputation. Ilvriss wondered if it could show whether you were alive or not. Then again—a good spy would never let themselves be taken to a [Healer] of Merla’s standing.
Unless she was undead. But that was another Waisrabbit hole you could get stuck down—especially since the damned animals tended to collapse their burrows such that only a teleporting creature could ‘hop’ from section to section.
“…What, Healer Merla?”
“How long since you had a good night’s sleep, Wall Lord?”
The Drake woman repeated herself patiently. Ilvriss frowned.
“I slept every day this week.”
“For how long?”
“…S—F—Three hours last night. But I took breaks throughout the day.”
He admitted reluctantly. Merla raised an eyebrow.
“And the rest of the week? Similar? You know stamina potions do not replace sleep, Wall Lord? And unless you were sleeping under the effects of a Skill, that seems too low, even for [Twofold Rest].”
Ilvriss rubbed at his face. He had not been using Skills. It sounded bad when you said it outright, too. Glumly, he looked at the other Drake, with her faded rose-grey scales.
“I suppose the only cure is…?”
“Rest, of course. Here are pills for two weeks. Take them—sleep at least eight hours each night. They should keep you down and out.”
He accepted the envelope and sighed.
“I will, Healer. It’s just that…”
She pointedly folded her arms and Ilvriss hesitated. Of course, he was a Wall Lord, one of the richest families in Salazsar and the ruling class, since Salazsar was made up of only the Walled Families and had no higher power.
And Merla, despite being a [Healer], was a citizen. However, she had also tended to his family since he was a squalling Drake baby and you did not simply talk back to her.
“We all must rest, Wall Lord. I can’t do more than give you pills—although that will keep you rested—but there are ways to relieve stress or anxiety besides Calming Tonics…I can make up a list if you’d like.”
She waited. Ilvriss shook his head after a moment and forced a smile.
“That won’t be necessary, Healer. I know the root of my—weakness. I will deal with it and get proper rest, thank you.”
She saw him off. No one spoke of payment; she’d bill his family.
There was a crowd outside, but Captain Shieldscale, or Osthia Blackwing as he knew her, had a carriage drawn.
“To your tower, Wall Lord?”
“Yes, Captain. Thank you.”
He nodded at her; the bright blue-scaled Drake was more than capable after a few months in Salazsar. He noted a shadow detach herself from the clinic.
Shriekblade. The observers drew back slightly as the blank-faced Named Adventurer walked forwards.
