8.05 I
Page 6
“No, I’ll meet you in the evening. Thank you, Captain. I’ll leave you to your duties until then.”
She nodded as Ilvriss sighed. Nothing of note meant she hadn’t uncovered another potential spy by the Necromancer—or identified someone they had to get on the secret task force’s side. She also looked for artifacts, through the histories, just like he did.
“Excellent breakfast. My apologies for the rush, but I must be about my day. I’ll take my lunch while working. Please tell my father I might not have time to meet today.”
“Of course, sir.”
They nodded to him and he left. The Wall Lord strode out of his tower and across the interconnected bridges that crisscrossed the spires of Salazsar.
Built into the mountain. Built out of the mountain, where the Drakes and Gnolls dug and added to the city constantly. Salazsar, founded on the richest gem and mineral seam in the world. And Ilvriss, at the top of the world.
He descended to a lower point as the tower widened. Sky-terraces were common, and each spire contained the upper classes; the bottom of the city was manufacturing, public residences, and so on.
The training court was about eighty feet down, and he took a side staircase to avoid people asking if he was well. No doubt gossip would have him repeating the events and assuring people all week.
Not that the Drake he was going to visit didn’t bring it up.
“Stress, eh? I told you to rest, Ilvriss!”
Master-Trainer Zelir, a high-level [Weapon Trainer], struck at Ilvriss cautiously to test him. Ilvriss parried and riposted.
“You did, Master Zelir. I should have taken your advice. Thank you for waiting.”
“Ah, well. My best student says he wants to improve? What am I to do?”
The Drake was old. Not as old as Merla, but Ilvriss was noting how many pivotal Drakes in his life were old.
The ones who were younger were dead.
His blade faltered and the other Drake flicked his sword through the gap. Ilvriss leaned back, with a curse. The tip caught his practice armor.
“Sloppy. If I was carrying an enchanted blade, you’d be bleeding. And if I was a [Duelist], that would be enchanted with Evercut and poison. So I walk away and…you’re dead.”
Zelir demonstrated, stepping back and spreading his arm and training sword. Ilvriss sighed, and nodded.
“My attention’s lacking.”
“Well, you did collapse. The body can’t just recover in a day. But we train to fight at our worst. So—concentrate!”
Zelir was a mix of encouraging and stern. He had been Ilvriss’ weapon instructor since the Drake was a boy. Zail had hired him and the old mentor had been the one to make Ilvriss a fine duelist.
Among the Drake nobility. But Ilvriss had brought his trusted Coldedge Longsword to a duel with Zel Shivertail and the [General] had taken him to pieces without his elite escort.
Fair was fair—that was a Drake war hero, but Ilvriss recounted the moment to Zelir during a break.
“Did I ever tell you how Zel Shivertail beat me in our battle, Master Zelir?”
The old Drake’s eyes sparked with interest. He wasn’t too old compared to Ilvriss; he had about ten or fifteen years at most, and his Skills kept him fresh.
“Tell me. You kept your guard up, I hope? Wasn’t over in a flash? I’m told he just charges in and has most enemies to rights in seconds. His claws…”
“Yes. He used both, obviously, so it was me keeping him back and trying to score decisive strikes while he blocked and kept closing. He didn’t charge—not after the first encounter. He actually parried a lot of my blows.”
“Really?”
