8.05 I
Page 10
The Drake chuckled as he rose. Ilvriss nodded to him. Tomorrow, he’d ask Zelir to join his army of three. The old Drake might not be young or as high-level, but Ilvriss would arm him in artifacts. That would help.
 
—-
 
The problem of high-level individuals Ilvriss brought up to Alrric again, as he visited the company.
“I’ll visit the mining crews and not faint this time.”
“If you like, Wall Lord. But if you do faint a second time, I’m going to have to ban you from doing inspections. Our current seam is giving us adamantium along with gems and I can’t have you holding us up.”
Ilvriss smiled at that and Alrric grinned for a moment. It was a jest at Ilvriss’ expense, and a sign of the new working relationship. Alrric had been wary at first, but now he seemed more at home—and they had worked together for a long time.
“How is the family doing? I hope I didn’t hold you up with my collapse.”
“Well. And I got back to them on time. My daughter, Sidinel, is getting to be a handful. She wants to travel about.”
“By herself?”
“Herself, her friends, with us—young Gnolls, no, young people.”
Alrric sighed. Ilvriss nodded without any personal experience into the matter, as non-parents did when told about parent-things.
“So, about one of my requests, Alrric.”
“Which one? Sourcing the Potion of Regeneration or high-level recruits?”
Ilvriss paused.
He had received Lyonette’s [Message] when Erin was hurt. On that day, in that very hour, he had opened the Gemscale vaults and inspected every inch of it.
They had hoarded gold, gemstones, and artifacts. More than you thought. Less than Ilvriss would have liked, to be honest. The problem was that Drakes did use artifacts throughout the years and a Potion of Regeneration?
If they had had one, Zail would have used it. They had none.
And getting one was tricky.
“Does anyone else have one in their vaults?”
Alrric put down his quill. He scrubbed at some ink on his brown fur, then stopped.
“I made inquiries, Ilvriss. Few Walled Families are willing to even give me a straight answer, but Wall Lord Meiss is the only one who has one—”
“And he won’t sell.”
Ilvriss nodded. He’d tried. But who was going to sell an heirloom artifact that couldn’t be produced in this world? Ten thousand gold pieces? Go stuff it up your tail. A hundred thousand, even? Not even close.
A million? Well, that might be enough to turn a head, but it was still a priceless relic. And there were limits to even Ilvriss’ largess.
He put that aside.
“High-leveled individuals. Anyone? I was talking with Master Zelir—my [Weapon Trainer]—about the issue.”
Alrric consulted his notes. That was the power of an [Administrator]. He took the need, found people who could do the job, and had it done and waiting the next day.
“Let’s see. High-level. High-level…no one new in military matters, I’m afraid. You know every Level 40+ combat-rated individual in all of Salazsar. I’m sorry, Ilvriss. But at that level you pretty much have to hire them. A [General] bounces between cities, or [Swordsmasters]…”
Ilvriss was well familiar with how Drake cities enticed good warriors and leaders. Every nation did it. Pallass had stolen Pelt when he’d been on the market, for instance. And he didn’t want the public bidding war that always ensued. He didn’t want mercenaries.
“Well, that’s it.”
He grumpily sat back, putting down his signed documents for filing. He felt like he was chasing his own tail. Day in, day out, it was all incremental progress. He needed action. He needed…to do something. Now.
Alrric cleared his throat.
