8.05 I
Page 13
“Is one of the [Battle Captains] on duty, Lieutenant? Perhaps Captain Shieldscale can see the Drakes she’ll be leading.”
“Of course, sir. I have a Captain Presz on duty. I will have him called up and the Erchirite Spears assembled directly.”
Ilvriss nodded.
“I’d also like to draw on…sixteen Rubirel Guard. Same duration. Bodyguard duty. Both forces report to Captain Shieldscale.”
“Of course, Wall Lord.”
 
—-
 
The Erchirite Spears were elite. And Osthia wouldn’t be disparaging the four hundred Ilvriss had paid for. They were lined up, ready to do whatever needed doing.
Made of [Veteran Soldiers] who won the right to enlist in the safer, much more well-paid Gem Regiments. Also?
Enchanted armor, enchanted weapons. Osthia stared in envy at what money could buy you from the richest Walled City in Izril.
Captain Presz saluted her, and then showed her his spear.
“Each one’s expensive as they get, Captain Shieldscale. Hence our small regiments. Take a look. Mithril-alloy shafts, and the tip is…”
He indicated the topaz-like mineral stuck to the top. Only, it was charged and Osthia knew better than to touch it. It wasn’t as transparent as topaz, but had an inner sparkle.
“Echirite. Stores and releases electricity when struck. Without protection, a full unleash from one of our units is like a [Chain Lightning] spell in battle.”
The Drake grinned as the [Soldiers] stood to attention. Osthia imagined what it was like to charge into that group—or suffer a spear-charge.
“I take it back, Wall Lord. That’s a fine fighting force.”
“Under your command. Battle Captain, Captain Shieldscale is my commanding officer. I don’t expect you’ll be doing more than relaxing for the short interim, but she has my full authority.”
The [Battle Captain] saluted.
“A pleasure, Captain Shieldscale.”
“I won’t interfere in tactical decisions until I know your unit, Captain Presz. And I’ll try to listen to the expert in the field.”
She hastened to assure him and the Drake smiled.
“Thank you, Captain. It’s a tossup on who we get commanding us. And I understand you’ll be taking the Rubirel Guard, Wall Lord?”
“Sixteen. They’re heavily-armored, Captain Shieldscale.”
They were indeed. The Drakes were like the Flamewardens of Pallass, a former group of heavy-infantry Oldbloods that Osthia had once known.
But rather than relying on Oldbloods, the Rubirel Guard exchanged the ability to breathe fire for the ability to survive…anything.
“Enclosed helmets with sight spells. Internal air reservoirs. No [Snipers] putting an arrow through the arrowslits. Heavy—but we can still swing battleaxes. Toss us into fighting, Captain. Toss some [Poison Cloud] spells in too; we don’t mind.”
“Just don’t make us sprint.”
One of them joked around. Osthia nodded, impressed.
This is the kind of force I want to take against the Necromancer. If they had ten thousand of them—she’d be talking about when to siege his castle. But they were expensive and hard to field. There were fewer than a thousand among all of Salazsar’s army, mostly as shock troopers or bodyguards.
 
—-
 
The high-powered Gem Regiments he’d paid for made Ilvriss feel like he’d done something. But he didn’t have a target to hit; the instant he went after the Necromancer, he suffered.
At least they’d get some battle experience. Alrric and Osthia would use them to kill monsters that appeared while the mining teams worked. He almost pitied even Crelers running up against the Rubirel Guard. Almost. Actually—not at all.
