8.05 I
Page 42
“Of course you are. Fine, then. I don’t know if you’d even make it on time. Alrric—send a [Message] to Ceria Springwalker. Ask her if she will delay the assault. Meanwhile—get me…”
He was writing furiously. Alrric nodded for an assistant to take over as he went to clean the tea from his fur. Shriekblade pointed.
“I know those names. Some of them. Gold-ranks.”
“Yes. These are adventurers to contact. Tell them I have a job offer for them in regards to the Horns of Hammerad’s [Message]—get me a [Mage], as well as [Message] scrolls. I’ll have the contents in ten minutes. And I need a list of teams in Invrisil or the region. Inquire, will you?”
“Yes, Wall Lord.”
The Drake took the list and rushed off. Ilvriss sat forwards. He began to write a [Message]. It was short, brief, and the first one he sent to Keldrass of the Flamewardens.
He would have sent one to Bevussa, but she was on contract. Ilvriss went down the list. First—Gold-ranks. He received a flurry of [Messages] and replied briefly. Then he went to Silver.
“Keldrass of the Flamewardens. I would like you to participate in the Horns of Hammerad’s request for a joint-assault on the Village of Death. I am prepared to offer your team compensation for joining in the effort, regardless of success or failure. Pending your agreement with the Adventurer’s Guild, I will transfer twenty thousand gold pieces into your account at the Merchant’s Guild.”
Alrric stared at the [Message] he’d just read out. He shook his head. Then he began authorizing payments from Ilvriss’ personal account. The Wall Lord was spending money on this assault. Shriekblade was waiting on a response from the Horns of Hammerad…
And Ilvriss couldn’t sit still. Saliss of Lights wasn’t in Pallass and besides, he was out of his arsenal. Other big Named Adventurers in the areas refused—to leave their posts, to go north, or just because they were engaged.
Crowdcaller Merdon and Elia Arcsinger had already declined, and some were in contract to the Five Families for instance.
But he could hire teams from Pallass, Liscor, Invrisil—he stopped pacing.
“And here is your bill, Wall Lord. I’ve taken it from your account.”
“Hm. Thank you, Alrric.”
Ilvriss glanced at the figure. It was more than what Shriekblade would charge, although it would double again if she agreed and could make it.
It did not matter. He thought of that inn. This—this was something.
Something. The feeling in his veins felt like—satisfaction. Progress. Ilvriss turned.
“Alrric, is Nerul unoccupied?”
“I can check.”
“I’d like to meet him now. After that—I need Captain Shieldscale. I am going to visit The Drake’s Pearl shortly after that.”
The Gnoll hesitated. One did not normally announce that last bit in a loud voice. But the Wall Lord didn’t seem to care that half his staff in the office had recognized the name and were staring at him sidelong.
“Is everything alright, Ilvriss?”
The Drake came to a stop. He looked at Alrric.
“No. But I intend to set it right. Time to take risks. Throw frying pans.”
“Is…that an expression?”
Ilvriss didn’t bother replying. He walked into his office.
“Shriekblade. I have a mission for you.”
“Besides going to that Village of Death? What do you want?”
He told her. She blinked.
“Really? That sounds like fun. What do I do? Kill?”
“No, find. I want it done before I leave The Drake’s Pearl. That will be…”
“How long does it take? Ten minutes? Five? Two?”
Ilvriss ignored that.
“Let’s call it evening. Succeed by then and you’ll have a bonus.”
“Really? I’ll find them.”
She vanished.
Nerul was next, and Captain Shieldscale. Ilvriss stood up.
