8.05 I
Page 5
A hundred and twelve miscarriages. People were wearing white armbands, still. Salazsar had joined the Drakes of Izril in sending more aid, more reinforcements to Rhir. And more to come. But they were debating that.
Ilvriss had been working, before and after the news came. And it had not been him throwing himself into his work either that did it.
But he was burning his candle at all ends, including the middle. He worked for almost all of his day when not exercising, eating, or, increasingly seldom, sleeping.
He worked in his company with Alrric, his Gnoll [Administrator], making sure they were making a profit. Then he visited his secret task force authorized by Salazsar, training new [Soldiers], equipping them in secret.
And then—unbeknownst to all, he would join Osthia Blackwing in poring over records, details, trying to track suspicious payments, links to Regrika Blackpaw or a certain location—looking into mysterious absences or strange breaks in other important Drakes’ past lives over the last two decades—or more!
Some time in between all of this, and his frequent conversations with his father, Zail, or entertaining his closest friends, Ilvriss would find time to fit in sword practice, or do research into other cities’ battle tactics. Historical records and stories about wars with undead of old.
He had done this since he had come back. Work, work, and for a change, intense work. And perhaps that had been taking its invisible toll the entire time.
But it seemed more to those that knew Ilvriss that the news of two weeks ago had simply…removed something that had been keeping it all from overwhelming him.
Hope, perhaps.
 
—-
 
Wall Lord Ilvriss took a purple pill early in the night, after assuring his family he was well, sending word to Alrric to pass out some puffers or a good vintage to the mining crew he’d been with as an apology, reschedule all his appointments, send word to his well-wishers and friends…
He sat in his bed, popped the pill Healer Merla had given into his mouth, put his head back—
And woke up with the sun shining down on his face.
“What did she give me?”
The Wall Lord blinked and struggled out of his bed. He felt…well, a bit more alive, but groggy, as his body began to protest getting more sleep than it was used to.
“Wall Lord? Do you wish breakfast? It’s two hours past your usual time…”
One of the employed Drakes—not servants, Drakes were particular about that—greeted Ilvriss as he strode out of his room in some robes. He rubbed at his face.
“Yes, thank you. I’ll take it in the dining room. And please send Captain Shieldscale to me—tell Master Zelir I will be delayed, with apologies.”
“Of course, Wall Lord.”
He had a speedy breakfast of Solin Chop—a rather fancy take on a classic dish. Wherein you took a tomato, a large one, in this case a Veil Tomato from Noelictus, chewier, more succulent, and hollowed it. You re-filled it with, well, a meat and/or grain mixture. Gave it the obvious spice and toppings, which could be cheese, a gravy in this case, and surrounded it with appetizers.
It was a good meal and Ilvriss sped through it, despite the hard work of the [Chef] his family employed.
Osthia appeared halfway through the meal.
“Wall Lord.”
She bowed, although Ilvriss had told her in private to drop the need for formalities. But the staff were hovering; no doubt worried about him. So he greeted her in their coded parlance which was second nature by now.
“Captain Shieldscale. Anything to report today?”
“Nothing of note, sir. Although we were going to speak on Gemscale’s standing forces. If you’d like to delay that…”
