8.05 I
Page 32
The Trisstral Alliance was a collection of cities that had banded together to safeguard interests, secure borders, and trade. You needed alliances, like the Hectval…something alliance. If only to resist larger cities.
Like the Walled Cities. The Trisstral Alliance had in fact been relatively happy to trade with Fissival and Salazsar for decades, but their relationship had turned less-than-amicable of late.
They had strong agriculture and food industries, which Salazsar and Fissival prized, being farther from Oteslia. If they fought with Oteslia, or were on the outs, they needed food, since neither Walled City was particularly good at making it.
Trisstral supplied it, cheaper, faster, but they’d pointed out that the two Walled Cities were importing the food at losses for their economy. They’d asked to renegotiate, as well as impose tarrifs of their own on goods from each city, which passed through their cities without a copper earned. Gemstones and magic.
Fissival had agreed, Salazsar had refused. In response, the Trisstral Alliance decided to trade with Fissival. Salazsar demanded they resume trade. Trisstral asked to renegotiate. Salazsar threatened them instead. Trisstral told them to shove their tails up their behinds.
Salazsar went to war.
…That was old history. That was why Zel Shivertail, who had been appointed [General] of the Trisstral Alliance, took the fight to Ilvriss’ forces. He beat one army—then had to fall back, back, as Ilvriss tried to corner his forces and force the Trisstral Alliance to sign some bad terms for their cities.
Then they met past the Bloodfields, in the winter, after a grueling campaign where Zel kept ahead of Ilvriss, but the Wall Lord refused to stop chasing him.
Then…Periss died.
Then Ilvriss and Zel ran into the Goblin Lord, and went to Liscor.
Then Zel Shivertail fell and then…
But the original fight was still there, even if so many things had happened. Salazsar needed food. Trisstral was hopping mad, still. But neither side wanted war after so much loss.
That was when Nerul had arrived. He’d swept into the city, walked into the negotiating room where the angry Council of the city of Dellek was waiting, representatives from the rest of the alliance, and spoken.
“Ladies and gentledrakes, I am Nerul, [Diplomat] of the Gemscale family and officially designated representative of the Walled City of Salazsar in regards to the war between the Trisstral Alliance and Salazsar. Both sides want peace, and an amicable solution if one can be arranged. Let’s work this out.”
The Drakes—and Gnolls—in the room had bristled at first. They expected an arrogant Drake from Salazsar to sweep in and say how it was going to be. But Nerul caught them off guard. He stood there in their first meeting, looked around, and identified the head of Dellek’s Council. He inclined his head to him.
“First Scale of Dellek, Councilmembers—I assume you’re speaking on behalf of the alliance? Please correct me if I’m wrong. What does Trisstral want?”
They blinked, looked at each other. What did they want? Well—the First Scale had risen, eyes flashing.
“An end to the war! A ceasefire, and agreement to no hostilities! Reparations for the dead, including General Zel Shivertail who fell because of this long damned war that took him into the path of a Goblin Lord! The fair trade terms we wanted from the start!”
Nerul nodded to each point as the Drake shouted at him.
