8.05 I
Page 28
Zelir cursed and used his Skill to duck it. The two Drakes went back and forth, as Ilvriss began to warm to the new style. It was only halfway through the serious spar as both used their Skills that his tunnel vision and hearing made him realize Shriekblade was making a sound.
She was…sniggering. He hesitated, and saw Zelir glance to the side.
“Something wrong, Miss Adventurer?”
“This is so stupid.”
She flicked the butt of her cigar over the edge of the training grounds. Ilvriss eyed her, feeling a spark of real annoyance in his chest. He and Zelir had been going at it for about thirty minutes by now.
“Do you have an objection to our training methods, Adventurer?”
She shrugged insolently at Zelir’s clear ire.
“If the Wall Lord wants to learn how to fight, he should ask me. You two fight like you’re on the sparring courts.”
The two male Drakes looked at each other.
“We are.”
“Yeah. I didn’t see one of you kick dirt in the others’ faces. No body blows, no one coming from behind with a knife. That won’t work on a battlefield. The sword style, maybe. But you—you’re not doing more than teaching him how to hold the sword.”
She pointed at Zelir. Ilvriss saw the [Weapon Trainer] bristle. He put down his practice sword and looked at Shriekblade.
“Master Zelir is an old family friend and mentor, Adventurer. Watch your tongue.”
She shut her mouth and folded her arms. Zelir nodded to Ilvriss. They tried to get back to it, but Shriekblade’s words had soured the entire affair. Zelir pressed Ilvriss—hard. Fighting aggressively, testing Ilvriss, as if to prove Shriekblade wrong.
She rolled her eyes. She said nothing, but she was so pointedly dismissive that Ilvriss began pushing at Zelir, so his back was to Shriekblade.
Even so—Drakes had tempers and Zelir was proud of his skill. When he tried to parry Ilvriss and got a score on the arm, Shriekblade might have snorted. The [Weapon Trainer] rounded on her.
“If you think this is a game, Adventurer, pick up a practice blade and show me you can do better!”
She stopped lounging against the wall. Ilvriss put up his blade.
“Master Zelir. This isn’t a good—”
Zelir rounded on him. He was normally polite, but Ilvriss remembered his temper. He snapped at the Wall Lord.
“There are things I can stand, lad, and things I can’t. This is swordsmanship, not a street fight! This Adventurer can show me she can back her talk up, or she can wait elsewhere.”
“I can use a sword. Better than both of you combined. I’m a Named Adventurer. You’re old and you make money training people outside of battlefields. I’ll take you on with one hand and no Skills if you stop bugging me. How about it, Wall Lord?”
Shriekblade waved a claw at him. Zelir bristled.
“Pick up a sword!”
“Zelir—”
“Don’t argue with me, Ilvriss! I’m still the instructor here. Now—”
 
—-
 
She broke his arm. It took her four minutes in the savage duel that unfolded. True to her promise, she used no Skills. And Zelir pressed her hard, at first. He didn’t use Skills either. It was down to the ability with the blade—the strength of each one’s body—and fighting style.
At first, Shriekblade just danced around Zelir, moving faster than even the [Weapon Trainer], who often did the same to Ilvriss. She blocked, parrying his angry thrusts and strikes. Ilvriss watched, ready to jump in, uneasy.
She let Zelir tire himself and show her his fighting style for a minute. Then she began raining down fast blows towards his head. She scored him twice, but light blows. He went in harder, and touched her on the shoulder. Just a touch—
