8.05 I
Page 34
That was one noticeable conversation with the Dellek representative, who did have to put her city’s interests with that of the alliance in general. Nerul visited the city of Selmis the next day and spent two weeks there being hosted by the negotiator there, who he had grown friendly with. Which of course made Dellek a bit nervous…
Gifts, friendliness—even charm—a reasonable attitude and someone who never actually got mad or rose to jibes, and was certainly willing to acknowledge fault, and most importantly, honesty.
Nerul never promised anything he didn’t mean. Nor did he try to play cities against each other; the negotiators did check. But he was completely willing to take a six-hour-tour with a negotiator, and rack up several thousand gold pieces on the Gemscale family bill with gifts, money spent while drinking or talking with the others…
The trick was that Nerul bent over backwards—did backflips—if he had to. Personal concessions for ones on the actual peace treaty he eventually signed on behalf of Salazsar and had sent to the Walled City to be further signed by all the Walled Families. When he left Trisstral, the negotiators threw him a farewell party.
And whilst the cities ended up with less than they wanted, their image of Salazsar had turned from ‘a city we wouldn’t mind tossing Creler eggs over the walls at’, to ‘a city we dislike because of all the stupid stuff they’ve done, but there was Nerul and we have a trading contract with our neighbors, even peace terms in case Fissival tries something, since they’ve done that too’.
It was called being a [Diplomat]. And Nerul was good at his job.
 
—-
 
“Nephew! How is my favorite troublemaker? Start any more wars for me to fix?”
Nerul Gemscale had a luncheon with Ilvriss. His first comment to his nephew before the huge bear hug essentially continued every interaction he’d had with the younger Wall Lord.
Nerul was a different sort of Drake. For instance, he wasn’t at all close to succeeding the Gemscale family. He had achieved success in other ways and established his value—but he was no [Lord].
If Brilm was a pudgy sort of Drake, well, Nerul was, er, big. He had already begun lunch in a fine restaurant; it was customary for him to dine at the one of his choosing after coming back from a sojourn abroad.
“Uncle Nerul, you’ve bailed me out again.”
“And this is the first time you’ve ever thanked me for it. Something’s changed. Wait—less Zail, not necessarily more Helessia.”
Nerul’s eyes bounced up and down as he studied Ilvriss. He was eating with some of his ‘team’, lesser [Negotiators] and assistants. Ilvriss nodded.
Nerul was—or had been—something of a black sheep in the family, mainly because Zail and Ilvriss had not approved of a Drake who came in after the fighting was done.
“Are you drinking with us?”
“I’ve quit.”
“Really? You continue to upset me, nephew. I’ll have his drink, then.”
Nerul spoke to the [Server]. He could and had drunk every person in the room under the table. He sat back as he and Ilvriss caught up.
“The Trisstral Alliance is at peace, and we’ll stop seeing those huge increases on the price of…food. Which is a relief. And I have been three months out there.”
“It amazes me it takes so long.”
The larger Drake snorted, and wiped at his pale purple scales; some wine had been splashed around.
“If you had won the war, let alone captured General Shivertail, I would have had a different response, nephew. Three months? Thank the Ancestors it wasn’t eight! I would have had to stall, but I have results. Peace and more than just the word of it.”
