8.05 I
Page 9
“I’m…hunting for high-level people, Zelir. In Salazsar. This is confidential to the Walled Families…”
The [Weapon Trainer] gave a serious nod. Ilvriss’ cover was the anti-Antinium task force, and even this was secret to Zelir. Ilvriss briefly explained and the Drake whistled.
“And you need some high-level Drakes to fight…? Well, if you wanted my sword, I’m afraid I’m not the best! Not that I wouldn’t mind having more students.”
He gave Ilvriss a sideways glance. The Wall Lord smiled at the testing look.
“I am, actually. But Zelir—beyond you. I’ve looked around the city and…why are there so few high-level Drakes in Salazsar? It feels like there’s no one exceptional I can call on in our standing forces. Excellent soldiers and companies, don’t get me wrong. But high-level [Warriors]? Shriekblade is an exception, but—do you see my point?”
Zelir exhaled.
“I do indeed, lad. That is—Wall Lord.”
Ilvriss ignored the reflexive name. Zelir went on after a moment.
“It’s common to Drake cities. We have high-level [Commanders], a few heroes, extraordinary adventurers like Saliss of Lights, Shriekblade…but we do have less outstanding individuals in our armed forces. It’s mostly to do with our military style compared to Humans. Do you understand what I mean?”
Ilvriss tilted his head as he watched a bird fly past and give the two Drakes a side-eye.
“You mean, the fact that our [Soldiers] aren’t Human militias?”
Drakes kept larger standing armies and drilled their [Soldiers] more extensively than the north’s conscripted armies, which each [Lord] had. Their City Watches, for instance, were tied into the army’s strength. Zelir nodded.
“Yes. Efficiency. Nothing like a Drake spear wall to hold a line. It’s what we’re known for…even small cities have organized and drilled [Soldiers], especially compared to the Humans. Our Watch gets funding and training while theirs can be corrupt or good or bad. We have standards. It occurs to me we might have gone too far.”
“How so?”
The Drake smoothed his neck spines as he tried to explain.
“Let’s say there’s a monster attack. Who sorts it out? The Watch in the south as much as adventurers. So we have less adventurers. Let’s say there’s a battle and a spear group is faltering. We pull them back—because we can, because they’re trained to fall back—and throw in a new one. We don’t abandon them.”
“Of course not.”
The Drake nodded.
“Human armies though…sometimes they gamble. Here’s a group of conscripts with swords and shields and a month’s practice. Throw them in, bail them out with a [Knight] charge if you can. Sure, many die. But the ones who survive level. They have [Knights] and poor infantry.”
Ilvriss got it.
“So they’re creating ways for individuals to excel.”
“Exactly. And between you and me, lad. Drakes make it so that everyone can perform to standard. But we sometimes make it harder to stand out because of that. Not that it’s a bad thing to do it this way, but it does change how levels work. Everyone’s a bit higher…and less people are highest.”
Zelir gave Ilvriss a long look. What he said in privacy might be seditious—in other companies, in another city. Ilvriss just sighed.
“That’s what I’ve observed.”
He had scoured the ranks of Salazsar’s command for people he could snap up that wouldn’t be missed. He couldn’t take their best [General] to go running around fighting secret wars. But it meant that everyone below wasn’t much better than Osthia. And she was good…
But he needed exceptionalism.
“Thank you, Master Zelir. I’ll see you tomorrow. Same time?”
“So long as you sleep in.”
