8.05 I
Page 14
But the problem of high-level, trustworthy people remained. So frustrating. Once you had good people, you could have them do work, like Ilvriss was trusting Osthia. But he had even relegated his old adjutants to other duties because he wasn’t sure, and he couldn’t watch them all without first having his good, core team.
Zelir would be the first. So why…did Ilvriss feel as though his mentor wasn’t enough?
Perhaps because this battle isn’t one you can win with a fancy sword art.
He was rubbing at his head and debating taking a purple pill so he could work early tomorrow when someone called upon him.
“Ilvriss! Ilvriss—we’ve come to kidnap you!”
The Wall Lord nearly drew his sword before he recognized the familiar, jovial tone.
“Tasilt?”
Tasilt and Brilm, the two Wall Lords that Ilvriss had known growing up and were around his age, were waiting for him in the foyer of the Gemscale residence.
Tasilt and Brilm. Alike and not. Both enjoyed, well, fine things as most people of money did. Brilm loved novelty, curios from afar like the song-gems he’d invested in and were making a big profit.
Tasilt? He was more into wine, libations, enjoying himself.
But Brilm, a bit pudgy for a Drake, was far more conservative than Tasilt, who had married a Gnoll and scandalized Salazsar. Tasilt by comparison had put Ilvriss onto hiring Alrric and was an easygoing, good-natured Drake.
Of the two, Ilvriss trusted Tasilt to be honest and moral. He trusted Brilm to show him something interesting.
He liked both of them, even if he had little time to be a friend at the moment.
“What did you say, Tasilt?”
“Kidnap.”
The Drake winked, without realizing why that had alarmed Ilvriss. Brilm chuckled.
“To be more precise—we’re the two who are going to save you. From yourself. Don’t try and resist! We’re armed!”
Ilvriss eyed Brilm’s side, knowing the Drake could barely use the enchanted sword. Tasilt was better, but neither had studied the sword as much as he did. Then again—Tasilt had been in bar brawls with Ilvriss as a young Drake and he was good with his fists.
“And what am I being kidnapped for? I have [Healer]’s orders to rest up. Stress.”
“Yes, yes. Stress. As if overwork could lay low the mighty Ilvriss!”
Brilm’s tone was mocking and teasing. Tasilt just looked at Ilvriss, brows raised.
“You’ve been overdoing it. If you try to resist, we’ll have to use force.”
“Which is…?”
“We’ll tell your mother that you’re overworking yourself.”
Ilvriss knew it was only Tasilt who could come up with a threat like that. It would never occur to Brilm, but Tasilt knew Ilvriss and Helessia. Also, that his mother would fuss and worry about it.
Ilvriss grimaced.
“A low blow, Tasilt. And what am I supposed to be kidnapped to?”
“You’ll see. Brilm?”
The Wall Lord gave Ilvriss a wink that Ilvriss didn’t like at all. The Wall Lord thought as they shepherded him from the residence, laughing with the staff and promising to have Ilvriss back before his bedtime.
They were headed down the tower. Ilvriss suddenly began to really think about the number of things that would take Brilm…Tasilt…
“Listen, you two. I’m happy to rest up. In fact, I was about to sleep. I have medication…”
Brilm waggled a claw in front of his friend’s face.
“Oh no, Ilvriss. We heard the diagnosis. Stress. And you don’t just need sleep! A Drake needs…”
He glanced at Tasilt and the other Drake coughed.
“We know it may have been—difficult of late, Ilvriss. Everyone heard about it.”
