8.05 I
Page 16
She coughed. Someone was smoking on a puffer. The Gnoll glared at another person sitting in the back rooms.
“Do you mind? It sticks to my fur!”
“Say it’s part of your tribal rituals. Dance about a fire. It’ll get them excited.”
A female Human, Shakra, rolled her eyes. Aranna huffed, but left to go store the gift instead.
“She’s sensitive to smoke. Put that out.”
Shakra glowered.
“I got it as a present. I’ll trade you a puff.”
“No thank you.”
Xesci didn’t put down what was between her claws. She was, in fact, knitting. Shakra glanced at it.
“You have the weirdest hobbies for someone in our line of work.”
“It beats drinking or smoking. I do that when I’m not about to lie on my back for an hour.”
“An hour? I never lie there for more than five minutes.”
More snorts.
Human, Drake, Dullahan, Gnoll—they had even had Garuda and Selphids in. Any species you wanted. Any look. They could cast magic, sweet-talk you—or go exactly the other way.
Xesci was not a…specialist in those areas. Certainly, she wasn’t one of the older Gnolls, who, unlike the ‘exotic Plains Gnoll’ of Aranna, instead was quite mean to her clients.
Mostly Drake clients, incidentally. Gnolls just didn’t have as much money—and, perhaps, there was less of a culture of coming to these establishments in groups. Wall Lords on the other hand…
“Everyone, tails up! We’ve got three Wall Lords in the lobby! And one of them’s new!”
Someone hissed through the back rooms. All the women inside looked around.
“Really? Who’re they?”
Secrets, as noted, were not kept except from the outside.
“Brilm’s here.”
“That’s my cue. Unless he wants Aranna or Medroniaria.”
Shakra doused the puffer. Aranna and ‘Medroniaria’, the half-Elf [Courtesan] who dressed like one of Terandria’s nobility in an odd mix of fetishes, both looked interested.
Brilm was a familiar face. The other two? Xesci listened.
“Who’s the other Drake? He’s been here.”
“Yes…but not recently. Not for years, apparently. Tasilt?”
“What? He’s married. I know his wife! She’s like a hero to me!”
Aranna looked dismayed. The [Prostitute] spying for everyone reported back.
“Don’t worry. He’s only here to take the third one.”
“Oh, thank goodness.”
The Gnoll sighed, and, surprisingly, so did the other two Gnolls, all of whom wanted to believe in the one Wall Lord who had married a Gnoll. Shakra on the other hand, looked disappointed and relit her puffer.
“If Tasilt is here, Brilm’s going to ask for you, Aranna. He always does every time he hangs out with that Wall Lord.”
“You’re sure?”
Aranna began fussing with the perfume bottle she’d been showing around. Shakra grimaced.
“Want to bet on it? Who’s the last Drake? Maybe they’re in the mood for Human?”
The Gnoll spying with her enhanced hearing looked around. And she looked uncharacteristically…
“Maybe, Shakra. You’d actually better get ready. He’s new, but he might ask for you. Brilm is, um, recommending you?”
“What? No one comes here on first go and asks for a Human—”
The back room fell silent. Everyone looked around. Oh.
Gossip went around the city, and especially in places like this. Xesci stirred.
“You must be joking. Menorra?”
“It’s Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
The entire back room went into a flurry as everyone tried to win one of the most eligible Wall Lord’s attentions. In the lobby, he was arguing with his fellow Wall Lords—in fact, more had secretly come to er, support him in his hour of stress. And to do business here.
But. Xesci knew that he hadn’t come here—recently—because he had been off the market so to speak for a while. And if recent events were any guide…she shook her head.
“Idiots.”
