8.05 I
Page 27
The female Drake wore the kind of expression he’d seen [Soldiers] with incredible hangovers wear. Sullen, angry, and also annoyed. Toss in boredom to that—it was an amazing stew of emotion.
“Adventurer Shriekblade. You didn’t report yesterday.”
“Yeah.”
She said nothing else. Ilvriss eyed her.
“Are you in need of more potions or scrolls?”
“I don’t want them. Can I kill something?”
He hesitated. Osthia paused and eyed the Named Adventurer.
“Do you want me to handle…?”
Shriekblade gave her a look and Ilvriss recalled the issues with her before. He sighed. This had happened multiple times.
“Adventurer Tessa—”
“Call me Shriekblade. Everyone does.”
“Very well. Shriekblade. If you are fit to work, accompany me for the day. I don’t envision fighting. But I will tell Captain Shieldscale to contact you if any monsters arise in the mines.”
“Fine. Yay. Standing around. Kill me now.”
She stomped after him, making no effort to resume her professional, if eerie, normal shadowing. As she was now, she was talkative, had a personality—but a foul one.
Case in point, halfway to his appointment with Zelir, Ilvriss heard a small sound. He saw Shriekblade puffing away on a huge cigar.
“…Is that Dreamleaf? That is contraband in Salazsar.”
“Who cares? I’m a Named Adventurer. I can defend you drunk. Can I get a drink?”
“No.”
Ilvriss dropped it. Zelir was no less interested by Shriekblade’s new attitude today. He eyed her—and the cigar—disapprovingly. She was lounging against one wall, watching them, incredibly bored, but alternating between puffing and watching people in the city below.
“I never noticed the…Miss Shriekblade before, Wall Lord.”
“She has been here on many occasions, Zelir. I’ve hired her to take care of combat issues. Monsters and so on.”
“I see. You’re not in fear of your life?”
“Not at all.”
Ilvriss lied. Zelir had never detected Shriekblade before. But the [Weapon Trainer] quickly dismissed her.
“Did you want to discuss something with me, Wall Lord?”
“After our training, I think.”
Ilvriss had decided to make Zelir part of his mission, for all the reasons he’d thought of yesterday. They began to warm up, first sparring—then Ilvriss trying out the new sword style.
“Not bad, not bad…but you won’t ever get to your old level of fighting prowess without constant practice.”
The older Drake was approving. Ilvriss felt annoyed at the new style. However, he knew he had to make his body learn to parry the new way.
“Why don’t you try using your Skills while we fight, lad? It might help you learn a new style.”
“As you like. Careful, though—[Flurry Strikes]!”
“[Parry Blade]!”
Zelir and Ilvriss’ practice swords flashed at each other. Ilvriss had fewer combat Skills—but he was a strong [Lord]. Even so, not one of the nine fast strikes hit Zelir. He knocked down seven blows perfectly—then the other more clumsily, but took himself out of range of the last one with a [Fast Backstep].
“What’s that? Seven charges?”
The [Weapon Trainer] smiled. He had [Parry Blade]—but a spin on the Skill. [Parry Blade — Sevenfold Reserve], which meant in layman terms that he could parry an incoming blow seven times, then it ran out. It would ‘recharge’ in time.
“You’ve gotten too good with your Skill, lad. Time was you could only do four strikes. You might get me one of these days!”
“That would be a shame, if I someday managed to win more spars than I lost. Too bad I—[Reaching Slash]!”
