8.05 I
Page 33
“Yes, of course. Do you have numbers, a contract? I can review it now—and I am authorized to sign on behalf of all of Salazsar. I don’t need to talk to the Walled Families unless there’s something outside of my authority.”
The Council hesitated. One of them stared suspiciously at Nerul.
“This is a trick.”
He shook his head at her.
“Not at all, Councilmember. Salazsar mourns the death of Zel Shivertail. It acknowledges the waste of a war—and the act of aggression made. Or at least, the families that voted in majority to. I am here to end this conflict without a single life lost. And I’m willing to do so fairly. Now. What numbers are we talking about?”
He’d caught them off-guard, and they actually had to recess to pull up actual figures. The caving of what they’d thought they’d have to fight over caught them unawares.
And of course, when they did come back with exact terms and a contract, the real negotiations began.
It took Nerul three months. At first, the entire Council and many representatives, including other Councilmembers, even a Watch Captain, sat in on the talks. But they quickly found that what they wanted, they got.
“I’d like the ceasefire signed today, if possible. We can talk about the reparations later.”
“If we sign a ceasefire, how are we to assume Salazsar will honor the rest once the threat has ended?”
The [Diplomat] shook his head patiently as the Watch Captain snapped back.
“Trisstral has all the agriculture that Salazsar desires, Watch Captain Cells. But a ceasefire means we can all relax. Can we agree to that?”
The cease fire was signed the next day. Thereafter, the real arguments began. It was mostly over numbers. The Trisstral Alliance wanted Salazsar to pay through the nose holes for every dead [Soldier] and General Shivertail. They wanted non-aggression contracts for four—no, six decades, a guarantee of no tariffs, and so on.
That was unreasonable, and Nerul pointed out that no Drake cities had contracts over two decades—and if they did, they were broken. Salazsar couldn’t justify that length.
They argued for nearly four days—Nerul being polite—on the issue of length. Soon, only designated representatives were hammering out terms with the [Diplomat]. The Council had to do more than sit in.
Which was what the [Diplomat] wanted, of course. After he’d established the main negotiators, he talked with them, catching them after the official negotiations. He unveiled some of the cargo his small team had brought.
Gifts. He didn’t press them on the negotiators, nor did he offer them to just them; it was to the Council.
Obviously they were wary. But Nerul was polite, friendly, and after the grueling negotiations, he made a point of visiting the attractions in the city. He asked the negotiators for tips on places to visit—since he was here for a while.
In time, he ended up drinking with them at a bar after they were done, or being invited over to a home. Even visiting other cities.
The thing was, Nerul was representing the Walled Families, Salazsar. He had a lot of sympathy for Trisstral, and there were things he couldn’t agree to—that they would refuse to accept.
“I can do a ten year peace treaty. But twenty? I won’t be a [Diplomat] the next day. And we can offer the open borders to Dellek because it’s closer. But not the other cities. You understand my point, Councilmember?”
