8.05 I
Page 20
There was no way for Ilvriss to say this politely, even in the confines of his head. But he was taken aback because she was plain.
Completely ordinary, that was. Which was fine. But every female [Concubine] or so on in that room back there had been surpassingly beautiful, as you might expect in a place like this. Some were older, others young and vibrant, but Xesci was…
Average. Completely. She looked like she was in her early…thirties? Ilvriss couldn’t tell. Her scales were a light green, one of the most common colors.
Every part of her face was ordinary. Not perfectly symmetrical, or flawless. Just amazingly ordinary. You could pass her ten million times on the street and never notice.
“I…er…well, thank you. You are Miss Xesci?”
“Yes, Wall Lord. I’m quite happy to let you sit here for…twenty minutes and then refund you. I think your companions would accept that.”
The Drake got up and nodded at him. Just nodded. No bow, not that Drakes tended to do that. But she seemed—Ilvriss was off-put.
But also relieved.
“You seem to understand my situation, Miss Xesci. Thank you for that.”
He looked around; there was a padded seat he cautiously inserted himself into. She sat back on the side of the bed, grimacing.
“These things make you sink into them…you could probably suffocate with enough blankets and pillows.”
He smiled despite himself.
“This is ah—the typical bed you might use when—”
He stumbled over his words. Now, Xesci smiled.
“You don’t need to be so formal, Ilvriss. And you may call me Xesci. Yes, when I have sex. It can get quite taxing on the back. I’ve asked them for a harder mattress for years now.”
He sat there, completely ill at ease…for about five minutes. Then he began talking to her like another person.
“And they don’t oblige you? I imagine for a place this…well patronized, it wouldn’t be too expensive.”
“You think that. But they do love to reuse everything. Also, you have to get stain-proof enchantments on everything so I understood the expense.”
“Eurgh.”
“Yes, right?”
She smiled. Despite himself, Ilvriss had to grin. The Drake went on with a sigh as she picked up the knitting needles.
“But I got them to install one in one of the rooms.”
“Oh. So what was the problem? It was—uncomfortable?”
The Drake looked blank.
“No. It’s that everyone wants to use it. I get to use it once every two weeks, if I’m lucky. So it goes. Pardon me—I’m just knitting socks for a friend. It’s a hobby. I wouldn’t have brought out the needles if I thought…again.”
She was knitting as she talked, with that ability some people had to knit without really thinking about it. That told you they were the hardcore, real knitters, not the posers.
Ilvriss nodded.
“So you work here. And this job is…well, I have visited places like this before. Never here, but I ah, was reluctant to do so. My companions seem to think it will help.”
He couldn’t think of anything else to say. Xesci nodded.
“I know. Word travels fast around here. It might, if you wanted it. I’m happy to be charming—but I don’t think that’s you.”
“And you know me?”
She raised her brows.
“I seem to. I’m very good at knowing people.”
Click, click, went the needles. Ilvriss had to admit she was right. He sighed.
“Well…I apologize then. If there is anything to apologize for. I will pay the fee. Or I’ll make Brilm do it for bringing me here.”
She smiled and nodded.
“Thank you. Well, that’s three minutes. Seventeen to go. While you wait, would you like to talk or just sit? Or you can sleep in the bed. Don’t worry—they clean it every time.”
Ilvriss shuddered.
“No thank you. And—talk?”
