8.05 I
Page 26
Reflexively, he checked himself. Nothing to his rear—none of his rings or amulets was buzzing for hostile magic. The Drake put his claw near his sword—then slowly moved it away.
If it came to it, he’d point his Ring of Greater Fireball and activate it. No one expected a [Fireball] to the face.
The street was empty. He looked ahead and found…
Well, a lone person hurrying down the street. Had they seen Ilvriss? They were cloaked, and he saw a long tail. Drake. Ilvriss saw them glance around—then hurry around the corner.
“Hm.”
They hadn’t realized someone had broken through their Skill. What had they been doing? Ilvriss looked past them and saw…
“Oh.”
Interesting. He came across a giant…painting on the side of one of the apartment-complexes in the lower residences. The paint was drying even now. And it was, er…
Ilvriss stepped back. It was startlingly good. Accurate to life, even scaled up. Splendid coloration—a bit more vivid than reality, so it popped along the slightly dirty stonework. The artist had also given it a faint grey background to canvas the Gnoll hanging onto the windowsill.
Yes, a Gnoll—a [Miner] if ever Ilvriss saw one, in the traditional gear, his pickaxe holstered at his waist. He was holding onto the windowsill of the apartment—the artist had incorporated the natural scenery.
He had a desperate look on his face. Clearly, he was trying to climb up. But the problem in the painting, the motif if you will, the subtle message in the art…
…Was the pair of Drakes currently engaged in trying to push him out as they held huge gemstones and bags of gold in their claws. They were uh, cartoonishly sneering down at the Gnoll.
The problem, if Ilvriss would have critiqued this art in a gallery, was that this painting had painted the every-Gnoll, without specific detail on his fur. But the two Drakes?
He knew them. The distinct speckle-pattern of gold on the female Drake’s blue scales she loved belonged to Wall Lady Gisha—and her brother didn’t paint his scales gold, but that had to be Wall Lord Rellmel, with that streak of green across one arm, mixing with the onyx scales.
The entire painting stood out to Ilvriss. Bits of gold dropping as the two Drakes tried to kill the [Miner]—or at least make him drop off the windowsill. Excellent art. Provocative message.
Ilvriss looked at it for about four minutes, admired the art, and went on his way.
He had more important things to do.
 
—-
 
The next day, Ilvriss awoke after purple-pilling himself into oblivion. He had a breakfast on time, asked Osthia how her training was going.
“I think the Gem Regiments are well suited for—strike missions, Wall Lord. The Rubirel Guard are especially impressive. I couldn’t even scratch their armor. I only have one concern…”
“Which is?”
“What if someone [Dispels] their armor? They have entirely enclosed armor, but it seems weak to enchantment attacks—”
“A casual [Dispel] won’t break their armor, Captain Shieldscale. And if the enemy decides to field an [Enchanter] of that strength, every artifact is in danger. I think if the Rubirel Guard did lose their enchantments, they’d…remove their helmets.”
“Good point, Wall Lord. I was just concerned about fighting high-level spellcasters.”
Ilvriss had nodded.
“For now, they’ll be excellent against anything short of that unlikely scenario, Captain.”
After that, training with Zelir. Ilvriss was walking out of his tower when Shriekblade appeared.
“I’m here.”
She stood in front of him as the doors to the Gemscale residence opened. Ilvriss blinked.
