8.05 I
Page 8
Except that a master in a particular fighting style would unlock its unique Skills and abilities. Ilvriss focused on the two-handed blade style of the Llevian School, which actually drew from axe-style downward sweeps. You tried to ground your opponent’s blade by parrying in one direction, and capitalize in that moment.
It was an unusual style and Zelir had been surprised when Ilvriss brought out old Gemscale teaching manuals. But he’d been willing to teach Ilvriss the style.
It was one suited for fighting opponents armed with axes, revolving around nimble, graceful strikes. Footwork was as important as parrying.
And it was also good against oversized opponents like undead. Ilvriss didn’t mention that.
“The fact that you wanted to learn an entire school of swordsmanship…did you feel like your training wasn’t good enough? That’s on me, although even I wouldn’t expect my best student to take on the Tidebreaker.”
Zelir commented from the side. Ilvriss grunted as his muscles adjusted, trying to work the new attack pattern into his body and subconscious.
“Not you, Zelir. Rather—I just felt like I was relying on my artifacts too much.”
“That’s fine for a Wall Lord.”
“I want to be better.”
“Hm. Well, I can’t fault that. You’re moving too slowly, even for practice in the Denial of Action. Try again.”
Ilvriss did. This was an old school that Drakes had invented, and as such also taught you how to guard your tail in combat. Also—unpleasantly or practically—it had a number of strikes designed to de-tail your opponent. He’d declined to learn those.
His enemy was Human and used the bodies of all species.
 
—-
 
The practice took an hour and Ilvriss was sore afterwards. He refused to use a healing potion though; it erased your hard work. Zelir nodded.
“Same time tomorrow, then? So you can sleep properly.”
“A moment, Master Zelir? I wanted to consult with you.”
The Drake paused. He looked to the door of the outdoor training court, dizzyingly high up—although protected with enchantments. Still…there were no guard rails so you could walk over the edge of the training grounds. The spells would catch you, but Ilvriss had no fear of heights after many sessions sparring on the edge of the training court. A Salazsarian bladesman could fight you on the edge of a cliff.
They sat together, dangling their legs over the edge of the training court. Below them, people were specks or walking on far distant bridges below. Ilvriss smiled.
“You used to make me do this all the time for our talks.”
Zelir had advised a young, sometimes moody or frustrated Ilvriss, growing up. The old trainer grinned.
“Times never change. How can I help you?”
Ilvriss glanced sideways. Now, here was a Drake with better swordsmanship than his. Solid, reliable. He wasn’t the highest-leveled Drake in the city, but he was over Level 30. Yes, he wouldn’t be as large an asset as Shriekblade…but you could trust Zelir.
Why not him? Ilvriss had a list. It was only in his head. But it had Osthia, himself, and tentatively, Shriekblade for things she could do that she wouldn’t ask questions about.
It was time to expand that list. He’d dithered and wavered and tried to be sure but—the Summer Solstice and the events just before that had shown him time was running out.
I should have hired bodyguards. I should have put money into the inn. I could have hired a Gold-rank team to guard the place every hour of the day. Why didn’t I?
“You had a question, Ilvriss?”
Zelir prompted Ilvriss. The Wall Lord looked up.
