8.05 I
Page 24
“Not for a while. Sorry. Also, not very sorry. You asked. I know the knitting Xesci was manipulating you—or doing it without realizing it even—but you did ask.”
The [Courtesan] sighed. Ilvriss was trying to wrap his head around it.
“What is your true form?”
“I don’t know. I’ve forgotten.”
He stared at her. The Drake woman gave him a weary sigh.
“My class changed me. At first—I was good at mimicking other people. It helps you in the business to put on an act. Soon—it became what I was good at. Some are good at sex itself. Some? Charming, or addictive. I…become.”
Like the [Actors] that Erin had made. No—this was the class that had existed before them. This…woman…
“Are you even a Drake?”
“Yes I was. But I don’t have to be.”
His head spun. This was beyond Selphid levels of alteration. Xesci saw his expression and clarified.
“Don’t think I can become a Minotauress. I can’t. I can alter my height and become anyone within two feet of my original height. It used to be only an inch.”
“But you become them. You wore armor—”
“It disappears if I take it off. And it’s probably not as strong as actual armor. Wall Lord. It may be hard for you to understand, but this is a class. A high-level class. No more.”
He looked at her.
“You’re over Level 40. At least. No…Level 50?”
She didn’t answer. Nor was she appraisable by a spell. Periss-Xesci sighed.
“I’m sorry for doing this. I like being the knitting Drake because she’s so…un-sexual. I thought it would help and look what happened. I met her once—she was a strange person. But she knits like a genius…”
To say that it was an incident was no joke. Brilm had emerged to find Ilvriss talking with Xesci, after having nearly gotten expelled for drawing a blade on one of the workers here.
But Ilvriss…he couldn’t look away. His throat felt tight.
“You…do you know who you look like right now?”
“I can guess. I’m sorry. It was the first…person in your mind. Far and above the young woman.”
She gave him a sympathetic look. He started.
“You can tell?”
“Vaguely. I know who you might love…or find too real. As I said, I know my job. If I’m bothering you—”
“No. Please stay.”
She nodded. She knew what he wanted. Of course. She sat there and he looked at Periss again.
It was like the faerie drink all over again. But it hurt more, now, seeing the not-Periss.
More. And less. Because the wound was healing, Ilvriss realized. It might have torn open now—but if he had seen her months ago, he might have well gone mad.
The Wall Lord’s head was in his claws. Xesci hesitated, but when he looked up, he was clear-eyed.
He had not wept. Ilvriss looked at her and nodded.
“Thank you, Miss Xesci. I…understand, now, your reservations. I apologize for my reaction.”
“Many have it. I should have just said as much from the start. But the knitting-Drake…she never says anything completely straight.”
He nodded again. The Wall Lord stood up. Xesci waited.
This was the moment he would ask, and she would be reluctant, very reluctant if he did. But he just turned away.
“I regret asking, Miss Xesci. And yet—may I request a visit with you tomorrow? Yes…tomorrow.”
Her head sunk. Then her eyes flashed. Whoever this was had a temper. She controlled her tongue—and her instinct to kick his ass, this might be good if she was ever in a fight like some Gnolls she’d met—and sighed.
She had better get used to this body, then. She had mixed feelings about it, but this is why they came back. Again, again…
“Of course, Wall Lord. And this is all discreet. I will only take this form when we’re together and never speak of…”
