8.05 I
Page 11
“If it helps, Ilvriss—this problem isn’t unique to Salazsar’s military. Your instructor? What did he say about Drakes and leveling?”
Ilvriss repeated the contents of the conversation and Alrric nodded. He sighed.
“Ah, that’s true. ‘No exceptions, just exceptional averageness.’ Your instructor’s take strikes me as eminently correct.”
“That sounds like a quote.”
The purple-scaled drake raised one eyebrow. Alrric blinked.
“It is. Have you heard of the tale of Salii the [Secretary]?”
The name was familiar. Ilvriss sat forwards.
“Wasn’t she responsible for the Ruby Run…six years back? Practically quadrupled the holdings of her company.”
“Not just from that. Yes, she was as good as they came. Better than me, although I wasn’t as good as I am at the time. The highest-leveled [Secretary] in all of Salazsar.”
“But she’s not here. Didn’t she go to another city?”
The Gnoll licked his finger pad and flicked a piece of paper over.
“Nope. She went to Chandrar. Pomle.”
“…The training ground for [Martial Artists]? Why?”
Alrric looked up with a grin.
“She said it was to improve herself. To challenge herself and keep leveling. Did you know that along with Salazsar, she worked in Manus, Zeres, and Fissival? All for only a year or two. She came in, took the hardest jobs at low pay, and when she had things running right, she quit and left. Right when she succeeded. Right when it got easy.”
Ilvriss sat back. His mouth opened and his tail stirred.
“To level up. That’s…extraordinary.”
“She left a mark. Even now, someone says they ‘got a Salii’ when they get a diamond in the rough. If you wanted to improve anything, you should get her. Although I doubt she wants to return to Salazsar.”
Ilvriss grimaced. Recruiting from other cities was hard enough. Other continents?
“See if you can get in touch with her. Do they even have [Mages] over there?”
“She has a Scroll of [Messages]. I’ll have it linked to you for later. Speaking of which, I have a shortlist of unique individuals you could grab from around Izril’s south. Nothing special. Level 30+, all of them. A [Spearmaster], a [Master Archer], a [Lancer]…”
“I’ll look it over later. Thank you.”
Ilvriss sat back with a sigh. Salii the [Secretary]. There was something to it. But a [Secretary] wouldn’t be useful against the Necromancer.
…Right?
 
—-
 
Ilvriss visited Osthia after concluding his work with Alrric. He didn’t waste time as he entered the private work rooms he’d sequestered to plan his countering the Necromancer.
“I’m going to add some standing forces to your command, Osthia.”
She looked up. Her blue-dyed scales itched, but she could scratch here, stretch, and so on.
“How so, Ilvriss? Also—Shriekblade’s gone missing. I think she’s off her potions.”
Ilvriss stopped. He looked around and realized Shriekblade hadn’t stopped outside the rooms like normal.
“I was walking around and didn’t even notice her.”
Osthia grimaced. Shriekblade was Ilvriss’ bodyguard as well as an agent in their war, but she was normally Ilvriss’ shadow.
“She didn’t report this morning. I think she’s…erratic. I’ll check on her tomorrow.”
Hiding in her room, threatening to kill Osthia if she entered. Stuff like that. Ilvriss rubbed at his forehead.
“See to that, thank you. And I’ll get you more subordinates. Not ones you can tell the secret to—but ones under your direct command.”
“Who? More Gemscale soldiers? Your sister already wants to know why I have a hundred for being your bodyguard.”
The Gemscale family had their own standing forces, but Ilvriss shook his head.
