8.05 I
Page 25
He looked at her. The [Courtesan], for all the confidence this body gave her, felt her tongue dry up in her mouth. Ilvriss spoke.
“I would like to talk, Miss Xesci. Not…whatever you might be thinking. I mean that truthfully, without artifice. Never take her shape again.”
He met her gaze. Slowly, the Drake nodded.
“I won’t. Very well…Ilvriss.”
The Drake stood. He walked towards the door, looking as pale as if he’d collapsed again. But definitely vigorous. Full of emotion, for better or worse. He had the door half open when he looked back at her.
“Her name was Periss.”
She nodded. He opened the door and strode out.
 
—-
 
Ghosts. The Wall Lord was haunted—no, accompanied by them.
Not Ghosts, the malignant specters that were monsters summoned by dark magic. He meant…spirits.
Shades.
…All those were undead subtypes. The Wall Lord walked back to his tower unsteadily. Brilm and Tasilt hadn’t understood what had happened, but Brilm had been upset he’d failed to help. Tasilt was engaged in setting records, apparently.
Ilvriss walked by evening in the lower part of Salazsar. He really wanted a drink. And he knew why that would not happen.
Dead people, then. Not zombies. Just…memories. They followed him around. Pushing him, reminding him.
Zel Shivertail, to follow.
Periss, to avenge.
And Erin Solstice now.
There were more. Friends he’d had who suffered accidents, companions in war. Teachers.
If he looked behind him, would he see them clinging to his shoulders? Ilvriss looked—but all he saw was a group of Gnoll children racing about, young, in one of those little packs of children.
He shook his head. And he didn’t feel…as if they were dragging him down.
Remember the dead. Because of Periss, he wasn’t drowning in a bottle.
Xesci. She had shaken him. He was still—angry. Confused. Shaken.
However, his mind was racing.
Hers was a class and level beyond any he’d seen recently. Beyond his, really. The ability to change your form without magic?
He rubbed at his forehead.
“…On the other wing, that wasn’t what Periss could do.”
If she—the real Periss—had really head-butted him, she might have cracked his forehead without a protective Skill or enchantment. So Xesci was only borrowing form, perhaps native ability. Not Skills.
Little potential in war, then. Even if you planted her as a—a—[Saboteur]-type individual, without that class she wouldn’t manage to assassinate a [General]. A [Strategist], maybe.
But to dismiss her was a narrow-minded way of thinking. Ilvriss considered how useful she could be as a [Spy]. As…
He shook his head. Ridiculous. A night worker?
However. He was reminded of another comparison, the one Alrric had made.
She travelled from city to city, even went from the north to the south. She definitely doesn’t fit into classic Drake society.
This meeting had opened up possibilities, and helped him, despite what Brilm and Tasilt may have intended. Ilvriss walked on.
Then he paused.
The lower city of Salazsar was far more crowded. But Salazsar, home to millions, one of the largest cities in the world, still had space. It was ever-expanding. Someday, it would absorb the entire mountain it was built out of.
Thus—you could find yourself alone from time to time. And it seemed he was walking down a street devoid of people.
…His aura had obliterated something. Ilvriss narrowed his eyes. He was a [Lord], and he had been fending off the advances of the people in the brothel. He’d subconsciously broken through some sort of keep-away Skill. He felt the slight urge to walk off and not go down this street.
