8.05 I
Page 22
“For a first client who’s nervous? Maybe it’s even their first time? Yes, actually. I might be more…flirtatious. But at this point I might subtly suggest we be more intimate. Offer to get you something. Sit closer. Move my tail like…”
She made a gesture. Ilvriss coughed.
“Ah. Thank you for your consideration.”
She nodded. Incidentally—Ilvriss was not more attracted to her now than he had been when first entering the brothel. He did like her more, that was certain.
“You were so confident I wouldn’t be interested, though. Were you at all interested?”
He pressed her in time. She smiled. Ilvriss was curious. It wasn’t as if he was…without an ego.
The female Drake eyed him. Then she smiled and chuckled.
“Wall Lord. If I wanted to entice you, this is exactly how I’d do it. Play disinterested and then slowly warm to you. Claim I was entirely fine with not having sex and then let you make me admit how interested I really am.”
He blinked at her. Then flushed red under his scales.
“I—”
I didn’t mean that. But he’d fallen into the trap!
Or not a trap? She was shaking her head. And she’d told him this would have been a trap, proving she wasn’t trying to seduce him, or was this a gambit to actually make him drop his guard twice in order to…
Abruptly, Ilvriss realized he was overthinking this again. If she wanted to seduce him, she could. Mainly because this was a brothel. He sighed.
“I must be tired. I’m…I suppose Tasilt had a point, Miss Xesci. It has been a while. But I—don’t wish to do anything. I think I am tempted, though.”
She nodded.
“Most people are. There is nothing wrong with it. But Wall Lord…I am sure you don’t want me. In that, your friend Brilm was the most wrong.”
He looked at her.
“How do you mean, Xesci?”
“I mean, Wall Lord, that if I am right, you would have been better served with the receptionist—who is, in fact, the third-most requested person here. Or anyone else before me, even Shakra, the Human woman you met.”
“What?”
“Oh yes. Do you think the first thing most returning customers ask isn’t ‘and what about you, Miss’? The management is sometimes clever.”
He smiled again. But he was curious now. And he felt the same niggling feeling at the back of his mind.
There was something…here.
“What would be so wrong with you, Miss Xesci? And if this is a trap to fully seduce me, please let me know.”
She shook her head, looking at him.
“It is not. But I see how I’ve stabbed myself in the leg. Damn. This is why I should watch myself. I’m so conniving when I knit—”
She tossed down the needles, surprising Ilvriss. For a moment her voice changed. He looked at her.
“What do you mean?”
She sighed.
“Curiosity. How did that strange woman put it? ‘Curiosity drives my customers to me. The rest is the truth of what I offer.’ I can see where this is going, Wall Lord. Very well. Since there’s no help for it…please don’t be alarmed. Or do. I…am going to show you something that might upset you.”
He stirred as Xesci got up. She turned, fiddling with her dress, and he uneasily stood.
“Miss Xesci, you needn’t undress. Wait. Are you a Selphid?”
She looked back at him and smiled.
“It would be very amusing if I was, wouldn’t it? No. And don’t…worry…”
The dress came off. Ilvriss saw a bare back and hesitated. He made to avert his gaze from her tail, at least, but nothing amazingly different made itself known in the brief glimpse his mind now had on auto-replay in his mind. Nor did Xesci turn around.
“Wall Lord—this is why I am the most requested here. Also, why you don’t want me.”
