8.05 I
Page 2
They were an odd comparison. Wall Lord Ilvriss was a handsome Drake, one of the most eligible bachelors in the city, even if he’d never really been a target for seduction of late, but still, tall, lean, and thought of as an example for the modern Drake to emulate. His corporation of the Gemscale family was flourishing, he could and had led armies, and was thus good at both economy and war, the two things Salazsar prized.
He had royal purple scales crossed with dark red, and while not being Oldblood, was fairly ideal in most ways.
On the other claw? Shriekblade was shorter, and had more scars than you could count on the visible parts of her body. She was a Named Adventurer and thus famous—but she herself was infamous for being uncontrollable, completely mercenary, willing to switch employers for better pay, and essentially being a walking weapon you pointed at monsters or your enemies.
“Tessa. Is that you?”
Healer Merla stopped in the doorway of her clinic. Shriekblade paused a moment in climbing into the carriage.
“Hello, Healer Merla. I am Tessa.”
Her voice was inflectionless. So much so it made some of the Drakes and Gnolls watching shudder. But Merla just looked concerned.
“You’ve taken too many potions again. When did you last come in for a checkup?”
“Five months ago.”
“Why don’t you stop by tonight?”
“I am employed.”
“Shriek—Adventurer Tessa. I believe Healer Merla should do a routine checkup. I will send her by tonight, Healer.”
“Thank you, Wall Lord.”
Shriekblade didn’t react as she climbed into the carriage. Ilvriss sat as Captain Shieldscale ordered the driver to get the carriage moving. They’d have to climb the tower on foot, but this separated them from the gossip and crowd for a moment.
He sat, Shriekblade sitting across from him, and felt the prickle on his scales even now. Here was danger. Danger under his employ, but still—Shriekblade was a superlative blade expert. He had seen her fight.
“You know Healer Merla and make use of her services, Adventurer Tessa?”
She nodded, once, looking at him then scanning the area for threats, even in the carriage. Shieldscale was riding with the driver.
“She has attempted to treat me. I do not go to her anymore. She cannot help me.”
“I see.”
The female Drake did not respond further. Ilvriss sat back.
He was aware Shriekblade—or Tessa, her infrequently used actual name—was not…well. Well, it was obvious. When she was not stone-faced and impassive, obeying orders with perfect detachment and disinterest, she was moody, dangerous, and nigh-uncontrollable. Her contract actually stipulated Ilvriss provide or pay for numerous Calming Tonics, Draughts of Serenity, Scrolls of Blank Mind, and so on.
But she then took too many and became…this. Well, Ilvriss preferred that to the female Drake who might stab her employer as she had done on six occasions, but neither was ideal.
He cleared his throat for a topic of conversation.
“Your remuneration, Shriekblade…”
“My what?”
“Your pay. I assume it will go straight to the Healer of Tenbault?”
Shriekblade considered this and nodded.
“Yes. I will go to her soon. When I have enough money. She will make me…better.”
A note of some actual emotion flickered in her voice at this. Longing. Ilvriss nodded.
It was all public knowledge to anyone who would ever hire her. Shriekblade charged extortionate fees, but she was afraid of nothing. And when she had saved up a small fortune, she visited the Healer of Tenbault, in the north.
“The…Healer. She seems to cure what ails you, Adventurer. But not permanently.”
“No. But she makes me all better.”
