8.05 I
Page 7
Zelir had always been a fan of Zel Shivertail, not least because they had the same name root. He leaned on his practice sword as Ilvriss demonstrated.
“Well, he knew my sword was leeching his strength with every cut. Frost and Torpor enchantments.”
“Smart. He’s no [Duelist]…was no [Duelist]…how did he take you down, then? It sounds like it was your battle to lose. Yes, he has two claws for one sword, but you have a longsword’s reach and enchantment.”
Ilvriss grimaced.
“That’s what I thought. I touched him about eight times. Guess what he did? He baited me into thinking he was slowing more than I thought. I was wary of course, but then he knocked my blade down. I was ready for him to kick or slash at me. He feinted a kick—then hurled snow into my face with his tail. Next thing I know, he has my sword arm and…well, you can imagine how well I did after that.”
He’d been a training dummy for the next three minutes. He’d refused to let go of his sword, but Zel Shivertail had refused to let go of his arm. Zelir laughed until he caught himself.
“Really? That’s how he got you?”
Ilvriss gave him a wry grin.
“I was furious at the time, as I recall. I refused to surrender. I think I told the Tidebreaker to his face that ‘a [General] does not brawl’.”
“There you are, then. But you’re wiser than you were then. Or you wouldn’t put it like that. And if you did—I’d set you straight.”
Zelir swished his blade. Ilvriss nodded and set himself. They exchanged more blows, pivoting for strikes, and Ilvriss scored a point. He was about matched with Zelir without Skills, but of course, the Drake was more than just his individual ability with the blade.
“Hm. Practice is done. Now, let’s get to actual work.”
The [Weapon Trainer] adjusted his stance. Ilvriss copied him. First the Drake performed a slow strike, then let Ilvriss watch him from the side. The Wall Lord tried to copy the new movement. He moved through the different motions of attack and defense, while Zelir watched, critically.
“You’re progressing through the Llevian school quickly. But you’re going to have to switch and start practicing only in that style soon.”
“How long until then?”
“Mm. One more week. Are you doing those sword cuts…? No, I shouldn’t tell you to do that if you’ve been pushing yourself.”
“I practice at least a hundred times when I can. I won’t slack. Not when it’s my neck on the line.”
Zelir nodded approvingly.
The Llevian school was a sword-style invented by Drakes. It had a completely different approach to combat than, well, the traditionalist methods of attack and defense.
Sword schools, blade arts, were generally Skills one picked up. Deliberately learning and mastering an entire school of fighting wasn’t done. For instance, Zelir hadn’t taught Ilvriss to do that; he’d grounded Ilvriss like he would any basic [Warrior].
It was practicality; the young Wall Lord hadn’t had an entire lifetime to devote to the sword school, which was sometimes what you needed. Why learn to parry this exact way when you could learn to cut, thrust, for whichever method suited the occasion?
Two reasons. The first was that a sword school, a good one, gave you a defense and attack for every occasion. Even so, the polyglot fighting style of most [Warriors] trumped specialization with its strengths and weaknesses.
