8.05 I
Page 47
He folded his arms as his sister glowered. The Wall Lord was discontent, but he felt like trying his luck at the bar now that Sellme was gone and his reputation would be cleared. This—unpleasantness with the [Miners] would be forgotten, and business was booming even without.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
“Hm?”
Rellmel looked up from studying the menu. Grisa was already ordering. She looked around as Rellmel’s personal bodyguard, a Gnoll, urgently whispered to him.
“Lord Rellmel, Wall Lord Ilvriss is approaching the restaurant! We’re moving to intercept, but he has caught the Emera family off-guard! We have to evacuate you now!”
For a second, the Drake didn’t even understand what he was hearing.
“Evacuate me? Ilvriss? Here? What are you talking…”
Grisa was on her feet. Rellmel saw an Emera-family hire, old Vidam, arrive, panting, clutching at his side. And two more he recognized, both Drakes.
All with the same class. The bodyguard was speaking urgently, trying to get Rellmel to understand.
“We thought it was a possibility but—Lord Nerul returned yesterday and he was seen hiring a full negotiation squad. He is coming, Wall Lord—”
Rellmel’s eyes widened as Grisa shot out of her chair past her date.
“Ancestors! Rellmel! He’s gone mad! He’s going to force a negotiation! We have to go—”
The Wall Lord was struggling out of his seat as the three top [Diplomats] and [Emissaries] of House Emera moved towards them. The [Bodyguard] and the other members of the staff present closed ranks as they looked for an exit. But it was too late.
 
—-
 
The doors to The Ancestor’s View were already open, so Nerul had them closed so he could kick them open. It was about style.
Also, shock value. The [Diplomat] strode into the restaurant as people got to their feet. And with him, he had a team of hit-Drakes.
The most dangerous, the most deadly infighters in all of Salazsar were at his back. Each one dangerous alone. With Nerul? House Emera had seen trouble the instant three of them gathered in one place.
Mister Grerre, a contract scroll in hand, more bundled in his arms. Weressna ‘The Sealer’, hobbling along on her cane. Mister Superior, the only Gnoll of the bunch, almost as overweight as Nerul.
The most dangerous posse, yes.
…Not in a fistfight, although Nerul was surprisingly good at fighting and he knew Weressna had a sword-cane, but in their chosen field.
They were [Negotiators]. [Diplomats]. [Contract Sealers].
The class of soft power. The people you sent instead of swords or arrows to use words instead.
People laughed—until they saw what high-level experts with dedicated Skills did.
They didn’t laugh in Salazsar. This was a raid. This was an assault, and as close to war between the Walled Families as it got.
“House Gemscale greets House Emera! Excuse me, Wall Lord Rellmel, Wall Lady Grisa, but we’d like to come to the table regarding an item for sale.”
Nerul bellowed into the silence. He saw the two noble Drakes, trying to get out the back door. The [Bodyguard] tried to block the group of six [Negotiators], but he was useless. He had an enchanted axe, a shield that could have stopped a Grand Elephant on the charge.
The [Diplomat] raised a claw as the Gnoll drew his axe.
“Not one step further or I strike!”
“[Peacekeeper’s Pass]. Sorry, young man. But you’re not going to stop us.”
The [Diplomat] walked past the Gnoll [Bodyguard]. He saw the Gnoll move to strike—with the butt of the axe—
