8.05 I
Page 0

(Trigger Warning. Click here for details.)

 
Wall Lord Ilvriss collapsed during a routine inspection of Mining Shaft #4 currently in the possession of the Gemscale family of Salazsar.
It was, to all present, sudden. One second he was upright, frowning over the adamantine ore recently discovered in this valuable seam. He put a claw to his head, as if with a sudden migraine and then just folded up.
One of the Gnoll [Foremen] caught him before he fell over. The next second there was chaos. Half the people present went running for a [Healer] or grabbed emergency potions—tried to drag Ilvriss to a safe place.
Within minutes, there was a crowd as all work halted. And rumor shot through the city faster than someone could run. People were saying that there was gas in the mining shaft—or that Ilvriss had been poisoned.
Shriekblade, the Named Adventurer currently employed by Ilvriss, didn’t make things any better. She materialized as if springing from a shadow, and drew her enchanted daggers on the Gnoll trying to check for Ilvriss’ pulse.
Until a [Healer] arrived from the Gemscale family and another new adjutant, Captain Shieldscale formerly of Pallass, no one could so much as touch Ilvriss. Shriekblade refused to let even a potion touch him.
Wall Lord Ilvriss came around barely ten minutes later to the huge commotion. The [Healer] didn’t detect either poison or malign magic, but she administered a healing-stamina tonic and he was back on his feet within a minute despite the offers to bear him by litter to the Gemscale family tower.
“I will accept a palanquin when I’ve lost a leg, Foreman Graer, thank you.”
The Wall Lord’s words, and the incident, were all the talk in Salazsar for the rest of the day. Ilvriss himself arrived at the most reputable [Healer] in Salazsar within thirty minutes, taking the time to reassure people he was well and walk at a measured pace.
It didn’t end there, of course.
It never did.
 
—-
 
“Extreme stress and fatigue. When did you last get a full night’s sleep, Wall Lord?”
The [Renowned Tincturist], Merla Topaz, removed her Spectacles of Identification and put them securely in the padded case. She took a seat as the Wall Lord sat up.
“You must be joking, Healer Merla.”
She frowned at him as she went around her cabinets, removing a little paper envelope and slipping some bright, transparent purple pills into it.
“I never do when it comes to medicine, Wall Lord. Stress. Fatigue. I’ve seen it before. Your father never had it, but your grandfather did and countless Wall Lords and Ladies have suffered from the same. Stress, overwork—I wouldn’t have expected you to come down with it. Normally it manifests when a company is failing. And it’s rarer among younger males of any species, but I am not wrong.”
The purple-scaled Drake took a minute to sit there and process it. He couldn’t believe it. Stress? Of all the things…
It was both ignoble and embarrassing. He didn’t even remember fainting, just feeling weak for a moment and then—
“You’re quite sure?”
“Absolutely, Wall Lord.”
“It’s not poison gas? Lack of oxygen? It gets harder to breathe sometimes in the mining shafts…”
The old Drake, who had greying scales but a remarkably healthy body for her age of 80+, sighed. She could have passed for someone twenty years younger, a product of Skills, no doubt.
“If you’d like me to say so, Wall Lord, I will. This is of course confidential, but the city does like to gossip…”
“…No. No, Healer Merla. Thank you for the consideration, but no.”
