8.05 I
Page 49
Grisa hissed at him. The turn of phrase made Ilvriss pause, but he just shook his head.
“Maybe so, Wall Lady. But I insist.”
“And we are right to believe your number is above eight hundred thousand, but below one million. Let’s call it nine hundred thousand gold pieces, hm?”
“My client…is not willing…to sell a value-less item for that much.”
The old Drake, Vidam, was fighting Nerul and the five top-level [Negotiators] with a squad of seven. They’d actually waited for the others to arrive, but Nerul had called on his best friends—including the legendary Mister Superior.
Alrric was sitting next to Ilvriss, as a representative of his company. Vidam was sweating, but Nerul was merciless.
“Nine hundred thousand gold pieces. In your vaults tomorrow. What do you say, Wall Lord Rellmel? You have to know we can’t just walk off. And that’s…nine hundred thousand gold pieces now. Rather than ‘someday’. [Think About It].”
They had used dozens of Skills with overlapping effects. [Everything Has a Price], [See it My Way], [Sweeter Deal]—
“Do we have confirmation this is a genuine Potion of Regeneration? Excuse me, I’d like a [Fact Check] here.”
Mister Superior was taking on two Drakes at another table. They gulped and Grisa blurted out before anyone could stop her.
“Of course we have one! It’s only one third full, but—”
Ilvriss stirred. Vidam snapped his claw and Grisa’s mouth shut, but it was too late. Nerul stirred.
“I think that just kicked down the value to…three hundred thousand gold pieces. And you know that even if you’ve stored it properly, a third isn’t enough, Wall Lord. We’re talking damaged goods, here. You want to sit on that? Or a nice…three hundred thousand? You could live like a [King] for an entire year on that. You and your sister. And this all can end.”
Rellmel was sweating. It was also the pressure that got to you at this table. Ilvriss had known hard Drakes, who lived and died fighting.
Even so. There was something unnerving about someone who refused to blink, or stop staring at you. Yes, you could try to win the staring contest.
You would lose. Weressna was blowing smoke into a younger Drake’s face; the [Mediator] actually had tears in her eyes.
Nerul was playing nice. Some of his cohort were just staring down the lesser [Negotiators] and winning the battle of wills.
As he said, sometimes he spent three months sweet-talking, sometimes he strode in with fire and thunder.
There would be consequences. And Ilvriss, at that moment, as he saw Rellmel’s mouth open and Grisa whirl, decided to step in. Nerul had said not to, but it was time.
“Five—six hundred thousand.”
Nerul glanced up. He shot Ilvriss a warning look and poked him with his tail.
“Ilvriss, I can get—”
“I know, Uncle. But I want to at least try to make this…less painful. Six hundred thousand for a third-full Potion of Regeneration. Well, Rellmel?”
He looked across the table. Vidam rose, swaying.
“[A Moment of R—]”
Weressna tapped her cane on the ground and stopped his Skill with hers silently. Rellmel gasped.
“Yes. Fine! Damn the potion!”
Ilvriss exhaled. He saw Nerul nod, and Vidam collapsed on the table, ashen-grey. His people surged around him. Grisa stared at Ilvriss as the Drake with contracts unfurled the scroll. He had just written the number in magical ink.
“And we are ready to sign. Wall Lord?”
He offered it to Ilvriss, then Rellmel. The Drake wrote with a shaking claw as Ilvriss sighed. Alrric exhaled.
“It will be sent tonight. I have the sum prepared.”
