8.05 I
Page 40
“I’m a better adventurer when I take them. I follow orders. I don’t like doing this when I’m not on them.”
“Even so. Would you consider refraining from taking them unless needed?”
The Drake stared at Ilvriss. She actually walked around him, peering at him. Eventually, she nodded.
“You’re strange. Alright. When we spar, I can’t hurt you permanently. But I can hit you.”
“I think I will specify ways we might fight. For instance, bare-claws. Or you could simulate a…rapier.”
“I can use that.”
“Captain Shieldscale may want to learn, if one can learn.”
He was going to find out how he’d fare against a real high-level opponent without artifacts or backup. Ilvriss’ stomach began to hurt. He hoped he’d level. Shriekblade’s eyes flickered.
“I can hit her too?”
“Under controlled—”
“Got it, got it. Can I bite?”
“What?”
 
—-
 
The next morning, Ilvriss lay in bed as the sun rose.
He was….physically…healed. But his ego and body had taken a beating. He shuddered.
You could dislocate someone’s arm and that was not permanent damage if an expert did it to you. Allegedly.
Was there a point to it? He was already trying to rationalize why another sparring session was a bad idea. But the problem was…Shriekblade was an expert.
“You have a gap—here.”
Then she kicked him in the groin. He curled up at the memory. She’d spotted a weakness in his guard. One that maybe Zelir had spotted or pointed out. Either way?
Ilvriss would never make the same mistake after Shriekblade pointed it out.
And yet, she seemed almost happy. How did he know?
“You not getting up?”
“No. Please close the door.”
The Named Adventurer was having breakfast in his residence. Ilvriss lay there.
“Never again. It’s just self-flagellation. I don’t need to do it.”
He muttered to himself. The hard part—the difficult part was—
He’d damn well leveled up last night. The Drake moaned internally. It was probably mending ties with his uncle, or progressing his understanding of Xesci’s class. Levels were cumulative effort over time! You couldn’t attribute it to the final day of—
The door opened.
“I get to spar with you tonight?”
“Yes. Captain Shieldscale first.”
“Awesome.”
He hid under the blankets as the door closed again. He was at least glad that someone was happy. What would Erin say?
…She’d be laughing too hard to talk about now. But he thought she would also have approved, even if she hadn’t worded it this way. Shriekblade…he felt for the Named Adventurer. She was not Xesci, who, despite everything, seemed in control of herself.
Ilvriss was wondering if he could justify wearing armor—or at least, a codpiece—when he noticed something on his bedroom floor. He must have forgotten it after Shriekblade dumped him in his home and he crawled into bed.
The [Message]. Ilvriss slowly exited the bed, feeling phantom pain with every step. He crawled on the floor to the [Message], picked it up, and read it. It was all so—
 
—-
 
Shriekblade felt good today. It was such a rare feeling when she hadn’t recently been to the Healer of Tenbault she kept expecting it to go away. She had an appetite and everything, even if the Gnoll serving her kept glaring at her.
She got to punch her employer, and he hadn’t even told her to sleep with him. This was a good job. And that annoying blue Drake. She was looking forwards to that, even if the day was going to be dead b—
Ilvriss kicked the door to his bedroom open and strode out.
“Shriekblade! With me!”
The Named Adventurer was already on her feet. Ilvriss was striding across the room.
“Wall Lord? Is everything alright? Breakfast—”
“Send it to the company headquarters!”
