8.05 I
Page 50
It was done. Grisa never looked away from Ilvriss as Nerul and the other [Negotiators] rose to raid the bar, already congratulating each other.
“You have made a terrible mistake.”
“Perhaps so, Lady Grisa. But I need it.”
“For what? You’re not hurt. Unless—Zail? Helessia?”
He met her gaze without replying. He rose, as Rellmel sat back, white under his scales. Wall Lord Ilvriss stepped back, and spoke to Alrric.
“Cover the costs of this for the restaurant. My deepest apologies. The food used—tips for the staff. All generous. And my Uncle and his friends drink whatever they want tonight. On me.”
“That’s a mighty tab, Ilvriss.”
The Gnoll murmured. Ilvriss nodded.
“Less than what I spent on the potion.”
“True. And what do I do with that?”
Ilvriss straightened. He felt light. He left Grisa behind, ignoring her threats. He walked with Alrric.
“Send word to Lyonette in Liscor. To the Horns of Hammerad. Tell them to wait. And tell them—I have what they want.”
It would cost him. It had cost him. But if it was just payment…he was Wall Lord Ilvriss.
He’d settle the bill.
 
—-
 
He had done what he could for Erin Solstice. The Potion of Regeneration was away within the hour, with a full escort. Not Shriekblade—she was with him, but happy since she’d thrashed both him and Captain Shieldscale and gotten to cause chaos and watch it unfold.
The Horns might not even need to dare a death zone. Ilvriss hoped it would do what was needed.
But it was the Necromancer who remained. He stood, with Captain Shieldscale, no, Osthia Blackwing, in front of Xesci.
“[Detect Life] is the easiest check. But you can fool even [Detect Lies] or [Detect Truth]. If you are a high-enough level [Mage]. Isn’t that so?”
“Yes. Ancestors and dead fucking gods, but I could do that. But this?”
The magical artifact draped over Xesci’s head changed colors with her mood, with the truth. A more advanced ‘crown’ that revealed a complexity of meaning. Ilvriss hoped it was enough to ‘tell’ whether a person was real, or a puppet.
“You are not an agent of any power, or controlled by an influence besides your own, Xesci. Is that true?”
He had asked a dozen times, a dozen different ways.
“No.”
Ilvriss and Osthia studied the lights. She pointed to one.
“There’s something here.”
The [Courtesan] shivered. Shriekblade twitched. Ilvriss held his breath. They’d tested Shriekblade, Osthia, himself, and the last of the members in this room of five. The five who would form the heart of this operation. If any of them owed allegiance to someone else—they were dead.
Shriekblade had been the biggest gamble, really. But Nerul had told Ilvriss he could stop her from attacking long enough to raise the alarm.
It was ingenious. Send a [Diplomat] at an [Assassin] and you could actually stall even her. For a time.
“I….have ties to the Sisters of Chell, I suppose? No one else.”
Ilvriss watched the colors light up. Truth. A slight hesitation—
“No one else besides individuals or friends, yes?”
“Yes.”
Truth, more accurately reflected.
“I think she’s good, Wall Lord.”
Osthia exhaled. Ilvriss nodded at last and the [Courtesan of Change] sagged. He helped her remove the diadem.
“That’s it then.”
The portly Drake stood. Nerul. He looked sick.
“Az’kerash lives. And he’s got agents…”
“Named Adventurers. Regrika Blackpaw was one. Anyone could be under his sway. We don’t know his forces. We don’t know his preparations. What I do know is that he’s alive and he killed Zel Shivertail. And Periss.”
The room was silent. Shriekblade scratched at one earhole.
“Huh. Am I supposed to know this?”
