8.05 I
Page 36
He sat back and ordered dessert. Ilvriss stayed a while telling him the more easy things to talk about in Liscor.
“And you didn’t bring me back a cake? Or how to make this gelato? Ice cream?”
The Drake was outraged. Ilvriss found himself more at ease with Nerul—he remembered hating the Drake’s guts. He could see why.
The Ilvriss of today smiled.
“I’ll have my [Chef] send over both recipes to yours, Uncle. Also—mayonnaise.”
“Young Ilvriss, if I thought people could never change for the better, you’ve proved me wrong.”
Nerul seized his claw and smiled. They parted like that.
Warily, Ilvriss thought. Nerul was exceptionally clever. He made you think you were his best friend, regardless of what he felt. He had to be wondering what had inspired Ilvriss to change.
Ilvriss just wondered if a [Diplomat] of his level had more tricks Ilvriss—who had thought in terms of armies and military strength or economic—had never thought of.
Soft power.
 
—-
 
It was an extraordinarily soft bed after all. Ilvriss poked it gingerly. Then he sat.
“I—hope I haven’t disturbed The Drake’s Pearl too much, Miss Xesci?”
She shrugged.
“It was an incident, but no one was hurt or bothered. They’re more curious about why you came back. They think—well, you can imagine.”
She nodded to the closed door. Ilvriss nodded. He began to speak, but she went first.
“I think I have to apologize to you, Wall Lord. I…acted in bad faith yesterday. I didn’t realize how manipulative the knitting-Drake was. She was a creepy bitch. Sorry. It’s the new body.”
The [Courtesan] was different today. Feet up on the second chair; it was why he had the bed. Lounging in a chair.
“And you are…?”
She scratched at her neck-spines and sighed.
“A coworker. She’s a bit—prickly. I was trying her out, but I don’t think it fits. Better than yesterday, though. That other Drake had a temper.”
Periss always did. Ilvriss nodded warily.
“These…forms. They influence your personality?”
“Oh yes. And it can be bad.”
“How so?”
The Drake sighed and sat forwards, resting her elbows on her knees, hunched over, a completely different posture than the other two people she’d been.
“Well? You saw how I was getting into playing mind games with you. That’s an extreme example; but each personality is different. Most people are the same, but some are…unexpected. Even to me. I might be overly timid—or aggressive. Or worse. You can imagine.”
Ilvriss thought of Shriekblade and nodded slowly.
“You have an extraordinary class, Miss Xesci. I suppose I’ve come back to talk more. Process…yesterday.”
“I’m sorry, again. And I will be more honest.”
She nodded at him. He adjusted his seat; he felt like the bed was trying to swallow him rear-first.
“About your ability. You said you can mimic people within two feet of your height. And you saw Periss in me. Can you…see more faces?”
The woman hesitated. She glanced at the door and then Ilvriss.
“Wall Lord, normally I assure you that nothing said or done here is leaked. No watch-spells, no peep holes. And I keep my mouth shut. Can I ask you to do the same?”
He inclined his head. She waited.
“Yes.”
Xesci exhaled. She ran a claw through her neck spines again.
“The trouble with being a loudmouth is…argh. Fine. I blame Reta’s poor impulse-control. Yes, I see other faces. If I look at you? I can see old flames. Not your mother. Or your sister. I know you have them; I can’t tell. It’s about…interest.”
“Ah.”
“Sexual. I note who you’ve at least had sexual encounters with, or even desire—”
“Yes, thank you.”
“Just making sure you can tell.”
Ilvriss folded his arms, feeling defensive.
