8.05 I
Page 39
At first he was angry. He looked at the drink in the cup. He’d promised. But damn it, it was one drink. He just wished it were different.
A bit of faerie flower in the cup…
The liquid stopped against his pressed lips. He felt like a ghost was holding them closed.
It was so easy to believe Xesci’s lies. Not the one she’d told him, but her changing form. To believe for a moment and let yourself…be. Even if they were gone. Even if it had never happened.
He felt a hand on his shoulder. Was it a claw or Human fingers? He tried to listen.
Shriekblade. What would she have said if he’d related that event to her, while sitting at a table? She would have said…
Wall Lord…
No. Wait. She would never have said that. What would she have said? Have done?
He did not know her. But he tried to be like Xesci.
Ilvriss stared at his claw as it carefully set down the tumbler.
Erin Solstice carefully tugged away the glass of the bad juice from Wall Lord Ilvriss. She put it on the table—pushed it to the edge—then turned to face him. She put her hands on her hips. And then…
The Drake saw the same claw rise. And—
 
—-
 
Yern was telling the other Drake staff to shut up.
“No one will be blabbing about that Drake in his quarters. He stormed out—nothing happened, no? And if one of you lies, I know it will be one of you and I will dangle you out of the tower by your tails.”
Chastened, they nodded. Yern sighed. Then she heard a sound.
Smack.
She glanced back into the sitting room.
“Wall Lord?”
He was lying half sprawled out of his chair. He rubbed at his cheek.
“That will be all, Miss Yern. I slipped.”
She stared at him and nodded slowly. The loss of Miss Perris had really taken a toll.
Now he was punching himself?
 
—-
 
Okay, maybe too much channeling Erin Solstice. Ilvriss rubbed at his face. And he wasn’t sure if she would have done that.
But now—thinking of her—he regretted what he’d snapped at Shriekblade.
What is wrong with you?
What was wrong with the people who’d employed her? He slowly stood up.
“Miss Shriekblade. Are you decent?”
“No.”
He took a chance and opened the doors. She was hiding in a corner, facing the wall, curled up onto her knees.
“I guess I’m wrong again.”
“I…apologize, Miss Shriekblade. For what I said earlier.”
She half-glanced at him.
“What was that?”
“I—shouldn’t have insulted you. Nor was I aware other employers of yours had acted so…wrongly. Criminally, perhaps.”
“They paid me. I do anything.”
“Yes. You should not.”
“I just want money. I’ll leave now.”
She stood to go. Ilvriss hesitated.
“Adventurer Shriekblade. I called you here to ask if you were willing to…replace Master Zelir. Or at least test me without breaking my arm and show me what a real ambush or battle would be like.”
She looked at him. Either the Calming Tonic was wearing off, or the moment had snapped her out of her former state. She spoke, incredulously.
“You want me to hit you? With swords, knives, needles?”
“Not…fatally. But I need to improve. So, if you were willing to—”
“I would get to hit my employer?”
“Without doing permanent damage.”
He stressed that. Shriekblade nodded.
“But I’d get to hit you?”
“Under controlled situations…”
“Wow.”
She stared at him. Then she nodded. Ilvriss felt like he’d made a mistake already. But he stopped her as they began to leave.
“Adventurer Shriekblade…Miss Tessa. That incident in the bedroom. I do mean what I said. You should not have been put in that situation, your…willingness aside. Nor do I think, in light of that, it is wise for you to rely on those potions.”
She looked at him.
