8.05 I
Page 23
The Drake clapped her claws and the room went dark. The magical light spell was programmed to turn off when someone did that, apparently.
Ilvriss’ claw was on his sword when he heard the two claps again. He was tensed, his other claw ready to trigger a spell from one of his rings.
If this had been a trap—
But she would have gotten him naked without his rings or equipment if it was, surely. He looked around—but the Drake was alone.
Standing where she had been. But not the same. She was facing him. He hesitated, but she was clothed. She wore…
…
…
…
…Armor. The Wall Lord saw what might have been enchanted leather. Snug, secure. Not enchanted. But it should have been.
Her scales had changed color. The Drake was taller. Her scales were light blue. She had a scar on her forearm.
He knew that. He looked up.
She was younger. She was no longer ordinary, indistinguishable from a thousand faces. He knew this face. He knew this Drake.
She stared at him, then at her body. Her arms were muscular. A [Soldier]’s arms. She had once killed a Wyvern by herself.
She—
It was Periss. The Drake looked exactly like her.
It was Periss, down to every line of her. But the armor wasn’t enchanted. She carried no weapon. But it was P—
Ilvriss drew his sword. The Drake backed up.
“Wall Lord—”
“What did you do? What did you do?”
The fake Periss backed up. Ilvriss stared at her. That was her. Every inch of her. Every bit of her he remembered, the parts he had started to forget, realized in perfect detail.
But it was not her.
“Has someone drawn a weapon in the room? Our sensor went off. Excuse us, Wall L—”
The door burst open. The Drake’s Pearl had a security system in place. The bouncer and fake receptionist stopped as they saw Ilvriss.
“Oh no. Not again. Xesci—”
“Wall Lord, please lower the sword.”
“Wall Lord Ilvriss, put your b—”
Ilvriss pointed the sword at the [Bouncer]’s face. The Gnoll was probably good. But Ilvriss was wearing his full equipment and his sword—both of them stopped.
“What. Did. You. Do? An illusion no—what are you doing? Stop it! Undo—”
He was beginning to shout as more people gathered, more of the staff hurried forwards. But before he could—the voices shouting in his head—
Periss, Xesci, stepped forwards and grabbed his arm. With the other hand she grabbed his ring-hand. Then—she head-butted him.
Ilvriss hadn’t been expecting that. His head rang as the Drake let go. He hadn’t let go of the sword, but she pointed down at him as he tensed.
“Get ahold of yourself, Wall Lord! This is a Skill! Or have you taken leave of your senses?”
She snapped. He froze.
It was her voice. And that instinctive reaction to—he looked up. The Drake folded her arms.
“Drop the sword and I’ll explain. If you’re too addled to think, the staff will have to beat you down and tie you up until you listen. And it won’t be the tenth time either.”
She looked at him. The voice, mannerisms—Ilvriss dropped the sword.
“Tell me.”
 
—-
 
“I am a [Courtesan of Change]. High-level. Each time, I become someone either I or my client has met. It affects my personality too, so please excuse me.”
The Drake sat in a chair, military-straight. Unlike the plain Drake of before, Periss—
No, Xesci was direct, forthright, even aggressive. This was how Periss treated subordinates—or idiots. It wasn’t the relationship she’d had with Ilvriss in private.
He was almost grateful of that. Because she was so much like Periss it hurt.
“Can you—can you change to another?”
