8.06 RT
Page 31
Wow. That was a lot of fun. Seriously. He tried to figure out how long it had been…but he’d left the Redfang camps on his mission and it was an all-male team that Garen had appointed, to prevent fights…and then he’d been at the inn….
Not that you couldn’t deal with it yourself, but you forgot there were better options. Anyways. He lay there for a while.
This was a nice place. He was having a good time. The Goblin smiled to himself.
He was having an adventure.
 
—-
 
It was an enduring trait among Humans that never ceased to amaze. What was different was hated, reviled—or exotic and sexual.
It had once been speculated that Humans had attempted to mate with every species in the world—and many non-species. Not every race did that. But the Human method to success seemed to be—‘if you couldn’t beat it, see if it could reproduce’.
And if that seemed like a generalist statement, a judgment inherently speciesist or racist—well, he agreed. And he’d seen a lot of Human proclivity in his lifetime.
Eldavin was propositioned for sex the third day he was at Wistram academy. It took him hindsight, and the third go-around, to realize that had been what the young woman had been intimating.
“Children!”
He was appalled. His true nature aside, the Dragon—half-Elf—was still old for a half-Elf! By rights, they should assume he was three hundred years old, at least! But that young half-Elf—of the Centrist faction—had been barely seventy.
Scandalous. But it was a truism of power as well. When someone like Eldavin showed up, established powers tried to do everything to find a weakness or hold on him.
Blackmail, sex, and so on.
Eldavin considered it meant he was having an impact. He reclined in one of the largest series of rooms in Wistram, a far cry from the shabby place where he’d first been quartered, sipping from a complimentary brandy gifted to him.
He’d forgotten what it was like to be inebriated. The half-Elf sighed.
“Ah, the foibles of the flesh.”
But not sex. He was still Teriarch inside, and his experience informed ‘Eldavin’. Indeed, he was today already plotting how to expand the new faction that had arisen around him.
Not just him. Fortune had put Archmage Valeterisa in his way. She was faction-less too, and it had been a stroke of luck that they could agree to form a new body of power.
Of all the Archmages, she reminded him most of the old sort. Academic. Uninterested in politics for their own sake. Pursued by quite laudable ambition to learn magic.
Ruthless, of course; he’d inquired about her. But quite humble compared to the other ‘Archmages’. She’d asked him to share knowledge and he had reciprocated, pretending not to be as learned as he really was—just extremely so for this day and age.
Thus, the two had formed the base of the new political faction. The, ah…Terras faction of Wistram, which had no relation to anyone’s name, was ostensibly one based around the old name of Earth. Terra. Also, the word in the old language.
Earth. Grounded. Sensible, pragmatic.
And it spoke to the new world now entering this one. Teriarch hummed softly to himself.
 
—-
 
On the second day, the Archmage of Izril, Eldavin, and a number of new [Mages] who could be trusted had been told of the great secret of Earth.
A [High Mage] on the Council itself had told them in secrecy, a Garuda. He had refrained from even telling Grand Magus Erkika; Wistram had taken precedence over the bonds of species.
The old Garuda had stirred as a globe of Earth was brought in. He stared, uncomprehendingly, at the planet. Then—pictures, taken from the iPhones, computers, electronics.
