8.06 RT
Page 30
The Spring’s Warden, bemused, took up the pitching mound. She…bullied him a bit. Or tried to. Her fastball dipped with the wind. Rabbiteater whiffed twice—then sent it flying high and up.
He grinned at her. The Spring’s Warden smiled despite herself.
 
—-
 
They had forgotten, for a moment, that he was a [Champion]. The Fall’s Sentinel knew the class. But he didn’t realize how Goblins saw the class.
Champion was champion. And Rabbiteater, amiable, willing to walk into the kitchen and peel potatoes as much as shoot arrows with a Worker on the roof, had absorbed a bunch of things.
“Checkmate.”
The old [Knight] stared down at the board and then up at the Goblin’s invisible grin behind his helmet. Rabbiteater had enjoyed that. Erin had made him play with her, but it was no fun playing the freaks in her inn. They were all experts—even the Fall’s Sentinel was an easier opponent than Erin’s chess club.
The Knights of the Autumn murmured in surprise as the Fall’s Sentinel looked at the board in dismay. Someone commented.
“He’s quite good.”
“I know. And he knows other games, Fall’s Sentinel.”
Meisa broke in before Ser Markus could. She seemed even more proud than he was—the Knight of Izril had depths. Because of the inn. The legacy and astonishment carried on.
 
—-
 
To today. A Hobgoblin’s smile. And—Dame Meisa slipping out of his rooms before dawn, as Talia went to wash from her cleaning duties.
“A spring’s romance.”
Dame Talia jumped. Someone else had observed the moment which had driven her to fury. She had nearly gone after Dame Meisa—but the huge figure stopped her.
The Summer’s Champion had gone for a morning, twenty-mile run and was covered in sweat. He glanced at her.
“I put Ser Solstice as the Season of Summer myself, Dame Talia. Of all our Seasons, I believe he is mine. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“He is not of our order, Summer’s Champion!”
The man frowned at her and she mastered her tongue.
“If he was, I would claim him, Dame Talia. And if he is—Spring and summer complement each other. Spring invigorates summer, and it is a good match. A passing thing, but why do you frown?”
“You know why.”
He raised his brows.
“If it were any other pair of [Knights], no one would remark on a thing.”
“That is because this is different, Summer’s Champion! It is not—simple—”
He nodded as she struggled for words. He had a towel around his neck and was bare-chested, sweating profusely. That did not bother her, but the sweat dried abruptly. He turned to face her.
“No, it is not, Dame Talia. But you seem to see all that is negative while I choose to do the opposite. I punished you. Do you seek to change your season?”
“No, Summer’s Champion. But I will not ask for forgiveness. I acted as I thought was best.”
She lifted her chin, and he nodded.
“Nor would I ask you to change your season. You and I disagree, but I would never deny that you were of my order. Summer’s heat. Summer fades, but we keep to our opinions, don’t we?”
She didn’t reply. His eyes studied her. And they were as merciless as the blazing summer’s day for a moment.
“Still, Dame Talia. Between you and me—that you told me and Calirn of Ser Solstice’s nature? Knowing he might suffer or die because of whom he was, after all he had done? That was a move as cold as snow.”
He turned and walked off, leaving her at a loss for words. She stomped off to take a bath and it became a hot tub. Literally.
The Order of Seasons had a new [Knight] in its midst. A Goblin. He lay on his back.
