8.06 RT
Page 35
He wasn’t, er, a nurturing teacher. Even Gazi had more patience than Eldavin, and she was arguably kinder, which was amazing to Trey.
However, Eldavin was clearly a genius. In the end, he demonstrated five [Fireballs], producing them and letting them hover to the class, even [Mages] peeking in.
“This is what I meant. Observe the formation of each one. New students, you can’t see the flow of magic, but watch this one form in slow motion. This is your ‘standard’ [Fireball], which forms using the weave-formation.”
Strands of fire knitted themselves together in a swirling mass, like yarn. Teriarch nodded at it.
“Not the most potent, but more difficult to dispel due to the formation, which it was why it is adopted. You see—the compression style fireball can explode, which is why it was dropped; new [Mages] suffered accidents. But it is quicker, more powerful, or at least, more variable in strength, and easier to actually cast. No wonder [Fireball] is considered a higher mark in spellcasting if you are all learning weave-style [Fireballs]!”
He showed them a huge ball of fire compressing down smaller. A first-year student raised a hand.
“You mean, the other ones are easier, Grand Magus?”
He stared at her and she flinched, but the half-Elf nodded.
“Of course, young woman! You are a Level…12 [Mage]? I see. Well, you could cast a set-style [Fireball] within the week. Woven-style is far harder.”
“Me?”
She squeaked. The Grand Magus shrugged.
“Set-style—the largest one, here—is uncompressed, unwoven. It’s just…fire. But if I wanted to have a group of spellcasters throw [Fireball] in a week, I’d teach them that. Nevertheless, knowing how to vary a spell is one of the fundamentals in a battle. For instance, a [Spellcut Warrior] can hack apart any cheap spell, but a woven-style [Fireball] or the link-style ones would give him trouble…but do you need to use it in other circumstances? I posit no, but the standardization of magical spells…let’s all practice compression, shall we? With the [Candle] spell if you can’t cast [Fireball].”
Trey’s head was spinning after the two hour-long class, and he saw the same expression on other students. But he felt like he’d learned something.
You could link two spells together and combine, like, [Fireball] and [Water Orb] into ‘one’ spell if you knew the right containment procedures. Then have them detonate in tandem. Imagine the possibilities!
Valeterisa had been the only [Mage] who seemed to know everything Eldavin had been talking about. But the surprising part had been at the end.
“I was shocked to learn that the Archmage’s histories weren’t being taught along with magical theory. Necromancy is outlawed here. Yet, students, the Archmages existed. The Archmagi of Death have always been part of Wistram—with uneasy history at time, yes. But the same can be said for many schools of magic.”
Eldavin had begun talking about Az’kerash. Three Terandrians and two Izrilians had actually left at that time, but even more students had come to listen. Eldavin spoke—then conjured an illusion.
“Archmage Perril Chandler was once considered the greatest [Mage] of his time to come from Terandria. A bulwark against the famous Zelkyr and the strength of Golems that made the Walled Cities a feared world power as well. In lieu of this war in Terandria, I am reminded of another time the Dawn Concordat was pushed to the brink. There—the Archmage of Death stood in front of an army of four hundred thousand and dared them to a battle.”
