8.06 RT
Page 36
His illusion spells made you feel as if you were there. The classroom changed, and desks and walls became sky and boulders. There was even smell, which no [Mage] had ever included in a spell to Trey before.
He heard the roar of battle, panting. The Archmage stood there.
Before he was the Necromancer, Perril Chandler looked more like a [Duelist]. It was almost like the King of Duels.
People were vanishing into spell circles. He turned, pushing a woman gently away. He set himself against a vast army in a narrow pass of stone, where blood had already been spilled with ranks of warriors wearing gold. They cheered him.
“Chandler! Archmage!”
Eldavin stopped the moment and walked among them. The audience, disbelieving, especially those of Terandria, stared at the man’s back.
“Here, he fought.”
It was like Eldavin had been there. Perhaps he had, or watched. But ranks of [Soldiers] charged as undead rose.
Undead. Fallen warriors, skeletons, and spells exploded across both lines as the Archmage took on an entire army, forcing them to fight in this pass.
They thought they could overwhelm him. But the golden [Knights] and the Archmage refused to give ground, and for every warrior that fell—an undead rose.
“The Thronebearers of Calanfer. This is the hour he was called the Undying Shield of Calanfer. This is the hour when he was truly called Archmage of Death.”
Trey watched as the man fought. He had never known it, but Perril Chandler had fought with wand and rapier in hand. He danced in the fighting, using [Flash Step] to move in and run opponents through even as he cast magic.
“The Necromancer never used a blade!”
One student protested. Trey had almost forgotten they were there. Eldavin watched as Perril Chandler blasted a foe with ice from his wand and then parried an arrow. His eyes were nostalgic.
“Oh yes, but he did. He never had the class, but he was considered a magical duelist on par with any other. See?”
He pointed.
There was a golden bell. The kind of thing that people had copied, when he was still beloved.
Undead rose and died and rose again. But it was the golden [Knights] who fought, grimly determined. Lower-level, but in one dramatic scene, an arrow shot by a high-level archer struck the Archmage and he fell against a rock. A Thronebearer held a shield over him as the Archmage clutched at the arrow.
“This was the scene that defined the battle. That those with scrying spells saw. The Thronebearers of Calanfer have always risen in dark hours the further they were pushed. When kingdom stood on the line…”
They charged after that. The Archmage too. He was running out of mana. [Knight] after knight died—
But they rose. And this time it was Draug. A giant made out of the dead, which was brought down at great cost. The mortal army wavered as the Archmage fought forwards. More of the people fell around him.
Yet. They had his back, even after they died. When it was done, the vast army was in flight, and the Archmage stood alone as reinforcements from the rear finally arrived to hold the gap.
When it was done, no one knew quite what to say. Valeterisa’s eyes were shining. But some of the students seemed unsettled by the heroic account of the Necromancer. Eldavin clapped his hands, briskly.
“In those hours, on that day, I believe Perril Chandler leveled up more than any Archmage has in the century plus since. Adversity breeds strength, students. That is your lesson. It may be your death. But to strive for greatness, the peak of magic, is to walk with it. Do not think a [Warrior] risks death more than a mage.”
