8.06 RT
Page 9
He was also fond of books, and thus had a warded bookcase that prevented frost from damaging it. Some of the ornaments were not for him; he possessed thick, furred blankets made of Wilwolf fur from the north. They were for his guests.
Of course, Summer Knights and younger visitors liked to pretend the cold didn’t affect them. However, only one of the top members of the order could really sit in the cold without feeling it. Talia was already beginning to shiver. She tried to establish her aura, but this place was Knight-Commander Calirn’s and only sheer stubbornness kept her from using the furs.
He indicated them and she reluctantly took one. The Knight-Commander sat there, and then stood. He did not pace, but rather, held still.
Winter was like that. Spring was action and life and youth. Calirn had learned to stand as still as a snowman in a blizzard. His order was made of lone wolves, who had to sometimes ambush foes—although the ethics of that were always under debate.
While he thought, he held still, regarding the books on his shelves. Among them was a history of major cataclysms that had struck Terandria, a must-read for someone who protected his region and crusaded against threats like that.
Goblin Kings featured in the book, four times. And that was the quantifiable past the [Historian] had been able to find; time erased so much, as did the fall of vast empires. Even now, a treasure worth as much as any relic was a history book magically preserved tens of thousands of years after it had been written.
He was of two minds about this news. Ser Solstice, a Hobgoblin in disguise? The first was uncertainty. The dangers of having a…monster…or a monstrous race at the least among Terandrians was not lost on him. However. The second part of him argued with even that sentiment.
“To my understanding, my instincts, and what I have heard, Dame Talia Kallinad, that Hobgoblin is a [Knight]. Is that so?”
Talia hesitated.
“…I believe so, Knight-Commander. A basic [Appraisal] spell could tell the truth of it.”
Calirn did not need one. He was a high-level [Knight] and he recognized his class. He’d sensed some subtleties of difference with Ser Solstice, but put it down to the cultural differences between continents and how their [Knights] were trained and raised.
He nodded.
“But he is a [Knight].”
“And a Goblin.”
Dame Talia sat there, clearly unhappy. She’d put the fur blanket over herself, but she looked deeply troubled. Calirn nodded. He sat back down and looked at her.
“Then, Dame Talia. Why did you see fit to reveal his nature to me? A [Knight]’s vow of secrecy you swore to uphold is a matter of honor.”
He met her gaze with his cool, frosty eyes. She paled—then flushed suddenly. The air warmed around her.
“Knight-Commander! I would have kept his secret at any cost! But after the battle with the Bear-General—”
“Whom he singlehandedly beat in a duel, to allow you and the others to escape.”
Talia hesitated.
“—but I saw his face. Knight-Commander, I respect the honor of my class and fellow [Knights]! But he is a Goblin.”
And that was the heart of it. Talia sat there as Calirn leaned back.
She felt betrayed. Betrayed, by the truth of Ser Solstice, which had impelled her to come here. The Knight-Commander’s disapproval rankled at her.
If he had been a Gnoll, a disgraced Drake—any number of things, she would have kept that secret. But a Goblin? She had admired Ser Solstice. Now?
She didn’t know what to think. She had fought Goblins. Who was Ser Solstice? A strange Goblin, pretending to be a [Knight]? An agent in disguise?
