8.06 RT
Page 5
His only weakness was being captured, but the canny [Prince] had long-since learned how to pick his battles. His Wing of Shame would haunt Ailendamus in every major battle to come.
 
—-
 
…Anyways, that was the scene. If you didn’t care about the war, or didn’t care for historical battles, it was probably all boring nonsense.
Knight-Commander Calirn paid attention because the Dawn Concordat were right next to Pheislant and he had no love for Ailendamus. But life moved on.
The Singer of Terandria, whom he had once seen, was putting out songs about the war. Desonis had a minor scandal as one of their Earls returned and was stripped of some of his land for insulting their Queen to her face.
A party in Nomaudrel had gone really wrong, and sixteen servants were dead. The hostess, a young [Duchesss], might actually be stripped of her title or lands—the nobility objected to such stringent measures, but the crown, mindful of the reaction of the commonfolk…
So it went. This was Terandria! Politics and the Hundred Families and Human kingdoms were not all one thing. The news reported on Ailendamus because it was the big war of the moment, along with the one in Chandrar with the King of Destruction.
However, only a few other parties had gotten dragged into the mix. There had been one incident with a force of [Knights] belonging to the Order of Seasons being captured at sea.
Calirn had been furious about that. But Ailendamus had promised to ransom them, claiming they had refused to surrender at first during the blockade. And again—it wasn’t the kind of thing that justified taking the Order of Seasons to war.
What had made the Knight-Commander smile was that the [Knights] escaped, even apparently managing to down a famous [General] along the way! A bad look for Ailendamus, especially since the [Knights] swore under truth spell that they had refused to heed the codes of honor and war. Ailendamus’ crown promised to investigate…
Small potatoes? Satisfying potatoes. Calirn had especially wanted to greet the [Knights] after their long journey home, because they had ridden to battle with Ser Raim and…well, failed to see the Stitch Witch dead. But all things being equal, he would not have counted it as a momentous occasion.
Except that they brought a friend. A fellow [Knight], hailing from Izril.
The Goblin Slayer. Or—Ser Solstice.
And he was a Goblin.
 
—-
 
The return of the group of Spring and Summer Knights to the Order of Seasons was a cause for celebration. The gates were thrown open as they were spotted, and they were welcomed for food, respite, and the company of their brothers and sisters after so long!
Of course, they had been spotted long before they arrived at the vast, sprawling keep that was the headquarters of the Order of Seasons, made out of an old half-Elven fortress from the time of their empires.
Rabbiteater was impressed by the guard they kept on the Order of Seasons’ land. The group had told them they were coming, but even so, they hadn’t gone more than ten minutes past what Talia had claimed was the border point when he appeared.
“The Winter’s Watcher.”
Ser Markus bowed, gauntleted fist over his heart. The others did the same. Spring Knights and Summer Knights, bowing slightly to the figure standing on the hilltop.
It had begun snowing; their clue he was here. Even in the summer. The figure regarded them.
“Winter’s Watcher! We bring a fellow [Knight] of Izril who has fought and slept by our sides! We vouch for his honor and strength of arms!”
