8.06 RT
Page 43
“That’s my answer. Well then, young woman. I think we had both better cool down. I hope we can speak at another time…”
He began to walk around her. She blocked him, reflexively.
“You do not know the answer. I did not give it to you.”
He eyed her, almost amused.
“Child, I hate to tell you this—but you just did.”
She stared at him. It was a bluff. It had to be.
“That is impossible.”
No feature of hers had changed. She was impossible to read; even the Archmage of Death had asked her to know her feelings. Eldavin just snorted.
“Oh, impossible. You say that in Wistram? For shame.”
He prodded her in the stomach since he couldn’t reach any higher. The Truestone Golem recoiled. Eldavin snorted as he walked past her.
“I know how your kind behaves, young woman. I told you, I’m old. Even stone has a tell. When you are ready to be reasonable, come find me.”
He walked off. Cognita stared at his back. She raised her fist.
She had never wanted to hit an old half-Elf as much as now. And Feor had been in power for nearly eighty years. She slowly let him leave the floor…then walked out of the room. She found a room and punched through one of the walls.
 
—-
 
Eldavin was upset after the confrontation with Cognita. He hadn’t expected to be so—emotional. Maybe he’d given too much away, said too much. But it was like meeting a Djinni.
He sat in his rooms, trying to control his breathing, analyzing the event as impartially as he could.
And that was when it hit him. All of it. It came together in a moment of perfect clarity and genius.
His issue with Wistram, trying to shape it through his faction, the time limit—and now this.
The Dragon sat back and laughed. He went over, grabbed some cookies, all the gifts he’d been plied with, and began stuffing his face. He felt a weight lift off his shoulders.
That was how to do it. He recalled what Ryoka had begged of him.
Be active, be present. But halfway. Interfere, but not fully, but do it.
He had agreed with her, which is why he had come here. Because he could not sit after being provoked. Now—he saw the way forwards.
Cognita of Truestone was the most extraordinary being in Wistram, bar only himself of course. And people treated her like a glorified servant, or a simple guardian.
She was Truestone! Those blathering Archmages? The Council? Dust, compared to her!
She was perhaps the last of her kind, and if not, one of the last. Her people had been created, risen, and been destroyed. She had been created and become the first once more.
He knew them all. All the old names, that people had forgotten ever existed.
The Djinni were enslaved. Their children, the Jinn, had been wiped away.
The Harpies had lost their lands and hope.
The Giants were all but gone.
And the Dragons’ time was done. The last Dragonlord of Flame sat there, chewing on macaroons until one got caught in his mortal throat. He hacked it up and stared at the thing trying to kill him.
“The last of us should not be so petty and end so.”
He informed the macaroon, the room, the world. The Dragon rose. He stood, and left his rooms. He had work to do.
 
—-
 
Archmage Viltach opened his door as Eldavin stood in front of it. The Grand Magus looked a bit embarrassed.
“Archmage, I have a confession to make. I’m working on a new project, and I realize I’ve left some of my reagents at home. Could I borrow some mithril dust for runework?”
Eldavin had tried to get some, but been informed the [Merchants] weren’t stocking it as commonly as in the old days. So he’d gone inquiring. This was the [Mage] equivalent of asking for a cup of sugar.
“Of course.”
