8.06 RT
Page 23
That meant even the basic luxuries like being able to ride out and visit your family in Pheislant that any standard [Knight] got after their first year. The Knight-Commander turned to the Summer’s Champion.
“You may revoke that at will if needed, Summer’s Champion. But they are not to speak of Ser Solstice’s nature, nor the reason for their punishment. Will that suit?”
“It will indeed, Knight-Commander.”
The Summer’s Champion strode off. Calirn sighed.
All this over one [Knight]. But it was wrong to blame the Goblin. His presence had revealed a fault in the Order’s understanding of honor—at least, to the Summer’s Champion.
Well, the punishment was not the heaviest it could be. However, the Summer’s Champion could be…vindictive. He kicked into the large gathering place where the Summer’s Knights gathered in their section of the keep and delivered the punishment at full bellow, not even checking to see if Talia or Vitin were present.
 
—-
 
The next day, Talia and Ser Vitin engaged in stable cleaning…and toilet cleaning. An unenviable task, especially since the Chandrarian chutney had been slightly off yesterday.
Rabbiteater, oblivious to this, went with the Season of Fall on a hike through one of the forests under the Order of Season’s lands granted to them by Pheislant.
They had a lot of space. Nice space, that extended all the way to the cliffs on the shoreline. They were a defensive force, able to go on crusades and hold this space.
They even had [Farmers], several small settlements that made produce and enjoyed the protection of an entire [Knight] order. It was as close to paradise as you got without actual paradise.
For a Goblin? Magnificent.
The forest wasn’t without dangers, though. There were bears, boars, other wildlife that the [Knights] wouldn’t exterminate.
But the Autumn Knights weren’t exactly slouches either. Yes, you called them ‘Fall Knights’ because they were the worst season at pure combat. But they also practiced magic, and academia.
Books weren’t useless. You could take notes of enemy locations in them, use them for kindling on cold nights, relief after bad poos…even read them.
Joining the expedition, to Rabbiteater’s surprise, was Dame Meisa. It didn’t bother the Fall’s Sentinel; indeed, a number of other [Knights] and [Squires] had joined.
“They may wish to join or learn from our season, Ser Solstice. All are welcome to participate in such events. Dame Meisa is a Spring Knight, but she may well choose our season in time.”
She nodded. The younger [Knight] looked downcast and quiet today.
She had asked the Spring’s Warden to share in the disgrace of the two senior [Summer Knights] upon hearing of the incident. The Spring’s Warden had deliberated, and then informed Dame Meisa she could join her fellow [Knights], of course, but her punishment was to live with her actions, which had been so well-intentioned.
Watch. Listen.
Learn something.
That was the attitude of fall, when all kinds of weird things started happening. In between the barren chill of winter and the profusion of life that was summer, things were different.
They watched, as Ser Solstice demonstrated his understanding of woodcraft to them.
“You can eat that.”
“You can eat that too.”
“Can’t eat that.”
“You can eat that, but bad poos.”
“You can eat that, but you might die. About one third die.”
One of the [Squires] stopped taking notes and looked at the Fall’s Sentinel. The older man was delighted.
“Fascinating. And this is G—wood lore from where you come from?”
“Yes. You can eat that too.”
