8.06 RT
Page 21
No guesses what had set him off. One look at the apprehensive Summer Knights at the door—Talia and Vitin—and the Summer’s Champion’s face, and Calirn knew.
Cold met hot and steam rose from the man’s ire. Calirn rose. The Summer’s Champion had actually left flaming footsteps as he stomped through a garden.
“Summer’s Champion, control your temper.”
The man did so with effort. The heat coming off him abated. Calirn sighed.
He knew Ser Solstice was a Goblin. Vitin and Talia stared at the closed door, worried about what might happen and regretting their choices. Summer was passionate and sometimes made mistakes in the heat of the moment.
What they didn’t know was the contents of the angry discussion in the Knight-Commander’s private study. He’d moved it there to avoid his room being filled with steam.
“If you know, then that makes two of us!”
“Four. I informed the Fall’s Sentinel and he reported that the Spring’s Warden already had a [Knight] inform her of Ser Solstice’s origin.”
“Four? The Winter’s Watcher is the only one left out? Dead gods burning on Giant’s tits, Calirn! This is too much! Are we [Knights] or children tossing around secrets bound by chivalry? I nearly threw both of them off the keep’s walls! My first instinct is to revoke their knighthood—which I will not do. But you’d better do something before I simply hit them!”
The Summer’s Champion was pacing back and forth. Ser Solstice being a Goblin was almost forgotten. Calirn was surprised—but that was him.
“Dame Talia and Ser Vitin? I am—upset that they broke their vows, especially as I had been informed, Summer’s Champion.”
Especially of Dame Talia. But Calirn didn’t inflame the man’s temper further. The Summer’s Champion spun on his heel.
“Those two, and whoever told the Spring’s Warden! For that matter—why are you going around spreading information?”
“To the Fall’s Sentinel? Because I am Grandmaster of all four Seasons and a Goblin [Knight] might well be a danger. I had to be sure once I knew. That is my duty. And you are Grandmaster of the Order of Summer, Greysten. You know our duty sometimes wars with honor!”
The man turned even redder, but slowly collapsed into a chair.
“It’s one Goblin. I find this breach of chivalry more important, Calirn. What, do they want me to decide to chop off its head? It—he—saved them from being ransomed and apparently came to their aid during the Ogre attack! In return, our Order decides to stab him in the back.”
“I see that. Since you are so enraged, Summer’s Champion, I remind you that they thought his nature might interfere with their vows to respect another [Knight]’s code. The argument being that he is a Goblin, therefore, not a [Knight].”
“Hmm.”
The man was calming down already. He sat there, still leaking steam, but slowly thinking.
“I don’t agree. I don’t accept it. And I’m ashamed my order spoke more than Spring Knights—who can barely keep their mouths shut!”
“Summer crusades against monsters more hotly than all. Yours is a passionate season, Greysten.”
“Shame is shame. Honor is honor. Secret is secret.”
There was no prevaricating with him. Calirn nodded.
“If you would like me to adjudicate for you, Summer’s Champion, I will. But this is a matter of morality; at the heart of it I believe all sides acted in accordance with how they see honor. Talia Kallinad’s family is of Pheislant, and saw the Goblin King’s destruction. They would remember how he erased members of the Hundred Families down to the last person in their bloodlines.”
