8.06 RT
Page 24
Rabbiteater indicated some bark. One of the [Knights] gave him a scandalized look.
“Ser Solstice, that is bark. One cannot live on that, even if it is edible.”
The [Knight] gave him a calm rebuttal.
“Cannot live, true. But can stop dying for as long as a month. If wounded, lying in the forest with leg break and no one finds you—good to know.”
He’d never experienced that himself, but he knew all the stories. The Fall Knights murmured. Meisa had to stop from imagining a Goblin…
More of his knowledge was practical. He showed them his trap-style, hanging the little strings with bells up. Also, how to fashion quick step-traps with spikes out of mere wood.
“Traps are hardly the act of valor.”
“But we do employ them, from time to time, Ser Drommel. We do use runic magic. If, say, one could envision fighting Crelers or the Demons of Rhir…have you fought Crelers, Ser Solstice?”
“Yep. Nasty. Hard to kill. Very bad to have, even in High Passes.”
“How so? I was told that was the most inhospitable climate, even for Crelers.”
The others listened, having asked questions about Gargoyle fighting and so on. Rabbiteater elaborated.
“Monsters kill them. But…if it’s Eater Goats, they eat Crelers. Then…eggs hatch in them. Creler swarm can get bigger if Eater Goats attack them, after a few weeks.”
The expedition shuddered. Rabbiteater shrugged. Then it was his turn to listen to a speech on herb craft.
“We are not [Healers]. But if you lack for one—this Balm Root combined with a mix of the following leaves and flowers is said to have beneficial qualities against infection. We have tried to preserve the paste, but it is ineffective. I’ve suggested taking all the samples along for larger expeditions, but the order has not yet implemented this.”
Rabbiteater stared at the root that was native to Terandria. He promptly took as much as he could carry.
The things the Season of Fall knew were so impressive to the Goblin! As valuable—perhaps more than Spring’s training. If he’d known about the balm root, his friends might not have died or had to cut off limbs due to sickness.
“Rabbit…Ser Solstice. May I ask a question?”
Meisa brought it up as they had lunch. She was staring at his cloak. The others turned. They had thought it was a kind of cloth at first, or realized it was obviously magical, but after staring at it for a long time, Meisa at last had to ask what the liquid was.
“Blood.”
The Cloak of Plenty had his brother’s blood. It was a shield—and you could use it to transfuse blood, as Rags had learned from Velan’s memory. Meisa paled.
“From…whom?”
“My brother. Liscor. He died there.”
“Oh. I—”
She gulped.
“I’m sorry, Ser Solstice. I told the Spring’s Warden about you. I am ashamed.”
He looked at her, sandwich halfway to his lips. She looked embarrassed and full of chagrin. He slowly flipped open his visor, took a fast bite. Chewed it. Took another bite.
Meisa waited. But the Hobgoblin eventually reached for another sandwich.
“Ser Solstice?”
“Okay.”
“But I—”
He shrugged.
“Spring’s Warden is like a Chieftain. Sometimes you have to tell them. I am…”
He tapped his chest, looking at the distant [Knights]. Dame Meisa hung her head.
“But I had no cause.”
“Yes you did.”
He looked at her. The history of Goblins and Humans was reflected in it. Meisa blinked. Even nodded.
“But I am still ashamed, sir.”
The Goblin Slayer tilted his head. After a moment, his visor came up. She saw lips move up in a grin.
“Good. Trade sandwich and I forgive you.”
