8.06 RT
Page 7
Rabbiteater took the strong, cold grip. Even though the man had removed his gauntlet—Rabbiteater had not—his grip still felt frosty! He eyed the greying man’s face, and sensed his strength in a moment. Awkwardly, the Goblin-knight nodded his head.
“Thanks. How long?”
Talia twitched. Knight-Commander Calirn blinked. Rabbiteater wondered if it was another custom he’d broken.
But you were supposed to ask, right? In Goblin tribes, say, you couldn’t just laze about eating the best meat all day.
“…As long as you desire, Ser Solstice.”
“Years?”
Calirn blinked again and seemed to freeze up. A huge laugh erupted from the orange-haired man.
“I like this one! Yes, years, Ser Solstice! The Order of Seasons does not treat its friends lightly, and one more mouth is hardly an imposition! Although we’ll raise our eyebrows if you do naught at all. But I swear it by the summer skies! I am the Summer’s Champion, Greysten. An honor to meet you.”
He was a big Human, six foot three, and physically imposing. Not the Bear General’s girth, but he had a strong, hot grip. Rabbiteater flexed his hand afterwards. What was with these [Knights]?
Oh, right. The seasons thing. The Spring’s Warden was next. She was slimmer, and Rabbiteater thought she was very pretty.
Oh, she looked like she was in her thirties despite being twenty years older, which apparently was because she was the embodiment of the spring. She had topaz-and-emerald hair, shining bright.
But that wasn’t what made her pretty. It was the huge scar running down her cheek and across her neck, and the long, threaded scar down her arm.
That was the kind of scar you got in battle that even a healing potion didn’t heal right. Rabbiteater admired her at once; the other two leaders didn’t have as obvious battle marks. He got the sense she could stab him through the visor before he could strike her.
Dead sexy, as Redfangs reckoned such things.
“Dame Kallinad spoke highly of you in her [Messages], Ser Solstice. Don’t worry; we won’t ask you to remove your armor. And Ailendamus will pay for its breach in conduct.”
Rabbiteater glanced at Talia. She looked a tad bit uncomfortable as she bowed to the Summer’s Champion and then Calirn.
“Knight-Commander, we regret we were so delayed in returning. I trust Ser Raim’s remains arrived safely?”
“They did, and have been buried with his beloved as he wished. I regret the passing of our brethren. But you acted as a true [Knight], Dame Kallinad. We will not soon forget the Witch’s existence.”
She nodded. Rabbiteater had no idea what that was about, but soon he was being shown to his quarters.
“We have guest quarters, Ser Solstice. You will stay here—tomorrow, I shall show you around the keep, but we will arrange food brought to you.”
Ser Markus showed him to the lovely rooms. They might be more spartan than some, but to a Goblin, they were spacious, the bed padded, and plenty of luxury for a guest of [Knights]! Rabbiteater nodded, inspecting the place for bolt holes and traps.
He saw the man hover for a second. Awkwardly, Ser Markus cleared his throat.
“Ser Solstice. About…your identity.”
Rabbiteater looked up sharply. The Spring Knight hesitated. He put his hand on the door.
“I will tell no one, Ser Solstice. You have my word. I saw a [Knight] that day, and that has never changed. I would, however, be interested in speaking with you further, if I may.”
The Goblin’s heart pounded in his chest. But…he slowly nodded.
“Yes. We can…do that.”
