8.06 RT
Page 32
People laughing, or posing in front of buildings. Airplanes in the sky. Even—a picture of video games. Valeterisa had stared at one. Teriarch had wondered if it was harder than Cookie Clicker.
“Magi, this is Earth. Another world. Another planet, in a reality somehow divorced from ours, which evolved and formed in a place where other species—to our knowledge—never existed. Only Humanity, who, without magic, mastered their planet. This is Earth. And there are children from this planet appearing in our world.”
Eldavin sat there as Valeterisa, Erkika, and the other [Mages]’ eyes tried to exit their heads. They were disbelieving at first, shocked. Then they babbled questions, demanded proof.
Proof? Proof was a computer. Proof was the foods they had eaten at dinner! Proof was a truth spell and a young man from Earth—Aaron Vanwell. Also, him demonstrating a battery, an electric battery, that ran without magic, and a hand-cranked device which created electricity.
Proof was plastic. And though they did not believe at first, some of them, those who had understood the strangeness happening in the world, sat back as it all came together.
Valeterisa’s fingers were shaking as she adjusted her spectacles and asked questions, even over the Garuda’s attempts to speak.
“Is there any commonality with magic? Is there a portal? Is this related to the Demon’s activity? Query #221, pressing—what is the mechanism by which this ‘electricity’ forms that screen without magic? Can we communicate—”
It was at this moment, as some [Mages] in-the-know watched the reactions smugly, that Grand Magus Eldavin stood up.
All eyes were on him; he was one of the big players, having established himself by the huge magical fight on the first night. The Depth Mage was not present, but she was being considered due to her level and a possible tie to the Drowned Fleets. Fissival had been ruled out, but Wistram was treating this information as time-critical. It would lose its value soon, and so why not use it for favor and alliances now?
The old half-Elf’s eyes studied the presentation. The Garuda [High Mage], Magus Verki, smiled with a hint of superiority.
“Grand Magus, you had a question?”
Valeterisa and the other [Mages] looked at him. The Grand Mage nodded.
“Yes, young man. Pray, may we skip the introductory phase? I came here for information about Earth, not recap.”
The Garuda’s beak opened. The [Mages] blinked.
“You—know of Earth?”
Eldavin sniffed.
“This is basic news, Magus Verki. I do not need to be told of the obvious. Present me with a list of quantifiable information, please.”
He knew. Of course, ‘Eldavin’ had already met Ryoka, which was what Teriarch was running with. He left the room, knowing that everyone was wondering what he’d found out. It was about standing out.
When they came by with a list of items—by the Revivalist faction, which meant they were hoarding knowledge from each other—Eldavin skimmed down it.
“Television, food, armaments, food, theories of electricity, more food, plays? I know all of this. Hm. Wait. This is new.”
He tapped ‘Airsoft Gun’ after a moment. It was about telling the truth. He was quite happy to have the young man show him the device. Eldavin watched as it fired—then attended one of the presentations with mathematical formulas.
The Pythagorean Theorem was elementary. ‘E=mc2’ made him snort. But he grew thoughtful after that.
Valeterisa was cribbing notes like mad. But Eldavin had to admit…the sight of a firearm, even in the relatively harmless form it had been presented in, made him uncomfortable.
