8.06 RT
Page 20
The quartermaster’s bill had made Calirn take the Summer’s Champion to task for the incident. But so it went. Summer was another kind of youth.
So it was that the Summer’s Champion was about to have a drink with the older [Knights] of the order and grouse about damned Ailendamus and the Thronebearer’s lack of success on the field—in private, to ease his frustration—when a tap came at his door.
He opened it.
“Ser Vitin?”
The Summer Knight had come to see him. It was after much thought, reluctance—and he might not have done it, but he felt the need to talk to his superior about Ser Solstice. Even so, he would have been reluctant, but he had talked Talia into joining him.
She had heard nothing from Knight-Commander Calirn and one did not demand to know his thoughts. So, she was here, when Vitin had approached her. If the head of their season did not know, they reasoned, he should.
Talia felt a flutter in her stomach, remembering Calirn’s disapproval, but Vitin had said he needed to tell someone so she’d agreed to accompany him. But he got to talk.
Was this right to do? She stemmed the question as Vitin laid out the problem.
“It is Ser Solstice, Summer’s Champion. He is—”
“His identity? Are you privy to that knowledge?”
The Summer’s Champion blinked at them. He was tall, imposing, and Talia had told Calirn because she knew the reputation of how spontaneous he was. Better to be present to stop him if Vitin decided to do it later. She could run and get Calirn or another senior member if he ran…impulsive.
That was her reasoning. Vitin nodded, gulping. He was not as familiar with the Summer’s Champion as, say, you would be with the Spring’s Warden. She tended to talk to all new [Knights]; the Summer’s Champion and the Season of Summer was more hierarchical at the moment. He went on great errant deeds when not here and didn’t get to spend time with the younger [Knights], for all he was reckoned as a great commander in the field and very affable, even too much so.
“Champion, he is—”
“I don’t want to hear it. This is not something a [Knight] should betray.”
The Summer’s Champion folded his arms. Vitin and Talia stared at him.
“We—know that, Grandmaster. But even so, because of what the truth is, we felt it was beyond our ability to decide.”
Talia broke in for the first time. The Summer’s Champion’s eyes swept towards her. They blazed with passion; his quarters were hot, even at night. He’d started fires with his temper and the ambient air shot up in temperature.
“Speaking another [Knight]’s secret, Dame Talia, Ser Vitin? I won’t hear of it.”
“But Summer’s Champion—Ser Solstice is a Goblin!”
Vitin protested. The secret once more revealed…
Or not. Because the Summer’s Champion had promptly put two fingers in his ears.
“Lalalalala.”
He intoned as loudly as possible. Talia and Vitin stared at him. He kept repeating himself until he was sure Vitin was done.
“I am not listening, [Knights]. And I will forget this incident occurred, for the honor of—”
“Ser Solstice is a Goblin.”
Talia snapped, appalled at the childish behavior from the Grandmaster of their Season. The Summer’s Champion froze.
“What did you say?”
“He is a Goblin, Grandmaster. Now do you—”
 
—-
 
The Summer’s Champion kicked the door open to Calirn’s room and strode in.
“Knight-Commander! I have an issue to speak of!”
He stormed in as Calirn was shaving his cheek. The Knight-Commander nearly sliced off his left jowl.
“Summer’s Champion?”
