8.06 RT
Page 38
Naili—cunning, ambitious, young. Talkative—she and he had a long lunch in which she kept pressing about Ryoka Griffin and all the things she’d dug up.
“Leave the Wind Runner alone, Archmagus.”
“Yes, but you’re just letting her run about. Are you using her?”
“She is under my protection.”
The half-Elf coldly met the Lamia’s glare. But she was able to match him look for look. Yes—more dangerous than she seemed. Naili smiled.
“Would that be accompanied by an ‘or else’, Grand Magus?”
“Implicitly, my dear Archmage Nailihuaile.”
“Well, your ire is certainly formidable. But we need to be united, don’t we?”
He put down his cup and reached for another pastry.
“Yes we do. But my ire? Archmage Nailihuaile. You have seen my ire. Should Wistram decide to upset me, you will see what happens when I go to war. And you have not seen that.”
He met her gaze until the smile vanished.
 
—-
 
Ironically, Viltach was more restrained. Eldavin had punched the Archmage of Terandria, but they enjoyed a quite civil discourse on spell tomes, even exchanged a few spells of Viltach’s design.
And he brought up some salient points. He was clearly ambitious as much as Nailihuaile, but saw what Teriarch did.
“The issue, as I see it, Eldavin, is that this second world may well decide to go to war. I have been asking my Earthers about history, and they have a history of aggression that would match any empire in our world.”
“There is no discernible portal, Archmage.”
Eldavin aimed a pool cue at the ball; Wistram had odd priorities, like creating a billiards table before airplanes. But it was quite fun. He knocked a ball into a pocket and smiled smugly. Viltach repressed a scowl; Eldavin was beating him despite both sides cheating with magic to correct their aim.
“I would say only a fool does not anticipate the danger of the possibility of a portal opening, Grand Magus. And you are no fool.”
The half-Elf glanced up and slowly chalked up his pool cue, a delightful activity, before replying.
“No indeed, Archmage. And it would be my delight to talk about countermeasures. Perhaps some large-scale anti-combustion spells?”
“That doesn’t work on all of their weapons. Are you familiar with…? Perhaps you weren’t fully briefed by your sources. We may talk about more advanced weaponry later.”
“Of course. After dinner? Most excellent.”
 
—-
 
Feor was interesting. Teriarch played chess with him, and thought that he was the second-best player he had ever met.
Which meant, of course, he still took the majority of games. The half-Elf wanted to talk about home, species—and realized he was getting nowhere with Eldavin, who refused to be nostalgic for a species he didn’t have. In the end he laid his cards down.
“Grand Magus, I would like to trade knowledge.”
“I am sure an Archmage has much to offer a humble Grand Magus such as myself. But would I be able to reciprocate? Check, again.”
Feor grimaced.
“Much of what we have had is lost, Grand Magus. I…would see it restored before my passing.”
“Yet, no [Mage] has passed Zelkyr’s test? And you do not seem to believe in attempting it.”
The Archmage of Elves hesitated as he moved a piece out of harm’s way.
“I do not believe it is a test made in good faith, Grand Magus. Rather, I would put my certainty in…other methods. Are you aware of the [Thaumaturge] class?”
Eldavin’s eyebrows shot up.
“Indeed I am. A novel way to uncover new spells given how they cast theirs. But one would need a high-level [Thaumaturge]. And that does not include spell theory.”
