8.06 RT
Page 34
The half-Elf stood in front of a vast class of nearly eighty. They were everyone from Trey Atwood, to actual [Mages] like Beatrice of the Revivalists, to Teura and Valeterisa herself, even if she wasn’t standing with the actual students at their desks. Teriarch went on.
“I believe the dichotomy between [Fireball] spells is most important to study. It seems most have forgotten that spells are not constructed the same way! You all are practicing woven-style fabrication which—you, get out.”
He pointed. A young man spluttered.
“What? Why?”
“Because I do not care for skepticism, your attitude, or your presence. Out.”
Eldavin pointed at Timor du Havrington, whom he had recognized from the banquet. A spectral, giant hand shoved the young man out of class as everyone watched. It flicked him into the hallway wall, and shut the door delicately as Eldavin turned back. Troy was grinning madly.
“I see students of every stripe here. No Gnolls?”
“Gnolls?”
The students stirred. Eldavin counted every species except Gazers and Gnolls in his class. He frowned.
“Hm. Have they started an academy of their own again? Well, so it goes. Now, demonstrate the [Fireball] spell for me, all of you. Hold it—and why aren’t you putting your barrier spells up?”
Half the class was frozen. At last, a young [Mage] raised her hand tremulously.
“Grand Magus, we don’t know the spell. We’re only first-years.”
Some of the other [Mages] were hesitating, wondering if they could hold a [Fireball] spell once they’d created it. You created a [Fireball] and it blew up!
Valeterisa was holding two [Fireballs]. Trey was sweating as he tried to figure it out. Eldavin stared.
“…You don’t know how to cast [Fireball]? That was the requirement for…well, [Fire Bolt], then. No? [Candle]. On three. One, two…stop!”
He bellowed. The class halted. Eldavin strode down the ranks of students.
“You. What are you doing, holding your wand like that? And you—your posture is completely off. You, you, you—dead gods, it’s easier to name who’s doing it right. Stop!”
The students, bemused, saw him grab Trey’s arm, adjust it, check the grip—he nodded at that, but lambasted a dozen students.
“Weak grips! Poor posture! Don’t slump your shoulders! Straighten your spine!”
“Does it matter, Grand Magus?”
A student protested. Eldavin stared at her.
“Get out.”
“But I—”
“Out! If you can’t stand properly when casting a spell, when one triggers a backlash, don’t come crawling to me when it shatters your spine! For that matter—posture matters when conducting magic! Out! You—take off those rings!”
“But magus, they’re Rings of Well and Concentration—”
The half-Elf loomed over the unfortunate Human.
“Do you think I’m blind? This is study, not a battle! Do you rely on a flying carpet when you’re learning to walk? No aides! No Skills! Now, posture set! Hands, wands, staves at the ready—stop!”
It took six more attempts before they even got to casting [Candle]. And even then, Eldavin criticized things some [Mages] hadn’t even known were a problem.
Troy Atlas got a pass because Gazi had told him how magic flowed through the body. You kept even distributions to ward off enemy spells—you concentrated it where you wanted magic to be produced, like if you were casting without a catalyst and your bare hands.
“Terandrian schools still have it.”
Eldavin commented to the girl who had come in Trey’s class. He nodded at some [Mages] from similar backgrounds; castigated those who didn’t have this grounding.
