8.06 RT
Page 8
Have an adventure. Her words still rang in his head, even if the power had faded even as they fled the camp. He tried to smile. And Ser Markus did.
“I will return after informing the kitchen staff of your circumstances, Solstice. And—find a way to let you bathe. Perhaps a bath, if we carry it from the wells…excuse me.”
He nodded and left. Rabbiteater sat there for a second.
Am I in danger?
Well, he had been the moment he left Izril. But he wanted…to believe in these crazy Humans and their weird codes of conduct. He liked Markus. He wondered what Talia thought; they hadn’t spoken as much. But now they’d arrived and…he sat back on the bed.
He felt good.
 
—-
 
The Spring’s Warden was in her rooms, meditating before dinner, as was her wont. She heard a knock, told the person to enter.
It was a female Spring Knight, one of the ones who had gone to Ser Raim’s aid.
“Warden—I am sorry if I am disturbing you, but…I have something I must say. I feel the need to, even if it conflicts with honor and duty.”
The Spring’s Warden turned. She was used to such intrusions; her Season was made up of more [Knights] and more junior ones than any other Season.
“Come in, Dame Meisa. Speak freely and I will give you what wisdom I have.”
“It’s about Ser Solstice, the—the [Knight] that came with us.”
The young [Knight] nervously sat down on the seat across from the Spring’s Warden. The woman raised her eyebrow.
“Ah. You must have seen a hint as to whom he was.”
“How did you…?”
It was obvious. The Spring’s Warden shook her head. Her youthful features made people forget her age. And besides—what else could it be? Perhaps something—but it was most likely his identity.
She hoped he was not some well-known murderer. A member of the nobility or adventurer? Easier to bear. He had seemed forthright and honest, if somewhat unused to formalities when she had met him.
“Dame Meisa, is this something I need hear? I would respect his vows under most circumstances. I trust your judgment.”
The young woman hesitated. She rested her hands on her knees, and then met the Spring Warden’s gaze.
“…At the risk of compromising my honor, Warden, I believe it so. Ser Solstice is not…he is…he’s a Goblin.”
The Spring’s Warden blinked.
 
—-
 
It took about twelve minutes for someone to leak Ser Solstice’s secret of honor between [Knights]. So much for the honor-bound vow of chivalry.
And it wasn’t even the Spring’s Warden who learned of Rabbiteater’s secret first. In fact, Dame Meisa had wavered for a good three hours before approaching her.
The person who’d requested an audience and received it minutes after arriving sat in front of Knight-Commander Calirn. It had taken three hours for the entire story and all his questions. At last, he sat back.
“And you do not know how a Hobgoblin came into the armor or class he seems to possess Knight…Talia?”
The young woman shook her head slowly.
“No, Knight-Commander Calirn, I do not.”
The Knight-Commander’s rooms were cold. Not because he leaned that far into his season, but because his aura leaked, even with his mastery of it. Especially when he slept.
That meant he kept the room dry, even though winter static was unpleasant. But it beat moisture creating frost on clothing or wood and then turning to wetness when he left and creating mildew.
Similarly, Calirn tended to embrace his season. For instance, he had the cold-blooming cacti he tended to on a windowsill, which thrived in snowy conditions.
