8.06 RT
Page 39
“No, indeed, Eldavin. But I happen to know of one…and as remote as that option is—have you beheld the test? I would place my faith in anything but that. Ah, checkmate, I believe. My first win.”
He sat back and smiled. Eldavin realized he’d been getting distracted, glanced down at the board, and saw he had lost.
Intriguing. He may have excused himself after that game, purely because he had socialized enough of course, but Feor seemed closer to Valeterisa than he thought.
 
—-
 
Verdan Blackwood lifted his cup with fingers delicately spread. He inclined his head, sipped, and intoned with a calculated sigh.
“Fortify.”
The half-Elf slowly took a sip himself. He replied, after some measured thought.
“Sanctify to fortify.”
He enjoyed Verdan’s company more than any other Archmage’s. Purely because the Dullahan rituals and observances were far more refreshing to partake in than the faster politicking. After some thought, Verdan placed the cup down on the Dullahan’s stylized tray.
“Will you clarify, Grand Magus? I feel as though I have lost your meaning.”
A shame, because they’d gone back and forth with the simplistic, yet intricate layers of thought and reply for the last two hours. Eldavin nodded.
“Sanctity, Archmagus Blackwood. Or do you not agree that Wistram is in need of reform?”
A cautious nod in reply.
“My passions, Grand Magus, lie with my people, who have adopted me, as much as Wistram. I believe my fellow Archmages consider my position biased, if not compromised.”
The man sat in armor, despite his advanced age, mimicking Dullahans. The Archmage of Dullahans watched as Eldavin lifted his brows.
“Who is not biased, Archmagus Blackwood? Nor would I consider any one species inherently unfit for knowledge or cooperation. If that is the goal. What, pray, is the point of this conclave?”
“Security, to me. Fortify.”
The half-Elf countered.
“Sanctify, Archmagus Blackwood. Who is worthy of meeting another world as equals? Wistram, as it is? Sanctify.”
 
—-
 
Archmages. Students. Eldavin.
But there was one person he truly longed to meet in Wistram. And she seemed to be avoiding him.
They met as the half-Elf stood at the magical barrier, the Test of Wistram. Zelkyr’s legacy.
A barrier spell keyed to five sources. In theory, you could break it down; even one of the Archmages with enough help and time.
But you would never get that much time. Not with three Golems of such magnitude—and one basic War Golem, if a fine example of one.
Or…
The woman made seemingly of marble strode down the deserted corridor. She had moved the instant she realized where he was going. And her body was…primed.
She stood behind him. He did not turn his head at first. He spoke.
“Ah. Cognita of Truestone. Zelkyr’s child. I had wondered when we would meet. You have been avoiding me.”
He turned his head. The giant woman halted.
She was tall. Her height was actually adaptive, as the rest of her was. She was Truestone, a pinnacle of her kind. A Cognizant-class Golem.
One who thought. One who lived. She stopped, nine feet tall, and looked down at Eldavin.
“Grand Magus Eldavin. Do you come here to take my master’s test?”
Her voice was hostile. Eldavin blinked once at her. He inspected her, then pinched at his nose.
“No. But kindly tell that thing to move or I will force it to.”
He looked at the invisible Golem made of flesh. Cognita hesitated. It was looming next to him, jaws open, but the half-Elf didn’t seem to even be affected by the mental invisibility. She gestured; it moved back slowly.
Eldavin studied Zelkyr’s legacy. He saw what Feor meant.
