8.06 RT
Page 13
“Spy? Agent? Enemy of his kind? That is not the point, Knight-Commander. History is a blunt teacher. And it teaches us that Goblins who walk among other species often become great leaders of their kind. There have been Goblin Knights before.”
“Really?”
The Fall’s Sentinel was plumbing through his personal archive. He shook his head.
“I will have to find the texts. They are buried in our library, no doubt. I will have some of my Season begin the search tomorrow.”
“Subtly, Fall’s Sentinel.”
The man’s name was Venoriat, but the Order tended to use their titles. To remind them they were representatives before friends, who could be biased, at least on business like this. Venoriat nodded.
“Of course. But I caution you, Knight-Commander. The Goblin may be a [Knight], in which case I am bound to believe he is honorable enough to gain the class. But…he is a Goblin.”
“Meaning?”
The Fall’s Sentinel sighed.
“Meaning that Goblins who rise to great strength become Chieftains or Goblin Lords. I recall one text—[Recall Text]. Ah, yes. Perfect clarity. The historical account of the Order of Merendis states that a valiant Goblin who strove with them against ‘dark forces who preyed on the blooded’, showed them naught but honor and a willingness to compromise. However. She joined the Goblin King during his rampage, which ended their Order, despite decades of strong ties. Where Goblin Kings appear—or Goblin Lords, Knight-Commander—even valorous Goblins seem to turn to war. Recall that the last Goblin King was known as Velan the Kind.”
“I would not forget, Fall’s Sentinel. I rode against him at the end.”
The Order of Seasons had been there. Even now, he remembered the Goblin King slaughtering warriors. That one half-Elf had brought him down had seemed like a miracle.
“That is history’s lesson. Perhaps, Knight-Commander, you should simply treat him as another species. Or a [Knight] not of this order.”
After a moment, the Fall’s Sentinel clapped his hands. Calirn stirred.
“I think I understand, but your meaning?”
“Even chivalrous [Knights] who embody honor may find themselves at odds due to politics or war. Goblins have many reasons to clash with Humanity. So, then. We understand what may happen because he is a Goblin. We do not know why he takes up armor. Either way, we acknowledge that his species is oft-opposed to ours, as a Drake [Knight] would be. I find him fascinating in any case and request permission to investigate.”
“How so?”
“Speak to him. Unless your will is to imprison Ser Solstice? Or execute him?”
The Fall’s Sentinel peered at Knight-Commander Calirn, having donned his reading spectacles. The Knight-Commander stood.
“No. Aptly put, Fall’s Sentinel.”
And subtly too; the man had the greatest strength in diplomacy of the four seasons. The older [Knight] nodded. He had contextualized the issue for Calirn and the answer was clear.
“I will not have the Order of Seasons imprison a [Knight], no matter the species. If Ser Solstice presents himself as undeserving of the class—I would act on it. But Dame Talia’s admission troubled me from the start. She is conflicted. But without that revelation, I will treat Ser Solstice like a [Knight] from Izril. I cannot ignore what I have been told, and thus he will be kept under moderate surveillance. No more until I reach further conclusions.”
“Well said, Knight-Commander.”
Besides which, one Goblin [Knight] was not as important as the war in Ailendamus.
But he was interested in the Goblin [Knight]. Who could not be? He resolved to meet with him later.
 
—-
 
