8.06 RT
Page 10
She had realized she had never seen the ‘Goblin Slayer’ actually slay all the tribes he’d claimed to have eradicated, only a handful in battle. Had he helped them escape and lied? Or if not—was he a traitor to his own species?
She took a deep breath.
“I believe Ser Solstice was untruthful with us, Knight-Commander. And the danger he…might present leads me to believe my duty to the Order and my homeland supersedes or calls into question the knightly-vows of chivalry I have made.”
“A fair answer.”
He saw her reasoning. The Knight-Commander sat there, thinking it over. Then he nodded.
“You are dismissed, Dame Talia. I will investigate the matter and inform you of my conclusions, if need be.”
“Knight-Commander?”
She stood, a bit uneasily. But if she had expected a fast decision, she had forgotten that the Knight-Commander, who could be of any season, was Calirn. Unlike his predecessors, he was winter. And winter was a time to contemplate, not move in haste. Calirn sighed.
“You are dismissed, Dame Talia.”
He rose. It was a troubling issue. But not one he would instantly move on—such as throwing Ser Solstice into chains, or setting a guard. If he had travelled with the [Knights] so long, he was not an immediate threat. He might be a spy, but he would be a fool to try to attack anyone in the Order of Season’s keep.
Ser Calirn went to consult with the Fall’s Sentinel, even though that meant spreading more word of Ser Solstice’s identity.
Rabbiteater had dinner.
 
—-
 
Ser Markus conceived a great enmity for Dame Talia Kallinad over supper on the first night of their return from their questing abroad.
He had admired Dame Talia—if vaguely, as one of the members of the Season of Summer, the second order that Spring Knights usually aspired to—or the Season of Fall if their tastes ran more to academia or studying.
She, as a member of the prestigious Kallinad family of Pheislant, had never seemed overly arrogant, and she exemplified the desire to crusade and fight for valor and honor. So he had been pleased to fight beside her as they went to Ser Raim’s aid, even though it might mean their deaths, without enchanted weapons, fighting the great Spider of Terandria.
Even after their defeat, she had essentially led them back home, and he had trusted her implicitly. Nothing until now could have shaken his faith in a fellow member of the Order of Seasons.
Today, Ser Markus thought Dame Talia had managed to reverse his opinion of her. He did not know of her conversation with Knight-Commander Calirn, of course. But he saw a dinner and her actions there.
Before that, she had become more distant as Ser Solstice’s identity had been revealed. The five [Knights], including Ser Markus, had been shocked. But he had openly declared Ser Solstice a [Knight] and after a quick debate, they had decided his secret was safe.
Talia had not gainsaid that decision, but she had stopped riding next to Ser Solstice and talking as openly. One could hardly miss that gap in sociability.
But tonight?
Ser Solstice had supped alone since he did not remove his helmet. But he could still drink through a straw, and talk, and seemed to enjoy it. He had joined Ser Markus and the other [Knights] to eat in the main mess hall of the keep.
All seasons ate there, and guests as well. [Knights] talked, many at their leisure, mostly with friends or their seasons, but they intermingled without real rivalry in most cases. Each season was proud, but they were not at odds.
