8.06 RT
Page 44
Viltach was only too happy to do a favor for Eldavin. He proudly found a vial.
“How much do you need? I have anything else you might need—”
“Could I trouble you for, oh, four pounds of processed magicore?”
Viltach’s fingers slipped as he opened one of his cases containing the valuable materials. Normal magicore? Fine. But processed? Four p—
“…Of course. And it’s quite good. Elemental-less, of course. 99% purity!”
He heard a snort from the doorway. Eldavin folded his arms.
“Everything’s 99%, Archmagus. What’s the actual purity?”
“Excuse me?”
The man froze with his hands on a jar, heavily sealed. Eldavin repeated himself.
“The actual purity? I’m talking the numbers after the decimal point.”
The numbers after…? Viltach’s mouth opened and closed.
“Er…zero?”
“Zero?”
Eldavin looked outraged. He muttered.
“You don’t pre-purify before using it? Well, fine. I’ll take six pounds then. Er…”
He saw Viltach’s face and caught himself. Eldavin’s eyes flickered. Then he smiled.
“—not that I don’t use 70%, er, pure magicore myself from time to time! It’s just that this is—the most intricate project. Can’t leave it to chance. Thank you.”
He took the six pounds of pure magicore. Viltach gulped at the small fortune as Eldavin shut the door. Then he hurried to check if…?
 
—-
 
“99% purity. Hah! Might as well use sawdust.”
Eldavin grumpily sprinkled some mithril dust he’d run through a few purification spells afterwards. He eyed the rune work and decided he was going to need a semi-contained world to practice this on. Shame he couldn’t make Truestone Golems himself, but he’d do tests.
It was going to take a long time, even for a Dragon. Well…not if he really worked at it. He grumblingly began to work on the formulas, wishing he could consult with his spellbooks.
He wasn’t that good at this kind of magic, and this was going to push even him. He wished he had even one damn Skill, but no…
Even so. This was the plan. This was true magic. And it would be his gift, from one of the last to the other.
Cognita. This was how he changed Wistram, and the world for the better. Wait, Ryoka Griffin. He just had to cast one spell and then he would let Wistram be. One spell.
The Dragon smiled to himself.
He was going to set her free.
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I am write too much. This last part I thought would be uh, about 3,000 words less. However! I hope you enjoyed the two half-chapters I put together because neither one was quite long enough on its own.
Goblin slice-of-life and Dragon slice-of-life aren’t like Erin slice-of-life. But it’s all hopefully fun to read, informative, and so on and so on.
I’m not making sense. I’m tired, and I’ll see you in the next chapter! For now, I’ll leave you with that and wish you a happy read! Until next time!
 
Eldavin, Tkrn, and Frozen Erin by pkay!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/peekay
                                
 
Saliss Box by Midas!

 
Tkrn Toot, Cat Revi, Halo Numbtongue and more by LeChatDemon!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
Stash with all the TWI related art: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0
                                                    
 

