8.06 RT
Page 17
Rabbiteater grinned as he hefted the weird pole-weapon with the long catch. But he trained with an axe and shield and bested Ser Markus, Meisa, and three more Spring Knights in quick bouts.
“You’re good! Too quick!”
Ser Markus complained after the second time Rabbiteater battered down his guard. The Goblin had levels, strength, and experience on his side. Ser Medul raised a hand.
“Will you try me, sir? No Skills?”
It was an even match. The older Spring Knight used a classic sword-and-shield combo and he and Rabbiteater went at it. Unlike the other Spring Knights, he didn’t fall for Rabbiteater ramming him, trying to trip him up, shove him, head-butt—all things that Redfangs considered fine game and which [Knights] didn’t teach.
Even so.
“He’s matched with Ser Medul, tricks or not!”
One of the [Squires] stared. Ser Medul was just as surprised; without Skills, Rabbiteater couldn’t easily break down his guard, and the two were sweating and circling while hammering at each other’s heavy guards.
As good as Ser Medul? The [Knight] called a halt as the Spring Knights watched, impressed, after nearly eight minutes of fighting.
“Neither one of us will get to the end, Ser Solstice. Unless you want to go there?”
Rabbiteater shrugged. He felt like Medul was a senior Hob if he were in Goblin terms, and had no desire to try and beat him just for that. Senior warriors needed to keep face and he liked the old trainer.
“You fight very well. One of the best where I come from.”
Medul laughed and flicked sweat out of his hair.
“Without Skills, I don’t think I’d be able to take down your guard, Solstice! Mind you—with Skills I hope I’d have more of a chance. Do you practice aura-Skills at all? No? Then you’re not exactly like us!”
He laughed. Rabbiteater glanced at him.
“I saw the flame-sword. Does Spring have theirs?”
Medul blinked.
“Dame Talia’s fire? And Ser Vitin’s shield? Of course we have our own! Ah—but you were riding with the newer members of our order. We couldn’t send veterans. I would have gone, but fire was better than spring, eh?”
Markus reddened a bit as Rabbiteater glanced at him. The Hobgoblin turned to Ser Medul.
“What does spring do?”
He’d seen the [Aura Blade] skill that Talia used, and the shield that Vitin could turn to fire. Both seared their opponents, and woe to anyone locking blades up close with the [Summer Knights].
Winter made sense too; frost. But what was spring and fall?
For answer, Medul raised his sword.
“[Wind Sheathe]!”
His training sword became enveloped in a shimmering vortex. Rabbiteater’s eyes narrowed. He saw flickers—nothing concrete, but a twisting force of motes of dust or dirt in the air.
Wind. Ser Markus raised his shield as Medul turned for a target. He flicked his sword and something hit Markus’ shield.
Not super-hard, but with an impact.
“Spring takes all forms, Ser Solstice. I can be the gust, the breeze—to hasten my swings or strike enemies from afar. If need be, I can draw on other elements. Such as—if I were fighting a more difficult foe? [Barkguard]!”
His shield sprouted with thick bark. It looked less impressive, but he moved as if it weighed nothing at all and when Rabbiteater asked to smack it, his blow bounced right off.
“Ooh. Nice.”
Auras. Ser Medul nodded and Rabbiteater realized the last power of his aura was manifesting itself. Even the Hobgoblin was tiring a bit after the long bout and exercise all morning. He glanced at Medul.
“You’re not tired.”
The Spring Knight grinned.
“Spring is youth! Energy! We can train or fight or run all day—at least, if you embody our order!”
