8.06 RT
Page 42
“This entire test is a stupid idea, even if Zelkyr had just popped upstairs for a week of study! It’s selfish, close-minded—what was it for, to stifle the other Archmages from getting a head start? There’s plenty of room up there and danger even for every Archmage over the last thousand years! What about Archmage Chandler? Would you have blocked him?”
“That question is moot. Archmage Chandler is dead.”
“Hah—”
He caught himself and both stared at each other. Eldavin rushed on.
“—the point is that this is a ridiculous, power-grabbing move. Petty.”
“I warn you to retract your insult.”
Her eyes narrowed. She loomed. He snapped.
“Retract? Petty is what I meant! Drakes can be the most childish, petty creatures in existence! And it seems Zelkyr never rose to become more than the average Drake, in the end!”
“Enough!”
Her body turned to flashing lightning. A gem—Eldavin threw up a shield as thunder boomed. He stumbled back.
Cognita nearly advanced on him, but held herself back. Her body was shining crystal now. She pointed a finger at the half-Elf.
“You will not slander my master! He was an [Archmage]! Greatest of his kind! Without flaw or failure!”
Her wrath would have cowed even the Archmages. A being of her magnitude—the half-Elf looked up at her.
Without fear. Just a bit of sadness. And that stopped Cognita. He shook his head.
“No, he was not. He was a mortal man, child. You speak as if I was not there. I remember him. We both knew he failed at times. Or do you forget what happened to the first of your sisters at Rhir?”
He remembered. He had lived those times, same as her. That made Cognita hesitate. She listened, furious, hungry, as he went on.
“Zelkyr, greatest of his kind? He was a genius, yes. You are shaped by that vast intellect and imagination. But also, his flaw. That he left more genius than not in his creations is his greatest legacy.”
“You—cannot say this.”
More emotion than she had felt in a century was flooding through the Truestone Golem. What was this stranger? He waved a finger at her.
“Can I not? When did words become anathema to Wistram? See the issue, young woman? Listen to me, Cognita Amerwing. I see two truths here, and know not which it is. But I present to you both as I see it: if Zelkyr is alive, then this is a terrible, merciless, stupid and thankless charge put upon you.”
He pointed at the waiting Golems.
“He is wounded, or in need! Or has abandoned the world as Archmage Valeterisa did. Either way, you are more than a sentinel. You are Truestone, and you must choose to be more than this.”
He tapped the ground with one foot. Then looked up at her.
“The other answer is that he is dead. In which case, you protect a dead Drake’s final orders. But you are then free. And you must be more. Which is it? Which?”
His words echoed in this place. And they, at least, were nostalgic. Easiest of all the things he had said so far.
Countless [Mages] had stood here and told her the exact same thing. Even the Necromancer had urged her to…
But even her master’s old friend had not shifted her. Cognita drew herself up. She knew the truth of it. And held it within her as she replied.
“My master’s will remains his will. That is all I will say, Magus. Nothing will sway me.”
She felt…hollowly triumphant at being able to reply thusly. And what would the Grand Magus do? Rage? Insult her master?
He looked at her, and exhaled. Cognita waited. And Eldavin scared the hell out of her.
“So that’s how it is. I see.”
He shook his head. The Truestone Golem hesitated.
“What do you mean?”
