8.06 RT
Page 33
How they progressed, even without magic.
But again—he had had such conversations with Reinhart long since, and she had expressed the same worries. Eldavin remained dutifully unimpressed.
 
—-
 
He needed to be aloof. Wise, impartial, a magical mentor, someone who could speak and inform opinions. That was Eldavin’s conclusion, for how else would he change Wistram?
And change it he must! He had promised Ryoka he would return, but he was aware now that his sojourn here would be at least two months, possibly four.
He couldn’t foresee any way to effect meaningful reform here without that amount of time. He would hurry—maybe quick-teleport back to the High Passes? Undoing all those protections was going to be a pain in the wings, but he would do it.
Yet, Eldavin’s vast mind, a Dragon’s intellect, was now turned on one goal: to make Wistram change for what he believed was the better.
For his arrival at the academy had shown him how it had kept some of its strength, but lost too much over only two centuries. Zelkyr was to blame and he had thoughts about that.
As well as Wistram’s blatant attempts to conceal Earth and amass power for themselves. Something needed to be done.
Another of his kin, or just another kind of person, might opine that the best solution was to raze Wistram to the ground and sink the entire citadel into the sea. Teriarch—even if that were possible for him alone—would not have done that.
The world needed Wistram Academy. There had been times in history that he had lived through when the lack of a magical heart had left the world in dire need, and times when they had staved off armageddon by sacrifice, integrity, and wisdom.
The world needed Wistram. What was up for debate was whether they needed this Wistram.
So his new faction would be the lever upon which to effect change. But carefully. But subtly. The issue was…Teriarch knew all kinds of devious stratagems and political plays.
But he’d failed with the riddles, at least, in part. Wistram did not follow the same rulebook as before, so Teriarch was wary of trying something that would have worked in the old days and might backfire now.
He couldn’t rely on old favorites like the Penta-Mage Antagonism, an old trick wherein you set up five [Mages] of roughly equal strengths in too-close proximity. You see, four [Mages] could coexist in relative harmony, but all but the rarest examples saw five competing powers inevitably turn to strife. Set them up, and watch them divide and fight until they’d destroyed whatever they were supposed to be protecting or working on.
He had to be innovative, rather than use something fun like that. And remember all the old failures!
It was almost easier to be ignorant and young, and not know the consequences of so many actions. Like…blood magic, for instance. Introduce that to a magical society and it could lead to [Mages] eating each other in basements.
Not all the time; in fact, a statistical minority of the times blood magic was adopted. But once you saw it happen once, you were disinclined to allow it to happen again.
The main thing was that he didn’t want to teach them too much. But he had to teach them something to establish himself.
That was how Eldavin found himself teaching a class of students on day three. They had begged him, and after some thought, he’d agreed to see what the level and competency was.
“[Mages], I come from an era before Zelkyr was Archmage. I remember old magic—and Wistram has changed. So, while I have agreed to demonstrate some spells, you will first show me your methods.”
