8.06 RT
Page 19
Even Rabbiteater hadn’t expected how fast he would go. He was still wearing his armor. And it occurred to him in the fragments of time as his sword extended towards the woman’s chest—
It might be a training weapon, but it was still a lead-filled wooden sword with at least two hundred pounds of force and incredible velocity behind it.
He saw the Warden’s eyes widen in slow-motion. She swung her sword up—as someone began to cry out.
“—going to hit her—”
Meisa finished speaking too late. She saw a cloud of dust. The Spring’s Warden reappeared, sword raised from the sweeping blow upwards.
Rabbiteater landed on his back a second after that. He went wump, so hard onto the practice court’s ground that he was without breath or thought for a good thirty seconds. Even then—he just lay there.
She’d sent him flying. So fast and so high that he thought he’d cracked his back at the very least.
“Ser Solstice, are you alright?”
Markus was first to break the circle of watchers. The Spring’s Warden had lowered her blade. She was there first, even so.
“Are you alright, Ser Solstice? You surprised me.”
She had flicked him into the air like a bug. In that moment—Rabbiteater had to admit it.
She was better than Garen Redfang. At least, in level. It was a hard admission for any Redfang, but Garen had stood as a strong Gold-rank. The Spring’s Warden could best him.
Although, if it came to a real battle, Garen might have her with his enchanted blade. But on the face of it, he’d never seen Garen use a Skill as wide-reaching as that.
Rabbiteater had fought Garen in that memorable battle outside of Liscor. If he’d had [Aspect of the Champion], he and the four others might have actually knocked him flat.
Greydath? Still no. The Spring’s Warden?
Well…the others clustered around him. They were proffering potions, wondering if he was unconscious, or they should pour it through his visor. Ser Markus was about to offer to check on Rabbiteater in private when the Hobgoblin sat up.
They expected him to be miffed, at the least. The Spring’s Warden was apologizing; she could have badly hurt him given how high she’d sent him. But the knight of Izril just made a sound through his visor.
It took them a second to realize he was chuckling. He looked at the Spring’s Warden.
“Got you to use a Skill. I win small, you win big.”
What could you say to that but to clap him on the back and laugh? That was the Season of Spring for you.
 
—-
 
The Summer’s Champion wished he had seen the bout between the Spring’s Warden and the newcomer [Knight]. There was a lot and a little to do in the Order of Season’s keep and he relished new, interesting things.
Not everyone took to the monastic lifestyle here. Summer Knights were about the crusade, and often left for extended periods. But their leader, the Summer’s Champion, had duties.
They…clashed. He got bored. He wanted to get into the war with Ailendamus, because their aggression rankled him. But he respected Knight-Commander Calirn’s authority.
Even so, he was impetuous, known to be hot-tempered at times. Like fire and ice, winter and summer clashed.
The Summer’s Champion, Greysten, got into things. He was all passion for a project or an idea, but he didn’t stick with it all the time, and delegated it, lost interest. That could be good…or bad.
There had been an incident already this year. Ice cream. He’d gotten into the frozen treat, which went so damn well with the heat. Brought some for the Season of Summer to share about, ate it…and ate it…
