8.06 RT
Page 3
In the end, it wasn’t a rout. Nor was it, in fact, a defeat. Ailendamus’ army retreated after three hours of fighting. They lost half their Greatbows to Griffin-strikes, and their army took nearly twelve thousand casualties.
The problem was, to Calirn, that Calanfer had taken nearly twenty thousand—and if you were counting valuable assets lost, they’d lost forty plus Griffins, at least two hundred Thronebearers, and a number of their other high-level forces.
“Ailendamus never intended to take the city. They intended to test the Dawn Concordat’s resolve and see how their armies faced up.”
The dry voice came from the left. Knight-Commander Calirn, head of the Order of Seasons, Pheislant’s Knight Order and one of the strongest in Terandria, turned to one of the other three leaders gathered here.
“The result, Fall Sentinel?”
He led the Season of Fall. He was both [Mage] and [Knight]. The man had white in his hair, but he could still tilt—even if the Fall Knights ran towards academic.
“They could do this a dozen times and they will, if the Dawn Concordat is unwise enough to take such battles. Those are rank-and-file [Soldiers] they will trade for Thronebearers and Griffins.”
“True enough.”
Calirn bit off. He saw the Spring’s Warden—youngest of those here by far, and the only woman in the room—and the Summer’s Champion, both look uncomfortable. They clearly didn’t like the Dawn Concordat’s odds already.
The Winter’s Watcher was not present, often keeping his own council or watching their borders. But the Summer’s Champion clenched his fist.
“And we will not be taking part, Knight-Commander?”
“Not yet. Pheislant is undecided and we cannot drag in our kingdom by ourselves, Summer’s Champion.”
Calirn sighed. The man glowered; like many Summer Knights, the Summer’s Champion embodied passion. It was not always a good thing and he often clashed with the [Winter Knight]’s attitudes.
“Calirn. They cannot stand alone! We are the Order of Seasons! If we enter the fray, Pheislant is not beholden to answer for us! We are connected, but separate.”
That was true. But Calirn just folded his arms.
“Greysten, you know as well as I that Ailendamus will not accept that excuse. We watch.”
What he left unspoken was simply that he wasn’t sure if the Order of Seasons should fight. Because…Ailendamus might go after Pheislant next.
Because they might lose. He knew the others knew it too. Calirn shook his head.
 
—-
 
That was the first battle of the war. There were more.
Two more battles had taken place since then. Ailendamus sent a far larger force supplemented by their war beasts—Armored Graen—to take the city. This time, the Dawn Concordat tried to make it a siege battle. The city fell too quickly to the Lancearrows; once the gates were open, the huge, thick, plodding beasts with six legs and insanely tough hide augmented by armor rampaged through the gates. And Ailendamus’ artillery meant that Griffins could not harry them.
Moreover, Ailendamus had the advantage in [Mages] as well. They fielded numerous [Mages] who cast [Poison Cloud] despite the Dawn Concordat’s objections to the use of the spell in war, as well as conventional spells like [Fireball].
Thereafter, the [Mage Marshall] in charge of this wing of offensives led her forces towards the second, more populous city of Treql, while more armies began to advance across Kaliv.
There, they suffered the first defeat of this war, and a surprising outcome that Knight-Commander Calirn witnessed live via scrying orb with the rest of the world.
