8.06 RT
Page 0

(Flowers of Esthelm, Book 3 of The Wandering Inn is coming out on audible! Click the link here to preorder it! Spread the word!)
 
The first nation threatened by the kingdom of Ailendamus was Kaliv. The northern-most member of the Dawn Concordat occupied the rocky highlands, even ‘smaller’ mountains and passes leading north.
As one of the three members of the Dawn Concordat, the alliance of Calanfer, Kaliv, and Gaiil-Drome, Kaliv was naturally the first guard in northern aggression. Calanfer, most southern, would fight foes to the east and coming up from the coast. The kingdom of Gaiil-Drome, forested, home to a large half-Elf population and the half-Elven villages was considered safest in times of war; Pheislant was one of the few nations that would attack from the west.
[Strategists] had been analyzing Ailendamus’ first moves long before war was actually declared. They were largely on-mark; Ailendamus had imposed a naval blockade to stifle trade and any relief goods. It wasn’t a huge loss to the Dawn Concordat so long as they kept their other trade routes open, and of course, they had stockpiles of food.
However, Ailendamus was a powerhouse in the region, the largest kingdom in all of southern Terandria and arguably one of two or three of the most powerful without exception. The last hundred and sixty years and reign of four [Kings] had seen massive expansion and aggression.
“The fact that it’s Ailendamus against the Dawn Concordat is unfortunate. However, the fact remains that unless Ailendamus can secure an access treaty to assault the Dawn Concordat by way of Calanfer, they will have to fight through Kaliv’s frontier. And that is not easy.”
One of the [Strategists] in Pallass opined on the segment with Noass and Sir Relz on ongoing military conflicts. He correctly pointed out what would happen in the next two weeks.
Ailendamus had begun raiding and razing the fertile lowlands of Kaliv. In response, the people were evacuated. Then they sent in their first army, a huge invasion force sixty thousand strong.
‘Testing’ the Dawn Concordat, although armies of that size had destroyed entire legions in the field and multiple kingdoms. By the same token—forces far larger had also been stopped.
Most famous on people’s lips was a comparison that was unsociable to make in this day and age: the time when the Archmage of Death, Perril Chandler, had held off an army of four kingdoms, four hundred thousand strong, in the same passes of Kaliv.
But of course, that had been during a particularly ugly war where Kaliv had been all but beaten. If they made it to Krawlnmak’s Pass—Calanfer and Gaiil-Drome were in danger of falling because the Dawn Concordat had expended its power and failed to keep Kaliv from being overrun.
So the first army marched. Sixty thousand, to see what Calanfer did. They headed for the low-lying cities of Kaliv, rather than try and ascend.
If they went for Lufelt, the mountain-capital of Kaliv, the Griffin Queen would probably let them march all the way up through the treacherous mountain passes, raiding and ambushing them or collapsing the mountain, and then let them try to siege huge, vertical terrain while Griffins dropped stones on their heads and the famous goat-cavalry kicked them off the face of the mountain.
No, the first army wanted a fight. And so they marched on Memda—a border city fortified against general attack, but which the Dawn Concordat wasn’t willing to lose without a struggle, especially since it would prove to be a staging ground for the other armies already on the march from the kingdom of Ailendamus.
