8.06 RT
Page 1
The global audience, watching, even placing bets, or speculating as to the outcome more as interested viewers than concerned people—at least, those not of Terandria—were not privy to the debate between the three members of the Dawn Concordat. If they had been, they would have understood an argument led to the battle at Memda.
Novakya, the Griffin Queen of Kaliv.
Reclis of House Marquin, King of the Eternal Throne of Calanfer.
Solen Wildheart, the Ruler of the Forests of Gaiil-Drome.
Each one had advisors of course, but the rulers were active participants in decision-making, although each one drew on various levels of expertise.
Novakya wanted the battle, refusing to let Memda be taken. Solen was of the opinion that it should only be garrisoned by a token force that would fall back and deny the city afterwards, collapsing walls, poisoning wells.
Reclis du Marquin was the most cautious and would have given up the city in favor of more advantageous battlefields. However—Novakya’s lands were in danger, and after some debate, all three monarchs agreed to make it a battle to test Ailendamus, as well as the reverse.
Thus, the Dawn Concordat met the Ailendamus force with seventy thousand of their own forces, drawing most heavily upon Kaliv’s standing armies, but supplementing them with conscripts from Calanfer. Gaiil-Drome supplied their [Woodland Rangers], half-Elven soldiery, as well as some of their [Forest Knights], but in fewer numbers; they contributed twelve thousand dedicated [Archers] as their main focus.
Calanfer sent many levied, newly-minted [Soldiers] or [Militia], to the tune of nearly twenty thousand, led by one of their lesser [Generals]. If that seemed paltry compared to the four hundred Griffins and armored foot in the thousands that Kaliv added to the low-level soldiery—Calanfer’s largest contribution was symbolic and meant to be one of the striking hammers against Ailendamus.
They sent a thousand Thronebearers, the royal [Knights] of Calanfer into battle. The largest Knight Order of the three nations would go up against the [Knights] of Ailendamus. The Order of the Thirsting Veil, the Order of the Hydra, and the Order of Drell—Drell Knights, as they were colloquially known.
To a student of knight-orders, Ailendamus possessing three spoke to the size of the kingdom. The Order of the Thirsting Veil was smallest, possessing deadly poisons often derided as ignoble by some knight orders. The Order of Drell was larger, but both were still smaller than the Order of the Hydra combined.
In brief—the Order of Drell had been founded due to Ailendamus’ wetlands. Similar but different to other marshland Kingdoms like Desonis. They specialized in aquatic warfare and could actually fight underwater.
The Order of the Hydra was plentiful, unmounted, favoring foot-knights who were drawn from common stock almost to the exclusion of nobility. They were shock troops, who used warhammers and broke the lines of enemy heavy infantry.
The engagement between both armies began with both height and the local city favoring the Dawn Concordat, as well as a slight numbers advantage. Gaiil-Drome’s famous [Archers] were ready to harry the opposition whilst Kaliv’s Griffins secured the skies and dropped projectiles as well as dove to assault the enemy. The Thronebearers would take to the field in the center, and be supplemented by flank charges by the other [Knights] and ram-cavalry.
However, Ailendamus had also prepared for their foes’ unique compositions. They had brought the famous lance-arrows of Ailendamus, which were part of the kingdom’s sigil.
