8.06 RT
Page 6
Ser Markus had bellowed it up at the figure, whose armor looked closer to frozen ice than anything else. The figure had inclined a huge mane of pale white hair and turned. His armor had been trimmed with thick fur, and he had carried a single enchanted axe with a blue glow to the edge, and a shield with ancient sigillary in the other.
“Who that?”
Rabbiteater had pointed. Ser Markus had explained.
“The Winter’s Watcher, Ser Solstice. One of the four leaders of the Order of Seasons, under the Knight-Commander himself. He is a solitary figure; much as the Order of Winter are. They do not seek company, but fight alone, or in small groups if they must.”
“Ah. And they are the best ones?”
Markus hesitated. Talia tossed her head and looked back. She was a Summer Knight, he, a Spring Knight. She was his senior, and replied in a stiff voice.
“Not as a rule, Ser Solstice. They are…more experienced by and large, that is true, but great [Knights] exist in every order! They are the fewest, however; [Knights] turn to their Season as they age. Sometimes. It is not a rule. Some stay in their season regardless of their age.”
Rabbiteater had read between her words. He distilled her speech and Ser Markus’ following explanation into a far simpler one.
Old, grumpy veterans. Like a bunch of veteran Redfang Hobs or even regular Goblins. Scarred, maybe not as quick or energetic as newly-minted Redfangs, but the ones who took you to pieces the instant you dropped your guard.
“He was alone, though.”
He pointed out to Ser Markus as they continued the rest of their short journey. Ser Markus nodded.
“He is sworn to protect our headquarters, Ser Solstice. He returns—you may see him in the keep, but he often watches the border, even if he knows we are coming.”
“Right. But he was alone.”
The Spring Knight tilted his head until he realized what Rabbiteater meant.
“Ah—do not worry, Ser Solstice. If a larger force were coming, he would raise the alarm. But he would slow any foe who arrived, at the very least!”
“By himself?”
The other [Knights] nodded, as if a single person charging into a fight wasn’t stupid.
“The Winter’s Watcher is a superior fighter, Ser Solstice. He could stop countless foes by himself. The heads of each season sometimes duel, and he wins more than any of the other three—except for perhaps the Spring’s Warden. But she is the best duelist by far.”
“Mm. And the other two? The…”
“Summer’s Champion. Just as good in combat as the Winter’s Watch and Spring’s Warden!”
Markus raised his voice for Talia and the other two Summer Knights. He confided in Rabbiteater.
“More of a commander, though. And the Fall’s Sentinel, who is, er, more academic. But superior with a blade even so! You may meet all of them. The Knight-Commander as well. I think…they will be interested in meeting you.”
He gave Rabbiteater a sidelong look. The Hobgoblin knew he was remembering his face.
The face he had seen after the escape from the Bear General’s camp. Yet—Ser Markus had not said a word of it to anyone as far as Rabbiteater could tell. He’d spent a week of sleepless nights, but no one had tried to kill him in his sleep.
There were changes. But he rode into the Order of Season’s keep and stood as the Knight-Commander himself and two of the season’s heads greeted their [Knights].
“Ser Solstice of Izril. I thank you for your aid to my order. And I welcome you into our keep. You are an honored friend, and you may avail yourself of our hospitality.”
