8.06 RT
Page 41
“I am not here to challenge Zelkyr’s might. I am not here to do battle with his children, least of all what might be the last of his three. Oldest, and last. I came, hoping to ask you—”
He hesitated. But the Golem was hostile and he had already mistepped, by accident. She had seen his magical acumen. So he said it.
“—is Zelkyr not still alive? If so, will you not ask him to return?”
The Truestone Golem made no move. But for a second—the Golems of Wistram stuttered about their duties. She looked at the half-Elf. And she was certain.
“You are not a Grand Magus. Who are you?”
“Will you not allow me entry?”
“If you attempt it, you will die.”
She warned him. The half-Elf looked—distraught.
“Child.”
“Do not call me that.”
Cognita had not spoken so for…Eldavin’s eyebrows drew together. He was trying to be understanding. But he was still a Dragon.
“Young woman. I advise you not to take that tone with me. I walked this very ground before your master was born. He was a strong [Archmage]. But you can see how this accident is curtailing magic. Does the emergence of another world not change your opinions?”
The Truestone Golem looked at this stranger. Conflicted. How long had it been since someone asked that? Yes, she had opinions. But even she had forgotten that she had once exercised hers.
Then. But he came from a time before even then.
“Grand Magus, my master’s order remains. What is there to speak of?”
“Spoken like a good child. And you were, weren’t you?”
She shook with the shock of that statement. Eldavin’s old eyes were pitying again. He shook his head.
“Time has changed, Cognita of Wistram. I do not believe—no, I know that Zelkyr would not have created this test to last nearly a hundred and what, a hundred and fifty years? He would have replaced that Golem. Something has gone wrong.”
One of the Golems was…twitching…Cognita stared at it and it stopped. She thought—then fell back to a response.
“I will not answer speculation as to what lies above.”
Eldavin tugged at his beard, vexed by her obstinate response.
“Something is wrong. Perhaps I can help. Or not. Either way—this is a harsh request for a sentient being. I have known Djinni set to similar tasks. I wished to speak with you in friendship, not this way, young woman. Zelkyr—”
“Archmagus Zelkyr set me to this task, Eldavin of Izril. He will decide when I am to be relieved. Only his words, no one else’s.”
“And is he alive?”
The word cracked around the room. Silence resulted. Eldavin looked at Cognita. He took a breath; controlled his temper! He exhaled, slowly.
“Even so. Acknowledge for a moment, Miss Cognita, that this order is in error.”
“My master does not make errors.”
The half-Elf’s left eye twitched. He couldn’t let this one go.
“What a ridiculous statement.”
Cognita drew herself up. That was the wrong thing to say. Her eyes flashed ruby-red. Literally.
“Do you insult the Archmage of Golems?”
“I do! Or at least, I argue that he was not without flaw. Even Dragons are not without flaw!”
The half-Elf’s bold retort in front of the mightiest Golems present astonished her. He strode forwards and shoved a finger up at her.
“A dutiful daughter can go too far, young woman! You are not the Truestone Constructs who rebelled of old, but you would do well to be more independent than a Sentient—no, Autonomous-class Golem!”
Cognita reflexively gasped. It was such an old insult that she—reacted—
She hadn’t heard that kind of insult since—but the half-Elf wasn’t done. His ire was piqued, and he had a barbed tongue when he was mad.
