8.06 RT
Page 27
One of the Summer Knights insisted on trying Rabbiteater with full Skills and gear. Everyone watched as the [Champion]’s armor shone; his enchanted axe and the extending blade kept the Summer Knight well clear, and the cloak of blood actually blocked a bolt of fire with a hiss. Rabbiteater charged in and overpowered his foe with [Enhanced Strength].
“Well done. Well done.”
The Summer’s Champion was treating him like one of his inner circle! Talia swallowed her feelings as Ser Solstice lurched a bit, still sobering up. He took a long sip of water; it was hot in the courtyard where so many Summer Knights were gathered.
“‘Tis unfair to make him duel one of the Grandmasters, Summer’s Champion! But he has not yet been bested in full combat!”
One of the Summer Knights called out. It was true. Only one person had actually challenged Rabbiteater with full gear—or practice weapons but Skills. Not Ser Medul; only the younger [Summer Knight] whom Rabbiteater had beaten.
“He’s half-drunk. Maybe you can have a go at him later if you want to make a point, Dame Pitram. But I do wonder—is Dame Voost here?”
Talia blinked. Dame Voost was present, and stepped forwards.
“She is our best [Knight] with a blade, Ser Rabbit—er, Ser Solstice.”
Talia’s ears twitched at the name. That couldn’t be a nickname. She wanted to know. And felt…she saw the Summer’s Champion indicate the woman.
“Do you think you could make a fair match of it? Even beat her?”
He grinned. The [Summer Knight] smiled.
Bravado in the air, laughter—it was something actually a bit foreign to Talia. She felt more stiff than Rabbiteater at this moment, as if they’d reversed sides. Somehow—he knew the company of veterans more than she.
The Hobgoblin took one look at Dame Voost, and tilted his head. Then he replied, audibly, for all.
“Maybe. Think I can win.”
The Season of Summer liked that. They laughed, or urged him to give it a shot. Dame Voost indicated the enchanted axe.
“Gear, or Skills, Ser Slayer? I will settle for practice weapons and you with the axe if you will it, to make up for your drinking.”
“No injuries! I’ll step in if I think someone will get hurt!”
The Summer’s Champion declared. Rabbiteater just shrugged.
“Practice sword works.”
Oho. Talia’s eyes narrowed at the same time as Dame Voost. Was he taking her lightly because of her gender? Some [Knights] did—
But she did not know Goblins. Rabbiteater made no such assumptions. But he was confident.
The Season of Summer watched as Voost began walking counter-clockwise around him. She used sword and kite shield.
The Summer Knights watched, now curious to see if the Knight of Solstice was all talk. They knew Dame Voost’s bladework and he wasn’t that good—especially drunk. But maybe a Skill?
The woman was waiting for him to make the first move. She had a step-in that could rival a [Fencer]’s, but her real strength was a burst-of-strength Skill that would beat even [Enhanced Strength] in a close contest.
Rabbiteater knew his plan. He waited, until Dame Voost’s eyes narrowed and she began to tense—then he raised his sword suddenly. She braced—
And he tossed the practice sword down on the ground. The Summer Knights stared as the Hobgoblin raised two gauntleted hands and made fists.
“What now, Ser Solstice? Are you giving up?”
She called to him. The Goblin grinned.
“No.”
“Pick up your sword, then.”
“No. Fight me.”
He challenged her. And then—the Summer’s Champion burst out laughing. Some of the other Summer Knights shook their heads. Talia was appalled.
