8.06 RT
Page 4
The [Mage Marshall] had been leading a second battle where the Dawn Concordat tried to hold the walls, knowing that her force of ninety thousand would sweep them if they couldn’t choke the enemy. The Kaliv-main force was tough and entrenched, but the [Mage Marshall] had been throwing poisonous gas clouds, spells at the Griffins who normally dropped stones and other projectiles and decimated armies trying to siege the enemy.
She would have broken them, Calirn was sure. But that was when the Griffin Prince of Kaliv and the disgraced wing that were half-outlaws, half-vigilantes entered the fray.
The Griffin Prince. Stripped of his name, stripped of his right to succeed Novakya. Cursed, some said, by one of Terandria’s monsters. He had formed a wing of [Griffin Riders] out of former [Bandits], [Murderers], and other dregs of society, giving them one last chance to fight for honor.
They were not tolerated by Kaliv—but they were not hunted either. They were in a grey zone where Kaliv usually pretended they did not exist.
Calirn had heard stories about the immortal Griffin Prince and the tragedy around…her. The Spider. But he had not realized the true nature and power of the young man’s curse until today.
The Griffin Prince flew over the battlefield at a height above even the lancearrows. Spells and long-range shots tried to strike him, but his wing flew close-cover, deflecting or taking the shots meant for his Royal Griffin. They dropped stones, but those were blocked by barrier spells. What the [Mage Marshall] had never considered was that they would drop the Griffin Prince himself.
He fell among the stones, unnoticed at first. Surely the young man should have been splattered by the impact on the mage-barriers, or just disintegrated. But somehow—he survived.
He landed among the command of Ailendamus’ forces. Calirn saw the [Mage Marshall] blast him with a spray of poison—then a lance of magic through his chest. He staggered—brought up his axe—
And it bounced off her barrier-charm. He was diced into pieces in a second by her personal guard.
It didn’t kill him.
The second strike didn’t kill the [Mage Marshall] as, disbelieving, she saw him re-knit. But the third slew her, even as her guard tried to hack the young man apart.
The bewildered army saw the fighting in the command. It took thirty minutes—but the entire command began to flee as the Griffin Prince slaughtered the entire retinue defending the point. He destroyed three of the Greatbows before his wing dove to retrieve him; a replacement leader was attempting to capture, rather than kill him.
The Griffin Prince’s mad heroics inspired Kaliv’s forces. They sallied as, leaderless, Ailendamus’ forces lost morale. The Wing of Shame, the Griffin Prince’s retinue, took the battle to one flank, destroying Greatbows.
Ailendamus’ army didn’t even manage to retreat. Tens of thousands of [Soldiers] surrendered in the first upset of the war.
A brave boy. Calirn still couldn’t believe the dread magic that had let him survive countless deaths, however. He knew the power of the Stitch Witch, the Temptress, the Spider, Belavierr.
Even so. Ailendamus’ assault was foiled as the [Generals] no doubt took precautions against such a strike again. But the Griffin Prince used his deathlessness like a weapon without peer. He attacked raiding parties by himself, challenging groups as many as twenty strong and killing them—not by superior force of arms, but by an inability to die.
