8.06 RT
Page 11
There were a handful of guests, too. Aspiring [Squires] who got to see what life here was like. Noble guests, or people, usually of Pheislant, come to do business or petition the order.
Fellow [Knights] too. The Order of Seasons tried to keep strong relationships with their fellow orders, who they might well fight beside.
So Ser Solstice was not the attraction of the hour. But he was certainly noticeable. Even [Knights] gossiped and the mysterious knight of Izril, who refused to take off his helmet and had bested a [General] in one-on-one combat was of note. Not to mention his Goblin-slaying prowess.
This was what Ser Markus saw. Ser Solstice entered the banquet hall and found Dame Talia standing and talking with some of the Summer Knights. The Goblin [Knight] approached. Talia saw him coming and excused herself. She moved away to get some food.
“Ser Solstice. We may collect whatever you would like over there.”
Markus had shown him the food prepared by [Cooks], much like a cafeteria, albeit without the need for payment. Ser Solstice had gotten a drink of goat’s milk. He looked for Talia. She was sitting with more [Knights] of the Spring. He walked over.
She stood up and moved away. She did not look at him—but it was no coincidence. Ser Markus narrowed his eyes as some of their company, most, bewildered, stopped and watched.
Dame Meisa, Ser Lloyd, and Ser Vitin all watched with varying expressions on their face. Talia moved away with her tray. Ser Solstice followed.
“Talia.”
“Excuse me…Ser Solstice.”
She walked away again, and again. Ser Markus saw the armored [Knight] stop and look after her. He had no expression behind the visor, but Ser Markus saw his head turn after Talia.
Confusion became hurt as understanding bloomed. The Goblin Slayer stood there, looking after the Summer Knight as she went over to some of the Fall Knights who looked around, surprised to see her.
The interplay was not missed on the [Knights] who had been observing Ser Solstice. Now, one of the Knights of Spring, Ser Medul, turned to Ser Markus from where he sat. He was in his late thirties, very ‘old’ by the Spring Knight standards. But he was youthful, energetic, one of those sorts of people who never ran out of energy until they slept. He belonged to the Spring, whilst Ser Markus might eventually change seasons.
“I do not know this Ser Solstice, Markus. I heard of him just as you returned from Izril. But that is a troubling sight. Has Dame Talia lost all decency, or has something come up? Perhaps he romantically petitioned her? If so, she should refuse him outright, rather than act that way.”
He nodded at Talia and the silent Goblin [Knight], Markus chewed on his lip as the other [Knights] looked at each other.
“I cannot say fully, Ser Medul. It goes to a vow of secrecy between Ser Solstice and those of us who inadvertently witnessed the truth of it.”
“Ah.”
The other [Knights] who had not seen Ser Solstice glanced at Markus, Meisa, Lloyd, and Vitin. Lloyd bit his lip and nodded. Vitin was troubled, as was Meisa, who looked uncomfortable.
Ser Medul and some of the other Spring Knights sitting there frowned. The senior [Knight] nodded to Markus after a moment.
“Then I will not inquire since it is a matter of honor. However—without knowing the why of it, I still find Dame Talia’s actions to be uncouth at the least.”
With that, he stood and called out across the hall.
“Excuse me, Ser Solstice of Izril! Come sit with us, tonight! The Season of Spring would welcome you among us!”
