8.06 RT
Page 15
And then meeting a Human in a battle in a city called Esthelm. Fighting the Goblin Lord. Losing friends. Coming to an inn, where a Human, for the second time ever, didn’t see them as monsters.
Erin Solstice.
“I have heard of that inn. Liscor. And that is where you came from?”
“Yes. After the big battle.”
“The siege with Lord Veltras. But the inn stands?”
Rabbiteater’s heart hurt.
“Yes. She is there. But I…my brothers are gone. So I went. Can’t go back. Hurts too much.”
He would go back. He had promised her. But—have an adventure. She knew he was alive. She had told him to have one.
Fall in love. Why didn’t she tell him it was like getting kicked repeatedly in the stomach too?
“An [Innkeeper]. Raskghar. Cave Goblins. What a story. That is a proper quest, a proper adventure! You put half the Season of Spring to shame with it alone.”
Ser Markus sat back. It was interesting, the reactions of the three.
Ser Lloyd was most wary. He kept staring at Rabbiteater and then looking away. But he listened, despite his clear misgivings.
Meisa looked…intrigued, guilty, and interested. She had liked hearing of Erin’s kindness, and how it had changed the Redfang five.
Ser Markus was simplest. Sheerly admiring. He did not seem to hold the Goblin’s nature against him. The reason bore out as he rose.
“I was lucky enough to know half-Elves—not in a traditional village, but a proper settlement that traded with my hamlet. I grew up in Gaiil-Drome—the forest nation. I always thought they were much maligned when I heard stories of them later.”
“So, you are a [Champion] and became a [Knight] after meeting us?”
Lloyd looked at Rabbiteater. The Goblin shrugged.
“Yes. Armor is armor. I liked [Knights], though. They are silly—but brave.”
The Spring Knights exchanged a look. Lloyd looked half-offended, but then smiled despite himself.
“Spoken like the other seasons. But one thing I don’t understand. You still didn’t say how you managed to down the Bear-General. You kept saying you had help. I thought you meant a potion. But you said it was a Skill? Sent by the [Innkeeper]? Across the ocean?”
His tone was disbelieving. Rabbiteater smiled.
“Erin is Erin. Very crazy. Does strange things. She is…strange.”
Lloyd looked at Rabbiteater. Then he sat back.
“You smiled for the first time when you spoke of her, sir.”
Rabbiteater realized he was. And that made all the difference. Lloyd looked at the others, then rose.
“This is incredible. I—I’ve fought Goblins. Killed them. No offense, Rabbiteater, but I was prepared to tell the Spring’s Warden, or Knight-Commander Calirn upon returning here. I—didn’t, but I feel guilty at the thought. Goblins have been mine enemy the entire time.”
He looked at Rabbiteater. Meisa bit her lip and Ser Markus frowned.
“We swore an oath, Ser Lloyd!”
“I know! But can you fault me for questioning, Markus?”
The man ran a hand through his hair. Rabbiteater shrugged.
“Humans kill Goblins. Goblins kill Humans.”
“Yes, but you make your tribe sound so—so—then why are we fighting?”
Rabbiteater shrugged again.
“No clue.”
Lloyd collapsed with a sigh.
“I can see your tribe—the Redfangs?—they would be the worst [Bandits] in the eyes of any Humans. Goblins with a mastery of weaponry. And you say they were all trained to that level? By this Garen Redfang?”
“Yes. Gold-rank adventurer.”
“Are other tribes led by Goblins like that? Tell us, pray.”
Lloyd leaned in. Markus as well. Meisa listened as Rabbiteater tried to explain.
 
—-
 
