8.06 RT
Page 26
“I struggle with such things, Rabbiteater, until I have an answer that suits me. I cannot live without one. I fear only that I am wrong, which is why I listen to Calirn and other, more cool-headed voices. I could never be the Grandmaster of the entire Order. I am little suited to Summer, in truth. But…a better man than me could not take the post. His name was Ser Raim and he passed, a few months ago. Dame Talia and her company rode to his aid. But he was lost.”
“What happened?”
The Summer’s Champion shook his mane of hair.
“I will not speak the name of the one who would sour even this moment. Suffice it to say, Ser Raim embodied the better parts of our natures—he and I were both contenders for this position. But he could keep himself calm and fight with fire in his heart. I am less controlled. But he…lost his love. And rage and vengeance and the desire for justice consumed him.”
Rabbiteater nodded.
“I had a brother who was a [Berserker]. Got mad. But also sad. Good brother. I have his axe.”
Headscratcher. The Summer’s Champion smiled. They began to swap stories.
At some point, more Summer Knights joined in. Older, more senior ones, who wanted to get a sense of this new [Knight]—and why Talia and Vitin had disgraced themselves in the Summer Champion’s eyes.
They found little to reproach. It was like hanging out with Redfangs again. If the Spring Knights were younger Redfangs, these were the old ones, the veterans who joked around, like Spiderslicer, Redscar, who’d seen battle. Who got mad, too.
“Ailendamus is the aggressor! We fight injustice where it occurs, Ser Zulv!”
The Summer’s Champion roared across the table. Ser Zulv barked back.
“And bring the Order of Seasons into a war that will weaken both nations? We cannot end this war on one lance-charge, Summer’s Champion!”
“What then? We let Ailendamus grow until it eats every nation in the south? I say, we throw four hundred Summer Knights into the conflict and dare them to come after us here! Or do you think the Dawn Concordat’s day is done? The Thronebearers won’t see to it!”
The intense disdain for the Thronebearers’ skill-at-arms was something Rabbiteater could get behind. The Summer’s Champion slammed a hand on his back.
“Why, Ser Solstice is an example of even a [Knight-Errant] being superior to an entire order’s training! He forced the Spring’s Warden to use her Skill—how good are you with a blade, man?”
“Good.”
“Really? Let’s see.”
That was how Rabbiteater found himself, drunk, swinging away at the Summer’s Champion in the Season of Summer’s courtyard.
The Summer’s Champion needed no Skills either; he wasn’t as…graceful as the Spring’s Warden, but he was like Rabbiteater wanted to be. Someone who had mastered battle, or at least, reached a peak that Rabbiteater had not.
The Goblin Slayer threw up a bit after he got hit in the stomach. It even dented his armor. The Summer’s Champion helped him up.
“Good show! Are you well, Ser Rabbit?”
The other stirred at the accidental use of his name, but Rabbiteater liked it.
“Good! Can fight…”
“Really? Anyone else want to test his mettle? Let’s see axes!”
The Summer’s Knights—the drunk ones—joined in. The younger [Knights] watched, including two smelly ones, as Rabbiteater actually bested two more.
“He is good.”
