8.06 RT
Page 2
Massive, enchanted bolts which half-Giants had once strung from bows and fired at opponents. They were said to have killed Dragons and pulverized walls. These days, few half-Giants were in service even to Ailendamus, so they were mounted on Greatbows that were held by teams of archer-specialists.
Not ballistae, per se. Both sides fielded siege equipment, but neither had dedicated [Engineers] in their kingdoms, so Ailendamus possessed enchanted catapults—not the infamous Drake trebuchet. The Greatbows were closer to twin bows mounted vertically rather than horizontally in an x-pattern; they required enchantments to fire the huge arrows.
As the battle began Ailendamus proved to have the superior range even to Gaiil-Drome’s [Archers]. The heavy lance-arrows threatened and unnerved the Dawn Concordat’s army as they landed, sowing chaos and reminding everyone of a similar battle between the King of Destruction and the House of Minos. They even killed two Griffins before they could harass Ailendamus’ forces, although that was accorded a lucky shot, even with Skills.
Like the King of Destruction’s dilemma, the presiding [General], Lord-Commander Metris of Calanfer, elected to charge the enemy rather than attempt to dismantle the Greatbows first. He had seen that Ailendamus had brought far fewer [Knights] than the Dawn Concordat, and their [Soldiers]—while part of their standing armies—were superior in equipment and level to the levies, and considered that the Thronebearers and the varied forces would break their lines.
He charged, committing the Thronebearers to the first charge after the infantry clashed.
 
—-
 
There were good [Knights] and bad [Knights]. It would surprise no one to learn that not all [Knights], or knight-orders were equal. Yes, there were exceptional individuals in each order, but you could still rank them as a whole.
The Thronebearers of Calanfer were a political knighthood order. Suited to speaking poetry and attending balls as much as pure combat. They were not a weak order per se.
They did well against Ailendamus’ [Soldiers]. You could even say that one Thronebearer was worth…what, two and a half ordinary Ailendamus [Soldiers]?
But there was the rub. [Knights] were always in short supply, at least, where wars were concerned. They could hack apart weaker foes with their often-enchanted armor and Skills, not to mention devastating lance-charges on horseback.
The Knights of the Petal under Lady Bethal Walchaís, for instance, numbered less than two hundred and were a deadly fighting force even in small groups because they were untouchable against ordinary foes without means of breaking their expensive, enchanted armor.
The Thronebearers were arguably less elite than the Knights of the Petal. They still were a powerful force. But the problem was, to Knight-Commander Calirn of the Order of Seasons, as he watched the news report, simple.
Ailendamus’ [Soldiers] knew war. They were an active fighting force rather than the Thronebearers, who did not routinely engage in huge battles. The [Knights] kept themselves sharp, but the first army had steel without exception. Enchanted weapons among their [Sergeants] and officers. The Thronebearers had the advantage on the charge. But they began to take casualties and failed to break the lines of Ailendamus’ army.
The Dawn Concordat prized [Knights] more than the common levied-[Soldiers]. Or at least, the Calanfer [General] did. He pulled the Thronebearers back and tried to win with infantry alone.
