8.06 RT
Page 25
He wanted hers, which was stuffed with mackerel. She traded it for tomato and jerky. They sat together, as Meisa felt some of her guilt lift at last. After a while, she saw the visor open and snap shut; he was eating inside his helmet.
“Ser Solstice?”
“Mm?”
“Do you truly like rabbits that much?”
He leaned over.
“Nah. Just caught them because I was hungry. They got boring.”
“Ah.”
 
—-
 
“Ser Solstice! Do you have time tonight?”
A booming man caught Rabbiteater after they returned from the day-long expedition. The Summer’s Champion grabbed him by the shoulder.
“Yes. Something wrong?”
“Not at all. Let’s have a drink. I wanted to meet the man who acted so valorously for our Order. Come, come!”
And that was how the Summer’s Champion practically dragged Rabbiteater to one of the [Knight]’s drinking areas in the keep. They might be [Knights]—but they did keep alcohol for those who wanted it.
Rabbiteater drank through a straw. The Summer’s Champion kept staring at him.
He was…so unsubtle Rabbiteater figured out in a second who Meisa had told. Or thought he did. Thus, being wrong, but right for the wrong reasons. In the end, the Summer’s Champion came out with it after two drinks.
“I…know who you are, Ser Solstice. I was informed. And it falls to me to tell you that I was told of your nature. I did not ask, but there we are.”
Rabbiteater froze. The man was looking at him.
The Summer’s Champion, as the Hobgoblin had observed, was tall. Six foot three, maybe an inch taller? Tall, strong, orange of hair, and direct.
He was the kind of man who stood at the fore of battle and bellowed orders while laying about him. And he was direct, honest.
“You know I am…a Goblin?”
“Yes.”
They sat alone, in a quiet booth. The Summer’s Champion stared at Rabbiteater. Then he reached for his drink.
“I do not do well with subterfuge. Secrets eat at me until I spit them out. I know. And I have slain more Goblins than I can count. I am reckoning with it now, looking upon you.”
“Hm. And I have killed many Humans. Feels bad, sometimes. But they were trying to kill me.”
The Summer’s Champion blinked at him. Then he laughed.
“True! Like that—we could be enemy warriors who sit down for a drink. But there is more there. History and whatnot. The Fall’s Sentinel talked my ear off about it this morning…er…”
He realized that implied the Fall’s Sentinel knew too. Rabbiteater had suspected as much. Knight-Commander Calirn had spoken to him over dinner one time, just asked him about training and such.
He was not a genius, nor Erin-smart, but he wasn’t a fool either. He didn’t see why it bothered the [Knights] so much. If…Talia…had joined the Redfangs as a mysterious warrior in armor and he’d found out, he would have told Garen in two heartbeats.
Maybe. He thought about Garen’s temper and hesitated. If it was Erin…
“Ah, but there it is. We are [Knights]. Honor is at the heart of who we are, or we are no better than [Warriors]. Not to impugn them, but we must be more or we are not [Knights].”
To his surprise, the Summer’s Champion was quite philosophical as they talked about the issue. Only—he had convictions. He had an answer for any moral quandary you might have.
