8.06 RT
Page 14
If Knight-Commander Calirn’s deliberations had ended one way, the Spring’s Warden had dismissed Dame Meisa before dinner far differently.
“Dame Meisa, do you believe Ser Solstice is a [Knight]?”
The young Spring Knight had squirmed in her seat.
“I…do not know, Spring’s Warden. Nothing he has done has convinced me otherwise; quite the opposite.”
“Then why do you tell me of his nature?”
The older woman had waited. Meisa had shaken her head.
“Everything I have been taught is to watch for the danger of Goblins, Spring’s Warden. I do not know what to think, so I came to tell you—if only that someone knows the possible danger.”
“I see. And I see your reasoning, Dame Meisa. But I rebuke you nonetheless.”
“Spring’s Warden?”
The Season of Spring’s leader had looked at the young [Knight].
“It is right to fear a threat. It is unbecoming to gossip due to uncertainty, Dame Meisa. Which prompted your arrival here? Your realization of Ser Solstice’s danger to life and limb? Or your uncertainty of his nature?”
The young woman had colored. The Spring’s Warden sent her on her way.
“If you have a question of Ser Solstice? Uncertainties about him, why he is a [Knight]? Ask him yourself.”
Then she sat and meditated on the issue throughout the dinner hour. When she rose to break her fast, she was resolved.
She said nothing, did nothing, and had a pudding. Tomorrow, she would see Ser Solstice herself. Spring was change. She let things happen.
 
—-
 
And the results of her conversation bore out in Rabbiteater’s rooms that night. Dame Meisa, looking a bit ashamed, Ser Markus, and Ser Lloyd, all of the Spring, sat and stared as Rabbiteater slowly removed his helmet.
Ser Vitin, also of the Summer, had not joined them. Nor Talia, obviously. But Meisa had suggested it, and so they had asked Rabbiteater.
He took off his helmet and felt odd after so long wearing it like a second skin. They blinked.
“Spring ends.”
Ser Lloyd murmured the epitaph of their order. Ser Markus nudged him.
“Ser Solstice.”
“Rabbiteater. My name is Rabbiteater.”
The Hobgoblin was almost trembling as he put his helmet down. Meisa blinked.
“Rabbiteater? That is your name? Then you are…?”
“Rabbiteater. Solstice was…a friend. Human.”
They looked at him. The Hobgoblin stared back. After a moment, Ser Markus almost laughed.
“A Human friend? Ah—that makes sense! Ser…Rabbiteater, would you tell us more about how you came here?”
“You want to know?”
The Goblin [Champion] and [Knight-Errant] was surprised they hadn’t reacted more violently. He had expected…no, hoped…
Talia had done what he would have if he found a Redfang was a Human adventurer in disguise, really. Less. But he had hoped.
Some of the hope was born again here. Ser Markus nodded.
“It is an extraordinary tale, surely.”
“But you do not slay Goblins. You—pretend to. Unless those ears were Goblins you slew?”
Ser Lloyd looked uncomfortable. Rabbiteater shook his head.
“I told them to run away. The dead Goblins—I took ears from them. I do not kill Goblins. Unless they fight me. I do not kill Humans either. I…used to. I was a Redfang.”
“A what?”
They frowned. It was a long story. Rabbiteater did his best, but he was no Numbtongue with the fancy eloquence of language. But he’d learned to speak better and made a decent telling of it.
They did not know of the Redfang Tribe, or the famous Garen Redfang. But they listened as he clumsily tried to tell them about growing up, being sent on a mission to kill an [Innkeeper]. Getting lost. So lost.
