8.06 RT
Page 37
He glanced around. Valeterisa nodded at him and he nodded back. Eldavin concluded.
“Also remember that Archmages were deeply political. Wistram seems to pretend to aloofness in this era. But Zelkyr fought for the Walled Cities. Archmage Chandler involved himself in Terandrian affairs time and time again. Both fought against the Demons of Rhir, for better or worse.”
“But Grand Magus—the factions of Terandria do the same. Some of them. The Council argues over too much interference.”
A [Mage] pointed that out. Eldavin glared at him.
“Young mage, I said Archmages were political. Not petty. They did not stand by and idly toss words or condemnations around. When words failed, they went to war and armies trembled in their boots. I recall one famous example—this is ancient history, even when Zelkyr was just a brat—where one Archmage took to the field and the enemy left a brown field in retreat. They called it the Embarrassment of Bermule…”
 
—-
 
Eldavin was earmarking individuals. As of yet, the Terras faction had yet to gain Council seats, but he was willing to ‘steal’ members of other factions. Some would be spies, but many would come for what he offered.
The best would be like Valeterisa. But the point was to have a voice in Wistram’s decisions. Make allies, ‘get’ Earthers.
Eldavin was ambivalent about that last part. But if he had people he wanted to join?
The young [Sand Mage] with the alias was one. There were some talents in the new student body, who could actually become something with a bit of polish. The surly young man from Hellios with a [Lord]’s class and good swordsmanship was being steered into pure magic. He would be a great [Magical Swordsman]!
“Lifesand Golems.”
The half-Elf muttered to himself. Now there was proof that strong magic still remained, even in the Waning World. Potential…
He had tea with Valeterisa.
“I lost myself for ten years in attempting to uncover a lost spell theorem. I regret that. It was lucky I was…awoken.”
The woman shook her head slightly. Eldavin raised his brows.
“Indeed so. [Mages] have died, even half-Elves, caught in mental mazes for as long as a century. And if you were uncovering a theorem, subdivision of thought is a poor way to do it.”
Her eyes locked on his.
“That is not my understanding, Grand Magus. Please qualify that statement.”
He harrumphed.
“Young w—Archmage. Do you really think more fractured thoughts is a good way to master a magical leap of genius? For improving—yes. For the purest quill of insight?”
She stared at him. He realized he’d gone too far and coughed repeatedly into his beard.
“So I’ve heard. I have never mastered the technique myself. Dangerous. Er…about good candidates for the faction.”
“I have a list of candidates who would be strong [Mages] with influence. Here.”
“Excellent. Ah—Mage Telim, even?”
“He added himself to the list.”
“Then I will accept him without reservation. He seems quite qualified, if a bit lazy. No olfactory component in his illusions, which I think ruins the entire experience. Smell completes, don’t you agree?”
She nodded slowly. Eyes fixed on him. But Eldavin was careful to include gaps in his knowledge. It was better to present as a qualified master of lower magical arts, broad in scope, but lacking, say, the ability to create artifacts. A superior generalist, yes.
 
—-
 
The other Archmages were interesting. Eldavin met them all. He found Valeterisa most likable, and made a few conclusions about the others which he would later find out if they were correct or not.
