8.06 RT
Page 12
The Goblin Slayer’s head turned. He walked over, and sat. Ser Markus tried to smile, but the Goblin’s expression was unreadable.
“Hi.”
…But he sounded depressed. Ser Medul introduced himself, reaching out to shake his hand.
“I am Medul of House Medoit—of Pheislant. Shall I call you Ser Solstice or by any other name?”
“…Solstice is fine. Lots of [Knights] here.”
It was a comment that made Ser Medul smile. Small talk, without understanding the idea of it. It made sense to Ser Markus now he knew…
“Dame Talia might be—she is—I cannot make excuses for her, Ser Solstice.”
He spoke at last, uncomfortably, having yet to touch his dinner. The Goblin’s head slowly turned.
Was there a flash of crimson behind the visor? He looked at Markus, as the other [Knights] watched him while eating. Markus had no idea what he was thinking, but at last, the armored head nodded slowly.
“She thinks one way. This is how it is. That is what happened.”
He slowly took a sip from his drink with the wooden straw. Markus exhaled. It was so…fatalistic a statement. It made him endlessly curious as to—
Curiosity belonged to spring and fall, both seasons of great change. Ser Medul glanced at Ser Solstice and eventually nodded.
“Let us put aside dour thoughts tonight. Ser Solstice, I hear you are responsible for freeing my companions from the clutches of Ailendamus! I propose a toast to your valor—and tales of how you bested the Bear of Ailendamus!”
He rose. The Spring Knights, always fast to toast, with alcohol or not, all jumped to their feet. Rabbiteater blinked around as the mood suddenly turned energetic.
“Yes, are you a specialist in unarmed combat? I saw you beat the Bear with your bare hands! And I would have sworn he could have thrown down with the best of our Order barehanded, armor or not!”
One of the Spring Knights who had not seen his face leaned in. Rabbiteater shrugged.
“I had help. Got lucky.”
“Tell us the entirety of it, then. From start to finish. Ser Markus? We heard you were at sea, but was it true you ran afoul of the blockade and refused to surrender?”
“Hardly, Dame Thris! There we were, sailing for Pheislant when Ailendamus’ fleet found us and demanded our surrender! We debated over fighting when they claimed we would be sunk if we refused, but we did little more than draw our swords. For that, they demanded we surrender and claimed it was an act of aggression…”
Stories. On the first night, Rabbiteater met the Season of Spring. They clustered around him. Eating, talking—and not once did they ask him to remove his helmet. They wanted to know, but they caught themselves when asking about his past.
They were curious, but they had vows. And they stood together, a group of warriors bound by purpose. It reminded him of his tribe. His family.
He wished they could have had a keep of stone and magic, and wonderful weapons and food you didn’t have to ration.
His heart hurt when he thought of Talia.
 
—-
 
“A Goblin Knight? That is a thing of stories, Knight-Commander Calirn.”
The Fall’s Sentinel was an older [Knight]. Slimmer, and, like his Season, less martial than the other Seasons. However—he used a dueling sword with great acclaim, and a buckler in his off-hand. And his spellcasting rivaled some senior [Mages].
More than that, though, he was a historian. The Fall’s Sentinel stood against more than just aggression in the present; he remembered past threats.
Calirn had come to him with Talia’s secret, despite reservations. And it was the Fall’s Sentinel who was more troubled than Calirn.
“Then you believe the Goblin is a threat? A spy?”
