8.06 RT
Page 28
She knew what the dilemma was. Either Dame Voost used a sword against an unarmed foe, or…the woman eyed Rabbiteater’s brawling stance.
“That’s not honorable.”
No—the Summer’s Champion watched as Dame Voost hesitated, then tossed down her blade to the cheers of others and raised her gauntlets—and put on a helmet.
That was a Goblin [Knight]’s sense of honor. Different in some ways, but—he smiled as the two went at it. Rabbiteater knocked Voost sprawling, then went for her when she was down.
It went even. She was still a senior [Summer Knight], but she lacked most of her Skills. In the end, both called for a tie after nearly twelve minutes of grappling and bruises. Rabbiteater shook her hand, afterwards.
“Strong with fists and sword. Thought it was only one.”
“And you, Ser Solstice, fight well. Summer fades!”
She clapped him on the shoulder. The other Summer Knights nodded. Rabbiteater grinned behind his helmet. He saw Talia watching and looked at her. She glanced away.
 
—-
 
One week later, Dame Talia was heading to her rooms to scrub the scent of crap off her. She was angry, humiliated—but not just because of her punishment.
It was the nature of things to change. The Order of Seasons knew it full well. They were a unique type of Order, even among the varied [Knights] of Terandria.
That they had welcomed a Goblin among them, or rather, their order’s heads had, at least, might have been because they were founded next to a coastal nation which did see more non-Humans. Perhaps it was just the Grandmasters of their time.
Talia had understood the reason why she was punished, even if she resented it and found it mortifying. Even if she felt…unable to explain how jarring, upsetting, Ser Solstice’s identity had been.
Perhaps because the full reason of it wasn’t something she was consciously willing to acknowledge. Perhaps because all that she had found admirable, even more, attractive, about Ser Solstice had gone sideways when it was revealed who, or what he was.
It would have been easier—and harder for the Order to accept him—if he did not act so…normal. Not Human, not necessarily; just like a person.
Because he had been around them. Because he had met the [Innkeeper].
Those days had not been in vain. And their legacy had carried him here. In unexpected ways.
 
—-
 
Knight-Commander Calirn was not the Summer’s Champion, who seemed to have practically taken ‘Ser Solstice’ under his wing.
The Grandmaster of the Order of Seasons was far more wary. And of the Grandmasters, he sensed the same from the Spring’s Warden and the Fall’s Sentinel.
She was polite, but clearly watchful. The Fall’s Sentinel was more sociable—but by the same token, clearly regarded the Goblin as an object of study as much as a [Knight].
There was the thing. He was a [Knight], so the Order of Seasons either believed in that fundamental similarity, or not.
But even so. Another Goblin who chanced upon the class wouldn’t be so—so—
Disarmingly friendly.
It came from the inn. Such as, when Knight-Commander Calirn was stiffly dining with Rabbiteater and two other [Knights] from foreign Orders. A Trudravel Knight—who was actually quite friendly because his Order fought and lived among the tundra of the north—and a Thronebearer of Calanfer, here to plead his Order’s case for the war with the Order of Seasons, despite the ribbing from all sides.
Small things, like, as they were dining on a particularly nice roast in honor of their guests, the Goblin turned.
“Pass the mustard, please.”
“Of course—”
