8.06 RT
Page 16
They talked late into the night. It was surreal for both sides, and Rabbiteater slept late into the day. But the next morning, the strangeness didn’t stop.
“We return to our duties, but due to our sojourn we won’t immediately be sent out, Ser Solstice. I would ask if you wanted to join us.”
“What do you do all day?”
“Train.”
Ser Markus smiled. Lloyd sighed and Meisa rubbed at her shoulders. Rabbiteater tilted his head back and forth.
“Cool.”
He didn’t get why they found it arduous. The Order of Seasons had built their lives around being [Knights], so you did a few things as soon as you were a full [Knight]:
-You went on quests or crusades, in groups, alone if you were senior, or in full armies, sometimes to war.
-You patrolled or helped build or fortify areas in need. Cleared out monsters on a kind of residency for as long as four years.
-You rested and enjoyed the Order of Season’s amenities, took breaks because you couldn’t [Knight] all year without needing time off.
-You might research, study magic, if you were a Fall Knight, or go on courtly diplomatic missions to visit other orders, attend events representing your order.
-Or you trained your ass off day in and day out.
That was what [Knights] not occupied with the main activities did. They trained.
Swordsmanship, spear mastery, archery, riding, joint fighting, tilting, dueling, woodcraft, climbing, sprints, swimming, stealth, marathon marches…the Order of Seasons did specialize, but a [Knight] honed their body.
“I hear the Thronebearers exercise for two hours each day. I’ve never done less than six.”
Ser Markus groused as they ran around the vast keep for a morning run. The [Knights] wore armor—[Squires] did not, although they worked up to it with weights. Rabbiteater ran in full gear with a group of [Spring Knights]. Apparently, it was more than a few miles if you did the entire keep; it was sprawling.
“You run like this every day?”
“Yes! At least, the Season of Spring must, to build their endurance. You needn’t do this, Ser Solstice…”
Ser Markus blinked as Rabbiteater jogged ahead, towards the head of the pack. Ser Markus sped up.
“Used to do this too. Carrying rocks. Lots of fun. Relaxing.”
Ser Medul barked a laugh as he looked over his shoulder.
“You hear that, squires? That is dedication to athleticism! In honor of Ser Solstice joining us—pick up the pace! None of you quits before he does!”
That turned into something of a problematic statement, since Rabbiteater did six laps; the [Squires] were let go after three. Ser Markus was panting when it was over.
“You…you used a Skill, didn’t you?”
“Nope.”
Rabbiteater was sweating, but he had water, even lovely apple slices! That was a treat.
The thing was, and which the Spring Knights learned as they went for weapons training next…Redfangs were insane.
They loved training. Garen Redfang had turned their tribe into exercise-freaks, which Erin Solstice had more than once remarked on. Goblins of that tribe craved the rush you got from working hard then eating and flopping over to sleep. They were the kind of breed that military instructors loved.
Another thing that impressed them was Rabbiteater’s knowledge of weaponry, which again, mirrored their own.
“You can use a flamberge?”
“Mm. Think so.”
“Halberd?”
“Used it. Don’t like as much.”
“But you can use it. How about bow and arrow?”
“Decent shot. My brother shoots better.”
“Guisarme? Oh, come now. You’ve never held one.”
“I’d like to learn.”
