8.06 RT
Page 40
A Golem of magma. Another, made of steel, vastly tall, perhaps thirty feet, incredibly thin, a mismatch of blades and death. The invisible flesh-Golem with its noxious aura—he coughed.
And a replacement for one, a War Golem, a giant metal monster that a half-Giant would fear to fight.
“I expected more dangerous at first. Until I realized they were concealing their true natures. Quite, quite clever. But you are the fifth, aren’t you? To pass, one must destroy all five.”
He commented to Cognita. The Truestone Golem stiffened.
[Mages] had died here in the challenge without realizing what this half-Elf had. Eldavin stared at the magma golem and snorted.
“No wonder the Archmages would rather argue and sit about than attempt this. Tell me, what was Zelkyr thinking? Did he intend to stifle magic with his last action? Or is he…waiting for something?”
He turned. And Cognita, whose face was almost always placid, who talked with Archmages as levelly as students and visitors from abroad—
Frowned.
“Grand Magus Eldavin. I remember you. You were indeed present when my master roamed Wistram’s halls. You have not changed. Not one hair. Are you the Eldavin of then?”
He paused for one second.
Golem memories. He should have at least changed his hair style or added more wrinkles. He had forgotten someone as old as he—and with a perfect memory—was here. Even Feor had barely remembered him.
“I am Eldavin. Can you not sense the truth of it, child?”
“Do not call me child. I am Cognita.”
He blinked again.
“But you are Zelkyr’s child. And I am your senior, as old as you may be. Girl.”
He reminded her. Cognita’s marble eyes fixed on him. Her porcelain form began to…
Change. Into something harder. Truestone—Eldavin blinked again.
Strange. He had thought she would seek him out and they would have a convivial talk about the old days after they had looked at each other. But this?
“If you do not come here to take the test, Grand Magus, I will request you leave. This place is not meant for [Mages] to linger in.”
“I respectfully decline.”
The Golems stirred. Eldavin never took his eyes off Cognita. And her face was thunderous now.
“You refuse?”
“I decline. Is that a rule of your test or is it your request?”
“It is my determination.”
The Dragon slowly spread his arms.
“Then, I request you alter your determination for me, Miss Cognita. I am not here to take your test. If you fear I am learning something—or preparing a great magic? I am not. You can see that. Nor would I need to. I know the nature of each Golem. I have seen their kind. I am not here to take your test. That is not why I returned to Wistram.”
“So you say.”
The woman shifted. Eldavin was still puzzled. Why was she so wary? She’d changed to anti-magic armor. And she was set like she was about to charge him. He looked at her—
Then his perception wavered. He saw himself, as she might see him.
A half-Elf from a time when magic had been stronger. Coming at this time, with other powerful [Mages] to Wistram when Earth—a new threat or opportunity—had arisen.
The half-Elf faltered. His heart stung him. Oh no. Cognita hesitated as he clutched at his chest for a second.
She thinks I am here to destroy her. This child thinks—
Fear. That was what he saw. The half-Elf’s head rose. And Cognita saw a strange emotion in his eyes. One she had seldom seen even before she had been given this long duty.
Pity?
“Miss Cognita. No—should I say, Cognita Amerwing—”
The Golems in the room shifted.
That was Zelkyr’s last name. Eldavin went on.
