8.06 RT
Page 22
“It’s one Goblin. Now I want to meet him, especially since I heard he forced the Spring’s Warden to use a Skill in a bout! I’ll do that. But punishment…”
The Summer’s Champion went into deep thought. Calirn waited.
Summer was passionate. But not shallow or stupid. And at last, the taller man spoke.
“You said they objected on the basis of honor, but to do so, they impugn this Ser Solstice’s honor, Knight-Commander. I propose a test, upon which I will rest my complaints. If I am wrong, they will not be punished and I will support any scrutiny or judgment against this Goblin [Knight].”
“And if you are right?”
“…I leave the matter in your—calmer—hands. But I will not protest their revocation of their [Knight] class, regardless of their status.”
The hands clenched. The eyes flashed. Calirn sat there, and then slowly nodded.
“What is the nature of the test? You will stage an accident?”
The orange hair shook as the Summer’s Champion stood up.
“Must we grapple and talk about what makes a man a [Knight], Knight-Commander? My answer is simple. If he is a [Knight], he is a [Knight]!”
 
—-
 
Rabbiteater opened the door to his rooms. The Fall’s Sentinel was there.
“Good evening, Ser Solstice, is it?”
“Yes. You are…important?”
The Hobgoblin was wary. But the old man looked kind, more bookish than the others. Like the [Shaman] the Redfangs had once had, before he got eaten by Eater Goats in an ambush when Rabbiteater was small.
“Indeed, indeed. I hope, Ser Solstice, I am not intruding. I would simply like to invite you to join the Season of Fall on the morrow.”
“Why?”
“I am told you are a superlative trap expert, and skilled in any number of wilderness techniques. The Season of Fall loves new knowledge, or those who can embody it. Would you care to go on a hike with some knights in training and discuss your experience?”
Rabbiteater considered it.
“Sure.”
“Excellent. Then, I will send for you after breakfast. Good night to you.”
And that was that. The Fall’s Sentinel inclined his head. Rabbiteater copied him, a bit warily. The Fall’s Sentinel walked down the hallway.
“And?”
Knight-Commander Calirn and the Summer’s Champion were waiting. The Summer’s Champion’s arms were folded and he had begun heating up again. The Fall’s Sentinel raised his brows.
“[Champion], and [Knight-Errant].”
Both men exhaled.
“[Knight-Errant]. It suits him.”
“And it means I’m right. This is scurrilous behavior of our Order and I demand there be punishment!”
The Summer’s Champion pressed a fist into his hand. Calirn was inclined to agree. But he made sure.
“There is no way the [Appraisal] spell could be circumnavigated or tricked, Fall’s Sentinel?”
The man raised his brows a touch higher.
“Of course there is, Knight-Commander. But practically? From this one Goblin whom I detected not a whiff of magic about? Aside from his gear, of course? Very unlikely.”
“Then he is a [Knight]. Summer’s Champion, I will honor your request.”
Knight-Commander Calirn sighed. The Summer’s Champion waited, hands clenching and unclenching.
“Well?”
“Dame Talia and Ser Vitin acted in what they thought was the best interests of the Order. However—I accede to Summer’s will. It is up to the Spring’s Warden to enforce this punishment, as the contents of her conversation are unknown. However. Dame Talia and Ser Vitin are hereby sentenced to a month of labor in menial chores, to be decided by Summer’s Champion, and stripped of any honors of rank.”
