8.06 RT
Page 29
Calirn blinked as he instinctively…passed the mustard. Ser Solstice spread it on the bit of meat, turned his head to the wall, popped his visor open a tiny crack, and put it in. The Thronebearer watched, still bemused—the Trudravel Knight thought it was hugely entertaining.
Apparently, someone had asked the Season of Fall to provide a vision-scrambling charm such that you only saw darkness if you glanced under the visor. Dame Meisa’s request had been answered by the Fall’s Sentinel, and now Ser Solstice ate in company.
The Goblin happily added the condiment to his food. And Calirn had to ask—but how did you ask?
Is mustard common among Goblins?
“I hope you find our condiments to your liking, Ser Solstice? I understand Izril uses a number of sauces Terandria lacks. Gnollish and Drakeish foods. I have sampled them from time to time, and we could provide them if you find it nostalgic.”
That was his best foot forwards. The Goblin looked up, after chewing, and nodded.
“Good…condiments. Like home. No mayonnaise, though?”
“Mayonnaise? I’m not familiar with that one, Ser Solstice. Izrilian, is it?”
The [Knight] of the tundras chuckled. The Thronebearer and Ser Calirn listened as Rabbiteater shook his head and tried to explain.
“No. It’s white. Egg and…lemon? And oil. Very tasty. You eat with fries.”
“Which are?”
“Sliced potatoes. Fry in oil. Very tasty. Know how to cook.”
“You know how to cook?”
Calirn burst out, until he realized how ludicrous it sounded. The Thronebearers gave him a sidelong look and the Grandmaster had to cough.
“That is—I cannot but boil water at a fire. My aura and such.”
It was rare to see the Winter Knight blush at all. But Rabbiteater smiled and remembered cooking lessons and a group of Cave Goblins—and one with a poofy hat.
You brought what you’d seen and done wherever you went. So, Knight Calirn watched, incredibly bemused, as Rabbiteater experimentally made mayonnaise with one of the [Cooks]. It was actually tasty—and—after inquiring, he found it was a gourmet food newly on the market, originating from Izril. Salazsar had the stuff! Invrisil was advertising it in its restaurants…
 
—-
 
The Spring’s Warden was similarly disarmed on another occasion when she and the trainees paused for ‘fun’.
“Tilting?”
Rabbiteater lacked this area of expertise, which relieved Ser Markus, as the Goblin had passed most of the Spring Knights in every other area from wrestling, climbing, and so on.
But he didn’t swim well, despite knowing how; large bodies of water hadn’t existed in the High Passes, and if they did, they were dangerous.
Similarly, the act of tilting, with a lance, wasn’t a Goblin ideal. He was still willing to learn, and amused to hear there were entire tournaments around the same thing.
“Fun isn’t restricted to [Knights], Ser Solstice. We have a number of similar activities. There are those who enjoy fencing and so on, but swimming is quite enjoyable, we often picnic at scenic locations—and we’ve even added those new sports in the news. Do you know of them?”
The Spring’s Warden had heard the Goblin laugh. She turned—and saw him pick up one of the baseball bats.
It was, after all, an athletic sport and the Order of Seasons liked things that mixed both exercise and enjoyment. What the Spring’s Warden wasn’t prepared for was to see Rabbiteater hit three homeruns in a row. The ‘best’ pitcher had no actual class, and Rabbiteater had seen curveballs, sliders, and magically-enhanced half-Elf fastballs that could break your bat in half.
