8.06 RT
Page 18
He barked across the groaning [Knights], who’d heard the speech before. Rabbiteater nodded.
“Must be great for sex.”
Ser Lloyd sprayed his drink out his mouth and nose. Ser Medul blinked, and to Rabbiteater’s surprise, coughed.
“Indecorously put, Ser Solstice. But er—”
He was spared from the Goblin’s sense of decorum by the arrival of the Spring’s Warden.
“Ser Solstice. I was told you were training with our order. I should like to see your ability myself, if I may?”
The Goblin turned. He saw one of the best duelists in the Order of Seasons smile politely. She held a longsword and nothing else. The Knights of the Spring stirred.
“With Skills or not?”
He sensed her confident ability as she lowered her sword, presenting an opening. Ser Medul backed up with Markus, looking very interested.
“Skills, Ser Solstice, if it is not an imposition.”
“Will you use them?”
She smiled.
“If I need to. No offense to you, Ser Solstice.”
He took none. The Hobgoblin had sized up his opponent, so she surely could do the same for him. He hesitated. Then drew his sword and slashed.
She parried so fast he was sure—he lifted his shield and barely missed being taken out in one go. She would have had the sword point at his neck if it weren’t for luck.
He gave it another try. His sword lanced out—and she performed another parry, slid in so fast—she had her sword alongside his neck. If she had continued, she would have sliced his head off in one move.
“Huh.”
He breathed as she stepped back. The Spring’s Warden bowed.
“Ser Solstice, shall we continue?”
He nodded. He was sure, now.
She was boosted by Skills, no doubt, even passively. But that had confirmed it for him. She was as good as Garen Redfang with the blade.
There was an art to her movements like Shorthilt had—and he copied the best blademaster in the Redfang tribe, Garen himself. Rabbiteater was good—but he was a [Champion], good at fighting. He didn’t try for art.
So he started using Skills.
[Steelcut Sunder]! He said nothing, but the Spring’s Warden saw the cut coming and moved her sword out of the block; he’d have slashed through her practice sword otherwise.
He began moving on the attack. [Shield Ram]—[Long Backstep]—basic Skills he’d had as a common [Warrior], a bit enhanced due to his level, made her back up. She was testing him, staying on the defensive.
She knew he had more. Rabbiteater didn’t wait to use them. He only waited for her to go on the offensive to bait them out—she tapped his shield with the edge of her sword in a flick, such a fast move that it was disconcerting. In response, he swung his sword.
“[Grand Slash]!”
The audience murmured. Markus blinked. That was a powerful Skill!
But the Spring’s Warden was already leaping backwards. Somehow, she’d known from Rabbiteater’s posture it was coming. Without Skills, she moved out of range, deflecting the edge of the powerful blow.
—However, that was her conceit. She had used no Skills, so the impact twisted the sword in her grip. That was what Rabbiteater had been waiting for. In that brief moment where she thought he’d used his big Skill, he used the one he’d gotten at Level 30.
[Aspect of the Champion]. Rabbiteater had gotten it and wondered what it meant. Now?
The Spring’s Warden had landed nearly ten feet back. Before she could reset her guard, he blurred.
[Aspect of the Champion – Greater Speed]. He could take [Enhanced Strength], [Greater Dexterity]—
He lunged at her in a lancing strike. It was so fast Ser Markus only saw a blur go past his face. And—
