8.07 L
Page 45
That was Oteslia’s ethos. Lyonette sat in Mivifa’s apartment. Outside, she, Xif, and Saliss were bellowing at each other.
“A right to-do.”
Wilovan commented as he fixed himself a drink. Feathi stuck her face in his mug and sipped the strong bourbon. The Gnoll stared at her—then put the mug down and made himself another.
The problem to Lyonette, was that the faerie flowers were not of this world. They were Erin’s. And the [Innkeeper] had never wanted to share them with Xif or spread them.
But she refused to say it, even if it changed things. And honestly?
It would not. The First Gardener was a ruler. She wanted those faerie flowers. So Lyonette sat there.
She felt useless. And seeing Saliss run into this—this—outrage hadn’t helped her bad mood. She closed her eyes.
“The faerie flowers should be our trump card. That’s not fair.”
“It seldom is, Miss. Begging your pardon, but all levels play with daggers under the table. The daggers just look different.”
Ratici tipped his cap as he took a drink from Wilovan. The other Gnoll nodded. Lyonette nodded too.
“I know that. It’s just—”
She felt like those Oteslians were arrogant. Sneering at Pallassian greed while denying any wrongdoing had taken place on their part. It rankled her. She knew pride and rude prejudice. She had embodied it. It was no more fun to see in this form, or fair.
But what could be done? She sat there, thinking. There was something she could do, wasn’t there? She hadn’t come all this way for nothing.
She had come for Erin. This? This was just a distraction! Lyonette’s eyes opened wide. Yes—why did it even matter?
Because the [Researchers] were focused on the flower. What if—she told them Erin had been responsible for them? She frowned.
But Erin had no more left. And yet—damn! She felt at her pouch. Slowly, she took something out.
“We don’t have anything more than Saliss’ gold. And I don’t have the flowers myself. If I did, I could…prove…but they all died. And I wish Erin was here. If she was…I don’t have…”
She was fumbling with something. Staring at it. Ratici glanced up.
“What’s that you have there, Miss?”
Wilovan looked up too. Lyonette hesitated. She put it back in her belt pouch.
“Nothing. Maybe. I don’t think it can help…here. I just—”
She had left the inn. But she had taken one thing when she had stopped in Erin’s room for something, anything. A bit of hope, an edge.
A ring.
But it was just brass. Maybe Erin had only used it as jewelry. Lyonette put it out of her mind.
“What do you two think of the flowers, Ratici, Wilovan?”
The two Gentlemen Callers looked at each other. Wilovan tipped up his hat and scratched at his head.
“Well, it’s a straight snatch-and-whistle, if you don’t mind me being a bit of the street, Miss Lyonette.”
“Snatch and whistle?”
She smiled. The [Worldly Princess] liked to learn new things, but they came from a different world than even the one she had learned. Wilovan explained.
“Fellow snatches something, passes it onto the next. That fellow puts it down, or hands it off. So the third fellow can say he don’t know how it was gotten—or say he paid for it all legal. Easier than saying ‘it fell off a wagon’, which truth spells fail. By the time it’s gone from six people, it’s hard as can be to identify the culprit.”
“Mind you, the smart Watches don’t care and make trouble for everyone. But you can…persuade law to not bother investigating. The First Gardener’s a bit tricksome, if you don’t mind me saying.”
“Everyone is. My father included. He’d do exactly as she’s doing.”
