8.07 L
Page 9
She looked at the other ‘young’ Drake. Fetale could have been…nineteen. Or—if you looked past his glossy scales, his trendy dress for anyone still in their teens, and looked at him—
Thirty.
Mividel was older than her neighbor, and she knew the other Drake had long-since figured it out. Oteslia’s Treewatch had probably spoken to her and let her know…everything, if she didn’t just know already.
That one look had made Mivi feel old. She stared at Fetale.
“What do you mean, Fetale? Today or…?”
Her heart sank as the Drake leaned on the balcony. He stared down at the street, with genuine, 100% actually young people, and older ones, mingling, going about their day.
“This, Mivi. I can’t do it. I was doing my appearance this morning and I looked myself in the eye. It all just…fell apart.”
“Don’t do that. Listen, Fetale—”
“No. I’m serious. Mivi—I can’t be you. I gave it my best shot. But I’m thirty, and my wife is talking about a family. She knows the job, but…am I supposed to tell her to wait another decade? Five years? Please. I need out.”
This was the conversation she hated to have. And it had looked like…well, this was setting the tone for her morning. Mivifa—Mividel—Mivi—chewed on her lip for a second, and then realized she might be ruining the gloss.
“Fine. I get it, Fetale. But—four—six months. Six months, alright? We’ll phase you out. You can even bring up settling down. Starting tomorrow, start easing back on the makeup. Got it?”
He gave her a relieved smile, and a guilty one.
“Thank you, Mivi. I’m sorry. I thought I could keep doing it. It’s just…”
Silently, she patted him on the arm.
“It’s fine. We’ll put you on surveillance, or one of the non-contact jobs. But you get to find your replacement, or train one, huh?”
He groaned. Then—checked the position of the sun.
“We’d better take wing. Root’s just opening and you know Cire’ll be there. And he doesn’t wait.”
Mivi knew it full well. He might wait for her—but why risk it? She and Fetale hurried down into the street. There they moved at a jog. Sprightly. Youthful.
She was the only one who had done it for this long. Everyone else had…quit. Fetale was actually fairly long for his job. Ten years—no, fourteen, really—since he’d been recruited. And he had been a deliberate choice. Mividel had been an accident. Her becoming Named Adventurer had also been—well—accidental. But she was ideally placed, such that the First Gardener relied on her and she essentially commanded the Treewatch’s branch in this area.
But how much longer could she be Cire’s friend? She and Fetale were old, and growing older. At least, compared to the people they were hurrying to meet.
There they were, about eleven Drakes, two Gnolls, all sitting, around four tables at the Root, a popular hangout for younger people in Oteslia. Mivi recognized them all; two more planted individuals like her and Fetale; the rest actual kids.
Four unpredictable ones. Those not in the know, or not trustworthy. She grimaced. It might be a rough day.
She, Fetale, and the two Drakes who casually called out to her, had a class in common. Mivi was a [Beast Master], a [Pegasus Flier]…
And an [Actor]. The class had existed before the Players of Celum. She slid over, actually sliding on her claws.
“Hey, people. What’s growing? I miss anything?”
“Mivi!”
A loud voice called out. Mividel turned, and in the center of the gaggle of teens was…him. The young Drake, who could have been seventeen, lounging around with all the others, at home, and not acting.
The one who never changed. The reason for the Gardener’s headaches, Mivi’s strange circumstances.
