8.07 L
Page 50
“I will burn it all before I let that happen! This will be more than an incident!”
Xif vowed. Lyonette just watched the First Gardener massage her temples.
The [Princess] knew more than the [Alchemist]. The First Gardener would do just that—she’d waver and try to placate, but she’d never let this slip away. So, as the First Gardener was turning to Mivifa—who had also been looking at Lyonette and the conspicuously absent Wilovan and Ratici, for all she hadn’t mentioned anything—Lyonette spoke up.
“Excuse me, First Gardener. But I believe this has gone on long enough. We have been very patient, but this is too much. I request adjudication by [Druid]! ”
The angry crowd stirred. The First Gardener blinked—then narrowed her eyes as she spotted Lyonette. Cire, poking his head out of his rooms to see why everyone was shouting—stared too.
However, Igniz and the others were triumphant. He practically crowed.
“Hah! Let the [Druids] sort this out, yes! Good idea!”
But he’d celebrated too soon. The First Gardener looked at Lyonette, frowning.
“That is your right, Miss Solstice. But are you sure? The [Druids] are—direct. And even I cannot lightly overturn their judgment.”
Lyonette du Marquin smiled. And the First Gardener felt a twinge of—but it was too late.
“Yes, First Gardener. I request adjudication by Druid—and I name the Druids Shassa and Nalthaliarstrelous to pass judgment!”
The room went quiet. Saliss began to laugh again. He nodded at Lyonette and she inclined her head to him.
 
—-
 
“A non-Oteslian [Druid] cannot pass judgment in Oteslia!”
“He is the highest of his circle in Invrisil.”
“He’s biased—”
“I am a [Druid]. Be silent or I will hit you.”
Nalthaliarstrelous stood with Druid Shassa in the center of the arguing crowd. More than one [Druid] had come; they knew about the precious flowers. But Lyonette had requested the two by name.
She had remembered, as a [Princess] does, how the child-kidnapping [Druids] had intended to go to Oteslia. How clever! Magnolia Reinhart’s great warrior of nature, here in Oteslia when she was.
Perhaps it was just coincidence. Now, Nalthaliarstrelous regarded her. He turned to Shassa as they eyed one of the flowers taken from the two surviving gardens—both under watch. They’d be confiscated by Saliss and Xif if they won.
If not? They went to the people of Oteslia.
“It is clear someone stole all the flowers, Druid Nalthaliarstrelous.”
Shassa ventured after a moment. The [Spider Druid] was clearly nervous.
He was not. The [Druid] looked at Lyonette.
“Yes, someone. Thieves, no doubt, with a reason to do so.”
She smiled innocently back, keeping her face straight. Nalthaliarstrelous pointed.
“I mean, you.”
“But there is no proof, Druid.”
She calmly replied. Everyone was glaring. Nalthaliarstrelous harrumphed.
“I do not need proof. You called for [Druids]. The evidence is plain as the smile on your face. Which is my evidence. Explain yourself, ‘Miss Solstice’.”
The [Princess] did not sweat. She did incline her head.
“Very well, elder [Druids]. Perhaps the flowers were stolen. Destroyed?”
“Destroyed?”
Igniz repeated. Lyonette didn’t even look at him.
“Who knows? But Druid Nalthaliarstrelous—”
His eyebrows rose as she actually pronounced his name.
“—I believe you and I, and Druid Shassa, know that there was only one place they came from. And if they appeared in places other than that of Xif and Saliss’ gardens, they were stolen. I have no proof. But you were there.”
