8.07 L
Page 4
Pegasi. Oldblood Drakes, too. She stared at the Walled City known for its agriculture and forgot about Calanfer for a moment. For here—
She had come here to bring back a friend. A member of her family in Liscor.
For hope. It had been too long already. Saliss sighed as he leaned out the window.
“About time. I thought you said this coach was fast. We’re not tipping!”
Ferris turned and gave the Drake a look.
 
—-
 
Four days to Oteslia from Pallass was incredibly fast. You were going down the main roads, true, which cut down on dangers like monster attacks or bandits, but only an enchanted carriage could dream of doing that.
It was a good part of the south! So, Ferris being part of the best travelling company in all of Izril had seemed like a stroke of luck.
The one stroke of luck in the midst of the worst thing ever.
 
—-
 
Before.
Lyonette du Marquin sat with Mrsha. Holding her. She was weeping—but she had long since plumbed the depths of that well.
“Why? Why now? Why—”
Why like that? Hectval? Of all the things…
Numbtongue sat on the hill. Mrsha didn’t move. Bird had locked himself in his room. Everyone was grieving.
Erin lay in the [Garden of Sanctuary] and only a miracle would cure her.
So a miracle the [Princess] had to find. It had not been easy. She spent days grieving. Hoping…but none came.
She said goodbye to Mrsha, even though it was like tearing at her chest with a barbed hook. She begged the Gentlemen Callers for aid—but they gave it without even naming a price.
She went to Saliss. He was already preparing to leave himself.
“We’ll go together, then.”
Lyonette had gone to Ferris, relieved. She had gotten in the carriage and…left.
Left her daughter behind.
Left the inn, and Erin lying there.
Left, promising to return, carrying all the gold she could take, chasing madness.
An antidote? A potion to cure mortal wounds and a frozen body? A means to unfreeze Erin while keeping her from dying completely?
Geneva Scala had written the problem, not the method. She had been frank about the odds. But Lyonette had seen no other way, no other place to go than Oteslia. The Healer of Tenbault? She knew the odds of getting in there.
She had cried, missing Mrsha on the first night they camped. The second night, the third…
She was on the fourth day. Lyonette felt naught but guilt at how Mrsha had begged her to stay. But it was dangerous. She had to hurry. Hurry, to find a panacea.
 
—-
 
Now.
The Eternal Throne of Calanfer—the official name for the crown and capital city of Calanfer—was a wondrous place.
Lyonette compared every great feat of architecture to it; she had never had to in Liscor because, er…there was no competition.
But now, seeing Oteslia, an overgrown wonder for any [Druid] or a nightmare for a [Gardener], in front of her, she had to compare it to Calanfer.
And everywhere was found wanting.
She had gone through First Landing. She had left Pheislant, but seen the palace from afar, and gone to dances and gatherings in other nations.
Nowhere was as fine, as majestic, as…amazing as Calanfer. They were comparable in other ways; Invrisil was a wonderful trading city. Pallass, one of the great Walled Cities of old, and so on.
But Calanfer was built out of, on top of, something that had existed perhaps before Pallass itself. It was a kind of open secret; no one talked about it directly, but most royal families probably knew, and especially the ruling one of Calanfer.
The Eternal Throne was, in fact, a Dragonthrone, one of the ancient seats of power used by Dragons in eras when there were Dragonlords.
