8.07 L
Page 7
“I think I do. I don’t have a lot of weight…but I do have some contacts. I just hope I don’t annoy them, showing up relatively unannounced. Tact, people. Let’s remember decorum and politeness while we’re at a new city. Obviously.”
Lyonette, Wilovan, and Ratici stared at Saliss. The [Alchemist] stared out the window, deliberately oblivious.
They were already doomed.
 
—-
 
It was an interesting time in Oteslia. The city was at war with the Walled City of Zeres.
…But then, it had been for months now. And the enemy armies were fighting sporadically to the south. Mercenary forces doing most of the work.
It was mostly the expense that had people groaning. But Zeres was trying to impose tariffs on exported produce, so what could you do but go to war? Drake city politics.
More of actual note was Magnolia Reinhart’s arrival to Oteslia. She had landed at Zeres two days ago, and already entered the City of Growth. Now, the gathering at Oteslia was attracting attention.
People were arriving to meet the first member of the Five Families to walk in the south for centuries. Not all as her ally.
To say it was troublesome was to underplay the First Gardener’s migraine. And she had at least one per week. She took all kinds of medicinal aids.
Pills, supplements, medicine—it was an ongoing struggle the last four Gardeners had suffered from.
The problem was that healing potions healed wounds. Mental pain—or migraines brought on by stress—were harder to solve. You could drug yourself into not feeling it, but how could you work?
Effective painkillers—she gulped down a pill from the isles of Drath she’d used her meager budget to purchase and grimaced.
Barely effective. But it did do something. The First Gardener, Shaerrha Brasswing, suffered on. She had lots to do. This Magnolia Reinhart had brought trouble; of course she’d known the Five Families could be dangerous, but this was more than she’d bargained for. The Serpentine Matriarch, already at odds with Oteslia, was holding a grudge. And all these dignitaries from abroad, as well as the Meeting of Tribes bringing a lot of foreign trade to the city—
Oteslia was closest to the Gnoll Plains, and thus actually in a position to benefit—or suffer if the Meeting of Tribes brought conflict.
So, Magnolia, Zeres, Gnoll tribes—and that was only the big stuff. There were the [Strategists] with their wounded friend still attracting [Bounty Hunters] after their artifacts, aftereffects of the Golden Triangle scam, which had impoverished the poorest of the Walled City’s citizens, the Demon’s Curse…
And always, always, the cause of her migraines, her stress, and yes, affection and pride at times, her adopted son.
Cire. Cirediel Anvi’dualln Olicuemerdn, to be precise.
The Dragon of Oteslia, the boy—not yet grown, not for another century—who was the reason the First Gardeners had a lifespan twenty years shorter than average. Stress.
And it wasn’t just the First Gardener who had to deal with Cire, oh no. She just had to clean up after his messes, and act as his mother.
The real challenge was faced by the people on the front, the unsung heroes who worked every day.
 
—-
 
Mivifa Selifscale, Named Adventurer of Oteslia, spent up to an hour in front of the vanity every morning.
Which was ironic because her careful attention to the makeup, copious expenditure on potions and creams and other beauty products wasn’t for her—not really. She grimaced as she checked for grey in her scales; added a bit of color here, tried to remove some wrinkles here.
