8.07 L
Page 46
Lyonette sighed. She respected that, actually. It was just—they were doing it to her. She sat there, thinking.
But what would Erin Solstice have done, if she’d come here and learned of this? Accepted it? Done what Saliss was doing and gone to war between Walled Cities? Lyonette thought. Then her eyes opened wide. Ratici and Wilovan blinked as she stood up.
“Miss Lyon? Heading out?”
They reached for their coats. Lyonette looked at them and nodded. She raised her chin and inhaled.
“Yes. I might not be as good as her, but—it’s time.”
 
—-
 
The doors to Igniz’ shop, Leafhold, blew open. The [Herbalist] looked up and the additional [Guards] he’d hired stirred apprehensively, but it was not Saliss of Lights who entered—but a young woman.
“Master Igniz?”
“Yes? Can I help you, Miss? Does Alchemist Saliss or the First Gardener have another request?”
He eyed her, recognizing Lyonette from earlier. The young woman shook her head. She put one arm on the table as Wilovan and Ratici tipped their hats and loitered, inspecting goods.
“I am Lyon Solstice. And I believe I have a way to resolve the issue of the faerie flowers.”
The Drake hesitated.
“Indeed? I am not willing to sell them.”
The [Princess] smiled. Her blue eyes glittered as she tossed her red hair back.
“No, Master Igniz. I…challenge you. To a game of chess. The winner takes the faerie flower!”
The Drake blinked. The customers, employees, guards, and two Gentlemen Callers stirred. Lyonette smiled with serene confidence, belying the flutter in her chest.
But she had learned from the greatest player this world had ever seen. And [Flawless Attempt] burned in her mind. Master Igniz blinked, looked at her, and—
 
—-
 
Lyonette du Marquin sat with her head buried in her knees. Outside, Saliss was still laughing. The Gentlemen Callers sat, clearing their throats, giving her room.
Master Igniz had refused to take her chess challenge. In fact, he had laughed her so hard out of his shop he’d actually hurt himself.
Everyone had. Lyonette’s cheeks and ears were burning.
Stupid. She’d tried. She really had! But she’d failed to pull off the origin of the [Innkeeper] of Liscor’s mythos for a few reasons.
Firstly? Erin hadn’t challenged Lism. She’d confronted him and he’d tried to trick her, not knowing of her chess skill.
Second? Who was going to wager a flower of that much worth on a chess game?
Thirdly? Well, it was just a stupid idea. Lyonette knew Erin would have been more inventive. She would have…have…
Well, if she knew, she’d be Erin! And come to that, Erin didn’t always succeed. In fact, business and economics were where she, Lyonette, was supposed to excel!
But she had no tools! No leverage! The [Princess] sat there until Feathi licked her ear. Then she yelped.
“I’m fine! Thank you, Feathi!”
The [Princess] looked at the Pegasus. Feathi gave her a sympathetic look. Lyonette stared about, glumly.
The problem was—she was a [Princess]. And it occurred to Lyonette now that a [Princess] wasn’t the person who charged into battle. Or if she did—it was with an army at her back.
She was good at managing people. At diplomacy, yes, and a [Worldly Princess] did a lot of things. But she had always had her staff.
And she had left them all behind. All she had was Saliss, now incapacitated by hilarity, maybe Xif, Mivifa’s friendship, and the Gentlemen Callers, who didn’t have the Skills to fight in the world of negotiation or business treachery.
Lyonette sat there, calming down.
What would Erin do? How about you stop thinking what Erin would do, hm?
“The problem is, there is something here. I just…”
