8.07 L
Page 16
Cire was admiring the visitors, especially young Drakes or Gnolls of a female persuasion. Mivi sighed. He was…predictable. And unfortunately, once he had reached a certain point in his adulthood—about when she’d been twenty—he’d hit a Dragon’s stage in puberty.
As in, he had sex. And he went through relationships like Mivi went through scale polish cream. It was really, really troublesome to deal with and a new phase in Oteslia’s difficulties rearing him.
Mivi had heard that the Dragon of Manus had been just as bad, although she was female and perhaps easier to deal with in some ways than a brash Dragon boy. Then again…perhaps not.
Different, not easier. Anyways, Cire was infamous for it. And the problem was—
“Hey, don’t be jealous, Miv.”
He was sitting next to her. He twined his tail around hers and tried to put a claw down the back of her pants.
Mivi nearly kicked Cire off the rooftop.
“Cire, knock it off.”
He looked hurt and scooted back as the others laughed.
“Come on, Miv! It’s been ages since we were a thing. I thought you were down with it. What’s gotten into you? Well, whatever.”
He looked hurt, then turned his head as if he didn’t care at all. Mivi tried to calm down. But that?
Twenty plus years ago, then, for a while ten years back. And he…forgot. Deliberately, or accidentally. Mivi on the other hand had long-since changed.
“If Mivi’s giving you the cold wing, Cire, take a look at that. There’s a Plains Gnoll! Shining.”
One of the other genuine youths pointed. Cire was staring in a moment.
“Where? Where? Wow. Is that markings from her tribe on her fur? She’s wearing nothing?”
Necla gave Mivi a look and muttered.
“You okay?”
“Yes. Forget about it.”
Perhaps she should…retire. Her past relationships, when they had been the same age and she had been head-over-tail in love with him, was complicating the now, especially when he thought they were still back then, or no time had passed. She was to blame, as well as the elaborate system of lies and deception. But the alternative had been bad, too.
Fetale was going to start ‘aging up’. He’d stop using makeup, start being too old to hang with. Soon, Cire would understand he was older and if he met Fetale—
But he wouldn’t. Fetale and he wouldn’t meet again. So it went.
Resigned, Mivi listened to the young Drakes pointing out attractive females. This, at least, was the true occupation of young males of most species. It wasn’t just her and Necla rolling their eyes.
“I bet you that you couldn’t talk to her for more than a minute, Vuc.”
“You what, Cire? Bet.”
The Drake Oldblood, outraged, leapt from the rooftop and made his way through the crowd. His friends jeered or laughed as he went for the Plains Gnoll they were so taken with. He did his best, leaning against the stall and introducing himself.
…He struck out after eight seconds. The Gnoll was clearly older than him, and clearly not in the mood for this. Vuc flew back as Cire and the others made fun of him.
“Told you. I bet I could get her to laugh, though.”
“You wish.”
Vuc muttered sullenly. He was blushing, but trying not to show it. Cire pointed arrogantly down at the crowd of visitors coming through the northern gate.
“You name any one down there—I’ve got Gold-rank moves. Everyone knows that.”
He bragged. That raised their tempers. Mivi sighed. Vuc’s head turned.
“You don’t have mad—what about her, then?”
“The same Gnoll? Psst. You ruined that, Vuc.”
“Oh yeah? What about her?”
Another Gnoll. Cire shrugged.
“Not interested.”
“Oh yeah? That Garuda, there.”
“I…eh. I could do it. If I wanted to.”
“I dare you to.”
