8.07 L
Page 17
“Why that Garuda? I’m not into feathers. What about that Drake, there?”
Cire pointed. Vuc snorted.
“I thought you could talk up anyone, Cire. Not just your own species.”
Oooh. Some of the new Gnolls whistled. Cire turned red.
“Oh yeah? Point and I’ll decide. Give me options!”
“That Gnoll. Or that…Minotauress! Hah, you’ve got moves enough for her, Cire?”
“Not interested.”
“Why are you wagging your tails off, Vuc, Cire? This is boring.”
Mivi called out. She gave the young Drake, Vuc, a warning glance. But he was too angry. He pointed.
“What about that Gnoll? Come on, Cire! I [Druid]-dare you. No, I Demon-dare you!”
“Vuc…”
Cire was getting angry. So was Mivi. She knew what the Drake was doing.
He knew what Cire was. And he also knew that a lot of Cire’s ‘Gold-rank moves’ had to do with the fact that Oteslians knew too.
That was why Vuc was pointing out Gnolls, non-Oteslians who weren’t ‘in the know’. It was stupid, childish…he deliberately turned away.
“Come on, Cire. How about…that one? I Dragon-dare you.”
Mivi heard another oooh, and laughter. But Cire’s head spun around. He stared down at the person and then looked at Vuc.
“Sure. You’re on.”
There was no way he’d have turned down that dare, even though it was common parlance. He leapt from the rooftops and sauntered through the crowd.
Vuc was grinning triumphantly—right up until Mivi tugged him back with a friendly arm like steel. She dragged him away as the others watched Cire make his move on the female visitor that Vuc had pointed out.
In an alleyway, Vuc grinned, almost as if he expected something.
“What’s this about, Miv—”
She put an arm against his throat and pushed his head into the wall.
“Listen, you little hatchling. Stop egging Cire on or I will throw you into a Shield Spider nest, understand?”
He gurgled. Mivi was a Named Adventurer; he was just a kid. She increased the pressure slightly.
“You know exactly why not to provoke Cire. And you. Are. Doing. It. Enough. Stop talking, find an excuse to leave, and don’t let me see you again or we will have problems. Understand?”
She kept the pressure on. He gasped when she lowered her arm.
“You—you can’t do that! I’m—you’re an adventurer! I’ll tell—”
Mivifa folded her arms.
“Tell someone? Listen up. That’s two mistakes you’ve made today. If you don’t want to forget the last three months since you met Cire and wake up in your bed, you are going to walk out of this alleyway, and leave. Don’t go back on the roof. Tell someone? Go ahead and find a Guardswoman. See what happens.”
She stared at him. He flinched. This was Oteslia’s secret. Mivi pointed.
“Get lost.”
He ran. She looked around, and saw Necla lounging at the alleyway’s entrance.
“Send a group after him. I don’t trust him to be halfway smart.”
“Got it.”
He was going to wake up with hazy memories at best. And Oteslia would have spent gold on another stupid kid who couldn’t handle the truth. Mivi rested her head against the wall before leaving.
Wouldn’t it be better to…?
No, the truth could not come out. Cire was too young, and she knew exactly how other cities—other nations might respond. But this acting—maybe that had to end. She felt like there were Drakes like Vuc every week. No wonder Oteslia was poor. Well, this was a poor excuse. But she’d seen the budget and it wasn’t helping.
Why did Cire have to take so long to grow? She felt bad about scaring Vuc already. He was just a young Drake. Barely more than a brat and she was a Named Adventurer. She went out of the alleyway just in time to see Cire accost a young woman in the street.
 
—-
 
“Okay, what’s our first step?”
