8.07 L
Page 6
Wilovan shifted. He hadn’t noticed Saliss’ eyes, and the trick of reading him there. Erin had taught that to Lyonette; she noticed stuff like that.
Wilovan and Ratici, though, were so unlike Saliss. Criminals, but honorable ones. And Saliss was so different from Lyonette…
What a motley crew. Lyonette shook her head. The only normal person was Ferris, and she felt bad for the poor Gnoll. He’d been carrying them here at a very reasonable price.
“Ferris? We’re ready to go.”
The water-bridge was large enough for multiple vehicles on the left-hand side to roll in, while ones on the right came out. There was little delay, but no one was zooming across the deep, deep lake. That gave Lyonette plenty of time to eye the curious floating objects on the water.
They looked like rafts, at first. But when she looked closer she realized.
“Saliss. You’ve been to Oteslia before, yes?”
“Yup. My second—no, third-most visited city. First is Pallass, second’s Manus. Third is Oteslia, fourth is Salazsar for gemstones. Fifth is Fissival, sixth is Zeres.”
Lyonette hadn’t asked for his ranking. She saw he was sticking his butt out the carriage window, mooning the passing people to let his tail swing in the breeze.
“…Why are you doing that?”
“Because they’re screaming at me. What’s your question, Lyonette?”
He grinned. The [Princess] had forgotten. She listened to Drakes shouting insults at Ferris and Saliss, then stared out the lakeside window. Wilovan was looking at Ratici and the Drake was shrugging.
“Oh, yes. What are those floating rafts? They look…no one’s living on them, or fishing. Well, some are.”
Saliss popped back onto her side. He peered out and Lyonette pointed to Gnolls and Drakes on the rafts. They weren’t really…paddling. Some were fishing, but that seemed like a secondary thing to their main occupation. He grinned.
“Ah, yes. Those are [Farmers].”
“[Farmers]?”
“Mhm. They’re using floating gardens. Never seen one before? Look, I think some are harvesting.”
Indeed, now he explained it, it all made sense. Lyonette saw them tending to crops sewn into floating gardens! The rafts were made of dried roots, or something buoyant, and the soil held evenly-spaced crops which loved water. The fishing [Farmers] were actually on their breaks.
“That’s ingenious!”
“Yep. That’s Oteslia for you. If someone grew something, they found out how to do it. See? The floating beds aren’t the only lakeside agriculture. They have fisheries along the edges and from the city. And there—that’s where all the rice in Izril comes from so we don’t import it from Baleros.”
He pointed to paddies along the lake. Lyonette peered at the submerged rice growing there.
Paddies, floating raft-gardens—and they hadn’t even entered the City of Growth. She shook her head.
“We—haven’t talked much about Oteslia.”
“Too busy mourning. Well, I’m here so I’ll be your guide until we find someone better.”
“You know your way around? And you’ll help us?”
The Named-rank Adventurer looked at Lyonette. He hesitated, opened his mouth to make a flippant remark, and sighed.
“Yes. I have to buy a lot of my stock since I’m out of potions. But yes. It won’t be easy, you know. I don’t have a lot of weight in Oteslia; even the old man doesn’t. Different cities, different rules, and Pallass fights Oteslia as much as helps it.”
He meant Chaldion. Lyonette nodded.
“I’ll do whatever it takes. But do you know where to start?”
Saliss scratched at his head. He turned his dusky yellow scales to catch the light.
