8.07 L
Page 23
The First Gardener’s migraine was legendary today.
“Please tell me Saliss of Lights knows nothing.”
“No, First Gardener. He does not.”
The Drake looked up, massaging her temples. Shaerrha looked more worried than Mivifa could remember her being in ages.
“He cannot learn anything, Adventurer Mivifa. Not about this. A Named Adventurer would be bad enough since we cannot control them. But he is the Cyclops’ grandson. And if that Drake learned about Cire…”
Mivifa nodded and felt a cold clenching in her stomach.
The Cyclops of Pallass. No one called him that in his city, but the great [Strategist] of the Walled Cities was known to every other city.
And not for being a kind, inclusive helper. He led them in times of war. But when Pallass was at odds with other cities…what might he do if he knew Cire was a Dragon?
“First Gardener, I will do whatever it takes to keep Saliss of Lights from knowing. But I cannot manage Cire at this time.”
“Of course not. They will have to do without. Help him to be on his way, by all means. Is he…as troublesome as all the reports say? I recall his last visit…”
The First Gardener saw Mivifa grimace.
“I’ve worked with him directly, First Gardener. Honestly? He’s worse than the incidents you saw from afar.”
Shaerrha shuddered. She rubbed at her temples again.
“I need—where are my pills? There must be new medication.”
Mivifa looked sympathetically at her boss and friend. Since they helped care for Cire, Shaerrha was one of the few people that Mivifa could talk to. They spent time talking and commiserating.
“The pills from Drath not working?”
“Barely. They don’t fog me over, but they don’t do much when it’s bad. I’d go back to Dreamleaf if it wasn’t so…where is…oh, here’s something new. From our [Herbalists]. Argh. I suppose it’s better than nothing.”
She unveiled another pill, this one perfectly round, and sniffed at it. Then she popped it into her mouth and chewed. Mivifa went on.
“I think Saliss is here to replenish ingredients.”
“Give them to him—obviously let him work, but what else?”
“I don’t know, First Gardener. But I’ll see to it.”
“Good, good. My claws are full with Reinhart and the new guests. I’ll just have to…to…”
Shaerrha was resting her forehead against the steaming tea cup for relief. Then, slowly, her shoulders untensed. She sat up, and blinked.
“First Gardener?”
Mivifa hesitated. The Drake looked at the box and then at the Named Adventurer.
“The pain’s gone. That pill just took my entire headache away with it. And I feel light as…”
She stared at the box. So did Mivifa.
“That must be some new drug! I’ve never seen anything work like that on you.”
“Neither have I. Who made it? Misten? He’s not high-level. Has he reached Level 50? No—there’s no way. I’d be hearing it from the rooftops. What is…oh.”
She stared at a note attached to the wooden box, with the padded interior which held five more of the miraculous pills. Mivifa waited.
“First Gardener?”
“It’s the new discovery I was telling you about. The flowers. And they just—this could be it, Mivifa.”
Shaerrha looked up excitedly. She gestured at the note, and the box.
“This could be the next Sage’s Grass.”
Mivifa smiled despite herself. It was the newest thing to come to Oteslia—a plant that people were saying might be like Sage’s Grass, a revolutionary new herb. If so—this was when Oteslia would shine. She bowed.
“That’s one bit of good news, First Gardener. If you’ll excuse me—”
