8.07 L
Page 40
[Everything Had a Price] would have let Saliss and Xif buy what they wanted. Maybe at the same prices? Maybe not. But either way—the faerie flowers were in Oteslia.
But they weren’t a secret, or being kept by one person. And again—you couldn’t blame Xif.
Because he was as angry and confused as Saliss.
“I have forty one flowers, which is all the person I sent them to could produce. And they had numerous failures and setbacks! What about you?”
“I told my [Gardener] that this was top-secret. Which is why I can’t see why Igniz had one—let alone all these [Researchers]!”
The Gnoll and Drake traded looks. They came to the same conclusion at the same time Lyonette did.
 
—-
 
Saliss kicked the door to the indoor growing house open.
“Master Elroz! We need to chat!”
He bellowed. Lyonette stared into one of Oteslia’s greenhouses for unique plants.
She’d heard Erin talk about greenhouses, but hadn’t been as surprised as Erin thought. Because of course, Oteslia and other places had enchanted buildings to grow plants year-round.
For instance—this greenhouse specialized in difficult plants. It cultivated things like Glasswhistle, the exceptionally fragile plant that would actually kill itself under its own weight in time. That was how it reproduced, but large varieties of the thin, weak plant were more valuable.
So there was a low-gravity chamber where hanging pots of the plant grew, suspended in the air, branch-structures slowly expanding under glass roofs.
There was a chamber Saliss stormed through that Lyonette wonderingly saw had massive trees with roots nearly twenty feet long, as to touch the water below. That was because the roots were valuable, so the trees were encouraged to grow them long.
Saliss found Master Elroz tending to the faerie flowers. They were in a room of their own, bathed in sunlight and—Lyonette noted, planted spaced-out in beds filled with…mana stones?
Yes, glittering mana stones, and surrounded by pools filled with chopped-up Sage’s Grass and water! She felt the mana density here; they were feeding the faerie flowers with rich mana, as well as strong fertilizers, Skills, and everything else. There were other experimental beds at hotter or colder temperatures, and the Gnoll was replanting a handful of—
“Alchemist Saliss! I was just going t—”
He got no further before Saliss put him in a headlock. Xif had his club drawn.
“Master Elroz, Master Elroz. I was going to pay you a visit after shopping, but it seems like I have to put you at the top of my list. And I’m getting sort of annoyed about my list. I told you—I paid you—to grow Faerie Flowers in secret. So why does half of Oteslia have one?”
The Gnoll [Gardener] tried to speak. But all he made was a spluttering sound; Saliss was choking him. Xif was swinging his club.
“Let’s do my [Culturist] next. What say we lay him out, burn the place down and—”
“Father! Father! Ancestors, stop! Someone call the Treewatch!”
A horrified Gnoll raced across the greenhouse. She grabbed at Saliss, but the Drake refused to let go.
“Saliss! Enough!”
It was Mivifa who strode in and forced the Drake to stop choking the Gnoll [Gardener]. The Named Adventurer saw the [Gardener] collapse, gasping, to the floor. Lyonette watched with Wilovan and Ratici.
 
—-
 
“I—I didn’t sell a thing, Master Saliss! I obeyed your instructions to the letter!”
