8.07 L
Page 32
Wilovan shifted, but Lyonette gave him a shake of the head. The Named Adventurer was just poking at her again.
“Why did you come here, incidentally? That cute Mrsha—the inn—why did you come, Lyonette? I never asked.”
She flushed nearly as red as her hair.
“Because no one else was finding anything to cure Erin. And I thought I could make a difference. That…”
Only I could do it right. Saliss grinned at her. Not mockingly—well, not entirely. But altogether too knowingly.
“Spoken like everyone with an ego. Everyone thinks they can lay bricks or paint walls until they try it. Well, speaking as someone with the largest ego—I know I can make a difference. Let’s go and get this research going. I’ll race the [Researchers] to find something anti-frost. Alright! Motivational speech done! Let’s go!”
He sprang out the door. Lyonette followed; Wilovan growling insults under his breath and Ratici muttering the same. Saliss, aggravating Saliss, overconfident, but helpful, led the way into Oteslia.
The next four hours saw him eating his words.
 
—-
 
“Adventurer Saliss! A pleasure to have a Named Adventurer in my humble establishment! Sage’s Grass? Of course, of course. For you, sir, we can do you a bushel at six hundred gold, even. How many can I put you down for?”
The [Herbalist] beamed. Saliss did not. He looked at the smug Drake, and leaned over the counter.
“Did you just say six hundred a bushel for Sage’s Grass? Do I look like an idiot? Or made of gold?”
The [Herbalist] of Leafhold’s, one of the largest suppliers to [Alchemists] who exported a lot of goods, gave Saliss a long look.
“Not at all to the former, Adventurer Saliss. But I’m afraid Sage’s Grass is very, very dear of late.”
“How about Obsidian Leaf?”
“It just climbed in price. This morning! I’m so sorry—”
The Drake sighed, leaning his chin on his hands. Saliss growled.
“I bet. And this didn’t happen to be because Igrena sent you word to raise the prices?”
The Drake gave him a wide-eyed look.
“Miss…Igrena? Oh, you mean Igrena’s Herbatorium! How is the fine old Gnoll doing?”
“She’s changed her class from [Supplier] into [Robber]. Look, I know you have lots of everything on my list. Stop gouging me or I’ll go to another shop! Oteslia has lots!”
The Drake sadly tsked as he investigated the numerous items on Saliss’ list.
“This is all so rare and expensive. Even to grow in Oteslia, Alchemist Saliss. I couldn’t do more than—excuse me? Could one of you bring the day-prices over?”
One of his apprentices ran over a list, freshly written, with a bunch of crossed out prices. Lyonette winced as she read over Saliss’ shoulder. Everything was 20% to 80% higher.
Saliss gave the [Herbalist], Master Igniz, a narrow-eyed look. The [Herbalist] beamed, quill raised.
“Now, how much can I put you down for?”
 
—-
 
“Those lizard kissing—hoard stealing—money Crelers think they can rob me? I’m Saliss! I annoy people!”
Saliss stormed out of the eighth shop in half as many hours. Leafhold’s guards nervously held open the door, but Lyonette was impressed.
Saliss had not blown up the shop, caused a fuss, or even removed his pants. She was confused as to why, at first.
Not why every [Herbalist] in Oteslia had almost the exact same prices. That was obvious.
They saw the news. Ironically, Pallass News Network had shot Saliss in the back with crossbow bolts, to use a poor metaphor. Normally, Named Adventurer’s exploits might be the talk of the city, but there was always someone who hadn’t heard.
