8.07 L
Page 42
Lyonette hesitated. So did Saliss and Xif. It was…possible…that someone might have used a dried faerie flower, or taken one back when they were on the windowsills in the inn. Or—Erin took them out to use for the faerie drinks and the Minotaur’s Punch. Someone could have stolen one.
Possible, but unlikely. Extremely so. She repeated that, and Mivifa ran a claw through her neck spines.
“Saliss, Master Xif—neither of you hits or attacks anything. I’ll help you sort this out, but peacefully. You don’t do that, and I’ll call the Treewatch, understand?”
The two [Alchemists] fumed, but they nodded. Saliss snapped.
“I want to find Xif’s person. Who is it, Xif?”
“Culturist Greeka.”
“I’ll ask the Treewatch to investigate. In the meanwhile—let’s see where Master Igniz got his flower.”
Lyonette fell behind the three as they stormed off with the power of fury to the herbalist. Wilovan and Ratici found her panting and slowed.
“Bit of a spot it seems, Miss Lyon. Goods misplaced—grown, should I say. Tricky business. Not something I’m used to. Rather like growing gold, isn’t it, Wilovan?”
“Indeed, Ratici, indeed. Would that it were so simple with our lot.”
“What do you two…think…? Did Master Elroz or his daughter sell the flowers? The culturist?”
Lyonette panted. The Gentleman Callers glanced at each other. Wilovan tapped the side of his nose.
“A gentleman never suspects a lady. And his daughter looked innocent as could be to my eyes, Miss Lyon. Wasn’t questioned; didn’t need to be, honestly. Master Saliss is a sharp sort, and that Miss Mivifa, but it could be wasn’t even the culturist to blame.”
“Really?”
Lyonette doubted that. Ratici illuminated her. He leaned in.
“Master Elroz has a number of staff, Miss Lyon. Assistant hands. So too would a good [Culturist]. Seems to me—even if one of the two was to blame, there’s plenty of cracks for a flower to slip through. And the problem with growing is—it won’t be easy to find the source.”
She looked at him. Ratici’s words turned out to be prophetic. Master Igniz was all too alarmed as Mivifa herself confronted him with the angry [Alchemists], but he was willing to say where he’d gotten the flowers.
“It was a friend, alright, Alchemists, Adventurer Mivifa? A…[Gardener].”
“A [Culturist]?”
Saliss snapped. Igniz frowned.
“No. a friend. And respectfully—unless the Treewatch orders me to, I will decline to divulge who it was.”
“Master Igniz, this may be a matter of theft. I am a Named Adventurer, true, but I will bring in the Watch if I must. You know my authority. By the First Gardener, I am conducting this investigation and everything you say is being tested under truth stone and Master Saliss’ potions.”
The [Herbalist] gulped. But he held his ground.
“I swear to you, Adventurer Mivifa, it was not a [Culturist]. Moreover…my friend gave me a sample as a token of appreciation. I…understand…he had nearly a dozen more and was growing more as fast as possible and giving a few more out for handsome sums to other researchers.”
Lyonette’s eyes narrowed. This was unacceptable! Saliss didn’t even keep the words inside.
“Tell me who. Tell me now, Igniz, or so help me, I’ll do to this place what I dreamt of doing to Xif’s!”
The Gnoll was nodding. Mivifa rounded on Saliss.
“Saliss! Enough!”
Igniz backed up.
“I don’t—listen. If you tell them, it wasn’t from me. I stole nothing!”
“Then give me the flower!”
Xif reached for it, but the guards and employees closed ranks around Igniz. He guarded the pot with both arms.
