8.07 L
Page 33
These days, everyone knew Saliss was out of potions. So Oteslia’s emporiums of alchemy goods knew that they could turn a massive profit. And they had apparently decided to universally agree to raise prices, rather than let him find the one person willing to undercut the others.
“Clever.”
“They’ve always been clever bastards. Damn, damn, damn…”
Saliss stomped around in front of the shop. The Drake within was slyly watching. Lyonette folded her arms, thinking.
“I don’t understand, Saliss. They know you won’t buy at these prices…why isn’t one willing to mark it down a bit and get all the sales?”
“Because I have to buy! They just have to outwait me, and they will. But I’ll buy through third-parties. I’ll find the cheap stuff…but it means that I’ll probably be paying above market price on everything, even if it’s not at their rates! They’ll line their pockets with gold!”
“And you didn’t destroy the entire shop because…?”
Lyonette looked at the nervous [Guards], who were wondering the same thing no doubt. Saliss glared at Lyonette. He pointed at his face.
“Do I look stupid? I’m not about to destroy my suppliers!”
“So there are actually people you refuse to antagonize. Amazing. I should start selling herbs.”
“Well, you should think about being generous. Because the next time there’s a monster attack, guess who can’t afford to help?”
Saliss bellowed into the shop. Master Igniz waved at him. Saliss muttered to Lyonette.
“They won’t all be in on it. There’s always someone who compromises. Trouble is—I could buy all of the Obsidian Leaf in Leafhold and I’d still need more. Damn, damn…”
After a moment, the Drake looked at Lyonette.
“And why are you here? I thought you were asking about a [Researcher]!”
She gave him a shamefaced look. This was one of the business districts—but a specialized one. Next to vast, indoor gardens where specialist plants were grown, [Herbalists] had made their shops. This in particular was Horticulturalist’s Way, where any number of [Scholars] and [Researchers] did business next to the providers of the very same plants and ingredients they needed.
“We have been. But—could you, um, get them to open their doors?”
She felt more useless again. And she had done her best. Saliss stared at her, then accompanied her to the fifth [Scholar]’s residence.
Four [Researchers], all the best in the area, had signs saying ‘not taking research subjects’ or ‘no appointments available’. Even this [Scholar] had refused to even open the door for Lyonette.
She thought she was charming! She knew that if she could get in the same room with them, she could make a good case for Erin.
But she couldn’t even get in their shops without Saliss.
He effected this Erin-style. He hammered on the door until an angry [Scholar] appeared.
“Can’t you read the sign? Who in the name of Rhir’s hells are—”
“I’m Saliss.”
“S—? The Named—I am extremely b—”
“I’m Saliss.”
“Adventurer or not—”
“I’m Saliss.”
Lyonette felt like she’d get arrested if she tried that. And she didn’t have the…ability to just repeat her name fifteen times until the [Scholar] let them in.
And even then?
He was a young Garuda, apparently from Chandrar. An up-and-comer—not the best, but Lyonette had tried four before him who refused to even see her. She did her best.
“I am so sorry, Scholar Meirq, but Adventurer Saliss and I are both desperate to find a cure for my friend, as you see. And you were recommended as being the brightest and most energetic [Scholar] in all of Oteslia.”
She held his wing-hand for a second. The Garuda hesitated.
