8.07 L
Page 52
Mivi looked at the strange Human girl. She eyed Saliss and Xif, who had put their feet up on the table while Igniz took a seat, having to drag it across the room.
How things changed. Just a few more things had shifted in those two days, that not even Lyonette could predict.
Rumors about the heist. Oh, what a splendid job. How skillful. You might applaud if you heard about it and realized a small group had done it—and a new one to the city.
Oteslia’s gangs were unhappy. Not as it were. They were as angry as could be. They had been assured burning down Xif’s shop would skyrocket the value of the flowers. Now—what they’d been intending to steal once the value was established was in a Named Adventurer’s claws. They began to ask just whom had tread in their city.
The second thing? A Dragon was daydreaming as he sat, rather unhappily, with his mother at a tea time.
So that Human was a mother? No way. So young. Cire knew it happened—never to anyone he slept with—but Fetale had been talking about it. He couldn’t imagine…
He’d known Lyon was special when he looked at her. But why? He didn’t care about the flowers, but Mivi had dropped by to say she might have access to a skateboard soon, which was totally Archmage. He yawned at the table and the First Gardener judged him.
“Cirediel! Be polite. I am so sorry—should I say Lady Reinhart, or…?”
The Dragon looked up. A woman dressed in pink smiled at him as a [Maid] stiffly poured more tea. Magnolia Reinhart met Cire’s eyes and he thought there was something too-knowing about her look. But then the [Lady] was laughing.
“You must call me Magnolia, Shaerrha! We should be friends before we part! But do tell me about that curious incident—and what was that young woman’s name? Lyon? How very interesting.”
Cire blinked and sat back. At least it seemed like interesting things had come to Oteslia. He wouldn’t be bored for a while. And he had heard Rafaema was coming too.
He was excited for that, even if he’d play it cool. He eyed the tall [Maid]. He wondered if he could talk to her instead of the [Lady]. She was probably into him.
That would be so Archmage.
 
—-
 
[Worldly Princess Level 23!]
[Skill – Endowment of the Thief obtained!]
Lyonette woke up from a nap with a single faerie flower on her blankets. Feathi ate it and then went cross-eyed—or as much as a horse could. Lyonette eyed her chest and sighed in relief.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Too many words! Also, someone’s got to read them! If you didn’t see—Book 3 is coming out! And yes, they are ‘books’ now.
Slang is hard. Writing Cire is actually so hard.
I might have been able to do two chapters. But I challenge myself every time I write! Somehow, it’s never successful when that challenge is to write less!
But I got through everything on my notes for this chapter—sometimes I don’t, and perhaps that’s a good thing. But I did, so that’s that. Let me know what you think and thanks for reading! Until next time—consider preordering the audiobook or spreading the word!
 
The Goblin Slayer, a [Princess], and Talia by Plushie!

 
Foliana and Ivolethe plushies by Kalmia!
                                         
 
Geneva, Dominance, Fierre, and more by Chalyon!
                                                                        
 

