8.07 L
Page 28
“Hello, Pegasus Feathi? My name is Lyon Solstice. I am very pleased to meet you, and hope I am not intruding…”
 
—-
 
“I’ll let you stay here. Four? It’s no problem. My apartment can handle that many, easily. Mind you—a lot of rooms are dusty.”
Saliss hesitated.
“We can go to an inn or somewhere.”
He was taken aback by her putting him up. Mivifa just shrugged.
“I don’t care.”
In truth, she wanted Saliss under her watch. She’d live with seeing a naked Drake walking about and his constant annoyances for a week or two. He shrugged.
“Well, aren’t you generous? Okay, let’s meet Lyon. She’s—interesting. And she’s here for that antidote I mentioned.”
“Who got hurt?”
“Another Human.”
He said it lightly, but Mivifa thought that was what she would have to dig into—if she cared. She nodded, and they walked out onto the patio, negotiations completed. There she saw Lyonette just in time to see her bow, and Feathi trot over.
 
—
 
Mivifa’s laughter made Lyonette jump. Then blush. But the Oldblood of Feathers leapt from her patio and soared all the way to where they were in one gliding jump. Saliss copied her and splatted onto the lawn. He rolled after her, then sprang to his feet. Feathi snorted at him, but continued to let Lyonette stroke her head.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t meant to insult you, Miss…Lyon? But that was cleverly done! Feathi doesn’t let many people so close.”
The Named Adventurer was approving. Lyonette smiled, and felt like it was the first smart move she’d pulled off since coming to Oteslia.
“What did she do? I’ve never seen that mule with wings ever let anyone pet her head without you being there first. Hey, Feathi. It’s me—ha!”
He jerked an arm out of range as the Pegasus bit and missed. She was a lot more…aggressive…than the legends of the gentle, winged steeds indicated.
“She introduced herself and bowed, Saliss. You could be more respectful—Feathi understands everything people say. Was that spontaneous, Miss Lyon?”
“No. I’d heard of bowing to a [Beast Master]’s companion in my—where I come from.”
Saliss blinked at Lyonette. Mivifa was approving.
“Well done. I’m told you come from Liscor. That’s a long ways away. Is it true the city’s practically unrecognizable? I’ve flown there once or twice, but I’ve never gone much further.”
“It’s something. Ah—I am Lyon Solstice. Pleased to meet you, Adventurer Mivifa?”
“Call me Mivi if you like. I’m told I can help you find an antidote? And that there are two companions of yours in the city? I hope they know where to find you. Either way, you’re free to stay at my place. It’s large enough and I owe Saliss…something. I don’t have much to eat, but we can find something. And tomorrow I’ll do any introductions you might need.”
Lyonette blinked. That would be helpful! A Named Adventurer in her city, vouching for them? She looked at Saliss and he shrugged.
There was a stroke of good luck. Lyon found Mivifa friendly, considerate, asking how the journey had been, offering some fresh tea, and for someone to find Ratici and Wilovan, and a good hostess.
The exact opposite of Saliss, in short. The [Princess] found herself talking about Liscor as they had Oteslian snacks, including the infamous Oteslian Trench—a hollowed out, giant vegetable with other sides and dip you slowly ate.
Wilovan and Ratici entered Mivifa’s home about that time, blinking around and tipping their hats to her and bowing deeply. Mivifa smiled at them.
“You must be Wilovan and Ratici, yes? I am Mivifa—or Mivi. Come in and have something to eat.”
