8.07 L
Page 37
“Let me at least do market-value. Everyone else is going to gouge me—you might as well earn something. Maybe they’ll think twice now that you did this. Unless you want me to keep silent…?”
She waved a claw.
“They’ll be furious, but it happens. Good luck, Saliss. How’s Pallass been?”
The Drake glanced at her.
“Same old, same old. Oteslia?”
“Better than Pallass.”
“Hm. Need a tail while I’m here on anything in particular?”
Another look at Lyonette. The Drake shook her head.
“Nothing I can really complain of. Just don’t get yourself killed, Saliss. I nearly swallowed my tail when I saw the fight with those Human [Assassins]. Tell Mirn he’s welcome to vacation here at any time.”
Saliss nodded. They actually hugged. Lyonette blinked as he put the boxes in his bag of holding and signed a slip for her to cash in at the Merchant’s Guild.
“You got your ingredients?”
“Enough to begin working. Herissa’s not a huge supplier—but she gave me what she could. Maybe it’ll help. Hopefully it doesn’t put her in too much trouble with the Herbalist’s Guild.”
He sighed. Lyonette hesitated. The Drake had just forked it all over without even haggling, unlike the united [Herbalists] and [Suppliers] of every species.
“Do you know her? It sounded like she owed you a debt.”
Saliss glanced at Lyonette.
“We’re old friends. And yes, we help each other. Forget about it. Friendship and stuff goes beyond economics. I still need more. I could wish for ten Herissas and I’d still need more. Damn. Let’s see if that makes Igniz change his tune. Any luck on the [Researchers]?”
“No. They’re all working on some project or other.”
“Really. That’s what I heard. Half the shops are selling something in the backrooms. But I’m not interested right now. Probably some ‘wonder herb’ like usual. I’ll see if I can find out what it is after this.”
They were walking back into Leafhold when they saw an angry customer arguing with Mister Igniz.
“But this is ridiculous, no? Listen, you cannot charge these prices! Pallass’ [Alchemists] cannot afford it!”
“Then they will buy it somewhere else. Oh, Baleros maybe.”
The angry Gnoll with stained fur stuck his finger up at the Drake as Saliss and Lyonette came to an abrupt standstill. He was actually trembling with fury. The Gnoll was old and he still wore his partly-corroded apron.
“This is robbery! We have been doing good business for years! And right when I need help most, you—”
“Xif?”
The Gnoll turned at Lyonette’s voice. He started, then stared.
“Is that Miss Lyon? And—”
His gaze turned left. The yellow-scaled Drake gave him a huge smile. Xif went white under his fur as Saliss opened his arms wide.
“Xif! Just the Gnoll I didn’t want to see! Lyonette, run and get me some shears, will you? I have a promise to keep. Xif, remember the inn and those [Assassins]? This is how I express gratitude!”
“Saliss!”
The Gnoll [Alchemist] yelped. Lyonette saw his hand go to his side as Saliss strode forwards, claw clenching into a fist. She saw the Gnoll [Alchemist], second-best in Pallass turn—
Then rip a club from his side and charge at Saliss. Even the Named Adventurer didn’t expect that.
“You bastard, Saliss!”
“Me? You big-mouthed [Alchemist] idiot—”
The two went rolling onto the floor, punching and biting at each other. Master Igniz shouted as the shop’s employees and guests scattered. Saliss was howling.
“Do you know how many potions I wasted because you couldn’t keep your mouth shut? I could have walked to House Veltras, but nooooo—I’m going to burn your shop down, Xif!”
“Was it you? Was it you? Everything I had was there! You—”
