8.07 L
Page 39
The voice was so loud that everyone flinched. Saliss came raging out of the backrooms with Igniz dragging at him.
“You thief! You crook!”
“Saliss, let go! That’s mine! I only have one sample—”
“Who is responsible for this? I’ll burn down your shop!”
Xif was right behind Saliss, waving his enchanted club. Lyonette had no idea why they were so upset. Then—she saw the mysterious item that had been sweeping Oteslia’s research teams, and the [Herbalists] shops. The enigmatic wonder-herb of the moment. The secret—obvious—
She stared at the little yellow flower in the pot and Saliss’ face. He turned to her, eyes wide with fury.
And all the pieces fell into place.
 
—-
 
They were called Faerie Flowers. Wil Kallinad had heard it more and more from the best [Herbalists] in Oteslia. Apparently someone had managed to cultivate the things and while they were few in number, they had astonishing effects.
And they were easy to work with. So much so that research was exploding. And the results were already…
“Yerranola? Can you hear me?”
The Selphid’s eyes opened slowly. She gasped, as the Gnoll body jerked; she had been taking command of its systems. She opened her eyes—made them move in different directions, opened and closed her mouth—then looked at him.
“Wil?”
He grabbed her in a fierce hug. Feshi let out a howl of delight.
“It worked! Yerra—are you—?”
The Selphid flexed her body, still testing it out, then gently hugged Wil.
“I—I can move! It doesn’t hurt!”
There were no tears in her eyes like Wil’s, but a bit of orange fluid had been excreted when he had first administered the new medicinal variant. She shuddered.
“The pain—I was in agony for days. Weeks! How long…?”
“Nearly a month. The poison’s still in there. I’m so sorry. We went as fast as we could, yes, but—”
Feshi was hovering next to her. Yerra nodded.
“I remember. You all worked so hard.”
“You took the arrow meant for me. If it hadn’t been for you—”
Wil Kallinad was thinner. He hadn’t slept or rested fully until Yerra had been better. And even after the first antidotes had been manufactured, coming from Xif of Pallass by Courier—he had spent money liberally to see it done. But even then….Yerra shuddered.
“The pain. It didn’t go away, even though I felt the antidotes working. But that new medicine…what is it?”
She’d been getting better, but agonizingly slowly, able to talk and tell them how much it hurt in her glass jar enchanted to hold her, but it had been too hard to see. But—Wil gestured with a trembling hand.
“It’s a new pain-drug one of the [Researchers] came up with. Faerie flowers. You’ll need to take it along with more antidote treatments until you’re all better, but—there’s no pain?”
She wept an orange tear that matted her fur.
“None. Thank you, Wil. Thank you.”
She hugged him tight. Wil relaxed. He didn’t mention how much the experimental medicine had cost, nor the rarity of the plant. But there was more growing and—Yerra was better.
At last.
 
—-
 
Xif had once bought a single faerie flower from Erin, using a Skill to force the sale. Saliss had been given more for friendship.
Both had sent them to Oteslia after [Gardeners] in Pallass had failed. Because Oteslia grew things. It was their specialty. It had been…months ago.
It was tempting to blame Xif. But his Skill was [The Avid Collector]. And he had paid what Erin was willing to sell the flower for.
It was an unfriendly sale, as Salazsar would well know, but it had been legal. It occurred to Lyonette, now, that she wasn’t needed here. The best person to have would have been…
Selys.
