8.07 L
Page 26
“This is Lyon. Mivifa, let’s talk. Lyonette, you stare at the door for a moment.”
Saliss strode on through, closing the door in Lyonette’s face. Mivifa heard an outraged sound. She sighed.
“I’m sorry, Miss Lyon! The patio’s open around back. Saliss, do you have to lock her out?”
“Named Adventurer stuff.”
The Drake was being his usual, antagonizing self. But in truth—
Here was the thing. Mivifa did not hate Saliss. On the contrary, she and he got along. Better than she did with the Swordsman of Six of Manus, for instance. Or Shriekblade, although those two were polar opposites.
They understood each other in a way. She’d known him back when he was just ‘Chaldion’s grandson’, and she was just Mivifa the Flier—one of those generic names you sometimes got. Not even a real title. Just something like—‘hey, that adventurer with the Pegasus is pretty good. Who? Mivifa. The flier? Oh, her…’
But Saliss? Perhaps it was Cire. One was unintentionally childish. Saliss was all intention. And if you remembered that, sometimes he was a lot more bearable.
Sometimes.
“Nice place you have. Feathi still hates me.”
Saliss had found her kitchen. He had an amazing memory; he’d already put some tea on. He was glancing at her, but Mivifa just folded her arms.
“She likes you, as much as that’s possible. Did she do the wing-trick? That’s her being playful. If she hated you, she’d fly over you and give you a shower.”
“Hah! I knew I liked her. So. Sorry about interrupting your fun.”
Saliss glanced up. Mivifa kept her face half-smiling, even though her insides went cold. That was Saliss. He could switch from friendly to barbs in a moment and some idiots couldn’t tell which was which. He’d been pissed during their failed raid on the Antinium. Now he was…different.
“You didn’t interrupt much. Although what happened to respecting privacy?”
He shrugged.
“I was deniable. But you could have said ‘I’ll tell Mivifa if I see her’. That’s sort of how [Spies] do things. I think. You don’t acknowledge me, I dance naked on your doorstep. That’s how it works.”
That was true. Mivifa glared, but he was unapologetic. If she’d been thinking, rather than panicking, she would have done that.
“How’re the lungs?”
Another change of topic in a moment. Mivifa coughed, reflexively.
“Good. They got me a full treatment. No permanent scarring…not much. Nothing like Izril’s Courier got. She actually sent me a [Message], you know. Making sure I was alright.”
“Huh. And here I thought it was a secret operation. So much for that.”
Saliss poured two cups. And then put a third out, empty. For Lyonette. Mivifa saw him toss one end-over-end at her.
She didn’t flinch. The liquid never left the cup. And it slowed and fell right into her hand. She sniffed, sipped.
Neither one missed a beat. If you blinked at that, you weren’t able to be a Named Adventurer.
“I think Oteslia contacted her, honestly. To make sure they knew how to deal with the poison. I never thanked you for bailing us out.”
“Well, it was a stupid idea and I just went full-idiotic until even the Antinium had enough. They weren’t being serious, either.”
Saliss relaxed. The two adventurers nodded; that was recap for you. No talking about ‘we nearly died’, or ‘what was up with Klbkch the Slayer being attacked by Wrymvr?’ If they knew, or had ideas—they represented each other’s cities.
A careful dance. And Saliss could dance. The opposite of Cire, again.
“About what you saw—”
Mivifa brought it up and Saliss was ready.
“Secret. Lips sealed. Help me out, though. You know I’m out of potions?”
She exhaled.
