8.07 L
Page 31
He slowly, and deliberately began tossing handfuls of gold onto the ground. When he had created a pile reaching up to his knees, Lyonette gave up.
“I get it. But surely it won’t cost thousands of gold to—”
“…find a cure that might involve stuff like mithril, Sage’s Grass, or other extremely expensive things? Do you know how much a Kraken’s Heart costs? Krakens have multiple hearts, at least one in each tentacle, for adults. And I could still buy your inn and have change for the price of one.”
Saliss stood on a pile of gold. Lyonette stared at him; Ratici’s fingers were twitching. The Named Adventurer had…Named Adventurer money. [Princess] money. She had forgotten that her allowance had been enough to pay the entire staff of The Wandering Inn and then some.
And an adventurer could be as rich as a nation. Saliss began shoveling his gold back into his bag of holding.
“This is my spare change, incidentally. I have more in the Merchant’s Guild; I don’t carry around tens of thousands of gold pieces. By the way, I’m poor right now. Or I will be, once I buy everything I need. But don’t worry—I’ll ‘contribute’.”
“Thank you.”
Lyonette whispered stiffly. Saliss sat back.
“And whom are we visiting, sir?”
Wilovan looked like he wanted to smack the Drake. Saliss raised a claw and went abruptly serious.
“I’m visiting [Herbalists] and [Merchants] and [Suppliers]. You are going to follow me around. But Mivifa will introduce you to the people you need.”
“Not those groups?”
Lyonette was confused. She thought the point was to get Saliss what he needed so he could begin his studies into curing Erin. That, or ask fellow [Alchemists] in Oteslia. That was her rough plan.
Saliss just shook his head.
“If you wanted a good [Alchemist], Lyonette, you’d go to Pallass and me and Xif. You heard about those kids with the poisoned Selphid?”
Lyonette vaguely did. Saliss grinned.
“They went to Oteslia because it was closer. Which makes sense, but it was also slightly off. You see—you go to Pallass for established recipes. Because the [Alchemists] there can make it. Oteslia—well, it can be remade here cheaply so that was smart. But if you want medicine, or to create something new? You go to Oteslia.”
“Not Pallass again? I thought [Alchemists] made new things too.”
“We do. But we’re experimenters. What happens if I infuse Sage’s Grass water with the element of sulfur and then heat it into a gas and toss lightning into the mix? Hint—nothing. It’s boring. We don’t know what we’re making, a lot of the time. But in Oteslia, you want a specialist class who can do the job reliably, not kill themselves—usually.”
“Which is?”
Lyonette felt like Saliss enjoyed lecturing and holding back the truth. But he was also explaining—as aggravatingly as he chose to do it. The [Alchemist] grinned.
“A [Researcher]. Someone whose job it is to…figure out how to do something. Oteslia has more raw materials than anywhere but Salazsar, and Fissival has magical versions of this, but—you want medicine? Hire a [Researcher] for something new. Hire a [Scholar] to find out if it’s been done before. Hire a [Shaman] or a [Druid] to see if there are traditional ways of making it happen. That’s who you need.”
Lyonette looked at him. She was embarrassed to admit it, but she hadn’t known there was a [Researcher] class, even with her knowledge of classes. Once again, Saliss was her guide. She nodded.
“…Thank you.”
“I’ll let you ask. I can do it once I finish shopping. It’s almost as if Saliss could do all this himself! But that would be silly, wouldn’t it?”
