8.07 L
Page 25
She hadn’t prepared. Had he seen her vanity? She normally only used this place to sleep and host parties where Cire was coming. It wasn’t a place lived in.
“What? You’re Creler-brained. Hey, I sorted it out. He thought I looked like Mivifa. Maybe that was Saliss. Archmage, right? Maybe I’m related to Mivifa after all, though.”
She tried with a grin. Cire just looked at her.
When he sat there, alone, not socializing as he almost always was, he looked older. Despite being so young. He didn’t even like sleeping alone, Mivi knew.
He said he had bad dreams, alone.
“You know, you’ve been a Silver-ranked adventurer for a while. Like—how many years now?”
Mivifa froze as she walked into her apartment. She tried to shrug.
“Years. Who uses those stupid numbering system. That’s the tree-system, Cire. I don’t bother, do you?”
Normally he’d laugh. Today? He just looked at her.
“Where’s Fessi?”
“At the stables. What, you think—you are monking, Cire. Just because we both have Pegasi? Do I have wings coming out my back?”
At last, the Dragon grinned. He relaxed.
“I know that! I’m just—flapping about. That was weird, is all. But hey—you saw I was nearly in that Human girl’s pants, right?”
“Gross. And no, you weren’t. If I hadn’t dragged you off, she’d have stabbed you.”
Mivifa was relieved, and thought he was just as relieved. Cire scoffed.
“She was into me. There was something about her, you know? She was like…shining. But not just because she had a nice body. There was something else.”
Mivifa frowned, but she put it down to bluster.
“You mind Crelering off? I need to talk to the Guildmistress.”
“Aw, no, really?”
“Yep. She wants to make Saliss happy, so guess who gets to help because you had to make him toss a potion?”
“I Crelered up. Look, I’ll make it up to you.”
“Whatever. Get lost, you.”
She smiled until he was gone. Then she packed up the few things she needed to take.
Fetale slipped in and she glared at him.
“Thanks for the warning.”
“It’s on your [Message] scroll. He lost us, believe it or not. He’s too fast when he wants to be—sorry.”
“It’s Archmage.”
“Gah.”
They both grimaced and grinned at the slang. Mivifa turned.
“I need to deal with Saliss. Handle him for me?”
“Yeah. I guess I’m in charge until he’s gone. Mivi—”
She turned. Fetale was standing there.
“Hm?”
The Drake met her eyes, seriously.
“That was the most shaken I’ve seen him in years. He’s not going to stay fooled. We’re putting together a ‘Mivifa’ so you can deny it, but—”
Her smile vanished.
“I know. It might be time for Mivi to leave.”
He nodded slowly. With heavy wings, Mivifa changed and flew towards her home.
 
—-
 
It was two of them. The Human and Saliss.
That surprised Mivifa as she flew back to her home. The Oldblood of Feathers had thought it was mere coincidence or a passing acquaintance.
She didn’t know why Saliss was h—wait, yes she did. That war with the Guild of Assassins in the north.
She’d forgotten about the massive detonation he’d caused. He had to be out of his potions stock, even for Saliss. And his power relied on having hundreds, thousands of pre-prepared battle potions.
No wonder he’d come here. Mivifa went over what to say as she landed on the patio, and went in through the back. By the time she opened the door, she was half-smiling.
“Saliss, just when my day can’t get worse.”
“Mivifa!”
He had a similar expression. Lyonette, behind him, half-bowed, uncertain what to do. Mivifa’s eyes flicked to her.
“Hello, Miss. Sorry about my—the young Drake who bothered you, earlier.”
“Oh, it’s nothing, Adventurer Mivifa. My name is—”
