8.07 L
Page 22
“Hey. Hey—is that you? Mivifa? Well, I just say your name and you turn up! It’s me! Saliss!”
He spread his arms wide with a grin. Cire stopped fighting and the Named Adventurer—who had been using all her considerable strength but barely managed to drag him half a dozen paces—looked around.
“Mivifa? Oh, no. I’m Mividel. Sorry, wrong person.”
Saliss stopped. He eyed the young Drake as Lyonette blinked at him. She knew the name of the Oldblood of Feathers. So did Cire, who crowed at his companion.
“Hah! It happened again, Mivi! Wait. Did he just say his name was Saliss? As in…no way. That’d be Archmage.”
He stared at Saliss. The [Alchemist] ignored him. He was just…looking at the young Drake woman. Then—he grinned.
“It is you. I sold you that Feigned Youth Potion. Don’t play games, Mivifa. I need a favor.”
Cire laughed. Mivifa was giving Saliss ten kinds of unspoken warnings. On the rooftop, Necla, Fetale, and the others were silently panicking.
“I don’t know who you’re confusing me with, mister. But I’m Mividel.”
“Yeah. And I’m Saliss of Lights. Fine—don’t be like that. But I’m stopping by your place in thirty minutes.”
“Listen to this guy.”
Cire was laughing. But Saliss wasn’t. He was looking at Mivifa and…Cire. Lyonette was blinking at both of them. Mivifa let go and Cire pointed.
“No way you’re Saliss of Lights.”
The [Alchemist] looked at him. He shrugged.
“Yeah. No way. Lyonette? I think we should be going. Did your Hatguys tell you where you were meeting up? No? They’ll find us. Let’s check in at the Alchemist’s Guild and then I’ll meet my old friend.”
He turned and winked at Lyonette openly. Cire snorted.
“Hey, guy. I don’t know who you’re trying to Creler about. But don’t just throw names around! Saliss of Lights is awesome. He blew up thousands of Humans! You can’t just steal his style!”
He shouted at Saliss. They were attracting more looks. Saliss looked around. He glanced back at Mivifa. And at Lyonette. She gave him a warning look.
“You are meeting a friend, right?”
She stressed the word. Saliss shrugged.
“Yep. Well, no. Comrade. Acquaintance. Also, it may be Oteslia. But if you want attention…you get it.”
Lyonette tensed to grab his claw. But he just took her by the arm and led her briskly away. Cire kept laughing and jeering as Mivifa stood still, sweating under her makeup.
“Did you hear that guy? What a lunatic, Mivi—”
Saliss flipped a bottle over his shoulder as he walked through the crowd. The people by the north gate saw it rotate upwards, and upwards…and then fall, spinning. Mivi jumped for it, but Cire was in the way. He saw it l—
Poomph.
It wasn’t toxic, and it was actually colored air, so those caught in the massive epicenter of the cloud weren’t harmed—no more than the dust stirred by the explosion made them cough, really.
Still. People across the city and even the First Gardener, having tea from her balcony, saw the huge, rising cloud of reddish ‘dust’ expand and turn into a grinning Drake for a second—then slowly drift apart on the wind. She spat out her tea.
She had another headache.
 
—-
 
Mivifa Selifscale, Oldblood of Feathers, stood in front of the First Gardener. To say she was in trouble was an understatement.
“So, Cirediel now knows you are the Named Adventurer. And Saliss of Lights has entered our city at a time when mass pandemonium is the last thing we need.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Mivifa was sweating. She had removed her makeup, but was no less tense. She had lost Cire only after literally dodging into the Adventurer’s Guild to ‘clear up the mistake’. She felt bad for anyone trying to handle him now.
