8.07 L
Page 8
The Oldblood of Feathers, as she was known, was a famous adventurer. She could sprout wings of feathers due to her connection with her Pegasi companion. She was the highest-level [Beast Master]-[Rider] adventurer in all of Oteslia, perhaps all of Izril now that Tritel, the Moonlight Rider, was dead.
It gave her no pleasure to hear of his death. She thought about that, and Ci, the horse part of the duo. What was happening to her?
When she had time, she’d head north and check. But Mivifa was one of the types of adventurers who was always busy. No cycle of extreme danger and then long relaxation for her, like some who had made it to the top.
Every day she had something to do. And that something began the moment she finished her scrupulous routine.
Unlike Humans, sagging skin wasn’t really a Drake thing. No, it was discolored scales—wrinkles did appear, in a sense—but also just how your neck spines were, the vibrancy of color.
It sometimes shocked people who got to know her how much the Oldblood of Feathers spent on beauty products, especially those to make her young. But as quirks for Named Adventurers went, it was a mild one. Most had some weird flaw or obsession; so what if the female Drake wanted to look like she was still in her twenties, despite being twice that age? Let it be. She was responsible, without scandal, and a hero of her city.
The truth was, Mivifa would have done away with all the beauty products and time spent if she could.
But it wasn’t for her.
So, Mividel Maxiclaw, no relation to the Named Adventurer, Silver-rank in her twenties, exited her relatively modest apartment an hour after waking. And stretching; you had to stretch. She already knew someone would be waiting for her.
“Mivi, what’s on the wing?”
A Drake folded his arms and leaned against the doorway. It was the kind of lean with attitude. He spoke casually, without formality; his neck-spines were oiled back, and he had on a trendy jacket and shorts. He was Oldblood; his wings were long and vermillion, like his scales.
“Fetale, I was just monking out over breakfast. I am good to fly today. Where’s Cire?”
The Drake raised one thumb-claw, using the common vernacular of Oteslia’s youth, despite not having wings herself. The other male Drake, Fetale, made a psht sound.
“How should I know? He’s circling. I figured we’d meet up at the Root—see what’s what.”
Mivi nodded. They leaned on the balcony of her apartment. After a moment, they both saw that Mivi’s neighbor, a female Drake in her late thirties, was sweeping her porch. She had systematically winced her way through the entire greeting and was giving them a side-eye. She hurried inside after a moment.
Mividel…sagged after a moment. She looked around, checking the skies, and after a moment shuffled over to Fetale.
“Where is he actually?”
Cire. Fetale dropped the casual lounge-maneuver, which took a lot of practice and was actually straining on the back. He rubbed at his shoulders.
“Morning fly with some of the actual kids. We’ve got eyes on him. We’re meeting at the Root to hang out.”
“Got it.”
Mividel sighed. That was her actual name; Mivifa was the alias, the Named Adventurer. She ‘lived’ in this apartment, unlike the very nice, much more sumptuous one she had in the upper part of the city. But she had gone out that door in full youth-mode.
Just in case he was there, as he sometimes was. She nodded.
“Let’s slide on down to the Root, then.”
She was trying. But Fetale caught her before they headed onto the street.
“Mivi. I can’t do this anymore.”
