8.07 L
Page 11
“Aw, come on, Cire. It’s amazing!”
Melt, the Drake who’d suggested it, was actually young. He glanced at Mivi, annoyed, and pointed to the horizon.
“They’ve got a Named Adventurer there! The Stargnoll and her team! And it only happens every twenty years! You’re saying you don’t want to see that?”
Cire hesitated. He cast a glance at Mivi, then relaxed.
“Named Adventurer? Oteslia’s got two—no, three coming in and out. And I’ve met one. They’re boring as Dullahans.”
“No way. You’re rogueing with me.”
“Am not.”
The Earth Dragon flicked one wing.
“Met Mivifa the Oldblood last year. My m—my old woman had her over. Stuffy and boring as you can get.”
“Aw. Really? I heard she was cool.”
“You think that, but she wouldn’t even fly with me.”
Mivi relaxed, nodding along, feeling a surreal sensation creep down her back. Cire thought he knew ‘her’, but that was an [Actress] who had played in for Mivi.
All was going well. These rogue elements, ‘Melt’ and the two Gnolls, plus the Drake girlfriend of one of the two Gnolls, weren’t interfering too much. That was when it happened.
“Besides, the Meeting of Tribes isn’t that rare. I’ve known like…four that took place. We can always go to the next one.”
Melt frowned. Around the table, half the people stirred. The other half just blinked.
“What are you talking about, Cire? It’s every twenty years.”
“Nah, it’s not. It’s…”
Cire frowned. His eyes flickered. Before he could say or do anything, Necla lifted her foot, and smacked it on the table.
All the dishes jumped. Everyone stared at her as she rocked onto her feet.
“I’m bored as a Dullahan. You lot going to monk about Gnoll events? No offense—but Cire probably remembers some other random gathering. You know his memory’s shot.”
“Hey!”
Cire feinted a punch at her shoulder. Everyone laughed, and some of the Gnolls chuckled.
“Tribes, they’re always gathering and meeting. I can’t fly and unless someone’s carrying me, I say let’s scatterbrain and see what’s what.”
To Mivi’s relief, one of the City Gnolls echoed Necla’s statement. Cire leapt to his feet. He crammed another tart into his mouth.
“Sounds good. Let’s see the bazaar, though!”
Mivi hopped to her feet and felt a twinge in her back. Gah! Posture! She frowned at the tarts. They’d have to get another [Chef] if he kept having breakfasts like this. One who could incorporate something better than jam, sugar, and bread into the snack-foods.
One minor crisis averted. She checked the others to see if they were thinking about the Meeting of Tribes comment Cire had let slip, but she didn’t think it was a huge issue. She nodded to Fetale and Necla. Then she strode after Cire.
It was hard. Harder than being a Named Adventurer—well, not trying to fight Wrymvr. She’d been laid out with a flu for the last two weeks, and so had had to be with Cire after that. He’d been worried about her.
This was her job. As long as she could do it, she would. But she was forty four. She couldn’t do this another century.
Oh. Mivi closed her eyes. And for a second, she was a young Drake again.
And he had never changed. Cire ran down the street, laughing, jumping and gliding down a staircase.
He didn’t change. Not since she was eleven and met the cool, older Drake and wanted to inspire his respect. And then realized he didn’t grow taller. That some of the older Drakes and Gnolls were…off.
That was why Fetale and the others quit. Not just because they got too old. But because it hurt to move at different speeds through time.
 
—-
 
