8.07 L
Page 14
Ferris was in trouble; Saliss hadn’t given him any protection, but Lyonette, Wilovan, and Ratici were having their Grade-2 documents written up at this very moment, instead of the hours-long wait. Authority was speed in bureaucracy.
“I forgot about those stupid documents. I never have to worry because I’m Saliss.”
“So you’ve said. Can you explain what they were talking about?”
Lyonette saw the [Scribe] working on her paper documents; they’d get stamps and time codes, signatures, and such, but they weren’t anything like his mithril card. Saliss shrugged.
“Grade-1 is basic. You can enter cities, and you’re not a criminal. Almost anyone can get those. Grade-2 means you can use services like carriages, buy goods in bulk, etc. Grade-3 means you can purchase land; most people can get Grades 1-3. Grade-4’s more about your clearance. And so on. They go up pretty high.”
Lyonette eyed him.
“So what is yours?”
He was picking at his teeth.
“Me? Grade-6. Because they don’t like me. I should have like, a Grade-8; Grade-9 is for top brass like a [General] or head of state. Walled Cities are petty. You know, Zel Shivertail was only actually Grade-7?”
She nodded slowly. This might not matter too much for her future, but it was just another way in which she was realizing how cut-off Liscor had been.
“Miss? We’re nearly done with your background certifications. Pallass has provided that…I can write in the last details. Adventurer Saliss, can you sign one of the authentication forms here?”
Saliss sighed and did it three times. The [Scribe] stared at him; she was in awe of Saliss, probably because she hadn’t ever met…Saliss…and only knew the better rumors.
“Yes, what do I do?”
Lyonette sat there. The Drake smiled.
“Just your name, age, country of origin, and minor details, Miss.”
Ah. Lyonette du Marquin hesitated. She eyed Wilovan and Ratici, who both looked just as unhappy about this kind of documentation. She opened her mouth—and then had an idea.
“Lyon Solstice. Spelled ‘L-I-O-N’, by the way. I come from C—Invrisil.”
“I see, I see. Lion Solstice…age?”
“Eight—no, nineteen this year.”
“We try to be accurate, miss. Eighteen…a few more questions…any prior criminal charges with a Drake city? No…mhm…”
Lyonette was sweating a bit. But the [Scribe] was writing all of it down! Wilovan and Ratici gave identical responses, nearly. First Landing was where they came from.
“All right! This is all set.”
The three relaxed. The [Scribe] smiled brightly.
“Now, all I have to do is take your statement via truth stone that the following is correct, you sign here, I sign here…and we’re done. Let me just find my stone…”
Lyonette began sweating again. She saw the [Scribe] fussing about and then the Drake of the hour swept in. His name was Saliss. It should have been Chaos.
“Hey. I know this is taking a bit, so I’m going to just stand outside in front of the carriages until you’re done, alright?”
The [Scribe], Watch Sergeant, and other people in the gatehouse office looked around. Saliss stood up.
And he had removed his pants. The [Scribe] recoiled. The Desk Sergeant stared.
“Adventurer Saliss, what are you—”
“Don’t mind me! Just going to do some stretches while I wait. Not like I’m in a hurry or a famous adventurer or anything! Excuse me! Stop! Pushups here. One, two…”
“Adventurer Saliss, we have a procedure—why are you naked?”
Lyonette began to breathe as she heard a commotion. People were shouting, screaming, and still, Saliss was quite audible.
