8.07 L
Page 51
Both had walked Erin’s [Garden of Sanctuary]. They had seen the flowers. Nalthaliarstrelous had even commented on them. Shassa bit her lip and looked at Nalthaliarstrelous.
His eyes narrowed.
“Burning such plants should be a crime. And if they can help Oteslia—many people and animals, I rule that they should be spread around as widely as can be, as Sage’s Grass was, rather than hoarded!”
Lyonette felt sweat run down her back. She’d forgotten how much he made her mad. But this was her shot. So she went on, nodding.
“Perhaps so, Druid Nalthaliarstrelous. But do you deny that it is also wrong to steal and lie about the truth, even if it is obvious but without evidence?”
She indicated the Oteslians and they shifted. Nalthaliarstrelous snorted.
“This entire affair is petty and childish. I agree with that. And I say those flowers came from one garden alone. Druid Shassa. Do you deny that?”
“I—I—but they were grown elsewhere and they are plants, Druid Nal—”
He glowered at her and raised his staff. Half the [Druids] edged away from his wrath. Shassa actually had to block his staff as it swung at her head.
“Okay! Yes! I don’t see how they could have come from anywhere else!”
The First Gardener looked worried.
“But Druid Nalthaliarstrelous, this incident is highly tenuous. Could we perhaps take a break to—”
“You called for [Druids]! We don’t wait on justice!”
He snapped back. She looked at the other Oteslian [Druids]. Lyonette just smiled.
“Druid Nalthaliarstrelous. Let me assure you of one thing. Oteslia will not be without the faerie flowers. But it will accede to basic law of possession.”
The old man in his filthy robes looked at her.
“Explain.”
“Saliss and Xif have their flowers. Oteslia can trade for them. But they will trade.”
She met his eyes. The [Druid] harrumphed.
“So that’s your game. If you weren’t the little landfriend’s mother, I would hit you. As it is—[Stinking Cloud].”
“Wha—”
Lyonette was engulfed in a cloud of putrid, foul brown air. She stumbled out of it, coughing and hacking. Nalthaliarstrelous was already turning away.
“The flowers are the [Alchemist]’s. They were stolen, and it is a crime to steal that which was so carefully raised and taken care of. Shut up, all of you!”
The other [Druids] were protesting. Nalthaliarstrelous raised his staff and Lyonette saw druid-politics at its finest. He shouted on.
“They came from a place of old roots and power! You know they were stolen, shared about! Well, this is what comes of lies and deceit. Buy the damn things! They must be bought—so be it! Beg or buy for them. This judgment is over!”
He slammed his staff on the ground and walked off. Lyonette shouted an insult at his back and got another [Stinking Cloud] to the face.
But she’d won.
 
—-
 
Afterwards, Lyonette regretted telling—hinting—for Wilovan and Ratici to burn their stash. But Saliss and Xif had flowers, and she hadn’t been sure if Mivifa would order them searched.
Better to deny anything.
She soaked for three hours before the magical spell abated. Feathi was fanning her dry as the first people slowly came to negotiate.
Saliss and Xif were waiting. They had desires. Lots of herbs, ingredients…and they were about as kindly-disposed to the people who wanted the flowers as Lyonette was to Nalthaliarstrelous.
However, there was business to be done. And more than one [Researcher] wanted those flowers. So—they had to negotiate.
It had begun. And it had only taken two days. Lyonette sighed as she saw Dromenl in the waiting crowd. She beckoned at him, smiling.
