8.07 L
Page 18
“I think it’s to meet with my contact. Unless you have somewhere you want to start?”
Saliss of Lights sauntered into Oteslia with Lyonette, Wilovan, and Ratici. The Gentlemen Callers held back, politely letting the two take lead. Lyonette nodded.
She had no contacts here. No knowledge of where to start.
“Who’s your friend? Another [Alchemist]?”
Saliss winked at her.
“You think my only friends are [Alchemists]? Wait, you think I have friends? Touching. But we need a place to stay, and introductions. Oteslia is about knowing people as much as having gold to spend. And we’ll have to go outside of my regular suppliers to find the exotic stuff and experts.”
Lyonette had feared that. She nodded.
“Do you know where to find them?”
“Eh, I thought I’d ask. Hey—hey you. Is the Oldblood of Feathers in the city? I’m Saliss. Excuse me…”
The Drake promptly went to the nearest person, a Plains Gnoll shopping in the market right by the gates, and tapped her on the shoulder. Lyonette sighed.
He had Erin-energy. Which could be a good thing, but…she looked around.
She didn’t know where to begin. Did Saliss even need her? Ratici sidled up.
“Miss Marquin. If you feel safe in Saliss’ presence, Wilovan and I might do a bit of recon ourselves, as it were. See what our scene looks like.”
She glanced at him.
“You won’t cause trouble?”
The Gentleman Caller tipped his cap.
“We’ll be discreet. But there’s few ways for us to help you aside from sorting out the wrong sort unless…”
“Yes, thank you. Er—whatever you need to do. I’ll stay with Saliss.”
“You’ll be safe?”
Ratici studied her. Lyonette swirled the Cloak of Balshadow and showed him her rings—and the Wand of [Fireballs] that Hedault had recharged for her.
“I think so.”
He nodded. Wilovan tipped his tall hat and they vanished in a second. Lyonette turned back to Saliss—
And the Drake was gone. How did an [Alchemist] without a shirt vanish? The crowd swirled around her.
It was like being in a new city again. Lyonette felt a moment’s apprehension. She was alone—like Erin had been. Maybe she should have asked for one of the two to stay with her? But it wasn’t like she’d be hurt in a crowd. Surely. She made her way forwards, looking for familiar scales or a voice—or just someone screaming about nudity.
“Hey, lovely lady. You look lost. New to Oteslia? I could show you around.”
…And within a moment, someone had found her. A Drake leaned against a shop counter, grinning. Lyonette blinked.
“Um. Hello?”
The Drake had loose trousers and a tunic—both rather nice, but altered to make room for his wings and a tail. That already made him Oldblood, but he was, well, rather splendid.
His scales were a unique green coloration that turned to brown or even purple in places. A pattern almost as vibrant as Lizardfolk’s, unlike the Drake monochrome color. And he looked—healthy.
It was hard to describe. It was like the one out of ten thousand, or a million, who had a vitality that let them do back-to-back marathons, or other obnoxious feats of endurance. He gave her a grin with swagger.
“The name’s Cire. And you are?”
Not interested. In spite of all his good looks, Lyonette did not intend to waste time. Nor was she available in any sense of the word.
“Very pleased to meet you. Excuse me. I’m just looking for a friend, actually.”
She stepped around him. The Drake blinked as she walked past him in a moment. He hesitated, glanced at a distant roof, and hurried after her.
“Come on! Who’s your friend? Where are you from, Miss? The north? Another continent? Are you here to buy something? I know everyone in the city.”
