8.07 L
Page 36
Wilovan murmured. Lyonette shook her head.
“It’s fine, Wilovan. Thank you for looking around. I don’t know what this is—something wrong, Ratici?”
The Drake was scratching at the back of his neck. He tipped his cap.
“Begging your pardon, Miss Lyon. Old habits.”
Ah. The [Thief]. She hesitated.
“I don’t think Mivifa would take kindly to any…”
“Not me, Miss Lyon. I wouldn’t jeopardize anything. It’s just—there’s something valuable back there. Familiar. I was trying to place it.”
Lyonette blinked. She wondered what made Ratici’s [Thief] senses tingle. She glanced at Wilovan.
“You can’t hear…?”
“They ward the entire facility. Sensible, Miss Lyon. I’m afraid we’re in the dark, so to speak.”
He shrugged and she sighed.
Mivifa was no better. She knew—but obviously it was a secret matter.
“I can see why they don’t want to help. The First Gardener might be able to insist one drops the issue. They don’t all have to work on the same thing, although if one gets lucky—I’ll bring it up with her. But it is a find, Miss Lyon. Let’s find Saliss and see if he’s had any luck.”
 
—-
 
He had not. Saliss was spitting mad as he stomped from shop to shop. Wilovan and Ratici had taken themselves off to ‘do some investigating on the sly, as it were’, and Mivifa was checking more researchers to confirm they were all on the same thing.
Lyonette glumly watched him enter another shop, the smallest so far compared to all the big ones. He had been shouting really pithy insults at all of the unified sellers of herbs as he realized they were working together to raise prices on all the things he needed.
She expected him to do as he had done in the last shop; kick the door open, and ask if the shopkeeper wanted to make money, or be an obstinate Lizard.
However. This shop was…interesting. The Drake at the counter leaned over and blinked.
“Is that Saliss?”
She was middle-aged. Saliss walked up.
“Herissa. Please tell me it’s not everyone marking up their prices?”
She swished her tail as Lyonette looked around the establishment. This wasn’t a huge facility, but it was doing well. The [Herbalist] sighed.
“They smell money, and you’re rich, Saliss. Sorry. What’s your list? As if I don’t know—it’s been going around.”
“So they’re working together? Creler eggs! I’d chuck it in their gardens if it wasn’t a war crime!”
“Don’t be too mad—they’re doing it to all the [Alchemists]. They know there’s a shortage—or will be once you’re done buying. The television.”
“Damn Sir Relz and that thing. I’m gonna take off his pants live!”
She laughed at that.
“Let me know so I can watch! Alright, alright. Stop stamping around. Let’s see. Obsidian Leaf…sulfur…Eir Gel…Sage’s Grass—why do you need that? And who’s your Human friend?”
She was glancing warily at Lyonette. Saliss waved a claw.
“She’s from Liscor.”
“Really? The Liscor I’ve heard about? Is she…?”
“No, but she’s a friend. And I bought Sage’s Grass from the [Farmer] in Celum, but he’s a damned [Pirate]. Literally. Still cheaper than Oteslia, but his is only one farm…I need it all.”
The [Herbalist] pursed her lips.
“Well, I need some for my brews too. Alright, here’s what I have. I made it up as soon as I knew what you were dealing with. It’s all I can spare.”
Lyonette blinked. The Drake [Herbalist] began putting box upon box on the counter. Saliss relaxed.
“That’s your entire stock.”
“Well, I can get more faster than you can. And you can pay me just enough for a profit.”
Saliss hesitated.
