8.07 L
Page 27
“I’ll introduce you to anyone you need. Not that you don’t have a reputation. But I bet the First Gardener would lean on the big suppliers just to have you out of her city. Please don’t cause more altercations.”
“No promises.”
He grinned. Mivifa waited. One, two, three…sip. And then it was daggers out again.
“So, that Drake was pretty young.”
He was almost predictable at times. If you knew him. Mivifa folded her arms, as if defensively. And this was her time to be an [Actor]. Her first class.
“It’s my business what I do in my spare time. You never asked when you sold me any of the potions.”
The [Alchemist] looked at her. And Mivifa felt her stomach churning. He might not say anything. Probably not, actually. But if he did—this was what the First Gardener had asked of her.
If it came out that Mivifa the Oldblood of Feathers chased younger men about in her free time…it wasn’t the worst thing to come out about a Named Adventurer. It was only her reputation.
For Cirediel, she would do it in a heartbeat. Saliss shrugged.
“Fair enough. He was cute, I guess. I’m not an expert on what Drake women like. But they don’t get younger than that, do they?”
Mivifa was caught mid-smile. She reflexively answered.
“No! Of course not!”
This time the [Alchemist] did grin. His eyes flickered. She saw him flick a claw and knew he’d been using some kind of potion.
“Good to hear. Because I’d have had to kill you, otherwise.”
They looked at each other. The air tensed—then both Named Adventurers laughed. They began talking, Mivifa asking about the Guild business, why he’d even done something that stupid. Saliss about the Meeting of Tribes and new developments in Oteslia.
Both of them knew Saliss had meant every word he’d just said.
 
—-
 
Lyonette stomped around the back of Mivifa’s home. The gate was unlocked, which made her worry the Named Adventurer was as careless as Saliss…
…Until she realized Mivifa had the world’s most dangerous attack-Pegasus in her huge, open lawn. The splendid creature wasn’t actually snow-white, like all the picture books. If anything, her fur and feathers were a slight blue, and speckled with bright bits of cerulean.
She was magnificent, too. And intelligent. Lyonette halted.
She had begun to realize how much Saliss was doing and how little she was. He’d gotten her into the city, found them a contact—if not a place to stay—and knew Oteslia.
Lyonette hadn’t even been able to chase off an obnoxious Drake. The [Princess] did not like feeling useless. It was nostalgic, but not everything nostalgic was good.
She knew Saliss had to be discussing something he couldn’t say in front of her—Drake politics perhaps. So she waited outside. Feathi was watching her, a bit warily, but she must have a connection with Mivifa that told her Lyonette was harmless.
Was she like Apista? Lyonette investigated the nice patio, built onto the balcony. Mivifa was a…[Beast Master], according to Lyonette’s vague knowledge of her. Apista was hardly a dedicated companion, but Lyonette had a few Skills. And Apista was smart enough to send messages, do guard duty on Mrsha, even go hunting for rats and other pests. And that was a bee, no offense to Apista.
On a hunch and memory, Lyonette turned. She walked out onto the lawn and the Pegasus’ wings instantly rose in an aggressive position. She was already horse-sized, but when she raised the wings, she looked massive.
Lyonette halted. She gulped, and then—bowed. The Pegasus blinked at her. Lyonette bowed very gracefully.
