8.07 L
Page 34
[Calming Touch]. Also, a [Charming Smile]. Lyonette was using [Basic Negotiator] and her [Imperial Aura], all to soothe and flatter the Garuda.
It seemed to be working pretty well, because he blushed and preened at his messy, ink-stained feathers. As Garuda went, he probably had trouble with his own species; his plumage was disordered and Lyonette wondered—politely speaking—if he might have come to Izril to have better luck outside his species.
“Well—that’s very kind of you, Miss Lyon. And a Named Adventurer’s patronage—”
“Not to mention the revolutionary insights of curing someone in such a state. And the gratitude of Liscor?”
She pressed him. He blushed again.
“Of course, of course. I tell you what—I’d be delighted to look into the matter. Frozen flesh? Not to mention detoxifying a venom? I can think of a number of [Herbalists] and [Researchers] I could contact who might get in on a project like this—if amply funded.”
Saliss sighed. But Lyonette brightened. At last!
“We’ll pay for speed and a team if needed! How soon can you begin working?”
“Ah. Well—two months?”
Lyonette’s face fell. The Garuda hastened to qualify.
“It’s not that I don’t see the urgency! It’s just that I’m in ah, competition at the moment with my fellow [Researchers] and so on. I would make this my second top priority, but—”
“You can’t put it aside even for someone mortally wounded?”
The Garuda looked distressed at Lyonette’s reproachful look. He blushed under his feathers.
“I am sorry. But this is—well, it could define my career. Literally put me above all my competition, Miss. And it’s a certain thing. Two months. From what you say, your friend can wait that long. Let’s discuss it over dinner. I can spare an hour or two tonight if you—Miss? Miss…?”
“I’m going to another shop. Meet you after the next researcher?”
Lyonette nodded. She walked to the next address. And then met up with Mivifa, Ratici, and Wilovan.
The Oldblood of Feathers had returned from commissioning the sports projects to help. She was looking miffed.
“That’s the third [Researcher] completely occupied, Miss Lyon. Have you found anyone?”
“No, Mivifa.”
“Not one? Something must be up. I wonder…”
The Named Adventurer frowned. She looked at Ratici and Wilovan. They tugged at their hats.
“I’m terribly sorry, Miss Lyonette. But even Miss Mivifa couldn’t sway the [Researchers], as it were.”
Lyonette stared, incredulous. Mivifa’s frown only deepened.
“Something must be up. I’ve never seen Horticulturalist’s Way this obsessed. Even if they’re all competing, there’s always someone willing to spare time for…and is Saliss still having trouble buying anything?”
“Yes.”
Mivifa sighed.
“The First Gardener won’t be happy. But she won’t want to fight all the [Herbalists]—enough is enough. Saliss is one thing and he can take care of himself. He’s rich. But this is a mission of mercy. Follow me.”
She strode back to the first [Researcher] that Lyonette had tried. It was a rather strange…building. Lyonette saw lots of enchantments around it, and the doors were locked. She suspected it was the kind of place where experiments both dangerous and mundane could be carried out; it was long and had few windows, although—six chimneys.
“Excuse me! This is Mivifa Selifscale! I request a meeting with Researcher Dromenl! At once!”
The Named Adventurer knocked on the door and shouted loudly. People in the street glanced at her. She knocked—waited—and then, after no response came, began to lose her temper.
