8.07 L
Page 49
The rhyme of one of the great gangs of Izril. And two experts. Oh, but it had been a long time since they practiced their craft. It felt good. Liberating.
Oteslia knew crime. But it did not know one of the best duos in Izril. They were so quick.
“Enchanted window.”
“I see it. One, two, three—”
Wilovan seized the crack of the window, yanked it up. His Skill silenced the explosive crack of masonry and wood. Ratici leapt through the narrow gap, his body twisting—it would have been a struggle for him normally, but the single leap carried his entire body through without even brushing the sides.
…four, five…Wilovan counted to ten. He heard a rustle, and Ratici dove back out.
“That fast?”
“Sitting on the table. On we go.”
 
“The rich man awakes and his goods are gone,
The wise man doesn’t ask, and looks at the ones who yawn;
But says not a word from dusk till dawn.”
 
What a glorious night! Wilovan’s head was bare at times, and he was an indistinguishable Gnoll, or one wearing a mask—Ratici likewise. But they strolled and did a jig near the end, chuckling, singing together.
“Ah, but there’s a smart girl. A [Princess], you’re sure?”
“So they say. Bright future ahead. I feel like we’ve earned our beds, eh, Wilovan?”
Ratici sat back. Wilovan nodded. They both stared down.
Sixty seven faerie flowers. That was all that had been produced beyond what Xif and Saliss had personally had grown. A little—and a lot, spread out across Oteslia. But there they were, brightly poking up at the two from the little cup.
A fortune. A wondrous plant. Wilovan slowly turned to Ratici.
“A man’s fortune can look like a lot, Ratici, old friend. Makes you think.”
“I think a man’s fortune is his word, which is his bond, Wilovan.”
The Gnoll touched the brim of his hat.
“Too true. I was rather thinking that some should be sent back to the inn—to grow again.”
Ratici relaxed.
“Ah, that. Miss Lyon said they were cared for. That Saliss will open his shop and have Miss Octavia transplant some he had in his laboratory.”
“Oh, good. Beautiful little things, eh? Look like gold if you…well then.”
Wilovan put the cup of flowers down. Ratici produced something from his pocket. He poured the liquid into the cup.
There was a striking sound. Wilovan tossed the match and both men stood back. They’d been warned.
The cup flared as the liquid ignited. The match vaporized. They stood there a moment. Then walked off, humming, as the sun began to rise.
 
—-
 
The next day, the Treewatch and Oteslia’s best growers and scholars descended upon Mivifa’s home. Saliss and Xif were both summoned before the First Gardener.
“They’re all gone! Where did you take them? I never thought you’d sink so low—”
Lyonette listened to the proceedings. But the Oteslians had made a mistake. Both Xif and Saliss were honestly bewildered, as was Mivifa.
Saliss glanced at her just once. But under truth spell, they admitted to knowing nothing.
So did Lyonette.
“I swear I did not instruct anyone to steal anything, or conspire to do so myself, or use magic or Skills to effect the theft of the faerie flowers. Nor do I know where they are.”
She hadn’t, either. She’d…discussed the matter. With two men of certain understandings.
As it were.
It was all in how you worded it, and the distracted [Guardsman] and the crowd had only focused on Saliss and Xif.
Misdirection. Even so, everyone knew.
“First Gardener, we demand the flowers in the two [Alchemist]’s possessions be distributed amongst us! It is only fair!”
The group beseeched the First Gardener. Saliss and Xif’s eyes flared.
