8.07 L
Page 21
“I see. Well, Bertel here claims his paw was hurt whilst being dragged about by that one. And that his living conditions are less than ideal. Sometimes he’s not fed on time.”
“What? How do you know our dog’s…what is this?”
The Drake [Merchant] was outraged. The Gnoll [Druid] leveled his staff.
“Druid Occla. My verdict is confiscation and fining. What’s yours?”
“Death!”
He looked at her. The Drake amended her statement.
“Fine, what you said.”
“Very well. The fine is four gold pieces. And Bertel comes with us.”
“What?”
The word exploded from the father’s mouth; he had been gasping for air the entire time. The [Druids] were already telling the dog how he’d like their new place.
“You can’t do this!”
“On the contrary. You asked for an adjudication of [Druids]. You pay up. And if you harm a dog again, you—anywhere near Oteslia, or where we walk, we’ll find you and…”
Lyonette stared.
“And that’s legal?”
She breathed. Someone laughed.
“That’s Oteslia! We have two enforcers of law. The Treewatch, and the [Druids]. They don’t interfere with each other. But people only ask the [Druids] if they’re talking about plants, animals, or whatever. And the [Druids] aren’t nice. That guy was an idiot.”
Cire again. He put an arm on Lyonette’s shoulder.
“You’ve never been to Oteslia. But I know the [Druids] too. Let me introduce you to—”
“Take your arm off my shoulder or you lose it.”
He blinked. Cire eyed Lyonette. She put her hand on her sword’s hilt.
He took his arm off her shoulder.
“Aw, come on. I’m just—”
“No. Enough! Stop bothering me or I’ll call the Watch—or the [Druids]!”
Cire smirked at that.
“What, them? Go ahead. They know me. Everyone loves me.”
Lyonette doubted that, but his confidence made her hesitate. Either he was a better liar than she imagined, or…
“Cire! Why are you monking about? Stop bothering her and let’s go swimming or something.”
Another Drake approached through the crowd. Lyonette saw light green scales, makeup around the eyes, an…almost absurdly vivid clothing.
She looked like some of the Pallassian kids who begged Kevin for skateboard lessons. Cire turned.
“Aw, Mivi! You’re Crelering me up!”
“I can’t Creler what never flies. Come on. Sorry, Miss.”
Lyonette was rubbing her ears. Something was seriously wrong because they were using words the wrong way. Mivi grabbed Cire and he tried to resist.
“I’ll look you up, Miss Lyon!”
“Please don’t!”
She stepped away, relieved, as the crowd broke up. The red-faced [Merchant] was paying a fine under threat of being stabbed with the antler-staff. The Drake who had mistreated the dog was getting dirty looks and another lecture as he watched his pet disappear for good.
And then Saliss appeared.
“I think my friend’s here. Hey, Lyonette. Where were you? Where did Hatman One and Hatman Two go?”
She glared at him. Saliss sauntered over in his pants, and grinned at her.
“Where have you been? I’ve been accosted once already!”
He shrugged.
“Sorry, but hey, not like people with crossbows are running around here, am I right? Hah! Hah! Ha.”
He frowned, as if the joke had hurt even him. Then he turned. Cire was struggling with Mivi.
“Who’s that Drake without a shirt? Hey, Miss Lyon! I’m way cooler! Come on, Mivi—”
Saliss’ head turned. He blinked at the Drake, at Lyonette, and grinned. Then—his eyes slid back with a frown. Lyonette heard him mutter.
“…can’t read either…wait a second. It can’t be…”
He stared. Not at Cire—not long—but at the Drake who’d frozen for a second and then tried to drag Cire back into the crowd with renewed gusto. She turned her head, but Saliss was already striding forwards.
