8.07 L
Page 13
“You do have some passport, Miss? What Drake city did you come in from?”
“Well—we came from the north.”
“Past Pallass? And you didn’t stop at any city along the way? Really.”
The [Sergeant] gestured and more Oteslian [Guards] sauntered over. That was a bad cover story. Any Drake city she entered would have issued her at least a Grade-1 passport.
“I—did not know I needed a passport. But I can prove I came from Pallass. I would like to send a [Message] to someone who can vouch for my authenticity, if I may.”
Chaldion? Grimalkin? Lyonette’s mind was racing. The [Sergeant] just raised her brows.
“If you entered Pallass, miss, you would have been issued a passport. I think this calls for an investigation.”
She felt a tug at her arm. The first [Guard] whispered in her ear. Inside, Lyonette was looking at Wilovan and Ratici, who had…tensed a bit at the word ‘investigation’.
“Sarge—it’s high-quality artifacts. They didn’t fit any of the wanted posters, so I was just going to mark them and let them through, but…”
She grimaced. This was getting hairier by the second and it was the morning. She was just about to tell everyone to step out slowly, when the door opened.
She recoiled as a Drake wearing only pants emerged. She lifted her spear and the other [Guards] hefted their weapons, but he shoved something at her.
“Saliss of Lights. Hi, this Human’s with me.”
The [Sergeant] blinked. Then she stared at the mithril-plated card, glowing magical writing, and her eyes went round. One of the [Guards] made a sound.
“Named Adventurer—hold on. Someone get me a Glass of Identification. Excuse me—”
Five minutes later, the [Sergeant] completed the check. She handed the card back and bowed.
“Adventurer Saliss! Your identity checks out. Please excuse us—you’re free to enter the city. The other passengers, though…”
She looked into the carriage. Saliss reached out and casually unhooked the door.
“Funny story. They actually came from Liscor via Pallass. Magic door. So they never went through the gates.”
“Liscor?”
The Gnoll was blank. But one of the [Guards] had heard about it.
“They’ve got some kind of teleportation door, [Sergeant]. It might have actually happened.”
“That’s a violation in protocol. And Liscor doesn’t issue travel documents?”
“They haven’t really had to in centuries.”
She tsked.
“Well, in that case…we’ll go through Pallass and confirm this. The driver’s in trouble either way. I’m sorry for the confusion, Adventurer Saliss. Are these passengers acquaintances of yours? It won’t take more than a few hours if all is in order.”
He nodded reasonably.
“I get that. However, I’m Saliss.”
She hesitated as she went to unlatch the doors.
“Yes, sir, you are. Free to go…”
She reached out and he stepped in front of her.
“But I’m Saliss.”
“Yes, Adventurer?”
She stared at him. He gestured at the passengers. He spoke slowly, as if to try and get the words to sink in.
“They’re with me. And I vouch for them. And I’m Saliss.”
She replied, just as slowly, as if talking to a child or an extremely fragile person they were having to stop.
“Yes, Adventurer Saliss. But there’s protocol…”
“And I’m Saliss. They’re with me. Why don’t you contact Pallass now?”
He smiled. Lyonette, in the carriage, saw the [Sergeant] thinking.
 
—-
 
It was true that Drakes had rules and regulations that Human cities lacked. But it was also true that a Named Adventurer was a Named Adventurer. Saliss relaxed as their carriage was taken to the side.
