8.07 L
Page 12
Oteslia, the Walled City of Growth, had four gates you could enter through the lake over bridges. Lyonette was anxious; but she knew the city was vast, and they might need to be here a while.
But she’d go home to Liscor and Mrsha after two weeks, bring them here if she had to. She checked the gold in her bag of holding, her enchanted artifacts, and saw that even Saliss was making concessions to this foreign city.
He had put on pants. Not any upper garments, but some alchemy-stained pants.
“What? I’m not in Pallass and I can’t spend a week in jail.”
He grinned as he inserted his tail through the hole in the Drake-style pants. Lyonette looked at Wilovan and Ratici.
“You couldn’t have put those on during the four days it took to get here?”
“I could have. But why would I do that?”
Anyways, he was an asset, an asset. Lyonette reminded herself of that as the carriage stopped. The Drakes and Gnolls were speeding people through the gate after stopping them for only a few seconds. When it came to them—a problem arose.
“Let’s see…Izril’s Wonders, right. Passengers?”
“Four.”
The [Guard] did a bored head-sweep. He blinked at Lyonette, but took it in stride. He nodded, stepped back; he’d been holding a gemstone. He consulted it—then did a double-take. He stared at the passengers.
It must have been an artifact-scanner or something to detect magic-levels because he seemed to perk up a bit. He blinked at them again, and then held up a claw.
Quickly, with practice, he rifled open a small flipbook of loose papers. It looked like…
“Ah. That would be bounties and warning illustrations.”
Wilovan murmured. Lyonette…looked at him.
“As in, for criminals?”
“Killers, famous [Thieves], and so on.”
Ratici nodded. Lyonette stared at the [Gentleman Thief]. Ratici adjusted his cap.
“And you didn’t think to…?”
“Miss Marquin. We are an upstanding lot!”
Wilovan looked hurt. And indeed, the [Guard] went through the flipbook, checked them again, this time tapping another amulet, and saw that they weren’t under an illusion—and didn’t match his papers.
“Very good. Sorry, everyone, random security check. But you seem…good to go.”
Lyonette exhaled. She had been worried about herself as much as…she smiled and then the [Guard] held out a claw.
“I just need to see your travel documents.”
Saliss…blinked. Wilovan, Ratici, and Lyonette, stirred. They stared at Ferris through the sliding door gap. The Gnoll slowly hunched his shoulders.
“…Shit.”
 
—-
 
The problem was—and this was most embarrassing to Ferris—he’d planned on taking Erin to Manus. In which case he wouldn’t have had a problem.
But he and Saliss had forgotten since they had little need to deal with basic travel. They were a special agent and Named Adventurer, respectively.
The [Watch Sergeant] came over to see what the holdup was as the Oteslian [Guard] spoke to Lyonette as if she was mad.
“…You have a passport, Miss, don’t you? I assume your travel grade is at least Grade-2 to request official transport? Izril’s Wonders is an established company.”
“Of course it is. But—we weren’t asked for a passport when we hired the carriage.”
Now all eyes were on Ferris. The [Watch Sergeant] frowned.
“I will investigate this with Izril’s Wonders, Miss. They need to check documentation. You, [Driver]. Your name?”
Ferris was cursing to himself as he produced his documents. The [Sergeant] turned to Lyonette and smiled apologetically.
“This appears to be a simple error in produce. In that case, may I see your Grade-1 passport, Miss?”
She visibly hesitated. The Gnoll [Sergeant] paused.
