8.07 L
Page 3
For a moment, she was far away. Far away—and back in time. And she was in Calanfer.
Home. Oh, but it had been so long, despite being less than a full year! A lifetime ago.
And now she remembered it, it was as the Lyonette of now. Not the Lyonette who walked around calling people ‘peon’ and being used to servants and being so constantly, secretly miserable.
She remembered the Eternal Throne of Calanfer. She remembered her family and how she had acted. She was ashamed.
Nostalgic.
And fearful for this war. Because she knew Terandrian politics. She knew Ailendamus.
They won’t destroy Calanfer, even if the Dawn Concordat loses. They’ll just make them subservient. Father wouldn’t give in even if the armies were at the gates of the palace. He’s cunning. He’ll sign a deal…the other kingdoms won’t allow the Dawn Concordat to just vanish. Some land taken, vassalization—not be destroyed or the crowns eradicated.
But what if Ailendamus just decides to take everything? Who will stop them?
To prevent the fears rising up in her chest—as if she needed more—Lyonette spoke. The coach was quiet; Ferris drove in the front, and it was muffled. The windows were shut, and Lyonette looked at an image.
A shining [Knight] in armor. The first time he had walked into the throne room and knelt, the radiance of his aura had made the child wonder. She had thought her father commanded the greatest of warriors the world had ever seen.
The thousandth time, she was tired of the pageantry. The ten thousandth…
“The Lightherald of Calanfer? Never heard of him. Is he good?”
Ratici saw Wilovan try to kick Saliss’ tail. The [Alchemist] twitched it out of the way. Lyonette shook her head, smiling bitterly.
“It’s not one person, Saliss. It’s a royal title. And it’s a trick. My f—”
She hesitated. Then gave up. Wilovan, Ratici, Saliss…knew. She hadn’t been good with her guise.
“My father, King Reclis…has a Skill. He bestows the power of Calanfer on his chosen [Knight] and they gain a powerful aura. Skills.”
[Boon of the Throne]. That was why she knew her own boon Skill, had been so enamored of it. She knew the true power. Saliss sat up slightly.
“Oh. Interesting. And you said there are higher-level [Knights]?”
“Yes. Thronebearers get auras of light. Blinding, and they have enchanted armor. Good enchantments…I thought so. But father won’t commit them until he has to.”
“Seems like Kaliv is in trouble.”
Lyonette shook her head. It looked like that, but…
“Those are low-lying cities. Once Ailendamus besieges the higher-altitude settlements—that’s when the danger begins. Or if they try to push through the passes.”
“Ah. Then perhaps the news is exaggerating the situation, Miss Marquin?”
Wilovan suggested. Lyonette looked at him. Then at the orb.
“No. They’re in trouble.”
She bowed her head. The carriage fell silent, even Saliss. Then…Lyonette felt the momentum slow for the first time that day.
“Passengers, Miss Marquin, Adventurer Saliss and company—we have arrived at Oteslia at last.”
Ferris’ deeply relieved voice sounded via the embedded speaking stone in the wall of the coach. Lyonette pulled down the window.
Oteslia at last. She stared at the City of Growth and the central, vast tree behind the walls. Around the overgrown walls, covered in massive vines, she saw the Walled City was surrounded by a vast…moat? No, a lake in truth. Defense and water source.
Countless floating rafts seemed to be semi-permanently stationed here. Lyonette saw birds—so many of them—flying about. Animals, on the walls themselves! And in the sky, among the smaller fliers—
