8.07 L
Page 44
“But that doesn’t mean our flowers came from them, First Gardener! Flowers germinate. With respect to the [Alchemist], even Sage’s Grass came from numerous sources when it was first grown en masse!”
“Not in this case and you damn well know it!”
Saliss hissed. The First Gardener turned to him.
“Alchemist. Can you prove that these flowers only came from one source that only you and Xif could have access to?”
The Named Adventurer hesitated.
“I can swear via truth spell, First Gardener—”
“But can you swear that there was no chance it came from anywhere else? We need proof! How did these miraculous plants only fall into your possession?”
And there it was. Saliss hesitated and glanced at Lyonette for just a second. So did Mivifa. The problem was—Saliss probably could explain they had only come by way of Erin Solstice, or Lyonette could.
But she would have to explain about the frost faeries and Lyonette didn’t know how much Saliss knew. The end result was that it was hard to say ‘yes, those faerie flowers absolutely came from the samples sent by Xif and Saliss and not from the inn by way of someone else, also I can’t tell you how I know those flowers are the only ones in the entire world.’
The First Gardener pointed this out, albeit more diplomatically. The two [Alchemists] listened as she spoke.
“I cannot simply order each flower confiscated and given to the two [Alchemists].”
“That’s fine. We’ll let you burn them. So long as you don’t inhale the fumes.”
Researcher Dromenl burst out at the same time as the others.
“What? Outrageous!”
“This could revolutionize medicine! First Gardener, you’ve already—”
“Ooh, burning them does something? What?”
“Silence, please!”
The First Gardener rubbed at her temples unconsciously, although she didn’t really have a headache. Lyonette, who was listening in, realized what was happening as she tried to soothe the [Alchemists].
She was going to let the faerie flowers stay in the possession of the Oteslians. The [Princess] knew this to be a fact.
Why? Because she was a [Princess]. And the First Gardener ruled Oteslia. Lyonette hadn’t missed that the First Gardener was using a pill based on faerie flowers. And even then—who would turn down the next Sage’s Grass?
“I am terribly sorry, [Alchemists], but I do not rule in favor of destruction or confiscation.”
Xif made a strangled sound and turned away, throwing his paws up. Saliss? He narrowed his eyes.
“This is between Oteslia and Pallass, First Gardener. I warn you—this will become more than a little incident.”
She hesitated. The Oteslians went silent and even Mivifa looked uneasy. The grandson of Chaldion waited. The First Gardener slowly shook her head.
“Even then, Alchemist. I hope we can discuss the issue further, perhaps even offer compensation and certainly find the culprit. But I cannot simply take away this product from the different groups present.”
She indicated them all. They all stood there, representatives or individuals, smiling, thanking her. Saliss looked at the First Gardener. He walked to the doors, opened them, and slammed them so hard they shook on the way out. Lyonette followed him, thinking.
 
—-
 
For the first time ever, Saliss had lost in terms of…personality? The Saliss-level antagonism had fallen apart in face of Oteslian, well generosity.
It was not fair. It was not right…
But flip it on its head and it was two [Alchemists] trying to suppress a miracle ingredient that might help countless people! Who mattered more, the individual, or the group, no matter if there had been some illegality?
