8.07 L
Page 30
Especially because she’d seen Feathi snort and roll her eyes when Mivifa had talked about the bored youth. Curious.
But Lyonette had a very pleasant time with a thick, delightful pottage that Mivifa made herself, and talking about Liscor.
Aside from the reason why they had come, of course. Mivifa was charming, frankly inspiring—she showed them the wings she could manifest at will.
“I never could fly, and I was jealous of everyone who could. That’s how I met Feathi—Pegasi choose their riders. But I never dreamed I could actually fly myself!”
She leapt into the sky, and Feathi flew around her. Lyonette, Ratici, and Wilovan looked up at the dream of flight made reality. The two Gentlemen Callers took off their hats a moment—for respect.
Saliss was taking a bath. Even there, the [Alchemist] let someone else enter the baths after him and Lyonette found the bathroom was filled with bubbles, some half as tall as she was. Pink, green, blue—
It was actually a lot of fun, but she complained to him anyways. He just winked at her.
Thus their first night in Oteslia came to a close. The next day, they got to work.
 
—-
 
The next day, Lyonette awoke feeling confident and ready to take on Oteslia. She had a quick meeting with Saliss after breakfast; Mivifa had already left, but had stocked her kitchen and left a note saying she’d catch up. She was getting the different sports tools commissioned, apparently.
Another twinge of intuition. But then Saliss brought up the cure and Lyonette was focused on that.
“Alright, I need to go around and buy all the rare reagents. I’m out of potions, and I made some—but I have to buy in bulk to resupply. I thought we’d combine that with looking into ways to cure icecube Erin.”
The Gentlemen Callers glared, but Saliss just grinned. Lyonette felt a twinge of apprehension.
“So we just go around and ask about the poison?”
“What? Oh, no. It’s just that the people we want are in the same place as the [Gardeners], [Herbalists], and so on. Duh. And don’t worry; I’ll put my gold into this.”
“You don’t have to. I’ve brought money…”
Saliss snorted. Lyonette looked at him, offended. The Drake was leaning back, munching on a blueberry muffin.
“What?”
“Oh, nothing. You want to do this yourself, be my guest.”
“I didn’t say that. I just meant, let us pay for everything we can. You’re welcome to help…”
He sniggered at her. This was Ratici’s cue to slowly adjust his cap.
“You seem to be dismissing Miss Marquin, sir. Quite ungentlemanly, if I may say.”
“Well, I’d hate to be ungentlemanly.”
Saliss looked at the Gentleman Caller. The two stared for a moment, then he looked at Lyonette.
“Pray, how much did you bring for the ‘fix Erin project’, Lyonette?”
He almost purred. Lyonette had a bad feeling, but she stuck out her chin.
“Everything The Wandering Inn’s made that we don’t need to keep it running a few months or haven’t put into expansion or…other projects! That’s 1247 gold pieces!”
An astonishing sum for an inn to have in reserve. It was thanks to Erin’s windfall sales, and all the new things she’d come up with. Lyonette smiled smugly for just one second.
Then she remembered what a [Princess] would think of those numbers. Her face fell. Saliss stood up.
“That’s a lot of money for a civilian. Yup, yup. Anyone short of an adventurer—wow. So much gold. Let me just check what I have on me—”
He reached into his bag of holding and pulled out a handful of gold coins. He tossed them onto the floor. Lyonette saw a few roll under the couch. Saliss repeated the gesture.
