8.07 L
Page 2
“…Just don’t see how these Thronebearers are losing so badly. For [Knights], you’d expect some great strength. But we’re not seeing aura abilities, poison, unique mounts…really feels like Calanfer is letting down their alliance in terms of contributions so far.”
Commentary from a Balerosian [Strategist]. Who knew so much about the Thronebearers of Calanfer. If you knew them—
…
…You knew that was sort of accurate. The Thronebearers of Calanfer were not among the most militant [Knight] orders. The truth was, they were good on parade. They were excellent diplomats compared to many. They were large enough, numbering in the thousands; she had never actually known their numbers, but they were large for a [Knight] order. Maybe over ten thousand of them?
But they were not the most fantastic [Knights]. They had strong members…a few…but to see it now was to see their weakness.
And it hurt. It hurt, because the commentary was truthful and also inaccurate, but impossible to refute. More than that?
It was her home. And it hurt to see spectacle made of war threatening everything she had known.
Her kingdom.
Lyonette du Marquin could still not look away. And even now, on the last leg of her journey to Oteslia, after three—no, four days counting this morning—of almost non-stop riding in the enchanted carriage with Ferris, Wilovan, Ratici, and Saliss, she was still watching.
“Somewhat rude, that woman. They fought hard.”
Wilovan delicately adjusted his hat in the carriage. Perhaps he might have made a more indecorous remark in private company, but with the young lady so passionate about her kingdom and their protectors, a man had to choose his words.
Ratici nodded.
“Fellows fought hard and moved out when things were lost. Fight another day.”
The two Gentlemen Callers exchanged a glance as Lyonette didn’t look away from the glowing scrying orb. They felt like their tongues would have been better suited if they were silver. At least then, they’d have an excuse for not being encouraging. Not their strong suit.
On the other hand, the naked Drake lying across his entire half of the carriage on the padded seats—his front objectionably facing the sky, without a blanket for modesty—spoke without even an attempt at preserving anyone’s feelings.
“They suck. Lyonette. Hey, Lyonette. If I walked into their headquarters with all of them there, think I could take all of them on, or are they as bad as they look?”
He poked her in the leg. The carriage was not that large, and he used his tail with dexterity. The [Princess] didn’t reply…for about ten pokes.
Wilovan swatted the tail on poke eleven. Saliss gave him a look.
“Miss Marquin is having a…difficult day, sir. A bit of kindness isn’t unwarranted, a man should think.”
The Gnoll addressed Saliss stiffly. Saliss was…hard to enjoy when he was being Saliss. He could be a great friend. But there was such a thing as ‘too much’ of one person. Especially Saliss.
And they’d been cooped up in this carriage for four days. Saliss bared his teeth.
“Well, I’m a big believer in not lying…about hopeless causes. And they look pretty inept to me.”
Wilovan was just drawing breath when Lyonette muttered.
“The champion of their order hasn’t taken to the field. Fa—the [King] must be holding back all the high-level ones as well.”
All eyes swung to her. Ratici leaned over, in the midst of playing a version of solitaire with himself—and getting annoyed since he was making Ratici’s life harder by cheating.
“Their champion?”
“They call him the Lightherald of Calanfer.”
