8.07 L
Page 38
Saliss caught the club as the old Gnoll panted. He held Xif off him effortlessly.
“Wait, what?”
He forced Xif back as the guards and Lyonette dragged him back. The Gnoll struggled, but he was older, and—there were tears in his eyes.
“My shop. Was it you?”
Saliss hesitated. He sat up.
“Wait—”
“Someone burned it down. My shop! Everything I had!”
Xif was sobbing. The old [Alchemist] looked weary. And sad. Saliss and Lyonette blinked. The Named Adventurer got to his feet.
“Okay—I’ve said a lot of things. But I didn’t do that. When?”
“Two days ago. I was coming here to do business and my apprentice said—it’s all gone. All my work, my laboratory, my home—I knew it wasn’t you. But someone heard what you were saying or—the Watch said it was arson.”
Arson. Saliss stood there, blinking at Xif.
“Wait—but someone did—that’s madness. Pallass needs your potions! And burn down your shop? Even I’m not crazy enough to actually do that!”
“It took out eighteen other buildings. They actually burned it—I had anti-fire wards, but someone must have…I’ve lost everything, Saliss.”
The Gnoll collapsed, weeping. Lyonette stared at him as Saliss looked around. Master Igniz looked apologetic.
“Alchemists, I’m deeply sorry to hear about this. But please—no fighting in my shop.”
Both Xif and Saliss glared at him. Xif slowly rose, pointing a trembling paw at Igniz. He turned to Saliss.
“You arriving makes sense. I was trying to buy enough to make potions again when the prices skyrocketed. No one’s willing to help me in my hour of need!”
“Too right. Oteslian price-gougers!”
Saliss patted Xif on the shoulder. The two outraged [Alchemists] turned on Igniz. The Drake folded his arms.
“Pallass has always lived richly off the ingredients we supply. I’m sorry about your shop, Xif, but you both have gold.”
“Yes, and we earned it! Or do you think making a Potion of Blast is as easy as watching an herb grow for six months?”
“Have you not ever seen Vorepillar infestations? Let me tell you—”
The heated argument took place as Lyonette stood back. Xif, Saliss, and Igniz were trading insults as Mivifa, Ratici, and Wilovan arrived to once again report no luck. At last, Igniz threw up his claws.
“Alright! Alright, listen. I know it’s hard, but our prices aren’t that far off! Try negotiating rather than telling us we’re all cutthroat [Pirates]! We’re willing to come down if you’re willing to come up.”
“Above market price? Come on!”
Saliss snapped. Suddenly he and Xif were united. Igniz hesitated. He lifted a claw.
“—tell you what. I’ll sweeten the deal. You two give me a fairer offer, and I’ll throw in a sample of a new ingredient both of you will be begging me to buy. I wanted to have a larger sample, but—follow me.”
The two [Alchemists] exchanged suspicious looks. But they followed Igniz into the back of the shop. Lyonette watched as she turned to Ratici and Wilovan.
“Someone actually burned down Xif’s shop.”
“That’s terrible. A man shouldn’t lose everything.”
Wilovan looked shocked. Lyonette nodded. She felt bad for Xif, and she had been right on team-shave with Saliss a moment ago. But that was just talk. Some idiot had actually…?
“What do we do about the researchers? Mivifa, can you share anything about what they’re researching?”
The Oldblood of Feathers looked uncomfortable.
“I—I don’t know, Lyonette. It’s business. I can share that it’s new, and it’s very efficacious. I’ve seen it working myself. Maybe if Saliss finds out—Igniz might have a sample. But I can’t just divulge th—”
“WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?”
