8.07 L
Page 47
The [Princess] frowned. And thought. And then she had a good idea—or the beginnings of one. She blinked.
What would Erin do? How about this? What would Erin not do? What could Erin not do that Lyonette could?
Because she had an ‘Erin’, who was actually Saliss. Lawbreaker—or maybe just chaotic influence. But Lyonette had seen him fail. He had gold, insanity, and levels on his side, but Oteslia had beaten him.
It was time for a [Princess] to do something. And Lyonette’s head slowly rose. She had resources. Few—but they were there. Sports, knowledge, and…
“Wilovan, would you care to pass me the chips?”
“I do believe I would, Ratici, old chum.”
“Fascinating turn of phrase, that. Old chum. Nautical?”
“One assumes so. Although chum is not a rather endearing thing, to my understanding of it.”
“Well, I shall take it in the spirit it was intended, then. Here are the chips.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Thank you, old chum.”
She stared at the Gentlemen Callers. Lyonette had investigated into them, a bit. Or at least, listened to Palt.
“Ratici, Wilovan. I have a…request.”
She spoke slowly. The Drake and Gnoll duo looked over. They saw Lyonette du Marquin sit up slowly.
She had no crown. Nor was she Lyonette at this moment, but Lyon Solstice. And yet—Saliss had failed. Oteslia’s First Gardener was unwilling to help.
Perhaps it was time for some good, old-fashioned, underhanded monarchy. After all—she was a [Princess] of Calanfer. The smiling, angry [Princess] beckoned the two Gentlemen Callers over. They looked at each other.
That was when the Gentleman Callers’ errand of guilt and aid, sprung from their failure got interesting. Because the [Princess] had just remembered who they were. And if Lyonette didn’t know how to lay bricks—she did know how to hire the [Bricklayer].
 
—-
 
Later that evening, Master Igniz was locking up for the day. He still felt smug about putting it to those Pallassian [Alchemists]. Prices would soon mean his stockpiles of goods would be worth a lot more, and the flowers? This coming meeting of the rich and powerful and the Meeting of Tribes?
Business was good. He carried the faerie flower with him as he locked up. He was going to put it somewhere safe. The First Gardener had instructed him to not sell it while the matter was investigated, but he’d have this on a Courier-ship to Chandrar as soon as was legal.
He didn’t break the law. Humming, the Drake locked the shop, activated the enchanted seals—
“Whoops, terribly sorry, sir.”
He turned and collided with a Gnoll. The man steadied Igniz. The Drake wasn’t concerned about himself. He checked the pot and the flower—it was intact. He smiled.
“No problem at all. Have a good—”
The Drake’s eyes rolled up and he collapsed. People in the street turned as the man cried out in alarm.
“Someone call the [Healer]! I think the poor fellow’s had some kind of fit!”
He stood there, reaching for a potion, as someone ran to do just that. The passersby were worried—but the Gnoll seemed to know just what to do. He stood there, until Master Igniz began to come around, and then, certain he was well, walked off before Igniz woke up.
“Must have been the sun—maybe you were hurt, or maybe it’s overwork. You were lucky, Master Igniz. Someone had a potion—shame I didn’t see what the cause was, but you’re in the peak of health. But do stop by my clinic, just in case.”
The local [Healer] assured Igniz. The Drake groggily sat up.
“That—that was fortunate. Maybe it was stress? Or the day? I—”
He looked around. Then, in alarm, patted his vest. He stared about.
“The flower. Where did it go?”
