8.07 L
Page 20
And he was distracting her from finding Saliss. She kept thinking he was ahead—
“Come on, just your name and I’ll leave you be.”
“Lyon. Will you go away?”
“Lyon. Sssexy. Hey, you know that I’m like, famous, in Oteslia? My mother’s…”
Lyonette stomped off. She saw a commotion ahead and hurried towards it.
“Thank goodness. Saliss? S—”
A large dog with a hurt foot was whining in the crowd of onlookers. A [Guard] was confronting a family of four. Drakes.
“We haven’t done anything wrong!”
“No, Miss. But your pet is injured. And you appeared to be pulling it with you. We have laws in Oteslia.”
“It’s a scratch.”
The mother and father were exasperated. One of the two Drake children—holding the leash—were impatient.
“He got it while playing fetch! Do you have any authority to detain us, sir?”
The father was not an Oteslian, that was for sure. Lyonette slowed as she realized this was not a Saliss-incident, surprisingly. Just a commonplace altercation.
Over an animal? The [Guard] was sighing.
“All I need you to do is accompany me to check with a truth stone about—”
“This is ridiculous. I heard Oteslia was full of inane rules, but this? We have an appointment at the Merchant’s Guild!”
The Drake father was blustering. The mother, more sensibly, was trying to calm him down.
“Guardsman, what if you checked on us later? Dear—dear—let’s not shout at the Watch.”
The two sons were in their late teens, like the annoying Drake. Lyonette was scanning for Saliss when she heard one of them say something.
“We don’t have to deal with this.”
“Indeed we don’t. I—I request an adjudication of [Druids]! Hah! I heard you can do that! Have one sent to us later.”
The [Guardsman] lowered the pad where he had been talking with the wife.
“Sir—I don’t think you want to do that. Sir—”
But it was too late. The crowd looked around and people began circulating it.
An adjudication of [Druids]? Lyonette had never heard such a thing.
“Oh, wow. He’s in trouble.”
Cire popped up next to her, smirking. She stared at him and nearly walked away, but she was curious.
“Why?”
“You don’t ask for the [Druids] if you want to get out of something. He’d better hope no one’s nearby or…whoops!”
A shout. Someone was moving through the crowd. Lyonette saw shaggy, fur robes, a bare-chested—well, debatably—Gnoll with an antler-staff? Wood had become antler near the top. He hurtled through the crowd.
“Clear the way! [Druid]! Where’s—”
He saw the scene. The outraged family, the [Guardsman] who was backing up in resignation—
Lyonette didn’t know what she expected. But she didn’t expect the Gnoll [Druid] to shoulder-charge the young Drake man holding the leash, knock him flat, and pick up the dog.
“Hurt animal! Clear a path! Where’s my backup!”
The Drake lay on his back as the Gnoll stormed towards a second [Druid]. She was a Drake and bent over the dog.
“Oh dear. His paw’s wounded. Are you hurt anywhere else?”
The dog instantly stopped whining and perked up. A healing potion was produced; the family stared as the animal was instantly healed.
“A potion on a dog? What madness is—”
The Gnoll was ignoring him. He bent down as the dog tested its paw.
“Yes, yes. And how did it happen? Who hurt you? Was it a rock or…? Don’t be shy.”
The two [Druids] looked up. They stared at the Drake who’d been holding the leash. The Gnoll rose.
“Someone called for a [Druid]?”
“Yes, Druid. These four Drakes in regards to the animal.”
The [Guardsman] saluted. He stepped back as the family stared at him. Lyonette saw him turn and just…walk off. As if his part had ended.
