8.07 L
Page 41
The Gnoll protested—from behind Mivifa—when he could finally speak. His daughter, a younger [Gardener] with dirt in her fur, was protectively shielding him. Saliss was furious. Lyonette had never seen him so angry and Mivifa actually had a hand on her sword as she blocked him.
“Then who was it? Xif’s person?”
“I don’t know, Master Saliss. But more samples began popping up as I was having success with my flowers. I assumed more people were sending it in, or another source had been discovered—”
Xif and Saliss traded looks. They charged out the door, Xif with his club raised. Lyonette looked at Mivifa. The Named Adventurer was cursing.
“Saliss! Don’t kill them! Master Elroz, I need you to swear to me that it wasn’t you. I’m sure Saliss confirmed it—”
“I swear, Miss Mivifa. I can’t speak for whomever Alchemist Xif hired. It might have been—he was persuaded to share—Oteslian generosity.”
The Gnoll coughed. Mivifa bit her lip. She turned to Lyonette.
“Is there any chance that it could have come from anywhere else, Miss Lyon? These…faerie flowers?”
“That’s what everyone’s talking about, isn’t it?”
Lyon met her eyes. The frightened daughter of Elroz, the Gnoll, and Mivifa all nodded.
“It’s the newest thing. We thought Master Saliss had found a source, but someone else had discovered it. Like adventurers finding it in a dungeon. Isn’t it possible it was just someone else?”
Lyonette smiled. That was a fair assumption. She met Mivifa’s eyes and shook her head.
“No, Miss Mivifa. It’s impossible. Because I know where the faerie flowers come from and there’s no way anyone got another sample.”
The Named Adventurer blinked.
“You know? Then it was Liscor. There’s no chance…?”
“None. So it was Xif’s person. Or—no. I can’t imagine how anyone else would get that.”
Unless the Frost Faeries had tricked someone else with fake gold. And they didn’t even look like faeries to anyone but Earthers. Mivifa saw the certainty in Lyonette’s eyes and cursed.
“Ancestors. Then this is Crelered to all hells and back. I’d better stop those two from murdering—Master Elroz, you stay here. I’ll make sure Saliss doesn’t lose it.”
The Gnoll nodded, eyes wide. Lyonette barely stopped at ‘Creler’ as a verb, but it was curious. She hurried after Mivifa.
“But how did it happen? Someone sold it despite Xif’s orders?”
“Yes—no. Sort of. It’s…Oteslian generosity.”
Lyonette stared at Mivifa’s back. The Named Adventurer gave her a pained look.
 
—-
 
The [Culturist] had gotten word Xif and Saliss were on the warpath. Her private gardens were closed, and she was nowhere in sight. Xif and Saliss had broken down the door and searched the place.
“Oteslian generosity.”
Saliss spat when Lyonette repeated the phrase. The [Princess] raised her brows.
“Meaning?”
“Meaning, I bet the [Culturist] Xif hired went to someone else after she failed to grow the flowers. Asked for tips—maybe even lent one out if she had spares. As a ‘thank you’. And someone else began growing them and selling them—”
“I told her—I paid her for secrecy!”
Xif stared around. Mivifa cleared her throat.
“Master Xif, Saliss. Oteslia’s more liberal about sharing ideas and—”
“And goods that we paid to be kept secret?”
Both [Alchemists] turned on her. She raised her claws.
“Don’t snap at me! Lyon claims it’s impossible for the flowers to have been spread, but you’re certain no one even took a single flower or clipping?”
