8.07 L
Page 19
“I’m sure you do, but I’m really busy. Thank you!”
It was funny. Lyonette had not had this problem before. Not in Liscor, or even First Landing when it might have worked.
Something about…her personality…might have repelled young men trying it then. Lyonette vaguely recalled something like that. Actually—
Cire was walking next to her.
“Where are you going, at least? Do you have an inn in mind? I bet you don’t. I know the best spots. How about—”
He saw the young woman with fiery hair swing around. Lyonette’s blue eyes met his—she was very attractive, even if she hadn’t dressed up—and the Dragon felt a…shock of something. He blinked at her. But then he saw her friendly mouth open and—
“Excuse me, peon. But I don’t recall inviting your solicitations. Begone, and do not trouble me again.”
She lifted her chin and sniffed. He stared at her. Lyonette walked off through the crowd. Or tried to. Five steps and he was asking where she was from again.
 
—-
 
“Aaay, my crew. Vuc and I just had to message each other over something and he had to tele out. Someone spell me on what’s the fly with Cire?”
One of the Gnolls who wasn’t part of the team turned to stare at Mivi.
“…What? Is that Oteslian slang I don’t know? Because that didn’t sound like words.”
Mivi hesitated. Then dialed it back.
“Is Cire down there still?”
“Yep. He’s eating his own tail with that Human. Looks like he’s gone 0-4. He’ll be eating grass soon if she brushes him off any harder.”
“I’d eat her grass, if you know what I mean.”
“You’re disgusting. Wait—do Humans even have that?”
“Believe me, they do. Because I’ve seen it so many times.”
Mivi sighed. She coughed and felt her lungs rasp. But would she go another ten minutes against Wrymvr the Deathless rather than be stuck here?
…Maybe, honestly. She looked down at Cire—and shook her head.
“I’m going down there.”
Necla blinked at her. But Mivi had had enough. She wasn’t Cire’s age and he wasn’t acting his. That poor young woman probably didn’t want to have a Drake trying to flirt with her. Mivi hopped down off the roof again and walked through the streets.
Doctrine among the group overseeing Cire’s…growth…was to let him do anything that wasn’t drugs, dangerous, or revealing. And they had implemented the false actors and memory-altering program after far too many close calls.
Cire wasn’t Rafaema, and Oteslia wasn’t Manus, which could suppress rumors or news. Mivi had been inducted into the group at eighteen, when Cire had told her he was more than he seemed while they were…a couple.
Since then, Mivi had taken more and more responsibility. Now—she felt like Oteslia’s organization of secrecy had gone too far. Cire was uncontrollable, and he needed some discipline. Perhaps not like Rafaema; Mivi had met her as Mivifa or on the joint-visits every few years at minimum for the last of the Dragons.
Rafaema had always seemed too controlled, too perfect and rigid. A product of Manus. But Mivi was tired of Cire’s wildness. He had to grow up some day.
Dead gods. He still thought the First Gardeners before the present one had gone on vacations around the world. Or if he did know—
He surely did. But the boy refused to admit the truth. Oteslia and the First Gardener had once tried to confront him with it. Disastrous. He had nearly starved to death in mourning. It had taken six years to recover his shattered health. Mivi had read the reports, and the First Gardener had resigned in shame.
Even so.
 
—-
 
Lyonette was wondering how much trouble she’d get in for a [Flawless Attempt] punch to the face with this annoying Drake. He would not give up.
