8.08 J
Page 34
“Would you tell me what you see, King of Khelt?”
The undead ruler did not pause to soften his words. He did not hesitate, or change his level tone. There was something terribly cold and frightening about that.
“As it stands? Jecrass will fall within the month. Unless a change takes place that unseats how the war has unfolded since King Raelt Leysars’ capture.”
He said it, and Jecaina knew it was true. She sat there, and faced the truth no one had been willing to tell her.
 
—-
 
Fetohep hadn’t factored in a conversation with Queen Jecaina of Jecrass in his schedule, but he felt he could justify it in between his now-daily walk, betting on the three Pomle matches, two gladiatorial arena bouts in Nerrhavia, and watching the news.
In fact, it might kill a whole hour. He found the [Queen] to be somewhat like he expected. Young—allegedly free-spirited, but mostly fitting to a young [Prince] or [Princess] of her age.
He delivered his stark assessment of the war and began to elaborate. He, of course, had been watching all the current wars and was more interested in the Ailendamus conflict, frankly. There were more variables at play there.
“Given that Jecrass has no remaining reserves to call upon, I find it difficult to believe they can break the Steward or bring down a half-Giant in battle, aside from pure luck. Reim’s forces will slowly take fortification after fortification; Medain’s army is more rapid in advance, but they may fear a full battle. It only depends on which nation takes the capital and key positions first; Jecrass cannot endure if either army brings its full might to bear. The best it can hope for is a delayed conflict of attack-and-retreat over a narrowing span…”
Was it fun? Was watching the news, gambling, fun? Well, the gambling, a bit. There was always unpredictability. But things like the Jecrass conflict, Fetohep had seen thousands of times before.
Thousands? Perhaps hundreds. Enough to know how they almost invariably played out. Fetohep was going to speculate about the odds of Jecrass managing to overwhelm Medain’s heavy infantry in a pitched battle—of course, they’d lose the second and third ones due to sheer attrition—when he heard a sound.
It sounded like a sniffle. The undead ruler stopped.
“Queen Leysars?”
He hesitated. He had definitely heard a suppressed sound, like a sob. Very quiet, but it was not one that he, Fetohep, had really heard for a long time.
Tears did not exist in Khelt. If a child fell, they would be tended to. He heard a muffled reply.
“Nothing. Thank you, King Fetohep. Your reply was most…illuminating.”
She made no reference to the sound, but her voice was thick. Fetohep’s glowing eyes dimmed a fraction.
“I have been uncourteous. You have my apologies, Queen Jecaina.”
“No, your Majesty. This is the truth. No one else would speak it to me. I understand the fate of Jecrass. I wish I did not wear the crown at this time. But we do not run from the truth.”
It sounded like she was quoting someone. Fetohep inclined his head, though his figure was obviously unseen.
“Just so.”
Silence again, and this time it was Fetohep who felt the discomfort of it. Presently, Jecaina spoke.
“Thank you for speaking with me, Fetohep of Khelt. It has been most—illuminating.”
“Of course, your Majesty Leysars. If you should desire to again, I shall of course have the time to speak.”
She was surprised at that. He almost heard a chuckle.
“I…thank you, King Fetohep. That is actually most welcome. But I must go. Once more…thank you.”
