8.08 J
Page 53
They did not have to be keen-eyed. The whipping storm of sand, the most intense here—began to reveal shapes. They stared as figures emerged from an angle they would have never dreamed of. They raised the alarm. But Reim—Germina—no one knew what had caused it.
But the first giant made of bones, coated in gleaming armor, walked over Khelt’s borders. And then another. And behind it came the legions of Khelt. Warriors without end.
Not the scrap warriors. Not the broken warriors that would drown enemies in numbers.
Khelt’s army. Clad in shining armor. Warriors in life and death.
First ten thousand. Then a hundred thousand. Then—
A shape pierced the sandstorm as Wistram’s news network arrived on the scene. [Mages] recoiled. Drassi screamed.
“What is that thing?”
It looked like no creature she had ever seen. Tall—taller even than the giant skeletons! A moving fortress of dead, chitinous armor. Bone and chitin, moving, gigantic legs, tearing through the dust—
“That…might be one of the Jaws of Zeikhal. The greatest predators of Chandrar.”
Sir Relz adjusted his monocle. The vast war monster crawled forwards. A creature mortal armies would tremble to behold. And—it had been altered.
A kind of…saddle…no, throne, was installed on its head. And guess who sat there?
Fetohep of Khelt. He carried an enchanted halberd and wore the armor of kings. Behind him marched legion. He saw the few forces at the border of Germina cower at the sight of him.
“I am Fetohep of Khelt! Who will stand to bar my way?”
His voice split the air. The watchers from Wistram, the forces of Reim, Germina…fell back another mile. Fetohep saw the great beast he rode cover hundreds of feet with a single motion.
His armies marched. And standing with him were six figures. An archer, a warrior-mage, a…
They were dead. Their skulls showing, fragments of skin clinging to their bodies. They were not as mighty as some of the greatest of Khelt’s protectors. But they stood with the king on his throne.
They were his comrades. Fetohep’s mortal friends. Bodies still bearing their death-wounds.
“We ride again.”
He told them. They didn’t move. They stood there, awaiting his orders. They were not Revenants. They had died before they could be made into ones with him.
His Queen had apologized for that. Weeping, if she could but still shed tears. Fetohep reached out to one of his friends and tried to recall…
“If only you were more than bone and decayed flesh. If only you had joined me in my long service, my boon friends, my companions unto death. What might I have been then?”
He mourned them, even as they went to campaign once more. Fetohep halted and the countless undead, seemingly limitless in number, halted. They had crossed over Germina’s border. Now—the King of Khelt looked down at the few mortal figures among the legions. Commanders of Khelt all. They looked up at him.
“Warriors of Khelt. We ride in Khelt’s name. Quicken your pace.”
Below him, the first ranks of undead warriors—skeleton warriors, perhaps even at the level of Ghouls—moved forwards. They began to walk. Then advanced to a trot.
Then they ran. They sprinted across the ground. The second rank followed. They sped up—and never slowed down.
Khelt’s army began to advance at a fast pace. As fast as a skeletal body could sprint. Slower than a horse. But they did not slow the first hour, or the next.
While he rode, the King of Khelt received a speaking stone call. He’d brought it along, on the assumption it was needed.
“Fetohep of Khelt. I cannot speak long. But—what are you doing?”
