8.08 J
Page 22
So she turned to servants. She missed Geril and cried for him more than her father. Her father was alive. But Geril…
She would have listened to him above all the others. More than Lyfelt, the River Wardens, even Lael. He had known her grandfather! He had known…everything. And she had been so ungrateful.
“Aca?”
She prompted the [Housemistress]. But the woman just shook her head, nervously.
“It’s not my place to say, your Majesty. I’m sure the River Wardens know what to do. Sh-shall I have one of the girls scrub your back?”
Jecaina sighed.
Aca was not Geril. She was a lovely woman, good for gossip, young at heart as Jecaina was. But the idea of giving advice in war to Jecaina terrified her.
“I need…high-level advisors. There have to be some left besides those still fighting.”
She knew General Lael was over Level 30. She had a Level 27 [Lieutenant], a [Master Archer] of Level 32, Verrod the [Horsemaster], Level 45—who was helping with Svinta and Elaire’s projects.
Jecrass, like every nation, had high-level individuals. A few. But they were always a handful over Level 30—over Level 40?
Jecaina had demanded the [Trick Riders] and Bicorns and Pegasi when both nations had begun swallowing parts of Jecrass. She had been assured there were thousands of candidates in training—Mulre even had lists. And that stables, areas of land, had been donated by Svinta and other River Wardens for the new breeding projects, and they were even asking Oteslia for more breeding stock.
Nothing at the moment. Desperately, Jecaina listened to her advisors.
Medain took more ground. Reim’s Steward was moving back this way, perhaps for another attack-and-swallow.
Sixteen days after the King of Destruction’s defeat, an age or so it seemed, the Queen of Jecrass paid a visit to someone.
 
—-
 
“Your Majesty?”
Nomna, Lyfelt’s wife, looked wide-eyed at Jecaina as the guards let her into the rather nice guest-estate. She and her children bowed deeply, Jecaina lifted a hand, not even bothered at this point.
“Don’t bow, Nomna. It’s…good to see you. Are you well? The guard told you I was coming.”
“Of course, your Majesty. Please, come in. We don’t have much to offer, but I did what I could…it’s all been provided, and we have to thank you for our very lives.”
The two children of Lyfelt and his wife, Nomna, welcomed Jecaina into their small household. They had been living here since Raelt rescued them at the capital.
It was not a grand estate, but it was still a rather large one for a single family. Jecaina thought that, looking at the padded couches, rather lovely ceiling—two floors plus a cellar! Then Nomna shook her head.
“Oh no, your Majesty. Your father—King Leysars gave us this estate with the other…leadership of Belchan. They and their families share this space. It can get a tiny bit crowded—I believe they are helping at the farms.”
“Farms?”
It transpired that Raelt had practically arranged for all the people threatened by Flos’ execution order to live here. Families as well as those responsible. Most were in the fields, apparently.
“There is a shortage of hands, you see, your Majesty, so we volunteered—it was that or sit about and argue.”
Jecaina appreciated that. She sat, and was offered some dried dates and a bit of goat’s cheese by a timid girl…eleven years old? Jecaina blinked at the reserved girl.
“Is that you, Presca? You look—older.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
The girl curtsied politely. Her younger brother was more nervous and kept staring at her. Jecaina looked at a Lyfelt’s family and realized she had aged too.
