8.08 J
Page 21
Her Wardens, Lyfelt…even General Lael. They weren’t enough.
 
—-
 
Here was the question. Was it Lyfelt? Was it a River Warden? Lael?
Did she have traitors who were manipulating her?
Jecaina actually wished it were so. Because she feared the truth was they were outmatched.
Lyfelt might have failed, but he had done his best. She felt like that was so, and she had read all of his sickening letters in her name to Perric, and the High King’s superior responses—but even trying to be ‘kind’, assuring her that her father was well, that he had personally checked in on him…
And indeed, Medain was not threatening the other passes, just the ones closest to Reim’s held Jecrass territory. So her fear was not treachery—not entirely. It was just the same issue that had plagued Raelt.
They were outmatched. Plain and simple. Put them up against each other. General Lael vs Orthenon. Warden Mulre—dead gods, Mulre, Svinta, and Elaire and two dozen others against one Zamea. Lyfelt vs Perric.
Loss, loss, loss…
“We have to pit Medain and Reim against each other.”
Lyfelt came to the same conclusion as Mulre and the others. He framed it as a ‘good thing in disguise’. He hated admitting failure or that something was bad. The River Wardens were more blunt.
“This is a disaster, your Majesty. But we can salvage it. Medain and Reim are staring at each other. Time to let them fight and hold this line.”
Jecaina nodded. They pulled back more, so Medain and Reim swept into the new ground and were now locking borders. They waited.
 
—-
 
Neither nation fought. Oh, Medain was clashing along the west and trying to take Belchan. But along the Jecrass border? Neither Orthenon, Zamea, or Medain’s forces there engaged.
Because, obviously, they weren’t idiots. They knew Jecrass would take any weakened position. Why bother when you could eat Jecrass? In short, to make an analogy of it, why would two Nightmares eat each other when there was a sheep nearby? Nightmares were the carnivorous, nocturnal hunting horses, incidentally.
Warden Mulre suggested raiding Medain or Reim poised as the other’s forces. General Lael advised Jecaina not to try it.
“They’re too intelligent to fall for an open ploy, your Majesty. Our forces would have to ride in from their side and if they were caught or a single one identified…”
So they didn’t do that.
“What am I missing, Aca?”
Jecaina turned to the [Housemistress] during a bath. The woman hesitated.
“Pr—my Queen?”
Jecaina looked at her. Bathing was a luxury that Jecrassians could afford thanks to the river. She looked at the [Housemistress]
“About the war? About my advisors, as I was saying? You were listening, weren’t you?”
“Yes, my Queen. Only…”
In her desperation, Jecaina had turned to the servants, to her friends. She spent most of her waking hours talking to her advisors. Yes, to lesser commanders, the Watch Captain, head of the Merchant’s Guild, Mage’s Guild, [Treasury Keeper] and so on, but—
She didn’t have more personal advisors than those. She had tried.
But her friends? The riding companions, dueling partners? Some had enlisted in the army and were in far flung locations where she would have to recall them.
Some had died in the war. And she hadn’t known.
She might have sent for them anyways, but Merib, a friend of hers, had just repeated the same basic advice.
“I don’t know, Jecaina—I mean, Queen Jecaina. What if you…shot arrows at Medain with Reim’s fletching?”
They were her friends. But they weren’t great leaders in the areas of war or diplomacy. They were as young as she.
