8.08 J
Page 16
“Someone write down the contents of what he’s saying. And we should make a proclamation to the effect within the hour, your Majesty, Jecaina. But I’m certain. That’s why the scrying [Mages] aren’t allowed any closer.”
Indeed, even Drassi seemed to suspect something was off. She narrowed her eyes as she shuffled her papers together as the announcement concluded and the link was abruptly shut off. Almost as if someone had told the [Mages] to cut the connection now.
“That’s an awfully convenient message from the King of Jecrass to the King of Medain. I understand they hate each other’s guts, but what do I know? Please stop writing in if you’re from Medain, incidentally. I’m allowed to give my opinions! Anyways, that was the ‘speech’…we’ll see what Queen Jecaina says.”
Jecaina sat back, head spinning. The River Wardens, Lyfelt—everyone wanted to talk. A proclamation had to be sent, and General Lael urgently requested a [Message]…
 
—-
 
It rattled Jecrass, to see their [King]. People who didn’t know Raelt half-believed it, even though their enmity towards Medain went back generations. They needed to be told it was fake.
Even Jecaina felt shaken. But in the hours afterwards, she realized a few things when talking to her advisors.
Firstly? This was definitely an illusion—Perric putting words in Raelt’s mouth. Raelt would never just surrender, not like that. Jecaina had no illusions; Flos would have vassalized Jecrass, but maybe let her keep her authority.
High King Perric wanted to make Jecrass into Medain, and he had already stripped two former monarchs of their power, turning them into puppets. He had kidnapped Jecaina—let’s not forget that either! Raelt would never forgive that so easily.
Secondly, and this actually brought her hope—Lyfelt pointed out a few details.
“Did you notice how poorly they copied his voice? A good [Mage] can do far better—but they didn’t. And Medain is not poor. They had to hold him in place, those Golden Ranks.”
“Why was the voice so poor?”
Jecaina asked—then realized before Lyfelt smiled bitterly.
Her father hadn’t said a word. Not one word, even perhaps under torture. That was why they couldn’t steal his voice.
She was proud of that. He was alive. That was enough for hope, to keep her going. What she feared was what he might be suffering or…or that he would not continue to stay alive.
And sure enough, High King Perric sent a personal [Message] to Jecrass hot on the heels of Raelt’s ‘speech’. The terms were simple, but none of the River Wardens would even listen to them. They stormed out of the throne room and Lyfelt read it in private.
Medain wanted Jecrass’ unconditional surrender, after which Raelt of Jecrass would be released as a vassal ruler to High King Perric. The terms added that if Jecaina signed the magical contract with her crown’s authority, he would be in Jecrass within the day.
Her blood boiled at the terms. Lyfelt held her back from sending a reply instantly.
“[Calm Mind], Jecaina. Calm. This is High King Perric’s strategy. He shoots for the skies—I suggest sending back an instant refusal, in polite wording.”
“Polite? He told us to roll over and—”
“I know. That man is arrogant, but he has your father. Don’t antagonize him. He has a temper.”
That cooled Jecaina’s head. She let Lyfelt write the reply and went to stab the air with her dueling sword.
True enough, Lyfelt’s reply was followed by a counteroffer within ten minutes. This time, it was more acceptable. If only just.
 
To Princess Jecaina of Jecrass,
