8.08 J
Page 13
“I don’t suggest speaking with him, Jecaina. The alliance against the King of Destruction is one place where Jecrass can find common ground, perhaps even aid. Compromising that—”
Jecaina ignored both River Wardens and Lyfelt. She rode stiffly across the ground, surrounded by a personal guard six times as large as his forces. Then, the two rulers rode forwards as both sides employed Skills to make sure the other was not treacherous.
In truth, Jecaina would not have done this for anyone but the King of Destruction. She doubted he would try anything; she had grown up listening to tales of his conduct in war. His honor…
She resolved the childhood admiration—even half a year ago—with the man who had slaughtered Jecrass’ people and brought war to her kingdom.
It was bittersweet. Because a part of her still looked up at the man sitting there in his saddle, imposing, regal even without a crown on his head. And she saw a hero out of tales. Part of her longed to believe in that.
The [Queen] dipped her head and received a nod in reply.
“I thank you for meeting me, Queen Jecaina. I understand that is your new title?”
“I was crowned since my father is unable to rule. Until such time as he returns, I am Queen of Jecrass, yes.”
The King of Destruction’s green eyes fixed on Jecaina. He noted her armor, her sword, the tense forces behind her in a heartbeat, and then studied Jecaina. Even sitting on horseback in front of him was hard. It was like trying to face the wind at full-blast with your eyes open. He was pushing Jecaina back without even trying.
“I see. Then, Jecaina, you have my deepest sympathies. I know what it is like to come to the crown too soon. And—if I may speak personally for a moment—I regret High King Perric’s treachery. Rest assured, if I am able to take Medain, I will free your father regardless of where we stand. But that is an unlikely scenario now, especially with that damned [Pirate] haunting the coast.”
Jecaina was taken aback at first by Flos. Especially by his sympathies, which seemed genuine. She swallowed.
“I had forgotten, K—Flos—”
How strange it was to address him so.
“—that you had come to your throne when your father fell.”
“Yes. An age ago. I found myself at war with Hellios as a boy.”
The man’s eyes were distant. He looked at her.
“A word of wisdom, if it is that. Listen, learn; your advisors may know what is best. Some will be treacherous. In time, you will know who to trust. But in the end, remember that you are [Queen]. No one will ever sit above you, and no one must tell you what to do.”
She nodded.
“Thank you, sir. King Reimarch. I have learned that, and will take it to heart.”
He smiled. They sat there, awkwardly. For Jecaina had not wished to like him. But she wanted to ask…
“So much for pleasantries. I cannot stay long; I must ride within the hour. We are at war, Queen Jecaina. Reim and Jecrass. It has been a bitter war, and a glorious one. Your father fought as few [Kings] have ever done. For that, I would salute him. But now, I think, it is enough. I come here to ask you to pledge Jecrass to Reim. Surrender Lyfelt, the high authorities of Belchan, and I will bring battle to Medain and cease the bloodshed.”
He looked at her and delivered his terms. Jecaina blinked—then recoiled.
“You still would make war, King Reimarch? After all this? Is Nerrhavia not marching on your rear at this moment?”
The King of Destruction shrugged.
