8.08 J
Page 35
“I express the same sentiments as my letter, Queen Jecaina Leysars. Congratulations on your crowning. May your reign be prosperous.”
He heard a sound. It might have been ‘thank you’. He heard her fumbling with the stone. Then silence.
King Fetohep sat there for a moment. Then he turned on the news. He felt less comforted when he saw the conflict in Jecrass. He listened to Jecaina’s name with more attention.
The next day, Reim and Jecrass clashed. And the Queen of Jecrass took to the field.
 
—-
 
Jecaina did not so much as swing her sword once the entire battle. She was there, as they tried to defy Zamea and an army who wanted to expand Reim’s reach yet further.
But Lael refused to let her near the conflict. Jecaina was surrounded by a heavy bodyguard of [Trick Riders], and she had sworn to leave if the half-Giant came towards her.
She was there for morale. And the [Soldiers] of Jecrass fought.
Still, Jecaina had seen battle only a few times before with her own eyes, and most recently was when her father had tried to save her. Then, she had been fighting for her life.
Now she saw what Raelt had seen all the war. It was sickening, horrifying.
The half-Giantess kicked through a battalion of [Soldiers]. Lael had tried to keep them away, harrying the half-Giants with [Riders], but she had to put the infantry in some position to fight Reim’s foot soldiers. And Zamea ignored the [Riders] and strode in. She and three half-Giants raised their bloody weapons and turned formations into strewn bodies.
That was a horror of its own. But the fighting itself—Jecaina saw a [Soldier] of Reim go down screaming with a javelin in his gut. He rose, bloody, and hacked at a [Soldier] until someone put an axe in his head.
Gore. Death—Lael fell back. So did Reim. They did not go for the fortress; Jecrass had stopped their advance for once.
But the cost? Over two thousand dead. Reim’s half-Giants were impossible to turn back without casualties.
And yet, the River Wardens called it a great victory. Warden Svinta had ridden with Jecaina and she raised a spear, shouting, and the [Soldiers]…
They cheered her. That was when Jecaina felt sickest. Bloody, wounded men and women.
“The Daughter of Duels! Jecrass stands!”
“Queen Jecaina Leysars!”
‘Daughter of Duels’. That was what they had dubbed her, in honor of the King of Duels. Though she had not swung her sword—and she didn’t have the courage to overrule Lael.
She was not her father, who had actually killed a half-Giant in battle, fought the King of Destruction. Jecaina owned a silver bell, not a golden one.
She was sick, afterwards. But she let no one see. She threw up in a potted plant in the palace.
The worst part was that she had told Lael they had to stop Reim, and the [General] had agreed. They had done it—so they might do it again.
Fetohep was right. And it was his words which had given her the truth which drove her to…
Well. First she got drunk. She did not dine in banquet; the official line Lyfelt put out was that she was fasting in honor of the dead, even as celebration should be had for repelling Reim.
In truth, Jecaina locked herself in her rooms and…
 
—-
 
“Is it on? King Fetohep. You were right. I saw a battle today.”
The slurred voice surprised him at first. But he replied just as quickly.
“Queen Leysars. I know. It was spoken of, in the news.”
“Really? Did they watch?”
No. In fact, it was a footnote and his own [Informants] had been more detailed than Pallass News Network. It was a small skirmish really, compared to all that had come before it. No half-Giant was wounded, casualties were ‘low’.
