8.08 J
Page 30
That last one actually made Jecaina stare. Then she realized the next six [Messages] were marriage proposals.
Not just from the ruler of…a small nation she had never heard of. A [Merchant], an [Emir], and a [General] all thought they were also good as heirs to thrones. They offered gold, transport to safety, or amazing leadership for someone in your difficult t—
She crumpled up that last one. It sounded like Perric.
“Damn this! I’d rather marry—the King’s Steward than any of these suitors! What, do they think I have vaults filled to the brim with gold?”
“It’s a seller’s market for [Mercenaries], your Majesty. In desperate times…should I not give you the rest?”
Jecaina collapsed into her throne.
“There are more?”
She’d wondered if Lyfelt was playing her wrong, but she had asked to see his missives in outgoing and incoming [Messages] more than once. She wasn’t stupid.
As it turned out, he had screened a lot of stupid from her eyes as well. But another note made Jecaina stop.
 
To: Queen Jecaina of Jecrass
From: Her Great Eminence, Her Majesty Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen…(see attached titles.)
Subject: Nerrhavia’s Protection
To her Majesty, Jecaina of Jecrass, Nerrhavia’s Fallen is willing to undertake the defense and liberation of King Raelt of Jecrass if the Realm were willing to undertake immediate vassalization by the Great Empire of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. As a fellow Queen, I would assure your ranking within Nerrhavia and…
 
“She wants to make Jecrass a vassal-state?”
It was the most handsome vassalization offer she’d gotten so far. Albeit Medain, Reim, and Nerrhavia being the only offers.
But Yisame actually tried to entice Jecaina, whereas the two [Kings] had been more about threats. Unlike them, not only would Yisame guarantee Raelt’s return and the protection of Jecrass, she would install Jecaina as ruler of the region, give her the following titles in Nerrhavia’s hierarchy…
Jecaina spat out some orange juice all over the floor. Aca rushed for a cloth as the [Queen] exclaimed.
“Four hundred thousand gold?”
A [Servant] nearly dropped the orange juice pitcher.
“For what, your Majesty?”
“I—me?”
Yisame was offering Jecaina four hundred thousand gold pieces to sign over her crown, and more aid for Jecrass.
It was tempting. Jecaina wasn’t going to do it—but it was tempting. The letter even had a bit offering condolences that seemed more…personal than the business offer. Maybe Yisame had added that last bit in?
Jecaina read it, and actually told Aca to send a polite refusal and counteroffer of nonaggression, trade—she doubted Yisame would bite, but it opened a dialogue and she felt like she did something.
“Well, that at least lightened my mood. I’ll sign that if I have to. Better Nerrhavia than Reim or Medain, maybe.”
The servants actually smiled. Jecaina wished she could believe she wasn’t serious.
“One or two more, your Majesty…let’s see. Here.”
Jecaina sorted through the last of the [Messages]. Most were useless, but the Mage’s Guild apparently filtered countless even more trivial [Messages]. One could not send a [Message] to Jecaina if you were a common citizen; only those of wealth, power, and so on could even get to her.
Which was depressing if you thought about it because Jecaina would have loved a [Message] from some child who’d saved up all their coins to tell her they believed in her.
…Or that their family was dead and they blamed her.
Mercenary offer, marriage offer, bill—bill? For a Pegasus from Oteslia—she handed that one off. Then she blinked at a weird [Message].
