8.08 J
Page 46
A prickling feeling ran down the [High Mage]’s back. He stared as a third [Message] came in. This one from…he turned.
“Get me the Pallass News Network team.”
 
—-
 
Jecrass had been unable to secure a single Wistram [Mage] even asking in advance. It turned out that other rulers could get whatever they wanted from Wistram just by speaking, not even bothering to shout.
And the King of Destruction did shout. And Wistram, despite being officially at odds with him, moved. They did not know why they were moving, first. Nor did Pallass News Network.
High King Perric was waiting to see his army’s glorious push into Jecrass; he had informed them of the timing. What he got was a yawning Drassi, sitting up and dully reporting the advance. Perric scowled. He hated her.
The feeling was mutual. The Drake’s eyes opened as someone began to whisper off-screen, though. She sat up, excitedly.
“Hold on, people. We might not be watching Medain right now. I’m getting word of a live event taking place. Chandrar—stay tuned. Wait. Wait…Jecrass? Slow down—we’re covering—no? The King of Destruction?”
Parts of Perric puckered up at the name. That man! That man had better not—
The image of Medain’s army marching and singing praises of their High King vanished. Perric rose from his seat with an oath.
“Get me the Wistram Mage! Now and—”
His words were choked off as Flos Reimarch’s face popped into view. He was staring at High King Perric. The man nearly climbed out of his throne until he realized—
This was the broadcast. Drassi herself recoiled in the foreground.
“Aha. So it’s working, is it? Am I first? Good.”
Flos Reimarch boomed. Someone spoke.
“Your Majesty, you’re too close. Please—allow us to—”
They backed up. The King of Destruction appeared in view. He was standing, in a war tent, location unknown. Perric’s hands clenched into fists at the sight of him.
That damned man! He had humiliated Medain and beaten him—now he was upstaging Medain’s hour of triumph again? Were there no limits to how far he would sink?
Perric was about to castigate the Wistram [Mage] and demand to know what was going on when someone else appeared. And the screen—split.
Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen appeared on the left side of the screen. Flos on the right. he was staring at something and blinked.
“Ah. I see her! And myself! Queen Yisame.”
“Flos Reimarch.”
The [Queen] blinked a few times, and then sat back. She was on her throne. It was perhaps the first time the two rulers had met face-to-face in an age. Perric stared.
“Fascinating. I am here. So are you—are we waiting on the rest?”
“It appears so. King of Destruction, it pleases me you acceded to this moment despite the war between our kingdoms.”
“Ah, well, it is gracious of you to do so. Besides which—would you mind ceasing your invasion? It is getting rather tiring, swatting down your chariots as they buzz about like flies.”
She smiled thinly.
“Nerrhavia will see Reim fall within the month, King of Destruction. But perhaps this is not the time to debate your kingdom?”
He gave her a wolf of a grin.
“What in the name of Selphid’s foul tits is going on here?”
Perric roared. The High King saw another face appear. And this time it was—
“Femithain?”
Yes! Magus-Crafter Femithain of Illivere sat back at his desk, adjusting his spectacles.
“Ah, I see I am…‘connected’. Thank you, Magus.”
He nodded to someone off-screen. The rulers seemed to be using stationary artifacts rather than the shakier ‘live [Mages]’ who could broadcast events.
