8.08 J
Page 14
“They are. You have already noticed my forces dwindle. But I am a [King] and I gave my word to my subjects who were slaughtered in Belchan. I do not forswear myself. Until peace is made—we are at war.”
He leaned on his saddle horn and Jecaina and her horse danced back. His eyes were terribly frightening, then.
“I do not wish to kill more of Jecrass’ brave children, Queen Jecaina. Nor do I think your nation can stand against mine. Accept vassalization, as Germina and Hellios have and my armies will battle Medain and free your father! Refuse me, and I will take your capital, if I must.”
Her blood chilled. The border was still a ways from the capital, but if he beat Jecrass here, he might march on the capital; albeit with forces to his rear.
Could he do it with eighteen thousand men? She stared at Zamea as the half-Giant yawned, visible to all behind him, with four of her Nomads of the Sky.
Was she tempted? Part of her. If he had asked her to ride with him, as one of his Seven, to bring High King Perric to justice…
She still would have refused. The Queen looked at the King.
“Did you not just tell me that no one would ever sit above me, Flos of Reim? Do you think Jecrass is weak enough to be pushed into submission?”
Flos raised a hand, smiling ruefully.
“How I like to stab myself in the foot. I did say that—it is how I live. You would still be [Queen]. And I do not make light of Jecrass, Jecaina. But look. Do you really think you can hold both my armies and Medain’s at bay?”
He gestured to the half-Giants, his army. Himself. Jecaina quailed.
Still. Still…it was Jecrass. Her home! Perhaps if he had come with vast armies? Perhaps. But—
“You have spilled too much blood here, Flos Reimarch. I cannot kneel after all you have done. You made war on Belchan, yes. But now Jecrass? I refuse you. Nerrhavia’s armies are creeping up on your ass. Be done with them and take Jecrass if you can!”
She blushed as the rude words burst from her. To her surprise, the King of Destruction threw his head back and laughed. One of the watching bodyguards, a young woman who looked out of place, started, as did Jecrass’ forces.
“I have never heard it put like that! But then—your father was a different ruler. So that is your will? We will meet on the battlefield, Queen of Jecrass. Will you have the same resolve then?”
He looked at her again. Jecaina gritted her teeth so hard she swore one cracked.
“I will.”
He frowned…then exhaled.
“Will you at least turn over Lyfelt and the ministers of Belchan? I would sign a peace treaty for that alone.”
This time Jecaina was very uncertain. She bit her lip. Flos pressed her, riding a step or two closer.
“You know what he has done, Queen Jecaina. Is one man’s pitiful life worth more war? Especially that one’s?”
“I…I…”
 
—-
 
Her second refusal worried Jecaina. She refused to turn Lyfelt over, and the King of Destruction departed. For a tense moment…
But he didn’t have the forces to attack. Lael had suggested that, which was why Jecaina had dared him by refusing. He pulled his army back, riding south. Orthenon and Zamea would hold the north, along with the forces of Parasol Stroll, even the dreaded death-warriors of the Rustängmarder, perhaps. Jecaina didn’t know.
For now, Jecrass was relatively safe from aggression. But the war continued.
Why had she not given him Lyfelt? In truth, Jecaina had dithered. But when his life was in the balance, her father’s friend…she had caved in.
Not to Flos, but to her father. He had not given Lyfelt over at any cost. Did his daughter know better? Was she weaker, to reverse his decision?
