8.08 J
Page 27
Jecaina stared at her. And then it hit her. Your Majesty or, ‘Your Highness’ was how the woman had addressed her the entire time she had been visiting.
Never ‘my Queen’.
“May I ask why, Herdmistress? If Jecrass falls—”
“Your father asked me the same, your Majesty. I refused him. Just as I refused the King of Destruction when the Shepard Zamea approached me.”
Jecaina stirred.
“He asked you to—”
“To fight for him. Provide for his armies. And I would receive vast lands of Jecrass as a reward.”
Geraeri’s eyes glinted as she looked up at Jecaina from her drink. Jecaina swallowed.
“You refused.”
“Of course I did. And I will refuse you, Queen Jecaina. Just as I refused your father.”
“If Jecrass falls—”
“The People of Zair will not fall with it.”
And there it was. The [Herdmistress] sat there, drinking, hosting the [Queen] of the realm…with no intention of going to her aid. The Human [Queen] argued with the Centaur [Herdmistress], desperately trying to make her see the danger.
“What if Medain conquers Jecrass? The King of Destruction?”
“We will bow to whomever rules. If Medain wins, we will trade with Medain. If the King of Destruction wins, Reim. Your Majesty, I mean no offense.”
But offense had been given. Lots of it. Mountains of horse crap of offense. Jecaina began to grow angry.
“Do you have no loyalty to Jecrass? You have lived here nearly a century!”
“We love the land, your Majesty. But we have never benefitted from its protection. We are nomads. If the time comes, we will move.”
The Herdmistress retorted. Jecaina half-rose.
“What if High King Perric decides he needs no nomads? You know the man.”
“He might.”
Geraeri allowed. She sighed.
“If that were the case, we would move to another land and he would lose our trade and what we provide. Make no mistake, your Majesty—we have been contributing to the war. In goods, crafts—we gave much of the food your armies eat for gold. We are a benefit. But we will not take sides.”
“And what if Jecrass falls and Medain seeks to wipe you out?”
“They may try.”
The [Queen] saw Geraeri reach for her side. She drew a knife and placed it before them. It had a sepia glow.
“I fought in a war between my people and I have fought armies as well. The People of Zair are no weak force; the Nomads of the Sky are strong, but few in number. I would not put us below them. If any nation wishes to challenge us, we will fight and leave. But we will not be forced. The King of Destruction might have the strength, but we declined to join him and he did not push us. What does that tell you, Queen Jecaina?”
“That he didn’t want to waste his strength when Jecrass was fighting him?”
The Herdmistress snorted.
“True enough. We aren’t as strong as a nation. But we will be independent, your Majesty. I wish someone had told you, that I did not have to refuse you to your face.”
“So you will let Jecrass fall.”
“Do I take pleasure in it? I am independent, your Majesty. I think of my people. We love life, not war. I have had to defend my people from countless aggressors. Even Crelers. I am…”
 
—-
 
“—stubborn, old, prideful, arrogant harridan of a—”
Jecaina shouted insults the entire way back to the capital. She had argued with Geraeri, pleaded, offered incentives for three whole hours.
The woman had refused her everything. She did not want promises of land or concessions if there was the risk her people went down with Jecrass.
