8.08 J
Page 54
The Quarass’ voice was breathy. She had to have noticed the…army…sprinting across her lands.
“I am engaged in the business of Khelt, Quarass. I would have asked permission to cross your lands, but this involves the safety of Khelt. I swear by my people no harm shall come to Germina save that it is offered. Will you allow me passage?”
“The business of…yes. But how is this Khelt’s security?”
“You will see.”
Fetohep rather enjoyed hanging up on her. He continued his advance.
 
—-
 
“…No idea what has set Khelt off, is there, Noass?”
“None, Sir Relz. And this—I didn’t know an army of undead could run like that. How is it possible?”
The King of Khelt was why. Normally, Khelt’s strength lay only in its borders. But Fetohep had taken to the front in the first time in…centuries.
And every nation in this region of Chandrar had stopped fighting. Nerrhavia, Medain, the Claiven Earth—all were watching to see what was happening.
Reim’s armies were pivoting, trying to regroup. But—the [Army of the King] had been used.
If ever there was a time to strike, it was now.
For two days his army marched. Only the living suffered. Yet they moved with fervor, after their king. He spoke to them, to the skies. To his long-dead companions.
“They make much of Nerrhavia’s hordes! Mine are without limit! Medain is said to have all the treasures of a lifetime. Khelt’s vaults stretch beyond imagination. Reim’s forces once took all of Chandrar and the world by storm, but Khelt’s soldiers have gone further than the King of Destruction ever dared dream.”
They had forgotten that fact. Fetohep’s head turned. He spoke.
“The world shall remember Khelt anew. And to my subjects who idle from passion to passion—they shall never want. Never yearn for needs. But let them dream. Let a passion be born into their hearts. Let the topic of every hour be war, and their dreams of glory. And let those who will it take up arms.”
He was enacting decrees as he rode. For the first time, Khelt was calling its citizens who so desired to lead, to fight—if they wished it.
Some would die. But for any who enlisted and fought for a year’s time, the right to bear children would be given.
After two days, the army of Reim met Fetohep’s at the border of Hellios and Belchan. Fetohep had ignored former Queen Calliope asking his intentions, refused all hails for two days.
Now, he came to a stop. And he saw the Nomads of the Sky. The Steward of the King of Destruction—
Not the King himself. But he was ready to ride on Fetohep’s flank. The Steward, Zamea, Parasol Stroll—they were all there. An army brought low only once in recent memory. Half-Giants, the legacy of old—
The army of Khelt advanced and Reim shuddered for the first time in memory. For look up—and remember.
“My kin? My foremothers and forefathers?”
Zamea whispered. She stared…up…at a giant of bone. Fetohep heard her voice from afar. He would have laughed.
All species had come to Khelt, large and small. They had been welcomed, the tallest of the world. And the rulers had only asked for their service in death.
“Fetohep of Khelt! What are your intentions?”
The [Ruinbringer Steward], Orthenon, bellowed. Fetohep did not reply. Orthenon turned.
“Go.”
A single rider shot across the ground, bearing a white flag. Fetohep watched the person advance.
Bone giants, bearing enchanted javelins, aimed, tracking—but he overruled the authority of the living.
“Let her come. Halt the army.”
