8.08 J
Page 50
The King of Destruction was predictable. Femithain, the Magus-Crafter, somewhat likewise. He stared at Lyfelt, and there was dislike even behind his eyes after all was said and done. Lyfelt’s hair was messy, he was sweating and pale.
“I say that as a ruler, laws passed, crimes committed under your governance reflect on those at the top. This tragedy was eminently preventable. I do not vote in favor of death, and I do not hold all of Belchan’s leadership to blame, as I have reiterated. But I do find Lyfelt guilty of the crimes laid at his feet.”
It seemed split then, and then the Speaker of Trees stood. Lyfelt turned to him and Flos frowned deeply, because the half-Elf had seemed as peaceable as Femithain.
And Jecaina had sworn to break the tie, or uphold a majority. The half-Elf looked into the camera, and spoke.
“As one of two non-Humans present—”
He nodded to Yisame. The Stitch Woman inclined her head.
“—I can only present my understanding of Belchan. I speak for the Claiven Earth in this matter, because I must, because I was asked. Because my insight may supersede other’s. With this in mind, I find Belchan’s attitude towards non-Humans telling. Gnolls were slaughtered, while Humans made their way to Reim with far less aggression. Lyfelt of Belchan knew of this. Children have died. Enough…I am a father. I say enough. The Claiven Earth do not suffer him to live.”
The former [Prime Minister] turned white. He looked at the Treespeaker. The half-Elf stared at him, then his viewpoint turned dark. He did not even stay to watch.
Orjin of Pomle was next. He stood there, clearly unhappy with his decision. The big man spoke, at last, as [Martial Artists] stood, watching, behind him.
“I am a [Martial Artist]. Strongest of Pomle. I rule on matters like this. When murder occurs—I rule on intent. Always, there is an option to let those accused seek death in a way they find honorable. But Pomle does not kill unless necessary. I cannot weigh this man’s crimes.”
He looked at Lyfelt. The man choked.
“Strongest—”
Orjin ignored him. Jecaina slashed a hand and Lyfelt was gagged. Orjin went on.
“Ignorance. Law. These sound like excuses. I do not believe Lyfelt is innocent. Nor will I see him dead. However he is punished—let it be so. Give him to the families of the Gnolls, and that will be his death. Give him to the King of Destruction, and let that be his death. Or give him a chance for his own end. But he is guilty. That I cannot see the weight of it does not mean it is not there.”
Hope—if there had been any for Lyfelt—dwindled.
Queen Yisame and Fetohep were left. The [Queen] looked as though she had been planning to give a speech, but the eloquence of the others had made her reconsider. She looked into the camera and slowly extended a hand.
A single thumb, pointing down. She delicately withdrew it and sat back.
A gladiatorial gesture. Death.
The last was Fetohep. Some people turned away rather than stare at the revenant [King]. But he sat there, among the peers of Chandrar, a valuable voice. Jecaina smiled, but not really, at him.
“And what will you, Fetohep of Khelt?”
He waited a second, before replying.
“Wisdom from my peers. It has been long since such a gathering of Chandrar’s rulers was called. And it was to rule on the fate of a throne then. Queen Jecaina of Jecrass.”
He nodded at her. Yisame, Flos, Femithain—all of them blinked at the gesture. Fetohep went on.
“You invoke Khelt’s ruler. I rule as if it were one of my subjects, who art beloved, who committed such a crime. For a deed such as this?”
His eyes flashed golden.
