8.08 J
Page 48
The camera and her personal viewing lens were not in the same place. And she was sitting on her throne—a bit away from the ‘camera’.
High King Perric stared. What was going on?
“Rulers of Chandrar, your Majesties, Magus-Crafter, Speaker of Trees, and Strongest of Pomle. Thank you for agreeing to this meeting.”
Queen Jecaina spoke. She inclined her head and all the rulers did likewise, even Flos. They knew what was going on.
Perric did not. But he didn’t like it. And—seeing Jecaina now, instead of the fawning letters begging for this or that—she did not seem like a helpless young woman overwrought by her crown.
Another copper penny dropped. The High King realized a lot of things in that moment. He might have acted on the rampant fury rushing through him, but everything became clear to the audience—and himself—the next moment.
Queen Jecaina looked at the scrying orb. She was smiling—but it wasn’t a real smile. It was unhappy, and she looked young and old. The crown sat on her head, as if she had forgotten it was there, so much it had been a part of her.
“Hello. I am Queen Jecaina Leysars of Jecrass. To those watching—I have called upon six great rulers of Chandrar, wise and knowledgeable leaders of their nations all. Each one I trust for different reasons, even if we are at odds—”
She nodded at Flos and he inclined his head with a smile.
“—to weigh in on a decision that has haunted me since I was crowned. I am young to the throne of Jecrass, and have not reached a verdict in an issue of…morality. Judgment. Thus—I asked for the aid of a council of my peers.”
High King Perric felt something was wrong here. Where was he, Perric? Medain? Hello? He called for the Wistram [Mage].
But no one was answering his [Message] spells. Jecaina went on.
“The issue is the heart of the war between Reim and Jecrass. A tragic—no, horrific incident for which my father was forced to go to war over. An event we all witnessed. Please—bring him in.”
She turned her head. And Perric, the watching world, saw a man slowly led forwards by a pair of [Soldiers].
Lyfelt of Belchan. The man was terrified. Also—gagged. He stood there, staring at Jecaina. Perric sat back.
“Dead gods, she’s going to execute him in front of everyone.”
He was of course, wrong. He did not know Jecaina.
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt had not been told what was happening. He had agreed, instantly, but the King of Khelt, to some, their first time realizing that an undead held the throne, sat there, eyes flashing golden as he and the others listened. Jecaina did not need to speak overly long.
“All know Lyfelt of Belchan. That my father defended him—or the slaughter of Belchan’s rulership and their families—”
“I reneged on the families.”
Flos interrupted. Jecaina looked at him and he sat back. He was quivering with fury. Jecaina spoke on.
“—my father, King Raelt of Jecrass, did not decide Lyfelt’s fate. The King of Destruction would have his death—and all of his officials—to end this war. I refused, just as my father did. Jecrass should not give up a man’s life even when threatened. Yet. The issue weighed on me, because injustice was done. A tribe of Gnolls, slaughtered nearly to the last. More victims. How am I to judge a man who was my father’s friend? Who raised me? Who…might not have known?”
Her head bowed for a second. Then it rose.
