8.08 J
Page 33
She didn’t know his last name. And a monarch could greet each other informally, or in that way.
What was unnerving was how Fetohep seemed to leap around conversations. He replied, his tone faintly echoing, but precise.
“As we speak in confidence, Queen Leysars, I would not take it amiss to be referred to as King Khelt—it is traditional for rulers of Khelt to abandon their names of family as we serve our nations with no personal bias. Fetohep would also be acceptable if you will entertain the informality.”
“I—would appreciate that, Fetohep. Thank you.”
“Then I shall refer to you as Jecaina, Queen Leysars.”
An odd mix of formal and anticipatory. For instance, in that one exchange he’d read into her uncertainty of how to address him, provided the answer, but then proceeded to negotiate the forms of address.
Her father would have hated doing that. Fetohep seemed to act as if there was no other way to be. Jecaina swallowed, aware he might hear that slight sound.
“As I said—I connected us via…speaking stone to thank you for your letter. It was most refreshing to receive.”
“The formalities of state cannot be ignored. I did wait the customary two weeks before sending it. I trust the ongoing war did not delay its reception unduly.”
Jecaina blinked and realized—the letter had been included with the [Messages], but it had to have been hand-delivered. By a Courier?
“Not at all, Fetohep. Two weeks…? Is that a customary wait?”
She realized she had inadvertently revealed her ignorance. Normally, she would be afraid to do that and she bit her lip hard. But Fetohep replied without missing a beat.
“Perhaps the custom has fallen out of date? It is customary to my understanding to wait two weeks before congratulating a new monarch on their ascension to the throne.”
“Wh—”
Ah. Jecaina fell silent. Just in case they were replaced just as fast.
And it hadn’t been a sure thing for her. Fetohep might still have wasted a large amount of time and gold sending that letter. She fell silent, reminded of the present.
It reminded Jecaina of one of those state dinners where she had to sit and talk with some ambassador. Raelt would be wooden unless he actually liked the person, and the River Wardens would fill the air, or the [Courtiers] and so on. Jecaina, like her father, had trouble if there was a lull in the conversation.
Fetohep did not. After the silence lingered for a few seconds, he spoke, not at all bothered by what was awkward silence to living people.
“I understand both Medain and Reim have continued to gain ground on Jecrass’ soil. A distressing turn of events. Do you believe the war has a chance of victory for Jecrass?”
The question lanced Jecaina like a sparring wound. She stared at the speaking stone. It lit up as Fetohep continued.
“Of course, if this is a matter of national secrecy, I quite understand. However, Khelt reveals no secrets.”
“I…I…that is a direct question to ask, Fetohep of Khelt.”
Jecaina got mad, and she couldn’t have said reasonably why. Fetohep’s reply was deadpan.
“I assume it is a practical one, however, Queen Jecaina. War is not so nebulous a thing as to be constantly obfuscated. If you would like me to present my opinion, there is little to bet on. If one were to try to gauge the outcome of Jecrass’ conflict.”
He was right. It was just stunning to hear someone say that. Lyfelt always said there was a new angle, a new plan. The River Wardens? Resist until the end! Defiance! Glory to…Lael was grimly determined. She didn’t couch her words as much as the others, but even she had not said it.
