8.08 J
Page 51
“I would not even take their bones in service to Khelt, but bury them outside my realm in a place forgotten to time. Those who rule are responsible for the lives of all who pass in their domains. If they grant safety, their word is their bond. Lyfelt of Belchan dies.”
It was done. Not even 1-5. Only Femithain and Orjin had even spoken out against death. By any measure…
Jecaina rose, slowly. She looked at Lyfelt. Let me speak, the man’s eyes begged. Let me try one last time…
Now, the audience waited. The [Queen] looked around.
“The leaders of Chandrar have spoken. Nothing more need be said. Lyfelt…”
She stumbled over her words.
“Dies.”
The man collapsed. Flos Reimarch smiled.
“Let it be an end to this war, Queen Jecaina. The fate of the others we may debate. I will even accept the ruling. But Lyfelt—I shall order my armies back. Give him to my Steward and—”
“No.”
The King of Destruction stopped. Jecaina turned to face him.
“King of Destruction, I called this conclave of authority to weigh in on Lyfelt’s fate. It is not for you to execute him. That burden—that responsibility is mine. My father fought a war in the name of his principles. I will not give Lyfelt to you.”
“But he will die.”
“Yes.”
The King of Destruction folded his arms. After a long moment, he nodded.
“Very well. My cause to war with Jecrass is then—”
“The war?”
She interrupted him. Jecaina stood there, looking at Flos. She half-laughed.
“King Reimarch. This war has gone beyond one man’s fate. Even the fate of Belchan! You have brought death and destruction to Jecrass! Now, the vultures and hounds circle! You may believe there is no more cause to war with Jecrass, but we have cause to war with you!”
He stared at her. Queen Yisame bestirred herself from her throne. Jecaina went on.
“If you had not made war—if you had suggested this—if you had asked my father to ride with you, or simply asked to exist in peace, perhaps we would have been allies. But King of Destruction, look at what you have done. You know how many of Jecrass lie dead. I do not accept your call to end the war. And you will return Jecrass’ lands.”
Flos Reimarch blinked at her. Yisame applauded quietly. Orjin, Femithain, Fetohep, waited. The King of Khelt was grinning.
And yet. The King of Destruction shook his head lightly.
“I understand your rage, Jecaina of Jecrass. But one of those dogs is barking from the north. If you will not make peace, then I caution you. Takhatres has returned to me. My Steward advances. Do you wish to make war despite knowing that?”
She just looked at him.
“I will not let Reim rule Jecrass, King of Destruction.”
His eyes flickered. What had been something like admiration turned to…
“So be it. It grieves me—but my Steward shall see you before I. Let us hope whatever you intend can stop him. Either way—I thank you, Queen of Jecrass. Let justice be done.”
He turned. His viewpoint went blank. But no one had missed the look he gave towards Queen Yisame. She looked at Jecaina. Fetohep slowly watched as all the viewpoints in the conference call turned dark.
His was last of all. He stared at himself.
 
—-
 
Thirty three days after her ascent to her throne, Queen Jecaina had shown herself to be a [Queen]. At least, so they told her.
It was time. Medain was coming for her. High King Perric had realized she was no dancing puppet, no frail girl.
The [Steward] was coming too. Her River Wardens had been admiring and horrified.
Jecaina was neither. She was calm. She knew what had to be done.
“Tell Queen Yisame…”
