8.08 J
Page 31
“‘Cordially offering you my congratulations on your ascent to’…huh?”
The last [Message] was not a threat, offer, or…anything. It was, in fact, a polite nothing. A lengthily worded congratulations for her ascent to the throne, complete with reminiscences about the ‘lately detained King Raelt’, and a cordial invitation to visit the sender at her leisure, if she retained the throne after the end of the war.
She stared at the sender. And blinked.
Fetohep of Khelt.
 
—-
 
She knew Fetohep. She had never met him—but her father, Raelt, had spoken to all the rulers in the region. Fetohep was actually one of the rulers that Raelt had liked.
Or at least, had no gripes with.
He had liked the previous Quarass, for all she was manipulative, for reasons Jecaina had never known. Hellios was…strained…as Queen Calliope had been the sometimes-enemy, sometimes-friend of Jecrass.
But Fetohep? Jecaina sought out Lyfelt. He was only too happy to explain.
“The Quarass? Germina was never our constant ally. I never knew Raelt liked her. But then—he did like people who didn’t bother him overly long unless they were friends. And the Quarass—even the one before the present one—knew people. She was probably straightforward with him.”
“Ah. And Fetohep? I know Khelt…”
The land of the dead. The kingdom of the unliving. A paradise few had ever seen. Lyfelt shrugged.
“I’ve never been. Did he send you a [Message]? Fetohep does do that. He offered me a chance to visit. I think.”
“Did you?”
Lyfelt scratched at his head. Bemused, he frowned.
“Wait. No. He didn’t. He sent one to Raelt, but not to me! I don’t think [Prime Ministers] count. He is an enduringly polite [King], though, but…peculiar. As arrogant as the King of Destruction in the few times we’ve directly corresponded.”
“You’ve talked?”
“Oh, of course. Normally it is through lesser channels, but he does involve himself from time to time. Never directly, but he buys water from Jecrass each year. If it were possible, I’d suggest selling some. No one would raid Khelt if he provided the transport. Khelt is not to be trifled with.”
Jecaina knew that. She knew the stories. Once, Khelt had been larger, but even now—they did not attack unless threatened and were isolationist. But take one step beyond the border and the dead would rise. Even the King of Destruction did not try to claim Khelt.
Anyway, it was a strange letter. Lyfelt waved it away, more preoccupied with the vassalization offer from Nerrhavia and Jecaina’s reply—he was peeved she’d done anything without talking to him.
Jecaina sat, reading Fetohep’s letter. It was…funny.
 
…I am minded to recall your Great Great Grandmother’s sojourn at the beginning of her reign where she was kidnapped to Terandria. I trust the Realm of Jecrass shall likewise endure from a female influence upon the land.
 
He knew her great, great…Jecaina actually had to walk through the halls of portraits to find out who it was. But Fetohep had lived when she was alive.
Also, he’d written essays like a [Historian] on lovely paper. Just beautiful. Someone had put wood shavings into the delicate paper, and the ink had some kind of strange quality that made it easier to read. Jecaina sniffed it and smelled a pleasant fragrance.
Had he scented it? Who took this much time on a letter? Even the seal had gold flakes sprinkled into Khelt’s national symbol.
The lengthy letter took an hour to read. And Jecaina was not a slow reader. She realized as she unfolded it that the thin piece of paper was also enchanted to keep unfolding; Lyfelt had unfolded the first, official greeting and hadn’t realized—
