8.08 J
Page 20
Jecaina wanted to retake the fortress; Zamea had gone to fight Medain, so why not retake it? She sent Lael and three River Wardens to take back the stronghold, at a key point along a river.
Lael found a fortified keep in its place. Where Jecrass had built a quick wooden fort, having lost its actual border-forts in the west, along a riverbank…the fortress was now made of stone and had been reversed to defend itself against an attack from Jecrass’ side.
Stone parapets with sniper positions. Elevated ground and blockades to stymie horse charges. A few thousand could hold off ten thousand, and that was just the outside.
[The King’s Architect]. Jecaina had no idea what had been done until they all recalled the King of Destruction’s new Skill.
He had used it across Chandrar. She put her head in her hands. Especially when it turned out that Reim was using that as a choke point to stymie counter-raids and fall back to.
Unfair, unfair…the King of Destruction had done it again.
“It’s like the days of his conquests. Drevish the [Architect]. He did this all the time. The King of Destruction would take a valuable position and turn it into an unassailable bastion so he could pull back and hold the enemy there.”
“Can we take it? What about Pegasus Riders? Warden Svinta?”
The Warden looked uncomfortable.
“We have eighteen fliers ready to go, your Majesty. We wouldn’t be able to ferry troops in or assault from above for…”
Jecaina realized they had lost another fort. And that meant the lines had to be altered; neighboring forts were at risk, and they had to build another defensive line.
More gold, more headaches. More fear. That was bad enough.
The next day, Medain marched forces down the Merrina Pass and seized the land around it. They didn’t take the border-city or try the walls, but they began fortifying their own area. Lael was poised to attack, but Medain had sent heavy, heavy infantry and an army of equal size to all Lael could muster.
The entire day, Jecaina was shouting at Lyfelt. The former [Prime Minister] was shooting off desperate communiques. But the truth was—he’d messed up.
High King Perric wrote to Jecaina privately. His exact words were ‘fortifying against Reim’s aggression that Medain might come to Jecrass’ aid’. And certainly, he was threatening Reim.
However, Warden Svinta put it best. The old woman snapped at Lyfelt as, hair a mess, he tried to explain it.
“You made him think her Majesty didn’t have the will and he swept in and took our pass! You gave him an inch, now he wants an acre!”
Jecaina feared she was right. Lyfelt spluttered.
“It—it looks bad. But he still is being more reasonable and not using Raelt against us. We have to weigh the benefits and negatives, your Majesty, Wardens.”
“As in, losing part of Jecrass? What if he does it again?”
“This is where I have to convince him that the repercussions to you would be too great, your Majesty. Give me another chance…”
Four days passed. Then, almost like they had timed it, Reim, a force with Zamea, Orthenon, and the others again, took the border fortress adjoining the first one. They had to manually fortify, but left a half-Giant and skilled [Archers]. Medain, to ‘counter their aggression’, informed Jecaina they were taking the city along the pass.
She had the choice of fighting—which Lyfelt urged her not to do so for Raelt’s sake and Perric’s ego—or evacuating it.
She did the latter. Jecaina sat in her rooms at night and stared at the pieces of Jecrass’ map that had just vanished. She realized something else at this point.
