8.08 J
Page 23
“What brings you here, your Majesty? We were in the fields, but you wished to see us? Is it…are Reim’s armies that close? Or has Lyfelt done…something?”
Nomna was clearly afraid. Jecaina tried to smile to reassure her.
“No, neither. Lyfelt has been…helpful.”
Yes, that was how she’d say it in front of his family. Nomna nodded cautiously.
“That is…good, your Majesty. We were afraid when the King of Destruction came—”
The children looked at her. Jecaina’s stomach twisted.
Give me Lyfelt and those responsible. Did he mean the families? She shook her head.
“No. I would never put you in the way of—Lyfelt has been advising me. Conducting diplomacy. I may make him a [Royal Advisor] or…something.”
She hadn’t done so yet. Nomna nodded cautiously.
“That would be something he would enjoy, I am sure.”
The way she phrased it made Jecaina hesitate.
“Surely he’s told you about his work. He hasn’t visited, but I thought he would at least write. Or is it not safe to travel? I can arrange an escort if—”
Presca made a sound. Nomna looked at Jecaina and her eyes widened.
“Lyfelt didn’t tell you? Your Majesty. We are divorced now. He left this estate as soon as we fled Belchan. I have not spoken to him in months.”
The [Queen]’s eyes widened.
 
—-
 
“I could not continue…even the [Guards] looked at us like monsters. I didn’t know. Believe me, I would have told him otherwise. Some of the people here—we don’t speak to them.”
Nomna told Jecaina all of it. She had divorced her husband in the days after the war with Jecrass began, because of what she had seen.
Divorce was not permissible in some Chandrarian nations—at least not for a woman to divorce her husband. It was in Belchan, ironically one of the laws that Lyfelt, considered rather liberal, had refused to ever alter.
In Jecrass too. But it still astonished Jecaina.
“Was that the only reason, Nomna? I’m sorry, but Lyfelt said nothing of this. And…I did not come because I suspected him of anything. But should I?”
The children had been sent away. Nomna hesitated.
“Lyfelt? I wish I could say, Jecaina. He’s not the man I thought I knew. Or perhaps he is…I can’t say. It’s just that after I saw those Gnolls—the children thought he was a monster.”
She shook her head.
“Tell me. Even if it’s a hunch, I’ll weight it with what I know. Please, Nomna.”
Jecaina urged her. The woman pursed her lips.
“If he wants to be a [Royal Advisor]—do I think he would sell out Jecrass? No. But Lyfelt is ambitious. He would never settle to be a [Senator] when he could be a [Prime Minister]. He probably thinks you’re his last avenue to safety and power after what happened. I don’t think he’d ever betray you. He was Raelt’s friend. He can be ruthless, but he doesn’t betray. Or so I thought. After I saw those Gnolls…I don’t know.”
That squared with Jecaina’s thoughts. She sat there. Another strike at Lyfelt? Perhaps, perhaps not.
“I’m in a bind, Nomna. Lyfelt is the best advisor I have—for politics. My River Wardens try, and General Lael, but…I was hoping you had some insight.”
“Me, your Majesty? I’m a [Socialite]. I can throw a party, be entertaining—not more than that! If dates were arrows, I’d be more use.”
The woman sighed. Jecaina had to chuckle. The dried dates and cheese from the rations had tasted excellent thanks to Nomna’s Skills.
“I just lack for high-level individuals, Nomna. Flos Reimarch has more levels than any two—maybe any three of my advisors. I need someone who can give me insights. Advice. I need…”
Jecaina realized she was raising her voice and blushed. She sat there, tiredly.
