8.08 J
Page 10
She thought of this in terms of dueling. Ruling, that was. She wished Raelt were here to explain more, or that she could have asked him—but without him, she was using Lyfelt’s lessons against him.
But this was simple. Lyfelt was a blade, a kind of…what, parrying dagger? Not much reach since she could order him arrested, but he had a lot of Skills that allowed him to build influence. You wanted to check that with the River Wardens, who could be a double-edged sword.
Attack and defense. But how was she to attack or defend?
 
—-
 
General Lael bowed so deeply in private that her head touched the rug.
“I failed his Highness, your Majesty. I hope you will accept my word that I did all that I could—and that I will strive for Jecrass in the future, if you allow me.”
The [Queen] waited a moment. She wanted to say…but no. Lael was a good [General]. But under-leveled compared to every foe she’d been fighting. So, she lifted her hand slowly.
Why didn’t you save my father?
“Rise, General Lael. I do not believe my father’s faith in you was misplaced. Nor do I think you will let me down.”
The formal speech still felt odd, but she was already falling into it. Lyfelt had suggested using the royal ‘we’; Jecaina felt it was pretentious.
She was trying to figure out what [Queen] she was. A reluctant one, a temporary one, she hoped.
It was strange. Lael was the woman who’d often had to clean up Jecaina’s antics, or at least, was one of the busy ‘adults’ when the [Princess] had been a [Princess]. Now, relief shone in her eyes.
Did she think I would order her executed? She had known Jecaina for—
Uncertainty ruled Jecrass. And Jecaina realized it that day.
“With your permission, [Princess], I hope you and I can speak of the realm’s defenses.”
“Let’s…can it be done while riding? Or at least, walking?”
Jecaina was sick of the war room and her throne, even with the cushion. She had never gone a day without a ride before now, or a run. She hadn’t even had time to pick up a rapier; there was no one to practice with and besides, little good she’d done.
“Of course, your Majesty. Allow me a moment to prepare an escort.”
Lael barely blinked. Thus—Jecaina learned two things. Firstly, that she would never ride around alone again. Second?
“Your Majesty, are you going for a ride? Considering the state of the nation, is that the safest—”
Lyfelt halted as the [General] looked at him.
“Her Majesty has decreed it. Former Prime Minister. I did not know you were present in the capital.”
“I am serving as advisor to the throne. Your Majesty—”
Jecaina saw Lael turn. The [General] bowed as a group of her best [Soldiers] knelt. They did that, the first time they met her. She inclined her head.
“I am going for a ride, Lyfelt.”
“I shall go w—”
Lael looked at him and Lyfelt hesitated. Jecaina felt refreshed.
General Lael had reminded her that she didn’t have to argue. The River Wardens obeyed, but they and Lyfelt had suggestions. In the presence of the [General], Lyfelt hesitated.
“I will send for you if needed upon my return, Lyfelt.”
Jecaina enjoyed seeing his expression. And soon, she was riding out of the palace.
Another experience she had not been able to achieve the last two days of her new reign.
“Where to, your Majesty?”
“Just ride, Lael. And then—around the city? Down the streets? Not far.”
Jecaina sped up to a gallop. Instantly, the [Riders] followed her. She hated that. But she let them; they were even worried she’d break her neck.
