8.08 J
Page 45
“Aca. Tell the [Court Mage] these are to be sent with highest urgency to the following. Have the [Court Mage] report to me instantly when he is done; I will have him accompany me so I can respond. And—this to the Mage’s Guild, I suppose.”
She handed missives out. Aca hurried them along. Jecaina sat back.
The Mage’s Guild was fastest as the [Court Mage] got to work. They…gave her their regrets. Wistram decided.
“Send a [Message] to Wistram, then.”
Jecaina heard back from them almost instantly. She read the reply and grimaced.
 
…Wistram Academy is not able to afford scrying [Mages] to all parties at this time…
 
A stock response. Well, it was a slight delay. Jecaina sat there. She waited, tapping a finger on the chair. She did not have to wait long.
Queen Yisame was first. Then another…another…half replied in the hour. Yisame had questions; they all did.
Fetohep had taught her how to talk to rulers. Direct, diplomatic—unyielding despite being a broken kingdom in war.
A speaking stone was arranged. A male voice, surrounded by the chatter of an entire court.
“Does this one speak to her Majesty, Queen Jecaina of Jecrass? I am Minister—”
Jecaina instantly handed the stone off to the [Court Mage]. She refused to speak to the man. After some negotiation, she heard a female voice, bemused.
“I am Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Do I speak to Queen Jecaina of Jecrass?”
“Yes, your Majesty Yisame. Thank you for speaking with me. May we converse of matters of state?”
The woman audibly hesitated. Unnerved by Jecaina’s poise, perhaps expecting a different person from what she understood.
“It is permissible, yes. Your [Message] intrigues us. We agree with reservation. How shall it be done?”
The [Queen] smiled again. She adjusted her crown and spoke. That was unimportant, really.
 
—-
 
Wistram Academy was used to fielding requests for airtime by now. They didn’t even keep track of who asked unless you were royalty or important.
And even then—Queen Jecaina, labeled as ‘Princess Jecaina’ was shuffled to the bottom of a list a bored [Mage] was keeping.
There were more important things to do! A schedule to keep! No one had time for your little parade or—
“Excuse me, High Magus—we just received word that Queen Yisame is requesting a scrying mage? From Nerrhavia? She can supply the image herself, actually.”
The High Mage sat up.
“Nerrhavia’s Fallen? You verified, of course?”
“Um…”
Now this was what his job was for. He sent a quick [Message] to the team working Pallass News Network that they might need to adjust their broadcast. Of course, even Yisame had to wait, but Wistram treated with her carefully…
“High Magus! The King of Destruction is demanding a scrying mage!”
The High Mage promptly forgot about Yisame. He spun.
“Is there a war? A battle? Is he just bored again?”
“He says it’s a matter of state! He wants the one with him to begin broadcasting on the hour!”
“Queen Yisame—”
“Tell her to wait. Er—that we cannot accommodate her now.”
The [High Mage] was sweating. He hurried over to the [Mage] taking the [Messages]. But the first one called out.
“No, High Magus. The King of Destruction is saying that Queen Yisame and he both want another [Mage] in…Jecrass.”
Now the High Magus slowed. He turned and pointed a wand at his head.
“[Amplify Hearing]. What did you say?”
The [Mage] held out the [Messages] helplessly.
“Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen in conjunction with the King of Destruction demand that scrying mages be sent to the following kingdoms and rulers…”
