8.08 J
Page 0

(Flowers of Esthelm, Book 3 of The Wandering Inn is coming out on audible! Click the link here to preorder it! Spread the word!)
 
It was still war. It was always war. And now—in the thick of the third war in as many months, they were beginning to remember.
King of Destruction.
He had lost a battle versus the House of Minos, and stalled in his Jecrass-Belchan offensive, even if Belchan was functionally no more.
Yes, every nation within two hundred miles had declared war. Yes, all of Reim and the King of Destruction’s empire were now embattled, from the newly-held Belchan regions to Reim itself, under threat from Nerrhavia’s hordes.
And still, the King of Destruction fought. War was endemic to his kingdom. And he thrived on it.
History taught lessons. And the [Historians] warned—it was repeating itself. Not in the same ways; the young [King] Flos Reimarch had never fought so widely at first. His had been a slow progression.
But the adult [King] had the Skills to at least force this war to drag out.
Nerrhavia was the first to realize the error in assuming his single defeat had spelled the end. They had invaded, practically overrunning the border with three hundred thousand foot and countless chariots led by the Silk caste.
They had then slowed their advance as Reim’s capital unleashed the thunderbolt defenses installed by Drevish. Similarly—the King of Destruction was pulling back his armies. He left Orthenon in the north, divided his command between Zamea, the Rustängmarder, Mars—
Gazi the Omniscient was noticeably absent, but everyone knew she would be slaying [Spies] and [Infiltrators] behind the scenes rather than leading from the front. And even the ‘lesser’ vassals like Venith and Maresar Crusland were a fearsome duo capable of stalemating a [General] or even routing an army of equal size with their battle experience and levels.
However, Reim was on the defensive. However, however?
His enemies ran out of time.
 
—-
 
At a pitched battle between Nerrhavia’s great hammer, they finally unleashed their true might in an effort to rout an army led by Venith and Maresar, which had struck and retreated time and time again to the aegis of the capital. The rapid speed of their movements had stymied even Nerrhavia’s infamous war chariots.
No more! Nerrhavia’s Queen Yisame brought forth one of Nerrhavia’s great assets she had not even used against Tiqr.
[Summoners]. The Will of Yisame was not a formal Unit; it was renamed after each ruler, but it was the kind of army only Nerrhavia could field.
Ten thousand [Summoners] of the Stitch-Folk, each who conjured warriors ranging from Silver-rank to even Gold-rank. Expendable warriors who could appear, fight, and die, along with [Sand Mages] who raised gigantic Sand Golems.
Countless chariots cut left and right, cutting off the [Bandit Lord], Maresar, who could normally pull back the army from such an attack. Venith Crusland fought in the vanguard, refusing to yield as countless foot soldiers of the Hemp-caste moved in, trying to drown Reim’s forces by the sheer press of bodies, fearless of blades.
It seemed even Reim’s forces would waver and break when he appeared. From the north, the King of Destruction raced into battle with less than two thousand [Riders], having come all the way from Jecrass, knowing Nerrhavia would be the greatest foe at this moment.
His arrival brought morale to Reim’s forces, but surely he would have been barely able to make a dent—let alone reach the encircled army. That was when the King of Destruction bellowed his Skill.
“[Army of the King]!”
