8.08 J
Page 36
But he heard in her voice a mortal horror. It had been so long since he, Fetohep, had fought his first battles that he struggled to empathize.
Sympathy was easier.
“I—I could not fight. They call me Daughter of Duels, but I’m not my father. He could fight—I would be trampled or captured.”
“There is wisdom in that. A [General] or [Ruler]’s fall means the end of nation or army. Does your General Lael take to the front?”
Fetohep found this conversation more…personal. Probably because she was drunk. Jecaina had no one to speak to she would not dismay in the palace. She made a sound through the speaking stone. Perhaps a snort? Fetohep did not need to breathe.
“I should be ashamed. I am. My father taught me how to duel. How to fight and I thr—I couldn’t even watch the battle without flinching. I’m not a [Warrior]. I’m just…”
 
—-
 
Jecaina heard the voice reply calmly. She was just ranting, complaining. But the undead ruler’s words were…
“It is not shameful to decry war, Queen Jecaina. Great heroes of battle have often done so afterwards.”
“But I am a [Duelist]! I couldn’t even watch as they—”
The sight of blood and death filled her mind. And again, Fetohep’s response was reasoned. Even helpful.
“You were taught to wield a blade like a craftsman a tool. Did your father teach you to respect your opponent, to learn, to be humble and enjoy a sport where blood is not the goal—or did he teach you to kill?”
Jecaina stopped, lips on the wine bottle’s mouth. She lowered it.
There was truth. That battle had not been glorious, a display of arms. It had just been slaughter. If there had been anything that it gave—a sense of victory, honor—she might have rationalized it.
All she had seen was bodies piling up to delay the battle another day. She said as much and Fetohep agreed.
“Jecrass did not have the might to hold back the Nomads of the Sky or Reim’s forces. If they wish to force Reim back, more strength is needed.”
The implication that she didn’t know stung her. Jecaina snapped back.
“We’re trying. I have River Wardens reforming the [Trick Riders]—we will have Bicorn and Pegasus riders soon—”
She realized too late that she had given secret war information out. Jecaina was horrified, until she heard a sigh.
“A laudable notion if Jecrass were at peace with no war threatening for two or more years. Not the decision I would have come to in the interim, your Majesty.”
“What? What?”
She put a hand to her head. The world was spinning—she looked around.
“But we need [Trick Riders]. The war cannot be won without elite forces.”
“And will this initiative provide them?”
“Of course it will!”
Jecaina fumbled with a cork. She took a swig, gagged—Fetohep made a slight sound. Taptap—was he tapping his fingers on something metallic?
“Let me rephrase my statement, Queen Leysars. Will this initiative by your River Warden provide [Trick Riders] in sixteen days? Or sixteen months? Unless you have a River Warden of outstanding talent in elevating new [Soldiers], your revitalization of Jecrass’ ‘elite’ will take too long.”
The Queen stared at the speaking stone. And she sobered up. The potion in her hands, placed there by Aca to do just that, nearly spilled onto her bed before she stoppered it.
“But we need them.”
“Certainly. But they will not arrive in time to end this war. So, if that was the goal, Princess Leysars, it was in error.”
A cold flash struck her. She knew that was also correct. Warden Mulre had been so convincing, though…
“Similarly, Pegasi and Bicorns have breeding times which will eclipse the end of the war by months, even if they are already impregnated.”
