8.08 J
Page 52
She didn’t say it just yet. She just sat there. The best option, after all, was the most expedient. But how bitter.
She had felt like a [Queen] there, just for a moment. And then…
Lyfelt was dead.
She had not televised that. She had not made a spectacle of it. She had asked him and he had taken poison. She had not watched, but been told when he passed.
And she had wept for him. She had wept for her memory of the man. That it had come to this.
But it had been…justice. As just as she could give him.
Fetohep had called her, afterwards—well, all of the rulers did, except for Orjin. To congratulate, talk—even the King of Destruction had asked her to reconsider and join him.
Oh, fleeting glory. But Fetohep had made her feel proud.
“Well done, Queen Leysars. I did not suggest such an event.”
“You inspired me, King Fetohep.”
“But you have remade history on your own. For that—I express my candid admiration. May you reign well.”
And they both knew what was coming. Jecaina had fixed her hair. She doubted Yisame would…
If only. She wanted to be [Queen]! That was why. Jecaina had felt the level up building in her very marrow. But she hadn’t slept. Not with Lyfelt. Not with…
It mattered not. Tomorrow, she would find out what she was. Today, she greeted the dawn. If only. She thought of the one king she would have ever…but she meant what she said.
Not even Fetohep would rule her. Could not, if she was who she was. Could Jecaina be a [Princess] again?
What would her father do? She stood there a moment. Then, she had an idea. It came down to her as she beheld Jecrass, green lands, the rivers, and in the distance, the smoke of approaching war. As she thought of the Herdmistress, the lack of time—
Her conversations, the other rulers. The [Queen] of thirty days turned as Aca approached, pale.
“Your Majesty? Yisame is waiting.”
“Tell her to wait a moment longer. I have one last…”
Queen Jecaina spoke one last time. Then she spoke to Queen Yisame. And delivered the bad news.
 
—-
 
Chandrar was still buzzing from the notable meeting of leaders. ‘The Deliberation of Belchan’ was the working title that Pallass News Network was going with.
So there were eyes in place to see. The first word of it was the weather, fittingly enough.
A sandstorm blew over the land. So vast that it kept everyone indoors. Even Flos Reimarch, King of Destruction, wouldn’t fight in that kind of weather.
He was supping with Teres for lunch, waiting on word from Orthenon—even he would probably halt to take Jecrass’ capital. Flos Reimarch was moody; he had ordered the [Steward] not to kill the Queen of Jecrass, but her words had bothered him.
“Your Majesty!”
Mars herself tore open the tent flaps. Flos looked up and was on his feet with sword in hand in a moment.
“A sandstorm attack?”
They were clashing with Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Teres had her sword out nearly as quick. Mars strode over to him.
“No. Worse. Flos…”
She spoke. Teres heard a ringing in her ears. That couldn’t be true. It just…
The King of Destruction stood there, eyes wide. He looked at Mars. And then he exclaimed.
“Of all the ways and things I imagined—is this the end of my kingdom?”
 
—-
 
The first sighting of them was the border of the Shield Kingdom of Germina. [Scouts], the few of them on this border, more watching the Great Desert, were hunkering from the storm, but watchful for tricks.
