8.08 J
Page 8
Lyfelt hesitated as Jecaina exhaled slowly. She knew she had just gone blank to his emotion-reading Skills. Or she hoped she had. Similarly…she felt more goodwill towards him, nostalgia for the past, oozing out of her feet.
He’d been charming her already! Jecaina was furious. But she smiled.
“I feel like I’m already becoming a…[Queen], thanks to you, Lyfelt. And I do need help. Thank you. Can I count on you to help me? Tell me—discreetly—if I make a mistake, or about how to do…everything?”
The former [Prime Minister] hesitated, eyes searching her quickly, then beamed.
“I consider it a point of honor, Jecaina.”
I bet you do. She hadn’t missed how he was now calling her Jecaina.
The [Duelist Princess] had never liked or wanted to rule. She had flirted with her lessons, happily gallivanted around. But the war and watching her father had given her some maturity. More than that? Well—Lyfelt had made two mistakes.
The first was thinking she was overwhelmed and helpless. The second was in forgetting that she knew him. Skills that worked on emotion didn’t work the more you applied them. So, Jecaina was frightened and upset and grieving.
But she smiled and asked Lyfelt to help her. That was her first real move as [Queen]. Checkmate.
Actually, Jecaina didn’t play chess. But she had once ‘beaten’ her father by flipping the board. And she was pretty sure that might work on Lyfelt.
 
—-
 
Being a [Queen] was something that involved so many things no one told you about. Because a monarch could rely on vassals or helpers, yes.
But when things went south, or you needed to replace, hire, or train them? You had to at least know what was missing.
Jecaina was already glad on the second day that she hadn’t stabbed Lyfelt. She announced him as her advisor, much to the River Warden’s skepticism and dismay. They had not forgotten either.
However, Lyfelt was similarly dismayed that she had not made him [Steward], or [Administrator], or a dozen other classes she had fielded.
“But Lyfelt—I think of you as Belchan’s [Prime Minister]. And I fully intend to restore you to your lands if possible.”
He had grinned weakly at that.
“I believe my…tenure is over, either way, Jecaina. But let’s put that aside for now, I suppose. You can always announce it tomorrow…about your Skill. It’s not, er, the best. But it fits a temporary class. And it is useful here.”
That was one of the things he helped her with. He knew Skills and had quickly identified the nature of hers. It was obvious from the title, really, but—
“Let’s see. ‘[Desperate Rallying] allows for an embattled group to quickly rush to the aid of forces under siege or attack in fractions of the time taken. The highest-level version of the Skill identified was a Level 60 [General of Defense], General Noln of the Argoth Alliance, who could reach a city-state in hours where the march would normally take over a day at top speed.”
He had a book—one of Belchan’s treasures, which, like the Book of Levels, detailed Skills and records. Jecaina nodded.
“I should tell General Lael. That means we can shift Jecrass’ forces from spot to spot—not [Archers] since they’ll still be outside the walls. But we can keep a mounted force with her ready, perhaps.”
“War is not my purview. But that is quite nice. Perhaps we should announce it? To boost morale?”
Jecaina looked at Lyfelt.
“No. That…does not sound strategically advantageous, Lyfelt.”
