8.08 J
Page 17
His Majesty, Raelt Leysars, is prisoner to our authority at this moment. His safety and health are assured so long upon our honor as High King of Medain, Protectorate of Venom, Guardian of…
 
She skipped down a bit.
 
…Jecrass will continue its war with the King of Destruction and refrain from engaging with Medain’s forces. Pending a signed contract of nonaggression, open borders to allow access of Medain’s armies, and a tribute of…
 
“Tribute?”
She cried out. Perric’s second demand held short of Jecrass’ entire surrender. But he wanted too much.
Jecrass would effectively have to go to war with Reim, allow Medain to march through its borders, and promise not to attack as well as provide a tribute to Medain—all to ‘assure King Raelt’s health’.
“He’s threatening to torture or execute father if I don’t.”
She turned to Lyfelt. Her blood ran hot and cold, with rage and fear for Raelt’s safety.
Lyfelt was tapping his fingers together rapidly as he thought. The River Wardens—the inner circle of three—were listening intently. They were ready to kill something…but Perric had them.
It was the [Prime Minister] who had the diplomatic suggestion. Jecaina hated it the moment it left his mouth.
“I would suggest crafting a reply from her Majesty. Asking…pleading with the High King to reconsider the terms of the agreement.”
She looked at him.
“Pleading, Lyfelt?”
He both smiled and spread his hands wide.
“Not you, personally, Jecaina. I would be happy to write it myself. But…let’s see. A personal missive, with your signature, informing High King Perric that you cannot agree to the entirety of the terms, but offering some compromise. That’s what he wants. He knows this is onerous, but—”
“Pleading. Me?”
Jecaina’s temper flared. Lyfelt tried to soothe her, but River Warden Svinta was also furious.
“A woman of Jecrass—let alone our ruler—does not beg! Especially to foreign powers who kidnapped her! Is that what you are suggesting, Prime Minister?”
She was halfway to drawing her long dagger on him. Lyfelt backed up quickly.
“River Warden Svinta, Queen Jecaina, consider the diplomacy of it. High King Perric is…predictable.”
Jecaina held herself back from snapping. She made Svinta sit down and Lyfelt explained.
“I know High King Perric. I’ve met the man. He does not think…the world of women. He might—and this is me using my Skill [Take His Perspective] in view…”
His eyes flickered.
“Yes. High King Perric might well assume he can lean on Princess Jecaina. He would believe that the River Wardens have authority, and that he can use Jecrass as a shield against Reim’s aggressions. Is it not worth encouraging that perception?”
“You want me to pretend I’m a child he can bully into doing what he wants.”
Jecaina said through pale lips. Lyfelt waved a finger.
“It’s manipulating him, your Majesty. Jecrass can make sure King Raelt is safe as well as prevent Medain from being overly aggressive. If he thinks you are pliable…”
“You are speaking to the Queen of Jecrass! Is her authority worth nothing, man? Should Jecrass pretend its ruler is a weak-willed woman?”
Warden Mulre leapt to his feet, face-flushed. Jecaina sat there, vibrating with anger, as Lyfelt began to argue. Warden Elaire on the other hand, was quiet.
She voiced her support for Lyfelt and then it was split. Well, not including Jecaina. She did not know what to do. She hated it. But after a night of thinking, she told Lyfelt to craft the [Message]. She was barely able to read it, but she sent it and Medain became…more accommodating.
 
—-
 
