8.08 J
Page 42
Ironically, he hated the idea. Because, the [Prime Minister] pointed out, this meant war. Medain would now be going for Jecrass’ capital to end the two-pronged conflict.
Sure enough, more armies began coming down the pass and Jecaina amended her policy to fight both Medain and Reim. At least Reim and Medain were now battling it out. But was she in a better place?
Perhaps. Because the King of Destruction used his [Army of the King] and sent the southern battle lines into an uproar. He crushed Medain’s army on the Belchan front with his [Steward].
And a month later, Jecaina was still [Queen]. When even Fetohep had predicted Jecrass would be destroyed.
But they were still giving ground—fighting—people dying. Jecaina felt thirty years older, not thirty days.
 
—-
 
The [Queen] of thirty days was also looking forwards to Level 30. She understood her class was temporary—so too might be her Skills.
If she became a [Princess], she might change her Skills and certainly her class. If she became…[Queen]…she would keep it.
Level 30 might give her a Skill worthy of fighting back Reim and Medain. It might.
But in truth, she knew her father had hit Level 30—had changed to a new class and still he had failed to stop Reim alone.
The war continued, and she held on. She did better than anyone could have dreamed, but not because she was that brilliant.
Rather, Jecaina had learned a truth known to only a few people. Trey Atwood being one of them. And it was this: Fetohep of Khelt had excellent advice.
Not just ‘good advice’. He wasn’t just ‘smart’, but a six hundred year old ruler. When he gave you a battle tactic, or idea, he had seen it work or fail. He had the best advice she could hope for, and his little flourishes had turned ideas her advisors had into workable plans. No single grain of wisdom was an enchanted arrow—but they added up.
He was so helpful. And she had begun to respect the King of Khelt, who was clearly bored as could be. She had, in fact, talked with him more than even Trey Atwood at this point.
That was why Jecaina knew Jecrass was still going to lose. Advice was helpful. But it still didn’t stop Zamea from swinging her axe. The King’s Steward was still leading his forces and he was using his Skills.
A strange calm had descended over the palace. One of the bastions along the River Celed had fallen and River Warden Mulre was defending his lands.
Another defeat in a litany of defeats. But then, why was the [Queen] smiling?
It was not a happy smile. But the [Servants], racing about to placate the angry or distraught, stopped. The River Wardens halted in their urgent war council.
“You are dismissed for the day. I know what must be done.”
They opened their mouths to argue—and looked at their [Queen]. Lyfelt was the only one who voiced a protest. Perhaps because familiarity had blinded him.
Queen Jecaina sat on her throne. The speaking stone next to her. A voice began speaking the moment she turned it on.
“Ah, Jecaina. Good. I was reviewing the last battle. General Lael did her best, but it seemed to me on the eighth replay of the battle that a few elements could stand to be improved. Are you familiar with the Cavel Charge formation? That, and if you changed the placement of your fortifications…”
“Fetohep. Thank you, but it won’t be necessary.”
In his throne room, the King of Khelt was offended.
“Do you intend to cede more ground, Jecaina? Or is my advice no longer necessary?”
He huffed. Jecaina smiled. And it was in her voice.
