8.08 J
Page 29
He was huddled up, raising his hands as if it would stop her. She could run him through. The [Queen] swayed.
It wasn’t fair. He had no skill at arms, or even a weapon. Drunk—she could murder him. And it would be murder, wouldn’t it?
Lyfelt had done nothing.
“I didn’t know. I didn’t know—I swear. I’ve had nightmares, Jecaina. Please—put down the sword.”
He begged. Jecaina stood there.
“It was your nation. Those poor Gnolls…Flos would kill you.”
“I know. And is that fair? I…I might need to be judged. I admit that, your Majesty. But is now the time?”
Lyfelt dared peek as Jecaina lowered her sword to the carpet. She sat back down and stared at her cup. She felt too sick to drink more. She wanted to, to embrace oblivion. But she had a duty to—she pushed the cup away.
“Why didn’t my father do it?”
“He was too close. He and I were friends. He told me he would rule—after the war ended. But he didn’t hand me over to die. A poorer man might have. But your father was a great man. A great ruler. He was exceptional…”
“No, he wasn’t.”
Jecaina muttered it. Lyfelt didn’t hear her. But Jecaina sat there with the drink giving her a kind of weird clarity. Raelt Leysars had not been a great [King].
He had been a good man. A decent [King] who kept his kingdom running. But a great [King] was one who did extraordinary things. Raelt, her father—was a great [Duelist].
Not a great [King]. She looked at Lyfelt, whom Raelt had protected even though it meant war, even though people had died and there was blood on his hands. The [Prime Minister] fled. Jecaina realized that he was her father’s mistake.
It hurt, terribly, to know your father wasn’t perfect. She wasn’t even his blood-daughter, but she had always…
The [Queen]’s head lolled and she slept.
She did not level.
 
—-
 
She did not hand Lyfelt over when she woke. She pretended not to remember and Lyfelt was only too keen not to remind her.
Was it foolishness? Yes. Probably. But Jecaina…her father’s will was hard to overturn.
More than that, it was her failing. She did not like feeling as though Flos was pressuring her into handing over innocent people to die to end the war.
Perhaps she had to. But on the day after her drunken outburst, she sat, hung over on her throne and too embarrassed to ask for a cure.
Aca brought it for her and Jecaina would have kissed the [Housemistress] if everyone wasn’t…
Well, they actually weren’t here. Lyfelt was keeping well away, and the River Wardens were busy in defense of the realm.
She had to do something. But an unusual event presented itself because of her outburst.
“Some [Messages] for you to review, your Majesty. If you wish it.”
“Bring them to me.”
Normally Lyfelt handled diplomacy and sorted through [Messages]. This time, Jecaina wanted to see Perric’s next demand-request, or…
You might assume that the great and powerful did not get trivial [Messages]. You would be wrong.
 
To Her Majesty Jecaina of Jecrass, I represent the Viole Company, Battle of Brilend, War of Onerous Aggression (Hellios, Germina), and I am offering my services to you with my entire company, subject to a modest retainer of…
 
…healing potions and other wares directly available to you in large quantities if you will provide transport from the port of…
 
…fifteen thousand [Mercenaries] at your disposal! This is a limited-time offer for both of us, so act now and—
 
Discount on arrows! I’m offering a 16% discount for the brave soldiers of Jecrass and the King of Duels’ legacy—
 
…your hand in marriage. I can provide my protection for…
 
