8.08 J
Page 41
“How so?”
Jecaina fumbled for a piece of paper as Fetohep smiled. Well, he was always smiling—but this time he meant it.
 
—-
 
The Glorious Army of Medain roused themselves to take another piece of land the next day. They had been bored; marching in, seizing cities, demanding their surrender…but the Queen of Jecrass, who was rumored to lack any of her father’s spine, had wisely not provoked Medain as of yet.
Aside from skirmishes, perhaps ordered by the damned River Wardens and the sand-[Archers], no large-scale conflict had taken place.
Of course, the [General] knew it was going to happen at some point. Jecrass, or Reim. Jecrass was weak so it wouldn’t be more than 1-3 battles. But Reim? He was sweating fighting the half-Giants, [Mages], and the Steward, but High King Perric had engaged Reim on Belchan’s front so if it came to that, Medain would bring the hammer down.
The next city they came to would fall like the first. A [Messenger] was sent bearing the flag.
“Surrender to the Kingdom of Medain or face the consequences! High King Perric seizes this city!”
The man roared up at the walls. The defenders—what few of them remained, Jecrass having apparently abandoned the place and run with their tails between their legs again—shouted back. The [General], having a drink in the summer’s heat, heard them shout back.
“…But we’ve already surrendered!”
“What?”
The [Messenger] stared up at the walls. The [General]’s head snapped around. Had another part of his army—his cheeks bulged and he spat out his wine.
Reim’s flags were on the walls. The people within shouted that Reim had already taken this city.
“Do we take it, sir? It doesn’t look garrisoned—they might have known we were coming.”
“Hold—we have orders not to battle Reim until we take the capital or his Majesty orders. Move…”
The [General] was cursing. He decided to take another stronghold and sent [Riders] ahead to force the surrender.
That city was already Reim’s. And the next…Medain’s army came to a standstill as the [General] realized that Reim had swept in and taken every border settlement. Medain’s army was effectively surrounded by land now held by Reim, not Jecrass.
“How did it come to this?”
He sent urgent word to the capital as he sent more [Scouts] ahead. What he found made a pit open in his stomach.
Jecrass’ forces were in full retreat across the border to the capital. Reim was advancing non-stop and apparently, Queen Jecaina was considering surrender. To Reim!
They must have lost a huge battle. If they took Jecrass—
The capital had the same thought as the [General]. They had to take Jecrass first! Medain’s army changed directions.
They ploughed straight into Reim’s battle lines to slow Zamea’s advance while more armies were mustered and sent to end the war.
 
—-
 
The first clash between Medain and Reim in Jecrass probably surprised the hell out of Shepherd Zamea, leading the forces there. But she must have concluded Medain was ready to fight at last.
Jecaina was mostly surprised the ruse worked. What if Medain called the bluff? What if they realized those were stolen flags, or just decided to take the cities?
“A man or woman roused to haste makes mistakes never borne in slow certainty.”
Fetohep explained it to her in another of his platitudes. The fact that Jecrass would pretend to be defeated—the audacity had sold the lie as much as anything. Moreover, it was here that Lyfelt’s posturing as Jecaina had actually paid off.
