8.08 J
Page 43
“It is not necessary, Fetohep. Because it is over. Your advice has prolonged this war. But I am only fighting Zamea. More of Medain’s forces arrive day by day. You helped me fight Reim and Medain. But I will never win.”
“If you reach Level 30—”
“I will be twenty levels behind the King’s Steward. And still behind Perric. This war was lost, even had you personally commanded my armies and I followed your every word from day one.”
He was silent. This time, the young woman told him the truth. At last, he sat back and thought about the thirty days that had passed.
“It is a strange thing. But we began talking and I suppose I began offering comments, from monarch to monarch.”
“Yes. Fetohep—Jecrass is dying.”
He knew that too. But why did it pain him, all of a sudden? Nations rose and fell. Jecaina spoke, abruptly.
“Fetohep of Khelt. I speak to you not as Jecaina. But as Queen Leysars of Jecrass.”
He did not sit up; his posture was perfect. But Fetohep focused on her voice.
“Then we greet you as Fetohep of Khelt.”
She nodded. As he had taught her, she spoke smoothly. Ruler to ruler. A month ago, she had been a [Princess]. Raelt’s child.
“In the name of the Realm of Jecrass, I thank you for your support. I will not forget what you have done for Jecrass. And yet, my kingdom is ending. And I am not my father. Fetohep of Khelt, I see few routes into the future that do not end in the deaths of countless people, fighting to the last. Tell me. What would it cost for Jecrass to summon Khelt to war?”
He froze on his throne. In distant Khelt, Fetohep’s golden eyes burned. He turned his head—and for a second, the warriors living in death stirred at their posts.
For a moment. Then, Fetohep sat back. And his answer was the same.
“…I regret, Queen of Jecrass, that Khelt does not—that is to say—we do not go to war for foreign interests. Only for Khelt’s safety. Thus it has been and ever is.”
“I see.”
Jecaina nodded. It was not the first time she had asked. It was an obvious thought.
But it was the last time she would ask. She had hoped…but she knew Fetohep by now. She smiled.
“Then, Fetohep, I fear I must make my decision.”
“Reconsider, Queen Jecaina. Whatever you plan, always think in calmness.”
He urged her. Fetohep drummed his fingers on the armrest of his throne. Such a strange, living gesture.
“If Jecrass should fall—it is not the end. A captive people can still rally. Vassalization is likewise not the end. If the war drags on, your advisor may be right that Medain will sign a peace treaty for the gains it already has. And ultimately—should the throne fall—I offer you sanctuary in Khelt.”
It was Jecaina’s turn for her eyes to open wide.
“You mean it, Fetohep?”
He had not conceived it a moment ago, but in the second he spoke, Fetohep was sure.
“Yes. Does Jecrass fall, I offer you the safety of Khelt no matter who might follow. Merely cross my borders and you will be safe as long as Khelt endures. That is the promise of Khelt’s ruler.”
She exhaled. He meant it. If the King of Destruction brought an army and demanded her…
But only Khelt. So she smiled and thanked him.
“You are kind, Fetohep. It seems at this point the wisest thing to do is…kneel. To Medain, Reim, Nerrhavia, even.”
“Sometimes one must. Khelt has knelt.”
“Yes. So why can I not?”
The [Queen] stood up. She carried her speaking stone through her palace, talking lightly, walking, nodding at [Servants] who bowed, and watched her. She came to a hallway where the sun was visible, where a [King] used to toss oranges on people’s heads. She lingered there, a moment.
