8.08 J
Page 56
All the golden pennies dropped. Perric looked at Jecaina, in the distance. At Fetohep, who had come here on the ‘business of Khelt’. Defending his…
“You whore! You sold yourself to that undead thing?”
He howled at Jecaina, and he was lucky his voice was not audible to Fetohep. Perric, High King, raged.
And he was once again wrong. He was right in a small way. For a small man with no imagination.
For look—
Here was the [Queen] of Jecrass. Jecaina rode at the head of her army as they looked at her. But she was…
[Queen of Covenant]. And she was still a [Queen]. No longer temporary.
Perric did not understand. But Jecaina did. It was so simple. She stared across the new border between Jecrass and Khelt.
She had sworn not to kneel to anyone, even in vassalage. And she had found a way to refrain from doing just that.
The funny thing was that she didn’t even need to marry Fetohep. As funny as that might have been—no. The King of Khelt was a practical undead.
“You sold him Jecrass?”
Warden Svinta looked like she wanted to faint as the heralds finally shouted the news for all to hear. Jecaina turned her head. Was that the People of Zair in the distance?
“A fourth of it. Maybe a bit more.”
“To the undead?”
“To the only kingdom who would guarantee Jecrass’ autonomy, Svinta. And who could bring Medain to heel now.”
The High King was bellowing insults at her. Right up until one of the bone giants hurled a javelin. It soared high, high—everyone’s heads turned up to watch.
It landed among Medain’s army and exploded. Jecaina blinked.
“Advance. Let us see if Gold-rank means anything in this day.”
Fetohep’s legions began to charge. Medain’s combined armies wavered—and began to retreat.
Jecaina was grinning madly as Medain’s forces raced for the pass, abandoning…everything. She would speak to Fetohep soon, but he had sworn to return her father to her.
Return her father, protect Jecrass from Reim and Medain. That was the cost of a fourth of Jecrass. And…
“You have sold our lands, the lands we were born on, Queen of Jecrass!”
Herdmistress Geraeri realized it first. The People of Zair had wisely moved out of the way of Khelt’s armies, but they couldn’t miss where Fetohep was claiming ground. Jecaina nodded at her.
“Firstly, you are nomads, Herdmistress. Your people move from place to place. You told me that yourself.”
“We have lived there for decades!”
“And you may still. If Fetohep of Khelt allows you. I would not anger him, by the way. For all the People of Zair’s might. And he might allow you to stay.”
It was part of the proclamation being put out. The people of Jecrass who lived in the lands under Fetohep would be allowed to stay if they wished it. But they would be people of Khelt. Fetohep would rule them—and he would rule this place. The rivers he now controlled meant Khelt would never go thirsty again. And if he established his undead dominion…who would take it from him?
On the day nearly forty days after taking her crown, the world was reminded of the nation of death, Khelt. They stared at the first expansion to the kingdom since most could remember.
Undead. On this day, Khelt declared war on Medain and began to invade, to rescue the King of Jecrass, while claiming—no, fortifying the land they had been sold by Jecrass.
As for the [Queen]? She was [Queen of Covenant], Jecaina Leysars. Queen of Jecrass.
They had known her as Princess Jecaina, the [Duelist Princess].
They had called her the Daughter of Duels.
Now, they called her the Arbiter Queen of Jecrass.
Death’s Friend.
 
 
 
 
