8.08 J
Page 12
“Candidly, your Majesty, Jecrass alone would have struggled to repel Medain at full-strength. Now, we face a war on two fronts and nigh a third of our lands are embattled. Reim’s forces fell back, but it is essentially a warfront on the western edges. The only thing stopping him from taking the capital is the fact that every nation has declared war on him. Medain may well be wary of him…but not us.”
The [Queen] nodded. That was how it was.
 
—-
 
Lael’s suggestions were simple and to the point. Upon her return, Jecaina ordered more fortifications built at every fortress or city, creating a new line of defenses. Put the [Archers] behind walls, and keep a large, mobile force, the remainder of Jecrass’ army, to rush to a battle.
For now, that was all they could do. What she was mostly concerned with were the gaps in her knowledge.
“The treasury will last Jecrass quite a while, your Majesty. I was going to speak to you about delaying the [Soldiers]’ pay…”
She whirled on Warden Svinta and the others. Lyfelt was jostling for a chance to speak.
“And no one thought to bring up the treasury with me?”
“Your Majesty is in command of us.”
The River Wardens bowed. Lyfelt nodded.
“And any expenditures haven’t been necessary so far, J—my Queen. If you wished to spend money…”
Jecaina was annoyed because the assumption was she would discuss it with them before wasting money. But the truth was that Raelt had not spent the massive sums Yisame and the other nations had gifted him; he’d stockpiled as much as he’d spent.
Gold, more than Jecrass had, ever really had, sat in the treasury or was vouched for with the Merchant’s Guild. Not enough to hire an entire army; more than enough to continue a losing war with.
“Why would we hold the [Soldier]’s pay?”
“It is traditional, your Majesty, to ensure [Soldiers] do not desert if they are in arrears several months.”
Warden Svinta said smoothly. Lyfelt nodded behind her. Jecaina looked at General Lael. The woman grimaced.
“Your Majesty, we have not had large-scale desertions thus far. The army is loyal to Jecrass; this is their homeland. Holding back pay might decrease morale.”
Jecaina nodded.
“I don’t see any reason to hang onto their pay, River Wardens. Lyfelt.”
“But your Majesty—”
“Enough.”
She said it and they fell silent. Maybe because Lael was standing there—but Jecaina felt good. She took a breath.
“Enough. I have made my decision.”
They looked at her. Lyfelt looked peeved, the River Wardens hesitated. But they did bow their heads. Lael nodded at Jecaina and the [Queen] exhaled.
A small victory, enough to make her think she could actually do this.
 
[Queen (Temporary) Level 27!]
 
No Skill that night. But it was already a fast level—faster than Jecaina had in the last six years! That encouraged her too, that what she was doing was right.
The next day, the King of Destruction rode on Jecrass with an army.
 
—-
 
“I wish to speak with Jecaina Leysars of Jecrass!”
He roared from the head of an army of eighteen thousand. A paltry number compared to what he had been fielding; but General Lael and her entire army—what was left of it—stood ready to meet him.
Around sixty thousand, the rest spread to garrisons. Again, Jecrass had been depleted. Even so, they might turn him back…
But the Steward held Belchan, and Zamea stood with the King of Destruction. The rest of his forces were moving south at speed.
Yet he was here. Jecrass’ army wavered, but the King of Destruction had come under the flag of truce. And he wanted to talk to Jecaina.
“It might be a trap, your Majesty. Allow one of us to negotiate—”
