8.08 J
Page 6
“Queen Jecaina, that is.”
“Don’t call me that. You knew me since I was a girl. You were…”
Jecaina blinked at Lyfelt. It was so good to see someone who was friendly, that she knew personally. At the same time…
He was the reason Flos had gone to war. Jecaina warred with two feelings and put one aside. Geril was dead. And he and her father were the first people she would have turned to. Without them…
“It was my fault, Lyfelt.”
She looked down at the empty plate. A servant put another one in front of her. Lyfelt shook his head.
“Don’t say that. It was High King Perric’s doing. That shady rat—he was always conniving, but this? If it wasn’t for the King of Destruction, all of Chandrar would be declaring war on him. He’s clever…but we’ll get your father back, don’t you worry. Even Perric isn’t stupid enough to execute a [King].”
That was Lyfelt for you. Even when insulting someone, he used their title. Raelt and Lyfelt had been old friends. Jecaina had thought little of it except that she liked to visit Belchan and had thought Lyfelt much more ‘fun’ than her father, if far less good with a sword—not at all, really.
But she had heard Raelt sometimes remark that Lyfelt could teach the Nagas something about cold-blood—that was when they argued. And she had seen…
“So you’re here to check on me? Help?”
Lyfelt smiled with genuine warmth as he rested his hands on the table. That was a [Prime Minister] for you—she supposed he might have his class if Belchan still existed, but even if not—he was the most charming man she had ever known. But she had grown up knowing him.
“My dear, oops, your Highness, again—”
He paused a second. This time, Jecaina didn’t correct him.
“—I thought you’d be lost, coming into the crown. Your father was, although he found his peace—but there wasn’t a war going on. The River Wardens thrust you into the crown because they had no idea what to do. Otherwise, they’d fight like pack rats over it.”
True enough. Jecaina nodded.
“They knelt to me. I thought they’d do just that. But they just asked me what to do.”
“Really? What did they say? They crowned you, met in the throne room—I anticipated that, then…?”
“We came here and talked about the war.”
Jecaina recounted the last few hours to Lyfelt. He nodded, drumming his fingers on the table.
“Sensible moves. They’re worried. Your father must have inspired them or they realize the real threat if they’re not trying to seize power. They might, in time. If they think Jecrass is doomed, they’ll surrender to whoever is most advantageous and try to keep their power.”
He spoke earnestly and quickly. Jecaina listened. Lyfelt went on.
“And you inspired them, another good move. You have your father’s gift.”
“I did? How?”
“Your proclamation to deny Medain, of course! That was what they wanted. It’s a nebulous goal, getting Raelt back, but it’s the kind of thing a ruler must do. Tomorrow, you should preempt them. Keep ahead of them so they start to follow. They’ll second-guess you if you let them think. So don’t.”
She blinked at him. Lyfelt had gotten up to pace, a habit of his. Her father had once joked, exceptionally privately, that he thought that was the only reason Lyfelt wasn’t pudgy. That, and his love of swimming in the pool at the capital.
She nodded to his suggestions too. That was smart. Lyfelt turned to her.
