8.08 J
Page 28
She was stubborn, independent, and, Jecaina hated to admit it, far too powerful to anger. She could seal Jecrass’ fate if her people were angered. She was too strong to offend; no wonder the war went around her lands and she could refuse all comers.
If the [Queen] had ever gone to Liscor and talked with the Council there, or the Watch Captain, she would have been able to commiserate about a similar problem. Or—former problem. Crossbows solved problems and created them.
Jecaina returned to the capital in time for Reim to take another fort. This time Lael tried to fight it.
The [Mages] of Parasol Stroll called down lightning and her forces fell back.
 
—-
 
Jecaina was drunk when she summoned Lyfelt. He paused uncertainly as he saw her sitting in her room.
“You wanted to see me, your Majesty? Jecaina?”
“Come in.”
She half-slurred. Jecaina had realized something.
If she wanted a drink, no one could stop her. She had a royal permit to access the wine cellars or the bottom of any bottle she damn well pleased and it was on her head. Or it had been.
The crown had been tossed onto the carpet. Lyfelt stared at it; she’d dented the painted metal.
“Is…something wrong, Jecaina? I’m here to talk.”
“Oh yes. You are good at talking. Just like that [Herdmistress] was at making soup. Rock soup. I heard you once talked a [Bandit Leader] into becoming a [Soldier].”
He smiled at that.
“I told you that as a child, didn’t I? It was true—it wasn’t Maresar, but he served in the army. Still did when…yes.”
Lyfelt scooped and picked up the crown. Jecaina laughed as he placed it on a table.
“That’s a powerful Skill. Like making rock soup for free. It’s the best—until someone can call an army of ghosts or sail a ship onto land!”
“Military might does beat softer power directly. But I am trying, your Highness. This is salvageable. There will come a time when Medain or Reim seek to negotiate. If, say, Hellios rebels or the Claiven Earth begin to look at Medain—”
“Shut up. Just stop talking. I’m sick of hearing your voice.”
Lyfelt halted. He looked at Jecaina. Then he noticed the sword lying across her lap.
The [Queen] rose unsteadily. She aimed the rapier at him as he backed up. Her hand wasn’t that unsteady, even though she was heavily drunk.
“It’s all so clear after I drink. Why shouldn’t I turn you over to Flos? It solves…everything. His armies fight Medain. Jecrass is at peace. Why not? All he wants is your head. And a few dozen others.”
The former [Prime Minister] backed up to the door. But he’d closed it.
“Jecaina—Jecaina, listen, my dear. You’re not thinking straight. The King of Destruction won’t just let Jecrass be. If you turn me over—”
She laughed.
“What, I’m in a worse spot than I was before? Then I only have to fight Medain!”
“And they will sweep over Jecrass if High King Perric thinks he might lose you as a buffer.”
Lyfelt spoke urgently. He gestured to one of the war maps Jecaina was using in her private rooms to track the war.
“You can make peace with Reim and he might turn on Medain—but he won’t be able to destroy it. Not with the other nations. Perric will destroy Jecrass—or try to—in order not to have two enemies. He has the numbers to hold off Reim and do so.”
“How convenient. You know, I met your wife. You didn’t tell me she divorced you.”
“You met…Nomna? Whatever she said, Jecaina—”
“It is your Majesty, Queen of Jecrass!”
She shouted and slashed the air. He flinched. Jecaina looked at him, breathing hard.
“Do you—do you even feel guilt for what you’ve done? At all?”
