8.08 J
Page 25
Her ‘hut’, one of the temporary buildings, was more like a mansion. Enchanted to be larger on the inside than outside, perfectly cool, filled with expensive furniture. All fit for someone with four legs; the Herdmistress ‘sat’ on pillows, rather than anything as arduous as a chair.
The main base of the People of Zair had seen more people, more relaxed and contented than Jecaina had seen in months. In addition, their guards and hunters and so on had outnumbered even the retinue Lael had sent. Enchanted weapons. Mounted in a sense; well, you couldn’t call Centaurs infantry.
“Herdmistress, thank you for meeting me at such short notice. If I may ask—will you share your full class with me?”
Geraeri hesitated. She was old, in her sixties, but looked like a younger woman in her forties. She was certainly hardy as the best of her tribe.
Level 50. Youth, authority, a vast nomadic tribe—Jecaina kept staring at her. Enchanted earrings, magical cloth clothing—
This was a woman who could change events. Flos Reimarch and his Seven might still eclipse her, but why, why…?
“It is no secret. Yes, your Majesty. My full class is [Stonesoup Herdmistress of the Greatland].”
Jecaina blinked. That was…a mouthful. Geraeri smiled.
“Not the class you expected?”
“It is—lengthy, Herdmistress. May I ask about it? How did you come to this class? And level?”
“Of course. They tell this story in the camps. Here—I share with you the drink of our peoples.”
Zair’s people drank a custard-like sweet milk-substance. Jecaina tasted it, and it was good, and listened.
Geraeri’s tale was the tale of someone who had risen to her level despite adversity. She had not been born into the line of succession. She had not even been related to her [Herdleader], how they reckoned such leadership.
“It was a cold winter. And cold winters. We were poor, starving. Our [Herdleader] died; a plague ran through the herd, and at that time the People of Zair were infighting. It got to the point where River Wardens fought us, and the crown debated expelling us from the land. We were no asset; this was the time of your grandfather, your Majesty.”
Jecaina didn’t even remember that, but she had heard about a terrible winter era from Geril. She nodded. Geraeri went on.
“They tell it more fancifully. But the simplicity of it was—I rallied my herd. I kept us alive. We began to trade again. I negotiated an end to fighting, unified the herds around mine. I was, oh, Level 30, and younger in years, when the [Herdmaster] of the People of Zair decided I was trying to usurp our way and declared a civil war.”
“And then?”
Jecaina saw the older woman smile.
“I won the war.”
 
—-
 
Geraeri had reached Level 50 through time and hard work. Under her, the People of Zair had turned in decades from a nomadic tribe that could be accused of banditry and thievery and certainly was poor, into a power on its own level. They were rich, prosperous—she put it down to the struggles.
“I leveled up fast in those lean years, your Majesty. The civil war helped me—though I wish it had never come to that. We were also lucky in how we were needed to replenish horse stock after the plague. The truth was, the civil war put me up to Level 40. It took me thirty years to get the last ten levels. And that was only because the People of Zair were so large. I will not get to Level 60, I think. Not unless worse happens and I would rather it not.”
Jecaina nodded. It was an impressive tale.
“But why…”
[Stonesoup Herdmistress of the Greatland]? Geraeri had a simple explanation too.
