8.08 J
Page 32
She had to stop and laugh despite herself when Fetohep listed the other times Jecrass had been invaded to this extent. And hadn’t she seen Fetohep? No—heard his voice?
Actually, after asking Aca, the woman provided the answer.
“I believe he was featured three times on Pallass News Network, your Majesty. I watch it all the time when I can—they take in viewer responses. Fetohep of Khelt—I remember the name. The Drakes had to cut off his responses because they were so long.”
Jecaina smiled. Then, as she was nearing the end of the missive, something caught her eye.
“…‘as fellow rulers, I remain open to communication if you so desire’. Huh—what is this at the bottom?”
Aca blinked at it. She had no idea. But the [Court Mage] supplied the answer.
“I believe it’s a key to a speaking stone, your Majesty. The Mage’s Guild can tune a speaking stone to it.”
“Really? And he just wrote it down…”
Jecaina broke off as her River Wardens filed in for the day. More bad news. Medain looked like it was going to push further in, and they had begun loosing arrows at Jecrass’ forces to keep them back.
She dealt with that, and the news that there was an outbreak of something amongst animals and people in the crowded cities—they had to send for [Healers], make sure it didn’t reach the horses…
Miserable, depressed, Jecaina found the letter in her pocket later when she was staring at another bottle of alcohol. She had sent Lyfelt away after he’d failed to answer her if he could stop Medain. The River Wardens weren’t fun company.
So why not? She summoned the [Court Mage].
“Has Queen Yisame responded?”
“Nothing yet, your Majesty.”
Jecaina nodded gloomily.
“Then—will you tune a speaking stone to this thing? And tell Fetohep of Khelt I thank him for the [Message].”
She did it mainly to see what happened. From what it sounded like, Fetohep sent these things out of pure etiquette. She didn’t expect anything.
The speaking stone was placed in front of her. The [Court Mage] bowed, and showed Jecaina how to use it.
“If it is tuned correctly—and we believe we have followed the procedures—one can simply speak into it, or tap it to turn it ‘off’. Like so.”
He turned it on and off for her. Jecaina nodded. She hesitated over the stone.
“…Hello? Your Majesty, Fetohep?”
The [Court Mage] left. Jecaina stared at the stone. Then she laughed and felt foolish. What was she doing, talking to the undead ruler of another nation? She went to put it d—
“Queen Jecaina of Jecrass. We are pleased our missive was delivered to you. We are King Fetohep of Khelt. I greet you in confidence in this dark hour for your realm.”
She jumped. That had been seconds! She stared at the speaking stone.
Somewhere, many miles away, in the land of Khelt, the eternal, sleepless King of Khelt, two nations over…had heard the speaking stone’s brief comment and responded in a moment.
Why?
Because he was very, very, very…
Bored.
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt, the unliving monarch of the empire which lived by the fruits of undead labor.
Jecaina knew all the stories. But she had never met someone who’d actually come from Khelt. A [Merchant] could boast they’d been allowed through the border once or twice. But Khelt was so closed off as to be forgotten.
Now, she spoke to the ruler of that nation.
He was surprising to Jecaina. She found herself sitting in her bedroom—now the royal bedroom since she had refused to move to her father’s quarters and ordered it kept for him—on her bed, nervously speaking to the stone.
“I…apologize if I am interrupting you, King Fetohep.”
