8.08 J
Page 18
Jecaina hated it. And she was conceiving a hatred of Lyfelt the more she and he interacted on a daily basis.
He was like a grassviper. A snake! He was charming and intelligent…but he used his charm and skill at diplomacy to manipulate people.
How had she never seen it? How had Raelt? She let him employ his plan with Medain and it worked.
That was what she hated. High King Perric’s next message was a cross between condescension and superiority. Of course he understood Jecaina was unsure and the River Warden’s objections. He let her know that her father was perfectly safe and would remain so, as long as she was willing to cooperate.
“You see, he has a harem of women, and my interactions with him in brief were quite noticeable. My wife did not care for him at all, and I understand Queen Yisame quite irks him. Which is revealing; he does not see her as his superior, despite Nerrhavia being the power of the region. That is more than just a [King]’s arrogance as well; if you look into his command structure, you find one woman in twenty. And of those—many have relationships with their superiors or himself in the case of the [Generals]. The nation follows the crown.”
Lyfelt taught Jecaina and she listened. He had things to show her, but…
“Where is your wife? Your children? Are they safe? I hadn’t asked after them. Nomna? Er…”
Jecaina forgot the kids’ names; they were far younger than she. Lyfelt hesitated. He hadn’t brought them up.
“Quite well, Jecaina. They’re under protection. I left, but Nomna stayed with the children; dangerous to be about.”
He never left the palace, and Jecaina knew he was not well-liked. She nodded and left it at that.
Well, that now meant that Medain and Reim were accounted for. Lyfelt handled the communications while only needing Jecaina’s signature—and she told him to start forging that. She wanted nothing to do with the begging, fawning appeals to Perric’s masculine authority he was increasingly crafting with more flourishes.
By the same token—the River Wardens were now taking a hand in the realm’s defense.
 
—-
 
“It is time to revitalize the army, your Majesty. To that end—I hope you will see fit to allow us to begin training replacements for our most vital forces.”
River Warden Svinta and Mulre came to her with the request. It involved a lot of gold, and the ability to recruit the most skilled [Riders] and [Fighters] and so on among the youth.
A conscription. Jecaina was interested in this. The River Wardens had been contributing their personal garrisons to the war all the time, but now they seemed to feel it was their time to make up for Raelt’s absence.
“To what end, River Warden Mulre?”
He smiled.
“Why, to replenish the ranks of Jecrass’ [Trick Riders], of course!”
The [Trick Riders] of Jecrass were one of the unique classes and fighting groups Jecrass employed. Each nation had one, like the Golden Ranks of Medain, or their [Armored Soldiers].
The Realm of Jecrass was sprawling, plains and rivers. Thus, it needed a fast force to mobilize. That was how [Trick Riders] had been conceived.
Able to stop on a dime, turn, thread the needle in battle, even use ropes, nets, and other tools to immobilize foes.
Jecaina had seen them tripping half-Giants up—even stalling Mars the Vanguard! She nodded.
“Of course. How many were lost?”
Mulre grimaced.
