8.08 J
Page 4
She would have denied it. But even before the crown had touched her head, as she blanked out, head lolling in the chair as [Servants] tried to apply makeup, she had heard it.
 
[Duelist Princess Level 26!]
[Conditions Met: Duelist Princess → Queen (Temporary) Class!]
[Skill – Kingdom: Desperate Rallying obtained!]
 
—-
 
A [Queen]. She was a Queen, now. And they called her ‘Queen Jecaina’, even though her father was alive.
Not dead! Not dead—Jecaina believed that with all her heart.
But a kingdom needed a ruler. And if the [King] was missing, she was [Queen]. There could be temporary regents if she was not of age—but she was. If Raelt was ruling from prison—but no one had heard from him.
A [Princess] could not stay a [Princess] when no one sat on the throne. She became a [Queen], or what was she?
Jecaina had not known there could be temporary classes. But she assumed that if her father abdicated…or was discovered dead…or perished…
She would become [Queen] in truth.
She did not want that. She did not want the class. After she had been crowned and then stood at the balcony and read a speech one of the River Wardens had written, Jecaina burst into tears in her room.
That was embarrassing. She hadn’t cried since she was too young to hold a rapier—not like this, at least. But it was too much.
She knew the River Wardens had crowned her to say Jecrass wasn’t anarchy. As they filed into the throne room and she sat on the throne, feeling how uncomfortable it was, how alien the position, how heavy the crown, she expected them to say how it was going to be.
They were going to seize power, after all. The nobility did that sometimes, and Jecaina didn’t know what to do. She waited.
They knelt. Jecaina hesitated. Either they were doing a good job acting or…
…Or, she realized, as they raised their heads and she saw the desperation in their eyes, they were as lost as her. Or they had crowned her because they didn’t want power. Not now. Perhaps they might have seized it last year, before the King of Jecrass had shown them he was King of Duels—before the King of Destruction and Medain invaded.
Now?
“My Queen, what is your will?”
Jecaina threw up in her mouth. The River Wardens waited; she tasted bile and looked around. She held her mouth shut as Warden Mulre, their spokesperson, stared up at her.
“My Queen?”
Jecaina looked around for somewhere to spit it out—but she couldn’t tell them to turn their heads. The River Wardens saw her gulp—and then speak. The first decree of Jecaina Leysars’ rule was a muttered voice.
“…I need a cup of water. And an orange.”
The River Wardens hesitated. After a second, one of the [Servants] dashed out of the throne room and returned a few painful minutes later with water from the well and an orange from the gardens.
Jecaina loved oranges. She reached for it, but the [Servant] peeled it as the water was presented on a little cushion.
It was painful, as the intervening time waiting had been her and the River Wardens not-quite-staring at each other in dead silence. Jecaina’s throat worked as she gulped the water and then bit into the pieces of the orange—her first real meal in three days.
Thus began her enlightened rule. All hail her highness.
Huzzah.
 
—-
 
The first four hours of her rule later, Jecaina put her head down on the war council’s table and tried not to cry. Again. Was she going to become a weeping [Princess]—no—[Queen], the kind she’d always despised?
But this was dire. Even if it hadn’t been her—she had seen how this war had wrung her father dry. And he had been a [King]. Fun fact?
