8.08 J
Page 3
Jecaina Leysars watched the first news reports dully. She was feverish, sick, bedridden.
“…King Raelt of Jecrass, dubbed the King of Duels, is confirmed to be missing after the monumental battle involving…”
She lay in her bed, pale-faced despite all of the attention lavished on her. [Servants] who would cook or fetch anything, potions—the River Wardens sent their personal [Healers], but their diagnosis was the same.
“Shock. It’s no wound we can heal. The [Princess]…the [Queen] is in shock. She must rest and recover.”
And why shouldn’t she be? Jecaina was feverish the first day, then the second, raving, sick to the point of nausea, plagued by nightmares, waking and in her sleep.
She had lost everything. Her father. Her guardian, the old, loyal Geril, who had sacrificed himself that she might escape.
Jecrass’ armies had been decimated. A third of their land was gone, taken by Reim in the conflict. And they were now at war with Medain and Reim. Their old ally of Belchan was no more.
Oh—and countless River Wardens were dead, and her father was a captive of Medain’s High King.
Jecaina knew all this and knew it was her fault. If she had not been captured by those Gold-ranks—if she had been stronger, wiser—
Her fault. She could not eat, or properly sleep, and the servants whispered and tried to cool the room, even as they piled sheets on her because she was shivering nonstop.
For two days, Jecaina wished she had died and her father were here. And that Geril was alive. She wept and listened to the news reports; Flos retreating, Nerrhavia announcing it would take Reim within the week—
On the third day, the River Wardens came to her.
 
—-
 
“Jecaina Leysars of Jecrass.”
A voice spoke. Not unkindly. Jecaina was sweating under the sheets. The room was darkened, but now someone raised the blinds. Light spilled in and she tried to hide under her pillow.
“Close the shutters! Leave me be!”
But then she realized. It was not servants who stood around her.
Eighteen River Wardens had entered her bedroom. Not all that remained, but the greatest of those that did. She knew some of them.
Warden Mulre, Warden Svinta, Warden Elaire—familiar people, few of whom she had ever really liked. Her father had had personal gripes with many, and often complained to her of their flaws and foibles in private.
But there were gaps in their number. So many dead. Warden Winta, Warden Telimt, Warden Dulfe—
Casualties of this war. Some dying heroically, to save Raelt. To save her.
“What—what do you want?”
Jecaina croaked through a dry throat and lips. She saw the River Wardens look at her, flushed, shaking, tears staining her face, eyes red. They looked at each other, and nodded.
Then they knelt.
“Jecaina Leysars of Jecrass. King Raelt is missing. Perhaps captured. Perhaps dead.”
She flinched at the word as Warden Mulre, a man with a long scar horizontally crossing to his nose across his cheekbone, spoke. He went on, looking up at her with the others.
“Medain and Reim’s armies march on us! But Jecrass still stands. It needs a leader. It needs you, my [Queen].”
He looked at her. And Jecaina felt a terrible fear take hold of her. She tried to speak, but choked. Yet there it was. Even as she stammered, protested, they knelt. They wanted to crown her; a ceremony was held within the hour and a shaking [Princess], who looked like she was dying of the ague, saw the crown placed on her head—a backup. She stood in front of a balcony and [Soldiers], [Servants], and the people of the capital, who did not really cheer, but stared up at her with a horror like hers.
