8.08 J
Page 55
He dismounted from the great war monster and claimed an undead horse instead. He rode through the silent ranks as the young woman bearing the white flag, Teresa Atwood, approached.
Flos had sent her north, believing only one person could speak to Fetohep if…she was panting, winded from near non-stop travel.
“Fetohep. What—what are you doing?”
The King of Khelt’s eyes were shining brighter than she had ever seen him. He was…imposing. He stared down at her, garbed in armor, holding the halberd.
He had been a great warrior in life. Teresa stared at his army and quailed.
“My business is that of Khelt’s. Tell your Steward and your ruler, Teresa Atwood, that if they stand against me, I shall destroy them.”
She flinched. Fetohep did not lie.
“Is it…war?”
Her voice quavered in the air. Fetohep tilted his head.
“That depends on what his Majesty Reimarch wills. If he is amenable—I shall allow him to flee without bringing him to battle.”
“What does that mean?”
He told her. Teresa’s jaw dropped. She looked over her shoulder.
“You can’t just—”
“It is done. I will not tarry, Teresa Atwood. Will the [Steward] retreat?”
“He—I think he will.”
He had to. Orthenon was staring up at the giant of Chandrar, and Reim had fought 6-to-1 odds. But…a hundred to one?
“This isn’t war with Reim.”
Teresa had to clarify. She was already turning her horse, which was terrified of Fetohep’s dead one.
“Not necessarily. But tell me. If I did tell you I intended to take Reimarch’s head—what would that man have said?”
Fetohep was curious only about that. Teresa hesitated.
“If you were going to destroy Reim…he told me to tell you that, ‘he did not think you were that petty a man.’ Then he would have asked you where you wanted to end things.”
“I see.”
Khelt’s army began to march slowly behind Teresa as she rode like an arrow, giving her time to relay his words. Orthenon stared at Fetohep.
“He cannot be serious.”
Zamea rumbled.
“Oh, but he is. Fall back.”
The Steward cursed. Reim’s forces looked at him. He raised his spear.
“Fall back!”
It was not Reim that Khelt had come to destroy. Not necessarily. But as Fetohep’s army crossed through Belchan…it became obvious where he was going.
Jecrass.
 
—-
 
High King Perric of Medain had come personally with the bulk of his armies. He did not know why Khelt was marching. But he espied an opportunity.
After all, Medain had no quarrel with Khelt. And the undead were tamed, their teeth pulled so long as no one interfered with…with…
He realized Fetohep was making for him. His armies formed up.
Queen Jecaina of Jecrass brought her smaller forces to the side. Medain did not attack, even though they were close.
Fetohep of Khelt advanced with an army so vast you could not see the end of them. It was then that High King Perric, his forces having taken all of Reim’s fortifications, poised to take Jecrass once and for all, sent a [Messenger].
“King of Khelt! What are your intentions towards Medain?”
The High King stood with his Golden Ranks, sweating. Was Fetohep trying to take Jecrass for himself? He received a reply—not from the person on horseback, but from the King of Khelt himself.
Fetohep spoke, and his voice boomed across the ground and his army. Audible to all.
“King Perric of Medain. Your armies stand upon my lands. Remove yourself before I turn Medain to ash and dust. You will release Raelt of Jecrass or I will cast your head into the sea.”
Queen Jecaina had ridden all the way out here just to hear that. To see the distant ‘King of Adventurer’s’ face and reaction.
