8.08 J
Page 49
“I understand that I do not have the scope to pass judgment—or the impartiality. Thus, I requested six of the most trusted rulers available. You sit now, rulers of Chandrar, in judgment. Seven thrones shall decide Lyfelt of Belchan’s fate. Whether he is guilty or not. I shall abstain, unless a deciding vote is needed.”
This was television! Drassi was dancing in her studio since she wasn’t on air. And she wanted to be part of this one.
But this was a time only for the rulers. They were live. Their people—other rulers, viewers watched this. A man’s fate. Lesser [Kings] were not invited.
And Jecrass’ people watched Jecaina. So did Lyfelt. He looked accusing. Betrayed. Pleading…Jecaina met his gaze.
“So. Then. Let there be justice for all to see, from minds wiser than mine.”
She met Fetohep’s gaze. And he bowed slightly to her.
 
—-
 
The trial of Lyfelt of Belchan was simple. Chaotic, yes, confused, yet.
Half wanted to speak first. Some spoke over each other, in outbursts—at one point, the Speaker of Trees’ son came in to ask if he wanted to pick—he was hurried out of sight.
Orjin of Pomle began practicing punches until he was asked to stop. Nsiia poked her head in to stare at Flos.
Wistram’s viewer-count was skyrocketing. They were breaking all records. War? Forget war. The life of a single man was at stake here.
Gnolls were watching. And Jecaina presided.
She hadn’t thought she would, but when Fetohep kept calling Flos ‘boy’, or ‘child-king’, someone had to stop Flos from retorting. Someone had to—so she ended up asking people to wait, or be silent.
They all spoke. Flos first. He did not need to speak overly long.
“I will have Lyfelt’s head. And no force will compel me otherwise. I will have his head—the head of his officials—you saw the slaughter. Need I describe it? Need I ask the boy who watched his tribe die? If I must, to convince you that he is dead, I will. Even if every nation tries to oppose me, I will lead my kingdom to Rhir’s hell to see him dead.”
It was not a classic trial as Earthers knew it. Because the defense was Lyfelt himself. And he spoke.
“I did not know, your Majesties. I did not. Believe me! I may have been…flippant…but how was I to know what one village would do?”
Cross-examination was every ruler. Some spoke more than others.
Some were more at home than others. The Speaker of Trees was actually far more comfortable than Femithain. Both decided matters like this, but Femithain didn’t like being on air all the time.
Orjin likewise. Yisame seemed equally unsure, but she actually played to the audience, reacting to the other rulers.
Fetohep was most at ease. As if he was born to be seen by countless people; then again, he had no mortal tics. He vied for the most speaking time.
You could spin out the trial into a story of its own. A long debate. Arguments. Pettiness. But the end was all that mattered.
Lyfelt begged. He pleaded. He insulted the King of Destruction, trying to play to his audience, use Skills—but his judges were rulers far removed. He stood firm, shrank back on his convictions.
Jecaina saw him clearly. He was not a bad man.
No—that wasn’t right. He might be, but he had not set out to be one. He had compromised morals she would not. He was greedy, careless…
Did that mean he should suffer for ignorance? In the end, six rulers spoke.
“I will have him dead. Nothing said sways me.”
