8.08 J
Page 47
Yisame blinked at Femithain. She tried to speak, but was drowned out by Flos as he crowded closer to the camera again.
“Is that Magus-Crafter Femithain? Finally, a ruler who hasn’t declared war as of yet!”
Yisame frowned in the background. Femithain blinked. He inclined his head.
“Your Radiant Majesty, Queen Yisame, King of Destruction. Greetings. I assume I am not late?”
“Not at a—”
“Not at all. Incidentally, Magus-Crafter, I hear your Golems are quite extraordinary! Would you care to sell some to me? Illivere hasn’t responded to my requests. How is Nsiia? I trust she is being treated well?”
Flos was louder than Yisame, to her clear annoyance. Femithain hesitated and was spared having to answer as someone else appeared.
The screen split further. Drassi actually disappeared as more faces popped into view. Perric stared. He realized each one was a ruler of their land.
Next, was the leader of the Claiven Earth, their Treespeaker or whatever his name was. He appeared and Flos jabbed at the half-Elf, who ignored him completely to greet the other two leaders.
Then—and then—six rulers appeared.
 
Flos Reimarch, King of Destruction.
Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
Femithain, Magus-Crafter of Illivere.
The Treespeaker of the Claiven Earth.
Orjin of Pomle, the Strongest balancing on a pile of rocks.
…And Fetohep of Khelt.
 
Perric recoiled at the sight of the last ruler. Even Femithain blinked; Yisame was not so subtle, nor the Treespeaker.
Orjin didn’t appear to care, but Flos frowned.
“You’re attending this too, Fetohep? I didn’t know you were invited.”
“I have acceded to this meeting of thrones, King of Destruction. Not for your benefit. Far stranger that you are present when the Quarass of Germina is not. Perhaps she is busy.”
Six rulers. Perric knew the Strongest of Pomle, even if he didn’t know Orjin. Why was the man balancing on rocks? Yisame kept staring as well—not to mention at the fact that Orjin was relatively bare-skinned.
“Is this appropriate for the meeting, Strongest of Pomle?”
The Treespeaker of the Claiven Earth looked similarly uncomfortable. Orjin opened his eyes.
“I am not sure what this meeting is about. My [Secretary] informed me I should take part. So here I am.”
A Drake hurried to whisper to him. He leaned over, still balancing on one leg.
Six rulers. And High King Perric realized they were not including him in this, but it was a number of powerful rulers in his region. And second—they were waiting for someone.
“Are those Wistram [Mages] not in position yet? They’re covering the war! Whom do I have to shout at?”
“The King of Destruction is, for once, correct. Nerrhavia does not wait on ‘technical issues’. Where is her Majesty? We have all agreed to come here at her request; does Wistram seek to offend all our thrones?”
Yisame snapped at an unseen speaker. Perric frowned. Her Majesty? Orjin frowned.
“What are we doing? Explain it slower, Salii.”
“Strongest of Pomle, this meeting was agreed to by all the rulers—and one [Secretary], it seems—to decide—”
Femithain was addressing Orjin as Flos shouted something in the background. The Speaker of Trees was frowning around, trying to get a word in edgeways as the first mass-call devolved into chaos. Fetohep was engaging in a lengthy greeting to Yisame, who was trying to listen while addressing someone off-screen—
Then she appeared. Princess—no—Queen Jecaina Leysars of Jecrass sat on her throne. Perric stared.
The rulers looked up.
“Ah. There you are.”
Flos grinned. Fetohep’s golden gaze locked on her. Jecaina stared at something—a glowing scrying orb, and then looked up.
