8.08 J
Page 11
Was this what father had to live with, day in, day out? Jecaina wished she had been more understanding when he didn’t want to duel, or was so gloomy. No wonder he’d started throwing oranges at River Wardens from the balcony. She was half-tempted to do that too.
After her first gallop and sensation of being free, Jecaina slowed. She turned to Lael.
“General, you’re one of the few people I can trust. With my father…missing…and Geril…”
She swallowed hard.
“My father always said you were trustworthy. And I have found few people to trust so far. Please, speak candidly.”
She was uncertain, but the [General] looked relieved at the blunt phrasing.
“Your Majesty, I worried at what I might find upon my return to the capital. I am pleased that all seems well and that the crown’s authority is not questioned. I dared not move my forces or even return until I learned of your new Skill, but I brought three thousand [Riders] with me in case order needed to be maintained.”
Jecaina started. She looked at Lael—then the remaining [Trick Riders], and recalled that Lael had returned with heavy [Bicorn Chargers], [Armored Cavalry]; a vanguard for the [General].
Had she been intending to free Jecaina if it turned out the River Wardens had staged a coup? That just made Jecaina more hopeful she could trust Lael.
By the same token, a whisper in her head that sounded like Lyfelt made her wonder if the [General] might have held onto the reins of power if she had been forced to seize them…
No. No, trust that her father had at least known a loyal woman. Jecaina nodded to Lael.
“Thank you, [General]. I’ve read all your [Messages] and sent all the forces that could be spared. The River Wardens have contributed their forces to the cause, all they can. Candidly…what is the situation?”
They rode through the gates of the city and a cheer startled Jecaina before Lael replied. She looked up—and saw the City Watch on the gates cheering her.
“Your Majesty!”
“Jecrass still stands!”
It was a handful of voices, soon silenced. Lael turned to Jecaina.
“Apologies, your Majesty.”
“No, I…”
Jecaina rode through the capital of the Realm of Jecrass. And once again felt odd.
People turned out to see her. They came out of homes, the overcrowded city flooded with refugees or [Soldiers], lining the streets. Some cheered; many just stared, or knelt.
It was the legacy of the King of Duels. Jecaina might have feared they would insult her, throw things, blame her for the war. But the people still remembered how he had fought the King of Destruction twice. So his daughter they bowed to, even though…
We cannot continue. Jecaina saw how packed the city was, and recalled the orders to ration stockpiles of food. Already, this war had drained Jecrass, and that was with auxiliary forces, gold…Lael let her ride through the city, looking at her people. Jecaina had not the courage to dismount and talk with them that day.
Especially not with the great threat of war past the horizon and fast-advancing.
“Candidly, your Majesty. We are in trouble. Jecrass’ army is depleted and while we had been buying ample supplies, munitions, potions—I understand aid from foreign nations is cut off. May I ask the state of the treasury?”
Jecaina didn’t know. That worried her. Lael went on.
“Moreover—the King of Destruction’s forces have retreated from Medain. But I fear they have now regrouped. And Medain is at war.”
“What is to be done, General? What are our odds?”
Jecaina knew the answer before the [General] gave it. Lael bit her lip.
