8.08 J
Page 19
“Too many, your Majesty. They were at the fore of every battle, defending King Raelt. And when they came to your aid…but I intend to replenish, no, double their numbers! They will be the fastest, most elite forces Jecrass has to offer! If the crown can spare the gold, I will have our [Trainers], veteran [Trick Riders], and so on get to work training a new generation at once.”
He beamed at her. Jecaina nodded.
“And you, Warden Svinta?”
“Warden Elaire and I wish to do the same—only with [Bicorn Riders] and flying Pegasi.”
Jecaina blinked. Then stared.
“Pegasi?”
They were rare, even in Jecrass, which bred horses of all kind. Bicorns weren’t even technically horses…well, they were a horse-bull hybrid, giant, chargers with a temper.
“We saw them match—even defeat Medain’s best armored lancers, your Majesty. We have never had many…due to the Bicorns being more difficult to breed. Jecrass has many breeds of fine horses—the best in all of Chandrar!”
Jecaina nodded. It was not an idle boast. If House Walchaís in Izril was known for horseflesh, so was Jecrass—to someone who loved horses, they were on a shortlist of groups you went to. Svinta went on, eagerly.
“[Magical Horsetamers] and [Beast Masters] who can raise such animals are rarer, but give me leave and I will have flying [Pegasus Riders] and shock Bicorn troops who can push back even the best of the King of Destruction’s forces—and Medain’s!”
She and Mulre looked at Jecaina. Both of them wanted a good amount of gold from the treasury. Jecaina had to think it over.
General Lael certainly wanted both groups. Lyfelt, as always, didn’t want to spend too much money, and cautioned her on that. But faced with gold she couldn’t use—or only to bribe Medain with or hire expensive [Mercenaries]? Jecaina advanced both River Wardens the gold and heard within the week that the first [Riders] were being transitioned to new steeds from the existing stocks, and breeding programs set up.
Excellent, excellent. Jecaina oversaw the redistribution of some of the refugees, made sure that food was being supplied, and after six days, felt like she was getting a handle on things. The day after agreeing to the new initiatives by Mulre and Svinta and placating Medain, she fell asleep and heard it again.
 
[Queen (Temporary) Level 28!]
[Skill – Kingdom: Quickened Breeding (Animals) obtained!]
 
A lot of parenthesis—or however her mind interpreted it—but she woke up smiling. Over breakfast, Jecaina received word that Reim had taken the largest border-fortress. The next day, Medain’s forces pushed in from one of the two passes and swallowed fifteen miles around the pass.
 
—-
 
Shepherd Zamea led an army against the stronghold with Orthenon, the King’s Steward. General Lael circled, unwilling to fight the King’s Steward, who could summon an army of ghostly warriors—he had come in full force with Parasol Stroll sending spells shooting across the distance.
But neither side actually engaged in a melee. Zamea and six of her kin took the stronghold fortress, fortified and garrisoned with Jecrass’ troops—from a distance.
She hurled huge stones with her kin, smashing them into the walls. A catapult! Lael saw defenders hunkering down as the quickly-erected and ensorcelled fortifications began to crumble.
She made a quick decision and ordered the evacuation. There was no choice. Orthenon was ready to smash Jecrass’ army. He let them go; this was a free fortress for his troops and he was shooting across to Belchan in another moment to fight the half-Elves and other armies.
