8.08 J
Page 37
“I have a Skill—breeding of animals—”
“Perhaps a mistake to hope for and rely on that, Queen Leysars. Ah. I do not intend to demean Jecrass’ efforts.”
He caught himself, perhaps to stop her from bursting into tears again. Jecaina didn’t—but she felt like he was still pushing a stiletto into her heart.
“Then both plans won’t work.”
“Not unless Jecrass can withstand for over a year. And if it can—there are better uses for such funds and manpower in the interim.”
Her face flushed. He sounded so—so—arrogant, lecturing her when he wasn’t at war!
“It was the only option we could think of at the time! What would you do, then, Fetohep?”
“I would look for existing veterans within my army and form a force out of them. And hope, count on the formation of a Unit. The [Trick Riders] have fallen. But that Reim and Medain do not sweep over Jecrass means some element of Jecrass’ army is keeping them at bay. Do not build what will be washed away by the tide in a moment, Queen Leysars. If I were you, I would fortify what still stands.”
She sat there, staring at the speaking stone. After a few seconds, she hung up. Fetohep didn’t realize for about thirteen minutes.
 
—-
 
What annoyed her was when people were right when she thought they should be wrong. Jecaina spent the next day, relatively hangover free since she had terminated her drinking, reading Lael’s more detailed reports.
Jecaina had learned to skim over certain details since so many figures came in. Now, she unlearned that bad habit. She had been at it all night and napped—but by the time Aca found her, she had found what Fetohep was talking about.
There were veterans who had endured from battle to battle. As in, more than the survivors of a [Trick Rider] group who kept being folded into smaller and smaller bands, or [Veterans] who were added and reinforced with newer [Soldiers]. The war killed even the most experienced [Soldiers], so there was no looking to one particular band to keep surviving.
Or so Jecaina had assumed. So Lael and the River Wardens had assumed, hence needing to replenish their numbers in the project Jecaina now knew would take far too long.
But this? She summoned Lael’s replacement in the capital, a [Strategist of Mobility], newly elevated by leveling in the war.
“Meroon. I would like to meet with some of the soldiers on the front who are resting here. Is that possible?”
The [Strategist] was a Centaur, possibly from the People of Zair, but a true Jecrass citizen. He bowed.
“Naturally, your Majesty. To hearten them and inspire?”
He looked at her and was surprised when the [Queen] shook her head.
“No—I want to meet with them to understand something. Can you provide…the Neer Riding Group, the Galmut Regiment, and…?”
 
—-
 
They were assembled for her, and knelt when the [Queen] arrived for them. She saw the gaps in their number; they would be replenished ere they fought.
“You fought Zamea at the battle. I was there.”
She felt stupid, but the [Captain of the Charge] bowed deeply.
“You inspired us to victory, your Majesty!”
“Daughter of—”
Jecaina ignored the cheers. She wanted to shake her head, but she instead shook the [Captain]’s hand. Awkwardly, she gestured.
“Your sacrifice, Captain, and that of your soldiers inspires all of Jecrass. I know this is an imposition while you rest, but I have brought something to express my gratitude for all those here…it isn’t much…”
