8.09
Page 1
Fetohep lifted his halberd. The group of Golden Ranks presented a wall of shields and weapons. He raised the halberd high and brought it down.
“[Chosen Blow].”
He was probably thirty feet away. The Golden Ranks braced for the enchanted halberd to activate.
The halberd’s blade descended through the [Archer]’s head and helmet. The Golden Ranks turned their heads and saw the weapon appear from behind them. A chosen angle, and location.
Fetohep rode down on them in the moment of distraction. He was grinning, the light of battle in his glowing eyes. And several undead followed him. An [Archer] put an arrow into one of the Golden Ranks; another followed Fetohep with a single-edged blade, curved, and a buckler.
His companions of old. The King of Khelt broke the lines of the border fort. Where he fought, battle was a combination of incredible artifacts, levels, Skills that the Revenant undead possessed in life, unmatchable.
Where his army fought, Medain’s forces found themselves surrounded, hemmed in by undead. They saw undead swarm around them, until they could not even clear space to swing a sword. [Pikemen] looked up and saw undead giants crashing towards them.
Those that did not surrender died. Those that surrendered were spared, and the undead flowed past them.
The border fort fell within the hour. Morale broke before the soldiers; they surrendered, rather than fight the undead and fall back into the keep.
Fetohep’s army marched on almost without pause. His display of personal battle prowess, his army, seldom-seen in battle, the giant and unique undead his kingdom possessed—for many it was the first time seeing such war. And Khelt’s name was repeated.
 
—-
 
“I had always known such a place existed, I suppose. No—there are many nations in this world. I am…aware necromancy is practiced by Rhir, for example, but I do not like to think often of it. It is a mark of their desperation, and the situation that we have seldom raised the issue. But this?”
The Summer’s Champion watched the live coverage of the battle and aftermath with a look of disgust on his face.
It was mirrored across all of the [Knights] present, even the [Squires]. A horror for the continent of Terandria, not just historically, but culturally.
Necromancy. A kingdom ruled by undead? To say they were horrified was an understatement.
“That anyone could suffer such is…incredible.”
One of the [Summer Knights] remarked. The Summer’s Champion nodded. He clenched a fist.
“I know there have been crusades against such evil before. Not just Khelt—but to see such brazen abhorrence—if it were not for Ailendamus, I would petition the Knight-Commander to consider such a thing! But watch, then, even if naught can be done at this hour. Look upon how such things fight. As long as your stomach holds.”
The members of the Order of Seasons gathered in this room nodded grimly. Foes came and went and could be of any species or nation—but here was a certain one. They looked at Fetohep with disdain, horror, contempt, even fear.
Undead! Revenant, worst of all! A horror pretending to still have true thought and emotion. A pestilence upon the living, a threat made more cunning by its intelligence—
A sexy beast of war.
That thought came from a certain Ser Solstice in the room. Rabbiteater was watching the King of Khelt fight. He thought that the King of Khelt had all the Redfang qualities of attractiveness. Imagine how good he must have been when he was alive? Well—you didn’t have to.
