8.09
Page 2
He’d vouchsafe that to Meisa, later. This didn’t seem like the time to air such thoughts. But the Goblin approved. That undead king was handling the halberd like a true weapons-expert. Frankly, better than the Summer’s Champion was with his weapons. Rabbiteater decided that if he ever had to choose another place to go after Terandria, maybe Chandrar would be on the list.
It seemed like a fun place to be. But Fetohep had appeared on television and there was no unseeing the King of Khelt. Many did react as the [Knights]. Some—like Rabbiteater.
 
—-
 
After repeat viewings of the highlight reel—and nearly 17 hours of watching Fetohep of Khelt being amazing, Toren decided he wanted to become Fetohep when he grew up.
That statement was so…inaccurate…that Az’kerash actually had to process it for a few seconds. The Necromancer blinked at Toren, tried to figure out where to start, and then let Toren go.
He had enough teaching problems to try to untangle that one.
However, if enemies or people with a morbid fascination or love of war were watching Fetohep many hours of the day, Az’kerash watched them all the hours.
Literally. He did not sleep, and the Necromancer had actually used the various scrying devices and enchanted eight mirrors, that the broadcast of Pallass News Network would be playing throughout the castle.
Also, to say he was in a ‘a good mood’ after seeing Khelt and Fetohep was to be as inaccurate as Toren’s beliefs. Az’kerash, the Necromancer of Terandria, Perril Chandler, Archmage Chandler, was in a disgustingly exuberant mood. If there was merchandise of Fetohep, he would have bought a thousand copies.
As it was, he had been smiling all day, and his Chosen were very much alarmed when the Necromancer walked about, humming, or complimenting mundane actions—or dispensing Khelt-facts at random.
It was so obnoxious, that Belavierr had actually left the castle rather than be around Az’kerash after the second day. The Stitch Witch could handle threats, bodily harm, extreme passive-aggressiveness and the pallor of undeath. Az’kerash being jovial was the step too far, apparently.
That suited Toren just fine. He hated and feared the Stitch Witch. He was just happy there was something to watch.
For instance, after the meeting where the rulers had argued about killing one person for hours, a shift in understandings had taken place. A fad, a trend—
Copying. To limited degrees of success.
 
“Hello, hello, are we ‘live’? I am King Ahrmal of—”
“Excuse us, but we believe we were first. We, the Radiance of Lomal, deign to join this judgment of—”
“IS THIS THING WORKING? Hello? Hello—”
“Monarchs, apologies for the volume, I believe the King of Taimaguros is ah, having connection issues. If we can introduce ourselves in order of arrival.”
“Quite so. I am King Ahrmal of—”
“We will not be introduced after a Chandrarian [King]!”
“Excuse me—”
 
The ensuing argument took up the entire hour timeslot. Noass never even got to introduce the criminal case of a murder; the four monarchs who had applied bickered the entire time about who would be introduced first; with the exception of Taimaguros’ [King], who had to be muted due to issues with connection.
He didn’t care for that. But Az’kerash kept all of Pallass News Network on, despite some sections being boring.
It was for his enjoyment, but also…for the Chosen. Because here was something…interesting…that separated Toren’s reaction from that of the now seven-strong Chosen.
 
Kerash the Gnoll Draugr.
Bea, the Plague Zombie.
Ijvani the Skeleton [Mage].
Venitra, the Armored Bone [Warrior].
 
