8.09
Page 29
They both had.
“Everyone tries it, well, most teams. Everyone thinks there’s a way in, or that it’s exaggeration. I nearly lost a teammate. Bitten down to her bones.”
“A similar experience. It’s not even a place to train. The undead move too fast. They’re too deadly—we tried to kill a single zombie for good. Held it down, burned it until it was ash and tried to destroy the ash. It still came back. You have to tell this team to stop. If they’re wise, they’ll fall back. But so many teams—and Silver-ranks? They might push in too far.”
Ryoka’s heart was pounding. She knew they were right. But why the Village of the Dead? Unless—Pisces knew there was something that could help Erin?
“I think my friends have tried to talk them out of it. I—I can make it there tomorrow. But what if I can’t?”
“Then you’d better hope every Gold-rank team and Named Adventurer in the north joined their call.”
Madain drained his drink. He put it down and looked at Ryoka, serious for once.
“But I think it’ll be them and half a dozen idiots like the Hounds. No one who’s smart will read that and join in if they’ve got half a brain. And the ones without…who’d go there for a share of the loot? There’s no gold, no glory. It’s a stupid request. For an [Innkeeper]? Hah! I couldn’t get a Gold-rank team to risk their lives for me.”
He said that. But Ryoka just looked at him. And she saw another [Innkeeper]. For her? She slowly pushed herself up.
“They might have an army, though. Even if it’s not enough.”
Eldert and Madain stared at her, disbelieving.
 
—-
 
The Village of the Dead lay far north of Invrisil. Not as far as Reizmelt. So—if you left now, you could make it in three days.
“Hey, Jewel. You going to the Village of the Dead?”
In the Gold-rank+ back rooms of the Adventurer’s Guild in Invrisil, one of the local Gold-rank adventurers leaned out of his chair and called across the room.
Laughter followed his remark. Jewel, leader of the Glitterblade, ignored Samung’s comment. But she was sitting there—rather than making plans to go.
“I can’t believe anyone is going. Or that someone would post a raid call that stupid.”
Samung, a member of Oblivion’s Call, a Gold-rank team with a name that was arguably cooler than they were, was pushing the envelope.
Jewel had laughed a bit with her team and shaken her head when she saw the request. But she had met the Horns.
“They’re Hell’s Wardens, Samung. Maybe they think they have a shot.”
Another Gold-rank had his feet up on the table. Invrisil was actually quite crowded at the moment.
Lots of Gold-rank teams had returned from the High Passes and the Wyvern hunt. They were in the mood to spend gold, and the City of Adventurers was the place to do it.
Jewel was annoyed because she’d missed the rush—and some teams had earned over ten thousand gold. Three had earned over twenty thousand! Easy money!
“Hey—is this table taken?”
The veteran Gold-rank glanced up. He had his legs on one table, and he and his team—Waterborn Raiders—were occupying the other. A new Gold-rank team, rookies, were looking around and the crowded back room had nothing but standing room, which a number of teams were using.
“My feet need rest. Who’re you?”
Hazing again. Jewel, another relatively new team, was sick of it. But Todi wasn’t here. The Gold-rank adventurer murmured.
“We’re, uh, Ten Razors.”
“Ten Razors? Then why are there eight of you?”
The teammates of the adventurer flushed. The answer was that the founding group had taken casualties. One of them looked at the Waterborn Raider.
“Can we use this table?”
“Sorry, my feet need rest.”
