8.09
Page 25
But she saw how he had been a [Farmer]. He had a cologne, amazing armor and the tower shield and mace, both enchanted, emblazoned with the Terland family sigils, and someone even styled his hair, by the looks of it. He wasn’t as old as Lupp, so instead of white hair, he had a magnificent blonde-green, perhaps natural, but definitely augmented with alchemical items.
Lupp had the right idea, though, and it was treating Eldert like an old friend. The two talked and Ryoka found herself hovering awkwardly as they caught up. In truth, she didn’t mind; it was the first time the two had seen each other in a long time.
“You stopped writing.”
“You never seemed interested to get my letters. And I felt…odd, sending them to you.”
“I liked them. I never said? Well, they were hard years, after you left.”
“I know. I should have come by for the…funeral. I’m sorry. May I visit her grave?”
“’Course. You have to tell me too, how you met Miss Ryoka. Strange meetings, and that you both came by.”
Eldert glanced at Ryoka. She ducked her head.
“He helped me in a tough spot, Lupp. Actually fought someone for my sake.”
“Really?”
Lupp hadn’t heard about the Solstice party. Eldert just waved it off.
“It wasn’t easy—but I don’t think I was in danger. But that [Knight] or whomever it was…I haven’t felt my arm shake like that in a long time.”
He flexed it, and looked at Ryoka. She preempted his question.
“They’re…outsiders. Strong ones. If you went toe-to-toe with them—well, they’re the best in the world.”
Their world. Eldert nodded slowly.
“I felt like it was a test. And I haven’t felt that young since I became an adventurer.”
“Started at thirty. Old! But you were never a good [Farmer]—for all you grew things well. I’m glad. But what’s with the name? Eldertuin Terland.”
Lupp teased the man as he handed him a hoe. The Named Adventurer sighed as he hefted it.
“I married into the Terland family for my service to Ulva Terland, Lupp. I have a family.”
“Really? You never said!”
“It’s…complicated.”
The Named Adventurer looked troubled for a moment. Ryoka and Lupp exchanged a look. Perhaps a former [Farmer] didn’t enjoy being a Terland…well, they dropped the subject.
“Just cut a new furrow, there, and there. Now, if you’ve forgotten how it goes, you swing your hoe up and—”
“[Channel Strike].”
Eldert swung the hoe down and a rift of dirt, straight as an arrow, exploded up from the ground. Ryoka and Lupp blinked in the downpour of soil.
“[Farmer] Skills can become a [Warrior]’s Skills. You want me to do it again?”
The Named Adventurer hefted the hoe. He looked at Lupp. After a second, the [Corn Farmer] spat out some dirt and laughed. He slapped Eldert on the back, and he and Ryoka stood back as the Named Adventurer did it again. Then they looked at his new corn.
 
—-
 
“[Pepper Corn]? Seriously?”
“You get fancy Skills like swinging a sword and cutting the air, or new spells. I get new corn. I can even grow ‘em in patterns, see? This one’s just for fun. Mind you, even I’ll take a week or two more till the first harvest, but look!”
Lupp proudly showed them his new Skills. Ryoka stared at a corn that had a weird checkered pattern.
Red, brilliant carmine kernels, mixed with a slight blue tint to them.
“What’s the blue part taste like?”
“Sugar—sweet. So that’d be a hot mouthful and sweet one. Not sure who’d buy it, but I want to taste it first. These new ones take a bit more richness in the soil, and water, or so it feels. But they’ll be good. Lady Bethal is already asking to have the first harvest sent to her.”
