8.09
Page 14
Emessa’s claws nearly slipped as she handled a knife, cutting up some fresh vegetables. Dangerous in Pelt’s home; everything he owned he’d made and they were all sharp.
“He did?”
“Yes. But why would I teach someone like him? He has ambition. Pushes himself. Not like you.”
Emessa’s head sank.
“But you’re the expert, Master. It’s…terrifying, not knowing how to improve yourself. Smithing mithril, Dwarfsteel—there’s so much we’ve lost.”
“Yes. I did learn from my masters, didn’t I? Reminds me…damn idiots with that potion. Wasting my…”
He was drifting off to sleep. Emessa wavered, with fresh vegetables, more food. Should she let him sleep? Drag him into a bed, or just put him on the floor and put a blanket over him?
She slowly put down the bowl of vegetables and began to nibble on them, wondering if this would set back their work tomorrow. If it caused him to spiral back to his old self—could she handle that, seeing him at his best, now?
She munched on a carrot. Crunch, crunch—
Pelt’s eyes opened. The Dwarf snapped upright.
“Craftsmanship!”
He screamed in Emessa’s face. The Drake apprentice fell out of her chair. Pelt was out the door before she could blink.
 
—-
 
“Master Pelt! Master Pelt, please! Go back and rest!”
Emessa and the Dwarf smith attracted his apprentices, the new [Smiths] learning from the Dwarf. They had understood that the potion—the [Innkeeper]—had meant a surprise vacation, which wasn’t that unpleasant.
Pelt worked them hard. He made them do 95% of all work, which meant they did level and learn the craft by his excruciating standards—but it wasn’t fun. He intended to wear them down for a year, maybe two. He got their hard work, and when it was done, they would be far better [Smiths] than when they started.
A fair exchange. An ideal apprenticeship, in some ways. The Dwarf knew how to run a team, which was the thing. Not all [Smiths] were team players, but to everyone’s surprise, Pelt was good at it—or rather, he had been part of one and knew the components.
“Where’s the adamantium?”
“Here, Master. But you told me once that our anvils couldn’t even handle the force to shape them—”
“Of course they can’t. Neither heat nor…good stuff.”
He was sniffing it. The Dwarf stared at the powdery rock; strata mixed in with stone. No solid lumps; you could mistake adamantium for weak rock. Unless you noticed that some of the dust you’d get from breaking it up was the hardest stuff in…
“Ah. Teaching. This reminds me of how it was. Apprentice—isn’t there a good, open space somewhere outside of Esthelm? Find me one. A thousand feet of cleared space. Nothing woody or even plants around. Stone. I don’t care if it’s high-up.”
“Outside the city?”
“Go! You—where’s our worst anvil with a flat surface?”
Pelt pointed at a [Smith]. The man jumped.
“Er—the worn ones?”
“Yes. Grab it and come with me. Apprentice, where’s my spot?”
Pelt was not a fun master. Perhaps because he had learned that if you kept shouting, you got results. Niceness was not only optional, but detrimental to getting things done as fast as possible.
“Master, there’s a good spot down the road. But—what are we—doing?”
The Dwarf was lifting one half of the anvil while a team of [Smiths] dragged the other half of the insanely heavy object. He grunted, still drunk. Still…
“Teaching. Come. Come!”
He’d brought some of his canisters of materials. From her understanding, Emessa recognized the mithril canister, some actual billets they were supposed to be using for swords tomorrow—and to her great surprise, an amulet.
