8.09
Page 31
“Hey! Let our teammate rest his feet!”
The other Waterborn Raiders turned. They were apparently former [Raiders] in actuality, hence their nature. They sniggered as Ulinde turned to the [Rogue].
“Seborn?”
“You’re not using the table. Feet up.”
The [Rogue] appeared and addressed the annoying adventurer. Jewel saw the man’s eyes narrow.
“Oh yeah? I don’t take order from the half-Freaks.”
She held her breath. Seborn’s Human eye narrowed. The Waterborn Raiders turned in their seats. There was a potential in the air. The other Gold-ranks leaned in or out depending on their natures.
“Seborn, there’s no need for that. Sit with us.”
Geni called out, but her voice was still lost. The Gold-rank adventurer looked at Seborn. Then…a shadow fell over him. He looked up and his grin faded.
“Move.”
Moore loomed over the man. Jewel blinked.
That didn’t look like a friendly half-Giant. He had a scar running across his chin. And…nope. She didn’t see any nice qualities. The [Rogue] looked like a ray of beaming sunshine compared to the [Green Mage]’s face.
Unfortunately or fortunately for the Waterborn Raider, he knew Moore. So he recovered from the moment of chagrin and sneered.
“Nice try. Why don’t you go coddle flies, Moore? Have Jelaqua come over, greet our team Captain, and then—”
Moore reached down. He picked the man up—and tossed him over the table.
It was so fast. It was like Jewel flicking a bug off her knee. She stared, open-mouthed, as the man shouted and then went thump.
The other Waterborn Raiders stared. They had ducked when he went sailing over their heads. Two got up.
“You b—”
Moore reached out and grabbed a head. His hand—gently covered the top of the adventurer’s head.
Now, the guild was silent. The Waterborn Raiders looked up. And finally began to realize that Moore had…changed.
“Why don’t we all…sit down? Sorry about the trouble.”
The leader of the Waterborn Raiders suggested slowly. Jelaqua Ivirith appeared.
“Moore? What’s the problem?”
“Nothing. We’ve got a table.”
Moore turned. The Waterborn Raider he’d let go of slowly sat back down and then shuffled his chair around. Everyone stared at the half-Giant.
“Whoa. That’s nice?”
One of Jewel’s teammates whispered. Old Geni was just staring. Jewel looked at Moore, appraisingly. Nice or not, he’d impressed her.
Moore sat there, cross-legged on the ground, as the other Halfseekers sat down. They didn’t smile long. Jelaqua greeted Geni, but she was transparent with why they’d come.
“We’re seeing who else is heading north. We need to move today if we’re getting to the Village of the Dead.”
The Gold-ranks turned in their seats. Geni gasped.
“The Village of the Dead? You can’t be serious, my dear! We all thought it wasn’t worth even considering. There have been jokes told all week.”
“By who?”
Seborn was grinning. He turned to the Waterborn Raiders. They didn’t look around.
“Just jokes.”
One of them muttered. Jelaqua’s eyes were steady.
“You don’t have to take your team, Geni. It’s going to be dangerous. No doubt about that. But we’re going.”
“Jelaqua, you’ve never been…this reckless. Are you sure?”
Geni chose her words carefully. The Selphid looked at her.
“Sometimes, we have to go in. We’re going. And we’ve been getting ready. We’re armed up.”
She gestured. And Jewel saw that under their travelling cloaks—the Halfseekers were wearing armor. It wasn’t unusual, so she’d barely noticed.
But wait.
Even Moore? Yes, the half-Giant was wearing a kind of leather-and-steel composite. Leather covering plates of metal. It was probably as thick as plate mail, but made for someone his size.
