8.09
Page 12
Pelt sounded like a Dwarf drinking after decades of thirst. He held the blade, running his fingers along it, inspecting it for…
“Flawless as the day it was forged.”
Dawil volunteered when the silence grew long and he was fidgeting from minutes of silence.
“Of course it is!”
Pelt snapped at him. He stopped lovingly admiring it and fixed the throwing axe with a more critical eye.
“A flaw? A crack, or dulled edge? Watch your tongue, boy. Do you even know what an honor it is to have won the right to carry this? It’s not even the best work…which one made this?”
“I don’t know, Master Pelt. About my companion’s request. Would you find the time to take an armor or blade order? We needn’t have it now, but upon our return. It can even be sent…”
The younger Dwarf held his temper. Pelt glanced at him.
“For a [Knight]? Pah. I don’t feel like making armor good enough to do the fighting for fools who don’t deserve it.”
He actually spat. Dawil glowered.
“That man is Ylawes Byres, my friend and team captain. Do you think I’d travel with an amateur, Master Pelt? I won this axe. Does the craftsmanship not inspire you? Isn’t it worth your smithing?”
Pelt brought his fist down, upsetting the five bottles on his tables.
“Craftsmanship? You want to talk craft? You? You won this in a tournament—you don’t know how it was made! Hah! This isn’t even fine work—not by their standards. Not by far. I could crack this myself! They put adamantium into it—but it’s not made that strong. I could—”
He raised the axe and Dawil tensed. But then Pelt slowly lowered it and placed it almost reverentially on the table. He looked at it. And Dawil saw tears in his eyes.
“Get out.”
Dawil took the axe, carefully putting it in the sheath.
“Master Pelt—”
“Leave your order and get out. Don’t you dare lose that axe, Dawil Ironbreaker.”
“I won’t.”
 
—-
 
Dawil hadn’t told Ylawes how he’d secured the order. Now, he looked at the axe.
Oh yes. Pelt would murder him. But—Dawil flipped it up and caught it. A risky maneuver; you could lose all the fingers on your hand. He broke off reminiscing and saw Ylawes throwing up his hands and cursing. Another rare sight.
“Wistram, then.”
If it came to it, would Pelt be happier Erin lived—or the axe was gone? Dawil sighed. The Horns were on the move. And so were the Silver Swords.
 
—-
 
The other Dwarf thought of the axe then.
Probably because he had replicated the conditions under how Dawil had met him. Drunk, Pelt was laughing.
“Potions of Regeneration. Ignorant bastards. Getting hopes up—”
He threw a bottle at a wall and cracked the wall. The glass sprayed across the room, but much of it powdered on impact.
Pelt was a [Smith]. He knew there was a process! This—this was like beating on unheated metal. They’d crack Erin’s body, thawing and freezing her.
Or would they? He was no [Healer]. Pelt sat.
Just like this, when he’d laid eyes on another masterpiece. He recalled that brat—Dawil—and the way he’d looked at Pelt. Contempt and awe.
Well, Pelt deserved both! He would never deny it! Pelt looked for more alcohol and wobbled around his home.
Esthelm. Esthelm had built this place and it was far from being as nice as Pallass’ apartment. But he’d trashed the one in Pallass, so Esthelm still won.
“Petty mining city. No skill here. No craft, but for me. Goblins sacked it. Not as damned bad as the places some of us went into exile, but—”
Far from where Taxus had gone. Pelt snorted to himself. He hadn’t believed in penance. They would never recover their honor, or so he’d thought.
