8.09
Page 26
“Have you considered selling to another family? Lady Ulva herself complimented the corn. And she is…peculiar about trusting food. She might offer you a better deal.”
Lupp looked worried. He actually had to sit down and have some calming tea.
“I…don’t do business decisions like that, Eldert. I just sell my corn. Thinking about money—I can’t refuse Lady Bethal after she’s been so generous.”
“She wouldn’t mind. Well, she might, but she knows it’s business.”
But Ryoka knew it was Lupp’s personality that made the thought of negotiating the sale of his corn so nerve-wracking. Eldert didn’t push the matter, although he did ask Lupp to send him some corn when it was done. Ryoka, likewise.
“If you had any of the sweet-corn, I’d take it with me. I’m going to Liscor so I might not see you for a while…”
“Ah, you can always fly by. Just visit me in a month or two—I’m busy enough. And I have something for you. Nothing full-grown, but…it’s another Skill. Here, take these.”
Lupp was understanding. And he handed Ryoka…she blinked at the baby-corn, all blue, and sweet as candy. He grinned at her expression.
“You have a sweet tooth for the stuff?”
“I know a little Gnoll girl who might change her tune about corn. Well—she likes it anyways, but she’d gobble this. Thanks, Lupp.”
He also handed her some baby corn of the spice variety. It was like eating a hot pepper spice on corn—except it was all hot. Ryoka’s eyes watered.
“Damn. Fuck, that’s spicy—it’d be good if you mixed it with regular corn.”
“That’s what I thought. Good for the children, though. They love it. The village’s kids came begging for it; I’ve been giving it out, the little ones at least.”
Lupp smiled as his daughter fussed around, scolding him for giving out his hard work as always. Ryoka wondered, honestly, if she’d done him a disservice.
His farm was crowded and he looked a bit overwhelmed by the company. But as Eldert bade her farewell for the night, she saw he and Lupp were going to sit, perhaps on the porch, with a drink.
That was nostalgic. And Ryoka thought that made up for any inconvenience of fame. Lupp’s house didn’t seem so empty. The old [Farmer] looked at Ryoka and their conversations about bad days were unspoken.
“Hard to sit by yourself when there are so many people you like about, right?”
“Ah, just so long as you like them. Stop on by again if you’re staying longer. Thank you, Ryoka.”
He winked at her. She grinned and left, spirits light.
 
—-
 
Ironically, it was Ryoka who was down after meeting Lupp. He was doing well. But was this life?
Was she going to forget Erin was dead and do deliveries? Visit Liscor and tell Mrsha and the others to wait?
That was the sensible thing to do which normal-Ryoka would not do. And was thus the thing Ryoka should do.
…But she wanted to fly to First Landing, get on a ship, and raid Ailendamus’ vaults. She wanted to move now.
And she knew she shouldn’t risk herself. She was not immortal. She had thought Erin might be, but Ryoka would never assume she could survive…
She stared at her missing fingers when she needed a reminder of that. Or felt at the scars on her back where crossbow bolts had nearly ended her for good.
Crossbows. Ryoka was starting to develop a thing about them.
She was planning on making one last visit before she slept and headed south. She wasn’t even actually planning on staying the night at Reizmelt—she was pretty sure the Lischelle-Drakle household would be up all night and they’d give her some space.
