8.09
Page 23
“I trust this event has aided you in some way, Miss Griffin. I still owe you a debt for your service to House Veltras.”
“Oh, no—you’ve done more than enough.”
“That is not what I believe.”
Lord Tyrion was a strange [Lord]. He refused to settle their debt, and he had done so much already. Pride and stiff honor. Ryoka wished she could have actually disliked him. She knew what he had done to Liscor. But she couldn’t help but feel like they were a bit similar.
A bit. She wished she didn’t, though, honestly. But Lord Tyrion had raced her while flying, even suggested seeing who was faster. It turned out he was, unless there was a faster wind. He’d laughed and…
Well, it’s just a connection of Runner and client. Perhaps I’ll meet him again. Ryoka thought of all the Veltras group, Jericha was somewhat glad to see her back. She’d kept asking about Eldavin after the call.
He had promised to help Erin. Ryoka tried to run, leaving Onononno behind. Wait. There was no better way than the Dragon. Even distant Ailendamus which had a ‘surefire thing’ or the ‘best thing’ according to Ivolethe and the powers of the fae, wasn’t as good as a Dragon.
He had promised. So Ryoka went back to her job, if only to see how flying worked. She ran out of Onononno—well, slipped, really, the streets were a bit slimey—and continued on her way.
 
—-
 
If Ryoka Griffin got used to the attention her arrival caused after the fifth Runner’s Guild delivery, she still tried not to let it get to her head.
She wasn’t a real Courier yet. She had the speed—not the Skills. She still remembered how fast Mihaela could go, or Salamani being able to conjure arrow-swarms of attack spells, cast [Haste], [Invisibility] as a matter of course…
She was a new, ‘low-level’ Courier. Even so, she resigned herself to being famous until the novelty wore out. She visited eight Runner’s Guilds on her route north over two days; she kept losing hours to people, rather than the road.
And she was still unprepared for Reizmelt. The entire city threw her a celebration when they saw her flying in.
“Miss Wind Runner, Miss Griffin, you’ve put Reizmelt on the map, even more than it was! You’re a credit to our city. It is an honor—please, accept this honorary citizenship. A key to your new home, and—”
Ryoka Griffin shook hands with each of the Councilmembers in turn. She smiled as people cheered, looked at her new, complimentary home as well as a citizenship in Reizmelt…and decided not to tell anyone she had been planning on getting ‘Wind Runner of Reizmelt’ changed to a different title. Wind Runner of Liscor, maybe.
“I’m—so honored. I feel like I haven’t been in Reizmelt long, but you’ve taken me in and I’m just…”
Super overwhelmed. Ryoka gave a speech, shook hands, let kids play with the parachute-basket, and then hid inside her home until they left.
They’d decorated it with flowers. Furniture! Ryoka stared at the house they’d given her.
Oh no. How was she going to tell them that…she was not staying in Reizmelt? She’d rather stay in Liscor. She had to go there. To The Wandering Inn. To Mrsha and…see Erin.
“Don’t worry. No one expects you to stay. But if you can just keep letting us call you the Wind Runner of Reizmelt? It means something.”
Alime, the [Receptionist] at the Runner’s Guild, actually hugged Ryoka when she came in. But she was the most reassuring. Ryoka exhaled.
“That’s good to know. I um—this is a lot.”
Everything was different. She had done a two day run to Reizmelt from Riverfarm. Wind speed? Alime was over the moon about it.
