8.09
Page 18
And the Dwarf himself began to burn. His clothes, like Emessa’s, were catching fire. Emessa turned back, staring as the heat baked her a thousand feet away. She heard the last Skill, with the other two. Advanced, a culmination of ability. A song, a boast.
“[I Forged in the Greatest Fire I Have Known]/[My Tools Were Unbroken]/[I Fear No Flame].”
The Skill that Dragons had once feared, but a [Smith]’s Skill. Now, the Dwarf sang. The adamantium was…melting. He was breaking the impurity away with hammer blows that shook the world. The onlookers could feel the vibrations.
Then—Pelt took the crucible and closed it. He held it, in the burning pit, as the anvil melted away. He held his hammer as the tongs evaporated. He let the burning fire engulf it, and him, completing the smelting. Then he just sang. And Emessa heard the only song the Dwarf had ever sung, from his craft, from his home.
When he had been legend.
 
“Look, now, and recall my tale! 
I forged in the greatest fire I have known.
Yet my tools were unbroken! 
I feared no flame! Remember that, metal! 
Know who made you, who wrought you—
For there is no substance I cannot tame!
As I turn you into purity, by my hammer, by my craft,
Remember my name!”
 
He was lost amid the smoke. Emessa and the others retreated as it grew too toxic to breathe. The people of Esthelm stared from their walls.
It was a long time before the Dwarf reappeared. When he did—Emessa saw the road was gone.
A huge pit had formed where the dirt road had been. A depression formed as if a meteor or object had struck it.
All was ash and fire around the area Pelt had forged.
Yet two things remained.
The first was the Dwarf. He was naked. Not that you could see anything out of the ash and grit caking his body. He climbed out, coughing, the stuff flaking off him.
The second was the crucible he had made. It was glowing hot, even now. But it was done. And inside…was a billet of dark red and brown. A glorious color though, a color unto itself. The great metal—
Adamantium. Pelt looked at it. He smiled at her, wearily.
This was the story of Pelt in his mastery. It did not end there, though.
For the very hour as word spread, as Wistram lamented not having been there—for Pelt had not told them! As if he cared nothing for their fame!—and the [Smiths] of Pallass stopped working, wondering at the tale, someone appeared on the 9th floor.
Emessa. She walked past the forges. Past [Smiths]. Her arms burned from the short journey. Her scales were singed. The [Smiths] stopped talking to stare after her.
Then—followed. Because they saw what she held.
Maughin the [Armorer] stood at his forge, staring down at the armor he was working on for a Dullahan. All he had made in inspiration, even love—and his worry over seeing off Jelaqua—had been erased temporarily from his mind by the tale of craft.
“What is this I am working on? What paltry—”
He was about to toss the armor aside, for all it had his own, patented alloy with yes, some mithril in it. The Dullahan turned in disgust.
And there was Emessa.
He stopped. The huge [Armorer] looked down.
“Maughin. I have something for you.”
The Drake apprentice’s voice trembled. Slowly, she stepped forwards. Maughin’s fellow [Smiths], his team—looked and recoiled in shock.
For she held the crucible. And—with it—a single, perfectly solid, incredibly dense metal. She placed both on an unused anvil and bowed.
“What? What is th—”
Maughin didn’t believe it at first, for all the story was fresh in his ears. He looked down at the adamantium. The crucible.
“Master Pelt sends it.”
