8.09
Page 16
“They toss it into a volcano. Or burning rock. Magma. You know the stuff? They toss it in—and then retrieve it. If it’s whole, you did your job right. Any weakness and the adamantium wasn’t forged right. You think you can get hotter than that in a forge?”
“Then…how? You don’t even have a forge fire, Master Pelt.”
He looked at her. His eyes shimmered—no, was the air around him—? Emessa felt the heat first. It radiated outwards, as the mithril began to glow in his grip.
“I am the great [Smith] of Deríthal-vel, my apprentice Emessa. Did you think you had seen my Skills? Now, watch. Those Human women are not the only ones who know flame. And mine burns hotter still.”
The metal was hot. His hands alone might have melted it, but Emessa realized he was holding something. He put it at the end of his anvil. The iron began to catch fire and deform from the heat—then stopped. Pelt put the first glowing mithril bars on the anvil and hammered them down.
“An alloy of mithril. Grasgil! Vetil—stand back. Toss me what I demand.”
She did. It was already growing hot. But she had felt the heat to cook mithril on her scales. She had [Resistance to Fire], as many [Smiths] did.
“First mithril! Into every inch of it, the Grasgil must be infused! Until it practically melts—”
He was taking the mithril to that temperature. Undoing the metal to turn it into an alloy. Mithril was no steel; it was a pure metal. Then, letting it rapidly cool away from the fire. Turning it into a billet. Then…
It was going to be a single thing. Made in two pieces, she realized. But this was no sword. Mithril, Grasgil, and Vetil went together. The clear metal of Vetil along one side; the bottom?
No, top. The two sides came up. The fire roared, and Emessa felt it begin to sting her, despite her Skill.
“Now toss me the amulet!”
Pelt was roaring as his hammer sang. Like all his work, he moved so fast that even mithril flowed around the way he wanted it. Emessa did.
“What is it, master? Do you need it?”
“Me?”
He looked at her. The Dwarf began laughing.
“I already have what it does. Don’t you know, apprentice? This—is an artifact I bought from Gold-ranks too stupid to realize what it was. What it could be. This is an Amulet of Greater Fire Resistance.”
He held up the glowing locket, forged like a burning flame itself, bright red. He tore the chain off the amulet. And then—pressed it into the Vetil heart of the glowing…
Emessa saw what it was as the smith took his hand away.
Two parts. Both like bowls…but identical, save for one with the amulet buried in what would be the top. And both sides had grooves carved into the mithril alloy. Put them together and twist and they would lock.
A canister. A container. Pelt did so now, as the metal cooled. He had created…a mithril box.
Or, the Drake realized, the most flameproof container she had ever seen. The glowing amulet fixed in the mithril container—the Grasgil forged into mithril—
“Apprentice. You must know what this is. Tell me now, or throw away your hammer.”
Pelt looked at her. Emessa gulped. But she spoke, almost without thinking.
“It’s…a crucible, master?”
He smiled. And it was a rare smile from master to student.
“A [Smith] without my Skills will make his own forge. Make his own anvil. Even his tools. Look—did you know I made this hammer myself?”
He held it out to her. She studied the dull metal, covered by soot. And she saw Pelt shake his head.
