8.09
Page 10
And then…well, Ulvama went back to watching movies for the rest of the day. She had her priorities straight. Let everyone else worry about how to fix the frozen Human. It looked annoying and complicated to her.
 
—-
 
The failed Potion of Regeneration had no lasting effect whatsoever. No, none at all.
It wasn’t as if the image of the frozen young woman was traumatizing, or hope, reignited and then snuffed out, affected someone.
The Horns were marching on the Village of the Dead. They had told everyone who was able to make it to hurry.
Some would not make it. Wall Lord Ilvriss, exasperated, argued with Ceria. But she did not budge on the timeline.
Even so, it caused arguments. Not least because the Silver Swords were ready to turn around.
“We are two days from the port! Ylawes, we will not make it. Believe me—there is something going on at Wistram.”
“Is it worth more than our friends’ lives? My sister is taking part in that raid. And that threat is Named-rank, Falene!”
Ylawes Byres and Falene Skystrall were arguing fiercely; they had stopped in the road. It was an unusual sight. Normally they were quite able to resolve all differences.
But Falene was dragging them to Wistram. And Ylawes wanted to go to the Village of the Dead.
The call had been put out, but they were far from the Village of the Dead, having gone west to a port-city, rather than northeast, past Invrisil to the landmark of death.
“We need to be there.”
“We will not make it. If Ceria has any sense, she won’t try that place—or if she does, she is capable of retreating, as is your sister, Ylawes. And unless you have a Scroll of Greater Teleport…”
Dawil Ironbreaker tugged at his beard. The [Knight] and [Battlemage] were glaring at each other. Ylawes and Falene turned to him, almost at the same time.
“Dawil, help me convince Falene we must go back!”
“Dawil, tell Ylawes he is being unreasonable.”
The Dwarf sighed. He scratched at his chin and spoke.
“We won’t make it to the Village of the Dead before the Horns go in, lad. If Ceria’s willing to wait, we’ll turn back, sure enough. Ask her, Falene. You too, lad. Otherwise, we’re Wistram-bound.”
The [Knight] and half-Elf looked at each other. Neither was pleased, but both nodded.
“Let me compose the [Message] to Ceria, Falene.”
“Oh—very well.”
Exasperated, the half-Elf acquiesced. Dawil got off his pony to stretch his legs. They were probably camped for the day.
He sat by himself. Erin Solstice remained dead, then. He wondered if it was all futile.
Dawil tugged hard at his beard. It wasn’t for him to decide. They were bound in Falene’s plans. They could go questing for a cure…but Wistram was good as anywhere else for that, actually.
And she had a hunch Wistram related to Erin and…Dawil had agreed, which was why he was expecting to continue on his journey after Ylawes failed to convince his sister.
She, he, and the Horns in general were as stubborn as Ylawes could be. Which meant no one was shifting the other. The Dwarf sat back. Unconsciously, he pulled out a little axe.
He was an [Axe Champion], after all. Despite favoring the hammer he used. But the little throwing axe glinted in the light. He never touched the edge, and the sheath itself was designed not to rub against the blade.
A beautiful tool. He wondered how much it was worth to an Archmage. He had never considered selling it. Not once. He knew some of his people would actually hunt him down and murder him if he did.
He had met one such in Liscor. Briefly.
 
—-
 
Then.
“Master Pelt? I was hoping we could commission some armor or weapons for—”
