8.09
Page 19
There was no note. No instructions. No tools beyond the crucible and metal. That was the point.
Teaching. A Blacksmith’s Puzzle to end all puzzles. And the reward was—
Maughin dropped his hammer. And he had not done so since he was a boy learning his craft. The great Dwarf [Smith] had passed down a challenge.
To a worthy smith. He saw Emessa turning away. He called out after her. But then she was running, laughing, giddy.
It was the day a potion had failed to do a thing for Erin Solstice. And had no consequences. Whatsoever.
 
—-
 
Pelt, the Hammer of Deríthal-Vel. His name echoed for a moment. Adamantium smith. Master craftsman.
A passed era of greatness. But one that might see a second dawning, if not so brilliant. A [Smith] did not lose their talents with time.
…Less so for those in professions that took harsher tolls.
The Couriers of Izril had diminished over the events of the spring and summer. Four had died, a harsh number. In other times, it might be taken as a sign that the Runner’s Guild was lowering its standards.
Some people did say that. For, Mihaela Godfrey had been bested by the Assassin’s Guild and Lacel the Leaper had perished, as well as the Firedrake. The Courier of the Antinium Wars had lost her edge. She was a Guildmistress, no longer the Courier to inspire.
So some people said. For proof, why not look at her son, Valceif Godfrey, who had perished at the hands of common [Bandits]?
Of course, they did not say this around other Couriers or anywhere near First Landing. But that was three.
And the last, Tritel, the Moonlight Rider—well, he had made the Courier’s mistake of thinking he was an adventurer, hadn’t he? Three Couriers versus three [Assassins] of high, possibly roughly-equal levels. What did you think would happen?
Four dead, when it was rare for two Couriers to be certified in a year. Was this a referendum on the Runner’s Guild? A sign of Izril’s complacency?
Or was it just talk from people who had no idea what they were saying? Couriers—try running the places they went and then complain.
The truth was simply that running deliveries was not a job for the old. That change happened all too quickly. Couriers rose and fell. And…changed.
They said two new Couriers had emerged from the deaths of the old. One was familiar—but different.
Salamani, the Mage Runner, had inherited Tritel’s last will and legacy. His partner, Ci, rather. They called him the Mage Rider—and whether it was a partnership that would last was unknown.
And—there was one new Courier whose name people still remembered. The Wind Runner of Reizmelt.
Ryoka Griffin.
 
—-
 
A [Bandit] group waiting in ambush was looking for a juicy target. They were watching caravans, passing up the heavily-guarded [Merchant] with thirty [Mercenaries]. A lone [Trader], a City Runner who might be carrying something good—they had a [Stalker] with an arrow trained on the road.
“Anything? What about that one?”
“I’m lining up a shot. Shut up.”
He was sighting down the arrow at a carriage. The [Bandit Leader] was a former [Warrior], a hard fighter who ruled the group by force.
“What do you see?”
The man grumbled.
“[Mark’s Eye] says they’re as poor as shit. We could still take the horses—”
“We go after someone and the road’s dead all day. Wait. There’s a Runner. That one?”
They saw a young woman running down the road at a good clip. The [Stalker] brightened.
“There’s something nice on her. Might be jewelry. Not the best mark, but—”
“It’s better than anything we’ve got. Get ready—we get her and the horses.”
