8.09
Page 0

The Wandering Inn is going to be working with editors and holding a contest for paid, professional editors to apply! Please spread the word and find out more details here!
 
The great king raised his hand and spoke a single word.
“Advance.”
Legions moved. Tens of thousands of bodies, pouring forwards across the ground, heedless of arrows and spells raining down around them.
The Golden Ranks of Medain along with the army proper unleashed enough spell and firepower to vaporize the ground itself. Plumes of smoke rose from volleys of [Fireballs], bolts of lightning which crisscrossed the sky and left afterimages.
They charged through smoke, towards the walls glowing with magic. A thousand must have died in the first volley alone.
But they feared nothing. And their king ruled beyond death itself.
Even so, the undead wave of Khelt looked as though it would break on the walls, for siege ladders or more sophisticated gear was missing. Would they, like undead, simply climb on top of each other until they reached the top? But the walls were twenty feet high and filled with strong defenders on every foot of space.
“Now. Swarm the gap. Commanders of Khelt, lead your forces in only after the ranged defenses are down. I shall join the vanguard.”
The living members of Khelt’s army looked at Fetohep of Khelt, not understanding. Each one had a semi-autonomous force; Fetohep commanded the army as a whole, but he entrusted the living with their own forces that they might level and handle events he could not foresee. But they were young and did not have the undead’s intrinsic connection with their ruler.
What gap? The walls of Medain’s border fortress were unyielding. What g—
The Jaw of Zeikhal, the great beast, charged. The defenders, who had confidently seen the first wave of undead disappear, began to fire spells at it. Trying to stop it. They had known they had to bring down the great beast.
But it had stayed well clear of the undead. They would let the creatures mass to destroy this one titan. They were Gold-rank adventurers. They knew their business. And besides. The thing had so far to run, into spells and projectiles. It couldn’t dodge; it was arguably larger than the fort itself!
Few living beings had ever seen one of the Jaws of the Great Desert move. The giant creature of chitin and bone began to move as fast as someone jogged. Then—the speed of a horse. Then—the air itself left a vacuum in its wake.
It hit the wall and broke through enchanted masonry in an explosion of sound and debris. Fetohep motioned it back; he was already riding at the gap with the undead massing. Screams from the living, confusion.
The construct was already pulling back. The spells had damaged its armor, but it would be repaired. And the undead—
Skeletal warriors charged through the gap. The stunned forces of Medain found themselves locking blades and shields with a force that fought with skill, unlike mundane skeletons that knew only to attack and defend. They fought in ranks! They ran—they had actual armor—
Then a golden light, among the glowing flames in the eye sockets. The King of Khelt rode through the lines of undead. An adventurer raised a bow and aimed an arrow.
“[Seeking Shots]! [Double Shot]! [Sonic Arrow]—”
The arrows cut the air and exploded, too fast for the naked eye to fully track.
They missed.
Fetohep had leaned out of the way of the arrows before they had been shot. They tried to curve, even so; he twisted around them and they were unable to hit him and detonated in the ranks of the undead.
