8.09
Page 24
“You’re one of the faster Couriers in Izril based on those speeds, Ryoka. I imagine there are limits.”
“Yeah. Like flying monsters. I’m not taking deliveries anywhere with Wyverns or Griffins.”
Ryoka shuddered. She’d ran afoul of some damn geese on the second day. They were aggressive, pecking bastards.
“I imagine you’re also grounded when it’s raining or thundering?”
“Yep. On foot for that.”
“I can actually add a note for prospective clients. Have you taken any private orders?”
“No. Why?”
Alime’s eyes glittered with mirth.
“Has anyone told you there are people asking for you?”
Ryoka stared. Couriers did get private orders; City Runners were rarer, but Couriers would get private requests all the time. And she had sixty eight—
“Sixty eight?”
“You don’t have to answer any of them. You’re popular and your name is out there, so everyone wants you. Would you like to see them?”
“I—sure.”
“I’ll have to get them—[Receptionists] will have to request the details, for privacy’s sake. I won’t even be able to open them; you’ll get it from our in-house [Mage] or the Mage’s Guild for your eyes only. Also, there is a fee to have all of them scribed. Sixty eight would be a bit.”
“I…see. Um—uh—I’ll tell you what. Can you write out…six? And I’ll look at them. I’m going to visit a friend.”
 
—-
 
Lupp the [Corn Farmer] was arguably one of Ryoka’s few friends. An interesting friendship, to be sure. But one that had helped both.
Ryoka had gotten corn that had…impressed…even the fae. Lupp? Well, he’d gotten famous.
Literally.
“[Famed Sweetcorn Farmer]?”
Ryoka Griffin exclaimed in the man’s homey kitchen. Lupp tried to keep from smiling too much. He modestly scratched at his head.
“Not my doing. I owe it all to you, Miss Ryoka. And to Eldert. You two kept talking me up, and I suppose it was why I was leveling out of nowhere. Got some nice Skills too.”
“Such as? Thank you so much, by the way, Miss Ryoka. Father, show her your new corn!”
Lupp’s daughter was present. She had visited her father, perhaps because of the news, and Ryoka found Lupp’s farmhouse more crowded than it had ever been.
…As in, there were about six people present. Lupp looked overwhelmed at the number of people, frankly. But two of the House of El’s security forces were still watching his farm for trouble. Ryoka had been aghast to learn about the close call on his life and apologized—Lupp seemed to take it in stride.
Or at least, he hadn’t said anything with his daughter and the two [Soldiers] around. As for the last member…Lupp’s daughter, Kamine, and Ryoka, and the House of El’s guards, were all trading glances at…
Eldertuin the Fortress. The Named Adventurer had visited Lupp and Ryoka had knocked to find him opening the door.
Named Adventurer! Eldertuin Terland! In service to Ulva Terland herself as a [Bodyguard]!
Ryoka kept those screaming thoughts inside. She smiled at the veteran adventurer.
“Eldert. You arrived an hour before Ryoka—I was going to show you—fancy digging a bit and see if your Skills still work?”
Lupp smiled at his former neighbor-turned-adventurer. Kamine was scandalized.
“Father! Adventurer Eldertuin is…a Named Adventurer! You can’t say that!”
“He was Eldert to me. Fancy names don’t change who he was. Used to be able to hoe a section of ground in half the time I did. What about it?”
“Argh. And I thought I’d never hold a hoe again. Fine, Lupp. But only for you.”
Eldert, in the company of Lupp, was almost as down-to-earth as Lupp. Although Ryoka had a sense it was him coming back to his roots; he had been more ‘official’ as Ulva’s bodyguard.
