8.09
Page 4
Venitra, the Chosen, stared at Fetohep. The six Chosen out of the seven all hesitated. The four originals stared at Toren.
Accusingly. He flinched; now they were angry at him because…they couldn’t make him tell them what to say that would earn their master’s approval.
“Is it because he is undead, master? And thus more undead means more enemies of the living?”
After a long thought, Ijvani raised one hand. Az’kerash was dismayed.
“Not just that, Ijvani. That is the…least accurate of the answers, although it is one. Do you see nothing grand? Nothing…?”
He looked at their blank faces and sighed.
 
—-
 
The Necromancer was no fool. Toren had been ‘helping’ the Chosen to impress him, but Az’kerash was intelligent. Oblivious at times, changed by death and immortality, yes.
But he began picking up a…flaw in his children.
It might have been time. Toren was the oldest leveling undead by far. They were newborns if you ranked them that way, and they had been created and raised in different conditions.
Nature and nurture. Az’kerash had confirmed his hunches by replaying something that he also had watched on repeat.
The King of Duels’ first match with the King of Destruction. Toren liked that one too. That plucky Human [King], being thrown around but stabbing that other one—he liked the agile Human, having a lot of sympathy for Raelt’s dilemma versus the tougher, stronger, King of Destruction.
Toren saw the point. Az’kerash hopefully turned to Ijvani this time.
“Ijvani. Let us not talk about whether you enjoyed the duel. But give me your honest opinion. In that battle, who—no, what would be your preferred outcome?”
Clever. Toren watched as Ijvani thought, her eyes glowing with uncertainty. He would have preferred if Raelt won. Az’kerash too, it seemed, because he smiled when Ijvani began with that.
“I would have preferred at the last exchange, Master, if the blade had struck true and the other [King] died.”
“Ah! Yes! A victory for the King of Duels?”
Ijvani, encouraged, smiled. Her eyes lit up.
“Yes, at first, master! And then—the King of Destruction, with his last breath, smashes the King of Duel’s skull in.”
Toren and Az’kerash stopped getting excited. Ijvani wasn’t even done, though. She began gesturing.
“And at that moment, a fissure opens and all of the armies fall into it! Then a volcano erupts and the city is destroyed!”
“That is a good ending!”
Venitra pounded a fist into her palm, excitedly. Toren had suggested the more animated gesture, and she kept employing it, hoping Az’kerash would keep praising her.
The Necromancer stared at his creations.
“I…see.”
He looked at Toren. And the skeleton saw his eyes flicker to his creations; even Wesixa and Devail seemed more enthused by Ijvani’s ending.
That he had work to do did not fill the Necromancer with dread, but a kind of resolve. He locked himself in his study, pondering the issue.
And…trying to figure out a conundrum.
 
—-
 
Toren cared not for Az’kerash. He was willing to admit the Necromancer was…interesting. He was really good with the pointy, flexy-swords. Rapiers and such. Better than Toren, actually.
And Az’kerash knew what Toren thought. He, unlike every other person, could understand Toren, sometimes asked what the skeleton thought.
The problem was his damn kids, four of whom delighted in bullying and breaking Toren’s bones. He would have put Az’kerash squarely in the ‘sort of nice to have around’ camp, otherwise.
