8.09
Page 32
And—Seborn pulled back his dark clothing to reveal shining chainmail.
“Lightweight stuff. Custom-made by Maughin of Pallass.”
He told the other admiring adventurers. One whistled; even Ulinde and Jelaqua had armor. Light for the Selphid [Spellslinger]. Jelaqua?
Jelaqua had plate armor. Her lover had not sent her without all the help he could muster.
“We’re going to the Village of the Dead. Any team who wants to join us—we can ride together. We’ll hire the carriages.”
Jelaqua announced to the room. The Gold-rank teams hesitated. Jewel bit her tongue. It was still reckless.
“Even if it’s two teams, you’re outnumbered.”
One of the newer Gold-rank adventurers pointed out. Moore shifted in his seat. The female adventurer gulped.
“I just meant—”
“Moore.”
Jelaqua put a hand on his arm. The half-Giant looked away. Jelaqua replied with a smile. Not a happy one but—just a smile.
“We’re adventurers. The Horns say this place has something special—we’re going in. For the [Innkeeper] of Liscor. And you’re wrong, friend. We’re not going alone.”
There were voices from the guild’s main hall. Jewel rose as another team entered. To the surprise of Invrisil’s adventurers, they saw…
Drakes. In armor. The heavy-armored group marched in.
“Are those—Drake adventurers?”
“Flamewardens. That’s Pallass’ Gold-rank team.”
Someone muttered. Jewel saw Keldrass remove his helmet and look around.
“Shame we can’t stay here. So this is Invrisil’s Guild? Are we sitting here? The other teams can’t get in.”
“We could ask for an exception.”
Other teams? Jewel craned her head. Then—more Drakes appeared.
Lifwail Blades. Another Gold-rank team. The Wings of Pallass weren’t present. But a Wall Lord had spoken. So more teams were waiting behind them.
“Gemhammer, The Pride of Kelia, Pithfire Hounds—Silver-ranks. The Silver Swords would join us if they weren’t so far away. All but two teams in Liscor are coming through. Now—who’s coming from Invrisil?”
Jelaqua put her foot on a stool and looked around.
Ceria had put out the call. The Horns, though…they were new. New to their rank. But Jelaqua? She had led teams before. She turned her head, waiting. It just took one—she needed a force to bring to Ceria. She had promised.
The southern teams waited, stares challenging. The Gold-ranks hesitated. To say it now was to not be able to go back. Not here.
Then, someone spoke.
“We’re going too.”
The Selphid turned. She saw a team, fresh off their horses, stride into the guild. She blinked—then smiled.
“There you are.”
“Why are you waiting around?”
Halrac stopped next to her. Revi, Typhenous, and Briganda entered the room. Jelaqua grinned.
“We were just leaving. Who’s with us?”
Jewel pushed back her chair at the same time as half a dozen adventurers. And that was the first moment. She felt her heart beating.
Reckless. Dangerous. She began ordering her teammates to stock up on gear.
Because they were going to the Village of the Dead.
 
—-
 
To the north, it was a dead zone. Even grass died the closer you came to the Village of the Dead. Only one group of people were in the area; animals fled, as did people.
They had camped there for days now. And they were as yet alone. They might go in alone.
But their friends had promised to come.
“We could still wait. That is the strategic move. Wall Lord Ilvriss, Ylawes, they have promised to send aid or come.”
“We’re not waiting, Ksmvr. The Potion failed. Who knows if she can be frozen forever? We’re going in. If the other teams arrive, they won’t wait for weeks.”
