8.09
Page 3
They had been the original four, along with Oom who had died. Now, more joined their number. Three Chosen had been created.
Toren saw them wandering about. He was less likely to run from them than the original four; they didn’t smash him in an instant for being there.
Devail had been first of the new. A…meat undead? All sinew, no bone. No flesh, so you couldn’t call him a Flesh Golem; he carried a rapier and could slither through cracks in a wall.
And perform inhuman stunts while fencing. Az’kerash was teaching him, personally.
Next had been a unique creation, even for Az’kerash. Born out of…conversations, or so Toren understood. Conversation with who? The skeleton didn’t ask. He just swept up and had heard Az’kerash mention this while looking for rats to feed Healing Slime. Not that Toren was sure the slime really liked rats, but he was always looking for more foods for his friend.
The second undead was called Wesixa; she was a combination of two creators. Belavierr and Az’kerash, as per their deal. But she was the Necromancer’s. And she was…
Chitinous. Not spider-like, although Toren understood she was compounded out of that; she was rather…unique. Toren understood that Az’kerash had told Wesixa that she would have to ‘upgrade herself’.
“You are based on this skeleton, Wesixa, in theory. Your chitin was not the sublime material I forged Venitra out of, for example. I have not stockpiled such; I did not animate arachnids or insects as a rule.”
“Then, am I inferior, father?”
The undead creature had appeared distressed. She had lots of ‘eyes’ in her body. Which were more like…empty holes from which a kind of light shone. And uh, she was held together with thread—connecting her individual parts. Belavierr’s magic, but Wesixa produced her own thread.
She rearranged herself, that more eyes might track Az’kerash. He reached out and gently touched her…Toren noted that her ‘head’ could move from midsection upwards. That, at least, was somewhat insectile.
Puppet-Arachnid Golem thing. Toren edged away and put some Sage’s Grass into his skull cavity as Az’kerash addressed his child.
“You are inferior to nothing, Wesixa. Rather, I hope you will grow in more than just level. You will create yourself, and I hope you will be one of the proudest of my creations.”
“Then I will try, father.”
The new Chosen called Az’kerash ‘father’. Well—two of them did. The old ones had trouble with it. And all of them had trouble with…well, it was Fetohep who had revealed it.
After the revelation of Jecrass’ deal, Fetohep’s appearance, Az’kerash had looked at Toren. The skeleton had flinched; he’d crept out of hiding because he’d been so entranced.
But the Necromancer read his thoughts. He could find Toren anywhere, even the time Toren had stolen an [Invisibility] scroll. And he could read Toren’s thoughts.
“You approve?”
Toren had nodded repeatedly. The Necromancer smiled.
The Chosen did not. Wesixa and Devail looked confused. The Chosen…
“I do not understand, Master. That undead is not your creation. It was once living and has the mind of the living thing it was. Why do you approve?”
Az’kerash’s brow furrowed. He turned to the bone woman, who had stomped Toren’s skull in yesterday. Toren hid behind him and made gestures at Venitra, despite knowing she didn’t understand what they meant and would hunt him later. He was getting better at running away.
“I admire Fetohep of Khelt greatly, Venitra. I have always done so. To see him thus liberated is…rewarding. Do you see nothing to admire? Ijvani, Bea, Kerash, Wesixa, Devail?”
