8.09
Page 21
And that was with her landing twice to stretch out her arms; they got tired, as did her body in the gliding position for such a long time. She wondered if she could just strap herself into the glider and not have to hold it.
Well, it was an uneventful first leg of the journey aside from the [Bandits]. Ryoka had wavered when she saw them, but who else sat in a thicket near the road? She’d dumped sand out of her bag of holding and warned the City Runner.
Ryoka circled twice, but saw the [Bandits] break towards the hills rather than the road. So she flew on, and landed at one of the towns along her route.
Not in the city, but just outside the gates. Ryoka shook out her arms, hopped up and down to pump some blood into her legs, and then stowed the glider in her bag of holding. She had to disassemble parts of it; it didn’t fit in one go, but it was relatively painless. She jogged up to the gates.
“City Runner on delivery!”
The [Guards] stared at her. Ryoka Griffin waved her seal. After a second, one of the [Town Guards] leaned down.
“Isn’t that Courier? Dead gods, Miss! You just flew here? You’re—the Wind Runner of Reizmelt!”
Ryoka blinked. She’d forgotten her new designation. And she saw the [Town Guards] all abandon their gates.
“That was amazing! What’s that thing you were flying?”
“I saw you on the scrying orb! Could—could I try flying with that thing?”
“Hey, will you sign my helmet? An auto-graph? Here—someone get some parchment!”
It was not the first such encounter she’d have that day. Indeed, Ryoka took almost as long getting to the Runner’s Guild in the small town as she had flying there; everyone wanted to see the Wind Runner.
The adults were caught between amazement, the thrill of seeing a Courier, and horrified fascination at the idea of flying. Some wanted to try it, others just wanted to ask how Ryoka did it.
But Ryoka’s real, hardcore fans, the ones who’d been there from the start, flocked around her without reservation, begging for just one flight.
Children. Ryoka’s biggest fans were either children or types like adventurers, thrill-seekers, teens who had been like her. The Wind Runner, overwhelmed by it all, refused everyone a turn on the glider. The wind liked her, but even she couldn’t guarantee it wouldn’t try to flip her in the air for ‘fun’. She could survive that; a random person, no.
However, she did provide some amusement. A spare parachute and children were taking turns being ‘flown’ in a little basket. They screamed with delight and the adults looked on, some trying to hide their jealousy; they were too heavy, by and large. And it was beneath their dignity or something.
Ryoka smiled at that, as the [Mayor]’s son went screaming past her, pursued by the anxious woman herself, who wasn’t convinced he was quite safe. She stayed nearly two hours, then practically begged to deliver the sheaf of letters and several parcels from Riverfarm.
“I really must go. I’m sorry, but I’m trying to get to Reizmelt by evening—excuse me, I’ll take any correspondence that way.”
“All of it, Miss? We’ve got a lot you could take if your bag of holding’s big enough…”
Ryoka saw the [Receptionist] at the Runner’s Guild hesitate. Some of the City Runners and Street Runners who’d queued up to shake her hand and say what an amazing run they’d seen looked dismayed.
So, Ryoka caught herself and, mindful of the other Couriers she’d met, amended her statement.
“—Er, sorry. I mean, any priority mail or packages. Nothing local. Anything over two or three towns or which needs to get there fast.”
“Ah, very good, Miss Griffin. We’ve got…seven items.”
