8.09
Page 7
In this case, the reason his mind had picked up on it was because of the connections made. Content. He devoted two more ‘selves’ to analyzing it as he read a book and tried to alter a [Preservation] spell.
Hoarding and Hostility: How to Deal With Negative Traits, by Kassi the [Carer].
It was a Drake book, but it was surprisingly hard to get ahold of literature for adults raising children. Books weren’t that commonplace.
More mini-Az’s came back with a trace of the first [Message] spell in this ‘chain’ of conversation and all asides. They reviewed the findings to see if it actually mattered, then began kicking his mind, so to speak. Az’kerash focused his full mind on—
 
(Delivery Details) – To Lyonette du Marquin of The Wandering Inn, from Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar, copy to Ceria Springwalker, Horns of Hammerad.
(Content) – Miss Marquin, I have obtained a partial Potion of Regeneration and am sending it to Liscor with all haste. I have hired my own security and escort with Salazsar’s transport rather than entrusting it to a Courier; they will arrive at Liscor in three days or less unless there are delays in changing mounts. I hope that it will aid Miss Solstice. 
–Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar, sent by Alrric, [Administrator].
(Additional Notes) – 1st-rate delivery requested, City Runner for immediate delivery, replies paid in full, unlimited content. Maximum confidentiality.
 
The Necromancer blinked. He stripped the superfluous details and checked—yes, there was a reply! What was the date on this?
Two days ago. Az’kerash frowned. There were two replies. One from the north…the other from coordinates precise enough that he could almost be certain it was coming from Oteslia.
Not Liscor.
 
Ceria to Lyonette and Ilvriss, did you really get it? We’re holding off on the Village of the Dead. Please tell us if there’s anything we can do. I can arrive if you need ice-magic!
 
Lyonette to all, I am not at Liscor. However, I have sent immediate word to the inn and [Mages] Palt, Bezale, or Montressa will be there to receive the potion. Thank you, Wall Lord Ilvriss. Ceria, I will tell you if you are needed. I am preparing to return home if news is good. Thank you again.
 
He went over and confirmed—yes, a [Message] spell to ‘Palt’…the Necromancer kept blinking.
A few thoughts ran through his head.
 
Ilvriss, a Wall Lord of Salazsar paid for a Potion of Regeneration?
            Calculating the cost, even at market value would be exorbitant, even for a Wall Lord
            He was with Zel Shivertail. Danger?
                        None shown; under scrutiny. Remember this.
 
Oteslia? Why would that young woman—
            Ah, antidotes, logical.
                        Odds of antidote low, however.
            Reinhart is at Oteslia.
            I wonder if there are good books on child rearing in Oteslia? Manus and Pallass’ markets have not been as useful.
                        Manus does not surprise me.
 
The Village of the Dead is dangerous.
 
His eyes snapped open. Az’kerash terminated the parallel thoughts speaking and refining themselves before he was caught in a thought-trap. Left alone, they’d list every salient fact until he was recalling market figures in Oteslia from decades ago.
“A Potion of Regeneration.”
The Necromancer sat there. He began to stretch his magical connections and mental ones out. Monitoring Liscor’s [Message] spells. Extrapolating. Was there a chance a potion might…?
“Awaken.”
