8.09
Page 8
In a cave, bones assembled. Something crept out, ignoring the remainder of the Shield Spiders, betrayers of the ancient alliance of oaths, now replenishing their numbers in treachery. It left the Defenders of the Cave’s broken sanctuary.
Two Shield Spiders objected to the creation of death. They tried to kill the bone-beaver. The glowing, green eyes in the sockets flashed.
Az’kerash had no time to waste on pests. His creation rapidly raced past the fragments of chitin and twisted legs. It zipped across the Floodplains, invisible, camouflaged.
To see.
It was just in time to witness the Drakes arriving via door from Pallass. The Wall Lord’s representative; it kept well clear of three Drakes armed in full gemstone plate—the Rubirel Guard? It watched as the potion was delivered. The people clustered around.
They were going to try to use it. Az’kerash observed, listening to the commentary about…a [Doctor]? A multi-phase process…yes. He wished he could steal whatever notes they were discussing. But the debate was about using the potion now. It was a Potion of Regeneration! If they warmed her around the frozen bolts…
Desperation and hope. The magical bottle—Az’kerash frowned. There were a lot of powerful auras in this inn. People had gathered. Master Pelt of Pallass—no, Esthelm. Hedault the [Enchanter] of Invrisil, a strange young woman who had no…appraisable level…
The beaver crept around the outside of the inn, watching, as a group of [Mages] talked with friends. They decided it must be done. Attempted, at least.
They brought the frozen girl out into the inn. A little, white Gnoll was kept back, but clung to a Drake’s claw. She watched as they all did. Ice began to melt. Az’kerash watched.
They failed.
He knew it before they began, in truth. But even so, they all watched the potion drip onto wounds—fail to react, and splatter onto the floor. Only a few drops; but what a waste.
Grief a second time. Sorrow. The Necromancer knew it had been desperation that drove them to that. The young woman was refrozen. The Drake delivered the news.
His magic could not heal frozen flesh; similarly, this potion was incapable of it. All that had been done was to waste…
Well, the bone beaver disintegrated then and there. Az’kerash opened his eyes. He wondered, perhaps, if they had done more damage unfreezing and refreezing—although the [Enchanter] leading them had used the ice magic fairly well.
To no effect, the Wall Lord had spent all this effort and time. To no point.
Except one. The [Message] spell went out. The Necromancer read it, as it was sent to multiple sources.
 
We tried it. The potion failed.
 
Replies, from the Wall Lord, Lyonette—formality hiding true emotion, resolve to find an antidote and way of—
And one that mattered to him.
 
Ceria to Palt. We understand. We’re assaulting the Village of the Dead in two days’ time. Wish us luck.
Wall Lord Ilvriss to the Horns of Hammerad. Will you wait for a week or two for additional adventurers from Salazsar?
Ceria to Wall Lord Ilvriss. No, thank you, Wall Lord.
 
“Foolishness.”
Az’kerash whispered. Youth and haste and mortality and—desperation. The kind of madness he had once known. To defy an army by himself. To do battle against any odds.
But the Village of the Dead? He closed his eyes.
When he had first come to Izril, he had tried to claim them.
He had failed and declined to press further than the true interior. He wanted to tell the young man to stop his team.
But would they? The Necromancer remembered the Crelers. He hesitated.
Such moments made legends.
