8.09
Page 6
The skeleton held a burning hand near Toren’s skull. He struggled as Venitra smiled.
“This time burn his skull until it turns to ash, Ijvani.”
“I will. I—”
The two stopped. Toren stopped struggling in the holding spell.
Something was walking towards them. Both Chosen and Toren stopped. Ijvani dropped Toren, abruptly.
The last of the new Chosen stopped and stared. It—she—smiled.
“Hello. I am Maviola. Do you know where my mother, Belavierr, is?”
Toren slowly got up. Ijvani, Venitra, both stared at Belavierr’s price for her work. They slowly shook their heads.
“Your…creator…has left the castle.”
“She has? I did not know that.”
‘Maviola’ looked—Toren slowly got up and backed down the corridor. He kept facing the last Chosen. Ijvani, Venitra, hesitated, but they were loath to go after them.
Even the Chosen felt uneasy in the presence of what Belavierr had wanted. Toren fled. Belavierr had a few steps on Az’kerash in some ways.
Her creation called her ‘mother’. And she called it—her—her beloved daughter.
Toren had never called himself evil. He just liked killing things. He had admired the [Lady] of flame when he saw her—and shortly before her death. Bravery—he had never thought himself as bad, until the end with Erin.
But the Stitch Witch had shown him evil.
 
—-
 
Az’kerash himself did not like to think of…what had been done by Belavierr. But they were allies of convenience. Then she would leave.
The issue of her was temporary. The issue of teaching his Chosen…less so. He had time. But now he worried about them. After all—he would never uncreate his children. Not now they were people.
You only got one chance. What had all the parents he’d met said? He tried to recall a lifetime’s memories in death.
His companions had been little help. Archmages made for poor parental units, what few of them had children. [Mages]…well, some were decent.
But Perril Chandler’s immediate friends hadn’t been parents, by and large. One or two…he clenched a hand as anger, even a hundred and fifty years later, struck him.
Forget that. His thoughts went searching and found another applicable parent, especially to this situation.
But had Zelkyr been a good father?
“No. If they had been flesh and blood—no. Far from it. I will not do what he did, not part or the whole of it.”
The Necromancer sat there. It was hard to parent alone.
Also, he had so many things to do. A working parent with undead children. His servants and puppets moved, he had dealings in the world, he needed to watch his enemies like Reinhart and Teriarch…
And he had promised that young [Necromancer]. For some reason, that ate most at Az’kerash, driving his thoughts. Of all the things…he did not want to be found out to have lied to Pisces.
He was still stymied. Although—it wasn’t his field. Healing and ice magic. Not exactly high on his areas of expertise. In truth, Az’kerash was moving into searching his collection and the world for spells or artifacts to aid the conundrum he was facing.
“Stasis…a kind of enhanced stasis? I need an artifact not from the [Mage]-schools of magic. Something different. Perhaps—”
As he sat in his rooms, an alarm-thought began pulsing. One of his split minds had detected something; any number of things he monitored for.
[Messages] with ‘Az’kerash’ in them, not encrypted.
People inquiring into undead extermination.
Key phrases with any of the local landmarks or geographical locations in them.
‘Tier 7’, ‘Tier 8’, ‘Tier 9’, ‘Death of Magic’, ‘Named Adventurer’, ‘Relic-class artifact’…oh, the list went on.
