8.09
Page 33
Yvlon was polishing her sword. Checking the edge, though it was enchanted. Ksmvr nodded. She looked up.
The village was silent. Apparently, empty. To her left, she saw a flash of light. A shout.
“Tree rot!”
The magic around Ceria combusted and a flash of light blasted Yvlon and Ksmvr with air.
“Trouble, Ceria?”
The half-Elf came stomping over.
“A bit. Did I get you with anything?”
“Nope.”
“What is it you are failing at, Ceria?”
Ksmvr peered at what had been intricate drawings in the ground. The half-Elf blew out her cheeks.
“Spell circles. It’s the next step in my [Mage] learning. Probably. I don’t know. Illphres sort of outlined her process, and long-term spells—fields of magic—were what she said I should master. Control the battlefield. Greater spells require stuff like that. But I’m not going to master it before…”
She looked ahead. Cold air swirled around her. She was visibly nervous. But she calmed herself and her aura of ice cleared. Yvlon nodded. She couldn’t do more than train with her blade—and she didn’t want to injure herself, or Ksmvr, so they weren’t sparring hard. She turned her head.
“What about you, Pisces? What’s your next step?”
The [Necromancer] glanced up.
“Something else that won’t be ready in time.”
He went back to using a needle to…Yvlon frowned.
“Are you…making another undead?”
“A permanent one.”
Ceria blinked. She looked at him for confirmation. The [Necromancer] replied absently.
“The barest beginnings, yes. It will take months…but I thought it was time. I failed once. But it occurred to me one would be needed. Like Ceria, it will not be ready. We could prepare a year, Ksmvr. But that might become a decade, until we level. Alas. I do not believe we are that patient.”
“No.”
Yvlon rose. She left their camp and walked to the edge of a bluff facing the Village of the Dead. It looked so…empty. But every instinct she had, no Skills needed, told her what would happen when they approached it.
They hadn’t. Not yet, in case they woke something. She remembered the dungeon of Liscor and folded her arms.
It will be different this time. It had to be. This was not for glory, but Erin. Pisces told them that if they recovered just one Relic-class artifact…
Her silver-steel arms glinted in the light. The grim [Armsmistress] stood there, contemplating the odds and seeing no reason to turn back. Not for her. But her team…
Ksmvr joined her. He glanced at Yvlon, then folded both arms and his third arm over that. She smiled at him.
Someone put his foot on the bluff. Pisces. He…folded his arms and struck a pose, chin raised. Yvlon stopped smiling at Ksmvr and glared at him. He grinned at her.
“What are we doing, posing? Let me in.”
Ceria joined them, arms folded, standing sideways. Both of them sniggered at Yvlon. She debated kicking them down the short incline.
Then they stopped. The Horns looked at each other. Then at the Village of the Dead. Pisces sighed.
“How does it go? Our team motto? Death before dishonor?”
“Something like that. Calruz said it. I prefer ‘let’s not die, and get lots of loot’.”
“That is a very admirable statement, Captain Ceria. I find many practical elements in it.”
Yvlon smiled. She looked at them. Then the Horns stared ahead.
“Three days. That’s how long this place has to remain standing.”
“For the [Innkeeper] of Liscor.”
Pisces agreed. He looked ahead, and Yvlon thought he looked more noble the less he pretended towards it. Ceria smiled. She sat down and dangled her legs over the edge. Ksmvr looked at Yvlon.
“Let us not die and get lots of loot.”
He suggested. They laughed. The Village of the Dead waited.
