8.09
Page 20
The [Bandit Leader] called to the others in the underbrush. The group of twelve readied themselves. The [Stalker] grumbled as he changed the position of his bow, tracking the possible City Runner.
“Well? Hurry up!”
One of the [Raiders] whispered loudly, already on horseback with a spear. He scratched at his hair; he had lice to the [Stalker]’s keen eyes. Disgusted, the man snapped back.
“Give me a moment! It’s not easy hitting a moving target! I just need—”
He drew back, calculating range, the environment. He felt a moment of regret, but he aimed for her chest, not legs. No taking chances. He held his breath for a moment—
And the wind changed. The [Stalker] cursed and shifted his aim. Just a bit—he felt the wind growing stronger. Stronger—
“Dead gods damn it, is this a gale or what?”
He snapped. The [Stalker] relaxed slightly. And he heard a muffled curse.
“What?”
“It’s—above—”
The man with the bow looked up as the [Bandits] stared up. He saw a strange thing in the sky. A triangle? His first reaction was to fear a wild Griffin. But no—not a bird or monster. It was…a person. She flew overhead.
“That’s—”
And she was looking at him. The [Stalker] and the woman holding onto the glider locked eyes. He cursed, swinging his bow up—
The dust cloud blasted over the [Bandits]. The Courier—the Wind Runner of Reizmelt tilted her glider and spun down.
“Bandits in the brush! Run!”
She shouted over the scream of the wind and curses of the ambush group. The City Runner did a double-take. She turned and sprinted back the way she’d come. So did the couple in the carriage and people on the road.
“That bitch!”
Sand and grit was whipping around the [Bandits], blasting them in the eyes. The [Stalker] cursed, but he was aiming at the shape as she swooped up.
“I’ll kill her. I’ll—”
A vice of iron pulled his arms down. The [Stalker]’s shot went wide.
“Boss!”
“Are you mad? That’s a Courier! We have minutes before someone’s on us. Get moving! Everyone in the saddle! We’re running!”
The [Bandit Leader] bellowed. Cursing, the [Stalker] shouted an insult at the Wind Runner, already flying past them. He went running for his horse as the [Bandit Leader] shielded her face with her arm.
To herself, she watched Ryoka Griffin soar off. The former [Warrior] grinned.
“Besides. I saw her on the scrying orb. And it was a damn good run.”
She watched as the Wind Runner flew on.
Ryoka Griffin had weird fans.
 
—-
 
The Wind Runner, the Courier, flew her first delivery as an actual Courier and it was the strangest feeling ever.
For one thing, she flew. Ryoka was still amazed she could actually do that.
But it had been a smooth flight. She’d taken off from Riverfarm, and found the ‘right’ breeze in the sky, going the right way. Well—she’d had the sense of where the wind was blowing from the start.
She could have burned her own mana for her personal wind, and she did twice when the wind changed, going up or down to find the right breeze, but Ryoka found that her travel was now…holding onto the glider and watching the world go by.
Was this less taxing, less athletic, than running? Was it cool as all heck? Yes to both accounts. Ryoka covered the distance from Riverfarm to her destination in…a fifth of the time it would take on foot? And that was taking regular shots of stamina potion with the wind at her back already. Even with Boots of Speed or whatever—no comparison.
