8.09
Page 15
She’d always wondered why Pelt had enchanted items like the amulet in his possession. She knew it was magical, but the Dwarf never used it. He tossed it all on the road, then looked around.
“A damned road, apprentice? Well, fine. You—you lot, stand there. A thousand paces that way. You—that way. No one goes past. This won’t take more than an hour. If they have to, they can climb all the way…”
He indicated a vast circle around him. The [Smiths] exchanged looks. Some of Esthelm’s residents were coming out, watching.
What was he doing? The Dwarf had half of the adamantium sample with him. Was he actually going to…? Emessa looked at him.
“Master? What is this for?”
“Teaching. Apprentice—you can watch, I suppose. Hands help. But when I tell you to—go with the others.”
The [Smith] didn’t mean teaching her, Emessa realized. He was setting up. Anvil. His personal hammer…tongs…
Few tools compared to what he normally used. No forge, nothing. Just the worst anvil, with a stress-fracture already in it, in the middle of the road. Some people were standing closer.
Pelt threw his hammer and missed an onlooker by a foot. He called it back to him as the woman fled.
“Anyone comes closer than a thousand feet and I will break their toes! And it will be a kindness!”
He bellowed. The audience moved back; even Emessa hadn’t been sure that had been an intentional miss. The [Smith] began laying out the materials.
“Master? What are you making? A blade?”
The Dwarf looked up. He stared at Emessa until she turned red.
“Apprentice, do I look like I have a crucible of metal? Do I look like I have any material? What is this?”
He pointed. She squirmed.
“Adamantium, master. I just meant—”
“Adamantium ore! Adamantium dust! What, are you expecting me to squeeze it into a metal? Put some water in it and make a brick out of it? What do we do, apprentice?”
“Smelt, then forge.”
“And what is the basis of any tool?”
He screamed at her.
“The quality of the metal, Master Pelt! I apologize!”
She screamed back, exasperated despite knowing him. He calmed down.
“Good. Then what we are making is a teaching tool. Pass me the mithril. We’re lacing this with the following…watch. Because I cannot do this twice if I fail.”
He brought out the billets. Pure mithril, without impurity. And then—Emessa saw the other components come out of the canisters.
Grasgil. The cold metal. And—her eyes spotted one of the conductive metals of magic. Vetil, an ore used in artifacts.
“Master. Do you need a fire?”
“Fire. We’re constructing the big forge. But even then—even with Hedault—it wouldn’t be enough, you know. Because we’re using flame spells. Burning damned charcoal. You know adamantium is one of the greatest metals of [Smiths]?”
“Yes, Master. An achievement that makes you world-renowned.”
The young Drake’s eyes were hungrily set on the stuff. Pelt snorted.
“And you can forge it. But it’s easier to forge it with tools. That’s why artifacts for the stuff are fought over by [Smiths]. But that’s not craft. The craft is knowing every moment of it. Adamantium. You know, when they teach us this, the best of us—they make us forge a little bit. A ring. A cup, a fork or dagger. Something trivial. And then you know what they do?”
“No, master.”
He was spreading it all out. Pelt was ready. He left the adamantium in a pile next to the anvil; it was the components, the mithril, Grasgil and such that he was staring at.
