8.09
Page 30
The Gold-rank veteran stared at them. He grinned unpleasantly, testing them. The Ten Razors knew the score. Two glowered, but the rest stood.
Respect for seniority. Alternatively, older adventurers bullying younger ones.
“It’s almost tempting. If they offered money, I’d give it a shot.”
One of Jewel’s teammates muttered after a while. Jewel half-nodded. Tempting. But…
“Hey, aren’t the Horns one of the Silver-ranked teams that got wiped in Liscor’s dungeons? They reformed—but is anyone going to follow them into another death-zone?”
The noisy adventurer got another muted round of laughs as he went on, studying the appeal.
For the [Innkeeper] of Liscor. If there was one reason Jewel would have been interested, it was that. But she wasn’t about to speak up.
“He’s being disrespectful. Why do we even hang out back here? We saw that [Innkeeper]—she commanded the Black Tide. There’s something there, Jewel.”
Jewel’s friend muttered. He turned to the Gold-rank Captain and [Swashbuckler]. She nodded.
“Let’s go to the main room. At least we don’t have to listen.”
Glitterblade was getting up. They had looked around—as some teams had done—when the Horns’ contract was brought up.
Because, despite what the Waterborn Raider said—there was interest. But adventurers watched each other. Some took risks, but calculated ones.
The Horns had taken huge losses at Liscor—but they’d also won at Albez. That sort of squared their record. And they were Hell’s Wardens—a title even Gold-ranks respected.
And the [Innkeeper]…but no one had said they were going, so Invrisil’s adventurers expected the Horns to not raid the Village of the Dead.
Or…do it alone? But that would be madness. Even the Village of the Dead—
Wasn’t that what Gold-ranks did?
Jewel was conflicted. Then—the door opened. Heads swung around. There was a shout.
“Hey! That’s a face I haven’t seen in a while! Is that you, Seborn?”
Jewel turned and saw another Gold-rank team enter the room.
“Who’s that? I know that name.”
She turned to a friendlier team. An old [Mage], a member of the Distinguished Staves of Invrisil, a [Wizard], chuckled.
“Oh, Jewel, that’s the Halfseekers. They’ve been in the south for a while—you know them?”
“The half-Fr—”
Jewel kicked her teammate so fast that the word never came out. The older [Wizard] smiled and nudged one of her sleeping companions; her trio of three were all over fifty. [Mages] who walked to easy requests, blasted it with spells, and thus earned decent pay.
“You’ll like them. Their leader, Jelaqua, is quite friendly. And there’s Moore, such a sweetheart. They’re all friendly—except for Seborn, at times. They had a rough patch…but I hear they took on a new member. Oh, there she is.”
The Gold-ranks were surrounding a new team coming in. Greeting them, exchanging news—Jewel saw one figure’s head rise. She blinked.
A half-Giant. Old Geni waved her hat gently.
“Jelaqua! Moore! Over here!”
They didn’t appear to hear her. The half-Giant was frowning; he didn’t look as friendly as described, but perhaps he was worried about standing on someone’s foot. He did move through the room slowly, looking for a table.
He saw the only one with the Waterborn’s Raider resting his feet there. The half-Giant pointed.
“Excuse me. We need to use this table.”
A nervous Gnoll approached. That had to be the new member; there was a grinning Drake with a flail over her shoulder. Jewel realized both were Selphids. There was a Drowned Man—half crab or maybe lobster—
“Sorry, I’m resting my feet.”
The Waterborn Raider smirked. Ulinde hesitated.
“Look, we need this table. You’re not using it.”
