8.10
Page 37
“It is, it is! No one else has any manners or offers me tea. And when I try to talk about home…please, would you sign something for me? My daughter would love an autograph from Feshi. She’s a huge fan. And I know it’s something you must get asked, but can you talk about Daquin? The sea voyage?”
Wil blinked as she found some paper for him to sign. So did Feshi. But he was only too glad to.
 
—-
 
Three hours later, Feshi stretched as they went outside. As Tkrn and others had observed, if unconsciously, travellers connected. And travellers from roughly the same home meeting abroad connected even more.
“That went well. Although my tail was stiff from sitting on it too long, yes?”
She grinned at Wil. He ducked his head, embarrassed.
“Sorry, Feshi. But it was nice meeting someone from…”
“I understand.”
The Gnoll [Strategist] nodded at him. The two had nearly twenty pieces of faerie flowers, and Lyonette had trusted them with four actual ones at a song. Wil was half-tempted…but Yerra was more important. Besides which, that would be wrong.
“All we need to do is tell the [Herbalist] we want to purchase the pain recipe. Weatherfur Gnolls can probably make it up, right?”
“Our [Shamans] surely can. Then we will go to the Meeting of Tribes.”
“Yes.”
The two students walked along, relieved. Finally something was going right. Feshi kept glancing at Wil. He met her gaze on glance eight.
“So what did you think?”
His eyes were keen. Feshi relaxed.
“I wondered if you had noticed what I noticed.”
“I wonder what you noticed.”
The two students glanced at each other. On the silent count of three, they exchanged notes.
“She smells of a Gnoll, you know. Not—intimately. Young, I think. She said her ‘daughter’, but the ring on her finger does not belong on the finger that says she is married. Nor did I smell that. She’s from Liscor, and she has faerie flowers and stays at Mivifa’s house and knows Saliss of Lights.”
Wil had missed the scents, obviously, and he snapped his fingers as she reminded him about the adventurers.
“I’ve got a bit more, Feshi. Did you notice that she claimed to be from Gaiil-Drome?”
“Was she lying?”
He shrugged.
“She could be from there. But here are my observations: firstly, she never addressed me as a superior, although she used my title several times. I know we’re travellers, but that implies she’s used to familiarity or even thinks we’re of the same rank.”
“Is that salient?”
Feshi tilted her head, trying to emulate what the Professor would say. Wil shrugged.
“I’d argue it is, Feshi. It’s almost instinctual. Second though—her hair’s red.”
“People have red hair.”
“It means more in Terandria. She almost tried to cover it up at first, did you see? I don’t think she expected to meet me. Lastly, she had amazing manners. Every way she sat, the way she offers tea or lets you sip first before she does while making a conversational point…”
He trailed off. Feshi was raising her brows.
“…Do you know much about Calanfer, Feshi?”
“No. I know the war—”
“No, besides that. I need to send a [Message] back home. But I know more since we’re neighbors. Such as the fact that their 6th [Princess] is missing. And…”
Wil glanced over his shoulder.
“…I can’t help but swear I’ve seen her, even outside of maybe a royal portrait. Liscor. Didn’t we see a lot of battles there, when the television was first being invented?”
Feshi was blinking at all the rapid deductions.
“Are you sure, Wil? This is an amazing coincidence, yes?”
“Who else would be travelling in the company of Pallass’ two best [Alchemists]? And have access to a magical flower?”
