8.10
Page 13
“Where I was from you could buy a basket of all kinds of flavors. Some for fun. Those must be vanilla. You can get cinnamon, oatmeal, fly, blood, raisin…”
“Fly? Blood?”
“Oh—those are novelty, mainly. How much did you pay for them?”
“A gold for the basket.”
“A gold? I could get you…thirty cookies at least, in Liscor!”
Venaz’s eyes slid sideways.
“Ah, you did say you were from Liscor. Where they were introduced.”
“Yes—and the popcorn. Although the beef flavor is new.”
“You don’t say. Didn’t the Silverfang tribe bring over baseball and soccer, too? I wanted to see a game, but we missed it.”
“We have all the gear. They might be playing later today.”
“I should like to see that.”
Tkrn realized the Minotaur was finally engaging him in actual conversation. He grinned, and saw Venaz looking attentive. Tkrn realized that this was the moment Krshia had wanted him to set up. He chose his words carefully.
“I could…ask the tribe to set up a game if they’re not planning on it already. You might like baseball. It’s much like swinging a sword—only different. But you can send a baseball flying.”
“That’s quite interesting, thank you. Merrik, Peki—food. Listen to this. I paid for these snacks, but apparently they come from Tkrn’s home city. Liscor.”
“Ooh. Venaz, we’re going to have to buy all this again when Wil and the others get here. I hope Yerra’s got fresh taste buds because I’m going to treat her. Pass it around; they’re getting ready for the finals in the foot race sprints! What’s this about Liscor?”
Inkar, Orreh, and Oor glanced up and cheered at the sight of so many edibles. Tkrn saw the other students turn to him and felt a thrill—not least because it was his city!
“Liscor’s where a lot of this came from. I actually ate cookies on the first day they were brought out. An [Innkeeper]…made them…”
His face fell for a second, but no one else seemed to notice.
“Fantastic stuff. Sweet—chewy—I’d love them as rations. How much did it cost, Venaz?”
“One gold for the basket. Apparently I was overcharged; it’s cheaper in Liscor.”
Peki began to choke on her cookie. So did Oor. Merrik just grimaced.
“Throwing gold around, aren’t you?”
It was clear he and Venaz had more money than the Pomle [Martial Artist]. Venaz just shrugged.
“Pass the pie, will someone?”
He broke a small pie of hot meat in half and offered the other half to someone—Inkar took it and split it again for Tkrn. Venaz chewed happily on the meat and gravy mix.
“Ah. And the two sports games come from Liscor. Again, Liscor…Tkrn offered to show us the game.”
“Now there’s something. Would you mind actually doing that, Tkrn?”
Merrik’s eyes lit up. Tkrn’s nod wasn’t even necessary; Orreh and Oor fell over themselves agreeing for him. Then—the last footraces began.
First, one of the final ten thousand foot runs. By this time, the tournament had attracted even some famous Gnolls.
Steelfur Gnolls were lining up, although they were obviously heavy with the fur—but the best [Warriors] wanted to show off their tribe. Some other top-level [Warriors] and so on from other tribes were participating too.
Lehra Ruinstrider herself had apparently tried running a race—and lost. Tkrn wished he’d seen that. But now he saw something curious.
“Who’s that Gnoll?”
A strange Gnoll was walking into the race grounds followed by a horde of Gnolls. All with the same markings or smells. Orreh stood up to see and her eyes widened.
“That’s—I think that’s the Chieftain of the Woven Bladegrass tribe!”
