8.10
Page 19
There were other Gnoll Named Adventurers. But none here, none so young—and her adventure was still going. Her battles with the Wall Lord Dragial were the things stories were made of.
An adventurer’s tale. So, instantly, two people among the many stood up and called out.
“Lehra Ruinstrider! Come join us! The Steelfur tribe would welcome your team among ours!”
Chieftain Iraz called out. Lehra turned and grinned; she had met the old Chieftain whom she respected. But then, almost on top of him, was Werri’s voice.
“Lehra! Sit with us and take your team!”
The Named-rank Gnoll hesitated. She looked at her friends.
“Don’t look at us. This is your people.”
Elgrinna, the Dwarf, muttered. Emper, the [Monk] Stitchman, Suxhel, the Gazer [Wizard] all looked to their glorious leader.
Amused. Lehra squirmed at being put on the spot. She could lead them into battle, but she did not enjoy this.
“Someone’s going to be mad no matter what I do. Emper—Emper, what do I do?”
“Wisdom, Lehra…”
The Gnoll waited.
“Yes?”
Emper opened his eyes. The [Monk] looked at Lehra.
“Wisdom, Lehra, is learning from your mistakes.”
“You suck, Emper.”
Lehra Ruinstrider looked around, not even trying to hide her clear anxiety as she hopped from foot to foot. She looked around and then—made her choice.
“Oh, hey! Is that Inkar and Tkrn? Fancy meeting you here! Mind if we join you?”
Tkrn choked on his food as Lehra Ruinstrider ran over. And suddenly—the Named Adventurer and her team were in their camp.
Krshia Silverfang’s spray of drink had gotten her sister and their tribe’s [Shaman]. Now, all eyes were on Silverfang.
It was a non-choice by the Named Adventurer, but significant enough! Both Steelfur and Bladegrass looked to their Chieftains to see if they should take offense.
Iraz just shrugged when his tribe expressed disappointment.
“Lehra may sit where she will. There are many banquets. Let her do so; it is unkind to war over her.”
On the other side, a disgruntled [Shaman] muttered.
“That young adventurer may choose where she sits, but she is not political.”
To that, Chieftain Werri leaned over and spoke to the [Shaman].
“You sound like a Drake. Political? Why does Lehra need to be political? We are Gnolls! Do we need to play games of politics?”
That started a fight. ‘You sound like a Drake’, or variations like ‘smell like a Drake’, always did.
“You’re Tkrn, right? And here are more people from the fight! Hi! Lehra. This is my team…say hi, guys.”
“We apologize for the disturbance. We can sit elsewhere if we are inconveniencing you.”
Emper bowed. Lehra hastened to agree, but who was going to send her away? The Silverfangs fell over each other to give them a position of honor.
And somehow, Tkrn was in that group, with a wide-eyed Cers, Satar—Krshia and Akrisa excused themselves to come back with all the others.
What a great night! What a wonderful little event! Lehra, their tribe. The Steelfur and Bladegrass tribes and all the big ones were content to let the Silverfangs enjoy the chance meeting. Lehra barely got to really talk, being bombarded with so many requests from other Gnolls who’d come to see her transform, or talk about finding the Blade of Mershi and so on.
Lehra obligingly demonstrated, grinning as people cried out to see her wearing the armor from the City of Stars, a Relic-class artifact. Her team put up with it well, ribbing their captain, eating, being good guests…
