8.10
Page 2
“We are all Gnolls, yes? Time for secrets is past. Earth…technology, wonders and dangers from another world—all tribes must know of it soon, or at least, the Chieftains. A secret like this is a strange knife. I fear it will twist in our paws the longer we hold it.”
Krshia shifted uncomfortably. She had forgotten she and her elder sister didn’t see eye-to-eye, and she was the junior and not a Chieftain here. Moreover, Akrisa was right. Hoarding secrets was a Drake move.
Chieftain Eska nodded heavily. But it was Honored Weaver Deskie who spoke.
“My heart for Inkarr. She learns of her people’s deaths too much. That I should live to see such strange events in the Waning World…well, is this to be presented to all Chieftains?”
“When they gather. But I hope to bring more tribes of like mind into an alliance.”
“What have we to offer if the knowledge of Earth is to be given to all?”
Orelighn frowned. It was Krshia who looked up. The others turned to her and she spoke.
“A consensus, Chieftains, on what will be done with the Earthers. To protect, help, and aid, rather than exploit or kidnap.”
Eska’s eyes brightened. Deskie smiled.
“That is wisdom. And that should be the thing on which all tribes agree. Let us share, then. To friendship with another world, rather than anything else.”
She lifted a bowl. At last, they all ate; they had been sharing a communal pot and meal, as was traditional. They would eat and drink as friends and allies.
Krshia was glad of it. She was glad she thought she could trust the other Chieftains. Because it was a time of action, now. No time to sit on your tail. Akrisa had her tribe, but Krshia contributed as much value as she could.
 
—-
 
The Gnolls had heard about the failed attempt. At least—Elirr had. He was conflicted.
“One cannot simply send little Mrsha away before Lyonette returns. She is coming in a week and a bit. Krshia will do without her until the height of the Meeting of Tribes. But I will oblige her other request.”
So saying, he stared at Kevin. The young man blinked a few times. Then he sat up.
“Yes, hello! Solar Cycles. How can I help you?”
The [Beast Trainer] stared at the [Mechanic]. Kevin sheepishly passed a hand over his face.
“Sorry. It’s been an all-nighter, alright? Pelt’s trick made everyone start demanding adamantium frames…”
“I wish I’d seen it. It sounded badass. Smithing in the center of a firestorm?”
Joseph twisted in his seat in the secret Earth rooms. Kevin shook his head.
“Scared the hell out of me. So…what are we supposed to do, Mister Elirr?”
He looked at the Gnoll. He, Joseph, and Rose were sitting there. Galina was missing. Troy and Leon were exempted from this talk. Imani looked exasperated.
“You’re all too calm! There’s someone from Earth at the Meeting of Tribes!”
“Exactly!”
Rose shot to her feet. She was trembling.
“Someone from Kazakhstan? Are you sure?”
“That’s cool but—I have no idea where that is.”
Joseph raised a hand. Rose turned on him.
“That’s not the point, Joseph! They’ve been there the entire time! Inkar? We’ve got to meet her!”
“What, all of us? I’m busy with the football team.”
“Forget football! That’s not important—”
“I think that’s what Elirr is saying. One of us needs to go. So that’s you, Rose. Besides, we’ve known there are more people from Earth since we met Ryoka and Erin—since the phone call. This is big, but unless Inkar knows more than us, she should come here.”
The Californian pointed out. Rose, likewise from the ‘states’—Elirr had no idea about the places on Earth, but was trying to at least remember—nodded slowly.
“That’s true. So you want me, Elirr?”
