8.10
Page 5
The point was, the Earthers had ideas. First of which was to ask Orelighn to see what parts of the airplane were really useful.
“Can you send word to your tribe, Orelighn? If they can be repaired, Kevin thinks some parts can be fashioned into a ‘flash light’, or perhaps a ‘fan’ out of the airplane. He would need to connect them up, and he says that if the engine or other parts survived, he would like to see them all.”
Kevin was especially interested in the jet engine’s propeller system.
“I will have my tribe check. It would be easiest, though, if this expert could come there…but we will check at once!”
Orelighn hurried off. Inkar was excited too, but Rose would take a while to get here, even by magic bicycle.
“I will speak with Chieftain Eska about finding a [Repair] spell for your phone, Inkarr.”
“Thank you, Honored Krshia!”
Inkar beamed. Tkrn waved a paw.
“What am I to do then, Aunt?”
She looked at him. Krshia scratched at her head and Tkrn deflated. She grinned.
“Your job, Tkrn, is to go out and make friends! Perhaps meet Lehra if possible, yes? Or the others? You, and Inkar, perhaps. Take Orreh and Oor with you for safety this time, but leave the matters of Earth to us for now. Bring us back more tribes to meet—it is hard to attract the famous ones’ attention since every tribe wants to do it! Oh, and nephew—”
She grabbed Tkrn’s arm as Inkar turned, delighted to be able to leave the camp again. Krshia whispered.
“Make her cry again, and I will make you cry, yes?”
She made an ear-twisting gesture. He winced.
 
—-
 
Truly, Inkar and Tkrn realized, there was something nice about a tribe’s hierarchy. For all Tkrn found elements objectionable—in moments like this, he and the young woman could just let the Chieftains worry about the worrisome stuff and enjoy themselves while doing their bit!
You didn’t need to bear the weight of the tribe alone. And Inkar was excited to be out again.
“Eska and Deskie would not let me after I got in trouble. Especially because only a few people know…about me. But you can escort me?”
She glanced at him. Tkrn grinned sheepishly. He gave her a salute.
“Guardsman Tkrn will do his best, Miss Inkar.”
She laughed at that. It was a strange, fast friendship they had made after he had come to her ‘rescue’, mainly by getting his face punched by Steelfur Gnolls repeatedly. But Tkrn felt like it was his responsibility, as much as he liked Inkar.
Here was a Human, from Earth, that he could protect. This time, she was in front of him and he would take a crossbow bolt for her.
Of course, other Gnolls made it weird by assuming things. Dekava had no shortage of raised brows and pointed sniffs—as if she couldn’t tell they hadn’t had sex!
Some of the Silverfangs openly put it down to a ‘weird skin fetish’ that City Gnolls got. The Liscor-Gnolls understood, even if they didn’t know.
“So you are Tkrn, the Gnoll who saved my stupid, lazy brother. I thought you were ten feet tall and strong as a [Berserker], to hear Oor say it, yes? I am Orreh!”
The [Stalker] and Oor met Tkrn and Inkar, as part of the unofficial bodyguards. Oor grinned at Tkrn and they clasped arms.
“This time, let’s not get into trouble, yes? I am still healing!”
“That’s because you had to have breakfast and let poor Inkarr wander around! Well—we have moved next to the Silverfangs, so no one will complain we are in the inner camps, now. Let’s see the Meeting of Tribes!”
Thus, once more, Tkrn, Inkar, and the two Gnolls left their camp for the Meeting of Tribes. They found it was in full celebration. Well, more so than usual.
 
—-
 
