8.10
Page 28
Ilvriss got word of six attacks on [Miners] off-duty, higher-ups in the Gemscale corporation, and someone fired a [Fireball] spell into one of the mine’s supports!
He strode into his office, having run down from his family mansion to find Alrric, panting, leaning over the desk.
“Alrric! Are you alright?”
He’d gone to Alrric first; half of his corporate staff had been attacked!
Not killed. Rather, they’d been beaten, kicked about, and left for [Healers] to find. Broken bones were the worst of it; this was a message.
“I’m fine. I was attacked. My attackers are…dead.”
Ilvriss stopped.
“Dead?”
All of his employees had been jumped. A few had gotten out, running for help, or winning the fights, but Alrric had killed all five of his attackers. One had been tossed off the bridge.
“I thought I was dead. I—have an emergency wand. From the mining days. And my rings.”
Of course. Ilvriss blinked. Alrric was panting like he’d run around Salazsar several times.
“I’m fine. No, I’m damn well not! This is the Emera Company, after the hostile negotiations, Ilvriss!”
He slammed his paws on the desk. The Gnoll looked up, furious, at Ilvriss.
“I thought they were after me and my family! I had to make sure they were safe before I came up here! They’ve hired thugs and their own people to attack us! It’s a war and you dragged us into it for that damned potion!”
All true. This was a corporate war. And in Salazsar? They got ugly.
Deaths weren’t as common—but sabotage, attacks like this? Ilvriss had seen it before. But the Gemscale family hadn’t dealt in this kind of thing since his father…he felt an unpleasant feeling in his stomach. He’d feared it was Az’kerash at first.
“Alrric, I cannot apologize enough. If I had any idea—I am not going to stand for this. Hire as many [Mercenaries] as it takes. Contact the Watch! I want all of our people safe.”
“For how long?”
Alrric was angry. He was snapping back at Ilvriss. He tried to calm himself.
Stop, stop! You need this job and he’s your employer, even if you have cause to be mad! He’d worked too hard to let himself throw it away—especially because they hadn’t come to kill the white Gnolls in Salazsar today.
The Gnoll was worried Ilvriss would ask about the deaths. It was an extreme reaction, even if Alrric was now claiming justifiable self-defense. He waited, sweating, and hoping the dye wouldn’t run. But the Wall Lord didn’t take offense to his comments. His eyes narrowed and he walked to the window.
“Not for long, Alrric. I promise you—this will not be a protracted war. Is the office secure?”
“I checked. I’ll get some more of the guard in—”
“Captain Shieldscale, come in.”
Ilvriss spoke into his own personal speaking stone. There was a muffled response. Alrric saw Ilvriss turn.
“I need two of the Rubirel Guard to come to my position in the administrative tower to guard Administrator Alrric now. Send two more to his home at…”
He turned to Alrric. The Gnoll repeated the address, blinking. Ilvriss nodded.
“…And the last two on me. Raise the Erchirite Spears and all of Gemscale’s guard—keep the rest in the mansion with my family. Tell my sister—”
He was striding for the doors. Alrric and Ilvriss both doubted the Emera corporation would go after Ilvriss or the Drakes themselves; that was a step too far in corporate warfare in the eyes of the Walled Families. When the corporations fought, everyone but the top suffered.
