8.10
Page 15
—Of course, Werri and her tribe didn’t win. They placed high, some of them, but the Gnoll Courier outran them all.
That was predictable. Even so, Tkrn exhaled as the Gnolls crossed the finish line. That was a display from the Woven Bladegrass tribe. He turned to ask Berr more questions.
And realized the Gnoll had taken all the snacks and run away. Venaz went after him with Peki and Orreh.
“[Barbarians].”
Venaz came stomping back, empty-handed, ten minutes later. Merrik blinked.
“You let that old Gnoll get away, Venaz?”
“He was tossing the snacks at his tribe. We wouldn’t have gotten scraps even if I did grab him. And I have no desire to actually enrage a [Berserker].”
The Minotaur flopped down as Peki flew back, with a new bag of popcorn. He nodded over his shoulder.
“Besides. The Wild Wastes tribe might not have been able to afford cookies for a gold piece. If you could buy goodwill—let them steal your snacks.”
Tkrn looked at the Minotaur. It was so easy to forget how cunning Venaz could be. Also, it was a revelation to think that a tribe as old and known as the Wild Wastes tribe wouldn’t be able to pay for a few gold’s worth of snacks for an Honored Gnoll.
Oor saw the look Inkar was sharing too. He whispered loud enough for their Gnoll-hearing and theirs alone.
“Don’t mistake that. The Wild Wastes tribe isn’t rich in gold—but they have plenty of things to them.”
That made sense. Everyone nodded, and settled back as a second snack run was set up. The last race they were going to see was the thousand foot dash, the ten thousand one being scheduled for later in the day to give the competitors time to warm up.
There was a [Shapeshifter]. Venaz folded his arms.
“I’m keen to see what species he actually is. Maybe multiple? Wolf is my bet. I’ll bet you three cookies, Merrik, Peki.”
“Wolf’s too obvious. I bet it’s a fast cat-thing.”
“I won’t bet for cookies. Too expensive.”
Peki turned her beak up. The starting line had a [Barbarian], one of the Wild Wastes tribe’s, the Courier Gnoll—‘Furstep’, a rather generic name in Tkrn’s opinion—the [Shapeshifter], three [Messenger] or [Scout] types, and a Woven Bladegrass [Skirmisher].
The excitement was real. The bets, realer. Everyone watched as the [Announcer] began the countdown.
“Three, two, one, go!”
The first hundred feet vanished in front of the charge of the competitors. They were running—the first seconds of shouting and cheering had Tkrn on his feet with the others. But then—
“Thief! [Thief]! He’s stolen artifacts!”
A voice from the crowd. Half the heads turned. And Tkrn saw a shape blur out of the crowd, followed by dozens upon dozens of Plain’s Eye Gnolls. They were chasing a young Gnoll with a scarf wrapped around his face, dark clothes—
Gnolls grabbed for him. The Gnoll slid past them, under the legs of a horse, and barreled onto the race track. The racers hadn’t heard, so caught up in the race. Tkrn saw the Gnoll being pursued by a vast mob of Gnolls. The [Thief] had a bundle he had shoved into a bag of holding. He ran, arms and legs pumping—
The Courier in the front was vying with the accelerating [Shapeshifter] for the finish line. They heard shouts, screams, and the crowd going wild as they accelerated for the final, three-hundred foot dash.
The [Thief] passed both of them. The Courier and [Shapeshifter] slowed as he ran past the finish line. He outdistanced nearly a hundred horses going after him—Tkrn’s jaw dropped.
“Get that [Thief]! It’s him—the Thief of Clouds! The disgrace to our people!”
