8.10
Page 27
Was it today? Oh no, no—there was a single Gnoll standing in the doorway. Was this it? His stomach lurched. He looked up to check the sun—
And swung around and belted the first Drake in the face as the attacker lunged. The Drake wasn’t expecting that. None of the five ambushers were.
Nor—for how Alrric reacted. The Gnoll didn’t stop at a punch. He rammed forwards—and threw the Drake off the bridge, over the guardrail.
The Drake went screaming down. The others froze. They saw the [Administrator] reach down to his belt and flick a knife into the second Drake’s chest. The Gnoll and Drake who’d rushed out of their spot saw the second Drake die, clawing at his chest.
“Poison?”
The third, female Drake backed up. The [Administrator] had pulled out a wand. She raised her claws—
The retort of the spell from the specialty-crafted wand that Spellcaster had made for him vaporized the Drake’s chest.
“Stop! St—”
The two other attackers froze. Alrric turned. The wand fired twice, catching the last, the Gnoll, running. Alrric lowered his wand and looked around, panting.
“It’s happening. I have to—”
He ran. The encounter had been so fast, if anyone had seen the fight it had been over in a moment. He charged down the stairwell, ripping a speaking stone from his pocket.
“Coinpurse! Coinpurse—I’ve been attacked! This might be it!”
An alarm. He pushed through the crowd, stowing the speaking stone. None of the others would respond.
Shadows, Spellcaster—Wanderer was gone. They’d take care of their ends. Alrric had to get to Ximenes and Sidinel.
He had feared this day was coming for decades. The last time—well, it wouldn’t go like that again. But how had they found out?
The Tribes had sent assassins after him. Alrric checked his fur as he pushed through the crowds, racing back home. Not a trace of white.
But how…? In his panic, he burst into the family home as Ximenes was arranging dishes.
“Dear, what’s wrong? You look like—”
“They’re here. I was just attacked! Where’s Sidinel? It’s time to go!”
His wife dropped the dishes. She whirled—
“Sidinel!”
The Gnoll appeared, her eyes wide with fright. All of them knew what to do.
“Grab all the gold, the bag—we’re meeting Shadows and Spellcaster and their group and going.”
“Are they hurt? Are they alive?”
“I signaled them. They’ll signal back if—”
Tic, tic. Both Gnolls heard the sound from a speaking stone embedded in the wall. Then two subtle rings.
Safe and alive. Alrric was panting. Ximenes turned.
“How did they find…?”
“I don’t know how they figured it out. Maybe—I had a bit of white fur during that mine inspection. Maybe that was it? Some Plains Gnoll—we have to go.”
All three Gnolls were grabbing the readied items. They would be out the door in a minute—when the speaking stone at Alrric’s hip blared to life.
“Coinpurse. Coinpurse! Stop! This is Shadows.”
He yanked the stone off his belt.
“Keep quiet and meet us at the gathering spot! You know what to do!”
“Coinpurse, stop! I think this is a mistake. You said you were attacked? I just got word that someone organized a hit on you! Not us. It’s the companies. Stop!”
Alrric stopped. His paranoia had blinded him to other possibilities—instinctual fear of what he thought had to be happening had taken over. He began to breathe.
“…What? What? I don’t have enemies, Shadow! There hasn’t been…”
The Emera Corporation. The hostile negotiations! Alrric lowered the stone. Sidinel, Ximenes—his family looked at him and hesitated. Alrric growled into the stone.
“Shadows, Spellcaster—hold on. This might be a false alarm.”
 
—-
 
