8.10
Page 34
“No. It’s not. If you dig three hundred feet down and a bit to the southwest, you’d run into another vein. Magical gemstones. And—monsters.”
Alrric lowered his document.
“…That’s a bold claim, Wall Lord Zail. Now, how would you know that?”
The Wall Lord’s gaze was distant. But his eyes were sharp.
“I meant to give it to Ilvriss on my deathbed. It’s hard to buy the seam’s rights without setting something off. A long time ago, I hired a [Diviner]. We…it was a bad time for the Gemscale family. We were looking into—riches. We found it, even got down there, but I had to ask a [Geomancer] to seal it up. To prevent—evidence.”
He meant he was trying to secretly mine another family’s treasures. Alrric bit his tongue.
“And you sat on this knowledge for how long?”
“Fifty years. We could never have mined it in secret. You’d need adventurers. Proper Gem Regiments; the monsters were infesting the magical gemstone deposit. And the Glasswing family has it? Well…if someone was buying up old seams on a whim, especially if the Gemscale corporation looked like it was searching for something…”
“They could rather easily get it for a song. Practically nothing.”
Alrric was slowly pulling out some paper to write a memo. Something casual to the Glasswing’s [Administrator] or [Secretary] or such. How would he do it convincingly? Well, appear to be casual, which told them he was actually desperate, which disguised the fact that…
Zail looked at Alrric.
“Well?”
The [Administrator] met the old Drake’s gaze for a long time. Ilvriss was leaving. And this…he drummed his paws on the table. At last, he nodded.
“I’ll have all the documents sent over to Wall Lord Ilvriss’ office—your temporary office—directly, Wall Lord.”
Zail smiled in satisfaction.
Ilvriss left the next day, with a small entourage. An expedient move given his unpopularity with…everyone. Not only had he chased off the popular Sellme, he’d offended the Walled Families with his direct action.
The Gemscale corporation had a new boss, which turned out to be the old boss. Alrric made a few purchases, and sent some [Deep Miners] out with very specific instructions and the Erchirite Spears that Ilvriss had left in the city, and more security besides. Zail sat in Ilvriss’ office, his immediate family all having left for Oteslia.
It was probably fine.
 
—-
 
Outrage in two Walled Cities. For different reasons. But the end reason was money.
“This is unacceptable! I will call on the [Druids]!”
One of the [Researchers] was shouting. Saliss and Xif were ready to shout back, but Lyonette was in charge, now.
At least, of this. She folded her arms.
“Researcher Medivort, you have a faerie flower.”
“But you’ve tampered with it! It’s—”
“…Unable to reproduce? Why would that matter for a man purely devoted to uncovering its effects, [Researcher]?”
Lyonette smiled sweetly at the Human man. He glowered. The little faerie flower was indeed tampered with.
It was a simple process to make it very tricky to grow even cuttings of faerie flowers—and they were already a finicky species. Lyonette gestured.
“We have more petals, stems, or other parts of the flower, Researcher Medivort. Dried and fresh.”
Separated. The [Researcher] turned to his fellows.
“This is a monopoly!”
“Why, yes it is.”
The monarchy enjoyed monopolies. And the [Princess] was still a [Princess]. Well, there was a running battle in Oteslia now.
