8.10
Page 4
“Well, I’m going. And they have an airplane. Better Krshia be leading the Gnolls than…anyone else. I want to meet Lehra Ruinstrider, anyways. She sounds amazing. And all the Gnoll tribes! The Ruinstrider, Steelfur—are the Ekhtouch as sexy as people say?”
The old Gnoll’s mouth opened.
“How do you know so much about the tribes, Miss Rose?”
He looked incredulously at her. Rose just gave him a blank stare.
“Magazines.”
“…Magazines?”
Everyone blinked at her. Rose sighed.
“Erin started it. And Olesm and Drassi. They’ve been showing up in Runner’s Guilds on sale. I buy all of them. Here—I’ll find it. I need to go to my rooms. Unless Mrsha’s hogging the door, I won’t be a second…”
She came back in half a minute with a magazine. Elirr blinked at it. Rose waved it at him.
“It’s a Gnoll-magazine on tribes and stuff. It’s selling hot in the cities, among City Gnolls, actually. You didn’t know?”
Elirr was clearly hanging out with the wrong, older crowd. Rose was hip to the hop with it. Whatever it was, which was apparently, magazines.
Gnoll Today, Here Tomorrow—this week, all about Ekhtouch! The 20 hottest Gnolls, ranked! You won’t guess who’s #1!
Some things copied Earth too much. More evil had entered the world, seeping through from Earth. Kevin blinked at the tabloid-esque magazine. Joseph leaned over.
“Why do I actually want to read that?”
“Dude, right? Alright, let’s let Rose meet sexy Gnolls. What are we sending with her? Not the laptop. Numbtongue plays games on it and he’s super-depressed. But maybe…”
By the end of the day, Rose was packed up and ready to leave tomorrow by bike. But even before that—Elirr was sending word to Krshia. Value was more than a person or objects. It was knowledge.
 
—-
 
“Alumininium?”
The next day, Krshia was talking with Inkar, Tkrn, and an excited Orelighn and Eska.
“Aluminum. Is that what is in the plane’s metal?”
Inkar looked at Krshia. The Gnoll woman grinned.
“According to Kevin, yes. And he would probably know. That is the metal you salvaged, Orelighn. Apparently the Dwarves know something of it, but it is a hard-to-produce metal for us.”
“Is it particularly strong? We bent it—perhaps it is what allowed the thing to fly?”
“Er, no…it is not the strongest. It is only uniquely lightweight and strong combined.”
“Oh.”
The Gnoll was palpably disappointed. It wasn’t a super-metal, then. The Chieftain of the Greenpaws clearly wanted some fantastic development to come out of the airplane.
As it so happened, there was.
“Kevin has written to us—he is a [Mechanic], Inkar. The one who made the bicycle.”
“Oh, he is? Amazing!”
Inkar was delighted. Krshia nodded. Kevin kept proving to have more Kevin-depths.
“Yes, and Rose, who is coming, will have things for you, Inkar. But he, Kevin, says, your ‘phone’ may be fixed with a simple spell. [Repair].”
“Really? But I broke it to…”
Inkar showed Krshia the cannibalized phone she’d broken strategically to provide sparks. Krshia was unsure; it looked bad, but she was optimistic.
“It may be possible. We must simply find a scroll—Rose will bring some, or a [Mage]. But that may be unwise…similarly, Kevin believes some of the ‘electronics’ may be salvaged if you removed them carefully, Orelighn. The—er—er—‘seat monitors’ that you described, or ‘light bulbs’ overhead and such. [Repair] may work wonders.”
Unfortunately, and this was a Gnoll problem—they had no [Mages] they could readily call upon. Of all the species…well, Krshia had Mrsha for proof positive of that…even if likewise, there was another Gnoll who could prove there was magical potential in them like [Mages] used.
