8.10
Page 39
“I’m not using a wand! I can cast with my bare paws. Listen—my master, Grimalkin of Pallass says that the Gnolls not being [Mages] is a recent belief! We sent an apprentice to Wistram forty years ago, and the rumors are older than that, but it is possible.”
“Of course it is. And I’m sure you’ll prove it. Because of all the Gnoll [Mages] I see walking about.”
Her first heckler rolled his eyes and snorted.
They didn’t believe her. Ferkr was stumped. She’d cast a spell in front of them and…she raised her paws.
“I can cast more spells. If you want, you can test me. Get a [Shaman]. I’m serious. Get truth spells, appraisal spells, from scrolls or wands.”
The Gnolls blinked at her. Ferkr looked around, trying to call on Grimalkin’s dignity.
“I am Grimalkin of Pallass’ first Gnoll apprentice, Ferkr! By my fur, I will prove we can cast magic!”
The chuckles faded. She stood there, challenging them and the Gnolls looked at each other.
“I believe you.”
One of the younger Gnolls spoke. He looked at Ferkr.
“If you speak before the Chieftains—I’ll try to become a [Mage].”
“Thank you.”
She smiled at him. The crowd looked at each other, and then began to disperse. Some of the Gnolls apologized.
“Maybe you are a [Mage]. If so—I can find my tribe’s [Shaman]. I’m from Greenpaw. Will you wait?”
“Of course. I’ll perform more magic. As soon as I go to the, um, bathroom.”
One of the Gnolls grinned. He pointed her off and Ferkr stretched as she headed towards one of the smelly tents. Magic. There was another [Mage] among Gnolls, even—although so young and obviously a rare case compared to Ferkr. It was possible. She just…
“Excuse me, Miss. Are you the young Gnoll who claims to be able to cast magic?”
Ferkr turned as a Gnoll approached. She smiled.
“Yes I am. If you want me to show you, I can as soon as—”
“Good.”
The Gnoll smiled. Ferkr felt someone grab her from behind.
It didn’t go as well as the Gnoll thought since Ferkr was strong. She punched one Gnoll hard—but there were eight of them. The [Shaman] tapped his staff as Ferkr went limp. The last thing she saw, as the paws lifted her up and sleep took her, was the markings on one.
A warrior’s markings. A Plains Gnoll warrior’s insignia, showing his tribe.
She saw…an eye…
And then she vanished.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I am exhausted. This month has been good, I think, for chapters. Hard on me.
If you didn’t read the message at the top, go back and consider spreading the word! Yes, this is real. Editors, a contest—if you can shout it out on Twitter or other of the social medias, that would actually help a lot.
I’ll be back in a week’s time, but for now, I must, must rest. I hope this chapter was good, despite me being literally at the end of a burning rope suspended from a cliff over the raging sea and rocks…stamina-wise.
Thanks for reading. I’ll see you next chapter! Look out for it.
 
Oteslia, Eldavin, Shriekblade, Airplanes and lots more by Mg!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/henodus2
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/henodus2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
Purifier Golem, Orange, Lawyer Gazer and more by Gridcube!
                                                                        
 
Good Corn, Suxhel, Mrsha, and more by KaDraginn!
                                                             
 
 

