8.10
Page 38
What Wil didn’t say was that ‘Lion Solstice’, who might be confused with a Lyonette of the House Marquin of Calanfer if he was right, had given him one more big clue. And that was her nature.
He had felt deferential to her, as if he should bow and accede to her will. A [Princess]. And he had a [Lord]’s intuition.
“So what do we do about it? Tell someone, yes? No?”
Wil Kallinad thought as he looked at Feshi. After a moment, he nodded to himself.
“I think, Feshi…we should go to the Meeting of Tribes. She seemed nice.”
Feshi grinned. Not everything they knew had to be used. She nodded, and Wil and she walked off to give Yerra the good news. Wil would investigate to be certain, but he was content to let the [Princess] of Calanfer her secret. She had done him and his friends a good turn.
Besides, he doubted they’d ever meet again. Maybe in a decade. He was bound for the Meeting of Tribes.
 
—-
 
One last thing.
The Meeting of Tribes was full of events. Lehra and her new friends, deals between tribes—and soon, the summit of Chieftains, who would decide on important matters.
Such as, perhaps, the fate of Doombringers, if Krshia Silverfang had her way. But more would also occur there; people would bring forth important secrets to share with the tribes. Knowledge is power, and power would be shared there.
The fate of Gnolls might change. They had to decide on a number of important things, some of which were public knowledge.
The Raskghar would be seen there. They were still in-transit. From Pallass, as a gesture of goodwill.
But one Pallassian had arrived today, having had to run the entire way. Roadwork, her master had called it. And typically, he’d thought it was good for the gonads—if females had them.
She had something to tell the tribes, for all she was of Pallass. A monumental revelation.
Gnolls could cast magic as [Mages] did. Gnolls could be [Mages].
Yes, she was Level 7, having not been able to level fast despite breaking her ‘barrier’ to her class. Yes, she wasn’t a full student. But she had muscles, and Grimalkin had praised her and told her to present herself.
So she did.
“[Fire Bolt].”
She loosed the fiery missile into the air, and followed it with a [Light] spell—and then conjured a little pillar of stone from the ground. Three spells, but barely taxing given Grimalkin’s solid foundations in magic.
[Mage] spells. She was also a [Student], and, dubiously, a [Bodybuilder], both classes she’d gotten while trying to ‘break through’ to her [Mage] class.
Even some of the watching Gnolls looked impressed as she flexed—that wasn’t part of the magic, but Grimalkin rubbed off on his apprentice. Ferkr waited. The Plains Gnolls, the third group she’d demonstrated her magic to, in order to prove Wistram wrong, looked at her.
After a second, they began to applaud. Ferkr sighed—but then heard a voice.
“Good tricks! What are they, artifacts? A wand in your fur?”
She looked at the speaker, an older male Gnoll. He grinned at her. Ferkr shook her head.
“No, this is magic. This is my class. Use an appraisal spell!”
“And how should I cast one? With my own wand?”
He laughed and so did the group. Ferkr looked around, confused.
“Didn’t you see the spells?”
“It’s a nice trick, young Gnoll. But someone tries this every Meeting of Tribes. The last two had it.”
One of the female Gnolls advised her. Ferkr was dumbstruck. This was the third group to see her casting magic and not bat an eye.
Some Gnolls had believed, but these doubters…she lifted her paws.
