8.10
Page 36
Wil Kallinad prevailed on the owner of the faerie flowers at where he had been informed he could find either a ‘Xif’, a ‘Saliss of Lights’—whom Wil was worried about given the Drake’s reputation—
Or a Lion Solstice? She blinked as she opened Mivifa’s door and greeted Wil. He stared at the young woman with red hair. She blinked at the familiar [Strategist] with a few touches of red in his own dark brown hair, bordering on black.
Feshi didn’t blink.
“Are you—from Terandria?”
Both of them exclaimed almost at the same time after introducing themselves. Lion Solstice stared at Wil. He nodded, and her eyes went round.
“Wait. I know you! You can only be Wil Kallinad! House Kallinad’s [Strategist] they sent to the Titan’s school? And you’re—Feshi! I saw you on the television!”
By now, the two were used to their fame. They exchanged a hopeful glance. Wil cleared his throat.
“Yes, Miss Solstice. But we’re still in Oteslia looking for a cure for Yerranola, our friend. I don’t know if you recall…”
“Of course! Have you found it? Oh—you must think the faerie flowers could help!”
“As a matter of fact, we know they can cure her pain. But we heard—”
Wil Kallinad was confused. He had been all set to fight to the death—verbally and socially—to get Yerra’s cure from greedy Drakes hoarding the flowers.
Instead, he found himself drinking tea and talking with Lion Solstice, who was from his home and of course would give them all the flowers he needed!
“It’s not about hoarding it at all. It was stolen from the two [Alchemists]. That’s why Oteslia’s so upset.”
“Ah, you mean illegally grown?”
“Yes. They paid for secrecy, but you know the saying in Pheislant.”
“Loose lips bring Drowned Ships.”
Wil echoed her and blinked—then grinned, despite himself. So did Lyonette.
Travellers from home. Feshi listened as the two began talking.
“How long have you been in Izril?”
“Just under a year. You just arrived, didn’t you?”
“Yes. And we didn’t get to see much of it. Have you been in Oteslia long?”
“Oh, no. I come from further north. I was around Liscor—”
“Liscor? You mean, the Liscor with the soccer games, the door and the dungeon?”
“The very same. I only came south because my friend is—hurt—but you’re from Pheislant! Tell me, please, have you heard anything of the Dawn Concordat’s conflict with Ailendamus?”
Wil swept back his bangs as Feshi politely sniffed at a quiche and nibbled at it.
“My family writes only a bit—are you from around there?”
“I—er—yes. Gaiil-Drome, actually. The forests shelter me.”
“Ah, I visited there twice. I only know what everyone knows. But I’ve been watching every day. I’m hoping the Dawn Concordat can triumph, obviously, but except for the Griffin Prince…bad news.”
“I know. I know; does Pheislant intend to enter the war?”
He grimaced as she leaned forwards.
“Frankly, I doubt it. We clashed with Ailendamus and it was one-sided. But the Order of Seasons might move, although His Majesty probably thinks it unwise. However, if Ailendamus swallows the Dawn Concordat…”
“Would it come to that? Surely the other Kingdoms would declare war.”
Wil reached for a quiche as Feshi sat back, half-listening and feeling as if she were studying the Terandrian kingdoms in class. She looked at Lyonette and then narrowed her eyes. Both Humans were too engrossed to notice.
“Ah, but you say that and yet Ailendamus has performed wars of aggression on multiple kingdoms before. What kind of alliance would seek to overthrow them and would it even work? It’s so good to meet someone else from Terandria.”
Lyonette was smiling.
