8.10
Page 3
“Yes. If you are willing to come, we will send you as fast as possible. It will not be…Wonders of Izril or whatever that carriage service was, but almost as fast. You will have to ride a long time.”
Rose gulped.
“I’m bad at riding. Can I get a carriage?”
Elirr sighed. And already problems cropped up. They would have to arrange at least twenty Gnolls to protect Rose; no one wanted her to get hurt on the way there. But then he saw Kevin grin.
“No problem. You can ride one of the new bikes. Take it there, as a present from the Silverfangs. That makes the most sense.”
Rose blinked. Elirr’s jaw opened.
“You would give one away, Kevin, just like that?”
“Wasn’t that what you were going to ask us? You wanted more than just Rose and Mrsha. You need the Silverfang tribe to be, like, important, right?”
The young man sat back. He was still yawning, but he was hunting around in his belt pouch for his phone. He turned it on, but not to play games or pass the time re-watching something. Rather, he was using the smartphone…like a smartphone.
“Let me check the store’s inventory. We’re still wrapping up Fetohep’s orders, but we do the ‘cheap’ bikes pretty fast. I can spare one magic-bike for Rose, and Selys might actually kill me, but she’ll understand. Let’s see. What else can we ship out?”
“Can I have Montressa or Bezale? I need someone with a [Repair] spell. Inkar has a smartphone, right?”
“I did not ask. But Krshia has asked for all things that might help Inkar. I thought—perhaps some letters?”
The Earthers gave Elirr a blank look. Joseph began to snort before he caught himself.
“What, for encouragement?”
“That’s a good idea! She has to be lonely. She’d probably like someone writing to her, even with Rose…Kazakhstan. Can she read English well?”
Imani defended Elirr. Rose put her hands down and pushed herself up.
“No, no. That’s not important. I mean, write it if you want, Imani. And I’ll definitely deliver it. But don’t you see? We need to impress the other tribes! And I think we can. Elirr, you said they have an airplane?”
Elirr nodded. The Earthers sobered.
“Our Father, Who art in heaven…those poor people. Whatever got us split an airplane in two. They—they must have no idea what happened on Earth.”
Joseph muttered, whispering a prayer and clasping his hands together for a second. The others nodded. Rose chewed at her lip.
“…But it’s an airplane. I hate to say it, but—I need to get Bezale and find Galina. Bezale has [Repair] scrolls, I’m sure of it. And Galina might be able to give me all the Players of Celum’s scripts. They have to be worth something.”
“Hold up. Are we giving the Silverfangs everything? And—are you seriously suggesting [Repairing] the airplane and selling electronics at the Meeting of Tribes?”
Kevin sat forwards. Imani looked alarmed.
“Is that a good idea, Rose?”
“Well—I don’t know! Maybe! We want them to be the best tribe, right? It’s a competition?”
“Of sorts.”
Elirr murmured. He was surprised at how many ideas the Earthers were tossing around. Rose looked at the others.
“It’s not great. But plays, Kevin’s bikes…Krshia’s helped Erin. We should trust the Gnolls, right?”
“Well, they knew about us and Earth and haven’t told anyone. So I’m for that.”
Joseph pointed to Elirr, sitting in the secret rooms. Kevin scratched at his head.
“I guess. There’s nothing we can do about the plane. What are we gonna do, run down there and steal it from them with the biggest bag of holding ever?”
“Yes. That’s true. But not all the tribes are alike.”
Imani’s quiet voice silenced the others. They looked at the [Cook], and then Rose spoke.
