8.10
Page 12
Plus, he had Relc-like musculature. And Tkrn knew the Minotaur was good in a fight; he’d seen them at sea with everyone else on the orb!
The fact that he, a humble [Guard] was…the Minotaur spoke, abruptly.
“A fun race.”
“Er—yes. Yes. I am glad Inkar had fun. It looks dangerous, though. For some.”
Venaz glanced at him. They had come to the stalls set up where snacks were being distributed.
“There is danger in any worthwhile competition. What are you planning on buying? We can share it.”
“Er…more popcorn? Maybe some of those snacks? Roasted rat on a stick…no, I’ll pass, I think. I have a thing about rats. Um. Um…”
The Minotaur waited as Tkrn desperately looked around.
“Popcorn and—some of those minced pies! For everyone to share!”
“Indeed. I will procure some of the sweets, then.”
Venaz marched off. Tkrn felt like that had gone…poorly. What did you say to Venaz? He wasn’t as affable as Merrik. He went to line up and had his food in a matter of minutes. Venaz joined him, arms full of snacks.
“You must have spent a lot on that. I can share…”
Belatedly, Tkrn realized Venaz had probably doubled his expenditure at least; a lot of snacks were cheap, even the beef-flavored popcorn, but sweets were sugar, and thus a lot more expensive.
“I have enough money. It is to share. Let’s head back.”
The Minotaur grunted. Tkrn trailed after him lamely. Did Venaz not like him? No—it was just that Tkrn hadn’t much to say. If conversation was a give and take, Tkrn didn’t have much to say. Venaz had led with the race bit, and Tkrn had vouchsafed that it was dangerous. What a novel, really top-tier reply and a lead-in to so much meaningful conversation.
Venaz was much like the older Senior Guards who didn’t have anything to say unless it mattered, and told you to shut up if you chatted about something they found trivial. They weren’t mean, although you could take it as such. Tkrn felt it was more like they just didn’t like wasting words on meaningless conversation.
He walked in silence for a minute as Venaz looked for their group; they were finding some place to sit in the sun. He gestured, and Tkrn sniffed.
“What did you buy?”
Venaz sighed and Tkrn’s ears flattened. He could practically see the Minotaur’s thoughts. Engaging conversation topic. As if you can’t look over and see?
“A few treats. Tarts, pastries—some of it is new, like the popcorn.”
Tkrn glanced over. He saw a few familiar items as he hunted for something to say.
“I nearly participated in the murder of a Minotaur in our jail. You’re a Minotaur, right?”
…Was what he did not say, because Tkrn wasn’t stupid. He decided it was best to keep silent—until he smell-saw something and laughed out loud. Venaz glanced at him.
“Anything amusing?”
“Oh—no. It’s just that—they really are stealing everything from Liscor, aren’t they? Cookies and popcorn!”
He pointed. Venaz glanced down at a stuffed basket. Cookies, lined up, perhaps stolen from Silverfang baking ideas. He blinked.
“You know what these are? I’ve never seen them, but they looked like a bread.”
“They’re sort of like that. It’s a good sweet! I bought them all the time with my paycheck.”
“You don’t say. Where did they come from?”
“Liscor. At least, I’m sure they started there. Maybe they came from wherever the person who brought them was—but we’ve had them for months now! What flavors are they?”
“There was only one flavor. Were there supposed to be more?”
Venaz double-checked the basket of expensive cookies. Tkrn grinned.
