8.10
Page 31
“I will not have my company attacked, Rellmel. There are dead Drakes and Gnolls because my people defended themselves. And I will not have them threatened again. Let me be clear: if my employees are attacked, it is already war and this is the enemy stronghold. I will not play at warfare.”
Ilvriss strode forwards. Rellmel flinched, but held his ground.
“Ancestors, Ilvriss! Think about what you’re saying!”
Brilm snapped, appalled at the suggestion. Ilvriss looked at him.
“I want an end, now, Brilm! The Emera family’s word—witnessed by all of you—that no more attacks take place! Or else all the Walled Families of Salazsar will hold Emera to account. This is pointless and it wastes money, time, and lives!”
It was true. Even so, Rellmel looked at Ilvriss.
“You have our potion, Wall Lord. Give it back to us.”
“I can’t do that.”
“Then do you expect us to just take it lying d—”
Navine saw Grisa’s jaw snap shut. She felt her own jaw loosen. Ilvriss had just used his aura on her! The Wall Lord faced Rellmel. Around him, all the Drakes suddenly shuffled back—except for Shriekblade, who scratched at her back as if suddenly itchy. He lowered his voice, twisting a ring on his finger as the outraged Grisa clawed at her mouth and stomped her feet.
“Rellmel, I want your word.”
“I won’t be threatened. If you’re going to draw the blood of fellow Walled Drakes, it’s a civil war, Ilvriss. And you won’t do that.”
Rellmel wanted to wipe the sweat from his brow. Ilvriss studied him.
“That was never my intent. If I wanted to stop reprisals, I’d need your word on it as head of the Emera family. Such that Grisa can’t go behind your back.”
The other Wall Lord winced and Ilvriss knew he was right. He nodded.
“Failing that—I would have to wipe out the entire Emera family. Which I am not willing to do. So. Let’s come to an arrangement. What will it take for you to consider the potion matter closed?”
Rellmel blinked.
“You gave us gold, Ilvriss. But Grisa will never accept it. And I—I think the potion was worth more than just gold, however much.”
Ilvriss nodded shortly.
“So—give me some of the gold back. Return…”
His head tilted up. Rellmel heard him mutter a curse.
“Return four hundred thousand.”
“Four hundred—”
“Four hundred thousand. And I’ll give you a half—no, a third-share into our adamantium shaft.”
Wall Lord Rellmel’s eyes bulged. Not because it was a bad offer. Far from it. The adamantium would be worth far, far more than that in time. Guaranteed profits for…
“You’re serious.”
“I’m not offering it again. Your word. If Grisa does anything—she won’t. And your promise in front of all the Walled Families, on the Emera bloodline.”
“I…promise.”
Rellmel stared at Ilvriss. He saw the Wall Lord twist his ring. The Wall Lord of the Emera family, dazed, looked around. Navine stared at Ilvriss.
What had he done?
 
—-
 
“One third of the adamantium seam.”
“Co-owned. You know the practice. They’ll divide up the shafts, send their workers in. We’ll have to make sure they don’t unearth monsters which go after our group, but they’ll be responsible for their take.”
The [Administrator] sat back. If he had been furious at Ilvriss for the danger which had caused him to react, he was furious for a different reason now.
“That is one third of the profits that would have kept us flush for the next decade.”
He spoke, very mildly. Ilvriss nodded.
“Yes. But I was aware that the Emera family wouldn’t stop so I had to offer them something. Maybe I could have gone down to a quarter. But—there it is.”
Alrric breathed. This day had not been great. The potential loss…he looked at Ilvriss.
