8.10
Page 8
Gnolls took off on foot, racing each other to be first to run a thousand feet. There were no shorter sprints, Gnollish attitude being that if you couldn’t run a thousand feet, were you running?
Well, it was a bias that came from a people who travelled far. The other race was ten thousand feet, and had a different kind of runner.
Tkrn saw lots of young Gnolls who clearly thought they were fast realize that they were, in fact, competing with dedicated runners. Fast they might be, but they fell behind a City Runner, a high-level [Warrior], three [Barbarians], and one of the younger [Shamans]. They blazed across the ground, almost as fast as a regular horse.
“You! Disqualified!”
A Gnoll howled at the [Shaman], who was using magic. Skills were game; magic was not.
“They run quick!”
Orreh clapped her hands and whistled or howled as the first racers crossed the line. The City Runner was in front—until the [Warrior] charged the last hundred feet, so fast that the celebrating Runner was raising his arms and waving as the other Gnoll passed him.
“[Run Down Opposition]! Hah! Did you see that?”
Gnolls laughed as the poor City Runner hung his head. Tkrn chortled—then saw the riders begin.
They were no less fast, but there was more variety in the races. Less sprints and more displays of riding skill. One group raced out of sight around the camp. No fighting was allowed, or direct interference with other horses, but they were allowed to use tricks. He saw dust clouds appear, one [Rider] jump all the others—even a [Horse Tamer] whistle and have all the horses behind her stop.
Another disqualification. Orreh came over. She handed Tkrn something.
“Snacks! You buy next time, yes? Silverfangs have money, so let’s share it!”
She grinned and nudged him. Tkrn was about to protest that he didn’t have that much money, until he recalled that Krshia had given him more thanks to his important status. Good naturedly, he nodded, reached into the simple bag of tightly-woven reeds or grass and took a pawful of…
Popcorn? He stared at it. It was reddish—Oor and Orreh were already fighting over it.
“How is this popcorn here? Where did you get it, Orreh?”
“They are already selling it, yes? This is the best one. Try it!”
Like Liscor, ideas spread fast. Tkrn did and his eyes widened.
“It tastes like beef!”
“Beef powder or flavor. So good. Nom. Oor, if you eat it all, I will hurt you! Save some for Inkarr!”
Where had she gone? Tkrn looked around, worried—then saw Inkar was on the horse that Oor had brought, riding her around. He was about to trot over, although she looked fine, when someone called his name.
“Here now. Is that…wait, I know this one. Tkrn? And Inkar, right?”
It was a deep voice for such a small man. Tkrn turned and found Merrik standing there. The Dwarf waved.
“Hello! Aren’t you the ones from the fight a day ago?”
Orreh waved at him. The Dwarf jogged over, grinning.
“Yes indeed! Fancy meeting you all again! Are you here to compete?”
“Watch. Inkarr might, but we are watching. Popcorn? Thank you for helping!”
Oor offered the popcorn around, good naturedly. Merrik chortled.
“Is that the popcorn stuff? No thanks. I was stuffing my face earlier and I’m actually feeling a bit sick. Peki nearly went insane for the popcorn—Garuda love it, apparently. Bird feed. Well met. You’re Oor, you’re…Tkrn, the [Guard], right? And you, Miss…?”
“Orreh. This one’s big sister. Where’s your Minotaur friend? The Garuda? You’re the [Strategists], aren’t you? The Titan’s students? I saw you at Daquin!”
Merrik shook his head, but not to deny it. Tkrn stared.
