8.10
Page 32
“No one is going to be happy about this. The [Miners] take bonuses on finding more adamantium veins in the seam. It’s good, guaranteed pay. Your father…”
“He nearly tore my tail off.”
Ilvriss sighed. His head still hurt from the shouting. He rubbed at his earholes. Zail Gemscale had expressed his disappointment with his son in no uncertain terms.
“It’s done, Alrric. I’m sorry for the injured and I didn’t want years, even a decade of petty infighting. So listen: here’s what I’m going to do. I demanded money back from Rellmel.”
“You had better. He could just give you all the money back and just take one third of the adamantium seam.”
Ilvriss shrugged.
“I’m placing…a hundred and forty thousand gold pieces. Take from it for all the healing bills first. Every person who was hurt, give them a sizable bonus. Then—issue a company-wide bonus at the end of this week’s pay with the remainder.”
Alrric’s breath caught.
“What, everyone?”
“Everyone. I’ll do the rounds and talk to people. Let’s see. I need to visit Tasilt, Brilm—and then tomorrow morning I’ll be gone.”
“What? Where?”
Alrric was having trouble keeping up. Ilvriss looked at him.
“The Walled Families are ready to censure me for my actions. It’s good timing; I was planning on leaving anyways. I’m bound for Oteslia. Apologies for all of this, Alrric. If my father comes, send him towards me.”
He left the Gnoll sitting there, stunned.
 
—-
 
For the first time in as long as he could remember, Ilvriss was losing money. The Drake had always, always had a sound head for business. He took calculated risks. He had made the company wealthy, with few spans of losses.
But now he was spending a fortune. His personal fortune, true, but that was money that should have lasted him into his old age! And he was making objectively bad decisions.
Bad decisions economically. Perhaps he’d ended a feud that would cost a few dozen lives and be inconvenient.
Zail Gemscale would have fought the feud even if it meant a century’s worth of hostility between families. He didn’t understand his son. Had he lost sight of everything?
Yet he still swore on truth spell that he remembered what it was like to be a Wall Lord of Salazsar.
“Leaving.”
Zail stared at Alrric. The [Administrator] sighed.
“I think your son meant to tell you over dinner, Wall Lord. I can direct you to his last location, but he is moving around. Perhaps it would be better to wait for him to find you? Or I can send a [Message] to him if you would care to wait in his office…”
Alrric was hinting. He did not get along with Zail. Fair was fair; Zail did not like a Gnoll working and essentially managing the company.
However, Zail’s dislike of the Gnoll was second-place to his confusion over his son. He almost felt like…he pulled his claw away from the dent in his head.
“You…you don’t know what’s changed about him, do you?”
Alrric hesitated. Both of them knew something had.
“Not in so many words, Wall Lord. However, Wall Lord Ilvriss has pursued his own business with minimal effect on the company, so I’ve not inquired. It’s not my business.”
“No, it’s not. You’re right about this. But the adamantium shaft…”
The Gnoll leaned on his desk.
“That does affect the company, yes. A third of the windfall of windfalls, gone.”
Zail found a seat. He stared at Alrric.
“And now he’s gone off to Oteslia. Same as Navine and my wife. Why?”
“I don’t know, Wall Lord. Perhaps you’d like to…?”
“No, I would not!”
Zail was growing angry. He controlled his breathing; his attendants hovered worriedly behind him.
