8.11 E (Revised)
Page 19
The two spoke with eerie unity. But it had been three voices. Califor and Sserys looked at Erin along with the silver Dragon.
He had landed without sound. There was no air here, no medium for it. She stared up at the Dragon.
He was as large as an airplane and a half. So gigantic he dwarfed her inn, with respect to Pelt and Dawil. And he was radiant. Magnificent. When he moved, glittering silver scales moved like a silver sea. There was no light though, and he too was dead. If he had been in reality, Erin would have probably been blinded and in tears…mainly because his scales had to reflect sunlight like a mirror.
“Oh.”
That was all she said. She stared up at him and the Dragon knelt.
Somehow, he managed to be quite graceful, despite being on all fours. He lowered his huge, sinuous head, and spoke, in a quite refined, albeit deep and booming, voice.
“Greetings, Erin Solstice, who is between death and life. I heard the plan to free you from that one’s clutches and am pleased it succeeded, for all that was lost. I am Yderigrisel. Knight-Dragon in service of Terandria and Izril. You know my protection in this place whilst my strength lasts, mortal. You may now kneel.”
The young woman stared up as the vast ghost of the great Knight-Dragon, protector and ancient ally of House Byres, looked down at her. She realized she stood in the ancient land of House Byres. And around her were suddenly the ghosts of countless people of Izril. Under the aegis of his wings.
She looked into his eyes, mesmerizing clouds of silver crossed with flashes of color.
“Um. Thank you. Hi. Nice to meet you, too.”
He blinked at her. Califor adjusted her hat. The young woman didn’t kneel. The Drake [General], Sserys, glowered.
The [Witch] began to smile.
 
—-
 
The keep of House Byres, where Yderigrisel led them, had been grand and glorious. Now, it was worn, weathered by time, where once it had been nearly twice as tall, shining with silver painted onto the façade, or perhaps even baked into the stones that had made it up.
Once, you could have looked up and seen the beacon blazing from the top, bringing a light like sunlight into the darkness of night at all times.
Once, you could see the heraldry of House Byres flying proudly, joined by whatever [Knight] or noble house was present or allied.
Once, you could see the shattered keep, blown apart by some incredible force, the entire top section collapsed—and then the repairs underway, the modest reconstruction on a limited budget.
At least they kept the hot springs.
If you looked back further, instead of the wide manor in which they all sat, the expensive furniture still harkening towards the silver motif, the paintings of each glorious member of the family on the walls and functional weaponry and armor ensconced on every wall—you could see what the land of the House of Byres had been before.
A deep forest, the kind of which you could stand in and look up without ever seeing the sky. Giant firs, a labyrinth of underbrush, before Humans had come here.
The ghosts chose to remember it in its glory days, and stood on carpets woven to glorify [Knightly] crusades, admiring maps, or relic-weapons waiting for their next owner to draw them in service of honor and valor.
Amid it all was the silver Dragon, the guest of honor, who had an entire wall devoted to murals of his legend. Not only that; in its heyday, when they had known his company, two vast double-doors had made up an entire wall, such that he could push them open and enter. Upon silver-marble tiles, he now knelt, inspecting the Human.
