8.11 E (Revised)
Page 44
But she had eyes for none of it. Erin called out across the myriad ghosts.
“Excuse me! Sorry, I just had a thought!”
The ghosts around her looked up at the one living young woman. Erin shouted.
“I’m looking for someone if they’re here! A ghost! Some ghosts that I might know. If anyone knows me—if you can help me find them? I know I’m not the only one, but…I miss them.”
She gulped. Suddenly, she remembered. Her voice quavered.
“I’m looking for my friends.”
The Antinium weren’t here. Nor were the Goblins. But…Erin looked around.
“I’m looking for a man. Gerial? And—and a Gnoll? Brunkr? Does anyone know the Horns of Hammerad? Ulrien Sparson? A [Lord]? Toldos Everight? Redit?”
She tried to remember their names. A ghost floated up to her. The [King] with the crown of glass, looking interested as the ghosts murmured.
“Who, pray tell, is this Gerial? A great Gold-rank adventurer, perchance?”
Erin stared blankly at him.
“No. He was Silver-rank. Who’re you?”
The [King] smiled grandly.
“Ah, young woman. I feel we have a connection though we have never met. You see, I keep abreast of the world’s news for I am not long dead.”
He gestured at his regal form, the crown he wore. The crown of glass was magical, and sparkled with rainbow colors reflected by an unseen source of light, for there was none in the lands of the dead.
So powerful, magical, but so fragile that it seemed a touch could shatter it. He wore no robes like some of the monarchs, but armor. Leather armor—lighter, clearly enchanted, revealed by a thrown-back cape, which, like the armor, bore a spiral-design of rune work, some magical shield against harm.
None of it had helped him, for the [King] was only in his fifties. And he was a sturdy fellow, without apparent health issues. Yet dead. He nodded grandly to Erin, his trimmed beard red-gold, like his entire family.
“I died before my dreams could be realized, in accident. Yet my legacy was not lost. In time, they knew not my name, but my only grandson. And they call him by the name that has shaken the world. The King of Destruction—”
The [Innkeeper] was nodding distractedly. She gently put her hands on him and spun him around and gave him a light push on the back.
“Yeah, okay, buddy. But I’m not looking for you. I’m looking for Gerial.”
The King of Destruction’s grandfather looked shocked.
“But I am a [King]! Is some Silver-rank adventurer more important than I?”
Even in death the egos of some people. Erin looked past him. She spoke for his benefit, and that of those listening.
“I don’t know. Gerial was my friend, that’s all. He—he was sort of a goofy guy. He was part of the Horns of Hammerad, with Calruz, this Minotaur who was all ‘honor and stuff’, and Ceria, who’s my friend. I always thought he was sensible. And nice. He was one of my first guests. And…he died in the dungeon of Liscor. Undead got him. I actually fought them, at my inn.”
The dead ghosts listened as the [Innkeeper] spoke. Erin didn’t realize it, but flickers were appearing around her.
A laughing team, cheering on the night before they went into the dungeon. An army of the undead, a creature crawling towards her inn as a ring of Antinium stood. Skinner.
And the man’s face. Erin spoke, a catch in her voice, even here.
“I just never got to say goodbye to him. Gerial was his name. I know it’s a long shot. But if you know him? There are others. I knew a Gnoll who wanted to be a [Knight]. I thought he was a jerk at first. And he was. I punched him in the stomach. He…I wish he hadn’t died. That’s all.”
