8.11 E (Revised)
Page 41
Especially Kasigna. She was staring at the men and women, puzzled, growing more furious with each moment. Erin was just stunned.
Who were they? How could they alone stand against her?
“How do they hold us?”
Tamaroth turned to Emerrhain. The wise man frowned at them. He named them slowly.
“Khelt.”
One of the women smiled archly at him. She was not beautiful if you only meant looks. She had taken many scars and she had not been chosen because she was a peerless beauty. Her beauty was confidence, grace.
Authority. She answered them proudly.
“Our reign still endures. Our kingdom still stands. So our power and pact remains. We are the rulers of Khelt and we say again—begone, things.”
“I rule death. I am a release of all things. I am salvation. Kneel to me.”
Kasigna ordered them. The half-Giant answered her with a shake of his head. The King of Khelt, the great smith-King, turned his head.
“Fool. Death is not the end of duty.”
Tamaroth stared at them. He spoke, eyes burning.
“Your natures are mine. You rule men and women. Come to me.”
Erin felt a tug at her heart. Just a tiny one. The rulers of Khelt wavered. Then they chuckled. Tamaroth wavered. This time the Garuda called down at him from the dune on which they stood.
“Little man. We are not [Kings]. We rule Khelt because we must. We never sought the crown but were chosen because we were suited. Look to Terandria for those who coveted what is duty. A third time! Begone!”
The eighteen stood. And the four struggled and argued and threatened. Yet they could not advance. Erin saw them staring at her. At the kingdom of death, which had more power here than any other so long as Khelt endured.
She watched the dead gods vanish into the distance.
 
—-
 
The eighteen looked tired after the confrontation.
“They grow stronger again. If only the power of Giants could join ours, or the Treants of the sea. Still, I would rather lie with maggots than ally with Dragons. Let them hold Baleros and Terandria if they can.”
One of them remarked. The others nodded. Erin found herself staring up at them, awed despite herself.
They looked impressive. These were not the bodies of undead revenants bound in death. She saw them as they had lived. As the Garuda Queen had said—they were not rulers by nature.
The half-Giant bore a hammer. True, ornate, but he carried a huge anvil on his back, secured by chains of mithril.
One of the others had ink stains on her fingers and a quill in her hands.
Yet another had such a grace to his steps that Erin thought he was either a [Fencer] or a [Dancer] or both.
All were still garbed in robes or cloth, rather than armor, wearing the same crown. Each royal raiment swirled with magical sigils for protection, preservation. Yet, the eighteen wore the clothing carelessly, heedless of the priceless artifacts they wore, now a second skin. The only thing that they never took lightly were the crowns. They weighed upon each one, man and woman, half-Giant and Garuda.
A proud, but heavy weight that pressed on all things. Joy, humor, sadness, wrath—the weight of a crown. A kingdom.
Khelt.
The eighteen rulers of their nation turned to the vast number of ghosts, then. It was the closest female Queen who spoke. The last ruler of Khelt before Fetohep. She imperiously looked down the line of Izril’s ghosts as she addressed them.
“You stand before the Queens and Kings of Glorious Khelt, children of Izril. Rejoice. Weep if thou wilt. For while you walk Chandrar-of-death, know that no shades shall haunt you. We have pledged to guard our people and kingdom, and do so even in the second of our deaths.”
