8.11 E (Revised)
Page 35
None of the other ghosts cried. They couldn’t. They were trapped here, at the mercy of these…these parasites. These predators of souls.
It was not right. So Erin was angry as she ran.
“[Like Fire, Memory]! [Fireball]! [Minotaur Punch]! Relc Punch! No?”
“What are you doing?”
Califor snapped at Erin. They weren’t sprinting—well, some of the ghosts were. Califor strode along at the same speed Erin ran. Some of the [Witches] just walked at top speed in this place.
“Trying to fight back! If I could throw fire—Maviola burned Kasigna!”
The [Witch] shook her head.
“She was inside Kasigna, wherever you were and the three-in-one was distracted! We saw her, and you. That can’t happen here. Magic is gone, and so are Skills!”
It was true. Erin couldn’t produce the fire, try as she might. So she kept running. Yderigrisel had possessed his fire because it was his. Erin…could spit on the dead gods?
She was darn well going to if she got the chance! Erin looked around and saw a swarm of bodies. The refugee ghosts were fleeing. Many followed Erin and Califor, but the others were splitting up. Some, on the assumption it was better to brave the lesser shadows alone rather than the three who would follow.
Others to warn the other strongholds. Izril was lost.
Erin saw two more strongholds on the way back south. Invrisil had been one, and the adventurers who had made a place here abandoned it, fleeing in every direction.
Similarly, she saw a strange conflagration of souls fleeing as she and Califor crossed the High Passes. Winged shapes flew, heading west.
“Harpies.”
Califor pointed up. Erin stared at the ghosts as they too ran from the kingdom that had once been theirs. She remembered a name.
Empress Sheta of the Harpies.
Erin stopped as she reached the Floodplains of Liscor. They had fled for moments—or perhaps longer, but it felt short. Califor stopped.
“What are you doing? They are coming!”
The [Witch] pointed. There were mountains in the way, countless obstacles, but somehow, Erin saw the three. They were turning towards her, having destroyed the sanctuary of the silver Dragon. They were following and they were faster than the ghosts.
However—Erin ran towards the inn, not further south.
“My inn! You said they couldn’t get into the [Garden of Sanctuary]! Maybe if my body’s safe, we can—”
She ran into the inn. Califor followed with a stream of ghosts.
“There’s a problem. Erin—”
The [Innkeeper] ran for a wall and phased through it. She realized what it was in an instant.
She couldn’t use her Skills. Not even in her inn. Erin looked around.
“Maybe the door’s open? Mrsha’s here. It has to be…there!”
She saw it flicker open this very moment, into the kitchen! Little Mrsha, stealing cookies! Erin ran at it.
“Follow me, every—”
Even in death, the bwuh sound Erin made was instinctual. There was no smack of her ghostly body hitting the barrier, but she found herself pressed up against it. Erin ran her hands over the barrier she had never experienced with the [Garden of Sanctuary] beyond. She threw up her hands.
“Oh, come on. It’s me! It’s me! You stupid door! I’m going to—”
“Stop shouting and run.”
Califor grabbed her. The two ran onwards, Erin shouting insults at the [Garden of Sanctuary] the entire way. She looked around for Reiss. Numbtongue had claimed he saw the Goblin ghost.
Reiss was gone.
 
—-
 
Onwards. Past Liscor. Erin had never gone this far south. She ran through the Bloodfields with the other ghosts. Behind her, she saw the three approaching. They stopped now and then to snatch up ghosts.
