8.11 E (Revised)
Page 2
Erin blinked. The biggest headline and picture was of a man—the president?—at a podium, was juxtaposed next to a map with highlighted areas on it of varying intensity of red. The rest of the news page was filled with the other stories, links, an ad—but this one was full-page.
Several things struck her as wrong instantly. Firstly? That wasn’t who she remembered being President of the United States. Secondly—disappearances?
Memory tugged at her, but she scrolled down.
 
‘I thought he was gone.’ Families reunite after two-year disappearance among the ‘Spirited Generation’.
‘Anti-Vax’ fever at an all-time high. Experts warn pandemic only getting worse.
Angry tortoise kills a man in sleep.
The Spirited Generation: Disappearance and discovery in eight stories.
 
Erin stared at the stories. She felt an odd dissonance, but then reality asserted itself. Of course there was a pandemic. Everyone was stuck indoors and that sucked, even for young women who loved to sit indoors and play chess all day.
And of course the disappearances weren’t helping matters. She should know. She had been…
Erin put a hand to her head and tried to remember. As always, nothing more came. She began to click on the first link about the ‘Spirited Generation’ when an irritated voice floated upwards.
“Erin Solstice!”
“Oops. Coming!”
Erin pushed herself back from her desk, leaving chess and news behind. She emerged from her room, the hallway, and made for the stairs to the living room and dining room combined.
On the way, she halted. Her head slowly turned and she stared at a room lit at the far end of the hall. Door slightly ajar. Bright, artificial light streamed from the crack.
It was…a bathroom. Just a bathroom. Erin stared at it, as she always did, and slowly walked forwards.
She cracked open the door and looked around. It was empty, which was a relief. But…
She turned off the bathroom light and closed the door. Then she went downstairs for breakfast.
 
—-
 
“There you are. Playing chess the moment I wake you up. I don’t know where you get it from.”
The accusatory tone made Erin wince as she walked down the carpeted stairs. She stared around her family’s home. In Michigan. Warm in the winter, but not so much that Erin didn’t wish she’d tossed on a coat and slippers.
Snow was melting outside. Sunlight—brighter than the dreary winter—shone through two open windows. At the far end of the room was the kitchen, dining room, and they connected to the living room without a hallway or door.
Shauna Solstice sat at the dining table, occupying the far end with a sewing machine and cloth. The chatter of the sewing machine was a familiar background, but Erin paused to listen to it anyways as she came down the stairs.
Her mother’s job was making handicrafts, having picked up on it when caring for Erin. She’d jumped on the internet trend of selling her works online.
The smell of breakfast lured Erin to the table. She stared at the plate and knife and fork, and then sat down. She poked at a fried egg, the toast, reached for the butter knife.
“It’s cold, mom.”
“Well, it was warm when your alarm went off. And I warmed it up after I came to get you. I wonder how it got so cold since then?”
Shauna replied without looking up. Erin sighed. Her mother had little pity for those faced with cold breakfasts. And truthfully, if Erin was playing chess she wouldn’t even notice what food it was, or how warm.
She began eating, and discovered she was hungry. Erin began to perk up. But no sooner had Erin begun to enjoy her meal than her mother spoke.
