8.11 E (Revised)
Page 45
That was all there was. She wished they hadn’t died. And she remembered them all.
Every statue in her garden. Erin stood there, looking down at the dead. And because she had told them about Brunkr, she had to tell them about the Antinium chess club. Because they weren’t here, yet they should be remembered.
Now, the names came back to her.
Ulrien of Griffon Hunt. Someone had actually been saved by his team.
Marian. Sostrom. Hunt!
Zel Shivertail, of course. Goblins she had known by name and not. Headscratcher, Shorthilt…the one called Bugear who had died fighting the Eater Goats.
Vladimir, Bishop, the chess club’s Antinium.
“There was a brave [Lord]. An old man who fought for me. When I needed help, I asked him if he was willing to die for a belief. And he didn’t hesitate. He was called Lord Toldos. I wish…”
Memories circled around her. The Dynasty of Khelt, Califor and the [Witches], looked at the [Innkeeper] as she remembered her fallen friends.
“Ah. I think that the [Innkeeper] chose her class well. But she will not be the [Hero] or [Champion] of Khelt.”
One of them spoke, and the others nodded. Erin floated there, telling stories. And though she met people who had known her friends…
So many were gone. Someone had seen Hunt disappear when one of the sanctuaries fell. Ulrien? No one knew where he was.
She still told stories. Because she had to. Because it mattered, even if only the dead knew one more story. Her throat could not grow dry, and she would never grow tired.
It was as she was standing there, telling the story of the day her inn’s guests had played baseball, a story of the future after disaster and death, reclaiming a moment of happiness, that someone pushed through the sea of ghosts. He called up to her, floating a bit higher.
“Erin?”
She looked down. And there he was.
Gerial. Tall, gangly even, with a mustache on his face. Almost over-lean for a [Warrior], and so often wearing the bemused, worried expression around Ceria and Calruz. When he wasn’t laughing.
Unlike most of the ghosts here, his armor had no enchantment. It was leather…just leather. Compared to the flashing runes of magic, the Dragonscales forged into armor, the silk and, if you were a poor ruler, mere mithril armor, he looked like a pauper.
It just made him realer than the legends who stood around him. And more welcome to her.
He looked up at her as she froze. Erin breathed.
“Gerial. It’s you.”
“It’s me.”
He repeated after a moment of hesitation. What else was there to say. Erin floated downwards until they were on the ground together. She looked at him. He cleared his throat a few times.
“I heard the story about Ceria. Calruz. I wish…I didn’t know if you’d remember me, but they told me you were here. Everyone—they’re speaking across the coast, where we arrived.”
He pointed. Erin looked across the sea of the dead. Gerial swept a hand through his hair.
“We only met a moment. I was glad to learn that the others survived. And you remembered me. You…”
“Of course I did. Gerial.”
He looked at her. Erin began to wipe at her eyes, and then didn’t bother. She smiled, tremulously.
“Gerial. Hello.”
“Hello, Erin. Goodbye.”
He smiled wistfully. Erin threw her arms around him.
“I’m glad I could meet you. Even if it meant this.”
They smiled and hugged and Erin laughed, truly laughed in happiness for the first time since she had realized she was dead. For a moment, all was well.
Then the six walked on Chandrar with a second sea of shadows.
 
—-
 
The Dynasty of Khelt held them with a wall of sand as tall as the sky. It was six, not four. The shadows flickered, pressing in.
