8.11 E (Revised)
Page 4
March 6th, 2021. Erin felt a shock in her chest, as she had every day on seeing the date. It had been 2016 when she’d gone to the bathroom and never come back.
Then she glanced down and saw the headline of the article on the small screen.
 
Spirited Generation girl plays three games against Grandmaster in chess game on…
 
It wasn’t a great title. They didn’t even have her name, or the Grandmaster player, which Erin felt was a bit rude. It was just the idea of it that the article was trying to sell you on.
But that title.
The Spirited Generation.
Shauna Solstice looked at Erin’s face. She closed the lid of the laptop abruptly. Her daughter started.
The familiar looks of annoyance, motherly pride, and so on changed. Erin saw her mother’s face cloud with concern. And…Erin felt a lurch in her stomach.
“How are you, Erin?”
Erin’s toes curled on the carpet. She forced herself to smile.
“Fine. I just don’t want to work.”
Shauna hmmed, sounding peeved, but she looked relieved.
“Ask your father. And clean up the dishes! Dishwasher!”
She pointed, and Erin realized she had to bus her plate and utensils and the breakfast dishes.
Oh, what a miserable existence. Erin groaned over it…until she stopped. Because it wasn’t that much work to put some food in tupperware, put dirty plates in the dishwasher. In fact, it was downright easy. She’d had far worse when…
It was happening again. 
Erin Solstice went upstairs before her mother could talk more about her part-time job. She sat in the chair in front of the computer and loaded up the news article.
The Spirited Generation. That’s what they called Erin and all the others who’d been lost. Based on Spirited Away, the famous movie. Erin had to admit, it fit.
The article was nothing Erin didn’t know, but she read it again.
It had been nearly four months since she’d woken up in the abandoned mall. Three since she’d been back home.
She remembered nothing of the four years before that, even when the FBI and other investigators had pressed her to remember any clues. Anything at all.
 
 
—-
 
The world was in a bad place. A pandemic in the air. Lockdowns, a world divided by both sickness and paranoia. Conspiracy theories, tensions between countries, distrust in governments at an all-time high.
Protests, demonstrations, riots…it seemed like something new every day. Not just in her country, not by far. Erin could scroll through any number of sites and see dozens of conspiracy theories. Videos too. They weren’t being listed on a lot of big sites, but no one could get rid of them.
And the heart of the issue was the virus. And the Spirited Generation.
Erin was maybe even one of the first, certainly part of the ‘first wave’ of disappearances at the very least.
Four—closer to five years ago—she had been going to the bathroom in her house when she had vanished. Her parents had looked for her, suspected she’d run away or been kidnapped. But they had no idea why. Why would Erin run away or be kidnapped? She was a highly-ranked chess player worldwide, but not some celebrity and their family wasn’t rich. And run away? Erin was a homebody! She liked playing chess, not exploring or getting into trouble.
They had done what all good parents did: search and inform all the authorities. They had feared and prayed and tried to find a clue until they realized they were not alone.
Young people were vanishing. Across the world, teenagers to young adults were just going missing. Not children, and not anyone over thirty.
