8.11 E (Revised)
Page 31
One of the [Ladies] announced herself in a mournful sigh.
“I wish the House of Byres had not faded. I wish my descendants would recall our glory.”
She drifted closer. Erin turned. Suddenly—all the ghosts were drifting towards her.
It was like a vortex. Their faces began to twist with grief, longing, loss. Something in Califor’s desperation called to them. They came towards Erin, moving around her.
In a spiral. She tried to flee. But then even Yderigrisel spoke.
“I wish I had not died. I wish my kin lived. There are so few left. I wish our time was not ending. I wish I was remembered…”
Even him. They circled Erin. Reaching towards her. Pulling at her, demanding her to carry their wishes. She tried to flee. To scream.
Three ghosts clung to her. The Putrid One, Sserys, Califor. They whispered in her ears, dragging at her, pulling, as if trying to put themselves in her. So she could carry them to the land of the living.
“I wish I had loved.”
“I wish I had another chance.”
“I wish I had left her more.”
“I wish—”
She was sinking in an ocean of ghosts as they all called for her. The [Innkeeper] cried out. She heard the voices merging together. They were creeping under her skin. Into her body. Into her s—
A voice shouted amid the storm of whispers.
“I lived well! I have no regrets!”
The whispers stopped. Erin saw a single figure standing there. She lifted the spear over her head. Her tanned skin, and smile—
She was so many years younger than when Erin had met her. But she stood the same way. Salt flecked hair. A smile as she and her husband walked through the sea of despair.
Gresaria Wellfar swung her spear and the sea of ghosts parted. She shouted at the stronger ghosts, laughing.
“I did everything I wanted. I tried everything I could. I did not always succeed—but I would never give my dreams to someone else to carry. For shame! Stand back, you sea-leeches!”
The ghosts drifted back, blinking. Recoiling. The Putrid One let go of Erin, as the trance of misery faded. Yderigrisel flapped backwards.
“What was that?”
“Wishes are a dangerous thing. Hello, [Innkeeper]. I was told Maviola died well at the end. And again, I wasn’t there to see it. Just like her.”
Gresaria Wellfar touched Erin’s arm. The young woman gasped in relief. The [Lady] turned. She was almost as young as Erin, just half a decade older. Her husband bowed to Erin.
“Well met.”
She breathed. Then—looked again.
“Gresaria? Thank you. And you’re…”
The pair of them smiled. Young as Erin or Ryoka. It was how they saw themselves.
Erin Solstice had met Gresaria for half a day, and it had mainly been Gresaria trying to ‘kill’ Maviola. She had never seen her again.
The old rival to Maviola El had died in the north, when the Flowers of Izril went to war against the Guild of Assassins. She had roused the pride of the nobility and led the [Captains] and crews of First Landing against the guild itself.
This was what Erin had heard. She was ashamed to admit that even then, the news had been a distant blow compared to the immediate, like Tritel and Ci, Lord Toldos, and the others.
Now, she looked at Gresaria and felt tears spring to her eyes. Twice, Gresaria had helped Erin and her friends, without even knowing her.
“Thank you.”
She repeated herself. At a loss for something else to say to encapsulate it all. Gresaria and her husband looked at her. Then the [Harbormistress] of First Landing, the Duchess of the Waves, the Duchess of Salt, threw back her head and laughed. Her green-and-brown hair shone for a second, and she looked as young as Maviola.
