8.11 E (Revised)
Page 36
They were too fast. Gaining ground. But the ghosts had a lead on them and Califor carried them south.
They reached Pallass and ran past the empty walls. The Drakes standing at the Walled City called to them. Califor and the other ghosts from the north shouted warnings, but the ghosts of dead Drakes refused to abandon their city. Erin saw the three stop at the walls and walk onto them. A Dragon and Oldbloods breathed fire—then knelt.
Gone.
After that, more ghosts of Drakes and Gnolls joined the stream flowing out of Izril. Gnoll tribes, Drakes from cities. Even Dragons, taking wing. Behind them, the three gorged themselves on the souls, picking at the slowest.
Erin looked back as she reached Zeres. And she saw them for what they were.
Rotted, foul figures, crouching, gorging themselves on souls. Fighting, snarling at each other. Even the Putrid One had not been so foul. They stank in this place. But they were alive.
Coming back. Growing stronger. Erin shouted back at them.
“Why are you doing this? Why do you have to do this?”
One of them answered.
“We want to live. Don’t you?”
They were desperate. For all they wanted to be so feared. Erin saw them grabbing. She pointed.
“They’re people! Children! Don’t you care?”
Kasigna looked at her.
“We matter more. Some things matter more than others. This is the truth. You matter more than grass or insects. So it is for us.”
Erin clenched her fist.
“The first person I ever spoke to was an insect! He’s my friend!”
They laughed at her and followed once more.
Erin ran onto the sea with Califor. Across waves frozen in time, blurring over the ocean as the land vanished behind them.
And still, the three followed.
 
—-
 
What could stop them? Erin had no Skills. Califor was helpless. But the ghosts were still brave.
So brave. A squadron of Drakes stayed to delay the three a second, darting around them and forcing them to slow to grab at them.
An adventurer halted and called an insult to Tamaroth.
“I’ve seen better beards on the asses of donkeys!”
It actually worked. He slowed, and Erin laughed and cried as the adventurer vanished, saluting towards her and the others. More tried it, but the dead gods refused to fall for it twice.
If only they could be fought! Erin felt herself growing…tired…of the flight. Even the ghosts felt the distance they had covered. There was no sweat to wipe, though, no muscles to burn or grow tired.
Tears, yes. Erin was the only one who could shed them, so she did. For the ghosts. For brave people.
“If only I had some water.”
The murmur came from Abel. He had joined Califor and Erin at the first flight and stayed with them. He looked longingly at a tear as it vanished. The [Innkeeper] nodded, licking her lips.
“Water? I’d love blue fruit juice. Anything.”
Erin longed for it too, but Abel shook his head.
“Just water. Just sweet water. I would do anything for that.”
Erin closed her eyes, still moving. Yes, even that would be the most luxurious thing in the world.
“A glass of cool water. Not so cool it hurts your teeth, but almost. So cold and fresh and even a bit sweet if you’re thirsty enough.”
The ghosts murmured, all of them imagining it. So did Erin. She heard a sound.
“Erin Solstice. Look.”
Califor stared as they fled across the deeps of the ocean. Erin looked down.
She was holding a cup of water.
She promptly dropped it and it vanished. Abel and Califor made a sound.
“How…?”
The stool. Erin recalled the Putrid One making it! Out of a memory! That had been a cup of water from the well when it had first been dug! She tried again.
