8.11 E (Revised)
Page 25
But suddenly, Sserys was sitting at a desk in a war tent. He looked up as screaming filled the air. Erin saw the Drake slowly draw his sword as the tent flaps parted and a vast, insectile form cast a shadow. The Drake lunged—
Erin saw the memory play out in front of her. For a second, she smelled what he had smelled, even felt his emotions from afar. The sensations.
His last moments. Sserys sat there, a single wound torn through his armor, his heart and body. He touched it and looked at her.
“I thought we stood on the moment of true victory. In arrogance, I never thought the Antinium had any last resorts. They unleashed their great warrior and I damned my people to war with them for decades since. Perhaps centuries. We all had one chance. And now you’re dead. Because you weren’t cautious. Because you thought yourself immortal. And because of luck, now they sacrifice themselves to give you another chance. First Maviola, then Zel. How many more?”
Erin looked down at her death. She looked at Sserys, at Califor. The [Witch] was not as bitter as the dead [General]. Nevertheless, her gaze was no less piercing.
She had one chance. And this? Erin tugged at the bolts weakly, yet she had no strength to draw them out.
“But I don’t want to be dead. I wanted to live. I want to…”
Blood ran down her front. The ghosts looked at her, pityingly, mercilessly, envying the shred of hope. The gaze of the countless dead, hiding from dark things even here.
Erin fled.
 
—-
 
The aegis of Yderigrisel extended far around the lands of House Byres. Erin felt the safety of his presence, like the radiance of his scales.
She ran, knowing it was foolish. But their calm, cold judgment had revealed the truth to her. What a pointless, foolish death.
An accident. Some Drakes with crossbows. Why that way? Of all the ways…
“I want to live. I didn’t want this! Maviola? Olesm? The Antinium? War? How many died?”
Erin sobbed. She stumbled across the landscape, miles blurring with each moment. Space was different here.
She stopped as she realized she’d gone far. She turned back, fearing she had gone too far and the shadows—she whirled.
No, there was no Kasigna. No…Tamaroth. 
God of Rulers. Protect Us in Our Weakness. The old coin he’d given her burned in her memory.
She knew what they were. But why were they like that?
Why was this the afterlife?
“Why am I here? Alive? Dead? I—I have to get to my body. I’ll go back. Send a message. Tell them not to…”
But she wanted to live. It was still there, such a strong desire that despite the grief, the fear for her friends who would risk themselves for her, she still wanted to open her eyes.
To hug her family in this world and promise never to be so stupid again.
She wanted to see her real parents.
The little ghost, not quite dead, not fully alive, knelt on the ground and covered her face. Her tears fell to the ground and vanished. Shadows gathered in the distance, watching her. But they never approached.
Someone stood there. Keeping this place safe. Erin looked up as she saw the figure standing there.
This was safety. However, this was not Yderigrisel’s lands. She had run here, by accident, feeling safe in the shadow of a second mighty presence.
“Hope is a terrible thing, girl. Perhaps you will never wake. Like me, you will stay here. Neither dead nor alive. Waiting for one or the other. And that is worst of all.”
She looked up. A man stood in front of her. Erin recoiled—but he had no beard. Nor a nature like the strangers. The dead, rotting devourers.
