8.11 E (Revised)
Page 21
“Wait, so before ‘now’—how many days are we talking?”
He snorted at her and rudely put his feet up on the table. For a great [General] revered by all, Sserys was ruder and less couth than Zel himself was.
“Time is meaningless here. All I know is that the six gained strength ‘recently’. Very recently. And then, when everything shook—”
“The Summer Solstice.”
Sserys paused. Erin looked at Califor and the [Witch] stared at her, knowingly.
“Yes. Then. The shadows were even stronger after that. All of them were. Before, when I died, they were just…scavengers. They ate some of the [Soldiers] who died with me after the Antinium slaughtered us, but I kept the rest back. We went from sanctuary to sanctuary and there wasn’t as much danger. Oh, there was if you left the aegis of a powerful soul, but I walked the entire world and saw other souls doing the same. Now? It’s oblivion. A final death.”
“But this is death.”
“Yes. Though I think consumption is the final end. Perhaps it isn’t. But I do not think to see Maviola or Zel again. Those things are predators. I told my coven as much when they reached out to me. I tried to pass on, yet there was nothing to pass on to! We cannot die or move on, but we can be eaten. Why, I do not know. That is this reality, though.”
Califor spoke simply. Erin put her head in her hands.
“Why am I alive, then?”
“Simple. You did not fully die.”
“What? Don’t be silly. I got shot with crossbow bolts. Six of ‘em, I think. I…died…”
The [Innkeeper] touched her chest. She remembered the pain.
Sserys stirred. His tail moved and his mouth opened, but he hesitated. Califor raised her brows slowly.
“You don’t know? Of course not. Listen to me, Erin Solstice.”
Califor looked at the [Innkeeper].
“Maviola El was the last great soul to make it. Few do, now. Yderigrisel cannot find them and it is too dangerous for us to escort them here. But she did. Once we told her of this place, she told us all that you were alive. That you were a child of Earth, another world, as two are in this place. And that we had to rescue you. She convinced us to try.”
Sserys grasped at Erin’s arm.
“And Zel died from it. If you live, remember. Az’kerash slew him. He lives. Tell the Walled Cities! Tell them—”
She didn’t feel that. But she still felt. She looked at her hands, and knew she was one of the few solid things in this world. And hope blossomed in her chest?
“I’m alive? How?”
 
—-
 
Frozen in ice. Erin’s eyes were unfocused, trying to imagine it.
“I’m a block of ice?”
“It makes little sense as we understand it. But Maviola El apparently saw you—and that thing—as she fled here. Your soul is proof enough. You live. And you must be guarded until you can return. If you return. Otherwise something might take your place.”
Erin’s body lay in the [Garden of Sanctuary], according to Maviola. Califor and Sserys could not confirm that fact, only tell Erin what Maviola knew. Nor could they check. Apparently even ghosts couldn’t enter the garden, so she was safe in theory.
She spoke to Yderigrisel and Califor and Sserys—and a number of other ghosts.
There was no real pecking order in the lands of the dead in terms of social rank. A [Farmer] was no different from a [Lord] here, unless both ghosts believed it. Some did. But the real test was…strength of the soul.
It corresponded to the level they held in life, by and large. Even souls without levels were here.
Yderigrisel was one. He snorted when Erin asked why he could protect the sanctuary when Sserys, Califor, Maviola, and Zel had been all but helpless and only able to delay Kasigna a second.
