8.11 E (Revised)
Page 32
“For what? I should be thanking you, and that reckless flaming horse thief! What a way to end it all. But not you, eh? May you have a thousand adventures more.”
“And find yourself an adventurous wife. That’s what I did.”
Her husband winked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] looked at them as they grinned and Gresaria gently squeezed her shoulder.
She wished she had known them when they were alive.
 
—-
 
“Why are you here, ghost? I thank you for—stopping us.”
Afterwards, as the ghosts haunted by memory and regret returned to normal, Yderigrisel inclined his head to her. Gresaria nodded briskly at him, addressing the congregation of the dead.
“I did not think to see a living girl here, much less one I knew. We come here bearing warning. First Landing has fallen. The six strangers assailed us. The Five Families stood against them—and fell. We left rather than fight a losing battle, to warn the others. There is no standing against the three-in-one.”
The ghosts fell silent. Erin saw the Byres family look at each other.
“How? They were not all mighty, but there were six Dragons who held that sanctuary. How did they fall?”
Yderigrisel demanded, shocked. Gresaria looked up at him gravely.
“They did not fight. They were prepared to, but the three-in-one—that woman—she walked forwards. And they knelt and vanished before her. She rules this place. And with each moment, she holds it more strongly. The ghosts fled; the six will pursue, yet I saw three walk this way. Now, I know why.”
She looked at Erin. The ghosts began to susurrate, little wailing whispers. Califor looked around.
“Then we must flee.”
“Where? Can any stronghold of the dead stand against that kind of power?”
One of the [Witches] demanded, despairing. Califor turned on her.
“Perhaps not. But what else is there to hope for? Izril is lost. The bearded man is rooted here and clearly the six prey on Izril first. Yet what else can be done? Surrender without a fight? I say that if we are to end, let us place hope and wish together and strive for some small defiance before all ends.”
She looked at Erin and an echo of her whisper lingered. Erin looked around. She wanted to ask why her, again. Yet the answer was simple.
Because there wasn’t anyone else.
“I…I’ll try to tell them what’s happening. But I don’t know if I’ll get to come back.”
“A chance is better than none. And this is a grand reason to fight. I had despaired, thinking my battle would be for vanity or survival. Nay! One last time, let the House of Byres defend a cause!”
Yderigrisel cried. He flew upwards and ghosts called out. Califor nodded at Erin.
“We must prepare to go. They are coming.”
Her words were not wrong. No sooner had she spoken than Erin saw the manor of the House of Byres, the great keep, the one in the modern time, faded, the swamp, fade away.
Like they were shadows in front of light. But it was not light that pierced this afterlife.
It was them.
They walked across the landscape from north to south. Just walked, with a speed unmatched. Confident, this time approaching in the open.
Three strangers. Erin and the ghosts fell silent. The young woman felt fear in her heart.
She knew three of them.
The first was Tamaroth. Like the others, his appearance seemed to change so the one constant was the beard. He looked like her father. Like the principal of her school. Even like Zel, for a moment—
Like his nature. A leader among men.
The second hobbled, or walked straight-backed, or with the weight of age on her shoulders. Three-in-one.
Kasigna. Her eyes were fixed on Erin and Yderigrisel both. She was smiling.
