8.11 E (Revised)
Page 34
He was looking at Sserys. The [General] knelt in front of him. Kasigna reached down for Yderigrisel’s head. Erin heard a sigh.
“Of all the ways it should end, like this? Defending a silver Dragon. Yet it is an end.”
A hand caught Kasigna’s. This time the woman did start. She looked up.
“How? I rule this land!”
“And my kind rules death. Nor am I fully dead.”
The Putrid One informed her calmly. He picked Kasigna up. Erin saw the Putrid One’s head turn around a hundred and eighty degrees to face her.
“We have power in this place. Look, friend of [Necromancers]. This is what I was.”
He lifted Kasigna higher. Higher—he did not float. The misshapen flesh expanded, the rotting skin—
The Putrid One heaved as his noxious form engulfed the frail form of the half-Elf he had chosen to be. Kasigna went flying. The [Necromancer] advanced. She was on her feet as if she had never fallen.
She hissed.
“Insolence!”
The Putrid One was already fading. He looked back at Erin and smiled.
“Respite.”
Then he was gone. Tamaroth and the lost thing seemed more amused than anything else.
“How they struggle. Then I shall take her.”
Tamaroth turned. But the Putrid One had done more with that one touch than just throw Kasigna back a pace.
The kneeling Drake in front of Tamaroth moved. He lunged to his feet. Tamaroth’s head turned—and Sserys’ head collided with his chin.
Headbutt.
Tamaroth staggered as the Drake jumped backwards. Sserys seemed to be as surprised as Tamaroth that he was still existing. He’d clocked the bearded man with all his might.
Erin had no conception of physics or the materiality of their ‘bodies’ in this place. Even so—
That looked like it hurt.
“That worked? If you take them off-guard, they miss their chance! Don’t let them touch you!”
Sserys snapped around. The ghosts were getting to their feet. Califor grabbed Erin’s sleeve.
“Now! Run!”
The lost thing lunged. Uonp blocked it. She vanished. Erin stumbled away.
“To arms!”
The first [Lord] and [Lady] of the House of Byres drew swords. Gresaria Wellfar and her husband joined the ranks of ghosts freed from Kasigna’s control.
They blocked the three. Kasigna was enraged, striding forwards. Tamaroth was following Sserys. The Drake turned to Erin.
“Run. And tell them.”
He met her gaze. Erin began to run. She saw silver flash.
Yderigrisel. Freed, he roared and his voice was the loudest in this place. He flew upwards as the three turned to face the army of ghosts.
The smaller ghosts fled. They ran, with Erin and Califor, fleeing the three as the House of Byres, Sserys, and Gresaria made a stand.
The Knight-Dragon flew next to Erin and Califor for a moment as they raced south, the ghosts fleeing the battle behind them. Califor was pointing.
“To the sea! We must find another continent, another haven if one exists!”
Then she and Erin turned as they ran to the silver Dragon. For a moment, Erin thought his nerve had broken. One vast eye blinked at her, and Yderigrisel spoke. To her.
“Remember this, girl from another world. Bring wrath and justice to these craven things when you wake! And tell…tell the House of Byres I was faithful even past death.”
He banked his wings and turned. The Silver Dragon spread his wings and dove across the vast distance as the ghosts fled.
Erin ran once more. This time, her tears faded into nothingness before they even hit the ground.
Just like the ghosts.
 
—-
 
Erin was crying as she ran. Death. Even here, after they died, why was there still death? Tears ran down her face at the unfairness of it all.
