8.11 E (Revised)
Page 49
The [Witches] waited for her. Great adventurers, [Sages], [Archmages], and so on. Trying to find out how to help the curious girl who brought sunlight for the first time in this place.
That was for her. For them, Erin Solstice had only what she knew. So, she carefully got to work.
It wasn’t so much creating as remembering creating.
“See, it was the best burger I ever made. I put some lettuce in there, some nice cheese…and I fried the hamburger patty just so. Even the buns. It was the best darn burger and Relc ate it in two bites. So…here.”
She slowly pushed it across the table. The hamburger of memory appeared and the grandfather of the King of Destruction slowly picked it up.
He stopped a moment to feel the texture—texture in this place. He found his mouth watering, and opened his mouth.
The ghosts watched as he bit, chewed, and swallowed. Erin held her breath. After a moment, the [King] opened his eyes.
“…I have had better. The seasoning is not strong; the meat slightly overcooked. The meat, to begin with seems to be substandard. Ground up because it cannot stand by itself. The bread, likewise—”
Erin threw up her hands, conjured an Imani-burger, and slapped it on the table. She shoved it at Gerial. It met with considerably more approval and the ghost-king looked disappointed he didn’t get that one. Erin folded her arms and glared at him.
“Well, this is the only inn in the afterlife. That’ll be four silver.”
The [King] stared at her. The [Innkeeper] wondered if someone could make an inn or she could borrow a palace or something.
In the land of the dead, The Wandering Inn opened for business. And someday, surely…
She would go back.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes: And we’re done. It was more work than I thought! Less than I feared, honestly.
The previous chapter will be up for Patrons if they really want to see the differences, but functionally, having an editor improved the entirety of the chapter in ways from simple things like my overuse of words like ‘but’, line-edits for clarity—and stronger visual scenery and proper emotional scenes.
In short, it improved me in my style, rather than cut down the chapter as many people feared. Which is what a good editor does, not shoehorn you into something else. I appreciate Rebecca’s hard work…and I don’t want to be an editor.
It’s exhausting to revise. However, I hope the wait was worth it and you can appreciate one of the better chapters I’ve written. One of the bigger ones. But I think the chapter speaks for itself there.
Thanks for reading, and helping me get to the point where I can hold editor-contests and take the time to revise chapters. I’m off to finish the next Patreon one, but look forwards to two more after this if you’re a Public reader!
–pirateaba
 
 
Erin and Headscratcher, and Hate-Fire Erin by Lire!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lightsresonance
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/lightsresonance
                       
 
Frozen Erin by Decarbry, commissioned by Roguish!
https://www.philosoficate.com/

 
Erin and Relc by Bunny!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/mochibunny
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/mochibunny2
                       
 

