8.11 E (Revised)
Page 29
But she knew. Califor answered her.
“Because you stand at the heart of why they gained in strength. You come from another world. And this is a thing unheard of.”
The other [Witches] nodded. Yderigrisel inclined his mighty head. Erin stood with Abel and a girl named Cadence. The others had been…lost…when they died.
Each one was from Earth. Each one had told their stories to the ghosts. And they were different and alike. Erin had lived longest; Abel had died within the hour he had come to this world. Cadence? She had gone to a town and done well, telling people she was from elsewhere. They hadn’t believed her, but she had been trying to find others like her when she fell ill.
Just…ill. A sickness that hit her hard because she had no immunity to the diseases. Made worse by a healing potion administered before they realized it was disease.
She had died in a bed. For all Erin had done much more than the other two…here it ended.
A magic door? Making friends with the Antinium? None of it mattered here. The dead could not touch the living. And the Putrid One had set the world of his time to quaking with legions of undead. Yderigrisel had fought Crelers when they first emerged from Rhir in a swarm to end all things.
What mattered was that they were from Earth and could believe in gods. What mattered was…
“She is alive. Let her and the [Necromancer] flee this place and attract the attention of the hungry strangers. We should join other strongholds. What business have we with her?”
A [Legendary Mercenary] pointed at Erin and the Putrid One. He was rebuffed almost at once by two sources. The first was Yderigrisel. The Dragon’s head lowered and he stared at the Dwarf.
“I have given my oath to protect both Erin Solstice and fight with the [Necromancer]. I will not be forsworn in death when I honored every vow in life.”
The first [Lord] of House Byres spoke, silvery mustache moving in the invisible breeze of his memory.
“This is our home, likewise. If House Byres is to end, let it be here.”
The others nodded solemnly, even eagerly.
A glorious battle against the predators of dead souls in the afterlife. How noble. How pointless. Erin saw it on the face of Sserys and Califor. It was the [Witch] who replied, nodding to the assembled ghosts.
“If that is your will, House of Byres, Yderigrisel, do what you wish. But that is not why I agreed to help Maviola El when she beseeched us. I care nothing for honor or glory. We are dead and I would rather flee than face whatever end those six have.”
She was met with scowls among the honorable ghosts. A smile from the Putrid One. Sserys shrugged, seemingly at home with the statement. Califor went on, and now she looked at the [Innkeeper].
“I did not rescue you out of pity, Erin. I aided Maviola to fight the three-in-one for your soul because you live. Because there is a chance, however slim, that you may return to your body. And if so…you must remember this. You must tell them on waking what you learned here. And you must carry my wish among the living.”
She advanced. Erin looked at her.
“Your wish?”
Another of the coven of [Witches] frowned at Califor.
“There have been those who die and come here. Even our sisters who walked the land of the dead in the heights of magic, Califor. They wake as dreamers, with faint recollections.”
Califor rounded on the other ghosts of [Witches].
