8.11 E (Revised)
Page 5
At first, it had seemed like a rash of kidnappings. Accusations had been thrown about, and all the old conspiracies trotted out. World leaders had been slow to comment. At first, that had caused outrage. Then, full-blown distrust in governments.
All because people had noticed—seen with their very eyes—the young people vanish into thin air. It had been recorded on security cameras, reported by families begging for news of their children. They caused a fuss, but there was no tangible proof, just missing kids for any number of reasons.
Then people had begun seeing the actual clips. Security footage at first, which leaked from governments suppressing the videos for ‘reasons of national safety’. And then more.
Actual, sharp, clear images of someone just disappearing at a convention, when those were still a thing. A recording of a birthday where a girl turning nineteen vanished in front of her horrified friends.
A group of people vanishing in an airport, caught on the cameras and reported by people who had been standing right next to them.
Conspiracy became full-blown panic. This wasn’t just some single event. This—this was aliens! Government organizations! The end of the world!
The breaking point was the disappearance of an airplane. Or rather, the inexplicable downing of Flight 241 in the skies right as it was leaving the airport in Portugal.
Investigators never found significant portions of the plane—nor could anyone explain what had happened in that moment caught on distant cameras.
Riots and demonstrations. Mass-protests at numerous capitals and a lot of blame from country to country. Then the pandemic occurred, and few people believed that was coincidental.
In short, it was like the end of the world. But something had happened while it was all becoming a fever’s pitch. Something wonderful that did not end the conspiracies or unrest, but which changed everything.
The lost generation. The missing children.
They came back.
 
—-
 
Erin finished reading the article. She sat in her chair, rocking backwards and catching her feet on the edge of the computer’s table. She promptly overbalanced and crashed onto her back.
“Ow.”
“Are you alright, Erin?”
“Fine!”
Erin got up, grumbling, and righted her chair. The article was done, but the story wasn’t.
The Spirited Generation came back. Not all of them. Nor in any logical order. People like Erin, who were in the ‘first wave’ of disappearances, came back after someone had vanished not a week ago.
Many were still missing, and the lists kept being updated with people who had just run off or suffered some other event. Still, lots of names, the ‘confirmed missing’, were still up there. Erin checked the confirmed list, and stared at the names. You needed some kind of visual proof to be on the list, so it was short.
 
Daly Sullivan
Kenjiro Murata
Erik Muller
Kent Scott
 
Followed by nearly a hundred confirmed names, some with addendums specifying that they’d been found! Returned!
Of course, that was just the primary list. There were plenty of others who weren’t confirmed, and reported missing with no good explanation.
And people wanted to know what the heck had happened. The first person to return had no memory of the nearly two-year gap. No knowledge of…anything.
They tried hypnosis, drugs, to no avail; that period of time was simply erased. Which of course lent credence to the aliens theory.
