8.11 E (Revised)
Page 33
And the last? The last knew Erin, but she did not know it.
It was not man or woman or even…person. It was like a shadow that moved. Something half-remembered in the darkness.
A lost thing, creeping across the ground. Reaching for her.
“Three.”
Someone spoke. Sserys. The ghosts, all of them in the sanctuary, millions, stood transfixed as three walked upon them. Despair was written even in Yderigrisel’s expression. But still, he flew down and blocked their path.
“This is not your place, creatures. Strangers. You are not of the dead and you devour noble souls. Cease. Begone, or my wrath will fall upon you.”
The three stopped. The first who walked forwards was Kasigna. She smiled up at the Dragon.
“I am Kasigna, little Dragon. And this is my place. Therefore, kneel.”
She pointed. And Yderigrisel knelt. Erin heard a sigh. And the ghosts around her knelt. Kasigna looked past Yderigrisel. At the young woman, who did not kneel at her words.
“Erin Solstice. Know me and worship me. I am Kasigna of the End. I am your god. I am salvation in death. This place is mine. Come. Touch me, and I will remake this broken place into a fitting place for all of you.”
She spread her arms wide, and Erin felt the tugging. As if she stared into a chasm and something told her to jump.
“We have business with you as well. You stand on the land I would claim for the living. Take my hand, Erin Solstice. And I will show you glory.”
Tamaroth extended his hand. She stared at him, remembered his visit on the Winter Solstice.
The last—the thing—said nothing at all. It simply reached out and offered nothing. It was here because Erin had lost something.
Your body. Come, give it to me. 
The ghosts were still, quaking before Kasigna’s power. Erin shook her head. She looked around for Califor, but the [Witch] was paralyzed. Erin shook her head, burying her head in her hands.
“I want to live. I don’t want this. It’s too much. Too heavy. I just want to live and for things to be happy. Please?”
They laughed at her. Even the thing that had no real face or mouth. Tamaroth smiled.
“Young woman, did you expect the afterlife to be kind? And if you did, by what right? What reason? Without us, there is nothing. This is why we are here. It is a mercy. Now, choose. Or we choose for you.”
He strode across the ground. Somehow, Erin was closer than any of the ghosts—pulled towards the three. Yderigrisel tried to move as the three reached for Erin. Fighting each other, pushing each other aside to touch her. The [Innkeeper] was curled up, head buried in her knees. Tamaroth reached down—
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
Erin jumped up and swung. All three strangers recoiled. She missed. Tamaroth stared at the fist which had just missed his face. He was so surprised he missed touching her arm.
“You would strike us?”
“If I’m going to vanish? Sure. Come on! I’ll smack you! Bring it!”
Erin hopped backwards, jabbing the air like an amateur boxer. Kasigna, the thing, and Tamaroth looked at each other.
Then they laughed. They laughed so hard that they doubled over. Laughed at Erin. The young woman slowly lowered her fists.
“That’s what you want? Well, then, strike us!”
All three seemed to say it at once. They advanced on her, smiling. Erin backed up. Kasigna turned as they passed Yderigrisel.
“Ah, what a wonderful little place. How they make things, even in my ruined lands. Come, little one. All of you.”
She reached for the silver Dragon as he knelt, immobile. Tamaroth turned as Erin ran backwards from the lost thing still reaching towards her.
“And this one is mine.”
