8.11 E (Revised)
Page 17
Califor grabbed Erin’s arm. There was no sensation. Erin began walking.
“So this is the land of the dead.”
“Yes.”
“Why does it exist?”
“Because souls need somewhere to go. Presumably, it was made.”
“By who?”
The woman was tall, and peered down her spectacles and nose at Erin. Califor looked like a teacher, if a teacher could be a [Witch]. Stern did not begin to describe her. Her clothing was black, but not plain; it simply had a style that you had to appreciate as your eyes picked out details among the traditional [Witch]’s garb. Her spectacles were thin, and she was tall, authoritative.
Her voice had a snap to it that did not brook with excuses or delay. She adjusted her hat now, with a brisk tug of the brim.
“Ask your pursuer. She has too much power, here. The guardian chased her off, but she will return. Yet she was not here in such strength even when I died. And before that? They were just shadows like those.”
She pointed into the distance. Erin looked over her shoulder.
“They?”
“Six of them. They gained strength recently. Now we are all in danger. That we even managed to free you was a wonder and it took the sacrifice of two to do it.”
Zel and Maviola. Gone? The Drake turned, abruptly.
“For you, he challenged one of them. I cannot believe it. Even if you are alive, it wasn’t worth it. He had to fight. If he stayed longer he would have realized there is no fighting. Not them. All you can do is keep them back and we are not Dragons. All our levels and strength is like dust compared to history. How Drakes have fallen.”
His tone was bitter. Erin looked at him.
“You’re Sserys.”
He glowered.
“Yes.”
“As in…the General Sserys of Liscor?”
“Yes.”
She blinked at him a few times. The Drake was shorter than Zel. Taller than her, but that wasn’t exactly hard. He was missing a neck-spine three down from the top, and someone had lopped off his second finger on the right. His scales were an orange-red that turned to green of all things near the very edges of his scales.
Now she looked at him, the [General] of Izril who had once been called Spear of the Drakes was striking in how different he and Zel looked. The Tidebreaker of Izril had embodied his nickname; he had been larger even than Relc, so sturdy that it seemed nothing could bowl him over, or knock him down. A Drake who fought with his bare claws.
By contrast, Sserys was slimmer. Slimmer, but definitely a warrior.  A leader, the kind who might bellow orders from the center of an army, not the front. He stood and spoke with an oversized presence, such that no one would talk over him. She supposed he might be regal by Drake standards, or impressive.
He wore gilded armor, emblazoned metal that looked like mithril cut with some other metal to give it an evanescent pale green-silver look. On it, Erin realized with a shock, someone had etched the insignia of a city.
Liscor’s heraldry, and below it, the sigils of all six Walled Cities. Yet Liscor’s emblem, the city-on-the-waters, representing the Floodplains and spring rains, rose above them all. Next to it, Sserys had a shortsword, but it seemed to Erin that the true weapon was the spear attached to his back, angled to avoid tangling with the ground or his tail, also plated in the same armor.
Sserys’ eyes were blue and pink, like his scales, the blue shot with the faintest transition to pink around the edges. Right now, the eyes were hard, concealing a wound. Pain.
He looked at Erin with anger and loss. The [Innkeeper] opened and closed her mouth a few times, unsure of what to say. So the silliest thing popped out of her mouth.
