8.11 E (Revised)
Page 37
“It was—it was a good cup of water. Not the best, and it had a bit of dirt in it, but I really liked it and I didn’t tell Belgrade—”
She babbled and the cup was in her hands. She looked at it. Abel stared. She handed him the cup. He raised it to his lips and drank.
“It tastes a bit of dirt. It’s…water.”
He would have cried if he could. The ghosts almost stopped, but the three following made them turn and flee. Erin saw Califor looking at her.
“Memory. Memory is yours to command! If that is so—”
She looked over her shoulder. Erin’s eyes narrowed.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
Califor seized her arm as they turned.
“Don’t think. Remember!”
The [Innkeeper] obeyed. Memory. She would have loved to conjure something really nasty, but she’d never fired or held a gun. In fact, the number of weapons she had held were…
Acid jars, Pelt’s knife, Lyonette’s sword one time—Califor reached out as some of the martial ghosts halted, sensing what was happening.
“A weapon! Any weapon!”
Erin thought of a weapon to use against them. Nothing up-close. Something…
She recalled her first friends. Her eyes opened wide.
She had held it just once. She looked down and Relc’s spear rose in her grasp. Solid, dangerous.
The three slowed uncertainly as they saw the solid weapon appear. Erin looked around.
“I don’t know how to throw it! Anyone?”
“Give it to me!”
A Gnoll [War Chieftain] howled. She hefted the spear and the ghosts around her howled or shouted as she took aim. The three slowed. The lost thing, Tamaroth, Kasigna—the spear wavered between them. Then the Gnoll threw.
The spear flashed through the air, even without the aid of Skills. Straight at—
It struck Tamaroth in the chest. Erin shouted and saw the dead god…
Standing there. Tamaroth smiled.
The spear was gone. It hadn’t even seemed to hurt him. No. On the contrary. Califor looked at Erin, and the cheering stopped.
Erin stared at Tamaroth. He’d just eaten—absorbed—Relc’s…Relc’s…
Relc’s what? Erin put her hands to her head.
Relc had a weapon? No, that wasn’t right. He always went around with his bare claws…wait, that didn’t seem right either. How did he use his [Triple Thrust] attack? What…
“You’ve forgotten.”
“What did I forget?”
The Gnoll [Chieftain] was staring uneasily.  The dead gods were laughing. She looked at Erin.
“The spear.”
“I forgot that?”
Erin felt a terrible fear in her chest. She looked at them.
“Was that an artifact?”
“I don’t know! I—will anything work on them?”
A weapon? Some glorious…but what would work on them? Erin stared at the dead gods.
“…Flowers?”
The faerie flowers? The three were watching, amused. They heard her voice.
“The flowers of the fae?”
Kasigna exclaimed. Tamaroth laughed. Even the lost thing appeared amused. They called at her, their voices twining, amused.
“Yes! Yes, Erin Solstice! Yes, child! Fight us with flowers!”
Erin looked at the laughing strangers and then at Califor. She whispered to the [Witch].
“They’re sounding pretty happy about that idea. Let’s not do that.”
Califor gave her a look. She tugged her hat up and snapped.
“Run!”
 
—-
 
They were in the middle of the sea, with nothing around them but the waves when the first hands reached up and tried to drag them into the water. The green-blue waters turning to abyssal colors parted as something emerged from the fathomless deep.
Erin screamed, and ghosts were dragged under. Not to suffocate, struggling with whatever held them. What was it?
Drowned Folk. They clutched at Califor’s dress, at Erin’s leg. One grabbed Abel.
“What are you doing?”
