8.11 E (Revised)
Page 46
The ghosts watched, unable to fight. A Giant stood there, ready to block the advance of the dead gods if they were victorious. If Khelt fell…
Erin stood with Gerial. With Califor and Abel. And she realized something.
If someone told her the gods were bastards, she would get behind that statement. More than that, though, Erin decided the gods were petty.
They refused to let anyone snub them. They were petty. They fought with each other even as they threatened to overwhelm Khelt’s rulers. They were so much like people.
They would break Khelt’s strength. Erin saw it. The rulers struggled, moving up to the wall of sand and bracing it as if that would help. The thinning veil of sand saw the six, greedily pressing inwards.
Two more had joined the four. One was a fierce huntress, armed with a bow, pointing at Erin. The other? A dancing, charming man, who spoke of friendship.
“You should have taken my gift. But you are not any one of ours. We didn’t know what to make of you.”
He smiled. Erin shook a fist.
“I gave you food! You gave me a stupid coin! Who gave me the noose? That was a stupid gift! You tricked me! Get lost!”
They laughed. This was all a game to them, Erin realized. She looked at the dignified rulers of Khelt, Gerial.
“If they go through, you should run. I’m already dead. Calruz and Ceria would beat me black and blue if I let you get hurt before me.”
Gerial smiled, trying to be gallant. Erin wanted to cry again.
“I’d rather hit them first. I’m so tired of this. If only…all I have are my memories. Maybe fire?”
She tried to conjure it. A ball of glorious fire. Tamaroth smiled, the pink glow reflecting in his eyes. Erin looked at him and tossed it aside.
Not glory. Not despair. And she had no mercy for them. Fire? She saw how greedily they pressed their hands to the sand. They wanted fire. They wanted life.
If only there was something stronger. Erin closed her eyes.
Hatred. She had that. But would they eat that?
“There has to be a weapon that can harm them. Although if they are what we fear, what weapon can harm them that we could forge? Ponder that, child. Bring weapons from your world. Now, move back. We are failing.”
The great smith-king grunted. Erin looked at him. He gravely nodded as the sand began to fall away. Erin backed up as Gerial pulled her back.
What weapon indeed? She closed her eyes. She felt like…
Flowers were useless against them. Because they were flowers. She kept thinking of them. Because they were flowers from them.
The fae.
The Winter Sprites. And they were not of this world. Erin could remember holding a knife on Earth. She doubted that would work. If only she had something more—
Her eyes opened. They flickered towards the six. Slowly, they narrowed.
Tamaroth was watching her, pressing forwards, wanting to be first. He watched as Erin slowly backed up.
“‘Scuse me. ‘Scuse me. I know everyone’s getting ready to run, but—excuse me. Can I get a word?”
She poked the Giant of Chandrar, first of the Nomads of the Sky, in the leg. Then she had to fly up because he was so vast, even compared to Zamea, that he didn’t notice. He knelt.
“DO YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO BRING THESE FOES PAIN?”
His voice was so loud even whispering, everyone heard it. The six snorted. The rulers of Khelt glanced over their shoulder. Erin whispered in his huge ear. Okay, she shouted, but her voice wasn’t audible to the others, only him.
The Giant started grinning. He looked at her.
“THAT, I CAN DO.”
He opened his hand. Erin floated onto it and landed. Gerial stared up. She smiled down at him.
“Erin? What are you doing?”
