8.11 E (Revised)
Page 26
Even so, she might have feared him. Once, perhaps, she would have looked upon the half-rotted flesh, the decay seeping along one arm and recoiled.
But she looked at his robes. She stood as the [Necromancer] nodded to her. And she realized he was a half-Elf, not Human. One ear on his left side had been torn away.
His features were somber. She stared at his face, at his body, clothed in once-regal robes torn by some battle. They were real. Real as she was.
This was no ghost. Still, he was here. The half-Elf [Necromancer] regarded her.
“Why have you come here, half-ghost girl? Has the silver Dragon taken to exiling souls from his precious sanctuary? It seems petty of him. We are all too soon to disappear when the six find us. And I offer no protection of my own.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t realize I—I must have run out of his place. I…I’m Erin. I’m sorry if I bothered you. If you’ll just point the way back, I’ll go.”
The ghost’s eyebrows raised. The half-Elf blinked at her.
“How odd. Don’t you fear me? Or don’t you recognize my nature?”
He gestured at his rotten arm. She hesitated.
“Um. [Necromancer]?”
A single nod. Erin hesitated.
“I know it sounds like I’m making this up, but I actually do know a [Necromancer]. He’s not as uh, decayed as you, but he helped me a lot. Saved my life.”
“How strange.”
The half-Elf shook his head. He half-smiled.
“How strange. And you’re not dead yet. Was that his doing?”
“No. I don’t think so. I got hurt and…I was careless. I just died and I’m—trying to figure it out.”
Erin hung her head. The [Necromancer] nodded.
“Ah. You spoke to the ghosts of the Dragon’s sanctuary? They can be cruel without knowing it. They are dead. We are alive and can still regret and wish it were otherwise. I would not remain in their company, even had they welcomed me. Not that the Dragon and I speak to each other. Even in death, we do not care for each other’s company, he and I. If it were not for the threats of those shades, we would surely clash until one or the other fled.”
He grinned mirthlessly. Erin stared at him. The [Necromancer] seemed to relish the idea. Erin raised a hand.
“I’m sorry, but who are you? I didn’t think there were so many uh, big souls around here. I’m Erin. And you are…?”
This time the half-Elf really did look surprised. And then a bit offended.
“Have they forgotten me so soon? Does my appearance, the protection of this place not tell you who I am?”
He tilted his head, as if the ligaments and bones were not an impediment to moving the head at unnatural angles. Erin hesitated.
“Well, I’m not from here.”
“Even so. A master of death? Rot, putrefaction? If you know the legends of old, you would know the great [Necromancer] as…?”
He looked hopeful. Erin bit her lip.
“Uh—Az’kerash is the only one I’m thinking of. And someone just told me he was alive.”
The half-Elf sagged.
“So even my legacy is lost. Well. You stand before the Putrid One. At least, so they knew me. A legend of death I thought would never be eclipsed. Which was true until the next [Necromancer] appeared.”
He waved a hand. Erin bit her lip. Now he said it, she almost felt like she’d heard the name once before. Maybe Pisces had mentioned it. She had nothing.
“Sorry.”
“It is not your fault. So, then. The silver Dragon’s lands are that way. But if you would care to—tell me how you died, Erin. It has been too long since I have seen someone else trapped beyond death and life.”
He gestured, and a seat appeared. Erin stared at it, agog. There was just grass, but that was a seat! And not an echo of the world. The Putrid One looked at her.
