8.11 E (Revised)
Page 6
Nothing worked on any of the returning children. They couldn’t remember. Some of the young people burst into tears when pressed. Hypnosis, medication—nothing brought it back, but some of them claimed they could remember something…terrible.
Erin remembered nothing at all. Nothing…but some days she woke up like she had this morning.
Erin had been back for four months total. The first month had been in custody of the government. They had kept her under surveillance, asked her questions. She’d missed the initial spat of the first young people being kept in top-secret facilities as actual mobs threatened to storm the building unless they were released.
Even so, her appearance had meant more to her family than…Erin closed her eyes at that memory of seeing her parents rush in. She wished she could have told them why it had happened.
Now, she was trying to live again, twenty four years old, but looking and feeling as if she were still just twenty. It was her choice, and her family’s to avoid attention.
She could have been on television. Or at least been interviewed; it wasn’t as if she was the first one back, so the huge demand for her hadn’t been as strong. Erin could have been on any number of podcasts or shows. The offers still kept coming in.
Hence, Shauna and Greg’s insistence that Erin try to reclaim her life by doing normal things. Which included going out of the house and working, apparently.
Erin would have loved to claim the pandemic made it impossible, but one thing about being a member of the Spirited Generation was that you got all the shots and tests, including the newest vaccines. So, Erin’s parents had no qualms about sending her into the world. She still had to wear a mask.
As for her job? Why, the easy thing even someone like Erin could do!
“Shopping. I hate shopping.”
Glumly, she loaded the app up on her smartphone. She knew what she had to do. Go to the store, get groceries, deliver groceries, get paid. She was going to be one of those remote-shoppers and her mother had threatened-encouraged her that she’d be the first customer.
Erin almost wished she was playing chess live. There was money there! It was one of the things that had happened while she’d been gone. She was too shy to do that…maybe a day of shopping for other people would change her mind.
“Erin, are you going to start? Your father’s not back yet.”
“I’ll just walk to the store. I can do the neighborhood, right?”
“I don’t think that’s how it works, dear. Tell you what—take my car. I’ll steal your father’s.”
Erin sighed. Her mother’s car had terrible acceleration on the highway.
“Fine.”
She stomped towards the door, thinking she’d do an hour of work and then call it good to placate her mother, and hide in her room all day. A voice stopped her as she went for the door.
“Don’t forget to take a coat. It’s raining.”
“What? Aw.”
It had begun raining in the time since Erin had gone back upstairs. A drizzle, nothing too hard. Miserable. Snow became slush and Erin hated driving in slush. Glumly, she looked up.
“Is it going to get bad?”
Her mother typed on the laptop.
“Let me check…no. Take a coat anyways.”
Erin didn’t want a raincoat. She looked around.
“I’ll just take—”
She reached for an object in a stand and halted. There was no reason for it. Suddenly, all thoughts left her head. She stared at the thin, long, dark blue object.
It wasn’t anything special. It was just…
An umbrella.
Erin reached for it, and then snatched her hand back. She stared at it. Why didn’t she want to pick it up?
