8.11 E (Revised)
Page 11
“Olivia. This is a dream. You’re fake. That’s real.”
She pointed at the latest song she’d stopped on her computer. The Agent folded her arms.
“Very funny, Erin. If this is one of your plans to break out again—please don’t.”
Erin ignored that. She’d broken out of the top-secret, guarded facility and nearly gotten shot once because she’d been cooped up. That’s when they’d started flying in expert chess players and giving her laptops and entertainment to keep her from going crazy, despite the ‘security risk’.
She looked around.
“Fake. Fake walls—not fake news. Fake news is a real thing. Well, some of the news is real, not fake. The…uh, expression is true. You’re fake, not really here. Or I’m dreaming. But the Spirited Generation is really a thing back home. This—”
“I think I’d better call for one of the doctors. Erin…”
“No. No. I know this isn’t—”
Erin went for the doors. Olivia grabbed at her. Erin raised a fist.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
She swung. Olivia caught the arm and restrained her, gently. Erin struggled, but the woman was trained and had a lot of pounds on Erin. She kept struggling, even as Olivia shouted for a doctor.
“No! I know this isn’t real! I know it! I—”
 
—-
 
“—was so happy.”
Erin stopped, with tears on her cheeks and her hand on the bathroom door. Erin looked around.
It had been only a second since she’d stepped into the bathroom. All her adventures, all her friends—was it all a dream? A hallucination caused by night time peeing?
No it was not! It took Erin only one day to figure it out this time. She stood on the roof as her mother and father shouted at her and some people stared at her from the street. Erin didn’t care. She screamed up at the sky.
“I will never forget. And this place feels fake! No matter how hard you try, you can’t fool m—”
 
—-
 
She was an amnesiac again, only this time found by the government. It took Erin three months. But again—she shouted up at the doctor as he tried to figure out why she was denying reality.
“I remember! I know this isn’t reality! Is it me? No—what are you? Who are you?”
She pointed up at the face, and kicked an orderly in the chest.
 
—-
 
Woke up.
Sometimes it took months. Other times, a day. An hour.
Eighteen minutes.
Erin Solstice woke. She ate breakfast, and talked, and smiled. Then, at some point in time during her day, during the week, while shopping or browsing the internet or—she frowned and—
The [Innkeeper] pushed herself back from her desk again and looked up. Shauna Solstice hovered there, frowning.
“I know this isn’t Earth.”
One and a half days. Erin looked around.
“I know this sounds crazy, Mom. But listen…I think this is a dream and—”
“How?”
The voice stopped Erin. Because it was the first voice she had heard in this place that was real except her own. She stopped. She looked back and there…she was.
Shauna Solstice looked like she always had. She had given Erin her hazel eyes, some of her features, although her hair was lighter than her daughter’s. She looked like the same woman Erin had always known.
And at the same time, not. Her eyes moved. She turned, and someone else stared through her eyes.
Like someone wearing a puppet. A perfect mask. Erin stopped. She shuddered. Her mother’s face fell away. Not in any physical way, but changing.
A woman stood there. The same age…but she had Erin’s face.
Erin, a replica of herself, stared at the flinching young woman.
Erin, as if Erin was fifty. The [Innkeeper] recoiled.
Erin so old her hair was white and wispy. At the end of her life.
