8.11 E (Revised)
Page 9
The [Innkeeper] ran. Down the hallway, feeling each step elongate in time. The bathroom door. No, just the door to the other world.
I have to go back. I have something left to do. She grabbed the handle and threw it open. Erin Solstice stepped into—
 
—-
 
She woke up.
Erin jerked upright. She was lying on the ground. Blood soaked her clothing. She tried to pull out the crossbow bolts in her chest, but saw empty, torn holes in the fabric instead.
Whole skin. No gaping wounds, just bloodstains.
She looked up and saw a man in a hazmat suit recoil.
“Subject’s awake!”
Then Erin saw the spotlights. The crowd of people in hazmat suits, and beyond them, two lines of soldiers. She stared around. She was in…a mall? Yes, lying on pale white tiles, shops open around her, glowing with light in the early morning.
But someone had cordoned off the mall, erecting barricades, the warning tape that crisscrossed entire sections, and then gone fully military and set up actual concrete roadblocks to keep the press of people back. There were spotlights, two trained on Erin’s position, the rest glaring into the crowd, almost as if to blind the onlookers.
The onlookers? Hundreds, thousands of people were pressing against the barricades, pointing at Erin. The flash of cameras was blinding—or would have been if many had a clear shot. But they couldn’t even get within three hundred feet of Erin and the people clustered around her because of the soldiers.
Soldiers, wearing body armor and holding the kind of firearms that made you stop. There was shouting in the air.
“Let us through! Is it one of them? One of the Spirited Generation—”
“News! We have a right to—don’t touch—”
“Back up! Back up—”
The man in the suit was trying to say something, but someone on a megaphone was shouting orders. The military was forcing the crowd back as Erin sat up. Meanwhile, everyone within the circle of armed forces wore the bright hazmat suits that made Erin feel like she really should have had one herself. Then she realized—they were wearing them because of her.
A gloved hand thrust out gently as she tried to get her legs to work.
“Don’t move. Can you hear me?”
The voice was accented. Erin looked up. She saw a visor, and behind it, a man’s face, concerned, but staring at her like she was a ghost.
“Who are you? Where’s Numbtongue? I was…”
She had just been shot. By crossbows. She was struggling to remember. The figure looked around as a woman practically sprinted over.
“Is she safe to move?”
“I’m checking her vitals. Stand back. Miss? Miss, can you tell me your name?”
She looked up at the worried medical personnel as the commanding officer and a gaggle of secret security, or whatever they were, descended on her. Erin breathed.
“Erin Solstice?”
 
—-
 
The Spirited Generation. Erin sat nervously in front of the very serious government agent as he explained what that meant. It was not the dark room lit by the single desk-lamp, but a much brighter room with the antiseptic white walls and floor, marred only by the single door and window along the far wall.
The man wore no uniform; rather one of the suits with red ties and a single, round badge pinned to his left side. Unlike the bevy of military personnel, doctors, and other people who’d escorted her through the crowds shouting her name, he had the secret-service look of someone who was not going to tell you how important he was.
