8.11 E (Revised)
Page 40
The shore was a beach, but the sand never ended. The waves lapped up onto the sand, and while vegetation grew here, it was arid, nothing like Izril’s lush grasslands. Only in a few places did Chandrar ever bloom, and then when it rained.
But Erin could see far beyond this coastline. Across the desert, where the vastness of the continent meant that even rains born from the sea would never reach that far inland.
A dead, gigantic desert. Zeikhal, the largest desert in the world where nothing could live. Mountains, perhaps created in ancient times, existing when water had flowed here, had been worn away to dunes the size of mountains instead.
And yet, Chandrar was not all dead earth. Imperium of old had been built here, and still remained, civilizations which rose out of the bleak landscape, shining with hope, to fall—but never be fully destroyed.
What the sands took, people reclaimed. A majestic land, harsh, but as glorious as Izril, Terandria, or Baleros lay before Erin Solstice as she stopped a second. The second continent she had ever laid eyes on.
Perhaps the last she would ever see. She looked back as the end came.
The four were hot on their heels. Once more, they reached out, fighting each other to grab Erin. Jostling.
And for the first time since Erin had woken in the land of the dead, she saw them hit something.
The four ran into a wall of sand. It rose as they tried to walk onto the sands of the desert continent of Chandrar. They recoiled, much as Erin had, and tried to push against the wall.
It began to give, sand yielding before their touches. Then it reformed. Held firm. The four looked at each other, shocked as Erin was.
“What is this? Stand aside! Kneel.”
Kasigna spoke and the ghosts around Erin were once again forced down. But a reply came from just ahead.
“No. We are masters of our deaths. And even in death, even beyond it, we have our duty. Begone you ravenous filth.”
A line of men and women blocked the four. They had been standing here, like statues, waiting for the flood of ghosts, knowing they were coming, and knowing what followed them. They held the wall of sand, shifting it to block the four strangers.
There were eighteen of them. Just eighteen. There had been more Treants. Far more great [Pirate Kings] and [Captains] of the sea.
The eighteen men and women did not move. Erin stared. They were Human—sixteen of them.
Two of the eighteen were different. Half-Giant. Garuda. Each one was garbed in grand clothing. Crowns. Some identical.
A people lay beyond the line in the sand. The borders of the great desert continent, Chandrar. No—all peoples. Califor struggled upright as somehow, the eighteen threw off Kasigna’s command.
“This—this sanctuary holds? There are so many ghosts! And look, even species of old! Jinn.”
She pointed. Ahead, Erin saw a vast gathering. If Yderigrisel’s sanctuary had been home to millions, despite the small amount of land he held in the House of Byres, this was a gathering without limit.
It was all of Chandrar. Erin saw countless Drakes, Humans, Garuda—and yes, species long dead to this world.
Jinn, floating alongside their family. Djinni, taking any number of forms they had possessed in life.
Watching the confrontation at their shores.
Not even the mighty Djinni—nor the watching Giants moved to help the eighteen at the beach struggling against the four. Every species in this world save one was here. There were no Dragons, Erin realized. She looked back; the wall of sand held! The eighteen were clearly straining, but it was a contest and the four were getting frustrated.
