8.11 E (Revised)
Page 39
But the watching ghosts and Erin and Califor still heard laughter.
“Well said!”
The voice came from below her. Erin looked down. She saw a face grinning at her in the depths of the ocean.
Then—the woman exploded out of the sea. She knocked the other ghosts holding Erin away. More ghosts followed, freeing the trapped ghosts, grappling with their kin.
More Drowned Folk? Her voice had some of Seborn’s cadence, but the woman looked different from the other Drowned Folk.
She had a really cool hat. The [Pirate Queen] swept Erin a bow.
“So you’re the ghost that one chases! Well, if I had a ship I’d give these bastards a real battle! But we were without ships and at a loss. Good thing we found something better. To arms, sea folk!”
More ghosts burst out of the surf. The four dead gods looked amused. Right up until the waters moved and something glowed in the abyssal depths. Erin looked down and realized there were more ghosts than she had ever dreamed of.
Branches broke the surface of the dark waters. Glowing, spectral, half-colored like everything here. The memory of a body not made of flesh or scale…
The first of them stood taller now as the [Pirates] and [Sailors] ambushed the gods. Many ghosts ‘flew’ through the water and into the air. More still rode the replacement for their lost ships.
Still beautiful. The being the ghosts rode stepped higher still, the tips of its body breaking out of the water. Even the four strangers looked up.
Erin saw vast, ancient limbs. Wood so old it had turned to stone—then something else entirely. What had once been a vast tree, but had changed over the eons underwater. Colorful aquatic plant life, sprouting from the trunken limbs, the branches and bark, replacing foliage with a different rainbow of colors. Life which became death and life again. It looked like…
Coral?
A Treant rose out of the ocean, turning to face the four. Even the oldest of trees died. Tamaroth sighed, almost happily.
“Ah. [Pirates]. Always unexpected.”
The ghosts of the sea were laughing, clinging to the Treants as more of the ancient giants surfaced. The [Pirate Queen] drew a sword.
“Alright, you know how to do it. No touching them. Keep these traitorous cowards off them! Go!”
She swarmed towards the gods with the other ghosts, pressing in and blocking them. Throwing themselves like the surf at the four. The four looked more annoyed than anything.
“You can’t win! It’s impossible!”
Erin protested. She saw the other woman turn, urging her and Califor on.
“Run, living girl! Run for sanctuary! Let us test them first! Don’t you have something you have left to do? One of us has a second chance.”
Because she did, and because that was true, Erin ran. She shouted back at the ghosts. Thanking them. They cheered her on, spitting in the eyes of the dead gods.
Literally. It wasn’t just about her. It was about them. To frustrate them, delay them another second. These cheating, disgusting things eating everything without weakness or fairness in the world. Unstoppable.
Gods.
 
—-
 
The end of Erin’s journey came as the sea ended. Behind her, the last of the brave [Pirates] were in flight. Even the Treants.
Four followed. Perhaps they could have stopped the other three.
Not Kasigna. Erin had seen a Treant refuse to vanish, grappling with the lost thing. But the three-in-one they could not stop.
They knelt to her power. All the ghosts fled. Izril’s refugees. The sea’s people.
And they came at last to the other continent. Erin stumbled onto the dry sands and looked beyond. She realized where she was. Of all the continents—
Chandrar.
