8.11 E (Revised)
Page 3
“When your father gets back, you can use the car, Erin.”
“For what?”
Shauna glanced up and gave Erin a look over her glasses.
“For your job?”
Memory flooded Erin’s head again. Her face fell and the food turned to bleh in her mouth.
“Aw, Mom—do I have to?”
“You’ve gotten your shot, and it’s been three months. Some time out of the house might do you good.”
“I’d rather play chess.”
Erin folded her arms and slouched. Her mother sighed. Shauna’s daughter was an odd mix of lazy and hard working. She would play chess, study it obsessively for ‘fun’, and watch videos of chess games all day and night.
But try to get her to do a simple part-time job and Erin was as stubborn as her parents. Shauna pointedly looked at the food the chess-squatter had scarfed down.
“Well, unless you have another big chess match online, your father and I think you should get some work experience.”
As in, any. Erin wanted to object that she had tons of…but she didn’t, not unless you counted summer jobs. Right?
Shauna saw her daughter frown. The mother adjusted the sewing machine, cursing as she realized she’d begun going off-target in the neat line while arguing with her daughter. She began to undo her error as she spoke.
“Has that grandmaster messaged you again, Erin? Are you going to have a rematch?”
Erin rolled her eyes. If she could have slumped further in her chair without sliding under the table, she would have.
“No, Mom. We’re not having another match. I’m not playing grandmasters left and right. It was only three games, casually.”
“Three games against a grandmaster chess player.”
It was awful, having parents be proud of you for things you were not, in fact, proud of yourself. Erin rested her chin on the table.
“I lost the last one, anyways.”
It was Shauna’s turn to want to roll her eyes. Of course, she’d been telling all of her friends about it.
“Two draws and one loss is extraordinary. And it was all live. If you wanted to be one of those stream chess players…”
She gestured and Erin saw that a laptop was sitting on a stool, facing away from her. Her mother was watching something while working. Sometimes the news—but she’d been watching those newfangled live streams ever since her daughter had played one of the best chess players in three games.
“There was even an article about you. That’s not nothing, Erin.”
Shauna pulled up the small article that she kept showing people as if it were a major headline being broadcast in every living room in the world. Erin glumly finished her breakfast. She reached for a little accompaniment to the food. But her hand recoiled as she saw the blue—
…No, it wasn’t blue. It was an avocado. Erin stared at the ripe fruit. Slowly, she picked it up.
“I thought you hated avocado by itself, Erin.”
“What? Oh. Yeah.”
This was true. Erin put the avocado back slowly. Nevertheless, she stared at it for a long while. Then she pushed back from the table and turned to her mother.
“Well, I’m not playing a big match today. But do I have to work?”
“You’re too old to just sit about, Erin.”
“Mom. I’m only twenty…”
The bad argument that she was ‘only’ twenty died in Erin’s mouth. Because of course, it was wrong. She was twenty four.
Erin still felt twenty, taking a gap between high school and college, playing chess, and wavering because she was good at chess, but she didn’t think she wanted or could be a professional.
Four years had passed. Erin’s eyes slowly rose from her breakfast. She saw the calendar on the wall. Erin could have used her phone, the computer, anything. But the calendar, like a movie, was there to remind her.
