8.11 E (Revised)
Page 28
“This is not the time for conflict, Putrid One. Even in this place, I despise the slaughter and chaos you and your kind have wrought. Untold millions of deaths. You turned kingdoms to rotten abysses of despair and deserved far worse than death.”
Erin gulped. The half-Elf just smiled in reply. He caught her gaze.
“Did you think they called me that for nothing?”
He laughed, and suddenly his teeth were gone and something wriggled in his mouth. Erin backed up.
“I thought you were nice!”
The half-Elf closed his mouth, looking affronted.
“To one trapped as I am, yes. But I will not be lectured on how I lived. Not by a lizard who dreamed of being treated as a [Knight] and knelt to every kingdom and [Lord] he could find.”
He sneered at the silver Dragon. Yderigrisel’s eyes narrowed. He inhaled—and Erin floated up.
“Stop! Stop!”
She caught herself. She was flying! Or—just moving without her feet. The Dragon eyed her.
“I do not suffer insult. However…”
He looked towards the distance, then the Putrid One.
“I tell you this, [Necromancer], only because it concerns us both. The Five Families are broken in the north. Their sanctuary—gone.”
The Putrid One’s eyes flickered.
“Gone? Already? A ghost fleeing there told me all five houses stood together for the first time in death.”
“They did. And the six devourers walked upon them. Izril dwindles. I have no energy to spend on conflict with you. Make your peace, for even you will end. If you will it, let us both hold them off until the last.”
The Dragon pointed a wing back the way he’d flown. The Putrid One looked past him, at Erin. The young woman saw Califor’s grave face, and Sserys’ unease. She saw the half-Elf slowly nod.
“Very well. An end to it all will be a relief.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice had come to the land of the dead just in time to see it end. She realized that now. Even the afterlife was changing. One of the ghosts, a [Lord] wearing silver mail, spoke grimly.
“The sanctuary was at First Landing, where the Five Families of Izril first landed. One of the strongest sanctuaries. Every generation of all the noble houses stood there.”
The ghosts stood in conclave. The Putrid One stood by himself; Yderigrisel and the House of Byres glared at him, but even they held their arguments as he spoke.
“There are greater sanctuaries. The Five Families are new to Izril. There was a time long before them when Gnolls and Drakes ruled here. The Tribes still stand in death in the south.”
“Not much longer.”
Califor and the coven of dead [Witches] were not the greatest of their kind. Of their generation, perhaps. Some had gone far and wide. The toad-witch was called Uonp.
“I went to Baleros where many Dragons died. I have seen the [Kings] and [Queens] in Terandria still holding court. Many great souls exist, for all are here who once lived. Yet as I fled, I saw Dragons eaten. Consumed to nothingness.”
“How? I have held off two. And I am valorous and courageous even among my kind—”
Califor and the Putrid One rolled their eyes as Yderigrisel spoke. The Dragon went on, ignoring them.
“—I cannot imagine one of my kind save for the young would fall so easily. Even the bearded man I could hold off. If with the aid of House Byres’ strongest.”
He nodded to the dead [Knights] and nobility who bowed. Uonp shook her head.
“Strength of the soul? It means nothing to her. You burned her when she was off-guard, mighty Yderigrisel. I have witnessed her slowly unmaking each sanctuary. She will come here. If only for her.”
She pointed. And all eyes turned to Erin. Now, the young woman stood there and felt odd.
“Why me?”
