8.11 E (Revised)
Page 38
“He walks the depths. The wise one. The one with knowledge. He wants you. We live if he takes you. Stay. We want to live even here.”
They pleaded with her. Drowned Women, dead [Sailors], people…Califor shouted as the three advanced, consuming the fleeing ghosts now struggling against their kind.
“Traitors! They will consume us all in time!”
The Drowned Folk would not let go. Laughter came from the depths. And then—Erin saw, in the deep of the ocean, someone walking up towards her.
The wise man.
“Emerrhain.”
The three greeted him with distaste. Even rivalry, especially from Tamaroth. The wise man smiled.
“So this is the one you hunt. Shall we make a contest of it?”
He reached for Erin and the three fought like carrion crows. Erin ripped free of a hand trying to drag her under.
“You—you jerks! You all suck so much! I don’t care if you’re gods or dead gods or what! You are the worst deities I’ve ever met!”
She shouted at the four. All of them turned.
Affronted.
Kasigna stared at Erin.
“You have never met ones such as we, Erin Solstice. You have no way of comprehending what we are. You should worship us and be grateful for what we bring. You know of us. Your world craves us!”
Erin shook a fist at the four.
“Oh yeah? Oh yeah? Well—I may not have met the other ones directly, but I know they’re way cooler than you all are anyways! Pssh! Totally! You’ve been dead for like, forever, right? There was this guy who took only three days to come back from the dead. And he was the son of a god! Plus, he had a nicer beard!”
She pointed at Tamaroth. The man frowned at her. Erin hesitated.
“P-probably. I didn’t see it myself. But he has pictures! All you have is a stupid coin which gave Pelt a heart attack!”
Emerrhain and Kasigna laughed at that. They were not united, Erin was sure. Allies of convenience at best. She pointed at the others—the lost thing was just standing there, listening.
“You know what? You’re not even gods. You’re like—super cockroaches. That’s all.”
The laughter cut off. Now, all four were staring at her. Slowly, Emerrhain shook his head.
“How she shouts.”
“You have nothing to give us. Yet insolence we do not stand.”
Kasigna reached for her again. Erin ran backwards, but the sea-ghosts were rising. Tangling her. She struggled as Califor put herself between her and Kasigna and the four, trying to tear the hands away.
“You losers wouldn’t even try this if it was a fair fight! Cowards! I’ll spit on you! You all suck!”
They held her, and the other ghosts. The four stopped.
“Is that all you have to say? Would you really challenge us if you lived? Even knowing what we are? You, child? Alone?”
Emerrhain bent down. He was more interested than the others. His eyes alight with curiosity. Erin struggled, but the hands of countless ghosts held her. So she just nodded.
“I know what monsters look like.”
She stared at him. Emerrhain frowned. Erin went on, panting, straining—ready to spit or bite his hand. The words flooded out of her mouth without thought. Just what she believed.
“I—I know monsters. See, you can run, hide, and refuse to fight people. Animals too. And that’s alright. But monsters? Sometimes you have to fight monsters. Because monsters don’t stop. Someone has to, even if it means you get hurt. And that’s all I see. Four stupid monsters that smell like poo. That one can’t even beat me at chess.”
She pointed at Kasigna as best she could with the hands holding her in place. The other gods looked at the three-in-one. They didn’t look amused this time. Erin had struck a nerve.
