8.11 E (Revised)
Page 47
“Something possibly stupid! Get ready to run if it fails!”
She shouted down at him. The Silver-rank adventurer blinked. Then he whooped.
The ghosts looked up. Erin was concentrating. Memory. Califor’s head turned as the [Witches] prepared to flee to Baleros. She saw Erin conjuring something.
“A weapon won’t work.”
“Shh. Feed us your memories, child!”
The dancing man called up to Erin. She looked down at him and flipped him off. The six saw her raise something into the air. They were confident, pressing forwards. Erin slowly took a breath. The memory was so easy. Even after it had happened, she had never forgotten.
And she had feared it. Rightly so. Heck, she’d even tried to stop it. Now, she reached out.
“Erin, take a coat. It’s wet!”
Shauna Solstice stood in the hallway. Erin turned back. She looked to the side and slowly reached out.
She picked up the umbrella and opened it in the sky.
And then there was light.
Light, sunlight, shone from underneath the umbrella. It flooded down around Erin. Not just a memory—her breath caught.
Sunlight. The ghosts around her threw up their hands, crying out in shock. Gerial’s eyes widened as he stared up.
“How—?”
Tamaroth’s gift on the Winter Solstice. Erin had refused it, yet she had held it now. How had he phrased it? A gift for her soul.
“I offer an umbrella made from the sun’s light. To bring day into blackest night.”
And there were no weapons in this world that could have harmed them. But this was something they owned. And it was a memory.
She was dead, though. So who was going to stop her?
The sunlight burned down around the rulers of Khelt. They looked up—and the light burned away the sea of shadows. They fled across the ocean, screaming, wailing. And Erin realized they had voices.
The six were caught in the sunlight too. And it exposed them.
Kasigna, Tamaroth, Emerrhain, the other three—they threw up their hands and screamed. And Erin saw them once more.
Rotting forms, clinging to life. They howled at each other, at the light.
“The living world comes forth!”
“How does she hold it? You gave it to her!”
“She stole it from memory!”
The corpse of the bearded man screamed at the others. He pointed at Erin. Thief! Which reminded her of something else.
Thief! Erin’s eyes widened. She’d had a dream, once. And she’d thought that was a dream as much as the umbrella. But what if…
 
—-
 
“I could choose not to, even now. Will we be reborn into that far future?”
The three stood around the stone, talking. Of the future, not what could be.
Young, old, and adult. It was a similar story. But it had changed a bit. Now, the King of Knights looked to the stars and dreamed of a kingdom in the future.
The old King of Chivalry’s head was bowed.
“If we are doomed to make the same mistakes, what point is there? Think of that.”
The young Arthur Pendragon looked around. He hesitated.
“You two…”
“The girl, Ryoka, showed us a future that might be. One world. The hope of more—is it better to take the sword or not? I have taken the sword, but now I dream of—”
“Arthurs.”
They looked at the squire. The youngest Arthur pointed slowly.
“…Where’d the sword go?”
They stared at the empty stone.
 
—-
 
The sword shone in her grip. And now the six did scream.
“How does she hold that? Did they give it to her?”
“Impossible!”
Impossible. They wanted to say that in the land of the dead? Erin felt the sword dragging her down.
“It’s heavy!”
“EXTREMELY HEAVY!”
