8.11 E (Revised)
Page 20
The Dragon’s eyes narrowed, continuing the argument. He spoke, his vast voice echoing in the central point of the manor.
“Kneel.”
“No. I don’t wanna. Thanks for saving me.”
Erin stood on the carpet, facing him, arms folded. The Dragon huffed, spectral smoke appearing for a moment, drifting upwards, and then vanishing.
“You will not show me any respect for my efforts?”
“Sure I will. Thank you so much. I mean it. But I don’t want to kneel. I’ll shake your claw.”
Yderigrisel stared at her outstretched hand. He turned his head to one side, ignoring it.
“How mortals have forgotten their manners. Or perhaps just you. The [General] knelt, as did the [Lady] when I offered them my protection.”
Erin felt a pang in her heart. She touched it.
“That was them. You protected Maviola and Zel? They needed protection?”
“Yes. Until they decided to risk all for you. Thus, I—”
Erin bowed. Yderigrisel saw her bow low, as low as she could get without looking silly.
“Thank you.”
He gazed at her. Then the Dragon harrumphed, and it was a familiar sound and a loud one.
“I must watch the borders of my sanctuary. Witch Califor, General Sserys, educate this one. We will speak soon, Erin Solstice. We must.”
He took wing. Erin watched him go. An irked voice came from her left.
“What a curious Human. Zel told me you knew him before the Necromancer slew him.”
Erin turned.
“The…Necromancer?”
“Az’kerash. He lives. Remember that, if you should wake. Tell the Walled Cities. He must die. And so must those shades, if it can be done.”
Sserys sat on a fancy chair in House Byres’ manor. Yderigrisel had spoken to them there, crouching in the Byres home where they had once made it so he could enter and leave and talk with them at will.
More ghosts milled about the manor, and the landscape. In the sanctuary of the silver Dragon. They…didn’t do much.
They talked, or sat, as if content to pass away forever like that. Some argued, others asked newer ghosts what was happening, or they told stories.
There was no food to eat. No games to play. Children and adults sat there. Babies floated in the air or were held, not always by their parents. And if there was a vast number of them, beyond hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions or more—it was a small number, apparently, compared to all those who had died.
“The sanctuaries are decreasing. Even now, more fall. This is how it was. When anyone died, they came here. Young or small. Glorious and strong or weak. All but monsters. All peoples. Even Stitch-Folk in time. Except Goblins. And then—except Antinium.”
Erin stirred. She looked around and realized what she had not seen.
There were no Goblins here. Nor—Antinium. The people were mostly Human, but anyone who had ever died around here and found sanctuary. Dullahans, Drakes, Stitch-Folk…
“Why not?”
Califor spoke, regarding the countless ghosts.
“Perhaps they have somewhere else. Perhaps they aren’t welcome here.”
The Drake was older than Califor by far, but Califor seemed to have learned more. He took over.
“It was simple, Human. You died and if you were lucky, a strong soul kept away the shadows. You saw one of them—and more.”
“Kas—”
Califor covered her mouth. Erin stopped. The [Witch] looked at her.
“Do not say it. Names are power. And that one is power here. She wasn’t always.”
She looked at Sserys and the Drake nodded.
“No, she was not. There are six now with names and faces. They speak, they can barely be stopped. Yderigrisel can stop two at once; they tried to consume all the souls here. But that one…”
He shook his head. Erin tried to imagine it.
