8.11 E (Revised)
Page 27
“A memory. I sat here when I was just a boy.”
It was a beautiful little stool. Hand-carved, wooden, but decorated, as if someone had taken months, even a year of effort to create a stool for a child, with little patterns of birds and plants lovingly etched into it.
His memory. Erin hesitated, then sat. The Putrid One sat on a similar chair. She looked at him.
“I’ve been dead…I don’t know how long. Months? Weeks? Days? Recently, I think. Around the Summer Solstice.”
“Ah. What year?”
She hesitated.
“I have no idea.”
He tilted his head again.
“…Then how many years has it been since the life of [Archmage] Seenaw, the Garuda? The Archmage of Light? The Radiance of Sands?”
“Um…I don’t know. Never heard of them.”
The Putrid One pondered.
“If you do not know me, then perhaps…has a Dragon been slain in living memory?”
“Er…not that I know. Oh! The Creler Wars were like—six thousand years ago?”
“The what?”
The two exchanged looks, and then began to laugh. Erin laughed and the half-Elf chuckled. And he didn’t seem so bad. Erin shook her head.
“I’m not dead. I’m frozen in ice. I was shot by poisoned crossbow bolts.”
The [Necromancer] raised an eyebrow.
“Indeed? May you live, then. There are far more significant deaths. I myself fell in battle at the end of my great ambition. Slain in battle by the hero of my age. Because of my power, I am not dead. Still, I fear that if my body is touched, life will be but one moment.”
He sighed. Erin bit her lip.
“Oh. That’s…terrible. I’m sorry.”
“I yearn for it. Because it is one thing to know I am dead. Another to wish to live, even for one moment before I can finally rest. There will be none for you or me, Miss Erin. The living do not belong here, yet we cannot leave until our last links are severed. And it seems even in death, my protectors are too strong. My greatest servant watches over me still. That I could command them…but death has severed my magic.”
Another smile. The half-Elf looked so maudlin. Erin gulped.
“I—I don’t want that either. How long…has it been?”
The Putrid One looked at her.
“Countless eons, Erin. Did they tell you to regret your follies in life, those ghosts? They should have told you to regret that you had not fully died. For you may suffer here forever.”
 
—-
 
Califor and Sserys found Erin in the land that was called the Village of the Dead. Erin saw the rotting houses, the uneasy construction that had no sense for…living…inhabitants. And what lay beyond, the true center of this place where the [Necromancer] remained.
As well as the pristine grazing lands that had been before this place had been erected. The river that had been here until some jerks decided it needed to go the other way to feed a huge city in the distance.
The [Witch] halted before the half-Elf as he stood in his home in the present, a place of death, his tomb. The Putrid Once glanced at her and sighed at the intrusion.
“Begone, little ghost.”
He turned and the [Witch] held her ground. Barely.
“I have come for Erin Solstice, [Necromancer]. I have business with her.”
“The dead have business with the living?”
Eyebrows rose. The half-Elf regarded the Drake [General], again without much interest. Then he looked up.
Yderigrisel landed. The Dragon and [Necromancer] scowled at each other.
“Release the child to me, Putrid One.”
“She was never a captive, Dragon.”
Erin waved her arm urgently, edging between them. Both ghosts looked at her.
“I’m sorry I ran off. I was just—I met this guy. Don’t fight!”
Yderigrisel and the Putrid One eyed her, and then each other a second time.
