8.11 E (Revised)
Page 15
Now she was furious. Erin stumbled back, but Kasigna snatched at her. The woman with the hat pulled at her.
“With me!”
The [Witch] and Drake in armor leapt backwards, and the third rescuer, largest of them all, dragged at Erin. Pulling her with them. They were running, fleeing…
The inn?
The Wandering Inn vanished behind them. Erin looked back and saw the familiar building, standing there. She stared. Her inn! Was that where Kasigna had been? No—
Just outside of it. Where Erin had died. That wasn’t what astounded her.
The inn was distant in moments. Erin wasn’t running down the hill, but across a…distance without any physicality. While the inn stood, it was not the only thing here.
A ruined city lay broken on the Floodplains. As well as Liscor. Erin passed by an inn and did a double-take. That was the same inn that she had once stayed at! Only it was beautiful, newly-built—and naught but rubble at the same time.
There were more villages and even settlements. Guard towers! She looked around even as the three urged her to flee!
Erin stared upwards towards the High Passes and saw a broken city, a glorious empire built in those reaches.
Nevermore. She could have stared forever, but behind them was the woman.
The stranger. And she walked after them. Chasing.
Gaining ground.
It was the logic of dreams here. They were running, conversing, and time was nonsensical. They could have been fleeing for days that passed in moments, talking desperately all the while.
The woman with the hat spoke.
“She is too quick. This is her place! Maviola was consumed in a moment! We will never make it to sanctuary.”
She was tall, commanding. The other, a Drake, barked a reply like an order.
“Then split up!”
“No. She nearly has us. Keep going.”
The last of them spoke. And Erin, like a dreamer, finally focused on his face. She saw a huge Drake wearing armor turn his head. She slowed and the others cursed. But she couldn’t help it.
“Zel?”
He looked at her. And there he was.
Zel Shivertail. The [General] of the Antinium Wars. Tidebreaker.
He was as she remembered him. Not the body they had laid to rest, but Zel Shivertail. The same Drake who had sat at her inn, lectured her, been kind and…
Here. He met her gaze, eyes sharp and watchful as he glanced over his shoulder. His feet slowed. His claws opened, and he turned, the Heartflame Breastplate gleaming. He looked at his companions, especially the shorter Drake. He reached out, and touched his companion’s shoulder.
There was no time for anything else. Not for Erin, not for more than words. No time even for regrets.
A kiss.
“I’ll leave her to you.”
The Tidebreaker’s voice was gentle. The other Drake tried to block him.
“No, stop.”
Kasigna reached out for them, as large as a giant and no longer smiling. Her eyes and mouth were like pits trying to drag Erin in.
“Mine. You are all mine. Join me. Feed me.”
Her advance was faster than any of them. The trio of ghosts looked up as Erin tried to dodge. She saw Kasigna upon her. And then the three-in-one stopped.
The Tidebreaker of Izril had a claw on her shoulder. He tightened his grip as Kasigna halted. The other Drake made a sound.
Kasigna, affronted, stared at Zel Shivertail. He nodded as Erin ran, at the urging of the [Witch], looking back at him. He—why was he—?
She knew. The three-in-one coldly spoke.
“You cannot hold me back, little [General].”
Zel looked past her, at the other Drake calling his name. He smiled to himself, satisfied.
“You’ve stopped.”
She reached for him. Erin looked back as she heard a cry from the other Drake.
