8.11 E (Revised)
Page 10
Incidentally, this was Canada. Not her home country of the United States, but they were on the way and they wanted her. Even so, this government wanted to know what the hell had happened as much as everyone else, so Erin was here, repeating her story. It felt like less than an hour since she’d been lying outside her inn, bleeding to death.
“Goblins.”
“Mhm.”
The man gave her a look and some of the observers—and there were more behind the one-way mirror, Erin was sure—all murmured. She remembered it all.
She had no Skills, though. Just her memories. Shot with crossbows…the blood was on her clothing. Indeed, they’d taken her clothing, her possessions, and given her replacements.
And her bag of holding. That was what had convinced them. The first scientist to see the dimensional object actually passed out. But while that was important, the government agents were more concerned with Erin’s story.
Erin looked at them.
“So I’m part of the Spirited Generation? Haven’t you found more people like me?”
The man hesitated. He consulted his notes. Looked around for the nod from what might have been the authority in the room and replied at last.
“No. You are the first one.”
Erin felt a shock on her skin. As if that was somehow…wrong? No—
Right. She believed it. Just as she’d believed all he’d said about the Spirited Generation, the confusion, pandemic, arguing. Chaos. No wonder they wanted her.
And no wonder the United States wanted her back. The serious agents gave her a break as someone rushed in. Erin blinked…and within thirty minutes a second military force, this one American, was escorting her towards a waiting helicopter that had just landed.
 
—-
 
The [Innkeeper]. The girl who came back. Erin Solstice’s name was plastered on every newspaper in the world. And who read newspapers in print anymore?
She was on every headline, every website, video, worldwide for six months. And for six months, Erin was never out of the sight of one of the government agents.
Everyone wanted to talk to her. In fact, when the United States government had realized that the Canadian government had her bag of holding and the knife that Pelt had made, they nearly went to war demanding it back. It nearly went to war because it was magic.
Scientists interviewed her, medical people did a lot of embarrassing and sometimes painful tests. They wanted her blood, hair samples—Erin kicked the person who wanted the stool sample, but that was only the start.
She met with the President after the first week of making sure she wasn’t irradiated, a shapeshifter, carrying some horrible disease or parasite, or half a dozen other potential security hazards.
The day was January 22nd, 2021 when she shook hands with the President of the United States.
President Jeb Bush.
Two weeks later, she got to see her parents…
“This is a dream.”
She had been feeling it. She pressed a button and Agent Olivia hurried into the room. She wasn’t technically ‘Agent Olivia’ in sense of rank, but Erin kept calling her that and the woman had given up long ago.
“Erin? What’s wrong?”
Erin stood up. She’d been having a moment of peace after months of being the world’s most famous icon. She’d met the Pope, at least a third of the world’s leaders, spoken in front of the UN…
And that was fake. It had been a faint whisper in her mind. But she would have never noticed if not for…
She pushed back the laptop, turned off the relaxing music and stood. Even the music was…believable. That’s what threw her.
She had put it down to the sheer fantasy of meeting the President and being in the world’s eye. But now she was sure.
