8.12 T
Page 13
He pointed. Everyone turned. Where the screaming young man had been lying face-down in the surf was…nothing?
“Illusion. That was what will happen if you do not arrest your fall. Actually, you may die. I advise you to cast impact-shields if you must, and do not land on your head. Vertically. But none of you will cast [Slow Fall], [Featherfall], or any other gravity spell! You will project air. And not a spell! Just air. The exercise is to, without relying on a spell, conjure enough magical force to prevent yourself from being hurt. Perhaps the impact shields for the first time, but the second, try to do without. Pain and fear of death is an excellent teacher.”
It was older students, so Eldavin wasn’t being…unreasonable. Well, he was, but Trey wasn’t one of the students. The youngest of them was still third-year.
“Grand Magus? Aren’t there other ways?”
One of the Dullahans looked panicked at the idea of the jump. Eldavin addressed him, curtly.
“Did you hear my lesson on how [Aeromancers] used to train, young mage?”
“Yes, Grand Magus. This was one of the ways. But…I am not an [Aeromancer].”
“Output of magic is output of magic. This terrifies you, yes? Can you swim?”
“N-no, sir. My armor is iron.”
The Dullahan was standing well clear of the ledge. Eldavin nodded.
“Cast a flotation spell. But jump. Because what strains you will teach you faster. Do I have a volunteer to go first?”
He looked around. One of the sixth-year students slowly raised a hand. Which was a wing. She grinned.
“I don’t know if this will frighten me as much, Grand Magus. But I will do it without flapping my wings!”
The Garuda [Mage] looked at him, her brilliant yellow plumage gleaming by daylight. Eldavin looked at her. He tapped a finger against his chin.
“Indeed. Well, I have a remedy for that.”
 
—-
 
A minute later, the Garuda and everyone else stared at the conjured weights that Eldavin had produced. They were twenty pounds. Each. And both were secured around her ankles.
At this point, Trey felt like he was watching a movie execution. The Garuda looked down at the surf.
“If I were you, I would not cast a flotation spell until I were in the water. Sever the ropes when you hit the surf or they will drag you down. I am told Wistram’s waters are clear of predator-fish. More’s the pity.”
Eldavin watched. The Garuda looked pale.
“You have called my bluff, Grand Magus. But…”
She hesitated. Half the students were shaking their heads. Trey couldn’t imagine how much air the Garuda [Mage] would have to conjure to stop her from hitting the water like…forty pounds of lead! Well, over forty pounds of air force? Without using a spell?
He’d tried along with the others and he could conjure a moderately stiff breeze. True, he wasn’t a sixth-year student, but…
“Grand Magus, should I prepare a barrier? What if I get hurt?”
“I make no promises. Nor will I watch, incidentally. I trust the students here can watch out for each other. Jump, run back up, or fly, or use whatever methods you wish, and repeat until you are out of mana. This is to train yourselves. I will not be responsible for injuries. Or deaths.”
Eldavin met their gazes. The Dullahan looked horrified. The other students in the output group looked at each other.
“Must we, Grand Magus? Is there no easier way?”
The Garuda was backing away from the edge, bravado lost. Eldavin looked at her. For a long moment, the half-Elf stood there.
