8.12 T
Page 7
All was well. Or…it would have been, but Archmage Nailihuaile had shouted the news in her haste to keep anyone else from having worm-poo. Thus, Troy Atlas was forever ‘worm guy’ in the halls of Wistram.
 
—-
 
“That’s definitely him. The kid who shit worms for two hours.”
“The Parasite Mage. He conjures magic from his bowels!”
“I hear they were magic worms, giving him his power.”
“Remind me never to ask him for a conjuration spell.”
The other Earthers laughed at that last one. Trey’s head was buried in his arms at the dinner table. ‘Worm guy’ would have been a treat compared to the inventiveness of the other [Mages].
And they loved to tell jokes like this. Trey was the target of the week; no one was going to forget this in a hurry.
“S-sorry, Troy. Stop laughing, Aaron! It’s not funny!”
“I can’t…I’m sorry, but I can’t. Did you hear what they said? Forget the Antinium. He can summon the brown tide!”
Aaron Vanwell collapsed into his seat. Trey heard Elena jab him in the shoulder.
“Stop that.”
“It’s fine. Thanks, Elena.”
Trey was going to leave Wistram. He was going to hide under a rock—unless there were more worms there. He wanted to die.
He had never felt more embarrassed in his life. Everyone knew his name. Even more than an Earther, he was infamous.
Elena was trying to be kind and considerate, but the others sitting at the table, everyone from George to Aaron to Flynn, was laughing. The nice ones were trying to hide it.
Well, most of the guys were sniggering. Some of the other Earthers weren’t. And sadly, that was because for some, it was too…
“It’s not funny. It’s horrible.”
Sidney looked pale and sick and was sitting far from Trey. She was trying to be helpful, but the image of a bunch of parasites had been adjacent to her own trauma. Some of the others nodded too.
“They’ll stop talking about it. Eventually.”
Basil told Trey. The young man from Bulgaria gingerly put a hand on his shoulder.
They would never. But Trey thanked him anyways. He looked around at the tables of Earthers. They were trying to be nice. And at least he was among his people.
Children of Earth. He shook his head.
“Thanks, everyone. But I’ll live. I have to get to class.”
It was the next day. Breakfast—Trey didn’t have much of an appetite, except that he did after the scouring. He’d spent all of yesterday hiding in his rooms and periodically blasting the toilet with fire spells. It had to be replaced. He glumly stood up.
“Are you sure? You don’t have to go to class.”
Elena looked concerned. Trey just shook his head.
“I’ve got to study or I’ll fall behind. I’m trying to be a [Mage] and…it beats sitting around. Or staying in my room.”
He’d been told by Sa’la that the odds of more parasites remaining on his possessions was remote. Even so, he’d cleaned everything in the room. Three times.
The other Earthers looked up at him. A few waved. Aaron leaned over.
“You’re one of the best [Mages] here, Troy. Which is awesome, but you should join our events too if you have the time. Tomorrow? We’re having another gathering.”
An Earth-only gathering. Trey would have been at yesterday’s…but worms. He smiled weakly.
“Sure.”
He walked away, head bowed, hearing more jokes. The worst ones were funny. Trey tried to accept it. He was amazed anyone wanted to stand next to him after hearing what had happened—and few people did. His story wasn’t even worth a small secret; everyone in the academy of [Mages] knew what had happened.
