8.12 T
Page 1
Ah, but here had been more. The Ogre with the weird skin condition and ears. Amusing. But another bad-faith depiction of Dragons he wasn’t even going to dignify! He’d nearly blasted the laptop into ash, despite knowing it was comedy.
And the other one. The most illuminating of Humans’ tales about themselves had been called…what was it? That movie grounded in their world, yet told in fiction.
Eldavin tapped the side of his head, frowning. Magic reignited memory.
“Of course. That was what it was called. Contact.”
What a good story about other species from a people who had never met them—aside from the plethora of animals and sentient creatures that Teriarch understood still populated Earth. He snorted to himself.
How did it go? Something, something, technological spinning wheel, explosion, something, aliens? It had elements of many stories, in that sense.
And yet…Teriarch sat back.
What he learned in this moment was that Earth was good at telling stories. Movies were something special, and they made so many!
But they could be better. And if they could marry the best of both worlds…he closed his eyes and murmured a spell.
When he opened his eyes, Eldavin sat no longer in the room in Wistram, but under another world’s sky. He looked around, and saw a scene from the movie around him.
‘Car’, check. ‘Telescope’, wonderful, if different starry sky? Check? Ah, well, he’d taken some liberties. But there was the young woman. And he’d added in ambient smells based on his own memories and abilities. More sound…he wiggled his toes.
“Sensation, I always forget that one.”
The grass squished under his bare feet. Eldavin nodded to himself.
Not everything Earth did was better. This was what magic could do. And if they could tell stories like this? He looked around, smiling a bit smugly to himself. Now, the challenge would be replicating the entire movie like this.
Actually—he could barely do this one still image, with the young woman pondering while gazing through the telescope. Even if he’d been back in his real body, the mental complexities of recreating this were a pain in his tail. The Dragon sighed. Well, that was why artists who spent the time doing such things were so prized.
He was just copying and altering. Even though the scene was the same, the sensation was that which he, personally, had felt. One could not create illusions of things they could not conceive. The breeze was one he had felt on his skin himself, the smells, likewise.
Only the young woman was a replica from the movie. She looked up and Teriarch…
…blinked…
And the face was not that of a Human he had never seen before. The spell twisted as memory flickered.
For a second, it was realer than a movie. A young woman stood there, looking up towards the stars in a field of wheat as the night’s sky filled the horizon. She had a telescope in front of her. No, not a telescope…
Magnolia Reinhart turned from the ancient, magical astrolabe in the field of yellats, her latest project to import crops.
“Do you think there are other worlds up there, Teriarch? Ones just as vast as ours? That can’t be so.”
The Dragon, wearing the half-Elf’s body, replied as he walked across the ground. He stared up, but even with magic, his eyes were too weak to really see the glowing stars of every color.
“I am just repeating what the Gnomes said. Not that I ever met more than…hrmph. Well. They said a lot of things. The stars are more than lights in the sky. Even I can see that.”
“And you never tried? You, the master of magic and fire?”
