8.12 T
Page 14
“Easier? Yes. Of course. Your teachers can show you how to practice output. You can stand here, blowing air around and practice with no fear of death. Just push yourselves and you will learn. But, young woman. Do you have the time for that? When other [Mages] rise, do you want to take the easy, slow way, or the fastest I know?”
He turned to face the female Garuda. Eldavin smiled at her.
“It is not wrong to want to live as a [Mage] among equals. If that is your desire, stay up here and practice safely. But know that is what you become. So, young woman. My question is this: what would you do to learn true magic?”
The Garuda [Mage] stared at Eldavin for a long moment. The others were silent, thinking, looking at each other. Then, the young woman smiled. She bowed, spread her wings, and stepped backwards.
She jumped.
 
—-
 
Not all of them did. But over two thirds did. True to his words, Eldavin didn’t even watch the others. But he had made sure the Garuda came up; and she had managed to arrest her fall with the desperate blasts of wind. He had nodded to her in approval as she swam for shore.
“With theory alone, with control of magic, one can create any spell. That’s right. Create a line of magic in the air. Don’t use it! Just magic. If you can’t see this, incidentally, learn.”
He was in control of the second group in another room designed for this very task. Again, repurposed or rather, the use rediscovered.
It was a room where magic did not ambiently gather. It was absorbed into the tiles in the blank room.
A magical void. Useful for [Mages] when something went wrong. A jail cell in some cases.
Or, as Trey now learned, to train your control. Eldavin had the second group training to hold a single ‘line’ of magic in the air.
It was hard, because the tiles wanted to suck it away. It wasn’t about your output; the [Grand Mage] didn’t care how much magic was spent, although he encouraged them to use a good amount depending on what they had.
But they had to keep the magic from being dragged away. The students were struggling, sweating, but it wasn’t dangerous.
It was highly amusing, though.
“You. One leg. You—hold this in your mouth. Don’t drop it. I saw this at an inn, once. Very entertaining.”
One of the Dullahans balanced on one leg as he tried to cast. The Grand Magus inserted a spoon with an egg in it in the mouth of a half-Elf. He glared desperately at the older half-Elf, speaking around clenched teeth holding the spoon.
“Grand Magus, why?”
“Because it’s distracting. [Mages] should control their magic in any circumstance! When swimming! When bleeding! When excreting worms! Or so I’ve heard.”
Trey turned crimson. The others laughed, but the control group was busy focusing.
“Keep it steady, and without weaknesses. You! There’s a thinning here.”
Eldavin pointed. Trey could see what he meant. It was Tov, the Drowned Man, who struggled with this. He was ahead of the other first-years and thus put in this group. Eldavin nodded as he firmed it up.
“Good. Now, hold it. And…eat this dried pepper.”
He offered the Drowned Man a spicy, purple dried thing. Tov’s eyes watered at the smell alone and Trey winced for the young man.
But he ate the pepper. Eldavin nodded as tears began to leak from his Human eye.
“Suffering. But learning. That’s good. Time how long you can do it for. If you can pass this simple test, you can maintain your focus! That’s not the same as elegance of weaves, but I would actually say that short of a [Grand Mage], this is an acceptable level of control in this regard.”
