8.12 T
Page 27
Which was fair. [Karas Duststorm] was not a single-target spell. And when Trey had felt the magic leave him and seen the roaring blast of dust, sand, and stone shoot down the hallway at the laughing people, Reham and his friends, he’d known he’d made a mistake.
No one was laughing at ‘worm guy’ now. The [Sand Mage] had injured an entire hallway of students, some quite badly. Karas Duststorm was a spell for battle. It wasn’t as deadly as other Tier 3 spells—but it was dangerous, the kind of thing that made a charging rank of [Soldiers] blind and tore skin off if you were too close.
No one laughed at Trey anymore. Indeed, it seemed to be that many now regretted joking at his expense, considering, rightly, that it had led to this moment. But a second consequence of the duel gone wrong was that everyone now knew Trey’s level, roughly at least.
[Mages] had [Appraisal] spells. Trey had an anti-appraisal ring. Perhaps some had noticed this, but he was one among many. Now, they reconsidered. And the evidence was plain.
A first-year capable of casting Tier 3 magic? Unheard of! Okay, not unheard of, but rare for someone his age! Sometimes you got self-taught [Mages] of that caliber, but rarely as young. Of course, the [Mages] higher-up knew the real reason for Trey’s level.
Earther. But it meant even Aaron and the others were looking at Trey respectfully. Flynn included.
Trey just wanted to hide under his bed with the embarrassment, regret of it all. He wanted to apologize to Reham, but the Centaur was still unconscious. What had he done? All his lofty thoughts about what a ‘real battle’ was, and Trey had injured innocent people and overreacted. What a prat he was.
“Go away, Minizi. You can have the bed.”
The Lifesand Golem stared at Trey under his bed. She obediently climbed onto the top of his bed and sat there.
Trey crawled out of his bed after a while and got back to his punishment.
 
—-
 
The [Light] spells of Wistram Academy were important to keep lit. Since most of the academy was indoors, only a few windows had actual spells to reveal the outside world.
And whilst there were ancient enchantments of light that had never faded or gone dark in thousands of years…most were not that.
Even artifacts needed their mana supply topped up, or adjusted, or a semi-permanent [Light Sconce] spell needed to be recast every few days.
The [Mages] had taught Trey the new spells as a punishment. Now, he had to go around and replenish them floor by floor.
It was boring work. As boring as Eldavin’s exercises, without the benefit of actually leveling. The problem with higher-tier or more complex spells was that casting some could take minutes.
It took six minutes to cast a [Light Sconce] spell at Trey’s level of expertise. Not because it was a Tier 3 spell—it was Tier 2—but because you had to anchor it, configure the bindings…
It was boring. And if you made a mistake, the entire spell matrix collapsed or blinded you. Once, it began flashing on and off every two seconds, which was entertaining…but Trey had a quota before his punishment ended.
Three days of punishment later, he was a pariah.
Worm guy was sand guy was Troy Atlas, whose name was mud. He was both clown and violent monster.
Oh, the Earthers stuck by him, and his friends, but Troy himself felt like everyone knew his stupidity. If he hoped that class would take his mind off it—
Eldavin.
 
—-
 
