8.12 T
Page 23
Trey mulled over the question a bit too long. Even so, he nodded.
“A few times. [Bandits] and monsters.”
It was an honest answer. He’d been warned about truth spells of course. Aaron looked…interested. Elena’s face was troubled, but Aaron leaned forwards.
“Really? Did you fight, fight, or were you casting spells from the back or something?”
“Aaron.”
Elena scowled, but Trey shrugged.
“I saw fighting. I’ve…killed people.”
The two looked at him. Aaron closed his mouth slowly. Elena gave Trey another look. He slowly took another drink from his cup.
Ah, yes. That was what was so interesting about this place. Trey looked around. Most of the Earthers, with the exception of this Sang, a few others, had survived or not met with monsters. Some, like Aaron, still thought of it like fantasy, even if he was aware of the reality.
“Well, you’ll be safe here. You don’t have to learn magic to defend yourself if you’re worried about…you know.”
Elena told Trey. He looked at her.
“We have to fight someday. There are monsters out there. Crelers and worse.”
“You want to fight Crelers, dude?”
Aaron was astonished, half grinning at the bravado. Trey was silent. He’d seen Crelers. Orthenon had shown him and Teres a nest.
“I heard someone had a gun. Are we okay with giving Wistram…that?”
He changed the subject. Elena grimaced.
“It’s an airsoft one. You know, those pellets? And yes, Saif. We’re trying not to give them that. Or Aaron’s inventions.”
She glowered. Aaron raised his hands.
“Look, it’s self-defense! Against Crelers and stuff!”
“Your Shock Orb isn’t self-defense. You gave one to Montressa and she went after someone!”
“Archmage Naili did that. But we’ve got two. Just in case…”
“Shock Orb? What’s this about?”
Trey glanced up. Elena and Aaron looked at him. Elena sighed.
“Toys.”
Aaron grinned at Trey, looking younger for all he was older.
“Magictech.”
 
—-
 
Aaron Vanwell was a [Magictech Engineer]. And he might never have seen what happened when you struck someone with a sword—or smelled burning flesh. Seen a Pakeil. But good on him for not seeing any of those things. No one should.
He was good at what he did, and what he did was marry electronics and magic together. Trey stared at the floating orb of brass, or possibly copper, saw the diagrams of the internal magical battery.
“I made that. I’m still learning the activation runes and whatever Naili did. But if you cast a shock spell—bam!”
“Cast a shock spell and I will break that thing. It’s dangerous.”
Elena warned Aaron, keeping well clear from the invention, a powerful artifact for any [Aeromancer] or [Mage] in general.
Indeed, Aaron was not careless. He’d given all three anti-shock rings. Especially because his second creation was just as thematically electric.
“It’s the glove.”
He showed Trey a familiar looking glove, with a glowing space in the palm. If you hooked it into a magical battery, or used your mana, you could send bolts of lightning flying.
…However, it had about as much accuracy as a bolt of lightning in the wild. Aaron was working on focusing it. Also—you couldn’t fly with it like the movie it was based off of.
“I’m going to make the entire suit of armor.”
“For what? [Mages]? Yourself? Are you trying to become an adventurer?”
Trey was curious. He eyed both weapons and Aaron shrugged.
“Just in case. But wouldn’t it be amazing if you could fly around in it? I know there are [Flight] enchantments. Put one on the boots and…dude. Iron Man!”
Elena rolled her eyes, exasperated. Trey, on the other hand, looked at the Shock Orb.
“How much power does that orb have?”
