8.12 T
Page 19
Some things were instinctual. As in…other places…the people of Earth had created secret rooms for them to be, well, people of Earth. Trey had been invited to the therapy sessions run by Malia, but he’d only listened, not really shared.
This, however, was no beachfront with relaxing, calming visages and a place to be safe. This was…
The stereo quality wasn’t great on most of the devices. But Aaron had put aside all of his projects to try and upgrade the one set of portable speakers that someone had taken in a suitcase. With magic and effort, the bass went through Trey’s bones.
“Whoa!”
Flynn looked past Justin into the karaoke room. Well, karaoke, or just songs on the combined playlist of all the Earthers.
And it was a long list because the overlap for the most popular songs was mitigated by the multiple nationalities that had come to Wistram.
Not just languages, but timelines. The most popular songs were the ones from the later years. As late as 2019! Trey, having missed the best songs of two years, listened appreciatively.
Or tried to. Justin screamed in his ears about the best songs over the intense bass until Trey had to shout back.
“This is great, but I’m going deaf!”
“Try the other room then! We’ll be here!”
Flynn was at home with this room, and Trey saw a girl gesturing at the person with the laptop to turn it up. This was the room for people who were trying to recreate the same effect of a front-row concert. And if you thought speakers could get loud, you’d never heard a speaker with [Loud] and [Echo] spells attached.
Trey actually heard ringing in his ears as he escaped the first room and made his way down the private hallway in this suite apart. You had to know the passphrase for the door and somehow, even the Archmages didn’t. Aaron had provided this set of rooms after having obtained the super-secret location and code.
The [Mages] knew the Earthers had secret rooms, and smiled to themselves at their antics. They made the incorrect assumption that while, they, personally, didn’t know how to get in, someone in their faction surely did. It wasn’t as if Aaron or the other Earthers could uncover secrets of Wistram that they, the owners of this place, had not discovered, right?
The second room Trey opened was a much more reasonable song. And it was actually karaoke. Elena, the [Beautician], was singing with someone else. Not perfectly, but they laughed in delight as they finished the song.
“Troy! Are you a [Singer]?”
“Not me.”
Trey instantly refused, blushing a bit, as they tossed the ‘microphone’ over, which was actually enchanted rather than electronic. But someone had actually taken the time to try to detail and paint it like an actual microphone.
This was a place for people who missed home. Elena detached herself as someone else waved for their turn. Her cheeks were flushed with actual excitement. It was a rare contrast to the scowl she normally wore.
“I’m glad you could make it. You’ve been studying all this time. Not that it isn’t great, but we were getting a bit worried about you.”
“Sorry. I uh—”
“Are they still teasing you about the worms?”
Elena glanced sidelong. Trey shook his head, turning redder. She smiled sympathetically.
“You can always come here. The rooms are open all the time. Just keep it secret. Have you seen the other rooms?”
“I’m still sort of deaf from the first one.”
Trey rubbed at one ear. Elena rolled her eyes, exasperated.
