8.12 T
Page 29
She raised her claymore and cleaved her opponent in two. Trey hesitated.
“…That’s too realistic. I told you to take it easy!”
He began to suspect that video games based on this particular idea lacked the uh, realism that Minizi kept interjecting when she squashed her Sand Golem opponents’ heads in, or tore off limbs.
Well, they were his golems. Trey did this from time to time. Not Pokémon recreations so much as all kinds of little games.
Defend the castle. War games. He’d tried chess with Minizi as one of the pieces, but she kept stomping enemy pieces when they put her in danger. The Golem was getting a personality and he couldn’t tell if it was his subconscious impression of Gazi giving her the appearance of free will…or the Lifesand.
It wasn’t wrong to do this. Maybe a bit like a kid playing with toys, but it was a lot of fun to watch Minizi run about and create ‘monsters’ to fight her with. Lifesand was stronger than any other sand Trey could create.
“A shame you can’t do more.”
Minizi looked hurt. She waved her sword and Trey interpreted her words, partly making them up.
“Yes, you did kill that rat. Gross. But I meant, more…combat. But I can’t afford to give you that much blood per day to make you my size. And you can’t hide anyways. I wish I could give you a stronger sword, though. Then you’d be able to uh…kill more rats?”
He wasn’t sure what the endgame was there. But Minizi’s imitation of Gazi was half-hearted. She was tough for Lifesand, but her ‘claymore’ was as sharp as a butter knife.
Nor could Trey upgrade her in other ways. He’d tried. But since it was…sand…a ‘sand cannon’ shot pitiful balls of sand. Minizi with a bow and arrow couldn’t fire it. She could throw bits of herself, but it was about as painful as uh, you might expect.
No elasticity, tension in the bowstring or any other mechanical advantages that the other substances provided. Minizi’s enduring talent was that she was, like sand, easy to create, hard to fully destroy, and she was malleable if she wanted to be.
Anyways, the mistake. It wasn’t the little game, but rather, the setting. Trey normally did this in his rooms, but he’d thought the deserted corridors and this remote level on the ground floor of Wistram Academy meant no one was around.
He forgot that this was Wistram. Someone was always around.
“I say. That’s a Lifesand Golem. Dead gods, extraordinary. You—young man, you’re a [Mage] of hidden depths, aren’t you?”
Trey closed his eyes as Minizi went away from killing her opponent. He turned his head and saw the worst of all people had spotted him and Minizi.
Literally, the worst. Not hyperbole this time. If Trey had to create a list of the worst people to spot him doing this?
Archmage Viltach of the Libertarian Faction was top of the list. There were people Trey Atwood didn’t like, like Rievan, Charles, older and younger mages.
But no one was like Viltach, the Human-centric leader of his faction. Trey straightened and then bowed.
No showing his true feelings this time.
“Archmage. I was…”
He wanted to lie, but there was no helping it. Viltach was locked onto Minizi and he’d seen what she was in a moment.
“You’re…Troy Atlas. I’ve heard your name twice this week.”
The Archmage slowly stepped forwards. Trey closed his eyes. His reputation had even reached the Archmages. He nodded to the man and studied Viltach.
In the light of his newly-replenished spell, Viltach was…interesting. Trey had met all the Archmages currently at Wistram, with Amerys being the notable exception.
Verdan Blackwood. Old, mimicking a Dullahan. Smart.
