8.12 T
Page 2
The young woman teased him. She flapped across the snowy field. The Dragon exhaled a plume of fire as he lay, melting the snow on one of the peaks. The same astrolabe lay in front of her, newly crafted.
“Insolence, brat. Who would keep my kin in line down here? I don’t have time to spend flying up there. Also, it’s extremely cold.”
“But you never tried?”
She perched on a rock next to him. The brass Dragon looked up and exhaled; steam rose into the sky, blotting out the distant stars for a moment. He was forced to admit it.
“…It may be impossible for us, without preparation, at least. Dragons have tried when we learned these truths. Long ago. One flew into space in our greatest age and suffered there. There was no air to breathe. So he breathed magic. There was no warmth. Yet his heart beat for him. There was no food, but he was a Dragon. He flew towards the nearest star.”
“Really? When?”
“Before even I was born. My mother told me the story.”
And that was long, long ago. Teriarch pointed with one claw.
“There. You see that purple one? That was the one he chose because it was so bright. See? He flew up there. And he was a Dragonlord, like I.”
Magnolia Reinhart was eating some nali-sticks as she listened. Eldavin glanced at her to make sure she was listening. He wished she’d stop having so many. She was developing a sweet tooth. Her young [Maid]—[Assassin], still grim and hard-eyed from her training, watched him warily. He went on, feeling as though he’d said this before. How many times?
“And what happened? Did he ever make it, that Dragon?”
The young woman was getting jittery with the sugar. Eldavin, Teriarch—which body was it now?—shrugged.
“No. He came back five hundred years later and said it was too far. But the journey had changed him and thereafter his kind were known as Void Dragons—for he had been changed and so had his offspring.”
“Void Dragons?”
The perching Garuda nearly fell off the top of his head. Teriarch blew at her, irritably, and she flew around him, excitedly.
“I’ve never met one! Where are they? What do they look like? Are they like the Sea Dragons you’re meeting?”
For a moment, the weary brass Dragon looked at her. Then he shook his head.
“No…no, girl. You haven’t heard of them because they were always few in number. As for where or what—you will not meet them. They’re all gone. Dead. The last of them died in a war you would not remember.”
The eager smile faded. And he wished he hadn’t said that. Slowly, the Dragon turned, looking around the oasis, waiting. He tried to say something better. He reached out—
“Grand Magus Eldavin? I—oh.”
The half-Elf blinked. The illusion vanished as the door began to open. The wide-eyed [Mage] saw the perfect recreation of memory. For a second, a Garuda, flying down, turning towards…
Eldavin. The half-Elf stood there.
“How may I help you, Miss…?”
He looked at her, with no idea of who she was, for a moment. The [Mage] hesitated.
“Teura, Grand Magus?”
The [High Mage], second-most-important in the Centrist faction, really, helper to Eldavin, looked at Eldavin. He touched the side of his head, blinked.
“Ah, yes. Young lady?”
She was eighty three, but somehow, it was appropriate. Teura ducked her head slightly.
“You requested the morning’s timeslot for your classes. Your students are waiting. Should I tell them to remain there or….?”
Eldavin looked out the window in shock. It had been before dawn when he’d—he looked around and rose to his feet.
