8.12 T
Page 18
“Grand Magus. May I ask—if Foundations are so important, why do we bother with Acquisitions? If you could cast any spell in theory if you knew all the elements and how magic worked, why bother with learning spells?”
He’d been wondering about that for a day or two. Eldavin’s eyes, which had been narrowed with impatience, focused on Trey’s face.
“You mean, no spells whatsoever, young man? But Spells, like Skills are part of how we level.”
Trey nodded slowly.
“Yes, Grand Magus. But it seems to me they help. But magic is still magic. Could someone cast magic without using Skills or Spells at all?”
Someone laughed; Carn. There were other titters in the classroom. It sounded stupid to the people who lived their entire lives based around classes and Skills and such. Only Emirea didn’t laugh; she looked curiously at the Grand Magus.
And Eldavin? He gave Trey a long, long look. And then he nodded.
“Well said. What a world that would be, wouldn’t it?”
The laughter cut off. Eldavin looked at Trey again, and the [Sand Mage] thought he’d hit a mark. Because Eldavin had the look he sometimes got when a student asked a particularly good question. He slowly walked around the room.
“In its purest form? Hypothetically…if there were a being without Skills or Spells, could they cast magic as well as any [Mage]? Oh, yes.”
He smiled, almost to himself.
“Because Skills are like artifacts, just more convenient. Magic is magic. It is entirely possible for that to come about. Perhaps the greatest magic-users would be like that. Pure. What a world that would be. Unimaginable, of course.”
For a second, he looked out a window, smiling to himself. Then his good mood faded. He turned, sighing.
“…But there is a good reason that Spells exist. Why they are, in fact, important. A fair question, Troy Atlas. Think like that the rest of your life. But you are still wrong. Spells are not better, more potent, or more adaptive than wild magic, or the magic of monsters or indeed, ‘spells’ that are created free-form. But they have one quality which makes them far superior. And it is…?”
He looked around. A few hands were raised and snatched down. Eldavin didn’t wait. He looked at Trey.
“The answer is: spells are less mana-intensive. I could create a fireball identical to a [Fireball] spell. But since one is a spell, one consumes far less mana. Thus, more powerful in every conceivable way for [Mages].”
“But why, Grand Magus? Is there some minute difference?”
The half-Elf met Trey’s eyes. He hesitated, then spoke.
“…Because they are.”
It was the first, and only time he had ever given an answer like that. Because they were. Spells were better. Trey left that lesson curious.
 
—-
 
He was not the only one. Why was any of this happening? What was this strange new world?
Questions that had plagued Earthers from the first days they’d found themselves here now tormented the greatest minds in Wistram. No one knew the answer.
But they had a lot of clues. Clues were people, devices, knowledge from both worlds.
Invariably, the Earthers who were fought over like possessions resisted being traded about. There was no union, no way to oppose [Mages] and their factions directly. But it had not come to that. And because they were not prisoners entirely, the Earthers had used what was available to them.
“Troy! You made it! Washed your hands? Aw, I’m just kidding! Get in here!”
Justin grabbed Trey as the young man opened the door to one of the Earth-rooms.
