8.12 T
Page 38
They hadn’t slept. And their project had gone way outside of any reasonable expectations.
Minizi now had a mana gem core, which, if broken, could be replaced, adding to her agility, speed, and basic power. She no longer carried her Lifesand claymore because what was the point?
She had been given an actual tiny steel sword, sharpened to a razor’s edge by Viltach, a claymore. For reinforcement, the Archmage and Trey had first experimented with iron dust to ‘bulk up’ her arms and legs. Then they’d gone weird.
She had little bars of mithril in her arms and legs, light, but strong. Minizi circled the Rock Golem, hacking at it and then lifting it and throwing it over the edge of the table. She raised her arms in victory.
At this point, Viltach and Trey gave each other red, bleary-eyed looks and started laughing at the ridiculousness of it all.
“Thank you, Archmage. It was…”
“Quite fun.”
Viltach saw Trey off. The [Sand Mage] ducked his head, embarrassed, cradling Minizi. Viltach nodded to him, before going off to sleep. Trey did the same, but Minizi woke him up.
She presented him with a rat’s head.
Trey had a rat nest in his room.
 
—-
 
At the end of his first month in Wistram, Trey Atwood was reassigned rooms. Not because they were needed, but because he was ‘given’ to a faction.
He’d known it was coming. Trey reported to his new faction’s headquarters with mixed feelings as Flynn complained.
“We’re bloody trophies being tossed around, Troy. Can’t we stay?”
“To have and to hold, Flynn.”
“Fuck.”
The young Australian man was disconsolate; he and Trey were good neighbors. And he didn’t like where he’d been assigned.
“Bloody Libertarians. I’ve heard what they said about that place. And I’m with Justin.”
“Don’t you like him?”
“Can’t stand him. He’s only got decent taste in music.”
Trey looked at Flynn as Pokey wagged her tail.
“Well, I think it won’t be the worst, Flynn. Viltach is the Archmage there. He’s not that bad. I think he likes dogs. You should talk to him.”
“You think so?”
Flynn glanced at Trey. The young man nodded. He glanced up.
“Hey, roommate. Ready to move off to our new handlers?”
Elena stood in the doorway. She had been stolen away, like Trey, in the trading-wrangling for Earthers. He nodded.
“I can’t believe you’re part of the Terras faction.”
“I can. Eldavin and Valeterisa both wanted you. And they had enough clout to get me too. Only two, but that was something.”
Elena informed Flynn. He sighed.
“Must be nice to be liked. I’m with Justin and the others. You know, he says some shit when he’s drunk? Real…I think he fits with the Libertarians. Sure you don’t want to trade, Troy?”
The young man hadn’t a choice, and even so…Eldavin’s faction was the place to be. Elena shook her head.
“He nearly was, Flynn. I heard a rumor that Archmage Viltach fought pretty hard to get Troy.”
“Really?”
That didn’t actually surprise Trey. Thoughtfully, he moved with Elena into his new quarters. Eldavin had yet to really talk to them about Earth, but Valeterisa took the next four hours to demand hair, blood, skin samples, and have them recount any new facts to her.
 
—-
 
That night, Trey Atwood thought about the future. The King of Destruction was far from here. It was easy to be sucked into his grand dream when you were there, to believe in him.
But Trey was reconsidering. He was not unhappy to be in Eldavin’s faction, for all he had a connection with another Archmage.
In the end, you could see someone’s good sides. But you had to acknowledge their bad sides.
