8.12 T
Page 5
He tossed her out of the bathroom when he realized she was patting him encouragingly on the head. Trey thought it was over and reached for the toilet paper, another blessing. Then…his face contorted.
“No way. This is—”
 
—-
 
Flynn checked on him after the first hour. He rapped on the door, realizing Troy hadn’t left after a nap. Actually, Pokey had woken him up, scratching at the door and led him to this one. She was sniffing and looking worried.
“Troy? You okay, dude?”
“No! I’m dying!”
“Are you…still on the toilet?”
“Yes!”
“What?”
“It keeps coming out!”
Flynn did not want to know the details. But he looked at Pokey, who was whining worriedly. She sensed something.
“I think I should get you a [Healer], Troy. Or tell one of the [Mages]. Need me to toss you a potion?”
“I…I need a [Healer]. Maybe.”
It was bad if his friend was admitting that. Flynn grew more worried.
“Uh—what’s happening, Troy? What should I say? Do you have potions?”
“Yes. But…hold on. Let me check. I don’t think I’m bleeding, but…”
Inside, Trey was sitting on the toilet. And he was about to make the radical move of inspecting what had kept him there for an hour. It felt like the worst diarrhea ever, but it kept going. He had not, out of sheer self-preservation, looked at what came out.
Who did that, anyways? But if he was actually losing what felt like his guts…
Flynn wrinkled his nose outside. He waited, not exactly excited, but worried. Pokey made another sound.
“Is it that bad, girl? Do you smell blood or something?”
She had a good nose and intuition. She’d warned him about monsters in the dirt and so on. Flynn crouched to scratch her ears and try to get a ‘sense’ from their connection what it was. He felt she was disturbed. It wasn’t blood, but…
A horrified shout came from Trey’s room. The young man bellowed something.
“Troy?”
Flynn shot to his feet. He reached for his side automatically. He heard a bellow from within.
“[Flame Jet].”
At this point, one of the other students across the hall who’d been drawn by the shouting looked out of his doorway in concern. He stepped out as a young woman opened her door.
“Who’s making that racket? I’m trying to study.”
Flynn ignored them all. He pounded on the door, hesitant to open it.
“Troy? What’s wrong?”
He heard a strangled exclamation.
“Flynn—get a [Healer]! It’s…it’s…worms!”
The young man stared at the door. He saw his dog stare up at him. The other neighbors didn’t get why Flynn blanched for a moment.
“Oh, fuck.”
He took off and went running. And he couldn’t help but feel…this might have been Pokey’s fault.
 
—-
 
“Parasites. Not your dog’s fault. More like an adventurer thing, really.”
Ten minutes later, Sa’la, the Selphid [Mage]-[Healer], was speaking to a small crowd outside Trey’s room. It was quite a crowd.
Archmage Nailihuaile, Telim, who Flynn had found first, Vhedel, the [Herb Mage], and a number of Earthers and students and [Mages] were all listening, looking appalled.
“But how’d he get them?”
Sa’la was a [Healer] as well as a [Mage]. Not a high-level one, but when it had been parasites, Telim had suggested they get the Selphid, as an expert on that kind of thing. Sa’la had not been offended and she was the one to ask. She shrugged.
“A sea parasite. He must have caught it while travelling here. Probably in the food you were eating on the ships. Did they cook everything properly?”
Flynn thought of the food they’d eaten on The Emerald Signet.
“We were sailing through storms. We had to eat rations and it was raining all day and night…”
