8.12 T
Page 32
The [Sand Mage] hesitated, but the answer came out of him before he could really think about it.
“I think Minizi—a Lifesand Golem could actually be a tree, Archmage. They’re very strong. She can lift my spellbook and one time it fell off the desk and onto her. She barely got squished and came right back.”
“Extraordinary. I’m so jealous. I never went into sand—glass, yes, but sand? But then, I had no idea how to acquire Lifesand. I suppose from the way you describe the event, that was as your life’s blood seeped into the sand…?”
Trey nodded and Viltach shuddered.
“No wonder it’s so rare. Not for me. Not for me. Would you care for some cookies? Other snacks? I have all the Earth-ones right here.”
He remembered himself and offered some of the treats. Trey hesitated. Normally one might refuse. But his insight with Fetohep made Trey catch himself.
“I’d love a cookie, actually.”
“Wonderful!”
Some people loved being the host. Fetohep embodied that.
“I have some of those oatmeal ones as my favorites. Do you like any in particular? Ah, here. We had Rhir’s hell of a time figuring it out, but—try this. Chocolate.”
He handed Trey a dark cookie. The young man sniffed it and detected the familiar scent and bit greedily.
“It’s good!”
“Excellent. We tried a hundred different plants from Baleros before we figured out how those cocoa things worked. Not beans but fruit!”
Viltach snorted. This was the kind of thing Wistram was willing to fund thousands of gold pieces for, incidentally. Well, [Mages] like Telim would do anything in the name of better treats.
Trey sat, drinking, well, milk and eating cookies with the Archmage. He was not what Trey expected. He looked admiringly at Minizi.
“I can see why you kept her secret. It’s not good to show too many talents. Rest assured I’ll keep it secret. I apologize if I’m keeping you from something, but I had to ask how you learned to make something so unique.”
“You like Golems, Archmage Viltach?”
“Viltach will do.”
He raised a hand gently. The Archmage sat forwards, arms resting on his knees. Personably.
“Myself? I don’t actually specialize in Golems. Wistram does not…delve as deeply into Golems these days. One look at Cognita tells you why. But I’m in the same field, so to speak.”
Trey nodded. No one wanted to create golems when perfection and a warning in both forms, Cognita, walked the halls. Viltach frowned at the name of the Truestone Golem, but he nodded to Minizi.
“She looks quite well done. That’s what struck me. Instantly identifiable, and that’s not just because Gazi the Omniscient is famous. I admire that kind of detail. And that other, squat thing? Well done! Is it imagination or a copied design?”
“Thank you. I—it’s from my world.”
Trey blushed. Viltach nodded.
“Recreated well either way. You strike me as a young man very much like myself.”
“Archmage? How so?”
“Why, your school of magic. You do know what my field of expertise is, don’t you?”
Viltach looked startled. Trey supposed it was a small secret or even common knowledge. He…thought…the Archmages were just political animals, Valeterisa being the exception.
Viltach’s face fell when he realized Trey had no idea.
“Each Archmage is still a [Mage]. We’re not all generalists like Feor, you know. Do you know the other Archmage’s talents?”
“I…know Archmage Nailihuaile is an [Enchanter]. Everyone speaks of that, Archmage Viltach. But not yours or anyone else’s, I’m sorry. I know of Archmage Amerys being a lightning mage.”
This was Trey’s moment and he seized it. He saw Viltach look more and more crestfallen.
