8.12 T
Page 20
“The concert rooms? They’re all going deaf, I swear to god. But here—come on and take a look. It’s not just music. We’ve got several rooms set up. Nothing fancy, but it’s for home, not figuring everything out mostly. Like so…”
The third room was for video games. You wanted to play one of the games on any number of devices? You put your name on the list and requested an hour. It was a full list, Trey saw. Elena grimaced.
“I’m managing that. You wouldn’t believe how many fights there are. You play games?”
“I’m not a gamer, but I like them. What’s on here?”
Trey inspected the list. Elena smiled.
“Well, we actually have a Switch—a Nintendo thing.”
“A what?”
Trey turned to her. Elena snapped her fingers, her eyes lighting up.
“You don’t know? It’s one of the newest consoles. Someone brought it and we can’t hook it up to a television or do more than two-player games, but…here. Hey! I’m showing Troy around! Who’s got the Switch?”
She pushed the door open and Trey saw a room filled with couches, chairs, cushions, all furniture stolen from the rest of Wistram by Earthers with bags of holding. Someone looked up.
“Elena! I have it for this hour!”
George complained. Elena shook her head.
“Just show it for five seconds. Don’t be a baby, George. Everyone turns to children when it comes to wanting to use them. Here—”
She showed Trey the device. He exclaimed and George, despite his objections, was happy to talk about the long-awaited console, which hadn’t been out for another year when he’d vanished. He’d been agog to get to play it.
“But that means two years have passed. And it’s not been one here.”
Trey looked at Elena. George’s face fell. She hesitated, gave the Switch back and turned to him.
“Let’s talk about it…”
She led him outside as everyone went back to playing with each other or by themselves on the electronics. Elena turned.
“I didn’t want to disturb them. This is where they blow off steam. Not all of us want to talk about…time. And home.”
“Sorry.”
She flashed him a smile and Trey felt awkward again. Elena was one of the older Earthers, a good number of years on him and very pretty. She shook her head.
“No, it’s a good thing. Not everyone wants to talk about reality back home. If you want to—let’s skip the cooking room. This is where I think you’ll want to see things.”
They passed by the room where Earthers could enjoy meals from home. It was not the haute cuisine you might expect, but homey foods. To the outrage of many, a lot of effort had been put into recreating an authentic version of the store-bought, boxed mac and cheese—a nostalgic dish for some. Trash for others.
“Here. This is the News Room.”
Elena took Trey into a large room where he stopped and stared. It was a long wall, upon which someone had tacked bits of paper onto a cork board—well, many boards. It was…
A timeline of world events. Starting from around 2016, stretching into late 2019, which was the latest Earther they had.
World events from Earth. Not just one country or major news; the ‘central’ line was about the biggest world events, natural disasters, wars, and so on. But there were smaller additions higher or lower where people contributed tidbits about individual countries they remembered.
“It’s a work in progress. You’re free to add anything, but we do try to make sure it’s verified. Justin—you know that guy?—tried to convince everyone Russia went to war with half a dozen countries. Asshole. This matters and we have people from everywhere.”
“What?”
Trey was distracted. He was reading down the timeline of events. He stared at a spot.
