8.12 T
Page 39
Fetohep, Flos—Trey had seen their good and bad. Their flaws and strengths. On the whole of it, he stuck with Flos because of Teres. Because Flos would do what Fetohep would not.
…Until recently. Trey had heard the news from Jecrass just yesterday. He felt envious, really. What had caused Fetohep to move like that? Jecaina, the Arbiter Queen?
Well. Flos had sent Trey for a purpose, entrusting him with an audacious plan.
And Trey had been going along with it. Even agreeing.
Right up until he met Eldavin. In the half-Elf, he saw…something. A potential. Wistram had seemed to Trey to be as bad as he expected. It still was, in some ways.
But if Eldavin was the rising star who could show Trey a better future, find a way to save Teres from herself—the King of Destruction could fight his glorious wars and he, Trey, would stay in Wistram. Go to Khelt.
Something. Keep an open mind. He was not beholden to Flos. Just the best future.
Trey sighed. He kicked at the ground. It was so easy to say that.
If only…he looked down. Minizi was slashing at the air with her new sword, looking almost excited.
If only Gazi hadn’t been the one to look at him and trust him. It was easy to throw over Flos. Less easy to…
“Hello?”
Viltach opened the door as Trey knocked. He was astonished at his late-night visitor, curious, but also a bit wary.
“I thought you were in the Terras faction. Is Grand Magus Eldavin interested in a meeting? Out of magicore again, Troy?”
Trey accepted the glass of milk. He sat, wondering why Eldavin needed magicore.
“No, Archmage. I—was just wondering if I could ask you a question. I know I’m part of the Terras faction, but that’s just where I was assigned.”
Viltach raised his brows, as if not realizing that’s how the Earthers felt. He hid a smile in his cup.
“Well, I’m delighted to see Minizi is still holding our insane upgrades. Any cohesion difficulties? Mana interference? And what can I help you with that Eldavin can’t?”
Trey smiled. And here it was. He looked the Archmage in the eye. The thing about being genial was knowing also how people rubbed each other the wrong way. Orthenon and Mars. Flos and Fetohep.
“No problems, Archmage Viltach. And I would have asked Grand Magus Eldavin, but I doubt he…knows. He’s very good at magic, but he’s not from Wistram.”
Another smile that the Archmage didn’t conceal.
“No, no he’s not.”
Trey nodded slowly. He stared past Viltach.
“Plus…he’s not Human. It’s just a question, Archmage, but some of the Earthers were talking about it and after our discussion of Chandrar and…”
He nodded at Minizi. Viltach glanced at Trey as the [Sand Mage] looked at him.
“I was wondering. Do you know where Archmage Amerys is?”
Slowly, Archmage Viltach’s eyebrows rose.
“How interesting. Would you give me a second to consider the question?”
He went, on the pretext of finding some cookies. Trey sat there. He saw Minizi look at him. He winked at her.
The huge, central eye of Minizi’s head winked back.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes: Happy birthday to me! It wasn’t today. Or even yesterday, but it was around this month. So I get to say it.
This is a shorter…short…
I wanted a short chapter, but this is what we got. Poll chapter! Even so, I cut some stuff. But that’s okay. Let’s not kill me yet. And I am tired after those two big chapters!
Speaking of which, the editing on 8.11 E continues. So this chapter will not be made Public, nor 8.11 E until the revision is done. Then I’ll release them all at once.
