8.12 T
Page 16
“Normal methods are dangerous the more one pushes. I know how to ‘relax’ the body to adjust to this process. Hence, the draughts you all imbibed and the exercises we will go over later.”
You couldn’t pay for this. Trey suffered a nosebleed on his third try. He looked at Eldavin.
“Why am I here, Grand Magus? I know it helps everyone, but why me?”
Eldavin looked at him.
“Think on it, young man. Why indeed? Why you?”
He let Trey think on it for twenty minutes. When he circled back their way out of the sixty students, Trey offered a question.
“Is it my magic?”
“A fascinatingly obvious answer. Did it take you twenty minutes? Indeed. Golems drain magic and a [Summoner] or [Mage] of your class requires vast supplies.”
The other [Mages] in earshot looked at Trey. He stared at Eldavin. The [Mage] gave him a knowing look, aimed at Trey’s hood.
“[Necromancers] also benefit from this kind of exercise. Keep it up.”
 
—-
 
The results of eight nosebleeds and him actually having to run outside and throw up once manifested after two such lessons. It was why all the students did so, even young Emirea. The control group, the output group—and the students desperately trying to meet Eldavin’s basic standards so they could learn.
They leveled. Fast!
 
[Sand Mage Level 20!]
[Skill – Mana Well (Earthen) obtained!]
 
He waited for more. But there was no second Skill. Or a free spell. Even so, it was a big Skill.
Yeah. So great. So cool.
No, it was. But at breakfast later, Trey Atwood found himself socializing with some of the other first-years rather than the Earthers. They were friends, thanks to Eldavin’s class more than their shared first-year classes.
“…And then I woke up. And I got my first eye-Skill.”
Goelv was speaking excitedly to the others. He smiled around and Trey saw Emirea flinch slightly. The Gazer noticed, but the little girl was trying. Trey smiled encouragingly.
“What’s an eye-Skill, Goelv?”
The Gazer boy gave him a smile. Trey had sat with him the day after the first lessons, having noticed Goelv was alone. Flynn had joined, and as a result, some of the other ‘notables’ including Emirea, Tov, and the surly ‘Carn’ had become a regular breakfast group.
On the second class, Goelv had managed to pass Eldavin’s exam, having apparently not slept until he had mastered his faulty eyes. The Grand Magus had been approving and put him directly into output, much to the Gazer’s horror.
Carn had yet to master his [Light] spell, but he sat in on every class.
“Eye-Skills are Gazers’. Excuse me. They are Skills of my people for our eyes. We have abilities, but these make them stronger. Paralysis, fear, you see? The strongest of us grow so strong that when they die, the cores of their eyes still hold power. Eye-Gems. Artifacts. Mine is weak, but look!”
He lifted his eye-hand, and shot a beam at a cup. It promptly set the wooden exterior ablaze. Everyone fanned at it until Carn poured his cup of water over it.
“Sorry!”
He could shoot laser beams from his eyes. Flynn pointed as Goelv stood up and began bowing to everyone who’d been alarmed by the flash of light. Trey nodded, mouthing back.
“And what about the rest of you?”
“I gained [Control Mana]. Basic.”
Carn grunted as he refilled his cup. He was sour about his slower progress. Emirea timidly raised a hand.
“I—I got [Mana Pool]. Which I am very happy about! I wrote back to my mother and she says it is very accomplished for my level! Below Level 10! And Troy has [Mana Well]!”
The young man ducked his head.
“I just wish it was as cool as eye-beams. Or Tov’s Spell.”
