8.12 T
Page 26
“You and me, Atlas. A duel! One hand—until you admit I’m your better. Or apologize now and I’ll let it go.”
“Reham! He’s a first-year!”
“Then I won’t even move my hooves.”
The Centaur retorted. Troy saw some of his friends, Goelv, Emirea, Tov, looking worried.
“Enough of this. I’ll fight you. My sword touches you, you forfeit.”
Carn interrupted. Reham looked delighted. But Trey’s ire was up.
“I’ll do it.”
He lifted his staff as the older students looked delighted or appalled. Trey stalked to a place opposite Reham. The Centaur [Hex Mage] snorted confidently.
“Don’t worry, I’ll take it easy on you! No spells until the count.”
Trey just glared at him. He readied the [Geomancer]’s staff, taken from his corpse. He thought of war. A’ctelios.
“…two…one…”
The [Sand Mage] raised his staff. He cast without speaking, with Gazi’s training in him. He didn’t need to speak the spell aloud.
[Light B—]
Something hit his face and knee and he went sprawling. They weren’t hard impacts. Not impacts at all, but the bolts of magic turned his muscles to jelly for a second. His legs collapsed and his mouth went numb. He sprawled to raucous laughter.
Trey lay on his back for a moment as Reham snorted. He lay there…
Embarrassed, as people laughed at ‘worm guy’. Who was also a first-year unwise enough to challenge a third-year duelist. And who had forgotten—
He was no great [Soldier]. They might have been petty mage duels, but you still had to be fast. The best of them had become adventurers. They still told stories about the [Necromancer] who had been exiled.
“Well? Getting up? I’ll let you have the first spell!”
Reham called. Trey lay there, and felt something wiggle in his hood. Minizi. She was trying to get free. The little Lifesand Golem was ready to fight!
Slowly, Trey got up. His cheeks were red, and people were chuckling or wincing with sympathy. He looked at Reham as the Centaur waited.
“Want to continue?”
“One spell?”
Trey called out, a bit shakily. The Centaur laughed.
“Bravo! Yes, go ahead! Next one who falls down loses! I like his spirit.”
He turned to the others. He wasn’t actually a bad person. Although perhaps a bully. Either way, he gave Trey the first spell and probably didn’t deserve what happened next. Trey planted the staff as his friends watched. He took a breath, pointed at Reham, who had the sense to throw up a barrier.
Trey spoke.
“[Karas Duststorm].”
 
—-
 
It turned out that when discipline needed to be administered, Wistram Academy had its methods. Not only was Trey Atwood forced to write a written apology and recompense the injured, he had to perform menial magical chores like replacing [Light] spells and so on for two weeks.
Not fix the hallways or clean up; that was a job for Golems. But he was in trouble.
He hung his head as he sat in his rooms that night. What was wrong with him? The answer? Trey had indulged his temper for the second time since coming to this world. And he really should have realized the first time, when he stabbed Baosar with the [Light Spear], that his temper was a dangerous thing.
“I’m frankly impressed. It’s not every day we meet a first-year student who can cast a spell of that magnitude. But it’s frankly unacceptable. Even more since there were bystanders! Twenty three needing potions and poor Reham is suffering the [Healer]’s attention even now.”
“It was a duel, Magus Telim.”
The huge [High Mage] had been the one to rule Trey’s sentence with six other [Mages] on the disciplinary committee for the week. He had actually been the one who offered the most punishment.
