8.12 T
Page 15
The other students brightened up at that. Eldavin didn’t exaggerate. Tov spoke around his streaming eye and running half of his nose.
“How long—should I hold it to pass—Grand Magus?”
Eldavin gave him an encouraging smile.
“One hour. Do your best and keep at it in your own time. Don’t forget the peppers or similar distractions each time. Very well, capacity, with me!”
 
—-
 
“Capacity, control, output. Fundamentals of all spells. You all simply need the first of the three. By all means, practice the other two, but you lack the sheer…”
Mana. Trey was surprised he himself lacked it. He ventured as much as Eldavin stationed the last of the students in their training area.
“I thought I had enough mana, Grand Magus. If I’m wrong, I apologize.”
Eldavin stopped. It was true that Emirea lacked much, being a child, and mana capacities varied from student to student.
Some had [Mana Wells], which were a Skill which boosted your supply immensely. But there was innate mana reserve which differed from person to person. That was often what made people decide to become [Mages].
Trey apparently had a good one, according to Ulyse and Mirin of Parasol Stroll. It was one of the few things they hadn’t trained him in rigorously with Gazi.
Eldavin looked at him. His eyes flickered.
“It is true, young…Troy Atlas…that capacity is not really ‘trained’. This exercise is meant to expand it in all of you, and while [Mages] may do so, there is no real finesse, just need for a baseline. I shall explain as we begin. Are you prepared?”
Trey nodded. What were they doing to train their capacity?
Well, they were standing in the exact opposite of the rooms where the control group was. In fact, directly underneath those rooms.
The mana of this place was mana-dense. Rooms devoted to one element, like the underwater room whose water never left the open door. A room burning with heat—
This was an elemental-less room. Good for practicing new spells or where [Mages] went if they overextended. Now, Eldavin was having all the students push magic out. Like the control group, but he didn’t insist on any fine control.
Even as he did, Trey felt the ambient mana ‘filling’ him up. Eldavin nodded.
“Now—don’t break your connection, but—absorb the mana. And prepare for nosebleeds.”
It was like…again, to use the analogy of lungs, taking a breath, a huge breath. Exhaling it, taking the same amount of air and then inhaling the first breath.
That could probably burst a lung. What the students were doing was straining their internal reservoirs. Sure enough, half the class began bleeding from their noses.
“This is a very careful expansion of your magic. You! Too much intake. Slowly. Slowly—we are trying to strain your reservoirs. Do not try this without a [Grand Magus] monitoring you. In the past, students of magic drank mana potions to excess…this is more efficient. But all methods are dangerous. I repeat, do not do this alone! Not even experienced [Mages] should do this lightly.”
Emirea was bleeding from her nose. She pinched it, looking distressed, fishing for a handkerchief.
“Mana potionbth, Grand Maguth?”
Eldavin waved a hand and the bleeding stopped.
“One method is by alchemical ingredients, young woman. This is another, a very old one, but costless so long as rooms like this are acquired. You yourself have a weak capacity; I shall offer a week’s worth of lessons. It should be enough.”
“Really? But how?”
The half-Elf smiled superiorly at her.
