8.12 T
Page 25
A student remarked. Trey nodded, and then supplied his own answer. Amerys probably didn’t duel because she killed people instead of played at it. If she was anything like Mars, Gazi, Orthenon—any of the Seven, this wasn’t what she’d enjoy.
“Yield! Yield! Damn it, you win!”
The [Pyromancer] second-year gave up as the [Hex Mage] finally beat her. Grinning, the [Hex Mage] accepted accolades, trotting about as the Drake picked herself up. He was a Centaur.
“That’s a win streak of six! Can anyone stop me? Anyone first to fourth-year!”
The Centaur was named Reham, and he strutted about, rather cocksure and proud of himself. Trey saw him look around challengingly and focus.
Not on Trey, but Carn. The young man, who was both a [Lord], [Warrior], and junior [Mage] had dueled twice. Both times, he’d not even cast a spell but beaten his opponents with his sword.
“What about you—Carn, isn’t it? Think your sword’s fast enough to beat my spells? Let’s see a disarming spell versus that sword!”
Reham teased. Carn just shook his head.
“I’m not about to cut you.”
Those were fighting words to Reham. He tossed his head as his friends oohed. And began to place bets. Trey saw the challenge and affront in Reham’s eyes.
But what he took to be Carn boasting was just fact. It was obvious that Carn—Calac—would never get Reham to surrender unless he had a blade at the Centaur’s throat. And the Centaur would just keep back.
If Calac actually draws his sword, he’ll cut your leg off. That’s why he won’t fight you.
Trey watched as Reham tried to provoke Carn. And there made his first mistake so far on his undercover mission.
Trey’s ability, his talent, was not magic. It was not a cleverness of the tongue or swiftness of the mind. He was…decent at magic. But that was all.
If Trey had one strength, it was the ability to not annoy people. To, put simply, ingratiate or keep from offending people he met. To smile at people he hated, or when they said something he didn’t like.
He’d learned a bit of it with Flos; more with Fetohep and simply being around people like that. It was why he’d honed in on Eldavin’s true nature. Not just the mighty; Trey’s enduring quality had been his ability to keep his true emotions hidden.
It was a talent. Everyone thought they had a perfect mask when they were hiding how much they really hated someone else’s guts, or were bored, or…anything.
They were wrong. Almost everyone had a tell, and Trey had learned to be better than most—thanks to Gazi and his experiences.
However, he had breaking points. And, he was learning, when he really didn’t like something?
It was as obvious as the scowl on his face. Which Reham saw now, because he swung around to the [Sand Mage].
“You don’t look very impressed. Ah! It’s the worm guy! Summoner of intestinal troubles! Now there’s a hex! What about you? Do you want to try me? I’ll use only one hand!”
He laughed and everyone began to notice Trey again. Just when the attention had been dying down. Trey shook his head.
“I don’t duel.”
“Come now. You certainly looked like you thought you had a chance. What about Carn and you together? Sword and worms!”
Sword and sand. Trey felt his jaw clench. He saw the young man look sidelong at him.
“Carn can’t fight you. He’d kill you. He doesn’t know how to pretend to fight.”
He informed the Centaur. Reham recoiled. Tov glanced at Trey and the young man realized his second mistake.
They might not be warriors who knew what it was like to kill people, but no one Reham’s age and temperament would have let that go. The Centaur flicked a wand out of the air.
