8.12 T
Page 21
“Spirited Generation? What’s this?”
He pointed to something in late 2017 and just around early 2018, covering the months of December to early February. Elena somberly looked at it.
“Well, read.”
Trey read. He turned.
“Photos? Video footage of us vanishing?”
“It was just happening when some of the newest arrivals got snatched. Yeah. I don’t know what came after that. But they know.”
Trey stood back. They knew. Earth…knew he was missing?
Something ignited in his chest. A longing. He looked at Elena. She met his eyes, and smiled slightly. Sadly.
“I didn’t know if this would bother you. Some people can’t stand to be here. You’re fine though, aren’t you?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Then—this is darker, but take a look.”
She led him to the last room on the hall. Past rooms where you could ‘hide’ from the [Mages]. Past a room with a punching bag, three rooms which were for people who wanted to pray.
A chapel, a…Trey didn’t know one of the religions written on one of the doors, but he recognized a lot of dominant religions.
The rooms of Earth. At the end of the hall, next to some rooms yet to be used for a purpose, Elena put her hand on the door. The nameplate was simple. It read:
Names Room.
Someone was inside. He looked up as Trey and Elena entered.
“Oh. Hey, guys.”
Aaron took his eyes away from the names written on the wall. His expression, normally amiable or excited when talking about his projects, was somber. Trey looked around.
This was familiar, too. Elena didn’t need to explain.
It was a list of dead Earthers.
Wistram had provided some of the names. Those who had survived where friends or family had not had provided others.
Not all the scraps of paper were written in the same handwriting. Some were shaky, written in another language, or transcribed.
A few were just the names, nothing more. Some were names, dates, descriptions in brief.
“This is the Names Room. If you have anyone…”
Elena trailed off. Aaron nodded at Trey. The young man slowly nodded back. He hesitated, looking at Elena.
“I…no. I haven’t met anyone else.”
A camera flashed in his mind. Trey clenched his fists. But that was A’ctelios Salash. And Troy Atlas had not been there. He looked at the tally. And it was far too many. Over a hundred names already.
A hundred people? He felt his breath coming faster. His head turned around the room.
“Steady.”
Aaron put a hand on his shoulder. Trey saw him and Elena watching, a bit anxiously.
“Like I said. Even less people come here. But we keep it for a reason. Actually…there’s one more thing. Do you want to step—”
“I’m fine.”
Trey said it more harshly than he intended. Elena nodded. She pointed and he tore his eyes away from the lists of names. He recognized Sidney’s siblings. And one name that had once been spoken by Gazi. It had struck him.
 
Erin Solstice, Liscor.
 
The most recent addition. Elena offered him something. A book. Inside, he saw, on the first page—
 
Aaron Vanwell. Came to Wistram Academy, became a [Magictech Engineer]. I tried to help.
Elena Othonos. Arrived in Terandria, became a [Beautician]. In the company of the Singer of Terandria, Cara O’Sullivan. Came to Wistram. Tell my parents I love them. Check on my dog for me.
 
If Trey had felt struck in the gut before, now, he felt his stomach drop out of the floor. He knew what this was, too.
“Just in case we don’t make it. You don’t have to write anything.”
He looked up. Elena hovered with Aaron, looking somber. Old. He looked back at the wall of names. The book.
“I—”
Something welled up in him. Trey’s voice was shaky, now.
“I—could I have a moment? I’d like to write…”
