8.12 T
Page 4
Flynn yawned hugely. They were neighbors, and he looked hung over and sleepy. Trey raised an eyebrow.
“Where were you?”
“Drinking. I couldn’t go to school. I wouldn’t even be up if not for Pokey.”
He gestured to the Needlehound Dog, who barked at Trey. He waved at Flynn’s companion and friend, who needed walks and to pee in the morning. They’d met on the way here.
“You don’t want to learn?”
“I mean…the basics, yeah. But I couldn’t take classes. I didn’t get an education like you did. I’m taking a class with the other Earthers later.”
Oh, right. Trey forgot that not everyone had received the grounding in magic he had. Flynn tried to flick his fingers and conjure some sparks. He managed…one. Pokey barked encouragingly.
“Well, I’m late.”
Trey had slept through breakfast, which was too bad because he was hungry. Flynn eyed him.
“You’re not looking well, my man. You didn’t stay long at dinner either, or come after. Not a drinker?”
The young man grimaced and put his hand to his stomach.
“I wouldn’t have minded. But I haven’t been feeling well all week.”
“Huh. Have you gone to the [Healer]’s?”
“No. I’ll go after class. I need to run, Flynn, sorry. I’m late to Eldavin’s morning class.”
Trey began to stride down the hallway, waving apologetically. Flynn gave him a thumbs-up. Even the new Earthers knew how important that was.
Grand Magus Eldavin and the Terras faction were shaking Wistram. Not just him of course. Two more Grand Mages and an Archmage and a Depth Mage from the seas and representatives from other [Mage] schools had arrived and more of Wistram’s graduates were coming by the day.
It was a renaissance in Wistram, according to the older [Mages]. And a free-for-all regarding the Earthers. Trey knew he and Flynn would soon be formally claimed by a faction. He hoped it was Eldavin’s, but in the meantime, the Grand Magus was teaching classes, showing off his magical knowledge.
And Trey was here to learn! And find the last Archmage who was here, but never spoken of. He gritted his teeth with determination. It was a charge laid on him by the King of Destruction.
He could disobey, of course. It had crossed Trey’s mind a dozen times already that he could go to one of the Archmages, or even Telim or one of the [Mages] he’d met and tell them all about the King of Destruction, throw himself on Wistram’s protection and join the Earthers.
But then, what would happen to Teres? And who would burn A’ctelios Salash to rubble? And did he trust Wistram more than Flos Reimarch?
“I’ll do it myself if I have to.”
Trey muttered to himself and Minizi as he strode down the hallways. He grimaced again as the Lifesand Golem rustled in his hood. He felt…Trey put a hand to his stomach and groaned.
 
—-
 
Flynn Patel, a young man from Australia, a [Beast Tamer] who had been a Bronze-rank adventurer before being found by Wistram, looked up as he saw Trey practically sprinting back the way he’d come.
“Troy? What’s up?”
“Bathroom!”
The young man shouted. He disappeared into his room. Flynn shook his head. Pokey copied him.
“Wonder what he ate.”
At least Wistram was so advanced it had a bathroom in the good bedrooms. Magical plumbing. Couldn’t be beat. He went back into his rooms to sleep.
Inside his bathroom, Trey Atwood suffered from what could be described as, ‘annihilation of the bowels’. He had known suffering. Wounds in battle. Gazi beating on him during teaching, the feeling of having his throat slashed open by the Quarass.
This…was not as bad as the last one, but really bad. Trey felt like his insides were coming out. He groaned.
“Minizi…out!”
