8.12 T
Page 30
Feor, the half-Elf who was ancient, wise, and but for Eldavin, the quintessential wise elf-mage of stories.
Nailihuaile, youngest, laughing, playful and sometimes, Trey suspected, dangerously serpentine.
Valeterisa, remarkably ordinary until you saw how much she had given to magic and what she would do to learn more.
Viltach was interesting because of contrast. Some of the Archmages were effortlessly impressive. Feor, for one, and Nailihuaile, as the Star Lamia, were brilliant representations of what people thought Archmages should be.
Verdan and Valeterisa were the opposite. They did not try to look a certain way. They just were and Archmage was a title they wore, not embodied.
Viltach was the one man who aspired to look the part of the three Humans. Thus, his goatee was splendidly trimmed, his hair luxurious, the product of powerful tonics. He was handsome, his robes would have made a [Court Mage] look like a [Pauper], and he wore several choice artifacts to enhance the magical look of him.
The Archmage looked like he could be in his early thirties, probably the product of illusion spells because Trey knew he was at least a decade and a half older.
Trey knew the Earthers hated his guts, by and large. At least, Elena and Aaron did. They regarded Viltach as racist, which in this world was speciesist, and resented being claimed by the Libertarians as proof of Human supremacy.
The [Sand Mage]’s knowledge of Viltach mostly came from talks with others, and the ill-fated battle with Eldavin. He’d quite enjoyed seeing Viltach be knocked flying by Eldavin, but Trey had avoided the Archmage like the plague.
Now, he saw Minizi turn and the Archmage bent.
“This is Lifesand. I wasn’t sure at first. You’ve mastered Lifesand, young Troy Atlas?”
“It’s a Skill I got by accident, Archmage. I’m sorry—I’m at work, and—”
“Ah, punishment?”
Viltach was squatting, staring at Minizi, who had taken a combat pose when she saw him. He recognized her too.
“This is…is this Gazi the Omniscient? It is! Stylized, but wonderful detail.”
He glanced up and Trey’s heart sank further.
“I—”
What was the move here? Trey thought and desperately spoke.
“I—yes, Archmage. I saw her, once.”
“Really.”
Viltach’s brows snapped together. He was more mobile. Not as much as Nailihuaile, but able to squat and stand without having that ponderous care of age that Feor and Verdan had. He regarded Trey.
“Ah, yes. You’re from Hellios, aren’t you? You probably saw the King of Destruction marching through. And the Lifesand?”
Trey had a ring that protected him from appraisal and truth spells. Even so, you had to be careful not to be caught out in a lie. He improvised. Truth, Gazi had told him, was the best lie.
“I—was injured while the King of Destruction was at war, Archmage. It’s a secret; please don’t tell anyone. But I met Gazi the Omniscient and at around that time…”
He slowly lifted his chin. The Archmage of Terandria, self-styled, saw the line across Trey’s throat.
“Ah.”
Viltach breathed out. Trey saw the man stare at the place where the Quarass had slashed him, at the little imitation of the Gazer.
Trey didn’t know what would happen next. Viltach grabbing him and proclaiming that he would be one of the Libertarians because Trey was too valuable? Demanding to know more about the King of Destruction, maybe even sensing the real truth? Taking Minizi like Valeterisa kept trying to do, offering him money for her?
He did not know Viltach. The Archmage looked at him. Then, slowly, he exhaled. He reached out, and gripped Trey’s shoulder gently.
