8.12 T
Page 22
“Here. A quill. Take your time.”
Elena nodded and Aaron passed him one. They gave him space. Trey looked around the room. Slowly, he stared at the book.
He added his name. Troy Atlas. A little message for his family. But that…
That wasn’t him. Nor could he add Teresa. Rather, Trey wrote quickly. Then—he went to the wall. He found one of the pieces of paper and began to write.
The children of A’ctelios Salash joined the names on the wall. Trey pinned them there, hiding them under some other bits of paper. He stared at the writing, so tense that his quill had pierced the paper in two places. He ended the brief description with a message.
Pakeil. May still be alive. They will be avenged.
He left the room after that. Why had he come to Wistram? What motivated him more than the King of Destruction’s grand dream?
It was that.
 
—-
 
Afterwards, Elena and Aaron treated Trey to a light drink. It was the thing to do, after all that.
“Sorry for laying it on you. But you held it really well.”
“How many people are…trying to figure it out?”
“Just a handful. Most don’t want to think about it. Or block it out, it seems like. You have to really think about home all the time. I can’t blame them—but someone has to. Listen, it’s not all bad. We know more are out there. That Canada [Reporter], the [Popstar]—and there’s a rumor in the Revivalists that someone found a [Doctor] in Baleros. Wistram’s checking it out.”
Trey took a sip from the glass, tasting a fruit beverage with a hint of something stronger in it.
“You knew her, right, Elena? That’s what Flynn told me.”
Elena half-smiled.
“Cara? Oh yes. And believe me—if we weren’t stuck in Wistram, I’d say we should all join her. She’s…great. Sort of difficult to be around, but we have a safe place and the Archmages aren’t going to hear about it from me.”
“Really?”
Aaron and Trey leaned in. Elena clamped her lips shut.
“Sorry. I told you, Aaron, but no one will ever know. And I don’t know where it is. Cara set it up. And she sent me here—she’s not trusting Wistram. But like I said, she found a way to protect people. She’s tough.”
“What’s she like?”
Elena was happy to tell stories about Cara. Not all who had come from Earth had been dragged around, or suffered until they were saved.
“She’s the highest-level Earther in this world, I’ll bet anything. Yeah, she’s singing songs from Earth, but she essentially created her business and image. She’s seen combat—that was before I met her. And I saw some stuff. But there are others who went through fire. A real odyssey, even. Have you met Sang? Sorry, that’s his nickname. Sang-min? Korea.”
“No. Wait…is he the one with the scar…”
Trey had seen a young man with a scar running down his shoulder across his chest. Aaron and Elena nodded.
“You should ask him what he did. He doesn’t mind retelling it. Apparently, he landed in Terandria. First thing he did was become a [Mercenary]. Earned enough gold to buy passage to Wistram when he heard we were here. Apparently, he’d just passed his army training so he was ready. You know, they have mandatory military service there?”
“Really? Wow.”
“And you made it out of Hellios with full [Mage]’s gear and an education. While the King of Destruction was rampaging across Chandrar. You’re no slouch yourself.”
Aaron commented. Trey lifted a cup to his lips automatically.
“It wasn’t much. I was lucky, that was all.”
“Do you mind talking about it? You haven’t said much in the therapy sessions.”
Trey hesitated.
“I don’t have much to talk about.”
He lied. Elena gave him a knowing look while Aaron nodded, oblivious.
“But you have seen battle?”
