8.13 F
Page 32
He was just looking at her. More intently than the [Fist Fighter]-turned-[Boxer] had ever really done. He had seen Fierre as someone he didn’t need to think twice about.
Now? Garia slapped her knees and Fierre jumped. The [Martial Artist] grinned.
“I knew it. I just knew Ryoka didn’t have normal friends! Er—sorry.”
She looked at Fierre. The Vampire laughed, despite herself. She looked at Alber.
“No one’s going to tell? Please? Not even other people.”
Garia, Alber, and Mrsha all shook their heads. Apista rotated horizontally in the air. They looked serious. Fierre felt something stir in her chest. Alber she hadn’t been certain about, but…
“How much?”
Ulvama rubbed two clawed fingers together as she put aside the tin. Mrsha darted over and pushed her into the lake.
Beavers.
Fierre looked at Alber. He just studied her, and then smiled.
“So that’s why you stayed at Madain’s inn.”
“Yep. Secrets. Everyone has some.”
Ryoka, Fierre—Garia in a way had her parents. Mrsha nodded. She had tons. She began to write some down to share.
“What about you? Are you a…related to a [Lord]? A [Magician]? Something?”
He gave it some thought. Alber sat cross-legged in the grass in the [Garden of Sanctuary] for a moment. At last, he opened his eyes and looked at Fierre.
“…I can fit six boiled eggs into my mouth at once.”
Fierre stared at him, and then began to giggle. Garia laughed and so did Alber, after a moment. Mrsha rolled around on the ground, until Ulvama picked her up and began dunking her head-first in the lake while holding her legs.
The secret spread. Fierre would be more cautious in the future. Probably. But she was learning, about herself, how to fight, how to be a newer Fierre.
Ryoka’s secret she kept. Nor would she make more mistakes. She would not hunt people in the streets, that was for sure, even murderers and criminals. She had a choice of how she wanted to embrace her heritage.
She was Ryoka’s best friend. A Vampire of honor. Fierre built around that. She would see what happened.
She owed her strange friend from Earth so much. And that was what Fierre concentrated on. Ryoka made enemies like other people passed water. Fierre would prey on no people.
But she’d drink Ryoka’s enemies dry. Down to the last drop.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Vampires! Vampires! Vampires? Look, this is all I’ve got.
Hi, I’m tired. If you thought of a Dad-joke, please leave.
I finished the revision. I’m learning, but mainly, at this moment in time, I’m wiped. There is one more chapter, and I’ll be back on the 30th, so the breaks might come more mid-month from now on.
All this to say that this was an interim-sort of chapter. Not as strenuous as the one I had planned, which was good because everyone needs a break. I’ll see you on Saturday for one more big chapter before I go. Hope you’ve enjoyed the editing process and these chapters! We’ll do another one—but in a few months! Gotta recharge.
See you next time! Relax! Take breaks! Drink blood? Thanks for reading.
 
The Garden of Sanctuary by Enuryn the [Naturalist]!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/enuryn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Enuryn_Nat
  
 

