8.13 F
Page 16
A [Martial Artist]. Alber let his guard down at the start. And it only took one punch.
Fierre saw the [Boxer] put up the cross-arm block as the bell rang. Garia leapt forwards, and it was a good step-in. She saw Alber’s eyes widen, but he had his arms making a cross, a strong punch-blocker. She raised her fist—
Whumph. Fierre winced. She’d sparred with Garia at the Strongheart farm during a visit. Garia was as strong as Fierre. And she’d just used a Skill.
[Launching Strike]. Alber absorbed the punch. She thought he’d used [Arms: Impact Shield], which could have made his arms as strong as a steel shield for a second. He’d also pivoted to take the punch full-on.
So his arms didn’t break or even bruise. None of that stopped the other effect of the Skill.
Alber went flying. Garia’s [Enhanced Strength], her [Martial Artist]’s Skill—and Alber’s back step during the punch culminated in him going flying. He lost his block, flailed his arms once as Fierre saw him fly out of the ring—
And with a crash, he sailed through the glass frontage of a store eight paces behind the boxing ring. The expensive glass rained down around him as he went back-first through it.
Garia, who had been smiling, lost the smile. Fierre stared as the horrified [Shopkeeper], who’d been watching the fight, stared at Alber. The young man was trying to brush glass, which was cutting his skin, off him.
In the silence, Fierre slowly grabbed the [Bet Taker]’s arm so he couldn’t run off with her money.
 
—-
 
The money she’d won from the bet went into the glass window. Glass was expensive, so Alber’s taking for the day, the bet money, and Garia and Fierre all chipped in.
It went to winning thanks from both. Garia was shamefaced—and so was Alber, for underestimating his opponent.
“I’m so sorry. I heard there was a [Fist Fighter] and I’d never used that Skill.”
“It’s fine.”
It probably wasn’t. That was a lot of money to be out for Alber who lived day-to-day, but the young man was taciturn all the time Fierre had known him.
For instance, he’d barely grunted as acknowledgement when he’d seen Fierre, for all it was a shock to both.
“Heard about Ryoka. Good she’s okay. Nice to see you.”
They’d had a drink afterwards, in the closest pub. Ironically, the [Tavern Diver] and his mates had wanted to haul Alber off, figuring that if you couldn’t beat him, the [Boxer] was their best friend, and possible second in a bar fight.
Garia Strongheart got to him first.
“I’m really sorry about that. You know Ryoka too? Small world! Why don’t you come to my farm? Come on, my father loves to meet people who fight with their fists. Come over for dinner! They love it when I visit and it’s through the magical door.”
“I’m fine.”
“I insist.”
And she’d practically dragged him with her. Ryoka had once told Fierre that Garia was shy, but kind. Fierre didn’t see it. The young woman seemed forthright enough to her.
She invited Fierre too, but the Vampire girl declined. Mainly because she had no desire to drink a second time with the [Pirate] and [Green Mage], and also because she needed to sort her thoughts out. Alber wasn’t that great a conversationalist, anyways.
What made Fierre really decline was uh—uh—she hurried back to The Wandering Inn and her room and shut the door.
Gaah! Why do I want to drink his blood so badly? And hers?
Both Garia and Alber were driving her Vampire-sense crazy. And with that desire had come a realization. Fierre…would not mind drinking Alber’s blood. Or doing other things.
Which led her to a grave, nay, terrible realization.
