8.13 F
Page 5
She’d leapt on his back and borne him down, even so. She was fast! But he was fast too, and had ripped a knife out of his sleeve. He’d slashed—she’d tried to hit him but the knife was so quick she’d realized she had to hit him with all her strength even if she got slashed. Unless he got her heart or throat or face—
She’d drawn back a fist and fallen over. Limp, Fierre had lain on the ground as the man threw her off him. She heard the voice behind her as the [Mage] shed his [Camouflage] spell. He’d crept up on them as they fought.
“[Paralysis Touch]. She nearly got you.”
The [Mugger] spat. He lurched to his feet and kicked Fierre in the chest. He turned to his accomplice.
“Bitch. One of the fuckin’ Sisters you think…? She nearly tore my arm off!”
The other [Spell Ambusher] looked up and down the street.
“Didn’t see a shadow. Grab or stab?”
“Grab. Let’s get her. She down?”
“Yep. I’ll cast [Sleep].”
They busied themselves as Fierre’s head fell back, grabbing arms and legs. They were halfway out of the alley when the [Mage] saw the clawed hand shoot up and grab his neck. Fierre squeezed.
The [Mugger] dropped her legs with a shout of horror as she took the other man’s throat. This time he didn’t even stop but whirled on his heels. Fierre took him with a single leap. She tossed him back into the alley and ran over to kick him in the chest until he stopped moving. Then she’d slid down a wall, panting, until she realized she could not stay here with two corpses. She’d drunk their blood and fled, panting and cursing her idiocy.
Only two things had saved Fierre that night. The first was the [Mage] failing to reapply the [Paralysis Touch] and trusting to [Sleep] instead. She’d not been completely immobilized by the first spell, but they could have killed her. She’d gathered her strength as the spell quickly wore off to kill him.
The second thing that saved her was the fact that they hadn’t been high-level. If they had? Fierre had shuddered all the way back to her rooms in The Wandering Inn.
Idiot! You nearly got killed! If they got you—if that [Mage] had been ten levels higher—
At the same time, a plaintive thought had rung through her head all night, until she finally got to sleep.
But aren’t I supposed to be strong?
 
—-
 
A few more things. Fierre was an inch taller. She stared at herself in the mirror and checked again, but she looked taller. Even…older.
“Why?”
The answer was obvious. The blood. She’d drunk both criminals’ blood, and then slashed their necks with the dagger to hide the evidence. It had been foul, but she’d been hungry, hence the stunt to begin with.
What had happened, though, was not Fierre becoming a Level 2 [Mugger] or [Mage]. Rather, she’d tasted the blood, gulped it down, but hated it. Foul, disgusting!
She hadn’t heard the level-ups. Fierre, a Level 7 [Assassin], learned something that moment about her species and about how they leveled up.
You could refuse to absorb levels. Something about the two men had been repugnant, so Fierre had only taken their blood.
This was the result.
“Blood or levels.”
Fierre eyed herself. She had always been scrawny, short, and sick. Now, she was an inch taller, and healthier by far—if still pale. All because she’d killed two men, and before that, fed on numerous [Assassins] after the battle in Invrisil’s streets.
