8.13 F
Page 28
The Watch patrol accompanying Jeck was politely waiting in the common room while he interviewed Montressa, Bezale, and then Fierre, one at a time. They were the only people who’d been through to Invrisil. He’d done Kevin by the time Fierre arrived.
“Waste of time.”
Bezale grumbled as Montressa exited the room. It was ten minutes for her, and the Minotauress. Fierre was paralyzed.
If she ran, they’d know. She knew the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings were keeping watch, but they weren’t going to stop a Watch investigation.
She’d have to fight. If Jeck found out—they’d search her and know. She’d lie. Lie! And if she had to fight, she’d count on the Brothers to fight the watch patrol. There were only six. How strong was Jeck, though? He looked high-level.
She couldn’t read his level with her Ring of Appraisal, so he had to be strong. She wasn’t ready!
Fierre didn’t want…
“Miss Fierre? This won’t take but a moment.”
The Dog Beastkin smiled at her as the Vampire girl sat down across from him.
“Don’t be nervous.”
He was reading Fierre, eyes sharp, flicking to her face, her body—Fierre tried to act normal.
“I’m sorry. I just don’t interact with the Watch much.”
“Really? I would have thought an Opener at least knew Reizmelt’s Watch. We make use of your people’s services when we have to.”
She jumped.
“I—an Opener? I don’t know what—”
The [Tracker] sighed.
“Miss Lischelle. May I call you Fierre?”
She nodded dumbly. He knew her name, her identity—Jeck went on.
“If you’re worried about your profession, I’m just here investigating the two murders. Your class is not going to get you arrested.”
He eyed her as Fierre tried to relax and smile. She did a better job of it now; her heart was thundering, but she didn’t perspire. She knew how to lie. She had lied in plenty of encounters with the Watch and Gangs, in high-stakes scenarios.
Stakes, oh, slap me with sunshine. Why did I have to think about stakes?
She’d lied, but never about being a Vampire. And her guilt in this case was clear. He was going to use a truth spell and that would be that. She couldn’t stop that.
Was she going to have to fight? He had to have enchanted weapons. She couldn’t beat Garia.
“Just a few questions, Miss Fierre. We only need to cross you off our list of investigations.”
“Really? About the two dead men?”
“Exactly. If I can get you to swear on a truth stone you’ve never heard of them, no knowledge of what happened, and so on, I’ll be gone. Shall we begin?”
“I—of course. But this is the second time I’ve had to talk to an officer, you know. Don’t your records show that I’ve already been asked? The night it happened, actually.”
Jeck blinked. He rifled through his report.
“Really? By whom?”
“A Guardswoman. On the way back to the inn. I must have been close by the place…I think it was those two. Two men?”
What are you doing? You idiot! Idiot!
What else was she supposed to say? Lie—before he used the truth stone! She watched the Dog Beastkin check through his papers.
“I see. That’s…not recorded. Mixups happen. You’re sure you were investigated about this particular crime, Miss Fierre? Truly?”
He looked up. Fierre met his eyes with all the desperate genuine innocence she did not have. Jeck’s eyes felt like they were boring into her soul and uncovering her guilt. Did he have Skills? [Detect Guilt]? Why hadn’t she prepared?
Fool. This was how it all ended. So…stupid…
Her eyes burned with unshed tears. Fierre kept her mask up. She tried to keep her gaze from wavering.
They locked gazes for ten seconds. Then twenty. Too late, Fierre realized she had made another rookie mistake.
