8.13 F
Page 17
Oh no. It’s not just Ryoka. Or women. I’m attracted to anything with a pulse!
That was an exaggeration, of course. Fierre would rather have sucked the blood of a Shield Spider than the [Tavern Diver]’s. But Alber? Alber and Garia were both uh, possessed of strong blood flow. You could see it under their muscles. Lovely veins…she’d love to taste them, even when they were covered in sweat or a bit of grime. Especially then?
Aaah! Stop it!
Vampires liked that kind of thing, like Selphids. Fierre was realizing all kinds of things about herself.
However, the biggest revelation was yet to come. Because she’d come back early after the encounter, Fierre found herself having dinner in The Wandering Inn.
They still had food there. Guests got breakfast; they could get dinner. It had been an abandoned place recently, but this night, Fierre smelled cooking and found Imani serving people around the tables.
Numbtongue was there. So was Selys, who had accompanied Mrsha and Ulvama all day. Mrsha was gobbling something called a pilau rice dish, without even the decency to have bloody meat in it. It still smelled good to Fierre.
She surprised them all.
“Fierre? I haven’t seen you in—a week!”
Guiltily, the guests and staff realized that Fierre had been neglected, but she waved it away and told them about Garia.
“She did go through to Invrisil. And you’re working there?”
“Mhm. Is this free to eat for anyone here? I can find something else.”
“No, stay! You’re a guest, of course! Mrsha, stop gobbling.”
The Gnoll had no Lyonette to halt her, and Ulvama was eating just as fast with her claws. Amused, Fierre sat down. She had no satiety needs from this food, but good cooking she still liked. Rice was unusual in Izril, so she savored the bites.
There were a lot of guests for one of the first communal-dinners in The Wandering Inn since…well, Numbtongue had been coaxed out of the garden. Palt was helping serve food with Imani, Ishkr was doing likewise, Drassi had finished her shift at Wistram News Network.
Here were Joseph, Troydel, Leon, Kevin…Fierre’s eyes narrowed slightly as she realized Rose and Galina were now gone. Octavia, bloodshot, smelling of burnt cloth, was muttering about Battle Draughts.
There were even the three Lizardfolk, who merrily tried to tease Mrsha by stealing her food. Hexel was out, but even Montressa and Bezale were there.
Fierre indulged in the community of it all. Everyone was catching up. And that’s when it happened.
“So, Invrisil’s scheduled the first soccer game against a smaller city tomorrow—and baseball vs Liscor in four days.”
“I wonder if Wistram News Network will cover it? It might not be as big, sorry, Joseph.”
The Earther shrugged as Drassi leaned over. Ulvama snorted at the sports as she casually grabbed Mrsha’s little pudding off her plate. The Gnoll stared at the empty plate, and then head-butted Ulvama in the side. Undeterred, the [Shaman] ate it, as Mrsha tried to drag at her arm. I am bigger! I eat your food if I want!
Fierre watched Kevin yawning over his plate as Troy whispered to him.
“Wings, Kevin. Did you help her with the glider? Can you at least look over this?”
“Troy, my dude. If this is something stupid—Rose isn’t here, but I’ll ask Bezale to hit you.”
The Minotauress looked up and Troy, exasperated, shuffled something into his belt pouch. Montressa ignored that as she leaned over Mrsha sulking in Selys’ arms as the Drake promised another pudding.
