8.13 F
Page 13
“Let me stop you there. If I get any, it’s what I drink. No offense, but I’m not bleeding them like animals. I don’t know how, and there’s no time. If you’re curious…don’t cause trouble. Not here, and not for us.”
She was astonished to find Vaulont the Vampire-Assassin was straight-laced as they came. It was probably why he’d spared Ryoka, for that matter.
Some Vampires, especially the young ones, tended to experiment when they got a chance. They drank Human blood, or other people’s, hoping against hope it would help them. Now Fierre knew it would not, but she and Rivel had gone through that phase, paying for blood, figuring out ways to obtain it.
It didn’t taste better unless you were cured, and the adults looked on the act with mingled understanding and deep wariness. Vaulont fixed Fierre with a look.
“You may have left Reizmelt to be freer of your family’s influence, but even three Vampires in Invrisil are too many to put at risk. Understand?”
“Look, I was just asking. I’d never do anything myself.”
Fierre flushed at the upbraiding. Vaulont relaxed slightly and took another shot. It was hard to get Vampires drunk and Fierre had consigned the entire bottle of scotch to this meeting.
“Fine. Neither of us are children. I understand. It won’t taste good.”
To you. Fierre was beginning to dislike his parental attitude. She spread her hands.
“That’s why I came to you. I thought if anyone…”
“I know. I get asked that all the time. I can’t. I could get you a cup, maybe…if you really want one taste, let me know. Otherwise, I don’t want you playing at drinking.”
The young woman was regretting bringing it up. And she realized something else.
Vaulont’s victims might be [Merchants], non-combat classes. I can’t vet them and he’ll be suspicious if I keep wanting more, even if I play it off as a fetish. Damn.
“Maybe once. Although if it’s not different…I want to know. Sorry. What’s ‘playing at drinking’?”
The assassin toyed with the shot glass as he grimaced.
“Sneaking into a house or after a night with someone—a bit of sleep dust, a healing potion, and a bite. What, you’ve never heard of it?”
The Opener’s mouth opened. She had two thoughts at the same time, right on top of one another. The first was an image of her creeping into a target’s home, and picking who she wanted. It would be easy. That’s surely how Vampires did it.
It would be convenient, if I was careful and covered my tracks…
I can’t do that!
The second thought was louder. She heard it, and it came from being a Lischelle-Drakle. From her family. That sounded—wrong.
Vaulont saw it on her face. And at last, he grinned, baring his teeth.
“Good. You’d be surprised at how many bastards I’ve met who do that for fun. Sport. Let’s…talk about something better. You were there. Can you tell me about Reizmelt? I’m out of steady work and everyone’s trying to kill me.”
“I—sure. Well, if you want to visit, my father’s always welcoming…”
 
—-
 
Strangely, Fierre had a realization from that meeting. And that was that she was not a monster. The idea of creeping into people’s houses, draining them—
She didn’t want to be that kind of Vampire. She could rationalize killing the two criminals, albeit in aggravated self-defense, and the [Assassins]. But she did not want to go further than that.
But how was she going to get blood? She was already starting to crave it after only a day.
Being a moral Vampire sucks. And not in a good way.
