8.13 F
Page 29
Keeping his gaze without blinking! One of the easiest signs of a liar! Blinking too much or not at all, idiot! Only Nagas and Dullahans do that!
This was it. She—she’d say she was an [Assassin]. He could verify that. She’d take her anti-appraisal ring off, claim…it would be a mess. However, she feared Jeck would ask too much and then she’d have to kill him and run, run far and fast as she could unless all of her kind was exposed…
Would Vaulont kill him for me?
All these things passed in Fierre’s mind at once. Her eyes burned. She couldn’t look away from Jeck. He sniffed the air. Fierre clenched her hands so hard her nails cut her flesh.
Why can’t you just believe me?
Her eyes…hurt…Fierre saw Jeck’s eyes widen. And then—
 
—-
 
The door slammed open. The [Senior Guardswoman] on the patrol looked up, hand shifting to her sword. Jeck had warned her, confidentially, that this might actually lead to an arrest.
“Investigator?”
She used Jeck’s title. The Dog Beastkin stomped out of the room, and the Watch patrol readied themselves for…
“I’m terribly sorry, Miss Fierre. We’ll be on our way. Squad, with me.”
The [Tracker] grumpily marched them towards the door as the [Server], Ishkr, went ahead of them. The [Senior Guardswoman] leaned in.
“Did you find your suspect, sir?”
“No. And I want a word with the Watch Captain or whoever’s in charge of coordinating these things! It was a waste of time.”
“Sir?”
He growled at her, vexed.
“You idiots. Double-check where our other teams go! Someone already asked her.”
Oh. The [Guards] relaxed, looking annoyed or embarrassed or rolling their eyes. Jeck shook his head, and they erased Fierre and the inn from the possible suspects.
There was no chance Jeck had made a mistake. Of course he’d been using a truth spell in his interrogations. It was unthinkable that an expert [Urban Tracker] and [Watchman] like him would ever slip up. If he suspected Fierre or the [Mages] could break a truth spell, he’d have suspicions even with a pass.
Fierre was undoubtedly in the clear.
 
—-
 
Fierre had to use the outhouse, urgently, after the encounter. As she sat on the toilet, she had a few thoughts.
I need to watch out for people who can resist mind-effects like Ryoka.
And—
I have my mother’s eyes.
The power of Vampires had manifested. Not just her body’s superior attributes. Forget that. Her heritage had awakened. Fierre had gained the power that Colfa possessed weakly. Yet her daughter had all the strength denied to the silver-poisoned Vampires of the Lischelle-Drakle clan.
Eyes of Charm.
 
—-
 
Jeck let the patrol go after they returned to Invrisil. He filed a report and a complaint that would no doubt be ignored, and huffed out of the Watch House.
He met someone afterwards, just for a moment. It wasn’t an inconspicuous meeting. You couldn’t hide in a crimson leather overcoat, or with the flashy hat and manner of Delanay d’Artien.
“Well?”
The Emergency Runner was frowning. Jeck shrugged. The [Tracker] sniffed the air, coughing at all the scents.
“No good. Someone interviewed her first. Under truth spell and everything.”
Delanay’s face fell.
“You’re sure?”
“Am I a professional or what?”
Jeck snapped. The young woman had explained it all and he’d tested her with a truth stone. No signs of a liar there. He’d thought so, but it had been just the Opener class. He rubbed at his furred forehead as Delanay sighed.
“Okay, it was just a hunch. Damn. Sorry for wasting your time. I guess she’s off the list.”
“Favor for a favor. Don’t mention it.”
