8.13 F
Page 15
He exploded out with the punch, fast, using his reach and full body’s weight behind the blow. Fierre saw, with her ring, Alber’s class and level appear in her vision.
Level 28 [Boxer].
He swayed out of range of the uppercut and countered the man so fast everyone but Fierre barely saw it. The Vampire gasped as the man stumbled. He was huge, though, and Alber weighed maybe half his weight? He turned with a roar—
[Lightning Jab]! [Flurry of Blows]! [Full-Weight Counter]! Fierre read the Skills a moment before they came out. Alber struck the man with his left, dancing back, then ducked a swing and unloaded on the man’s belly. He used the final Skill as another big swing came at him. He lunged in and put all of his weight behind a fist to the man’s stomach.
Not his chin. The drink and whatever the man had been eating came up as people groaned or cheered. Fierre watched as the [Tavern Diver] shoved away hands and came up again. He was tough!
But Alber took him apart in the little ring. He ducked, weaving, blocking some punches, letting the other fighter tire himself out. What was it called?
Rope-a-dope? Fierre had laughed the first time she’d heard the expression. But she knew what he was doing. Jabs with his left, footwork, even the way he held his gloves was changed from the [Fist Fighter]’s self-taught style. It had changed because of Ryoka.
Moreover, Fierre watched with open mouth as Alber’s seventh opponent went down and no one stepped up to challenge him. She reached for her notes and wrote something down slowly.
[Fist Fighter] and possibly unarmed Skills are available to use in each fight, not time-limited. Or extremely-fast time activation.
Alber had used the same Skills in bout after bout.
“No one else? No one at all?”
The [Bet Taker] was shouting, trying to drum up another easy win. Yet Alber had overplayed his hand for the day; no one else wanted to try it after the [Tavern Diver] had gone down. Men emptied a day’s pay into hats, looking sullen or admiring by turns at Alber. He’d need to find a new spot to ply his trade tomorrow.
The [Boxer] looked around. He nodded at Fierre and began to collect his share of the winnings as she waited to talk to him.
“I’ll take him on! What’s the fee, one silver? I’ll bet on myself too!”
Heads turned. The [Bet Taker] brightened up. And because he was a [Bet Taker], not a [Bookie], he misjudged his mark.
The City Runner who strode into the ring made Fierre’s head swivel around. Another familiar face!
Garia Strongheart wasn’t dressed as provocatively as Ulvama, but if you looked, you could see abdominal muscles. And she was a [Farmer].
Alber’s head snapped up. Fierre began to find silver coins. She walked over to the [Bet Taker] as people encouraged Alber to take it easy on Garia!
“Don’t fight him, girl! He’ll knock you down! He’s merciless to women and men both!”
“I want to try!”
Garia grinned. She looked around for gloves, but Alber was the only one who had any. She eyed him.
“Are you okay if I hit you? I’ve got a good punch! No kicking?”
“You can try for a larger fee. But a fair fight’s only punches.”
He shrugged. Fierre recalled that against weaker opponents, Alber didn’t even bother to restrict kicks.
“Only punches, then.”
Fierre placed her bet. Alber didn’t notice; he was sipping a stamina potion, not even going for the healing potion though he’d taken two decent swings.
He was making a mistake. Garia was probably a good amount under Alber’s weight…but looks were deceiving.
She was a [Farmer]’s daughter. A [Pirate]’s daughter.
Also?
