8.13 F
Page 12
“Fancy some liver? I have a good sausage I’ve been dying to share with some cheese.”
Obvious stuff like that. You mentioned a blood-related dish and they knew who you were. It wasn’t like many people looked for Vampires. Then again…
The Vampire assassin lowered his cup. He was an [Assassin] in name—not practice. Fierre had bought a Ring of Appraisal that morning and he was blank. But she was smart enough to know that his ‘anti-appraisal’ ring was actually the truth. He nodded at her, relaxing as she gestured the Golem to wait outside.
“Nice drink. Stiff. Smokey. What’s this, a scotch?”
“Reizmelt, yep.”
He took another sip. His fangs, his entire posture, was business-like, not flirtatious. Relaxed more than anything. Fierre was glad. Some Vampires you met just thought you were interested in meeting your own kind. Well, a lot of marriages happened because of that.
But this fellow understood.
“Vaulont is my name here. Vaulont the Ash—I turn all my victims to ash.”
“Ah, smart.”
He nodded, with a dry smile.
“A perk of the job. Anyways. I can’t promise I’ll hold to blood-ties here. I’m not accepting offers on one of us—but I can’t watch your back. You understand?”
“Of course!”
Who’d demand another Vampire to cover for them just because we’re the same species? Has someone done that? Fierre was insulted by the suggestion. Vaulont relaxed a hair further.
“I didn’t go after Ryoka—the Wind Runner as well. I backed out. Glad she survived. I wasn’t going to cross blades with the Faces. I’m amazed she made it.”
“I know. I’d have never asked otherwise. I wanted to thank you for that.”
“We owe her.”
The assassin shrugged again. Fierre nodded.
They knew. If not all of it, enough. He spat.
“Silver in the water. If anyone puts out a hit on House Byres, especially that [Knight]—I’m taking it for coppers. I’ve lived every day of my life with scars I got from rashes as a child. My entire family died early. Silver.”
“I know. Do you have plans? My family’s debating moving.”
He shrugged, moodily.
“Aside from eating charcoal like it’s a snack? I have no roots.”
“Oh.”
“Forget about it. Listen. While we’re talking about them, watch out for a Delanay d’Artien. He’s an Emergency Runner and he’s one of the old families. Dresses like a giant target. Red leather, crossbow—but he’s smart.”
“Understood, thank you. Anyone else?”
“Huh. Reinhart was what I’d say. Don’t mess with her business. Her servants are no joke. But they leave the Gangs alone if they don’t cause trouble. But she’s gone south. Her [Gardener] though—that one’s killed more Faces than you’d expect. Idiots don’t see a high-level [Druid], just an angry [Gardener].”
“Also got it.”
They were swapping the Vampire’s essential info. There were multiple reasons Fierre had invited Vaulont, though. After a moment, he slid her a bit of parchment.
“There are three of us in Invrisil. Two natural-born. Wife and husband run this [Butcher]’s. Export elsewhere.”
“Ah, wonderful.”
Fierre lied. She would never drink animal blood unless she had to again. She’d had to dig out some of the ‘safe’ blood from her packs just to host Vaulont. He was sipping the blood greedily.
“This is good stuff. Fresh. I have to use days-old stuff on the job, until a kill. And they’re not always private with time to harvest. So, how can I help you?”
“Actually…that was what I wanted to talk to you about. I’m far from home, and I, uh…I’m curious.”
The assassin’s eyes sharpened. Fierre lied to him as she went for her first source of…blood.
“You want a share of what I get?”
“I’m just curious—”
