8.14 N
Page 26
Sharpstick bellowed as the Goblin war band opened fire. Goblins carrying crossbows and bows began to loose from their positions. They were firing at range on both teams.
 
—-
 
“Evasive! [Unit: Speed Wing]!”
The Garuda and two Oldbloods whirled away. The adventurers on the ground weren’t so lucky. Chana threw up a barrier only for three Thunderbow bolts to overload the spell. A bolt caught her in the leg and she screamed, falling down.
“Get to cover!”
“Get the Titan! What are you doing?”
Nomen shouted at his team and Niers. The little Fraerling was still laughing. Nomen wanted to grab at him, but the Goblins had them pinned and more were flanking.
“More are coming! It’s a damned tribe!”
The [Ranger] loosed an arrow as Chana screamed, dragging the bolt out of her leg and taking a huge chunk of flesh. The Gnoll slapped a potion on the wound.
How? Bevussa whirled through the air, seeing even more clearly than the [Ranger]. Goblins were marching down the High Passes, at least sixty so far—and more in the distance! Coming out of camouflaged bases.
But why were they attacking? She looked down.
The Titan of Baleros twisted open the bars of his cage. He had to hop across the ground.
Crutch, he needed a crutch. He ignored the projectiles showering down around him. His armor could take one hit. Niers still laughed, with maniacal humor as fury filled him.
He was the same small Fraerling. Only, with one difference.
He was using his Skills.
 
—-
 
“Sharpstick attacking adventurers?”
Rags heard the scrambled report and lurched out of her gloom. She shot to her feet. Half of Goblinhome was already making ready for war.
But she had not ordered it! She ran through the fortress in time to find Redscar. The Goblin snarled at her as his Redfangs mounted up. Across from him, the [Wyvern Riders] led by Snapjaw were doing the same.
“Chieftain! Coming with?”
“No! Stop! Why is Sharpstick attacking?”
The Goblins froze as the [Chieftain] barked. They looked at her.
“Chieftain’s orders!”
“Not my orders.”
Rags saw Redscar’s eyes widen. But how—?
She felt a pit open in her stomach.
 
—-
 
[False Orders]. Niers Astoragon found a snapped crossbow bolt and shrugged. Crutch obtained.
“We have to get out of here, Nomen!”
The Gold-ranks were seeing more Goblins flanking them from the cliffs. They were opening up—but two Gold-rank teams were fighting back. A [Fireball] blasted the cliff and Goblins took shelter.
“[Volley of Arrows]!”
The half-Elf tossed up eighteen arrows and shot them up, arcing them down on Goblin positions. The [Thief] hurled a bag to the ground and smoke enveloped their position.
“The Titan! Grab him!”
Nomen was crawling towards Niers, heedless of the fighting. The Titan narrowed his eyes. He could sense everything through the smoke. [Foe Sensor]. He casually hobbled left as the [Warrior]’s gauntleted hands swept the ground.
“You bastard! Where are you? What have you done?”
Nomen coughed in the smoke. He heard a cold voice from his left.
“Me? One Skill. Here’s another, you stupid little brat.”
The [Warrior] lunged. He missed. Niers had hopped away with his remaining Boot of the Grasshopper. Yet Nomen had his sword and Niers wanted his sword. The Wings of Pallass, high above, were shouting down.
“Nomen! Get your team out of here!”
Chana howled up at them.
“We can’t! Get rid of those giant crossbows!”
“No, get out of here! You have monsters incoming!”
The first wave of screaming Eater Goats crashed down on the team a second later.
 
—-
 
“Dead gods.”
