8.14 N
Page 24
No longer fun. It had not been. Nearly dying, the ambush, had not been, nor fighting for his life against insects, eating bugs, surviving mudslides, hiking for days and nights like a younger man. However, it had been by another token. He had felt younger, and in arrogance, tried to do it without using his Skills. Without taking the threat seriously.
His leg was gone. Niers stared at it. His pleasant smile widened.
Bevussa felt a prickle on her feathers. She was trying to talk to Nomen, but she could not look away.
Not from him. The living legend. The Titan.
He looked far, far too calm for someone who had just lost a limb.
She felt like her [Dangersense] was going off. Yet it was intuition.
“Excuse me.”
The Titan interrupted the muffled conversation. The adventurers turned to him. The Fraerling smiled about.
“I’d just like to make a request.”
“Er—of course, sir? Lord Astoragon? You are our—guest. Do you need food?”
Nomen stuttered, at odds with Niers being a functional prisoner and his awe. Bevussa just waited. Niers nodded.
“Yes, yes indeed. I appreciate you wanting to stay alive and keep the money. However, I, personally, have come to a decision. I will not be ferried back and handed over to the Iron Vanguard and have to negotiate or trick my way to freedom. I’m tired. I want a Potion of Regrowth, or a magic leg, and I will not sit in this cage.”
The adventurer captain licked his lips.
“I’m afraid, Lord—”
Niers’ smile widened. Nomen fell silent. The [Strategist] kept speaking.
“I can appreciate ambition. So, here is my offer. Let me out and I will pay you double the current bounty to take me to my destination. I will commend you and make you famous for rescuing the Titan. However, there will be no double-dealings. Both your teams can be rich, and I will help you fend off any problems that may occur.”
The two Gold-rank teams looked at each other. Bevussa stirred at last.
“Nomen? Sounds like a good offer.”
She raised her brows, trying to hint to him…the younger man hesitated. He had gold in his eyes.
“Let’s discuss it. Lord Astoragon, just a s—”
“No.”
Again, the Titan interrupted. He looked past Nomen, at Bevussa.
“I am not giving you an offer, young man. I am giving you a choice. Listen to me. I am asking you…nicely…to indulge me. I have had a bad day. Let me out. Now. Or you will regret it.”
Wrong move. Bevussa saw the female [Wizard]’s eyes flick to the [Thief]. He shook his head behind Niers’ back. Nomen saw, and his features firmed.
The implied threat made the wavering Gold-ranks uncertain. As well as Niers clearly looking at Bevussa as the more reasonable team. Now they were eying the Wings of Pallass like potential enemies, for all they’d summoned them.
Gold in the eyes, gold on the brain. Enough gold to drown in. To retire on forever. Bevussa felt it too.
“Nomen…why don’t we take the offer?”
“Hold on, now. The Titan is our prisoner, Bevussa. I think it’s a matter of—trust. He already took care of one Gold-rank team. It’s not safe to just…let him out.”
“Are you an idiot? How did you get past Bronze-rank?”
Nomen’s ears turned red. Bevussa bit her tongue as Issa’s eyes widened and she covered her mouth. The two Oldblood Drakes coughed.
At the same time, Bevussa was astonished. Because this was not a smart, strategic move. Niers nearly had Heron’s Mark agreeing, but his tongue was stabbing him in the…only foot he had.
“I think I’ve made up my decision. Chana—can you cast [Detect Magic]? We’re taking Lord Astoragon’s gear off him. Rings. He can keep the armor, but we don’t want to take chances.”
Niers just snorted.
