8.14 N
Page 32
[Archers: Triplicate Volley], had brought down the mouse. Another irony. A Skill for an entire battalion let him shoot three arrows. He cautiously drew back on the bow, ready to activate his terror-Skill if need be. His [Foe Sensor] began flickering through possible targets…
“Hello? It’s me. Bevussa.”
Niers started. He saw the bird-like leg, the feathers, as someone appeared outside his cave. He thought all the adventurers were dead. He remembered her, of course, but her ghost had not troubled him. He didn’t remember the people he killed. Not anymore.
“Adventurer Bevussa?”
He recalled her name. The Garuda stooped. It was her, alright. She had lost her armor, and she looked…forlorn.
“I am very sorry. I would like to m-make amends. Hello?”
She stood outside his cave. Niers eyed her from his position too far for anyone to grab him, half-blocked by a stone. He grunted, lowered his bow, and drew his sword.
“Hello?”
“Get lost. Learn better elocution if you want to trick someone.”
Niers snapped at whatever was standing outside. The Garuda stepped back. She regarded him, blinking.
Naked. The voice was right. The appearance? Probably spot on. Niers met the thing’s gaze.
“I’m not in the mood for this.”
‘Bevussa’ rocked on her feet. She opened her mouth—far too wide—the beak stretching unnaturally. Then seemed to reconsider.
She backed away from Niers, tottered down the slope the way she’d come. He heard her voice in the distance, speaking nonsense.
“Goodbye. I am Bevussa. Hello. Hello…”
Niers didn’t untense for a long time. Damn. Higher-level monsters. That was bad, too. It was almost complete if it could do voices.
However, even if Foliana was here, he’d have not gone after it. Niers edged to the opening of his cave. He hesitated.
“If you’re after it, be my guest. Otherwise—piss off. I told you, I’m not in the mood for this.”
He snapped. His eyes locked on something in the distance, along the cliffs. Too far for him to see with his eyes. But his Skill…
Silence. The babble of the monster below was fading away. Nothing else moved in the dark world beyond of the High Passes.
Niers waited, sword drawn. Something…regarded him. Somethings. They seemed to reach a conclusion. Well, why not?
He saw the flicker and dove. The first ‘arrow’—or maybe it was thrown?—hit the mouth of his cave. Three more followed.
Spitting out dust, Niers raised his head. Smart. They thought he couldn’t do much more than call a monster down on them or change the weather. He barked.
“[Superior Counter Fire].”
Five projectiles arced back the way they’d come. Niers heard the distant thuds of impact. He poked his head out of the cave.
A body crashed down the cliff. Niers sensed the other four shapes milling about—moved back. He grunted, pulled back into the cave. He kept one eye open as he rested, but nothing else disturbed him that night.
When he went to find the body the next day, it was gone. Niers looked up towards the higher reaches of the mountaintops, but he let it go.
He reached the Floodplains on the seventh day. Three weeks since he had entered the High Passes, Niers reached the inn on the hill outside the city of Liscor.
 
—-
 
He’d had to walk the Floodplains. Niers had gotten rid of the grisly glider after reaching the grasslands, hills and valleys which were relatively safe.
It wasn’t as if he could have flown to Liscor with the terrain-following strategy. Go too high and he was at risk of being blown far, far away. Besides, he took the time to think.
