8.14 N
Page 4
The Iron Vanguard. Second? Maelstrom’s Howling. Third? The Eyes of Baleros.
“Dead Ancestor’s eggs.”
The Human whispered, invoking a particularly pithy oath of the Drakes, whom he’d lived for many years around.
They all knew. High [Strategists], their version of Merxel, or just administrators were all demanding for him to confirm one little fact, and offering buckets of gold for it.
Is the Titan of Baleros dead? Barring that, was he missing? Was he in Izril?
They knew. Merxel’s mind raced. In short order, he had the entire game pieced together. Treachery, betrayal—and what came next. He reached for the fourth Draught of Serenity with shaking fingers. Merxel checked himself. He knocked the bottle aside.
He grabbed some wine, and began to pour a cup.
 
—-
 
Niers Astoragon put together the same picture as Merxel, around the same time.
He picked himself up after falling about three hundred feet straight down. The Titan dusted himself off, checked for more injuries.
None, save for the ones he’d already had.
One of the few advantages of being small was that you didn’t fear the pain of falling. Oh, it could hurt, like if, say, you tossed a hamster over a cliff’s edge. Even so, the hamster had a much better chance of surviving that fall than something a hundred times its weight.
At least his enchanted leather armor was on him. The [Impact Guard] enchantments had done their work. He also had his sword.
“Damned birds. I should have them all hunted down. Traitorous [Chamberlains]…any cracks? Well, there’s something.”
Niers inspected his shortsword. No faults. He had no other major artifacts besides his rings and the leather armor, but this was better than a stick. Far better.
My shortsword is enchanted with Piercing, Durability, and a lower-grade split between Magebane and Severance. My armor has Impact Guard on fast recharge, Spellward, Anti-Hex, and Camouflage. I have Boots of the Grasshopper on, too.
I have an Anti-Identification ring, a Ring of Minotaur’s Strength, an Amulet of Magical Protection, a Ring of Greater Sight, a Ring of Lodestone Communication which is useless on Izril, and…
He glumly checked his hand as he ran towards the nearest cover, a rock with an overhang so the two Razorbeaks wouldn’t go after him. Niers crouched underneath, panting, looking at the burnt line of flesh around one finger.
My Ring of Death’s Protection is gone. Unclear which blow it protected me from. Maybe the [Lightning Bolt]. Maybe that gigantic asshole kicking me.
His mind’s voice was calming. It was at odds with the louder thoughts racing through Niers’ head.
Watch the skies! That damn bird has a mouth of teeth.
PECLIR! I’LL MURDER YOU.
How far in the High Passes did that thing drop me?
No bag of holding—I have to warn Foliana!
The smaller thoughts scattered and he ducked back in the tiny hollow of space as a shadow passed by. Yet, the inner thoughts never stopped their recitation.
…could wish I’d thought to bring my Ring of [Fireballs], or Band of the Vortex at least. I just had to take the most inoffensive, ‘safe’ gear. Well, I do get itchy when they’re on my fingers. I nearly blew my face off picking my nose once.
The inner thoughts were due to [Mind of the Strategist], a separate ‘layer’ of consciousness that could function even as Niers at large was suffering from some outside effect.
