8.14 N
Page 21
“If he does, I will stop him.”
The Titan looked at her. He lifted his sword. Queravia—
The shadow was his only warning. Niers broke out of his trance, pivoted.
“Damn—”
He sliced through one talon, but the Razorbeak grabbed him again. It shrieked triumphantly and the adventurers looked up. Niers cursed. Was it the same damn bird? His memory played on, the [Strategist] self.
I never knew if she was telling the truth. If she was—
The Fraerling twisted. Leverage! A Skill? No—he’d get out of this again! He swore it was the same damn bird, but he’d cut one talon. He wiggled as it called out in pain. He just needed to get his sword and he’d slice out, this time. An arrow? He fumbled.
Gambler’s curse. Just a simple thing. I throw the dice and win or lose without chance. Same with coins. A ‘curse’. 
No luck on the battlefield? I gamble all the time. Just not like she did it. I never met a [Strategist] like her. When I return, I need to change. My students…
He found an arrow, snapped the shaft, jabbed the sharpened rock into a scale, digging. Where was his sword? There! He grabbed the hilt, began to slash around the claw. The Razorbeak screamed.
Taking risks. I never took a greater one as when I faced her. But I was too cowardly to face the King of Destruction on Chandrar. I should have taken the entire Forgotten Wing Company and fought him. I stopped taking chances. 
The claws opened. Niers clung to one, blood pattering his armor. He tried to slash at the other leg, the bird’s undercarriage. Not the leg holding him.
“Got you, you pestilential bird! Payback! That’s right, bring your head down for me!”
Reinvent myself. Luck. I faced luck and gained a Skill, my title. I should have forced the Iron Vanguard back, formed a navy. Involved myself—I’m trapped on Baleros. When I—
The beak opened. Snapped. The sword slashed through part of the Razorbeak’s jaw, lodged in a tooth.
—I—
The [Strategist]’s thoughts ended. The tearing pain, agony, followed the sensation of loss. He stared down. He’d twisted as the beak came for him. But he couldn’t dodge fully.
“My leg. My—leg!”
The jaws closed. His armor held off the rending teeth for a second, perhaps two. The gigantic bird worried at his leg, grinding the magic away. He felt the agony and then a void. Niers looked down.
His right leg was severed at the knee. The Titan—blinked.
He saw red gore, so familiar. A jutting end of broken bone, torn away, trailing blood and viscera. So familiar.
Yet this was his body. Thoughts fragmented. Tiny droplets of blood fell from the air as the huge jaws swallowed the tiny bite above him. He heard the sound, the gurgling rasp of digestion. The stump of his leg.
—get back?
“My leg! YOU BASTARD BIRD!”
He slashed. But now the Razorbeak bit again and he was in the jaws. Niers thrashed as the teeth hammered his armor.
“I’LL KILL YOU. MY LEG!”
His voice echoed in the air. He screamed, slashing. But the jaws were clamping down and he couldn’t—
The arrow hit the wing and the Razorbeak screamed, dropped him. Niers fell out of the air, disoriented, limp. He heard shouts.
“It can’t be—that’s him! Get him! Get—”
The adventurers. As the Razorbeak fled, screaming, wounded, they stampeded towards his location. One of them stared down in horror.
“He’s missing a leg! Get a potion of healing—”
“Wh—how—”
The [Strategist] was staring down. His leg! His entire life, he had never taken a wound as—they reattached his arm when it was half-severed by the trap. His—
Liquid splashed him, clearing blood. He saw the bloody stump cover itself with flesh. He looked up.
