8.14 N
Page 47
Palt was the voice of reason. He looked around, not exactly calm, but seeing more clearly. He looked at Merzun, shook his head, and turned to the others.
“We have to let her go.”
“Let her go? She’ll just come back again! Let’s give her to Chaldion in Pallass!”
Joseph snapped back. Palt shook his head.
“No, and no. I suggest we tell Chaldion—and Magus Grimalkin what happened. And Xrn.”
“Xrn will eat you.”
Bird whispered to Mage Merzun. Her restrained body and head both tried to roll away from the baleful [Hunter]. Palt shook his head.
“If Mage Merzun wants to stick around for all three to object to her—and Watch Captain Zevara—she can. This is a matter for Liscor’s Council. We do not want to be caught up in it.”
“But they know we’re here.”
Kevin looked at Merzun. She was eying him like…Troy and Leon and Imani too. Palt nodded slowly.
“Yes. We’ll have to prepare for that. Merzun dying here is not wise, though. She’s part of the Revivalists. Archmage Nailihuaile won’t react…well. She can be vindictive. Montressa, Bezale, back me up. Mons?”
The [Aegiscaster] wasn’t responding. She just sat.
“I’m exiled? I—”
“One of you is speaking sense. Let me go. As for Mage Montressa, it wasn’t my fault. Stop that! You disgusting creature!”
Ulvama had blown her nose and was wiping the tissue on Merzun’s armor. The Hobgoblin [Shaman] somehow knew exactly how to offend Dullahans the worst.
The others argued. Niers knew the Centaur was correct—at least for now. Wistram would not give up. Those Earthers? Earthers? His mind was racing. Wistram was ahead of him. They had been for months.
Those Earthers were now on a shortlist, unless other factions in Wistram would protect them. Merzun was only the start.
Mind you—if this was his company and Merzun had tried it on his territory, she might not have been in this situation. Yet The Wandering Inn was not prepared to fight Wistram like a Great Company.
It did have Niers Astoragon. Mrsha glanced up at him and he waved for her to pretend he wasn’t there.
“I’ll talk to Ullsinoi. We need…the Revivalists would have gotten all of them. That’s an inter-academy conflict you’ve begun, High Mage.”
Palt was glancing at Merzun. She stared at him stonily.
“The [Innkeeper] is dead, Magus Palt. Similarly, there is no time for dissident factions.”
“I would say the dissident faction is the one clearly grabbing power here, High Mage.”
He replied, putting a cigar in his mouth.
“Enough. If she’s not being beaten up, I want her gone.”
The harsh voice came from Numbtongue. Niers blinked. The Hobgoblin pointed his sword at Merzun. She eyed him, wisely keeping her mouth shut.
“Mage. You come back—you die. Next time, you die. Anyone who tries, [Mage], Archmage, anyone. Understand?”
“I…understand. I will pass your message on to my faction.”
He glared. The others looked at each other.
“Well, let’s roll her into Invrisil I guess. Tell Grimalkin to come over first?”
“Sounds like a plan.”
As Bezale bent to grab Merzun’s body, she spoke up.
“Wait. I meant what I said.”
The others looked at her. The [High Mage] glowered around, then her eyes focused on the Earthers.
“You don’t have to stay here. Come to Wistram. We can protect you. Or have you not seen how dangerous the world is? We have many, many of you there. You can live in safety and luxury. I cannot force you, but surely you must agree.”
The Earthers looked at her. Kevin’s eyebrows were in his hair. Joseph just turned away.
“I need a drink. This is a good excuse, right?”
