8.14 N
Page 25
“Really. How are you going to get them off? Break my fingers with a pair of tweezers? You are as stupid as I thought.”
“Nomen! Think about this.”
The [Warrior]’s eyes flashed angrily at Bevussa. He looked at the Titan.
“If you take them off, we won’t have to insist, Niers. You’re in the cage. We’ll take you to the Iron Vanguard or whomever bids highest.”
“No, you won’t.”
Bevussa’s [Dangersense] began going off now. She’d known they were in danger before. Now? She saw the Titan of Baleros slowly push himself up. He balanced, one hand holding the bars of his cage. One-legged, he looked around. His snort? Contemptuous.
“Look at you. I gave you a chance. You—fly away.”
He pointed at Bevussa. Her head swiveled as the warning bell began to ring louder.
“Nomen…”
“Stop talking like that. You can’t do a thing. If you want to keep negotiating, some respect…”
Nomen’s voice wobbled. The Titan looked at him.
“Can’t do a thing? I’m the Titan of Baleros. You little piece of Creler-bait, I’m sick of this. I don’t negotiate with Gold-rank adventurers.”
His voice was growing louder. Bevussa took a few steps back.
“Issa—Kin—get ready.”
“Don’t move.”
The half-Elf [Ranger] swung up her bow. Heron’s Mark tensed. Bevussa lifted her wing-hands.
“We’re not fighting you! Lord Astoragon—”
He wasn’t listening. The Titan clung to the bars of the cage. His eyes were flashing, his voice growing furious.
“Do you think I need to negotiate to get out of this cage? Me? I was a Named Adventurer when you were dreaming about holding swords! I’ve killed better adventurers than you with my bare hands. You think you can hold me?”
“He’s lost his mind.”
Kin muttered. Bevussa looked around, but the arrow tracking her chest was demanding her attention. If she had to dodge—
“I’ve met Dragons and bested Djinni! I’ve broken the Labyrinth of Souls and seen the words of the architects! I have beheld Elves and broken armies by the greatest [Kings] and [Warlords] of my era!”
He was bellowing. Was he trying to bring monsters down on them?
Nomen had the same thought.
“Shut him up!”
He hissed at Chana. Niers saw the [Wizard] raise her staff. The [Silence] spell didn’t even touch him. One of his rings glowed.
“You idiots.”
“Gah! I’ll do it!”
The Gnoll interrupted. He reached for the cage door. Nomen was looking around.
“This is a bluff. You can’t do anything! Stop shouting and cooperate or—”
He never got further. His torso exploded.
Niers Astoragon flung up a hand as a ribbon of red splashed the cage. Bevussa flinched—then dove. The arrow flashed past her.
“Nomen!”
A scream. The [Thief] jerked his paw back. Staring at Niers. The Titan started laughing.
“Up!”
Bevussa howled. She shot into the air with her team. The [Ranger] took aim, but Chana grabbed her arm.
“It wasn’t them! We’re under attack!”
“From—”
The Gnoll threw himself at his teammates. They hit the ground hard, but it saved their life. The second oversized bolt struck the dirt. Niers gripped the bars of his cage and began to bend the cheap metal.
“What—what—”
Nomen was alive. Somehow, the bolt hadn’t blasted his entire body apart. Durability Skills. His teammates were quick. They dropped a potion on him and he began crying out, coughing.
“Above!”
The half-Elf spotted the attackers at the same time as the Wings of Pallass. Bevussa’s eyes went round. She saw the Goblins at the same time as one launched a huge crossbow bolt from the Thunderbow he was carrying.
 
—-
 
“Hit [Mage]!”
