8.14 N
Page 48
Imani glared from behind Palt. Even Troy held up two emphatic fingers. No one looked twice at Merzun, even the Brothers were clearly thinking that this was not an honest woman and trying to figure out how to stop someone before they entered the hallway. The truth spells…the inn had to be reopened.
“Alright, rolling time. Miss Ulvama, please stop that.”
Ulvama was now drawing graffiti on Merzun’s back with some extremely hard-to-remove paint. Ishkr had already run to get Grimalkin, Bird to find Xrn.
“I’ll go.”
A quiet voice spoke up as Merzun was hoisted up. Heads turned.
Leon stood there. He didn’t look at the others.
“Leon, are you nuts?”
“No, I’m not. I hate it here. Everyone else has something, I don’t. So I’ll go. This inn—you know what? Fuck this inn, you too, Kevin. I’m out.”
Leon looked around, shaking with nerves and anger. The others looked at him. Even Troy, who had his purpose. Numbtongue stared at Leon, and jerked his foot up.
“Okay. Two go. Get lost.”
He walked past Leon as the young man lay on the ground, clutching at his groin.
So, and so. Niers couldn’t speak to the wisdom of the decision. Nor was the [Strategist] able to make a decision based on his knowledge.
After all the commotion had ended, he rode the Ashfire Bee into the [Garden of Sanctuary]. She buzzed around, and a little Gnoll met them by the hilltop. Niers dismounted, and Mrsha carried him up.
“Ah.”
He stopped in front of the frozen bier. Niers stared down at Erin Solstice. He stood there, for a long moment. Mrsha’s head bowed, yet she darted glances at the Titan.
Realer than life. Smaller than his legend. The Fraerling [Strategist] stood there, head bowed. At last, at last—he looked at Mrsha.
No tears in his eyes. Just…tired. He looked at the young Gnoll, and then breathed out.
“If I can, I promise you, I’ll do something. Everything’s fallen apart. Can I ask you to help me put it back together?”
Mrsha looked down. The Fraerling man held out a hand. Slowly, ever so slowly, she reached out. Niers touched the first living being, the first person he hadn’t tried to kill or who had tried to kill him in a month, and gently shook her paw.
Far from home. Bereft of gear, but with all his Skills and experience. Ally? One white Gnoll. One Ashfire Bee. Advantages? No one knew where he was. Disadvantages? Everyone knew where he was.
The Titan smiled. He did like a challenge.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Back when I first offered Niers in the first Volume 8 poll, I made a mistake. I offered Niers, but I later realized that it was a dark, depressing chapter for the start of Volume 8, especially since it wasn’t all this. This is 2, maybe 3 chapters and plotlines compressed.
Did it work? Did you enjoy it? Did you see the hints?
Well, I hope so. This is my last chapter before my break, but I will be back on the 30th! So…yes.
Also, Rebecca Brewer will be doing a Q&A on Sunday, at 6 PM EST, in the #publishing channel on Discord! Be there! Her interview is also up; if you didn’t see the link at the top of the chapter!
Thanks for reading. I must rest. I must rest, because this has been a tiring month! But I hope you enjoyed the chapters and editing and so on, and I’ll see you after only a week’s break! I…could use a longer one. Bye for now!
 
 
Grimalkin and Niers vs Bugs by ArtsyNada! 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg
 
 
Chestburster Niers, Fetohep Guidance, How Erin Really Died (Lies), and more by LeChatDemon!
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
