8.14 N
Page 46
“Child, I am going to bind you. Put the crossbow down and come over here. You won’t be hurt. Understand? Come over here. Now? Don’t—”
The little Gnoll hesitated. She glanced down, then her features firmed. She aimed and pulled the trigger.
The crossbow fired. The bolt loosed. Merzun’s brows crossed, but she didn’t bother to dodge.
Niers Astoragon used his greatest Skill. He pointed, and activated it. The Skill he had ‘earned’ from killing the [Gambler of Fates]. His last capstone.
A Skill to break any foe to pieces. Even the King of Destruction.
[Battlefield: Even Ground – No Magic, No Luck, No Skills, Only Strategy].
Across the ground, High Mage Merzun’s magic abruptly turned off. She began to drop. Her eyes went wide.
The crossbow bolt punched into her foot, through ceramic. She hit the ground, her head smacking into the floorboards. Niers smiled as the magic suppressing half the people in the inn winked out.
“[Flame Bolt]!”
Montressa shouted. She pointed, but nothing happened. No Magic.
“[Piercing Shot].”
Bird raised his arrow, but hesitated as he sensed no Skill activating. No Skills.
No luck, either. For five minutes, you were just what you were. Only strategy. Even Tulm feared that Skill. Bird still drew back on the bow; he needed no Skills to hit his mark.
“Stop! Stop!”
Palt shouted. He was getting to his feet. He knocked Bird’s aim loose. Mage Merzun? She was screaming in pain.
“My foot! How—how—”
Mrsha had fled into the [Garden of Sanctuary]. She peeked out, wide-eyed as the bleeding Dullahan woman flailed. Bezale grabbed her and checked her body into the ground.
It was over. Niers peeked out behind Mrsha’s ear. He’d just hit the people in the inn, not the inn itself. He’d had a hunch they might kill the [High Mage] if freed. Sure enough, he’d been wise to extend the radius.
On second thought, it was bad for a [High Mage] of Wistram to drop dead in this inn. He carefully whispered to Mrsha.
“Now, listen…”
 
—-
 
“A Tier 6 Spell? [Magic Null]?”
Mrsha the Glorious Magus nodded a few times. Montressa and Bezale’s mouths opened and closed a few times.
“There is no way she can cast that.”
“There was a book…”
Ishkr shut his mouth fast as everyone looked at him. Niers wiped sweat from his brow. He nudged the bee, crowding the beam where he was hiding.
“Get lost!”
The giant Ashfire Bee stared at him, hurt, and trotted a ways away. That wasn’t the point, anyways. Niers listened.
High Mage Merzun was captive. She had anti-magic cuffs on her, the same restraints brought to capture Pisces, ironically. Montressa, Bezale, Palt, and the others were debating what to do with her.
“If we hand her over to Zevara, Wistram will bail her out.”
“Not Zevara. She won’t budge.”
“Then it is war. Let me go. I don’t know how that child learned such magic, but she is coming with me. Those Earthers too. Wistram knows where I am. It is well you did not slay me. Do not make your situation worse.”
Mage Merzun was amazing. She had the gall to act as if she still held all the cards, even now. Worse…she was sort of right.
Sort of. Wistram was a big force. On the other hand? Ulvama whirled her staff and smacked Merzun on the head.
The [High Mage] made a pained sound. Ulvama smiled.
“Let’s beat her up. Then decide.”
She looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin was murderous.
“No, she’s right. She’s a [High Mage]. She might be able to blast her way out of prison unless Hexel’s upgraded it. Only a [Grand Magus] and the Archmages stand above her.”
