8.14 N
Page 18
He commented to the others, allowing himself the luxury as the buzz of wings and Eater Goat’s braying shouts filled the air. The other Goblins nodded, wincing as they saw the Eater Goat group disappear.
They went down fighting, of course. Eater Goats bit, chewing bugs furiously, fearless to the point of suicide. They never had a chance. The bugs just ate them, live, until the corpses lay, food and sustenance for a new generation. Everything nearby was also a target. The baby Armored Crawlers died—the Goblins did not.
The nearest two outposts blocked the beetles from entering with reinforced blankets just for that purpose. A few might trickle in, but they were snacks. Although…those Swarmbeetles had a nasty bite. Magic ran in them thanks to those plants, and so they could actually carve up your leather armor or bite you down to the bone if you let them. Tough, too. Sharpstick shook his head.
That was all he thought about the minor incident. After all—it was just the goats who died. And there were lots of goats.
 
—-
 
“You damn goats! You stupid, empty-headed idiots! Venaz has more tact than you!”
Niers bellowed as he ran. Behind him, the beetles were on the offensive. They went after the Eater Goats first, but they circled, going after anything nearby.
Him. Birds. Other rodents or animals. Niers flung himself forwards as he heard the buzz behind him. He needed—
There. The opening was small, even for a Fraerling. Niers didn’t care. He slashed with his sword, widening the narrow passageway. Then he put his back in the cave’s entrance and began to fight.
The first beetle didn’t even see him. He slashed and cut it in half. Tough shell and pincers meant nothing to his enchanted artifact. He cut the next beetle the same way.
Then they flooded him.
 
—-
 
Crawling bodies, half his size or larger. Blank eyes. Squirming legs, everywhere. Even in death they twitched.
Jaws, biting at him. The buzz, the click of them. Small ones pushing past the bodies as the adults ate their fallen. 
They were on his armor, the tiniest ones, biting—he knocked them clear with his hand. But he never stopped stabbing, slashing. 
Economical movements—the entrance of the cave was filled with dead bodies as they pressed in. He was shouting, cutting, stomping, his armor saving all but his face from bites. But thousands of bites made even the magic weaken. The snap of their closing mandibles bruised.
Hours of fighting. And they kept coming. They couldn’t get into the rocky cave, or he’d be dead. He held the opening, slaughtering them as they ran onto his sword, pushing forwards. He was squeezed by the dead into the back of the stone crevasse. Only their hard carapaces formed a second wall.
Blood. Death! A war only Fraerlings would ever know.
“Come on, you vermin!”
Niers smashed a bug against a wall, smearing it, careless of the gore on him. His voice was hoarse. His arm felt numb, but he refused to stop slashing. He switched hands, though his left arm was just as tired.
He refused to die! Not to these bugs! Not to—a face appeared in the bleeding mass of bugs. It bit—Niers stabbed it through the mouth. He yanked his sword back before it could be lost; another bug tried to get at him.
The Fraerling [Strategist] didn’t know it—but at some point he was laughing again.
 
—-
 
The onslaught of bugs lessened at some innumerable mark in the attack. They backed up, dispersed, fled back to their lairs.
Niers didn’t know why. But he took the moment. He shoved past dead, stinking corpses, heard the telltale sound—and grinned.
“Birds.”
