8.14 N
Page 42
The shocking thing was the blood. His left arm was twisted up, bone peeking through flesh. And one leg looked bad too. Mrsha stared.
Niers had gotten into Bezale’s room. But he’d been too slow. The Minotauress had, in opening the door, caught him. Slammed him right into the wall with the careless force of…a tall person.
“Rgh. Not—not—Minotaurs!”
Niers didn’t know if he was saying it. He was trying to move. He sensed the Gnoll staring down at him. He wanted to draw his sword. He wasn’t thinking. Just—kill or be killed! He slashed with his good arm. Blacked out—like this? Not even a Razorbeak? A door? A d—
 
—-
 
Niers woke up with a gasp. He felt something soft, smothering, retreat quickly. He felt a cool liquid, a familiar sensation.
Healing potion. He grabbed for his sword by reflex. The little paw retreated. Niers looked around.
“Wh—”
Mrsha stared down at Niers gravely. The little Fraerling was in her and Lyonette’s room, lying on the cloth and healing supplies she’d grabbed. She was trying to gently dab his bloody body with some healing potion daubed onto a bit of cotton. Niers regained consciousness, looked at her.
The little Gnoll retreated a step, but her eyes were locked on the tiny man. Fascinated. He stared at his leg—it hadn’t been broken or dislocated, but the skin had been torn. Healing. His arm—
Mrsha slowly tipped more of the half-empty potion bottle down. Liquid pooled and she pressed the bloody cotton ball into it. She reached out to touch his arm.
“Stop!”
His voice was ragged with pain. Mrsha jerked back. Niers grabbed at his arm. He modulated his tone. The sudden shock of being…rescued faded. He spoke, gritting his teeth.
“Not like that. My arm’s broken. It needs to be set. You’ll heal it wrong.”
She nodded wide-eyed. Mrsha hesitated, scampered for the door. Ulvama!
“Stop. Don’t—don’t tell anyone. I just need—”
Niers was feeling at the bone. He’d set countless bones for healing in his time. He gritted his teeth.
“You see—the bone? I just need to push it in. Here. Just—”
He saw Mrsha come back over. Niers, gasping, looked around.
“That—that. Put that right here. I need a solid surface.”
She slowly edged the potion bottle over. He put his arm against it. Just—apply—
He blacked out for a second with the pain. His bones moved and Mrsha flinched. The tiny little man made a sound, but he was moving his broken arm into place.
“I need a drop of potion. A tiny bit. One bit at a time.”
He panted at her. Mrsha looked around, and then desperately ran downstairs. She came back up with a spoon and put some potion into it. Niers splashed his arm as he set the bone. It looked right—felt right—
He was sweating when it was done. His arm? He could flex his hand. But the potion wasn’t highest-grade.
“I need a sling. Cloth. A stick.”
The girl ran to get him what he asked for. She watched as he made a sling for himself, bracing his arm so it wouldn’t move. He cut it with his sword—her eyes focused on that—and slung it around his neck.
That done, Niers Astoragon sat back. Sweating with pain. His face was pale, but he was alive. Dead gods. He’d nearly died when that clod-footed Minotaur had slammed the door into him when remembering she’d forgotten her damned bag of holding!
Fraerlings died in stupid ways like that. Run over, stepped on—
“I hate doors. I hate doors so damn much.”
He panted. A big, furry head of white fur nodded gravely. Mrsha too had suffered the slings and arrows of someone opening a door on your face. Niers looked up at her.
