8.14 N
Page 22
A team of adventurers stared down at him. The [Strategist]’s mouth moved.
“I knew I heard a voice! It’s him. The Titan.”
“Wh—”
We have grown complacent.
A hand grabbed his sword-arm. He fought, but he was just—he had forgotten. No Skills? No handicaps? How soon everyone forgot.
He was just a Fraerling.
 
—-
 
Niers Astoragon lay in a bird-cage. No, he sat with his back to the bars. Cheap bronze. He might have bent them, but they watched him like a hawk.
And they had his sword. Not his armor; they’d left him with some dignity, but the Gold-rank team, Heron’s Mark, was one of a number of Gold-rank teams in the High Passes.
“Looking for you, uh—Titan. Lord Astoragon. It’s paid work. We didn’t expect to find you. We’ve been searching the last week and a half.”
“All by yourself?”
Niers hadn’t spoken for the first two hours. He was in shock. His leg was gone. Taken by a damned bird. It hadn’t even died. Then, captured by a Gold-rank team.
“Not just us. Multiple teams with movement or reconnaissance specialties are looking for you, Lord Astoragon. There are bounties on you. Our employers, well—I can’t speak for the others, but we intend to deliver you alive.”
“To which Great Company?”
“I shouldn’t say—”
The Titan slowly looked at the young, eager Human man. The adventurer hesitated as the Fraerling looked at him.
“Which. Company?”
“The Iron Vanguard.”
That came from the [Ranger] who’d shot the Razorbeak. Niers nodded. In the silence that followed, their [Wizard] spoke.
“We should tell the other teams we found him, Nomen.”
“I—don’t think so, Chana. Not until we get clear of the High Passes. The other teams—might want to split the reward. Or take it from us.”
The team of four Gold-ranks, the [Warrior], a [Wizard], a [Ranger], and their [Thief], a silent Gnoll, looked at each other. A classic group.
“I know, Nomen. I mean, they might…wonder why we’re leaving. We’re engaged for the entire month. Maybe we should tell some of them in case some teams insist.”
The [Wizard] looked at Niers, and then around. Heron’s Mark looked nervous.
And well you should be. The other Gold-rank teams will kill for a bounty on my head. 
Niers’ thoughts were dark. He had begun thinking of escape plans twice. Each time, he stared at his leg.
No mobility. He could rely on a peg-leg, crutches, magical prosthesis, even fix it. But right now? Impaired.
My leg.
“Who can we trust? The other teams might be watching for one of us leaving the High Passes. In which case, we might have to fight them off us. Which team?”
They debated. At last, a name circulated.
“Wings of Pallass. They’ve got an impeccable credibility rating. Not like the others. I met Miss Bevussa in Liscor. Can you send a [Message], Chana? Tell them we need to talk now. If the others are listening in, say—say we found Crelers?”
“On it.”
As the [Wizard] began to communicate, Niers saw the adventurers staring at him. Like a curio, a legend literally fallen to earth. Smaller than they thought. Oh, he’d heard all the jokes.
He knew he wasn’t impressive now, not with his armor torn by the bird’s teeth, stump of a leg—he shifted his head to look at their leader.
“So you’re taking me to the Iron Vanguard?”
“That’s right. In Invrisil. Rest assured, Lord Astoragon, this isn’t personal.”
“Hah.”
The Gold-rank looked nervous.
Just a brat. Has he ever lost a team member? These look like rookies, not a proper battle-tested Gold-rank team.
Niers spoke, shortly.
“Let me make you a counter-offer. Deliver me to my destination, which will be the same amount of work as the Iron Vanguard, and I’ll double your fee. You know I can.”
