8.14 N
Page 23
The adventurers went silent. Even the [Wizard] looked up. Nomen opened and closed his mouth.
“I—”
“Nomen, it could be a ruse. Remember, he killed over half the Cherinion Swords! Don’t be greedy!”
The [Thief] whispered. Niers snorted.
“They attacked me. You think I need to lie? Let me put it to you this way: the Iron Vanguard wants me. My company wants me. And ‘this isn’t personal’? Boy, I’ve heard that from countless adventurers. I know it’s Creler crap, same as you. It’s personal to me. Now, I’ll be generous if I’m helped.”
“We—we have a contract, Lord Astoragon. No offense, but…”
The adventurer licked his lips. Niers stared at him.
He probably thinks the Iron Vanguard will more than double my offer to get me. He might be right. Greedy, stupid…
He looked up as he heard a distant call. The [Wizard] lowered her fingers and spoke.
“They’re coming. All three of them.”
“Three? I thought it was a team of four, like us.”
The [Ranger] raised her eyebrows. Half-Elf. Cliché on cliché. Her hair was dark brown, her skin tanned. Niers stared at her.
I could prevail on my debts with half-Elves, maybe. Depends on her origins. If she’s as stupid as the rest of her team…maybe not. Can I convince the [Thief] to betray the others? Again—
He just sat there as the second team appeared. This one looked—interesting. Two Oldblood Drakes, and a Garuda. They had been flying along the High Passes, but they weren’t idiots.
Rather than let Wyverns drop on them and any number of monsters attack, they’d been using [Camouflage] spells while scouting for him. Niers might have even missed them, unlike Heron’s Mark.
“Nomen, isn’t it? Where’s the Creler nest? If it’s small, we can take it on together. Or do we need to contact all the teams?”
“Bevussa—Bevussa, listen. It’s not that. We—we actually found—”
He gestured to Niers in the cage. The Titan looked up and saw the beak open in shock. Bevussa recoiled. He saw her companions look around, then stare at Heron’s Mark.
“Is…why are you telling me, Nomen?”
Bevussa slowly looked at the Gold-rank Captain, coming to the same conclusion as he spoke.
“We want to get the bounty on Lord Astoragon and get out of the High Passes without the other teams interfering. We’re considering splitting part of the bounty if you help us out.”
The Garuda’s eyes widened. She looked at Niers. He stared back. And abruptly, he felt sick. From Titan, meeting his grand opponent, commander of one of the finest mercenary companies in the world, to a…a Fraerling in a cage.
“Good evening, Miss Adventurer. Good to meet young Gold-ranks these days.”
The old Fraerling smiled at the children. Like a grandfather, a professor lecturing young, new, promising students. The generation to replace his waning star. Bevussa carefully bowed.
“Titan of Baleros, Lord Astoragon, it’s an honor to meet you. Are we…delivering him to his people, Nomen?”
The adventurer hesitated. Niers sat back, smiling genially around.
Inside…he thought he heard the quiet snapping, like bones, of his patience, his temper, bursting its carefully constructed cage.
Suddenly, no, it was a culmination, a realization born of many days and nights like this, testing his patience, wearing at his carefully controlled temper, his true temper, not the flights of annoyance or irritability he had, came upon the Titan of Baleros, Niers Astoragon. And it was this: his journey, his ‘adventure’ in the High Passes was no longer fun.
