8.14 N
Page 45
She put her hands together. Mrsha saw half a dozen spells, Tier 1 and Tier 2, hit Numbtongue in the chest. He went over backwards and she screamed.
Ulvama was next. The Hobgoblin shielded herself, but the spells wore out her magical protections. Both Goblins lay on the ground, charred flesh smoking as Merzun looked around.
“Enough. Where are the other two?”
She floated over to Montressa. The [Mage] croaked.
“Gone. Leave them alone, Merzun! Liscor won’t stand for this. The Antinium—”
“Hear nothing. If you are counting on that Centenium, I will not be here. You’re telling the truth. Where are they?”
She was interrogating Montressa. Kevin, Joseph, Imani, they were going to be stolen! Mrsha left out Troy and Leon. Bird was still lying, unable to shake [Paralysis] by himself. Someone had to do something! Someone…this big, stupid, Dullahan Wistram-[Mage] wasn’t allowed to do this! It wasn’t right!
 
—-
 
He agreed. The Fraerling was still weak. He hadn’t been out long. His arm still ached in the sling. But the frantic bee had woken him. He limped out of the [Garden of Sanctuary], towards the little Gnoll.
“Girl. Girl, listen.”
The [High Mage] hadn’t noticed them. A damn [High Mage]? No wonder she’d walked all over this inn. None of them could match a ten-level difference with that kind of magical output.
And yet…Niers just stared at the Dullahan. His eyes narrowed.
“Mrsha.”
She jerked. She was quivering on the ground. Niers whispered into her ear, so that Merzun couldn’t notice him even if her head spotted her on its orbit.
“That Dullahan is going to abduct the others unless we do something. She’s imprisoned this inn; no one can get in even if they notice. Listen. I need you to help me. I can stop her.”
Mrsha’s eyes were round. She was terrified. Was that Hobgoblin her guardian? Niers remembered the reports, but not a female Goblin. He pointed.
“That crossbow. I can’t lift it. But you can. I just need you to shoot her.”
Mrsha looked horrified. Niers clarified.
“In the leg. Arm. You don’t have to kill her.”
He’d meant kill her. But he’d forgotten his audience. The little Gnoll hesitantly stared at the crossbow. Niers reassured her.
“You don’t even need to hit her. Just…close by. Got it? Trust me. It will save everyone.”
She shook her head, gesturing to the magical barriers layered around Merzun. Niers nodded.
“I know she has shields. Listen. Trust me. I’m the Titan.”
Mrsha the Archer looked at Niers. She looked at Merzun, at Montressa, gasping answers, Numbtongue, still trying to get up. She took a breath.
“Little girl. I would not do that.”
Merzun spoke. Montressa jerked. Even pressed against the floor, she could see Mrsha, sideways to her, aiming the crossbow with shaking paws at Merzun. The Dullahan woman didn’t look concerned.
Her armor was a flashy gemstone-inlaid-into-ceramic armor that could probably stop a weak crossbow bolt. However, the real protections were the layers of shields.
“Put that down. Children should not be wielding crossbows. Where is her guardian? I should take her with the others. Mage Montressa?”
Merzun almost sounded concerned. Montressa whispered.
“Leave her alone.”
“Then stop obstructing me. Why do the Gnolls have Miss Rose? Little girl—I am warning you. You do not want to make me angry, do you?”
Mrsha was sighting down the crossbow.
“Don’t. Run and get help. The garden! Get outside and—”
Bezale barked, and then cut off. Merzun saw the open door to the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Her fingers twitched and her wand-arm raised.
