8.15
Page 24
His voice was hysterical, he knew. Some of the others looked at him. The smart ones looked disturbed. The others just thought he was acting. Acting!
“I know. They’re like us. We have to teach them. Maybe—kill a monster?”
That might do it. Tom giggled and shook his head, though. His head rotated and Chole flinched as it strained his neck tendons with cracks.
“I have a better idea.”
The [Clown] edged over as Richard, exasperated, tried to raise his voice.
“Listen! This isn’t fun and games!”
“Come on, man. Who put you in charge? Tell us about levels! Are we going to grind for experience or—”
The arguers, who apparently knew more about how this kind of game worked and were ready to ‘game the system’, find out the ‘best classes’, and so on, stopped. As did the susurration of voices. Because the [Clown] had done a handspring forwards, and his posse of similarly-attired followers, painted faces, colorful clothing, too-wide smiles, had set up a cheer.
At least he knew how to command attention. Tom posed on top of a table, turning his head around. His smile? Almost genuine.
“Ladies and gentlemen! It looks like my dear friend Richard is trying to tell, not show you the gravitas of this world! Also, the wonder! I, Tom, the [Clown], will demonstrate. You’ve heard about Skills and magic. You’ve seen artifacts and feasted on the Blighted King’s hospitality. Now see what you get from fighting and slaughtering possibly innocent people and animals! Behold! [My Other Self]!”
His shadow moved. Then—a second Tom stepped out of the first Tom. The [Clown] spread his arms and turned at the gasps and then applause.
Amazement! Surprise! Excitement! Like a carnival crowd, the Earthers stared, gathering closer as the separate Tom appeared. They spoke at the same time, eerily disquieting.
The new Earthers were unwary. Richard was worried, but Hayvon held him back. He was looking at Tom. So was Nereshal, who was stroking his chin and nodding, almost resigned. The [Chronomancer]’s features were of a young man sometimes, when he cared to be. His eyes were always old. Tom met his gaze and smiled wider. Both Toms turned, spreading their arms wide.
“Glorious Skills! This isn’t all! I can do whatever is in my class! See?”
He produced a knife. Then a carrot. Both Toms began to juggle the objects around at each other. Tom looked.
Oh yes, look at the smart ones! That girl, there, who flinches. That young man, who might be only fifteen. Just a boy, but he’s smarter than that oaf with his stupid friends. That pallid idiot who thinks playing games on a computer will let him become the hero he wants to be! Now—
Both Toms met the other’s gaze. They stopped juggling. A carrot bounced off a face.
“Ow!”
Laughter at the gag. Tom dreamily stared into his eyes, and then around at the Earthers.
“All you could want. All the potential in the world. And with great power comes…oh, you know. Death.”
The knife flicked up in his hand. He turned, and with all the casualness in the world, slashed at the other’s face. His knife went through cheek—bounced off teeth. The skin parted, unveiling what looked at first like sticky red cloth beneath. The other Tom—
—was faster. He put the knife in the first Tom’s eye. Lodged it deep, twisted—
The first Tom vanished. The real Tom spat blood out of his mouth and grinned. Blood ran down his face, out of his mouth and his cheek.
The laughter, the applause—the voices—suddenly went silent. Only his troupe began to laugh at the joke.
“Wh—wh—”
“Oh my god. He just—”
