8.15
Page 13
Three minutes later (it was poo), Ekirra opened the door of the outhouse and padded out. He sneezed a few times; it was always stinky. Then he headed back for the door to Liscor. He would have gone straight home, too.
But for Joseph. Ekirra smelled him first, naturally. He was about to ask Joseph if there was anything he should practice and how good he’d done! His tail wagged as he pursued Joseph towards the magic door, now placed in the portal room just off the side of the long hallway with the secret spying holes Mrsha had showed him.
“Coach J—”
Joseph didn’t hear him. Ekirra stopped as he realized Joseph had changed clothing. He’d washed himself, and changed out of the jersey of the Liscor Flood Crabs, which made sense.
…So why was he wearing another jersey? Yellow and black, like Apista?
Ekirra came to a halt. Joseph headed through the open door, into a sunlit city that smelled like a thousand things. Broad streets, amazing architecture. Ekirra recognized it at a moment’s glance.
Pallass. The little Gnoll stared at Joseph. It could not be. It wasn’t—he saw Liska move to close the door. Without a moment’s thought, Ekirra ran after Joseph. He leapt through the closing checkpoint gate, opened for Joseph, and heard the shout from the [Guards]. Then he was in the street, following Joseph, running from the angry Watch. It couldn’t be.
It couldn’t be, but he had to know. Not the most heinous thing. Not Coach Joseph. He couldn’t be…coaching another team?
He ran a total of five steps before a claw caught him, of course.
 
—-
 
The great betrayer walked through the streets of Pallass. Joseph, the sellout! The traitor! The—
“…Coach of Liscor’s team. I don’t think we need to introduce him.”
“Of course not. Good to meet you, er—Mister Joseph. Sir.”
They called him sir. The Drake [Strategist] had even asked for his autograph. But then, she was not Chaldion, far younger.
“It’s a pleasure to be here.”
Joseph mumbled. He felt bad. Mrsha had given the Pallassian jersey a dirty look before she went through to Invrisil. Wait—was she allowed to do that? Liska hadn’t cared.
Thoughts of Mrshas vanished as Joseph was introduced to two more players, and three financial backers, all of whom had been part of the group convincing him to teach Pallass’ team.
“We’re delighted you accepted our invitation to educate our team, Mister Ortega. What can we expect from you today?”
A Gnoll adjusted a monocle, much like Sir Relz. Joseph wondered if he was staring at his levels, but thanks to Erin and Ryoka, he was covered from appraisal and scrying. He seemed impressed with Joseph’s reputation at any rate.
“I don’t have a set plan, er, sir. I need to see where they’re at before I can improve them. Also, there are some new rules I need to bring to Pallass’ attention.”
That seemed to impress the cohort. They nodded; the [Strategist] consulted her notes.
“Ah yes, the aerial rule amendment.”
“You know about that?”
Joseph eyed her. She had the grace to look embarrassed.
“We intend to win the upcoming championship, Coach Joseph. Pallass won’t make the same mistakes again.”
“Especially not with Joseph the Soccer Player giving Pallass’ team his expert advice!”
Another Drake chimed in, and Joseph winced. For multiple reasons.
“Just remember, I’m also advising Liscor and Invrisil’s teams.”
The other faces fell. The Gnoll audibly whispered to a companion.
“We didn’t manage to get an exclusive deal?”
Joseph sighed. If you were going to sell out, you might as well do it so multiple groups had an advantage. Also—it was a lot of money.
A lot of money.
