8.15
Page 12
“Sorry, Coach. We should really get security. You’re too popular. We are going to crush Invrisil in the next game!”
A player grinned at Joseph as the lucky autographee was escorted away with the other civilians begging autographs or wanting to talk. Joseph stood there. Trying to smile.
And they wonder why I drink. Damn me. Why do I have to be so jealous? So petty?
“I’ll see you all tomorrow. Hope you all level.”
He turned to the team. Ush grinned.
“I just did yesterday. But here’s hoping. Level 17 [Kicker]!”
The Gnoll of Joseph’s age offered a paw to high-five. Joseph…felt his petty evil welling in his heart. So he betrayed them before lunch time. He was sorry.
Yet he was a Joseph. Not a Kevin. Let alone an Erin.
 
—-
 
“Of such rank and injust betrayal of all I held dear, my heart could only twist and break and grieve for the goodness now wronged before mine eyes.”
            –Mrsha the Grieving, in regards to the time Numbtongue ate her lemon tart.
 
Little Ekirra loved soccer. Soccer was fun. Soccer was life.
He got to level because of soccer. No one had higher levels than he did! Mrsha said she did, but she lied all the time about stuff.
His parents were really happy about it too. They’d bought him his jersey, and Coach Joseph was great. He was bouncing his personal soccer ball with his team as they chattered on the way through the south gate—then Ekirra’s eyes went wide.
“I forgot my belt pouch!”
He’d left it in the inn when he went to practice with Mrsha before practice with the team! He’d been so nervous that Coach Joseph would be mad. He looked around.
“I can take your ball, Ekirra.”
One of the Gnolls who lived on his street offered. He handed it to her.
“Thanks! And my jersey? Don’t get it dirty!”
Sweat didn’t count, or dirt from the pitch. That was good mess. His teammate, Cheka, sniffed at him. She knew that! Ekirra scampered on all fours back the way he’d come—then remembered and began to jog on two legs.
“Where are you going little fellow? Practice has ended, right? We don’t want you getting hurt before your game with Esthelm in two days!”
One of the big [Guards] at the gate stopped Ekirra. He pointed.
“I forgot my belt pouch at the inn.”
The [Guardsman] glanced at his companions.
“Ah. Hm. Why don’t you use the door instead? Safer that way. We patrol, but there’s always the Razorbeaks who’ll go after kids—and the Shield Spiders.”
“No chance of a Razorbeak with Bird the [Hunter] watching the skies.”
One of the Drakes snorted. The Gnoll shrugged.
“You want to explain to Captain Z? I’ll take you to the magic door. Ekirra, isn’t it?”
The little Gnoll nodded gravely. Guards were always right, or so his parents told him. It would take longer, but then they asked for his autograph.
“If you score in the game, we’ll all buy you a treat! Best of luck!”
They were nice. Ekirra took the big Gnoll’s paw and they hurried to the magic door. By the time they got there…Mrsha was gone. So was Visma.
“Miss Visma has gone back to Liscor. I don’t know…where Mrsha is.”
Ishkr frowned around. He was responsible since Miss Erin was hurt. Up to a point; he let Mrsha ‘play’ with Ulvama and kept regular tabs on her as Lyonette had asked, but Mrsha could evade everyone but Erin when she wanted to. Ekirra nodded gravely. Ishkr sighed.
“I will go look for her. Here are your belongings.”
He handed Ekirra the belt pouch. Ekirra thanked him as the [Guardsman], satisfied, stepped back through the door.
“Good luck in your games!”
“Thank you!”
Ekirra waved. He was going to go back—but now he needed to pee.
