8.15
Page 43
Also because it was new. Trey Atwood nearly choked to death as the competing broadcast came to life. The Earthers of Wistram looked up, confused at what sport they’d had left to introduce? Basketball? Hockey? They saw Rémi Canada of course, and Elena was out of her chair, pointing. The [Mages] in a furor.
“Him and that Joseph! Why are they at large? How could High Mage Merzun have lost against Montressa in Liscor?”
Naili hissed at Beatrice. Eldavin, listening in past their shoddy spells, frowned. He hadn’t excluded Liscor from Wistram’s greed. He’d forgotten there were more.
A reckoning would have to come. He drummed his fingers on the table, then glanced at the scrying mirror set against the banquet hall’s wall.
“Am I to take it from your reaction that this is another aspect of Earth?”
Archmage Valeterisa eyed Elena with interest. The [Beautician] was spluttering.
“Yes! No! It’s—sort of, but we can’t play it!”
“That madman. That genius!”
Aaron stood up and applauded Rémi as the young man explained.
“This is a game dearly, dearly beloved in my homeland, Emir Elanna, and I can only thank the munificence of Queen Yisame that she has graciously recreated it for me here. To anyone who recognizes this—the game is known as the famous, nay, renowned sport of…”
Trey’s jaw dropped.
“What is it, Troy?”
Goelv asked, the Gazer’s eyes curious. The [Sand Mage] breathed the answer as his fellow students stared at him uncomprehendingly.
“Quidditch.”
The carpets rose into the air, and two actual broomsticks. Nervous Stitch-People holding bats, the enchanted balls, and of course, the golden object of possession all hovered higher. An enchanted sphere zipped about as Rémi explained.
“You see, this is a [Mage]’s game. I am surprised Wistram didn’t know about it.”
He raised an eyebrow. The Emir, clearly enjoying the ribbing at Wistram, laughed politely.
“Yet, as I understand it, players may hit these dangerous objects at each other? Even knock each other from the vehicles? Which is why all are warded with falling enchantments, of course. Such a violent game. Barbaric, even.”
“Ah, Emir Elanna, you know [Mages]…unconventional. However, I thought it would be lovely to showcase. Perhaps Wistram lacks the artifacts to field their own team?”
“We have to play! How did none of you think of it?”
Aaron bellowed as he left the table. George pointed at him.
“How come you didn’t?”
A barbaric game? They were laughing, clamoring to play! The first game of the fictional game from Earth that had never been realized in actuality took place as the [Mages] susurrated. Hardly barbaric! Trey shook his head. It was amazing! He realized he’d given away his cover, though, and was scrambling to explain to his friends—
…Right before the first fatality. A novice [Carpet Rider] lost control of her carpet.
She was of the String People, yes. Yes, she had enchantments. However, hitting the ground at nearly a hundred miles per hour meant none of that mattered.
The audience, Rémi, and the Emir all went quiet. Eldavin snorted quietly at his table.
“Fools.”
The Quarass did likewise, as she watched the same broadcast. The reason no one played that game was that flying was incredibly dangerous.
 
—-
 
There was a benefit to the death, however. Not to the grieving fiancé, the family, or the broadcast, which had to be terminated and all the hard work ended by the fatality.
However, there was a benefit. Just not for the living.
