8.15
Page 11
Ush stole the ball in a blur. Joseph cursed, but aborted the pithy words when he saw Ekirra and the Little Crabs watching the adults, learning. The little Gnoll’s ears were perked and he stared at his hero.
“Nice job! Get back here!”
Ush laughed. So did the other players vying for the ball; Lemiss got it in a diving kick that caught the Gnoll by surprise.
They loved the game. They took it seriously, they liked to level and they knew this might be a career for life. Ekirra’s parents had high hopes in him, which was why they’d enrolled him. Ekirra, leveling up at his age? They were beyond proud and encouraging.
“Coach!”
Lemiss passed. Joseph spun, caught the ball, headed towards Elmoin for a rematch.
He never made it. A second player, Maun, a female Gnoll, snagged the ball. Joseph lashed out—
“[Flash Kick]!”
At least knock it out of bounds, despite the kick. Or someone else would get it! Maun—
“[Evasive Maneuver]! Whoa! Scary, Coach!”
Dodged. And took the ball with her! It jumped Joseph’s foot. He sprinted after her, snagged it back. He was running in the clear now, as other players blocked Team B. He saw Ush coming from the side, but Joseph adjusted his body. They were going to vie for the ball and he was nearly ready to score.
He had [Power Kick] waiting. Joseph took the ball around him. He juked, feinting left—
Ush stole the ball again. He zoomed past Joseph, looking delighted. The young man slowed. Then he felt it.
I am outmatched.
It was a realization. Not a question or suspicion. He’d gotten the ball thanks to being passed to, but even as he ran back to position, he saw it.
Felt it. Joseph lost the ball six more times. He shot twice on goal. Both times blocked.
It was like the one time a college player had decided to bully the high school team. He’d walked onto the pitch and stolen every ball, scored with every shot. Faster, stronger—
More than that, better at the game. Talented enough to win a scholarship. It was that last which Joseph felt now.
Ush was one of twenty three players in Liscor, male and female, chosen for the team. Joseph had picked him during the try-outs for his ability to snag the ball like that. When he’d been teaching them, Joseph had run rings around an amateur. Now?
It was like trying to dodge a hurricane which snagged the ball each time. Trying to steal the ball back? Like trying to kick a spider dancing on a silken thread in the wind. The ball disappeared left, or right, and Ush grinned at Joseph as the young man slowed again.
“Stop taking it easy on us, Coach! Or we’ll get big heads!”
“Aha. I—”
They were moving too fast for Joseph to finish. Which was good because he didn’t have anything to say. That was what hurt most, by the by.
They thought he was better and holding back. The Flood Crabs looked at Joseph, teasing, admiring, after the game ended. Team A won despite Joseph, and they laughed.
Look at that. Taking it easy on us to show us it’s a team effort. Joseph could almost hear their thoughts as Lemiss joked with Ush. He smiled, unable, afraid to tell them the truth. He stood there, Joseph the Soccer Player.
“I think that’s it for today. Good hustle, team. I—oh?”
Some of the audience who’d come out to watch had flooded the field at this. Joseph saw an excited young woman, Human, thrust out something towards him.
“Excuse me—I’m a huge fan. Can I get an autograph?”
“Hey! You can’t just bother the coach! No civilians on the field!”
Ush looked outraged. Joseph saw the young woman’s face fall. He took the quill.
“It’s fine this time.”
