8.15
Page 16
Someone began playing a horn in the background, a jaunty tune as the words flashed around the magical ticker tape running across the bottom of the broadcast. Sir Relz blinked, and Drassi began speaking rapidly as someone held up the cue cards.
“This one’s a Pallassian exclusive. If you’re just tuning in…”
The viewer count began going up, as people were notified of the breaking news via their scrying devices. There were categories of news alert.
This was the lowest-level, which meant dramatic news, not wars or cataclysm, which were reserved for the highest-level alert. Even so…it was the news.
Ishkr stopped looking for Mrsha as the scrying mirror lit up. Ulvama, chewing on food, sat up, excitedly.
“…It looks like we’re in for sports news! I’ve just been given word that an upset is coming to the world of soccer!”
“Ah, yes.”
Sir Relz interjected, clearly trying to be part of the moment. He adjusted his monocle as he spoke rapidly.
“We’ve broadcast six games around the world, and there’s talk of bringing teams together to play a world-wide championship. Er—what’s the news, Miss Drassi?”
“Well—no, this can’t be right. Do we have a live-feed? Show me! According to this—”
The image shifted. The viewpoint became a [Mage]-on-the-ground. The city of Pallass and the steps stretched below the viewers, and there, in front of them, was a young man.
And a little brown Gnoll. Ishkr spat out his drink of water. So did a number of Liscorians including Lism.
“Joseph?”
Drassi was just as shocked as everyone else. She stared, then began reading the news.
“It says, Joseph the Soccer Player, whom we all know is…coaching Pallass’ team as well as Invrisil’s? He’s been contracted to coach both teams and—that dirty rat!”
She shot up, shrieking as the copper penny dropped. Sir Relz looked most amused.
“Come now, Reporter Drassi. Let’s be professional—”
“Professional? Professional my tail! He sold out! He’s supposed to be Liscor’s coach!”
“There’s no rule saying one cannot teach multiple teams—”
“What about loyalty? That double-dealing—this just in: I’m going to kick Joseph’s butt! Excuse me! I’m going to cover this one in person.”
Drassi tossed her papers and stormed out of the studio. Sir Relz took over. Yet there wasn’t as much commentating to do, because the image soon became just the feed from Pallass, not the news room.
 
—-
 
Joseph exhaled. He looked at the clear blue sky, and the people watching. Twenty three Drakes, Gnolls, Garuda, and Dullahans stood behind him.
A soccer team. Football, really. But who cared? Coaching…Ekirra looked up at him. Joseph adjusted his jersey. He spoke to the [Mage]-reporter, knowing he was on air.
“Yes, I’m teaching Pallass’ team and Invrisil’s. I’m sorry if that upsets Liscor’s team, or people who think of me as Liscor’s, but the truth is that it’s not quite fair to have me teaching one team. It might be I won’t matter, but for now I’m teaching all three teams to the best of my ability. No favoritism. Also, I’ll be donating a q—half of the money Pallass is paying me to Liscor’s team.”
“And what is it you’re going to do here? What do you have to say to threats made on your person by er, Reporter Drassi, and comments about loyalty to city or home?”
The [Mage] pressed Joseph. People saw the young man raise his hands, looking around, alarmed.
“Drassi? Tell her—tell her—”
He looked completely stumped for a second. The little brown Gnoll stared up at Joseph solemnly. At last, the young man barked a short, rueful laugh. He swept his hair back and looked up.
“Sorry. I just…like football. That’s all.”
“Football? Er—what about s—”
