8.15
Page 19
Agog, the Earthers of Wistram were crowding the scrying orb, looking at one of the most successful Earthers in the world. Who had climbed up to his position of fame by hard work and effort. Joseph—the Singer of Terandria, and perhaps Rémi Canada, although that was a stretch.
Of course, someone had to take it too far. Grimalkin’s death-run with the [Soldiers] of Pallass and Drassi’s comments sparked, as it did—competition. The sight of so many Drakes running in formation, espousing the rigorous training of Pallass prompted pushback.
“It looks like Liscor has some stiff competition in the next game, eh, Sir Relz?”
Noass was still sick, but he’d climbed into the broadcast booth to cover for Drassi. Sir Relz, who’d edged as far to the side as possible, politely nodded.
“Indeed, Noass. Also, a wonderful display of martial training from Grimalkin of Pallass. I believe that’s 1st Army’s elite regiments in training…oh?”
He raised a claw, the signal for viewers to understand someone was giving him new information. Sir Relz consulted a bit of paper held up behind the ‘camera’.
“I think someone has taken our [Reporter] on the ground a bit literally. Are we cuttin—”
Another image appeared in place of the training football team. Sir Relz and Noass recoiled as an army appeared.
An army on the go. The King of Destruction’s forces, with Maresar and Venith, were suddenly front and center.
Running. Practically sprinting, really. With his Skills active no less, so they were eating up ground. Venith, in his plate armor, the King of Destruction, likewise wearing armor sans a helmet, were marching across Chandrar’s arid landscapes.
“I heard someone thinks Drakes field the most fit army in the world!”
The King of Destruction was laughing as he ran, despite the heat and dust caking his armor. Sir Relz hesitated.
“Are we live? Can he—”
“Yes I can. Sir Relz, isn’t it?”
Flos shouted back. The Drake flinched.
“King of Destruction—er, your Majesty Reimarch, is this your way of challenging Pallass’ training?”
“You could say that. We just mopped up a Nerrhavian force and we’re running to catch another one! Damned chariots—I notice you didn’t cover that in your morning broadcast! True, it was a little battle, but I thought I’d prove how a real army moves!”
The King of Destruction somehow managed to shout while running. Behind him, a stream of [Soldiers] raced onwards. In fact—Noass blinked as he wiped at his nose with a handkerchief.
“Is your entire army…running?”
“Exactly!”
The cavalry had dismounted and were running next to their horses. The infantry were running in formation, and the only group not running were supply wagons at the back.
And Maresar. She was letting her horse canter next to her husband and [King], rolling her eyes.
“We’re headed for the Simel Gulf! Assuming Nerrhavia has the cloth to face us there! That’s about forty miles—I expect to be fighting by late noon! Let’s see Pallass’ army do that!”
Flos bellowed. Sir Relz looked at Noass.
“Er—your Majesty. Is revealing the position of your army, uh, wise?”
Venith clearly shared the opinion based on the scowl on his face. Trey Atwood and Calac Crusland stared at the scrying orb, and traded glances. With resignation, Trey anticipated Flos’ reply before it was even given.
“If there was a choice between being the center of attention or being strategic, I know which one I’d pick! Now—pick up the pace!”
