8.15
Page 14
As in…a lot of money. As in…Joseph probably exceeded Solar Cycle’s income at this moment. As in…he just wasn’t as principled as Kevin or Erin, he guessed.
He was so swept up in all of the hustle and bustle as they took him to meet Pallass’ team; handpicked twenty three, some former adventurers, with dedicated family apartments, a huge salary, personal trainers, weights room, everything Liscor could dream of, yet they’d still gotten their asses kicked, that Joseph didn’t have time to really take in Pallass. He only looked around from the people asking him for autographs, a ‘game plan’ for Pallass’ unique strategy, his take on the upcoming Liscor-Invrisil match, when he heard the commotion behind him.
“Let me go! Let me go! I’m a Little Crab! Joseph is my coach! Not your stupid city’s!”
Joseph’s heart sank through his shoes. He turned and there was Ekirra. The little Gnoll stopped, stared at Joseph’s jersey, and looked like he was about to cry.
“J-Joseph?”
The sheer look of betrayal hurt more than it should. Joseph opened his mouth—then noticed the wall of muscle holding Ekirra.
“This little Gnoll slipped in past you. Joseph, isn’t it? We clearly need to update the security system, although I’m pleased the ward spells didn’t blast him to pieces. So there is that.”
Grimalkin of Pallass held Ekirra by one huge claw. The [Sinew Magus], the most built Drake that Joseph had ever seen, looked down at Joseph, face impassive. Joseph looked at Ekirra. The little brown Gnoll stared at him. He looked at the bemused backers of the team, the [Strategist], two of the players, and bellowed one word.
“Traitor!”
 
—-
 
Joseph sat in the office Pallass had given him, even if he was splitting his time between three teams now.
Ekirra hit him. Joseph didn’t move. Ekirra punched his leg. Joseph let him. Ekirra opened his mouth—and someone stopped him from biting.
“Listen, Ekirra, is it? There’s nothing wrong with this young man teaching multiple teams. He is not a player.”
A Drake with wings tried to explain to Ekirra. He let go of the Gnoll as Ekirra twisted to bite; the football player backed off as Ekirra spat, looking at Joseph.
“He can’t teach you! He’s Liscor’s coach. It’s not right!”
“Listen. Let’s try to be mature about this…”
Good luck with Ekirra. Joseph rubbed at his aching leg as Ekirra spat, keeping the other players from grabbing him with the power of expectoration. Besides which, ‘be mature about this’? If Joseph heard a coach from his favorite team was teaching a rival on the side…
He understood how Liscor would feel, that was the point. Loyalty. It was just…
…A lot of money. Joseph didn’t have a bigger reason than that. However, ten thousand gold pieces for a month? And that was from Invrisil.
“I’m sorry, Ekirra. I’m not taking sides. Nor am I coaching during the games. It’s just—a career. A really good deal.”
“I thought you liked us.”
Ekirra stared up at Joseph. His eyes were round. Then hurt. Then—he sat down and began to howl and cry.
Joseph would have preferred being stabbed. That was how it felt. Imagine if his heroes had just sold out like that in front of him?
“We should get this little Gnoll back home. The secret’s out, but that won’t compromise much more than the shock value…”
The Drake [Strategist] was trying to speak over the howls. She gestured and a Pallassian Guard reached for Ekirra.
Joseph stopped the Drake. He bent down and picked Ekirra up. The Gnoll instantly went back to punching, but Joseph turned him around.
