8.15
Page 42
“A terrible tragedy. Hectval—to inform our viewers, the city of Hectval launched a raid that—I understand measures were taken to preserve her life and Liscor and Hectval are in a state of war—but the [Innkeeper] known as Erin Solstice passed away roughly…”
He went on. Rabbiteater didn’t hear it. He had dropped the scrying orb.
“Ser Solstice?”
The Spring’s Warden said something. Greysten turned to Rabbiteater, mirth forgotten. Ser Calirn reached out. Too slowly.
Rabbiteater felt the world sinking around him. He realized it was not the world—he was.
He fell backwards, darkness closing in. He had never passed out, not in battle, not when he was wounded, bleeding. For the first time in his life, he let oblivion take him.
Rather than face the truth.
 
—-
 
It was the last note of Drassi’s broadcast. She left, unable to continue recording and Sir Relz took over to apologize.
It was a sad moment to interrupt all the entertainment of the day. Too much reality, interjected into television.
That was the distinction between life and media. Uplifting, depressing, pure melancholy, slice-of-life—each to their own moment.
Silly and grand. Action-packed and trivial.
“So. Another one of us is gone.”
Rémi Canada slowly exhaled. He slowly crossed her name off the list. He had worked so hard to uncover it. Yet like so many…they were gone when he looked for them. Like the group he had parted ways from at A’ctelios Salash.
A cruel world. A realistic one. He slowly turned back to what he was working on. He would pray for Erin Solstice later, if he could find the words and belief.
Today? He turned to the head of the broadcasting studio. Not—Wistram’s, but the elegant Stitchwoman, Silk-caste, of Nerrhavia’s Wonders, the Chandrarian-broadcast studio.
“Bad news, Journalist Canada?”
She attempted to look properly contrite for his loss, but Rémi just shook his head.
“No one I knew personally, Emir Elanna. Is everything prepared?”
The woman flicked her fingers slightly as she replied, a refined gesture with multiple layers of meaning.
“To a modicum of satisfaction. Such a barbaric game. Yet you assure us that Wistram will find it of note. I can well assume the spectacle will attract such event. Such that Nerrhavia’s splendors will acquire their deserved place in the spotlight.”
That was a ‘yes’, which Rémi interpreted after a moment. He nodded, and the Emir gestured elegantly.
“Let us begin the spectacle.”
She intoned, and into the air, the [Journalist] looked.
Of course, he knew Wistram was making an event of football. The Canadian [Journalist] was also aware people who met with Wistram’s agents tended to disappear, probably to Wistram. He had watched the [Popstar]’s performance, after all.
Well and so, Rémi had mixed feelings on how to influence global events, if at all. This? This was more in giving Nerrhavia and by extent, Chandrar, a bit of fair ground in the war for attention.
For Earthers, a hint that not everything came from Wistram.
…And mainly because it was a lot of fun.
“Grand viewers of Chandrar and the world over! I am Emir Elanna of Nerrhavia’s Fallen! It is my delight to introduce you to another new ‘sport’, that has not been showcased before on live broadcast!”
At least this woman had the right stage presence for the job. As her broadcast came to life, Wistram News Network itself began to lose viewers as Nerrhavia’s Fallen literally bought attention.
