8.15
Page 36
“That is no longer a possibility. Calectus. The Hundredfriends Courier is docked at the harbor. She plans to escape with him! Do you think our company can or should clash with a Sea Courier of his reputation?”
Oh no. Seve! Geneva saw Calectus’ face change. He gave the other Selphid the same look—then his face was anguished.
Then resigned. He straightened and sighed.
“It seems you are correct, Magus.”
“Calectus, don’t—”
Geneva looked around. The window? She began to edge over. And her feet abruptly stopped. She tried to make them move. Yet…the [Honor Guard] was looking at her now. He spoke solemnly.
“Doctor Scala, I respect your desires. However, the Minds of Selphids gave me clear instructions. Idis.”
Geneva’s body had already stopped moving of course. Now, it straightened, with a [Soldier], a [Warrior]’s precision. Even saluted the other Selphid. Geneva heard a whisper from within her.
“I’m sorry. I warned you!”
They had known from the start. Geneva was helpless. The Selphid [Mage]’s eyes were triumphant. Yet—even as Geneva struggled against her own body and knew she would never win, she wondered how they had known she was leaving to begin with!
The answer became apparent as Calectus looked around and glanced over his shoulder, his head rotating a hundred and eighty degrees.
“It seems we must engage our contingencies. Make the company ready. Doctor Scala is mostly prepared, which aids us. Grab any additional tools. Prepare to move out.”
“Yes, commander.”
Selphids moved into the clinic, smoothly grabbing additional supplies. Geneva tried to move her mouth.
“This is a mistake. How did you even…?”
She saw Calectus gesture. One of the Selphid [Mages] walked over to a wall. He rubbed at the blank plaster—and a glowing rune appeared.
A listening spell. They’d bugged her clinic! And Idis had known—that was why she’d been arguing out loud—
“I’m sorry.”
Geneva stood there, at military attention as Calectus looked at her.
“Doctor Scala, your level has risen high enough. I must insist you accompany us.”
It wasn’t even hard. Idis moved Geneva’s body so there was no struggling. No fight to give. She just sat in the coach after leaving the clinic, lying to her staff’s faces. Only when she was given her tongue back did Geneva look at the Selphids.
“Do you think you can force me to help you?”
The Selphids looked at her. Calectus looked slightly ashamed, yet he was still direct. He spoke, quietly.
“Frankly—yes. I’m afraid your moral convictions are clear, Doctor Geneva. We are desperate. We cannot risk you dying on Izril. We…I am sworn to defend my people. Thus, my class. Even if I must cast aside honor to do so.”
He exhaled, though it was an unnecessary gesture. Geneva saw him turning, and felt her pivoting to walk with him.
“Don’t do this, Calectus. Please.”
The Selphid [Honor Guard] looked at her. Then he gestured.
“Your company will be untouched. They will not be able to follow us. We are taking you to one of our bases. The Minds await. Move out.”
That day, the Last Light of Baleros—
Vanished. Straight out from under the noses of all the observers, Niers’ students, and her company.
 
—-
 
It was football. Or soccer if you were weird. Really, it depended on perspective. The point was…was it coincidence, or was it football that caused this kind of day?
This…Empress Nsiia had gone through the worst days of her life. Yet the problem was, it was never a single day.
It repeated. So, she shed a few tears. Armsmaster Dellic and some of Illivere’s fittest warriors hovered, uncertain of why she was crying.
Surely not vanity? It was not that.
