8.15
Page 38
Joseph walked into the wall. Yet it wasn’t done. The voice in his head kept shouting, as if it was as amazed as he was.
 
[Conditions Met: Coach → Famed Coach Class!]
[Conditions Met: Famed Coach → World-Renowned Coach Class!]
[Skill – Eyes of Talent obtained!]
[Skill – Unveil Potential (Magical) obtained!]
[Skill – Legendary Reputation obtained!]
[Skill…
 
Joseph felt Ekirra wake up. He saw the little Gnoll yawn. Wide-eyed, Joseph looked about.
“Oh my god. I broke it.”
He practically ran into The Wandering Inn, holding up Ekirra, wanting to stare at the news. It had to be that! How many people had seen Joseph? How many people had treated his advice as a lesson? It was the class. Teacher to the world. He held Ekirra up as both stared at the scrying mirror. Ekirra’s eyes widened as it flicked to another viewpoint. Joseph blinked. He forgot about his new class for a second.
Two seconds later, he tossed Ekirra out of the common room.
 
—-
 
Empress Nsiia of Tiqr, or at least, what they called her on the news, did a juggling trick with a soccer ball. Then she kicked it.
It bounced off Armsmaster Dellic’s face. Nsiia laughed as he jerked in surprise. No one else was really fielding the ball, either. So she just ran.
The [Scrying Mage] tracked her with his eyes as she ran. Incidentally, Nsiia knew she was live.
General Vasraf was summoned from his tent by a shout. He stared at the scrying orb, and his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets.
Salii, letting the [Martial Artists] continue their training exercise despite the cameras not being on them, looked up at the shout. The citizens who had fled Tiqr were staring at one of three scrying devices that all of Pomle had. Some were staring. Others…laughing. Or cheering.
Why? Salii glanced at her orb. She blinked, checked her spectacles.
“Oh. How clever.”
“Scandalous!”
Sir Relz lost his monocle. Drassi was blinking, half-using her notes as a shield. She turned to the Drake.
“Uh—who decided to show this?”
“Not me! It’s indecent! There are children watching it!”
“Wow. So someone in Wistram is a pervert.”
Drassi smiled. Then amended her statement.
“I suppose it’s topical. Er—this is almost definitely Empress Nsiia, formerly of Tiqr, the Empress of Beasts. Is this how she normally exercises, or do you think it’s special?”
“Why are you asking me?”
Sir Relz snapped. Drassi gave him a look.
“Well, I wouldn’t know.”
She gave another glance at the scrying orb, which was getting a lot of angry [Message] spells. Eldavin strode into the scrying room.
“What is wrong with you people?”
But it was too late. Someone had indeed decided it was exceptionally topical to feature Empress Nsiia running around the walls of the city. She wasn’t doing anything special or running particularly fast. A few Golems were chasing after her, with blankets, as Magus-Crafter Femithain realized what she was doing.
Yet she had gotten herself on television. The only way she knew how.
Nsiia was not topless. Because that implied there was other clothing on her. She was running, laughing, waving an arm at the [Mage] keeping her in view as Armsmaster Dellic and some of the soldiers followed. They seemed uncertain of what to do. Nsiia had begun removing clothing and, well, gotten a lot more attention from the [Mages] screening the submissions.
General Vasraf stared at the Empress of Beasts evading a chasing Golem trying to insert a modesty-blanket into the scene. Sir Relz and Drassi were arguing—Sir Relz actually to keep it up.
“Er—well—she’s clearly making a statement, so if we’re showing her—”
