8.15
Page 5
“We’re getting more [Smiths] to work on the mundane bikes. This is so good. Imani’s like, a saint. Sorry, I haven’t eaten all day! I mean, yesterday.”
“No problem.”
Joseph rubbed at his head, repeating himself. He was definitely out of sorts today. Perhaps it was the comparisons.
It was a bad idea to compare yourself against people. Especially in this inn, but in general. Even after Erin had…well, it was comparisons that haunted Joseph, he realized.
“I can take your other plates and stuff.”
“Dude. Appreciated. I can get them though…I just have work and a meeting in like—uh—what’s the time?”
“It’s not a problem. Do your thing.”
Joseph grabbed a stack of six plates and cutlery. Kevin gave him a grateful look.
“You’re awesome, man.”
No, you are. Joseph saw Kevin gobbling his food. He had a meeting with Pelt in a few minutes, and he’d be negotiating with a [Merchant] later today.
Kevin’s strengths were his ability to get along with people, his knowledge of how to run a shop, write a ledger, and frankly, knowing how a bicycle worked. The fact that he could get along with Pelt, the Dwarf [Smith] who was cantankerous as any old man Joseph had met, was amazing.
A bit of Erin in him. By the same token, Imani’s skills were managing a kitchen’s supplies, cooking of course, teaching, and having sex with horse-guys.
Joseph thought about that last part. He slapped the side of his head in an unfriendly way. That hurt. Seriously though, how did…?
As he trotted back through the doorway, Liska wrinkled her nose at him.
“Better put those to be washed. I guess I have to do it. Don’t eat anything off them until they’re scrubbed, though. One of them has mold on it.”
“Oh. Thank you, Liska. Er—thanks for getting the door, too.”
He only remembered to thank her this time. She growled.
“You’re welcome.”
Yet she looked a bit mollified. Joseph wanted to remember to do things as mundane as thank people for making breakfast and so on.
…But he was not a Kevin. Not an Imani, either.
He was not a Leon or Troy, he was pretty sure. That was a low bar, though. However, Joseph could look at himself and find less amiability than Kevin. A bit more xenophobia, like seeing Palt and Imani together and wondering…did they have sex? More envy, oh yes. Less control with things like drinking.
Less of being the good, or decent person he’d thought he always was.
 
—-
 
Imani had put out food for Joseph. A very fine…Joseph’s face fell.
It hadn’t occurred to him as Kevin ate to note breakfast. The [Engineer] had made it vanish instantly, anyways.
Breakfast was pincho, pincho de tortilla, a potato omelette from Spain. Nostalgic, and Joseph realized he must have mentioned it to Imani. Thus, the [Chef] had taken the time to make it for him.
He ate it, savoring each nostalgic bite and felt worse. Comparisons haunted Joseph. For instance, as mentioned, it wasn’t just Imani or Kevin that made you feel bad about yourself.
Feeling proud of being able to bench a hundred and eighty pounds? Stare at the weight room list, or just watch Bezale work out in the mornings.
Think you were good at chess? Play Bird or half of the Antinium. Bird had somehow evolved to the point where he had once beaten Joseph while never looking at the chessboard. He’d learned it from Erin, of course.
Think you know misery? Mrsha, Ryoka, and half the inn could tell you about real trauma.
Of course, all this was a futile effort to begin with. Everyone had their strengths and weaknesses. Each person was able to do something the others were not, and etcetera, etcetera, value yourself. Joseph knew that.
