8.15
Page 35
Calectus, [Honor Guard] of the Selphids looked down at Geneva in silence. His features were dead and though he mimicked his host-species’ naturally less-emotive states, he was plainly disapproving.
Reproachful, even. He adjusted the loose Dullahan’s head attached to the body and spoke.
“Geneva. I had hoped that the actions of my people earned us more trust than this.”
The [Doctor] fell silent. He knew. Calectus was not alone, either. A group of four Selphids stood behind him. However, she still made the best attempt possible.
“What, I’m sure I have no idea what you’re talking about. I—”
“Izril is too far. Too dangerous. Did you not promise me you would help me save my people?”
The [Honor Guard] stood there, stiffly. He was disapproving. The other Selphids—less so. Geneva hesitated.
The truth was impossible to hide. So she stood, straighter, and faced him directly.
“Calectus. I intend to fulfill that promise. However, a patient needs my care in Izril.”
“One Human? You cannot risk your body, your life when we need your abilities here!”
A Selphid she did not know the name of scoffed. The [Doctor] met his gaze.
“It is not your right to tell me who I must treat. I am aware of the suffering of Selphids. However—”
She hesitated, but it was time to say it. She looked at Calectus again, then slowly touched her back, indicating the wound that had left her paralyzed. Then her chest.
“…This is not an equal relationship, or an unbiased one. Calectus. Okasha was proof of that.”
His eyes flickered. Some of the other Selphids exchanged glances. The [Honor Guard] inclined his head slowly.
“Nevertheless, Doctor Scala. My people die and suffer. Will you not reconsider? The Bodies of Fellden and I have orders regarding you. Orders which I must carry out. However—I would like to cooperate.”
Geneva hesitated.
“Do I have a choice?”
“Let us provide escort to your company. Perhaps act in your stead. If you wished the rest of your company to journey to Izril…”
“Calectus, that is not within the scope of our mission.”
“It could be.”
The Selphids were not united. Calectus’ head swung around to address a Selphid behind him, looking irritated at the lack of unity in front of Geneva. The [Doctor] peered at him, trying to gauge his reactions.
“If I promised to return? If you went with me…?”
Calectus frowned. Again, the Selphid in robes, one of the [Mages], answered for him.
“The Minds will not allow this. Need we ask for instructions, Calectus?”
The voice was warning. The [Honor Guard] shook his head after another second. He met Geneva’s eyes, looking torn.
“I am sorry, Geneva. Hollow words though they are.”
She exhaled, slightly. Lifted her hands; they were sweaty.
“…Then I will abide, Calectus. I will remain here. Perhaps if the United Nations company were given escort instead of me—that would be amenable.”
He began to nod. The other Selphids hissed. Calectus held up a hand and stepped back.
“A moment, please, Geneva.”
They began arguing, one of them deploying a [Silence] spell. Geneva saw Calectus began to speak—then gesture more emphatically. The angry [Mage] retorted—Calectus lifted two fingers. Then lowered one.
The other Selphids went quiet. Geneva’s skin prickled as she felt, as she had on the battlefield, the propensity for violence or…
“Calectus. I will stay and treat the Selphids. Do no harm. Any of you.”
He looked up and nodded. Geneva looked at the other Selphids.
If only it could have ended at that. However…the [Mage]’s eyes narrowed. They put a hand to their temple, and their eyes widened, then became triumphant.
