8.15
Page 4
Perhaps. Joseph didn’t air the thought, yet he let it ride as Ekirra and Mrsha played. Visma had joined them too.
It might have been Imani shared the sentiment, because she’d exiled them to the Garden. The lower garden of course; they’d never climb up the hill.
“Morning, Joseph.”
She greeted him with a smile. He tried to answer her. Imani clearly made an effort to smile. Why shouldn’t he try?
“Hey, Imani. Uh—how are things?”
It was about as bad a question as you could get. How are things? Yet Imani took it in stride, briskly handing him a plate with delicious smells wafting from it.
“Good. I’ve got work in fifteen minutes. Your food’s hot.”
“Thanks—”
“That’s not for you. That’s for Kevin. Take it to him, would you? He never showed for dinner so I think he’s passed out in his shop in Esthelm.”
“Oh.”
Joseph lamely re-covered the plate. Imani smiled again and he reflected she’d stepped up to her responsibilities.
Perhaps it was teaching [Cooks]. Perhaps that was who Imani had been before trauma and Crelers. The inn had given her back her life and confidence.
Plus, a boyfriend. Palt nodded at Joseph, eyes knowing. Joseph felt it odd that he was used to seeing a giant Centaur trotting about and giving Imani a peck on the cheek.
“Hello, Imani, verdant bloom of the jungles.”
“You told me all of Baleros’ most vivid flowers are poisonous, Palt.”
“Er, so I did. Late night, Joseph? Need a pick-me-up?”
The [Illusionist] and [Smoker] could definitely tell. Joseph grinned lamely.
“I have a potion, thanks.”
“Cigar?”
Imani swatted it down. Joseph hadn’t been sure he’d have taken it.
“I told you, it’s unhealthy, Palt.”
“And I told you, that’s what [Healers] and potions are for.”
The Centaur was unmoved. Also, Joseph knew everyone save for Galina had tried or used Palt’s cigars from time to time.
“At least not when you’re eating. It ruins the taste! I have to go.”
“Who’s looking after Mrsha?”
Joseph hesitated, pointing to the three playing kids in the open door. Imani glanced at him quizzically.
“Ishkr.”
“Oh, right.”
That was that. Imani left, briskly, not unfriendly at all, with Palt in tow. Joseph looked at the food, headed for the door.
“Going somewhere, sir?”
A surly Gnoll greeted him. She was shorter as Gnolls went, and had the barest attempt at a smile on her face.
“Er—Liska? I’d like to go to Esthelm.”
“Right away, sir. Will you be returning soon? I will check for you in ten minutes, then. Have a lovely day.”
She said it in the tone that indicated her older brother had been lecturing her about proper service. She was in charge of the door, though, and Imani and Palt were already in Liscor. Joseph trotted through, thinking.
Imani had made it and seemed to have no regrets. Erin and Ryoka were the examples to look up to. In the same way…
Kevin was indeed asleep at his desk. He sat up as Joseph opened the door to the back room of Solar Cycles.
“Your Majesty, I’m aw—oh. Hey, Joseph.”
Joseph would have laughed—but that was the eighth time Kevin had done that. Joseph offered the covered plate and Kevin’s eyes widened.
“Is it breakfast already? Dude, thank you. I must have dozed off and…”
He lamely indicated his desk. Lamely, but not to Joseph. The sheets of orders tacked to the walls, the schedule Kevin had drawn up, not to mention the fact that he was keeping inventory, working on new blueprints for the bicycles, and essentially starting a business by himself with international clients was…amazing. Joseph handed Kevin the tray and saw how hungry the young man was.
“No problem, Kevin. How’s business?”
