8.15
Page 39
“What if it was a naked male Drake! Gah! You’re disgusting! Noass, get in here! I’m leaving!”
Drassi frowned as someone approached her with a [Message]. Chaos in the studio.
Vasraf saw Nsiia’s head turn. She looked at the viewer. Across the world, people got a good view of…everything, as she stopped and faced the viewers.
Was it sheer vanity, madness, the King of Destruction’s desire for attention that had prompted it? Certainly, it had an effect on a number of people.
Including the Siren of Savere, whose eyes narrowed dangerously. Reminded of her nemesis. Queen Yisame delicately averted her eyes, but both glared.
That did not look like a miserable prisoner under Femithain’s aegis, did it?
It was not for either one that Nsiia did this. Not for attention. She looked into the scrying mirror, and the world’s second nudist on television’s smile wavered.
The [Wild General] felt like…she was staring at him. The warriors who had been looking at their leader looked at her eyes. Everyone else didn’t notice her expression at first.
“Get me a recording.”
Ieka whispered to a [Maid].
Saliss of Lights just rolled his eyes.
“Amateur.”
Then he saw Nsiia lift an arm. Her tanned skin glistened in the fading sunlight. Surely some [Poets] were already composing verses about curves and glistening and whatnot, as they did.
They were welcome to it. Nsiia had stopped smiling. She lifted her hand up and clenched it into a fist. For this moment, she had abandoned modesty, as if she needed it. She looked into the orb, at Vasraf, at her citizens who might see her wherever they had gone.
“People of Tiqr!”
Nsiia shouted, as loudly as her lungs could fill with air. The [Mage], Dellic, and the others stopped. Even the Golems hesitated. The woman went on.
“I am no longer your [Empress]. I have failed you time and again! Even now, some of you labor in chains, stolen from your homes. The herds have fled, our mighty friends lie dead. I am a prisoner in a cage made of kindness.”
Femithain looked at the scrying orb, hearing the voice shouting, then a delayed copy coming from the orb. Nsiia’s eyes shimmered with tears.
“Yet this I swear: while I live, while our people still fight for our home, Tiqr has not died! While my heart beats, I will find you wherever you have gone. So—live.”
“Shut it off!”
One of the [Mages] turned to adjust the spell. This wasn’t casual nudity, which Wistram could condone. This was—
Eldavin calmly kicked the [Mage] behind the knees. Down they went. Eldavin looked around.
“Let her speak. This is news.”
He looked at the [Empress]. She was still speaking, knowing her time was running out. Eldavin gave her the moment. Brave girls. He saw her, like so many, point at him. At…
“Vasraf! Don’t you dare die until we meet again. I command you.”
She spread her arms, unashamed, and shouted. Crying, thrusting an arm back up in the air.
“Tiqr falls! And Tiqr stands! Never forget! And give them no quarter! Tiqr stands! Tiqr—”
The image went blank. Then, turned to the two stunned Drakes in the studio. They said something—Vasraf didn’t hear them.
He was laughing. Tears running down his face as he laughed at his silly [Empress]. So too were the people in the tent. In Pomle, wherever they were.
Empress of Beasts. She wiped the tears from her eyes. Nsiia knew that when she slept, they would give it back to her. It was not a burden she craved. Yet for them, she would bear it again. She accepted a blanket from the Golem staring down at her. She saw Femithain walking out of the gates.
“You have quite made a mess of things, Empress Nsiia.”
