8.15
Page 46
It was her great fear. A true answer, perhaps one of the truest she had ever given. Erin hung her head as she stood before the dead women.
“Ah.”
The Drowned Witch sat back. The others looked at each other. Two hats nodded. Then, almost as one, the coven began to laugh at her.
Bubbling chuckles, laughter like crackling wood. A hearty, booming laugh from the oldest among them. They laughed at Erin.
“Hey. I was being heartfelt there. This is hurting my feelings.”
The [Innkeeper] protested. Yet, the [Witches] just guffawed in her face. The one made of wood spoke. Her tones were hollow, like that of Giants.
“SO SAYS THE CHILD WHO STOLE FROM THE ___S THEMSELVES. WHO STOLE THE BLADE OF KINGS!”
A leafy bough lowered, holding a hat made of leaves. The [Witch] looked Erin in the eye, not unkindly. That was just it. None of them were incapable of kindness. They might refuse to offer it, but it was in them.
Great kindness. Terrible wrath. And a desire…two vast eyes fixed Erin with a knowing look.
“IF AN ARMY STOOD BETWEEN YOU AND A SINGLE FRIEND, WOULD YOU LET IT BAR YOUR WAY?”
The reply came out of Erin.
“No. But I wouldn’t fight them. I’d—”
Another [Witch] interrupted. The Gazer blinked at Erin.
“If a wrong exists, will you not right it, if it is within your power? Do you let injustice walk before you?”
“That’s not—no, but—”
“I see foolhardy bravery. Burning passion. Cunning—so deeply hidden it fools even herself! All she lacks is the courage to admit what she is! I see all that is a [Witch].”
The others nodded. Erin felt like they were running over all her protests and objections, which of course was exactly what they were doing. She spread her hands.
“—What if I fail, though?”
Califor stood up. The [Witch] adjusted her hat, and looked Erin straight in the eye.
“To be a [Witch] is to try. You need not even bother to try. Do you think we would leave it to chance? You can struggle or protest or run. We will make you a [Witch]. Yet we will ask. Will you give it your all?”
The [Innkeeper] met her first teachers of the dead. She looked from gaze to gaze, ancient beings, terrifying power.
Women, people who had once been like her. None of them had forgotten it. That was the difference between them and Belavierr. Between them and the six…gods.
They waited. Erin sighed. Not in denial…just letting go of something. Excuses, probably. They drifted away in the land of the dead. It did not change her in any visible way, or who she was.
Perhaps, though…slowly, Erin relaxed her shoulders and straightened her back. She nodded.
“I guess I can try.”
The [Witches] smiled. As one, they nodded their pointed hats. Erin slowly sat as her lessons in the land of the dead began. She had already received her first one.
 
—-
 
A game of football. That night, Joseph relaxed in his bed, feeling more secure than he ever had before. Oh—Liscor’s people weren’t happy. Several had come to shout at Joseph, including Lism.
However, it could have been worse. What truly mattered though, was his class.
[Coach].
He was no great football player, for all he was the first to get the class. Joseph could accept that. However, he would try to become the world’s best football coach. He’d fight for that, especially with the head start he had.
A day in the sun and shine with consequence all around.
 
Geneva Scala was missing, and her disappearance threw Talenqual into chaos, not least her allies.
Empress Nsiia had regained the attention of her enemies. Tiqr fell, Tiqr stood.
The Grand Magus, Eldavin, prepared to shake Wistram’s foolish ways apart.
Mrsha had gone to Invrisil with a friend.
