8.15
Page 15
“I’m sorry, Ekirra. I am. I do like your team and I like Liscor. I hope you win and become a great f—soccer player. I am teaching your team as best I can—but Pallass offered me a lot of money.”
“B-but…don’t you like us?”
The Gnoll was snotting on Joseph’s jersey. The young man didn’t mind. He let Ekirra sniff.
“I do. Er—but it was a lot of money.”
“Like…a thousand gold coins?”
The [Strategist] snorted. Joseph just nodded.
“Something like that.”
Ekirra calmed down a bit. He knew money mattered. He still looked hurt. Joseph looked at him. If this was home? He wondered if he had to worry about being jumped in a back alley. That…might actually be an issue.
He sat there, as Ekirra sniffed and blew his nose on the yellow jersey made with silk. Joseph looked at the waiting team, the [Strategist].
“It’s the game, Ekirra. I can’t be on the Liscorian team. I’m not that good.”
Several incredulous snorts. Ekirra looked up at Joseph and the young man’s heart twisted as he admitted it. Then—he made his peace with that fact.
“I’m not that good. I do love soccer, though. Which is actually called football. Do you like the game?”
Ekirra nodded, wiping his eyes. Joseph smiled. Suddenly, he knew what he had to do. Back home…on Earth, you could really like your teams. Enough to brawl or kill people during games. Those were the fans.
Perhaps, if there was something else to change, it wasn’t just the rules. Joseph set Ekirra down and knelt.
“Well then, if you want, why don’t you help me train Pallass? Then you can see I’m not helping them more or less than Liscor.”
Ekirra hesitated. He sat there, looking up at Joseph. The young man offered him a hand. The little Gnoll slowly took it. Joseph looked up. He felt an Erin-feeling in his chest. Was this how she got to feel? Certain?
“Is this young Gnoll going to be accompanying us? I would hate for this to interfere with Pallass’ first training session, Coach Ortega.”
The [Strategist] looked skeptical. Joseph met her eyes.
“This little Gnoll played the first game of football in Izril with me. He might be able to teach your players a thing or two. He won’t slow us down. I’m ready to teach the team. Just one thing though—I have a condition.”
She glanced at the other players as the team stood there. Joseph smiled.
 
—-
 
“—just a sterling amount of silver, aha, pardon the pun. Now, I can assure you, Sir Relz, that the quality of the silver won’t appreciably depreciate—another little pun—for at least the next f—”
The droning voice of the [Merchant] over Wistram News Network was fascinating. If you liked economic talk.
Some people did, which was why they’d allocated the hour to business talk with Sir Relz and his co-host.
Usually Noass, but since Noass was sick…Drassi got the job. She was slumped, her chin resting on her claw.
Clearly falling asleep. She kept jerking and trying to look interested, but her eyes were literally drooping, and Sir Relz had given up nudging her. The Drake with the monocle was leaning forwards as if to make up for her lack of enthusiasm.
This was the news. Or rather, the 24/7 broadcast from Pallass. The most fascinating thing looked like it might be Drassi literally starting to snore on air.
…Right up until the Drake [Reporter] glanced up, blinked, and leaned over as someone whispered to her. She broke into the [Metals Merchant]’s diatribe with a bright, overly-loud voice.
“Excuse me! I’m so sorry, but we have a breaking news report!”
