8.15
Page 17
“Let’s go!”
Joseph turned and raised an arm. The soccer players broke into a surprised trot as an angry Drake pushed through the crowd behind Joseph. He called to the [Mage].
“We’re going to do a training routine—live! If anyone wants to watch, they’re free to copy it too!”
“What? Give me that—Joseph! Get back here! This is Drassi on the streets of Pallass! How many bones do you break if you get kicked down the staircase? We’ll find out now!”
Drassi snatched the scrying mirror from the surprised [Mage]. She ran after Joseph as Ekirra ran with him, the team following.
…The [Reporter] failed to catch up. She’d sprinted this far, and she found herself panting as Joseph ran down the steps. Ahead of him, the Watch was clearing the way. He held a football under one arm.
“Joseph! Joseph, do you mean it about donating the money?”
“I do! Don’t hit me, Drassi!”
She lowered the scrying orb she was using like a club.
“We don’t have anything but boring economics for this hour. Are you suggesting we broadcast your entire workout?”
“If anyone wants to learn how we do it, why not? At least the warm-ups! Unless Pallass has any objections?”
He glanced at the [Strategist] hurrying to keep up. She shook her head. Drassi turned.
“Hear that, Sir Relz? Someone get me a stamina potion. What’s our first step, Joseph?”
“Roadwork. Building muscles!”
They were storming down the stairs. Twenty three players, in an unscripted, but now live, very public event. A group of Drakes sitting at an outdoor café and watching the television glanced over as the team ran past them, then did a comical double-take as they realized they could see themselves.
“Why is running so important, Joseph?”
“Are you serious, Drassi?”
“No, I’m feeding you questions! Explain!”
The Drake snapped, shoving a speaking stone in front of Joseph. He laughed, and so did Ekirra, keeping pace.
“Well, you might run for ninety minutes straight during a game of football! Which is what it’s called by the way! Soccer is—a—a—colloquial term! We’ll be doing sprints, building up muscle every day, along with passing drills!”
“Even if they have Skills?”
“Especially if they have Skills! Skills don’t replace hard work or technique! Frankly, we might audition more players to see if some have the talent to make the roster! I didn’t choose the team!”
The players looked worried. They accelerated as Drassi and Joseph hit the second floor.
Behind them came Pallass. The [Sinew Magus], who had abandoned the excitement, glanced up from doing one-armed pushups on top of one of the railings that was creaking under his weight on the sixth floor. The narrow space and balancing act was part of his outdoor regimen.
“…Huh.”
Grimalkin stared at, to his eyes, two thousand citizens and growing jogging after Joseph and the soccer team. His students had increased exponentially, but his mass-exercise proposals and projects had never garnered even a tenth of this kind of excitement. He pushed himself up. They were running. The [Sinew Magus] started jogging.
 
—-
 
Joseph ran out of the gates of Pallass, grinning. The air felt fresh and warm. He felt alive.
The City of Invention’s vast, central eastern gate was wide open, letting a flood of people out past him. The team ran with thousands of citizens—those not already exhausted—around them.
“Pick up the pace! If Ekirra can beat you, anyone can outrun you on the pitch!”
Joseph called. Ekirra was running on all fours, but the little Gnoll could match an adult in a run or even sprint for a while. He was smiling. And the smile was infectious.
