8.15
Page 44
The bewildered ghost arose where she had died. Correspondingly, as the reality of her death set in, she was not lost to shadows, consumed. In fact, she was welcomed by the lines of ghosts, practically dragged before a council of royalty led by Khelt’s dead.
“Tell us what is happening in the world, child.”
The First of Khelt spoke, staring down at the little [Carpet Rider]’s ghost. For how else would the dead know what was happening in the world?
There were very few ways, Erin had learned. Séances, summoning rituals to bind dead to the living, were out of fashion because of course the ghosts had been fleeing the…things…all this time.
Now, it would be impossible in Izril, or virtually. Plus, the living had to make the effort in most of the ways. For the dead to call on the living?
Only a few methods remained, and the easiest—via Khelt, wasn’t working.
“Fetohep has left Khelt!”
One of the rulers cried aloud, frustration clear on his face.
“To give it life and expand the borders. We understand the reasoning, if not condone it. Yet the timing is ill indeed. Perhaps our enemy commands luck itself. Fate.”
“Take heart. Now—explain to us once again. What is ‘soccer’? We understand Wistram’s broadcast.”
The half-Giant ruler bent down and boomed to the quavering [Carpet Rider], staring at the dynasties of Chandrar’s greatest rulers and heroes.
“So as before, now again. Mass-communication spells link this world. In my era, it was naught to be surprised at.”
An Archmage sneered, as some of the rulers looked mightily impressed at the phenomenon. A [Sage] prodded her in the back.
“Your era was marked by the end of magic for nearly three hundred years, due to the experiments your academy conducted.”
“That was an accident!”
“Accident? Countless millions died screaming from what you unleashed! Magic ended.”
“It came back!”
Ghosts argued and bickered, silenced only when the greatest among them restored order. It was a sight to see, the conclave of the dead. If Erin could have watched, she would have.
However, Califor dragged her away from the ruckus to the eight.
Eight. An auspicious number, but Califor made nine, and Erin made ten. So…less auspicious. They didn’t care.
Eight [Witches] sat or stood in a former throne room of old. They looked at Erin.
[Witches]. Each one far greater than Califor had been in life. The greatest of their eras.
First [Witches]. Later—[Sages], [Heroes], [Monks], [Mages], and all the others who were vying to teach Erin Solstice. However, Califor had convinced the Rulers of Khelt to let [Witches] be first. How she’d managed that, Erin had no idea. Perhaps the First of Khelt simply agreed that their classes shared common ground.
“Ah. The living soul walks among us.”
One of the [Witches]’ souls was so old she had forgotten what she looked like. She was more wisp than person, and kept coming back into focus. When Erin did look at her, she saw a grand woman, reclining with fur instead of robes, legs crossed, a smile like mischief itself on her lips, and a feather in her witch’s hat.
All style, in short. Another [Witch] had eyes like a storm front itself was contained in them. Yet another was tall as two floors of Erin’s inn. Her skin looked like bark.
Legends. They sat, waiting, as the [Innkeeper] halted in front of them. Faced with the greatest of witch-kind that had ever died on Chandrar, Erin Solstice stopped.
Then she walked over to the nearest [Witch] and held out a hand.
“Erin Solstice. Nice to meet you. Wanna hamburger?”
