8.16
Page 4
“No, you will not. I have more need of you here, and you have sulked for over a month, now. My [Admiral] complained of storms the entire way back. You will stop mourning this [Innkeeper]. Her death was regrettable. But we do not allow you to return and starve yourself silly.”
Altestiel glared at her, and the court held their breaths. It was known that the two were, in fact, good friends and drinking buddies at times. However, their fights were also legendary.
“Go ahead and strip my lands. Exile me. I don’t care!”
The Earl dared the [Queen]. Every head flicked back to Geilouna as her eyes narrowed. Would she dare? Then the Bedtime Queen proved why she had managed to keep Altestiel’s loyalty and rule the famously temperamental Earl of Rains.
As the cloud of despondency over his head grew, soaking his retinue and the court, Geilouna pointed at him warningly.
“Altestiel. Stop sulking. If you rain on my sheets, I will marry you to Kiish and have done with it.”
The cloud stopped growing. Altestiel’s head rose, and his dripping hair was pushed back to fix his [Queen] with a scowl. But an uncertain one.
“You woul—”
“By right of the Crown of Waters, as [Queen] of this land, I now pronounce Earl Altestiel and Miss Kiish of Desonis as husband and…”
Geilouna uttered the phrase so fast that Altestiel was halfway across the room before he stopped, quivering. Kiish looked ready to faint—or cheer. The longtime aide and deep admirer of the Earl of Rains saw him slowly, slowly, bow, a huge glare on his face.
“By your gracious Slumbering Majesty’s will, I will stop sulking.”
However, the rain had stopped. Geilouna waved an indulgent hand.
“This pleases us, Altestiel. You are hereby granted clemency and poor Kiish the solitude of…not-marriage unless you sulk. In which case I will marry you two. Now, consult my [Generals]. Court, I have made many great strides in Desonis’ welfare today. I shall watch television and have brunch now. Dismissed!”
The court stirred. Altestiel glared at Geilouna.
“Am I to make myself helpful, then?”
Geilouna poked her head out from under the pillow fort she was making for herself and her animals.
“What? No. Go, do strategic things, Altestiel. I did not make you stop sulking for that. Rather, you have a guest. A quite charming one, which I would not see wait about fruitlessly. Go unto him. And…put in a good word for me.”
She gave Altestiel a meaningful stare as the Earl of Rains blinked in surprise.
“I would grant you an estate if you managed a date. Hint, hint.”
 
—-
 
The reason Desonis’ court—which was, actually, one of the eighteen most populous, if not the most impressive due to the marshy and often rainy weather and climate leading to a very strong desire for indoor socialization by the nobility who often attended the capital—had not descended on Altestiel, rain or not, was because someone else had eclipsed even the fame of the Earl of Rains.
Which was hard to do! However, the amazing, the unparalleled, the extraordinary [Lord] who stood at a center of attention had no equals.
Not in war. Not in fashion sense. Certainly not on the dance floor.
Lord Belchaus Meron, named the #1 currently-living [Lord] in the world, was no stranger to Desonis. Nadel to the east was his Kingdom, even smaller, but made famous because of his famous presence, which kept the entire region free of piracy. Another example of where subject eclipsed ruler.
Then again, it wasn’t the same as the story of Az’kerash either because the ruling family were huge fans of Lord Belchaus, or ‘Bel’ to his friends.
