8.16
Page 30
Krshia eyed the bracelet. It was expensive, not some cheap fake jade replica. The real stuff was worth gold. She frowned at the young Gnoll.
“Who gave you this?”
“Aunt! Aunt!”
Tkrn ran up, dragging Inkar behind him, Oor and Orreh. Krshia turned to him. The [Guardsman] panted.
“Aunt! There are stolen goods everywhere around me! Beilmark and I sensed it—all these goods are—”
“Return them now! I do not care what the Woven Bladegrass tribe is giving out! They are not yours to take!”
Cetrule howled. Krshia’s eyes widened. The copper penny dropped.
 
—-
 
“Raided caravans?”
“Five. The Woven Bladegrass hit Drake caravans on the trade roads. Worse—they passed out most of what they took. A ‘gift to the Meeting of Tribes’.”
Cetrule had confiscated everything he could find, but there were countless trinkets he’d missed. Krshia stared at the pile of goods and felt sick.
“Why would Woven Bladegrass do this? Much less give it out?”
Beilmark seemed agitated, and no wonder. As a Senior Guardsman, this was like finding a criminal gang under her nose and she was itching to do something.
The second part was easy.
“It spreads the guilt around. If young Gnolls take it—older Gnolls too—then the other tribes cannot object.”
“Chieftain Akrisa will. The other tribes—the responsible ones—will not allow this provocation.”
Cetrule promised grimly. Beilmark looked at him, then at Krshia.
“Why attack caravans, though?”
“Because they were Drake caravans. Woven Bladegrass does not see Drake cities as neutral, but hostile. They’ve always been in conflict with other Drake cities, since they were founded. They would like other tribes to join them.”
The [Shaman] growled, exasperated. Krshia stirred.
“They’ll start a war.”
She glanced at the others for confirmation. Cetrule nodded, angry, worried.
“That is what they want. We must press them to stop. Force them to stop! Chieftain Akrisa’s meeting with Plains Eye will be interrupted for this. Before more can happen—Krshia, will you come with me?”
She nodded and the Gnolls rose. They went to find the other Chieftains to make a mass-decision. More were hunting for the Chieftain of the Woven Bladegrass tribe, Chieftain Werri.
Of course, they were too slow. By the time the other Chieftains were demanding to know where she was, news of what she’d done hit them.
 
—-
 
Paworkers. They were a phenomenon in some Drake cities.
Even if they did not exist, many cities had far more acrimonious relationships between species. Mostly Gnoll and Drake.
It was a phenomenon that Senior Guardsman Relc was getting to know. However, this was not the city he had been sent to. This one was closer to the Gnoll Plains. For all that—or perhaps because of that—it had a bad reputation for inter-species conflicts.
Of course, they went one way in the City of Selpysh. It was Drake-held, and had strong links to the City of War, Manus.
It was just another day in one of the bars with a higher-than-average Gnoll presence. However, the Watch was cracking down on a fight.
A Drake had taken objection to a few Gnolls and decided to sort the matter out himself. Well—many such incidents occurred, between Drake and Drake, Gnoll and Gnoll.
But if you looked for it, you could find it. A bloody-mouthed Gnoll was being shielded by a female Gnoll smaller than he was, and the Watch didn’t care.
“You’re under arrest. What happened, sir?”
One of the [Guardsmen] went to grab the Gnoll, while the Drake gave an angry accounting.
“You’re just going to arrest him? Stop!”
