8.16
Page 45
Which was why [Merchants] used chests of holding. Wrymvr couldn’t strap it to his back, of course. And hands were useful—even a Soldier’s hands. Which was why he’d brought Goat.
It was a very nice chest of holding too. Even so, only half of the small ship had fit inside.
“Have to get second. Come, Goat.”
Wrymvr picked up the Soldier, who flailed again. Anand shouted.
“What—what have you done?”
The Centenium turned to him, looking as amused as he could be. The Drowned Person was running, but Antinium were already emerging from the Hive. To capture it. Wrymvr indicated the broken wreckage.
“Ship.”
He pointed at the distant Drowned Person.
“Shipwright.”
“Wh-wh—really? You just attacked—”
Anand was hyperventilating. Wrymvr hesitated. He looked at the Drowned Person, cleaned some blood off a mandible, and amended his statement.
“Just a [Pirate]. Anand will build ships.”
He took off again. Anand looked at the half of a ship. He looked at the Drowned Person, screaming, and then at Wrymvr, flying, clutching the flailing Goat under him.
He was never drinking again. See what happened?
 
—-
 
The potential for someone to change things was great. Krshia Silverfang knew that too. Of course, she was often surprised by chance-encounters and events. Just look at Tkrn and Inkar. She had no idea how that had turned into Lehra, of course.
Now, though, she thought that this would improve matters greatly. She waved from the hilltop where she’d been waiting and heard an answering howl. A group of [Riders] accelerated. Yet that was not who Krshia bounded down the slope to meet.
Rather, it was the strange vehicle and young woman determinedly peddling it towards the Gnoll camp. Rose looked sweaty, but she’d gotten the hang of riding—and the bike could actually outdistance the horses!
“Krshia!”
“Miss Rose. You are just in time, yes? So quickly, too! Where is Mrsha?”
“Not here, Krshia. Elirr decided she was too young for the trip.”
“She will have to come soon.”
Krshia scowled, but then beamed at Rose. Not least because Rose had brought the bicycle, spare sports equipment, copies of the plays—any number of gifts for Lehra and the other tribes.
“This is going to be amazing. Where’s Inkar? I have some electronics to show her—I want to hug her and ask her about everything! She must have been so—”
Rose was walking a bit unsteadily after days of riding the bike. However, her face fell as she looked at the other Gnolls. For all they were glad to be here in safety after their journey, their faces quickly turned from relief to…
“What is the matter?”
Krshia halted. Had they gotten wind of the Woven Bladegrass’ madness? Was it already affecting the other city’s dispositions?
No. Rose looked at the leader of the caravan. The Silverfang Gnoll looked at Krshia, gravely.
“We made it here, but we were barely ahead of the second group on the road, Honored Krshia. They’re right behind us.”
“What other group? Another tribe?”
“No. They came the same way as we—they left earlier, but moved far slower. They’re literally an hour behind. Az’muzarre practically ignored us. You—you may have to tell them to stop. They were ready to slaughter all of them, Pallass’ escort or not.”
Slaughter all of…? Krshia’s hair rose. She scented it, carried on the group. She spoke one word.
“Raskghar.”
They had arrived. Prisoners, yes.
But Raskghar. Krshia looked at Rose, then shook her head.
“Come. Worry not about Raskghar, no. You, Rose—come.”
