8.16
Page 38
Specialist forces. Everything Rags had lacked in previous battles. With time, with effort, she was creating an army based on what she thought could take on any foe. Now—she might have to put it to the test.
The last group of her dedicated forces present was manifest in the Ogre napping, ignoring the manufacturing going on.
The Ogre had 0% of the discipline of even the most basic Goblins in Goblinhome. He was one of eighteen warriors from the Tormek Al clan along with non-fighter Ogres who’d joined them. Rags sighed.
Somo would have to deal with discipline in her ranks. She was the female Ogre who had first volunteered to join Rags’ tribe. A ‘weak’ warrior among her clan, she’d greatly enjoyed the food in Goblinhome, but added to the need for more, as well as mana potions, which the Ogres took in payment for their services as happily as gold or jewels.
In return, they formed the shock troopers of Goblinhome. If Redscar’s or Poisonbite’s forces weren’t enough, or if it was a stand-up fight, in went the Ogres—as well as Calescent’s feared spicy-brigade, who laced their weapons with pepper dust. If you laughed at that, you’d never had him blow a handful of his secret blend into your eyes. Rags would rather have been stabbed in the stomach than face that after she’d asked for a demonstration.
Well, the Ogres might be ‘weak’ in Invek’s eyes, but Rags had quickly turned the Ogres into warriors the rest of their tribe would walk wide around. Not only had she asked Redscar to put some actual training and physical conditioning into the somewhat lazy Ogre warriors, she’d made use of their abilities.
They had thick skin like armor. So she gave them more armor. Each one was covered in iron or steel armor, even Wyvern bone or hide in places to make up for the need to adjust smaller sets to them.
When they went into combat, woe to the adventurers who faced them, because the Ogres would have the same gear as [Knights]—if not enchanted. Yet.
How many will I have to kill? Rags sighed. She leaned on the balcony as Bevussa spotted her. Had they ever met? She vaguely recalled…never meeting a Garuda in her life.
Badarrow was here, the leader of her archer squads, but Snapjaw was not. She was the head of [Wyvern Riders] now, having struck a connection with the huge, hungry beasts. Thanks to them, Goblinhome had mobility.
All of this meant that when Rags walked down into the manufacturing hall, the Gold-ranks stared at her like they’d seen Tremborag in war-form. Small she might be, but they saw what she had built.
“Dead gods, Captain. This—this is—”
“Shut up. Let me talk.”
Rags heard the Garuda whisper to one of the two Oldblood Drakes. She turned and after a second, bowed slightly.
“Chieftain Rags, is it?”
“Mm.”
Rags grunted. Badarrow eyed her, although Redscar’s face was carefully impassive. Bevussa looked at Rags.
“We’re friends of Erin Solstice. From…The Wandering Inn? You know her?”
“Mm. Tell them I know Erin.”
Rags turned to Badarrow, and the Goblin translated. She’d said that in Goblin tongue, not the common one. Bevussa eyed Rags. She nodded again.
“We are…sorry that we attacked your people. It was a mistake. We do not want to fight.”
She spoke more slowly. Rags grunted again. She nodded after a moment.
Stupid mistake. What had made Sharpstick think I told him to fight? She turned to Badarrow. He explained after a moment.
“Bevussa says it was accident. Not Sharpstick’s fault either. They said small [Strategist] did it. Titan.”
Rags’ brow wrinkled. A small Titan? She saw Bevussa exchange glances with her team.
