8.16
Page 43
Issa was cut off as she was gagged. Rags nodded to the other Goblins.
“What now, Chieftain?”
Redscar looked at Rags. She pondered for a moment, and met Bevussa’s gaze. Rags smiled. The nicest Goblin the Garuda would ever meet shrugged.
“No help for it. Before they tell—let’s raid.”
The Redfangs whooped and grinned. Rags swung up behind Snapjaw on the Wyvern. She turned her head.
“Bring the Gold-ranks too. We’ll drop them on the way.”
 
—-
 
Bevussa wished she could have kept her fat beak shut. She was a prisoner, dangling from a Wyvern’s claw as it flew. Goblins rode on the back, light as could be; they had bags of holding.
Perfect raiders. Damn it! I should have just asked later. But I had to know. I didn’t think she’d—
She thought Rags had been the Goblin that Erin had met and talked about. A kindly little Goblin.
Time had changed her. Bevussa had no idea who that [Rogue] was, but she knew one thing: Goblinhome was raiding.
Maybe the Humans. Maybe Pallass wouldn’t care? She owed it to her city to report it. She hoped Rags wouldn’t…force her.
But her hopes were dashed. As if to make a point, to dare them, Rags and her group flew onto a raid. Carn Wolves followed by ground.
They blindfolded the Garuda and Kin and Issa as they left Goblinhome, so they didn’t get a perfect aerial view of where the fortress was. Not that Bevussa needed it; she knew the rough area.
They could have let the three Gold-ranks go there. They could have, with only suspicions, a pair of boots, a few strange items like high-quality soap, manufactured, dyed fabric.
They showed the three everything. Two days after her capture and then release, as Eldavin’s great history lesson was going on, the Goblins let the prisoners watch a raid.
It was everything Bevussa had feared. Worse—Rags gave her orders, watching the history lecture on a scrying orb with half an eye for the battle. She pointed, once.
“[Fireball].”
The explosion consumed a trio of [Guards]. Bevussa saw the last go flying like a toy doll. She wanted to believe…no.
That was not non-lethal. If she had any doubts, watching the Redfangs on Carn Wolves descend and attack the survivors of the Thunderbow’s ambush settled her doubts. They swung their blades with lethal efficiency, and then the Goblins stripped the caravan.
Worse—this would mean intervention. This was not something Pallass would entertain, to weaken the north.
They were Drakes dying. Rags looked at Bevussa, from her perch where she’d directed the slaughter.
“Do you see?”
Bevussa saw. She glared, gagged, unable to speak. Rags looked at her. She gestured.
“Not yet. Snapjaw! How many more caravans by scout?”
“Three. They want supplies bad. Big escorts.”
Rags snorted.
“Take them.”
She and the Goblin warband were on the wing within twenty minutes. They dove out of the skies on the second caravan. Bevussa saw Rags sitting on her Wyvern. The Goblin Chieftain bellowed.
“Loose!”
Like a [Commander]. Like a miniature [Warlord] in green. Her sword pointed, and the Drakes looked up at the unfamiliar voice. They scrambled—
Six huge Hobs who’d set up Thunderbows fired. The bolts took out the [Caravan Leader], the head of the [Guards], a [Mage]—and they were reloading.
Redscar raced out of cover, whooping. Snapjaw and her Wyvern dove from above, dropping a stone from a bag of holding that sent the [Guards] scrambling for cover.
A second slaughter. Bevussa saw Rags turn to her.
“Do you see?”
Bevussa struggled to shout. Kin and Issa were staring hatred. Rags looked at Bevussa. Pleadingly? No—not even that guiltily. She spoke.
