8.16
Page 44
“I was angry. I am. Figure it out. Third caravan. Snapjaw, go!”
They flew. The third caravan knew. They were spread out, using the wagons as cover. It didn’t matter. Rags blew apart one barricade with a [Fireball], her magic. She set up the Thunderbows out of the Drakes’ range and made them sally forth or die. This time the Redfangs loosed bows, refusing to even close.
A bloodless victory on one side. Death on the other. Bevussa saw halfway through the last Drakes dying, refusing to surrender. Drakes did not run.
She began laughing hysterically through her gag. Rags looked at her. She began laughing too. She cut at Bevussa’s gag and stood back. The Gold-rank Captain focused on Rags. She inspected the distant caravan, which the Goblins were setting to light after looting it of whatever they wanted. But before they did, she spoke.
“Hectval.”
Issa and Kin stopped struggling. They peered at the caravan and guards. The Drake caravan. No Humans, no Gnolls, which was odd if you thought about it. Liscor wouldn’t run a one-species caravan.
Rags grinned. She gestured, and her Wyverns took wing. She was raiding caravans. She was attacking…just not every target.
The reason Hectval-Luldem-Drisshia had not attacked Liscor was due to the distance, and their defeat, however pyrrhic it had been. Also, fear of the Antinium.
But also because every trading caravan had been hit in the last month. Only with an army’s worth of [Soldiers] for an escort would their mysterious attackers not strike.
It was not justice. However. Rags was content with that. She looked at Bevussa’s expression, and nodded.
“One more stop. Then you go.”
 
—-
 
A truth of all species was that change was inevitable. Smart peoples prepared for it, as Rags had known Goblinhome would always one day be revealed.
Change. Sometimes it was individuals.
Anand had not moved since Wrymvr had left, although it had been about eight hours. He spoke.
“You are lucky. You—ancestor of mine. For you know nothing of pain except…pain. Which doesn’t hurt as much as feelings.”
The little ant crawled on his finger. Anand stared at it, and then flicked it off him. He lay on his back.
Until he heard the thrumming. The vast beating of wings unlike any bird or creature in the skies save one.
Wrymvr the Deathless had returned. He was carrying something too. Anand heard the screaming long before the Centenium landed. He gazed up. His mandibles opened wide.
“Goat? What happened to you?”
He scrambled to his feet. The Soldier slid off Wrymvr’s back and lay on the ground in a ball. He hated flying. Anand looked at Wrymvr, shocked, angry!
However, he realized the screaming hadn’t stopped. After all, Goat was a Soldier. They didn’t make sounds the same way as Workers.
Slowly, the [Strategist] turned as Wrymvr put something on the ground. It scrambled away from the Centenium, screaming.
“Antinium! You monsters! Dead gods—fleets take me. I’m—I’m—”
Anand saw the half-fish features. The duskier skin. His mandibles opened wide.
“Seborn?”
The Drowned Person turned to him and Anand realized—this was not Seborn! Seborn was male. And the fish-parts were different. He slowly rotated.
“Wrymvr. What have you…done?”
For answer, Wrymvr gently pulled something off his back. Even a good bag of holding could only store a certain amount of material. Perfect bags of holding like the ones Ryoka Griffin had were magically neutral—but couldn’t hold more than the contents of a single room at most.
