8.16
Page 9
“I lost. I never even made it to her. ‘Someone’ was playing via a magical chessboard. Sound familiar? And—”
As Lord Bel nearly choked on his shrimp, Altestiel went on, savoring the bitter pain of watching the other [Lord]’s reactions.
“And Chaldion of Pallass decided to show up, just to play in a little tournament. Antinium too.”
“You’re telling me the Cyclops, the Titan, Antinium, and the Earl of Rains all played in the same tourney?”
“Yep. She and the Titan were the final players. I only got to play in other settings. Bel. Even with Skills, she beat me. I used all my Skills one game and she beat me with ability alone.”
The Lord of the Dance sat there, quivering with excitement.
“Well, I have to play her now. Are you in contact? If you have a magical chessboard and you’ve been hiding it—”
He couldn’t hide it any longer. Altestiel tossed his empty glass to one side, sank up to his chin in the water.
“She’s dead, Bel. I left her for a day and she died. If I’d stayed…”
The Lord of the Dance looked at Altestiel. He did not exclaim, or doubt. After a moment, he sank into the waters too.
“How?”
The enchanted tub had many functions. No wrinkling, no need to clean it; it was an enchanted tub. If you were going to have a magic hot tub, it had better be worth everything.
Another function was cycling liquid. The steaming waters turned to a viscous mud. Not muck, but hot, thick sludge that was actually quite pure and clean. Another thing Lizardfolk loved. It fit Altestiel’s mood.
“I left her.”
He told Bel the story simply. The Lord of the Dance sat, his head back, resting on a towel. Kiish had joined them, albeit with a towel, to recollect since Altestiel hadn’t the will to tell it all.
The frozen bier. The grieving city. Six worthless crossbow bolts, shot by petty Drakes. An accident…
“The world’s greatest chess player. Dead. All because of an inter-city feud. The Titan’s opponent, an [Innkeeper] who led the Black Tide to war…do you think his absence ties into this?”
The Earl half-shook his head. It was possible. Even likely. However—he would not find what he was hoping for. He thought of Erin.
“She could beat him in chess. I think she did, before my very eyes. She was smiling. Keep talking. You still can’t imagine her. Erin Solstice.”
Altestiel whispered. He was drinking more, and Kiish was giving him a look of concern. Yet no rain poured from over his head. He was past the grieving—at least, directly. Now…
“I’m surprised you didn’t raze Hectval.”
“I would have. But her Majesty threatened to imprison me if I didn’t return. That Drake, Olesm, swore to do so. I’m…”
Altestiel dabbed at his face with a towel. More than perspiration had glimmered there. Lord Bel didn’t even hide his tears.
“What a waste. You actually tried to marry her?”
“I should have pressed my suit. I should have stayed. One day. I could have married her and…”
Visions of Erin Solstice meeting Geilouna, of finding a way to take her inn here filled Altestiel’s mind. The Queen was right in that it was a childish fantasy, of course. A romance with no bones of reality to it.
Now though, he regretted it. The two [Lords] sank in the deep mud-bath, until the waters cleared. They rose, neither mud nor oil sticking to them, and sat, Bel reclining with a towel for modesty, Altestiel, similar, but cross-legged in the heated room.
“So. Erin Solstice.”
Lord Bel raised a cup and Altestiel echoed it.
“To this sodding world and worthless people who make it worse!”
They drank. Altestiel gasped as the liquid burned.
