8.16
Page 13
[Change the Flow]. The Lord of the Dance walked back, having manipulated the dance he’d started. Altestiel called for five more volleys, then an enchanted arrow to finish the job.
When it was done, the Hydra lay dead, and the two [Lords] could attend to the frightened people. And the two unlucky casualties.
 
—-
 
Later that day, the court of Desonis was graced by some surprising visitors. Firstly, Earl Altestiel and the Lord of the Dance.
Also, her Majesty, Geilouna and the recently-rescued group who had been spared from death via Hydra, and were now given the opportunity to visit the court.
Of course, the nobles and such considered it an act of kindness. It was not. As Earl Altestiel bowed to the bemused Bedtime Queen, who had roused herself for Lord Bel—and his urgent [Message]—he couldn’t help but think of Erin Solstice.
Ah. It all made sense now. He kept glancing at the terrified group of five, who were alternating between wonder, grief, and sheer shock.
The Lord of the Dance could not keep his eyes off them either. He kept staring at them.
Sometimes, the great confluence of events was discernible by the greatest minds in this world, if they were given the right hints and followed logical conclusions to their inevitable center—even if they got a bit off-track with theories about time travel.
However, sometimes you asked a group of young people who’d been wandering in the marshes for two days, ‘where are you from?’
And they told you.
“Altestiel. What is this about? It’s not like you to show off.”
For once, Altestiel didn’t spar with Geilouna as she blinked at him, sleepily irritated at being woken up before midday. He simply bowed.
“I have something rather interesting to show you, your Majesty. Privately, I hope? I should hate to make a fuss about it.”
Her eyes flickered once, then she yawned.
“In my chambers, then, if one must.”
They left as quickly and unobtrusively as they could. Naturally, ‘not make a fuss’ was their code phrase. If one of them said that, the other reached for the Crown of Waters—or a sword.
This was the mark of the Queen of Desonis’ value. When Altestiel spoke, having invoked the code phrase, she listened. She sat on her bed, pets and fluffy blankets forgotten, head propped on her hands, but attentive. The inner council, the advisors beyond reproach or question, listened too, mouths agape. Twice someone said something like ‘that’s impossible’, or ‘are you sure?’
The second time, Geilouna ordered the person removed and tossed out into the hallway. Altestiel concluded his brief summary.
“Another world. You’re sure?”
“It fits the puzzle, your Majesty. I do not think they are lying. That is what they are. I would stake my aura on it.”
Queen Geilouna sat back, on her pillows. It would be later she processed it, with Altestiel and as much alcohol as she could consume, in her bedroom, with the private thoughts she did not ever utter aloud. Over the next week and months too, which would define her reign, she now knew. It was her story, and not the world’s story, so only she would know it and it did not need to be the center of other tales.
For now, the Bedtime Queen simply nodded. Then she began shouting invectives at the top of her lungs. When Kiish, Altestiel, and the council had uncovered their ears, Geilouna was calm.
“So much for my peaceful rule and death! What do we do, Altestiel?”
The Earl didn’t blink.
“Some of them may go with Lord Bel.”
“Do we allow that? Or kill him? At least, refuse, imprison?”
The advisors stirred as Geilouna gave Altestiel a flat-lidded look. Reassuring, despite the cold remark.
