8.16
Page 10
“They’re trying to save her, you know. There’s some—some assertion that freezing her didn’t kill her.”
“I don’t understand that. Everyone would know about it, if so. You said they were a strange lot of young men and women?”
“The one who made ‘bicycles’ was one of her people. All extraordinary.”
Altestiel recalled. Lord Belchaus glanced at him, and then shifted his position. Careful as any [Dancer], he relented from the subject that had wounded Altestiel so.
“Speaking of what everyone knows…I came for a second reason, Altestiel. I admit, curiosity and concern for you was the greater, but I thought you should know that Nadel received some interesting messages of late. [Messages] from Wistram.”
Altestiel opened one eye.
“What about? Desonis has had none.”
Geilouna would mention it if so. Lord Bel nodded.
“I don’t doubt it. This comes to me by way of His Majesty…I am sharing it because it is a concern as much as it is helpful. Between us.”
His serious tone made Altestiel sit straighter and nod. Kiish, who had left to clothe herself, rose.
“I will see myself out, my lords.”
“Thank you, Kiish.”
Bel smiled gratefully, and then turned to the Earl. He did not beat about the bush.
“In the last two weeks—two weeks for the first, yesterday for the second, his Majesty of Nadel received two [Messages]. First, from Archmage Viltach, second, from a Grand Magus Eldavin, of whom I think you know.”
Altestiel nodded slowly.
“What did they want?”
“Nothing. Rather, Archmage Viltach first hinted and then the Grand Magus that there was…something…Nadel should know. Or perhaps, ‘certain Kingdoms of auspicious influence’. It was suggested, rather strongly, that it was my presence that allowed Nadel to fit on this list. An insult to his Majesty, of course.”
Bel waved a hand away, as if not aware of how his presence alone had changed shipping routes, made Nadel a major sea-faring power.
“So, what was the thing Nadel should know?”
The fact that Desonis was not on this list did not surprise Altestiel. He was the Earl of Rains, but the Lord of the Dance was a greater presence, he had to admit. He did not like that, but there it was. An Archmage of Wistram would court the [Lord] who could stop trade or secure safe passage far more than the ‘Bedtime Queen’.
“That’s just it. We weren’t told what it was we should know. Both [Mages] only said that there was something. In fact, they intimated that just us knowing that there was something to know was a favor in itself.”
“[Mages]. They wonder why people hate them.”
Altestiel sighed. However, his mind was racing. Belchaus leaned on his elbows.
“…You know something, Altestiel.”
“I don’t know anything, Bel.”
“You suspect something, then. Out with it. Fair is fair.”
The [Earl] nodded slowly.
“Erin Solstice. She told me, when I asked, that she wasn’t talented. I believed her; she was probably as talented as you are, but she said she’d been ‘playing since she was a girl’.”
Bel’s eyes rose.
“Is she the Titan’s protégé, when he was developing the game, then?”
“No. I don’t think so, or else why would he…I think he didn’t know who she was either. Bel, her friends were interesting too. Those plays you’ve heard of in Invrisil?”
Bel slapped the floor.
“I was going to ask you for a copy of their scripts, or whatever they use! Autographs too! Ah, but—”
