8.16
Page 19
“If you are not going to kill me, may I go? I wish to try expelling matter from my body again.”
Wrymvr blocked his path with one leg as Anand tottered around him.
“Ships. You must build. Duty. You—Anand. Strategist. Build them. Float. Improvement.”
He communicated in staccato bursts of noise. Anand frowned at Wrymvr. He shook his head after a moment.
“I am too sad. I do not want to. Erin is dead. Not dead. Bring her back like Klbkch. Then…then I will do things. Can you do that? Please?”
“Irrelevant. You are necessary. Anand will not endanger self. Obey. Work. Build ship.”
A prod of a leg, but very gentle for Wrymvr’s strength. Anand looked at him. He opened his mandibles and found Antinium could vomit. He did so onto Wrymvr now.
The Centenium stared at Anand as the Worker wiped at his mandibles.
 
—-
 
“Klbkch. Klbkch, I do not believe I am able to communicate with your Worker, Anand, properly.”
Klbkch the Slayer listened to Wrymvr’s mental thoughts reaching his. He felt little, suspended in the vat of creation as the Silent Queen worked. Occasionally—well—often, he communicated with her, indulging her desire to speak about him, his life, his exploits…him.
Sometimes with the other Queens, although the liquid meant the Silent Queen had to interpret his words for them, which she did with a variable degree of accuracy. However, Wrymvr was close enough for the two to talk, which was a relief compared to Queens.
“You are attempting to speak to Anand, Wrymvr? Why? He was here just an hour ago.”
“He is wandering the surface. I am attempting to persuade him to return to his work of constructing prototype ships. I do not comprehend the Free Antinium’s new Individuals. They do not appear to obey orders.”
Klbkch’s response to that wasn’t words so much as sour schadenfreude. Wrymvr’s reply was amused, but insistent.
“You must help me.”
“Would you believe Anand is the most obedient of the Individuals?”
“They are like you, then. Deeply disturbing.”
In his vat, Klbkch’s mandibles opened and closed in a surprisingly non-Antinium gesture.
“I cannot aid you, Wrymvr. Employ direct speech and explanations.”
“Hm. Very well. Also: curious. I was not aware the Free Queen had experimented into acid projectiles as the Flying Queen and Twisted Queen have. It is ineffective so far, however. Limited range and accuracy. Noticeable volume however.”
“…What?”
 
—-
 
Anand found that Wrymvr was not going to kill him. He did, however, pick Anand up with his mandibles and carry Anand screaming into the air before depositing him near the entrance to the underground lake project.
“I am going to expel again. Please do not pick me up.”
Anand announced to Wrymvr right before it happened. He did feel more sober, though. The Centenium regarded him.
“Strategist Anand. Work.”
“No. I am sad.”
A wing nudged him.
“Work. For good of Hives.”
“No.”
Silence. Anand met the Centenium’s eyes…well, a few of them, with great effort. Wrymvr appeared to be considering what to do next.
“Will you kill me if I refuse?”
“No. Strategist Anand is too valuable. All agree. Queen. Klbkch. This Centenium agrees.”
Anand’s mandibles parted. He looked at Wrymvr.
“Thank you. I have been acknowledged! Klbkch does not do so often!”
“Regrettable.”
The [Strategist] actually began to feel a bit better after hearing that Wrymvr thought he was valuable. He hadn’t known that! It was really flattering, actually. Anand tilted his head at Wrymvr and had a thought.
“…May I call you Uncle?”
The Centenium considered this.
“If Anand works, yes.”
