8.16
Page 22
So, on the whole of it, waking up next to Inkar and seeing her sleeping there wasn’t a bad surprise at all. Still sleeping there, that was. Sometimes they left which hurt your feelings because you got the distinct impression they thought there had been a mistake in their night.
Such lewdness. Such debauched acts. Tkrn smiled when he thought about last night. That had been amazing.
Then—his brow furrowed. Wait a second. He slowly turned his head to the other side and saw Lehra Ruinstrider noisily snoring away.
That was up there on shocks of his life. Tkrn left the bed, and disturbed the other Gnolls. Three of whom were male.
He wasn’t the one they’d all come here for.
 
—-
 
Lehra Ruinstrider stretched.
“It’s like…they call it a harem. It’s a Human-thing.”
“Really?”
Suxhel, the Gazer, had not spent the night in company, nor had she wanted to. She eyed Lehra, who had somehow managed to pull off a very strange night; Tkrn had fled the tent and woken them all up.
“Absolutely. Humans have them. They have sex all the time. That’s why I feel like a Human.”
“More than Gnolls or Drakes?”
Lehra hesitated. The Named-rank adventurer lifted a furry paw.
“They have more kids, that’s the difference. Like—you know, Humans have as many as eight children. Who does that? Not Gnolls or Drakes. Imagine having them on the move. That’s why they’re everywhere. They’re sexual fiends. I heard that somewhere.”
She puffed out her chest at displaying so much Human-knowledge. Suxhel, who had met Inkar and other Humans, would have raised her eyebrows if she had any.
It was true though that Gnolls had smaller families than Humans, and a family of eight or more was largely a Human or Lizardfolk thing.
“You seem to have a lot of attention, however.”
“Pssh, yeah, well…I guess I’m popular.”
Lehra preened a bit. She gestured at the tent. Male and female Gnolls—plus Inkar, were waking up.
“Who are the tall, more appealing Gnolls inside? For your kind?”
Suxhel didn’t need to peer in between the tent flaps to spot them. Her eye saw all. Lehra shrugged.
“Ekhtouch. They’re a special tribe. Breeding Skills. Normally you wouldn’t be able to get near one since they’re so strict. It’s like—what they trade.”
“Sex?”
“Yup. But they’re all over me. I think because—”
“They would like to have children with you. Congratulations.”
“Thanks! Let me know if you want to meet a nice Ekhtouch Gnoll. I’m sure they’d be obliging.”
Lehra winked. She slapped Suxhel on the shoulder. The short Gazer sidled away and reached for her handkerchief and water bottle.
“Don’t touch me with that paw. I’ve seen where it’s been.”
 
—-
 
Contrary to expectations Lehra might have held, Inkar herself was not a sex-crazed primate. If anything, the Gnolls of Ekhtouch were the only ‘experts’ in that field.
…And they were experts. However, Inkar saw no need to tell Orreh anything, no matter how hard her friend badgered her. It was more surprising that she’d found herself in that situation to begin with. Lehra had a magnetic personality. However, Tkrn had also helped.
At any rate, the teasing was just one part of living with Gnolls. In another way, it was better: if there were no secrets to be held, then it didn’t matter as much.
The point was that Lehra Ruinstrider, the Stargnoll, was never alone unless she wished to be. Indeed, she was the first real celebrity that Inkar had ever met in this world. Every Gnoll knew her name. Children and adults wanted autographs; [Warriors] and such tried to apply for her team. Chieftains courted her council.
