8.16
Page 34
That made Orelighn excited. A steady partner tribe, especially one like this? He nodded, sitting back and having some of the sweet, flavored popcorn himself.
“This is an idea I would…certainly love to explore.”
“I as well. I hope this gift may convince you that Demas Metal would offer more than mere gold. Please; when I knew I would meet with you, I had my [Smiths] commission it.”
Orelighn’s heart beat faster. Surely not—? He tugged the cloth aside and saw a…hoe…made out of the blue Demas Metal. Sky-blue, delicate, with a ribbon pattern…
Fit for a blade. But a hoe? Orelighn blinked.
“So much Demas in this! This hoe…it is a wonderfully forged piece, Chieftain Mrell. But a hoe?”
“I know it may seem an odd gift, but I encourage you to have your people attempt to use it. I considered a scythe, but a hoe would strike rocks, and soil constantly. Even the strongest steel dulls.”
True enough. Orelighn hated the costs of replacing them. Normally, hoes were durable, but if you were chopping magical plants with their stupid, edge-dulling roots for instance…
Mrell gestured to the gleaming farming tool.
“This is lighter than steel. And—I wish you to test this—I do not think it will dull! If it does, it will be at a twentieth, a thirtieth the rate of steel. Perhaps even a hundred times slower. Consider that for your workers.”
Orelighn did. He began to like this gift more and more.
“Chieftain Mrell, I will give it to my best [Farmers]. This—this is a generous gift. You have my thanks.”
The other Chieftain nodded, modestly. He took another bite of the popcorn and then went on.
“It is my only regret that the Demas metal is not finished. It could be improved. It is a new alloy, and another insight into new metallurgy would benefit my tribe greatly.”
Orelighn paused, in inspecting the tool. He glanced up. Mrell met his eyes.
“I have heard, Chieftain Orelighn, that the Greenpaw tribe has an object of fine metallurgy. It is my hope I could obtain a sample. Just a sample, that our tribes might work together.”
The other Chieftain licked his lips. Who had told him? How did he know? Well, every Gnoll had a mouth…he hesitated.
“This is a complex issue, Chieftain Mrell. It is a gift to the tribes, and I am already…allied…with other tribes. It is not something that belongs to me alone.”
“I understand, Chieftain Orelighn. Nor would I interfere with any of that. However, just a piece might allow me to level or my tribe to improve. Time is of the essence, after all.”
Especially if he wanted to make a breakthrough to improve his tribe’s worth. Orelighn’s eyes flickered. He was still inclined to say ‘no’. Right up until Chieftain Mrell presented him with a second bundle.
“I would consider it a deep debt between our tribes, Chieftain Orelighn.”
It was a bag of holding. And inside…Orelighn gulped at the gold coins glittering there. He looked up and Chieftain Mrell was poised. Polite, confident—rich from his new metal.
“Perhaps…I could part with a small piece or two. If it was kept extremely secret.”
Both Gnolls smiled. Orelighn gestured.
“A sample is in a safe place. If you will follow me?”
They rose. Orelighn hurried Mrell out of the tent, looking around. There weren’t many Silverfangs or Longstalker’s Fang Gnolls in his poorer camp, but they were close by.
It wasn’t a betrayal! Well—it was just him using every connection he could. Orelighn told himself that Mrell was a Gnoll it was good to make connections with. Just a piece…
