8.16
Page 5
The Lord of the Dance was not dancing right now as his reputation might indicate. However, he was certainly conversing, flirting, talking animatedly with the huge crowd around him. He never seemed to stop moving, having that restless energy of some people. Indeed, he was so graceful that he seemed to flow from gesture to step.
To look at Lord Bel was to see different things. For some, it was to see an object of desire, in many different forms. For others, he was a target of envy or jealousy, although he was charming.
Some, however, saw other aspects the casual observer took for granted. Such as how Lord Belchaus had no wasted movements, like a [Duelist] or [Fencer]. Footwork on the dance floor equated to skill in battle, and Lord Belchaus was also famous for his strategic genius.
In short, perfect at everything. Which was what reputation did for you. Belchaus had his flaws.
Lots of flaws. Like showing up on ‘friends’ unannounced! The Earl made his way to the gathering, and Lord Bel spotted him.
“Altestiel! My friend!”
He spread his arms and clapped the Earl on the back after giving him a gentle hug, conscious of the wet clothing. His escort was, like Altestiel’s, small, having travelled here for the visit.
Unlike Altestiel’s mix of [Strategists] and [Marsh Knights] however, Lord Bel’s group were all [Dancers] or [Warriors]…or both. Lightly armored, if at all, as graceful as him.
“Bel. Why are you here?”
Lord Bel’s sparkling smile faded a bit. He glanced at Altestiel, then, conscious of the listeners, smiled.
“Can two friends not prevail on one another? I heard you were in a gloom and came to visit; although her Majesty seems to have snapped you out of it.”
“She managed to make enough petty threats to ‘snap me out of it’. Petty is what she’s good at, though. Come on, then. Unless she’s offered you a banquet, let’s go to my estates. Kiish.”
The gloomy [Earl] nodded to his [Strategist], who bowed, blushing slightly as Lord Bel kissed her hand. He turned to the disappointed crowd.
“I’m afraid that’s my cue. Where are my people? No, don’t object, please. I will of course return…”
For the disappointed court had begun protesting Altestiel, or perhaps his remarks, which caused Geilouna to throw a fit of pique when she heard them for about fifteen seconds. Earl Altestiel didn’t wait up for Lord Bel; the man had to catch up as the Earl stomped out of the court, into the rain, and the waiting carriage—wheels enchanted to run on mud or even shallow water.
They headed to his estates, and the rather fine mansion. It was built like much of Desonis architecture; raised buildings, sometimes on ‘stilts’, which let floods pass comfortably underneath. No one had root cellars in Desonis.
It took Altestiel a moment to remember why Lord Bel had really come. Then, of course, he just got more despondent still.
 
—-
 
It was easier to be told Lord Bel’s flaws than to see them at first glance. One of them was this: the Lord of the Dance took nearly thirty minutes to join Altestiel in the carriage. He had to say goodbye to everyone he knew by name, gently flirt with two [Ladies], accept a [Lord]’s invitation, share two jests…
When he reached the carriage and entered, he seemed…tired. Altestiel had rudely departed Desonis’ palace, but it had not all been pique. Mostly, but he knew Lord Bel.
The Lord of the Dance looked tired, as he sometimes did if he was at a court too long. His energetic personality, his social mingling was not an act. However, one of his faults was that he could not turn it off.
