8.16
Page 47
Whet’s gifts to the Chieftain of the Flooded Waters tribe had been calculated to impress a Goblin like her. They probably would have given Tremborag food or something. However, Rags? Whet had warned her she’d need to use more elaborate tricks to get into Pallass or any city with actual magical checks, but she’d walked into Esthelm easily enough.
“Stop that.”
She towed Calescent away from the stall where he was admiring knives, next, already flirting with the [Shopkeeper]. The [Chef] was happy to be here.
Redscar had refused. Snapjaw was with Badarrow, and he didn’t want to come back. So that left Calescent or Poisonbite.
Given the two, Rags preferred the [Chef]. She walked through Esthelm. There were many things to see. Many possibilities. Many things to do.
She knew the legendary smith was in this city and she wanted to meet him. She wanted to see these ‘bikes’.
But first.
First…
 
—-
 
Liska smiled as Imani and Palt went out to Liscor, arm in arm.
“Have a good evening, sir or madam!”
She parroted the instructions Ishkr had given her. The Gnoll, who was on door-duty, waited until she closed the door and had begun changing the dial, checking the other doors. She did pause to sniff the air, though.
“How, though? Is it…lots…and lots of oil? Is he really, really small? Or do they have a contraption? Or maybe—”
She opened the door, letting in someone from Celum who wanted to go to Pallass. Sighing, Liska did that, letting them deal with the checkpoint.
She was counting the minutes until her break. At least she didn’t have to talk to people. She opened the door to Esthelm.
“Anyone through to Liscor or elsewhere? We are not accepting guests for The Wandering Inn, as the inn is closed…”
She stopped as someone stepped through. The second visitor was a genial half-Elf, who peered around, rubbing his hands. But the first person, who was fumbling with her hand, had been shielded by his back.
A short Goblin walked into the inn as Liska’s eyes opened wide. She breathed in, slowly, and stared around the portal room. She looked at the Gnoll, at the unfamiliar walls, floor…
So familiar. So not. She listened, to the silent inn, scampering feet, to her own beating heart. Rags waited a moment.
Then she stepped forwards.
She was back. She walked out of the portal room as Liska eyed Rags, the half-Elf, decided it wasn’t her business, and went back to spacing out until the sand timer counted down ten minutes again. Rags emerged into the hallway that was unnaturally long, and gave her eerie vibes, and halted.
So quiet. So…forlorn. Someone was missing.
Someone had returned. And as if that changed things, amid the silence of the inn, the few living people, the Hobgoblin with his head bowed in the [Garden of Sanctuary], the [Shaman] and little Gnoll playing tag, the Titan sitting and scowling next to the bee in the rafters—
The door of The Wandering Inn burst open. Someone rushed in the regular way, having not been able to get through the portal door with Liska operating it in time. She was panting, clutching at her chest, having run all the way here.
Her light green scales and dress were a bit sweaty. Selys gasped, and then shouted, missing Rags and Calescent, who’d drawn a kitchen knife and bag of red powder.
“Everyone! Everyone—”
Selys Shivertail shouted. The noises stopped. She gasped, then shouted, her voice cracking with nerves.
“They’re doing it! They’re attacking the Village of the Dead! It’s just begun!”
A shout from further down in the inn. Calescent blinked. Selys gasped for air—then saw the little Goblin staring up at her.
“Wh—R—Ra—how—?”
