8.16
Page 31
The female Gnoll tried to block one of the temporary workers, the Gnoll. He was trying to tell her to shut up before she made it worse. The Watch just grabbed her too, for interfering with their job. She began to struggle.
“…And that’s when they break her teeth, fine her, and throw her in jail. What am I supposed to see, hm?”
One of the Gnolls sitting at the table observed at the scene tiredly. He did not like it, of course. However, he studied the two sitting across from him.
No City Gnolls, these. The Woven Bladegrass [Siege Juggernaut] was massive. He was attracting attention from the Watch just by sitting here, despite not having been part of the altercation. However, they were clearly thinking their squad was not the one who should tackle this.
“This is what happens in cities like these. The other tribes would have peace—let this sort of thing continue. You know of Paworkers.”
The first Gnoll nodded. He was far smaller than the Woven Bladegrass’ representative. Two other Gnolls shifted uncomfortably.
Nearly sixteen tribes’ warriors were in the city of Selpysh. Not all in the same bar. However, they were presumably watching similar scenes. It spoke to the city, perhaps, that Woven Bladegrass had been confident they would find such examples at any given moment.
“I do not like this. I do not at all. However, these are Drake cities. We know this is how it happens.”
The [Master Slinger] of the Loofrel tribe glanced at the Gnolls, her brow deeply troubled. The Woven Bladegrass [Warrior] nodded. So did a Steelfur Gnoll. Despite his differences with Woven Bladegrass, he seemed ready to stand up.
“This does not change the fact that war between tribe and city is dangerous.”
The Steelfur Gnoll pointed out, half-reaching for his weapon. The gate guards hadn’t allowed Gnolls to carry noticeable weapons into the city, though, so the [Mace Gnoll] didn’t have his weapon, only a belt-knife.
“Do you think this is acceptable?”
Both Gnolls were on the ground now, being kicked. The first Gnoll took a drink of something as the other Gnolls looked uncomfortable. He calmly glanced up at the younger, taller Gnolls.
“Honored Berr, what do you think?”
The old [Berserker] saw the other Gnolls turn to him. He eyed the young Gnoll and temporary worker as they were dragged up. He drained his cup, less moved by the Woven Bladegrass’ persuasion than the others. He had seen this before.
However, he was here. He shrugged at the [Juggernaut].
“I don’t think it matters what I think right now. Warrior Devl, did your Chieftain come here to persuade us with words and sight? I do not think so, no. Tell me—does she do this often?”
He turned. Uncomprehending, the other two non-Woven Bladegrass Gnolls turned in their seats. They had been told they’d meet Chieftain Werri. But she wasn’t…
Berr stared at the shorter, female Gnoll who’d been dragged into the arrest. The angry Drake who’d started it all was talking to the bored Senior Guardsman. The patrol leader heard more shouting.
“Shut up that damned Gnoll alr—”
He turned just in time to see the shorter female Gnoll press her wrists against the manacles on her arms. The [Guard] raised a club.
The Gnoll snapped the iron manacles. The Gnoll worker under arrest with the bloody mouth, the squad of [Guards], and the angry Drake all stopped. They stared at the manacles.
“Cheap iron?”
One of the Drakes licked her lips. She looked at the female Gnoll. Who…seemed a bit taller now. A bit more muscular. She rubbed at her wrists; one of the [Guards] had given her a bloody nostril.
“Um. Did someone’s [Dangersense] just go off?”
