8.16
Page 33
It appeared Chieftain Werri’s method of dealing with blame or trouble was simple. Cause more trouble, until the first incident was forgotten.
…No. No one was going to forget this. It was a thin trail of smoke from here. The news though, hit the Meeting of Tribes.
The Woven Bladegrass had sacked a city. They were taking their spoils into the Gnoll Plains, to donate it to the Meeting of Tribes as part of their gift. Worse—high-level warriors in all the major tribes had participated, willingly or not.
Including a member of Az’muzarre.
 
—-
 
The Meeting of Tribes was getting more exciting every second. Chieftain Orelighn hated it.
All he wanted was for his small Greenpaw tribe to do better. He did not like talk of war; his tribe was a rare settlement-tribe, not a nomadic one that could flee enemy armies.
Nor was his tribe large enough to like thinking of fighting any Drake city. So he was doubly unhappy with the news, especially since he had really liked the gold bracelet he’d been given until he realized it was purloined goods.
Well, all that meant he was restless, but he composed his face because the other Chieftain was important. More important than Greenpaw; perhaps an up and coming tribe. It hurt a bit, but that was new tribes with momentum for you.
Yet the young Gnoll was very, very respectful. Which was so gratifying to Orelighn, who was often at the bottom of such pecking orders.
“Chieftain Mrell, thank you for your time. Apologies if I find the news of the Woven Bladegrass’ actions…disturbing.”
“Not at all, Chieftain Orelighn. Our tribes are both stationary tribes. Mine smelts, yours farms. We should be more cautious of antagonism with other tribes.”
The Chieftain of the Demas Metal tribe had a covered object in front of him. Orelighn nodded gratefully. The younger Gnoll was a former [Warrior], perhaps, but his new tribe had taken to smithing.
“Indeed. I am ah, curious, as all are in your new, wondrous metal. Demas.”
“A mix of Orichalcum and other alloys. Not as impressive as adamantine—but as good as mithril, if a bit heavier. However—durable beyond steel, even Dwarfsteel! I hope it will change the fortunes of all Gnoll tribes.”
Mrell did not lack for ambition. However, he had asked to meet Orelighn for some reason, when he could be talking to Steelfur. Orelighn nodded.
“An ambition I share, of course. How can Greenpaw aid your Demas Metal tribe then, Chieftain Mrell? Have some more snacks, I encourage you.”
The younger Chieftain brightened and he ate some of the snacks from the Silverfangs and Liscor. Orelighn hadn’t eaten them, despite being sorely tempted, and was using them to impress visitors.
“You are too kind, Chieftain Orelighn. These come from the north?”
“Yes, Liscor. Delightful, aren’t they?”
The Gnoll nodded.
“I have been north and south, but never encountered such dishes—wonderful.”
“You are widely travelled. A Plains Gnoll all your life?”
“All my life. I learned how to spot new ores, so discovering Demas Metal…well, my tribe is small, new, and I am the first Chieftain, but it may be large one day. However, we are [Smiths], [Smelters], [Miners]…not [Growers]. I came to you, Chieftain Orelighn, because your tribe is known to grow food best of all tribes.”
“Hardly as well as Oteslia. A poor choice in some ways for a tribe.”
Orelighn was still flattered. Mrell had a way with words. The young Chieftain shook his head.
“As we now see, Drake cities and Gnoll tribes are not always allies. Chieftain Orelighn, your fields could feed my tribe. If we could come to a trade arrangement, both tribes could grow richer.”
