8.16
Page 35
He was searching for Krshia, Inkarr, Deskie, Eska—anyone who might see them when a loud commotion made him flinch. Mrell turned, head sharp, and the two Chieftains saw an event taking place.
Only—not one aimed at them. Orelighn slipped into the guarded storehouse and handed Mrell a covered object the Gnoll took, inspected, smiled at, and slipped into his bag of holding. He bowed to Orelighn and then the two went to see what the issue was.
“Make way! This Gnoll is a criminal! Make way!”
A group of Gnolls charged with keeping order were forcing the crowd apart, for all they’d summoned them with a banging of a gong. Orelighn and Mrell both appeared to see one of the traditionalist tribes, Sofang, escorting a Gnoll between them.
Sofang…what was that? Orelighn recalled they were a loyal tribe to the old ways.
“Sofang? They’re charged with making sure order occurs in the Meeting of Tribes.”
Mrell was surprised. Orelighn blinked.
“You know them?”
“Trap specialists. Good fighters; they often work for Plain’s Eye. Traditionalists.”
Which meant he and his Demas Metal were the exact opposite of theirs—although Demas Metal had been carefully neutral. All that was fine and the two Chieftains stood at the front of the crowd, having done nothing wrong, only perhaps a trifle underhanded and that was on Orelighn’s conscience.
So why did one of the Gnolls with a bow spot the two and spit at their feet? Orelighn was shocked! Mrell though, just appeared resigned.
“What was that about? Is Demas Metal at odds with Sofang?”
“No. Not at all, Chieftain Orelighn.”
Mrell watched the [Archer] walk past, one of the security detail. She never looked at him again. He shook his head.
“My…partner. That is all. I was part of Sofang, for a while. I left to start Demas Metal.”
“Ah. I understand.”
Love and loss. Orelighn was used to that sort of thing as a Chieftain. He felt that young Inkarr might have the same relationship with Tkrn in time—then again, perhaps not. Human and Gnoll? It could work.
It was just a backdrop to the moment. The real event was when the Sofang’s leader—not the [Archer]—shouted.
“This Gnoll has been discovered to be tricking other Gnolls and falsely claiming abilities she does not have! She will now admit such for all to hear and apologize to the tribes!”
He yanked the hood off the Gnoll’s face. And there she was. Orelighn stared up at the young female Gnoll, who stammered her confession of guilt before the booing and shouting drowned her out. He looked up at Ferkr.
…He had no idea who she was.
Krshia Silverfang did, though. The Gnoll [Mage]’s admission of guilt rocked her. Especially because Ferkr was confessing to not being a [Mage] at all. To have been lying to her master, Grimalkin, and pretending to use mage-magic when she was just a [Shaman].
She was lying, of course. Krshia stared at Ferkr as the Gnoll was summarily expelled from the Meeting of Tribes by the guards. She was lying.
But…why? All Krshia knew was that she had found Grimalkin’s apprentice. The Sinew Magus was not going to like this, though.
Not one bit.
 
—-
 
Torture sucked. It didn’t have to be physical…mental torture was a terrible thing. Yet physical torture…it was bad too.
On the whole of it, magical spells blasting your mind or changing you, erasing parts of yourself was perhaps the greater threat as a whole and every smart military body trained their people to resist that kind of thing as best they could.
However—physical torture came in many forms. Horrible forms. Mutilation, rape, physical pain…
