8.16
Page 21
“Ships. Wrymvr, I do not know how to encourage Anand. You tried positive affirmations?”
“…Yes.”
“I do not know, then. Threats? My modality of options has been exhausted.”
After a pause, when Klbkch thought Wrymvr had given up or gone out of range, the Centenium replied.
“You are a poor leader, Klbkch.”
“I was not meant to be. I lead armies, not…nurture…other things.”
Somewhat stung, Klbkch retorted. Wrymvr replied.
“Neither do you change.”
 
—-
 
After a while, Wrymvr squatted down.
“Strategist Anand. Talk.”
“Go away. I am sad.”
“Strategist Anand. I am Wrymvr. Centenium. Do you acknowledge?”
“Yes, go away.”
“No. Strategist Anand—Wrymvr, I, will do anything for Antinium to survive. Anything. To save Antinium—anything. What will Strategist Anand require for similar resolve?”
Slowly, Anand’s head rose. He looked into Wrymvr’s vast eyes.
“…I will help. Later. It’s just so…hard. It’s too hard. I am frustrated. It is too hard and I am too sad, understand?”
“Sadness cannot be mitigated. Difficulty? Perhaps. What is issue?”
Anand sat, trying to explain. Glad, really; Goat and the others had tried, but Klbkch was incapacitated and even the other Prognugators weren’t that…smart. Well, smart, but not proactive, not creative, and the Queens were busy. The Armored Queen was super-busy, so all she had time to do was hold Anand and let him talk about Erin sometimes at night.
He liked that. So Anand told Wrymvr.
“It’s more than materials. I have every kind—including monster parts.”
The Queens had opened all the material stores aside from the most precious things to Anand. He had tried all kinds of combinations, so he shook his head.
“It is not that. It is…technique. Experience! I have books from Liscor—I need manuals. Blueprints! I need an expert. Perhaps…”
“Speak.”
“Perhaps if I went back to Liscor, I could find an expert. Seborn.”
“What is. Seborn?”
“He’s a Drowned Man. If he could talk to me, I could understand what I am doing wrong. Or I could buy a book from Invrisil. The problem, Wrymvr, is that I don’t have an example, I don’t have the understanding…”
Anand trailed off. Or the motivation. He began to try to explain that. Explain what Erin had been, why her absence, even if the others claimed she could be cured, had left a hole in him. In more than just her presence, but his confidence in her. His belief she couldn’t really die, that she would outlive him, that…
Wrymvr flew off. Anand was left sitting there, staring at the giant Centenium.
“Wait. But—wait. I was speaking.”
The Soldiers at the entrance stared at Anand as he sat back down. Then curled up again.
Anand decided Wrymvr was a jerk after all. He did not see Wrymvr, then, in the distance, dive and snatch the silently-screaming Antinium.
Goat, the Soldier, stopped thrashing when Wrymvr put him down. The Centenium spoke to the trembling Soldier.
“You. Will assist me. First, retrieve artifact from Twisted Hive. Then—follow.”
Goat looked around for somewhere to run. Wrymvr just picked him up and flew towards the Twisted Hive. Goat screamed. He really, really didn’t see what Bird desired in flight.
The thing Anand, even Klbkch had forgotten or failed to appreciate about Wrymvr was that he was unlike Xrn, or the Queens. He was a literal Antinium. When he saw a problem—he fixed it. He did not wait or make excuses.
 
—-
 
Most of the shocking events in Tkrn’s life had happened last year or this one. Monster attacks, Erin’s death…good surprises too, like cake. Baseball.
