8.16
Page 32
One of the [Guards] turned her head slowly. The one with a club swung it.
“Don’t you d—”
Honored Berr took some satisfaction from watching the Drake hit the wall. Chieftain Werri, taller now, inspected the Gnoll next to her. His mouth was wide open.
“High-level criminal! Call for—”
The Senior Guardsman backed up, fumbling for his whistle. The other [Guards] tried to go for Werri.
They never had a chance, of course. However, Werri let the Senior Guardsman blow the whistle. She walked over to the table of other Gnolls. The [Master Slinger] and [Mace Gnoll] looked horrified.
“Chieftain! We’re going to be arrested.”
“No we aren’t.”
Berr said it at the same time as Werri. He met her eyes. She was grinning wildly, fury and excitement in her eyes. He just sighed and massaged one shoulder. Then he got up. And he was already a foot taller.
“What’s going on? You’re not going to fight the Watch?”
Werri looked at the nervous Steelfur Gnoll. Berr just shook his head. He pushed back his mug.
“Young Gnoll. Don’t be silly. Fight the Watch?”
The Steelfur Gnoll relaxed too soon. Chieftain Werri was standing on the tabletop. She surveyed the other shocked Gnolls in the pub.
“I am Chieftain Werri of the Woven Bladegrass tribe! Tell me, do you want to live like this? Do you want to live every day letting these Drakes, this city insult you, arrest you and beat you down?”
The Gnolls in the bar stared up at her. The Woven Bladegrass [Juggernaut] slowly stood up behind his Chieftain. The Steelfur Gnoll and the Loofrel Gnoll turned to Berr. The old [Berserker] shook his head. He was growing, and his own internal fury was slowly…building.
“Young Gnoll. Fight the Watch? Don’t be silly. Haven’t you ever seen the start to a city sacking? We’re not fighting the Watch. We’re fighting—everything.”
He grinned. The Steelfur Gnoll’s jaw dropped in horror.
Chieftain Werri raised her arm and she was joined by a roar from angry, fed-up Gnolls. Berr saw the first ones storm from the bar as the Watch reinforcements came down the street.
They were a good Watch. Led by former Manus soldiers. Indeed, they had a [Captain] who had served with distinction in Manus’ army who was also the [Mayor].
The Gnolls in the city weren’t warriors by and large. However, Chieftain Werri and the hundred or so Woven Bladegrass Gnolls were. She raced out of the tavern at the squads of Drakes.
Berr and the [Juggernaut] walked onto the walls. The City Watch tried to stop them of course. However, it was Honored Berr and…he tossed a screaming Drake onto a rooftop and pointed.
“Fast response.”
“You honor us. Will you fight with Chieftain Werri?”
Berr glanced over his shoulder. She was storming towards the city hall, intent on taking on the ex-[Captain] herself. She hadn’t even needed a sword.
A Manus-allied city. Berr wondered how much trouble they were going to be in. He shrugged amicably, and watched as the now Gnoll-held wall waited for reinforcements.
Eight thousand Gnolls were racing across the open ground from cover. They were running for ropes being tossed down the walls, or the gates which had been seized. Berr heard the howling, growing louder, striking fear into the hearts of the Drake citizens. He sat on the battlements, feet dangling there.
“It’s not as fun as it used to be. I’m growing old.”
He complained as he watched.
 
—-
 
The Woven Bladegrass tribe’s raids of the caravans were all but forgotten. Krshia, Cetrule, Akrisa, and dozens of other Gnolls and [Chieftains] all stared into the distance.
