8.16
Page 6
It was entirely possible to lay the Lord of the Dance low by making him stay for eight hours in a court setting, where he could dance for eight hours straight on the battlefield or on the ballroom floor with no problem. He nodded to his friend in appreciation of this fact.
“I confess, I might have stayed the entire day at court if you hadn’t shown up. Your [Queen] is rather gracious, Altestiel. I forgot how they mob me. Oh, thank you, Kiish.”
She offered him a restorative draught mixed with a savory drink, a specialty of Desonis. Bel took a gulp and brightened.
“Desonis’ court is just bored. So, how can I help you?”
“You surely know. However, let’s keep that for your estates. Some things should be done over dinner, Altestiel! Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten all your graces in Izril. I admit, Drakes are sometimes that rude, but the Flowers of the North were just as hospitable as any Terandrian nobility when I visited.”
Lord Bel tapped an ear and Altestiel stirred. He gave the other [Lord] a frown; Bel just smiled politely.
“And Kiish, you are as lovely as ever. I heard—and rumor does swim in Desonis—that Her Majesty of Desonis nearly married you off. Would that be so terrible? And would you consider anyone else other than Altestiel, because I know several of Nadel’s young men would court you if they had a chance…”
Gratified and flattered, Kiish tried to keep up with Bel’s light teasing. More interested now, Altestiel sat up, breaking out of his funk a second time.
Just what did Bel think they needed that much privacy for? Perhaps…but he didn’t know what Altestiel had found. So he had something of his own.
Altestiel’s estates were, of course, warded, staffed well, and he had the right to house and train his own [Marsh Knights], the Knights of Desonis, by right of the crown. In fact, his vigilant bodyguards who had fought in Invrisil against the [Assassins] only now fully removed their armor, or walked about…uncovered…as it were.
Indeed, Altestiel had a larger population of Drowned Folk than most. Desonis, of course, had a population of Humans, Drowned Folk, Lizardfolk, and half-Elves in that order, Drowned Folk being in remarkable number for a minority, much less on land.
“Earl Altestiel! You’re back! Have you lost all your estates? Is that the Lord of the Dance?”
Some chattering children raced up, ignoring the rain, seeing his carriage return. Lizardfolk mingled with an amused [Marsh Knight], whose half-Shrimp body wore custom-adjusted armor. Lord Bel signed the waved autographs, although rain smudged them, and one of his people did a little jig of fancy footwork for the delighted children and people.
“Lord Altestiel, will you stop this rain?”
The aggrieved voice came from a Naga, who had come out of her hut. Altestiel sighed, but the rain began to disperse.
“Hello, everyone. Lord Bel is prevailing upon me, so he cannot stay—”
The chorus of sadness made The Lord of the Dance, predictably, turn.
“However, my people will show you the latest dances from Nadel! And I will try to make an appearance t—”
Altestiel dragged him off before he could promise anything.
“Lord Altestiel, is that really the Lord of the Dance?”
Some wide-eyed servants, [Squires], and more of his people greeted Altestiel at his mansion. He nodded.
“Make his people welcome. I counted sixteen with Lord Belchaus. They’re staying here.”
“Not at the palace, Earl? I’d have thought…Lord Belchaus being of Nadel and a welcome guest…”
