8.16
Page 36
It was hard not to run through the list of ways she knew she could be tortured. Especially the most obvious one. She knew—she knew it was not likely. She hoped it was not.
Yet Captain Bevussa of the Wings of Pallass still thought of it. She was a prisoner of Goblins. She thought these were…not the same Goblins who might do that.
However, every adventurer knew the danger. Especially female adventurers. Kin and Issa were female. Bevussa was female.
“Captain. If there’s a chance—”
“Shut. Up. Kin. If it comes to that—we deal with it.”
Bevussa sat in her cell. No manacles; Kin and Issa were in other cells. Which was interesting, because the cells seemed new. As in—someone had built them just for right now.
The three Wings of Pallass looked at each other. Three. It should have been four. Zassil was dead. Killed in the battle with Hectval. She still missed him.
If she had led her team into the worst nightmare for a female adventurer…Bevussa closed her eyes.
“I have a pill in my ankle-bracelet.”
Issa spoke grimly. Bevussa opened her eyes.
“It’s not going to come to that, you two.”
“But if it does…”
“…It would have happened already. You know what happens with [Bandits] or—other groups.”
The two Drakes hesitated. That was true. They’d been tossed in here for a day, but none of them had been assaulted or tortured. In fact, they’d been fed a quite nice meal by a Goblin who just grunted when they asked questions. The only torture had been the spices.
The worry in Bevussa’s mind, even if these were the Goblins she thought they were, was the battle. It had been chaos and they’d been fighting for their lives, but she knew her team had killed or wounded some Goblins. Fair was fair; the Goblins had hit both their teams as they went for the Titan and fought monsters, but would they see it that way?
The Titan of Baleros, and those idiots had to be greedy. He had literally called down the mountains on their heads. Thunderstorms, monster attacks and the Goblins. Dead gods. Bevussa didn’t know what to expect next, but she was prepared for the worst.
A door opened. A Goblin walked down the steps, slowly. Kin and Issa tensed. Bevussa’s beak opened wide. She reached for the iron bars.
“Listen. We know Erin Solstice. The Wandering Inn. We didn’t know Goblins were here, but we know Erin Solstice.”
The Hobgoblin looked at her. Bevussa stopped speaking and stared. Badarrow regarded Bevussa through red-rimmed eyes.
“I know.”
 
—-
 
The fortress was called Goblinhome. It was home to the last major Goblin tribe in this region of Izril. The Flooded Waters tribe. Or that was what they had been.
Now, they were Redfangs, Mountain City Goblins, Cave Goblins, Goldstone Goblins, and many more. They were her Goblins, and this was their last, their first, their only home.
Goblinhome. Built into the trapped valley, a fortress of stone and wood. It had repelled Frost Wyverns, other monsters, and even taken out adventurers.
However, its greatest strength had been secrecy; that no one knew it was here. Now, they did.
Rags did not like that. Then again, she did not like many things that happened to her. They happened anyways. Adventurers had escaped the impromptu battle in the High Passes that had started due to some kind of…Skill that made Sharpstick attack.
He was doing penance, as he saw it. Dangerous patrols, shoveling poo-pits…Rags had told him it was not his fault. Sometimes, though, a Goblin had to do what they felt was right.
Adventurers were going to come and attack. She knew it was an inevitability. She just wished she had longer to prepare.
