8.16
Page 7
That came from a young [Lordling], barely fifteen, who was being trained and tutored in Altestiel’s care. He’d been too young to go to Izril, but Altestiel, who wanted nothing more than to sit and talk in private, grudgingly turned.
“It would tire him too much. Her Majesty will understand. Probably. And if she doesn’t, she can take away my estates. You may speak to Lord Bel if he meets you, but none of you are to take up his time! He won’t mind, but you should.”
The assembled group nodded, catching Altestiel’s will. One Lizardfolk [Maid] couldn’t help but wave a claw.
“I—I have to know! Is it true though that Lord Belchaus is the best [Dancer] in the world? Someone said he was, not just the best dancing [Lord]! Did he once participate in a dance competition so exciting and difficult that he exploded his opponent’s legs?”
The others looked skeptical. Altestiel sighed.
“That’s myths for you. He didn’t explode his opponent’s legs. That’s silly.”
“Oh, of c—”
“They just fell off. That’s all.”
Stitchfolk. However, Altestiel was amused enough by the furor until he and Lord Bel retreated to his study.
 
—-
 
Unlike a certain dead [Innkeeper]’s fantasies, Lord Altestiel’s private rooms were not some huge, carpeted vista with a roaring fire and couches and such with huge glass windows overlooking Desonis.
It was close. There were big glass windows since nothing beat watching the rain pour down over the landscape. However, Altestiel followed Desonis styles. Which was to say, a style of peoples used to the pervasive humidity, and two species who outright welcomed it.
“Come on in, Lord Bel.”
“Ah, how I forget the luxuries of Desonis.”
Lord Bel paused, his towel fluttering about him—then he tossed it aside and joined Altestiel in the pool of water. Heated wonderfully by magic.
Perhaps only Desonis’ people considered that you should have an indoor hot tub inside your homes instead of a couch for socialization. Also, that clothing was an outdoors conceit.
Thus, Earl Altestiel offered Lord Belchaus a drink and snacks, both of which were on cork, floating trays, bobbing in the steaming hot tub as they sat, comfortably naked in the scented waters with expensive perfumes and alchemical oils, watching the rain stop falling from the windows.
If they got bored of this, they could retreat to drier settings, including the heated floor upon which one relaxed with nary more than a cushion or blanket; a favorite among Lizardfolk, hated by Drowned People.
However, they were unlikely to. Lord Belchaus’ eyes closed as he relaxed in the enchanted waters, which one could sit in for six hours without developing a single wrinkle, and Altestiel leaned back, luxuriating in the heat.
“So.”
“So.”
The two traded glance with each other. Altestiel sipped from a strong drink; Lord Bel had something far less stiff. The Lord of the Dance eyed the Earl of Rains.
They were friends. Not the closest, but certainly they respected each other as daring strategists and [Lords] of nearby nations might. Also, because both played chess.
At times though, they might be enemies. Nadel fought with Desonis, so their relationship was based upon such facts.
However, chess had made a distant respect closer to actual friendship. Altestiel knew why Bel had come.
“I found them.”
“I was going to ask! But when you returned and I heard you were shut up with rain falling, I assumed—well, I assumed it was a ‘she’, and she dumped you.”
