8.16
Page 29
“Hm…no. Although it is fine if others think that. No, to settle. To live, as we do on Izril. Live, that Gnolls might be widespread on two continents. We have done it before.”
“We were wiped out.”
“Then we must try again. You both know the last will of the Meeting of Tribes.”
To revitalize the Gnoll population. Both Gnolls scrutinized each other as Perbne nodded.
“The tribes prepared for war—ironically before the Antinium came. Now? Our numbers swell, but there is less land for Gnolls. Better not to fight each other or Drakes. Better to use the King of Destruction’s war. Some of our tribes may ally, some fight against. If they could live in Chandrar, we would call it success no matter how it happens.”
“That’s so—ambitious.”
Feshi took a breath. Krshia nodded. Her plans of teaching Gnolls magic almost seemed small compared to this. She was about to point out the logistics of getting so many Gnolls over the sea when Feshi spoke.
“I—wished to talk to Honored Krshia about this, but since you are here, Shaman Perbne, it seems only fitting. The Weatherfur tribe has a similar plan, if not one so ambitious.”
Perbne’s eyes opened. Krshia studied Feshi. The [Strategist] glanced at both, looking at Krshia longer.
“We plan to put forwards a movement smaller in scope. More…tactical. We had hoped to send a tribe north. Into Human lands. Multiple tribes, if it is even possible to negotiate for rights. I will be returning to Oteslia to attempt to meet with Magnolia Reinhart soon.”
Krshia sat there, mouth open. Perbne just smiled.
“A fine idea. Why not do both? Let our Chieftains meet, then. I hope Silverfang will listen to our plans and consider supporting them.”
“Of—of course we will. I have no doubt my sister, Chieftain Akrisa, will take it into consideration.”
The two Gnolls nodded. Krshia gaped at them.
Grand plans were being born at this Meeting of Tribes. They didn’t even know about the Earthers!
Or…perhaps that was why. They sensed it. The Gaarh Marsh [Shaman] looked restless, as if she sensed it again. A story repeating itself.
Times of change.
 
—-
 
Krshia wanted to find Akrisa and tell her about the big plans—she was even supportive of Weatherfur’s, a bit more dubious about the scope of Gaarh Marsh’s. However, Silverfang would surely ally with both powerful tribes.
Akrisa was not back yet, however. There was huge news, though. Cetrule, who had stayed to organize a search for Ferkr, reached Krshia as she returned to camp alone, looking agitated.
“Krshia! There is a massive problem!”
She tensed.
“The convoy from Liscor?”
“No! We must deal with this—I need your help! All the Gnolls of authority in the Silverfang tribe must stop this!”
“Stop what?”
Krshia was uncertain about her taking a position of command, despite being Honored, as a City Gnoll. However, Cetrule dragged her off, and she realized he was trying to grab every young Silverfang and confiscate…
What? Confiscate something? Krshia reached for a Gnoll trying to conceal something behind her back.
“What is it you have?”
“Everyone has one, Honored Krshia! Don’t take mine.”
The Gnoll had a jade bracelet on her wrist, a pretty thing she was trying to hide. Had she stolen it? That didn’t seem to be the issue, though.
“No one is taking anything! Put it back! Return it—now!”
Cetrule shouted. The Gnolls protested. One waved a magical wand—albeit one that merely removed stains.
“They were gifts, Cetrule! All the tribes have them!”
“We will not! Give them back! Now!”
