8.16
Page 14
“We allow that, your Majesty. Nadel is an ally. Lord Bel would be one beyond reproach.”
“Good. What else?”
Altestiel had many thoughts, including going back and placing everyone in The Wandering Inn under Desonis’ protection. And screaming at Erin Solstice’s grave. For now?
“Your Majesty. The young people say they are from…Den’s Mark.”
“Denmark, Earl.”
Kiish whispered. Altestiel nodded.
“Denmark. They were far from alone. If whatever teleportation effect missed them—I suggest we comb the swamps. All of Desonis!”
“All of it?”
The Bedtime Queen raised a hand. She looked at Altestiel. She nodded.
“It will be done.”
 
—-
 
That day, the normally sleepy-but-sociable court and government of Desonis turned upside down. Every [Mayor], ruling body, or [Headman] of every village, town, and city, got a summons to report certain criteria to the palace.
[Scriveners], [Record-Keepers], and so on were mobilized to find unusual immigrants. [Harbormasters] were called to give an accounting of strange young people bound to Wistram, with dates and places.
Anyone—no, any Human—had to be reported. Especially with certain clothing, phrases. Devices?
Normally, that kind of thing would be something slowly put into motion by bureaucracy, with a local official carrying it out to the levels of diligence they possessed.
Not this time. The Knights of Desonis marched into the swamp, with [Hunters], and the bewildered lower-ranking leadership realized they couldn’t answer the [Message] spell after tea. They answered it now or they lost their jobs.
The [Chamberlain] was breathing down the necks of the royal [Knights], as well as the Minister of the Treasury, the Diplomat of Desonis, Earl Altestiel—
The Bedtime Queen marched about, inspiring people to action by her presence, as much as anything else. She would not rest until she was sure no other child of Earth was in her kingdom, and if she wasn’t resting, no one else damn well would!
Results appeared, if only because the authority present demanded results and competence—or heads.
 
—-
 
They found one more, bound for Wistram. Altestiel and Kiish were preparing to head for that harbor, to intercept the young woman waiting there, who apparently didn’t even speak the common tongue; the [Harbormaster] reported her as being ‘Drathian’, but not seeming at all like a native of Drath.
Geilouna flopped back in her bed when she decided they’d found all they could, dead from the unaccustomed exertion. However, she accompanied Altestiel to court. He was going with Kiish and a squad of Knights of Desonis; no overconfidence here.
If the Wistram [Mage] who’d found this young woman wanted to play games, she’d find out whether a tidal wave beat a [Fireball]. In Altestiel’s experience? It did.
Before they left, though, a crying voice interrupted them. The five Earthers, safely in the court, were nonetheless in tears—at least, two of the five.
One of the courtiers or nobles had, with goodwill and all the subtlety of a knife to the gut, inquired after the dead, or made some insensitive-but-well-meaning comment. Someone was in hysterics.
“Go. I’ll deal with this.”
Geilouna whispered to Altestiel. He nodded—and then heard a familiar whine of sound.
One of Nadel’s [Dancers] struck out on a fiddle, or a stringed instrument. No—a Chandrarian one, so, a wailing sound. Another pulled out a drum. The rest were clapping.
There he was. The Lord of the Dance stepped back, looking around. The screaming weeping halted—Lord Bel glanced at the young man he’d been talking to.
