8.16
Page 27
As they sat, though, the chief [Shaman] had children and adults sit around him. The second part of this event was this:
They told stories.
 
—-
 
A bird landed on Cers’ head and he was wide-eyed, staring up at it with crossed eyes and at the [Shaman] as she spoke.
“Long ago, when the first Gnolls emerged from the earth, after the Time of Hiding, we saw the great cities that Drake and Dragon had built. Some of us decided we should learn from them. They became City Gnolls, and live there to this day. However, most Gnolls decided safety lay in the open ground, the plains. There was more space back then, you see, and north and south were open to us. We remember the first Gnolls who made the Gaarh Marsh tribe decided to live in the very same swamps and marshes we travel—although they were bigger in those days. Eight times bigger; they have shrunk as Drakes dredged the land.”
“You remember it so clearly? How long ago was that?”
Yerranola was impressed. The [Shaman] nodded.
“We remember this detail, Honored Yerranola. However, how long? Thousands of years. Tens of thousands? Some details escape. That is the problem with history. However, we remember all the stories we can, and tell them.”
She gestured at their audiences.
“Drakes have similar stories. Humans, likewise. I will tell you the story of Feis if you wish it, children, guests. Feis Firescale, greatest of the Oldblood Drakes, who was said to have learned from a Dragonlord in the days when they still flew Izril’s skies. That is a story even Drakes have forgotten! Ah, but first, stories of Gaarh Marsh.”
She told them one to begin with, how the first Gnolls had wandered into the swamps, many suffering, but eventually, one had struck a bargain with the heart of nature and the first guardians—the Earth Elementals—became their mentors and defenders.
“We remember it. Alas, but we do not remember how the bargain was worded, or where it was struck.”
The [Shaman] looked sad. It was Venaz who lifted a hand, as if they were in class.
“There is a fallacy in your statement, [Shaman]. If your tribe can remember as far back as the first days of your people, why have you not collated or written down this information? Is this myth or fact?”
Feshi kicked him in the back, but Venaz did not relent. The [Shaman] met his challenging gaze.
“Fact.”
“You did not seek to preserve your knowledge, though? There are memory Skills and books; none of this was employed?”
She chuckled.
“Minotaur. Do your people remember every event in your history? Even ten thousand years ago?”
He shifted as everyone stared at him.
“Our records are exact up till about six thousand years and we keep records in multiple locations.”
“However, that is a short amount of time. Gaarh Marsh does the same, by the way. We did not always keep written notes, although we do now—but we have great [Storytellers] and [Shamans] who remember. We took pains to do so. Why do you think we lost it, despite knowing the value of the past? Hm…little Gnoll?”
She pointed to a girl from another tribe. The Gnoll rolled up her eyes, squinting as she tried to figure it out.
“…Because you lost the books?”
Everyone laughed. The Gnoll’s ears flattened, but the [Shaman] smiled approvingly.
“Not a bad answer! The truth is, we did lose them. Or they were destroyed.”
“Every record?”
“Venaz, shut up.”
Wil whispered to him. The Minotaur looked affronted. The [Shaman] from Gaarh Marsh met his eyes.
