8.16
Page 41
Rags listened to the street cant as the [Rogue] spoke. He’d been divested of his gear, but he was high-level. And he’d dodged two Goblin ambush volleys before surrendering.
They might have killed him even so, but he’d gotten the Cave Goblins in the first trap-zone to hesitate. Because he’d spoken in Goblin.
She had no idea what he meant by Ullsinoi or the Brothers—he seemed to think she was more tied to The Wandering Inn than she was. So Rags dissembled.
“None mentioned your gang. How do you know Goblin?”
His eyes crossed and he replied slowly, with effort.
“Goblin taught me, obviously.”
Rags glanced at Redscar. The Goblin scowled.
“Wrong. Imposs—imposs—”
“Impossible. How would Goblins and Humans work together?”
Redscar nodded as Rags turned to the [Rogue], whose name was Whet. Probably an alias.
“Y’know, it’s always been funny to me, Chieftain Rags. A fellow hears that from Humans when they hear about Goblins in gangs. Yet Goblins say the same thing when they hear we do business.”
Whet leaned back in his chair, looking calm. Rags wasn’t fooled. He was nervous. He was a good liar, but she’d upgraded herself far past being a little Goblin taught by a [Necromancer].
Her eyes flickered and she saw how hot he was. Not…hot hot, as in sexy. Rags was still not at that point. Yet the [Steelflame Strategist] could see heat. It was trickier to tell lies, but it still worked.
“We could have killed you. How many Goblins tribes kill you—people like you?”
Whet licked his lips and smiled genially. He tried to charm her, or do something—it bounced off her aura. It did work on Redscar, who had no resistance against that kind of thing, and an appreciation for anyone with a toned body. Rags scowled, jerked a thumb. Redscar left the room.
“I admit, it’s risky, making contact. There’s some unfriendly tribes out there. Heard of the Kraken Eaters? They don’t talk. Poor fellows learned that the hard way. But there’s another reasonable tribe out there. And I’m assured you knew one of the tribes we worked with from time to time. The Mountain City Tribe? Great Chieftain Tremborag?”
Rags blinked. Tremborag had…? Of course he had. She folded her arms.
“What is it you do? Buy slaves? Ask Goblins to raid places? I am not Tremborag. I would not kill you—”
Whet smiled wider, relieved. Rags went on.
“—But I would tell Poisonbite to chop off here if I don’t like what I hear.”
She gestured. Poisonbite grinned. Calescent and Whet looked uneasy. Rags wasn’t going to do that, but the [Rogue] spoke quickly.
“We don’t demand anything, Chieftain. We’re just—here—to be mutually profitable. Goblins have gold. Yet they can’t spend it. A long time ago, whomever started my gang decided that was a shame. If you had anything—anything you needed, like potions, books, trinkets you can’t get the usual way—we can help.”
Ah, they were [Traders]. Rags was surprised, then not. She supposed that she should have expected Goblins to join the underworld—if they could. Anything to survive. As for making money? Humans were greedy.
“Well, then. You can live. And keep testicles. And gonads. Even trade. If you tell about Goblinhome, though…”
She listened as Whet made his pitch, relieved to keep all his possessions. In fact, Rags asked for a catalogue, and after eying the list, turned to Calescent.
“Calescent.”
“Chieftain?”
He was pointing at something in the catalog. Rags slapped his hand down. He pointed again, at the shiny cooking set. He waggled his brows. Rags scowled.
“We will buy things on this list.”
