8.16
Page 25
Of all the tribes, the Gaarh Marsh was, like the Wild Wastes tribe, the easiest to assign the most common Gnollish pejoratives to.
‘Barbarian’. ‘Savage’. You heard it sometimes to describe the Gnollish people. The comparison was always between Humanity or Gnollkind, or Drakes in their civilized cities compared to the wild nomads.
It was not fair even for those tribes. It was what people said. However, it was true that the Gaarh Marsh tribe had a bit more space from some other tribes…due to the smell.
Nature, to be blunt. The Earth Elemental had tracked wide swaths of rich soil and mud, and parts of it were continually decomposing. Growing as well. It was not a smell Tkrn enjoyed, so he wrinkled his nose along with some of the adults.
The children like Cers didn’t care. Satar bowed deeply to one of the [Shamans] sprinkling something on the ground. Peki kept staring at the Earth Elemental as the chief [Shaman] talked, explaining the Gaarh Marsh tribe’s specialty, and where they lived to the other Gnolls here for the event.
“Peki. Peki.”
Merrik nudged his friend, knowing what she was thinking. The Garuda [Martial Artist] glanced at him. The Dwarf whispered.
“You are not challenging the Earth Elemental.”
“Why?”
The two began arguing. Meanwhile, the [Shaman] was speaking.
“…we grow many rare plants, and make all we need from the marshes. Our power comes from there, and we do not reject living so close to nature. I do know some think it is odd, as some nature is uncomfortable! That is our way, however.”
She gestured to herself and Wil shuddered a bit despite himself. Mostly because when the [Shaman] said they lived with nature, she meant it. A bug crawled across one arm, under her fur, but seemed content just to shelter; it did not bite her. However, the proximity of insects made Wil decidedly uncomfortable.
“This place smells.”
Cers broke in, unrepentantly talkative, and some of the other Gnolls chuckled, a touch scandalized. Satar looked horrified and embarrassed. On the other hand, the [Shaman] of Gaarh Marsh just laughed. So did Krshia. It would take more than Cers’ comments to bother them, she knew.
“It does! Not everything in nature is fine. However, there are wonders. Come—I think that is enough talk. You are here to see the blooming. This is our tribe’s strength. Our magic—and our knowledge.”
So saying, she tapped the mud with her staff where she had been sprinkling small objects. As she did, the tiny seeds she had tossed down bloomed.
Vivid orchids sprouted in seconds, blooming huge petals. A twisting vine shot up and nearly hit Cers in the nose. He recoiled, and then laughed, as a tall, upright plant rose, then sprouted leaves, and a sunflower-esque head, albeit red.
“That’s amazing! Do it again! Again!”
The others were just as impressed.
“Beautiful.”
Venaz murmured, eying a resplendent plant, which seemed to have been comprised of straight angles and corners, no curves at all to it. It was sturdy where the other plants moved as the watchers reached out.
“Ah, do not touch that one, young Cers. Nor that.”
The [Shaman] stopped the little Gnoll from touching the tall flower, or another one. She cautioned the guests.
“Not all plants are good to touch, either. This one will prick you with invisible needles. This one will send little spores into your fur, which you will not enjoy.”
“Is it safe to have the children near them, then?”
A Gnoll was concerned. The Gaarh Marsh [Shamans] snorted. One retorted.
“Safe? In the short term—no. In the long term, how else would they learn not to touch when warned?”
