8.16
Page 3
The name had come to her unfairly as a child, because she’d contracted a disease that had made her sleep for days, weeks on end with only an hour or two of waking. For four years. She had gone from twelve to sixteen in this state of slumber, the [Healers] unable to help.
The Slumbering Princess. The Sleepy Queen. The Bedtime Queen. The Sovereign of Softness. The Ruler of Pillows and Sheets.
She rather liked the titles, incidentally. That was Geilouna. Was she a good [Queen], though? Well…
 
—-
 
The Earl Altestiel was one of the most eligible bachelors in Desonis. A contrast to his [Queen], who had been divorced twice and was not one of the most eligible bachelorettes among Terandrian monarchs for a number of reasons.
He was in his early forties, but looked far younger, having light purple-and-silver hair, hawkish nose, piercing bright yellow eyes, and he dressed in magical cloth armor, such that his nature and charm meant he swept Desonis’ courts whenever he arrived.
…Usually. This time, Geilouna woke from her slumber to hear the patter of rain overhead. That was not unusual; Desonis had rain more than sun. However, it soon became a roar. And since her [Weather Mages] had not predicted this…
“Altestiel.”
She sighed and went back to sleep until he stormed in. Incidentally, a fact few knew about Geilouna was that she had suffered from the sleeping sickness as a girl, but she did not still have it. She could drop off to sleep in two seconds whenever she wished, but that was a Skill.
[Sleep Storage] and [Quick Slumber] had evolved with her, such that in an hour of need…or weeks…Geilouna could tend to the affairs of her nation without need of sleep, for a month straight if need be. She had done that once.
In practice though, she was just lazy and liked lying in bed.
Anyways, here came the Earl. The court saw him drip into the royal palace, hair sopping wet, disheveled, a small raincloud still pouring over his head despite the best efforts of his [Strategist], Kiish, and the small retinue to stop it.
“What a child.”
Queen Geilouna remarked as the Earl was brought to her bedchambers and sometimes ruling seat of office. The Earl glared at her.
“Your Majesty wanted to see me? You’ve already helped kill the one woman I could have married. The greatest chess player in the world! You—you jealous hag! Won’t you leave me alone? Take out your bad marriages on someone else!”
The dozing [Queen], who had not deigned to sit up as the Earl was escorted in, opened one eye. Her cat and sheep clambered off the bed. The air was humid, thundery and rainy, filled with Altestiel’s powerful aura. Now? The advisors, who had returned, servants, and Altestiel’s retinue all flinched.
“You little brat. First you run off when Ailendamus is at war, you ignore our royal command for weeks, and now you have the gall to lecture us on love? So sayeth the boy who enjoys sulking about love lost more than cherishing it!”
A finger pointed. Nothing happened. Geilouna waved it—then reached for her crown, hung on a banister on the bed. She slapped it on her head; pointed.
A gout of water blasted at Altestiel. He didn’t even bother dodging; he let it lay him out. The soaked Earl glowered at his Queen as his people picked him up from the floor.
“Child? At least I can get out of bed in the morning! I don’t care about Ailendamus. You want to stay out of war? Fine. I’m going back to my estates.”
He turned to march out of the room. Geilouna sat up, propping pillows for a backrest.
