8.16
Page 40
Make sure her tribe was safe. Find out what Velan had hid, and the second key, which could be anywhere in Izril, or the world.
Grow stronger. Find out the secret of Goblin Kings. Kick Greydath in between the legs.
…See if Erin could live again.
Bold goals, big goals. Impossible to quantify or easily make progress towards, except in steps. The one immediate thing Rags was thinking of as the [Sniper] stood in front of her was….
“Numbtongue. And Ulvama. Both in inn. Which one do you want, if either?”
She examined Badarrow. The [Sniper] sat there, in a chair, also not of Goblin make. Rather plush. Rags had put the best items in her rooms. Luxuries of a Chieftain.
“Numbtongue. Ulvama is…odd. If Chieftain wants, Chieftain gets.”
“Would Numbtongue come?”
“No. He stays there. With Erin.”
Badarrow looked at Rags. She nodded heavily. The five Redfangs who had saved the Cave Goblins, who had met Erin and protected her…were no more. There was only Badarrow, Rabbiteater, and Numbtongue left.
Rabbiteater had gone far away. Badarrow was here, and Numbtongue? She had never met him, but he seemed to be Erin’s guardian.
For all the good it did. Rags put the bitter thought aside. What had shocked her was the knowledge that Ulvama was alive. She remembered the [Shaman] and their brief encounter—but she was dubious on Ulvama.
The [Shaman] had tried to persuade Badarrow to take her, but he’d been understandably wary. Rags shared his judgment. Ulvama had been intelligent, but cunning, a fit for Tremborag. Not Goblinhome, not necessarily. Still, a [Shaman] of her caliber would be greatly useful.
More important to Rags was the knowledge that there were Goblins being held in a land to the north! A land she knew. Her fist clenched.
“Riverfarm matters more than Ulvama. Dangerous [Emperor] has them.”
“Safe though, says Ulvama.”
Rags shrugged. A little Cave Goblin she had known was apparently among their number, if Badarrow’s news from Ulvama was to be trusted. Rags would have already set out to rescue them, but the logistics of saving Goblins from that [Emperor] were dangerous. Still, she had [Wyvern Riders].
If only she had Gold-rank Adventurers of her own she’d rest easy. Redscar was arguably that good—Rags herself might qualify to some degree, and Badarrow and Snapjaw, but they were few compared to the monsters out there.
Like Elia Arcsinger.
Well, Rags could have debated the consequences of all these actions all day. This was a familiar tangle of thoughts, a paralysis of command she’d grown used to. She looked at Badarrow.
“You go rest. Have sad sex with Snapjaw or something. I will let Wings of Pallass go free soon.”
“Yes, Chieftain.”
He almost smiled at her joke. Rags watched him go. Then she sat back. Numbtongue and Ulvama.
“…Fine. [Emperor] is treating Goblins okay? We’ll see. If not…”
First things first. Rags sat back up, and as Badarrow left her office, went to meet her second appointment of the day. She walked into the room and Calescent, Redscar, and Poisonbite all turned to her. Her [Shaman], Taganchiel, looked at her as the second prisoner-visitor to Goblinhome in as many days raised his head.
Rags pursed her lips as she stared at the Human [Rogue] who’d climbed all the way up to their mountain fortress and surrendered to the Goblins.
“Why are all of you coming now?”
The man grinned.
 
—-
 
“As it happens, I’m not so much with that inn. Although I am by way of Ullsinoi and we do business with the Brothers now and then. My gang’s not all smash or even flash, though.”
