8.16
Page 23
That was because Lehra was more than her name. She was a Named-rank adventurer and could, by her intervention, turn the tables in a battle. Or war. Even the Walled Cities, Inkar had been told by Deskie and Eska, had only five Named Adventurers they could call on at most in Manus’ case—and only one or two might ever be in the city at any given time.
Five Named Adventurers was more than any one kingdom could hope to field. On the other hand, that didn’t include [Champions], [Generals], and such who might match them. Lehra was twice as valuable for her age, though; she had already reached Named-rank in her twenties! What might she accomplish by the time she had lived twice as long?
The fact that she threw an arm around Inkar—and Tkrn’s shoulders—and called them friends, inviting them to eat with Suxhel, was not lost on observers. The Gazer adventurer made Lehra wash her paws first, though.
“Ah, to be young again.”
Honored Krshia snorted, noting her nephew’s embarrassment as the group took breakfast in the Silverfang camp along with some of the participants from last night. Akrisa, her older sister, raised her brows.
“What does age have to do with it, Krshia? Honored Deskie herself shouldn’t lack for company—if she wished it.”
“Mother.”
The scandalized Gnoll was not Krshia, but rather, Satar, Akrisa’s oldest daughter, who had come from an Ekhtouch union herself. The older Gnolls snorted as Satar escaped, with little Cers Silverfang, who decided the adults were disgusting too.
“Another day dawns in the glorious Meeting of Tribes. So, sister. What will we do today?”
Krshia yawned as she rose. Akrisa shook her head, her smile lessening.
“You, sister, have the chance to go about. Perhaps with Cers or Satar? They would like to visit the other tribes. I, however, must meet with the Plain’s Eye tribe.”
“Before the gathering of Chieftains?”
Krshia’s ears perked up. Akrisa gave her a frown, mindful of the listening Gnolls.
“It would be impolite not to.”
Once again, Krshia was struck by the Plain’s Eye tribe’s growing influence, and it had been strong in the last Meeting of Tribes she had been in. She nodded, slowly.
“I may walk with Cers and Satar. Not least because I have business with the other tribes.”
“Then you must go visit the Gaarh Marsh tribe. Cers! Your Aunt Krshia, she will take you to the blooming sights today, yes? Be polite! Perhaps Honored Lehra and company would be interested?”
“Blooming sights? What are they?”
Lehra’s head bobbed up, along with Tkrn and Inkar. Akrisa was amused.
“Perhaps you were too young to recall it last time? It is for children and adults. Go visit. You may pass some hours quite pleasantly, and understand one of our oldest tribes who keeps to all the old ways. Along with Plain’s Eye, of course. What else have you to do, Krshia?”
The [Royal Shopkeeper]-[Councilwoman] sighed. She looked at Akrisa, unable to conceal a tiny frown on her face.
“Merely a personal favor. Whilst our guests from Liscor are still on the way, and safe, I am assured—it seems another Gnoll I had hoped to introduce you to has…gone missing. Magus Grimalkin of Pallass has prevailed on me to find his apprentice.”
Akrisa’s ears perked up. She set down her silkap and glanced at her [Shaman] and partner, Cetrule.
“In that case, we will send some to ask for her and see if she was seen.”
“Thank you, Chieftain.”
 
—-
 
Lehra ran off to find the rest of her team. Tkrn and Inkar found themselves walking with Orreh and Oor as usual. Well, the change was that Tkrn and Inkar had linked arms.
“I wish I could do that. All I have is my brother, no?”
