8.16
Page 18
They were still guests of the Grand Queen, although they travelled to every Hive in the Hivelands—save for the Twisted Hive. Anand shook off the kind hands.
“Life is worthless. Erin is dead. I—I am drunk! I will now eject the contents of my stomach!”
He gave it a try, like he’d seen some guests doing. Eventually, he gave up and lay down.
Erin was dead. No one was here to help Anand. Not Belgrade. Not Pawn, not Bird or Garry or—Anand got up after a moment.
“Klbkch! Klbkch, Erin is dead. I am sad. What do we do?”
He entered the room and eight Custodium, and six Queens stared at him.
“Oh.”
Klbkch himself stared at Anand. His head, slowly growing a mass of tendrils being connected to a body-in-progress, was suspended in a custom vat. A Birther. Anand looked at the Silent Queen, who was performing the most complex creation of a new body in the history of the Antinium of Izril.
“Anand. Get. Out.”
The [Strategist] slowly backed out of the room. He wandered out of the Silent Antinium’s Hive, knowing he had made a mistake. Angered Klbkch.
No longer caring. Erin was dead. Anand knew this was not factually true, but it felt like it. He…
…Tried to drown himself in the underground lake. At least until Goat and Archer A11 pulled him out. Anand had only stuck his head under the water.
“Let go! I am a failure! I should have been there!”
He thrashed as they dragged him away. The teams of Antinium working on Iteration #227 of the ships stared after him. Anand cared not for the ship. It would fail.
The longest any ship had ‘floated’ was one minute and thirty eight seconds. If you counted mainly sinking as floating, anyways.
Ships were hard. Anand would have tried to study the books on ship-building he’d asked to be sent via Liscor, but he didn’t care.
Erin was dead.
 
—-
 
He was wandering the Hivelands, on the surface, half-hoping an adventurer popped out and stabbed him when someone found him. Not Goat, or the other anxious Free Antinium, who were also grieving, but something far larger.
Far older. Anand peeked up, then lowered his head.
“Oh. It’s you.”
“Me.”
Wrymvr agreed. The voice was bubbling, coming out of Wrymvr’s mouth…or multiple of them. Wrymvr the Deathless, most fearsome of the Centenium in close combat, able to fight multiple Named Adventurers at once and survive, looked down at Anand.
Once, Anand had feared the Twisted Hive. Even now, he feared what he had seen, a kind of death beyond death.
Today though, he would have charged the Twisted Hive with a bare fist.
“What do you want? I am grieving. If you’re going to eat me…”
His voice quivered. If he died, would he see Erin? He was afraid the answer was no, even if Heaven existed.
“No. I. Do not eat other Antinium.”
Wrymvr might have been amused. Talking came to him with difficulty, it seemed. Anand knew Klbkch and the Queens could talk differently.
“You kill us. We are not True Antinium. Is that why you’re here? Because I am a failure, a distraction?”
He touched his antennae. Again, though, Wrymvr demurred.
“No.”
The vast Centenium studied Anand. It—he—had sought Anand out. The Worker swayed on his feet; he had been imbibing alcohol on the assumption it might help. It had not, only made him dizzy. Nevertheless, Wrymvr appeared…different from the [Strategist]’s memories.
His body had evolved again, changing to some other role. He still had massive wings, and was squat, quadrupedal…sextupedal…many-pedal, rather than upright like most Antinium.
Many mouths, many legs, openings to project acid or other dangerous substances; Wrymvr was the epitome of death. Anand stared at him.
