8.16
Page 1
“Is the Knight-Marshal of Rains still not willing to prevail upon our royal majesty in…here?”
She demanded of her people. One of her top [Generals] bowed.
“He has refused your summons, your Majesty.”
“Ah. Did he say that? What was his wording?”
“A polite refusal, Your Majesty. It may have come from the Knight-Marshal; the reply came from his estates through all official channels—”
The [Queen]’s eyes opened and she replied with a snap in her voice.
“Then Earl Altestiel did not make the reply. He is sulking. Someone tell him to present himself, here, now, within…three hours. Or I will strip him of his titles.”
The advisors looked at each other. That was not an idle threat. The Queen of Desonis had, in wrath, done just that. The [General] nodded and a [Messenger] ran to deliver the summons.
“Your Majesty, is it wise to make it an ultimatum? Depending on the Earl’s mood, he might…”
The [Court Mage] shut herself up as the [Queen] glowered her way. Geilouna of Desonis did not have the fiery red hair of many of Terandria’s monarchs. Rather, hers mimicked the common folk’s penchant; mud brown laced with green, much like the very marshes of Desonis in which the coastal kingdom had been founded.
Desonis by the sea. Desonis of Marshes. She had a few strands of glorious red mixed into the distinctive pattern, but one would hardly notice because of the messy hair. Bed hair was an apt term, but it did not even begin to describe the tangle. She rolled over from her lounging position, hardly the regal posture of many monarchs.
Then again, since she was the [Queen], it was regal by default. That was also her attitude towards many things.
“We are the Queen of Desonis. Desonis is me. Desonis are us.”
Geilouna rolled over again.
“If we summon the Earl, he must obey! For it is not I, but Desonis that summons him! When he offends us, he offends Desonis. I am Desonis’ wrath, its justice, its law.”
She lifted a hand and the advisors tensed. Queen  Geilouna held the hand up…then let her head fall back onto a pillow.
“Observe. Desonis rests. How long have we been at the affairs of the day, my council?”
“…Twenty minutes, your Majesty.”
The [Queen] didn’t bestir her head. Nor had she actually bothered to dress herself as resplendently as other rulers might for her day.
“Too long! Bring me my gelato! Bring me more fluffy animals from the menagerie!”
She clapped her hands. It was done. Servants entered the room.  Geilouna delicately tasted some of the ‘ice cream’, which Altestiel had brought back in recipe-form, thus saving her nation quite a bit of money.
In fairness, she hadn’t even eaten it regularly until it had become as cheap as the cost of creating it. As for the fluffy animals? A Slyphcat twined about her on the bed. The water-faring cat species nuzzled the [Queen], who affectionately pet it—then the cute little sheep, a miniature fluff ball purchased from a [Merchant] who sold such adorable animals.
Her advisors waited.  Geilouna went on, waving a spoon.
“Altestiel is an emotional brat. We are responsible for the fates of thousands of lives. You desire his council on the Ailendamus conflict, do you not, General Irsh?”
The General nodded. Of course, he was one of Desonis’ best [Generals]…but Altestiel was the [Knight-Marshal of the Rains]. Essentially the best leader in times of war. Certainly the most high-level.
“Yes, your Majesty. Your war council has made preparations in the unlikely event Ailendamus attempts to draw us into the war, or the Dawn Concordat likewise. However, the Knight-Marshal’s extraordinary instincts would be…”
