8.16
Page 26
He glanced meaningfully at Cers. The little Gnoll was reaching for the spore plant, which was more like a flower coming out of a mushroom. He hesitated, realized no one was going to stop him, even his big sister, and slowly edged back.
The display was wonderful, and the [Shamans] began showing the guests how each flower was useful. They even harvested one, mixing it up, and turning it into a dye; plucking another’s seeds and giving them to the adults. They were, apparently, quite good to taste and had effects adjacent to Dreamleaf, which the Gaarh Marsh tribe was familiar with.
Definitely worth coming to see. However, it did remind Tkrn uncomfortably of the Bloodfields. When he commented that to Inkar, having to explain what that was, one of the Gaarh Marsh [Shamans] overheard.
“Ah. You are from Liscor, yes? You have seen that place.”
Tkrn ducked his head.
“I didn’t mean to offend, [Shaman].”
He snorted.
“One does not offend so simply, young Gnoll. Nor are you wrong. Long have our [Shamans] maintained that the Bloodfields sprouted from ancestor-seeds similar to our people’s. If only they were easier to harvest, we might create new medicine or potions. Alas—we know the Bloodfields to be too dangerous.”
“Has anyone tried?”
Yerranola looked interested as she leaned on Venaz. The Minotaur was checking the diamond greatsword on his back.
“We should visit there too. Cautiously.”
Peki nodded; Feshi and Merrik rolled their eyes. Wil was just resigned. The [Shaman] grinned.
“Several times, Miss Yerranola. However, we do not try anymore. It is too risky for what we gained. Indeed, the last time we attempted to learn much was…four hundred years back. Four hundred and sixty. The Bloodfields have only grown more dangerous since then.”
He glanced at the other [Shamans] and they nodded. Yerranola was impressed.
“You remember that accurately?”
The [Shaman] nodded gravely.
“We must. Which brings us to our next portion. Come! Those who wish to admire the flowers or learn more may stay, but we have good drink and snacks. We shall enjoy it—here.”
He led them to a small hill. However, to the visitors’ surprise or dismay, it was equally muddy. The Earth elemental sat next to it, and they realized they were to sit there too, albeit on straw mats.
It did not prevent one from getting dirty. Nor, as it turned out, was that the point. As food and drink of the Gaarh Marsh was brought out, the visitors realized they weren’t eating in nature; they were eating with it.
A pale moth with white wings landed on Tkrn’s drinking cup and dipped a proboscis into his drink. He stared at it—then at the huge animal from the swamps who’d rolled over. The ‘pet’ began stealing some of the nuts from his bowl. Inkar just laughed, more at home with this than he was.
Krshia gently flicked off a roach from her fur, but she tried to be amiable as could be. Some couldn’t handle it, like Wil, who stood a bit shamefaced, drinking and talking with some of the others, but the others took the experience at face-value.
Venaz refused to leave, with classic Venaz-stubbornness, although his clenched jaw twitched every time a centipede or something ran over his legs. The Gnolls of the Gaarh Marsh tribe found this very amusing. However, as time went on, Tkrn and Inkar did enjoy themselves. None of the bugs bit, and the larger animals were quite welcome. Even a cow, with actual horns, who looked just as able to defend herself as any other animal who sat down next to them to Inkar’s delight.
