8.16
Page 39
In this way, Rags realized there was a lot about the world she still didn’t know. She might have, if she had remained at the inn.
The inn. She thought of Erin. Dead? She still couldn’t…Bevussa was looking at her. Rags schooled her features.
“You. Bevussa. What do if let go?”
She grunted, in passable common, but barely. Bevussa hesitated. Now, Rags eyed her, keeping her face mildly aggrieved.
“We would…leave. And not tell anyone about what you’re doing.”
“Captain—”
Rags saw Bevussa glance at Issa—or Kin—she didn’t know which, warningly. Rags made herself smile.
“Not tell? Promise?”
“We would promise. So long as Goblins don’t attack other people—we would promise. On truth spells.”
Bevussa nodded seriously at Rags. The little Chieftain thought about this. She glanced past Bevussa.
“Taganchiel. Were they telling the truth, or was that a lie?”
She called past Bevussa. The Garuda’s eyes widened as Rags spoke, far more fluently than before. She turned—and the [Shaman] sitting on the balcony opened his eyes.
He was from the Mountain City tribe, and was the best [Shaman] in Goblinhome.
“Half-truth, Chieftain.”
“I see.”
Rags saw Bevussa turn to look at her, the Oldblood Drakes patently shocked. Everyone thought someone who spoke poorly was stupid. She had learned that from Pyrite. So many lessons she had learned he hadn’t even needed to outright tell her. So many more she wished she’d had time to learn.
“If I let you go, you might bring an army back to attack Goblinhome. That would be a sad thing. I do not wish to have to kill an army of Drakes.”
She met Bevussa’s eyes. Rags gestured around Goblinhome.
“This is where Goblins live. You killed us one time.”
“We did not.”
Bevussa countered. Rags sighed.
“You? You are from Liscor, yes?”
The Gold-rank Captain nodded.
“We came after the battle, the siege. It was Humans who attacked your army.”
“Yes, I know. I was there. Humans attacked us. Drakes closed the gates in our faces. I saw both. Pallass tried to kill the Goblin Lord. You are Pallass’ adventurers, loyal Drakes and Garuda. I do not trust you. So—make me trust you. Or you will stay here.”
Rags met Bevussa’s eyes. Shaken, the Garuda stared at the little [Great Chieftain] of Goblinhome. Rags smiled.
“Do not worry. I am the nicest Goblin you will meet. I only wonder: are you honorable Gold-rank adventurers? Questions, questions.”
Then she walked off, rather pleased with one of her first conversations with a non-Goblin. Especially the goggle-eyed expressions. She had been practicing.
…But the person she had wanted to talk to was dead.
 
—-
 
She was probably going to let them go. Probably. Rags had considered her options.
She was not Tremborag. She would not torture the Gold-ranks. Keeping them prisoner? They’d just try to break out, and the odds were that someone would come to rescue them.
Prey on their notions of honor, make them sweat and swear, and hope. That was all Rags could do. She was already thinking of what to do if Pallass or someone else sent an army up here.
Part of her wanted to see them run up against the High Passes’ innumerable threats. However, Rags would never forget Tyrion Veltras’ army destroying three tribes in a single stroke.
The enemy could be terribly unfair. Which was why you cheated even harder.
Rags let Bevussa stew and talk to Badarrow. She, correspondingly, listened to news of Liscor that he relayed to her.
Nothing new with the dungeon. No new armies…Gnolls in some meeting of tribes? The inn was quiet.
Erin was dead. Rags nodded. She had known as much from when he returned. Right now, she had few goals in life.
