8.16
Page 16
So too was Queen Yisame ignorant of whatever it was she should know, despite the Grand Magus’ warning. She was, of course, aware that she was unaware, and had roused her court to fury, not least because she now owed the half-Elf a debt.
However, realization would be a long time in coming, even for those blessed with a ‘hint’ from Wistram.
Entire species knew now, like the Drowned Folk, whereas great kingdoms lay unawares.
Not that they were concerned because if you didn’t know what you were supposed to know, or didn’t even know that you were supposed to know what you didn’t know….
Ailendamus was not concerned with little hints, even from Archmages. Six times Viltach had tried, but King Itorin II was too important to bother directly with an Archmage’s concerns. Lesser officials, yes, but Viltach had insisted on speaking to Itorin II directly—and failed.
Grand Magus Eldavin too. Not that Itorin II didn’t have concerns. He had tons of them.
War with the Dawn Concordat, which he wanted done, uncomfortable with the eyes of the new ‘television’ on his designs for conquest. It made what he was doing a little too obvious. He wasn’t an [Emperor]—yet—for the very reason of optics. Television was making his job harder. He had a lot to do in any case.
Diplomacy, at home and abroad, to keep Ailendamus’ allies together and his enemies from working together. Jumped-up little [Lords] on Izril, foreign powers…
Not to mention the Demon’s ritual and whatever weapon had slain his [Knight] abroad. Of course, he attributed that to Demons. Not anything else.
Itorin Zessoprical, the Second, King of the Empire of Ailendamus—as it had swallowed smaller kingdoms over its meteoric rise—sat on his throne.
In his palace. Doing kingly things.
In another place in the palace of Ailendamus, someone almost as important was shouting at [Knights]. To be specific, the Order of the Thirsting Veil, one of three that Ailendamus boasted.
“This is not a small concern! Your petty excuses do not bear weight with me! Your Order will find out or—”
“Sir. Sir, we have no leads to go on!”
“That is not good enough!”
A man howled in the face of one of Ailendamus’ [Knight-Generals], which was astonishing given the other man’s rank. The man, clean-shaven, wearing expensive dark-purple silk robes ostentatiously augmented by Truegold, was gaudy as could be. He had numerous magical rings, and though he carried no weapon, he made up for it with all the other artifacts on his person.
Dame Hevcla of the Order of the Thirsting Veil, who had once met the Knight-Commander Calirn of the Order of Seasons, couldn’t believe this man’s audacity. Her leader was not a patient man, and he had challenged Ailendamus’ nobility to duels for less.
Especially because King Itorin II was well aware of the value of his [Knights]. However—it seemed this man was too important for even a [Knight-General] to reprimand for spraying spit in his face.
“Your Grace—”
The Duke shouted again. Given Ailendamus’ sprawling nobility and royal family and relatives, that wasn’t as impressive as another nation—but it was still just below the royal family. However, that was complicated by the fact that this man was, in fact, the uncle of King Itorin II, albeit separated from the direct line of the monarchy. So then again, it was as impressive as it should be.
Duke Rhisveri Zessoprical drew breath to scream again, and Dame Hevcla interrupted with a crisp salute.
“Your Grace Rhisveri, perhaps you could illuminate us on what was lost? We are aware of the break-in, of course.”
