8.16
Page 20
The [Strategist] sighed. He sat on a rock outside the tunnel as the Grand Queen’s Soldiers eyed Wrymvr, seeming as…nervous…as regular Antinium could.
“I do not want to. It seems pointless. Ships are hard. To build.”
He confided to Wrymvr. The Centenium fanned its wings.
“Yes. Sink easily too. Anand must build better.”
“I can’t. Klbkch has told me to work, and all the Queens! If I could, don’t you think I would have? It is too hard! I am a [Strategist], not a [Shipbuilder]! [Shipwright]? I do not even know what I am not!”
Anand’s voice raised plaintively. Perhaps this was a bad idea, but he finally had someone to complain to, and he was not afraid of dying at this moment. Wrymvr listened as Anand went on.
“Everything sinks when you put weight on it! Wood sinks! Stone sinks! Cotton sinks! It is so frustrating! Keeping something upright is so hard! Keeping it together is hard! It is too hard! I give up! I would not do so if Erin is alive. She is dead, though. So it is meaningless. Goodbye.”
He curled up. After a moment, a ‘foot’ nudged him. Anand rolled slightly on the ground.
“Strategist Anand is the only Antinium capable of design besides Queen. Try again. Encouragement words here.”
“You are bad at encouragement. Erin is better. She would give me a hug and kisses and food.”
“Can kill Wyvern for Anand. This Antinium does not understand hugs or kisses.”
“No good.”
There was silence now. Wrymvr stared at Anand. After a while, Anand…decided to do nothing. He hoped, wondered, if Wrymvr would leave.
Twenty five minutes later, Anand looked up.
“Don’t you have better things to do?”
“Possibility of ship construction is paramount. Anand realizes its own value and will work?”
Anand’s antennae waved at the vast Antinium dismally.
“…Anand does not.”
He went back to lying on the ground.
 
—-
 
“Klbkch. Klbkch. Your Anand is starting to irritate me.”
“Hah.”
The Silent Queen paused in her ministrations.
“What was that, Klbkchhezeim?”
“Nothing, Silent Queen. Merely recollecting thoughts.”
She nodded. Klbkch continued with Wrymvr.
“Anand is not the only method by which we might advance the Antinium’s cause, Wrymvr.”
“He is the most direct to reach other continents. Birthers cannot be easily transported overland; not possible under the ocean. Impossible/too much time. Boats are essential.”
That was true, Klbkch had to admit. Birthers, the growing vats in which new Soldiers or Workers or other types could be made, had long been the replacement to Queens—they had been recreated in Izril, and they were what the original Antinium used on Rhir.
However, those Birthers had been far more advanced. Able to create Soldiers with the correct supplies in a fraction of the time, and far more powerful varieties. Even Queens.
The Twisted Queen had upgraded the ones here, though. A bit. Rather, she had solved an issue plaguing the Antinium: the need for a Queen to directly monitor them, their inability to be transported—or clone themselves.
She had solved it all, but only up to a point. Now, in theory, the Antinium could continue if every Queen died, albeit without minds to lead or create new forms. However, a few problems remained.
The Birther vats were as fragile as glass, even with the Twisted Queen’s improvements. Mind you, thick glass, and it was decidedly better than what they had been; if you shouted in their presence, they would become injured and lose whatever Antinium they were working on.
However, transport remained an issue for all Antinium aside from Wrymvr and maybe Xrn. To get to Rhir…
