8.17 H
Page 17
The [Mercenary] hesitated, not least because of his tone, but as luck would have had it…
“Are you a good [Necromancer], like Perril Chandler before some ass ruined it?”
She quipped. Everyone turned to Pisces. He…
Nodded.
“Say rather, Miss [Mercenary], that I was a bad [Necromancer]. Until I met a good person.”
His tone was distant. He looked at Ceria and she bit her lip. Smiling, holding back the pang in her chest. The [Mercenary] captain didn’t know what to make of that.
“For the [Innkeeper] of Liscor.”
Ceria looked at the Captain of the Lifwail Blades. The Drake shrugged as heads rose, including Elia Arcsinger’s and Eldertuin’s.
“That’s why we’re here. If you don’t know—ask someone who wants to explain.”
 
—-
 
More than one team was here for Erin Solstice. However, what surprised Ceria was that more than one team was here because of them. Before she met the Pithfire Hounds, who had asked to meet them, citing a certain Wind Runner as the reason for dragging half a dozen Silver-ranks south, another team captain asked to make her acquaintance by name.
“Captain Ceria of the Horns of Hammerad. I am Dorgon of Maweil, from the House of Minos. My team and I wished to speak to you about one of your former members on the eve of battle.”
Ceria’s skin prickled. Accordingly, frost raced up her arms, instead of goose bumps. It melted as she turned and saw the slimmest Minotaur she had ever met in her life, and there had only been half a dozen at most.
Dorgon looked slender compared to Calruz, Bezale, and most of his kind. Not malnourished or even thin, just not with the bulky muscles Ceria had seen the other Minotaurs sporting. On the other hand…he had two shortswords, or rather, a combined shortsword-swordbreaker and a traditional shortsword.
“Dorgon of Maweil? I greet you—er—”
Ceria tried to remember the phrase Calruz had sometimes used.
“From…the House of Minos’s shores…uh…”
“…to wherever we land. By honor we stand.”
He finished the phrase as two more Minotaurs walked over, clasping his hands together. He bowed and Ceria did too. Dorgon gestured.
“This is Wered of Hammerad. Also of Maweil is Thoven.”
They greeted her as well. Wered was an [Armorbreaker], a specialist who carried a long, heavy maul. The entire purpose was to smash armor to bits. Thoven was interesting. He carried some kind of insane…
“Is that even a bow?”
“It’s called an X-bow.”
The Minotaur gestured to the crossed bows, which met at the center. It was like if someone fused two regular bows to form an ‘X’. Ceria had no idea why this would make it better. It looked either silly as hell, or intimidating, since they were both oversized longbows and the draw on the combined weapon had to be comparable to a ballista or something.
“My team is known as Maweil’s Reach. We are Silver-ranks.”
“You’re Silver?”
Ceria didn’t believe it. Even when he’d been ‘Silver’, that had been because his team was Silver-ranked and Calruz was stronger than a number of Gold-rank adventurers even without gear. Dorgon’s lips quirked.
“It is customary to work your way up through the ranks, and my team has only been adventuring for nine months. The House of Minos does not issue adventurer rankings.”
“I…see.”
Calruz had complained about that, or so Ceria recalled. And it was Calruz she suddenly thought of.
It was for Calruz that they were here. Dorgon led her to their outdoor camp, and treated her to a drink that tasted stiff, but had no alcohol in it.
“We don’t care to dull our senses so close to the battlefield. If you have wine…”
“I’m fine. How can I help you?”
