8.17 H
Page 36
They had history here, the [Bard] and the [Chieftain]. Yet neither had been here while the other was present.
Until now.
There was so much to say. So much to ask. Rags only had one question, though. She looked at Numbtongue, and saw he carried Pyrite’s last will. He had borne it, and the grief, the loss, the feeling of meeting her walked in him as much as her.
It was time. Rags closed her eyes, then looked at the Hobgoblin [Bard].
“…Do you know where she is?”
Numbtongue’s eyes widened. He turned, looking up, past Rags, and then back at her.
“Yes. Come. This way.”
Mrsha saw Rags follow the line of his vision. She saw Rags’ breath catch, saw her eyes fix on the top of the hill shrouded in mists.
So, the [Chieftain] of the Flooded Waters tribe climbed, following the [Bard]. She had come here, to the first real home she had ever known too late to stop tragedy.
Far too late. She had spoken, shaken hands with a Human, tipped the server, eaten pasta and drunk blue fruit juice at a table, just as she’d dreamed. Reality, though, was nothing like what she had wanted.
Too late. This wasn’t even the same inn. It had changed beyond almost all recognition. Rags walked through statues, stopping, reaching out with trembling fingers. She knew them all.
She walked past her family, her tribe, her friends. Past Reiss, Garen Redfang, footsteps trailing. Stumbling.
The Goblin was too late for it all. However, she stopped, and looked down at the frozen bier. The little Gnoll and Hobgoblin stepped back, leaving her alone.
At last. She realized something.
She was not too late to talk to Erin Solstice. It was just different. That was all.
Rags bowed her head, and began to speak.
 
—-
 
An [Innkeeper] sat at the table, eyes wide, doing that shocked expression she did so well. Erin Solstice and surprise, a classic combination.
Of course, there was a chess board between them. A game in progress. Now and then, one of them would move a piece, but neither was concentrating as hard on that as the conversation, each other.
She was probably losing. However, Rags lifted the new invention and eyed it.
“Greasy.”
“That’s the first thing you say?”
Erin threw up her hands in exasperation. Rags frowned, and prodded at the bread and oil gathering on the plate.
“What is this supposed to be? I always wanted to ask; I never could. You fed me strange things.”
The [Innkeeper] huffed, a bit indignantly.
“Hey! I did my best with a limited budget! You ate it! You liked it as I recall!”
The Goblin raised her eyebrows. She was still shorter than Erin, even with boots, but she was catching up. It had seemed like yesterday that Erin Solstice, the Destroyer, as she was known to the Flooded Waters Goblins, was a giant compared to the non-Hobs.
“What I ate was bugs, mud, and sometimes blue fruit. Everything tastes better.”
“Er…fair. That’s a grilled cheese sandwich, by the way. With ham. It’s good! You’ll like it, go on.”
Erin watched as Rags dutifully took a bite and swallowed. Rags nodded.
“Good.”
“See? So…”
Erin trailed off. She looked at Rags. Marveling, studying her.
“You can speak now! And you just tipped Toren a gold coin.”
The skeleton walked past Rags, chattering his jaw at some unspoken grievance—perhaps the tip had been too small. Rags smiled.
“Do you?”
Erin spluttered. But eventually, she settled back down.
“I’m…you can speak. Fluently, I mean. When did you learn that?”
“A while ago. I’ve been practicing. To speak to you. How am I doing?”
“Good. I mean—amazing. Not that I didn’t know you were really smart. It’s just…you have a tribe now? You’re all grown up.”
