8.17 H
Page 22
“Revi. There you are. Have you seen any of the other teams? Also—is Todi here?”
“Todi? You think he’d risk his neck, even with this crowd?”
Revi snorted. After a second, she handed the smallest wood skewer to Yvlon, and the [Armsmistress] took it.
“No, Todi’s not here. However, I’m surprised at how many teams did show up. Did you see Arcsinger’s Bows and Eldertuin? I think we might have a shot!”
“He’s not going in as deep as everyone else. He said so straight out. It’s a—favor. Of sorts. Ryoka Griffin asked him to participate, so he’ll guard our flanks. He’s not charging with the treasure-grabbers, though.”
Revi wrinkled her face, but she was impressed.
“Ryoka got Eldertuin the Fortress to join a raid? She is so weird. How many connections does she have? That’s Runners for you.”
Yvlon nodded. It had surprised her too. Which reminded her—she dug in her bag of holding.
“Thanks for the food, Revi. If you see Griffon Hunt—pass these out.”
She counted about a dozen small objects into Revi’s hands. The Stitch Girl had to dump some of her food in her bag of holding.
“What’s this? What’s—is this baby corn? Why does it look weird? It’s red! Blue!”
“I have no clue. Eldertuin was passing it out. Apparently it’s baby corn from some [Corn Farmer]. Spicy, sweet—”
“Oh, yum! Thanks! Er—have another skewer.”
The two were chatting when Yvlon saw someone coming their way. She almost missed him because he wasn’t reclining on the golden palanquin, but Prince Zenol still looked eerily beautiful.
Not attractive to her necessarily, just beautiful. There was something too unnatural for Yvlon’s taste about his skin. To describe the effect silk had on Stitchfolk was to make comparisons with the adjectives, ‘supple’, ‘flawless’, ‘soft’, and other such descriptors.
In short, he had no pimples, pock marks, freckles, or other skin blemishes, and he moved with ease, his body being constructed out of one of the best materials for his people. He was rather like Ceria, in some ways, although the half-immortal effect of half-Elves was different than physical artifice taken to its limit.
Either way, he stood out, as did his natural superior attitude and expensive cloth-armor clothing. Yvlon recognized enchantments, but it was still arrogant to walk around as if he was dressed for a party, except for the single curved sword at his hip.
She was not about to bow to the foreign [Prince], but Zenol’s effect on Revi was dramatic. She instantly turned and bowed, deeply.
“Your Highness, Prince Zenol! We’re honored by your presence, sire.”
“Ah. You must be Revi Cotton of Griffon Hunt. Lady Byres. I had hoped to meet your Antinium comrade before battle began. I am curious about the Antinium.”
“Prince Zenol. I don’t know where Ksmvr is, but if you would like, we can find him together.”
Yvlon was a [Lady], but she refused to dance on his protocol. Nor did Zenol insist, but Revi clearly knew more from Chandrar than Yvlon.
“Let us find him, then. I understand your entire team is unusual. A half-Elf with a skeleton’s hand, a [Necromancer] worthy of a silver bell; he duels fairly well, even by Nerrhavia’s standards. An Antinium from the Hives, unique, and yourself. May I inquire as to your unique arms?”
“You may.”
Yvlon saw Revi tagging along behind them, and realized she had fallen behind. She turned to gesture, and Revi shook her head. She mouthed something.
“Ah. [Summoner] Revi, join us. We are in Izril, so such protocols from home do not apply.”
“Of course, Prince Zenol!”
Revi hurried forwards. Yvlon eyed Zenol. The Stitch-man shrugged in reply to the unsaid question.
