8.17 H
Page 10
Well, his plan was simple. No more games. Niers had elected for the fastest route to helping himself, Erin Solstice, and his company. He’d asked Mrsha to ferry him to Master Merxel’s. If the [Spymaster] hadn’t lost his step, he’d know where Niers’ gear was—or the Gold-rank team that stole it. At the very least, he could get Niers in touch with his company.
Alas, it was not to be. One look at Master Merxel’s house and Niers smelled trouble.
He couldn’t have said why it was. It was not some advanced [Dangersense], an intuiting of political trouble or betrayal—Niers had never wanted and thus never gotten such Skills, trusting to his instincts. He could have used one for Peclir Im, of course, but his intuition was still good.
It was something in how the bodyguards outside of Master Merxel’s house stood, perhaps. A bit too attentively compared to the last time Niers had been there. The sign saying ‘not accepting visitors’ on the door?
Let’s see. If I thought Merxel was on my side, I might be encouraged by this. Yet if he was, I’d expect him not to show a sign I was missing. This almost seems like he’s waiting for me to show up.
He could just be paranoid for his own safety, I suppose. Perorn must have raised hell.
Nevertheless, Niers’ paranoia did not get where it was by having him walk into possible traps. Bad for your health, that. So he leaned down and whispered into Mrsha’s ear, knowing how good her hearing was.
“Mrsha? Listen. It looks like Master Merxel might be…compromised. So I need you to help me.”
She nodded eagerly, and then caught herself. Niers sighed again, but he didn’t put her in trouble. Rather, he made use of her natural abilities.
“Walk past his house. Walk! Listen for anything inside…I’ll slip off and go through a window. You just have to wait—um, at that café down the street, okay? Do you have gold?”
Mrsha patted her money pouch, looking indignant. Did she have money? She was excited, but Niers knew it was safe.
She wasn’t going to hear a thing. No [Spymaster] wouldn’t ward their home. Niers would be the one crawling through the vents, no doubt having to fight the [Spymaster]’s wards. Damn, damn—well, he had some tools.
His enchanted sword, the lifeblood of his fighting capabilities right now, his torn armor—and a crossbow.
He’d made a miniature one out of scraps Mrsha had brought him. It had all the power of a Fraerling-sized crossbow, unfortunately, but it could launch a toothpick through your eye. Niers had met many creatures and people over his career, and a lot of them couldn’t deal with that easily.
Besides that, he had a climbing grapple, and about ten feet of very fine twine, all cumbersomely strapped to his back. His damned bag of holding was lost, and that was one of the things he needed. Plus his Signim. If he had both, he could stand in Invrisil and shout for Perorn to pick him up. Well…maybe not that, but if he had his gear, his chances of survival were ten times higher.
The plan was good. Mrsha was sauntering past the two bodyguards in front of Master Merxel’s house, casual as could be, and Niers had left her back and was creeping across the street by the gutters when the door opened and Master Merxel appeared.
“Ah—excuse me? You two—excuse me, little girl?”
Niers’ heart sank. Master Merxel smiled as Mrsha froze, every trace of guilt on her, and turned. His two bodyguards—and two more from within the house had already slid past her, though. The [Spymaster] adjusted his spectacles and frowned at her.
“Don’t be worried! Mrsha, is it? From—The Wandering Inn? Hello! I am Master Merxel. [Spymaster].”
