8.17 H
Page 26
“It’s not what I’d prefer, of course, Ceria. I know a Named Adventurer should be first into the charge, and I’ll be loosing every arrow I have to keep us alive. However…it’s my team. You know Arcsinger’s Bows aren’t Named-rank, despite having me in the team?”
“I—do.”
“It’s because our combat capacity is lacking. Slightly. We are good at fighting Goblins, as you might expect. However, I don’t often commit to high-level engagements…because of my daughter. You understand?”
Capoinelia? Ceria’s eyes widened as she understood. Elia nodded, glancing at the tent flaps, and lowering her voice, although Ceria was sure they were warded.
“She’s not even thirty. I imagine you found her…young. You grew up in the villages, didn’t you?”
“Yeah. She seemed—well, really young. But she grew up…”
“On the move. I was an adventurer, she was a baby when I slew the Goblin King. She grew up with me as the famed Named Adventurer. I’m afraid it’s warped her perceptions of this life.”
Elia shrugged regretfully. She gestured to the expensive tent.
“She’s never had to sleep in the mud, and her first bow was enchanted. She’s certainly Gold-rank—but I don’t want to put her into a situation where she might advance into trouble. You understand?”
Ceria did. Her heart fell as she realized Elia was asking her to…no, they’d still be loosing arrows. She smiled, keeping her sinking heart from showing on her face.
“I understand, of course, Elia. I’ll speak to Soew now.”
“Stay, please. I would like to chat of home. How long has it been since you left Terandria?”
Ceria wavered, and then sat. Elia was charming, and not at all haughty due to her fame. Aside from her request, Ceria would have loved this talk.
Aside from the request. She might have asked Elia about the famous shot, about her daughter and Goblins, but they never got to that point.
Capoinelia burst into the tent as the two were laughing over half-Elf villages.
“Mother! Mother, come quick—”
She saw Ceria and stopped. Elia rose, already going for her bow. Ceria had her wand out.
“What’s wrong?”
“It’s the camp! Just hurry!”
Ceria sprinted out of the tent with Capoinelia, Elia delayed by grabbing her bow. What Ceria saw was shouting, a commotion—everyone was clustered around something. She pushed through the crowd as adventurers saw her, or heard the other half-Elf.
“Move aside! Arcsinger’s Bows! Elia Arcsinger is—”
“Ceria, there you are!”
Someone found her. Jelaqua, towering above most in her Raskghar battle-body, grabbed Ceria. She was pulled into the center of the spectacle.
“It was a damned accident! It’s not—what does it mean?”
An Oldblood Drake, one of the Lifwail Blades, was standing with his team, arguing with team Captains. Eldertuin himself was kneeling, inspecting something. As Ceria appeared with the Horns, they spun.
Keldrass, whom Ceria had not seen yet, was blinking down. He looked at her.
“Ceria. What did you do? Is this why you were so confident?”
“It has to be. Hah! We have a chance!”
Prince Zenol’s eyes were wide and gleaming. He was inspecting the same thing; Ceria smelled something foul, and the acrid stench of burnt flesh. He glanced up at her.
“What did you do?”
Eldertuin was quieter. He looked just as incredulous as some of the other team captains. Ceria didn’t understand why, until she heard the Lifwail Blade’s member explaining.
“We were just trying to see if the legend was true and you couldn’t fly over the Village of Death. We were scouting—one of the bastards was there and I breathed fire on it, alright? I thought it wouldn’t matter…”
