8.17 H
Page 9
“Titles, Sir Relz. Age does not change the dignity of one’s station one whit. Only circumstance. The only other obituary sent in today—and we are encouraging all those individuals of a certain level or note to be reported, although we cannot report every passing, sadly—is a Master Merxel of Invrisil, a well-known [Spymaster], who was found dead in his home this morning. The Watch is investigating…”
Mrsha looked at Niers and the Titan’s smile never wavered. She padded back a few more steps.
 
—-
 
Then.
Mrsha trotted past Joseph into Invrisil. It was easy. Mrsha the Daring knew all the ways to get to Invrisil. She could use the door—but why bother when Liska was responsible for it?
She didn’t care if Mrsha went to visit the Wailant farm, or Celum, or…anywhere. She was cool like that. Ishkr, now, he was tricky. He kept tabs on Mrsha, but he had discovered that Mrsha could never be contained.
Not with the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Lock her in a room and she’d be out before you turned the key. In some ways, Erin’s great protection for Mrsha was also the biggest impediment to keeping her safe. Ishkr usually managed it with threats and promises of cutting Mrsha’s dessert privileges, which were already in arrears.
However, Mrsha risked his wrath this time because she had a higher calling! The Titan was riding on her head! He needed her help, and Mrsha the Mercenary was sure she’d be richly rewarded when he got to Baleros. Maybe…he’d even help with Erin?
He’d gone into Erin’s room and sat at the big, magical chess board this morning. Niers played blankly with the chess pieces, moving each around bodily, as they were nearly his size.
“I…sent it to her. If I can help, I will. I need your help, though. It might be dangerous, but I swear on my company, I will keep you out of trouble if I can. Would you help me?”
What was Mrsha the Brave to say to that but ‘yes’? Erin would have!
To her disappointment, though, all Niers wanted her to do was go to some stinky house and let him do some investigating. He even knew the address, which was no fun.
However, it was hilarious to walk around Invrisil and realize no one knew the Titan of Baleros was on her head! Mrsha swaggered about on two legs, making an effort to show off for Niers.
He was so small, and he was a [Strategist] so his stealth-Skills plus Mrsha made it so no one would see him.
“Not even a top-class [Rogue] can easily spot me—I’ve hidden on countless battlefields. I learned it from my [Rogue] friend, actually. Three-Color Stalker?”
Mrsha was agog, of course, and Niers had told her some stories last night. She proudly walked him to his destination, mind racing with what might happen. What adventure would Mrsha the Great and Terrible get into this time?
 
—-
 
Then.
Nothing, as far as Niers was concerned. He watched, clinging to the somewhat bumpy ride despite Mrsha’s best efforts, as she carried him through Invrisil. For dangers to her, from carts or pedestrians, to actual [Thugs], [Kidnappers], and all the unsavory things that might befall a child in a big city.
He had no intention of letting a child get hurt. Nor was he putting her in danger. Niers would easily cop to the fact that he’d gotten her on his side by telling her some glory-stories of him as an adventurer and Foliana, but that was necessary.
In truth, he’d have been happy to ride Apista around, but an Ashfire Bee was even more obvious than a white Gnoll. If she wasn’t killed by some [Bug Exterminator] in the first half-hour…
