8.17 H
Page 32
Somehow, Rags had found how to open the thing! She was inspecting the insides, muttering, eying the sloshing liquid within without upsetting it, looking at the crystals…she abruptly closed the orb up, rolled it back into the room, and strolled out. Mrsha had no idea what Rags had done, but the small Goblin looked exceedingly pleased with herself.
Then she looked around and found Kevin’s room. Rags pushed the door open—just in time for Mrsha to bar the way. Mrsha scrambled around for pieces of paper in her notecard collection and finally found a disused one.
“Thief!”
She held it up accusingly. Rags read it, eyed Mrsha.
“You can’t speak.”
Mrsha shook her head. Then she waved the card at Rags, realizing, belatedly perhaps, that Rags might not be able to read. Rags raised her brows, proving she could.
Mrsha realized what Rags had done! She was stealing the Shock Orb! Oh—not the thing itself. However, Mrsha was smart. She’d seen the evil Drakes and Gnolls that Erin had warred with whenever she made something and realized the Goblin was doing the same thing, only more ambitious.
Rags was stealing the idea of the Shock Orb! She’d memorized what was inside, to try and recreate later. It would be hard, but no one would know she had been here except Mrsha the Thiefcatcher. And here was a [Thief] of…a [Thought Thief]! An ideas-stealer, the worst kind of thief!
The [Great Chieftain] raised one eyebrow as Mrsha translated the angry diatribe to pain-staking scribbling. It was quite good handwriting, albeit in cursive.
“…therefore, I declare you a scurrilous thief of other people’s hard work and invention, a plagiarist and a rogue! I insist you stop at once!”
Rags eyed the writing, then regarded Mrsha’s furious little face. She thought for a moment, then replied.
“Badarrow told me you steal food. The word is…”
She stared up at the ceiling. Snapped her fingers twice.
“…hypocrite. Yes, that.”
So saying, the Goblin pushed past Mrsha, hopped up onto Kevin’s desk, and took one look at his blueprints before checking for the most up-to-date ones, and grabbed them and the gear samples on his desk.
“Interesting. Iron? Steel. But why…ah. It goes together like a puzzle. Clever. So clever!”
Rags sniffed the metal, found a piece of paper, and began making quick-copies of Kevin’s work, as well as a tracing of the gear and its teeth, then the other samples.
Mrsha howled in outrage. She watched as Rags neatly stole everything Kevin had worked so hard on. She grabbed at Rags’ arm once; the Goblin just tossed her off impatiently. Mrsha pounded the floor. This would not stand! This was worse than a food-thief! The ideas-thief had to be stopped. She ran to spread the alarm downstairs. Kevin, Montressa, come quick! Thief! Th—
She was going for the door to raise the alarm when Rags grabbed her tail. Mrsha yelped, and saw Rags’ other claw descend—
“There. Be quiet.”
Rags dumped eight fat, gold coins into Mrsha’s paws. The little Goblin straightened, and decided to raid Bezale’s room next. Did she feel bad about the thefts?
…Not really. She did obligingly dump a pile of gold on Kevin’s desk, like Montressa’s. She needed anything she could use, though, and those gears were fascinating, just like the bikes. She was walking past Mrsha when something pinged off the back of her head, hard.
Mrsha had thrown the gold coin at Rags’ head with all her might. Rags put a claw to the spot, as she slowly rotated. Her crimson eyes flashed and Mrsha backed up a step—then menacingly made two fists. She jabbed as she stood on two legs, like Ryoka had shown her.
