8.17 H
Page 25
The [Cryomancer] had taken it to be Elia being naturally aloof, as someone with her fame might be. Or—a kind of female Halrac, all focus, not deigning to speak unless she had to.
The truth was that Elia Arcsinger was actually rather retiring in person. She greeted Ceria with a light kiss on each cheek, exceptionally familiar, and smiled.
“Sister, come in. Thank you for meeting me in private.”
With that, she ushered Ceria into her private tent. Her team’s camp was spaced away from the others, as befitted a Named-rank team. They had everything one might expect of a team with a Named-rank adventurer. High-quality, spatially enchanted tents. Luxury wherever you went! Ceria saw a four-poster bed in one of the other tents.
“My daughter’s. We could skip inns and just live in them, but one grows accustomed to living in style.”
Elia explained. Her tent didn’t have the huge bed, but it did have a number of amenities, including a vanity. Ceria found herself sipping from some high-quality wine and staring.
“T-thank you for inviting me, Adventurer Arcsinger.”
“Elia will do. We are half-Elves far from home. I don’t know if I should call you ‘sister’, but I hope we can work together.”
The Named-adventurer smiled and Ceria nodded, already charmed. Elia’s golden bow was propped up next to her bed, and the adventurer still wore her enchanted leather armor.
“How can I—that is, my team—help you, Ad—Elia? Miss Arcsinger? Is something wrong with the battle? Do you have any insights?”
The Named Adventurer shook her head. She sat, sipping the wine, and made a face.
“I was going to talk about home first—oh well. I…er…wished to talk to you about our role in the battle before we began.”
Ceria nodded as Elia fiddled with her cup and a bowl of snacks from home; very subtle, delicate, edible…leaves. Elfleaf it was called, because half-Elves ate it. It was a connoisseur’s dish. Ceria hated it unless you dumped sugar or syrup on the stuff. Elia bit one delicately, chewed, and came out with it.
“…My team will be participating in a ranged capacity. Some of my warriors will be fighting on the flanks, of course, but I myself will not be joining the first wave.”
“Oh—I think Yvlon mentioned that. Of course not. You’re an [Archer] even if you’re…”
Elia held up a delicate hand. Ceria hesitated and then felt the oddity. Elia took another sip of wine.
“What I meant, Ceria, was that my team will not be advancing…quickly…at all. We will of course provide all the firepower we can, but we will not advance into potentially dangerous engagements. I hoped you could communicate this to Strategist Soew.”
For a while, the [Arctic Cryomancer] thought she was misinterpreting. After three minutes, she realized she was not.
Elia Arcsinger, unlike Eldertuin, who’d been open about his position and willingness to commit, was also not like Prince Zenol or the Minotaurs, who were both in the front waves. She danced around it as Ceria said she could place her elsewhere.
“We should be in the first wave. However…”
She wanted to be in the front, but not be in the front. Ceria heard a familiar voice in her head, making an offhand remark. When she had asked Grimalkin if he had Elia Arcsinger on a list of people who could best him in combat…
“I—I can tell Soew to work with your team’s placement, Elia. But can I ask why…?”
The older woman gave Ceria an embarrassed smile. A slight flush entered her pale cheeks and she shifted. She turned, glancing at her bow in her seat.
