8.17 H
Page 15
“It’s the plan we were going with. Big distraction, smash and grab. Classic adventurer style. We would have done it by ourselves, but then all you showed up. We didn’t expect so many.”
Ceria looked around, embarrassed, but determined to be truthful. Pretending to have some big plan was even more sure to backfire than this.
“You were going to go in, all four of you?”
Elia Arcsinger’s daughter was young. Like—super-young. As in, short of thirty years old, which meant she looked closer to sixteen, sure, but as half-Elves went, Ceria wanted to stick a practice wand in her hand and put her in school.
She acted like a Gold-rank, though, which is what she was. Her name was Capoinelia, and she was outspoken. Also, incredulous.
“Yes. We were.”
Yvlon spoke up. All four Horns were there, even Ksmvr. Most of the Izrilians regarded him with deep distrust or nervousness; Zenol looked fascinated, as did Soew and the non-Izrilians. Which fascinated Ceria; they knew the stories, but Antinium were still just a different species to them.
“Well, we need a strategy. We’ll just get in each other’s way otherwise. Also, we need to discuss treasure allotment, payment for wounded or the dead…injury and consumable compensation.”
A Gold-rank folded his scarred arms, looking around the table. There were lots of nods. Ceria’s heart sank.
She knew those terms. Treasure allotment was the classic fight after the dungeon crawl. Payment for the wounded or dead? Standard. Injury and consumable compensation, though—that wasn’t what the Horns did.
It was for teams who wanted repayment for every healing potion, magical arrow, and even wounds taken. She spoke, calmly.
“That’s easy, Captain…?”
“Mehoff.”
“Mehoff, thanks. Treasure allotment is equal split with all teams and individuals based on your total levels.”
“That’s—”
One of the team-captains trailed off. Halrac broke in, his voice gravelly, frowning.
“It’s fair. We’re not wasting time on this.”
His voice was the voice of one of the veterans, and a lot of the other captains backed him up. Some looked disconsolate, but it was standard.
Level-based treasure sharing was simple. Your total levels were added up—you just had to give the level under truth spell, no details—and that was your ‘share’ out of the total. It meant a high-level team benefited more than an individual adventurer of course, but on the other hand, you couldn’t get a numbers-advantage in claiming loot. It was not perfect, but it was roughly fair.
“Just so long as we get something. I knew one adventurer who had 20+ levels of [Cook]; every time he got a level-share deal, he always told us his cooking was an essential part of adventuring.”
One of the captains joked. Everyone laughed at that old joke. Ceria smiled.
“Only combat classes. As for payment for wounded or dead, we’ll take it out of the total. Fair’s fair. Injury and consumable compensation though…no. We’re not paying for it. The Horns can’t guarantee it. This is a raid on a death-zone. You know what that means.”
She looked around and some faces sobered. There was an oath from the side. One of the [Mercenaries] pushed herself up.
“Hold on. I came thinking this wasn’t another suicide mission. Rumor made it sound like this had a chance! You’re just going to charge in there? That’s it?”
Ceria met her eyes.
“That’s it. Sorry if you bought into the hype. The Horns are going in. Everyone else distracts; those who volunteer help us break into the center, or the treasury, grab what we can, and run.”
“Why would anyone buy into this plan? Aside from the fact that so many other teams are doing it?”
