8.17 H
Page 11
He beamed. Mrsha stared up at him, glancing at the huge, subtly armored men. Niers cursed as he crouched around the corner of Merxel’s house. What the hell was the [Spymaster] doing?
He was searching for Niers! The spectacles had to be vision-amplifying and he was squinting at Mrsha. She had an anti-appraisal ring, but Merxel had stopped her on…what, a hunch?
“I don’t suppose you’d like to come in? I have sweets! I’d just like to talk to you. I know this is very surprising, but have you met a…little man? Did someone ask you to come by this place, by any chance?”
Mrsha backed up, shaking her head instantly. Merxel was looking at her. Niers stared—then slapped his forehead.
You idiot, Niers Astoragon!
In that moment he realized two things. Merxel was not on his side, or if he was, he was hedging his bets. Second? He was under the assumption Niers was going to come calling and he’d been waiting.
Why had he singled Mrsha out? Firstly—Niers suspected anyone slowing in front of Merxel’s home or giving it more than two looks got this treatment. This though, was Niers’ fault.
Mrsha? A white Gnoll from The Wandering Inn, where Merxel knew Niers was bound? Idiot, idiot, idiot! The [Spymaster] wasn’t a fool!
Worse, he seemed to be sure Niers was here, so he turned to Mrsha.
“Come in, Miss. You are not going to be hurt. I just need to speak to Lord Astoragon. If you can hear me, sir? I’d just like to talk.”
I’ll feed you your eyeballs on toothpicks if you harm her, Merxel. Niers swore silently, but Merxel was gesturing and his bodyguards were going to grab Mrsha! Then, it was a hostage situation where—
Mrsha was looking around to run, but one of the [Bodyguards] was too fast. She was grabbing for a wand, baring her teeth to bite, when someone coughed.
“Pardon me, sir. But it seems to me that if the young miss doesn’t want to go with you, it would be ungentlemanly to insist. Insofar as my thinking goes, a fellow asking a child to go eat snacks in his home was already ungentlemanly, and the rest was ‘icing on the cake’, to use a new expression, as it were.”
Master Merxel and the four [Bodyguards] stopped. They turned, and Niers’ tense chest unconstricted as he saw a group of four men sauntering down the road. Looking as if they’d gone for a stroll.
A Brother on the stroll with his hat off was not a relaxing sight at all, though. Four of them, led by Crimshaw, were walking towards Master Merxel.
He uttered a curse under his breath, before swinging around.
“Master…Crimshaw, is it? Master Met. Master—”
“Master Merxel. Good evening to you. And you, Miss Mrsha. Although I suspect no dessert’s in order, as I don’t believe you told anyone where you was going.”
Crimshaw smiled brightly as he looked at Mrsha. She’d gone still at the sight of the Brothers. Crimshaw gestured.
“Might want to run back to the inn before you get in trouble now, wouldn’t that be wise?”
She hesitated, half-looking towards Niers, catching herself, and then nodded. She scampered forwards. One of the [Bodyguards] moved as if to grab her—
“Do not.”
Merxel breathed. The Brothers had…tensed…as the other man moved. They stood in the street.
“Gentlemen, I can assure you—”
“Not interested.”
Crimshaw broke in. He nodded to Mrsha, fleeing down the street at full gallop.
“The girl’s off limits. Now—I’m sure you had an excellent reason, Master Merxel. However, if it was diamonds for dust, it would not be a good enough one. She is off limits…and if we find a fellow asking after her, that fellow will vanish. Understand?”
“I understand, Master Crimshaw. But listen—this is about the T—”
