8.17 H
Page 21
She was looking for Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr, when she heard the clash of metal on metal, and shouting. Yvlon turned her head. She had an unpleasant feeling, which intensified when she saw the crowd and the flashing silhouettes of two adventurers.
“Oh no.”
The telltale, white robes made Yvlon break into a run. She pushed through the crowd, easily shoving adventurers aside to stop the duel as two Humans fought, swords in hand.
“Enough! This isn’t the time for fights! Leave him—”
Pisces put up his rapier at the same time as the other man lowered his weapon. He too carried a rapier, albeit slightly altered, with a loop hilt instead of Pisces’ swept hilt guard, and he had a little parrying dagger in the other hand. A silver bell rang as he put up his blades.
Yvlon halted. She had been ready to grab both blades to stop what she assumed to be a duel Pisces had landed in—by his tongue or his class. However, Pisces looked amused, and the other man did too.
“What’s going on?”
The [Necromancer] cleared his throat as adventurers chuckled.
“Merely an exhibition, a training match of skill, Yvlon. I appreciate you coming to my aid…but that was not required in this case. May I present [Fencing Instructor] Tomoor d’Silaw, Silver-rank adventurer, who has elected to participate in the raid?”
“Lady Byres.”
The man gave Yvlon a flashy bow as he stowed the parrying dagger. His rapier traced the ground in a fanciful pattern. As he rose, his free hand smoothed at his lips, touching an extremely small and well-maintained mustache.
Yvlon blinked.
“Oh. Not a duel?”
“A match between [Fencers] worthy of the silver bell, Miss Byres. Adventurer Pisces had mentioned he once carried one, and I had to see if it was true. Well, I think it is! I would award it myself if I faced him on the practice courts.”
Some of the other adventurers murmured. Pisces had been doing well until Yvlon barged in. Tomoor looked at the [Armsmistress], now embarrassed.
“Your teammate is quite skilled, Miss Byres. Practically an imitation of Perril Chandler—which of course, is why I’m here. That historical broadcast was inspiring. I decided to come out of retirement and show my students some true fencing.”
He struck the air with his rapier, smoothing his mustache again. Yvlon nodded, looking at Pisces. He smiled.
“Well then. Er—sorry to interrupt. Apologies. I thought—”
She backed up. Pisces smiled at Tomoor and flicked his rapier up.
“Do you know Chandler’s Rebuke, Instructor Tomoor? I’ve never actually learned it.”
“We could give it a shot. I’m no [Mage], but—shall we continue? My advantage, I think…”
The two began dueling again, in front of the interested crowd. Among the watchers, Yvlon noticed, were other melee-experts. Not Briganda, but the kind who liked the finesse and technique of weapons. Briganda was very good, Yvlon knew, but she wasn’t a…student like some were.
One of the watchers, for instance, was Pekona, the [Blade Dancer] of Vuliel Drae. She eyed Yvlon, and the [Armsmistress] nodded shortly; she still remembered Vuliel Drae’s mess up.
Not every adventurer you had to drink with and clap on the back. You just had to fight together. If Todi was here, Yvlon would have stayed across the camp from him.
Was he here? It might not surprise Yvlon at this point. Todi’s Elites weren’t risk-takers, but they might think this was a raid worthy of the risk.
She saw Revi, walking away from a fire with some roasted strips of meat on a stick. Adventurers were cooking, and the [Summoner] had just bartered for some food.
