8.17 H
Page 33
Niers watched Mrsha the Boxer shadow-punching the air, daring Rags; he’d already slipped away before she even grabbed Rags the first time. The Goblin couldn’t spot him, but she might be able to if he was too close. He saw Rags’ eyes narrow—then she snorted and turned away.
“Children.”
Mrsha’s jaw dropped as Rags walked out of the room, closing the door behind her. Technically, Rags was the child! Mrsha was several times her age—although Rags looked older, and she was a good bit taller. She grabbed the doorknob, twisted it furiously…
…And rattled the door. It was locked! Rags had somehow shut it from the outside. Mrsha exploded in fury.
The Horns of Hammerad appeared on screen below as Rags emerged from Bezale’s room, having given up trying to copy making scrolls. She had taken a good look at the [Spellscribe]’s supplies, though. Interesting. So that was how you wrote them.
On the scrying mirror, Yvlon raised a sword and pointed as viewers began tuning in. Rags looked down the hallway.
Let’s see. Joseph? Probably not useful. Maybe one of the soccer balls for little Goblins. Can probably figure out how to make them without copying, though. Still need acid jars too. Seed cores, maybe, for blue fruit in the High Passes. Who is ‘Hexel’? Wait—[Architect]. Blueprints! Good to copy.
She looked around for any better options; she knew she might be running out of time if that little Gnoll tattled. Her eyes travelled down the hallway. It stopped as she saw the first door on the left.
Erin.
The nameplate shone. The door was a bit ajar. Rags looked at the door. Her feet began to take her in that direction—then she backed away. Not yet. Not—she’d rather steal all of Bird’s feathers in front of him than—
Rags saw the flash of light and heard the scampering sound. She whirled—stared at the door open right in front of her in the middle of the hallway, where a wall had been—
Mrsha’s flying kick took her into Rags. The two tumbled across the hallway as the Gnoll exploded into a wild frenzy of punches and kicks.
Headbutt! Bite! Ryoka punch! Relc kick! At first, Rags was just stunned—then Mrsha’s teeth sank into her arm. She growled and punched back. Not hard enough to hurt the little girl, but—
Her fist sank into a wall of fur. Rags stared at the overgrown little Gnoll, who now looked like a sheep, she had so much fur on her.
[Fur of the Fortress]! Mrsha ignored the punches and kicks as she whaled on Rags. She punched the Goblin in the nose. Thief! Mrsha the Vigilante would not allow this! She would—
Rags lifted her up and threw her down the hallway. Mrsha’s eyes went round as she flew. Rags had [Lesser Strength], after all, and she was a warrior. She growled, feeling at the broken skin on her arm—
Mrsha never hit the wall. She flew through into the [Garden of Sanctuary], and rolled. Then she charged towards the door and head-butted Rags from the side.
“What is—”
Rags was stunned again from the teleportation ability of the Garden. This time she began punching Mrsha in earnest. The two rolled across the ground, throwing elbows, punching each other—Mrsha with her fur, Rags with her armor.
The little Gnoll was losing badly, and hadn’t ended up on the ground because Rags had not hit her as hard as she could. However, Mrsha was strong and her Skills meant it was…
Was…
…Like watching two kids fight. Niers Astoragon stared at the little fight between the two and walked downstairs to observe the raid on the Village of Death. He didn’t have time for this.
