8.17 H
Page 7
Joseph waved. He walked past her, glancing over his shoulder twice. Rags’ matter-of-fact greeting made it hard to cause a fuss, though.
Calescent was rubbing his hands together, sniffing the air, although it seemed like a half-Elf was doing it rather than the Goblin [Chef]. They were both somewhat portly, Calescent being of the opinion that a [Chef] got to eat the food they cooked before the people they served, but as bodyguards went, he barely lagged behind Redscar or Snapjaw.
Guests new and old. One of them peered down at the Goblin, blinking. There was no way. Yet he was certain it was the same one from the High Passes. The gifted amateur! A Goblin Chieftain, in the inn!
Niers Astoragon was fuming—or had been from yesterday’s events. It had seemed like a tricky day—and it looked more and more tricky, but interesting, rather than just difficult. He glanced around as a running pair of paws heralded two more arrivals via the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Rags whirled as bright sunlight spilled into the room. Calescent had the knife out again—no one else even noticed. Mrsha bounded out the door, spotted Rags, and slowed. She had heard Selys shouting about the Horns, but the appearance of—
Pebblesnatch?
Mrsha’s first reaction was to think it was the little Goblin [Cook]! However, this Goblin was noticeably taller, her skin was green, not grey, and she had armor and stuff! Mrsha froze.
Goblin in her inn? A new one? She had no idea what the half-Elf—waitasecond, he smelled like a Goblin too! And spices! She backed up as someone else ran after her.
“What Horns? Is it dessert? Village of the Dead? That is in the north. Stupid Mrsha-child, explain—”
Ulvama froze in the entrance of the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Rags’ brows rose higher. She glanced at the little Gnoll girl—yes, Badarrow had mentioned her. Then at Ulvama.
“Rags?”
The [Shaman] screeched in surprise. Rags nodded.
“Me. Hello, Ulvama. You—are Mrsha.”
She pointed and the little Gnoll recoiled. Selys was looking at Rags again.
“She’s here. She’s—Ishkr? Kevin? No—none of you know who she is, do you?”
Kevin, Ishkr, both of whom were moving the scrying mirror, realized Rags’ presence and hesitated, shaking their heads. Rags nodded to herself. She nudged Calescent.
“Take off your ring, Calescent.”
“Hm. Fine.”
He did. The Goblin [Chef] appeared and Mrsha recoiled, jaw open, with everyone else. Rags saw Ulvama’s jaw drop, although she had sensed the illusion. The [Chieftain] was starting to enjoy herself.
—Then she glanced sideways. Niers’ hair rose. He’d been waving at Mrsha of course, but she hadn’t looked up once. She was avoiding him, the dratted girl.
Rags spun, and the giant black crossbow rose in both hands, appearing from her bag of holding like a [Magician]’s trick. The tip of the bolt glowed, and her hands sparked with fire. Calescent had a kitchen knife with red dust in his other hand, held up to his lips to blow across the room. Both Goblins had turned to look sideways.
“’Scuse me, Miss Selys. We apologize for this, as it were, but we noticed one of the visitors had opened the side-door. Little scamps might have left it ajar; is she alright to come in?”
Crimshaw leaned on the door frame of one of the hallways adjoining the trapped entranceway. He didn’t quite touch the blackjack at his side. Nor was Rags aiming at him, but the tip of two smaller crossbows pointing at her from the second open door’s crack.
“It—she’s fine! She’s fine! No one shoot!”
