8.17 H
Page 6
As Soew worked, Ceria saw two thirds of those present scowling at Zenol—aside from two more Stitchfolk, who looked awed by his presence. He was not making a good first-impression.
Or rather, he was making a Pisces-type impression, which was probably why Ceria wasn’t actually taking as much offense as most of the others.
It could well be said that Yvlon was exactly the type of person Pisces-attitudes nettled most, so her scowl was just as pronounced as she opened her mouth. Ceria broke in, looking directly at the [Prince].
“Thank you, Captain Zenol. You’ve been most helpful in getting us organized. I can see there are a lot of teams here, and I thank you all for coming. However, we’ll have to get organized quick for the raid. Thus, I’ll ask Soew, Named Adventurers Eldertuin, Elia, and a few of the leaders I know to make initial plans, and then call a larger meeting to brief everyone. So—don’t clap your hands any more. My ears hurt.”
She pointed at Zenol, and the [Prince] raised his eyebrows. Several people laughed, but he nodded.
“As you wish. If you would care to avail yourself of my expertise?”
Ceria looked at him. That was another Pisces-type line. If she said yes, half the other team-captains would want to put forwards their experience. If she said no?
“We’ll reach out to all experts. After I consult with the others.”
He nodded slowly, not looking exactly pleased, but gestured and moved his palanquin back down the rise. Ceria was breathing hard, but to her surprise, Jelaqua clapped her on the shoulder as the other captains went to see where Soew wanted them and headed to shout at their teams.
“Nice job. No wonder you’re the Captain.”
Yvlon was nodding too, much calmer. Ceria smiled, pleased by the compliment. There now. That was something she could do better than Yvlon! After all, she’d known Pisces far longer.
The secret was to ignore the haughty sniffing and see if he was being actually helpful, or just in the mood to be a prat. If reasoned speech didn’t get [Prince] Zenol to be helpful, Ceria’s next instinct was to drop-kick him out of the palanquin. She turned to the few adventurers left. Friends and Named-rank adventurers—and the [Strategist]. Ceria smiled.
“Okay. Hi, I’m Ceria. Should we get started?”
 
—-
 
Now.
Rags sat in The Wandering Inn, inspecting it, seeing how it had changed.
…Well. It was nothing like the inn she remembered. She’d heard the other one had been exploded. The skeleton—Toren. That made sense to Rags. It had always been suspicious.
So much changed, from floorboards to the three floors, the tower, the magic door, the occupants, and the trapped hallway.
However, the uproar was familiar. Some things never changed, and that was reassuring.
Rags, who had no last name, and who had been given her name here, was just one extraordinary visitor that day. Those were just the visitors, too.
The inn had long had special guests.
The owner of the Heartflame Breastplate, for instance, who was dragging the scrying mirror to a better place to watch from, cursing.
“Is it not on the news? Someone has to—where’s Drassi? Is she on air? It has to be on the news!”
“What’s happening? Are the Horns going to get Erin’s cure?”
Joseph crashed down the stairs. The [World-Renowned Coach], arguably one of the most well-known faces in the world. He jogged past Rags, then jogged backwards.
“…Uh.”
The young man gazed at Rags, clearly certain that she wasn’t one of the two Goblins he was familiar with in the inn. She was still standing in the common room, taking it in. At last, she decided she had to say something.
“Hi.”
“…Hi.”
