8.17 H
Page 1
Ceria groaned, pulling at her hair as she saw the arrivals crowding up, looking for places to settle, some greeting each other by name or introducing themselves—in the way of the others, by the by. Shouts, jovial greetings, and the scream of someone getting their foot run over filled the air about three miles away from the Village of the Dead.
Pisces winced at the high-pitched scream, but kept honing the edge of his rapier with a whetstone. He blew, inspected the edge, and sighed.
“One supposes we might have organized this a bit better. However, the response is gratifying.”
And unexpected. Ceria bit her lip. She counted at least two hundred adventurers, and more were still coming in. She had—hoped—for fifty. That would have been monumental, for what might well be a suicide-attack.
This was a circus. It was getting worse by the moment. The two Horns watched from their elevated campsite—right until someone shouted their names.
“Ceria! Pisces! Get down here and help out!”
“Some days it occurs to me she’s the real leader, you know.”
Pisces rose with a sigh. Ceria nudged him with an elbow.
“What about me?”
“You would be the cover to the true leader. A masterful plan. Lure in the enemy or deceive hostile clients with your…nature. Masterfully conceived, although I admit this was an accident.”
Ceria raised her foot, and decided that they didn’t need two broken bones before the battle, so she did not kick Pisces down the hill. His chatter was just a sign of nerves, anyways. If he got sincere—then she knew they were in trouble.
“There you two are. Come help me sort this out. Did someone actually just shatter their foot?”
Yvlon was looking around, as agitated as Ceria. An Antinium waved three arms behind her.
“I will inquire, Yvlon!”
“No, wait, Ks—”
Too late, the [Skirmisher] leapt into the air, as light as a feather, impossibly high for someone without Skills, magic, or wings, heading towards the screamer. Heads turned and Ceria heard a chorus of oaths or gasps as people saw the only Antinium adventurer in existence.
“Damn it.”
The half-Elf swore mildly. It didn’t occur to Ksmvr that he might make the problem worse by offering a friendly hand.
“I’ll get—”
Yvlon checked Ceria with one hand. Since it was Yvlon, and her arms were the Silversteel metal, it was like being stopped by an iron railing. Ceria went oof.
“You find the other team leaders and organize this mess. I’ll get Ksmvr.”
Protective of her friend as ever, Yvlon jogged towards the now audibly louder shouting. Ceria looked after her.
“Wait, but you’re good at that! Wait—”
“The true team leader departs. Alas.”
Pisces looked at Ceria. She rounded with a glare on him and the temperature dropped several degrees. He shivered and she glowered.
“Gah! I can’t even control my aura! How am I supposed to herd adventurers? It’s worse than cats!”
Yvlon and Ceria both bore new effects of their class, and the inadvertent abilities and side-effects weren’t under control yet. Pisces, by contrast, had less noticeable changes, although he demonstrated one now, easily flicking two fingers and warming the air around him.
Stronger magical powers and a plethora of new spells. Ceria suspected he’d gained some kind of [Student]’s Skill or how else would he have practically doubled his library of spells? Even Ksmvr was more grasshopper than Antinium these days.
Her musing was interrupted by a familiar voice.
