8.17 H
Page 18
The Minotaurs exchanged glances. Pisces was off mending bones, Yvlon planning, and Ksmvr was ‘establishing dominance’ elsewhere. Besides, Ceria was the one they wanted to see.
“We had heard that a member of our people disgraced themselves at Liscor and was continuing to be held prisoner. We even received an appeal from him to…adjudicate. That is not our role, but we had considered making the request when he heard his old team was mounting a raid.”
Wered spoke, as this seemed to concern her as much as Dorgon—her being from Hammerad. Ceria’s blood chilled.
“Did you come to settle a score? Or…to find something?”
“We came to see what sort of legacy Calruz of Hammerad left. As for his fate—we hope it will be resolved here.”
“How so?”
Dorgon put down his cup, wiping the Nolemn from his mouth, whatever the drink was called. He looked at Ceria directly.
“You are aware that the House of Minos offers honorable deaths to those who disgrace themselves? Calruz of Hammerad’s crimes as reported would not merit even that. Treachery, betrayal, consort in murder and kidnapping…”
“That’s not the whole story.”
“We are aware.”
Dorgon shrugged. He looked at his companions. Wered took over.
“There is another adjudicator who is actually able to give rulings who may go to Liscor. If so, Calruz of Hammerad will have his fate. We would like to intervene, however. Your raid was as bold as we could have hoped. You truly intend to strike the heart of this death-zone, despite the peril?”
“Yes.”
Ceria’s heart began to beat faster now. The Minotaurs exchanged a glance.
“Then we shall participate. And if your team succeeds, or if you all fall—we shall bear witness. If you act as we think you will, we shall petition the adjudicator to remand Calruz of Hammerad to our care. He will find the honorable end he seeks with us.”
For a second, Ceria was just flabbergasted. It was what she wanted and exactly not at the same time. In the end, she looked at Dorgon.
“How would that even work?”
“Aside from the city’s laws—which we would have to appease—the conduct of Calruz’s companions would speak to itself. If they conduct themselves with honor and appeal for a chance for him to redeem himself, despite being, no, especially because their captain was wronged by him, that should influence the adjudicator’s decisions. We may even have a mandate to appeal for this ourselves. I believe you would do so.”
Ceria nodded slowly.
“That…I would. Not for Calruz to die fighting monsters, though.”
“We must all die some day.”
Thoven spoke, taciturn, adjusting his X-bow’s strings. Ceria saw the Minotaurs nod. Wered reached out, and Dorgon offered Ceria a toast.
“Death before dishonor.”
He held the dark ochre drink out to Ceria. The half-Elf looked at it, and then at them. She opened her mouth, then—smiled. She took the cup, lifted it, and spoke.
“Let’s not die and get lots of loot.”
She downed the cup. The Minotaurs blinked at her, astounded, angry—then they guffawed with laughter.
 
—-
 
Ksmvr was walking around the adventurer camp, aware of the socialization going on. Contrary to Ceria’s expectations, he was not ‘establishing dominance’.
Rather, he was watching other adventurers talk, greet each other, laugh, get drunk, argue over old grudges, all rituals in the prelude to battle.
He was alone, however. Many stared; few talked to the Antinium.
That was only what Ksmvr expected. He knew the reputation of Antinium. He was alone, Hiveless, but for his team. But for Erin Solstice and few others. Ksmvr was grateful for that. Better to have three people than zero. The math checked out.
