8.17 H
Page 30
“Yes. You are the small Goblin who killed Skinner.”
Kevin had returned, panting, having not found Drassi. He looked up as Rags nodded.
“The Antinium who died. How many survived? Anyone else?”
“Pawn, Garry, Belgrade, and Anand. But Anand has gone elsewhere, with Klbkch. So has Relc.”
“…Good.”
“Is it?”
Bird tilted his head back and forth again, and eventually shrugged. He looked at Rags as someone approached.
“Er—your order, Miss.”
A plate of spaghetti and blue fruit juice. Rags looked at Ishkr. She nodded, slowly, and fumbled something out. She put a gold coin down.
“Here. A tip.”
“Er—thank you.”
The Gnoll was taken aback, but he didn’t turn down free gold coins. Rags poked at the spaghetti, and instantly smelled a lot more effort and nuance than Erin’s boiled pasta in water. It even had meatballs and a sauce. Bird raised a hand.
“Ishkr. Ishkr. I will have two fried birds, and one boiled bird baby, please. Also, also I would like the oranged juice. I will not tip you in worms this time, I promise.”
Ishkr went to get two chicken wings and a boiled egg. He and Rags sat there for a moment, and eventually Rags looked up.
“Good to see you alive.”
“Yes, thank you. Have a nice day.”
They began eating amiably as Ulvama’s mouth opened and closed. Inside the kitchen, Calescent was watched warily by Palt, but all the Hobgoblin did was rub his hands and chortle as Imani presented him with a cookbook and some of her best creations.
Calescent obligingly handed over his personal spice blend in return. Palt made the mistake of sniffing it; he sneezed into the bag, sending a cloud of spice into his eyes and nose and went blind and deaf for the next ten minutes.
 
—-
 
When Drassi arrived, Selys shot to her feet.
“Drassi! The Horns are—”
“I heard. I’m on the job.”
The [Reporter] had been found by Joseph, and she whirled to go back to the door. Joseph went to sit down—she yanked him up.
“Oh no. You’re coming with me. I need reinforcements if we’re doing this.”
“Me? What am I supposed to do?”
“You’re the [Coach]. Kick a soccer ball into Sir Relz’s monocle or something. Just—”
They ran through the door. Rags sat back down, a touch disappointed. She wanted to know about these Humans. Of course, Badarrow had relayed some of the confusing tales about the Humans. Maybe now was the time to…
She found herself going into the basement, then upstairs, leaving her meal half-eaten. Ulvama stayed behind; Mrsha had appeared with a little book of questions for the [Shaman] to answer about Rags.
Rags toured The Wandering Inn, now from floor to floor. She walked up to Bird’s tower, nodding at the fortified sniping vantage. Badarrow had said it was good.
The trapped hallway spoke to her too, although she would have made a pit trap and rock-fall trap too at the very least. Rags even discovered one of the concealed crossbows as the Brothers glanced at her.
“Know a Whet? [Rogue]? Sells stuff?”
She looked at Crimshaw. The man’s eyes widened.
“…I might know the gang of which you’re referring, miss. Big market folks?”
Rags nodded. She showed him the ring, which had a cunning insignia carved into the jade piece. The Brothers looked at each other.
“That would be—the Wharf.”
“The what?”
Rags vaguely knew the word from her lessons, but it sounded different the way they said it. The Brother—Crimshaw—looked at Rags.
“The Wharf isn’t one place. It’s a gang. You want something nice? Odds are, you got it from the Wharf, Miss. If your gang—tribe—is dealing with them, you’re in other territory. Word to the wise? Watch where you step. They work in dark waters.”
