8.17 H
Page 12
Crimshaw was suddenly in Merxel’s face. He’d moved so fast the [Bodyguards] were still twisting, shock on their faces when the Brother hissed—and he was not the gentleman with the hat.
“Do you see a hat on my head, Merxel? We are done making mistakes. The first man who so much as sneezes at that girl ends up in pieces in the sewers—along with his entire crew. Understand?”
Merxel was smart enough to know when to nod and back up. Pale-faced, he and his [Bodyguards] stepped back. Niers himself exhaled slowly.
The odds were Merxel paid for top-quality [Bodyguards]. Even some of the best if he was worried about Niers, and there might have been more inside. None of that meant he wanted to deal with a Brother with their hat off. They were perfectly willing to fight to the death in the street, and having your teeth smashed into the curb by a boot was not a pretty way to die.
It was also astonishing to see them go to the Tier 9 option this fast. They must have taken Erin’s death as a true failing.
Could he trust them fully? Niers considered it, but then disregarded the notion. He was not someone for whom he could rely on their sense of honor with. People of his level were on the same level as a Face off the street for the Brothers, which meant their strict code of conduct was more negotiable.
Even so…when the Brothers went off to make sure Mrsha was fine, Niers slipped into Master Merxel’s home. The man had gotten unlucky with the Brothers. He’d had good fortune to get Mrsha while Niers wasn’t thinking straight. Sadly—that was all luck would have to say here.
 
—-
 
Master Merxel sat in his office, trying to fold his hands together. He was ready. He knew it—or suspected.
If he’d been giving odds in his actual job, it would have only been around 4/10, or 6/10 if the bet wouldn’t bounce back on him. He was relatively certain, though.
Nevertheless, he flinched like a pre-graduate in his [Spy] training school when the magic lantern by his desk went dead. So did half of his warding runes.
He wasn’t trying to hide—at least, his presence.
“Lord Astoragon?”
Master Merxel spoke, relieved to find his voice smooth. He spread his hands, looking around. His bodyguards knocked on the door; Merxel raised his voice.
“Leave me! Until I call—remain on alert.”
Then he waited. After a second, someone spoke.
“Not going to run or have them here?”
The [Spymaster] licked his lips.
“There are a number in my home. Professionals. They know you might be the principal threat. You have your enchanted sword, and your considerable Skills, Lord Astoragon. I would not put you as a man who bets, however.”
“No, I don’t. I didn’t think you were, either, Merxel. But here we are. Where is my bag of holding?”
Where was he? The [Spymaster]’s head searched the darkness. He had [Cat’s Eye Vision] of course, among others, but the Fraerling was too small. He was invisible and the effect of his voice bouncing was disconcerting.
“Lord Astoragon, I swear on a truth spell that I intended no harm to that girl. I just wanted to—talk to you. Reasonably. I am not your enemy! I have not sold information on you, nor was I intending to capture you! You know me—I do not like risks that involve your life.”
“No, I suppose you don’t. Why the guards?”
“Any number of reasons, sir. Which you can imagine. Every Great Company has a bounty on you, and countless individuals want you. Living, dead, torn to pieces, stuffed—”
