8.17 H
Page 19
So, as he walked, Ksmvr thought about this battle. Like the last one with the Adult Creler. Survival was not guaranteed. It was far from likely.
His goal for the battle was simple. The Horns should succeed. They would not relent until their objective had been achieved. It was an Antinium sentiment, which he understood.
Casualties were likely. Almost certain. Therefore, if a member of the Horns of Hammerad perishes, it should be because I am already deceased.
A simple goal. Ksmvr mused as he walked, until he was accosted by an unusual sound. An attack vector focused on him.
Casually, Ksmvr swung around, having anticipated adventurer hostility. Three of Crossbow Stan’s weapons aimed at the running shape of—
“Makki! Stop, stop! Don’t shoot!”
The giant wolfhound dog didn’t hit Ksmvr, but darted around him, sniffing. Ksmvr looked down at it. He lowered the three crossbows as the Silver-rank team stopped.
The Pithfire Hounds gave Ksmvr the same goggle-eyed look as most adventurers. However, one recovered enough to point; he wore red robes, embroidered with decorative flames.
“You must be Ksmvr, of the Horns of Hammerad! Sorry about our dog—she’s going crazy with so many things around. I’m Levil—uh—”
“Ah. You are the Pithfire Hounds, a Silver-rank team based in Reizmelt and affiliated with Ryoka Griffin. Known for your use of combat-dogs.”
The other five adventurers blinked as they skidded to a stop. A much larger dog than even this ‘Makki’ halted next to their side. The animal sniffed and regarded Ksmvr more warily, but it was clearly well-trained.
“Mousey, feteh.”
The Aldasian Warhound relaxed at once. Ksmvr was fascinated.
Obviously he knew this team. He had committed every team participating in the raid to memory; no doubt Ceria, Pisces, and Yvlon had done even more research.
“They’re friendly. Um—sorry about Makki. Makki, come here!”
The dog bounded over and Ksmvr nodded.
“I have taken no offense. However, I would encourage you to watch your dog near more volatile adventurers.”
Levil nodded. He stood there hesitating, in the way Ksmvr realized people did when they had no easy segue into conversation. So he provided one.
“I am indeed Ksmvr. Are you looking for my team captain on urgent business regarding the raid?”
“No—er—that is, we’re committed. We don’t have anything important; the [Strategist] already took our warhounds into account. We’ll be fighting on the flanks, except for Levil, who’ll be raining spells from afar. We just wanted to introduce ourselves because we heard the Horns knew Ryoka. That’s why we’re here.”
“Ah. I have met Ryoka Griffin.”
“Great! Well, she saved our hides and got us Mousey here, so we’re in her debt.”
“Indeed. This parallels our experience with Ryoka.”
Levil’s mouth worked. Ullica, the other [Mage], looked somewhat taken aback. Ksmvr gave them nothing to work with—until he looked down.
“Makki!”
Bram whispered, but the dog was sniffing at Ksmvr, unable to credit this Antinium even among the varied smells she was encountering. At least she wasn’t growling or seeing him as a threat.
The foreign Antinium adventurer looked down at the dog. After a second, he bent and the Pithfire Hounds tensed.
Ksmvr began petting Makki, hesitantly, then stroking her head. The dog leaned into it, and Ksmvr spoke as the adventurers watched, fascinated.
“Pet, pet. Good dog.”
Petting dogs was not like petting horses. Ksmvr was amazed by this novel experience. He only looked up when he heard a sound.
Levil was grinning.
“You like dogs, um, Adventurer Ksmvr?”
