8.17 H
Page 29
…Nope. She was fairly certain the last Minotaur had not been female. Memory played tricks on you, but she was sure she’d have remembered that.
Bezale propped Montressa into a chair, but the [Aegiscaster] was so sloshed she fell out of it. She had not taken being expelled from Wistram well. However, she sobered as she heard about the Horns.
More people were returning, some in a hurry. Palt and Imani trotted in, talking to each other.
“Just once, I’d like a peaceful day. I swear, it’s whenever we plan on something—it’s like the inn knows we’re trying to relax.”
“Stop complaining, Palt. We had a good…three hours. We’ll take off another day.”
They had flowers in their hair. Rags stared, and Selys broke off asking about Drassi long enough to look at them.
“Flower tour. Garland braiding. Where are the Horns? Why aren’t they on television?”
Imani brushed at a scented flower that Palt had put into her hair as he plucked at a long-stemmed flower behind his ear. They both stopped when they saw Rags. She blinked at them.
“Who is that? When did another Goblin arrive?”
Palt exclaimed. Rags snorted.
“I was here first. Who are you?”
“Imani? This is Palt. Er, hello.”
The [Chef] stuck out a hand. Rags inspected it, shook it gently. There went her first handshake with a Human. She raised her eyebrows at Palt. And here was her first Centaur.
“She’s a [Mage]. Why does every second Goblin I meet have magic in them? Flame magic. Uh—Palt. Hello?”
The Centaur trotted over and stuck out a hand. Rags shook it, sniffed. He had a distinct whiff about him that reminded her of a Goblin [Shaman].
Speaking of which…Ulvama was still staring at Rags. She poked Rags; the Goblin slapped her wrist.
“Stop that.”
“You are the Chieftain of the tribe Badarrow was in? And Snapjaw?”
“Yup.”
“Chieftain in the High Passes?”
Rags saw Palt look at her as Imani headed for the kitchen, unsure of what to do, but certain people would want food at some point.
“Somewhere like that.”
“Take me with you.”
Ulvama saw Rags glance around the inn, practically ignoring her. The [Great Chieftain] looked at Ulvama coolly.
“I’ll think about it. Want to give me a name?”
Having thus rendered the [Shaman] speechless for a moment, Rags was well-placed to hear a scream from the kitchen and see Palt gallop to Imani’s rescue.
He nearly ran her over. The [Chef] emerged, backing away from Calescent. Rags scowled at the Goblin [Chef], who was holding up his claws.
“Just looking! Very nice. Very good food. Not enough spices.”
Rags gestured warningly. If Calescent started a fight or got them kicked out…of course he couldn’t resist slipping into the kitchen. Imani leaned against Palt, as Calescent spoke quickly.
“Just want to see! Am [Chef].”
“You’re a [Chef]?”
Palt’s eyes widened. Calescent huffed at him.
“I am [Spice Chef]. Calescent. And you are [Chef] here? Very nice food. Have recipes? Hello.”
“Oh, hello.”
Imani blinked as Calescent beamed at her. The Goblin gestured to the kitchen…Rags missed the rest. Because, at last, she saw a familiar face coming down the stairs.
“Is that Rags?”
Bird peered at her as he walked downstairs, holding his bow. Rags vaguely remembered the Antinium. She nodded.
“Hi.”
“Hello. You have been gone a while.”
The Antinium sat across from her as Ulvama’s head went from Bird to Rags.
“Mm. I was busy. Where…where is Erin?”
Bird’s head tilted.
“In the [Garden of Sanctuary]. You have not seen her?”
“No. I heard she died.”
“She is not dead. Only frozen.”
“Mm. I heard that too. You…you’re from the chess club. The Antinium who makes birds on chess boards.”
