8.17 H
Page 38
The little Goblin walked down the hill, her back straight. She never looked back. The little frying pan slowly grew colder as it lay against the bier, covering itself with frost.
Rags went to watch the Horns of Hammerad. She hadn’t said nearly all of what she wanted.
Thank you. I’m sorry.
So much more. Nor would she, if she had a hundred years. She didn’t talk to ice.
When Erin Solstice woke up—she’d come back.
There.
It was a promise.
 
—-
 
Adventurers ran towards the distant, humble collection of wooden buildings, decayed by age. The first wave broke through and saw what lay beyond.
Undead came to meet them, dying, failing to rise. No one knew why, although some believed false truths, half-truths.
Pisces and Ceria stood together and watched Ksmvr join the second wave. The [Skirmisher] leapt over the roof of a building, drawing an arrow, loosing it, even as he vanished.
“Almost…”
The magic was building around them. The [Necromancer] and [Cryomancer] held hands. Ice and death flowed together.
Pisces was concentrating on the spell, breathing hard. Ceria’s breath was more shallow. She felt her muscles tensing. Almost time…
Something rose behind them, and adventurers cried out. A [Scrier] spun, gaping, yet neither half-Elf nor Human looked back. They only had eyes for their team, and the Village. Pisces turned to Ceria.
“Ready? Let’s get the loot, not die, and etcetera?”
He smiled, but his hand tightened on hers. Ceria waited a moment, then she grinned. She let go of Pisces’ hand.
Her wand rose, and she drew the dagger in her other hand. Pisces lifted his rapier.
“Nah. It sounds worse the more I hear it. How about…death before dishonor?”
She turned. The third wave of adventurers parted as the ground shook. The two Horns of Hammerad ran forwards, ahead of it. Ceria shouted—or was it Pisces?
Both.
“For the [Innkeeper] of Liscor. For The Wandering Inn!”
They ran into the Village of the Dead, laughing like silly fools.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I have pre-written this Author’s Note, because as I mentioned above, I will have (hopefully) gotten my scheduled vaccine shot for the horrible thing all around us.
However, I am told it might make me feel like death for 24 hours depending on how I react. I’m not even sure which one it is (I should probably ask), but regardless, I can’t exactly argue about the scheduling. I’ll be taking my break as well, so I can write the next chapter at full power.
That does mean though that I’ll have to cut this chapter short. I imagine this is a problem that…only…affects web serials. Books or other stories could easily work around a day or two of recovery. Well, whatever it is I wrote (I’m only 4k in right now), is what you get. Apologies, but that’s life for you.
…There is no metaphor I can figure out here. Thanks for reading and see you next chapter! Hopefully, with an energized, or at least, average author.
 
Horns of Hammerad Sprites by Zelanters!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Zelanters
Tumblr: https://zelanters.tumblr.com/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/zelanters/


ArtStation: https://www.artstation.com/zelanter







 
                                         
 





 
Sleepy Queen, Relc, and Peppermint Erin by ArtsyNada!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg
                                
 
Niers-Automata by QtheBird, commissioned by gunmandude2!

 

