8.17 H
Page 20
“I do not know. I have never met a dog before in this proximity. Am I petting it right?”
“You can scratch behind her ears or rub her belly.”
“Fascinating.”
It dawned on Pithfire Hounds that Ksmvr was not exaggerating. Apart from seeing them from afar, or perhaps eating one if the Antinium had ever included dog in their nutritional paste—unlikely, as Liscor didn’t sell much dog meat—Ksmvr had never met a pet before.
Then Mousey walked over at a whisper from Levil and Ksmvr pet two dogs. And scratched a belly.
As it turned out, not only was Ksmvr fond of patting animals on the head, he was in fact, a superior petter since he had three hands and could therefore provide a 50% increase in ear scratches compared to other species.
Ceria found Ksmvr sitting on the ground, surrounded by four dogs, a hunting hawk, and a magical cat familiar, having broken through the species barrier with the power of petting animals. He looked up as he scratched Makki behind the ears gently.
“Captain Ceria, I have discovered the therapeutic benefits of petting animals. I suggest we incorporate this into our team’s strategy.”
The half-Elf blinked at him. Was…that Ksmvr’s way of asking for a dog? Then she shook hands with Levil, who looked at his opposite, the half-Elf [Cryomancer] surrounded by her aura of cold, with some amazement.
 
—-
 
Yvlon Byres walked out of the short strategy meeting feeling confident…in that no huge mistakes had been made. Soew was a decent [Strategist] and hadn’t come up with some convoluted plan.
Fight the enemy in a multi-pronged attack, with a few signals for fall back, rallying, danger—but don’t complicate things. Let the teams do what they did best. Arranging it had still taken nearly three hours, but they were done.
Aside from getting to the Village of the Dead tomorrow and setting up, they could rest. Yvlon intended to find the other teams she knew and talk—before tomorrow.
What had surprised Yvlon was that she had been nominated to start the attack. Obviously Soew would help coordinate, but the raid needed a leader and since Ceria had left, they’d asked her to begin.
“No speeches are necessary. They often don’t have much of a morale effect unless you have a Skill. Just send us into battle, Adventurer Yvlon.”
She would do that. Yvlon felt her body tingling.
Even her arms. She looked at them. Silver and steel; metal flesh. Yet she could feel if she closed her hands. Pain was gone, but sensation remained, albeit a bit dulled. She had seen the other adventurers glancing at her arms during the planning session. Yvlon felt like she stood out compared to all but the most noticeable adventurers.
So much better than her numb, tingling arms, leaking blood and pus, ruined by the injury at Albez. So much better; she was so much stronger.
Yet if Yvlon could have traded these arms for her old ones…she tried to forget about them. She didn’t hate her arms. Not exactly. It was just that if she had confided in her team, which she should have done, but had been too busy, too ashamed to say out loud, she would have simply said that she no longer felt…entirely Human.
More like a half-Golem or something. Yvlon knew Ksmvr admired the ‘upgrade’, but she felt a terrible feeling of unease, of wrongness, that intensified the more people stared, or the longer she looked at herself in a mirror.
Ceria has a bone hand. Live with it. Focus on the battle. Yvlon shook her head. Silver and steel be her guide; she would need every edge in this coming fight.
