8.17 H
Page 13
“I imagine. One question, Master Merxel. If you’re my ally, where’s my bag of holding? Where’s my gear? Put it on the table, walk out of the room, and I’ll reward you with all my gratitude.”
Master Merxel closed his eyes.
“Lord Astoragon, I don’t have it. I entrusted it to the Merchant’s Guild for safekeeping.”
“Then you gave it to the bastards!”
The voice echoed, now. He was using some kind of trick. A way to throw his voice to make it—Merxel had had enough. He drew a dagger and wand.
“Lord Astoragon, I faced every remaining [Assassin], [Rogue], and [Mercenary] for hire in the entire region if I didn’t do something with it! That is not taking sides! We can make a deal. I have magical contracts—”
“You knew I’d want it back. All you had to do was hold your nerve, Merxel. Was that really so hard?”
A…note of emotion entered the voice. Merxel put his back to the wall, away from any vents or anything but solid stone.
“Lord Astoragon. Don’t do this. I might have retired, but I was still a good [Spy]. I have my bodyguards—I’ve prepared for this.”
“Merxel.”
And there he was. He stood on Merxel’s desk, his sword in hand, crossbow in the other. A toothpick. Merxel stared at him. Niers Astoragon looked at the [Spymaster] and shook his head.
“I’m well aware of how good you were to survive. I just wish you had kept your spine. Master Merxel…tell me something. Which do you think is more dangerous? A [Strategist] with no army? Or a [Spy] in the open?”
The [Spymaster]’s lips moved.
If only it was a prayer. He looked at Niers as his arm tensed.
“Which reason is it?”
The Titan looked at him.
“Does it matter? Pick one.”
 
—-
 
Mrsha the…Poor Infiltrator waited around a corner from Master Merxel’s home, and then, when the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings found her and ushered her back, in time-out in her room, and then, without dessert that night.
She was without an appetite, anyways. She was so worried about Niers, and kept getting Liska to open the door.
When he did return though, it was a shock. The Titan walked into Mrsha’s room and she…looked at him.
“Merxel was no good. I had a talk with him. He’s not willing to help. You did very well. I’m sorry he nearly grabbed you; he’s a smart man.”
The Titan smiled at her. Mrsha inspected him from head to toe, sniffing. He was exactly the same as last time. Exactly the same.
Except for the blood. Mrsha the…
Mrsha the…
It was supposed to be a grand adventure. A game. Only—the little Fraerling wasn’t funny anymore. Mrsha smelled him and he realized she was doing that.
“Ah—well—”
He didn’t come up with an excuse she would have believed. Niers cursed as Mrsha backed up, smiling uneasily. He thought soap would have worked. Even with Merxel’s cologne…
 
—-
 
Now. 
Mrsha saw the Titan tilt his head back and think. Niers Astoragon wasn’t sure how to proceed. She was just a kid. He did not actually interact much with children.
Oh, young students of course, but they came to him as geniuses. Perhaps—that was the way to go.
“Very well. I did kill him.”
He spoke, and saw her hair actually rising. Apista buzzed down and perched on Mrsha’s head, now regarding him dangerously. Niers spoke, quickly, urgently, but as if he was lecturing her.
“I had to. Merxel knew you were working for me, and he was willing to give my bag of holding away. If there was a chance—they know I’m in Invrisil, but they would have known from Merxel anyways, I’m afraid. I killed him. I kill people, Mrsha. I am not a nice man. I am…the Titan of Baleros. With all that means. Do you understand that?”
