8.17 H
Page 5
Yet another Captain raised a hand and spoke, shamefaced. Ceria was raising her hands helplessly when she spoke.
“Look—two of my people are sick. It…might be just an infection, but it could be uh, Yellow Rivers. We didn’t see it coming in—”
Yvlon’s head swung around. Every other adventurer recoiled instantly.
“Are you insane? You ‘think’ it’s Yellow Rivers? What possessed you to come here?”
“We’re not sure! But if there’s a [Healer]—”
“Excuse me, I snore loudly. So maybe I should camp away from everyone else? I know what you’re thinking already, but trust me, it’s loud—”
The mere act of getting teams to settle down and unpack was already beyond Ceria’s expertise. Even Yvlon looked harassed.
“Which team is sick? Okay—get yours out of the way, now. As for anyone with allergies or complaints, line up and we’ll deal with you after—”
Again, Ceria heard the clap of Prince Zenol’s hands. All the adventurers winced and some swore at him. However, the haughty man—no, Ceria realized with a start, Stitch-man—just pointed one elegant, supple hand of skin made from silk.
“I believe that adventurer is the one we need, Captain Springwalker?”
He looked at her. Ceria blinked at him, and then turned. She spotted the person he was looking at. She was…a Garuda?
Yes! No. Ceria was instantly confused because the description was right, a feathered, avian, female adventurer—but the details were wrong.
Head shape, the length of her talon-claws, even her plumage! She wasn’t a Garuda at all. The Bird Beastkin bowed, extending a wing-arm with the feathers pointed downwards, executing the bow like a bird pecking seed.
“Excuse me. If there’s no [Strategist] leading this raid, I volunteer my abilities. Strategist Soew, at your service.”
She tilted her head. Unnaturally far right. Everyone shuddered and Ceria saw the beady eyes, so unlike a Garuda’s more Human-like ones, regard her. A curved, smaller beak, pale feathers…oh yes.
The Owl Beastkin adventurer looked at Ceria for a nod, and then lifted a wing.
“Every adventurer team or individual with complications, please raise your hand. Good. You may lower them. Gold-rank team Captains, please raise your hand, yourselves included, please, Captain Ceria. Good. Teams with experience in repelling ambushes, fast-mobilization capabilities, or trap-specialties, raise your hands. Good…[Mages], or those with them in your team, raise your hands. Good.”
She made them lower their hands each time, but it was done in seconds. Ceria didn’t see the point, but she started as Soew’s head turned all the way around like she was a Selphid or Dullahan. The Owl just blinked, counting hands, and then asked the next question.
She began writing on the clipboard she carried.
“Good. I believe I know the organization of teams. I will have a layout in five minutes.”
Her claw-hand darted across the clipboard with amazing speed, holding a quill delicately. Ceria stared. Someone else murmured incredulously.
“That fast? Why the hell do we need to lay out the camp?”
“Have my Izrilian counterparts never partied with a [Strategist], before? They are quite common on Baleros, and Chandrar of course learns effective strategies.”
Zenol spoke from his elevated position at the questioner. His tone managed to be sneering and lecturing at the same time.
“Strategist Soew remembers the data she collected in an instant if she is a half-decent [Strategist]. She will space the camp out to take care of individual issues—and keep the most battle-ready teams to the edges, as well as [Mages] far enough away that their magic-casting does not interfere with each other.”
