8.17 H
Page 14
She nodded, slowly, crouched. If she ran, it was over. Niers pointed towards the door.
“I want to help Erin Solstice. I want to help you. You have seen monsters and bad people, I know. You told me about Hectval, about the dungeon. I can help. I am the highest-leveled person you have ever met. Now, I made a mistake with Merxel. I won’t do it again. Nor will I put you in danger if I can help it. If your friends are raiding the Village of Death—they are in trouble. I know that spot. I’ve been there. They are going to die unless they fall back. Understand?”
Mrsha looked at him, eyes wide. Niers spoke, very carefully. He had toured the world in fame after becoming one of the Four Great Companies’ heads. He had met the King of Destruction, albeit in his slumber. That had been one of the most dangerous moments in his life, wondering if the [King] would order Orthenon to murder him.
Visiting the great mysteries and dungeons of the world had been another. Niers remembered when he felt the prescience of death hanging over his head, even with Foliana or his best [Soldiers] or escorts.
When he was about to descend into A’ctelios Salash’s guts. 
Viewing the Last Tide from countless miles away.
Observing what came beyond the edge of the world.
Standing in Nerrhavia’s Tomb.
Meeting the Minds of the Selphids unannounced.
Entering the Village of Death…
Actually, there were a number of incidents. The Village of Death hadn’t been as certain as other places—because he’d pulled back. He’d wished he had a navy and the ability to pull together an army from the Forgotten Wing company with all the preparation he could muster, even grab Tulm for the promise of glory and Named Adventurers.
Nothing short of that would have tempted Niers to go in there. He looked at Mrsha, made his voice as reassuring, commanding, as possible.
“I can help them. You need to help me. Agreed?”
He stuck out a hand. Mrsha wavered—then slowly took it. Niers exhaled in relief as she took him back to the inn.
One down. Now, if I can just shake this feeling of dread—
Something’s coming. What the hell is making me so nervous around here?
A [Strategist] feared the uncertain far more than the certain. Niers’ skin was itching. His left earlobe tingled, as it sometimes did.
Skill tells me there are two damn attacks incoming on this rough position. I don’t give a single one of Foliana’s nuts for that. What the hell is making me nervous?
 
—-
 
Then.
“So, what’s the plan?”
“Run screaming into the Village of Death, hit everything you see with [Fireball], freeze what tries to get up, snatch the loot, and run out?”
Soew laughed politely, and one of the three members of Elia Arcsinger’s team, the younger half-Elf, her daughter, laughed too.
The laughter faded when they realized Ceria was serious. Some of the other thirty-some adventurers and captains in the tent looked unsettled, but Jelaqua grinned.
So did Eldertuin. Well, it was a smile.
“You must not be serious. Is this what we’ve come here to do? I thought you had a plan. I might have organized a better strategy myself!”
[Prince] Zenol was more forthcoming about his objections. He was one of the thirty who’d been selected for a second, more official war-council. Those present were all able to contribute something, whether by friendship like Halrac or Jelaqua, magical knowledge like the [Mages], Zenol’s combined rank or status…
Elia Arcsinger had brought three teammates and no one had objected since it was…her. Besides that, however, no one else but individuals or Gold-rank captains were present.
