8.17 H
Page 4
She grabbed Ceria and Halrac and began towing them into the chaos. However, as they were about to start pushing in, someone stood up and…clapped their hands.
Ceria heard the sound over the arguing, the shouting, the broken-foot screamer, and the braying of animals. Also, to call it ‘clapping’ was also a disservice to the sound. It rang, it echoed. It was loud and had a sound beyond mere auditory power.
Clap. Clap.
That was what it sounded like. The adventurers turned, half with hands to their ears. What they saw was a haughty expression. The young man lounging on the palanquin borne by six men or women looked around.
“I am [Prince] Zenol of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, by my royal name and accomplishments, Gold-rank Captain of Nerrhavia’s Champions Abroad. I demand order! Who is in charge here?”
He looked around and his gaze found Ceria’s almost at once. She blinked up at him. The [Prince] inclined his head, which surprised her and Pisces, who was already scowling. He snapped his fingers.
“If we are going to raid this dungeon, let it be done properly! Team captains, and the leader of the Horns of Hammerad, shall we convene? There, I believe.”
He gestured at an open spot higher up, and the palanquin spun, neatly moving past the adventurers. Ceria glanced at Pisces.
“Looks like we’ve got some characters already. Let’s go?”
The [Necromancer] nodded as individuals or teams began sending their leaders forwards. Ceria looked around, breathing faster, now. All of them and she was in charge. She felt the pressure rising.
Then—she saw the pair of Named-rank adventurers walking out of the crowd. That was when Ceria knew they had a chance.
 
—-
 
Named-rank Teams were not Named-rank adventurers. However, both had to be exceptional, beyond exceptional to acquire either title.
Ceria knew both, of course. One in particular. Who had not heard of Elia Arcsinger? It was interesting, then, that Arcsinger’s Bows was not a Named-rank team. However, she had never lost her designation since she had slain the Goblin King.
The second adventurer she had never met, but heard of. Eldertuin the Fortress, whose old team had contained two adventurers who later became Named-rank. The very same man who’d taken on six Trolls during a bloody battle at the same time and survived!
Even [Prince] Zenol bowed to them, although he did not leave the palanquin. The other team-captains looked just as impressed. Then they turned to Ceria and her mouth went dry.
As Pisces had said though, that was why Yvlon was there.
“Captains, adventurers—Adventurer Arcsinger and Terland, welcome. We apologize for the disorganization. Most of you came in at the same time. Let’s get everyone settled, then we can discuss the plan of attack.”
Everyone nodded. Ceria saw that Elia was accompanied by three of her team; most had only come representing their entire team or themselves. Even so, it was a huge group on the hilltop.
“Where are we camping?”
“Just line up your camps. It’s not hard. Individuals take that section…we’ll space ‘em out and break the gridlock. I’ll grab the teams nearest the front.”
Jelaqua pointed impatiently, gesturing around the already-established encampment. However, half a dozen adventurers protested instantly.
“Hold up, I have alchemical supplies I need to keep away from fire at all costs.”
“So? Keep away from fire. I’m allergic to dogs. At least three teams have ‘em, so I need to get upwind of wherever they’re going.”
“Hah! Have you seen adventurers when they drink? A stray [Spark] spell some idiot casts gets near me and there won’t be a raid!”
