8.17 H
Page 24
“That is not my decision to make, Prince Zenol. However, I will happily talk about my Hive in some respects if you will inform me about Nerrhavia’s Fallen’s inner functionality in great detail. Otherwise, it would appear you are asking for information with no compensation, a very unfair stance.”
“By the sands—”
One of the servants took offense to Ksmvr’s familiar tone. Zenol just lifted a hand.
“Well said.”
Revi nodded emphatically behind Prince Zenol, and Yvlon saw that three more Stitchfolk adventurers from abroad were also watching him, trailing about, offering sycophantic comments.
It was so unlike Revi she had to pull the [Summoner] aside as Ceria walked over.
“Is that Prince Zenol? Oh no. Someone stop Ksmvr from establishing dominance.”
Yvlon ignored the joke—which was growing tired after a thousand times, like the ‘is it war?’ joke that Pisces and Ceria loved bantering about. She turned to Revi.
“Revi, why are you bowing and scraping to him?”
“Because he’s a [Prince], Yvlon! You’re telling me—oh, right. Izrilians and their thing about monarchy.”
“You’re not even from Nerrhavia’s Fallen, though! I remember you telling me you were from the western coast!”
The [Silversteel Armsmistress] pointed out. Octavia was from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Revi gave Yvlon a roll of her eyes.
“So? Nerrhavia’s Fallen is a superpower! It’s one of the String People nations. Besides which, it doesn’t matter. If Prince Zenol really, really were to like me—he could elevate me to Silk! Or beyond!”
Ceria made an ‘oh’ expression. The cloth-caste system of the String Folk. Yvlon nodded slowly.
“Well—he’s not going to notice you if you just smile like that and echo his every word. Be more…Revi. That’ll get his attention.”
“And get her kicked all the way down to Hemp.”
Ceria joked. Revi gave the half-Elf a look.
“Don’t joke. It could happen.”
“Tree rot, really? I had no idea…”
Explanations about String Folk society were cut off as someone materialized and grabbed Ceria’s arm.
“Excuse me, Captain Ceria? Adventurer Arcsinger would like a word.”
A Human man, one of Arcsinger’s Bows, made all the adventurers turn. Yvlon raised her brows. Ceria turned at once.
“Of course. Does she need anything?”
“She’d like a word. Privately?”
Yvlon and Ceria nodded. The man glanced at Yvlon. He hesitated.
“Privately, Captain Ceria? Between half-Elves?”
The [Armsmistress] frowned, but she nodded and stepped back. She waved at Ceria, who looked at her.
“Go on. We’ll talk to Prince Zenol. Find out what she wants.”
 
—-
 
Elia Arcsinger was more mysterious than Eldertuin to Ceria. For one thing, the half-Elf [Archer] had a longer career than even the older-looking Eldertuin.
Well, she was a half-Elf, and ten years ago she had rocketed to her world-famous status. Before that she had been an adventurer…actually, Ceria didn’t know more than that.
She knew what every half-Elf knew about one of their people’s Named Adventurers. Elia Arcsinger, Kingslayer. Known for her [Line-Ender Shot], which had been granted to her when she slew the Goblin King in the final battle.
Goblinbane! Her team crushed Goblins wherever they went, rooting them out and preventing the threat of a Goblin King from ever resurfacing while Elia lived.
That was…less reassuring than it used to be, now Ceria had met Goblins. However, she still felt the awe of Elia’s fame hanging over her. She had said very little during the strategy meeting, only giving assent a few times. Her daughter and the other two teammates she’d brought had made more comments.
