8.17 H
Page 31
The Goblin considered this gravely, and nodded.
“Thanks. Who are you?”
The Brothers looked at each other, then grinned and tipped their hats. Rags walked away, shaking her head. Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings? She would have to ask someone what ‘Serendipitous’ meant. Hatted?
At this point, Rags listened to Montressa talking drunkenly to Bezale.
“I should’ve given them the Shock Orb! They’re mad! Mad! [High Mages] have died trying the Village of Death!”
“If they had a cannon or something—would they make it? Not that I know how, but—how bad is it?”
Kevin had no idea, but he was talking to Montressa and Bezale. Now Rags had a lay of the inn and the people, she was recalling some details.
She didn’t see the Players of Celum, who were famous and had ‘plays’, which Badarrow had recalled to her, but she did know Kevin.
Bicycles. Snapjaw had been agog over them. Rags narrowed her eyes. She looked for Calescent, but he and Imani were tending to the Centaur writhing on the floor. Well, that and Selys watching the news were good cover.
“—a real [Comedian] in our next segment. I understand he’ll be telling jokes about—excuse me?”
Drassi charged into the room. Rags blinked; it had been less than ten minutes since she’d left!
“[Reporter] Drassi, with breaking news! Noass, shove off! You too, Sir Relz! We have an emergency broadcast! Someone get me the Village of the Dead, Horns of Hammerad—[Scrying] spells on Ceria Springwalker! That’s C-E-R-I-A—”
The two Drakes rose to their feet as a Human skidded into the room. Sir Relz objected.
“Drassi, you cannot just interrupt—what news is this?”
“It’s a raid on the Village of the Dead! Dozens of teams, two Named-adventurers! Out!”
It looked like a fight on the scrying orb, as Sir Relz and Noass began to argue and staff behind the scenes rushed forwards. The two [Commentators]—well, Sir Relz was still a [Commentator], Noass had morphed into a [News Anchor]—weren’t objecting to the breaking news story, especially since both knew about the famous location.
They just wanted to be the ones to cover it. The breaking news alert sounded as Selys clasped her claws together, tail swishing across the floor. Noass and Sir Relz wanted to be the two speaking and thus leveling and attracting attention, though. They were forcing Drassi out of the studio—right until Joseph kicked a soccer ball and it bounced across half the staff trying to push Drassi out.
Chaos. Entertainment! The inn was in uproar. Mrsha stared at Drassi, cheering as she took over the desk with Joseph as a surprise co-anchor. Only when someone pulled at one ear did she look around.
“She’s gone. After that Goblin, Rags! Hurry!”
Niers whispered in her ear. He held on as Mrsha sniffed and went up the stairs, after Rags. The Titan was fairly impressed. The little Goblin knew the first rule of taking advantage of distractions: don’t get distracted yourself.
They caught up to Rags in time for Mrsha to realize that Rags was more than a visitor. She was also a pragmatist.
As in, she was going into each room and walking out with objects. She had found Montressa’s room, and had the Shock Orb in her claws and was doing something to it when she saw Mrsha.
“…Mrsha. Right?”
The little Gnoll stared at her. Rags waved.
“Hi.”
Unconcerned, she went back to…breaking the mage’s artifact? Mrsha craned her neck, outrage warring with curiosity.
