8.17 H
Page 34
Rags was getting angrier by the second. She couldn’t toss Mrsha off her; the Gnoll kept leaping back on and grappling. And she didn’t want to hurt this brat, but she was going to!
Dead gods, is this what Erin replaced Goblins with? Annoying Gnolls and stupid Centaurs?
Mrsha had Rags in a choke-hold. Rags actually felt her trying to cut off her wind-pipe. Enough was enough. Rags got up, and ran them both into a wall. Mrsha oofed, but she refused to let go, mad with fury. Rags repeated it, smashing both into another wall. She charged a third time, so hard something would break if that stupid little—
They ran into the [Garden of Sanctuary].
Rags and Mrsha fell apart, tumbling to the ground. Rags looked about. What—what—
The garden lay around her. She was in a stone garden section, the stones piled up in cairns, next to a mushroom biome. A pond in the distance; arid ground to her left. And there, on the grass hilltop, bloomed yellow flowers and Sage’s Grass.
High above, on a hill shrouded in mist…Rags’ eyes travelled upwards. She saw a figure raise his head. Numbtongue opened his eyes and looked down at—
Mrsha snarled. The guttural sound made Rags whirl. She saw Mrsha crouching, ready for round two. This time though, she had reinforcements.
Beaver gang. Beaver gang! Four huge Fortress Beavers, heavier than adults, imposing, advanced on Rags. So did an angry bee, who’d dropped the Fraerling off and then came to join the fight. Mrsha punched one paw into the other. They were gonna—
“Enough.”
Rags pulled out her crossbow and aimed it at the first Fortress Beaver. With her other hand, she conjured a [Fireball].
The Beavers halted. Mrsha threw her paws up. Rags growled. She aimed over Mrsha’s head to fire—
And her finger failed to pull the trigger. Something—Rags blinked.
The [Fireball] winked out in her claw. The same force that had separated her and Mrsha made her lower the crossbow. Rags stared as the Beavers uncertainly backed up too, unable to charge. She looked at her crossbow. She had the distinct impression that even if she managed to lift it and pull the trigger, the crossbow would explode before it fired.
Mrsha and Rags reconsidered as the presence of this place weighed down on both of them. Mrsha snuffled as she felt at some bruises, despite her thick fur coat. Rags stowed the crossbow, eyed Mrsha, then tossed something on the ground.
“Stop bothering me.”
The healing potion rolled onto the grass. Mrsha eyed it, turned her head up, and glowered at Rags. She padded off to get one of Erin’s potions from the emergency boxes. Rags glowered at the bee buzzing in her face.
You want to fight? Just try it! She waved at Apista, trying to get the Ashfire Bee out of her face. Everything here had Erin’s attitude. Which was to say, zero sense, a hundred percent willingness to scrap.
She was about to follow Mrsha—or figure out how to get back to looting the inn—when she heard a voice. It croaked from disuse, and the figure had stayed here, for all he ate and slept elsewhere. Disbelieving, the voice of a dead Goblin.
“Chieftain?”
Rags turned. Pyrite stood there. P—
No. Who was this Goblin? She recoiled from the far slimmer Goblin, far younger, holding a strange sword made of glass, a guitar strapped to his back. Yet—the Goblin looked at her, and his lips curved upwards, and how he stood, even his voice echoed—
“Pyrite?”
She whispered, Mrsha, the beavers, everything forgotten. The Goldstone Chieftain looked down at her as Mrsha turned. He walked down the hill as Rags ascended. They met among the dead Faerie Flowers, the red, growing Sage’s Grass.
