8.17 H
Page 0

(Podium Publishing is offering a TWI-embossed frying pan giveaway for people pre-ordering Book 3 on Audible! Sign up for the competition here!)
(Also, I am taking my break early due to getting the vaccine shot and not wanting to be under-the-weather while writing. I will be back on April 24th!)
 
A little girl lifted a stick in the grassy playing area outside of an old, weathered keep and shouted at the group of children armed with buckets, sticks, and other toys, some even carved to look like the real thing.
The woman stared as a silvery arm lifted an actual sword, the edge gleaming with magic and enchantments. Below the hill, the first wave of close-combat adventurers tensed. She looked around, at friends and people she had met today, armed with weapons and armor, each piece of which had seen battle, drawn blood and blocked killing strikes.
It was a strange thing to realize a dream. Even a child’s dream. Both child and woman inhaled. Gold-blonde hair shone in the sunlight. The setting sun had just passed midday. Her heart was beating too fast.
A [Marksman] grimly set an arrow to a bow behind her. A half-Giant waited, leaning on his staff, armor gleaming on his shoulders.
In her memory, Yvlon Byres waved her stick and shouted.
“Charge! For the glory of House Byres!”
The adult looked ahead and wondered if she would die. How high would the toll be? Nevertheless, she looked at her companions. The half-Elf and young man standing together, faces shining in the light of the magical circle one had drawn.
The Antinium looking up at her, waiting. Calm. Trusting.
“Forwards.”
The first wave of adventurers began to march forwards. A few began to run, but the rest advanced at a trot. Faster. Towards the village in the distance.
At first, nothing lurked in the empty streets. The windows were shuttered; closed where they were not broken. Then, the first silhouette appeared.
Glowing eyes. The putrid smell of rotten flesh. A Zombie lurched forwards. One, then a dozen.
Then a hundred. Then they filled the streets.
Yvlon Byres was striding down the small incline. She began to run, to join the front. Adventurers passed next to her. A Selphid grinned as she hefted the flail, wearing a Raskghar’s body. A Minotaur nodded at her and she saw a younger woman, saluting him with her sword—
The adventurers closed as the first volley of arrows and spells hit the undead. Then, they shouted, they screamed and howled challenges, oaths to defy death. Louder than the girl could have ever imagined, with a sincerity that made Yvlon’s skin chill. She lifted the sword as a burning skull swung towards her.
The [Armsmistress] swung her sword and beheaded the undead. She ran into the first streets of the Village of the Dead. She turned as the first undead vanished before the charge and raised the speaking stone to her lips as she readied her sword, already cursing.
“Silver and steel—Ceria, Pisces, team leaders, get ready for a fight! There are thousands!”
She lifted her sword and plunged forwards into a sea of glowing eyes and rotting limbs.
 
—-
 
Then.
They were a day later than planned. It looked like a day and a half, to judge by the uneven concert of wagons, horses, and even a moving palanquin assembling by nightfall.
“We’ll never get it organized before midday.”
