8.17 H
Page 28
Az’kerash had once made it there when he had first come to Izril, by dint of his incredible magical powers in death. He had made it into the heart of the Village of Death…and left. Because he had not been confident enough in his ability to defeat what lay beyond unprepared, alone.
The possibility of the Horns being obliterated now warred with a second possibility. What if they…succeeded?
Az’kerash did not sweat. If he could, though…he inspected the frozen beaver thawing in the summoning circle. A thousand attempts, a thousand failures. He needed more books on this kind of magic. He needed…time. Yet he understood perfectly why the Horns were rushing, into what had been certain doom until this night.
They wanted her back. They were taking on this threat because they were desperate. Because they could not wait.
Too soon. Too hasty. Too reckless. Az’kerash lowered his head.
“Uh oh. I sure hope my friends won’t get into trouble. That’d be—sort of bad. Especially since I uh, I’m alive. Yup, yup.”
His head rose as an unfamiliar female voice spoke. The Necromancer’s head turned.
A young woman walked forwards, inspecting the scrying spell and beaver critically. She shook her head, her light brown hair a bit tangled, her hazel eyes concerned.
“I’d better get my kitchen knife and acid jars. I’m Erin. Erin Solstice. Nice to meet you.”
She stuck out a hand at Az’kerash. The Necromancer watched her with his black eyes, white pupils locked on her face. Erin stared at him, and slowly withdrew the hand.
“Okay, be like that. It’s cool. It’s chill. I’m Erin Solstice. Insert dialogue here. Chess!”
She threw up her arms. Then—jerked. Her head drooped, the arms sagged. Az’kerash sighed.
“…This isn’t going to work.”
He waved, and the zombie shuffled off. Appearance was spot-on, but even with direct control, he couldn’t simulate the personality well enough. He tapped two fingers together, thinking. If it succeeded…
The problem was that he couldn’t even argue whatever the Horns might grab wasn’t worth it. Because if the Helm of Fire was in the Village of the Dead, it was certainly worth his time to collect. One of the great treasures of Drake-kind?
The Necromancer tried to figure out a way to save the Horns, or sabotage them, or fulfill his vow into the night. Come dawn—he watched as they assembled.
They attacked at midday. Then, the Necromancer watched for a different reason. Perril Chandler sat, looking at the woman with arms of silver, the half-Elf, the young [Necromancer], the Antinium alone.
Brave, young heroes. He wanted them to live. He wanted them to succeed.
He…
Watched.
 
—-
 
Now.
Somewhere far from here, the Horns of Hammerad had begun their assault on the Village of the Dead. Ceria had sent Selys a [Message] before the attack had begun.
…So had Pisces. That was how she knew. Now, she waited in The Wandering Inn, having told Lyonette, Ilvriss, as many friends as she could name of the Horns’ actions.
Yet they had no idea what was happening. There was nothing on the scrying mirror showing the battle. It was not news until someone decided it was.
Rags listened to the explanation about the scrying mirrors, the arguments—they were looking for a ‘Drassi’. She was still hung up on the magic door, and the fact that it led to Pallass.
The Goblin was…avoiding…one thing by inspecting the inn. In fairness, though, there was a lot to inspect, and a lot of people to see and meet.
For instance, who was this [Mage] who practically spilled onto the ground floor? And the Minotaur? Rags stared at her chest.
