8.17 H
Page 23
“She is Cotton. I am Silk. I am also one of Nerrhavia’s [Princes], no matter how many of us there are. We would not walk together unless she was in my service. Even then—it would be highly unusual.”
“I see. What brought you from Nerrhavia’s Fallen all the way here, Prince Zenol?”
He smiled, arching a brow as he looked at Yvlon.
“Certainly not a desire for respect or awe, if that is what you are asking, Lady Byres. I had considered posing as a mere commoner, but I doubted I would fool anyone. I came to prove myself. For adventure, rather than luxury. This raid called to me.”
He gestured and Yvlon glanced over her shoulder and realized the six palanquin bearers were silently trailing them. Two were rough, big Stitchfolk; Hemp. The other three were Cotton, with the last being Silk.
“My team, and my servants. I know what some of the other teams surely think of me, but rest assured. When we join in battle, I will not fall behind any other team. Nerrhavia’s pride is with my group.”
“I don’t doubt that, Prince Zenol. I’m just taken aback by your customs. Forgive me if I indicated otherwise.”
The Stitch-man glanced at Yvlon and actually stooped slightly, as if to see her face from a different angle.
“…You don’t, do you? Well, that is a refreshing change. May I ask about your arms, if it is not offensive? You must understand that it fascinates me to see someone who can change their skin as we do; I imagine Dullahans think the same.”
They did—Yvlon shifted uncomfortably and shrugged.
“It’s less glamorous than you imagine. I injured both arms badly. My armor melted into my bones when fighting a Flame Elemental; I was practically crippled until I consolidated a class and…”
She gestured. Zenol nodded, raising his eyebrows.
“Quite fortuitous. Was it simply a great stroke of luck? I do know of [Injured Warriors] who gain Skills to make up for lost limbs, but this is far rarer.”
“Not—exactly. I had uh, kept my arms functional with help. My teammate, Pisces—he is a [Necromancer], so he reinforced my bones, enough to keep me fighting.”
“Ah. Now there is a secret worthy of a class. I thank you, Lady Byres. You do me honor with your trust.”
Did she? Revi looked agog, like she was meeting a huge celebrity, but Yvlon wondered if she had said more than she should. Well—good for [Necromancers]. She walked with Prince Zenol until they met Ksmvr in the animal-pile.
Prince Zenol was haughty, but like the others, he seemed like a real adventurer the more they talked. If he showed no wounds, well—when Ksmvr inquired, the [Prince] instantly turned.
“We do not need healing potions in the same quantities, but we are quite willing to throw ourselves into the Village of the Dead to find the treasure and escape. I have prepared emergency-limbs of course. See?”
One of his people produced nearly a dozen perfectly-sewn silk arms, legs, even organs and other body parts. All of them looked like cloth—until they were swapped into the body.
“How sensible. I wish I were capable of modular reattachment. My missing arm has been most inconvenient. See?”
Ksmvr waggled his stump of a fourth arm.
“True, true! It is refreshing to see Antinium understand the superior nature of Stitchfolk bodies!”
Prince Zenol laughed, quite taken with Ksmvr. Ironically, the [Prince] from Chandrar had less reservations about talking with Ksmvr than Izrilians. He even asked the floating questions no one had dared to utter.
“So, are more Antinium willing to adventure? Or is your Hive as monolithic as I’ve been told? Will they be continuing the Third Antinium War?”
Ksmvr tilted his head.
