8.17 H
Page 3
Again, the two Horns and other adventurers turned, a smile on Ceria and Pisces’ faces. However, it faded as they saw the cluster of adventurers break apart and a huge figure stride past them.
Moore was taller than the Raskghar, taller than even the trio of horned bull-people. The gentle giant Ceria remembered though…
He strode through the crowd and they moved out of the way or had their feet stomped. Behind him trailed Ulinde, towing a trio of horses. Jelaqua glanced at Ceria.
“Moore’s…”
She needed to say no more. Ceria did not run to hug or shake Moore’s hand. She looked up as the [Green Mage] stopped.
“Moore.”
“When are we attacking?”
He looked like he hadn’t slept well. He looked like he hadn’t existed well. Not since…
It hit Ceria again what they were doing. What had happened. It had been over a month now. She’d counted the days.
Over one month since Erin died. Didn’t die. Got shot—one month with no cure. Well, today there would be one. They were going to raid one of the most infamous death zones in all of Izril. Either get something they could trade for Erin’s recovery…or die trying.
Memory flickered in her mind to a similar time. Yet this was not for glory or treasure alone. They had lost a lot, gained a lot since then.
There was no [Innkeeper] either.
The three teams caught the mood and sobered. The Horns, Griffon Hunt, and the Halfseekers looked at each other.
“No Silver Swords? We’ve been travelling together, but I didn’t get word they were coming and I’d have expected to hear Falene and Dawil fighting by now. This is Ulinde, by the way. Which…you know.”
Jelaqua gestured to the last arrival.
“Ceria. Pisces.”
The Selphid [Spellslinger] looked uneasily at the two, but Ceria and Pisces just gave her cool nods, recalling the first time they’d met. Pisces answered for Ceria.
“They’re not coming. They were too far and had a prior engagement.”
“Shame. Nothing like a [Knight] to hide behind.”
Seborn muttered. Typhenous and Revi nodded. Jelaqua exhaled.
“That’s all the teams from Liscor, then. Except for one. We got the Flamewardens. Moore [Messaged] you, right, Ceria?”
“Yep. How did you get them?”
“Wall Lord Ilvriss. Don’t gawk; it’s a long story. We’ve got other teams like the Lifwail Blades, Gemhammer, the Pride of Kelia, and uh…Vuliel Drae. Among others—”
At the last name, Pisces and Ceria, who had been smiling more and more, frowned.
“Couldn’t you have left them behind? How many Silver-ranks are there? I asked for Gold, Jelaqua. We can’t protect them and if it turns bad—”
The Selphid raised her paws defensively. The Raskghar body looked down at Ceria, seriously.
“I know, I know. Look at it this way, though, Ceria. There’s strength in numbers. A hundred Silver-ranks with bows is better than twenty Gold-ranks with swords…better than ten Gold—better than five Gold-ranks with swords! I would have turned them down, but once I realized how many were coming, I decided it was for the best.”
The adventurers looked around. It was true. The cluster of adventurers had converged on the spot almost at the same time.
Oh, two dozen teams had arrived early, and met with the Horns, somewhat dubiously until the numbers swelled. In fact, three teams had left—and two had come back, shamefaced, once they realized this raid had a lot of teams coming.
A huge caravan had arrived from Invrisil, however. Thanks to her friends. Yet it seemed like there were other arrivals that were complicating the influx. Jelaqua clearly had no idea who some of the teams in the traffic jam were.
“Let’s go sort this out. Where’s Yvlon?”
