8.17 H
Page 16
Prince Zenol inquired mildly. The others were looking shaken. Ceria looked at Yvlon. The [Armsmistress] was ready—
It was Pisces who spoke up. The [Necromancer] was leaning against one of the tent poles. He spoke, aware of eyes on him. Everyone knew his name, ironically, from the bounties.
Pisces Jealnet. [Necromancer].
“You will buy into this plan because we, the Horns of Hammerad, want that treasure. We want a Relic-class object more than anything. That is our claim. One Relic-class object; healing preferred. Everything else, divided. We will sell our gear to make up for the loss if we must. When the raid starts, we will go in, alone if we must. And to reassure you, Miss. We do not intend to leave until we have one.”
The tent fell silent. Halrac looked at Pisces, then Ceria and Yvlon. The two women nodded. After a second, someone spoke.
“I believe this is what is referred to as ‘dominance’. Wherein we establish our superior commitment. Hello, I am Ksmvr.”
He waved all three hands. Someone started laughing again.
It was Eldertuin. He seemed the most down-to-earth of the two Named-ranks. Elia was standing like a statue, poised, her hair gleaming, holding the golden bow that Ceria had seen in illustrations. Eldertuin had massaged his back, shifted, and smiled at their plan.
“Spoken like any crazy adventurers I partied with. I came here to join in. So let’s make a plan and anyone who wants to backs out. Don’t waste this team’s time.”
Ceria bowed slightly to him. He nodded back. Prince Zenol smiled too.
“And here I thought the only adventurers with spine were those who had it stitched into them. Let’s begin.”
 
—-
 
The planning of the raid on the Village of the Dead wasn’t actually where Ceria stayed long. She let Soew and the most able-minded group talk it out with Yvlon, who actually had a better head for strategy, not field tactics.
It wasn’t going to be that elaborate anyways. They’d attack from a few angles, but one main direction so they could reinforce each other. Multiple ‘spears’ would jab in, each one led by the treasure-team, which was comprised of mobile forces or volunteers, like Ceria.
All ranged-adventurers and [Mages] would advance slower, with a rear-guard keeping an escape route and reinforcements for a retreat.
Simple. They didn’t have time to coordinate and the idea was to hit the Village of the Dead so hard that even the immortal undead with their unnatural regeneration wouldn’t have time to catch the real players.
What Ceria did in the meantime was meet the other adventurers. Perhaps persuade some of those now uncertain to stay.
Ironically, the best person to start the introductions and foster some goodwill was Pisces. As the adventurers were talking about teams who would not participate—the Yellow Rivers team had two infected members, so they couldn’t heal and were thus liabilities—he sighed.
“If we are trying to preserve fighting strength, who was that fool who got their foot run over? I could see if I can mend the bones overnight. At least well enough to stand on for a [Mage] or [Archer].”
“What? You? That clod-foot is one of mine. What’re you going to do, though? Cut her foot off and animate it back on?”
The [Mercenary] captain squawked. Pisces gave her his best sniff.
“I am a [Necromancer], madam. Not some [Saw Doctor]. Among my manifold talents is the ability to mend bone. [Necromancer]? Bone? I can do what a healing potion cannot, and have her walking in a hundredth of the time. If you’d consent to letting one of my kind touch her, that is.”
