8.17 H
Page 2
“Well, you might have organized more than shouting, ‘come here and let’s raid a dungeon’. That’s how old adventurers used to do it, I’ll grant you, but a good raid is generally put together. Dead gods, I heard Liscor’s crypt raid was better than this. Fingers stitched it doesn’t go that way, huh?”
Ceria whirled. There was only one person who could fit Pisces-level snark into a greeting.
“Revi! Typhenous, Halrac, and…Briganda!”
She turned and threw her arms around the Stitch-Girl, who staggered slightly, but grinned despite her words. She recalled the last, newest member too as she hugged Revi.
“Ceria! Ah, you’re cold! It’s like being hugged by a Frost Golem—stop, enough! Pisces, was that Yvlon and Ksmvr I saw?”
She pointed and Ceria nodded. She turned, hugged the old man who was stroking his beard and giving Pisces a smiling nod of greeting, and was seized by the tall woman with the shield.
“You remember! Good to see you again, Ceria! Cade says hi—or he would if he was older. Where’s the arrogant, sniffing [Necromancer]? There he is.”
The [Shield Maiden] slapped Pisces on the shoulder, not put off by him. The only person who didn’t hug or exchange physicalities was Halrac. The [Marksman] and [Veteran Scout] held out a hand, which Ceria shook.
“Ceria.”
“Halrac. You came.”
He shrugged, as if it were nothing. The look he gave towards the adventurers, and the village in the distance, belied the action.
“We promised we would. So that’s the Village? What are the odds it has something to cure Erin?”
“High. It’s all but guaranteed according to Pisces’ source. If it’s not the cure—it can be bartered into one.”
The [Veteran Scout]’s eyes were grey and green, and more of grey than anything else. Ceria had forgotten how intense his stare could be when he was angry or serious. He swung his gaze towards Pisces.
“How likely is it that the bartered cure works?”
“I would stake my life on it. This is not a bet, Captain Everam.”
Pisces and Halrac regarded each other for a second. They had never been friendly, but Halrac nodded briefly.
“Good.”
The half-Elf smiled, but she didn’t have time to do more than turn from Halrac when another arm grabbed her.
“Ceria! It’s a mess out there! Reminds me of half the raids I’ve been to on Baleros! Look at you—we just parted and we’re back together! Plus—we’re cold-skin buddies!”
Jelaqua swung Ceria around and then put her down. Ceria stared up at the Raskghar, grinning in a jaunty, friendly way, and the familiar voice, if not tones, of Jelaqua Ivirith.
“Jelaqua, you made it! And you brought friends!”
“Of course we did. Anyone got a plan for sorting them out, or do we let them do it themselves? Ah, they’re big adventurers, they’ll figure it out. Seborn, Moore, Ulinde! I found the Horns! Where’s Pisces?”
She grabbed the [Necromancer] and rubbed his hair while putting him into a headlock, despite his fervent objections. Ceria was beaming as she saw a shadow slip past a knot of adventurers.
“Seborn.”
“This is a mess. Ceria, ah—Griffon Hunt beat us. Halrac, let’s get our camp next to the Horns’ before it gets taken.”
“Mm.”
The [Veteran Scout] seemed just as willing to leave the adventurers in chaos to their own devices. Jelaqua was not.
“No, we have to have order. Ceria’s in charge—we’ll grab some other team leaders and figure this out.”
“Wait, I’m in charge? We’re just—”
Jelaqua and Halrac looked at Ceria.
“You called the raid, you’re in charge. Unless you delegate. Where’s—there’s Moore and Ulinde.”
