8.17 H
Page 27
They were all crowded around a corpse. A corpse from the Village of Death? Ceria was appalled. They were going to start the raid early—
Then she realized something. The smoldering, burning corpse wasn’t moving. The zombie or Ghoul or whatever it had been…wasn’t getting up.
The unnatural healing, the regeneration that had doomed entire armies trying to enter this death-zone? The body lay, burnt, motionless. No magical light showing in its eyes.
“…It’s not undead. It’s just a body.”
Pisces straightened. His eyes were wide, but he tried to hide it as every adventurer slowly turned to Ceria. Her heart was pounding, and she looked at him. His eyes flickered. Yvlon, Ksmvr—all glanced at him, and then looked at Ceria.
“What did you do?”
Revi breathed, awestruck. Ceria glanced at Pisces before fumbling for words.
The next day—the raid on the Village of the Dead began. This time, everyone woke and assembled, marching the three miles to the death-zone, to the undefeated landmark of necromancy, feeling the same thing in the air. A chance. An opportunity.
Hope.
 
—-
 
He felt fear.
Fear, because it was too soon. Too soon for the Horns of Hammerad. Fear and uncertainly. For even the Necromancer, Az’kerash, of whom so much had been said, had no idea how the undead had stopped rising.
The broadcast of Grand Magus Eldavin had revealed to the world the truth of Perril Chandler. How he had risen and fallen.
…An incomplete truth. If Az’kerash had dared, he would have been the angry caller denouncing the inaccuracies, the parts of the story left unspoken.
It was largely correct. Sort of. If you ignored real details the story simply skipped over. The arrogance of a storyteller who hadn’t been there, only seen from afar.
However. Although he had been obsessed with the telling and retelling and reactions of the world, however inaccurate, Archmage Chandler, Perril Chandler, the Necromancer, Az’kerash, was focused on this raid.
He should have stopped it. It was too soon. The Horns of Hammerad had no chance whatsoever of penetrating the Putrid One’s lair to retrieve his treasury. In fact, Az’kerash had taken reassurance in that fact…until now.
His—obfuscation—of the truth regarding his ability to cure Erin Solstice had been the root of it, Az’kerash could see in the clarity of death. However, the issue had snowballed into a far greater problem without him knowing.
The Necromancer had been content to let young Pisces and his team try, fruitlessly, to raid the Village of the Dead, gambling on them failing.
He had not expected this many adventurers coming for the raid. However, he had been sanguine right up until the second unexpected event occurred: the incredible reanimation field of the Village of Death vanishing without a clue as to why.
“What happened? Is it some kind of—of resonance effect? Did the Demon’s ritual drain it, destabilize the magic?”
The only correlation Az’kerash had was the events around the Summer Solstice; there was no way for him to know what had truly happened. Now, he was worried.
Even with Eldertuin and Elia Arcsinger, he had been confident the raid would fail, breaking on the first layers of undead, who would hold back even an army thrice this size by sheer numbers and regeneration alone.
However. What had been an opportunity to level, however embarrassing to the Horns’ credibility was now turning…dangerous. If the undead did not come back, then the possibility became very real that the raid would begin to succeed. Which meant they’d reach the stronger undead. And the true parts of the Village of the Dead.
