8.17 H
Page 8
Selys had frozen upon seeing the three Brothers. They relaxed, and Crimshaw took his hand away from the blackjack. He tipped his hat to Selys and then Rags and Calescent.
“Good to know, Miss. Thought it might be, but we wanted to be sure.”
They were good. Rags had barely noticed after Niers, and had the three Brothers really wanted to attack—
Ambush specialists. Niers nodded to himself. He still didn’t know quite where the two Gentlemen Callers were or why they’d abandoned their posts, but the Brothers were doing good work. In fact, they’d done more than he had asked even yesterday…honorable men. He waited, still trying to make sense of this.
As for Rags, she put the crossbow down and gestured at Calescent to do the same. He was clearly uneasy at anyone sneaking up on him, but obeyed.
The Goblin [Great Chieftain] was purely approving, however.
“Better security, good. I always thought it was bad here. I could have destroyed the inn with eight Goblins.”
Her perfect intonation and speech made Selys start again.
“You can talk!”
“I could always talk. Ulvama, stop staring. Where is…Numbtongue?”
The [Shaman] made a choked sound. Rags looked at the faces, and then strode over to a table. She sat down and pointedly looked around.
“I would like a Blue Fruit juice cup, and some spaghetti, please. Also, a chessboard.”
She had waited a long time to say that. Shame, shame. She sat as the inn began to buzz twice. Calescent sat down next to her as Ishkr rushed into the kitchen.
Mrsha gazed at Rags, awed by the fascinating Goblin. She spoke better than Ulvama, as well as Numbtongue! She was so small, too! So amazing! She had a huge crossbow! She knew Selys? Did she know…know Erin? Was she coming to stay at the inn?
So many questions. Mrsha would have loved to inspect the two and find out more, and she was about to when something hit her on the head.
A tiny pebble. She glanced up, and a figure motioned. Mrsha…hesitated. The Fraerling pointed to the open door to the [Garden of Sanctuary] where they could talk and a bee buzzed down, carrying him. He gestured as only Mrsha saw him clinging to Apista’s back.
Curiously, Mrsha did not race after Niers. She looked at Rags, then after the Titan, and padded slowly into the garden. She met Niers around the pond and Fortress Beaver’s dam.
“Hey. That Goblin—you know her? What is this raid on the Village of the Dead? Has someone gone mad?”
Niers was sitting in the lee of some branches, looking at Mrsha urgently. The Titan, Apista perching on the twigs above…
Mrsha stopped eight paces away from him. The [Strategist] looked at her, impatiently, then he noticed Mrsha had stopped. He caught himself, smiled, beckoned.
“Come on, Miss Mrsha. We have to work together, right? I need your help. Come on.”
He gestured, and she took a few more steps forwards, but halted again. Mrsha smiled uncertainly.
She drew no closer. Niers closed his eyes, and exhaled. Damn it.
In the inn, Selys was staring at the scrying mirror, but there was no Drassi, only Noass and Sir Relz. Kevin had gone running to find her with Joseph, yet for now, it was just…news.
“We’ll be bringing you coverage of Ailendamus’ march to the sea—or rather, through Pheislant! Their armies are trying to encircle the Dawn Concordat. But first—obituaries. [Marshal] Vexu’de of the Trick Temple company has passed away of old age at 54, due to complications with the Yellow Rivers disease, along with [Princess] Itere, aged 72, of natural causes. They will be missed. It always struck me as odd, Noass, that a [Princess] remained one into their later years.”
