8.18 H
Page 46
Ryoka Griffin felt the same sense of terrible nostalgia as Ceria. But not for the same memory. The same feeling but a different place. Another time.
 
Something reaches up out of the ground, a hand, grey-green flesh, rotten sinew. But pink in places, too, oozing red. And bone. An arm, but not one any Human would have.
It reaches towards the sky, each finger as tall as I am, and the colossus rises. A head breaks the snow, and two eyes filled with huge, squirming maggots gapes at us. I’m screaming in my head, but the cold air is filled only with silence.
 
This was not the same as the Zombie Giant. Yet every part of Ryoka, held by the two now-silent boys, felt it.
The ball of [Light] illuminated the ranks of Draugr. Eighteen across, four ranks down.
Human. Drake. Half-Elves? Standing silent, each one wearing the same armor, clasping weapons. Garbed for battle.
They stood in the street, looking ahead. Waiting. The adventurers had gone still. Ryoka heard someone counting in the feed from the scrying orb.
No one spoke. Not Drassi or Joseph, or the adventurers. No one could. No one knew what came next save for one.
 
—-
 
Az’kerash closed his eyes. They had made it to the inner city. He reached up, and his fingers found curved lips. A smile?
Now—he listened, but his heart did not beat—now, it began. His eyes fixed on the half-Elf and young [Necromancer] standing together.
Show me.
 
—-
 
A voice cried out. In bitter ecstasy, in triumph. In grief?
“They have come. Will you do something now, master?”
He danced, in the heart of the city. Waiting.
The Putrid One never moved. So his servant grew uncertain.
Afraid.
 
—-
 
Who broke the silence at last? Ceria couldn’t tell at first. The voice had no spatial qualities at first. It was just…there. Hovering, ephemeral. Yet growing more solid.
“Intruders? Intruders. They have breached the perimeter. They have defiled this ground.”
The Draugr stirred. The voice—was not an adventurer’s voice. Nor one from the scrying orb. It came from within. It had a quality that Ceria realized, with a shudder, was familiar.
She had once heard it from…the scrying orb. When listening to Fetohep of Khelt.
It was not a voice produced by lips or a tongue, or lungs.
It was an undead’s voice. It spoke, again.
“They come for your Master. Rise, servants. To arms, guardians. We are bound to defend this place. So: arise. Let us spill bitter blood once more, as our service dictates.”
Such a curious call to arms. The voice was not furious, not angry. It sounded resigned. Even regretful. Ceria heard nothing after that.
Then—the Draugr moved. Slowly, as one, they shifted. Their clasped weapons rose. They began to march forwards.
“To arms.”
Eldertuin breathed. His mace rose, and the Golems, fearless, lifted their weapons. His voice stirred the adventurers. Ceria saw Pisces lift his rapier. Some of the paralysis freed itself from her veins.
Yet she was waiting. Sure that this wasn’t it. The vision, the warning in her mind had not feared this.
Ah. As the city stirred, she felt bitterly reassured. She saw more lights flickering across the dark sky. More shapes moving. Ceria looked up—and laughed sadly, despite herself.
Good, good. She hadn’t been wrong. 
A Lich, a skeletal [Mage], floated in the air over a rooftop. It raised a staff as tattered robes fluttered about it. It was not by itself. Ceria saw another rising, chains around the bones of its legs.
She stared at it—then saw a building move. She heard an oath.
“No. That’s not fair. We’re supposed to have the only damn one…”
