8.18 H
Page 45
The adventurers looked ahead. The street was one of many. It lay beyond the center, as the village changed. Revealing what it had hidden, protected by immortal undead for so long.
“Is that…?”
Briganda’s voice quavered nervously as she looked past the others. Keldrass spoke, his claws suddenly sweaty.
“A city.”
A city indeed. It lay beyond, as if it had always been there. The village was just a shell, Briganda realized. A shell which, when you pierced it…
Ancient buildings stood, empty. Magical street lamps hung there, only a few still working. It was not a full city, like Invrisil. It was as if…someone had simply scooped up part of Invrisil or wherever this had been and put it here.
The adventurers stood uncertainly. Suddenly, the end of their fighting had become a segue into a larger, unknown space. Eldertuin was frowning, but he held up his hand, stopping other adventurers from moving forwards.
“I think we should link up—no one advance into…”
Whatever the Named Adventurer might have said was too late. It had been too late the moment the Frostmarrow Behemoth had triggered the change.
Something moved in the city within. The adventurers tensed. Someone raised a bow.
“Don’t—”
Ceria breathed, turning.
Too late. Pisces had grabbed the arm of the [Archer], but someone else had raised their wand.
A jet of fire shot across the street. Levil’s burning orb of fire shot forwards, slower than an arrow, illuminating the silent homes and buildings on each side of the street. The orb of fire hit what had moved there.
It burst into flames across metal and rotten flesh. The fire burned bright for a moment, trying to incinerate what lay beneath, catch, grow…
But it couldn’t. The Draugr stood there, eyes glowing. Unmoved by the spell.
For a second, Ceria felt nothing but relief. Draugr. Oh—just a Draugr. That was all.
Then she heard Pisces draw in breath sharply. Ceria looked again, and her heart sank.
The superior version of a zombie stood, arms clasped before it. Unmoved, despite the attack. It had shifted, but only to look up. Levil’s flame had not burned it.
Because the Draug was wearing armor. Steel or some other fine metal; head to toe. Not torn, not broken by rust or battle like the other undead. Fine, intact metal. Even a helmet on its head, under which two glowing eyes looked out.
That was not the scary thing. What made Ceria’s heart skip a beat was what the Draugr was holding. Its hands were clasped around a two-handed axe, planted on the ground.
“Armor and a weapon? What kind of…”
Keldrass looked at the undead, as well-armed as he. He stared at Pisces. The [Necromancer] was silent. Slowly…he raised two fingers. He tried once—then managed to snap his fingers on the second try.
A ball of light appeared in his hands. Slowly—seeing or sensing something that the others could not, Pisces flicked his hand. The ball of light flew across the street.
 
—-
 
He could not stop smiling. He felt his body trembling. His skin crawling. His teeth were bared, and his heart pounded.
For them—all his sympathies. Yet all Niers Astoragon could do was remember. Remember as he had stood in similar places, and beheld similar sights.
The audience of the world watched as the ball of light flickered down the true streets of the Village of Death. It halted, glowing, and someone sighed in the common room below.
Selys.
Tears ran down her eyes as the Drake looked. Rags stirred. Numbtongue gripped his sword more tightly and Mrsha held the clawed hands tightly. As if that could make it go away.
 
—-
 
