8.18 H
Page 30
She shouted down to Pisces. He was busy fighting in the street. Ceria clung to the Frostmarrow Behemoth as it raised a paw and squished a Draugr. Pisces bellowed up at her.
“Get down!”
“I’m fine! Yvlon, do you hear that? It’s an army! It’s—it’s Ryoka! It has to be! No one else could do it! This is her kind of crazy! It—”
A skeleton shot Ceria in the chest. The arrow lodged in her ice armor, and never broke through. Even so, Ceria stumbled.
“Ow!”
“Get down, you idiot!”
Yvlon barked at Ceria. However, she was fighting with renewed vigor. So were all the adventurers. Most had no idea what an army of House Veltras was doing here, but it was all they needed. The undead seemed—distracted—as more of the trebuchets began hitting the eastern side.
“Come on! Looks like they’re pulling back a bit! Hold your ground! We just need to fortify up—and get to the loot before those nobles demand everything!”
Ceria heard a laughing voice through the stone. Briganda. She grinned as she slid down the Frostmarrow Behemoth’s arm. The undead were pulling back.
 
—-
 
“They’re falling back! With me, boys and girls!”
Briganda whooped. The [Shield Maiden] adjusted her grip on her shield, then went forwards. Forwards, into the undead!
She did not fight like Yvlon, who had her Silversteel arms to rely on, or like Zenol or Dorgon, who had almost artful finesse. Briganda fought like a [Warrior] who’d learned everything from the battlefield.
Slash, block, shield-ram—trip them up in the legs, and punch the Ghoul in the face with the shield when it was down. Briganda made no flashy moves; she just chopped, keeping her guard up, cut, never giving her opponents time to take the offense for more than a strike or two.
Ironically, her group was doing better than some of the other fronts, like the Halfseekers or even Yvlon’s side. Briganda was holding the other side of the street Yvlon was fighting on. She hadn’t moved as far, but neither had her side wavered after the undead press let up.
Because she hadn’t charged ahead. There was less imbalance between the Gold-ranks and Silver. They fought shoulder-to-shoulder, and Briganda herself let go of her shield to yank a Gold-rank Gnoll back.
“Keep together, you idiot!”
She whacked the Gnoll on the back of the head. The other woman growled at her, but fell back into line. Briganda turned.
“Bone Horror coming up! Where’re my hammers?”
“On it!”
Gemhammer came up the street as a Bone Horror parted the ranks of the adventurers. It charged, an amalgamation of thick bone—and ran straight into Briganda. She gritted her teeth.
[Block Charge]! She raised her shield; took the impact. The Bone Horror stopped dead and both adventurer and thing recoiled.
However, that was enough. Briganda didn’t need to even strike back, if her hatchet could have even done enough damage. The instant the Bone Horror halted, a maul cracked its face. Five more heavy weapons swung. Briganda saw a leg vanish as a glowing pickaxe hammered through it like it was made of butter.
The Bone Horror went down, almost feebly fighting. Briganda laughed, checking herself.
“I almost feel bad for it—no, wait. I don’t. Earlia, move back!”
The Captain of Gemhammer saluted Briganda. The [Shield Maiden] looked about her. The Silver-ranks in the second row were waiting, some chugging stamina potions. They were tired from fighting for…what, two hours now? However, adrenaline was still pumping in their veins.
“Let’s go! Second rank, come on! They’re lightening up!”
