8.18 H
Page 21
But no less dangerous. They could take a beating even the Draugr could not, and they had any number of limbs to attack an adventurer with.
The Silver-ranks wavered in the streets when they saw both bone-variants join the flesh-and-blood kin. Skeletons were climbing too, and Ghouls, all to take the rooftops and leap onto the adventurers from behind. Not only that, the undead were still teleporting into the houses unless they were destroyed, which meant that while adventurers had barricaded the ground floors, some were coming out of the windows or broken pieces of the wall!
All of this meant that the roofs of the houses, supposed to be the safest location, were now dangerous. A group of thirty [Archer] adventurers found themselves besieged from all sides, cut off on the four roofs they were perched on.
“Let’s get out of here! We have to run!”
A pale-faced [Bandit Archer] shouted to the others. Half of them wavered, but on all sides the undead were coming up. Where did you run to? To jump was to land, possibly break your legs, and be swarmed at once.
A Ghoul pulled itself over the roof’s edge, climbing onto rotted shingles with ease, biting, snapping, looking around for prey.
Halrac’s boot caught it in the head. The [Veteran Scout] kicked the undead back into the mass below. He aimed his bow down; loosed a glowing arrow.
A Bone Horror vanished as the arrow exploded. The Gold-rank captain snapped at the other adventurers under his command.
“Hold your ground. If you run, you die! Anyone with close-combat classes, keep the undead from climbing up!”
“But Halrac, there are—”
The [Scout] pivoted and kicked a Bone Crawler so hard its head exploded in a shower of bone fragments. The Silver-rank adventurer gulped.
As of yet, Halrac hadn’t even drawn his shortsword. He kept moving, drawing arrows and loosing them into the street below. He snapped at another [Archer], one with dark skin and nearly-transparent hair underneath her helmet.
“Keep hitting those undead attacking Yvlon’s group—there! Kill the Draugr!”
The [Magical Archer] saluted him with an arrow, put it to her bow, and murmured.
“[Seeking Missile].”
The enchanted arrow shot high into the air, then arced, perfectly hitting one of the Draugr in the head as it twisted like a homing spell. She kept firing.
Halrac’s invisible bow sounded again. This time, to shoot a normal arrow and knock a skeleton away from an adventurer it had snuck up behind. He was too late for the other one.
A second skeleton grabbed a Silver-rank and upset her balance. It yanked—hard—and she flailed, losing her cool. She was about to tear free—when eight zombies grabbed the skeleton’s dangling feet.
Adventurer, skeleton, and zombies fell into a mass of undead below. Halrac never heard a sound; he shot a flurry of arrows down, killing undead. Yet no adventurer came out fighting.
“Keep away from the roof’s edges!”
He shouted at the others. Halrac reached for the speaking stone on his armguard, and then let it drop. No point asking for reinforcements again. They knew—
He spun as a Draugr came up the roof, tearing into the wood as it went for the [Archers]. Halrac put an arrow in its eye. It kept coming.
The second arrow was stouter, and longer than his. Not regulation-size. It also had more force than even his invisible-bow’s enchantment. It blew a chunk of the Draugr’s head off and the undead pitched into the crowded street below.
Halrac turned. The Minotaur with the curious ‘x-bow’, the fusion weapon of two bows crossed together, lowered it and calmly put another arrow to the string.
“Thorven.”
