8.18 H
Page 15
Eldertuin the Fortress had been in the second wave. However, he was now in the vanguard, standing and fighting with the huge tower shield covering him. However, the shield itself was only part of his protection.
Copies of his shield rose from the ground; a sparkling barrier protected him. His might was the mace he swung, and it did fell Crypt Lords. But the Named Adventurer was his nickname. Adventurers fought in a line, enjoying his protections, stalemating the undead.
The real damage came from above. Yet another sparkling arrow landed, and some adventurers cheered as it blew apart another Crypt Lord.
Elia Arcsinger saluted Eldertuin from her rooftop, which her team was loosing arrows from. The two Named Adventurers nodded to each other, coolly.
 
—-
 
The last group had suffered hardest at first. Lacking the intensity of the Horns, Halfseekers, or Griffon Hunt, who were all pushing forwards with determination, or the two Named Adventurers, the majority Silver-rankers—who had been meant as a diversion anyways—had fallen back fast, taking the only casualties thus far.
Now, they were advancing. It would be charitable to say they were fighting. But half of the ‘fighting’ was just staring up at the Frostmarrow Behemoth’s rear as it tore its way forwards.
“Another street! Damn it—and we haven’t even found another of the attack groups! How big is this place?”
Ceria Springwalker groused, shooting [Ice Spikes] into another intersection of undead coming their way. However, she had no time to waste mana on the hordes of undead and a single-attack spell.
She raised a hand. A wall of ice engulfed the front rank of zombies, immobilizing them, and thickened, quickly blocking the street. Some undead tried to come over the top—but Pisces pointed and two bolts of light fried the Ghouls and he snapped the necks of the rest.
“[Ice Wall] up! Put those barricades down!”
Ceria shouted. The adventurers behind her scrambled to secure the gap in the time before her spell vanished, installing the metal-and-wood barricades to stem the undead flow.
“Pisces to Strategist Soew. We have another street full of undead. Requesting bombardment.”
The [Necromancer] spoke into the speaking stone. The Owl’s voice replied.
“It will be done. Please turn left at the next street; we are attempting to link you to another attack group.”
Pisces turned back to the Behemoth’s advance. He spotted several undead coming past the Behemoth and pointed to each one. Their necks snapped.
“This is so…unsatisfying. I suppose when one is the most capable adventurer on the field though, one must put up with such easy victories.”
He sniffed. Ceria frowned at him. However, it was true that Pisces could just point and kill undead—if not Crypt Lords.
“I thought you had to snap your fingers to do that, Pisces? Why is it just pointing?”
The young man paused.
“…My fingers hurt from snapping too much.”
Ceria and Pisces blinked at each other as the Frostmarrow Behemoth moved ahead. Yvlon was fighting in her street. Which left…
“Ksmvr? Come in. Where are you?”
“Fighting, Captain Ceria.”
The voice came over the speaking stone as Ceria switched communication devices. She looked up at the rooftops, frowning. Pisces stopped as well.
“Fighting? Ksmvr, I told you to fall back.”
“…This is not Ksmvr. Excuse me, you are breaking up. I have found our adjacent attacking force. Six streets over.”
“Ksmvr!”
 
—-
 
Elia Arcsinger was picking her next shot when her daughter pointed.
“Is that a jumping undead? No—wait! Look! Mother!”
“I told you to call m—”
