8.18 H
Page 39
Two hundred feet distant, the [Mercenaries] touched the curious weapons they carried. A harsh, strange glow filled the air as the Kaalblades sprang to life.
The undead never stopped, unimpressed by theatrics. Unaware of the threat.
The first [Mercenary] saw a Draugr coming his way and blanched with fear. However, he swung the blade, knowing to run was to die—
And cut the Draug in two. The artifact’s beam of power bisected the undead. The other [Mercenaries] swung, beheading zombies, slashing Ghouls in two—as if their weapons were enchanted artifacts wielded by Gold-ranks!
“Kaalblades!”
Jericha exclaimed, shocked.
“Lightsabers.”
Ryoka muttered under her breath. In truth—the Kaalblades looked more like oversized carrot peelers, with the metal blade being replaced by the electric-plasma arc that could cut through anything.
No wonder they weren’t popular to someone who had no idea what they did. Right now though, the entire world saw the first rank of undead vanish, and the [Mercenaries] advance, swinging into their ranks before retreating with the crossbow coaches cutting down the undead.
That was when House Veltras began to advance once again. Lord Tyrion let the House of El tie up the flank; he went in with thousands of reinforcement riders at his back, followed by [Soldiers] on foot, cutting back towards his lines.
 
—-
 
“That was the House of El, showing off their new weapon! Kaalblades! Joseph, did you see that! That was amazing! Didn’t Maviola El have one?”
“Those were lights—very amazing, Drassi!”
Joseph was just as agog. He turned to her as Drassi checked her notes.
“We’ve just gotten information from the House of El—it’s a new artifact—no, a recreation of an old artifact made with the help of Archmage Valeterisa of Izril. They run on mana crystals so I guess it’s expensive but—hey, they’re for sale! Wow! I want one. What about you, Joseph?”
The [Coach] was still staring at the fighting. He turned to Drassi.
“They’re for sale? How much? I’ll pay for one now.”
The commentary raised a few eyebrows. Not least on Flos Reimarch’s head. He turned to Venith Crusland.
“Did you see that?”
“Your Majesty…”
The man had a resigned look on his face. Flos waved a hand at him.
“I just want one! No—Mars has to try out new swords. Make it two. However, if we had an entire unit—check the costs and get a hundred. A hundred and two for me and Mars. Make it a hundred and fourteen to be safe. Actually…three hundred if it’s affordable. That’s gold for Gold-rank weapons! Better make it six hundred.”
Maresar rolled her eyes as Venith began to argue.
 
—-
 
Lord Deilan El rubbed his hands together, nervous but elated, watching the [Mercenaries]. If even a single Kaalblade was lost—but this was free advertising, not to mention the prestige of the event.
“If we sell sixteen, we have justified this endeavor. And that is not counting goodwill, or gained levels, Lord Marthos.”
The other man nodded dubiously. Of course, that was sixteen Kaalblades’ worth of lost profits, but as far as Deilan was concerned, their entire stockpile was worthless if it wasn’t sold. If they opened the way to more sales…
Besides, he felt Maviola would have approved of this entire endeavor, cost or not. She used to tell the children stories of killing undead hordes with Gresaria and her brother.
“Deilan. Deilan—we’re already getting inquiries into the weapons. Not just Kaalblades, our crossbows too!”
