8.18 H
Page 32
Another Drake growled. Keldrass agreed, coughing again. He spat something like soot from his mouth.
“We can keep fighting. Don’t worry about us, Adventurer Briganda. We’ll take the left street, you move ahead—”
He gestured, impatient to go on, confident in his wave’s ability to keep their momentum with their fire breath.
Briganda didn’t doubt that. However…she was beginning to understand what was meant by ‘Drake stubbornness’. She hadn’t met many, but Keldrass reminded her of some adventurers she’d fought with.
She looked over his shoulder and shook her head. He hadn’t noticed—Briganda grabbed him by one shoulder and turned him around.
“You might be good, but your group isn’t. See?”
She pointed out some Silver-ranks to Keldrass. The Drake, still panting, saw a few in clear distress.
“What’s the matter, fatigue?”
Briganda didn’t think so. The amused [Shield Maiden] eyed a Drake, leaning on a wall, clutching at his stomach.
“Nope. Rookies.”
“What’s the issue, soldier?”
Keldrass strode up to the Silver-rank Drake, acting like the former military veteran he was. The Drake gave him a panicked look. She had silver-green scales.
“Nothing, er, Captain Keldrass! I’m just—not feeling well.”
“Are you sick? Injured?”
“No…I just need a rest.”
The Drake’s eyes rolled desperately. Briganda was trying not to grin. Keldrass just gave the Drake an impatient look. He noticed similar discomfort on two more faces.
This wasn’t an issue afflicting Briganda’s group. However, some adventurers looked—
“Drink a stamina potion, then.”
“That’s not the issue.”
The [Shield Maiden] cheerfully informed Keldrass. He looked back at her, then the Drake, uncomprehendingly.
“Spit it out! We’re wasting time! What’s wrong with you?”
“I—Captain Keldrass—”
Briganda walked over and whispered, loud enough for everyone close to hear.
“She needs to find a place to crap.”
The Drake’s scales mottled crimson. Keldrass recoiled—looked at Briganda—and his face twisted up in disgust.
“What? Didn’t you take a potion to—”
“Not all adventurers can afford ‘em. Or prepare. Mind you, some don’t bother. It just splashes as they keep going. You should see their armor after an hour-long fight if they ate too much the day before.”
Briganda cheerfully commented. Some of the adventurers looked appalled. Others just looked amused. She grabbed Keldrass as the Drake in question looked ready to dig herself a hole in the street.
He let himself be towed, this time. Briganda spoke with a smile.
“Your adventurers need to rest for twenty minutes. Clear a space, or pull back. Let them eat. You’re used to going on stamina potions, but this is a longer battle, not a brawl. They’ll collapse if they don’t eat anything after two hours of fighting, potions or not.”
He glanced at her. The Oldblood Drake hesitated—then, to Briganda’s relief, ducked his head.
“My mistake. You’re right.”
She patted him on the shoulder, relieved he was seeing sense. Eating, bathroom breaks—who thought of that in the middle of a raid?
Veterans who’d soiled themselves after fighting for three hours straight, that was who. Anyone who’d ever seen someone pass out because they’d tried to go eight hours non-stop without eating a bite, only on potions.
When Yvlon’s group found Keldrass and Briganda’s forces, they were resting, taking a seat in the street while some stood guard, fighting undead. Yvlon looked at Briganda and Keldrass, furious.
“What are you doing?”
“Resting. Your group could do it too, you know.”
