8.18 H
Page 29
Tyrion Veltras was ready. He glanced at the tired [Mages], recovering their mana after both spells, and the silent village. In the scrying orb, he saw the adventurers shouting at each other, having just gotten word about his army.
The [Lord] smiled. He lifted a hand.
“Jericha? Fire at will.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin had no idea what Tyrion meant. She heard Jericha receive his words and saw him from afar from her vantage point. What did he mean, ‘fire at will’? The [Mages]? But he hadn’t brought that m—
Thump.
Ryoka heard the creak. The snap of the air, and—an incredible weight suddenly moved by physics. She had heard that sound once or twice before. However—
Her head turned slowly. Wide-eyed, Ryoka saw what had been set up behind and to the side of her position without her seeing it, so focused she’d been on the television and the Village of the Dead.
Now, she saw the huge wooden arm settling back. The other copies of the huge, complex beast of wood, metal, and rope had all made similar sounds.
Ryoka Griffin’s head slowly went up. As did Hethon, Sammial’s, and every Human except for the front rank’s. They all traced the flying, glowing projectiles in their slow flight across the sky. Deceptively slow. Until you remembered that chunks of stone were not supposed to fly like birds.
The trebuchet’s first barrage hit the Village of the Dead like thunder. The [Siege Fireball] had been a dim, muffled explosion within the magical boundaries of the village.
Whatever spell was at work had a harder time with eight enchanted projectiles smashing into the houses, exploding and rolling through the street. Ryoka heard Hethon gasp and Sammial laugh, delighted.
She just…looked at the trebuchets.
Her trebuchets. No—not hers, but her designs, brought to life. A favor for an [Emperor].
Siege weapons to destroy a Drake city and an army of Goblins. She remembered hearing about it, reading about it.
“I thought they were lost.”
Jericha heard the faint voice from the Courier. She looked back with a frown. She couldn’t know, of course, why Ryoka looked at the artillery that had been set up from their portable bags of holding so swiftly. Her reply was curt, almost condescending.
“Lord Veltras would never abandon such useful weapons of war, Miss Griffin. These are the first true siege weapons acquired by the north in over a thousand years.”
Ryoka Griffin met the haughty [Mage]’s gaze with a look so disturbed that Jericha hesitated. However, whatever the Courier might have said was lost.
The trebuchets fired again. The record-loading time for a trebuchet on Earth was just under five minutes, to Ryoka’s vague recollection. That was with siege-experts, and at the height of their usage.
Lord Veltras’ forces weren’t nearly as coordinated, and they might be lucky to get off a shot every ten minutes or more. However—they had Skills.
One of the trebuchets had reloaded in forty seconds; all the time it had taken to transport another enchanted boulder to be attached. Now—it hurled the projectile at the Village of the Dead. Where it landed, Ryoka saw fire.
 
—-
 
Ceria heard the impact. But faintly. Very faintly. She turned her head, seeking the light of the explosion, but even from the top of the Frostmarrow Behemoth’s head she couldn’t. However, just seeing the view from the mini scrying orb was enough to hearten her.
“They’ve got those damn trebuchets! It’s that [Lord]! The guy at the siege, Pisces, remember?”
