8.18 H
Page 47
Briganda stared at the giant Bone Behemoth which slid out of the shadow of a building. Gleaming bone face armored with a metal mask.
More giant shapes began to move above the buildings. Shapes fluttered through the air.
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion Veltras slowed, looking towards the city, at the mirror. Then—he saw the first winged undead burst out in the distant village. He spoke, his voice terse.
“Undead Wyvern. Fall back. Lord Deilan, join your forces to mine—now!”
He whirled, racing back towards the carriage behind his lines. Ryoka Griffin stood just outside of it, looking towards the Village of the Dead.
“No. It’s not fair. It’s never fair.”
The wind felt black, blowing up from there. Like poison. It told her of things flying and crawling within.
 
—-
 
A hundred, a thousand voices spoke to her. Yvlon Byres saw the first Wailing Pit creeping forwards, the damned collection of undead pleading, speaking to the living.
The adventurers shuddered. She saw the giant undead, heard the sound of despair from behind her.
The [Silversteel Armsmistress] gazed towards the city.
“The center of the center, then.”
Prince Zenol and Dorgon looked at her.
“What?”
Yvlon didn’t reply. She drew her sword from its resting place in the ground. She began to walk forwards, like she had at the start of this all.
“Forward. Set up fortifications. I’ll stall them. We’re going in. Horns of Hammerad? Forwards.”
The Wailing Pit was blocked by a line of undead. Skeleton Knights, wearing armor over bone, and, leading them, a richly-dressed commander of some kind, moving with impatient animation. It raised its sword and saluted Yvlon.
She stopped, blinking and her sword rose. She copied the gesture, and saw a plumed helmet nod once. Then, Yvlon was running again. She swung her sword and met enchanted steel in kind as the last forces of the Putrid One awoke in their dead city.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This has been…the worst writing vacation of 2021. Which I grant you, is not a hard bar to pass, but it’s been the roughest of the four so far.
The vaccine…is not good for relaxation. Worse yet, in only a few updates, I’m getting the second one, which I’m told is rougher.
Well, I’ll let you know what happens. For now, this chapter is one I have mixed feelings about. I was down because I felt like I had to get…everything…done in one go. Which includes the city-battle, which we have just gotten to.
However, poor sleep made me feel my writing wasn’t optimal in writing this chapter. Poor sleep—as opposed to exhaustion, which is different. But we’re not here to talk about writing. If I had time, perhaps I would have revised this to be more action-packed, get to the point faster?
I don’t know. One more chapter should do it unless I’m all wrong, but I hope this was entertaining enough, even if it isn’t pure action. Not all chapters can win everything. I hope you enjoyed this, and the next chapter is coming out…very soon. Thanks for reading!
 
Today’s art is Healing Slime and Toren by Auspicious Octopi, commisioned by pirateaba!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/auspiciousoctopi

 

