8.18 H
Page 35
The momentum had shifted back to favor the living. Undead still contested the adventurers at every turn, but more and more, the overwhelming numerical advantage was vanishing.
Now it was high-level undead—a challenge, but one adventurers lived for. Meanwhile, tens of thousands were moving east.
Going after Lord Tyrion’s far larger army. It was he who might not hold, but Strategist Soew’s reassurances to the Attack groups were simple.
“He has declined every offer for support I have made. Continue your advance as planned.”
The adventurers were all too happy to do that. They began to move forwards once more.
 
—-
 
He watched, with patience. Not amusement or anger. Merely a kind of weary indifference. His comment to his master was laced with only a hint of query.
“Bodies die. They are coming closer. Is this your plan? All the bodies we’ve gathered—you had no need of them? Is that what you are telling me?”
He moved closer—then away. It hurt too much to stand close. Still, his hands reached out, grasping, now—worrying.
“Are you hurting? Why don’t you…is her curse growing stronger, this—this harridan—this woman who laid you low? Is that it? Only six have ever come this far. Soon—soon—”
No response. So the man turned wrathful and petty.
“Fine then! If you don’t respond, I’ll let them break into the inner parts. I’ll do nothing. There’s a small army outside. You don’t even care. Fine. Fine…”
He sat, waiting, heedless of the fighting. They were just bodies. Not a single one was his master’s creation. Just stragglers, fools who had never made it inside. They didn’t matter. Perhaps if they got further…then?
Then.
 
—-
 
They were just zombies. However. First there were ten thousand coming out of the Village of the Dead.
Then there were twenty thousand, despite the bombardments of the trebuchets now slaughtering hundreds with each strike.
Then there were forty thousand.
“We are being pushed back. Jericha, withdraw another hundred paces!”
Tyrion Veltras divided the line of undead once more with another charge. Each of his [Riders] might have slaughtered three undead at least in the ride forwards. Tyrion? He sent eight Draugr to their deaths with calculated lance-strikes.
It was like a drop of water being removed from a pool. He had brought countless arrows, and his archers had not stopped firing once this entire battle.
The undead kept coming. How many were there now? A hundred thousand? Almost all zombies too!
Armies have perished here. Tyrion saw broken armor on some. Traces of finery, a [Merchant]’s hat…
Children. He looked back as his army pulled back onto flat ground. Too close to the trebuchets. His eyes were only on his sons’ coach, though. No danger—yet.
Magical webs held the undead in place. A second furrow of dirt formed a pit they collapsed into. A mesh net, nearly invisible in the fading noon light trapped the zombies and they were run through mercilessly.
They fell for every trap, every tactic and defense the Humans employed. Yet the issue was no longer strategy or the ground they fought on, but sheer numbers.
 
—-
 
Ryoka watched as Lord Tyrion galloped through the undead, rotten forms with glowing eyes. Yet she saw the [Lord] and his narrow band of riders weave through the undead again and again.
Like a silver needle plunging through rotten cloth. There was something she could admire about it.
Something to admire. And—Ryoka glanced at the trebuchets—things to hate.
However, she was biased. Because she sat with Hethon and Sammial, fingering the unused Faeblade, Windsword—watching. She was not a warrior.
