8.18 H
Page 13
A rapid volley of [Ice Spikes], as fast as Levil could throw the weaker [Flame Arrow] spell, picked off Ghouls on a rooftop. Pisces nodded. He vanished—appeared, stabbing a Ghoul through the head. More undead collapsed around him.
Ahead of him, the Frostmarrow Behemoth charged through a house. Pisces regarded it, and turned to Ceria. She shrugged.
“Shortcut.”
They ran through the opening, ice and rapier cutting down the undead the giant creation didn’t manage to squash. Fourth wave watched in silence as the two Gold-rank adventurers rushed deeper into the Village of Death.
“Hey. Larr? I found the Horns.”
Dasha nudged the Gnoll after a moment. He didn’t really reply.
 
—-
 
“Frostmarrow Behemoth going in. [Summoners], send your creations forward!”
Revi didn’t need to be told that. Everyone had seen the giant monster, the biggest thing on the field, hit the Village of Death. It had vanished inside, proving the village was a lot bigger due to magic; Revi should have been able to easily see it no matter where it went.
“They’re using undead? Wh-what was that thing? That’s not a regular undead.”
The poncy [Mage] looked well and truly spooked. Revi just bared her teeth. She was one of three [Summoner]-type classes, and the other two had already called familiars and the battle-golem. Revi was the only Gold-rank among them.
She breathed in and out, calling upon her magical power.
“Stitch me sideways. They’re using their best cards now? Okay—in that case—”
She reached for the first, the biggest summoning catalyst in her repertoire. Newly-added too. Geni peered at the amber-encased object.
“My word, my dear. Is that—”
The old woman hesitated. She looked up as the light flashed. The Wistram [Mage] screamed.
It turned out he was arachnophobic. And this?
The lead [Wizard] looked up and nearly fired on this creation. He craned his neck up and backed up slowly. So did the other [Mages].
“What is that thing?”
A Baleros adventurer looked well and truly spooked, which was ironic given the life on that continent. Someone else replied softly.
“That’s a Shield Spider. Dead gods. I had no idea they got that big.”
Revi grinned, feeling drained suddenly. She swayed as the mother of all Shield Spiders—literally—crawled down the hill. It wasn’t as large as the Frostmarrow Behemoth. But it was larger than any other thing on the field.
“Revi my dear. That’s new?”
“That’s new. But it’s not all. Watch…watch this.”
The [Summoner] croaked. She raised her catalyst, took a breath—and shouted.
“[Summoned Monster: I Call Your Kind].”
The light flashed again. This time, the Wistram [Mage] went into a fit. That was partly Revi’s fault; she hadn’t meant for every spider to crawl over him. He was just in the way.
A wave of glowing spiders scuttled in the wake of the largest one. Hundreds of smaller Shield Spiders scuttled down the hill, some as small as Revi’s palm, others far larger. They streamed towards the Village of Death.
“What the f—”
Someone breathed afterwards. Revi felt the spiders begin dying the instant they entered the Village of Death—the lesser ones. The larger one began tearing undead apart the second it entered. She felt relieved about the lesser ones dying.
Less of a burden on her. She swayed as old Geni looked at her.
“Hey Geni? Give me a second. I’m just gonna—”
Revi collapsed in the spell circle, trying to draw as much mana from it as possible. Geni bent over her, anxiously.
“Are you okay, Revi? You’ve overdone it.”
“Me? I’m a veteran. No, no…I’m just resting.”
