8.18 H
Page 0

(The Flowers of Esthelm, Book 3 of The Wandering Inn is out on Audible! Grab it here! And please consider leaving a review! Thanks!)
 
He broke the silence not because it bothered him after all this time, but because he wanted to.
Because he craved a response. Part of him thought he’d get one, even now.
Especially now?
The air was thick like a miasma, silent as a massed grave.
“They’re coming again. They never learn, do they? Do you see them, my friend?”
He turned his head and waited. No one else spoke, so he let his voice echo.
Filled the air again.
“They buzz around like little insects. Noisy. Irksome. Should I deal with them? I would have to leave you alone.”
Silence. Then, a chuckle. His. He reached out and patted the air; he would never dare to touch, even if he could.
“No, no. I would never leave you alone. I’m just kidding! Still…”
A frown crossed his face. Pensive, his voice became petulant.
“…Is this time special? Is there something I don’t know? They look like the same bugs to me. So why…?”
He paced around. Nothing had changed. He had not slept in eons. He had never ceased keeping watch. Nothing came here. Nothing moved. Yet—something had changed without him noticing.
Again, the fingers reached out, tentatively stopping.
“You’ve grown so silent. Have you withdrawn your blessing because we have done something wrong? Are we taking too long? I’ve tried my best, you know. You don’t say anything. I’m not a mind-reader. What do you want me to do?”
No. Response. As always. Yet it irked him. It enraged him. His voice grew louder, so loud a buzz filled the room as pebbles and dust shook.
“Answer me! I deserve that much, at least! Am I not your faithful companion? Faith. Have I not kept it for you for so long? I know you’re there. Or why else would it have changed? Is it them? Us?”
He stretched out an arm, pleadingly, shifting from wrath to regret, chagrin in a moment.
“I’m sorry! Don’t be angry.”
He groveled—sinking low to the ground, looking up hopefully.
Nothing moved. The…man’s…plaintive whisper was nearly lost.
“Can you even hear me?”
His head rose and beheld the object of his affection, anger, remorse, and desire. What the little bugs came for, every time. Something had changed. He whispered, uncertainly.
“Master?”
 
—-
 
The Village of the Dead, or the Village of Death, was a death-zone. Aptly named, but it was an adventurer’s term anyways. It referred to places so lethal that even Named-rank Adventurers’ survival could not be guaranteed if they entered—let alone in them clearing or overcoming the challenges within.
There were a number of these places in every part of the world. Some were simply regions of ecological or magical damage, like the Dyed Lands or the Bloodfields, still valuable but inherently risky and without known treasure waiting to be seized.
Other locations were lairs. Like the Kraken’s Pass.
Some were dungeons. Magical relics, malevolent dungeons designed to slaughter, places where something died or waited.
The Archmage of Izril’s mansion might have become a death-zone in time, if it had slaughtered ten or twenty times the population it already had and existed for decades as such.
However, most death-zones were old. No one remembered when the Village of the Dead had appeared. It was simply there. A place you couldn’t fly over. That you avoided. Safe, for all that. The undead never left a mile’s radius of the village. Yet neither could it be destroyed.
