8.18 H
Page 41
She pointed to a tiny, hovering logo that they’d inserted in a corner of the scrying orb. Eldavin stared at it. His eyes actually bulged.
“That? You call that important? My dear, that is nothing. I am saying that this event has every notable nation and countless important individuals watching—so why aren’t we in the event? We are Wistram Academy! If something happens of note in this world, we should be seen to be part of it, tolerating it at least, or needing to be consulted! That is Wistram’s reputation that has been lost!”
The rest of the Terras faction traded glances. Valeterisa raised a hand.
“Query: how do we effect this, if we agree with your sentiments, Grand Magus? The event is occurring and we are not capable of teleporting there instantaneously, even with the new long-range teleport spells we are formulating.”
Eldavin clicked his fingers impatiently, neglecting to mention that he could appear there…with some effort and thirty minutes.
“We have to have some [Mage] in the area. Some Mage’s Guild—get me a list. Halfway decent [Mages] only. Only someone above Level 30.”
He looked at Teura. She blinked, raised a finger to her temple.
“There’s…aside from Mage’s Guilds, only one of which has an actual graduate, the only high-level [Mage] above Level 30 I can find is a ‘Mage Merzun’, who is escorting—”
Eldavin didn’t wait to hear the rest. He whirled, his eyes alight.
“That’s it! Class?”
“[High Mage]. But she has an Earther and she’s a Revivalist— ”
“That doesn’t matter! Tell her to stuff the Earther somewhere safe. She is to head straight to the Village of the Dead before it’s over and make an entrance. [High Mage]—yes. She’ll assault the undead. Toss a few [Chain Lightning] spells into the fray! Can she do [Blackflame Fireball]? Have her join the adventurers!”
“She’s a Revivalist, Grand Magus!”
“Then I’ll talk to Archmage Naili. Come on, Magus Valeterisa. She will participate as a representative of Wistram—”
“—and if she dies?”
The question came from High Magus Telim. The half-Elf stopped at the door. He looked back at the portly [Mage]. Eldavin raised his brows.
“If she’s careless, it is a possibility. However, she might also level. If she dies, she wasn’t worthy of her rank as High Magus. That’s not a [Mage] that Wistram needs. Also—it’s not one of ours.”
He turned, and was out the door in a moment. The other [Mages] exchanged looks. Valeterisa got up and followed without another word, and soon a luckless Dullahan [High Mage] was receiving the last orders she wanted to hear: participate in a raid in a death-zone, and not to retreat until she’d killed at least a thousand undead.
 
—-
 
“We’re doing it. Flanks are secure again—the undead are piling into the armies in the east. We’re going to do it!”
Levil breathed. He looked around as the setting sun turned the sky orange and red. It had taken hours, but they had survived.
With minimal casualties too! It had begun getting bad when the undead were flooding at them. Gold-ranks had died as well as Silver. However, the arrival of House Veltras had prevented the worst.
Now? He stared at the street. Or rather…two streets.
The Frostmarrow Behemoth had smashed every house flat, thus joining both roads together. While the undead were piled up and some reanimating just because of the ambient death mana, many were on fire, having been covered with oil and lit up to prevent even a chance of them coming back.
