8.18 H
Page 44
Pisces and Ceria nodded, but the half-Elf couldn’t put the song out of her head. It sang on. A warning from her subconscious as clear as day.
 
“Skinner, Skinner, never open his door.
Or soon your bones will lie on this floor.”
 
She shuddered.
“Pisces. I—”
The Frostmarrow Behemoth reared back, onto two legs. It brought its front paws down and struck the houses in front of it with all its weight. Thousands of pounds of force hit the rotting wood—
Thunder. The adventurers staggered with the impact. Yet when they looked up, the Frostmarrow Behemoth was resting its weight on the cracked façade of the old houses.
They hadn’t broken. Ceria saw Eldertuin frown. Adventurers reaching the heart, following the sight of the huge construct of ice and bone, saw the Frostmarrow Behemoth strike again. The wood…cracked…but that was all.
“Pisces.”
The [Necromancer] turned. He felt the death magic in the air humming around him. He felt alive, afraid, hopeful. His thoughts raced about his head as he waited, impatient, for his creation to break open the secrets of this place.
I shall find the secrets of true Necromancy here. I will bring Erin back. I was promised. I will recover the Helm of Fire. I will—
He saw the [Cryomancer], Ceria, looking at him. His old friend was looking at her hand. The hand of bone, skeletal fingers and bone ending where flesh began. She spoke, her voice quivering.
“Pisces. My [Dangersense] went off.”
The young man looked at her.
“Obviously whatever is in the center is…”
He trailed off as the meaning of her words took on a different shape. He looked at her for clarification.
“Your [Dangersense] went off? Had it not been going off already? With the Draugr and…”
The half-Elf shook her head. She had come all this way here, resolute. Borne by urgency, a desire to bring her friend back.
Hope and desperation and courage.
Now—something else seeped in. Just for a second. Ceria remembered.
She didn’t run. She looked at Pisces. Slowly, both of them looked at the heart of the village.
The Frostmarrow Behemoth had reared back a second time, to break through. It collapsed forwards, but the mighty impact never struck the houses standing in a ring.
The frost-and-ivory paws hit the street, with such force they shook the ground. Yet they did not crack the smooth bricks. The huge construct raised its head. It was level with a building, a glass window, dark and empty.
A burning mage-light hung from an iron street-lamp, blown glass letting the inner light shine through. The light burned as the sun’s light faded from the sky.
The houses were gone. Where had stood a small ring of buildings in the center of the labyrinthine village was something else.
Adventurers halted on the dirt and cobblestone street. Ruined buildings, a pathetic village in squalor lay around them. The last of the undead hemmed in street by street, or fighting the army of Izril’s noble families to the east.
Ceria looked at the magical lamp, fit for a mansion, hanging so casually in the street, providing illumination. She looked at the smooth bricks.
Bricks, a pale ocre color, seamlessly joined together. Laid by an expert, with mortar, cement holding them together. A sidewalk on each side. And rising taller than the Frostmarrow Behemoth—
Buildings. Some had glass windows. Others were simply tall with classic shutters. They were not alike. This was true architecture, some with more wealth or craft poured into solid stone or metal; others made of wood.
