8.18 H
Page 14
Revi lay in the mana circle, unable to get up for a few minutes. When she did rise, with Geni’s help, she smiled gratefully at the older woman. She nodded at the village in the distance.
“Can’t…let them show us up that easily, right? When the Shield Spiders wipe, I’ll start calling on smaller summons. Can’t let the rookies beat us.”
“No indeed, my dear.”
Geni lied as she helped Revi stand.
 
—-
 
Indeed. The massed-undead and sneak-attack from every angle was meant to wipe out large, embattled armies. The lack of regeneration was keeping it from being a disaster, but adventurers were falling back.
Falling back to defensive positions to rally.
Falling back, not retreating, but falling—
“We’re falling back, I said!”
One of the Gold-ranks bellowed. The first wave was in retreat. However, something was off. The second wave, which had moved in to support them wasn’t falling back.
“I said, pull back! Are you even listening?”
“No.”
Something burst up from the ground. A pillar of stone; undead rained down around it. The wall of flesh advanced, biting, grabbing for something to kill. The wall ran into a staff. Then—a hand covered in vines.
The wall of undead stopped. Moore strode into them and began tearing them apart. On the other side, the advance halted as well.
“[Whirlwind of Blows]! [Impactful Blows]! Rampage!”
A Raskghar roared—but it wasn’t a Raskghar. Jelaqua advanced, her upgraded steel flail sending bodies flying with all the force of Moore’s blows. As they moved up, the two Halfseekers were covered by a flickering shadow that stabbed Ghouls and other undead trying to hit them from behind. Last of all came the Drake—no, the second Selphid.
“[Sticky Web], [Fire Wheel], [Lightning Bolt], [Acid Orb]…[Acid Orb], [Acid Orb], [Acid Orb], [Acid Orb], [Acid Orb]—”
Ulinde chanted. The [Spellslinger] was throwing multiple spells around from the two wands she held, but then gave up and melted the undead by lobbing the glowing orbs into their back ranks.
The Gold-rank adventurers stopped and realized their retreat was a flight from…nothing.
“Cover our flanks if you don’t want to advance!”
Seborn appeared and snapped at one of the adventurers. Shame-faced, the man waved his team back into position. Of all the Halfseekers—Moore was advancing fastest. He swung his bloody quarterstaff like an axe, face set, as if each blow was a reason for living. Relief. He had already advanced another dozen paces, ignoring the zombies trying to bite through his [Armor of Thorns].
 
—-
 
In another street. Yvlon’s wave began advancing once more. They had just been joined by the second-wave. Their response to the overwhelming undead numbers?
“[Valmira’s Comet].”
Typhenous pointed. A hole appeared in the street. Glowing, melted remains and disintegrated bodies in the path of the spell. The [Mage] bowed, quite courtly.
“Miss Byres?”
“Thanks.”
She stalked forwards. Briganda moved up, striking her hatchet to her shield in a challenging, ringing sound.
“Let’s go! Come on, you lot!”
Adventurers charged once more.
 
—-
 
The third of the three-pronged attacks had stopped dead in its tracks. Undead came from the houses, and they were busy sealing them back up. However, while the third group had stopped—they hadn’t actually retreated.
Again, and again, the undead came. Crypt Lords now, pushing through zombies and Ghouls, squashing them. Skeletons with bows shooting arrows with lethal points, if not accuracy or the same expertise as the living.
They broke. They faltered—they bounced off a line in the sand.
