8.18 H
Page 43
“It’s the death magic. We are barely sustaining it. This place…”
His eyes glittered as he inhaled, and Ceria realized his lack of fatigue was due to more than his fencer’s training. Pisces looked ahead.
“We are closing in on the center. With each step, I feel more power.”
The heart of the village lay beyond. A maze of houses it might be, but Ceria could tell the artificial village was running out of space. Just a few more streets and…
Artificial village? Why had she thought that? Ceria turned her head. Perhaps it was some thought that came to her when she’d been on the Behemoth’s back. Or…
No. Just look at the houses. They were so uniform. So straight and narrow, each street a fighting ground, a killing zone for adventurers or undead.
That was not something natural to Ceria’s world. To Ryoka, it might be more familiar, mass-manufactured houses, planned layouts like the Unseen Empire.
Here, though? Where every [Carpenter] or [Builder] might alter a design? Families put in little improvements, quirks? At least one or two houses should have been torn down, rebuilt.
In a normal village. More thoughts came to the half-Elf, belatedly. Where were the wells? There were none, and the river was far, far too far for this place to survive without water. What about a central hall, upscale buildings by the richer members of the village, even a [Mayor]?
This place was…fake. The houses looked more like undead themselves, the more Ceria looked at them, burned, shattered, or sealed by the adventurers.
They had grown here, piece by piece, along with the dead lured into this trap. Like a fake skin over whatever had really started this place.
The Putrid One.
The Helm of Fire.
A chill began to run down her skin. A familiar…sensation. She had felt this before. This unease.
A little song began playing in her head, although she had never heard it sung. It sounded like her voice. It was her voice.
 
“Skinner, Skinner!
He’ll eat your tails and tear off your skin!
He’ll pluck out your eyeballs and devour your kin!
Skinner, Skinner!
Run while you can!”
 
The Frostmarrow Behemoth had reached a strange place in the Village of Death. A…circular street, unlike all of the straight lines. Houses, joined together to form a wall. Yet as it tore down the street—it came around the other end. It was a perfect circle in the heart of the Village of Death.
“Strange.”
Pisces looked worried as the Frostmarrow Behemoth halted. Down the street came a jet of fire; Keldrass’ team appeared, looking annoyed they’d been beaten. Eldertuin was just a minute behind Ceria’s group.
“What is this? Is there nothing in the center?”
The Drake demanded, clear worry in his voice. Was this all just a waste of time? Pisces shook his head, although uncertainty lingered.
“No. I was told—no. Whatever it is—considering the geography, it must be hidden behind this…circle. The center.”
The Drake nodded, eying the aberration of architecture. He glanced at the Behemoth and couldn’t hide the disgust on his face, but he looked at Pisces.
“Your thing should do the honors. We’ll blast whatever comes out. Named Adventurer?”
He looked more respectfully at Eldertuin. The older man leaned on his tower shield, looking tired, but resolute.
“And here I said I wouldn’t be at the front. Old habits die hard. No adventurer has ever come this far. We never made it past the first two streets. We’d never…”
He looked at Pisces and Ceria, expression troubled. Then he smiled ruefully.
“For all the adventurers before and since—let’s crack this damn place open.”
