8.18 H
Page 8
The antithesis to this kind of battle, obviously. Levil listened. He began to hear…a pattern.
“Third street down! No contact yet—second wave, with me! We’re moving up. Stop running! They don’t need us—yet!”
Briganda shouted. She led the second group of mixed Gold and Silver-ranks forwards at a trot. The other adventurers cheered. Levil didn’t get the updates, but someone actually had a scrying orb and he could hear that attractive Drake talking. Apparently some of the people were from Liscor and had autographs they’d been swapping last night.
“—another street down! But the undead aren’t stopping! There must have been thousands dead already! They’ve packed the streets! Joseph, what do you think?”
“How many Crypt Lords is that, Drassi?”
“My count’s at twenty dead here alone. That’s…a good point. That’s—I want to say that’s a lot of Crypt Lords. Can anyone confirm? Hold on—”
“Wave three. Move in. Follow my directions. I need you to take a side-street and support the first and second waves.”
Soew’s voice made everyone jump. The Gold-rank leader of the third wave checked himself, asked questions for half a minute, then advanced. Levil’s heart jumped, but he waited.
Every time a street was cleared, someone would shout it, and the waiting adventurers would cheer or laugh. Some had even taken bets after the first three had gone down in succession. However, nearly twenty minutes into the fighting, Levil heard the announcements coming in more slowly.
“…if you’re just tuning in…Village of the Dead…that has to be at least a thousand undead. I’m told this a multi-pronged attack. Wait—we have one of our people in studio saying I’m off. Two thousand undead, six hundred and forty eight. Are you serious? There’s so many—”
“Fourth wave!”
Levil heard the shout. He saw their group commander check himself.
“We’re needed. Follow me!”
They entered the Village of the Dead. Levil was closer to the front; he was tasked with casting [Fireball] if he saw a good target and falling back. His wand was raised—
But of course, the first street was already cleared. In fact, Halrac the Grim himself was there, his face classically expressionless, with nearly thirty [Archers]. Levil felt silly as the rest of his team stopped, behind him.
“Where’s the fighting?”
One adventurer asked eagerly. Inside the Village of the Dead, they could hear the fighting at last. In the distance, it sounded like. They were already moving past the [Archers], but Halrac stopped them.
“Halt. You’re needed here.”
Confused, the fourth wave of adventurers stopped. Halrac was talking with the adventurer in charge. He seemed to know the captain.
“Nailren. Yvlon’s wave is stymied in the fighting. Too many intersections. They want us to start clearing out undead. There are at least ten thousand visible.”
The Gnoll Silver-rank growled.
“You must be joking. How many are in the streets?”
“They’re packed. They want us on the roofs—the [Mages] are using targeting spells, but we need a line of sight or at least a good position.”
The Gnoll [Archer] nodded. The adventurer shifted as the two conferred. What was the problem? Halrac eyed the house behind him. He lifted the speaking stone to his lips.
“Strategist Soew. Are you sure the houses are clear?”
“I had [Dangersense]-capable adventurers check them. They went into thirteen; all have been empty. I am keeping some adventurers checking, but we have seen nothing.”
Halrac folded his arms.
“I don’t like it. That’s why you’re here, Nailren.”
The Gnoll nodded, quick to adapt. He shouted.
