8.18 H
Page 25
Yet she knew her friends were fighting in the streets. It was so unnaturally silent, though. At least—from the village.
Around her was nothing but noise. Mortal noise, though. Marching boots, horses, the clash of steel—shouting officers.
Above it all came a voice, calm, addressing Jericha and the small group behind the deploying forces.
“I do not care to make this an event. However—Hethon, Sammial?”
“Yes! Yes!”
“I want to be on the scrying orb!”
Lord Tyrion Veltras stared down at his sons, bouncing as they sat in one of House Veltras’ carriages. Only Jericha and Ryoka had exited; the two boys were prohibited from doing so. Eight of House Veltras’ retainers were standing guard as well, and they were well behind the lines of House Veltras’ forces.
Eight thousand [Soldiers]. It was a lot. A lot—and a little. Ryoka chewed on her lip as she watched the cavalry, led by Lord Tyrion himself, set up. The [Lord] eyed his sons and nodded at Jericha.
“Leave it.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
With that, he turned to Ryoka. The [Lord] gestured down at the Village of the Dead.
“It appears the adventurers are already engaged. Miss Griffin, do you believe they can hold their position? If the scrying orb is to be believed, they are pressed but not in danger.”
“I—don’t know. Maybe? I’m not an adventurer. Why?”
Ryoka stared up at Tyrion. The Lord of House Veltras sat there. With all the [Soldiers] he had been able to march here in two days’ short notice. She knew it had been an incredibly outrageous request, and Jericha had said as much.
However, Lord Tyrion had agreed! Not just that; he had come in person, using his Skills to make the journey possible.
The fact that his sons were here made Ryoka incredibly nervous, but Lord Tyrion had refused to leave them behind. It hadn’t helped that when Hethon and Sammial heard they might get to see an adventurer raid, they’d begged to be brought along.
“I intend to assault the Village of Death from the east. The undead will be diverted, assuming their numbers are finite. A classic pincer movement. However, I will support the adventurers if need be.”
Lord Tyrion glanced at two [Strategists] already setting up a war table. He looked back at the young Asian woman standing on the grass with her bare feet.
The Courier. Also—Ryoka Griffin. Whom he was asking for…strategic advice? Ryoka’s mouth worked.
“I—don’t know. Whatever you think is best.”
Tyrion hesitated, then his head inclined slightly, as if he was surprised by the lack of insight Ryoka was showing. He looked at Hethon and Sammial.
“Do not leave the carriage, you two. Jericha must coordinate the [Mages]. You are to remain here and watch the scrying orb.”
“I want to see up close!”
“No.”
All three adults spoke at once. Ryoka looked at Tyrion.
“I’ll—I’ll stay with them, Lord Tyrion. I’m not a warrior anyways. Thank you. But do you think eight thousand is…”
Enough? Jericha turned her head and fixed Ryoka with another of her now-classic glares she wore half the time Ryoka was speaking.
Lord Tyrion Veltras himself frowned. He leaned on the pommel of his saddle as Hethon and Sammial gave Ryoka looks of incredulity.
“Eight thousand was all the available [Soldiers] who could immediately join us without stripping garrisons. If you believe it is not enough…”
“No! I mean—this is already more than I could have asked! I just—”
Ryoka had the amazing ability to put her foot in her mouth. She should have been a [Gymnast], if she had classes. However, she was spared from apologizing further as the [Lord] nodded.
