8.18 H
Page 23
A skeleton stabbed him in the back. Or tried to; Ksmvr’s tough carapace thanks to the Barkskin ring he wore, and the cloak he was wearing blocked the knife-strike. The others leapt on him, stabbing as the Antinium thrashed.
“Ksmvr!”
Halrac shot an arrow at the armored skeleton before it could attack too, but he couldn’t risk a shot in the melee. He watched the Antinium fighting, unable to help.
 
—-
 
“Bone Horrors and more bone-type undead coming in! They’re climbing and they jump! Watch your heads!”
Soew listened to the shouting. Now, the undead weren’t just fighting from street to street. The neat and tidy battle on all four fronts was devolving into a defensive battle where the undead could come over the roofs, from the houses…
Have I fallen into a trap as a [Strategist]? They presented me with advantageous ground and now it reverses.
The Owl Beastkin [Strategist] spoke, her voice measured, logical.
“Adventurers Pisces, Ceria. Please take your force to link up with Eldertuin’s. Attack 1—you will link with Attack 2. We can no longer risk fighting on four fronts. We will attack from the west and ensure our flanks are guarded.”
“Acknowledged!”
That came from Attack 1’s leader, but Yvlon’s voice broke in.
“Regroup? If we’re all together, the undead will just flood our positions.”
“They are already doing so.”
Soew pointed out. The undead were without quantifiable limit so far. Yvlon replied tersely.
“I’d like you to consider letting us hold, Soew. We’re not buckling—yet.”
“Why hold?”
“Because they might want us to group up before something else arrives.”
The [Strategist] considered this. Her instinctual moves, which had earned her respect and won the day on other raids…she tilted her head ninety degrees.
“Acknowledged. Hold ground. I repeat, ignore last orders. [Improved Bracing]—Attack 1, you have eight minutes to make use of my Skill.”
“Got it. Holding put!”
The Owl-woman said nothing. She studied the map and the village from her position outside. Slowly—she began to shift her tactics, as if she was fighting against an intelligent opponent. She did not like this. Monster-slaying was her forte. She had not been able to pay for a class at the Titan’s academy in [Strategist] versus [Strategist] combat.
“Soew. Strategist Soew. Come in.”
This voice was Eldertuin’s. Soew changed speaking stones instantly.
“What is it? Report.”
“I think we’re seeing the next phase of the undead attacks. My group hasn’t moved back—”
“I am aware of the bone-type undead. [Archer] and [Mage] groups are taking out high-priority targets. Do you need to fall back?”
The Named Adventurer’s voice was terse. Soew heard an impact and he snapped a reply.
“No. That’s not what I meant. The zombies. They’re—running. There’s a command-type undead out there! The Crypt Lords are rallying them!”
Soew digested this as more groups began reporting the same thing.
The threat is increasing each time. Across all attack groups. This is coordinated.
The zombies, which had until now been shambling forwards, strong, menacing if they grabbed you, but slow, had begun to run. Not all could, but those with enough muscle left began sprinting alongside the Ghouls.
Crypt Lords. Commanding undead. They were still zombies, but now the adventurers were facing a much, much faster foe.
From bad to worse. Soew’s eyes flicked left and right. There was no question now. Retreat or regroup? The running zombies meant that if the adventurers tried to run, they’d be fighting all the way out.
