8.18 H
Page 12
Insill wailed, the Drake [Rogue] slashing around him. Pekona just slashed undead in half, the [Blade Dancer] cutting down a score in an ever-widening circle by herself.
“Where are the Horns?”
For some reason, Larr, their Gnollish [Archer] wanted to know. He growled as he shot; already spells were blasting undead to pieces. He snarled at Anith, their Jackal Beastkin leader.
“Where are the Horns? Where’s Eldertuin the Fortress? Elia Arcsinger? All these Gold-ranks can’t detect an ambush or deal with these undead? I don’t see them taking the lead for all their talk! They’re just one of the teams out here! Tell me they’re further in—”
“Nailren, help incoming. Don’t move from your spot.”
A female voice spoke out of the stone on the Gnoll’s wrist. Levil recognized it. What did she mean by that, th—
One of the houses exploded as a huge paw made of ice and bone smashed through it. Undead were crushed under a single crushing blow. Then the other paw came down.
Levil, the Pithfire Hounds, Vuliel Drae, and the other adventurers looked up. A huge, bestial bear-monstrosity roared, and the sound was that of avalanches and grinding ice. Its body was made of ivory. Ivory—coated in ice.
Instantly, Levil raised his wand and fired a [Flame Arrow] at the face. He didn’t know what undead that was, but—
Nailren grabbed his arm.
“Don’t! That’s on our side!”
“What? That’s undead!”
Levil bellowed back. The Gnoll didn’t bother explaining. He just pointed and Levil saw the giant creation move.
The giant undead was on all fours, so vast it was taller than the uniform houses of the village. It was shaped like a bear—if a bear had been upgraded to be even more destructive and monstrous. Then, someone had taken the frame of the Bone Behemoth and coated it in ice instead of flesh.
Frostmarrow Behemoth. It tore through the first house and rammed through the second without slowing. Undead in its way turned to paste. The adventurers saw it circle, clumsily—then run down a street. It didn’t need to even attack; it just crushed the undead with its sheer weight. It turned again, and began tearing another house apart.
Levil stared so long that it was Ullica’s turn to shake his shoulder. He raised his wand and began blasting undead with a will.
The momentum had turned. The ambushed fourth wave didn’t just have the Frostmarrow Behemoth to thank, although it was more than enough. However—all the resistance on the other end of the street was vanishing too.
Levil saw walls of ice shooting upwards, covering the fronts of the trapped houses. At the same time, the massed undead who’d climbed out began collapsing. He saw a Ghoul turn—then its neck snapped. It fell, dead, and only then did Levil catch sight of the two [Mages] running to relieve the fighters.
Ceria pointed, and [Ice Walls] blocked undead in the houses. By her side, Pisces held his rapier in one hand. However, he hadn’t bothered to use it yet—he just pointed and undead fell, necks snapped. A skeleton resisted the blow, so the [Necromancer] lifted his rapier and stabbed it through the eye-socket.
“Where’s Yvlon?”
“Up ahead—she’s fine. We’re going that way. Control the Frostmarrow Behemoth! You’re getting it lost!”
“I’m sorry if I’m directionally challenged when you say ‘that way’, oh great and glorious captain—”
The two squabbling [Mages] shouted at each other. They strode down the street as the Frostmarrow Behemoth whirled. Then Ceria lifted her fingers.
“Let’s go, then!”
