8.18 H
Page 11
She knew the old woman was right. She was looking bad; the other [Mages] were glancing at her and she was a veteran! The [Summoner] tried to relax, but Revi was antsy. She hadn’t summoned anything—because Soew hadn’t asked her to, or a wave leader. Her mana ran out, so she was standing in the spell circles which ambiently drew mana from the environment, perfect for [Mages]. She was waiting.
As it turned out, she didn’t have to wait long. Revi didn’t know what triggered the change—maybe Halrac’s volleys from the rooftop. But then she heard half a dozen horn calls from the scrying orb.
Not from the distant village. It was too silent. The speaking stones chattered to life in an instant. Revi heard multiple voices, all screaming the same thing.
“—out of the houses! I thought you ch—”
“Give me bombardment on my street! We’re falling back! I’m at—”
“—fucking everywh—”
Her head rose. Revi’s cotton-skin crawled. She mouthed the word at the same time as everyone else.
Ambush.
 
—-
 
Levil’s wave was about to go and join the fighting on the front, having seen Halrac’s group onto the roofs when the ambush occurred.
He even saw it happening. The [Fire Mage]’s head turned. He felt it.
“Nailren! I’m getting a huge magical signature—is someone casting a spell?”
The Gnoll halted. The adventurers lifted their weapons.
“I feel it too! What is that?”
A [Mage] pointed. Every head turned to…the abandoned houses.
“Oh shit. Oh fuck. Halrac was right!”
Keima muttered. The adventurers looked around. What was coming? Invisible undead? Levil’s eyes were wide—an adventurer loosed an arrow, but it struck nothing?
From the ground? He stared down, and another adventurer shook her head. A Dwarf? Dasha of Vuliel Drae raised her voice.
“I’ve got [Tremorsense]! I don’t sense ‘em below us! What’s the magic?”
“It’s—”
Levil had no formal magical schooling. He had no way of identifying the nuance in the spell, only aware it was there. The answer came in a moment anyways.
He saw a golden flash of light. Blinding—the [Fire Mage] raised his hand to his eyes. When he lowered it—there they were.
Undead. They filled the house he had blasted open. So tightly bunched-up that some instantly spilled out of the house. Ghouls, zombies, skeletons—again, lesser undead. But so many. And that was one house.
“Shit.”
Levil recoiled. He raised his wand, and a jet of flame lashed out instantly. It burned through the crowd ahead of him. Then Levil turned his head.
Every house in the street had just filled up. Now—out the undead came.
“Halrac! Undead below you! Get back! Everyone, fall back!”
Nailren bellowed. He swung up his bow and loosed a shot which turned into three. The scatter-shot Skill blasted zombies backwards.
“Mass teleportation? That’s impossible! That’s—”
Ullica, the other [Mage] in the Pithfire Hounds, had gone into hysterics. Two adventurers near him were just staring, transfixed. Levil whirled.
“Ullica! Fight! [Fireball]!”
The detonation and blast of heat and force snapped the other adventurers out of it. Silver-ranks fought to desperately stem the flow of undead from the houses. Insill, Dasha, Pekona, Larr, and Anith, the entire team of Vuliel Drae, were fighting with the Pithfire Hounds. Back-to-back in a circle in the street.
Halrac’s group was now surrounded by climbing undead. They were loosing enchanted arrows all around them, killing countless undead with each arrow, but Ghouls were climbing with skeletons.
“We’re dead!”
