8.18 H
Page 19
Pisces smiled superiorly and flicked his finger. Ceria saw the Draugr’s neck twist—
It didn’t break. The undead kept charging. Pisces frowned. He snapped his fingers. The neck twisted again and Ceria heard something tearing, maybe a bone cracking? Yet the Draugr kept running.
“Er—”
Ceria swore as she conjured a wall of ice. The Draugr ran into it with a crash that both of them felt.
 
—-
 
Ksmvr observed the new threat with clinical interest. He fired a crossbow point-blank; the Draugr staggered as the bolt hit it, but its body was tough! It had no armor, being a bare-chested Human woman, garments long rotted, rotting front betraying wriggling maggots.
However, to kill it—Ksmvr fired again. The bolt went through the roof of her mouth but failed to hit the brain. He didn’t get a chance to reload the crossbows; the Draugr swung a fist.
Ksmvr stepped back, keeping out of range as the huge undead swung, missing the nimbler [Skirmisher]. He raised his buckler and absorbed one punch on the Forceshield.
“Considerable impact. Likely fatal to Silver-ranks if struck on vulnerable points. Fast—”
He hopped back as the Draugr woman charged, head down.
“—but not excessively so. Slower than a Ghoul. Easily manageable with any Gold-rank team. However…”
He stared down the street as six more Draugr charged at him. Ksmvr withdrew the Flamecoat Dagger, slashed the Draugr once. The undead woman burst into flame as the dagger touched her arm. Ksmvr turned and began running.
However, there were a lot of them.
 
—-
 
Draugr. Niers felt a slight crawl on his skin. Not from personal fear of course. Just an unpleasant memory of such undead.
In large numbers, too. He’d seen undead hordes where a hundred Draugr might be present, but that was a full-scale disaster. There were a lot of them attacking the adventurers.
What bothered him was the timing. Niers could picture his own assault on the Village of Death. He spoke, his voice low, unable to be heard over the commentary on the scrying orb—although Drassi and Joseph often just watched with everyone else—to his only audience.
“If I didn’t have a way to neutralize the regenerating undead—I wouldn’t be stupid enough to let those houses stand. On the other hand, if they rebuilt themselves, I would have to barricade houses teleporting in those undead. My army’s deadlocked with so many undead on the street. That’s when the Draugr come in—”
He felt another tingle on his skin. That…he didn’t like that. He turned to regard his newest pupil.
Apista might have been listening—or she was just doing that weird bee thing where they opened and closed their mandibles, chewing on some nectar or whatnot.
“Someone thought out how to break an army here. Whoever made this place did all this on purpose. The only flaw is the regeneration factor going out.”
Apista waggled an antennae in thoughtful agreement. Niers eyed her. He sighed, and stared down over the side of the beam.
 
—-
 
Below, Rags had come to the same conclusion as Niers. She did not need Drassi telling her Draugr were dangerous to see the proof with her own eyes.
What Rags was curious about was how they held up to a Gold-rank adventurer. She watched, learning, observing. What she saw was—
 
—-
 
Yvlon stumbled, forced back by the pure brute strength of the Draugr. She stared at her sword in its heart, a killing blow. However, the Draugr had kept coming and Yvlon had been forced to let go to avoid being struck in the head.
