8.18 H
Page 6
It was an event. No—it was the event of the hour. It was also live, so it meant it was the event the world needed to see. Real news.
In fact, it was so much more important than any other conceivable thing in the world at this very moment that this truth of television became a self-fulfilling truth in actuality.
Two vast armies were lined up on arid ground. The heat of the long summer had baked the earth a bit too much, so that it became too close to sand in places; treacherous footing in an engagement that might mean life or death when a single misstep would provoke an opening.
Accordingly, the heavy-infantry of one army had been staggered, to bait a chariot charge from the heavy-contingent of Stitchfolk on the other side into the difficult terrain for wheeled vehicles.
The King of Destruction was facing another of Nerrhavia’s armies, and the hordes of Nerrhavia’s Fallen had begun to push even Reim by sheer weight of its powerful military, if not any one single victory.
Tense Hemp-caste [Soldiers] were waiting, as their counterparts of Reim held their position, having thunderously cheered as their [King] took up a position close to the front in the vanguard with his two subordinates, Venith Crusland and Maresar Crusland.
The Stitchfolk [General], arrayed with his Silk-caste command, was waiting for Reim to charge on his entrenched position. Yet no attack had come in the last fifteen minutes.
Now—he watched the messenger with the white flag stop and hand something to his people. It was conveyed to him after a long wait of minutes where it was analyzed for hostile spells, poison, or the like.
Yet from the King of Destruction? The [General] was not surprised it was a letter, but he had no idea what it could be until he unfolded it. He read it to his subordinates out loud.
 
General Murab, I greet you with all due civility and whatnot, to present you with an appealing offer. 
Although our respective Kingdoms are at war, and I have sworn to carry the battle to Nerrhavia’s heart, and no doubt your [Queen] has instructed you to take my head—would you consider a temporary ceasefire for a day, that we might watch the raid on the Village of the Dead? 
I would consider it a great personal favor, as it is, I’m sure you’ll agree, not to be missed. If you agree, I shall pull back my army until this event is over, upon which time we will reengage. Do let me know by raising a flag of truce if you agree.
            –Flos Reimarch, King of Reim
 
General Murab slowly peered at the distant [King], and saw a hand wave at him. He turned to his [Strategist], and then glanced at the scrying orb with similar coverage of the event in his tent. He cleared his throat, uncertainly.
 
—-
 
The King of Destruction was not the only monarch to halt an impending battle due to the raid, strangely. High King Perric himself negotiated a similar truce with Fetohep of Khelt. Both monarchs sat back, with drink or company or simply a scrying device.
Not just them; the Titan of Baleros, the Cyclops of Pallass, King Itorin II of Ailendamus and his royal family, the Bannermare of Baleros, Admiral Seagrass, the Blighted King and Queen…
They watched. For sport or amusement or because it might aid them in some way. However, for some—it was more than idle curiosity or a desire to be part of a communal event.
Nsiia sat cross-legged, ignoring everything but the broadcast. It might surprise many to hear of it, given that a war of far greater scale was ongoing. However, those people forgot who these [Kings] and [Queens] had been. Perric, Flos, Fetohep, Nsiia—
