8.18 H
Page 31
Gemhammer, Briganda, and the second rank surged forwards with a cheer. They pressed the undead back in a minute of furious fighting—two—
Fight, fall back and rest! Briganda hadn’t been sure when they appointed her a wave leader, but she was a veteran and knew how to fight with regular adventurers. They were nearly at the end of the street when a hand yanked her back. Briganda stumbled back from the street corner and saw the Gnoll adventurer had grabbed her.
“What are y—”
Flame blasted down the street. A huge swathe of it; not from her side, but from the other end. Every undead became an unliving candle in a moment, those that didn’t just vanish.
“Dead gods! Who the hell is that?”
Briganda shouted, feeling the heat cook her skin and armor. She heard a shout in the distance.
“Flamewardens—hold! Hold! Friendlies ahead!”
She turned the corner, passing flaming corpses, and saw scorched ground; houses engulfed in flame. She saw another group of adventurers advancing.
The Flamewardens had pushed so far with their wave due to a single tactic. Draugr? Bone Horrors? Trapped houses?
The Oldblood Drakes, joined by some other Drakes capable of the same trick, just opened their mouths and breathed fire, lightning, or other magical effects. They were panting as the second group of Briganda’s adventurers linked up.
“Street secured, Captain Keldrass!”
One of the Drakes barked with military precision. Keldrass was ordering more of his Gnoll-and-Drake adventurers to hold the new intersection as Briganda strolled over.
“Hey! Nearly cooked us! You’re—Keldrass, right?”
The Drake and Human woman regarded each other, both a bit dubiously. Briganda grinned; stuck out a hand. She had to sheath her hatchet, and Keldrass lowered his mace. He wore armor. Plate armor, thick, and carried a huge shield like the rest of his team. They were heavies. They went in, relying on their magical breath as well as their gear.
“Keldrass. Apologies; we thought you’d be further ahead.”
The Drake was panting, leaking smoke. Briganda knew he was Attack 1. If he was here…
“How many streets did you clear?”
She eyed the houses the Drakes had set aflame, rather than bother with clearing or blocking them. Keldrass growled, taking a drink of a curious tonic. He spat, cursing, as the foul liquid went down.
“Eight! Why is your group bogged down here? This entire raid has bogged down!”
“Eight?”
Briganda was startled. This was their third street! She looked at Keldrass’ group. They’d been fighting hard.
“Trust Humans to take it easy. The plan was to have reached the heart by now!”
Another of the Flamewardens growled, coughing. Some of the adventurers behind Briganda bristled at his tone. The woman herself smiled—then reached out and tapped the Drake on the plate armor.
“Hey, Scaleboy. Watch how you talk about your fellow adventurers. We’re all in this together.”
Affronted, the Drake stepped back. Briganda looked at Keldrass’ group again. She eyed the tired Humans and other species, who’d kept pace with the Drakes and motioned to Keldrass.
“The raid’s slowed because the plan’s changed. We were supposed to blitz in and out—until we realized the undead don’t come back. Also because it’s not the Horns alone. They never expected so many teams. Our groups can’t move as fast as yours. For that matter—why don’t you slow down, huh? Let our group take over; we’re fresh.”
“You think we need to rest? We can do this all day! If Selys had been able to loan us the Heartflame Breastplate we’d have cleared twice as many streets—”
