8.18 H
Page 42
The adventurers were on the move once more. No undead teleporting from houses. The streets were far less crowded. The Village of the Dead might have had hundreds of thousands of undead over the years.
Well, they had died crammed up like bugs in a basket, and without the immortality-effect, the adventurers and armies had reaped a full harvest. After rallying, resting, and replenishing their Skills, the adventurers were ready.
“Enough waiting around. Let’s get to the heart of this place.”
Elia Arcsinger stood on a roof and spoke, to cheers from the adventurers in her wave. She pointed, posing with her bow—although she did not actually join the first wave ready to go in once more. She was an [Archer]; she’d be fighting from above.
Ceria and Pisces’ group had cleared enough streets to join their group to Elia’s. Ceria looked up at the Named Adventurer as she drank a mana potion. She herself had found a burnt-out wall to sit behind—then promptly decided to raise [Ice Walls] to do her business. She’d eaten, although she couldn’t remember what.
She felt a bit shaky with tiredness, but she was ready. She pushed herself up as Pisces rose. He was in better shape than she was, despite having used his rapier—no. Maybe because of that. He’d split his exertions between the physical and magical.
“Ready?”
Cheering adventurers were forming up behind Eldertuin. He had been joined by four huge Golems, like the ones Magnolia Reinhart owned. Steel—no, iron? Not as expensive as the Terlands could afford to field, but four of them had smashed through the undead to protect him.
“Ready.”
Pisces rose to his feet, wiping his mouth as he lowered the canteen of soup.
Across the city, the adventurers were pushing in again. Jelaqua, in a new body, was whirling her flail, having already worn out one body and weapon already.
Halrac had taken a new position with his [Archers] and was conserving magical arrows, watching Yvlon cut her way forwards once more with Zenol and Dorgon.
Ksmvr sat, discussing mobile-tactics with the two Drakes, Dullahan, and Tomoor. They were waiting for someone to call for help.
Briganda marched up with her adventurers, giving Keldrass’ group time to recharge their flame breath.
Even old Typhenous was fighting with Levil, stabbing a Ghoul that had tried to jump them from behind.
Pisces and Ceria watched as Eldertuin strode forwards. He and the four Golems cut into the undead, bashing them down as adventurers joined them. Elia loosed an arrow to more cheers. It was a magnificent sight. The kind of thing you’d see in a picture book.
However—Ceria glanced sideways. Eldertuin halted, and glanced up, past a roof.
The Frostmarrow Behemoth stomped forwards, squishing undead like rats in front of an elephant. It opened its maw, swallowed a Bone Horror and began chewing it to pieces. Ceria and Pisces waved, and their group advanced in the wake of the construct, killing anything not run flat by the rampage.
Somehow, theirs was the team with the most firepower, which even Keldrass’ team couldn’t equal. Ceria looked up at the glistening ice on the Frostmarrow Behemoth. She had ‘regrown’ its body, repairing damage in the fight.
“I don’t understand. It’s been…five hours? Six? We should be bleeding our brains out our noses trying to keep it up for so long.”
“What a charming image.”
Pisces grumbled as he stabbed a half-squashed Draugr in the neck a few times. He shook his head, looking at the Frostmarrow Behemoth. Both had used mana potions and Ceria knew the cost was split between them. However…
