8.18 H
Page 26
“You may be correct. We will see. As I told you, I have no intention of leading House Veltras’ soldiers into a pointless, bloody conflict.”
Ryoka’s heart skipped. He had said as much from the outset. Nor could she ask him to kill his people. She didn’t want that. She didn’t want…
Her friends to die. Tyrion regarded her. At last, he nodded.
“We will begin the advance. Eight thousand is no small number when it comes to House Veltras’ forces. Nor will we be alone. Jericha—take command of setting up fortifications. I will begin sortieing now.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras. Luck to you!”
Jericha saluted him. He lifted the tip of his lance. Jericha stared at Ryoka. She coughed as Tyrion began to ride away. Ryoka blinked. Then she raised her voice awkwardly.
“Um—good luck! Thank you!”
Tyrion turned in his saddle and made the same gesture. Ryoka lifted her hand lamely. Hethon and Sammial, still in the coach, exchanged glances.
They were now convinced the Wind Runner alternated between amazing and embarrassingly weird.
 
—-
 
Reinforcements had arrived? Good!
A skeleton punched him in the jaw. Ksmvr punched back, and was rewarded by searing heat as his dagger went through the nasal cavity in its skull. However, now he was fighting a skeleton on fire.
Regrettable mistakes. I have overreached. However, if I die, reinforcements are here.
Taking comfort from that, Ksmvr heaved and the skeleton fell away. Yet the press on him didn’t let up. He tried to get up and they dragged him down, by the cloak he wore.
Cloaks were a mistake. I should have made it easy to remove. Ksmvr struggled and felt another kiss of steel. It lodged in his side; stuck.
The only reason he was alive was his Barkskin ring. The skeletons were grappling with him, and neither they nor Ksmvr were able to employ the full weight behind a thrust or strike.
That was about to change. A Bone Crawler leapt on Ksmvr, teeth and claw-like ‘ribs’ slashing at him. He kept the Forceshield in front, between him and it, but felt it already begin to lacerate his front.
Is this how I die? The [Skirmisher] felt a moment of…panic? He thought he was unafraid of death. But who would protect Yvlon, Ceria, and Pisces? What would they say if he—
“[Evasive Flip]!”
The Bone Crawler and Ksmvr—flipped. He staggered; found himself on his feet. Not like this. He felt hands grab him as he tried to jump. They dragged him down.
A crossbow fired.
[Power Shot]. It killed some of them, but Ksmvr was still trapped. He wondered if this was how Crossbow Stan had felt. He…they weren’t even Crelers. Just skeletons.
Dragging him down to the street, where a Bone Horror waited, half its body…opened, to let him fall into the maw of bones.
“No.”
Ksmvr dropped the crossbow, reaching for something. Acid, at this range? He flailed, trying to shake them off. Another undead leapt onto the roof. Ksmvr heard a sound. A voice.
“[Like a Lion, He Leapt].”
A sword flashed. The skeletons at Ksmvr’s back fell away, severed. Ksmvr whirled. He saw gleaming, brown skin, a beautiful smile.
Prince Zenol flourished with his sword and killed another skeleton. He pivoted, pirouetting under a second skeleton and just bumped it with his shoulder. The skeleton went flying into the Bone Horror below, who happily crunched it up.
The flashy [Prince] turned, and cut another undead apart. Ksmvr was surprised. He grabbed his crossbow, hurled the other two attackers off him, and rearmed himself with a fresh crossbow as his shortsword stabbed a skeleton in the head.
“Prince Zenol?”
