8.18 H
Page 9
“Fighting formation! Let’s cover Adventurer Halrac! I need volunteers—no. Just knock the walls down, yes? Who’s got a hammer? Spells?”
Two adventurers, including the [Axewoman] and Keima, who was an [Axe Fighter], instantly volunteered. Levil raised his voice.
“I’ve got [Fireball]! Let me! Where do you want it?”
Halrac’s gaze swung to Levil. He inspected a house; pointed.
“Blow the wall down.”
It took three [Fireballs], which taxed Levil and surprised him. The houses were sturdy. However, the smoldering hole revealed nothing but a rotten inside. Halrac grunted. He had been covering the entrance; meanwhile, Nailren had set more to breaking down doors.
Eight homes—all empty. Just as Soew had said. The [Strategist] was talking to Halrac when Levil, panting, lowered the mana potion from his lips. He probably shouldn’t have made it seem like casting [Fireball] in quick succession was easy.
“Nothing. We are boarding up the doors as we go, or sealing them with wall-spells, Captain Halrac. I am not a fool. However, our assumption was the Village of the Dead was on a time-limit so we did not secure our flanks. If the undead truly aren’t regenerating, perhaps we should consider stopping and fortifying after an hour and making this a loss-less war of attrition?”
“Maybe. I don’t like the empty houses. How many casualties so far?”
“Three. Silver-ranks, all.”
Halrac made a sound. He kept staring into the empty houses, but the adventurers who’d gone in—all [Rogues] or [Thieves]—hadn’t detected traps.
Levil chanced a glance into the homes. This Village of the Dead was…unsettling. He understood Halrac’s worry.
It looked like a humble, villager’s home. Albeit one long gone to rot. The floorboards were old, covered in mold or black…something. There was furniture, what little of it remained, even glass swallowed by spider webs. Dust—
Even so. Halrac was talking to Nailren.
“I’ve fought undead before. I know one more tactic they might be using—burrowing. How sure are we they’re not going to tunnel up and attack from below?”
The Gnoll bared his teeth.
“I’m from Pallass, Captain Halrac, yes? I know how our army lost against the Goblin Lord in the mountains. I checked; there aren’t any noticeable holes or undead—even in the root cellars or basements.”
The Gold-rank [Veteran Scout] bit his lip. However, he had put several of the adventurer-archers to climbing one of the roofs to lob enchanted arrows at the street beyond already. He just…didn’t like it.
Neither did Levil, the longer he stared into one of the empty houses. The fact that there were absolutely no undead within bothered him. He expected the houses to be filled! The streets had been so congested with bodies that they’d had to be piled to one side or destroyed just so adventurers could march through.
And yet…nothing. Halrac lifted the stone.
“Captain Halrac, we need your [Archers]. Two of the four attacking waves are falling back.”
“Why?”
His brows snapped together. Soew’s voice was calm—but insistent.
“Overwhelming undead.”
Levil heard an oath. He saw someone pointing at the scrying orb and saw the view the rest of the world was getting—ironically better than his.
 
—-
 
A wave of undead was forcing Yvlon’s team back. Mrsha clung to Ulvama, squeezing her so hard—and Selys, clinging to them. Both ignored her sharp claws, as intent on the battle as everyone else.
“Ancestors.”
Selys had seen undead fighting in the battle with Skinner, and rarely before that. However—this wasn’t Skinner’s thousands. This was—
“Fall back!”
