8.18 H
Page 36
Besides, the two boys needed someone to watch them besides the guards. Jericha was fighting, sending magic raining down on the undead. Hethon and Sammial though—they were nervous.
At first they had cheered their father, so cleverly taking the army to pieces. Luxuriating in the praise a Balerosian [Strategist] gave after the Pallassian one was shut up. However, now?
“He’s not going to lose, is he?”
Hethon stared at the [Lord] riding at the head of the tiny vanguard of humanity. Ryoka bit her tongue before replying.
“Of course not.”
“He’s not going to! He’s not!”
Sammy punched his brother’s arm as if saying it was a crime. The two boys looked at their father, though. Ryoka saw their thoughts as clearly as if they were her own.
Children. Watching their immortal, ever-victorious parent show frailty. Flaws. If only by comparison, seeing how Tyrion had to retreat from the undead. Fearing, understanding what might happen if he was hemmed in.
The lesson here was something everyone learned in time. It still hurt Ryoka’s chest to see. She reached out and gripped the boys’ shoulders.
“He’ll be fine. He has artifacts and those are zombies. I could beat them. Probably.”
Hethon and Sammial looked at her, taking reassurance from that. Sammy looked back at the battle.
“It’s not fair. If father had even a fourth as many [Soldiers], he’d win. In a fair battle he’ll always win. Monsters don’t fight fair.”
He declared, arrogantly. Ryoka looked at him. In the stress of the moment, she let her tongue slip.
“Monsters don’t fight fair? No kidding. Is fire hot?”
Sammial hesitated. Hethon blinked—then hid a smile. No one spoke to Sammy like that. Ryoka bit her tongue. It was stress. It was—
Oh, who was she kidding? It was just her. Ryoka turned back to the battle.
“If he did have more time—I should have come here first. I thought there would be more.”
“More [Soldiers]?”
Hethon was uncertain, as if Ryoka was attacking Lord Tyrion’s commitment to…what, her? Ryoka half-shook her head.
“No, eight thousand from House Veltras—it’s more than I could have asked. I just thought there would be…more.”
Both boys peered at her. Then, Sammial Veltras sat up. His head turned away from the scrying orb and the carriage window. He blinked at something through the walls of the coach and turned to Hethon and Ryoka.
“Someone’s coming.”
He announced it solemnly, with perfect conviction. Ryoka eyed him.
“Who?”
“I don’t know. Someone.”
He said it without sight, without knowledge. Ryoka’s skin tingled as Hethon looked uncertainly at Sammial. Aura. Which meant…
“Stay here.”
She opened the carriage door and stepped outside. The roar of battle was louder, now. The voices of each commander were still steady, the thwap of bows loosing arrow after arrow louder.
Younger boys and girls were running to wagons and to the [Archers], dumping sheaves of arrows out of bags of holding. The fighting [Soldiers] were being relieved; an entire group of weary [Pikemen] took a break on the grass as their leader exhorted them.
The undead filled the ground, coming up the hill. Ryoka heard the trebuchets firing, barely making a dent in the sea of glowing eyes. She tore her eyes away from the village, from the [Lord] fighting, circling, charging.
Then she heard the piercing sound fill the air.
Jericha looked up, and followed Ryoka’s gaze. The Wind Runner stood next to the carriage and looked to the north. She smiled. In relief. The [Mage] whirled—ready to meet a threat. However, the piercing whistle was familiar. She frowned.
“That flute. That can’t be—”
