8.18 H
Page 38
She watched as it burst into flame, the oil-soaked cloth set alight. Not by a Skill, not by an aura.
But look at that. They haven’t forgotten so quickly.
He had come, because Ryoka had made a few good points. However, the real reason the leader of the House of El had come was because of her.
For a second, Ryoka thought she could see the [Lady] riding with the banner held in her hands. Then—it vanished. She saw a strange sight.
Eighteen coaches raced down the slopes as Lord Tyrion peeled away, watching. The mass of the undead was slowly turning to the new threat. However…were the House of El sending coaches into the undead a la Magnolia Reinhart’s style?
No. As they were about to collide, the coaches swerved. The lead one, with the burning flag mounted on it turned, the [Coach Driver] urging the well-trained horses to race past the undead. As he did—the side of the coach opened up.
The entire wall slid apart, the wood panels moving via clever mechanisms inside. Inside the packed coach, a line of men and women holding crossbows stood up.
They began firing. Ryoka saw the first rank of undead fold up. She saw flashes as the bolts exploded in a variety of colors like fireworks. Sammial and Hethon shouted with glee—but Ryoka saw something peculiar.
The [Crossbowmen] and [Crossbow-women] didn’t try to reload their weapons. Instead, they just slapped a bolt into the groove—raised the weapon—and fired again.
A second volley hit the undead as the first coach raced along the front of their lines. The other coaches had also opened, revealing crossbow-wielding [Mercenaries] who fired, and fired again, just as fast as bows!
“How are they doing that?”
Ryoka saw Jericha turn back to her, surprised that Ryoka didn’t know. She had called the House of El!
“Automatic reloading crossbows. The House of El manufactures the enchantment and the weapon.”
Indeed, the coaches and crossbows had wiped out thousands of the undead, the magical bolts detonating deep within their ranks, by the time they peeled away. Ryoka saw them circling, like a kind of ranged cavalry, as Lord Tyrion linked up with more riders.
The cheering from the House of Veltras—and the scrying orb—was the loudest yet. While Ryoka had been surprised by the crossbow tactic though, her real eyes were on the two hundred [Mercenaries] on foot now marching towards the undead.
 
—-
 
“Lord Deilan. Aside from honoring the memory of our great-aunt, Maviola, what was the other reason that Courier used to persuade you to commit to this…expense? We might not even see whatever the adventurers haul, and we do not benefit from Adventurer Guild bounties on the undead. Unless we’ve registered our entire house as adventurers?”
Desinee El looked quizzically at Lord Deilan. The [Lord] half-shook his head. The perpetually impoverished House of El was spending gold with each shot, not to mention the [Mercenaries]’ pay—although they were always on retainer, so at least they were justifying their cost—all for seemingly nothing.
“She had a persuasive argument. Notwithstanding her connection with Maviola—she was very convincing. This is all to an end, Lady Desinee. We will benefit if all goes well.”
“By fighting this battle? How?”
Lord Marthos knew, but he didn’t see. Deilan on the other hand, had. He smiled as his eyes never left the two hundred [Mercenaries], surely the attention of Wistram News Network via the [Scrying] spell.
What was the exact wording she’d used when she made her request? Lord Deilan’s lips moved.
“I think she said…ah yes. ‘Product demoing’.”
