8.18 H
Page 33
Briganda met her eyes, squarely. She knew it was personal, and Yvlon looked like she could still fight another hour, but these were the basics.
Fight. Attack. Block. Don’t get ahead. Rest. Regroup.
Yvlon just stalked past them, back towards the fight. She let the others rest and join her; she didn’t slow. Briganda shook her head. When her group rose with Keldrass’ and threw themselves back in, they moved up fast, fresh, ready to get back at it.
Best of all—Briganda grinned. The undead were thinning out. Rule #12 of adventuring or something: why take the risks when you can let the enemy fight someone else? At least half the undead clogging the street were heading towards the east. The other army tearing the village to bits.
 
—-
 
“There they are.”
Lord Tyrion’s eyes narrowed as he saw the enemy exit the village at last. Zombies emerged from the mist—then Ghouls, bounding along, skeletons—most armed with bows—moving into actual ranks at the back.
A rough formation emerged. The undead moved out of the Village of the Dead, waves of zombies interspersed with Crypt Lords, Draugr, Ghouls moving in packs.
However, none of them broke free from the mass. Tyrion murmured to himself.
“They’re moving with coordination.”
They were sticking out of range of all but the trebuchets and Jericha’s linked spells. She blew apart one group of the undead, but they just massed up. When they did advance—it was all at once.
The zombies streamed out of the streets, their shambling turning into a run. Skeletons ran behind them, taking aim, loosing arrows from out of range. The Ghouls bounded in groups on the flanks, circling to attack from the sides. The Draugr, Crypt Lords, Bone Horrors, and bigger undead marched behind the ranks of literal meat shields in front of them.
Thousands of them. Probably ten thousand already and more coming out of the Village of Death. However, as far as Lord Tyrion was concerned—they had already lost. If he’d had to contend with regeneration, he would have had a harder time. But an emplaced enemy that was unwilling to endure bombardment?
“[Archers]. Prepare to volley.”
The undead were coming uphill, towards his forces. Tyrion heard shouts as thousands of [Archers] took aim. He held his arm, waiting—
“Longbows—loose!”
The first wave of arrows hit the mass of undead. Tyrion saw the second flight of arrows half a second after the first. Excellent. The [Longbow Captain] had used [Instantaneous Reload].
“Recurves. Loose!”
The second rank hit the Ghouls trying to circle. Dozens of bounding forms fell, riddled by arrows. Tyrion called out.
“Archers, fire at will! Commanders, target those Draugr and Crypt Lords! The front ranks will prepare for combat!”
His heavy infantry stepped forwards, raising shields and blades. They waited as Draugr fell, charging, struck too many times with arrows to move. Ghouls were still bounding along, but dedicated [Expert Archers] were picking off the high-level undead.
And zombies? Zombies had no armor. Zombies that ran?
They impaled themselves on the first line of spears and kept coming. Then they ran into the heavily-armored Humans. Zombies clawed and bit and struck steel plate. They were answered with sharp blows, crushing impacts.
 
—-
 
Even Ryoka could see how easy it was. She wasn’t a complete idiot when it came to basic warfare. The zombies were running into a kill zone.
