8.18 H
Page 24
So retreat becomes more and more unlikely. Should I abort the raid? If this pattern follows—what will we do if Liches arrive? Skeleton Mages? Bone Behemoths? There is a limit to how many threats we can take on before casualties begin to cascade.
As she wavered, on the verge of demanding a full retreat before it was too late, Soew’s awareness of the battlefield changed.
Soew’s head rose. She stared, her beak-mouth opened wide in genuine surprise for the first time.
“Soew, what are we doing?”
A panicked voice from Attack 1’s leader, the most fragile of the four leaders’ temperaments she’d regretted putting in charge. Soew breathed.
“Standby. Another variable has emerged.”
“Standby? Standby for what? Another threat?”
Paranoia and panic. Soew hesitated—then clarified.
“No. Reinforcements.”
Her eyes flicked up. Then—she heard the horns begin to sound.
 
—-
 
“What is that?”
Revi was sending other summons into the battle when she saw something appear in the distance. She pointed and the [Mages] all looked.
“[Riders].”
Geni frowned. She murmured a cantrip and both she and Revi blinked, their eyes magnified suddenly. They saw people on horseback cresting a hill, coming down in a wedge-formation. Revi stared.
“That can’t be other adventurers.”
She knew that because the group was far too uniform and cohesive to be an adventurer team.
“Mercenaries? Some of them might want to get in on this.”
Another [Mage] opined. Revi shook her head slightly. Then she heard the horns. They were blowing in the distance, on the eastern side of the Village of Death rather than the embattled west. Revi’s eyes widened as she saw people on foot appear over the bluff. Geni gasped.
“That can’t be what I think it is. Revi, my dear! Do you see those banners?”
“I see ‘em. Why are they here? Who—did we make them angry?”
“No, I think—they’re on our side.”
How, though? Revi saw the army of Humans descend, following the [Riders]. And there, fluttering in the wind and noon light was the unmistakable crest.
 
—-
 
“House Veltras?”
Drassi was just as incredulous. She was turning, listening to a Gnoll girl whispering to her off-screen. She turned to the audience.
“Breaking news! It seems like—an army of Humans bearing the standards of House Veltras of Izril has just arrived on the eastern side of the Village of the Dead! Not just that—if I’m hearing this right, there are eight thousand of them, led by none other than Lord Tyrion Veltras himself!”
 
—-
 
Selys choked on her drink. Rags’ eyes narrowed at the name, but Mrsha bounced up and down, excited, grabbing Ulvama’s arm. It had to be! She looked for a pad of paper then signed rapidly, grabbing the adult’s arms, trying to get them to understand.
“What? Who?”
Ishkr was the only one who spared a look for Mrsha as the others burst into confused babbling. He bent down, reading Mrsha’s signing and Kevin did likewise. He didn’t know enough of Mrsha’s language, but he got—
Help! Her! Feet? Feet—Running?
“Miss Ryoka Griffin?”
Ishkr translated. Kevin blinked. Mrsha pointed, jumping up and down, just in time for a second feed to appear, interrupting the fighting in the Village of Death.
 
—-
 
“We are being scried, Lord Veltras. I believe it is Wistram Academy. Should I attempt to interrupt the spell?”
Ryoka Griffin heard Jericha’s cool voice from a distance. All of her attention, all of her focus was concentrated on the silent settlement below.
The Village of the Dead looked so…quiet. Shrouded in a kind of mist that made it impossible to see into it.
