8.18 H
Page 40
Desinee was reading from a [Message] scroll, scribbling replies frantically. Deilan straightened, some of the tension easing. The [Mercenaries] were in retreat, having done their showy job for now.
“Good. Any offers?”
“I…yes? You could say that? Um, Deilan?”
That was unlike Desinee to be so startled. Deilan turned at the note in her voice.
“Is something wrong?”
Desinee double-checked the underlined number, and then showed Deilan the scroll, where they were talking with the [First Accountant] of the House of El.
“We just sold forty six. Payment in advance. Kaalblades.”
Lord Marthos sprayed the water he was drinking onto the [Captain of the Guard]. Deilan rubbed at one ear.
“Forty six?”
“Yes. That’s…individual orders. We’re negotiating with eighteen prospective buyers about larger orders! And we’re contracted for over eighty crossbows—and that’s individual orders again, not bulk!”
Lord Deilan El looked at Desinee, mystified. Almost miffed. The House of El made excellent, artisan-quality weapons, but sales were sporadic. They had consistent customers like Noelictus, but this kind of boom for their admittedly expensive gear?
The power of worldwide marketing. Attention. His heart began to beat faster. He turned to the [Captain of the Guard], and saw his mercenary-forces pulling back.
“Captain—Captain. Can our forces keep fighting?”
“Of course, Lord El. But we’d have to expend more mana stones and munitions.”
The woman was surprised. The House of El was notoriously stingy with what they allocated to fights. More than one battle in history had been lost because they refused to pay for enchanted bolts.
Deilan turned to her.
“Ah. Keep them in the battle. Rotate in a fresh group—no—have them engage the higher-level undead. Enchanted munitions, Kaalblades—try to kill one of those huge undead.”
“…The Bone Horror?”
“Yes, that!”
 
—-
 
Like the events preceding it, the raid on the Village of the Dead was generating record-breaking numbers as a televised event. The only regret Wistram Academy had was there was no seamless point to pioneer an ‘ad’ in all the action, which they really wanted to try out.
More specifically though, while all the Archmages and factions seemed content to just…watch…one angry [Mage] was not.
“What is she doing there? Endangering herself like usual, as when I hired her to…go to the Bloodfields and…collect samples? Deliver my letters? Reckless girl!”
Eldavin stalked back and forth in front of the scrying orb, glowering, freezing the few times the image had revealed the Courier, who wasn’t the focus of the event by any means. He looked at the magnified image of Ryoka and spun.
“This is a huge event.”
He did not phrase it as a question. The other [Mages] in the room, Valeterisa, Teura, and some of the new Terras faction including Telim, all nodded.
“Very important. Very engaging. Prestigious in that we’re covering it. Becoming the go-to news source, not that there’s much competition. Yet.”
Telim put in. Eldavin nodded, yet the half-Elf’s reason for discontent wasn’t clear to the others.
“It is a huge event! A raid on a death-zone that might succeed, although I have no idea why. Did they find a Tier 8 scroll or something?”
He broke off into speculative muttering as the other [Mages] leaned in, some nodding. Eldavin’s head rose.
“So. Why aren’t we in this?”
The others looked at him. Teura’s brows crossed.
“…We’re broadcasting this, Grand Magus. Our hired [Reporter] is covering the event, and everyone knows this is Wistram’s production. See?”
