8.18 H
Page 16
The Named Adventurer looked up and saw the adventurer deepest in the Village of the Dead. He was running on a rooftop two hundred feet away, being pursued by a wave of Ghouls. They clambered over the rooftops, leaping like animals, eyes glowing as they bit and tore.
They never caught him. The [Skirmisher] ran faster than they could. He had a sword in one hand, a rippling field of magic around a buckler in the other. He swung the Forceshield, and the edge struck a Ghoul leaping up at him, shattering a bone in its face. Ksmvr turned, pivoting—a crossbow fired into another’s face.
The Ghouls reached the end of the roof and the Antinium halted. He turned and they leapt for him, a ravening mass. Elia watched as Ksmvr spread his arms. He somehow felt the need to address the undead lunging at him.
“You made one error, although I realize you are not capable of tactical thought: I can fly. Whee—”
He flipped backwards into the air. The Ghouls poured over the rooftop, landing on the street below. Elia saw the Antinium soar into the air—land on another rooftop and begin running again.
“Ksmvr to Eldertuin. I have scouted your location and you are six streets away from the south-western attacking force. Designation: Attackers 4. Please take the right-most street from your position. Establishing mapping to other attacking forces.”
The voice came clipped, very calm, through the speaking stone. If Elia hadn’t known better, she would have thought the Antinium wasn’t in danger at all. Eldertuin replied after a beat through their local link.
“Understood. We’re holding ground. We’ll move up in five minutes.”
“Ksmvr! Get back here! You’re all alone! Stop playing tag this instant!”
That was Captain Ceria’s voice. Loud, too—Elia winced and took the speaking bead she used out of her ear. She heard the Antinium reply after a moment.
“…This is not Ksmvr. I am being strategically helpful. Is this not so, Strategist Soew?”
“This is so. Captain Ceria…”
Whatever appeal Ksmvr had been about to make was never uttered. Because, at that precise moment, someone broke in on all lines of communication.
“This is Attack 1—fall back! This is not a joke! I don’t care where you are! Fall back! Soew, we have injured! Captain Jelaqua’s body is gone and their half-Giant nearly got slaughtered! Every position—now!”
Elia’s heart skipped a beat. She heard a chorus of confused voices. However, she spoke loudly, cutting off the others.
“This is Elia Arcsinger. Define the threat.”
The adventurer’s voice was grim.
“Draugr.”
 
—-
 
It came out of the sea of zombies without warning. Jelaqua was slowing down as her Rampage ended, the Raskghar body stressed past its limits. She saw something—huge—crashing through the sea of undead.
“Inc—”
That was all she got to say before the Draugr hit her. It was not necessarily larger than the other zombies. If anything, this Human had been less than six feet tall. But where other zombies were just copies of their bodies in life—Ghouls lean muscle, strong but like animals—the Draugr was all muscle.
Death had turned the hulking former-Human into a twisted parody of strength. The only person Jelaqua had ever seen that had the Draugr’s physique was…Magus Grimalkin.
“Bowel maggots! It’s a Draugr!”
Someone shouted, but the warning came too late. With one movement, the hulking undead crashed into Jelaqua. She tried to swing her flail, but it was under her guard. With one blow, it drove a fist into her chest. A rib-breaking blow to gouge out her heart.
