8.18 H
Page 2
There was no time to question, even if it could have made logical assumptions and thought. The undead in the street began to move as the bombardment stopped. The Crypt Lord turned.
There, at the head of the street, something moved. Not one of the undead. It ran into the street, making sound. It was a screaming bellow, a yell.
The adventurer stopped as they saw the street full of undead. Thousands of undead crammed together began to move forwards, Ghouls leaping past stumbling zombies and skeletons. The adventurer wavered. Then they looked over their shoulder and took heart from something. The [Warrior] raised their sword, and, with another whoop—
A woman with silver arms shoved past them. A two-handed sword was resting on her shoulder. She ran forwards, silently. Right behind her came a Minotaur with a pair of blades. Hot on their heels was a Stitch-man with a curved blade, shouting, followed by his bodyguards. The [Warrior] disappeared behind a dozen more adventurers.
Yvlon raised her sword as the first zombie appeared. She shoulder-charged into it, and felt something smush as she cracked its rotting frame. She hurled it down, stomped with her boot. Her foot crashed through the skull. She kept running without missing a beat. The second undead she met was a skeleton.
The [Silversteel Armsmistress] crashed through the fragile skeleton, scattering its bones. She looked around for a target and finally swung her sword. The Sword of Weight caught a leaping Ghoul and sheared halfway through its torso. The undead flipped with the force of the enchantment, and Yvlon whirled her sword down for a finishing blow.
Dorgon charged past her. The Minotaur had kept pace with the first wave of adventurers, refusing to break ranks and charge recklessly ahead. Now, he lunged, bellowing. Yvlon had gone into the fray silent. He did not.
“The House of Minos! Forward! Don’t slow!”
He bellowed over his shoulder, ordering the first wave of adventurers so that the others hot on their heels wouldn’t be bunched up. He matched actions to words. The Minotaur ran past knots of undead, his swords blurring.
Yvlon saw the flashing blades go through three zombies, slashing them apart. The other shortsword-swordbreaker was slashing on Dorgon’s right, carving with equal ease; cutting far further than the two shortswords should be able to reach.
[Sickle Cut]. Yvlon recognized the technique as she wrenched her sword up. She impaled a second zombie and wrenched it out. Her left hand, pure silvery metal, made a fist. She swung it left and backhanded another corpse’s jaw clean off its face. Grimacing, Yvlon whirled her sword, cutting with equal ease—if not a Skill.
Dorgon’s charge only stopped when he met a bloated zombie-Gnoll as large as he was. He didn’t bother stopping his scything blades, but kicked the Gnoll in the chest, then began laying about him.
The undead closed around him in an instant, only held off by the complete radius of defensive slashes the Minotaur was using to shield himself as much as attack. However, he was not strung out ahead of the others for more than a second.
“A magnificent charge! I’ll write about this in my memoirs!”
A laughing [Prince] leapt into the center of the horde, followed by eight Stitchfolk bodyguards. Prince Zenol’s sword was not double-edged, but had only one killing side; the other was flat, and the sword was curved, almost like a scimitar to Yvlon’s eyes as she hacked a Ghoul’s arm from its shoulder.
Someone stabbed the Ghoul with a spear. Yvlon saw a [Spearman] move up and run forwards with a knot of adventurers.
