8.18 H
Page 34
Not only were they fighting uphill; House Veltras had entrenched themselves, even going as far to have dug pits the undead fell into and were hacked to pieces as they tried to climb. The Humans actually fighting the undead in the melee only fought zombies and skeletons; any Ghoul-class or higher was shot dead or blasted to pieces before it reached them.
For now, at least. And if a Human was injured, like one of the [Heavy Infantry] soldiers who went stumbling backwards, an arrow lodged between a gap in their armor, they were replaced by veterans who closed ranks, and a [Healer] who was already applying a potion.
“Half-assed?”
Ryoka muttered to herself. She saw what Tyrion had meant.
A training exercise. All he was wasting was gold on potions and ammunition. Meanwhile—his army got fighting practice.
The key was in his commanders. Ryoka saw one group of pikes cutting the undead to pieces; crystal had grown on the pikes, sharp as razors. One of the [Archer]-commanders kept downing Draugr with glowing arrows.
It was as the undead were pushing at the Human army, threatening to encircle as they climbed higher on the hill, that Lord Tyrion moved at last.
“Sortieing.”
His banner fluttered in the wind. The [Lord] raised his lance—and his seven hundred [Riders] streamed down the hill after him. Ryoka saw them flash forwards, far faster than even a horse should be able to move.
They caught the undead by surprise. Tyrion hit a group of Ghouls circling and his force just ran over the bounding undead. Then he turned.
The skeletons had been forming into an entire company of archers at the back of the undead. But whatever tactical genius the Crypt Lords had only extended to grouping them up. They turned as Lord Tyrion bore down on their backs. A few loosed arrows.
The rest exploded. That was what it looked like. Sammial was shouting in awe and surprise as the skeletons went flying, sent to pieces by the lance-charge. Lord Tyrion ran through their entire group—then spoke.
“Strike the rear then fall back!”
He suited actions to words. The undead pushing at his forces disappeared again as his charge carried them into their ranks. Tyrion impaled a Draugr with his lance, yanked it free, then lifted it and whirled. His cavalry was disengaging within seconds of their charge.
They trotted away, ignoring more undead pursuing them from the Village of the Dead. When they had formed another wedge, they repeated the movement again and again, smoothly slaughtering undead from flanking charges, refusing to be hemmed in.
 
—-
 
Beautiful. It was, to Niers Astoragon, a beautiful display of martial prowess. House Veltras’ [Soldiers] were not adventurers, but they took the undead army to pieces with nothing more than equipment, formation, and training.
It was what a [Strategist] admired. The kind of army they wanted, that had the discipline to pull off maneuvers and feints in battle. Niers didn’t think they’d lost a soldier yet!
 
—-
 
Horrific. Those skeletons! Toren had covered his eyes when they were all run over like that. He chanced another look but—
No, it was too cruel. He turned away and saw Az’kerash watching, eyes fixed on the projection. How could he look at this slaughter without flinching?
Perhaps because it wasn’t over yet. Toren glanced back at the scrying orb. He was rooting for his people, obviously. Only, he wasn’t sure if they were underdogs or overdogs. He had seen some undead dogs, though.
 
—-
 
