8.18 H
Page 37
House Veltras used horns, like many armies. Not all forces used the same signals though. This haunting cry could have been a bird shrieking. It was too elongated though, the note held for too long.
As Jericha listened, more joined it. A chorus of piercing cries. She knew the force that made use of flutes.
“Lord Veltras. To the north.”
She spoke into the spell and the [Lord] turned, lowering his lance, letting his horse rest and sip at a stamina potion. He gazed ahead; flicked his gaze up towards the hill, and Ryoka Griffin. Then he raised his lance over his head.
He was answered by a wave. The figure on horse-back was no [Warrior], for all he bore a sword. He had no strategic genius, but he was intelligent. For instance, he knew how to delegate. So, as he raised his hand and halted his horse, the Patriarch of the House of El watched his forces move forwards.
Lord Deilan El gazed at the seething mass of undead with mild horror. He had heard stories from his father, but he had never seen so many. Yet he didn’t think he was in danger. His [Captain of the Guard] would never let him get close to actual harm.
“Lord El, will you give the order?”
Speaking of which, she was poised, ready to give the order. Deilan blinked. He adjusted the spectacles he wore, and then nodded.
“Of course! Er—go. I hope we’re not late?”
That was addressed to one of the other members of the House of El. Lady Desinee and Lord Marthos El gave him equally blank looks. They all turned back as the [Captain of the Guard] cried.
“Crossbows, forwards!”
It was a cry completely at odds with conventional sense. An order to charge. None of it made sense.
Jericha turned to Ryoka.
“Why are they here? What is the House of El doing here? They don’t go to war!”
She was, of course, wrong. For two reasons. The House of El was here. It was not just them, either.
“War Golems: advance. Find Eldertuin Terland and fight under his command.”
An irked voice from the side was one of Terland’s [Ladies]. She gestured, and half the Golems marched forwards. A small group—but the huge Golems were each worth a hundred men themselves.
Three members of the House of El. Each there for different reasons. Each here for the same reason. Because of the same person.
Ryoka Griffin exhaled, heart pounding. They had come! She hadn’t been sure! Eldertuin had promised to prevail on his family. She had gone to Tyrion last, but Deilan had been the biggest variable.
“Ryoka Griffin. How did you manage to persuade Lord Deilan El to participate in this battle?”
Jericha had left the [Mages] to look at Ryoka. The House of El had brought a smaller force. Less than half Tyrion’s size even with the Terland family joining them. Yet it seemed they had also met…
Reinforcements. House Veltras’ horns began to blow, signaling more of their army had arrived. Ryoka’s heart leapt.
“Tyrion sent for more [Soldiers]?”
“He could have mobilized half the north if he had been forewarned. Answer me. How did you persuade the House of El to take arms?”
Ryoka Griffin looked at the older woman. For answer, she pointed.
The House of El had stopped. They had sent crossbows forwards, along with barely two hundred infantry—mostly [Mercenaries], which they liked to employ—unsupported. Lord Deilan stood back from the fighting with the bulk of the army, which was just there to protect him.
The standard of the House of El flew high where he stood. As did the emblem of the Terlands. Yet another flag flew as the House of El moved into the battle.
A white flag. Incongruous with the art of war. Yet Ryoka knew…knew…
