8.18 H
Page 18
Moore grabbed it and threw the undead into the wall of the nearest house. Wood splintered as the Draugr bounced off the surface. It stumbled—Moore grabbed it by one leg.
The fighting adventurers looked up as the half-Giant bellowed. Moore lifted the struggling Draugr, ignoring its attempts to break his grip, the other zombies trying to climb onto him. He swung the Draugr into the wall.
Whumph. Seborn felt the impact in his bones. He saw the Draugr flailing—Moore swung again. The second impact made it go still. Then—Moore tossed it down and drove his staff down onto its head.
It didn’t get back up this time. The second Draugr stumbled. The hail of spells it had taken drove it to its knees and Seborn planted a dagger in its head.
Two dead. However, the adventurer-commander was shouting.
“Fall back! Draugr just appeared and smashed into us! Everyone, back up! Cover the half-Giant!”
Moore was turning. The adventurers were beckoning to the Halfseekers in front. Jelaqua, headless, turned, at the same time as Moore. The [Green Mage] stopped.
More huge figures were moving through the crowds of undead. Seborn muttered an oath.
“Depths take me…”
“Draugr! Yes, Draugr! Don’t engage them hand-to-hand!”
The attack-leader was bellowing into his speaking stone, firing with a wand at the huge bodies that had torn through their kin, charging to meet the Gold-ranks. Moore ran, as Ulinde tried to cover him. She shouted, an edge of panic in her voice.
“Moore—hurry!”
“How many?”
Elia’s voice was insistent. So was Soew’s. The adventurer looked ahead. He laughed hysterically. Then he tossed the Tripvine Bag as someone used a [Wall of Stone] spell. The adventurers turned and ran.
“How many? I see twenty coming down this street alone! Fall back!”
The two Draugr that had fallen were replaced by a dozen tanks of flesh which ran at the wall of stone, tearing through vines, punching blindly, without heed or regard for their wellbeing. The Halfseekers fell back with the other adventurers.
“Get me mage fire! We can’t retreat fast enough! I need reinforcements! Get me—”
The leader was demanding every asset they had as the wall shattered, barely seconds after it had gone up. The undead advanced again, the Draugr moving into a pounding charge. Then…slowed.
“[Sluggish Advance]. Retreat one street back. Reinforcements are fortifying.”
Soew’s calm voice filtered through the speaking stone. The Draugr were moving in slower-motion, weighed down by her Skill. The adventurers fell back, and Jelaqua, half-carried by Moore, was rasping to Ulinde.
“Get me the second Raskghar body! Hurry!”
Even as they pulled backwards to safety, more contacts began barking rapidly into the speaking stone.
 
—-
 
Ceria saw the undead burst forwards, punching at the Frostmarrow Behemoth’s closest limb less than a minute after Jelaqua’s team ran into trouble. However, this incident was almost comical.
The huge Frostmarrow Behemoth looked down at the undead. Strong the Draugr might be, but the disparity in size still meant that it was a child fighting a…well, a giant undead.
Until the Draugr began cracking the ice armor. Then, Ceria raised her wand.
“[Ice Lance]!”
The oversized projectile hit the Draugr and knocked it flat. A huge shard of ice had gone into its stomach. However—the Draugr stood up, revealing a hole in its gut as it broke the ice pinning it, but otherwise unharmed.
It came towards Ceria, roaring, making actual sound with its intact lungs. Ceria prepared to encase it in ice and blast it to bits with [Ice Spikes]—but an arm blocked her.
“Allow me.”
