8.19 H
Page 13
The Captain of the Lifwail Blades was listening. He looked up and saw.
Thirty Liches hung in the air. All in the same spot, around a rounded building slightly taller than most. No one could halt them. No one could match them!
Typhenous had tried with some [Mages]. The Drakes had seen six [Valmira’s Comets] fly up; the Liches blasted them with spells and blocked the rest, massing their barriers.
The Gold-rank had never seen the like. However, the answer came through the speaking stone. A panting man’s voice.
“They’re…it’s a Lich Coven!”
“What in the name of the Ancestor’s bones is that?”
The Drake snapped back, his sword raised, peering up at the Liches. The reply was urgent.
“Look at their legs! Do you see? The chains!”
At last, the adventurers noticed the odd chains that had hung from each Lich’s legs. Yes! Why were they…they were shackled, the captain realized.
“They’ve been bound into a single network. So long as they’re there, they have the combined spell power to wipe out any group. They have to be stopped! I—Pisces told me the chains must be severed. Then the Liches will be free to move about, but weaker!”
“Pisces?”
The Drake hesitated. Hadn’t that been Pisces speaking? No—the young man’s voice came over the speaking stone.
“That’s correct…Instructor Tomoor. The Liches must be broken. Magic will not contest them, nor arrows.”
“Then we’ll take that building and hit them. Collapse the entire structure if we have to!”
The captain turned to the other adventurers with him. He pointed, turning off the speaking stone and made a hand-sign. The adventurers moved out in silence. They left the corner of the street—ran into undead in seconds.
Bone Horrors. Each one trapped so that bones would explode outwards in grasping claws, showers of deadly fragments if they were approached. The Lifwail Blades and adventurers were ready for the challenge.
The undead hadn’t noticed them. A [Rogue] went in, tossed two bags.
Tripvines exploded onto the Bone Horrors. The Drake Captain heard cracks as the trapped undead exploded into deadly showers of bones, scything claws—
Completely ineffectual.
“Go!”
His team charged and wiped the Bone Horrors out, carving them to pieces. Threat neutralized, he raised his claw again.
[Silenced Maneuvers]. The adventurers moved muffled and quiet, even those in heavy armor. They rounded another street, closing towards the damned Lich Coven. The heart of the city was…quieter. The undead boiling from every street were almost nonexistent here! Could they win? The Drake had no idea. There were so many and those giants…
Sixteen at last count. And the Frostmarrow Behemoth was about to be destroyed. They had to neutralize the biggest threat, fall back and hope that damned Human army could pull some weight.
“Captain! Contact!”
A whisper. The Drake spun. He hadn’t noticed another wave of undead.
There wasn’t a wave. A single figure stood in the empty street. It—was a Drake.
A dead Drake. His scales were mummified, some fallen away. However, the undead’s body was preserved. For a second, the Captain just stared. Then he gestured.
A [Rogue] loosed a crossbow bolt. The glowing shot flashed across the street, a probing shot.
It…never hit the Drake. The Captain of the Lifwail Blades hesitated. He hadn’t seen the crossbow bolt detonate. Nor had he seen it cut; it should have activated either way. The arrow just…vanished.
“The flying furry fuck was that?”
An adventurer whispered. The Drake shot him an irritated glance.
“Back up. Now.”
