8.19 H
Page 26
Belavierr had meant the news network in general. She’d forgotten it existed. She peered at the scrying spell. Her head moved. Left. Right. Inspecting it while being in the way as much as Duke Rhisveri had, oblivious to other people’s concerns. So it went with that kind of person.
However…Lasica was rewarded as the Stitch Witch’s head rose and she murmured.
“Ah. The Putrid One. Is he back again?”
The Drake and Gnoll stirred. They looked at Belavierr. No one had mentioned the Necromancer who had created this place.
“The…Putrid One? I don’t know. It’s a Necromancer. And the adventurers are going to win. Destroy the evil in the heart of that place.”
Rufelt spoke defiantly, trying to meet Belavierr’s ringed gaze. She regarded him. Rufelt was trembling. He hated her more than anyone he had ever met in his life. Hated that she had come here and offered—
“Really. Winning?”
Belavierr turned her head and looked at the scrying orb. Lasica and Rufelt both nodded. Belavierr’s head turned back. Carelessly; she wasn’t truly interested unless he was back. But if he was…
“I don’t see his greater undead. Are they already dead, then? It matters not.”
“Greater…?”
Rufelt whispered. He looked at the scrying orb. Then—realized Belavierr was gone.
She stood behind Lasica. Her broad hat casting a shadow even in the light of the bar. She smiled as she put her hands on Lasica’s shoulders.
“I came here to make you an offer, Rufelt. Let us talk.”
He made the mistake of staring at her. This time—the rings in her eyes dragged him in. Ensnaring him further in…
 
—-
 
Revi was panting. Her summons spent. She had used every trick, every bit of mana she could use. Her head rang from the mana potions she had drunk and she knew she was reaching overload.
Yet still…the battle continued. They needed her summons more than ever! She was half-considering knocking herself out in case she leveled.
“We have to go in there. We can fight! I can fight!”
The other [Mages] ignored her. They had refused; they weren’t hand-to-hand specialists, mostly. They had exhausted themselves countering the Liches. They were standing here, to ‘protect’ the other adventurers if they had to retreat.
Revi knew it was wrong to want to get them to enter the village. But could they just stand here, uselessly?
“Don’t worry, Revi. As soon as we recharge, we’ll be tossing more spells. We won’t sit idle. We also won’t be going into the Village of the Dead, is that clear? Not you nor me. My bones can’t take it.”
“I didn’t mean that, Geni. Not you—”
Revi grinned weakly. She sat, listening to the speaking stone. She hadn’t heard any more horrific undead coming in yet. The hole in the sky though…why had it followed Ryoka? What had she gotten herself into n—
A furious sound made Revi look up. Barking. The two dogs, which had been placidly sitting or watching the battle from afar had risen to their feet. Revi blinked.
“What’s wrong? Bram, right?”
The [Beast Tamer] looked at her.
“Sorry! I think they picked something up on the wind. Maybe the fighting? Makki, Mousey, what is it?”
The other [Mages] stirred slightly as the light guard around their position looked up. They didn’t take the dogs lightly. If they smelled something…
Revi was getting up when Mousey and Makki’s heads turned as one. They…tracked something across the ground, hackles raised. Makki snarled. Then—broke free. She raced forwards, tangled with something.
“Dead gods!”
Everyone saw the dog hit something in the air and float for a second. It hurled her down and Bram cried out, raising his sword.
