8.19 H
Page 36
That was all the Drake said. Revi, Eldertuin, Arcsinger—everyone looked at him, uncomprehending.
“Done? You—you saved us. Thank y…”
Levil spoke, voice strangled. He cut himself off. Thank you? The words wouldn’t come out. Not to the undead. And…Revi felt a tingling in her stitches. Something was…
“Done? Where are the undead?”
Arcsinger had moved to block her daughter, but it was Capoinelia, the younger, who aimed her bow defiantly at the Drake. Challengingly. Idiot!
The Drake gave her a dismissive look. He spoke to them all, searching their crowd for…something. The weary Silver-ranks and Gold-ranks, the two Named-Adventurers. He seemed confused. Or even irritated?
“The servants are dead. The greater undead.”
The adventurers looked at each other. Then at the Village of the Dead beyond. They saw a few wandering zombies, a crawling torso of a Draugr…
“You’re joking.”
Someone breathed. The Revenant turned his unearthly gaze towards the speaker.
“I have exacted my vengeance for ages of servitude. Whatever hold that [Necromancer] had over me is broken. For now. I would go back and seek his head. That of his last servant. But I will not risk my will being stolen again.”
Last servant? Revi’s heart was pounding. The H—
Her thoughts ran together. Unable to focus on the danger to her friends. She felt it, in her very cloth. The danger was…here.
“Thank you, brave warrior. You have honored your vows. Tell us your name, that we might remember you. Your city!”
One of the Drakes spoke. The last of the Lifwail Blades, who had only wept for them after reaching safety.
She did not know how her team had died.
The Drake looked at her, and his eyes were cold. He glanced around, measuring, searching again.
“My city was the Walled City of Dreams. I was the Drake who claimed the marks of all nine Walled Cities. They called me peerless, undefeated—until I was. Not by sword or might of arms, but by that treacherous [Necromancer]. Then they wailed as I was forced to slay my kin. I regret it, even now. I saw my city fall and walked the ruins, the instrument of its demise.”
His clawed hand lifted his sword, raising it to his own throat. The adventurers looked at him. Revi…had no idea who he was. City of Dreams?
“That is who I was. In life, my class was [Dragonbane Swordlegend]. Do you know me?”
He turned. The Drake, Soew—Eldertuin, Elia, and the others exchanged looks.
“Er…I’m not a Drake?”
Levil flinched as the Revenant turned to him. The glowing gaze fixed on him with pure wrath—then the Drake threw his head back and laughed, bitterly.
“If you do not know it, then it did not matter. It means my art did not stand the test of time. That my deeds were surpassed! It means…nothing. So.”
He stood there, and looked down. A flash of bitterness; that was all.
The living, and those via scrying orb, the King of Destruction, Fetohep, Chaldion…looked at the nameless Drake, forgotten by time, named the legend of his era.
“Thank you. We honor your deeds. At least tell us your name, and we will erect a monument to you. Rediscover your tale.”
That was Elia’s voice. She raised her bow in a salute. The Drake’s head rose and he looked at her.
“That is not what I desire, half-Elf. Not fame. Not glory. I have exacted my revenge. Now? I look at you, who somehow defied the Putrid One’s power. Who came into his domain when armies broke against him in life and he brought down the greatest coalitions with his power alone. When he slew me. And I ask: where is your art? Where is your talent at arms? I have seen you do battle. And I call it paltry.”
