8.19 H
Page 45
He was not. She knew it.
So did Yvlon. Her sword was raised for a coup de grâce over the motionless half-Elf’s head. Yet every instinct in Yvlon was telling her…not to swing.
The adventurers rushed, grabbing at random objects, one second of desperation—then flight. They dared not spend even another second. They were still too late.
All four had sprinted towards the door when the voice came again. Now—deeper. Now—the grief replaced by a burgeoning wrath.
“You.”
The half-Elf’s head had risen. He turned, laying his master on the floor, gently, folding his arms. The Horns halted at the door.
They should have kept running. But again. Every sense in her body told Ceria she could run and could have run for ten minutes and it would have been too late. So she faced the half-Elf.
She had to see.
“We didn’t do th—”
“Silence.”
The half-Elf was shaking. The two tear tracks running down his face had stopped. Liquid began to flow again.
Blood. His face contorted into a rictus of rage. He was breathing hard, his body shaking.
For all that, he seemed no more imposing than…Ceria. He was bare-handed. He had no magical armaments nor weapons about him. The Horns quailed.
“I do not know how. I do not know why. Yet you insects came here. You ruined his great army. His servants turned—you! And now this. My beloved master. I do not know how. But you will die for this, intruders.”
His voice rose with every sentence. Growing louder. Vaster.
“Run. Everyone just run.”
Yvlon stepped forwards, sword gripped between her hands. Pisces looked around.
“We need help. Please—help us.”
He turned to the sky. Had he gone mad? He was touching his temple. Was he calling for—
Ceria just watched as the half-Elf took a step forwards. He opened his mouth—
Ksmvr pulled up all three crossbows and fired. The paralysis affecting the others did not stop him from taking an obvious opening.
Three crossbow bolts buried themselves in the half-Elf’s body. Two in the chest; the last punched through the open mouth.
Blood sprayed. Blood and bone and…the half-Elf staggered. Yvlon and Ceria gasped. The figure tottered—then regained his footing.
He spoke through the hole in his head, ignoring the blood running from the crossbow bolts in his chest and down his cheeks from his eyes.
Now, his voice filled the cathedral. Booming. Vast. Far larger than his frail body should have been able to hold. The half-Elf spoke.
“I am Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer, the greatest servant of the Putrid One. My master’s will incarnate.”
“Oh no. He’s got a long name.”
Ceria whispered. She couldn’t have said why that was so hilarious that Yvlon started laughing. She lifted her sword, preparing to charge.
Too late.
Tolveilouka, the beautiful half-Elf, let his clothing drop to the ground. Ceria’s eyes bulged. Then she saw his body bulge.
His pristine flesh began to puff outwards, like someone blowing air into it. The ephemeral skin turned pallid. Dark.
Rotten. The half-Elf was six feet tall. Then eight. Then fifteen…
He rose, bloating, all that symmetrical beauty turning misshapen. Growing vaster still. His skin erupted into pustules and rotting meat. Another arm burst from his chest. His voice—
“Run!”
Yvlon shoved Ceria. The half-Elf raised a shaking hand and walls of ice began to block the entrance. Yvlon stepped back, waiting. Pisces was shouting something at the sky, yet he grabbed her and ran.
