8.19 H
Page 37
The adventurers stopped. They looked at each other, some in affront, others uneasily. Some, like Dorgon, simply bowed their heads in acknowledgement of that fact.
“We are not blademasters. We’re Gold-ranks…adventurers.”
“Yes. You are the seekers of your kind. The ones who delve into mysteries. Who fight. You stand before a Revenant! One of the great undead, a legend of my era, no matter how forgotten—and why do you stand silent? Does your blood not boil in my presence? Is not one of you willing to raise your sword and challenge me, to see what was called strength?”
The Drake lifted his sword, turning.
“Will no one touch me? Once? With spell or sword?”
That was the look. He was searching them for a challenger. He did not find it. The Drake lowered his blade. His eyes—turned hostile.
“I never wished to be undead. My service was kept by that wretched fiend, my bones and soul twisted to service. Such is the price of defeat. Now his grip wavers, I rebel. I am not cruel. The urge to destroy, to slaughter every living thing is in me—but my will is not so weak. Even the new whisper I ignore. I will never suffer another master. And yet—”
His eyes roved. His teeth bared; his jaw clenched.
“I cannot go quietly. My blade sang with more might than all of you combined. Challenge me! Show me the warriors of this age have not decayed to savages with steel weapons! You must—or I will never know rest. Touch me.”
He set himself, waiting. The adventurers drew back a step. Revi backed up with Halrac and Typhenous and heard the [Veteran Scout] curse.
Okay. Problem. The Drake was mad. The Revenant had killed the others, but he spoke like one of those insane battle-maniacs. Was he stupid? No one was going to challenge someone who beheaded a Giant with a single slash.
“Noble warrior. We are exhausted. We thank you, but none of us can match your class or level. We…will you not rest? We don’t desire battle anymore.”
An adventurer decided to copy Elia and opened his hands in entreaty. The Drake looked at him. He glanced up.
A Silver-rank was creeping away from the battle. One of the Waterborn Raiders, who had suffered heavily in the battle. The [Bandit Archer] had decided to make a break for it, sensing the same danger as the rest. Her mistake was going ahead of the others.
Revi saw the Drake cut the air in front of him. The woman stumbled. She fell, her neck and torso cut in two.
“Cowards.”
“Dead gods!”
Someone screamed. A [Mage] raised his wand; there was a flash—the Drake whirled, pivoted. He cut the spell in half. Then the [Mage].
Two adventurers died, red blood splashing the ground. The others were frozen, tensed—but seeing that the Drake had already set himself for another blow.
Now, the Revenant’s eyes drank in the night’s starlight. His glowing gaze passed from face to face.
“You will strike me. Once. One of you will show me you have the will and skill to earn my respect. Or I will kill all of you. Show me.”
He waited, ignoring the blood, the cries of the friends of the dead adventurers. It was then, looking at him, that Revi realized undeath had turned him to madness too. Just a different way.
No one spoke. Eldertuin looked around, his teeth clenched. Arcsinger was looking at him, arm in front of her daughter. Typhenous was tensed; Briganda’s face pale and white. Halrac stared at the Drake, then looked away, seeing the insurmountable difference in ability. Jelaqua was licking her lips…
