8.19 H
Page 12
Pawn. Yellow Splatters, Belgrade, Garry, Chesacre, Thaina, Purple Smiles—all of them had rushed into The Wandering Inn.
They hadn’t known. Scrying orbs were only used by the Queen. Now, Pawn sank to his knees as he saw the fighting.
“It is for Erin?”
He looked at the others. Selys hesitated. Mrsha nodded, eyes on him. Pawn knelt. Most of the Painted Antinium copied him.
He began to pray. Niers Astoragon stared at him, sword raised. What was…?
 
—-
 
Skills were activating across the Village of the Dead. The city was still pouring out monsters, though.
“Pisces. We have to split up.”
Ceria watched, dreamily, feeling every chunk of ice torn away from the Frostmarrow Behemoth. Pisces turned.
“Why…?”
“We have to split up. You’re the [Necromancer] here! Find a way to take out the stronger undead. Go! I’ll—stay here.”
Ceria pointed at the adventurers fighting with the Frostmarrow Behemoth. She turned, and the breaking walls of ice holding off Draugr refroze. Pisces looked at her.
Strategist Soew had spoken at last as the adventurers were reinforced by Skills. They could run. If they ran—they’d be torn apart by the undead, flying and many as fast as an adventurer on horseback. So, while the Skills burned and they had a chance: fight.
She had named the greatest threats she had identified. Skeleton Lords were moving along with the greater undead. Each one could kill a Gold-rank. They were too fast, too deadly and too intelligent.
The giant-class undead were unstoppable if they reached adventurer fortifications. They had to be brought down from afar.
Lastly, the flying Liches were burning everything to ash. Most of the other fliers had gone to besiege Veltras’ armies.
“Can you do something about the Skeleton Lords?”
“Yes. Perhaps. But—”
“Then go!”
Two hands, one flesh-and-blood and the other bone, pushed Pisces hard. He stumbled—looked back. Ceria had drawn her wand.
“We’ll see each other again. Don’t worry.”
She saw him hesitate. Then the [Necromancer] nodded. He began to run, [Flash Stepping] across the street. He vanished, heading towards the first Skeleton Lord. Ceria exhaled.
Then…she turned back to the Frostmarrow Behemoth. In the fighting, the silence of her mind, she conjured ice.
She began to climb.
 
—-
 
“This is how we died. Every time, they wanted our bodies. Our bones. Our bodies for their armies, living and dead.”
Moore looked up and saw his kin. The face of the half-Giant was blank, rotten. It was nearly twice his height, and he was the tallest adventurer here.
It raised a fist and swung down at him. The half-Giant blocked it with a spire of earth. Stone powdered and rained down around him. He raised his staff and struck back.
A child fighting an adult. He drove his staff forwards. It was covered in barbs and tore at skin. The leg—he tore, his hands covered in vines. A blow sent him to the ground, but he rose. A healing potion crunched against his side. He went for the leg, tearing at it as Jelaqua kept the other undead off him, roaring orders.
The undead giant would fall. That was how they were killed. That was how they died. The [Green Mage] looked up at his ancestor. Female? He looked for something.
“Goodbye, Cousin.”
He swung again, his staff like an axe. Undead broke around his team as the undead giant fell. The Gold-ranks held their ground.
 
—-
 
Another team advanced, buoyed by no less than a dozen Skills. The Lifwail Blades on the ground had blown past two groups of Draugr, enchanted blades piercing their armor.
“We need to take those Liches out! Them—or find what’s controlling them all! What is that?”
