8.19 H
Page 18
A jar of acid. It burst over the third Lich and the flailing undead failed to cast its spell. Zenol dove into the opening.
Fire flung him, burning, across the tower. He landed, rolling, and got to his feet. Alive. He saw Ksmvr land next to him.
“Antinium?”
“Only a fool fights alone, Prince Zenol. I believe I have a debt to repay.”
The [Skirmisher] raised his Forceshield, blocking a swarm of magical arrows. He pointed.
“The door! We will fight them inside!”
He and Prince Zenol ran towards the door as the Liches dove, maddened with fury. The [Prince] ran, heart pumping with terror, fear—relief.
He was alive. The Stitch-man realized he was laughing. He heard Ksmvr chuckling too. Madness? They were both mad! There was no room for anything else. Life and death. They had to fight like the insane. Only that had a chance of survival.
 
—-
 
She killed seven of them. Seven Wyverns died, falling to earth, their Draugr crushed by gravity or the huge beast’s weight.
Jericha failed to slay the eighth. It landed, Draugr falling around the [Mages] and Jericha herself, who drew a sword, screaming triumph.
Tyrion was riding faster than he ever had in his life. But he was always so…
Slow. He had missed the hour of Salva’s death. And now—
The Wyvern reared back, undead mouth gaping as it turned beyond reason, for the coach. As if it could sense everything that mattered to him was in there. It began to tear the enchanted wood apart as easily as if it were paper. Tyrion was too distant, Lord Deilan and the other nobles helpless. A scattering of spells from wands and a crossbow from a bodyguard peppered the thick hide to no avail.
A door slid open. The Wyvern turned, and Tyrion opened his mouth.
“No!”
He charged towards a group of skeletons, not even seeing them. He saw the Wyvern’s head rear back to strike like a serpent.
Then the bright sword blazed to life. The blade, thinner than paper, the length of a longsword. A searing light pink, artificially bright.
Tyrion saw the Wind Runner holding it aloft, uncertainly. She didn’t stand like a [Swordswoman]. She swung it, desperately, as the Wyvern dove.
 
—-
 
The Faeblade cut through the air as Ryoka Griffin swung it, hearing the screams from the boys within, Jericha’s desperate voice, the scream of the Wyvern.
The tip of the glowing blade met the side of the Wyvern’s neck. Ryoka saw its maw opened wide enough to tear her torso apart in a single bite. An undead monster far beyond anything she could fight. A magical being, a—
Animated piece of meat.
The Faeblade cut through the neck and passed through the air in an arc that left afterimages. Ryoka’s swing overbalanced her and she stumbled. Something hit her and knocked her flat. She cried out, flailing. Then—realized the jaws weren’t closing.
The head of the Wyvern lay half on her. The severed body had already collapsed against the coach. Ryoka’s burning sword stuck out of the body. She tried to shift the huge weight—then cut.
Her sword severed the Wyvern without effort. Like there was nothing there. Ryoka shoved two chunks off her and stood.
“Snicker-snack.”
She murmured. Then looked around and saw Hethon and Sammial staring at her. So was Jericha, who had run forwards, bleeding, wand and sword raised.
Ryoka looked at her gift from the lands of the fae. From the…she hadn’t thought it would work. She looked around, in the stunned silence.
Lord Tyrion Veltras had halted, over a thousand feet away in the fighting, and he was looking at her. Shakily—slowly—the man saluted her with his sword.
