8.19 H
Page 35
Her fingernails were digging into her skin. Even if that Drake slaughtered every undead in the city. Everyone knew the stories. What would you find there?
“She would not want this.”
Lyonette was too far for them to hear her. Too removed to do anything but watch what everyone in the world could see. Not the truth.
 
—-
 
As the adventurers regrouped, escaping the carnage in the Village of the Dead by the miraculous, amazing salvation granted to them, shaking with awe at how many had survived when all hope was lost, they faced one last trial.
Revi was still crying as Typhenous and Halrac ran towards her. Briganda was kneeling, touching at the body among the [Mages], ambushed by the undead. Levil was shouting.
“Bram! Bram—”
His friend was gone. So was Makki. The remaining war dog was standing guard over their bodies, howling.
Old Geni was dead. Something had killed her. She had put her wand in its face and—
The explosion had saved Revi. She’d stitched on a replacement hand. She raised her head, looking desperately through her tears.
“Where are they? Where…?”
The Horns were not here. She looked for them. Saw Jelaqua, Ulinde—Moore and Seborn were still fleeing.
Her friends were alive. Her friends were in the city.
Voices were arguing.
“We must keep running.”
“This is a disaster! We’ve been slaughtered and for what?”
One of Arcsinger’s Bows was screaming, looking for someone to blame. Eldertuin knocked the half-Elf girl to one side as he shouldered forwards.
“Blame later. Move! Is anyone left?”
“Stragglers. But the Horns—”
“We cannot save them. They have made their choice.”
That came from Elia Arcsinger. She looked towards the Village of the Dead. She was breathing hard, cuts crisscrossing her arm. The undead archer had nearly gotten her. Nearly—until the Drake Revenant had found it.
Yet all of her team was alive. In fact—Revi saw far more adventurers than anyone should have dreamed would survive this, let alone the final flight. She was looking at Halrac, trying to find the courage to say what she knew was impossible.
Let’s go after them? No. No…
Prince Zenol, the three Minotaurs, even Instructor Tomoor were all some of the last, limping out of the Village of the Dead. The adventurers were clumped up, but only a handful of undead were mindlessly shambling after them. The rest had stopped.
“Move out! Everyone, back to the camp and from there we’ll see where we go.”
Eldertuin bellowed. The arguing stopped. Soew nodded. Revi saw the first Silver-ranks turn, hurrying towards the surviving horses, wagons…
Amazing. Miraculous, again. Unprecedented. The giant-undead Revenant had been slain. The master-archer, destroyed. The flying wraiths weren’t following. An anti-climax. And all thanks to…
The Drake.
Revi heard a sound. The Village of the Dead was…collapsing?
She saw houses falling down. Crumbling to pieces, as if the enchantments themselves were being severed. She could not see the city within, yet something was taking the place to pieces. Not all of it; houses fell in a line towards the adventurers.
Cut to pieces. The living hesitated. Revi paled.
He walked from the Village of the Dead, sword bared. He had not survived unscratched. His armor was torn. Something had pierced his chest, his legs, cut across one arm and severed it; his helmet was undamaged, and his face.
And his sword. The Revenant walked forwards, calmly. His glowing eyes fixed on the adventurers.
He covered ground with each step like that horrible Witch had. Enchanted boots? Skill? The adventurers froze as the Revenant halted on the hill where they stood.
“It is done.”
