8.19 H
Page 1
It was then that Yvlon noticed she was bleeding. Red ran from the cut in her right arm. She looked down, mildly shocked.
The sword had cut her arm. Actually cut it. The blade was as enchanted as hers and…it had sliced open the silver-steel skin. Not deeply, but if it had done that to her arm—her armor would suffer the same fate.
Yvlon looked at the skeletons. She had heard nothing in the clash, which had taken all of ten seconds at most. Cut, parry, block, retreat.
It had moved as fast as she. That coordination! It was like fighting a Level 20 [Warrior]—no, a seasoned [Soldier] at least!
Then Yvlon heard the first screams of panic, confusion, cries for help. Then she felt the first impacts coming up from the ground.
Explosions. Death from the skies. Only, not from adventurers.
The [Armsmistress] looked up and saw them. Glowing fingers, floating bodies—
Liches. Skeleton-mages, casting spells from high above. They flicked [Fireballs], bolts of [Lightning] down, magical arrow spells, anything a [Mage] was capable of. Basic attack spells that killed.
A [Fireball] illuminated a trio of Silver-rank adventurers who couldn’t dodge. They were flung, blazing, onto the street. Another Silver-rank dove, and the lightning bolt arced, catching him on his metal armor. He screamed, but was able to grab a healing potion.
The magical attack was first. Second—the arrows. A volley flew from the skies, shot from far out of sight. Adventurers raised shields and a [Mage] had the presence of mind to cast a barrier-spell. The arrows glanced off; a professional, accurate grouping of shots.
The arrow with a pitch-black shaft and a glowing, purple-metal arrowhead snaked down and hit the [Mage] in the shoulder. He folded up without a word.
All of this was in seconds. Yvlon looked up and saw the shrieking undead monsters in the sky. She saw a huge shape, taller than the Frostmarrow Behemoth, raise a club of bone or something pale, advancing forwards.
The skeletons—advanced. Yvlon raised her sword, waiting, but only the leader came towards her. The rest were moving past her.
“Skeleton Knights. Say again: our group is engaging Skeleton Knights. Unconfirmed speculation—Skeleton Lord leading them!”
The voice was brisk, familiar, but not haughty. Just—taut with intensity.
Prince Zenol. His eight bodyguards were shielding him, eyes on the Skeleton Knights. And…Skeleton Lord? It looked no different than the others, save for its garb, but the way it saluted her, bone head turning as if to wonder if she and Zenol were going to flank it—
Zenol’s voice was one of dozens shouting into their speaking stones. Yvlon heard mixed voices.
“Liches! We need [Mages] here to battle them! We can’t shoot them down! Half have barriers—”
“Undead giant! Dead gods, Bone Behemoths too—”
“—just came at us—full of bugs—don’t get c—”
“Fall back. All groups, fall back to your fortifications.”
That was Soew’s voice, urgent despite the calm tone. Yvlon looked at the skeletons. The Skeleton Lord was just waiting.
“We have to fight them before they join up. Attack 2—first wave. We are fighting.”
Prince Zenol tossed the speaking stone to a bodyguard. He raised his sword, and looked around. Dorgon had moved forwards with some Gold-ranks and two Silver.
“Watch the skies for spells and arrows.”
The Minotaur spoke, looking at Yvlon. She nodded. No one had said a word, save for Dorgon and Zenol. They were watching Yvlon.
She hadn’t beaten the skeleton leader, and she had intended to in a single charge. Now—the adventurers were poised. To run? To fall back?
