8.19 H
Page 29
[Deathbolt]. It was like a weapon made of that. His sword cut the undead; he saw it. His artifact could…hurt it…
Eight minutes the duel took. It was not a beautiful dance, though they were both good. Neither knew the other; Tyrion fought a floating, darting foe, it chased him on his horse’s back.
At the end, it screamed, a shriek of pain, and vanished. The sixth time he had plunged his blade into the thing’s ‘chest’, it had taken. Tyrion lowered his sword, arm numb with frost.
In the time it had taken him to kill one, over two hundred soldiers had died to the others. Jericha was blasting one with magic and it barely slowed.
“Retreat.”
He saw the Kaalblades cutting one down. Tyrion pointed, and the [Mercenaries] fell back too. Even so—he looked over his shoulder and shook his head.
 
—-
 
“Moore, run, damn you!”
Seborn was running, stopping, turning to look over his shoulder. Everyone was fleeing.
“I have lost Ksmvr! Where is Yvlon?”
Zenol was shouting. Something had torn off his arm. Blood ran, until he yanked the strings and changed flesh-and-blood to stuffing. He was with his three remaining servants, looking around.
“No time! Run!”
Jelaqua grabbed his shoulder. Both ran, stumbling, but they were still faster than the slow shape behind them.
Moore was covered in blood. He had seen the worst fighting. Taken the most damage but for Jelaqua, and her body could be replaced.
“Moore! Ulinde, spells, damn you! Slow them down!”
Seborn ran forwards, but he couldn’t even take Moore’s weight. He could only curse at the half-Giant, pushing him as he looked behind.
The [Spellslinger] tried—but the wraiths came on. They were walking now, advancing, cutting down everything they caught.
Ghosts. They looked like clouds grasping weapons sometimes, as they flew. The dead copies of people, now. Like Revi’s summons, but baleful.
Seborn’s arm was numb from where one had cut him. He pushed Moore.
“Leave me, Seborn.”
The [Green Mage] gasped. His voice rattled in his lungs. They had cut him multiple times and he was slowing.
“No. Come on!”
“I’ll hold them back. It’s time. I can’t…”
Moore stopped. Seborn grabbed his arm. The half-Giant was turning, lifting his staff, consumed by the same fury after Erin’s death. He wanted to stride forwards. Seborn gripped his arm with all his strength.
“If you stay. There will be two corpses here. I don’t want to die.”
His friend looked down at him. With a groan, he turned and tried to run. Seborn ran with him. He turned to look over his shoulder.
Yes. They’d catch them. Catch one. The [Rogue] checked the dagger in his good hand.
“Keep running, you idiot. If you slow down, I’ll stab you.”
Moore didn’t hear. He was moving now, blind, too exhausted to turn again. Seborn slowly came to a walk. Then a stand-still.
“Seborn!”
Ulinde screamed. He turned.
“I was afraid I’d die today. I should have stayed back.”
There was no such thing as a bloodless battle. He had only wondered when it would be one of his friends. That was what he cared about, heartless as it was.
The [Rogue] stepped back as the Wraiths caught up. Just behind Moore’s back. That’s all the distance he had to be. He closed his eyes for a second, pivoting. To strike—
Light bathed his face. Light, in this desolate place. Sure it was a spell, Seborn dove—then looked up.
“No—Moore.”
Yet the half-Giant was staggering onwards. What was…? Seborn glanced over his shoulder and saw sunlight.
Bright, beautiful, real. More enticing than any spell that had illuminated this damned place.
