8.19 H
Page 52
Which one said that? They were smiling. Laughing. Pisces unfurled the scroll. He focused on the burning coordinates, the understanding in his mind.
A rotting hand swung down, promising death by consumption. It never reached the four.
In a flash of light, they vanished. Az’kerash cried out, already casting spells. Standing on his feet. The Putrid One’s servant roared, and then sank to the streets in grief.
The adventurers fled, as the Horns of Hammerad vanished. Vanished—using a scroll of ancient power. Among the dead and wounded, this bitter, dark day.
To…where?
 
—-
 
They flew across the world in a moment, past the shores of Izril, faster than ghosts, like four falling, glorious, broken stars. The spell tore at them, and Ceria felt her grip weakening.
“Don’t let go! Don’t l—”
Pisces screamed at her. They reached out, linking hands. Ksmvr was holding on to Yvlon as she gritted her teeth.
The spell bore them away. Not towards the Necromancer’s castle, but somewhere…else.
The only other place he might ever flee, in desperation. At the end of all things.
The one land where glory in death remained.
Khelt.
A [Message] beat them there, to Chandrar. As fast as thought itself. A frantic entreaty, explanation, from a source he had never thought to be so brazen, so careless.
Fetohep of Khelt halted on the grasslands of Jecrass, still watching the scrying orb, the folly of the undead. His preserved visage rose. His golden eyes flashed with alarm. He raised a hand.
This idea—? He saw the reason. The folly. The undead king bellowed at the sky, terrifying his mortal followers.
“No, you arrogant fool. You think there are no defenses? Not Khelt! Not—”
He reached out to catch them. But he was leagues upon leagues from his homeland. Too late.
The Horns of Hammerad, rushing through space—hit the barrier. It flung them, ricocheting them in ways they couldn’t understand.
All Ceria heard was screaming. Their voices.
“Don’t let go! D—”
Pisces’ grip weakened. He saw her connected—then torn away.
Ksmvr lost his grip at the same moment, thrown by the impact. Pisces howled as his friends vanished.
The last two, hurtling together, were Ksmvr and Yvlon. He clung to her with all three arms, but the magic was ripping them away, unable to sustain two so close together.
“I won’t let go. I won’t—”
He told her. Yvlon Byres just grinned. Her arm, holding the three of his, tightened.
“Don’t worry.”
Then the magic flung them apart. Ksmvr tumbled through the void.
Four magical comets landed across Chandrar. Four bodies, four adventurers thrown apart. Falling, striking the ground into unconsciousness. Wounded, exhausted.
Alive.
 
—-
 
The Horns never returned. So many adventurers lay dead.
So many survived.
A bloody, bleak group gathered together. The living had beaten the dead? No—they’d escaped. That was all they could say.
“So they failed. They failed. This was all a waste of time.”
Someone muttered. All their grief, all their effort…the bitter reproach was cut short.
“No.”
That voice came from Halrac. Halrac, who stood, holding his teammates with one arm—touching them—to make sure they were alive. His eyes were filled with silent loss. Yet he spoke now, facing the others.
“They did what they promised.”
The [Veteran Scout] bent. Slowly, outside the Village of the Dead, he reached down to what remained of the last monster. He sifted apart dust and lifted something.
Slowly, he pulled the bag of holding out of the pile remains. The adventurers stared at it. Then—the armor. And the blade.
