8.19 H
Page 46
Ksmvr stopped, as Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer completed his transformation. The abomination towered higher, breaking through the walls of ice with a single flick of its body. The Antinium spread his arms and called to him, above Yvlon’s call to arms, the shouts of his friends.
“I did it. Your wrath should be directed at me.”
It was all he could say. The undead monstrosity’s head swung towards him. Yvlon charged, a scream on her lips.
As he listened, as he saw and heard the desperate pleas and what came next, what even he could not stop, Az’kerash, the Necromancer, covered his eyes.
 
—-
 
The Drake [Sword Legend] waited.
It was Eldertuin the Fortress who lifted his mace and shield. He strode forwards. The adventurers shouted his name. The last broken Golem raised its sword, as if to salute him or charge as well.
The Revenant watched Eldertuin place himself in front of him, like the banquet of the fae and the warrior from strange lands.
The difference was—they were both of this world. And there was no respect here. Only contempt.
“[Shield of the Fortress]!”
Eldertuin raised his shield as he charged. The Drake did not speak his Skill aloud. He swung his sword—
And cut Eldertuin. The sword shattered the Skill. It sliced through the artifact. It cut into Eldertuin’s side. Even his strike couldn’t cut the Named Adventurer in two. Yet, one cut—
Eldertuin fell. The Revenant turned. He shook blood off his blade again as the cheering turned silent. He shouted, his voice wrathful.
“Is this the greatest of your kind, adventurers? All of his might was in a shield and a Skill. Nothing more. The duelist had some grace, even stolen, but the rest of you? Who is next?”
No one spoke. Eyes turned to Elia, but she was shaking her head. She was an archer. This—
“I will challenge you. For the pride of the House of Minos. Face me, Drake.”
The next was Dorgon. The [Twinblade Linebreaker] strode forwards. He lifted his blades, unwilling to give a salute to the Drake. Not after what he had seen.
He charged forwards in a roar, blades singing as they cut the air. Trying to catch the Drake’s blade with his swordbreaker, strike with his shortsword.
His charge was all aggression, yet he moved with a mimicry of Tomoor’s grace. He knew how to fight. He was as talented as any of the best in Nerrhavia Fallen’s court, in Zenol’s eyes.
Not high-level enough, though. He was a touch too slow. He did not know the steps after he struck naught but air. He had never fought a Drake like this before. He was excellent.
The [Sword Legend] had slain Dragons. He evaded the head-long charge, the daring blow that invited a counter-strike, if only Dorgon could touch—
He whirled his sword, once.
“Minotaur—you are too inept. You shame your house. Do not pick up a sword again.”
Dorgon collapsed. He dropped his shortsword and clutched at the bleeding stump of one hand. He roared in pain and loss.
The Drake turned. Now, Zenol saw him for what he was. Pure arrogance, distilled. He did not care if the House of Minos bellowed Dorgon’s name as their champion, who had not disgraced himself.
“I will face you, Drake!”
The [Prince] spoke, forcing the words out. Another voice spoke as well.
“Me too.”
“Don’t! Pekona—”
Insill tried to stop her, and Dasha too. Anith just watched as the [Blade Dancer] from Drath moved forwards.
“Both of you. Try.”
The Drake waited as the [Prince] and [Sword Dancer] took flanking positions. Zenol met Pekona’s eyes. Saw nothing but calm determination. He gritted his teeth.
