8.19 H
Page 2
It depended on the next moments. Zenol strode forwards, as if to put their uncertainty to rest. Yvlon blocked him.
“Take the others.”
He looked at her. Then grinned.
“Don’t lose.”
The [Prince] whirled, and his Stitchfolk charged into the Skeleton Knights, fearless of the blades. Yvlon took a deep breath. She lifted her sword, seeing blood running onto the hilt from her arm.
The Skeleton Lord was waiting. It was grinning at her. Yvlon charged.
“Silver and steel be my guide!”
Her first stroke was a two-handed blow that made the Skeleton Lord stagger. It raised its sword, stabbing fast in the opening as Yvlon’s sword bounced off its shield.
A quick blow which could turn into a decisive cut before she could regain her balance and maneuver her sword. It scored a line down her cheek; no, a deep cut. Yvlon abruptly felt steel kiss the side of her tongue. The Skeleton Lord went to flick the enchanted blade through her skull.
Its arm never moved again. Yvlon had dropped her sword. Her silver hand had caught its sword-wrist. The undead recoiled—
She wrenched off its arm. It was hard, far harder than a normal skeleton’s, but this undead was still weaker than a Draugr. It looked down at its torn shoulder, and tried to drop the shield and reach for a dagger at its belt.
Both of Yvlon’s hands grabbed its helmeted head. She began to pull.
The Skeleton Lord stared at Yvlon, grabbing her arm with its remaining one. Gently—
She thought the light brown flames in its eye sockets were reproaching her. This was not how sword-wielders properly f—
The silver arms ripped skull and part of the spine from the body. The Skeleton Knights turned, those not in the thick of fighting, as the Skeleton Lord collapsed.
“Rhir’s hells.”
One of the adventurers breathed. Yvlon turned. She was holding the skull, her right cheek cut open.
The skull crumpled in one hand. She bent, to retrieve her sword. Then, Yvlon Byres stood. Her next words made living and dead flinch. It was a bellow, a raw shout.
“Silver and steel be my guide—everything dies! Forwards! Attack, you cowards!”
This time, when she ran, the adventurers charged down the street with her.
 
—-
 
They didn’t run. Eldertuin the Fortress planted his shield and bellowed a counter-command.
“Hold this street with me! Horns—keep those giants off us! If we all run, we all die.”
The Draugr were advancing at a run, their ferocious charge shaking the street.
The Named Adventurer put his shield down and gritted his teeth. His hair, already turning to grey in places, flashed.
No—the air did. Ceria heard him shout.
“[Shield of the Fortress]! [I Am Unmovable]!”
A pale, sage-green shield burst from his shield. It traced a teardrop shape—as wide as the street. The spells and Draugr hit it and—bounced.
The first armored undead swung their weapons and hit an unbreakable wall: Eldertuin’s shield. He braced, holding back the weight of their charge. His feet skidded back a foot, no more.
Then Levil shot flames into the Draugr, seeking to set them alight. Over Eldertuin’s shoulder, someone fired a crossbow, through the eyes of one of the Draugr.
“Pisces!”
Ceria shouted, and the [Necromancer] broke out of his stupor. He looked around; his hand flashed as he flicked it.
[Shatterbolt]. It went through two Draugr’s chest plates, but one got up. Ceria pointed.
“[Ice Spear]!”
The head vanished. The corpse fell back down. Ceria looked around.
“The street! Ward the street before my Skill ends! Arcsinger, get your archers over here! Soew! The Liches will slaughter everything they see! I see six—”
