8.19 H
Page 14
The adventurers were stepping back. They did not mess with threats like that. The undead Drake didn’t pursue them. Not at first.
He spoke.
“His power is ended. Did you do that? Yet you are not the army who has that strength. Then it is ill-luck, for you came so far to meet me. Descendants of my people. Is that the best skill at arms you have mastered?”
The voice. The Captain of the Lifwail Blades froze. That was the same voice which had so lazily called the undead to arms! The disinterested, almost self-deprecating tones. Bitter and tired and…
Sentient.
“Contact. Strategist Soew, we have just met the undead in charge of the others! It—it’s a Revenant. Confirm?”
“Confirmed. Fall back at once, Captain! [Expeditious Retreat]!”
He needed no further urging. The Drake pointed. The adventurers ran.
“Cowards.”
The word struck the Drake adventurer in the back. Drakes do not r—he ignored the taunt. He did cast one look back down the street, though.
The undead Drake wore old armor, custom-made for him. The insignia was so faded that the Captain did not know what it was. From head to toe, the gear looked enchanted. What was truly scary was the sword he carried, though.
A two-handed sword. Not as long as a greatsword; not nearly. A dueling blade. If the pattern was right, then it was a mark the Walled Cities had long ago stopped issuing.
A [Blademaster]’s sigils. Like a golden bell. The Captain knew his history. In those days, each Walled City would issue a mark, a delicate etching to be inscribed on the blade in some way. Each city had its expert, in those times. To best one city was to earn a mark. They did not carry the practice on in this time.
If they had…even if they had. The living Drake’s blood felt cold. There were nine marks on that blade.
The Drake did not move as the living ran. He stood there, face almost…disgusted. Then resigned, melancholy. He never lifted the sword hanging at his hip. Never touched it. All he did was…speak.
“Unlucky adventurers. [Thou Art Cut].”
The Captain of the Lifwail Blades heard the words with confusion at first. Then he realized it was a Skill and…slowed.
He reached for a potion. The back of his armor was…torn. He looked to his side.
“That can’t be. Did you hear th—?”
An adventurer collapsed, eyes blank. The cut had gone through his neck. Other adventurers cried out, cut to their very bones. The Drake reached for a potion, drinking with a shaking claw.
The cuts wouldn’t heal. He lay, bleeding, on the street. Words? Words? Not even a…
The Drake appeared, walking down the street. He stopped and looked down at the bitter expression on the Captain’s face. He bent to deliver a warrior’s mercy…but the Drake was dead.
The collapsed adventurers began to stir as the Drake lifted his claw. The Revenant stood.
“I resent it. I resent my servitude. I resent my death. If I could not…”
His sword rose. He studied it, musingly, as the Gold-rank adventurers walked back the way they had come, eyes glowing with the malice of undeath. They had forgotten who they were. The Revenant had not. All that he had been had stayed. Forced to serve. Twisted, but remained.
“If I could not. Strange.”
The sword in the Drake’s claws gleamed in the light. His beautiful armor shone. He stood there, in the street, eyes focused on the distant shape of the Frostmarrow Behemoth, a clear threat. He regarded his sword.
It did not move.
“How…strange. Could it be?”
The undead mused.
 
—-
 
