8.19 H
Page 42
It all made sense now. In that way where all the pieces fall together. Why this place had existed. Why the undead were so uncoordinated, why some had gone rogue. Not why the power had vanished; they would not understand that. But perhaps it was just time.
The answer was in this scene. The Putrid One’s end. His body was still here, roughly in the middle of the room.
Behind him was his lair. His workshop. The vast room was his fortress, the container of his treasures, from which he could create more minions, protected by so many powerful undead that no army could have taken it by siege without giving him time to flee or destroy them.
A perfect abode. Yet he was dead.
He looked so surprised. Almost annoyed, but gratified. Ceria’s eyes traced the dance of magic and damage that had led them here. Broken floor, melted in places; destroyed rich, half-Elven furniture, each a piece of art, one table severed in two.
A short battle, no less intense; a surprise attack that exceeded all of his expectations. Begun by someone—a team perhaps—that had made it all the way here.
Just like now. Yvlon looked down and saw the fallen Lizardperson on the floor, bones outstretched, a wand aimed—another fallen pile of bones, there. They had turned to bone long ago, not even reanimated. The scene of the last battle preserved. Yet the Necromancer was untouched by time.
So was she.
Then—countless ages ago, the great Necromancer stood there. His hand was outstretched, touching her cheek.
Her cheek. The woman’s cheek had turned pallid. Pale. Streaks of black invaded her flawless skin. Just a single touch, yet it was her death.
The Horns of Hammerad looked at her next. They had not expected to find the Putrid One, but that went double for her.
The woman’s eyes were tensed, but relaxing. The marks of battle, the concentration that had brought her to this point, this final strike—was caught in the midst of evaporating on her face. Countless years of strife, a burden too great to bear, finally ending.
She was older, almost in her middle-years. Her armor was beautiful. Damaged, but beautiful. She had taken wounds getting here, and one last one in the final struggle. No blood showed though; her wounds had healed. She could not heal the last, though. Not that final touch.
The woman was a Dullahan, Yvlon realized. Her body tensed, her armor her body. She was…Yvlon knew it from the aura that hung around her, a radiance even now.
A [Paladin]. A warrior with more than just force of arms. More than a [Knight]. The enemy of the undead, the unrighteous.
They stood there, the [Necromancer] and the [Paladin]. A story so old everyone knew it.
Half-Elf and the Dullahan. Neither one moving.
Had they known each other? Were they faceless to each other until this final moment? Were they the oldest of nemeses? Friends? Lovers?
The truth was lost. All that Ceria knew was what lay before her eyes.
This was how the Putrid One had died:
The sword was buried in his chest, the tip emerging from his back. The killing blow—just as his final spell grazed her face.
“Silver and steel.”
Yvlon whispered. Ksmvr murmured.
“Awe.”
He had no expression for this. The tableau of the battle, the short fight—ended with the two in that pose. The Necromancer, head tilted back, finger outstretched, the grim [Paladin] delivering the final blow.
They stood there, the two. In…stasis. Perhaps some kind of final spell? A triggered effect? Both combatants were frozen. Preserved.
Hair, even particles of dust suspended in perpetual motion. Time removed from time.
