8.19 H
Page 48
Jelaqua charged, flail swinging. Ulinde pivoted, firing both wands. Halrac loosed another arrow as Revi shot a spell at point-blank—
Flail-cut. Spells, disintegrated. Halrac looked to the side. Jelaqua stared at the sword in her chest. Striking her inner self.
“Jelaqua!”
A booming voice. A scream. Echoed in Pallass. Jelaqua staggered back and the Drake looked at her contemptuously.
“Your inner body is here, Selphid. And I cut—”
He never finished. He withdrew the sword and Jelaqua fell back, limply. The Drake moved so fast Halrac only saw the conclusion.
He pivoted, thrusting the blade under one arm to stab the shadow leaping towards his back. At the [Rogue].
The Drake’s sneer…vanished. Halrac, reaching for his shortsword…stopped.
He saw the Drake look down at the dagger. Then—at Seborn. The adventurers looked up.
The tip of the blade was touching the Drake’s arm.
Was it luck? No. The blow had been calculated, as the Drake was speaking, his sword buried in someone else. Merciless. Cold—calculated for when it would work after seeing the other failures.
A strike with all his weight and speed behind it. Even then, the undead nearly dodged it. Yet the tip of the enchanted dagger—touched—his arm.
Had he flinched or slowed at all, he would have been too slow. Had he done either, the sword would not have run through him.
Seborn’s blood ran blue from one part of his body, red from the rest, mixing as it dripped to the ground. Already forming a pool of liquid he slowly sank into. The sword had run him through. His voice…was triumphant.
“Got you.”
The Drake touched his arm, where the blade had struck. He looked down, and the undead wrath, the ruination of the living in his eyes was replaced by a mortal look. For a second. He let go of his sword. He looked down.
“Well done. What is your name, warrior?”
Seborn stared up at the sky, and the beautiful light above without speaking. His eyes were open. His mouth didn’t move.
The Drake stepped back. He reached down—and a hand seized him, lifting him high as a voice filled with loss filled the air.
A half-Giant tore his head off. The Drake Revenant died as fingers ripped his body to shreds. However—the bones were already turning to dust, the scales disintegrating. The magical light had already been lost.
It was done. The adventurers knelt amid blood and death.
 
—-
 
She screamed. A shriek of pain that went beyond anything he had ever heard her make. Yvlon Byres stumbled back. Her beautiful arms of silver and steel—
Were black. Were twisted. The touch of that thing—
Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer. It raged as Yvlon stumbled away. Her arms were twisting. Breaking. The pure metal—corrupted by its body.
“You send men of metal against me once more? Half-made! Pathetic! My master’s blessing breaks all!”
He towered over her, corrupt flesh as Yvlon screamed and fell, writhing. She was the last.
Az’kerash watched. The Horns of Hammerad had fought. They had fought.
That was all there was to say. A half-Elf lay, crying out, unable to make a sound over the pain. Her skin was rotting away from her hands upwards. A [Necromancer] stared up at the sky, pinned by a spear cast through his stomach, pinning him to the floor. His bleeding had slowed. Become sluggish.
A voice cried out as a hand reached to slowly grind Yvlon’s body into a wall, pressing her until stone cracked—or she did. It was broken. Az’kerash did not want to hear it.
“Stop. I did it. I slew the Putrid One. I made him suffer as he died twice. He screamed, pitifully. Stop. Stop. Why do you not touch me?”
