8.19 H
Page 43
How long the Horns of Hammerad just stood there, taking in the moment, Ceria couldn’t have said. A single second? An hour?
Urgency made her raise her head and move. She spoke, through dry lips.
“I’m going to say something obvious—no one get near that. No magic; don’t even say his…nickname. Got it?”
The other adventurers jerked. Pisces looked up and stood; had he been kneeling? Yvlon checked herself. Ksmvr lowered his crossbows and hung them at his side.
“So that’s how he died. She came through…did they come through the roof?”
Pisces looked up, eyes tracing the broken cathedral’s roof, which showed the sky. Ceria shook her head. She wrenched her eyes away from the glorious, terrible sight.
“We have to move. Wake up. Stay away from it.”
The Horns nodded. Shaking themselves, they edged around the room. Ksmvr bent to inspect the bone pile, but a sound made him look up.
“There. Look.”
Pisces was pointing towards the back. They all saw the glow of artifacts beyond. The Horns stirred.
The treasury of the Putrid One. It lay right behind the two. To get there, they would have to go around the battle in the center. Yvlon motioned and Ksmvr advanced. Ceria with Pisces on the other side. They kept along the wall, looking around.
They felt the danger. They tried not to touch anything, looking around. Surely there was a guard here. Or was the magic able to keep everything away? Yvlon felt her hair standing up. Ksmvr saw it, the closer they went to the stasis in the center—and that was as far away towards the walls as they could get.
“Traps. Traps. It’s like last time.”
Ceria was whispering to Pisces. He nodded. They were all remembering their mistake in Albez. He slowed, panting, as he reached the open door beyond. Pisces stared into the vast armory, beyond which a hundred sparkling lights waited. He raised his hand, well away from the entrance and concentrated.
“…I can’t sense…hold on. There’s so much magic…”
“If he was ambushed, maybe it’s not active?”
“Ceria, Pisces. There are scrolls on the altar. Here. See?”
Yvlon was staring at the workbench of the Putrid One. Ksmvr beheld a stone so dark on a pedestal that it stayed in his vision, searing his eyes even after he jerked his head away.
None of the Horns touched any of it. Pisces was biting his lip.
“I don’t sense traps! But I’m not high-enough level to…”
“Toss it in a bag of holding?”
Ceria was shaking. She didn’t—didn’t know what to do! They had to grab something! Yet she knew death-artifacts would turn her entire body to rot or waste her if there was a trap. Or even if they were relic-class. Yvlon gritted her teeth.
“I’ll do it. Just…where’s the Helm of Fire? I’ll grab that first and then—”
Pisces lowered his hand, sweat pouring down his face. He wiped at that with his other hand, but missed the injury on his other hand. Ksmvr’s head turned.
He saw a little trail of blood, running down Pisces’ arm from a wound opened, a scab torn. His mandibles opened.
“Pisces.”
The [Necromancer] looked down with Ceria and Yvlon. Too late, he jerked his hand up.
The little droplet of blood fell from a fingertip. It was just blood.
The drop touched the floor of the cathedral.
A single drop, touching the stone.
The Horns of Hammerad flinched. Yvlon swore.
“Pox-rotted—”
Her voice trailed off. The world did not explode. The Horns looked around. The two figures were frozen. The motes of dust in the air still held. They relaxed. Exhaling.
Ceria looked at the Putrid One and the Dullahan [Paladin], laughing shakily. Then her laughter caught and choked. Pisces followed her gaze.
