8.19 H
Page 25
A roar of fury. The Wind Runner was clearly just as startled as everyone else. The voice continued, filled with tones of rage.
“Thief! I see you—”
Ryoka Griffin whirled overhead as the wind blew her back towards safety. She shouted.
“Holy f—[Flashbang]!”
She pointed and her finger issued a single mote of light. It shot towards the opening and then—
Jericha went deaf and blind for a second as, almost directly overhead, the spell detonated. And that was from the ground. The hole abruptly closed with a shriek.
Ryoka landed, unsure of what the hell that had been. She’d just reacted instinctively when it seemed like the light reached for her—
She stood, unsteadily, then looked at Hethon and Sammial. They still hadn’t found their jaws and this wasn’t helping. Ryoka took off as Tyrion raced towards her to say something or ask what that had been—Jericha watched Ryoka go.
“Interesting. She knows the [Flareshriek] spell? It sounds—different. What was…?”
Jericha had no time to assemble this new puzzle piece with the old. She had to get back to the fighting. They were winning! Or at least, burning the undead down as fast as they came. Ryoka had the skies! Jericha would get her hands on that magnificent blade later.
And ask where it had come from, then. It…might…might be something Lord Tyrion should have been wearing, not Ryoka Griffin. If that was the case, how in the world did the Wind Runner have it?
 
—-
 
“Are they going to do it?”
“I don’t know.”
The reply was…morose? Apathetic. Preoccupied. It enraged the first, who snapped.
“Well, you’re not certain about much these days, are you?”
It was a harsh response. Typical—but not. Too aggressively pointed, too…bitter. Too much like a thrown knife, rather than a snippy comment. The second’s tone became even more defensive, taking on hurt like a shield.
“I didn’t say that. I just don’t know war. This isn’t about that.”
“I wasn’t suggesting that!”
One voice, bickering, concealing uncertainty via wrath. The second, defensive, almost sounding petulant as they argued. It could swap places. The hurt turn to wrath, the first’s voice turn to tears in a moment.
It would be music to her ears if she cared for such things. Not music; not for the [Witch]. Just a sense of satisfaction.
Lasica and Rufelt sat in their bar, trying to watch the scrying orb. Yet neither could quite focus. They didn’t meet each other’s eyes.
Like a ball of tangled thread. Tangling itself further as one pulled or the other resisted. They could have untangled the knot with time. If not for…
The Stitch Witch entered the bar. Rufelt dropped his mug. Lasica whirled. The arguing couple halted.
“You—I told you no! Why is she here?”
Rufelt whirled on Lasica. The Drake’s face became angry, for all she was worried.
“I promised her nothing! How dare you suggest—”
Another tangle. Belavierr smiled.
“I am only here to talk. Hello, Rufelt.”
“Begone. I’ll—I’ll call the Watch. I don’t want you here. You’re not welcome! You’re not allowed to come in if I don’t invite you.”
The Gnoll reached for a club under the bar. Lasica seized his arm, snarling at him.
“Don’t be a fool!”
“Be a fool?”
He snarled back. Belavierr tilted her head, waiting to interject her offer, another snarl. However…her head turned.
“What is that?”
She blinked at the scrying orb. Rufelt and Lasica halted. Lasica opened her mouth; he glared at her. She glared back and replied.
“The Village of the Dead. Adventurers, fighting.”
