8.19 H
Page 22
The adventurers turned back as the [Necromancer] whirled, striking out with a leap across the ground. He was blurring back in a moment as the halberd-wielding Skeleton Lord struck out.
Despite the huge weapon, it was faster than the last one! Pisces ducked a slash and then saw the Skeleton Lord redirect the blow mid-swing. He lunged forwards with a shout. His hand flicked—
[Shatterbolt]!
The Skeleton Lord pivoted—dug the tip of the halberd into the ground, and with inhuman strength and agility, used it to vault over Pisces’ head. It wrenched the halberd free in a spray of stones, cutting—he wasn’t there.
The two blurring figures halted, Pisces panting, the Skeleton Lord regarding him. The adventurers halted, uncertain. One raised a wand.
“Don’t—”
Pisces leaned back as the halberd nearly cut his nose in two, ending his sniffing for good. The Skeleton Lord reset itself smoothly. It left no openings! Pisces cursed. Then he went for broke.
The greater undead sensed the moving stones and turned. However, instead of swinging its halberd to the rising, hostile skeleton warrior that Pisces had summoned, it swung one gauntleted fist in a savage backhand, knocking the skeleton to pieces.
Still—it was one-handed. Pisces lunged in. His free hand blasted a rain of acid at the Skeleton Lord’s face. His rapier in the other hand launched outwards in a stab.
The Skeleton Lord was caught. It had two threats—and chose the far lesser one. It dodged around the acid, let the rapier glance off its leg, contemptuous. It was a skeleton! Greater Undead! Even if the rapier had been enchanted, it would have to hack through its bones, not just score a flesh hit!
It planted itself to whirl the halberd and put an end to this ridiculous fight. The skeleton—felt itself falling?
It caught itself with the butt of the halberd. Pisces had leapt back. Now, he looked at the Skeleton Lord. Confused, the undead looked down. How…?
His right leg lay beneath him. Gone. Armor had fallen along with bones. They had…shattered…where the rapier struck them!
[Bone Fracture]. Or some variation of the spell. It had torn apart the bones, fractured then shattered them in an instant. The kind of spell no one knew because it didn’t work on living people—only one kind of person would learn that spell.
A [Necromancer].
It—that wasn’t—the Skeleton Lord tried to balance on one leg. The [Necromancer]! A [Necromancer] with a rapier, who could get close and deliver the spell! The Human was too weak to snap his neck, but his command of bones by touch—
The Skeleton Lord swung its weapon, teeth gnashing, challenging the [Necromancer]. Very well—very well! It waited.
Pisces just pointed. The Skeleton Lord’s head turned. The adventurers were taking aim. It looked back at Pisces and glared at him.
Coward. Fight fair—
After the blasted corpse had fallen, Pisces recovered the broken skull and limped on. It seemed to work as a taunt. He ignored the skeleton’s silent ire, even after its destruction. Fight fair? Who did that if they wanted to win?
 
—-
 
An hour had passed since nightfall, and the war raged on. It was a war, and no one could honestly say who was winning.
Not even the Titan of Baleros; certainly not anyone guessing from any one heroic stand. Yes, the Lich Coven was dead. So what? This was a pernicious foe without limits.
However, the living fought, creating moments of heroism to keep that hope alive. Like the Wind Runner of Reizmelt.
“Thirty six! Thirty seven! That’s thirty seven dead Gold-rank class monsters by the Courier, Ryoka Griffin!”
