8.19 H
Page 40
When he opened them, the [Duelist] sighed. He was neither Tomoor nor fully Az’kerash. He finished his salute and faced the Drake of old, whispering a Skill.
The two met in a clash that would have killed Tomoor if he had been a step off. The Drake’s eyes widened and he began to smile. At last! 
They danced under moonlight, outside the dead village. A dance with blades and art and grace.
 
—-
 
The Horns of Hammerad staggered down street after street. At first the city conformed to a regular layout. Then it began to twist in on itself. Now—they walked down boulevards that felt slanted. Past walls they could see over, for all they were twice the height of the adventurers.
In and in. Yvlon felt sick. She felt death magic, at least, pressing down around her. A purity of power that even the non-[Mages] could sense.
“Pisces. I feel…”
Ceria cut off. Her bone-hand was trembling. She looked around, and then shuddered. Ksmvr stopped, aiming his crossbow, but Pisces held up a hand.
“Don’t. I don’t think…”
A wave of carrion parted in front of them. Scuttling beetles, some as long as Yvlon’s leg. Tens of thousands of them. Centipedes, rats—all undead.
They were lining the walls and street. Covering every surface. Ceria breathed, eyes wide.
“Undead beetles?”
Pisces murmured.
“Harbingers of plague and pestilence. I always knew it could be done. Yet this is…isn’t even a spell. It’s a byproduct. Don’t—don’t attack them.”
“If they swarm us—”
Yvlon began to walk, even so. The Horns advanced, slowly, seeing the mindless creatures parting in front of them like a wave. They were still.
Waiting.
“They’ll wait for an order. Something’s ahead. Do you feel it? Something—”
Pisces was shuddering. Now, the reality seemed to hit him. It had hit Yvlon from the start. She put one hand on her sword.
“Grab it and run. Whatever it is—the Helm of Fire, an artifact—one thing. We run.”
The others nodded. They walked ahead.
A silent building waited for them in the center of it all. They had seen it from the moment the world started warping.
There it was. A single, rounded building, half caved-in at the roof. A…cathedral? A building of old, pale marble ruined, moving with the insects.
The Horns of Hammerad staggered towards it. They reached the door.
Within, they found the Necromancer.
 
—-
 
The duel of Instructor Tomoor and the Revenant Drake was shown around the world. In silence, adventurers and viewers saw the two touch blades, strike at each other, pivot, attack—all without a word.
They had seen battle and bravery when the King of Duels earned his name against the King of Destruction. Yet that moment had been defiant action, blood and courage as both bled the other.
This? This was skill. The purest heart of it. Neither man nor Drake touched one another. They were both at the height of their respective disciplines. One with a dueling sword, curved, warding his areas of attack and defense in perfect unison.
The other a fencer, rapier and parrying dagger moving in a completely separate modality of combat.
It stunned viewers, who had not expected this display of talent. Tomoor’s family, his students, his son and wife saw the Human man fighting out of his mind, on a level they had never dreamt he knew.
Courage? Heroic inspiration? They would find reasons for it later.
The truth was Az’kerash. Perril Chandler. He pivoted, and Tomoor’s living body moved with him. When he uttered a Skill, it was one Tomoor knew. He lanced out in piercing thrusts, trying to touch that Drake’s scales!
