8.19 H
Page 24
The Queen gasped and looked to her husband. Itorin hesitated and glanced at the Duke. Rhisveri met his eyes, glanced at Oiena, and snorted. He focused on the young woman again.
Let’s see. Black hair? Check. Height…yes, that’s about right. Female? Check. Human? Check. 
He hadn’t been able to find…but his spells could do exact measurements. Even stupid ones. Breast size? He squinted at the image; clicked his tongue in annoyance. Skin tone was absolutely on, though. Did she have green eyes?
Every detail. Now the Duke stepped forwards, between the royal family and the scrying orb.
“Uncle!”
The young [Prince] of Ailendamus complained. He went to kick Rhisveri’s back—Itorin caught it.
“Enough.”
He gave his family a warning look. Silently, they stared as Rhisveri blocked their view, uncertain now.
“What…is that woman’s name?”
“Ryoka Griffin.”
Rhisveri snapped around so fast that the [King], [Queen], and their children flinched.
“Ryoka—”
Itorin II opened his mouth, but the Duke was already striding off. His voice was furious. How? How, how…? Drath? Of course! That—
 
—-
 
Hope and despair and hope again. Seborn wished the battle would take one side or the other. He was panting. He was thirsty.
The sight of Ryoka Griffin in the skies made him think he’d lost his mind completely. Yet there she was, killing more undead effortlessly.
“Ulinde. Tell me you see that.”
The Selphid [Spellslinger] gaped upwards. She had thought seeing Mage Merzun entering the battle and blowing one of the Liches to bits would be the strangest sight in the skies.
This? She saw a lightning bolt called from far away hit a Wyvern and Ryoka kill another, de-winging it, the safest strike. Wistram was in this battle! They had nothing to lose.
Ryoka though? Seborn cursed. The mysterious archer was still there!
“Ryoka! Dive! Here! Get down! Ryoka!”
His voice was too far away to reach her. The Wind Runner zigzagged through the air, so fast and randomly that Seborn thought she was safer than she looked, despite the risk—but he was still looking for a way to signal her. Ksmvr? The Antinium and Zenol had rejoined them, after killing thirteen more Liches and breaking free onto the street.
It was as Seborn looked up that he saw the hole in the skies open. The closer they came to the city of the dead—let alone entered the winding streets—the weaker their magical links became.
Speaking stones failed. [Lesser Teleport] scrolls malfunctioned. The adventurers were holding on the outskirts, where city met village. It was as if any foreign magic died in the city. Seborn had no idea how Ryoka’s artifact or wind powers could function. Wistram’s Archmage could barely call down a single lightning bolt every twenty three minutes!
Some spell managed to break through the power of the Village of the Dead, though. It wasn’t an undead’s spell—and nor was it an adventurer’s as it turned out.
Ryoka Griffin whirled as purple, no, amaranthine light shone down. Black light, though. As if it were the inverse of light itself.
A hole in the sky opened over her head. She saw a single, massive, blinking eye. Like a certain eye of a dark lord, a huge vertical slit of rage focusing on her. A voice boomed through the skies, ringing with fury.
“I’ve found you.”
 
—-
 
Jericha felt the spell breach the skies in the distance. She saw the Wind Runner recoil, fleeing, but the hole in the sky followed her. Was something…reaching for her? The bellowed words made her look for Hethon and Sammial, just to make sure they were safe.
