8.19 H
Page 51
“Take us to safety. Please. Show us the way.”
To whom? She listened, half-fading in and out of consciousness. Behind them, a voice roared. It was coming. Yvlon heard Pisces entreaty again.
“Please.”
She tried to lift her hand.
 
—-
 
The Necromancer had nothing. Az’kerash had made it past many defenders, halting when he had beheld the Revenants, the true danger here.
The greatest servant of the Putrid One? If he had a link with Pisces as he had with his other puppets—perhaps. Perhaps.
Even then, he was not sure. Now? At a remove, with nothing to aid them, no agents left? The Necromancer had used his great artifacts. If only he had one…one scroll! One…
He looked through Pisces’ eyes as the woman mumbled, her golden hair trailing. The Necromancer saw Pisces look down at her remaining hand and what it held.
The golden law of adventurers in a raid. Az’kerash’s breath caught.
Steal everything.
One of the scrolls from the altar was grasped in Yvlon’s hand. Pisces moved a hand to grab at it. It couldn’t be…? Az’kerash did not dare to hope.
But what kind of scroll would a [Necromancer] keep close to hand? Might be in the process of using when he was attacked in his sanctuary?
The glowing letters burned Pisces’ vision. Magic of a kind written in an era long lost. Even then, it was so rare. So perfect.
[Greater Teleport].
 
—-
 
In that moment, Pisces felt hope.
In that moment, it was dashed.
The Necromancer of Terandria spoke in his mind even as Pisces slowed. As the cathedral exploded and something came, destroying streets as it heaved itself along, screaming vengeance.
“It requires a target. Coordinates.”
So send them—! Pisces saw Ceria pointing, creating walls of ice. Ksmvr dragging at Yvlon, who had fainted. He unfurled the scroll.
“Take us. Please!”
Az’kerash sat in his castle. He looked at the other three. His voice was quiet as he replied.
“They will never walk from my castle alive. I could not allow it.”
Pisces stopped, the spell scroll in his hands. There was only one place the Necromancer had coordinates to. Only a place of perfect safety, where he might escape. And that was only his lair. He might tolerate an apprentice. Not others. Not with his secret.
Bitter. It tasted so bitter. The Necromancer meant every word. Or so Pisces believed.
Yvlon was blearily looking up. Ceria was running back, seeing the shape bulge higher. Ksmvr was looking to the young man who had stopped in the street.
He faced the cathedral, where the Putrid One had been laid to rest. He spoke to the sky. His words were longing and bitter. He reached up, holding the shining scroll aloft in entreaty. Calling to him.
To them.
“You are more than a [Necromancer]. More than undead. You are something more than just death and bile, aren’t you? Please. What is there for me to believe in down this lonely road, then? You were a hero to someone, weren’t you? Give me something to…believe in. Please.”
Neither one replied. The young man asked for glory. He asked for beauty and meaning and hope. Had they both lost any trace of it?
Was there any glory, any goodness in death? Or was this how it ended?
Az’kerash sat there. Then his head rose. His eyes opened wide.
“Use the scroll.”
Pisces unfurled the artifact. Tolveilouka charged forwards, howling, realizing what they were doing. The Horns of Hammerad looked at Pisces.
“We might die.”
That was all he said. Ceria reached out. She grabbed his arm. Yvlon felt Ksmvr connect her to Pisces’ other arm.
“Only ‘might’? Then do it.”
