8.19 H
Page 15
Lord Tyrion’s army had not benefited from the Skills aiding the adventurers. The reason was simple: his was a Human army, the forces of a [Lord] of Izril. One of the Five Families.
Similarly, the adventurers who hailed from every place in the world were all individuals. The army was an army.
They fought with only a handful of Skills making it across the vast distance. And of them—
Tyrion Veltras cursed as he felt a hand grabbing at his authority, distracting him. His lance went wide, clipping the head of the Draugr. Such Skills interfered with his command of the battlefield!
“Break away!”
For the umpteenth time, his riders fell back with him. Less now. His forces had begun taking real casualties. His bloodless training battle?
A shrieking Wyvern dove from the skies, biting, crushing men and women and tearing about with brute strength, refusing to die even as it was stabbed countless times, showered with arrows.
Tyrion reached for his sword.
“[Thirty-foot Slash].”
His swing chopped halfway through the neck, but the Skill wasn’t enough. The Wyvern was distracted, though, and a flashing, glowing blade burning orange-green finished the cut.
Kaalblade. The House of El’s forces were fighting shoulder-to-shoulder with House Veltras. So were Terlands’ guards and the Golems.
Three of the Five Families, fighting here! And they were being pushed back.
“Jericha, the fliers are breaching your aerial cover! Pull the rear back!”
“Milord, we cannot move the trebuchets—”
Tyrion swung his sword about him, breaking clear of the melee. He saw a [Rider] go down behind him. He turned—but the man or woman was already dead, caught by the milling undead.
“Abandon them if you must. Guard the nobility and the coach!”
He looked towards the rear of the desperate fighting and saw the non-combatants sheltering behind Jericha’s magic, and all the archers. The crossbow-wielding [Mercenaries] were targeting the fliers, but there were so many and they were so hard to kill unless you destroyed their head!
Undead Griffins, Wyverns, and so on. Powerful undead coming out of the city. Tyrion turned.
The first undead giant had come marching towards his lines. He had not brought forces meant to fight them.
He should retreat. Yet the [Lord] was aware that if he did—the adventurers within the Village of the Dead were surely dead. He owed them only a promise to a Courier; there was little to gain here and—he looked towards the coach—everything to lose.
Lord Tyrion Veltras did not call the full retreat in that minute. Nor the next.
It would cost him…his head turned up as he saw coordination. Movement. Eight Wyverns loaded with Draugr dropped out of the skies towards the trebuchets. And the little coach.
He turned and began racing back, through the undead, his people. Too slow. Jericha was trying to bring them down.
Too slow.
 
—-
 
“The Lifwail Blades are dead. I cannot contact them.”
The battle was…were they losing or winning? He could not tell.
Prince Zenol saw two of his bodyguards die. He would have let them use his spare limbs—there was no point. One’s head was torn to bits, the life-thread destroyed. The other consumed by magic from above. What his people feared. Fire.
He could not tell if they were winning or losing. The undead had no quantifiable numbers, no morale. Thus—so long as adventurers lived, that was his only metric.
They were dying, though. He had gotten separated from Yvlon and Dorgon in the fighting. He had linked up with another group just by luck.
