8.19 H
Page 19
Ryoka waved. Then she looked at her sword. The words of the Faerie King began to echo in her head.
“The time has come for you to do more than just run.”
The Wind Runner looked around. Her face was lit by the glowing weapon she held. Hethon and Sammial had lost their jaws, perhaps never to be recovered. They stared at the Courier. She pointed at them with a shaking finger.
“Stay—stay there. Okay?”
They nodded. Ryoka looked around. She took a breath. Then she spread her arms. The Wingsuit caught the sudden breeze.
 
—-
 
Mrsha, Tyrion, an open-mouthed Drassi, and the world watched the young woman fly. She went nearly straight up, holding the glowing blade.
Straight towards an undead Griffin. It dove at her, shrieking. The Wind Runner swung, frantically—the wind slammed her right and the Griffin missed. Dizzily, the Wind Runner recovered—and was blown into its back. She impaled the Griffin, almost by accident, through the head.
She had the sense to whirl the blade. And—the Griffin fell, head diced to pieces. In a moment! In a swing! The Wind Runner didn’t have time to process that; the wind took her in a loop-de-loop, over another diving Wyvern’s head. She passed it—and her sword cut through one wing, shearing through and sending the beast falling to the ground.
Two monsters, dead. Ryoka turned, pausing for a second. Then she dove, and the winged horrors began to die.
 
—-
 
Lord Deilan’s mouth was so wide open that he nearly got a few droplets of liquid in it. He closed it hurriedly. Perhaps only he’d noticed that Ryoka Griffin had taken that moment to vomit after the sudden motions in the air.
The wind was blowing her as if it had a mind of its own! Slowly, he saw her begin to take command, dodging, rolling in the air with more finesse. She looped around a Wyvern and slashed through one wing, then the other.
It dropped like a stone. The [Lord] of the House of El couldn’t believe it. His eyes never left the glowing blade in her hands. It was effortless as it swung, a projected beam of pure energy that turned Gold-rank undead into corpses in seconds.
“Lord Deilan?”
A quiet voice from his left. The [Lord] stopped his frantic run towards the coach where Lord Tyrion’s sons had been about to…he shuddered.
“Yes? Desiree?”
The woman was looking up at Ryoka too. But she spoke, the [Message] scroll in her hand.
“We have now sold all one hundred and ninety nine Kaalblades in our possession. We have begun manufacture of the rest…for a backlog nearly three times that number.”
“Despite the cost?”
“Despite the cost. I have over a thousand requests for Miss Ryoka Griffin’s custom-made…Kaalblade.”
Desiree looked up. So did Lord Deilan El. He watched the Wind Runner slay another monster and send it falling as the people below cheered and pointed.
“What should I tell them, Deilan?”
His cousin looked uncertain. Lord Deilan’s mouth worked. The truth? He eventually responded.
“…Tell them the Wind Runner’s blade…the sword. The Windsword is clearly, obviously, a custom-made artifact and we cannot take orders for more. Yet. However, the House of El is pleased she is finding her artifact so efficacious in this battle.”
Desiree’s eyes widened, and then she smiled and nodded. Deilan went back to watching Ryoka as she scribbled urgently.
All the truth. Technically. He was getting better at this.
 
—-
 
The Wind Runner flew through the air, death to any undead trying to contest it. She was more nimble than a bird! Impossible to hit!
…Or rather, the wind was. Ryoka was just along for the ride and her sword did the rest. Even so—
