8.19 H
Page 21
There, on the Frostmarrow Behemoth’s back was a figure. She had created a kind of cage of ice, such that when the undead reared back, she could still stand. Ceria Springwalker pressed her hands to the creation’s back and the ice regrew.
The Frostmarrow Behemoth’s jaws opened and it bit the undead giant’s head. It began to crush the helmet and skull and both fell to earth with a tumultuous impact. The other zombie raised its club to smash in the ice-and-bone creation’s head.
Ice formed a shield across two roofs, catching the arm. The zombie tore it apart after a few seconds, but the Frostmarrow Behemoth was already turning.
 
—-
 
“Attack! Ram it! Ram it!”
Ceria was screaming as her command-seat on top of the Behemoth’s back shook. The creation charged forwards, striking the undead giant in the stomach. The other creation stumbled—or tried to.
One of its ankles was engulfed in ice. Trapped, it went over and the Frostmarrow Behemoth, the bone-ice bear-thing began to savage it.
“Two down!”
Like a madwoman, the half-Elf danced about, channeling more icy power into the Behemoth. She heard a voice.
“What are you doing? Get down! You’ll be crushed!”
Eldertuin. He’d noticed where she’d gone. Ceria ignored him. This was the only way! Laughing like a maniac, she directed her giant colossus towards the next opponent. Giant monster fight! Giant monster fight!
If they survived this, Ceria was going to do this with Pisces and maybe Revi for fun. She knew she was going to die. She knew she was insane. But she was going to drag as many undead down as she could.
Her bones shook as something hit the Frostmarrow Behemoth. Ceria was flung against her protective cage. She wiped at her bloody nose. She was bleeding from cuts, and she was concussed with each blow. She didn’t care.
Someone had to kill those things.
 
—-
 
The Skeleton Lord had killed two Silver-ranks before the rest could run. It advanced, with a stalking grace. That was their error, if there was any.
They had personality, so the high-level undead weren’t perfect killing machines. It could have slaughtered more adventurers if it had just moved into the next charge, but it had to have style. Dignity.
It halted as the adventurers met a figure in the street. For a moment they drew back in horror. A lone undead? A—
The young man was alive. He had a white robe on, which he’d altered to keep from tripping him up. He stood as the adventurers rushed past him. A burning rapier in one hand…something in the other.
The Skeleton Lord stopped, sensing a foe it should take more seriously. The magical flames in its eye sockets fixed on what the [Necromancer] was holding.
Pisces Jealnet had two minor cuts on his leg and chest. His white robe would have shown more blood if it hadn’t been enchanted against stains. He was breathing hard. His breath came in ragged gasps, yet he still had strength to lift the other Skeleton Lord’s head.
He tossed it down onto the street. His foot came down and shattered the skull.
The undead warrior regarded Pisces. It lifted the halberd it was carrying and saluted him. Pisces lifted his rapier—then lowered it, sniffed, and spat in the street.
The Skeleton Lord charged with a silent roar. Like an arrow, it launched across the street, halberd whirling to cut the insolent Human in two! It slashed—
Pisces [Flash Stepped] back. His rapier darted out, trying to deflect the blade. The Skeleton Lord was strong! It was like trying to block one of Yvlon’s full force blows. His hand rang.
