8.19 H
Page 3
Eldertuin was bellowing, issuing orders. Ceria had no idea what he meant for a moment. Then her eyes widened.
“[Ice Wall!]”
Ice appeared and spread, thickening into the multiple feet of solid protection that could stop even the spells or a Draugr’s charge for a while. But not on the ground—it spread from rooftop to rooftop! Forming an aerial shield from the flying undead, spells, and arrows. Ceria lifted her hands, brows furrowing with effort as she created a fortress of ice. Pisces fought, stabbing, conjuring an orb of acid—but he never took his eyes from the heart of the city.
 
—-
 
Two places held. Three—four. That was all Niers Astoragon saw. The rest of the adventurers were fleeing, regrouping or just running, nerves broken.
He sat, clenching his hands, watching the battle unfold from above. He was too far away to ‘see’ the battlefield with his Skills. Yet he had to! He saw adventurers die from archers and whatever high-level undead had that barrier-breaching arrow.
Liches in the skies. Undead Wyverns? Not to mention whatever giants were out there, and armored undead infantry.
Where? He waited—vibrating with intensity. His was not the despair in the rest of the inn.
“Show me. Show me, you motherless mage-brats! Don’t pan over the battle, show me—”
He had to find it. The Titan’s whisper went ignored in the inn, even by the Gnolls. The only person who looked towards him was Apista.
And the frantic head of the little Gnoll. Niers ignored her. He was—waiting—
 
—-
 
A frozen grin on his face, the King of Destruction watched as the viewpoint of the scrying orb shifted. The smile had been genuine a minute ago. Yet contrary to what they believed, he did not enjoy this.
Tyrion Veltras’ forces were falling back as the Village of the Dead disgorged an armored legion fit for any Chandrarian nation’s best. He saw armored Draugr advancing, shields raised, ignoring the effective rain of arrows that had killed countless undead. They were using the other undead still on the field like shields.
Even the Lord of House Veltras couldn’t just charge into them. He did it once, with a group of a hundred and twenty. The rest of the [Riders] held back, circling, baiting the undead into chasing them, but something was leading them, such that the rest were advancing on the infantry, forcing a clash.
“He held back the rest of his [Riders]?”
Maresar didn’t understand. Tyrion Veltras was riding forwards, set in a jouster’s position. He surged up and down, his lance tip never wavering. Behind him came other [Riders] carrying spears and lances.
“The rest must not be high-level enough. They’ll die on the charge.”
Venith murmured. On cue, the image of Tyrion Veltras was lost as he accelerated.
A hundred and twenty lancers crashed into the Draug, their weapons piercing armor, throwing the hulking undead down. Dozens of spears or lances shattered and bent from the stress, but the [Riders] were already breaking away, following Tyrion Veltras.
He had killed two Draugr in a single charge, putting his lance through one’s head and then using the momentum to kill another. Those two did not get up.
Half of the Draugr did. Flos saw mortal wounds on any Human, Stitchfolk, Dullahan, or other species ignored as the undead picked themselves up with gaping wounds in their armor. Tyrion was circling, looking for another charge. But his head was turned, looking up. He was bellowing orders unheard, and his soldiers were scrambling to maneuver. Their formation had changed, scattered because of—
