8.19 H
Page 20
Ceria couldn’t stop laughing. Elia Arcsinger heard it over her speaking stone as she rose. It was time.
The undead were still coming. The heroics of Prince Zenol had ended the Lich Coven. So the adventurers could fight. So many, though?
Elia looked up past her rooftop and shook her head.
“I have never seen so many. Even the Necromancer could not…so many kinds.”
What she saw was the full power of a [Necromancer] in their lair. The Named Adventurer looked up and saw a waddling giant like the smaller containers of tiny undead. More zombie-giants armored in metal. And a giant bone horror.
All smashing the Frostmarrow Behemoth. Yet Ceria was laughing, somewhere. Why? Because of her friend? Did she know the Wind Runner? She had said as much.
Elia had no time for questions. The Frostmarrow Behemoth had survived four battles with undead of its size. It was clearly superior to most of the mundane ones, but the faster-moving giant looked like a Draugr scaled up. Could that even happen? Her blood ran cold at the idea.
“The behemoth will fall! I will buy your group time to retreat with my greatest Skill. Eldertuin, fall back!”
“Acknowledged, Arcsinger.”
Her daughter looked up, eyes shining, and began shouting into her stone.
“Arcsinger is using her Skill! Fall back! Fall—”
The Named Adventurer tuned her out. The rest of the world grew silent. All she listened to was her own frantically-beating heart. She saw a memory. A charging monster, looking at her.
Her shot was urged on by more than just the need. Intuition. Now, the little voice urged her. Elia trusted in it. It wasn’t hers. She was familiar with that voice.
“[Line-Ender Shot].”
She drew back on her golden bow and her arrow blazed. At the same time, she heard the voice turn joyous.
 
—-
 
The King of Avel, one of the most famous kingdoms in the world for its archers, raised his bow. The Arrow of a Thousand Leagues was confiscated. However, the royal bow gleamed as he triumphantly shouted.
“Now!”
The power of his bow, one of the greatest artifacts of Terandria remaining, unleashed itself.
 
—-
 
[Bound Skill: Royal Command — Fourfold Volley]!
Elia fired. And four arrows pierced the sky. Adventurers and undead looked up as four lines of light shot forwards and—pierced—the heads of four giants.
Four figures collapsed. The arrows continued, blasting through buildings, even the torso of another undead. On the ground, Eldertuin heard insane cheering as adventurers shouted her name, and the half-Elf raised her arm.
Arcsinger!
Her greatest Skill, worthy of the slayer of the Goblin King, had felled four giants, each with a single blow! Eldertuin watched the undead collapse.
“Not enough.”
There were more. Two zombie giants were fighting the Frostmarrow Behemoth. Tearing it apart with huge bashing strikes of their clubs. It was going to fall. Eldertuin shook his head, calling for Ceria to retreat.
He…
How long have I been thinking that? The Named Adventurer caught himself. Eldertuin the Fortress could have sworn he’d seen the same sight not thirty minutes ago. The Frostmarrow Behemoth, taking terrible damage even as it beat down the other undead. How was it…
His head turned. The former-[Farmer] looked up. He’d wondered why Ryoka Griffin liked the Horns. Perhaps it was just friendship, which had touched him.
Now he knew more of why the Courier was friends with this team.
They were all as mad as she was.
