8.19 H
Page 33
Yet this was a magic different, but no less terrible than one of the horrors floating above. The living man walked, fighting with another man’s talents and will. A living puppet.
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion Veltras’ army was streaming back, on a full, ordered retreat. Ryoka Griffin screamed. She knew he had to do it.
But her friends! Below, the adventurers were running. Some turned, fighting as they ran like Tomoor, Eldertuin, Halrac, loosing arrows, slowing the undead at risk of their lives.
The undead were so fast, though. Ryoka turned—but the wind was dragging her away. She felt sick. Her body was already burning with the exhaustion of swinging the blade so many times, weightless or not. She would have turned and fought, even so.
She could not. Ryoka Griffin felt her body…dying. For a second; then the wind blew her out of the range of that terrible eye. One look and its aura had sapped her energy. She had felt her very cells perishing, or so it seemed.
The wind saved her. The undead would have tagged her a hundred, a thousand times in the air. Her blessing of the fae…Ryoka looked back and down.
“No.”
They were coming out.
“Little worms.”
The greatest of the titans finally stood. He strode forwards, faster than the other giant undead moving through the city. He brought down his club and smashed the remains of the Frostmarrow Behemoth, pinned by the shadow-giant.
“Intruders who come so far. What are you? How dare you?”
A whisper through the skies. Ryoka saw something pursuing her. A woman—not a ghostly wraith, fading into obscurity, but fully-realized. Her dress was elegant; her body pristine, beautiful.
Oh—and she had wings. Fangs. The woman was dead, yet apparently even Vampires could serve after they had been slain. Ryoka saw one of Fierre’s ancestors swooping towards her.
Revenants. They moved forwards, finally awoken, taking wrath into their own hands. The undead Giant began to run, pursuing the adventurers. Ryoka saw the Vampire reaching for her; the wind blew her desperately away, diving towards the city.
In response, the woman transformed. A horror of wings pursued the Courier.
 
—-
 
Halrac looked up as the giant charged. No one would outrun that. With each step, he covered far too much ground. And he ran as fast as a normal man.
Revenant. Greatest of the undead. Trapped souls. It was laughing as it raised its club.
“Run, little worms. You will never escape this place.”
Halrac lifted his bow and shot an arrow. The glowing projectile hit the running giant and detonated on armor. It left not a scratch. But the Revenant turned towards him. It smiled, exposing the remains of teeth. Oozing things in its mouth, lesser undead squirming, waiting to be expelled.
“Damn.”
The [Scout] looked up as the club swung down. Dodge. He had to…where? He wasn’t Ksmvr. How?
“Idiot. I shouldn’t have tried to be brave.”
The club flashed to earth.
“Wrong. Courage is its own reward.”
An adventurer halted beside Halrac. He looked up—Halrac saw a grin. But wait. The adventurer was d—
The club struck the earth. The Revenant-Giant blinked. He lifted the club and looked at it.
A stump rose in his hand. The other half lay on the ground. Shocked, the undead looked down.
“Why? The living must die.”
The undead Drake lowered his sword and smiled.
“I am free.”
The huge face twisted overhead. Halrac saw the Revenant’s face turn from gloating glee to mortal apprehension. The huge, rotted mouth opened.
“TRAITOR.”
