8.19 H
Page 11
A bolt of lightning hit one of the Liches mid-air and vaporized it. Drassi, overwhelmed and trying to commentate, saw an icon flash up on the scrying orb’s projection, without her even doing anything.
 
[Lightning Bolt], courtesy of Archmage Viltach.
 
The little indicator faded after a second. More began popping up. The [Reporter] finally realized what was going on.
They were using their Skills! That was obvious. But what she hadn’t realized was how many were using their Skills.
“That’s sixty two—sixty two Skills activated at long-range! I’m reading the Queen of Desonis, the King of Destruction, Commander Luxri of the Hanging Serpents—”
Why so many? Why now? Obviously—because they had been waiting, these [Strategists] and monarchs and [Generals]. They had prepared for this moment. Every single one of the many people who’d watched the first time and, individually, come to the same conclusion.
Why, if the King of Destruction can do it, I’ll do it next time and take credit, make a splash—
Hundreds of people all coming to the same original, completely un-unique idea to attract attention. What had made a splash because it was so unprecedented took on a different tone now.
Every continent in the world save for one was lending a hand to the adventurers in the Village of Death. The exception of course, being Rhir.
“They’re learning old tricks and calling them new ones. Do you see that? The Blighted Kingdom has known about this for ages.”
The [Lord] indicated the Skills exploding across the Village of Death, the renewed fighting among the adventurers. He turned to the [Knight] with dark skin and a worried look on his face. The younger man looked at him.
“Aren’t you going to do something, Lord Hayvon?”
“We don’t waste our Skills, Richard. Adventurers’ glory on Izril will not protect Rhir from the Demons.”
Richard stared at Lord Hayvon, and then turned to the scrying orb. He spoke, never looking away from the fighting.
“Maybe not. But if I could lend a hand, I would. Didn’t you say one of those teams was Hell’s Wardens? They’re people. Like us. Or does the Blighted Kingdom survive without help, Lord Hayvon?”
The man glanced at Richard, and his brows crossed. He stood there, thinking.
Then all five continents took part in the battle.
 
—-
 
“He is shooting birds! Do you see? Do you s—”
Bird was running around, all four arms raised and waving in the common room, crashing into chairs and tables. Selys was sniffing, holding—
She looked at Ulvama, whom she was squeezing with both arms. The Hobgoblin [Shaman] glowered at her. Selys let go.
“Where’s Mrsha?”
Her answer wasn’t needed. Mrsha came striding out of the kitchen, a bowl of dip in her paws. She put it on the table, sat down in between Selys and Ulvama and leaned forwards, chin on her paws. Every line of her body had changed from despair to determination.
Let’s help. She scrutinized the battle like a [Strategist]. Selys and Ulvama peered at her as the Titan resumed watching from the beam. However, Niers was searching for another target. Half the Skills had been just thrown into poor spots. With enthusiasm and effect—not efficacy. That was fine. The adventurers had far more of a chance with so many high-level Skills at their back.
Niers was frowning at Lord Tyrion’s army. They were being ignored—he raised his hand, hoping the scrying orb would focus on them.
Then the Antinium crashed through the front door and some ran out of the basement. The Brothers shouted in alarm—but the Black Tide of the Antinium was—
“I heard. Where—where are they?”
