8.19 H
Page 28
Montressa du Valeross was crying. It was the only sound in the inn, again. Niers had raised his hand, but he didn’t know…these foes.
They were the same things Montressa saw every night. The same undead that had rampaged through…
 
—-
 
“Archmage Nekhret’s guardians.”
Pisces stood in the street, looking up at the floating undead. They were just one of many. Now, the [Necromancer] felt it in his bones. So that was the level of this place.
That was their folly. He hesitated, raising the speaking stone to his lips. He knew she was watching, from wherever she was, reliving his horror.
“Ceria? Ceria…Yvlon? Ksmvr? Can you hear me? We must…”
 
—-
 
It was then he spoke. The [Veteran Scout]. Halrac lifted the speaking stone to his lips. He spoke one word.
“Retreat. Run. Get out of the city. We can’t fight this.”
He saw Ryoka Griffin fleeing the skies. She had locked blades with a single one of the wraiths—and it had shattered her sword like glass with its weapon. Only a twist in the air had saved her.
He heard his word repeated from Elia, and Eldertuin, gasping with pain. And one more place. Halrac thought it was just someone with a copy of his stone, but then he turned his head.
Throughout it all, they had never stopped the broadcast. The heroism, the action, the adventure, triumph and failure had all been shown on the scrying orbs, through the eyes of [Mages] on the ground, through the skies—as close as they could get to the city before the spells began to fail.
Now, she sat there. No longer the observer who occasionally commented. Nor the [Reporter] bringing the story to life.
It was just Drassi. She spoke into the scrying orb.
“Retreat. If there are any adventurers listening to our broadcast—retreat. This isn’t a suggestion. Run as fast as you can. It’s not a fight for you. Is it? Your Majesty?”
“No.”
The voice was cold, but not heartless. It echoed—yet it was not malicious. The first caller-in in the world’s history, King Fetohep of Khelt, spoke into the scrying orb. The undead king, one of the last experts who could speak, looked past Drassi. Into Halrac’s eyes.
“These undead are beyond you, adventurers. Summon another army. Summon Named Adventurers in the quantities of Gold-ranks that were here. Mundane blades will not even touch wraiths or ghosts. The Jaws of Zeikhal can survive Tier 6 spells, even in infancy. That shadow will destroy the Frostmarrow Behemoth without a scratch. I tell you, run. A Revenant walks that city. You heard it speak. It has all the Skills it had in life, as I do. Flee. There is no cowardice in it. All that remains now is suicide.”
The Gold-rank captain closed his eyes. Hearing it made it no less painful. However, he stood.
“You heard him. Run. I need a rear-guard to slow them down.”
The adventurers in his company, who had fought to the bitter end looked at Halrac’s face. Then they turned and began to run. A few tried to slow the undead as the rest began to flee the slaughter.
 
—-
 
They came through the city, one final wave to end it all. The invaders had done so well. They had slaughtered the failures who had come before. They had killed rank-and-file. However, now they died.
The greatest undead were few in number. Yet what the adventurers had experienced with the undead was now reversed. The undead barely fell, and tore through the adventurers and army outside without slowing.
Tyrion Veltras locked blades with a wraith. He exchanged blows, his shield repelling some strikes; tasting cold pain in his chest as he took wounds his armor didn’t block.
