8.19 H
Page 31
Her arm went through one of the specters’ chests. It screamed again, but still tried to cut her. It—
“[Armform: Razorkind].”
For the first time that battle, Yvlon abandoned the Human shape of her arms. The silver-steel flesh rippled.
Spikes of metal exploded through the Wraith’s chest. Her arm turned into a ball of thin needles, shooting outwards like a porcupine’s quills.
The undead vanished in a wail and miasma of lights. The other swung its blade, desperately.
It locked its sword with Yvlon’s other arm.
[Armform: Duelist]. The woman’s arm was gone. All that remained was a metal blade, which she swung into it.
The Minotaurs saw the [Armsmistress] whirl as more undead came down the street. They shouted at her, shocked by the transformation of her arms. They saw her begin to run—
The wrong way. The woman grabbed a Draugr’s head and a spike of metal shot through her palm, knocking its helmet off as the undead fell with a hole in its face. Yvlon—ran deeper into the city. The words still on her lips.
Not. Yet.
 
—-
 
More horrors were emerging. The adventurers were all running, now. The encouragement of the undead king and the leader’s words had been the impetus. Though, if some had dared to stay and fight even now…
That resolve faded. Nightmares came out.
A floating orb of eyes joined the abominations in the air. But it wasn’t—wasn’t—
Right. If you imagined a giant floating eye, like a Gazer, you were wrong. If you imagined form, you were wrong. It was just…eyes. Tiny eyes, plucked from sockets, squished, assembled into one horrific orb that stared everywhere.
Such things were more terrible than he had ever seen. It broke the nerve of even Gold-ranks.
The ground moved and something peeked out, snatching at a running adventurer’s heels. It parted dirt and brickwork like water. Reaching to drag her screaming into—
This was the last guard. The final action of the inner city’s defenders. If there had been a—a mind controlling it all, they would have fought with the rank and file, emerging when the lesser undead in the village were under attack.
His mouth was full of bile and his body shook with terror. Worse horrors than he had thought could exist. Worse than the darkest pacts he had ever made.
He turned, even so. His legs carried him across the ground and he shouted, mouth moving in terrified defiance. Why did you scream your allegiance, cries of victory, even in the face of death, no matter how silly it was?
It was that or scream.
“The honor of Izril! The pride of d—”
He couldn’t finish the shout before the thing in the ground emerged out in a shower of dirt, ignoring the Gold-rank and turning for him. Death! He screamed. D—
“Now. [Lancing Thrusts].”
His voice emerged, calm, precise. The rapier in his hand—blurred. He saw his Skill hit the monstrosity across the face.
Piercing blows. The tip of his rapier caught the thing! Shattered the bone-mask on its face. Yet the undead beneath was all jaws—
It opened incisor-claws, ready to tear him apart. It lunged; he would be dead even if he leapt back. The terrible force within him knew that.
It carried him forwards. His enchanted rapier slashed, seeking a heart. A core—the jaws snapped. His blade was tangled; his arm constricted.
The other hand shot forwards, and the parrying dagger slashed. Tomoor fell, the jaws closing around him, screaming—
His arm cut something. The body went slack. The huge weight of the tunneling horror fell on him, but with immense strength, he pushed it up just enough to stagger out—
