8.19 H
Page 44
At first, it looked as if nothing had changed. At first. Everyone was in the same position. But then…the young man noticed it.
The motes of dust were slowly drifting downwards. And—one of the two figures had moved.
It was just one motion. The eyes did not blink. Yet the half-Elf, the Necromancer, had turned his head.
The Putrid One looked at Pisces. The half-Elf’s face had changed. The Horns of Hammerad stood there, petrified. Then—time resumed.
The woman fell, soundlessly. Her armor crashed to the ground as her body fell. The Putrid One staggered back, sword in his chest. He—
He was smiling.
Smiling? He looked at Pisces, and then his eyes closed. He fell, blood pooling under him. He lay on the floor and did not move.
He was dead.
Ceria, Yvlon, Ksmvr and Pisces stood there in horror. They waited—but the Putrid One didn’t get back up. Ceria’s voice was shaking.
“Pisces?”
“It wasn’t me. It wasn’t—”
The Putrid One was dead! It had seemed to them all, surely, as if once the stasis was ended, he would get a second lease on life, another chance, however short.
Yet that never came. The undead [Necromancer]’s body never moved. Pisces repeated the words.
“It wasn’t me.”
It wasn’t him. The Horns had no way of knowing why the Putrid One was dead, though. How he had perished. Yet there they stood, as time resumed, as the echoes of the sound reverberated around the inner sanctum of the Putrid One.
Unheard by the artifacts, mindless insects and harbingers of the power here. There was no one here…
Except for him.
He came through the doors, steps hurrying, frantic. He had gone to check on something. The traitor, if he might be coming here. His one lapse of attention in this entire time—
The Putrid One’s servant returned at a run and found his master lying on the ground. Beyond him—the four adventurers.
“Master?”
Ceria was screaming inside her head. She was looking around, wand raised. Ksmvr was pointing at the treasury, and Pisces, horror-struck, was just staring at the Putrid One. Yvlon had set herself, sword in her hands. She saw the great servant, the guardian of this place burst into the room and stop, seeing his master fallen.
It was…a half-Elf. Younger than the Putrid One. Wearing noble dress-clothes of another era. He might have been around thirty years old in appearance, but that was all.
His hair was golden flax in color, his features beautiful to the point of being effeminate. He was far more attractive than Ceria, her hair tangled, her body grimy and bloodied.
He stopped as he saw the fallen bodies, then threw himself forwards. His voice was high, desperate.
“Master? What have they done to you? These insects? How could they…even touch you?”
He saw the Horns. Yet in another moment he was reaching down, heedless of the blood staining his clothing, feeling for a pulse. It was so…mortal…that Ceria couldn’t believe her eyes.
He was kneeling, clutching at the motionless form. Weeping. Tears fell from his eyes.
None of the adventurers were fooled for a moment.
“Silver and steel. We’re—”
Yvlon never finished it. She had strode over. The half-Elf was weeping as he held the motionless Putrid One. He too detected no life. Ceria stared at her as the [Silversteel Armsmistress] lifted her sword.
“Yvlon.”
Pisces shook himself free. He looked around. Now—his eyes were roaming the room. He looked at the scrolls, staggered over to the altar. Ksmvr was aiming his crossbows, back to the treasury room.
“We have to run. Yvlon—Yvlon—”
Ceria held up a hand. She was just looking at the servant. He could be just a…a mundane servant. A half-Elf, even mortal.
