8.19 H
Page 10
Nailren kept trying to run. He saw Earlia swinging her maul, flailing about at the nearest Crypt Lord. It watched her swing at the air six feet to its right and struck her, sending her crashing to the ground. Delighted, almost. Was it smiling?
 
—-
 
Arrows fell again and again, targeting the half-Elves and the archers. They were hunkering down as the deathly arrow killed another adventurer, just a cut—but the poison’s effect was immediate.
The hail of arrows stopped—then came again. So did the dark purple arrow. A challenge.
Elia Arcsinger refused to take it. She grimly leaned out, forcing her daughter back as she loosed an arrow at the largest opponent.
The Frostmarrow Behemoth was fighting two skeleton giants. Losing. Its icy body was being hacked away swing by swing as it struck back, paws colliding with their armor.
 
—-
 
The mocking Liches circled overhead. They were pointing, raining magical spells down at the sporadic counter-fire from the Halfseeker’s side. All the adventurers without bows or spells could do was fight the undead coming at them on ground-level. Even that was hell.
Seborn leapt away from a bloated zombie, shouting a warning.
“Get b—”
Too late. The zombie exploded. Adventurers inhaled the spore cloud and two fell, convulsing. The last stumbled free, towards his teammates.
“Help. I need an antid—”
“Keep back!”
Jelaqua grabbed him. The adventurer fought, crying for help. His team ran to grab him. Seborn tackled one.
“He’ll infect you too! Fight! Fight!”
 
—-
 
It was a dozen scenes like this. Flickering from point to point. Nailren, Arcsinger herself, pinned down.
Brave adventurers. Children, fighting the worst kinds of monsters from your nightmares. Gleefully, the Crypt Lords crushed another adventurer to death, savoring the cries from their stricken comrades.
You see it. You saw it, in all the manifest injustice. Did you come here to watch despair? Would you, if you could, sit idly by?
No.
Nailren heard a voice. It was female, and often drowsy. Not now. It spoke in his ear.
“[Begone, Ailments].”
He stared down at the ground. The Gnoll pushed himself up with a growl. His bow rose; he shot an arrow through the Crypt Lord bearing down on Earlia. Halfway towards the monster, the arrow morphed. It became a glowing swallow—a bird that pierced through the monster. Nailren heard another voice. Male, authoritative.
“[Blessing: The Bow of Wings]!”
Nailren drew another arrow and felt like he was holding a bird, wings fluttering against his paw. He drew and loosed as Earlia stood. Why was her armor—glowing?
 
—-
 
“[Greater Blessing of Armor].”
The King of Destruction had done it again. Venith slapped his face with his hand. Yet Flos Reimarch had been one of six Skills that spontaneously went off. Adventurers were rising to their feet, confusion gone. The Gnoll with the bow was loosing birds—or their simile—through the Crypt Lords, severing their bloated bodies with ease.
Another adventurer had gone into a berserk rage. The King of Destruction blinked. He realized it and laughed.
“Oh. Of course. Copycats.”
 
—-
 
The Queen of Desonis went back to hugging her pet sheep. A Naga-commander of Baleros sat back to raucous cheering from his mercenary company. He turned his head.
“Inform Wistram who used that Skill.”
His Skill was the one which had given the adventurer the raging fury to take on a Crypt Lord with nothing but an unenchanted shortsword—and win.
It was one of a dozen. Elia heard a whisper in her ears at the same time as adventurers across the city found their armor repairing itself, new strength in their arms.
