8.19 H
Page 23
Drassi was counting them out. If this had been another army—what a toll one woman was reaping! Not just that—the adventurers might die, but with each undead monstrosity that fell, the power of the undead waned.
If it had been Az’kerash’s army, he would have long ago counted this as a pyrrhic victory even had he triumphed. Far too costly.
This was a battle to the death, though. Individuals like Ryoka Griffin, the half-Elf riding the Frostmarrow Behemoth, or the [Necromancer] hunting down the Skeleton Lords one-by-one were able to change the battlefield.
What if they died, though? It just took one death. The undead…kept…coming.
Undead giants strode towards Tyrion Veltras’ forces. Trebuchets fired, striking one and caving in a chest. Yet the damned things were so huge and the armor made them even harder to slay.
Nevertheless, the figure rode down on the nearest one, as his army shouted his name. Bereft of his cavalry, Tyrion Veltras raised his lance.
“Two lances, one death!”
He bellowed the words, then surged forwards. He rode across the ground, ignoring the other undead. The zombie tried to bend to strike him. It missed as he accelerated.
The watchers saw his lance pierce the leg, ramming through armor, and out the other side. Tyrion caught himself—and the giant fell. He turned. Before the colossal undead could rise, he had run it through its vulnerable head.
“At least one of them knows how to fight giants.”
That comment came in the royal sitting room. The others in the small group, watching the king-sized scrying mirror, started.
“Excuse me?”
Queen Oiena Zessoprical, wife to King Itorin II of Ailendamus, who was watching with his royal family, turned in her chair. Her look of annoyance at anyone outside of her immediate family—husband, three sons and two daughters, one of each was present—turned to uncertainty.
“That man. ‘Two lances, one death’ and there! Those Minotaurs.”
A pair of Minotaurs was fighting in bloody conflict with a smaller Hill Ogre or something similar. They had shouted—Wered and Dorgon.
“Three axes, one death!”
The words were definitely connected now the royal family was clued in. Itorin II raised his head in interest; he had actually been half-napping, exhausted from his royal duties as his youngest son leaned forwards on his lap.
This private room of the royal family was not occupied by outsiders. However, Duke Rhisveri Zessoprical was a cousin. A brother-in-law, rather. Oiena had never actually been clear, but the man was a trusted friend of her husband, a member of the royal family.
He had not joined the gathering, but had been walking through the royal wing, in a foul mood. However—he had stopped when he saw the scrying orb.
“Two lances, one death. It is a saying of [Knights] who slew Giants! Two lances, one for the leg, the second for the head or chest. Three axes, one death. The same for the best warriors on foot.”
The Duke repeated himself, with far too much annoyance towards the royal family for Queen Oiena’s comfort. As if they were idiots for not knowing this minutiae. Who fought giants—besides undead giants—these days? However, Itorin just nodded.
“I see.”
He did not upbraid the Duke, so Oiena did not. The man stood there, watching. His next words were…intent.
“That…girl. Flying there. Who…who is she?”
He had just seen the Wind Runner as it cut back to her. The Duke’s lips were moving, and Oiena was astonished he hadn’t heard of her.
“That’s the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Have you noticed that magnificent blade, cousin?”
“I don’t care about that, woman. That girl. What is her…name?”
