8.19 H
Page 49
Ksmvr stabbed the monster with his weapons. He fired crossbows. He tried to block it. Tolveilouka ignored him. No—the mouth moved.
“Because this hurts you.”
It turned away. Yvlon had stopped screaming. She hung, limply, as he held her by one arm, her metal arms rotting at the touch, not able to hold off the infection.
This was their end. The Necromancer watched. His dreams of heroism turned against him.
Their last words.
“Ksmvr. Run.”
Ceria stared at her skin, falling away, her body consumed by rot.
Yvlon spat blood and defiance into Tolveilouka’s face. She gritted her teeth as it reached out for her shoulder, her arm held in one hand to pull.
“Go ahead and take it. I liked my old one more.”
Ksmvr was weeping. The young man murmured as he stared up at the sky.
“…tried. I really did.”
He touched the spear buried in his stomach; his hands were too weak to pull at it.
That was all they said. Yvlon screamed as her first arm broke. Metal snapped. Tolveilouka—the Chosen of the Putrid One—was laughing. Relishing this little revenge.
“Stop.”
Az’kerash whispered, but no one could hear him. Tolveilouka reached for the other arm as Yvlon spasmed, corruption racing up the rest of her body. A voice muttered in the silence.
“Is it finally done? Is it over at last? It is. He’s gone.”
The leering, bloated face, froze. The hand holding Yvlon dropped and Ksmvr dove to catch her. Az’kerash looked up.
That was not Ceria’s voice. The voice was deeper, cracked, husky.
The woman rose, pushing herself to her hands and knees. Her head had fallen from her shoulders; she put it on, slowly.
The [Paladin] rose. Tolveilouka whirled to face her. His face contorted in rage.
“You! You did this.”
The Dullahan’s head rose. Her eyes widened. She was dizzy, disconcerted. Her eyes found the fallen half-Elf. Her sword. Then they rose to touch the spreading stain on her cheek.
Her features slackened; grew composed. The woman rose to her feet. She looked around. At—the bones on the floor.
The great servant.
The fallen adventurers.
She took it all in, in a moment. Then she looked up at the towering figure. When she spoke, the [Paladin]’s voice was soft. Calm. Sad, yet triumphant.
“I did not. Would that I had the power, I would have done so long ago. Yet it was a true end. I felt him go, traitor. Servant of death.”
She touched at her cheek. The mark of death was still spreading, turning her skin from bronze to rotting black. Her death.
Time had resumed for her. Not the Putrid One. He would never get up, ever again. The woman looked past the monstrosity as it writhed, unable to even put words to its rage. Disbelief.
“Who are these four?”
The Horns were dying. The abomination looked at the [Paladin] and reared up. Ksmvr, kneeling, looked up. He could not weep. He could not even properly cry. He whispered.
“Please. Help her?”
His body was being infected by the same contagion covering Yvlon. The woman looked at him.
She had no idea what he was. She had never seen his kind. Her eyes widened. Yet not in fear.
All she saw was an adventurer.
 
The woman looked for her sword. She drew it, and lifted it over her head in one motion as Tolveilouka screamed, dropping down towards her.
The [Paladin] spoke.
“[The Light Be Blessing Upon Us All]/[For So Long As I Stand Evil Shall Quail]/[Your Wounds Shall Close].”
And there was light. It shot upwards in a beam of radiance. Ksmvr looked up, and the plague touching him vanished. He heard the horror shriek and recoil.
The light.
 
—-
 
