8.19 H
Page 27
“Makki! Mousey, attack! Everyone, get up! It’s invisible zombies! Inv—”
His shout was cut off. Revi stared as Bram stopped, trembling. Makki—the dog wasn’t moving. The way their heads had moved. Mousey was staring at something. Invisible zombies? It had been so fast—
Something hurled Bram down. Revi saw the [Beast Tamer] fall like a sack of bones. She raised her wand and a flare of light hit whatever it was as Mousey leapt. The blood of Makki and Bram were on it. With the flare of magic, as the [Mages] and adventurers turned, Revi saw the outline of what it was.
“Not invisible zombies. Invisible ghouls! Inv—”
 
—-
 
“Eldertuin, I need your fastest adventurers to return to our lines! We are under attack! Invisible Ghouls or other undead have assailed us! I am in the skies!”
Soew screamed into his ear. The Named Adventurer whirled.
“Invisible undead!”
He bellowed. Every adventurer in earshot swore. They checked themselves, and Eldertuin spoke.
“I’m sending you help!”
“Watch the skies. There are more undead. I see—more undead. Coming for your position and the behemoth.”
“Wyverns?”
Eldertuin turned his head up, looking for the Wind Runner. If she could keep them clear or contest them—
The Named Adventurer halted. His shield, battered throughout the battle yet perfectly intact still, rose. He lifted his enchanted mace, set himself.
“Those aren’t Wyverns. What is…flying undead. Halrac, do you see them? Arcsinger?”
Both [Archers] called out a slow affirmative. Eldertuin looked up. No, those weren’t Wyverns. They were too small. Nor were they Liches.
They came out of the skies, through the clouds like the dark sky itself had birthed them. Trailing dark vapor. They were no more real than a cloud was; yet hands gripped painfully-dark blades, scythes like a [Farmer] might wield.
“Wraiths. Reaper-Specters.”
Eldertuin breathed. He had never…never seen…the adventurers looked at him as one dove, like a slow-falling drift of fog. He saw hands lift the scythe and swing.
The Named Adventurer, Eldertuin the Fortress, raised his shield. He blocked, perfectly—and the scythe passed through his shield. He felt a cold, cutting pain sear through his body.
For the first time, he cried out in a scream of pain. His mace struck back, but the mist-body barely registered the blow. The undead recoiled and swung its scythe. A Silver-rank fell, dead. Heart stopped.
 
—-
 
Halrac saw the wraiths descend and his heart sank. These weren’t the undead he knew, or had even seen. These…
Something stepped out from behind the Lich Coven’s tower. It turned, as tall as the tower itself, and looked towards the Frostmarrow Behemoth, which had withstood everything and anything that had come at it.
The shadow had no real body. It was all angles and lines, no curves, no natural creation. It had no contrast, no depth. Yet it moved. It walked and Ceria looked up at it.
 
—-
 
Arcsinger shot an arrow and watched it pass through the giant’s body. She heard a mortal scream through the speaking stones.
“It’s there! Arcsinger, someone, kill it! Please! We can’t harm it!”
The shadow-thing? Elia put another arrow to her bow. Then she saw a second thing walking down the streets.
It looked like…her eyes widened. She lowered the bow and saw adventurers fleeing. It looked like a miniature version of a creature she had seen just recently. Another undead she had thought belonged to legends—no—which she knew belonged to that era.
The Jaw of Zeikhal, a smaller version, advanced down the street, ignoring the spells and arrows pelting it.
 
—-
 
