8.19 H
Page 9
Niers Astoragon lay panting on the beam when it was done. One Skill had taken a lot out of him. Yet he’d known it could be done, even before the news. Apista fetched him a cup of water…well, a tankard with water in the bottom fourth. The rest had been sloshed out.
More than enough for him. The Titan pulled himself up and grinned.
“Well, that’s torn it. Bee, fly me to Miss Erin’s room—then back here as soon as you can.”
He needed to use another Skill! However—Apista buzzed up the stairs and Niers burst into Erin’s room just in time to see it.
The magical chessboard moved. He saw the little message in code he’d written change. The [Strategist] laughed. Only a fool played one battle at a time! However, there was no time. Apista was already buzzing downstairs as Mrsha ran towards her, eyes shining with hope.
Rags turned her attention away from the scrying mirror where Drassi was flinging her papers up and dancing with Joseph—a copy of the common room of The Wandering Inn. She frowned, and rubbed at the back of her neck.
Was that a coincidence?
She thought about it as Mrsha caught the little bee and ran into the kitchen. Rags had no idea who this ‘Titan’ was, and obviously that was just Mrsha and Apista. No one could be there, even invisibly.
…Maybe it was just a coincidence. But in The Wandering Inn? Hah!
Then she turned her attention back to the battle. Slowly, Rags inspected the banner-skill and the adventurers, fighting twice as fiercely as before.
The [Great Chieftain]—no, the [Steelflame Strategist] raised her claw. She concentrated.
“[Burning Blades]. [Battlefield: Power of Fire].”
She felt a distant pressure in her mind. Like a bubble, one she could barely feel, let alone touch. It resisted her. Rags growled, struggling to force it through. Like lifting a Wyvern over her head; she had no purchase, no footing. Yet she had seen it could be done!
She failed the first time, panting. Six minutes of concentration resulted in a blinding headache and sweat pouring down her face so hard that Calescent checked to see if his spice had gotten in her bowl of popcorn instead of his.
The little Goblin tried again. What else could she do? However, as she watched—she realized something.
She wasn’t the only one.
 
—-
 
Look and see. There were so many facets of the battle that the limited scrying spells couldn’t keep up. They were…failing as they tried to enter the city. Only the [Mages] providing a direct link had any clarity.
What they showed was Halrac the Grim making his stand, saved by the glowing standard and the grinning Titan.
Also—cruelty.
The Silver-ranks led by Nailren’s team were lying on the ground. They had been cut off from half their group by a wall of black fire one of the Liches had hurled. Levil was fighting with Eldertuin and the others. Nailren had tried to link up, but…
“Fallen down.”
The Gnoll was running—then he was staring at a wall. No? The ground? He muttered. Why…? His legs kept running, kicking the air aimlessly.
“I fell down. I fell—”
Another adventurer stumbled past him. One of Earlia’s former [Miners]. She looked around. Bile or vomit was running out of her mouth. She walked, stumbling, as the other adventurers lay on the ground, or wandered around aimlessly. Nailren tried to stop and turn to face her, but the wall was in his way. Why was he…?
[Confusion]. Some kind of spell. The thick cloud of it swirled, revealing a group of Crypt Lords. One was…belching…the miasma. The rest dragged themselves over. Immune to the spell, they began reaching down and crushing the adventurers to death.
