8.19 H
Page 6
The X-bow thundered; the horse went down, bones blown to bits. The skeleton didn’t join it. It had already leapt, and landed on the street, still running. If anything, it came on faster.
The adventurers had dispatched the Draugr in a hand-to-hand. Now, they turned as the [Archers] took aim. Halrac muttered.
“[Curving Shot]—”
He loosed, and watched his arrow miss. Eight other [Archers] had shot with him. The bone-undead had dodged all eight in a leap sideways! Halrac’s invisible arrow it didn’t see until—
The sword slashed and cut the arrow in half. Halrac blinked. He’d barely seen that.
“Skeleton Lord? What the hell is—”
The undead raced under a bursting tripvine bag. It dodged another arrow as Halrac fumbled for one. He thought he had time—
An adventurer with her shield up gasped as the two-handed sword flashed at her chest. She lowered her shield.
“[Reinforced Block]!”
Halrac saw the sword curve under her shield. The skeleton cut up. The adventurer stared at her arms as they fell. Then it beheaded her and stabbed another adventurer in the chest.
It was so fast. It—Thorven swung his bow in a roar as the undead leapt past him.
The Skeleton Lord dodged. Halrac didn’t see a Skill, just anticipation. It nimbly avoided an adventurer’s slash, returned with its sword. A scream, gurgling, as the man reached for his cut throat.
Halrac missed from eleven feet away. His invisible bow launched the arrow at the back of the skeleton’s head and it dodged, sliding under the blow. It looked at him and the [Veteran Scout] cursed.
“Halrac! Get back!”
Adventurers were scrambling to let the Gold-ranks take another shot. Halrac ran backwards, still loosing arrows. He saw the skeleton dodge another one, almost lazily leaning aside as it ran. Its glowing magenta flame-eyes were seeing each strike! No—predicting them! It dodged swords, a jabbing spear, a mace and a vial of flaming oil, as if the world were a jigsaw puzzle and it had found the one place it wouldn’t be hit each time.
It was too quick. [Haste]. As well as that damn sword. Halrac found himself running towards a wall. He leapt up as the skeleton charged, intent on him.
The world was slow in the seconds of life-and-death. Halrac had one last arrow, unenchanted but a piercing arrowhead, in his fingers. He had it in his invisible bow—and he was leaping.
His boots struck the wall and Halrac tensed to kick off and leap over the skeleton’s head, back towards two Gold-ranks charging at the undead with weapons drawn.
The Skeleton Lord saw it all. Contemptuously, it whirled about to face the Gold-ranks.
Its sword swung up over its head, catching Halrac as he leapt. The Gold-rank Captain was struck across the groin, a sweeping blow that cut through his pelvis up to his ribcage. He landed, half of him bisected—
The Skeleton Lord didn’t hear the thump. Nor did it feel the slight impact in its sword. Its head turned. The perfect strike it had made—
Halrac had never leapt. He stood, his boots clinging to the wall, keeping him there like they were covered in glue, despite the unnatural angle defying the laws of gravity.
Boots of Stability.
“Idiot.”
The arrow went through the skeleton’s head and blasted chunks out the other side. Halrac landed, hitting the ground on his side as the enchantment on the boots gave out a second later. He just lay there, on his back, for a second. Then someone spoke his name.
“Halrac?”
He looked up. The Gold-rank adventurer offered him a hand; the other was bashing the Skeleton Lord’s body to dust.
“Thanks.”
He pulled himself up. Shakily. He reached for the speaking stone.
