8.19 H
Page 38
It was then someone stepped forwards. Not Tyrion Veltras, who was far away and retreating, seeing to his sons. Nor Ryoka Griffin, who had been blown to safety and collapsed ahead of the retreating Humans.
Not Eldertuin nor even Zenol, who had been trembling, trying to…
Revi didn’t recall his name at first. Yet there he was. The man stepped forwards, rapier and parrying dagger raised. He smiled, almost ruefully.
“I am Instructor Tomoor, ser. I was considered a fair [Duelist] in my youth. If you will be satisfied—allow me to challenge you.”
The Drake turned and smiled. The two stepped forwards as the adventurers formed a wide ring.
The end of the raid on the Village of the Dead was encapsulated in a simple duel. The ringing of swords meeting.
It was in four adventurers who met in silence.
It was the heart of the city.
The Putrid One’s lair.
 
—-
 
Yvlon Byres had used all but one of her potions. She was stumbling, teeth bared. Blood ran down her arms. Not all hers. Not much.
How many undead had she killed with her hands? Her sword? She had sheathed it. Her arms had killed them. Turned into blades, spikes. She had bludgeoned them to death.
She found the Antinium, limping towards her. Yvlon stopped, the animal growl in her throat subsiding.
“Ksmvr?”
He wasn’t running, or jumping. Just limping along. Ksmvr raised all three crossbows as he saw her, then relaxed.
“Are you Yvlon or a trick? Please do not be a trick. I have had a bad day.”
He rasped, crossbows aimed down, but wary. Yvlon stepped forwards, hand raised.
“Ksmvr? Ksmvr, it’s me. What happened to you? I…see?”
She lifted her arm and made it change into the blade form. Ksmvr looked at it, and then nodded.
“Yvlon. I came, as Pisces told us. Something bit me. A woman. She dropped me when the Drake killed her.”
He rubbed at his neck. Yvlon saw green blood. Ksmvr stumbled forwards.
“I think I tasted bad. Why is that upsetting to learn?”
She caught him, gently, fumbling for her potion. He had used all of his and began to perk up as he drank it. For a moment, that was all there was. Him, held gently by her.
“Pisces shouldn’t have told you to come.”
He was so young. Ksmvr looked up at her.
“But I am a Horn of Hammerad. Or am I not sufficiently able to help?”
She almost laughed at him. Silly little ant. Laughed, and wanted to cry because that was always how he said it, how he saw himself.
“No. Never that. Come on. We have to find them.”
She knew they were alive. There was no logic in it. They just…had to be. If Yvlon had not found them, she would have wandered around until she died.
As it turned out, Yvlon and Ksmvr did not have to look long. They were headed in the same direction. It was inevitable; the city, like the Village of the Dead, had a heart. And it seemed every street slowly spiraled towards it, regardless of actual direction.
Ceria was supporting Pisces, his arm slung around her shoulder. The Necromancer looked—battered. His robes were torn, and his rapier had shattered from a duel. Ceria, of all of them, looked the best. She had scabbed cuts across her temple and body, where shards of ice had hit her in the titanic duels with the Frostmarrow Behemoth. She actually grinned when she saw them.
“See? I told you they were fine. We’re too stupid to die.”
“How dare you. I’m in peril.”
Pisces retorted, but he didn’t even raise his head until Yvlon and Ksmvr joined him. He brushed sweat-matted hair out of his eyes.
