8.19 H
Page 16
The Halfseekers were stalemated in the street. Moore, face covered in sweat and blood, was resting, drinking three stamina potions. The only reason this group of adventurers had survived so long was Moore’s strength—
And Jelaqua. She had burned through nine bodies already. Throwing herself into the center of the fire, demanding the undead’s attention, letting them savage her rather than the others who could not replace their flesh.
Zenol admired that. Yet he had no time to waste on words or platitudes. There was only time for—what had to be done.
“They’re killing us! You have to stop them!”
A Silver-rank’s voice. Zenol stared up. He saw the undead Lich Coven. They were hurling [Fireballs] down. Thirty [Fireballs]. Then thirty again. Then—
Nearly a hundred in two minutes. Zenol had heard of spells like [Meteor Storm]. He thought this was as close as he would see to it in his life.
The begging voice cut off. Perhaps they had survived, some.
“The Lich Coven must die. It must be severed!”
The [Prince of Sands] of Nerrhavia’s Fall spoke. He looked around.
“Where are the [Scouts]? It must fall! I will join you! Anyone who can take it down—distract them!”
“Agreed.”
A clipped voice. Halrac the Grim. Zenol saw a glowing arrow shoot towards the Liches. They pivoted, blocking the arrow—and then the volley, before returning magical fire.
“We’ll support you! Go!”
That was Revi’s voice. A babble of voices joined it. Zenol looked around.
“Captain Jelaqua, lend me your [Rogue]! I will give you my bodyguards—we have to bring it down!”
He pointed. Seborn turned and Jelaqua looked around.
“Your highness! You cannot—”
His [Mage] bodyguard protested. Zenol cut her off with a slash of his wrist. He checked a dangling thread from his wrist and gripped his sword tightly.
“I am a Gold-rank Captain! Do not presume to tell me not to risk my life now! Adventurer Seborn?”
“Let’s go.”
The two ran towards the Lich Coven. More adventurers had made up their minds like Zenol. They fought, rather than run! That was what he admired about them.
“We have a route up! Keep the pressure on!”
Instructor Tomoor. Somehow—Zenol grinned as he saw two flying Drakes and the bounding [Duelist] ahead. They had created a way to take the fight to the enemy!
A [Light Bridge]. It hung in the air. A beautiful construction, leading from the ground to the Lich Coven’s tower. It was far more elaborate, magnificent even, than any other spell Zenol had seen of its ilk. As he and other mobile adventurers ran towards it, he blinked at the shimmering letters glowing in the air.
Courtesy of Grand Magus Eldavin of Wistram.
The [Prince] laughed and saluted the skies. He saw Tomoor leap up the staircase, four at a time, and the two Drakes followed him. Zenol was pointing with Seborn towards a street when the Liches noticed. They whirled—pointed.
“Dive!”
Tomoor’s scream came a second too late for one of the Drakes. One of the last two Lifwail Blades became a living torch. The other dodged the hammers of falling stone. Pillars of obsidian that smashed the bridge to pieces.
Zenol looked up, cursing. He saw adventurers falling back as the damned mages began hammering the streets around them.
“We can’t make it!”
Seborn dragged him back. Zenol looked over his shoulder, roaring in frustration. Someone had to—but the [Mages] were contesting the skies! If he could get close enough, his jumping Skill…
His eyes fell on a huge figure coming down the street. Moore, Jelaqua, and the other adventurers were in a fighting retreat from more undead. Zenol pointed.
