8.19 H
Page 32
Adventurers stared at him. The perfect thrust! Tomoor had felt the precision, the daring to use that Skill to find the core of the undead he had…known…was there. A single step back, a single hesitation.
“Amazing.”
Someone breathed. Tomoor whirled.
“Run! Keep running, you idiots!”
They jumped and sprinted. That was his voice. It had all been his voice, his body. Yet that skill, that artistry—
No. That wasn’t him at all. If he could have told someone…he wouldn’t. He longed to, with all his heart. He wanted to run; he was no Gold-rank hero. He had not the Skills for this. He was barely—barely—Level 30.
The [Duelist] turned and set himself against a Draugr’s charge. He killed it in a single thrust, almost contemptuously. A wraith bore down on him, scythe raised, and he whirled. His rapier should not have been able to harm it—not with the simple [Piercing] enchantment on it.
He slew it in less than a second, his blade’s tip tearing the fragile ether of the ghost’s body. Tomoor stepped forwards, his arm moving so fast that he could barely process it.
Head, eye, joint—undead fell, slain in single-thrusts. Tomoor had never seen such exemplary swordsmanship save when he had seen two owners of golden bells dueling. Even the King of Jecrass…
“…missing. She ran into battle. Yvlon has gone into the City of Death!”
A voice over the speaking stone, panting. Dorgon, the Minotaur. Tomoor’s hand raised the speaking stone.
“Say again?”
“She’s gone into the city! Her mind is lost to battle-rage! Ceria, Pisces—pull her back! We cannot keep fighting shades!”
The Minotaur’s voice was urgent. He called for the rest of the Horns. Tomoor had barely known them, yet they seemed nice. The [Necromancer] he had expected to find a monster—a haughty young man, but polite.
The [Duelist] stopped in the street, listening. Suddenly, his attention was all on the stone. No—Tomoor’s mind was still gibbering, ready to run.
The Necromancer’s mind was focused on this. He spoke through Tomoor’s lips.
Dark pacts.
“Into the city? Pisces. Ceria. Ksmvr? Respond.”
Only silence greeted him. Halrac’s voice was next. None of the Horns responded. Because…they were dead? Tomoor wasn’t sure. Yet he felt a certainty creep up on him.
Not his thoughts. Sometimes they leaked. This certainty was different.
They are in a place where the speaking stones are dead. No scrolls, no outside magic. They have all gone in.
With that realization came a kind of…satisfaction. A longing Tomoor could not process. He shuddered; he had never felt anything but cold calculation or anger, hatred, from the Necromancer’s thoughts.
His voice spoke, triumphant, joining the others’ horrified realizations.
“The Horns have gone into the city.”
That was what Pisces had told the others. Tomoor’s head rose. Past the horrors. Into the heart of that place. The man and Necromancer both felt an emotion in their chests.
They would fulfill their promises. Or…
The [Duelist] walked forwards again. His rapier rose, saluting the undead which stopped, as if sensing the true danger here. Tomoor spoke.
“I will hold them off as long as I can. Brave adventurers—fall back. Fall back.”
The monster smiled using his face. Tomoor heard them entreating him, Arcsinger praising his resolve. If only he was…
He locked blades with a six-armed monster for a second, sliding gracefully into a slash that the multi-limbed undead could not stop. Who was the monster here? The City of Death had horrors of the unliving that Tomoor had never seen, even in ten years of terrible service.
