8.19 H
Page 39
There they stood. The street was unsettlingly…empty. No undead pursued them. Yvlon had seen the Revenant with a sword cutting down undead in wide swathes, with every swing of his blade. She couldn’t imagine what level he was, nor had she bothered to stay and see if he would attack her.
“Here we are.”
The inner part of the city seemed to repel the lesser undead. Magnificent, empty buildings no longer inhabited, yet to crumble, lined the streets. Everything seemed to…curve inwards.
The heart of the city.
“The others have run.”
Yvlon felt like pointing this out. Ceria nodded. Pisces glanced over his shoulder.
“A sensible choice. But for that Revenant—we might never have made it. However, we might be safer here than…I can feel the power ahead of us. Lesser undead wouldn’t dare follow.”
“Which logically means there is a greater threat ahead, Pisces.”
Ksmvr pointed this out and everyone smiled. Pisces shrugged.
“Yes, well. Do we go?”
He looked at them. The Horns of Hammerad stood in the street. Yvlon didn’t know if it was even a question.
“We promised. Maybe we should let someone stay. Ksmvr…”
The Antinium [Skirmisher] looked at Yvlon, hurt. Ceria shook her head.
“We do this together. We…if anyone wants to stay, they can. But we have to. We can’t just turn back. We started this. We finish it.”
If they had all fought here, somehow, alone, perhaps it would have been easier. After the deaths, the fighting?
…No. Yvlon closed her eyes. They would have never turned back either way. Not until one of them died. She looked at the others.
“Let’s get that damn loot.”
They smiled and began to walk forwards. Together.
 
—-
 
His heart beat in the moments before the duel began. In that silent time, he had a conversation. One of two he had ever really had.
It happened in his mind. The living man, who had Skills, a class of his own, spoke. He was a [Fencing Instructor] and…a [Darkpact Duelist].
He had lived like this for ten years. Ten years, occasionally letting the Necromancer take charge. Mostly—feeding him information. Carrying out small, mundane tasks which he could sometimes see the sinister machinations in.
Other times not.
It was a deal Tomoor had taken, which kept him up at night. Haunted him. However, if you had asked him, even now, whether he would take it again…he would have in a heartbeat.
The Necromancer sat there, in a blank space in his head.
“You will give me control of your body and Skills.”
“Can you beat him?”
The silence was telling. Tomoor looked for a sign of Perril Chandler, the Archmage of Death. He thought he saw him at last. A trace of nobility, where he had seen only unliving rage before.
“You will…not survive, likely. I will attempt to win. This Drake is a master bar none, however. Even if he fights without his Skills or artifacts, it will take everything to strike him.”
Tomoor nodded. He felt light. Afraid. He was no hero. Az’kerash had fought in the raid using him like a puppet, directing him with his superior knowledge and ability, augmenting him with magic.
His heart beat as he lifted his rapier in a salute. The Drake performed some ancient ritual-salute of his own. Tomoor spoke to Az’kerash.
“If I die. We are quits. My debts are repaid. You’ll leave them alone? My family?”
The Necromancer’s gaze flickered, as if he had forgotten the day Tomoor had been driven to his bargain.
“They will live natural lives without my touch. I shall see to it they have gold to live on. You have my word.”
My son, my wife. Tomoor closed his eyes and nodded. He reached out—
