8.19 H
Page 41
The other blademaster was excellent. And his Skills—he was holding back. He could have cut Tomoor with words alone, yet he matched the man, using only the Skills the duel would allow.
Honor. Mutual admiration. Both were smiling. A wide, desperate, joyous, bloody smile that promised death.
How could you both admire someone and want to kill them in the same beat? Az’kerash felt his heart beating. He struck out, wanting to end the match and yet—
Prolong it another minute, another second! He felt alive.
The two nearly moved into the widening circle of adventurers, who fell back. They fought around a terrified Stitch-girl, who threw her hands up. She fled as the Necromancer pressed the Drake back, advancing in to slash with his parrying dagger.
This was what they wanted. The Drake was smiling.
“So you are the great champion of your time! So young!”
Az’kerash was laughing too, in his castle far to the south. Toren watched, awestruck. The old man was good. He had known that, but this?
Tomoor stepped back, blade flourishing. He raised it over his head as the Drake’s eyes narrowed. A taunt—across the world, Terandrians, Izrilians, Humans, were cheering his name.
Hero! Warrior of death, champion of blades and death! Perril Chandler was smiling. He lowered his blade and stepped forwards to end this.
Lunging, pirouetting under a stroke—lashing out with his hand, missing by a fraction of an inch—step left. Tilt your head and feel the score of pain across one cheek. Yet the dance was ending. He felt the Revenant’s resolve failing. Satisfied.
Then it happened. Az’kerash felt his beating heart swell and—something changed. The Village of the Dead’s influence? A ripple in his emotions? The scrying spells? Him?
He didn’t know. But for a second, the magical link between him and Tomoor—
Wavered.
Tomoor felt Az’kerash vanish for a second. The man slowed.
“I—”
His blade wavered. Elegance, poise, left h—
The sword ran him through and cleanly finished the stroke across his shoulder. Tomoor fell.
The cheering adventurers went still. Even the Revenant looked surprised, as if he had not expected the killing blow to land. He hadn’t. He lowered his bloody blade and saw the man’s body fall back.
His genuine pleasure, excitement—turned to bitterness in a moment. All the living emotions twisted by undeath. The Revenant spoke, shaking the blood onto the grass.
“I expected more.”
For a second, it seemed as if he might accept that. Then—the Drake’s head rose. His eyes glowed once more, with malice. Expectation.
“Who is next?”
The adventurers stared at dashed hope. Az’kerash shouted his fury, but it was too late. The Drake turned, setting his blade. Looking for the next sacrifice.
 
—-
 
They found the Putrid One seconds behind the huge doors that Yvlon forced open with Ksmvr’s help. They stepped into the giant chamber beyond, and saw him.
He was not hiding. He stood in the center of the room, as if waiting for them.
The adventurers froze. A crossbow came up; a wand aimed, frost glittering on its tip.
The Putrid One never moved. This was where he had been, all this time.
He was even facing them. Not looking at them, but gazing slightly upwards, caught in the middle of a gesture.
A half-Elf. Ceria had not expected that any more than the others. Her eyes went wide, focusing on his immortal features. The robes around his body. His beautiful, twisted expression.
He stood there, and they realized in the second moment that he was dead. Or if not dead…Yvlon’s eyes locked on the scene.
