8.19 H
Page 50
It shot from the Village of the Dead. A beam of true sunlight. Beautiful, piercing the illusion within. Destroying the enchantment.
It rose higher. The adventurers trying to stem the flow of blood from cuts that would not heal looked up as it bathed them.
Eldertuin gasped as he felt the mortal cut—close. Faster than any potion, more gently. As if he was being filled from within by sunlight.
Cries from the adventurers. Cut limbs did not heal. Yet blood slowed. Even those who looked dead—
Jelaqua gasped. She looked up as heads rose. People exclaimed.
The light. He opened his eyes and stared up at them. The man licked his lips, but it was salt-water. Great tears of it. He stirred.
“I thought I died.”
That was all Seborn said as Moore cradled him. The half-Giant looked down, and then up.
 
—-
 
Death faded. Az’kerash felt pain. He shielded his face, and this was just a distant image.
The abomination was cowering in a corner. The [Paladin] stood, holding her blade aloft. Yet—it was a Skill.
The light was already fading. She cast aside her sword. Looked around.
The Horns got up. Pisces, staring at the smooth skin of his stomach, the hole in his robes. Ceria, looking at her arms and seeing only her skeletal hand, not the ruined flesh. Yvlon—at her ruined arm. She shrugged.
“Thank you.”
Ksmvr spoke to the woman. She smiled. But…ruefully. Her hand rose to her cheek once more.
The sickness in her face had not stopped, only slowed. She looked at the Gold-ranks, and spoke, quietly.
“You must run. He will pursue you until the ends of the earth. I do not know how—but you freed me. Thank you.”
The Horns looked at her. She turned. Tolveilouka was already rising, his ruined flesh, destroyed by the light, regenerating. He was making a roaring sound, growing louder.
“But you—”
Ceria trailed off. Death was spreading across the Dullahan woman’s features and they all knew what that meant. She had known back then. The [Paladin] looked at her.
“Go. Just—just tell me one thing. Did they remember? Our sacrifice? My team’s? The Radiance of Canopies? From Baleros?”
The Horns looked at her wordlessly, in this Village of Death—which was a tomb so old everyone had forgotten what lay beyond. A death-zone without a proper name.
The [Paladin] bowed her head. She smiled, a copy of the Drake’s expression.
“Go. Blessings be with you.”
They ran. The Dullahan took off her head, holding it as she sank to one knee. In perfect repose. She glanced up.
“You will not outlive my master another minute, woman.”
Tolveilouka. He towered over her, dark wrath on his features. She did not bother reaching for a weapon. The [Paladin] just nodded.
“I know. It is done either way, monster.”
 
—-
 
The Horns of Hammerad ran down the street. They knew it was pointless.
“We’ll never outrun it.”
Ceria gasped. She felt it. That thing—the [Paladin] was seconds from death. Even if she fought, the servant would be on them in a flash. It was too fast. Too powerful. They couldn’t even slow it down.
“I will stay. I will stay. You run. The Horns must live—”
Ksmvr tried to shove Yvlon onto Pisces’ shoulder. Ceria spun. She grabbed Ksmvr, and looked into his eyes as the [Skirmisher] tried to turn back.
“If you stay, we stay. Get it right. Never say that again.”
He looked at her. She should have told him that from the start. Ksmvr began to run without another word.
Yvlon said nothing either, though she was stumbling, mumbling. A jagged stump of metal was all that remained of her right arm. She looked at Pisces, who was supporting her with Ksmvr. He was…speaking.
