8.19 H
Page 30
It shone down for a second. Bathing him in light. The [Rogue] looked up, awe-struck. Then saw something in the street.
The Wraiths had stopped. Uncertainly; the ghost-undead lifted their blades and regarded what had pulled itself out of thin air. A glowing figure. Seborn’s eyes widened.
“Antinium…?”
The two Workers never turned back. They glowed, with a radiant counterpoint to the specters in death. Armed with kitchen knives, an actual hammer, even a handsaw—they charged. Grappling, striking the Wraiths as if they were real things. The undead fell back, as awed as Seborn.
He? He looked up at the light and remembered an Antinium kneeling in prayer. Somewhere…Pawn spoke.
“Amen.”
Seborn turned and ran after Moore, grabbing his arm, hurrying him along.
 
—-
 
They were all running. The Minotaur called for her. Wered and Dorgon were the furthest in. They had fought, bringing down gigantic undead, without yield. Without quarter.
Yet they too were running. It was only logical.
Even so. Yvlon Byres stood in the streets. So frustrated she could scream. They were so close. And yet—
“Yvlon! Yvlon Byres, with us!”
Dorgon leapt back from a swinging wraith. It cut the air with rapid strikes, ignoring the powerful swings of Wered’s maul. Both Minotaurs gave up and ran backwards. Yet they looked at her.
Yvlon blocked a slash that numbed her hands just by the proximity to the blade. Frost covered her arms and armor. She cut back—yet her Sword of Weight passed fruitlessly through the specter’s chest. Wrong enchantment. Weight meant nothing to a ghost.
It was using a damned scythe, as if she was a patch of wheat! It wasn’t even a real weapon; if she had been able to strike it, it would have been dead two dozen times already.
“We were so close. So—”
Yvlon blocked a strike from a Skeleton Knight. It had given up on etiquette. She swung her sword and buried it in its pauldrons; down it went. She whirled. A monstrosity of a blob gaped at her. Her sword descended again and its body exploded around her.
The scythe swung. The [Armsmistress] ducked. Her sword whirled.
“[Curve of the Moon]!”
The undead around her disappeared—save for the wraiths. Now, both were bearing down on her.
“Not yet!”
Yvlon howled. She cut at both, but it was fruitless. Dorgon was bellowing her name, but the woman was fighting in the center of the street, refusing to retreat.
Like the Adult Creler, Yvlon saw only red. She cut, even trying a mordhau, screaming her fury at the undead. They didn’t care.
“Byres! There is no dishonor here!”
Dorgon tried one last time. But it was no good. Yvlon lashed out—then caught herself. Too late.
A scythe cleaved towards her head as her sword flailed in the center of the wraith’s chest, striking only air. The woman saw the deadly blade coming down and reflexively raised her arm.
Clang. The wraith recoiled. Yvlon heard the metal sound. Then—she looked at her arms. She felt the kiss of metal and terrible cold. Yet—
The wraith backed up, eyes flashing uncertainly. Yvlon looked at her arm as the other came forwards. She flung a fist out and caught it in the chest.
A scream. A shriek of pain! The undead backed up, and Yvlon saw steam or something leaking from the place she’d struck it.
She looked at her arms. The arms she hated so much. The wraiths stared at her. So did the Minotaurs, looking shocked.
“Silver and steel.”
The [Armsmistress] threw her head back. She began laughing, laughing at the sky. The two undead attacked her.
Yvlon Byres dropped her sword to the ground. She whirled.
