8.19 H
Page 34
The Drake swordsman leapt. Halrac stumbled; the ground trembled with the force of his jump. He shot through the skies as the other Revenant tried to strike him with an armored hand.
Halrac heard no thunderous roar of impact. No booming voice. He looked up.
A giant’s head fell to earth. The Drake stood on its torso as the other undead turned. The collapsing body slowly began to sag. Yet in that moment, adventurers and undead turned.
 
—-
 
The Vampire broke off from its terrible dive. Fierre, who hadn’t breathed in over a minute, saw Ryoka fleeing. She saw the undead turn.
On the headless body, the Drake raised his sword. His armor gleamed. His dueling sword shone as he raised it high overhead. Keldrass stared.
Chaldion, Ilvriss, Saliss, Luciva Skybreath—every Drake across the world watching the broadcast looked at the distant Drake as the camera frantically zoomed in as far as it could.
He was so far away, but he bellowed across the city as undead turned. To the traitor. The Revenant. The blademaster shouted to the sky.
“Freedom! The Putrid One’s minions die! Face me!”
The Revenants and greater undead turned, swarming towards him. Enraged more than they were at the living trespassers by this act of—
“[Gigant’s Sword]!”
A giant blade cut the floating orb of eyes in half. The Vampire screamed curses as she flew at him. The Drake was laughing. He saluted the skies.
“In the name of the City of Dreams!”
Lehra Ruinstrider choked and her armband glowed. Everyone around her backed away as the Blade of Mershi began to shine.
The Drake stood alone, and cut them down. Hope from the undead? Honor?
Fetohep stared at the distant figure and wondered. He did not smile.
 
—-
 
The cry of defiance shocked him to his core. He felt it, heard that self-righteous voice. The declaration of treachery. But how?
“He’s…not listening. He has rebelled. As he swore he would.”
The whisper was shocked. Horrified. One of the greatest servants had been freed! He was killing the others! All the valuable protectors.
To his master, he turned. Now—terrible fear in him. The realization was so close. Held at bay only by denial.
“He is disobeying you. Master. Master, why have you let him go rogue? We are your most prized…or it is just me?”
Now he tried to touch him. His hands and body—his very being screamed with agony with each step. He had to retreat or face annihilation. Weeping, screaming, he shouted.
“Why don’t I feel your presence? Yet nothing has changed. Not even the greatest [Assassin] could have slipped in here?”
A broken servant knelt. Terrible truths rising in its mind. Like the Truestone Golem of Wistram, who knelt where she had fallen, still having yet to move from her place of grief.
It was time to ask. The head of the Putrid One’s greatest servant rose. He looked up and dared to ask the truth he had known in his chest since the presence had vanished.
“Master. Are you…are…? No. But are you…are you d—”
 
—-
 
“Come back.”
Lyonette’s eyes were fixed on the scrying orb. She whispered it.
The broadcast was focused on the fleeing adventurers, the Drake Revenant who was killing his own kind. Sir Relz and Noass had forced their way into the studio, shouting about Drake patriotism which could defy even the power of undeath.
Propaganda. She cared nothing for the art of blades. She only wanted to see them.
The Horns of Hammerad. Lyonette knew where they had gone. She had seen none of them in the images of fleeing adventurers.
She had to tell them to stop. If she could—Lyonette whispered.
“It’s for one person. No matter who it is, it’s not worth all you dying for.”
