8.20
Page 39
Of course he knew what they were about now. The Goblin considered this. Then—he shrugged.
“I don’t care. Sounds like a good distraction.”
The Summer’s Champion and other [Summer Knights] who heard blinked at Rabbiteater. Then they began to guffaw with laughter.
“A distraction? Well said! You’d ride to war with a smile and on a whim?”
Greysten guffawed. Rabbiteater smiled under his helmet.
“You are. The Summer’s Champion rides to war. So—I am the [Champion] of my people too. I should probably join you.”
He knew it was madness. But—it was Redfang madness. Why not? Why join a bunch of crazy [Knights] on a collision course with the greatest kingdom in this area, on a whim? Who would do that?
The same kind of idiot who’d go to battle for a [Florist]. Who’d fight for an [Innkeeper] with a white flag. For that matter—they seemed, in this moment, to be like the same crazy young woman who might defend a Goblin.
Madness. The Goblin rode in the company of his peers. It was a glorious thing. This was what it meant to be a Redfang.
This was what it was to be a [Knight].
The forces waiting on the main highway started forwards before the riding [Knights] had reached them. Hundreds of [Knights] slowed, and many raised their weapons, cheering.
The second force of the Order of Seasons, the one based in Pheislant’s capital, saluted the Summer’s Champion as he rode forwards with Rabbiteater.
“Summer’s Champion. We have mustered those willing to defy Ailendamus. With me stands [Castellan] Divorn.”
“Summer’s Champion, his Majesty does not condone war. However—I am pledged to his Highness Evein, and he commanded me to take charge of this force and support our gallant [Knights] in their action.”
The man saluted the Summer’s Champion, looking at Ser Solstice questioningly. The Summer’s Champion threw his arm around the Goblin.
“Well met, Castellan! Do I see House Kallinad’s banners? How many noble houses?”
“Sixteen!”
“Good. Then, I will introduce you to my highest-ranking [Knights] as we ride. With us from outside of our order is Ser Solstice of Izril. I trust you will treat him as a [Knight] second only to myself. Now—we ride! Before the Knight-Commander catches us!”
The army that began marching north was a strange one. A mighty one. The Ailendamus army halted when it got news that over eight hundred [Summer Knights] alone were heading towards them. And that was one season, albeit the largest one! They were joined by nearly six thousand of Pheislant’s [Soldiers].
Still, it was a nearly five-to-one difference. Ailendamus’ army began sending reports to the capital, which in turn demanded to know if Pheislant had declared war.
Their answer came from the Season of Summer’s champion. He did not speak for his Order! Though surely Ailendamus would not see it that way.
He did not ride with the [King]’s command—though his army had Pheislant’s standards! He just rode for the dignity of Terandria. The honor of [Knights]. The Summer’s Champion, Greysten, declared a crusade against the kingdom of Ailendamus for their unjust war against the Dawn Concordat.
Knight-Commander Calirn would have throttled Greysten if he could have caught him. It was too late. And in the midst of it all…
A Goblin rode to war for the hell of it.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This chapter is written after the Horns arc. Which was exhausting. I actually burned 2,000 words of this chapter in the middle of writing because it was terrible.
Poor sleep. Poor sleep and longer-term exhaustion are things a writer has to manage to write their best, especially a web serial author.
