8.20
Page 6
How did the least-sad Goblin process any grief? Well…
“Ser Solstice! Ser Solstice! Slow down!”
The gasping voice came from Ser Markus, followed by Dame Meisa, Ser Vitin, and a few other [Knights] who knew ‘Ser Solstice’. The figure didn’t stop or acknowledge them as he ran.
Ran, in full armor around the keep. The watcher checked the position of the sun. Still rising, and this was lap eight. The keep was not small.
This had been preceded the day before by running up and down stairs until he threw up, swinging weighted swords with more rocks tied around your wrists until the arms puffed up, swimming through the lake—the Goblin had nearly drowned—and over ten thousand sit ups.
If someone thought that last part was not notable, they had never done ten thousand of anything before. Muscle began to tear at a certain point.
Rabbiteater ran on, ignoring the [Knights] entreating him to stop. Some of the Spring Knights had tried to keep up with him after he’d kept running past their usual training time—but they’d given up.
He ran, feeling the pain in his lungs, his body—every piece of him screaming. That was fine. This was fine. If he kept running, he’d forget the other pain.
Rabbiteater was dealing with his loss in a very specific way. Not a Goblin way, per se, but a Redfang way. When they lost comrades, Garen had told them to train. Train! Until they passed out. You didn’t waste water on tears, but you could sweat.
No matter how fast he ran, though—he couldn’t forget.
Erin was…
Rabbiteater saw Ser Markus try to tackle him. The [Spring Knight] missed; Rabbiteater just ran faster. He’d run until he passed out. Run…a sweet oblivion of…
A figure appeared before him in the grass outside the keep’s walls, from which a few [Knights] on guard-duty watched the attempted running-intervention.
Dame Talia, who had been watching Rabbiteater run all day and been struggling with sympathy of her own, stared at the person who’d appeared in a moment.
She hadn’t seen him, despite being vigilant! She would have reached for the bow or horn she carried—but she knew the armored figure, the stern mask, the fur-lined armor.
The Winter’s Watcher stood in front of Rabbiteater, appearing out of a veil of flurrying snowflakes despite the summer heat. The snow began to melt—save for the air around him, which was always frosty. He? held out a gauntleted hand.
Stop.
Rabbiteater promptly ran around him. The Winter’s Watcher’s helm turned as the Goblin sprinted past him.
“Ser Sol—Rabbit!”
Dame Meisa cried out, horrified. The [Knight-Errant] ran on.
Two minutes later, the Winter’s Watcher appeared in front of him again, in another flurry of snow. Rabbiteater saw the raised palm, the silent gesture.
He ran around the Winter’s Watcher. The [Knight] stuck out a foot.
Rabbiteater went flying. He crashed to the ground, tumbling, trying to get onto his feet. He was exhausted, but he turned. Set himself to run—
The Winter’s Watcher put a foot on his back and stood on him. Rabbiteater flailed, cursing.
“Get off!”
He shouted at the Winter’s Watcher. The other [Knights] had halted. The silent leader of the Order of Winter looked down at Rabbiteater. Slowly, the Goblin’s flailing grew weaker, even as he tried to shift the foot.
Rabbiteater tried to kick up at the codpiece. But his strength was…
Fading…
Snow fell onto the helmets of both [Knights]. The Winter’s Watcher raised their foot and the aura of cold faded. The soporific, leeching power of his aura had done its work.
