8.20
Page 23
He stood up and began to walk out of the booth. That was the trick. Just walk away from people, even bothersome ones. It was rude, but it would w—
“Oh, come now. I’m asking you for your input. Your…people’s input. Don’t go!”
Rabbiteater kept walking but he couldn’t pull out of Greysten’s friendly grip. Exasperated, Rabbiteater swung around.
“Okay. Fine. You want Goblin advice?”
The Summer’s Champion blinked up at him as Rabbiteater leaned in. The Goblin looked around, flipped up his visor, and glowered at the man.
“Stop worrying. Go do it or don’t! Goblins don’t waste time. If the enemy is over there, go over and hit them or ambush them or do something. Or run away! There! Goblin advice given. Goodbye.”
He stomped off. Everyone wanted him for ‘Goblin advice’. His people’s perspective. The Fall’s Sentinel was like that; even Ser Markus asked about Goblin techniques. Rabbiteater was starting to think they just saw him as a Goblin, not Rabbiteater. It was sort of rude. He didn’t see Greysten thoughtfully sit back in his booth. If he had seen how much the Summer’s Champion liked the advice—
Rabbiteater might have gotten a bit worried.
 
—-
 
In The Wandering Inn, friends of the Horns of Hammerad were processing their disappearance with all the mortal reactions imaginable.
Denial. Grief. Acceptance in order to function. Refusing to confront the issue fully.
They were dead? They weren’t dead?
Ryoka Griffin’s idea to check the Garden of Sanctuary led to a group of people searching the statues there, trying not to look at the frozen young woman.
Montressa saw Isceil…but no Horns. She cried anyways. From relief, this time.
Hope.
Yet they didn’t know where their friends were. Their fates might well be in jeopardy, hiding in a coffin eating zombies, like Mrsha now firmly believed and began telling everyone was the case.
That was what people did. When they were uncertain, they speculated.
So as it happened, while the people in the inn were processing the event, the Antinium of Liscor were going through a crisis of faith.
Or…the opposite of a crisis. A relaxment of faith? Pawn was uncertain. He didn’t know a lot of things.
However, he believed. His faith wavered, but from time to time he saw the living proof of his belief made manifest.
That—made it all worth it. That gave him faith in Heaven. That he was doing something right.
All the Antinium had seen it. The two holy guardians who had stepped out of the sky. Not raving Aberrations, not the nightmares of what they might sink to. Something else had come, summoned as they prayed.
Workers. Pawn thought he had known them. He thought he had called them.
“Their names were Knight and Bishop. They chose them, as I did, in moments. You have never met them, most of you. They had no markings we could paint on the walls. So: remember their names. They were the first of us. They will not be the last. Nor will they be forgotten. They are in a better place. The best place. Believe in that. What we do matters.”
He gave his sermon to the Antinium. Some knelt in armor, a warrior-caste of their own. Others were changing their beliefs from simple hope in something new, to a truer faith.
[Believer]. [Faithful]. [Faith Seeker]. [Crusader].
His two [Acolytes] roamed the aisles, passing out Garry-bread. Better than mana from the heavens because Antinium weren’t allergic to it.
Believe. Pawn clasped his hands. The Skill in him had shifted. Now he understood.
I am capable of the same wrath as before. I am also able to change.
