8.20
Page 33
The [Magistrate] fled out into the open street, out of his private manor, screaming in one of the minor cities of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Stitchfolk turned as the wailing man fled a Human woman with one arm made of silver and steel. Blood ran down her arms.
Her face was contorted in rage. A [Berserker’s Rage]. The local Watch, the militia, all came running at the [Magistrate]’s screams. They saw Yvlon emerge. She caught sight of them and never hesitated.
Yvlon came out, sword swinging.
 
—-
 
Ceria Springwalker limped towards the hill in the distance. The dogs were still following, but every now and then she would shoot flames or another spell at them, keeping them wide of her.
She was dehydrated and consuming stamina potions. She needed water. She needed…
“Hello?”
A village had been erected in the shadow of the hill. The people there were used to the crippling heat in the middle of the day.
So they were astonished to see the half-Elf in the distance. One of them pointed and they came out in a nervous cluster, expecting more of the [Bandits] that had been savaging this area. Or the talk of worse monsters.
All they found was a dizzy half-Elf who collapsed half way to them, vomiting stamina potion into the dirt. They looked at each other—then bore her towards their homes to tend to.
 
—-
 
The audience had begun to cheer. Ksmvr stood in the darkness.
Ah. He understood at last where he was. Even if he didn’t know this particular place from the babbling, terrified prisoners who were with him, he was familiar with the vague concept.
Arena. These were prisoners. Criminals. Even two rejected [Slaves] in two other pens, who’d been disobedient or killed their masters.
The audience didn’t care. They were cheering. Waiting for blood.
“We’re dead! We have to tell them—you’re valuable!”
The [Slaver] babbled. He was armed with a single crossbow from Ksmvr’s armory. The Antinium had given similar weapons to the others. Not his best gear.
He considered it necessary. Of course, that meant they were going first.
“We will see. Now—go.”
The doors swung open. The prisoners screamed. Their collars were burning with magic, forcing them out. They stumbled forwards, armed with rusted weapons—and three with Ksmvr’s weapons.
The Antinium stood there for a moment. Where was his team? He was going to find out. He waited in the darkness, looking out into the distant arena at whatever opponents had been sent to slaughter these prisoners.
“Ah. That complicates things.”
Ksmvr’s antennae twitched. He adjusted his Forceshield. Then he stepped into the light.
 
—-
 
Two of the Horns of Hammerad woke into fights for their lives. Another was lost, but found safety in the nick of time.
The last of them woke in chains. He was identified the moment he was found, within minutes of appearing. He opened his eyes to movement, an uncomfortable press of flesh and stink.
Bodies of other people. Pisces felt the metal, magical shackle on his neck and wrists. He realized where he was in the next second, carried in the wagon with the other [Slaves].
Captive, courtesy of the Slave-Merchants of Roshal.
 
—-
 
A day passed. The Horns woke, each alone. Each one separated.
But alive. Alive, whether their friends and allies knew it or not. The days continued. The raid on the Village of the Dead had moved things.
This was the era of great deeds and action. The example of one set others aflame. The King of Destruction rode forth and set another of Nerrhavia’s hordes to flight.
Lyonette du Marquin set another of Mivifa’s private wine bottles to the floor and missed.
