8.20
Page 15
“Silver kills undead and…other things. Yvlon killed a wraith with her arms—they’re made out of silver. Didn’t she?”
Ryoka turned to Eldertuin. The Named Adventurer looked impressed.
“She did. I heard one of the Minotaurs shouting that as we were running. Silver’s an old adventurer trick. I knew a woman who always carried a silver dagger. I didn’t know it was a guaranteed kill on specters…but few fight them, even Named-ranks. Are you certain?”
Ryoka hesitated. She was and she wasn’t. If you asked her for proof, all she had was Yvlon’s example. On the other hand—if she knew stories, and she did, silver was the ticket.
“I am. Surely you’ve heard of silver being used against undead?”
“House Byres used to sell silver-alloyed weapons in bulk. However, it fell out of practice to buy such gear. Even my grandfather didn’t see the need. Perhaps because mundane undead fall to iron or steel just as fast as silver. Ghosts? There haven’t been such threats in quantity for…”
Tyrion trailed off. He looked sideways.
“If this is true, there will be records in House Veltras’ annals. Task Ullim with looking into it, Jericha.”
She nodded, her eyes on Ryoka. The young woman winced, but it was done. She would rather arm them with the truth as she knew it than let an entire fort die to the undead.
Fierre is going to eat me for boosting silver-weaponry sales. The Wind Runner inhaled, then bowed, properly.
“I cannot apologize enough, Lord Tyrion. I…asked you to come here and people died. You too, Eldertuin.”
She looked at him. Both men glanced at each other. Eldertuin was the first to shake his head.
“I agreed to come as an adventurer, Miss Griffin. I had my own score to settle with the Village of the Dead. If I had perished at the hands of that Revenant, I might be more upset.”
He grinned at her. Ryoka almost smiled back. Eldertuin shifted, feeling at his gut again.
“As it is? I’m glad I came. For all it took—we saw the heart of that place. Knowing there was such a threat just sitting there, growing stronger for so long…it chills my marrow.”
The Named Adventurer shuddered. Tyrion nodded as well. He met Ryoka’s gaze.
“There is no need to apologize to me for the fallen either, Miss Ryoka Griffin. I am the commander; the fault for any tactical error is mine.”
“But I asked—”
Lady Desinee raised her brows and the Terland [Lady] looked interested too. Tyrion replied, calmly.
“It was my decision to intervene.”
“I still have the blame for suggesting it all.”
“I am Lord of House Veltras. They are my people. Your guilt is misplaced.”
“But if I’d—”
The two Humans arguing about the guilt of the dead soldiers stopped as they heard a sound. Lord Deilan. He coughed and turned his head, but a faint smile had appeared.
“Perhaps, Lord Veltras, Courier Ryoka, your guilt is well-placed, but assigning it seems a fruitless task.”
Ryoka opened her mouth…and realized he was right. She traded a glance with Tyrion. He almost looked amused. Lady Reikset, the last member of the group that Ryoka didn’t really know, leaned forwards.
She was from the House of Terland, and she was curious. She had apparently come to support Eldertuin, who had married into her family, and her bodyguard-Golems had accompanied her even to this breakfast.
Not just bodyguards, Ryoka realized. The House of Terland was already interesting to her because of Ulva Terland, but she hadn’t realized they had some unique peculiarities of their own genetically.
