8.20
Page 3
Of course, Niers Astoragon had already begun moving. He recognized a feint when he heard one. Cursing, the Goblin missed him as he dove. He fell and she grabbed, but the Chieftain’s crimson eyes widened.
“What?”
Rags had never seen a Fraerling before. Niers stared at her as he fell, missing her grabbing hands by an inch—
Then he fell through the door that had opened in the floor. Rags stared at the tiny door, jaw open. She hadn’t realized you could change the size of the door! Nor—that you could open it on the ground!
[Strategist].
Niers landed in the [Garden of Sanctuary] and realized he didn’t have time to be smug. Rags would open the door in a second. He could…feel her fighting to open it. But he had control. His will was stronger! The two struggled as Niers surged through the grass, shouting for Apista. He felt his control wavering the further he got from the wall—somehow the Garden knew he didn’t need to really use it!
Rags was reaching for the d—
Mrsha walked into the [Garden of Sanctuary], overriding both authorities. She stopped as she saw Niers.
“Hide me! That damn Goblin’s seen me!”
The Titan bellowed. Mrsha’s eyes widened.
 
—-
 
By the time Rags managed to get into the garden, swearing, the Titan was gone. She gazed around, suspiciously staring at Mrsha, but she couldn’t tell where the tiny man was!
Tiny people in the inn? Had Erin…shrunk one of her guests? That was weird, even for her. But wait…Rags had heard about these tiny people. Velan had them in her memories.
“You. Mrsha. Where is the tiny man?”
Mrsha stared blankly at Rags, then gave her a look of genuine concern.
Are you alright? Is your brain running?
She held up a piece of paper. Rags glowered at her, then stomped off. She had to regroup, research that memory—and figure out if that was the same person who’d used a Skill during the battle. It looked like the image of that giant overhead. But if that was the case…
Rags would find him again, now she knew he was there.
She never spotted the Titan, hiding in Mrsha’s fur.
 
—-
 
Niers exhaled, slowly. His instincts were right. The Goblin had missed him when he’d hidden with Mrsha!
He had no Ring of [Appraisal], sadly. However, Niers was one of the greatest [Strategists] in the world and you didn’t get to his position without picking up a few tricks.
His aura-manipulation was weak since he wasn’t really a [General] or royalty or whatnot, but he could read it like a champion and resist almost all cases of it.
Fire. That was what Rags’ aura spoke of. So, working backwards and hearing that she was a chess-playing [Strategist] and [Chieftain] as well, it was easy to figure out what Skill she’d used to find him with.
“[Sense Heat]. I’m pretty sure her eyes can see body heat. Maybe even all relative temperatures. Darn!”
He confided in Mrsha. The Gnoll looked at him, wide-eyed.
“Rags is not a bad person. Maybe. Just a stinking thief.”
Niers laughed as he read that out loud.
“What does that have to do with me keeping secret? Or trusting her? At least she’s a Goblin. Still…”
He sighed. The interlude of safety was already ending. He looked at Mrsha, aware that those adventurers had been special to her. Poor child. They might have been one of the first adventurers she’d known who died like that. He shook his head.
“I need you to help me learn more about that Goblin, Mrsha. Can you do that?”
She nodded, slowly, and glanced towards the inn. Niers directed her as he waved to Apista. Mrsha would be his eyes and ears within The Wandering Inn. He wasn’t going to risk that Goblin finding him with a trick.
