8.20
Page 35
The two were heading to the stables; Greysten had apparently already called for their horses to be saddled, when an angry voice reached them.
“Summer’s Champion!”
Knight-Commander Calirn strode across the ground, glowering at Greysten.
“Knight-Commander. How may I help you?”
Greysten greeted the cold leader of the Order of Seasons. Rabbiteater nodded at him. Calirn nodded back, catching sight of the Goblin and his expression turning slightly sympathetic. But then he was frowning at Greysten again.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, Knight-Commander? Taking my friend here for a ride?”
“Do not play games, Summer’s Champion. I have given my order as the head of the Order of Seasons and you will not—”
With surprising tact, Greysten drew himself upright and interrupted Calirn.
“Knight-Commander. I am sure we can discuss my season’s actions…later? I have already been upbraided by the Spring’s Warden for troubling Ser Solstice with my political talk from yesterday. Pray, let me ride with him for an hour or two—then we can discuss the issue?”
“I—ah.”
Calirn glanced at Rabbiteater. He hesitated, visibly glared at the Summer’s Champion, and nodded with an effort. The Knight-Commander turned to Rabbiteater.
“That would be…appropriate. Ser Solstice, I hope you are feeling better? My condolences. I watched the valor of those adventurers. I cannot express my sorrow, but I hope you will visit whichever season can best aid you. We have all experience with loss.”
“Thanks.”
Rabbiteater mumbled. The Knight-Commander hesitated, but mindful of the sad Goblin-[Knight], nodded and glowered at Greysten.
“After you return, we will speak.”
His tone was warning. Greysten just purred a response.
“Of course, Knight-Commander.”
He turned to Rabbiteater as the Knight-Commander stalked off.
“Apologies, Ser Solstice. Shall we?”
 
—-
 
“I really must apologize, Rabbiteater. I too have lost a dear friend in Izril recently.”
“Really? Who?”
“Ser Raim. I believe I spoke to you? He was my friend, an older [Knight] in my season around my time…I know what it is like to lose someone precious. I know what it is like to lose family. I should not have troubled you with my petty reasons, yet here we are. I apologize for more than that.”
The two rode out of the Order of Seasons’ courtyard, through the first layer of gates, then the second. Rabbiteater turned his visor up to the sky without a word.
It was a beautiful day. Such beauty in the sky, nature…it felt at odds with Erin dying. He found it an injustice. It should have been a maelstrom like the world had never seen when she died. Every day since—and for the Horns too.
Sun did not befit death. He and the Summer’s Champion rode along, saddlebags plush with provisions. Rabbiteater didn’t mind; any Goblin who didn’t ride with snacks was a fool.
His warhorse was a gift from the Order of Seasons. Not nearly as wild as a Carn Wolf, and the motion was much smoother. However, Rabbiteater had learned to ride. From Talia.
He felt bad about that. He felt bad about a lot of things.
The ride would do him good. The Summer’s Champion spoke as they passed through the gates.
“Let us talk about those we have lost, Rabbiteater. Drink for their memories. It is all we can do. It is bitter—but we must move on. I am told your [Innkeeper] is not fully dead. Is that so?”
“Maybe. But…”
The Goblin hung his head. The hope had been revealed to him, but it seemed so far away. So nebulous. How could someone bring Erin back from being frozen?
