8.20
Page 19
“Well, learning to use a sword doesn’t seem to help that much. I’m a bit busy. I don’t intend to be a [Warrior], Lord Veltras.”
“So you intend to mock the creators of the weapon every time you swing it?”
Ryoka’s mouth opened as Tyrion frowned at her.
“It’s a gift! The owners don’t care how I use it! I killed those Wyverns!”
“Yes…as you said. Luck. Miss Ryoka, watching you swing that sword hurts my eyes, if I may be blunt. I must insist. You don’t even stand correctly. If I may be further blunt—you don’t even breathe correctly while wielding it.”
“What?”
 
—-
 
Hethon Veltras was perplexed. One might even say he was perturbed, or flummoxed, or…
Amused. That was because he had never seen this.
His stern father, whom he wasn’t always sure about, who wasn’t always there, had spent a lot of time with Hethon and Sammial. Which wasn’t always fun, actually.
However, since the Wind Runner had come, he’d noticed his father acting differently. Or perhaps it was just seeing sides of him that the boy never saw from his father in their family settings.
He had seen Tyrion in battle. He had seen his stern father entertaining the funny, awkward, interesting Wind Runner.
However, this was the day when he saw his father…well, having fun. Or perhaps that was too strong a word.
He had seen Tyrion smiling when he raced after Ryoka, the first day she’d flown. That had been wondrous for Hethon too. This wasn’t as pure as that amazing sight had been.
It was funny, though.
“Hah!”
Ryoka Griffin shouted as she slashed with her sword. She was poised, trying to integrate her training from self-defense and martial arts classes into holding the sword. She moved quickly, arms and legs working in tandem as she slashed fast at Tyrion’s side, not going for a huge strike, feinting—
She was athletic, coordinated, and she had seen actual fighting and had the wind on her side. Ryoka slashed.
Tyrion brought the tip of his sword down on her head.
Thump. Hethon winced as he heard the blow. Ryoka staggered.
“Motherf—”
She clutched at her head. Tyrion calmly set himself.
“My point?”
Ryoka’s response was to point. The wind buffeted Tyrion and he nearly staggered. She charged, stabbing—
Thwak! Hethon and Sammial winced as he hit her on the exact same spot.
Lord Tyrion didn’t even try to dodge or parry Ryoka. He didn’t need to. He saw her coming at him and hit her before she could hit him. This time Ryoka dropped her sword and clutched at her forehead, cursing at him.
“You do not know how to wield a sword. I respect your weapon, but I cannot let you claim the same. There is a difference between self-taught and ignorance.”
Lord Tyrion informed Ryoka. Hethon tried to hide a grin as Ryoka picked up her blade.
He had been very polite to her, like a guest. However, it seemed the Wind Runner had finally gotten to a point where even Lord Tyrion’s famed politeness ran its course. And that was the art of blades.
“Allow me to give you a basic lesson.”
Ryoka breathed in and out. A dangerous look was in her eyes, one that Hethon and Sammial didn’t miss. They began nudging each other, grinning. Tyrion hadn’t seen it—mainly because people did not often shout at him. On the other hand, even Lord Deilan, Eldertuin, and the other watchers could see Ryoka Griffin’s off look in her happy smile.
“I would love that, Lord Veltras. Thank you for educating me. I apologize so much for being presumptuous.”
The [Lord] shrugged slightly, lowering the practice sword.
“Your apology is not nec—”
“[Flashbang]!”
