8.20
Page 31
He tried to speak with the man between his mandibles. The others, a motley group of ragged people, backed away in horror. Ksmvr released his mandibles—raised his weapons as the man staggered back, screaming in horror.
The glow of his artifacts lit up this place. Ksmvr looked around and realized.
He was in a cell. So were they. No…some kind of…holding area? The other prisoners saw Ksmvr aim the shortsword at the ones holding his crossbows, bow, dagger, and other weapons.
“Drop them.”
They hesitated—looked at the Antinium—and did. Ksmvr spoke.
“Push them over to me or I will kill you all horribly and eat your bowels and hang your remaining innards up for decoration.”
He was rather pleased his impromptu threat worked. The group of prisoners tossed the weapons down. Ksmvr grabbed them with his free arm, watching them. He was ready for one to attack—but they were all horrified.
“It’s alive! It’s an Antinium!”
One whispered. Ksmvr realized they knew what he was—but not who he was. Curious. He looked at the enchanted bars of the cell. There was a door—yet it was closed with no discernable unlocking mechanism.
“Where am I? What have you done with my teammates?”
The group huddled in darkness had no answer. They looked at each other. At last, one began to laugh.
“You don’t know? You—you just appeared! Here! Of all the ill-luck places! Give us the weapons, Ant-person. We’ll all need ‘em.”
“No. Answer my question. Where is my team?”
Ksmvr aimed a crossbow at him, but the ragged man—the one who’d been speculating about his market value—only grinned, a broken grin of despair.
“No clue. Maybe they’re in the other cells? We’re all dead, anyways. How’d you get here? Let us out—we tried your weapons on the doors, but they’re still too weak.”
“Where am I? Answer me.”
Ksmvr looked around. Beyond him, he saw a dusty…he strode to the bars, watching the others as they stared at him. A former [Slaver], or someone who’d worked for them. A shifty [Thief]—the one Ksmvr had bitten. What looked like a horrified former [Trader], clothes torn.
The eight people in the cell were all men. Not all Human; but they all had a connection. Ksmvr identified it.
Criminals. He was in some kind of jail. Logic dictated that, of course. He glanced out at the place beyond.
This wasn’t a formal prison, though. What was that sand on the ground? The rounded basin?
“Hey! We’ve got an Antinium-thing in here! Let us out! Do you hear? He just appeared! Don’t kill us!”
The [Slaver] began to bellow. Two more rushed to the bars, shouting to someone—Ksmvr tried to stop them, but they were desperate. Something…he looked out again. Then he realized.
He was staring out into an arena. There were people in the audience seats, high overhead. They had no idea he was here.
 
—-
 
Ceria Springwalker woke up when something bit her. She shouted, kicked—and got a leg full of needles.
The Needlehound bounded away. Ceria sat up, stared at the dozen needles in her leg, and screamed.
“Aaaaaaaaah—”
She reached for them, remembered not to yank them out, and looked around.
“Pisces! Ksmvr! Yvlon!”
No one was near her. The Needlehound barked at her; Ceria stared at the dog, then around.
Arid ground, a cluster of bushes over there—some kind of hill over there—she reached for the needles, shouted again.
“Gaah! Pisces! Where are you?”
She raised her hand, gritted her teeth—then yanked the needles free. Swearing, Ceria reached for her belt. Her healing potion splashed on the wound.
Then she heard more barking. More dogs, oddly spiked fur appeared out of the dry landscape. Ceria looked around.
