8.20
Page 32
Dogs. Hungry ones too. Feral and growling. Ceria had no idea where she was, but she recognized danger. She raised her hands in an instant.
“[Ice Wall]!”
Nothing happened. Ceria blinked. The dogs were circling her. They’d jumped back at her shout, but then just gotten angrier. The half-Elf tried again.
“…[Ice Wall]?”
A tiny ring of ice climbed up around her. Ceria gaped at it—then began to cough. She realized her skin was dry. She was parched.
She felt baked. Her skin was red; she must have been lying in the sun! The—Ceria looked up and saw a blue sky. She looked around again and finally realized.
This wasn’t Izril. Unless Izril was a desert. Ceria tried to get up, but she began hacking at the dust in her mouth.
The dogs drew closer, the pack growling. Ceria pointed at the biggest one. [Ice Spike]! She…failed to cast the spell.
There wasn’t any water! An [Ice Mage]’s big weakness. Ceria gulped. Oh no. The dogs were tensing. So the half-Elf coughed, took a swig from the healing potion for liquid, not healing, and used her second tactic.
The half-Elf’s instinctive, magical connection with nature. Ceria spoke to the dogs.
“Hey you little bastards! Get lost!”
She had the power to speak to beavers too. Like the Fortress Beavers, the dogs flinched. Ceria waved her hands. She danced about, shouting, making herself appear bigger.
“Grr! Bark! Bark! Get lost! I’m mad! Piss off!”
The dogs looked at each other—then backed up from the angry half-Elf. Good enough. Ceria looked around, swaying. She was nearly out of mana, exhausted, and she had no idea where her team was.
“Pisces?”
She tried to cast the private message spell between them. A glowing spark of light floated up—but nothing else happened.
He was too far away? Or…? Ceria looked around. The pack of dogs had retreated. But it was watching her. Waiting for her to die.
 
—-
 
Lost, alone, each one in peril. The Horns of Hammerad were alone. Weakened.
Yvlon Byres looked at the greedy [Magistrate]. At his guards. She didn’t know where her team was. And she was a captive in chains.
Her arm tensed against the steel holding her. The Stitchfolk laughed.
“We have held you, Miss Byres. Please don’t resist and cooperate. Or you will find the hospitality of Nerrhavia’s F—”
Crack. Ducaz’s little speech ended on a squeak. He saw the first link of enchanted steel—snap as Yvlon’s good arm strained against the chair. Then, it began to bulge.
Yvlon’s silver-steel muscles pulled at the chains. She was just a bit too weak to break them. Normally, that was. Even her enhanced arm couldn’t break the chains—someone with [Enhanced Strength] would fail!
What about Silversteel arms and a berserker’s rage? Yvlon’s face contorted. She didn’t see her arm bulge.
“Stop! Stop—my guards will be forced to injure—”
“Grah!”
The [Silversteel Armsmistress] tore her arm free of the chains. Ducaz fled backwards as the bodyguards flinched. Bits of broken metal showered across the room as Yvlon reached for her sword.
“Stop her!”
The [Magistrate] screamed. The Stitchfolk surgedd of [Golem Artificers] forwards. Too late.
“Pisces! Ceria! Ksmvr!”
The scream was laced with fury. Ducaz saw the [Guards] hesitate—then slash at her with their weapons.
“Stop, you fools! Don’t kill her!”
He screamed at them. Then—he saw the tip of her sword run through the first [Guard]’s front. Ducaz backed up—then ran for the door.
