8.20
Page 13
Lord Tyrion strode forwards and found Ryoka Griffin lying on the ground, still bound in spells. She looked completely upset at the magical bindings not vanishing.
Then again—it appeared to be a stalemate, as Jericha was lying flat on her back in the mud about nineteen feet away.
Sammial Veltras was respectfully standing at attention and helping Ryoka to sit up when Lord Tyrion found her like that. He saw Jericha storming up the hill, wand raised—
The woman slowed when she saw the [Lord]. Tyrion raised an eyebrow.
“I would have assumed you stopped her from casting magic, Jericha.”
“I did. I—”
Jericha was fuming. The [Lord] however, was calm. He turned back to Ryoka at once.
Interesting. Why was every single thing this Courier did so…odd?
 
—-
 
Ryoka breathed in and out. Calm. She was calm. She stood up, dusted herself off, and turned to Jericha.
“Um. Sorry about that. I lost my temper.”
The woman gave her a flat look. Ryoka felt, intrinsically, that the two hadn’t gotten off to a good start…and every interaction since had not improved matters.
In some ways, it was a personality thing. Jericha struck Ryoka as a straight-laced kind of woman. She was a soldier, rather like Periss. She followed orders…waitaminute. Ryoka’s eyes narrowed.
Ilvriss and Periss had been an encounter she remembered back in the winter, Bloodfield days. Dead gods, how many years ago was that?
…Right, less than a full year. It felt longer. Ryoka still had to master the calendar, but she was almost certain the time scale was off in some way. Probably the number of months in a season.
Did that mean everyone was older than they looked? Or aged slower? She put that aside for the moment.
Jericha. Tyrion. She swung her head back to the [Lord] who had instructed his subordinate to set her free. Hm.
There were definitely parallels in Izril’s hierarchy, between Drakes and Humans no less. Sexism. Also—story tale events, like Vampires in hiding, the [Lord] and the faithful retainer… Ryoka could get into that.
Or she could blackmail Jericha by threatening to expose her probable affection for Tyrion.
Or…she could apologize and not be the nuisance she undoubtedly was.
Ryoka Griffin ducked her head and tried to be a bit more contrite. Jericha was eying her.
“You have a gift with the wind, Miss Griffin. Is it a Skill?”
“Er…”
And she was onto Ryoka’s connection with the wind. The day…couldn’t get worse after the Horns went missing. Somehow, Ryoka just didn’t believe they were dead, though. So she was just in a state of worry. Confusion. Fear.
In short, she was back to normal. Ryoka was spared from having to explain further by Hethon running up.
“What was that? Was it the wind?”
Sammial turned to his older brother. He called out, loudly enough to be heard by the [Soldiers] nearby.
“It was her! Jericha wouldn’t let her go! So the Wind Runner used her powers! It was like…a super fart! It blew the tent away!”
Tyrion, Jericha, and Hethon all turned to look at the boy. Then at Ryoka. The Courier had slowly begun to turn red. Lord Tyrion’s eyes flickered. He coughed, and then, with amazing force of will, pretended that last moment had not happened.
“Miss Griffin. I hope you are not planning on returning to the Village of the Dead? It would be your death.”
He looked at her. Ryoka nodded, breathing in and out. Just a peek? No—even the wind was afraid of that place. Something foul was there.
“I’m fine. Thank you for stopping me, Lord Veltras. And you—Jericha. Sorry about the wind. I’m…they’re my friends. The Horns of Hammerad. They’re alive. I know it.”
