8.20
Page 5
Greysten was their leader of crusades, who might well command in place of Calirn in times of war. He was advocating for just that.
“Let us march on Ailendamus’ army while it is within the borders! His Majesty will surely see the need to check Ailendamus’ power! They must be held before they swallow all of Terandria’s south, Calirn. We are not disagreeing over this, surely?”
Calirn shook his head along with the Spring’s Warden. Even the Fall’s Sentinel looked troubled.
No, no one was blind to the threat Ailendamus posed, nor its increasingly aggressive campaigns. It was just…
“Ailendamus cannot be fought alone, Summer’s Champion. I agree Ailendamus must be checked. However. If Pheislant, or the Order of Seasons itself stands alone, who is to say we will simply not become another casualty in the Dawn Concordat’s war? If we are alone, I believe the results may be dire.”
Silence greeted Calirn’s words. No one said it outright, not even him. However, what he meant was this:
We could lose against Ailendamus, even if Pheislant joins the Dawn Concordat. All four nations weren’t even half of Ailendamus’ size combined.
Ironically, if it were a century ago and Silvaria reigned, the situation might be far easier. However, the area was still recovering from the Necromancer’s desolation.
There were many coastal nations. Desonis. Nadel. Pheislant. Each one with powers like the Lord of the Dance, the Earl of Rains, the Order of Seasons, individuals or groups that made other nations wary.
However, they were all weaker individually than Ailendamus. Even combined, it might be an even battle. Ailendamus was just…big. As big as Nerrhavia’s Fallen, to name another superpower. Destroy one army and they sent ten. Destroy ten and they could raise twenty.
“I do not ignore the cost, Knight-Commander. But I tell you that each time we hesitate and let justice go undone, I feel we have betrayed our knightly-oaths. I know the reasons, but I feel it in my marrow.”
Greysten punctuated the comment with another, weaker, slam on the table. Calirn glared at him as the [Knights] watching the debate of the three Seasons’ heads murmured.
He could have said that in private. Greysten was honest to a fault. Stubborn as a Drake, too.
The two argued, but the main issue was set and the two were just clashing personalities as much as actual debate.
 
—-
 
One did not have to take part in the open war-council to know that Greysten would argue and Calirn would wait. All things being equal, they had time to do something about Ailendamus’ army, which still had ground to cover. A decision was not necessary.
So, the savvy [Knight] privy to the workings of the Order of Seasons might well choose to look at something more interesting.
Like…the least-sad Goblin in the entire world.
Least sad. Yes, Rabbiteater was the least-sad Goblin. Why? Because he was in a safe place, with people who knew he was a Goblin yet welcomed him and treated him as equal. He had enough to eat, he was leveling, had good armor…
Thus, he was the least-sad Goblin ever. So what if people he knew were dead? If Erin…was dead?
Goblins lost people they loved every day. That did not make Rabbiteater special. He dealt with it.
Erin was dead.
He’d just been told. Then, shortly afterwards, the Horns, who he had known—disappeared in the Village of the Dead’s raid. Probably dead too.
What was interesting to an observer was that the Goblin did not, as a Human might, flee to the arms of a lover like Dame Meisa, who rumor had it was in a relationship with him. Nor fall to drink or depression.
