8.20
Page 30
Her sword was missing. And—Yvlon realized, so was her armor, and her bag of holding. It was all lying on a table in front of her, she saw. She had clothing; someone had taken off her gear.
“Ah. Yes. Regrettable, very. I am sure perhaps even the royal court of Nerrhavia’s Fallen—perhaps even her exalted majesty will want to see such a notable adventurer! Not least because you hopped across the world in a moment! Yet I would be remiss as manager of this city and region if I did not…inquire first.”
The Stitch-Man’s eyes focused on the table, the bedraggled adventurer. He studied the artifacts lying there.
“You came here with a powerful artifact. They already say the Helm of Fire has been found among the spoils of the fallen. I see…other possessions from this raid are here. No doubt your teammates have similar such items. Where are they?”
Yvlon focused on the objects on the table. Her weapons! And—she growled. She had snatched more than the one scroll from the Putrid One’s altar. Ducaz held one, a relic beyond knowing. He looked at her.
“I would be happy to locate your team, Miss Byres. But I will locate them first—then see to your comfort as guests of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Where are they?”
Yvlon Byres saw the light of avarice in his eyes. She growled.
“You imprisoned me for my artifacts?”
“You are hardly a slave, Miss Byres. Yet one does not simply toss an emerald that falls out of the sky into one’s lap to one side, do they?”
Ducaz chuckled. So did his bodyguards. Then the Stitch-Man grew serious.
“Tell me and this will be easier, Human.”
Yvlon swore, grimly. She had no idea where the Horns were. If this man hadn’t found them—where were they?
 
—-
 
The second Horn woke in darkness to voices.
“How much is it worth?”
“If it is still alive? Five thousand gold for rare species at any market. Minimum. That is for rare species. For an…Antinium? Ten times that, perhaps.”
Ksmvr heard the voices. He did not move. He woke, but kept still.
I am not bound? Or am I and not noticing? My weapons are gone.
I did not keep my promise. Where is Yvlon?
Where is Ceria? Pisces?
Where am I?
A mixture of emotions ran through him. He recalled leveling up. He heard the voices, speculating.
“Look at all the artifacts. This—”
“Don’t wave that! You’ll kill someone else! Is that bastard…?”
The smell of burnt flesh. Ksmvr put the pieces together. They were inspecting his artifacts. Someone had found the Flamecoat Dagger. Someone else had been immolated.
My gear. They were nearly right on top of him. He didn’t know how long he’d been asleep. Not long enough for them to finish their search.
“What else has it got? Is it dead?”
“Doesn’t matter. We’re all dead.”
“Not if it’s alive! It’s worth money! I told you—get the attention of those bastards. Tell them we’ve got—”
A hand was rummaging for his belt, feeling for any other object on Ksmvr’s body. The searcher was in darkness, as were the others. However, there was enough light to see by in this dark…whatever.
And they didn’t realize Ksmvr was looking at them. He had no eyelids to close or open.
The prone Antinium suddenly sat up. The figure bending over him screamed, jerking back and raising the Forceshield and shortsword he’d taken off Ksmvr’s body.
Too late. The [Skirmisher]’s mandibles closed on his face. The others froze as the jaws closed hard on the man’s head. Not hard enough to bite or crush—but the man held very still.
Ksmvr grabbed the shortsword and Forceshield. He studied the other frozen people.
“Ere am I? Ere is ith?”
