8.20
Page 20
Ryoka hurled the explosion in his face. Hethon cried out as he went deaf and blind. He was far enough away that the flash wasn’t as bad. He saw the dim shape of Ryoka charging in. She’d jumped into a flying kick!
Tyrion Veltras recoiled from the explosion. He lifted his sword—
And whacked Ryoka in the midsection, mid-kick. Straight into the ground. She might be fast, and use tricks. But he was one of the greatest [Lords] in the world in combat.
Ryoka Griffin rolled about, clutching at her stomach. Tyrion stood over her, frowning.
“You—”
She threw the sword at him. He dodged—too late. The sword bounced off his arm. Ryoka went for a leg-sweep, hopping mad. Tyrion brought the hilt down on her head in the same place as the last two blows.
Bonk. Hethon winced as Ryoka went cross-eyed. He knew his father. He was probably not pulling his blows. Ryoka lay back down on the ground. Tyrion opened his mouth.
A gale of wind blew him across the ground. Hethon saw Ryoka get up. His father caught himself, and his boots locked him to the ground. He strode forwards, scowling.
“Enough. This is childish—”
“Catch.”
Ryoka tossed something at him. Tyrion saw the jar flying at him, pivoted, and whirled.
He slashed the jar in half, avoiding the contents, and walked past, striding towards her. The liquid flashed into the air—
And the wind blew it across his back. It still didn’t reach him. Not quite; the liquid splashed against a barrier in the air. Proof against the kind of acid-jar attacks that could easily humble even the greatest adventurers who were careless.
However…the liquid didn’t need to touch him to work. Hethon gagged as the worst stink in the world filled his nose. It splashed around Tyrion and he recoiled, putting a hand to his nose. He looked at Ryoka. She smirked at him. Then—
He brought the sword down on her forehead.
 
—-
 
She was taking sword-lessons. The truth was she probably could use them. However, it was the delivery that had ticked her off.
Well—well—mistakes had been made. Ryoka’s head still hurt, despite the healing potion. Yet she was willing to let bygones be bygones.
She…didn’t quite look at Tyrion Veltras as he stared at her from where Jericha was trying to de-stink his armor. He could be damned stubborn and he’d hit her five times in the same spot!
Ryoka could acknowledge she had gone a bit far in return, though. Showering him with a stink potion and then getting the wind to blow mud around him and onto his pristine armor and clothes? Bit much.
Tossing the Pepperspray Potion as well had probably been the step too far. She’d deserved that last hit.
“Um. I do need to uh, leave for a bit. I’ll come back to take those lessons! I just…need to visit the Mage’s Guild. So I’m going to do that. Sorry about the armor.”
The Lord of House Veltras stared at her. Ryoka began to back up. Several of House Veltras’ soldiers, who did not appreciate watching their liege-lord covered in mud—or the smell or stinging Pepperspray in the air—blocked Ryoka’s path.
However, Lord Tyrion eventually replied.
“If you need to send a [Message], Jericha is more than capable of obliging the request. A Mage’s Guild may relay your words.”
“Oh. I, uh—well, it’s private.”
Tyrion might have given her a polite response. Before the stink bomb. He just folded his arms.
“Jericha is discreet. A Mage’s Guild is more private in how it handles your [Messages]? A [Scribe] will take it down, a [Mage] may read it—copy it and sell it. Whereas Jericha can send a [Message] directly or ensure House Veltras correspondence is kept private.”
“…Okay. Good point.”
