8.20
Page 29
Uh oh. Wyvern poo. Mrsha backed up slowly.
“Young…lady. Excuse me a second.”
Ser Lormel stepped forwards. Mrsha waved at him. She smiled and he smiled.
“We were wond—”
Mrsha turned and bolted down the street. The [Knights] cried out.
“Wait! Stop!”
They ran after her, but Mrsha dove past a group of Drakes, leapt under a hamburger stall, and vanished into the city before they could follow her. Uh oh! Uh oh!
She was in big trouble now! Mrsha ran to tell Lyonette. As she did, she had a sinking suspicion the [Knights] had changed quarry from the carmine-haired [Princess] to a much simpler descriptor.
Where was the white Gnoll?
They were not the only ones asking. As Mrsha scampered after Selys, who’d paused to throw up again, a Gnoll dressed in travelling clothes sighed and adjusted his worn hat.
“Hm. There you are.”
 
—-
 
The day after the Horns vanished, life resumed. Informed by what had happened, but already other concerns were making themselves known, interfering with even grief. The luxury of having a day, a week, a month, or years to take events as you pleased…didn’t exist.
The Horns of Hammerad landed across Chandrar. They were found before they woke, all but one of them. Yet they did wake, within a day of their escape from the Village of the Dead at the longest.
Four adventurers appeared in blazes of light, falling, crying out before they lapsed into unconsciousness.
Three were found almost immediately upon appearing. One was not.
Two were recognized almost as quickly. Two more, not for their names and roles in the raid.
Two of the four woke in chains. One in another kind of captivity. The last—perilous freedom.
They were separated, alone, worn from battle and uncertain of the others’ fates. Tired, wounded.
 
—-
 
“—up. Wake up.”
Yvlon Byres inhaled something foul and strong and gagged. Her eyes opened wide. She jerked—and the world swam into focus.
The [Armsmistress] jerked moving forwards, and the hand retreated. The self-satisfied man looked alarmed as the woman tried to surge forwards, still thinking she was fighting, or falling.
She was arrested by the chains on her arms, legs. Purely for safety. She was nominally under arrest.
“Wh—what—where—”
Yvlon growled. Her throat was dry. She felt—she yanked at one arm and then the other. Then—looked down.
Her right arm was gone. A jagged stump of metal was all that remained. That—half-Elf monstrosity had torn it off.
The woman’s attention was on her arm for only a second. She noticed her other arm was bound in chains. Her captors had apparently had trouble with one arm since they couldn’t bind two together, but they had cobwebbed it up in links of steel. She herself was bound to a chair.
“There, you see? She wakes! Commend the [Alchemist]. You—ah, you are Yvlon Byres, yes?”
The person who’d woke her was also the leader of the room of mostly men. All but him wore armor. He looked like…Yvlon squinted at him blearily.
“Where am I? What—where’s my team?”
The Stitch-man smiled. It was not a pleasant smile. It was in fact, a rather greedy, rather presumptuous smile.
“The rest of your team? That is the question I ask you. Miss Yvlon Byres of the Horns of Hammerad. You appeared in a spell, in my city. Ah, but we forget our manners. I am Ducaz Satin, ruler of this region. You—you are a guest of the great, glorious empire of Nerrhavia’s Fallen! Fortune be to you that you came to us.”
Yvlon blinked, still unfocused, as the man’s guards all made a gesture. The self-satisfied man, this room…
“Why am I chained up? Where’s…”
