8.20
Page 2
Not to mention allocating money for the dead. It turned out…that the wills of three of the four Horns of Hammerad were made out to ‘The Wandering Inn’, and ‘Erin Solstice’ or other inhabitants. Pisces had no wish to send money back to his family. Ceria had left her possessions to her teammates or the inn, also far from home. Ksmvr had no family or Hive.
Only Yvlon had bequeathed her possessions to her brother and family. As their wills came in and their shares of the treasure were negotiated…Mrsha kept hugging Selys, burying her face against the Drake’s scales. Because Selys had to be strong.
Rags listened to the quiet talking with one ear as she glanced around the inn.
“…No bodies found. No sign of them.”
Her ears perked up at a conversation between an adventurer and Selys. Bevussa, of all people! The Garuda stared at Rags.
Rags waved back. The Gold-rank Captain turned to answer Selys, stumbling over her words.
“They might be alive. I’ve known adventurers to survive worse, Selys. If they aren’t…[Scrying] spells can’t find…?”
The Drake shook her head, looking sick.
“I asked. It doesn’t work on the…dead. Besides which—magic fails in the Village of the Dead, remember? Someone tried. No luck.”
Which of course was because the [Scrying] spell was out of range. No one knew that, however. The [Scrying] spell could have found the Horns anywhere within a thousand miles of where it was targeted. Who would bother to expand that radius?
The point was for Rags, the raid’s outcome had become a purely non-Goblin matter. As in—no Goblin was getting the loot, her tribe benefitted not at all from the outcomes unless Selys wrangled the Helm of Fire by some miracle from the loot pool.
She had bigger fish to fry. Or rather, Calescent did. She watched him hurry into the kitchen to play with all the cooking tools and recipes Imani had given him. He watched an adventurer raid and his first thought was ‘let’s make some spicy breaded fish’!
Some people. Rags shook her head. She had bigger fish to fry.
And smaller rats to catch. She narrowed her eyes and went prowling back upstairs. Rags opened the door to Erin’s room, stopped, and stared at the chessboard.
“Hm.”
She sat down and inspected the very odd message on the board. Now, this wasn’t a chess game. What did those black-and-white stones spell with the chess pieces?
“undrstd. Snding. Kp sfe. What?”
Rags scratched at her head. Just when she picked up the common language, they had to use stupid…she glanced around.
“Hmm.”
 
—-
 
Niers Astoragon swore ten kinds of curses as he hid behind a mug or pot or something on the nightstand. Of all the times for that Goblin to walk in! Not least before he’d been able to erase the messages!
Worse still, she was looking around. Sniffing the air. Then—Rags began casually walking around the room, checking under the bed, patting the sheets…
Looking for him. The Titan cursed and slowly edged around the cup. Had she sensed him using Skills yesterday? That was not a [Strategist]’s regular ability! Then again—she was a Chieftain! Goblins and their damn abilities!
Garden door? Niers looked around. He did not want to have to kill that Goblin. Of course, that was a last resort. However, her spotting him might complicate things. He did not like random variables in a battle, and his secrecy mattered now that everyone knew he was still alive. He saw Rags’ head turn.
“Hmm. Hmm. My imagination?”
She walked towards the window, and Niers saw her check it. Then the Goblin shrugged to herself. She walked past the dresser, whirled—and jumped for him.
