8.20
Page 36
It crushed him. The smiling young woman, who had given him everything after he had found her, lost and alone with his brothers. Who had given him the strength to beat the Bear-[General]!
“The world isn’t fair.”
He muttered. He had known that, but it bore saying again. The Summer’s Champion touched his arm.
“No. It is not, is it? Yet that is why we are here.”
They rode out of the keep. The Summer’s Champion raised his head. His orange hair seemed to burn under the sun. His voice rose, accordingly.
“The world is not fair! We [Knights] fight for ‘goodness’! We try to do what is right. And we fail.”
He clenched his hand.
“The greatest of us fall to treachery, fall before dark monsters! This is a truth of the world. The world is not fair—but—that is why we are here. Because, Rabbiteater. You are not alone.”
The Goblin’s head rose. He looked at the man. At last, Rabbiteater smiled. He moved his visor up to let Greysten see it.
“That sounds like something Erin would say.”
“Really? Then I shall say more such platitudes! The Summer’s Champion, departing!”
He raised a hand and the [Knights] on the wall saluted him. Him and the Goblin.
What a sight. Rabbiteater turned his head to memorize it. If nothing else…he had this.
More than this. As if Greysten’s words had heralded it, someone on guard-duty cried out, seeing the two riding out.
“Hoi there! Is that Ser Solstice?”
The two slowed their mounts. Ser Raist, another [Summer Knight] who’d been part of Talia’s group, leaned over the balcony.
“Ser Raist!”
The Summer’s Champion waved up at him, a smile blooming on his face. Ser Raist called down to Rabbiteater.
“I heard of your sadness, sir! Are you riding out, Summer’s Champion? I would be honored to join you.”
“If you can catch us—no, wait. Ser Solstice?”
The Summer’s Champion deferred to Rabbiteater. The Goblin looked up and shrugged.
“Why not?”
Greysten smiled, relieved. Raist smiled, and hurried for the stairs.
“Are you going riding? I shall too, if I may! The Season of Summer should not be alone. Not when one of us mourns.”
Another [Knight] called out. Dame Chise! She smiled down at Rabbiteater.
“The more the merrier. Assuming that’s alright? Come on, then!”
The Summer’s Champion shouted up at the walls. That was how Rabbiteater found the two [Summer Knights] hurrying after him. Then—he realized there were more than two.
“Ser Solstice! Could we trouble you?”
Ser Markus breathlessly rode up, with Meisa, some of the other Spring Knights, and, to Rabbiteater’s gratified surprise, Dame Talia. She nodded at him, looking uncertainly at Greysten.
The Summer’s Champion looked taken aback at Talia, but he slapped Ser Markus on the shoulder.
“Good man. You might belong to my season soon! The more the merrier! Come on now, let’s pick up the pace!”
Nearly ten [Knights] proceeded out of the Order of Seasons. Rabbiteater was talking to Ser Markus, realizing that his private talk with Greysten might be compromised.
Yet there was something good here too, in company. This—this was like riding with a band of Redfangs. He swallowed a lump in his throat. Most didn’t know who he was, but the Season of Summer considered him one of their own.
As the [Knights] came out of the Order of Seasons, they passed a group riding back towards the keep. Greysten halted the sixteen or so [Knights].
“Hey there! Out on a patrol?”
“A morning’s ride, Summer’s Champion. Is that Ser Solstice?”
One of the sixteen spotted the Goblin and nodded at him. Greysten gestured.
“We’re on a ride to cheer him up. Why don’t you join us?”
