8.20
Page 38
They emerged from the forest, heading out of the Order of Seasons’ lands. Faster now; they moved at a trot, but someone was using a movement Skill.
“I say, we’re going rather far, aren’t we, Summer’s Champion? Do you always ride this far?”
Ser Markus looked slightly amazed at the distance they’d come with only forty minutes of riding. Dame Meisa’s mouth worked.
“You must be pulling our legs, Ser Markus. Are you serious?”
Rabbiteater was riding at the head of the long train of [Knights]. He slowed his horse and the Summer’s Champion laughed as they began heading down towards Pheislant proper.
“Now, what have we here? Out for a stroll? Fancy that!”
He was really, really bad at lying. Mrsha-bad. The sixty [Knights] innocently put up their lances.
“Just practicing parade-riding, Summer’s Champion. Are you riding out? Why don’t we join you?”
Dame Voost winked at Rabbiteater. He frowned at the best bladeswoman in the Season of Summer. Then he turned to the Summer’s Champion.
“I’m beginning to think this isn’t about me.”
“What? No, why would you say that, Ser Solstice? I just…happened to meet all these fine [Knights] from my season. We are here for you. Incidentally, your advice from yesterday was really quite good.”
“Advice? What adv—”
The Goblin’s eyes narrowed. Then he swore and turned his head. Greysten happily offered him a roll.
“Have one of these. They have bits of meat baked into the crust. Very good. Let’s pick up the pace, shall we?”
They began to ride faster. Because they could, because it was a fine day. Also—because Knight-Commander Calirn might have noticed the practically-deserted Season of Summer, or seen the huge procession and be in the middle of losing his temper.
They headed down the narrow pass that you could hold an invading army at. The Summer’s Champion halted them for a second and looked up.
“We salute the winter! Will you join us on our ride or gainsay it? What say you, Winter’s Watcher?”
Apprehensively, the [Knights] looked up. For there, perched high overhead was the solitary figure. The head of the Season of Winter. If anyone was going to stop them—
The frost-covered figure looked down at the Summer’s Champion. Then—they raised their hand. The Summer’s Champion grinned. He saluted the distant figure.
“Onwards, friends! Winter has chosen not to slow us down! Forwards! Er—to comfort Ser Solstice, that is!”
 
—-
 
A hundred and twenty plus [Knights] were riding out of the Order of Seasons when they met a larger group. This time—it was three seasons.
Spring, Summer, and Fall, all camped outside of the Order of Season’s lands. On a training exercise, put together last night by the Summer’s Champion himself. They looked up, and mounted up, calling out to Ser Solstice.
“Wait a second. I’m beginning to think there’s something going on here.”
Ser Markus called out from just behind the head of the army of [Knights] coming down the road. The Summer’s Champion nearly fell out of his saddle laughing. So did most of the others, proving that knightly-valor didn’t mean you didn’t have to have a sense of humor.
Nor that being fast on the uptake was also a requirement. Ser Markus buried his face in his horse’s mane for nearly twenty minutes after he figured it out.
“You know, you were the excuse. I meant what I said. But it might have to wait till later. Or—if we ride together, I will not ask you to join us. This is my decision alone.”
Greysten looked at Rabbiteater. The Goblin [Knight] stared ahead. He looked down the long road and saw the shapes waiting for them ahead. Then he looked at the Summer’s Champion.
