8.20
Page 37
The other [Knights] called encouragement. Why not? The day was fair! And all sixteen were Summer Knights too. They fell in with the others in good cheer.
Talia and Markus blinked at so many of the same season together. It was actually rare; the seasons liked to mingle. But it might have been a training exercise. They rode with the Summer’s Champion, talking to Rabbiteater, praising the battle, trying to offer sympathies.
It was hard to talk to him! However, the convivial atmosphere was good. Ser Markus realized someone had taken a bunch of hot rolls from the mess hall and was tossing them around.
“They’re made with something called ‘baking soda’! See how good they are? That’s with a baking Skill!”
“Quite good! Ser Solstice, why are you upset?”
Rabbiteater rubbed at his eyes. He tried to explain and the [Knights] listened, riding with him.
Even here, she came. In fluffy bread. He tasted it and it was good.
This was Erin. Not literally, but…he looked at the Season of Summer and thought she would fit right in. The smiling [Knights], Greysten exclaiming over the origin of baking soda…
They were heading down the lovely plateau and forest built around the ruined half-Elven kingdom that was the Order of Season’s special land on Pheislant. To the south lay the cliffs bordering the sea. Ahead?
A group of thirty or so [Knights], dressed in orange and red armor straightened. They were all bending to inspect something, baskets in hand.
“So is this an edible mushroom?”
“No, poisonous. How are you finding these? Please tell me you didn’t just nibble that.”
The Autumn Knight sighed, their more royal purple armor glinting despite the mushroom-foraging duty. All of them turned.
“Summer’s Champion, what are you doing here?”
“Riding! Are you out foraging mushrooms?”
The [Knights] nodded, indicating the few shrooms—mostly horribly poisonous—in the baskets. There were a number of Autumn Knights with them. All in armor. All with horses.
“Why not give up on that and join us for a ride? We can all pick mushrooms when we get back.”
With good humor, the [Knights] looked at each other and agreed. The first one, who had lips that were slowly turning worryingly blue, grinned at Rabbiteater.
“We’re not the right sort to forage, anyways.”
They had barely gone another ten minutes when a group of a dozen burst out of the forest.
“Hold on, that’s not a deer! Summer’s Champion! What’s with this group? Mind if we join you? We can’t find a deer, and hunting them with, er, lances, is hard work!”
The leader exclaimed. He clasped gauntlets with Rabbiteater. The Goblin nodded at him, wondering who was that stupid.
Talia’s eyes had narrowed when she saw the mushroom-gatherers. She stared at Greysten’s back, but the Summer’s Champion just laughed heartily.
“Join us!”
Ser Markus was exceptionally impressed. So many [Knights]? Hunting with lances?
“I had no idea so many of the Season of Summer were so festively-minded today!”
He confided to Dame Meisa and Ser Thaime. The two Spring Knights looked at him like he was a complete idiot.
 
—-
 
Rabbiteater had been too depressed to notice. However, after the fifth rabbit-hunting group happened to see their procession along the forest path and decided to join them spontaneously, even he caught wind of something.
He looked at Greysten. The Summer’s Champion looked innocent as the hundred and sixty plus Summer Knights rode in formation, talking, someone passing around a roasted bit of hare with edible mushrooms.
