8.20
Page 17
The other nobles peered at Ryoka, the light of curiosity in everyone’s eyes now. Ryoka checked to see if she could kick Sammial without anyone noticing under the table.
This is why people hated children.
 
—-
 
Ryoka got away with keeping the Faeblade secret. Or Windsword. She didn’t get away without showing the nobility, but to her relief, the alien-tech had more tricks than even she knew.
For one—it was bio-locked to her, or something. Lord Deilan, then Lord Marthos, then all the nobility tried to activate it after she showed them the glowing blade once. None of them could make it work, even doing the exact same thing she did.
Hah! Ryoka was just a bit smug about that. Crestfallen, Lord Marthos handed it back to Ryoka.
“A valuable artifact indeed, Miss Griffin. I can see its secrets are well-guarded.”
He looked so sad that Ryoka got the impression he’d been longing to chop down a few trees with it. So did Sammial.
“Make it work!”
He waved the handle at her. Ryoka shrugged, smirking slightly at Sammial.
“I’m sorry, Lord Sammial. It doesn’t work for anyone but me. Even if you command it to.”
“I hate it!”
He tossed the handle down on the ground. Instantly, Hethon punched his brother.
“Don’t do that! It’s an artifact, you idiot!”
“Don’t hit me!”
Sammy kicked Hethon in the groin. His older brother crossed his legs and toppled over in the way of young men everywhere.
“Hethon and Sammial Veltras. Behave yourselves. You are in front of guests!”
Lord Tyrion’s voice made both boys stiffen. They turned and bowed to Ryoka and the others, muttering apologies at once.
Ryoka saw Tyrion bend. He inspected the handle, noting the odd materials, then handed it to her, having removed the dirt with a handkerchief.
“My apologies, Miss Ryoka. It is a superlative blade. May I see it once more?”
“…Of course.”
At this point in time, Ryoka didn’t feel able to refuse Tyrion’s requests. Guilt or not—he had pulled an army out, and she felt she was in his debt now, past deeds or not. He inspected the blade, keeping his hands well away, as Hethon held Sammial back.
“Remarkable. It is like a Kaalblade. But the edge is so well-defined. Not like a magical charge at all.”
Lord Deilan muttered, coming to inspect it too. Lord Tyrion nodded. He glanced at Ryoka.
“Do you know what the cutting capability of the sword is, Miss Griffin? The strength of it? It appears light as a feather. A handicap, perhaps.”
“It’s sharp as can be. I uh—haven’t tested it on many hard things. I didn’t know it could cut the undead that well. The weight’s not a problem is it?”
“It could be. The handle is the only weight, and if the sword blade has no actual weight, then it becomes unbalanced when you lock blades. All the weight being in the handle means it could twist out of your grip more easily. If I had to use such a weapon, I would lock it to my gauntlets. See? The grooves, here…”
To Ryoka’s astonishment, Lord Tyrion indicated the grooves in the handle. Of course the man was a sword-loving expert. Moreover, he was right. He obviously didn’t know the Faeblade was futuristic plasma tech or hard light, but he had a point!
Come to think of it—that squad had battle armor. And none of them had bare hands. Maybe this is supposed to lock to your gauntlets!
Ryoka blinked at the handle. That would be so smart! She turned to Tyrion, deactivating the sword for safety.
“I—you could be right. I haven’t figured out all the uses myself.”
“Ah, so it is an artifact with undiscovered capabilities? And you got it from…?”
“It was a gift.”
