8.20
Page 22
“She requested Mage Montressa to check for the statues in the [Garden of Sanctuary], which exists in The Wandering Inn. There are statues on the hill which will reveal if the Horns are dead by their presence. Furthermore, she decided after that to contact other friends of an ‘Erin Solstice’, a young woman who is apparently neither living nor dead, to aid her.”
Lord Veltras turned back around, slowly. Jericha met his eyes. The Lord hesitated, then folded his arms and took a seat.
“Proceed.”
This was unlike Jericha, so Tyrion listened. Jericha went on.
“I do not know what spell tracked her during the battle, but it was almost certainly Tier 5 or higher, Lord Veltras.”
He’d almost forgotten that eye in the skies. Lord Veltras closed his eyes, frowning.
“Who is she? Does she hail from Drath?”
Jericha snapped her pocket notebook closed. She looked up at him.
“I don’t know, Lord Veltras. However, I can tell you something else interesting, if it isn’t improper?”
“…Proceed.”
Jericha’s eyes flashed.
“That Windsword she carries? It is either an artifact beyond my understanding. Or…it isn’t magic at all.”
Tyrion Veltras sat back. He looked at Jericha, and then thoughtfully turned to his own small collection of armaments he’d been polishing.
Of course, he’d realized that too. Idle curiosity sharpened in his mind. He had some questions for the savior of his children. Questions that had turned from mere gratitude to a feeling he had stumbled onto a mystery.
It was just as well that when they had dismantled the camp, for once, the Wind Runner didn’t fly off. She travelled with them.
 
—-
 
Someone had once explained that ‘drown your sorrows’ didn’t mean sticking your head underwater, but drinking.
Rabbiteater still didn’t get it. Drinking…didn’t stop you from remembering. If anything, it made it worse because now you were drunk and sad.
However, he supposed it was something to do. Maybe the goal was drinking until you passed out? But if that was the case, why not exercise until you did that? Or just hit yourself with a rock?
He might have still found it convivial and soothing—but for the company he kept.
“So, back to Ailendamus. What do you think the Order of Seasons should do?”
Greysten interrupted Rabbiteater’s train of thought. He mentioned the same nation on everyone’s lips. Irked now, Rabbiteater looked up.
Thirty minutes of listening to Greysten grouse about Calirn and the exigencies of war had soured the alcohol. Now, he was being asked for advice.
“I don’t know. Go to war?”
“But what about Calirn’s worries?”
“No clue. Are they good worries?”
The Summer’s Champion heaved a huge sigh.
“They are! But should they halt the Order of Season’s plight?”
“I don’t know. Why don’t you stop asking me. This is the twelfth time.”
The Summer’s Champion gave Rabbiteater a hurt look. The Goblin [Knight] didn’t care.
He was rarely in a bad mood. But this was not a nurturing day. Moreover, he was tired of the Summer’s Champion bothering him.
He wanted to be alone. If he couldn’t run, he was going to find a place where not even Greysten or people who wanted to talk could bother him.
The library. Books were soothing. Rabbiteater liked to sleep with them around. Moreover, the Knights of Autumn were a law unto their own. Someone as noisy as Greysten was exiled from their season’s halls.
He was trying to make his escape, but Greysten was insistent.
“I am coming to you for advice, Rab—Solstice! Surely you have some input. I could use it, if only to rebuke Calirn!”
The Goblin shook his head, exasperated.
“I am not a season-knight. Go ask one of them.”
