8.21 L
Page 1
She admired the woman. Magnolia had taken control of her house. She had rallied the North during both Antinium Wars, fought off the Goblin King, and even intervened in issues like Liscor’s siege. She generously funded projects that had potential to improve lives; had even negotiated Admiral Seagrass’ trade routes that let commodities flow from Baleros to Izril at fair prices in the north, especially sugar.
Magnolia was better on paper than she was in real life, and identifying exactly why was hard. When she displayed her love of sweets, talked trade knowingly, or enjoyed herself, she was downright Drakeish. Other times…it was a certain coldness of her attitude. A suggestion that if something were to be done, she would have it done and damn all who stood in her way.
Danger, perhaps. Then again, it was also reassuring. If Magnolia Reinhart were as likeable as she wanted to be, she would have few weaknesses.
…It still didn’t change the fact that the Oteslian ball was going to be awkward. Navine sighed.
 
 
—-
 
The practice of superior Drakes in any hierarchy never being preceded by a subordinate wasn’t a strict law, but it was a difference between Human sensibilities, many of whom were happy to have a servant in front of them, scurrying ahead to open a door, announce them, and so on.
It was just a cultural difference; albeit one that had led to said important Drakes being assassinated in a statistically higher rate of deaths than their Human counterparts. Each species did things different. They copied each other, but the differences in established customs became far more notable.
For instance—Oteslia had ballrooms. Izril, Terandria, Baleros, Chandrar—everywhere had ballrooms, or other similar, large, flat spaces where people gathered…although Baleros sometimes had different elevations because Lizardpeople liked the contrast and they were weird like that.
The elevated ballrooms of Baleros aside, what made Drakes and Oteslia in particular unique was that because the Walled City had finite space, each noble family did not have their own ballroom. Rather, Oteslia had public ballrooms, which they rented for any number of events.
Second? Oteslia did its socializing back-to-front as Humans reckoned such things. Or even Pallass.
Mivifa Selifscale sighed as she adjusted her ceremonial armor—which was predictably hot. It beat the dresses, but she hated the social-dance every good adventurer knew how to do. She’d rather be flying on her days off work or work. But no, the First Gardener was attending and she wanted this to be a success, so Mivifa would meet Magnolia Reinhart, they’d all smile…
It was going to be a disaster. But an Oteslian disaster.
Socializing. Mivifa knew Pallass’ society and how they did things. She knew the north too, and the social hierarchies of Walled Cities to petty little Adventurer’s Guilds.
There were always the important, the non-important, the people who didn’t care, and the ones who did, far too much. The social climbers, the ones with actual power, which was often confused with the people who had social power…that was basic across every species and nation.
What was interesting was how Oteslia decided to go about social gatherings. Rather than have the self-important try to invite themselves, jockey for invitations and kiss the tails of the powerful, Oteslian socialites went about it the other way.
If they thought you might be important, you got an invitation. If there was even a hint you might be on the up and up, they sent you a gold-filigree card begging you to attend.
