8.21 L
Page 19
She had not told the First Gardener. However, she thought she knew where Cire was. It was Mivifa’s instinct to look for his haunts, lock down the walls and gates, the First Gardener’s to check Cire’s rooms.
As if he were a normal boy. Rafaema shook her head. She knew where he was. They’d think of it. She got there first.
 
—-
 
The door of the protected, sealed room was ajar. Someone was crying inside. The girl found the boy inside. He was kneeling on the ground. He tried to hide his face and wipe his tears when she saw him.
“Cire.”
They were both young. A hundred years, and they were young. Young—and terribly old. If they had been allowed to live beyond their walls, they would have seemed far older.
Somehow, Oteslia had preserved the innocence of their Dragon. The girl was changing. Growing older. Manus wanted a leader, so it had never been the same.
The First Gardeners had seen the value of childhood, of happiness, however forced. Joy until he was older. They had protected it—too much.
Better than her, though. The girl heard the boy’s voice.
“Go away. Go away, Rafaema.”
“Don’t be an idiot, Cirediel. I knew you’d be here.”
She stepped into the little room, past wards of magic long since spent. It was a strange place. It had been hidden for countless ages.
Here—in the very roots of Oteslia’s great tree. Buried among the growing wood. Unearthed by chance. It had held only one thing, that the First Gardeners had found here.
An egg. The legacy of Dragons. No one remembered who could have put him here. His parents were lost to time.
He had been carried from this place before he hatched. He had grown up in different rooms, far above, changing nurseries, rooms.
He would remember this spot, even so. Just like she did.
“Cire.”
“Get lost! I—I’m not crying. Tell Mivifa I don’t want to talk to her! I don’t want to talk to anyone! They’re all liars! They lie to my face and laugh at me.”
The young woman hesitated. Then she stepped further into the room. The boy was curled up, hiding under his wings. A ball of misery.
A Dragon. He’d taken off his ring. The other protections.
Were it anyone else, Rafaema would not know what to say, other than the way a [Commander] inspired soldiers. Rough discipline. Knock some sense into him.
Cire, though…she stood there for a second. Then she plucked her ring from her finger, murmured two phrases. Her body changed.
A long neck rose. Her true scales were deep blue. Not like sapphire; not purely one color. They looked like the color of sky before dark storm clouds overtook them. Her eyes shone with two colors; topaz and amethyst. Gemstones.
His scales were brown and green. Like the very tree itself. A wondrous brown, though. Not like soil or mere wood. His eyes were a clementine orange mixed with rosewood pink.
They were the last of their kind, as far as either knew. Two children, raised by well-meaning, overprotective guardians with grand dreams for them.
The last hope of their kind. Leaders of their descendants to a glorious new age.
It was a heavy burden. They were so young. No one could tell them what they were.
The Earth Dragon snuffled as the Lightning Dragon stepped into the small place where he had been found. Abandoned? She spoke, looking down at him; she was larger than he, and both were still growing.
“You didn’t know Mivifa was a Named Adventurer?”
“I knew. I just never saw her. Not like that. She lied to me. She told me just the other day she wasn’t…I knew.”
Cire’s voice was sulky. Rafaema hesitated, and then nodded. He probably did, deep down. He hid his face in a wing.
