8.21 L
Page 17
Cirediel Anvi’dualln Olicuemerdn, the Earth Dragon of Oteslia, never attended formal balls. He wouldn’t have thought of this one, but two things had changed his mind.
He had heard Lyonette was here. And Rafaema.
He’d dressed like Flash and like the street, neglecting a suit or formal clothing. Ready to stick it to…whomever he was going to stick it to.
Now, he saw the Wall Lord and [Princess] dancing across the ballroom. As vividly as the first time he had ever seen it, as a little baby in the First Gardener’s arms.
Cirediel saw Lyonette smiling and felt jealous. He had no idea who that purple mushroom was, but he was jealous. He wanted to be dancing with Lyon! Even if he had never mastered a tenth of the steps.
He spotted Rafaema in the crowd, watching the event with all her usual intensity. The Lightning Dragon didn’t spot Cire at first. She was locked on Lyonette.
The young man began to push his way through the crowd, intent on greeting Rafaema as if it were a race, or demanding the next dance from Lyon. Did his mother know her? Maybe that was his in!
The whirling dance continued for only three minutes. Then—unable to continue steps she didn’t know, panting, Lyonette slowed. Her dress finally touched the floor and Ilvriss turned from where they had stopped, like two figures set diagonally apart, backs turned—to look at her.
The art ended. The applause began. Lyonette smiled and swept a curtsy at the [Lady] applauding with eyebrows raised. Magnolia Reinhart laughed ruefully.
Ilvriss met his uncle and sister’s gazes and shrugged. He bowed to Lyonette.
Cire strode towards Lyon, determined now. He passed Drakes murmuring.
“Astonishing! So that’s what it looks like!”
“You’re not supposed to trip people up with it? Well, I’m never doing that. I’ll wear a suit next time.”
“Totally Archmage. I mean—amazing. Ancestors damn it—”
Cire stopped. He turned, at the familiar voice. His eyes searched the crowd. The Drake’s head was turned and she looked…far, far older. Her scales weren’t even the same pigment. She looked taller and wore ornamental armor. Nevertheless, he knew that voice. Who else would say…?
“Mivi?”
Mivifa the Oldblood of Feathers turned back as Lyonette walked back to the crowd, now a part of Oteslian society. Lost amidst them—the Earthspeaker saw Cire and blanched. The First Gardener whirled as Cire stared at the Named Adventurer.
“I—um—this—why are you here, Cire?”
He stared at her, stunned. Mivi—no, Mivifa, who had claimed there was no way she could be the same as the naked Drake, Saliss of Light had—
His eyes saw the wrinkles in her scales, the way she had grown older. Her expression, even the way she stood. The deeper tone in her voice. Dead scales, discolored patterns, every mortal sign of aging.
He stood there as Rafaema turned. The young Dragon backed away as Lyonette saw him and grimaced; Cire stood out even among the colorful Drakes. Bewildered, the [Princess] saw the stricken look on his face. Too real to be…
“Cire. I—”
Mivifa stepped forwards. Cirediel turned and ran. He shoved past Drake waiters, ran past the Gnolls. Ran like the undead of the Village of Death themselves were chasing him.
Thus, the most memorable, successful, and of course, scandalous ball in Oteslia…kept right on going.
 
—-
 
Magnolia Reinhart and the [Princess] of Calanfer stood in the center of the ballroom, speaking, drawing attention by virtue of their respective talents.
The [Princess] was better at attracting it unwillingly; she had an excellent teacher. The [Lady] of House Reinhart was better at other things.
