8.21 L
Page 12
“A Terandrian interest from a Drake? That’s a move worthy of a Wall Lord of his ambitions. Who knows? I’ll ask questions. But that young woman’s got more than just the eyes of the Drakes on her. Keep your eyes open.”
Makhir’s warning was one of the reasons why Rafaema trusted him and [Spearmaster] Lulv so much. She glanced over and saw Lyonette step back and immediately turn to a Gnoll as Ilvriss was practically dragged off by his sister. She drew closer, trying to listen.
 
—-
 
“Excuse me. You are, er, Lion Solstice? I hope I am not disturbing you.”
The Gnoll gave her a dubious look, having perhaps heard Ilvriss slip up. Lyonette smiled.
“That’s right. And not at all! You are?”
“Ah. Excuse me.”
The Gnoll bowed slightly. He beckoned towards another Gnoll drifting their way.
“I am Gorauun of the Weatherfur Tribe. I was told you were the one who gave Faerie Flowers to a friend of my tribe. Also—did I hear you say that you learned to use your sword from a Gnoll…[Knight]?”
He gave Lyonette an interested look. She nodded, then spotted a familiar face coming her way.
“I also believe you know Feshi of my tribe—”
“I do! Hello again! How is um, Yerranola doing? Lord Kallinad? I didn’t see him here.”
Feshi was smiling at Lyonette, blinking with just as much surprise. She watched Ilvriss walking away. Then turned to Lyonette, who had managed to add more to her speculative value.
“They are both doing well, thank you, Lyon. They are still at the Meeting of Tribes.”
“I see. If Yerranola needs more flowers, I can arrange that.”
Gorauun coughed. He was an [Interspecies Negotiator], but was clearly out of the loop. Feshi murmured.
“Miss Lyon controls the Faerie Flower trade in the city.”
“The…entire trade? For the alchemical artifacts?”
The Gnoll looked surprised. Lyonette blushed. She was sobering, but the alcohol was still in her veins, making her a bit incautious.
Incautious and unable to think ahead, or she would have seen what was coming next.
“It’s a long story—”
“Excuse me! Are you the person to speak to for these flowers? My tribe came here to gather some for our [Shamans], but all our sellers told us they were suddenly out of stock and no more could be had!”
Eight Gnolls strode over at once. Unlike the Drakes, they had no problem butting into a conversation. Now Lyonette found herself talking to Gnolls who were as interested in her for the flowers as the Drakes had been for tales of adventurers—
And the Drakes still wanted to talk to her! She gulped from her cup, but made a mistake; she still had wine in there.
“Er—that’s right!”
“What about this Gnoll? I have never heard of our people becoming [Knights] in any number. Was he born on Terandria or…?”
Gorauun still wanted to know. Lyonette’s face fell. The Gnolls, including Feshi, saw her sniff into her goblet. Suddenly misty-eyed.
“I—I don’t know if I can say. That is—if it’s appropriate to say here.”
She looked around the crowded ballroom, hardly the moment for an intimate, emotional moment. But Lyonette felt pretty darn emotional and intimate right now. The Horns—she looked at the Gnolls.
They might never know, if they parted ways.
“His name was Brunkr. He was a Gnoll [Warrior]—but he became a [Knight] right before—I’m sure he became a [Knight]. He was from the Silverfang tribe, in Liscor. Do you know them?”
Every Gnoll but one nodded, and then the last one did just out of peer pressure. Lyonette went on.
“I’m afraid…he was killed by a Named Adventurer. In disguise. Another Gnoll—Regrika Blackpaw.”
