8.21 L
Page 5
She’d gotten the invitation and had no intention of participating…until this morning. However, Lyonette knew balls. She was a [Princess].
Balls had alcohol. It was considered bad form to drink the host dry—but Lyonette wasn’t a [Princess] here. She was a visitor.
And she didn’t care. She was done! Done with heartbreak! Done with grief!
The Horns of Hammerad. Lyonette wanted them to be alive. How many times, though? How many times did she have to stare at her beating heart being smashed by a boot?
Done, and done. And also done. Lyonette was hungry. Mainly because she’d lost her breakfast. She reached out, stared at whatever it was on the table, and grabbed one.
“Is this the rumored sushi that Erin—Erin—?”
She drank to kill the frog in her throat. The voice interrupted her.
“It’s from Baleros. Rice and fish. Or vegetables. I think it might be Drathian?”
“It’s good.”
The [Princess] bit it, with no care for delicacy or tact. Any other day she would have scolded Mrsha for doing the same.
Well, today she was all disgrace. She could see the Drake [Socialites] watching her. She didn’t care.
“Lyonette, you’ve had too much to drink.”
A clawed hand went to pull the drink away. Lyonette slapped it down.
“Touch my cup, peon, and you will regret it.”
She pointed at Mivifa. The Oldblood Drake blew out her cheeks, thrashed her tail, and looked around.
“I don’t have time for this—Lyonette, if you die of alcohol poisoning—”
“I have poison resistance, thank you very much. My family has a glorious—inebriated history of being drunkards! You can’t kill us with drink!”
The [Princess] went back for another sushi-thing. It was very good and she was hungry. She heard amused voices.
“So this is the Human who controls the flowers? You know her, Adventurer Mivifa?”
“This is Lyon—a friend of mine. Of Saliss of Lights. She’s a bit—er—”
“I. Am. Mourning. Which I shall do in public, without shame or hesitation! Every ball has a drunkard. I’m doing my part! And if you would like a Faerie Flower—ask me later. Or ask Saliss of Lights!”
The young woman with hair like tiger’s orange cut by ember and carmine waved her mostly-empty cup at a Drake who backed up. Some of the other watchers sniggered, but Lyonette felt liberated.
Was this how Erin felt all the time? Free? All the social conventions she was dashing—no, this was more like Ryoka. Or Mrsha, running around buck naked.
Maybe she should try that. How much lower could she sink?
“The Horns are alive. They must be. They can’t just—just leave Mrsha! Mrsha! Alone, dealing with the damned Thronebearers! Why won’t they leave me be? Why can’t people just stop dying?”
Lyonette went for another goblet. There were currently four Humans in the entire banquet. One was her, being mocked by all present in her quest to drown her sorrows.
The second was a [Merchant], mainly here to hobnob, ingratiate himself, and sell whatever wares he could. The last was Magnolia Reinhart, unsuccessfully trying to charm the Drakes without her Skill.
What might have happened otherwise? What boring tedium might have taken place over hours? Nobody would know, for Lyonette heard someone speaking.
“…raid on the Village of the Dead. Just appalling, how Humans let that sit and fester. It was something, though. And you heard about the Helm of Fire? A win for adventurers, even if half of them died.”
The other Drake nodded, adjusting his copy-monocle.
