8.21 L
Page 23
Then Ilvriss was charging for Lyonette with a healing potion—a second before Ressa thrust him away, with a general antidote in her hands. Finally, someone inhaled to scream, the guards rushed forwards, Mivifa and a dozen [Pegasus Riders] burst into the ballroom…
Lyonette’s face regained color as the failed assassination attempt ended. Halted by a Wall Lady of Manus, made on a Human—which one didn’t matter—in Oteslia. By a Drake of Zeres, in seeming, at least.
Rafaema, kneeling, shaken, sword still bloody, looked at the Human whose life she’d saved. Makhir was looking for more targets, the First Gardener and Magnolia speaking, guards surrounding them, and someone hurling accusations at the Zeresians who were bellowing back.
Amidst it all, as Lyonette looked at her savior and their eyes met, Rafaema felt it too. For her, an electric crawl running down her body. A full-fledged reaction, like Cirediel had described. Only, not mere attraction. This was more than instinctual like or dislike, acquaintanceship, friendliness, distrust, lust—all of which Rafaema could process as they came to her, person to person.
This was different. Cirediel had thought it was liking her? Idiot. That silly little—
Rafaema sniffed, but it wasn’t smell. More like…a faint connection. Pheromones, or something only for them. It didn’t come from Lyonette, but she had been close. Her eyes went wide.
She sensed another Dragon on the [Princess].
All things considered, it was some party.
 
[Worldly Princess Level 25!]
[Skill – Greater Resistance: Poison obtained!]
 
—-
 
Ceria Springwalker woke up. Panting, head covered by a wet bit of cloth. Someone had managed to give her water, and she was not dead. She sat up in the mud-brick home, sheltered from the desert heat in the lee of wherever she was. She babbled—raised a hand to her head—head fell back.
She still managed to send it off.
 
Ceria to Montressa: Alive. Find Pisces. Ksmvr. Yvlon. Can’t tell where. Teleported. Lost. Chandrar.
 
Then she passed out again. Her friends realized as Montressa ran out of her rooms screaming—they were looking in the wrong continent. 
Too slow. Too late.
The Horns of Hammerad landed, each in a different nation.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: It’s a short chapter! If you were expecting more, well, there was more, and I would have written it and revised it, but I ran out of time.
Namely, getting my 2nd shot in the middle of my writing schedule. Shots are important…but it might be unpleasant so I’m working around it.
I won’t be updating on Saturday to give myself a break to deal with it (last one was not fun), but I’ll be back on Tuesday! And if I’m conscious enough—the Patreon poll should come up with this chapter! I had another 1/3, but it needed more polish so I haven’t included it here; it also isn’t a thematic fit in some ways…
Well, that’s all from me. This is the legendary ‘short’ chapter; hope you enjoyed! See you when I get back…soon! But stay healthy. Very important. I still haven’t gotten majorly sick or broken bones while writing this entire web serial, which is actually sort of nice given how long it’s been—let’s aim to keep that record going!
 
Zel Shivertail by ArtsyNada, commissioned by Flower Knight Yarrick and Discord readers!


Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/illudanajohns/
Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/illudanajohns
Commission info: https://i.imgur.com/OmNDuK8.jpg



 

