8.21 L
Page 15
Navine was choking on the air. Had she just seen that? The quarrel—her taking off the ring and him stopping her?
And the smile? She wanted to sit down—no, get a drink—no, do both. This had gone far, far beyond a joke. This was too real.
She had to tell her mother. Everyone had seen it too! Now the two were laughing about something.
“Can you imagine what Erin would do if she were here? She’d probably already have set loose a plague of rats in the ballroom.”
Navine didn’t have an eavesdropping Skill or a magical ring for the same effect, so she completely misinterpreted the comment that made Ilvriss throw his head back and guffaw.
However—that wasn’t even the end of it. As the music began to play, the Human and Drake glanced around.
 
—-
 
“Very well, best of luck to you. Oh—I may want to speak to Adventurers Saliss and Mivifa if I can. The business of Salazsar, though. Hopefully we can help each other.”
“Of course. Now—are we going to dance?”
Lyonette had been studying the other dancers on the ballroom. It was as dreadful as she feared. Some knew how to dance and she saw the whirling motions twirling the cloth into the air in an actually very lovely pattern—but also three couples tangle and one go down to a sprawling, cursing heap.
Ilvriss winced as he glanced sideways.
“Say rather I thought better of it. I will apologize—”
He made to bow, and Lyonette caught him.
“Are you mad? That is so—embarrassing! Is the implication that you can’t dance? That you’re that rude you’d offer to dance and refuse? That I can’t dance?”
The Wall Lord caught himself, but hissed back in irritation, his topaz eyes narrowing.
“I appreciate your attempt to save us face, Miss Marquin, but Oteslian traditional dances—not to mention their attire—is not for amateurs! I can handle myself because I took a month of lessons on top of my regular ones! You’ve never even seen them dance!”
“Then show me! I’m a [Pr—a fast learner!”
Lyonette held her arms out. Ilvriss looked around, saw Nerul waving excitedly, and made an annoyed sound. He adjusted her grip to the customary Drake positions, and spoke, rapidly.
“Step back. No—further back. We separate and meet—we can do one practice run and then stop. This is not a waltz. You see—”
Drake dances were fundamentally different. If the Terandrian style focused on the dance as a back-and-forth between both male and female, both partners intersecting as a couple—Lyonette realized the Drake viewpoint was different.
The style of dancing was as old as their Ancestors. Which meant it was copied from Dragons. And Dragons were giant creatures. Hence the cloth, modeled after their trailing wings and tails. It also meant each dancer gave the other a lot of space.
But the most characteristic difference between Human and Drake styles? Drake dances were selfish. There were entire moves in it that only cared for a single dancer, that you could perform alone. To dance, then, was to perform to your watchers.
It was beautiful. Showy. Lyonette could have studied it eagerly for days, learning all the steps! However, she only had time for one dance, and she was listening to Ilvriss as much as watching the few good examples.
“There. Now you know how complicated it is—”
The musicians were upping the tempo, and the few couples who’d dared to try their luck were evacuating the floor fast, realizing that this was not the song for bravado. Lyonette caught herself.
“I think I have it.”
“What? Are you as insane as Erin?”
