8.21 L
Page 8
“Jelaqua Ivirith, of course! Do you take me for a liar, Miss?”
“No, I only—”
“You ‘only’ asserted otherwise. Very well. Seborn is the [Rogue], the Drowned Man, Moore is their half-Giant [Green Mage], Ulinde is their [Spellslinger], and they used to have twice as many members, including a Goblin. Jelaqua is seeing Maughin of Pallass, Seborn used to be a [Pirate], and Ulinde hiccups for five minutes straight if you serve her limes. Is that detailed enough for you?”
The listeners’ jaws dropped. Lyonette looked around; she needed to sit down. She found a chair, sank into it rather gracefully, and looked around.
“If we are on the topic—yes, I know them. They are dear friends of mine, all of them. Do you have any more questions?”
Rather to her surprise—
They did.
 
—-
 
It was not going well. Or rather, it was going perfectly acceptable and like last time, which was not well.
Magnolia Reinhart sighed inwardly. The Drakes were too standoffish! She was ready to offer any number of contentious takes, gossip about the Horns of Hammerad and the Village of the Dead, but everyone from Navine to the other dignitaries was too cautious. They stuck to socially acceptable topics.
“That’s it. I’m going to engage them in conversation and throw caution to the wind, Ressa.”
“Be careful. This isn’t the North and you can’t get away with a mistake.”
Ressa murmured back on the pretense of refilling Magnolia’s plate. The lady hid a scowl.
“Don’t tell me you think I should act like Zanthia?”
She named the most formal, uptight [Lady] of the north, Zanthia, who taught countless [Ladies] manners and etiquette with an iron hand. And tongue. Magnolia rolled her eyes as she recited a lesson from rote.
“‘If a man and woman stand together for over five seconds, they have already suggested intimacy, correctly or incorrectly.’ Phaw.”
“Do you really want to gamble everything you’ve worked for on being right?”
Magnolia glowered at Ressa, but the [Maid] was right. Decades had gone into this moment and the truth was that Magnolia knew she was making a mistake by playing her cards too close to her chest. Boldness would work, but being in this precarious scenario meant that was the least likely thing you wanted to do.
How could you break through the mental barrier? Well—the answer seemed to be with lots of alcohol.
An interesting shift had moved part of the ballroom’s occupants. Like a spiral, they began to gather around something. Magnolia had seen it happen for a pair of Drakes who’d gone for daggers before being separated, a sprawling Drake who’d tripped fantastically and tossed her plate over eighteen people—
This time, the interest was more than in the accident. Magnolia stood on her tip-toes to see, cursing her lack of height. She turned to the taller Ressa.
“Ressa, what are they interested in over there? Has someone had a bad reaction to the food or something?”
The [Maid] peered over the heads. Then her eyes widened.
“Magnolia. You know the young woman you had on your list of things to do after ingratiating yourself to the Drakes here?”
“Which young w—her?”
“You may wish to move her up your list of priorities.”
Magnolia blinked. Then began to walk forwards.
 
—-
 
It was called charisma. But what that looked like took many forms. It wasn’t just being likeable; that was one obvious example. However, it was also the ability to simply draw attention. To command attention.
Erin was a natural in some ways. Hers was often gentle—until she smacked you in the face with it. It was being likeable, finding the best in people, caring for those who no one cared about.
