8.21 L
Page 7
There was an art to insulting people. Mrsha had learned some of it from Lyonette, but the student, for all her natural talent, had not grown up in a Terandrian court. Drunk off her feet, Lyonette could still spit Terandrian-style insults.
She’d missed doing that. Nice Lyonette, the Lyonette who made amends for her thieving, [Princess]-snob ways, always tried to be nice. Even to people who didn’t deserve it.
The young woman sheathed her sword, thankful she didn’t stab herself, as the Drake stumbled back.
“You—you savage! How dare you come into this place and insult Drake hospitality!”
He would have gone on, but Lyonette cut him to pieces. Not with a sword, but with the blade she was most qualified to wield: her tongue.
“Oh, Drake hospitality? Did you organize this ball, sir? Are you under the employ of the First Gardener? If not, I feel you are taking credit for her work, which is the quality of the meanest sloven and coward!”
He opened his mouth, but Lyonette was ready to stab him again—verbally. The Drake was saved from himself by his partner finally registering something Lyonette had said.
“I say—did you mention you knew the Horns of Hammerad, Miss? As in, you actually took sword-lessons from that actual Human—the one with the silver arms?”
Lyonette blinked.
“Yvlon? Of course I did.”
“Really? Then her arms are made of silver? I saw her punch a wraith in two! But I thought her skin was painted or some such—some kind of war paint ritual?”
The [Princess] gave the Drake such a dubious look the other woman blushed.
“Painted? No, they’re silver. Metallic. They weigh twice as much as a regular arm. Three times, maybe. Yvlon’s strong enough to lift a beer barrel by herself—well, her arms. Her legs are weaker. She got them after a Creler tore the last ones off.”
The other Drakes had drawn back after the sword had come out, as one did from a crazy person. Some of Oteslia’s guards had begun hurrying over to escort her out, piercing diatribe or not. However, now, a keen ripple of interest ran around the others.
“Crelers? Wait, I heard about that. Aren’t the Horns one of the adventurer teams dubbed with slaying an Adult Creler? What do they call that again?”
“Hell’s Wardens.”
Someone else spoke up, loudly. A female voice, for a female Drake. Rafaema had spotted the strange Human. She had no idea who she was; there was no way she was the same person as Ferris’ target.
Right?
Lyonette looked around for another cup, but she did not like being this drunk, and had really been turning more to stuffing herself when she’d seen the food table.
She missed Mrsha. She missed Pawn. She missed the inn, and her friends and Erin and…because she missed it all, Lyonette was only too happy to nod.
“Hell’s Wardens. That’s exactly right. They killed an Adult Creler. In the Bloodfields. I saw it afterwards—and I’ve known Griffon Hunt.”
“Really? You mean that [Archer] who slew the Skeleton Lord with that wall-trick?”
A Drake came over, remembering Halrac’s moment from the scrying orb. Lyonette corrected him.
“[Marksman]. He’s a marksman. Halrac is his name.”
The other Drakes murmured. More and more interesting. Of course they’d all seen the scrying orb, or missed it and been gossiping about the event all day. It was more interesting than most things, even the Meeting of Tribes. And here was a young woman who claimed to know half the big names there.
“You said you knew the Halfseekers too. That’s a Gold-rank team that used to work in Drake lands. Who’s their leader?”
Another tested the waters. Lyonette snapped a reply.
