8.21 L
Page 14
“If you’re here to sabotage me and mother, you can go right back to father and—”
“Excuse me, Navine. I have to talk to Lyonette. You might consider doing the same rather than ignoring Magnolia Reinhart.”
He let Nerul block Navine as she choked. The Wall Lord saw Lyonette talking to Drakes and Gnolls, all of whom wanted a piece of her. However, a Wall Lord had his tricks. He had the lay of the ball, and even if this was Oteslia, there were always moves you could do to get a private word.
“Excuse me, Miss Lyon. I see the floor is clearing. Would you care for a dance?”
Lyonette turned. A monocle popped off a Drake’s cheek, the tension holding it there lost. Gormauun checked his goblet as Feshi choked into her cup. The other Gnolls and Drakes turned to look at Ilvriss.
Lyonette just gave the Drake a look that said she knew what he was doing—and perhaps what he hadn’t thought of—and then nodded.
“Why not? Thank you, Wall Lord.”
There wasn’t actually much presence on the dance floor, but the musicians playing slow music saw the movement across the room as the Human and Wall Lord moved and half the people there followed them. They began to strike up a beat.
Ilvriss cursed as he heard the actual music to dance to. He pretended to slow, talking to Lyonette urgently.
“What are you doing here? I thought you were in Liscor with Erin—”
“I was! I’m looking for the cure, remember?”
Ah, yes. Of course. He eyed her.
“Haven’t you found it?”
“I’m getting it researched. What are you doing here?”
He sighed.
“I’m…on business. I can’t explain now.”
Could he trust her? Lyonette was giving him the same look. Ilvriss thought rapidly.
“We can discuss that later; I will extend an invitation or call on you.”
She nodded tightly, watching the pairs moving across the ballroom. Lyonette eyed the extra-long dress on her. It was thin fabric. Not sheer; modesty necessitated the opaqueness, but one gust of wind might turn half the dresses into one of Ryoka’s parachutes. Long, flowing—the worst thing for dancing. Ilvriss had a long ‘suit’, but it would be just as cumbersome to dance with.
Worse, this wasn’t a Terandrian ballroom and she had no desire to prove she knew a royal waltz to the Drakes and Gnolls. Lyonette studied the others as she spoke.
“Fine. Can we help each other or do you just want to dance?”
“Hardly that. Have you seen Oteslian dances? I will spare you that. Just one question among many—do you know if the Horns are alive?”
They tilted. Lyonette pretended to study his feet.
“No. But their statues aren’t in the garden.”
Ilvriss smiled, despite himself.
“Good. My second question is this: why do you have Erin’s ring on your finger?”
Lyonette blinked, and then noticed the piece of jewelry.
“Erin once hinted it was something useful. I…took it to not forget. Also, Mrsha would probably walk around with it on or lose it somewhere.”
“Well, that’s something. It’s significant. Especially in Drake culture. I fear my sister saw it.”
The young woman’s eyes widened in worry. Lyonette began to tug at the ring, forgetting that everyone was watching them. Ilvriss stopped her, putting his claw over her hand.
“Don’t. If you have it—perhaps it will help you more than Erin.”
“It…didn’t save her.”
Lyonette murmured, ducking her head. Ilvriss closed his eyes.
“It wouldn’t have. Not in an ambush. Just know that if you need help—it may save you. If you are ever, truly, in danger, show it to a member of Salazsar and use my name.”
The [Princess] hesitated, on the verge of taking it off anyways. Then she nodded and smiled up at him.
“Thank you.”
 
—-
 
