8.21 L
Page 3
Similarly sensible were the Gnolls who were attending this event. They stood to one side, nearly four dozen of them—a minority still in the mostly-Drake ballroom, which had dignitaries from every Walled City—noticeable for their Plains Gnoll dress.
Not revealing or even that behind Drake formality. However, certainly Gnollish. Mivifa counted some Weatherfurs predominantly, a few other big tribes, a tall Gnoll even by his kin’s standards who had to be Ekhtouch…and of course, Plain’s Eye.
They kept their distance from the Drakes as the banquet began. Some of the Oteslian locals drifted over, as Oteslia did have the largest Gnoll population of all the Walled Cities, and Mivifa herself made a note to talk with the only Gnoll she wanted to speak to—Feshi, the uncomfortable [Strategist] who’d been on the news.
That was better than could be said for Magnolia. She greeted Mivifa as the Named Adventurer came over with the First Gardener.
“Mivifa the Oldblood of Feathers! So delighted. I have heard much of your exploits and been simply dying to meet you.”
“The honor is mine, Lady Reinhart. I hope you are enjoying Oteslia?”
“It is a lovely city. Truly, a fit for [Druids]. I’ve only ever seen trees even a tenth as big in the Forest of Vail! No wonder my gardener—Nalthaliarstrelous—decided to visit. Have you met him?”
The First Gardener had a pained look on her face at the [Druid]’s name. However, Mivifa smiled at the compliment. Oteslians loved their city’s greenery. It was all convivial until a Drake from Fissival coughed.
“Ah yes, the Forest of Vail. How is it doing under Human care? I rather heard all the [Druids] left after the Treant Wars.”
And that was the Creler egg in the soup. Mivifa saw the First Gardener glowering, as well as the Salazsar Wall Lady, but Magnolia just smiled and replied.
“That is Veltras land, but I take your point, Lord Archiset. Perhaps you could one day visit and see for yourself, though.”
“Perhaps.”
The haughty Drake raised an eyebrow and adjusted his monocle, which Sir Relz of Pallass had brought back as a trend. Another stab-worthy offense in Mivifa’s books.
It was a good reply, and tactful. Diplomatic, even. But Navine’s observation had been dead-on. Magnolia acquitted herself as well as one could in a fairly hostile environment. The Drake watched, murmuring, but while she never lacked for conversation, she was an island even less-populated than the Gnollish diplomats.
The Drakes stood back and judged. Mivifa could see the future. The ball was going to be politely standoffish. Some Drakes might dance, someone might insult someone else and start a fight; at worst someone would bring up the wars or insult the Gnolls, but Magnolia wouldn’t win the hearts and minds of everyone present unless she…Mivifa couldn’t imagine it.
So then, this was the scene. Mivifa drifted away as soon as she could politely manage it. She glanced around, grateful the other visitor who might have been worthy of this moment hadn’t invited himself.
Saliss of Lights didn’t do formal parties. Nor would the guards have let him in, naked as he would undoubtedly be. If he wanted to cause trouble, though? She could just see him tossing a ‘make everyone’s clothes transparent’ potion towards the ceiling, or lacing the drinks with a truth serum or something.
I’d pirate with that, though. What am I saying? It would be a disaster. But a totally Archmage one.
