8.21 L
Page 0

(I am taking a 1-update break, and will be back on May 11th (15th for Public) due to me receiving my vaccine shot…again…which may be miserable. I will update Patrons if a further delay is needed. Thanks for understanding!)
 
It said a lot about the person that even with all her wealth and gifts, Magnolia Reinhart still couldn’t buy the affection of Drakes.
Surely, if there was any species you could buy love from, it was them. Drakes loved gifts. The more expensive and flashy, the better. Magnolia Reinhart had literally thrown money upon her arrival at the Drake people in Zeres and her very presence was a polarizing, contentious topic that had Oteslia glaring at the other Walled Cities.
Then again, history was a huge problem between Magnolia and any sort of warm reception. She was a Reinhart. Her people had ‘stolen’ the north from the ‘Drakes’—a claim which the Humans and Gnolls disputed hotly. The long war between species had cost both sides immeasurably over their existences, however, so the fact that level-headed members of both species were willing to reach out and talk was a good first step.
…It was just a damned shame that Navine Gemscale didn’t like Magnolia Reinhart. Also, that the woman had charm, but not charisma.
Literally. Magnolia had reason to venture the same comment as she sat in the pink carriage before one of Oteslia’s ballrooms, reserved for another social gathering…of suffering.
“Ressa, do you think that I’m unlikeable? Is that the problem?”
The [Maid] twisted in her seat, from where she was eying the steps leading up for traps, ambushes, or just obnoxious people she’d have to deal with.
“You’re asking if you’re unlikeable.”
“Yes, Ressa. Why? Do you think that’s the case?”
The [Maid] pursed her lips.
“…You have a Skill that literally charms people for you. What do you think?”
Magnolia Reinhart hesitated as she adjusted another rudely pink, stylized hat, this one from an era called ‘Victorian’. Rather magnificent—more Terandrian than Izrilian, so she felt it helped. She wasn’t going to copy Drake styles and offend them further. Also—they didn’t tend to wear much in pink.
“I rather felt as though the Skill were the icing on the pastry, as it were. A delicious concept made even more delicious.”
Ressa rolled her eyes.
“Consider it the one teaspoon of sugar in a vat of lemons and limes.”
“Ressa. I’m not that uncharming. I have tact! Elegance!”
“Ye-es. That’s just not the same as being likeable.”
The two argued for a minute, before Magnolia sighed and Ressa opened the carriage door. They met Navine coming up the steps.
“Navine! So good of you to meet us. Is your mother not attending…?”
“Helessia doesn’t care for this kind of social event, Lady Reinhart.”
Navine nodded carefully at her. Magnolia smiled, a bit too warmly. The two regarded each other, and Ressa bowed.
“Ladies Reinhart, Gemscale.”
The silence broken, they exchanged another polite smile and followed Ressa up the stairs. Obviously—it should have been the other way since they were following a servant, but Humans had different customs than Drakes.
Navine glanced at Magnolia, and wondered if the Human was trying to find a suitable entrance spot for fine, agreeable conversation. There was the rub, though. This was the third such social gathering they’d attended, and they were growing in scope as more interested parties came to meet the Human who wanted to try for peace, or at least, an end to conflict.
She had the vision. She had the power. Navine just didn’t like Magnolia Reinhart.
