8.21 L
Page 11
“We both knew the Horns of Hammerad. And yes, the Halfseekers, the Flamewardens of Pallass, Griffon Hunt—fine adventurers all. I myself do not believe the Horns of Hammerad are dead until I see the very proof of it with my eyes. Hell’s Wardens do not die easily. Nor do [Mages] that Magus Grimalkin of Pallass himself has acknowledged!”
If only as lazy and in need of improvement. However, the little speech did wonders. Lyonette saw Ilvriss lift his cup. To the surprise of everyone, he spoke.
“Miss Marquin. Would you join me in toasting the bravery of adventurers wherever they might go? The courage to fight the undead? To the Horns of Hammerad!”
She lifted her cup at once. Everyone in earshot did the same. Lyonette clinked the rim of her cup against Ilvriss’. Then—they drank and began to talk.
Like old friends. Two people who had just seen the Horns, who had tried to help. Who knew them and had seen them vanish and worried out of more than passing concerns.
The Drake Wall Lord and the Human from Liscor. The ballroom watched, and began to turn on that moment. Rafaema, Makhir, Magnolia—all found themselves orbiting the moment, to their satisfaction, surprise, or disgruntlement.
Mivifa watched Lyonette from afar, jaw opened wide. The First Gardener, Earthspeaker, and the others were all looking at her. The Named Adventurer nearly threw up her claws, but it was the Wall Lady of Salazsar who tossed her plate up. Navine Gemscale nearly screamed.
“What is going on?”
The last piece of the puzzle no one had noticed—yet—that only the Salazsar Drakes would be able to put together made Navine nearly explode.
It was the ring on Lyonette’s finger.
 
—-
 
Rafaema of Manus was confused. No—confused was what she’d been fifteen minutes ago. Confuzzled, bamboozled, flabbergasted—those were appropriate words.
Gobsmacked. That was a good one too. The female Dragon was staring at the target of her latest obsession of the last few months.
Lyonette du Marquin. 6th [Princess] of Calanfer if Ferris was right. He probably was; he was supposed to be one of Manus’ best.
However, Ferris hadn’t told her about that damn ring. It sparkled in the Dragon’s vision every time Lyonette shifted. She was speaking eagerly to Ilvriss, like they were old friends.
“That’s a Ring of Salazsar. A Wall Lord’s ring. You don’t think…?”
She whispered to one side. An answering growl came from the other person who could hear and reply, even with his enhanced hearing.
“I have no idea, no. But it’s definitely a Ring of Salazsar. The only Wall Lord I can remember there being a stink about not having his was Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
“No way. No way in all the walls in…he’s supposed to be a loyalist!”
“Maybe they’re just…he doesn’t know? Or she charmed him? Or it’s just intimacy? There was that Wall Lord who married one of my people.”
Hunt-Commander Makhir looked interested. He was Rafaema’s bodyguard, and while she normally resented Manus’ eyes on her, she was grateful for his input now. He wasn’t one of the Drakes; the Gnolls of Manus were just as loyal, but willing to talk to her about the tribes and other issues.
“The question is: does Calanfer know? Think of it the other way, Rafaema, yes?”
“How so?”
The Dragon tried to frame it in Human politics. Makhir waited, sniffing at his cup. Rafaema made a guess, like she was at her lessons. Her eyes widened.
“Hold on. Do you think maybe he arranged for her to go missing? Or—or he met her and this is a play from Wall Lord Ilvriss on Calanfer’s throne? That would be the most insane—”
