8.21 L
Page 4
Mivifa sighed. She liked Saliss’ ability to refuse to do anything people wanted him to. There was no help for it, though. He was off making potions with Xif; had been after leaving the discussion over the Village of the Dead’s raid.
Her blood still raced from that. Mivifa went to find another drink, remembering the sight of real adventurers fighting undead. She wanted to be there, not here.
Some [Herald] called more names as Mivifa went to look for the wine. Oh, good. More visitors come for political gain or to take sides about the Human-issue.
“Presenting: the Wall Lords of Salazsar, Ilvriss and Nerul Gemscale! Also presenting: the Wall Lady of Manus, Rafaema Skywing!”
Navine Gemscale choked on her drink as a familiar face appeared on one side of the ballroom. Magnolia glanced around, with a bit more interest. The Wall Lord who’d been to Liscor?
Everyone was more interested in the Drake who had fought against, and then besides Zel Shivertail. The powerful Wall Lord from Salazsar, whose unexpected appearance gave everyone pause.
They almost missed the unknown Wall Lady who glanced around imperiously, just as impatient as Mivifa at this formality. The First Gardener on the other hand and Mivifa herself?
“Rafaema’s here? Did you hear about it?”
Mivifa grabbed the [Druid] Earthspeaker. He had hurried over, eyes just as wide.
“I think the First Gardener did receive the request, but so fast? Now? This is wonderful!”
“This is Creler-crap! If she’s here to meet Cire, he’ll annoy her again! He’s still love-struck and if they fight, they might not agree to see each other for another decade!”
Mivifa had the exact opposite opinion of the others. She had a more realistic understanding of the two’s relationship and Cire’s maturity compared to Rafaema. The Earthspeaker gave her a startled look. Mivifa rubbed at her neck-scales.
“No help for it. I’ll go greet her.”
Rafaema and a known war hawk of a Wall Lord? The ball was getting interesting. Mivifa was edging past trailing dresses, people who wanted to meet the Named Adventurer and talk about their ‘little monster problem’, get her autograph, or wonder if she was seeing anyone special and was there room for romance—
When she passed by the refreshments, Mivifa paused to fill her goblet, and saw a small, interested crowd watching someone doing the same. She slowed.
She must have missed the announcement, or no one had given it. Perhaps they thought she wasn’t worth announcing, but someone had clearly decided to invite her, as someone who ‘might be important’.
The strange thing was why she’d even accepted it. But perhaps that was because Mivifa had sensibly cut her off from her alcohol stash in her home.
Lyonette du Marquin was trying to pour another cup of wine. However, she was so sloshed that she’d clearly missed twice. She leaned on the table, took a gulp around red-rimmed eyes, and finally noticed Mivifa staring at her.
“Mivifa. Hello~”
Lyonette managed. Then she tossed the wine cup back. The drunken [Princess] wobbled, looked around, and then found a chair to sit down in.
The Horns of Hammerad’s disappearance had not done her well at all.
 
—-
 
She was leveling her [Worldly Princess] class. Yes, that was it. Worldly experiences. Was there anything more worldly than being patted on the back while you threw up everything you’d eaten that morning?
If there was, Lyonette didn’t want to know. That had been this morning, and she’d found the alcohol cupboard locked. So she’d done the logical thing.
