8.21 L
Page 6
“Too true. But what if the Humans get the Helm of Fire? That’s our artifact! I’m actually listening to the broadcast where they’re trying to assign treasure shares. The Flamewardens of Pallass—well, better Pallass gets it, eh?”
“Exactly. Is there a chance?”
The monocle-wearing Drakes shrugged.
“Well, since the inciters of the raid are dead—the ah, ‘Horns of Hammerbad’, the odds are—”
“They’re not dead!”
The voice silenced everyone in the local radius. Gossip cut still as the two Drakes looked up and saw a young woman striding towards them.
She had on a hastily-purchased dress in the traditional style—just to make her fit in, which trailed across the floor, spotted with some wine from the goblet she’d tossed aside.
Her hair, of which other people had said so much, was fiery, and so on, but mainly uncombed. Her eyes flashed with anger as she raised a finger.
“How dare you spread false allegations around you—you peasant? The Horns of Hammerad are not dead!”
“Who is this Human? Another one of those Reinharts?”
The Drake without the monocle spluttered, looking indignant. She reeled back from Lyonette’s wine-breath. The other one just tilted his snout up and sneered at her.
“And you would know better, Miss Human? If you watched the broadcast, I’m afraid you’re not much more of an expert than we. Nor are you more qualified to make a judgment call based on your condition.”
Some of the other Drakes in earshot sniggered. Lyonette heard a voice mutter ‘like an inflated wineskin’, followed by more laughter. This Human was just an amusing buffoon, like Magnolia, but different.
Her mouth opened haughtily. Lyonette could have said many things, such as the statues in the [Garden of Sanctuary] were proof the Horns’ fate was in question. Or that her judgment was also informed by knowing details Drassi had cut from the broadcast, like Wistram’s involvement.
What she said above the tittering wasn’t that, though. Lyonette drew herself up.
“I suppose you would know better, sir? To my eyes—and it may be the wine talking, but I think not—you do not seem to have the wherewithal to judge an adventurer one bit on the attributes of fitness. Nor do I think you yourself are a [Warrior]—or could swing a sword without severing your tail!”
She pointed at the other Drake’s paunch. The monocle-wearer turned beet red as the audience took a second to untangle her diatribe, then chuckle.
“How dare you.”
He reached for his side and the audience saw he did carry a shortsword. It was most-likely ornamental, though, since he tangled in even drawing it.
Lyonette du Marquin had no such compunctions. She reached for her dress, shifting fabric, and the ring of steel made everyone’s head turn.
She drew her sword in one move. The Drake choked as he backed up, still wrestling with his belt.
“I am no [Warrior]. But I do know how to use a sword, sir. Moreover—I was taught by none other than the Horns of Hammerad themselves, and a Gnollish [Knight], Brunkr Silverfang! By Yvlon Byres and Ksmvr of the Free Antinium! I know them personally, just like I happen to know Drassi, Griffon Hunt, the Halfseekers—and that idiot with the monocle you decided to copy! Before you spout your ignorant tongue about them being dead, reconsider your words, and then swallow them because I don’t think you have anything to add to any conversation whatsoever! You are nothing more than a libelous rogue and gossiping prat, and I do not need to be sober to call you to account.”
