8.21 L
Page 13
Feshi stiffened at the Named Adventurer’s name, whose title and reputation had been revoked, but she didn’t know why. The other Gnolls leaned in.
“How can this be? I heard Regrika had been stripped of her rank. She killed another Gnoll? The Blackpaw tribe denied that could have happened—”
“I saw her the day after they found him. It was her. Brunkr was—”
Lyonette spoke, misty-eyed. Ears and tails drooped as she recounted Brunkr’s meeting with her, removing the part about trying to kill Mrsha. Talking about his wound, him coming around, teaching her sword lessons.
Memory smoothed over his faults. Or the telling of it did. Lyonette finished with him getting his life’s dream, again taking out her part in giving him the class, making it seem like a random event of luck. By the time she finished the sad tale, there wasn’t a dry eye or furry nose not being blown.
“You were friends with him? A Gnoll?”
Lyon nodded at Gorauun. The Gnoll pressed a paw into her shoulder, but gently.
“Then you do him credit. It is good to meet a Human who considered a Gnoll so much a friend that she mourns him and remembers his name.”
“I wouldn’t forget.”
The [Princess] protested, as if that would be an unthinkable crime just to forget. And it would be in her world.
Not all Gnolls had learned to expect that of Drakes, though. Liscor was not all of Izril. So there she stood.
The Human who knew Drakes, Antinium, and Gnolls. Who had friends among adventurers. Who knew the very people who were on television.
“Miss Lyon is from Liscor. Didn’t I hear you say that you knew the Players of Celum?”
Feshi was saying to the others. More heads snapped around and some Drakes, unable to bear the wait, moved into the circle.
“Of course I do. Or do you mean the Players of Liscor? Um—the new Players of Pallass?”
“Really? Then do you know those plays? Do you have a copy of one? I have been advocating for a group to come to Oteslia!”
“I’m sure I could get a copy, Miss…?”
“Similaw. You could? That isn’t an idle boast, I hope?”
Lyonette scowled at the Drake.
“I do not make claims I cannot back up, Miss. I know the Players—but the plays are their property. Still, if you really wanted one, you could ask Esme or Temile…”
“I’ve tried, but they apparently get too many [Messages] to reply back to a single one! Even from a [Judge] of Oteslia!”
“Oh. Well. That’s not a problem for me. Perhaps I could ask.”
Look at her. In the center of it all, drawing in all the loose attention, with something for everyone. The Human. The bridge between worlds.
“The wrong one.”
Magnolia Reinhart murmured. She looked at Lyonette du Marquin. What a strange change had come over the arrogant brat she’d once met in Calanfer’s courts. She would have never believed it.
There she stood, far more of a woman than she had been a year ago. The same Lyonette that Magnolia had left to her own fate—no, this was the ideal outcome of letting her learn or fail on her own.
What Magnolia didn’t know was that it hadn’t been the sink-or-swim decision alone that she gave to people that had changed Lyonette. It had been the inn.
The [Lady] did know that the [Princess] was a good fit for this place. Yet there could have been someone else there.
Only one other person knew that, here. Only one other person saw the young woman laughing and making an inane comment instead of Lyonette. Less poised, more random, perhaps more offensive without meaning to be.
The [Innkeeper].
Wall Lord Ilvriss wondered why Lyonette had his ring on her finger. He glanced at Nerul and made a gesture. Navine was still haranguing him.
