8.21 L
Page 16
The Wall Lord caught himself, nearly stumbling as he went to turn and avoided their clothing tangling at the last moment. Lyonette tossed her head back challengingly. She had not spent weeks dancing with Antinium just to pass up the one opportunity to test herself now!
Let alone on a proper dance floor, Drake or not.
“I may not be perfect—or even close to it. But I can give it a [Flawless Attempt]. I wouldn’t want to embarrass you, Wall Lord. So if you prefer not to…”
The purple-scaled Drake gave her an exasperated look. Then, despite himself, a smile appeared on his face. Challenging. Not the tired Ilvriss, or the stoic, mannered Wall Lord.
He looked at her, irritated, almost admiring of her bravado. Alive.
“If you trip and fall, I will not be able to catch you.”
“I won’t fall.”
[Balanced Posture], as if she were a [Lady] or [Dancer].
[Basic Footwork], for the [Fencer], [Warrior], or the above.
[Magnified Training] to learn as fast as she could.
Last of all, and certainly not least.
[Flawless Attempt].
The ballroom chatter went silent as the Drake and Human walked towards each other. This time, Ilvriss stopped a good six feet away. He bowed, and so did Lyonette. Then—the two turned as the music swelled, the tempo picked up.
“Ancestors. Are they going to dance? My nephew must be mad. I knew a Drake who died by strangulation during a dance gone wrong.”
Nerul whispered to the nearest person to him—Feshi. Rafaema watched nearby, confused. The young woman clearly hadn’t known the dance.
Yet there she went. Mivifa stared as Lyonette spread her arms. She had no tail, but if she had—she would have lifted it slightly, like Ilvriss, curling the tip up.
The trailing, cumbersome, tangling damned dresses, the curse of Oteslian high society did something magical then. The light, featherweight fabric, layered complementary colors—Ilvriss’ a darker variation on blues, even purple on the deepest layers like his scales, Lyonette’s a fiery red and oranges, like her hair—
They caught the air and lifted up. Loose fabric began to whirl. Like opening flowers, or wings made of cloth—
The dresses began to fly. Trailing after the dancers as they turned, moving without letting the dresses touch the ground. Mivifa stared, entranced as she saw one of the first and only proper Oteslian dances take place.
 
—-
 
A proper Oteslian dance was one in which you seldom stopped moving. It was selfish, as Lyonette had observed. Moreover; it was a show. You moved alone and rejoined your partner, in whirling arcs of cloth calculated to take advantage of the dress’ unique qualities.
It was a purely Drakeish idea. A Dragon’s arrogance. The secret of the way the dance ran was this: if you were anything less than perfect, you looked like a stupid idiot. It was meant only for someone who could appreciate it, who trained for it.
Who could give it the respect it was due.
Step. The young woman’s hair fluttered behind her like the outer petals of her dress. Almost like red wings.
Turn. The Wall Lord was almost as graceful as her, even without the Skill. His face was a study of concentration as a dark bloom of color followed him, like ink in the water.
Everyone was watching, from Drakes to Gnolls to the only other Humans in the room. It was beautiful, and the two’s contrasting colors and species only added to the surprise. The effect.
It struck him dumb. The sight made him go silent.
Even he…even he had only seen a proper dance of Oteslia’s colors eighteen times in over a hundred years.
