8.21 L
Page 2
Therein lay the trap. Once you got there, you had better be as charming, witty, important, or powerful as you wanted to be. Because if you weren’t…no one was going to invite you again. The people on the up-and-up got kicked down and stomped on.
Mivifa rather liked the system. It weeded out a lot of nobodies. It still didn’t change the fact that this was not her event.
“This is so totally not Archmage. I feel like I’m going to Creler—damn it. This is why I don’t attend these things!”
She muttered to one of the other high-ranking Oteslians—their Earthspeaker. Which was, in fact, the [Druid] chosen by the Circle of Druids in Oteslia to represent them.
Not their best, which was a relief. Not the most high-level, or even the one with the most authority. You might get someone like Nalthaliarstrelous if you did that, and that…was a problem. The [Druids] were smart enough to choose someone charismatic and approachable.
In this case, a Drake [Vinetender Druid], whose special trick was conjuring some magical wine. He was also in the First Gardener’s inner circle, and knew Mivifa’s other job.
“Just seems odd. Named Adventurers don’t need to keep up a reputation for sanity. Greet the Human and laugh—then you can go.”
Mivifa sighed.
“I still need to monk around for an hour or two, don’t I?”
“…Monk? You mean, attend? Yes. Yes you do. Er—how is Cirediel, incidentally?”
“Besides trying to get under the dress of his latest obsession? Fine. He wants to visit the Meeting of Tribes, but at least he won’t be here.”
Mivifa sighed. She might have to work, but not dealing with Cire was a plus. He hated social gatherings like these, and the First Gardener obviously didn’t encourage him to attend because of who Cire was and his running mouth.
Oteslian balls had another uniquely…charming…feature. Which was that they loved the traditional ballroom dress of Drakes.
Styles changed. Humans and Drakes and every species changed styles. That was normal. However, one hallmark feature of Drake dress was…the length.
Humans had floor-length, many-layered dresses sometimes. Even ones held up by wood frameworks to appear artificially inflated. Drakes? They didn’t do as many layers, but instead of clothing that reached to the floor, their dresses trailed on the floor. They had tail-length cloth. Men and women—although for Mivifa’s money, women had it worse.
Whoever had invented the concept of trailing dresses and feather-weight cloth deserved to be repeatedly stabbed. It might be fine for one person, say, at a wedding, with bearers to lift it out of the mud, but Drake ultra-traditional clothing meant everyone wore it.
Imagine how many knots appeared when six Drakes wearing long, flowing clothing passed by each other. Imagine how many fluttering pieces of cloth landed in your food, or suffocated people standing five feet away.
…Ironically, this was also something Mivifa liked, since the only high point in standing and making idle chatter was watching someone go flying by tripping on a trailing hem, or a waiter getting clotheslined by two dresses forming an accidental knot.
She had heard the dresses had a point, but Mivifa had never really seen anyone pull off the look properly. Indeed, when Magnolia Reinhart swept in, she wore a very trendy, modern fashion that was all-Human and much more sensible if she didn’t want to make a fool of herself by tugging at her dress and apologizing to the lady she’d gotten tangled with.
