8.21 L
Page 9
Lyonette’s charisma was different. She could do leadership, likeability, but her charisma was best when it was her, not a copy of Erin.
That meant—well—her charisma had edges. Make a stupid comment, yank the chair out from under her, and you’d get cut. Mrsha had learned that more than once—mainly from the chair trick.
“Yes, of course he could kill the Skeleton Lords. Pisces? I would believe it. Do you have to see everything to believe it?”
“No—but you must admit, the assertion that he slew no less than six in a battle is insane! That [Marksman] barely killed one. Even if that Human is a [Necromancer]—”
The others shuddered. Lyonette turned to the Drake arguing with her.
“I will have you know that Pisces is one of the most accomplished [Duelists] you will ever meet. Do you recall the King of Duels’ battle? The brave Instructor Tomoor? Well—he does not own a golden bell, but Pisces once possessed a silver one—and that was when he was sixteen!”
“Have you seen him fence?”
A young Drake put in excitedly. Lyonette nodded, chewing furiously as Magnolia stopped, staring at her.
“More than once. It was a rather funny moment at that—I believe he bet an entire cake against Ceria and Mrsh—er, a young Gnoll that he could beat the Captain of the Watch in a duel. Liscor’s Watch Captain, that is.”
“And did he?”
Lyonette sat back, sniffing haughtily in a copy of Pisces’ manner. Then smiled, despite herself, at the memory, much funnier in hindsight than at the time.
“He never managed to do it. He attempted to provoke her. Accordingly, she ordered him arrested. However, he managed to fend off two Senior Guards and an entire squad with a mop handle for over ten minutes. Then they arrested him and put him in jail.”
“What about the cake?”
“We brought it to him in prison.”
With big frosting depicting the incident. Mrsha had drawn it and then put Pisces behind bars before giving him the biggest piece. When Lyonette related that, all the listeners laughed.
Stories. How did you connect with people? You told them stories. And what better place in the world for telling the best stories about people than…The Wandering Inn?
“Do you have one about the Flamewardens? Captain Keldrass and his team?”
“No, I d—”
Lyonette nearly snorted wine out of her nose as she remembered one. She coughed, and went on.
“Very well. I…do have one. Do you know the Strongheart farm? Well, Captain Keldrass, Bevussa—also of Pallass—once visited his farm. I forget how it came about. I think Wailant, who’s a former [Pirate] himself, had invited Seborn over, but managed to get both teams instead. He liked adventurers. But he has ah, a custom—so allegedly, after drinking copiously—both teams found their Captains and the Stronghearts stark naked, shooting wands at targets in the field.”
Scandalized, some Drakes looked appalled and whispered, while others nearly died laughing. Even the scandalized Drakes wanted Lyonette to go on, though. This was enough gossip material for a month!
“What is it with Humans and getting naked every five seconds?”
A Drake muttered, affronted. Another one looked speculative.
“…I bet it’s the lack of a tail. It’s so easy. You just pull off your pants and—done!”
Theories on Human propensity to nudity were put aside. Everyone wanted to hear more.
“So you are from Liscor? I keep hearing that city’s name on the news, and I hadn’t heard it since, well, the Second Antinium Wars! Are there really…Antinium walking the streets? Those horrible things?”
Everyone looked at Lyonette. The young woman’s brows crossed.
