8.21 L
Page 21
“You’re not ever ‘cool’. Better this than seeing you chasing after another Drake and telling me how many people you’ve had sex with this month.”
He turned red.
“I’m more mature!”
She just looked at him, until he blushed more furiously and ran ahead. They didn’t fight as fiercely as before. This was how her visit had started. Maybe it would be better this time.
“Let’s get back to the party. I have business there. Besides—you should show yourself so they all stop worrying. The First Gardener should be present. You’re making more work for her.”
“I know that. I have business there too! Did—did you see that Human dancing? There’s something about her.”
Rafaema scratched at her neck spines. Two seconds and he was back to normal. She tried to humor him—and failed.
“You mean, the [Princess] of Calanfer?”
Cire smacked into the doorframe. He whirled, eyes wide.
“What? She’s a [Princess]? I knew there was something special about her! You felt it too, didn’t you?”
Rafaema frowned. She spread her wings as they left the secret place and leapt into the sky after him. Cire swore as she shot past him; she was the faster flier too. Faster temper, faster, stronger, older…he labored to catch up.
“How do you know?”
“Manus has intelligence. You should try getting some yourself. We have reports on everyone—she barely tries to hide it. You really didn’t know?”
“No! No one lets me see intelligence reports after I took one to show the others!”
“Gee, I wonder why.”
They flew on. Someone spotted them within a minute; Rafaema raised a claw and Cire waved guiltily. The relieved [Pegasus Rider] began calling off the alarm as they flew back.
“There was something about her. I just knew…she’s pretty hot, don’t you think?”
“…Do you think before you ask me these things?”
Rafaema glared at Cire. He shrugged impishly, flying backwards through the air and trying to lounge at the same time.
“You did feel something, didn’t you? [Princess]-senses. That’s my new power.”
The Lightning Dragon sighed.
“We don’t have [Princess]-senses. That’s just the storybooks of Dragons kidnapping royalty. Read between the lines! They were political hostages. Besides, I’ve met [Princesses] before. And [Queens]. There’s nothing special about them.”
“Oh. Well, maybe she’s special. I feel it. Come on, I’ll introduce you. You’ll see it too!”
He darted ahead. Rafaema shouted after him.
“Where do you feel it? Because if it’s where I think it is—I’ll stab you. Right where you feel it.”
 
—-
 
The return of the two wards of their Walled Cities to the ball…went about as unnoticed as their departure.
More people were concerned with Lyonette and Magnolia. The younger woman’s connection with the Gnolls, her startling familiarity with Ilvriss and all it suggested…
There were rumors about that already, from Liscor. Now she was here, right when there was a chance for peace. Her dance had impressed the Drakes. The gossip about Ilvriss was already covering miles.
Scandalous. Intriguing. Even charming.
Wrong. Horrendous. Not to be suffered. Not here. Not in a Walled City. A Human…?
No. As Rafaema and Cire walked through the crowd, Cire with the confidence of the First Gardener’s son to push through towards the [Princess], the dignitary changed directions. Instead of Magnolia, he introduced himself.
“Excuse me—you are Miss Lion Solstice, of Liscor? I have heard so much of Liscor myself, and I wondered if I might have a word?”
Lyonette turned to the smiling Drake. He, like many of the Drakes here, bore his city’s sigils proudly on his arm. The city above a wave—Zeres.
“I am.”
