8.22 HE
Page 35
With that, she turned and strode away. Erin was left standing in front of the ghosts of the world. Califor, on the hill, saw the old [Witch] coming her way.
“You may disagree with us, Witch Califor. But we did think on how best to use fleeting time.”
“With this?”
Vexcla grinned.
“With this. She is a clever girl. She would have come to this by herself, I think. But we have moved it ahead of her wasting time and given her the hint any [Witch] needs. Now—let us see if she finds the true worth in this.”
Below her, Erin Solstice had stopped dithering, and, pressured by all the stares and waiting hundred ghosts and [Witches]—timidly called out to one of the ones closest to her. The four [Witches] on the hill watched as Erin sat down and listened.
 
—-
 
The man had a robe like…well, someone had attached a king-sized bed sheet to his back. That was an uncharitable way of putting it. Put another way, Erin saw the cloak of many substances forming a single ‘garment’. He was the flashy person she’d seen before, who looked like liquid mercury had become cloth in one part, a strange animal’s green-furred hide in another.
It reminded her of Rabbiteater’s Cloak of Plenty, so that was one of the reasons she’d chosen him. He sat with her on the ground, and Erin saw his hands had magical rings on each finger. Earrings of magic dangled from each ear, and she wondered what he might have carried; a staff or something if he had kept that possession in death.
“Um. H-hi. How are you doing? I uh—what are you supposed to be doing? Are we chatting? Is this a date?”
The man smiled as the [Innkeeper] stuttered. He did not have a preamble; he just spoke, quickly, but measured enough that each word was clear.
“The [Witches] of old asked me to tell you who I was. That it might help you, [Innkeeper] Erin Solstice. That is why we are here. I am honored to be chosen. So: I was the [Sage] who invented ‘Sage’s Grass’, as it seems the world now calls it. More recent than many of my class. Older it seems, the more time passes.”
He smiled at her. Erin’s jaw dropped.
“Wait. You’re—the guy? The Sage’s Grass guy? I have some growing in my garden! You’re famous!”
The [Sage] blinked.
“In your garden? Then it has grown that common? When I first invented it, by marrying magic to plants to create a plant which could create mana just by existing—it was the rarest thing in the world. A [Witch] of my time traded me a fortune of fortunes just for a few seeds.”
Erin blinked.
“Well, it’s not common but it’s…sort of? It’s expensive as heck.”
“Ah. By which you mean it is acquirable with mere coinage? Again, when it was first invented, a single leaf was more than any common citizen could afford. Rightly so, for with it one could brew powerful potions and cast uncommon spells. I am told that since my death, it allowed healing potions to be more common.”
He just sat there, the [Sage] of Sage’s Grass…talking to her. Erin looked around to make sure she wasn’t being pranked. She got what the [Witches] meant, though. She tried to explain.
“Well, maybe it did. Because healing potions are like…everyone has one. Not a great one, but one. I have like, fifty two in my inn. I could have used more antidotes. That’s a mistake.”
“A common one. If I may advise—many [Sages] and [Alchemists] died from poison in the air. A ring to detect such things was commonplace. See? Ah—”
He tried to take off a ring on his hand, but it vanished and reformed. The [Sage] shrugged regretfully.
