8.22 HE
Page 33
“You are not any of those, Erin Solstice. Unless you choose to be. We have not found your craft, as Califor says. That is why she objects. But think: you know what it is to be a [Witch]. Is there anything else you truly need?”
The [Witch] looked from Califor to Erin. She addressed Califor.
“What could we teach her, the nuance of every craft? Have we time? When she wakes, if she remembers—she need only pursue the core of what we are. She will find herself. That is enough. This is what magic is made from, Erin Solstice. Do you understand?”
Erin thought of Headscratcher. Holding him…her voice trembled.
“Not exactly. Can you say it another…another way?”
Somillune nodded.
“Remember. Simply remember every frustration, every cruelty and injustice and wrong.”
She gestured, and Erin saw the heads of two Goblins held in a grinning Drake’s claw. A dying Antinium stabbed by countless daggers, shielding her. Stared down at her open palm, slashed by a knife.
The witch spoke again, interrupting the thoughts that could pour over her in the dark of night. At bad times, in bad places.
“Now, remember when you smiled. Your triumphs, your love and laughter. Each second you breathed in and knew: I am alive. That is the root of your craft. Each witch merely finds a different focus. A different question for the same answer.”
Erin blinked. Was it that simple? Califor looked like she wanted to object.
“There is…nuance, Witch Somillune. Practice. She has none of those things.”
The Witch of Ash shrugged.
“How will we teach her? With magic that is as dead as we are? I say to you, Witch Califor—look back. The first [Witches] had no guidance. They discovered themselves. Give Erin Solstice no rules. Teach her no lengthy lessons; does she take to it? Let her be and grow without a roof in her mind.”
Califor went silent. Erin looked at Somillune.
“Just…feelings? Memory? Is it really that easy?”
A voice laughed in her ear. Erin jumped and realized Vexcla had come back. The Witch of Eyes looked at her, amused.
“Did you think it was something truly secret that no one could do? The root of things is simple. You will find depths beyond your imagining if you follow this path. But think: magic as [Mages] do it is just remembering the correct way something is and putting a bit of power in it. An incantation is just words in the right order and tone. A sigil is a drawing.”
“Wow. Magic sounds cheap.”
The two older witches laughed at that. Really laughed, without restraint or even trying to keep themselves upright. Vexcla grinned at Erin again.
“It may. But tell me. What is stronger in you than your memory of when you held Headscratcher? Is there anything more powerful? Anything that will last longer?”
The [Innkeeper] shook her head. Vexcla smiled and nodded.
“That is our magic. Transitory. Temporary. Memory and emotion, which disappear and change. It is not the strength of [Mages], which adds to itself. It wanes; like the Gnolls and [Shamans], our power has been lost as the greatness of this world fades. With each species that passes, each kingdom that falls, all fades away.”
“We would not have it any other way.”
Somillune nodded. Califor looked at the two older [Witches], astounded. Perhaps that was the difference between them. Erin turned to Vexcla, as the Witch of Eyes raised one curious hand, like Gazi’s.
