8.22 HE
Page 6
Like the times before, the programmed showoff-cycle made the Golem strike the walls with each step as it advanced. The huge maul of a weapon glowed in Ksmvr’s gaze. He saw the Golem, twice as thickly armored as the others he’d killed, raise its weapon as it stepped into the light. Ksmvr muttered an oath.
“Tree rot.”
Hammera strode into the arena to a deafening sound. She raised her hammer overhead, then set herself. Her ‘gaze’ locked on Ksmvr. He had only one second to take in the former champion of the arena before she charged.
 
—-
 
Nsiia watched, sick at heart as Hammera charged. Femithain was shouting at one of the officials, cursing himself. But it was too late.
Her first programming order was a running charge followed by a two-handed blow. The same move that had killed over half her opponents in the arena—missed.
Barely. Ksmvr leapt back, but wasn’t prepared for the algorithm that let Hammera reset her strike and try again. He still managed to propel himself away in time, but the crater the blow made clearly let the Antinium reconsider blocking, even with his magical shield. He switched it out and loosed an arrow with two arms.
The magical arrow burst into flames on the armor and Hammera swung her hammer around in a whirling motion, dispelling the flames. The audience was on their feet.
“Femithain!”
Nsiia snapped, but she knew better than to interrupt the man. She watched. This was the same Antinium from the raid, she could see it. The brave warrior who had fought with the [Prince] on the rooftop and gone into the heart of the city.
She did not know what strange road had led him here, but it was not to die at the hands of a Golem for fools! Nsiia’s eyes were slits, mimicking the cat in her lap. Yinah, was hissing, sensing the tension in the [Empress of Beasts].
All they could do was watch as Ksmvr fought for his life.
 
—-
 
[Piercing Strikes] had their limit. Ksmvr shot his crossbows again and saw the arrows sink into the Golem’s metal…for all the good they did. She was too thick.
He tried to jump on her back, and nearly died. The creators had programmed her to block everything coming at her and her hammer was deadly. Every impact shook the ground around him.
I feel manifestly as if Ceria’s Frostmarrow Behemoth or Pisces’ undead might fare b—
Ksmvr dove and the hammer switched directions. It hit his back, but he was already leaping so it just hurled him across the arena.
He hit a wall and the audience mocked him. Ksmvr would have liked to tune them out, but he couldn’t.
Perhaps he was the foe for this after all. Only Yvlon might have survived hand-to-hand and Ceria’s ice walls and Pisces’ undead were a poor match for Hammera.
Then again, I cannot hurt it. And it will eventually strike me. Ksmvr looked around. He’d been using the other Golems as cover, but Hammera was able to even account for them.
His Flamecoat Dagger could not burn her sufficiently. His shortsword was too short and arguably too weak. His Forceshield? Ksmvr suspected it could endure one hit before needing to recharge.
What he needed was an opening to reload his crossbows. Crossbow Stan’s crossbows, plus his bow, plus the other ones Ksmvr had bought meant eight shots. That might be enough to pierce the armor.
Especially since he had a new Skill. However, Ksmvr had to reload and he had no t—
The Antinium ducked and the hammer hit the wall where his head had been. He looked at the cracks in the stone, then the cheering Golem’s handlers behind the gates.
“I will die and this will be a crimin—”
