8.22 HE
Page 31
The last [Witch] had a more appropriate name. Vexcla—which was an abbreviated version of a longer one with apostrophes and whatnot. The [Innkeeper] stretched out on the grass, reflecting upon the land of the dead.
Day ?? of Living In the Land of the Dead. Wait, that sounds awful. Day ?? of Death. Or is it ???; unclear. I have not had to deal with my monthlies, so that is something. I have also not had to poo, or eat. Keeping track of time continues to be an issue…
“Erin.”
The young woman went on.
As there is no real paper except memory-stuff, it is difficult to keep records.
“Erin Solstice, stop this at once.”
“I must narrate my journal entries since I can’t write everything down, and I forget what I narrate all the time. I continue to be bothered by this rude [Witch] who’s mean and never lets me rest, even if she did save my life. So yeah…”
Califor grabbed Erin’s ear and yanked. Erin actually floated as she yelped, a new power she’d realized she had. She looked around guiltily.
“Sorry! I’m paying attention! What are we doing?”
Califor glared. Irked by Erin’s natural—okay, deliberate—silliness. However, it seemed her fellow witches were up to the challenge of teaching the [Innkeeper]. Perhaps that was why these two had come.
The ashy Somillune…laughed. Parts of her body flaked away and reformed. Beneath the hat and shadows from which dozens of eyes blinked, Vexcla revealed a pointed smile.
Erin looked at them. This was the height of witchcraft, perhaps the inevitable result of pursuing their magic. They weren’t Gazer or…or whomever Somillune had been. They were more like ideas.
Fire and vision.
She just wasn’t sure if she wanted to be—that. Erin had agreed to take lessons because they were right. She was just nervous.
“Sorry! I’m not meaning to goof off. I just…okay, that was on purpose. I’m listening. What’s my first lesson in being an amazing [Witch]?”
She sat down, facing the three. Califor sighed as the [Innkeeper] visibly tried to look and be attentive. That was what the [Witches] saw. The woman opened her mouth—and Vexcla nudged her. Califor fell silent and the Witch of Ashes raised her head.
Somillune spoke.
“We know you are nervous, Erin Solstice. That part of you does not want to learn. Your stubbornness, ah, but even a great [Witch] would have trouble with you.”
She smiled and Erin grinned despite herself, a bit guiltily. The woman went on.
“You have told us your story. From your life on Earth till now. Goblins and inns. Loss and sacrifice and triumph. Fire.”
“Are you going to teach me new flames?”
Erin sat up. The [Witch] tilted her head.
“Perhaps. But first: witchcraft. To learn our class, you must know your craft. You understand the basics of what a [Witch] is.”
The young woman nodded dubiously. Craft and the power of emotions. Which might be her thing? Potions too.
“How do I do that? I mean—what’s my first step? I can’t level or use Skills here, but…”
“Hush.”
Erin fell still, but her leg jiggled, even though her body was elsewhere. She was nervous. She didn’t know if she could be what they wanted. Somillune met her gaze.
“You told us of many moments in your life, Erin Solstice. I ask you to remember one. As vividly as when you told it. No matter the pain. When you held the boy, the Goblin who followed you against the Goblin Lord, Reiss.”
“Headscratcher.”
Suddenly, Erin’s levity was gone. She thought of her dear friend. The brave Goblin. Whispering…
