8.22 HE
Page 9
Ksmvr tried to dodge, but the webs tangled him. He felt an impact—and then was blown free. He hit the ground, sat up—and Domehead was on him.
“Silver and steel!”
Ksmvr got up and his Forceshield flashed to life. He blocked the strike and lanced out; he slashed at a knee and his sword barely cut into the armor. Domehead whirled his axe down and across. Ksmvr leapt; saw the axe reverse as he landed. It wasn’t a calculated program. He saw the Golem’s head sparkle as it saw the opening and took it.
“Imp—”
The blow threw him across the ground. Ksmvr looked down at his torn carapace. He fumbled for a healing potion. Domehead strode over to him and swung the axe down. Ksmvr rolled and got to his feet. Now—
Fighting for his life.
 
—-
 
A multitude of sensations assailed him. Input. Touch, taste, sound—but he couldn’t filter it. One hit him at a time.
Cheering. A roar of sound in his ears.
Pumping blood. Not in his ears, but his body. His hearts, reminding him he was alive.
Leaking. He was leaking blood.
The sound of air cutting. Thump. Vibration through the ground. Step, avoid—
Too late.
Crack. The sound of his outer shell splitting. Another impact, hurling him. Pain. Hurled across the ground by a far larger force. 
What did they say to describe situations like this? Like a bug hitting…
A wall. Ksmvr slid down, leaving a smear of green. He looked up and ducked the axe that left a mark in the stone. Ksmvr slashed, leaving a trail of flame on the Golem’s body. It pivoted—kicked.
Clipped him. Ksmvr bounced, rolled to his feet. The [Skirmisher] looked up. His mandibles opened, trickling blood.
“Ah. This feels familiar.”
This thing fought him. It didn’t ignore him like the undead half-Elf had. But his blades…Ksmvr looked down.
His shortsword had begun to chip. Had the magic failed in the City of the Dead? Or…
His Forceshield flickered as Domehead brought the axe down in a two-handed blow. The audience groaned. Ksmvr staggered upright.
Look at it. A proper warrior. Not a Golem. Not just a Golem. There was something there. It fought with less experience than Ksmvr. But it had the reflexes, the body to triumph.
“Not yet.”
He whispered. Domehead whirled the axe down—then cut sideways in the actual blow. It was learning. Learning from him. It had failed to finish the [Skirmisher] in nine long minutes of fighting. Barely—Ksmvr had barely leapt away, but it had learned to catch him as he fell. He survived this time by tricking it; he hopped up and before it got him, kicked off Domehead itself.
A reprieve of seconds. The Golem would never let him do that again. It was a slow learner. It picked up one trick at most each time. Then—it was never tricked again.
“Enough. I surrender.”
Ksmvr raised his arms, appealing to the jeering crowd. He spun; tried to roll.
The fist hit him and this time he thought his inner organs were damaged. Ksmvr slid down the wall. He looked towards the gate. The [Golem Artificers] were watching him.
“Please stop.”
They pointed.
“Make him suffer, Domehead! Then stop!”
One of them called out, her arms augmented with Golem-prosthesis instead of flesh. Ksmvr looked at them, then the Golem. A light flashed in reply. Ksmvr looked up. The First Crafter of Elbe had overridden the Magus-Crafter and she had control of Domehead with the others in this place. She would not relent until Ksmvr had paid for destroying her beloved Hammera.
The Antinium’s head rose.
“Very well.”
Domehead charged, axe raised. A superior Golem. The beloved child of Illivere. Ksmvr had not wanted this.
