8.22 HE
Page 12
It began to wonder if Ksmvr could be killed. The Antinium kept getting back up. Domehead was almost certain that one full-force blow would end it. But Domehead could think.
Uncertainty formed in the Golem’s mind. Even…it looked at the Antinium. It was making sound. Screaming at him. What was this sensation? Domehead began to try to swing faster, more aggressively.
Then Ksmvr’s bloody fist cracked the Golem’s head.
 
—-
 
The Magus-Crafter arrived too late. Too slow, panting, the guards fighting through the press of citizens. He heard the screaming, the shouts. From the top of the arena, he looked down, far too far to reach them in time.
The Antinium had cracked Domehead. The crystal dome developed a stress-fracture from the insane Antinium’s blows. The barehanded strikes—
Both Antinium and Golem reeled back as Ksmvr landed on the ground. He wanted to jump again, but he stumbled. Then—sat down.
He was losing consciousness. For a moment, Ksmvr just saw white, as if the sands of the Testing area had engulfed the world. His mind went clear, and he heard a voice.
 
[Conditions Met: H—]
 
Ksmvr’s head jerked up. He ducked a fist ready to end everything. Looked up.
Domehead stumbled backwards, the spider web crack on its crystalline dome. It was damaged! The Antinium had done this. It was…in danger. Of being destroyed.
Of…dying? Domehead processed that. The Golem realized something, as it saw the Antinium lift its fists.
No. It did not want that. Domehead wanted. Domehead was afraid. In desperation, it shielded its face as Ksmvr leapt again, screaming like a thing from the depths of Rhir’s nightmares. Its arm rose.
It didn’t want to die.
The blow knocked Ksmvr back onto the sands. He lay on his back shell, feeling something break that was also him. The voice was trying to speak.
 
[Her—]
 
Ksmvr raised his arms. Tried to move. He rolled to his feet, hopped sideways. He was losing his strength. The second punch clipped him and he stumbled. Everything flashed.
 
[H—]
 
A little voice in Ksmvr’s head wondered what new level he was getting. If I lie down, I can hear what it says. He wanted to. But—he twisted as a fist lashed the air. Domehead was lashing out, flailing, no longer mimicking a trained warrior, just swinging like a terrified child.
If he lay down, if one fist struck him, he would never know what it said. End this. Ksmvr leaned out of the way of a punch.
Domehead saw the Antinium coming, moving forwards, ducking its wild swings, looking for the moment to jump and break its head.
Kill it. The Golem’s attack routines were too erratic. It couldn’t hit Ksmvr, not with one arm, no matter how it swung. The Golem saw the [Skirmisher] tense and realized it had opened itself up with a wide, unbalancing swing.
Weapon broken! Arm insufficient! Do not want to die! The Golem processed each fact, struggling. Searching for—for—an answer.
It found one. Ksmvr saw the Golem’s body twist. The arm, swinging wide—he was only focused on it. Ksmvr saw a foot rise and had a flash of thought.
It did not know how to kick, though—
The kick was a copy of Ksmvr’s. A fast blow. Not a punch.
Ksmvr staggered and heard a crunch. Something hit him in the leg. He began to jump to end this.
He—could not. Ksmvr tried again, but now he was swaying. Falling over. Why?
The Antinium looked down. His right leg was bent inwards. The Golem had kicked him.
“No.”
Ksmvr fell down. He fought to rise, scrabbling at the ground with his three hands, to push himself up. Balance on one leg.
