8.22 HE
Page 19
Claims about his personal heroism aside, Vebrynthe was highly suspect about ‘unique coloration’ of a Human woman’s arms. He was quite capable of investigating, asking questions, or doing any number of things.
What he did do was produce a powerful truth crystal and raise it.
“Well, I trust you will improve security, valiance of your militia or not, Magistrate. As for punishment…this woman will be faced with Nerrhavia Fallen’s wrath. If what you say is true, of course? Just a formality.”
He smiled at Ducaz’s expression, but the [Magistrate] went through the lengthy confirmation that nothing but the truth had been said. Vebrynthe added his seal to the confirmation—then promptly passed the entire business to a lesser [Scribe], [Clerk], or so on to deal with.
The administrator could have investigated the Human woman who’d caused all this mess. Looked into the issue. And, at the very least, he could have done a double-test of Ducaz’s claims, which would probably have foiled the [Corrupt Magistrate]’s [One Good Lie] Skill.
He did not. Vebrynthe was quite happy to have Ducaz in his debt. And it only took one lie. For, when Vebrynthe’s [Scribe] submitted it along with a series of reports to a [Judiciary] for the entire area, who was in another branch of government not superior, but not inferior to the [Regional Administrator] and who could have stopped injustice or at least, reported it—there was no need.
All the [Judiciary] saw was the truth, taken down by Vebrynthe’s people and certified. Vebrynthe had written Ducaz’s statement down, received a correct truth spell.
So when the [Judiciary] made a ruling and submitted it to the capitol for a quick review, then down to Bounty Hunter’s Guilds, law enforcement, and of course, all the relevant places for the punishment to take place—everyone saw the [Judiciary] had been truth-certified as having made an unbiased ruling to the best of his ability, which he had.
The [Guards] executed the order, as did the [Scribes] in the Bounty Hunter’s Guild who registered the criminal’s record—in case they escaped or it came up later—and the entire system worked perfectly on the assumption that truth had held all the way through. It had to. Or else everything that happened next was based on faulty ground.
That was how Yvlon awoke to find her trouble with Ducaz and ill-timed rampage with her new Skill had landed her in even more trouble.
 
—-
 
The first thing she remembered was not killing anyone. Yvlon remembered that distinctly. She had sliced and cut—but only on idiots with stitch-marks. Even in her haze of fury at that man, she’d had that amount of morality.
The second was realizing she was never going to fight out of the city, seeing hundreds of [Guards] running at her—and blockading herself in the very same place Ducaz had been interrogating her in. Yvlon had looked at the artifacts on the table, at the door—
…And surrendered. There was no point using one of the damned scrolls taken from the Putrid One’s lair. If she could even activate it, and she’d doubted she could, Yvlon would have no idea what it did, or probably done it incorrectly.
Stuff like that was how the [Historians] came to write, ‘the giant crater eighteen miles wide’ in the history books. Yvlon had done her best, though. She’d surrendered after five minutes, just as they were preparing to rush her.
