8.22 HE
Page 8
The impact tore open Hammera’s back. Something shattered within her and the Golem froze. She dropped her hammer and fell to her knees, arms still outstretched. Like a living being, she fell, and the wail was real. The mighty Golem fell, felled by the limitations of her being. Foolishness of her masters.
The audience was speechless. The Antinium sat in his loft, reloading the last of his bolts, daring them to send another Golem at the logical loophole in their routines.
“Those arrogant…Hammera is dead.”
Femithain couldn’t even finish the sentence. Nsiia, watching, breathed out. He looked at her and she shrugged.
A Golem was dead. She could be remade, better. She looked at the clever Antinium, smiling. Femithain glanced away from her.
It was done, then. He raised his head, to tell the Golem-horse to slow. He was at least relieved the Antinium lived. Femithain settled back until a horrible feeling struck him.
The audience had been weeping. Now—the voices were picking up again. But why? Short of a ranged Golem, and Ksmvr had defeated the last Champion, there was no w—
“No.”
Nsiia’s eyes opened wide. She turned her head in horror. Ksmvr, who had been relaxing in his web-hammock, looked up in confusion.
They said the name. They chanted it. The great legend of the Testing Grounds.
Femithain’s lips moved in horror as his creation walked forwards. Nsiia just looked on Illivere, petty Illivere. She looked at the Magus-Crafter, but he seemed helpless. She clenched her hands.
The current champion emerged as they called his name.
 
—-
 
“Domehead. Domehead! DOMEHEAD!”
Ksmvr heard the name. He didn’t understand. What was a Domeh…
The Golem strode forwards. Ksmvr saw a huge, rounded head of enchanted glass holding sparkling crystals inside. An armored body.
It had no face like Hammera. It was not fully separated from the Human form, but the unique ‘head’ was the difference.
Summoned by their chanting, unleashed by the wrathful [Golem Artificers], the Golem stopped. In the shadows of the entrance. The glowing lights in its ‘brain’ winked on and off.
It turned slightly, and seemed to regard Ksmvr.
Regard me? The Antinium…didn’t like the way the Golem paused. He had been calm this entire time, if tense. Now…a prickle of unease ran through his body.
“DOMEHEAD. KILL IT.”
The greatest Golem of Illivere’s Testings walked forwards. It had a huge battleaxe on one shoulder, a match for Hammera’s weapon. It swung it down as it strode forwards.
Ksmvr took aim with a crossbow. He shot a steel bolt—
The Golem blocked it with the flat of its weapon. Ksmvr stopped. Not even Hammera had been able to do that. Nor…
“Did they teach the Golem to do that?”
Ksmvr checked his perch. He was well out of Domehead’s reach and it didn’t look like it had ranged weapons. Take your time. Let your Skills recharge. One more volley would work. Did he have to wait ten minutes? Thirty? He—
Domehead slowed, and raised its battleaxe. It did not swing as it stood just below Ksmvr. He fired again—it jerked, and the crossbow bolt glanced off the shining dome.
Not a scratch. It backed up, axe raised and shielding its head. It seemed to realize the issue.
Ksmvr…really didn’t like that. He waited, counting his crossbow bolts. Enough for only one last volley. He had to save them. Arrows?
He was reaching for his shortbow when Domehead stooped. It picked up a broken piece of the Spitfire Golem. Then it straightened, looked at Ksmvr—and threw the piece of armor at him.
