8.22 HE
Page 10
You are a superlative foe. But you are still—young. And there is one more thing you lack.
His arms rose. The Antinium had dropped his shortsword, his Forceshield. The audience’s cheers caught in their throat. The [Golem Artificers] stared. Surely not—they cried out a warning.
Ksmvr’s crossbows aimed up. Domehead saw it and began to evade. However, it had been baited into the charge.
It learned one thing at a time. It never made the same mistake twice.
If it got the chance to learn.
“[Aggregate Volley].”
Ksmvr fired. He felt—saw himself loosing the other crossbows, the arrow. The last of his ammunition.
He hit Domehead square-on. The shriek in his ears was more than the rending metal. The audience watched as the Golem stumbled back and…the axe fell.
The Antinium had missed. Or rather, he had shot slightly off-target. The blow had eaten through Domehead’s right arm, exposing the inner logic of its body. The arm hung, armor torn, unable to hold the axe!
Domehead’s lights…went dark. It sagged, then stood there.
Magic circuits broken. Ksmvr had observed the flaw of Golems; if their command matrices broke. These gladiator types had them everywhere, so just one large wound did them in. Even if not, he had gotten the arm.
He sagged back, reaching for another arrow. Worst-case scenario: the audience and handlers came after him. He might have to fight his way out. If he did—he’d steal a healing potion. He was out. He—
—Saw the lights begin to flicker in the Golem’s crystal dome. Ksmvr stopped. He searched for another Horns-style epitaph and gave up.
“This is ridiculous. I object.”
The Golem was moving. Its ‘mind’ was damaged. But the secondary, backup command spells began activating. Domehead rose a second time, just like before. The audience was cheering, howling. They knew.
The Golem checked the axe lying on the ground. Its damaged arm it couldn’t move. Then—it raised its good arm. It made a fist.
“Fffffff—”
Ksmvr began swearing like Ceria. The Golem walked forwards. Now—it cut the air with the one fist. It moved like—
A living warrior. With all the agility and speed of the woman it had learned from. A better style for fighting an Antinium too.
Ksmvr slowly got up from where he was sitting. His shortsword and Forceshield rose. He raised the shield—
The magic shattered. The impact threw him against the wall. He blocked with the flat of his shortsword.
The fist hit him in the chest anyways. His blade shattered.
Ksmvr pushed off the wall, in a jumping lunge through the legs of the Golem. He landed. His blade!
“They gave me that after Albez. Because I helped.”
The Antinium was muttering. Domehead whirled. Began to stride over. Ksmvr pushed himself up.
“That. Was my sword.”
He looked at Domehead. Reached for his bag of holding.
Missing. His belt was gone. His cape had been torn away. Ksmvr was all but naked. Bleeding.
Am I dying? He wasn’t sure. Domehead paused, assessing him. The audience was cheering him.
They didn’t cheer Ksmvr. The Antinium knew he was outmatched in every way. His vision was hazy. It—flickered—
Then he was back in the Village of Death. In the cathedral, watching as the undead tore apart his team. Ksmvr heard his own voice.
“Stop. Stop. Why do you not touch me?”
Tolveilouka Ve’delina Mer appeared instead of Domehead for a moment. Holding Yvlon. Pulling at her arm.
“Because this hurts you.”
Ksmvr saw it. He saw himself, attacking, doing nothing. He looked up at Domehead. The Golem, with its superior body.
