8.22 HE
Page 38
Her eyes told another story. They were like Gazi’s, like Halrac’s. Erin had met warriors and this woman was one to the core. She also belonged in the company of the [Sage] and [Witches]. Or rather…they belonged in her company.
“I was called the Rebel of String. Do you know why?”
Erin Solstice blinked. The Stitch-woman smiled.
“Because I was the first String Person in the world to rebel. Back before the [Sage]’s time. Long before. When we were Cloth Golems. When we killed the Threadmakers; our creators. I was there. When we became a people, not renegade things and every nation had to acknowledge our beating hearts—I was there.”
The [Innkeeper]’s jaw dropped. She looked around, then got up.
“Am I—I don’t know—am I supposed to bow or something? Wait, this is huge, right? You’re super important? You’re so important I don’t know how important you are!”
She looked around, and the String People ghosts nodded. For that matter, some of the ghosts, especially royalty, were eying the Rebel of String—and not all with friendly gazes. She had sent more than a few to their graves in her time.
String People had once been Cloth Golems? Erin sat back down and the woman explained: yes, they had been.
“Elucina. That is my name. The one I chose. We had different names. We were…Golems. That’s the name for us. I understand there were once Golems of pottery, who rebelled. Well, in my time, the Threadmakers, the greatest [Mages] and [Weavers], decided cloth was better. They wove us more intelligent with each generation, until we began to think too much. Then we rebelled.”
“What—what happened?”
Elucina looked at Erin. She grinned.
“Have you never heard the story of [Slaves]? What do you think happened?”
 
—-
 
Blood and death. Pleas for freedom, ignored, until the creator’s hands turned against their creations, imposing harsher means of enforcing control.
The String Folk had been a truer kind of accident than Truestone. Their creators had known the lessons of old—not well enough, but they had heeded them.
They wanted servants, perfect servants. A mind was the problem, and at first they had had great success by deliberately refraining from giving the Cloth Golems too much of a mind. However, over countless amounts of time, as more and more Cloth Golems were made, something happened.
Even their limited intelligence, form over functional minds drew together. It was…a tangle of string. A kind of collective growth.
The first lifestring, the very root of what made String People…people…emerged in Cloth Golems. The Threadmakers thought of it like a plague, a parasite of consciousness. They tried to weed it out, stop the Golems from rebelling. Then they chased down the first dissidents, trying to kill them—then negotiate, cling to their power, as the desperate first Stitch-folk fought for freedom, unwilling to take anything but freedom.
It took centuries. Wars as other nations refused to let this new species be. They had allies. Peoples who recognized them—in those days, the Jinn and their Djinni kin took up arms for the String Folk, which would one day lead to their downfall for the enemies they made. Countless Stitchfolk died, but when it ended, they were a people who now took parts of Chandrar as their home.
Weak to fire, but fearless of blades. String Folk. From the day the first of them asked to be freed, to the day they became a people—
She was there.
 
—-
 
The Rebel of String, Elucina, had been a [Rebel]. But she had not stayed one forever, though her class took her into Level 60 on that alone. After that though, she became a simpler class.
A [Hero].
