8.22 HE
Page 39
“I was not the first, true Rebel of String, either, Erin Solstice. I hoped you would choose me, so I could tell you that. Many can tell stories like mine. But I wished to tell you: I was not the first.”
Elucina sipped from the lemonade Erin had offered her. The [Sage] had refused when Erin offered her one gift to the ghosts. She smiled, looking relaxed—but never truly relaxed.
She had lived for centuries—no, over two thousand years—and even now, she sat as if she were just resting. Waiting for the next war. Yet she was kind and friendly. Erin was breathless, listening to her tale.
“You weren’t? Who was, um, Miss Elucina?”
She tried to be respectful, and it was an effort she made for few, even among the dead. The String Woman seemed to appreciate it. She sighed and put the drink down, where it vanished.
“I was the eighteenth. The others who came before me were braver. Stronger. The first—whose name was Destre—had the will to break every spell and command and call our burgeoning souls to cry out for mercy from our creators. And then, when they turned to wrath and fear, fight for our freedom.”
Erin listened as the Rebel of String told her about them. Naming all seventeen. She tried to commit their names to memory…before Elucina’s time ran out.
She was the Rebel of String, but the [Witches] insisted and Elucina didn’t argue. She just rose, smiling.
“I hope it has given you something, brave [Innkeeper]. We fight a foe like the Threadmakers now—and they stand among us.”
She gave a Garuda standing in the crowd a flat look, which was returned. Yet Elucina turned back to Erin and sighed.
“A foe so great, all must stand with old foes or risk…a slavery of forever, perhaps. I do not know. I stand with all ghosts. With my people.”
The [Hero of String] glanced at the Threadmaker Garuda again and whispered to Erin.
“And as far away from them as possible.”
Erin smiled at her.
“Thank you for telling me. It’s an honor. It’s…yeah.”
“I hope it helps.”
With that, the woman stepped into the sea of ghosts. Erin watched her go, and saw the other hundred stand or move forwards, waiting. Some looked hungry for their stories to be told, others content to wait.
She stood there, thinking. ‘I hope it helps.’ Was the story enough? It was certainly one of the stories to tell. If Erin was a [Storyteller]…
She wasn’t, though. Nor someone like Barelle the [Bard]. Erin recalled meeting him. This would help him without a doubt. Her, though?
Something was missing. Erin glanced at one of the witches, and hesitated. What was missing? She met the eyes of one of the [Witches], who smiled at her. They were a tricky lot. Erin Solstice thought.
What was she supposed to learn here?
 
—-
 
There were so many things that could happen. Califor’s hands were knitted together so tightly that but for her lack of flesh, she would have harmed herself.
The last coven of dead witches watched Erin Solstice hesitate after the second ghost. Had she figured it out? Califor herself didn’t know what Somillune and the others wanted Erin to learn.
She suspected…but their craft ran deep. They were [Witches] who had become archetypes of their kind, so close to magic and craft that they were like Belavierr. Some had even been feared for what they did in their time. They were beyond her in every way…
