8.22 HE
Page 16
“I see, First Crafter. Empress Nsiia is a guest of the nation, a prisoner of war. She will be placed into custody with an escort—for her safety. The adventurer, Ksmvr, I believe, too.”
The arguing crowd was interrupted by the angry woman.
“Femithain! Have you gone mad?”
He turned to her. She was gesturing to Ksmvr. The Magus-Crafter’s voice was cold.
“Have you? You destroyed Domehead, Nsiia. What…what possessed you? The Golem was modeled after you.”
“I did not destroy its heart, as you said. Look around you, Femithain. This madness! Will you not arrest the First Crafter and these fools for nearly slaughtering an innocent adventurer?”
“Innocent? He killed the Golems here! Hammera—”
Nsiia spun, and someone fell silent. Femithain hesitated.
“There will be a trial. Judgment for all parties responsible. This is a disgrace.”
All those around him—the blurry, fading shapes—looked worried. Ksmvr tried to smile. However, the [Empress]’ fury wasn’t diminished at all. They stepped closer, voices growing quieter as the crowd was forced back—but more intense.
“Nsiia. I believe it would be best if you removed yourself. With the adventurer. I…cannot…contain my emotions towards you at this moment.”
Her voice was wrathful.
“Your emotions. Look around you, Femithain. Look at what these fools did!”
“I am aware of their incredible display of—punishment will be administered.”
She shook her head; he did not understand.
“That is not the problem. This would not have happened. These idiots would not have defied you, ignored your direct orders, not if you ruled them. Look at how they kneel before the Golems when there are dead people, criminal or not—lying on the sands.”
She pointed furiously at Ksmvr. Femithain turned; Ksmvr tried to wave at him and ask if his vision should be turning on and off every second. A furry thing was also on his chest. Nsiia hissed.
“They are children! Little bullies whose pride could not bear one true insult from this warrior’s lips! Surprised when a victim fought back!”
Her contempt knew no bounds. Ksmvr felt, hazily, that there were good points here, and he would like to listen and participate—but could he have another healing potion, please? And maybe a [Healer]?
Femithain’s head lowered, but not out of shame. He regarded Nsiia. His voice was…more dispassionate. Not without passion, but with it carefully controlled. Disappointment was what Ksmvr heard in his tones.
“Illivere cares for Golems as much as people. Perhaps too much, Empress Nsiia. But if we are at fault—and we are—what of you?”
“You would reproach me for saving a life over a thing, even if it were precious?”
She scoffed. Femithain’s voice grew colder. Harsher.
“You could have stopped Domehead any number of ways. Do not obfuscate, please, Nsiia. You are a skilled [Warrior]. You could have damaged his legs, his arm—even protected the Antinium. You struck the dome on purpose. Was it to make your point? Or punish us?”
Her silence was long. At last, the woman looked away.
“It seems Illivere believes things are worth more than lives, in the end.”
She turned towards Ksmvr, and Femithain grabbed her. The two looked at each other. The Magus-Crafter spoke, his voice deceptively soft.
“Is there nothing in this world we can shatter that will hurt you, Empress Nsiia? You act as if only what breathes has value. What about the Spear of Tiqr? What about its crown, the palace, the nation itself? You are unkind. I thought better of you before this moment.”
“And I of you.”
Then she pulled away and bent towards Ksmvr. He let the world dwindle, then. Alive. He was…alive. That was all.
