8.22 HE
Page 11
My body is so weak. He only had a Worker’s body. Not even the ones of the other Hives. This—was not fair. Rather than being afraid, though…Ksmvr felt it rising in his chest.
He was getting—angry. Furious.
The Antinium did not hear the worried [Golem Artificers] and handlers calling for Domehead to stop. That last attack had frightened them, brought them to their senses. They did not want to murder an actual Gold-rank.
Much less someone on television. They were trying to order Domehead, use the spells to call him back.
However, his inner command spells were broken. He was running on his secondary mind.
Domehead could still hear. However, all he heard was the audience’s orders.
“Kill it! KILL IT.”
Illivere’s citizens were screaming at Domehead. So the Golem obeyed. It raised its fist, waiting, checking the Antinium as it advanced, seeing where it would dodge to.
Ksmvr didn’t move. His three hands were opening and closing. Then the Antinium looked up. One of his antennae had been torn. It hung by a thread from his head. He reached up—pulled it away. Looked at it. Tossed it down.
Green blood ran from his wounds. The [Skirmisher] looked up at Domehead. The Golem hesitated.
There was something off about the Antinium. Something in Domehead, a burgeoning understanding told him…
Ksmvr lifted his fists. He leapt at Domehead, crashing into the Golem’s chest.
Domehead barely moved. However, the lights in its head flashed furiously. If it was anything, in that split second, it was confused. This was not a sensible move. So why…?
It reacted instantly. The Golem swung a fist and Ksmvr dodged, kicking a knee. Then he jumped—a foot kicked Domehead’s ‘face’, hitting the crystal dome so hard Domehead sensed Ksmvr’s shell breaking. The Antinium grabbed hold of Domehead with one hand and punched.
His fist met the dome and his body cracked. His carapace was weaker than the enchanted glass.
Yet Domehead felt the impact. No danger. Even so, it was aware of the weakness. Domehead swung its body around. An uppercut caught Ksmvr—he lost his grip, went flying.
He landed and stood up, within seconds of falling. Domehead charged, but again—the Antinium jumped at him, rather than retreat. A bloody fist hammered Domehead’s face in the exact same spot. It left green in the impact.
Domehead hammered the Antinium down. However, it didn’t manage to stomp Ksmvr to paste. The Antinium whirled, leapt up. Struck at Domehead’s face again.
Futile? Domehead was aware of what the Antinium was trying to do. But the odds of success were remote. It was confused by the [Skirmisher] not seeking another weapon. Not retreating. It was being damaged by the exchanges.
Yet it kept fighting. Something odd flickered in Domehead’s understanding of the battle. Everything told the Golem that it was winning. Except for how the Antinium was behaving.
It was winning. How was it said again? Like a bug fighting a wall. That was the difference in their sizes and strengths. Domehead knocked Ksmvr down. Each blow sent the Antinium staggering, [Barkskin] the only thing keeping his body together.
The [Skirmisher] kept coming. He broke his fists on the same spot. He jumped, trailing blood. The enchanted crystal never so much as moved.
The Golem…was winning. With every move. Learning from the exchange of blows how to fight such a nimble enemy. Domehead could calculate victory.
If it were another Golem without the new understanding, it might have done better. For Domehead began to think. It began to know.
