8.22 HE
Page 43
Erin nodded, unable to say anything. She thought she knew of that next people. Now, she sat with Elucina and Velzi and knew them. When the third ghost came, he walked towards her as a man.
Wearing her face. Only, as if Erin had been a young man her age. He grinned, and the Djinni transformed again. A majestic cat with the face of a Human—a Garuda with six wings—
“Qin’tevf’al, right?”
Erin managed the name. The Djinni nodded regally.
“I greet you. Do you know what I am?”
“A Djinni?”
Erin squinted up at him. Elucina looked calm, but Velzi looked wary. The Djinni laughed, and showed her his wrists.
No shackles on either. He rose up, and Erin realized he had been showing her something. His power, perhaps; even other Djinni looked less vivid than he did, even colored by death.
“I am a Prince of Djinni, little girl. In my life, they knew me by many names. All terrible. They called me monster, demon of magic. Rightly so.”
He tapped his chest as some ghosts cried out. Ghosts he had killed—and there were too many to count. Qin’tevf’al ignored them all. This was his story. He leaned down, to talk to Erin once more, never holding one form more than a second or two.
“I remember we were free. Some here have striven against me, or seen my kind in chains and in wild chaos, endangering the world, waging mighty war. I cannot say we were perfect, but I have never wept for the countless dead. I am still burning with that desire for vengeance. Even now. Will you listen to it?”
He smiled and Erin nodded slowly, looking up at him. Even in his introduction, something in her chest stirred, pushing away at the easy way he almost bragged about the people he had killed. Nevertheless—she glanced at Elucina—they had both been slaves.
She listened. Qin’tevf’al might have been the best storyteller, and he left her with a message for his people. However, she did not invite him to stay, nor did it seem like he expected it. He left her unsettled, and she stopped a second until asking the next ghost to come forwards.
 
—-
 
Not all were good storytellers. Not all had good reasons. Yet for a while, the ghosts of the dead told her their stories.
Some she asked to stay. Some she made friends with. Some told her secrets they had been too ashamed to tell in life, gave her advice, wanted and not. Helpful or unhelpful. Some tried to spend their time simply teaching her things, rather than telling her their life.
She met monsters who pretended to be people, and people who had been called monsters. The [Witches] did not discern between things like good or evil. Just who had mattered, had stood at the pinnacle of what they were for one reason or another.
Erin tried to hold all the stories and knowledge in her mind and knew she never would. Even the ghosts struggled to keep up with it. But she listened.
She liked stories. More than that?
She liked people. Not everyone, but a good [Innkeeper] had her crowd. She spoke to them, making the same statement to all.
“I forget a lot of things. Names, faces, all kinds of stuff. I can’t promise you I’ll remember if I get to go back, either.”
Erin only rose when Califor came to find her.
“Erin. Something is happening at the coast. Follow me.”
The [Witch] beckoned and a crowd of ghosts, Gerial included, rose to their feet. How long it had been, the [Innkeeper] didn’t know. But she rose and followed Califor as quickly as she could.
That was how she heard him, and then saw him. A booming voice, filled with wrath.
