8.22 HE
Page 46
“They will not last long. An attempt may be made to bring them to Baleros, although it would put both continents in danger. Moreover, the Humans stubbornly refuse to leave, claiming their land is where they are strongest and where they wish to end it. I do not think they are necessarily wrong either. I thought Chandrar might be in the midst of being consumed. All of Izril is gone—save for pockets.”
“Pockets still? Where? With that one—the three-in-one, who could stop her?”
The Dragonlord grinned wearily.
“I wish I could answer you. My other task is to find the ghosts who know! I found ghosts fleeing the City of Graves, who told me the Walled City hurt that one and held her for nearly four hundred thousand seconds! But how is Chandrar—all of it—intact? This light…”
It seemed the ghosts had learned to keep time. Erin cheered as Xarkouth looked around.
“Whoo! They kicked Kasigna’s—I mean, that person’s butt? For four hundred thousand seconds? How long is that? Four months? ‘Scuse me. I sort of need to get forwards. That’s my umbrella. What’s a Dragonlord? Excuse…”
The Dragon’s eyes widened as he saw Erin, the living girl, amid the dead. He reeled back, fanning his wings.
“What is this?”
“This—is one of the few weapons left to use against them. Why we remain. The sword and umbrella she brought. Erin Solstice. Meet this ghost of Baleros.”
The First of Khelt nodded at Erin. Xarkouth dropped to all fours.
“A half-living ghost. We had precious few before the shadows grew…you. Girl. How did you do that?”
He glowered at Erin. She backed up; Xarkouth was many times her size. Erin hesitated, then folded her arms.
“I’m not ‘girl’. I’m Erin. Nice to meet you. Also, I was given the umbrella. I may have stolen the sword. But I’ll give it back.”
She stuck a hand out—and nearly up the Dragon’s left nostril. He recoiled, but gave her an impressed look, through the immediate irritation.
“This. This changes much. Tell me everything. Who this Human is—and how it came to be. We have time. I must return to Baleros and give this news.”
He glanced out into the darkness and shook his head.
“Something must be done. Although if there is a shield here…perhaps the Dragons must fly here? If we can hold them without their gaining strength forever, that is a victory of a kind! If only mortals didn’t die so damn much…”
The Dragon turned back to Erin. The other ghosts nodded, coming close to explain the extraordinary story. Xarkouth glanced at Erin. She found her heart beating. A Dragonlord? Another Dragon. She wanted to know his story.
If she could have asked Yderigrisel…well, the [Innkeeper] listened. To the ghosts talk. To stories. The [Witches] looked at her, wondering if she was ready to learn more.
Lessons and friendship in the land of the dead. For as long as safety lasted.
 
—-
 
The light shone down. The umbrella hurt the lost thing standing outside its radius. It looked at the glowing sword, and thought of Baleros, burning with thousands of Dragons, able to repel them.
If…frustration was a concept it had, surely the other five shared it. Yet the lost thing just watched Erin. Watched the ghosts confer, safe for now. It was getting harder to find more than scraps. So long as the strongholds remained, with all that power there, all the souls…
The light moved slightly. Every ghost in Chandrar looked up, worried the umbrella had suddenly malfunctioned, if that was possible. But no—the Giant and person who held the umbrella were still. So why had that glorious beam trembled suddenly? Because his arm had grown tired? No. He was a ghost. So why…?
