8.22 HE
Page 0

Ceria to Montressa: Alive. Find Pisces. Ksmvr. Yvlon. Can’t tell where. Teleported. Lost. Chandrar.
 
Chandrar. The desert continent? How had they gotten there? Where were they?
In the hours after the [Message] reached Montressa du Valeross, she tried to contact Ceria nearly three dozen times. She notified friends and family of the Horns, and [Scrying] spells were redirected; although only a dedicated [Diviner] had the range to do a mass-search from another continent away, let alone narrow in on a single person, even with their true names.
They knew, though. Chandrar. The search began again, with hope—certainty at least one of them was alive. That was an effort of days, though. Within seconds, within hours, the Horns of Hammerad—each one of them found themselves in a nation apart.
 
—-
 
Ksmvr stepped into the light. The dusty arena floor beneath his feet was scattered with fragments from past fights, however much it had been raked over, reformatted.
Detritus of fallen combatants. Sprays of torn armor. Bone bits, pieces of those who had fallen not quite cleaned away. The crowd roared as the terrified prisoners, criminals, were sent out as sport, to be destroyed for the amusement of those watching.
Was it ill-luck that he had been sent here? There were more dangerous places to be sent—like ten thousand feet straight up above the ground—or below it.
Or into the sea. All things considered, Ksmvr felt lucky. Still…he glanced down at the ground as the first gladiators entered. The prisoners screamed up at the crowd, the overseers of this arena.
“Stop! There’s an Antinium-thing! Take it! Stop! Don’t open the gates—”
Too late. No one saw him at first. Ksmvr bent. The bones of past gladiators…
Bones? He saw bits of torn metal, wood, ceramics, which he’d mistaken at first. The Antinium’s head slowly rose. They were bones. For a unique type of…
“Ah. That complicates things.”
The Antinium checked himself as the first Golem strode out of the waiting room to cheers from Illivere’s citizens.
 
—-
 
The Testings of the Golems had been a huge success, if only in the country. The Golem battles had established a champion.
Yet they continued, due to popular demand. Now, each Golem was being calibrated, from battles with each other to their intended purpose: as weapons of war.
Criminals had been procured, armed with a few weapons, to test the killing efficacy of the gladiators against them. The [Golem Artificers] loved their creations, and to test them against animals, ‘real life enemies’ like prisoners as if they were [Soldiers]…
It wasn’t a fair fight. Of course it wasn’t. The prisoners were underfed, barely had any armor on, and most weren’t dedicated [Warriors], just [Thieves] armed with rusted weapons.
Nsiia did not watch these Testings. She understood the mentality of the Golem’s creators; she just thought it was like a high-level [Warrior] bullying low-level ones to make them feel better, only with their creations as the proxy.
It was almost refreshing to see such mortal flaws in the odd culture of Illivere. So she did not watch, more pensively sunbathing on Femithain’s rooftop. The Crafter-Magus himself was hard at work, setting up more Domeheads now that the possibility of mass-manufacturing them existed.
Pet Golems, Sentience-class Golems…it was a good time for Golem-lovers. The Testings were just for the bloodthirsty citizens.
 
—-
 
At first, they didn’t even notice the Antinium standing there in the shadow of the cells. He watched, not dispassionately so much as coldly observing. Aware of the peril he was in.
