8.22 HE
Page 24
Until she saw two dozen bows trained on her chest. Her unarmored chest. Yvlon saw a friend’s face in a flash, frozen in ice. Slowly—she raised her arm and knelt. The [Guards] looked at each other as one shouted in a tremulous voice for someone—not them—to bind the [Prisoner]. And get reinforcements.
 
—-
 
Truth and lies. Yes, she surrendered at once. No, she did not murder a [Bandit Lady] with her teeth and then break free of eight magical chains like some Djinni of legends! She did break through four magical, Skill-binding shackles, but…she couldn’t explain that. She knew she wasn’t that strong, even with her arm!
However, the upshot was that by the time Yvlon rolled into Caardefelt, it was with no less than eighteen [Guards] riding by her wagon, aiming bows at her, the other [Bandits] having been evacuated to ‘safer’ transports.
It was then Yvlon realized she was not improving her situation each time she lost her temper. She was escorted from the wagon literally bound hand-and-foot, with all the backup handcuffs and so on the [Guards] had—as well as rope and leather cords.
Something about the bindings felt…off. Yvlon kept staring at the metal chains around her good arm—bound uncomfortably to her torso. She kept getting the feeling she could snap the metal almost more easily than the rawhide cord.
She didn’t have time to process the oddity, though. As the prisoners were herded off the wagons, a Stitchman strode up to them.
“Desais Cotton. [Weaver-Chancellor]. Why was I summoned?”
Normally, one did not go as far as to demand the [Weaver-Chancellor] of a city-state of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, let alone one as large as Caardefelt for anything as minor as processing prisoners.
It seemed a [Bandit Lady] as famous as Merr…and Yvlon…were the reasons for this. The woman listened impatiently, then glanced at Yvlon.
“Did you say—eight—with her teeth..?”
The problem with truth spells was that you had to use them. Yvlon tried to speak, but they’d gagged her. She looked uneasily at the lined-up prisoners. What was going to happen now?
She almost expected someone to make a break for it, [Guards] or not, like the [Thief], who kept staring at Yvlon as if she were a Creler. However, no one was that stupid. They stood in one of the large squares in Nerrhavia Fallen’s cities.
Yvlon looked up and saw…well. A city.
Invrisil, City of Adventurers was a sprawling metropolis by Izril’s standards. Pallass was a Walled City from old days, with walls matched by none.
Caardefelt was not as vast as Invrisil. Nor as tall as Pallass. However, its walls were forty feet high and thick as any Drake city’s, made of old, old sandstone or some other material as dusty as the landscape.
The buildings had the same coloration, stone structures that rose up many levels, so that there were walkways higher up. Invrisil had yet to build as high, whereas these structures, this city, was ancient.
Ten thousand Stitchfolk crisscrossed the streets beyond, wearing protective clothing against the heat and dust, talking, trading in the open bazaars, or heading deeper into the city, where vast buildings kept some places in welcome shade despite the rising sun. And that was all of what Yvlon could see from her position in the paved streets.
Even as she looked up, she saw a glittering being flying overhead, bearing some large object through the skies with ease. For a second, Yvlon saw the half-avian, half-mist being from overhead. She saw the bored face, the magic leaking from every aspect of the Djinni—
And the shackles on both arms and legs. Like hers.
