8.22 HE
Page 44
“I have flown the world across, defying the grip of shades to search for hope amid darkness. I will not be turned back, not by all the petty little ghosts of Chandrar! Move aside, you animated corpses!”
There was only one kind of person who had a tone that imperious and commanding. A Lyonette-kind of person.
That turned out to be a gigantic, hovering Dragon in the air, just inside the radius of light cast by the umbrella. Behind him roiled the dark shadows, squirming to get at the ghost.
Yet he did not fully enter Chandrar; walls of sand blocked him. The Dynasty of Khelt was facing off against the Dragon.
“Uh. Why are they stopping him?”
Half the ghosts looked at Erin as if she were a fool. Elucina whispered in her ear.
“Because he is a Dragon. Chandrar suffers no Dragons.”
“…Why?”
No one had time to explain. The enmity between Chandrarian rulers and Dragons ran deep. However, it seemed even the Dynasty of Khelt wasn’t actually trying to push said Dragon out into the sea where he might be consumed.
Something stood there. Erin shuddered as she saw one of the six, the…thing with no discernible features, the lost thing, waiting there. The Dragon flapped forwards.
“Let me in, and explain this light, ghosts.”
“Ask, Dragon. We are dead! Humble yourself one iota and but ask to enter Chandrar!”
The furious rulers of Khelt shouted at him. The Dragon snorted plumes of purple fire tinged with…Erin blinked. Transparent fire? It was a wondrous color, even in death. And his scales! They were beautiful! Not one color. More like…space itself. She stared up at him, a being bigger than Yderigrisel, majestic, as awe-inspiring as the greatest of Djinni or Giants.
…And sort of rude. The Void Dragon bellowed a reply.
“I am the last Dragonlord of Stars and I will not supplicate myself to any mortal ruler there was or ever has been! Enough of this!”
He blew flames, trying to break Khelt’s walls of sand, and then flew at them. He had probably forgotten that he was a ghost and these walls of Khelt’s power in death were more solid than actual walls would have been in life. Erin could swear she heard an ‘ugrhf’ sound as he smacked into the sand.
A lot of ghosts laughed at him, mocking the Dragon. The enraged ghost flew higher, roaring his fury. But the sand just blocked him, forming an aerial shield. They might have done this forever had Califor and the [Witches] not strode forwards.
“Enough! The end of the world draws nigh and we waste time on supremacy? Let him in!”
The Dynasty of Khelt hesitated, but then reluctantly lowered their hands. The Dragon landed, wings spread, as ghosts scattered. He whirled—but the lost thing never advanced.
It feared the sunlight. And the glowing sword held up by the ruler chosen to wield it for the moment—the first [King] of a place called Tiqr. The Dragonlord huffed.
“Across the sea it chased me. Two of my kin no less great than I flew, breathing fire which still burns them—and yet they were lost. Consumed. How is it that mere sunlight can hold them off?”
“It is more than a seeming. It is sunlight from the land of the living. Or a memory as strong as Dragonfire. Well met, Dragonlord of the Stars. I am Somillune, the Witch of Ash. I greet you along with the ghosts of Chandrar past. How are you named?”
Somillune walked forwards as the ghosts clamored. The Witch of Ashes raised her hand and tipped her hat. She did not kneel or bow.
The Dragon glowered at her—then seemed to recognize her hat or power. He grunted.
