8.22 HE
Page 40
But [Witches] were [Witches]. Califor refused to ask. Also, they loved lessons like these, where you ended up teaching yourself. So the [Witch] waited. She saw Erin pointing uncertainly at a floating Djinni. A good choice; she had to learn their history, as much as the Rebel of String. If anything, the Sage of a Hundred Thousand Secrets had been the weak choice.
However, Erin Solstice hesitated as the Djinni floated over, smiling and shifting to look like a Human like her, only male. She held up a hand and turned to one of the [Witches]. The Drowned Witch.
“Hold on. Can I get a second?”
 
—-
 
“A second?”
The Drowned Witch, Barsoijou, growled at Erin. She looked offended by the question. The [Innkeeper] nodded, a touch uncertainly.
Something was wrong. She felt it.
“I just need a second. Can’t we stop the count? Gerial?”
The man broke off from his laborious counting to ten thousand with relief. The Drowned Witch glared so hard he began again, hurriedly speeding up.
“The six could overrun Chandrar for all its protections and end this façade of peace, girl. Each second you waste arguing is a second lost! Here stand before you a hundred legends and myths from the whole of Chandrar’s time! And you would waste more time on a single one?”
All the witches were so mean. Erin huffed, and put her hands on her hips.
“Look, I know you’re right!”
The Drowned Witch hesitated, mouth open. She hadn’t expected Erin to say that. The [Innkeeper] went on hurriedly.
“You’re right! But…something’s off. I’m sorry, excuse me. This is part of your lesson, isn’t it?”
The Drowned Witch paused, and her eyes flickered. Erin didn’t miss the way her lips twitched as she turned her head. The [Innkeeper] blinked—then smiled herself. She felt more sure suddenly, and whirled to face the third ghost coming her way.
The Djinni floating her way was aware his time was already running out. He drew himself up proudly, and the boy grew in size until he was a giant with flashing eyes like clouds, arrayed in silks worthy of any Chandrarian [King]. Then his body began to twist into a more fantastical shape based on the humanoid form. His voice boomed.
“My name is Qin’tevf’al, and I am—”
“I’m sorry, give me one second!”
Erin ran past him, waving her arms frantically in apology. The massive Djinni cut off in the middle of his introduction and stood there, looking rather confused.
The [Innkeeper] ran into the crowd of ghosts, calling out, running through some people which was rude, but she was in a hurry. She shouted.
“Excuse me! Has anyone seen the Sage of a Thousand Things? Or whatever? The guy with the really long robe? Can anyone point me to—”
She found him walking away from her, job done. He looked backwards, surprised.
“Erin Solstice. Is something wrong? I was told time was of the essence—”
“It probably is. [Witches] are always correct and stuff. But they’re not always right. Especially when they’re being cunning jerks to you. Come back! I need to ask you something!”
She tugged him back to the place they had been. Erin saw the Rebel of String returning too, shepherded…by the Drowned Witch. The woman grinned and tipped her hat to Erin. The [Innkeeper] could swear she saw an eye wink.
“What can I offer you?”
The [Sage] stood there, looking…well, lost. Grand as could be with his cloak and levels, which exceeded many of the ghosts. He was in the 0.000001%, even here, or something, Erin was sure.
However, that wasn’t what he looked like. She looked at him, not the ghost who had been changing to reflect his story of his grandeur in life. Now? He looked…lost.
