8.22 HE
Page 13
He saw a foot in front of him and looked up. The armored body, the Golem made of metal…Domehead, stood over him, intact arm raised.
The Antinium went still. His flickering mind became clear again. He realized he was out of time. He looked up and saw Domehead. It had fought like a person. Did it…have a mind?
They had fought, two warriors created by the greatest minds of their people. Two machines, designed to improve. Learning to improve themselves.
The younger one looked down on the older. The Antinium stared up, mandibles moving without making actual sound. Ksmvr felt—a bit bitter.
If he’d had one more weapon. Two more levels…
More time. A second to sleep. Ksmvr looked up and stared into the flashing crystals of the Golem’s face. He murmured, from one learning machine to another. Was this what Ksmvr had been like, before he met the Horns?
“Well done.”
The shadow fell over his head. Ksmvr waited, staring up at those beautiful lights.
 
—-
 
The audience of Illivere saw the end of the duel and screamed their triumph. Only a few realized the implications of what was happening. Now, [Golem Artificers] were trying to enter the Testing Grounds themselves, to deactivate Domehead before it was too late.
Too late. They should have stopped it before it even began. A voice filled with anger and frustration screamed from halfway down the stadium’s seating. He cried out to his creation, but his voice was lost amid the thunder of voices.
“Stop!”
Magus-Crafter Femithain bellowed at Domehead. He was too far away, though, and even as he fought to shove oblivious citizens aside, they knocked him backwards, not caring who he was, only intent on watching. Femithain lifted his wand—and lowered it, realizing he’d been about to attack his own citizens! He ground his teeth, furious, but unable to fight forwards. He was no [Warrior].
She was.
A figure burst through a throng of people pressed together, on their feet, pushing to see. A [Warrior]—a woman—an [Empress] leapt, knocking citizens of Illivere aside with wild strength.
Nsiia of Tiqr. Like a beast herself, she leapt, from all fours to two legs, knocking people aside, using the arena’s seats and even the crowd to launch herself closer. Femithain saw her approaching the glittering magical boundary of the Testing Grounds. She wouldn’t make it through, though. Not without—
The Magus-Crafter touched a bracelet hanging from his wrist, and one of the runes attached to it flashed. The [Empress of Beasts] saw the magic fade and leapt.
Nsiia landed in the arena as the Antinium fell. Domehead was striding forwards, raising its arm.
“Domehead! Enough!”
The [Empress of Beasts] shouted, raising her hand. She began to run forwards, and the Golem whirled.
Domehead’s arm raised to attack the second combatant—then it recognized Nsiia. It hesitated, recalling other commands made by its creator.
Nsiia. Protect. Observe. Learn.
She had taught it how to use its hands. Domehead did not attack her. It turned back to Ksmvr. The shouting from the crowd hadn’t died down, and it echoed Domehead’s simple thoughts.
“Kill it.”
It did not see the Antinium looking up at it, unable to dodge. All Domehead saw was danger. Death. Destruction!
“Domehead, stand down! The Antinium can no longer fight! He is an adventurer! Enough!”
Nsiia shouted. She saw something on the ground and snatched it up as she ran, skidding in front of Ksmvr and Domehead. The Golem ignored her, raising its arm for a blow until it saw the [Empress] standing there.
