8.22 HE
Page 45
“Witches. At last, some sense among Chandrar’s pigheaded lot. We thought you were all fallen long ago without our Dragonfire. I am Dragonlord of the Stars, Xarkouth. Last of the Dragonlords of Void Dragons. Soon to be among the last of my kind. Again.”
His wings folded. He looked…tired. The Dragon exhaled as the Dynasty of Khelt and leaders of ghosts came forwards. Erin hopped on her tip-toes—then realized she could just fly up and watch.
“Where do you hail from, Xarkouth?”
“Baleros. I have flown across the sea. I am a volunteer—a scout. Nine of my kin flew after we set two of those things to flight—one of them being that one.”
The Dragon growled, indicating the watching thing with a wary flap of the wings. The ghosts murmured.
“Baleros still stands, then?”
The Dragon laughed in the face of the First of Khelt, who faced him down, glowering, as with many nations who had fought off Dragons in their lifetimes.
“Of course it does! How could it not? Every Dragon that has ever been has gone to Baleros to make a stand! Only those with ties to hearth and home elsewhere remained! We never joined your damned land of Chandrar, even the ones who died. We have been fighting off the six and the lesser shades since they grew in strength! Though…”
He sobered.
“It grows harder each time. And when that woman comes, we perish. So nine of us volunteered to search for other ghosts, that we might make a stand together.”
The ghosts murmured, impressed. Only a Dragon, still able to breathe fire because it was part of them, could hope to make the journey. Erin remembered Califor and her flight across the ocean with Izrilian ghosts.
“We know Izril has fallen. Do you have news beyond Baleros?”
Xarkouth nodded, and some of his bravado faded. He turned somber. He was not fond of the ghosts, nor they of him, but he spoke, as one did to allies against a greater enemy.
“Yes. Terandria stands. Drath stands, or so we think. I searched for the House of Minos—nothing amid shadows. Nor under the sea, I fear. Strongholds are falling, but those that remain grow stronger as ghosts flee there.”
“Terandria stands?”
Some ghosts called out, heartened. Somillune turned to the other [Witches] and ghosts.
“How can Terandria stand without Dragonfire?”
The Dragonlord raised his head and called to the ghosts of Chandrar.
“With the weight of all its rulers! Take heart, ghosts! The enemy comes relentlessly, but they are not strong enough to withstand combined Dragonfire. Not yet. Baleros—even Wistram is protected by power in death! Terandria? The bearded one walked there to claim it. I am told a thousand [Kings] and [Princes] met him in battle.”
Someone scoffed. The Djinni, Qin.
“What battle could ghosts give without weapons, Dragon?”
Xarkouth snorted smoke and flame at him.
“Enough! With pride, with the weight of their land against them—a thousand of Terandria’s royalty fought that one, though I know not how. What I do know is this: they drove him back. Injured. Enough to buy time. At dear cost, but every monarch ever living in Terandria holds its shores.”
More astonishment. Erin looked at Califor. This was good, right? The Dragonlord was muttering, quieter, as she edged forwards.
“‘Scuse me. ‘Scuse me.”
She heard him whisper to the [Witches] and closest rulers.
