8.22 HE
Page 5
It insulted Ksmvr. It had six arms, as if that made it better, and it was a whirl of blades. The people of Illivere were cheering, as it pursued the [Skirmisher] in a hit-and-run battle.
“Kill it! Kill it!”
The Golem’s handlers were watching. Ksmvr reflected that this may have been his fault. His insult had not been calculated; rather than unnerve, it had provoked.
The consequence was this: the Golem was trying to kill him. In theory, the handlers might order it to stop once it had ‘won’.
Ksmvr wasn’t willing to take that risk. Like a mob of angry children…or Golem fanatics, the crowd was now out for his blood.
It dripped onto the arena’s floor, green. The audience cheered as Haliclaw scored another narrow blow, but even the enchanted metal couldn’t easily destroy a carapace enhanced by [Barkskin]. Moreover, the cheering had a desperate edge. Vindictive, but also uncertain, so louder and more desperate because of it.
Ksmvr slid under the guard and slashed at last. His Flamecoat Dagger struck the whirling arms and half the Golem burst into flame. It kept coming, but the flames interrupted whatever vision it had. It began to slow, uncertain of its target.
“No, no, stop—”
Ksmvr heard the myriad voices pleading for him to stop. He did not. He leapt onto the back of the Golem and fired three crossbows straight into the armor.
He hit the Golem’s heart and the creation fell. The audience screamed as if he were killing actual heroes—or children. Ksmvr straightened, panting.
Seven Golems lay dead already. This last fight had taken nearly fifteen minutes. He gulped his last stamina potion and tried to raise his voice.
“This is pointless. I am a Gold-rank adventurer—you are in defiance of the Adventurer Guild l—”
The roar of anger drowned him out. Seven Golems? All killed by one Gold-rank?
This went beyond just loving Golems. This was the pride of each state of the Illivere Federation, carelessly trampled by Ksmvr. It would be one thing if a Golem did it. But a single Gold-rank?
He had to be defeated. The [Golem Artificers] in the back of the arena ignored the Magus-Crafter and other orders coming in to stop. They had to see the Antinium bleed.
 
—-
 
Femithain and Nsiia clung to the coach as the Golem-horse raced across the ground at top speed. Femithain felt like he would lose his glasses if he didn’t hang onto them. This was far beyond normal speed. He kept sending orders, but he was watching the broadcast.
It was local on Illivere’s channels, but Nerrhavia’s Wonders—their channel—had already begun to pick up on what was happening.
Someone from Wistram was hammering him with a [Message] a second. Femithain ignored it all.
“I will revoke the Licenses of Creation for every [Golem Artificer] participating! Desist at once!”
Too late. Femithain saw the gates open and the Antinium turn warily, sensing something.
The crowd’s cheering drowned out everything as Nsiia perched, eyes narrowed, looking ahead as they sped across the ground. She looked back as she heard him curse. Her heart began to beat with…anger.
This was not a game. How dare they?
 
—-
 
Thump.
Ksmvr heard the pounding footstep that quieted the arena for a moment. The audience held its breath. They knew what was coming next.
A clanging impact. A horrible blow to one of the walls. It was followed by a growing sound. An inhuman roar of noise.
