8.22 HE
Page 7
Ksmvr gave up as Hammera came at him. They weren’t being logical. He ran, keeping ahead of Hammera as it chased him. At least she was too slow to…
Logical. Ksmvr had a sudden thought. He looked back at Hammera. At the glimmering mage-walls of the arena, forming a complete barrier hemming him in. He had no real footholds but the walls to keep jumping from.
Hammera was too fast. Too strong. However…she was still a Golem. An Antinium Worker was more creative than her. Ksmvr halted. He felt in his belt pouch. He was almost out of everything. A single healing potion, a quarter left, a few magical items—
If he’d had a single acid jar, he would have tossed that, but he’d used them on the Liches. Still—Ksmvr found the item he was looking for and sighed.
“Excellent.”
The [Spiderweb] Scroll in hand, he turned. Hammera charged. Ksmvr estimated the spell might actually slow it…for about two seconds, if she didn’t tear through it on momentum alone. The carved head of the female Golem was tracking him. It turned up as Ksmvr jumped.
Past the jeering faces who recoiled. Higher, higher, above the arena’s participants in the lowest row—but not too high. Ksmvr saw them recoil before they remembered the magical walls.
Well, good for them. He saw Hammera’s weapon rising. Ksmvr waited until he was just over the tip of its swinging arc—then he cast the spell.
“[Spiderweb]!”
The magical bindings of sticky silk emerged, wrapping around its target.
Him.
The webs lashed Ksmvr to the wall and magical barrier. He was stuck, like a literal bug in a web. The audience stared. Then laughed as Hammera charged him. The weapon rose—
And thudded into the wall right below Ksmvr. He saw it rise, strike—another place right below his foot.
The Antinium’s mandibles opened in a smirk. He was right!
Golems might be programmed with many attack routines, but none of the gladiator’s creators had anticipated an enemy might just hide. There was no ‘jump and swing’ routine in Hammera.
She began to smack the wall, furiously attacking the area right below Ksmvr. He happily pulled his crossbows out and the last two enchanted bolts he carried. Let’s see…
“Hammera! Stop! Return! Return!”
The handlers realized what Ksmvr was doing too late. They shouted and Hammera’s head swiveled. She began to march back to the gates as the audience shouted.
Too late.
Ironically, if the handlers hadn’t recalled her, her dodge-routines might have saved her. Instead, she presented her back to Ksmvr as she marched back. He took aim, maneuvering to half-crouch in his cocoon of webs, his improvised perch.
“Hello, my free levels. Goodbye. Blame your insufficient creation. [Weapon Art – Aggregate Volley]!”
Three crossbows fired. Even Ksmvr had no idea what would happen as the Skill activ—
 
—-
 
Femithain saw the Skill activate as he cried out. Hammera, glorious Hammera—didn’t deserve this. It was too late. He cursed their hubris as the Antinium’s weapons glowed.
Three crossbows, one per hand. All fired in a single sound. Two glowing bolts, one steel-tipped.
However, it seemed to Femithain that the image of Ksmvr firing was just…translucent. Superimposed with another, of him firing from a slightly different angle with three more crossbows. Then—him firing one more crossbow and aiming a bow.
Four Ksmvrs, each holding ranged weapons, loosed in unison.
[Aggregate Volley].
Eleven projectiles hit Hammera in almost the same spot in the back. [Piercing Strikes], combined with [Power Shot]. Femithain nearly covered his eyes as the single volley did what only one other force had ever done.
