8.22 HE
Page 41
“I forgot to ask you something important.”
“Then, if it is a recipe or secret, ask and I will…”
“What’s your name?”
The [Sage] hesitated. He glanced over his shoulder at the Rebel of String and Djinni, both of whom looked mystified. He replied to Erin.
“As I said, Erin Solstice. I omitted it as my choice. It should be lost, as my hubris—”
“Can’t you tell me? I’d like to know.”
Erin pressed him. The [Sage] looked rather put out about his grand gesture of anonymity being called into question.
“I…what purpose would it solve? My name is no doubt written down despite the passage of time. You need not know it, however. Compared to the secret of—to create a Potion of Age’s Reversal, you begin with Sage’s Grass, and infuse it with a potent dust of bones. To be precise, the bones of any creature that has lived over a hundred years, other qualities rendered inert. And then you—”
Erin put a finger to his lips.
“Shush. I don’t care about that. Listen. Won’t you tell me your name? You don’t want it remembered because you think you messed up. I know. You said that. But…don’t you want someone to write it down? To tell your story again and say—‘he made mistakes, but he did make Sage’s Grass?’ So I can say I met you, instead of the Hundredfold Thousand Secret-guy?”
The [Sage] looked more offended with each sentence, but he wavered. He spoke, with some effort.
“How would it help you, though?”
To that, the [Innkeeper] only laughed. She laughed, as the [Witches] began to smile. At the silly [Sage].
“I don’t know! That’s not the point! I just…don’t want to meet you and not know your name. What’s the point of that? If I meet every legend in this world and learn their stories, who cares? I’d rather—make a friend.”
Her eyes widened as she said that. In that space in time, Erin knew that was what was missing. Of course.
She was no [Bard]. No [Storyteller], or [Historian] whose job it was to tell a story properly, with all facts accounted for or the greatest gravitas and delivery. Erin never told stories like that. She told you about the time Mrsha got so mad at sniffing-Pisces that she dumped food coloring in his laundry and he wore brown underwear.
Like Lyonette—Erin told stories about her friends. She looked at the lonely [Sage], consumed with guilt countless years after his death. She was far more interested with that, with the cares of the dead, than the mere facts about how he had lived.
The Sage of a Hundred Thousand Secrets looked at Erin. She saw him blink a few times, then, despite himself, smile. He sighed. Then leaned in close and whispered in her ear.
“They called me Velzimri. So did I, when I was older. But my real name was just Velzi. I added the rest to sound more majestic.”
Erin laughed and clapped her hands together. She took the [Sage] and bade him sit. Then waved the others over.
“Why don’t you sit with me as I listen, Velzi? Can I call you that? Want some french fries?”
“…Are they some kind of alchemical ingredient? I couldn’t tell what they were on first glance. I am a [Sage]. That is disquieting.”
Velzimri eyed the McDonalds french fries, which were a bit off from even normal fried potatoes. He looked around at the waiting ghosts.
“You cannot spend all the time with me, Erin Solstice…”
“I know that. That doesn’t mean you have to leave. Elucina! I had a question for you, too. I’m sorry Mister…?”
She looked up at the Djinni. He boomed.
“Qin’tevf’al.”
Erin’s mouth moved for a few seconds.
“Sorry…Qin? I just have to ask one thing…do you want fries?”
