8.22 HE
Page 25
This was a city of Chandrar. Of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. It had a population to dwarf that of Celum’s, rivaling even one of the largest cities in Izril.
It wasn’t even the capital. The [Weaver-Chancellor] completed her listening and stepped back. She glanced at Merr—then focused on Yvlon. And at last, someone recognized her. The woman eyed Yvlon’s arm, did a double-take, locked onto her hair, and rounded on one of the [Guards].
“You sand-blasted fools without eyes! Do I need to have each one of you report to a [Stitchmistress] to have your pupils resewn? Do you know who you’ve just brought into my city? Has not one of you looked at a scrying orb?”
She pointed at Yvlon. The [Guards] looked at each other, a bit hurt and confused. They were tired, they’d been on the road escorting this prisoner train all across Nerrhavia for the last two days—who had the time or money to look at a scrying orb?
The [Chancellor] looked at Yvlon, then beckoned her forwards. Two [Guards] warily watched Yvlon as her gag was undone. The first thing Yvlon did was cough. Then spoke.
“You know who I am?”
“Yvlon Byres of the Horns of Hammerad, or may I pluck out my eyes and return them as worthless pieces of cloth.”
Desais Cotton spoke crisply. Yvlon exhaled. At last. She nodded, smiling.
“That’s right. I’m innocent. I was falsely accused by a Magistrate—Ducaz—who abducted me and—”
Desais blinked rapidly as Yvlon tried to speak. She opened her mouth, lifted a hand.
“Stop!”
Yvlon’s flow of words halted, via some Skill. The [Chancellor] looked at her and had to step back.
“Someone find me her records.”
She pressed two fingers delicately to the bridge of her nose. Yvlon saw her sigh, with the realization of someone who finds that their normal, boring work day has suddenly developed the kind of complication that might take weeks to sort out.
Yvlon had little sympathy. She’d been having a bad day.
 
—-
 
“Did you kill…let us say, over eight [Guards] and over twenty—no. For the sake of simplicity, let us ask this: did you kill anyone in the alleged incident as it occurred two days prior in your recollections?”
Yvlon Byres listened carefully as the small circle stood in the street. She watched the stone.
“No.”
It glowed…orange. Desais Cotton eyed it as the [Guards] murmured, looking at Yvlon.
“You aren’t certain.”
“I am!”
Orange again. Yvlon bit her tongue.
“I was…in the middle of a [Berserker’s Rage]. It—I can’t remember fully, but I am almost certain no one was killed.”
The orange shifted towards blue. Desais frowned, although the mention of [Berserker’s Rage] made a few more hands go to their swords.
“For clarity, then. You do recall injuring over fifty [Guards] in a city-wide battle?”
“It wasn’t city-wide. And it wasn’t—”
“Do you recall injuring [Guards] of Nerrhavia’s Fallen?”
“…Yes.”
Pure blue, edging towards white. Desais sighed and closed her eyes. Yvlon worked her mouth.
“—Because that Magistrate—”
“Yes, Magistrate Ducaz, of whom you have made claims of kidnapping, extortion/blackmail, threats against your life and that of your team, theft. I am noting this down again. You say he has possession of your gear and relic-class items?”
Yvlon nodded. The stone didn’t glow since there was nothing said. Desais looked at it pointedly.
“He took my gear.”
Blue. Not as vividly white, but blue nonetheless. Desais glanced at a harried [Scribe].
“Look into this. Ducaz did register a number of artifacts after your arrest. However—no relic-class items. Which, if he is concealing them…”
