8.22 HE
Page 1
The Golems came out, three of them with kill-orders in their programming. Each one was one of the gladiators.
One Golem was from Unst, squat, armed with a spear and shield. It rotated on its torso, and spat oil at the terrified [Merchant], who loosed a crossbow bolt—and missed. He had no idea how to properly reload it. As he tried, the oil hit him.
The man knew what was coming and tossed his crossbow aside. He ran, screaming—too late. The magical gout of flame caught him and he turned into a flailing, wailing ball of fire which quickly fell and died.
The crowd cheered as the Golem rotated, searching for a new target. Another was using a rapier created for it, stabbing in a flurry at a [Mercenary] who tried to grimly block and roll—before he was caught by another Golem who diced him with eight limbs of cutting blades before hammering his dead body with a club in its single, oversized limb on the other side.
These were the repaired losers of the Testings. Each one defeated—and for good reason. The Golem with the club on one side and daggers on the other was unbalanced despite the best efforts of its creators. Magical fire and the spear didn’t stop the heaviest Golems like Hammera.
The rapier Golem just sucked. It had been inspired by the King of Duels, but it was fighting on a program, not with the sheer inspiration of a true fencer—and it was holding a copy of a rapier, scaled up, not the precise, balanced instrument.
As Nsiia had once observed, [Golem Artificers] sometimes followed the most fun idea, not the most practical.
The crowd loved it. They had no pity for the prisoners, each one a criminal who had earned their death sentence by repeated actions or terrible ones. The Golems were their heroes, and the citizens of each respective state cheered their Golem on the hardest.
Rejects they might have been, imperfect, flawed—but three versus even seven times their number was not a fair fight. Ksmvr watched the [Bandit] fleeing the spear-wielding Golem, screaming.
“Stop! The Ant—”
He died as the rapier-Golem sprayed him with what looked like little projectiles of some kind. Ah—magic bolts.
“Observed.”
Ksmvr felt pity for the prisoners who had to stay in the open as the collars forced them forwards. However, he had to see.
He was still disoriented from the spell. He still saw Yvlon. He still felt himself trying to hold on—and losing her.
She had lost her arm. She needed him to help her! Ksmvr had lost an arm before. It was not fun.
He had failed them. Ksmvr had watched the Horns killed by the half-Elf. Tolveilouka. He had tried to stop the monster, but his weapons had sunk into its body.
The [Skirmisher] couldn’t even touch the thing without being corrupted. He had tried to distract it, hurt it with all his artifacts and Skills and cunning.
He had failed. They had been healed, but the memory was burned into his mind.
I let go. I should have held on until my arms were torn away.
Ksmvr breathed in, and out, calmly. He would have given into that knowledge a day ago. That despair, the blame. But Ceria had told him this:
“If you stay, we stay. Get it right. Never say that again.”
He was their [Teammate]. Ksmvr would find them wherever they had gone. He could not die.
Yet he was in an arena, without his adventurer friends, and he was an Antinium, enemy to all. Ksmvr could have remained in the cells and taken his chances the Golems wouldn’t target him without the prisoner’s collar, letting the rest be cut down for sport.
He could have. Should have.
