8.22 HE
Page 28
“You are awake!”
The [Villager] boy exclaimed. The half-Elf had been passed out for over a day! The [Elder] thought she might not make it.
[Villager] and [Elder]. Catchall classes for a particular type of culture, just like [Peasant] was an actual class some people got in Terandria. The [Elder] was no [Healer], but he had a [Healer]’s Skills, and a mix of others.
A [Villager] was a community-class, stronger when there were more. If…only by a bit. It suited Nerhs, the village with nothing much. It was a humble place built in the lee of a hill, which survived in this arid region mostly because the buildings were inhabited and maintained by the people, who were here because the buildings were here.
The half-Elf finding them was one of the most exciting things to ever happen to the village. Which, given the unsettling stories of [Bandit] raids and monster attacks by other villages nearby, was just as well.
However, the boy, Luaar, was just excited she was in their house. His father, the [Village Head], had volunteered for the dubious honor because he had to. Luaar had been tasked with giving her some precious water, which there was little to spare. Nerhs was not rich, and the much more well-fed towns and cities Luaar dreamed of going to and settling in had water aplenty. Not so for the single well here, enough to sustain the small village.
He was ready to explain all of this to the blinking, blonde half-Elf who sat up, her remaining wounds tended to, her skeletal hand raised and aiming at him. He wanted to know her name! Would they be friends? She was clearly a [Mage]; would she teach him magic and start his career as an adventurer?
The boy had been playing out scenarios since the moment she’d collapsed. He began to speak, rapidly touching his chest.
“My name is Luaar. You are in Nerhs—you fell down right outside our village and we saved you from the scavengers! Are y—”
“Food!”
The half-Elf shouted. Luaar stared as she lunged, grabbed the plate he’d been carrying, and snatched it.
The glorious half-Elf stranger…grabbed the earthenware plate, saw the Yellats, and began to wolf them down like the starving Needlehounds who had been following her. Luaar stared as she crammed six of the root-vegetables with the spicy tang that grew everywhere into her mouth. Her bulging cheeks chipmunked to contain the food as she tried to swallow—then began to choke.
He slowly backed away from her, dreams ruined.
 
—-
 
Ceria was so hungry that she didn’t even notice the boy except to register him as a vague impression. She scarfed down whatever she was eating; it could have been bug paste for all she cared.
Only when that was done did she look around, blearily. Now her stomach and throat hurt. She saw a wide-eyed boy staring at her.
“Where am I?”
Luaar stared at the [Cryomancer].
“In Nerhs, my village. You—you are awake? I am Luaar, my father—”
Ceria slapped her hand to her head.
“Ceria to Montressa. Hello? Nerhs. Nerhs! Ceria to Pisces. Pisces? Where are you?”
She began firing [Message] spells off. However, she recalled she’d barely reached Montressa. Ceria pointed at Luaar, who was staring at this rude stranger.
“I’m in Chandrar, right?”
“Y-yes?”
“What part?”
Luaar stammered.
“Nerhs isn’t in a nation. We aren’t claimed, although sometimes—”
“Damn. No nation. Got any more food?”
“No. My name is Luaar—”
Ceria’s head hurt. Her stomach was trying to regurgitate so many Yellats downed at once. She looked around, gave up on the [Message] spell; she hoped the first one had gone through.
“Okay then.”
