8.22 HE
Page 37
The Sage of a Hundred Thousand Secrets did not prolong his story. In fact, Erin got the sense he had truncated it. He had a lesson in his story, too.
“A [Sage] should not have been so petty. I mastered all kinds of knowledge. I acquired power that few ever touched. However, I failed my class. I should have learned wisdom first. You hear of my hubris, how I chased wealth before friendship and anything else. I caution you: do not let that happen.”
Erin nodded.
“I won’t.”
She tried not to say that it wasn’t that likely because Erin never had a thousand gold pieces at any one time and this guy had tossed thousands of gold pieces down every time he tripped or something. Perhaps the [Sage] saw that in her because he smiled.
“Not an [Innkeeper]’s problem, I suspect. Yet it is the only story I can tell. I do not know what the [Witches] sought—but I hope it helps.”
Erin stumbled to reassure him, as sad as he looked.
“It does! Totally! It’s amazing to meet you! I know of your creation, of course. Um—they called you—wait, what was your name? I don’t know the ‘Sage of a Hundred Thousand’…but maybe you have a name? Octavia would know it, but she’s not here. I hope.”
Erin saw the man smile ruefully and raise a hand. He glanced to one side and Erin noticed something peculiar. Among the ghosts keeping her company, Gerial being one of them, the hundred ghosts had replaced the [Sage]. Exactly one ghost had joined their number, gestured to by the [Witches].
They wanted her to listen to another one. And to help them, Gerial was…doing his part. He was deliberately, slowly, and excruciatingly counting to ten thousand.
Apparently that was how long each ghost had, and the [Sage] was aware of it. He lifted a hand—Gerial was muttering.
“Nine thousand nine hundred and three, nine thousand nine hundred and four…”
It struck Erin as something that was downright evil for the [Witches] to make him do. Even poor Sisyphus or whomever the boulder-guy was in Greek legends didn’t have to count and start over. But Gerial was determined to do his part.
The [Sage] rose to his feet.
“I would rather, Erin, that my name be forgotten. As my story shows—I was not worthy of my class. Thank you for asking me my story. I believe you must continue, though.”
He stepped away. Erin raised a hand, then let it fall as she saw one of the [Witches] look at her. Confused—not sure if she had gained much from the story, but feeling bad for the man—she looked around and pointed at random.
She realized she’d pointed at a Stitch-Woman—her body wonderfully vivid, like a half-Elf’s but torn with her death-wounds. Even the other Stitchfolk looked in awe of her and Erin was curious to know her story.
But she wondered, as she stood up to introduce herself, what the [Witches] wanted her to get from this. Just stories?
 
—-
 
Like the first speaker, the second ghost did not waste time, having been told what to do. She leaned forwards, and showed Erin how she died.
Someone had blasted her apart. Literally. If she let it—two thirds of her head was gone, revealing ragged string and flesh and bone. As well as most of her chest.
However, if she willed it, she was also a beautiful, if war-scarred woman. For a String Person, that meant she was clearly repaired in places, sewn up, rather than scarred. She didn’t…look like a warrior like Relc.
That was to say, her build didn’t suggest that. She looked like she would be more suited dancing on a stage, like some celebrity-actress.
