8.23
Page 16
Run. It looked back and saw Venitra charge, snarling, furious. She swung her sword down with the same force that had once killed Ulrien. A killing blow, as fast as lightning with the [Haste] enchantment.
Toren raised his shield. The sword of bone struck the glass shield and—fractured. The glass cracked.
The entire world around Venitra, cracked. Lines of force splintered around her, tearing the ground, her body with the same force. Her blow, crisscrossing and duplicated dozens of times.
The bone woman reeled. Toren grinned. So that was what it did. He whirled.
“Thief!”
Kerash raised his axe. Toren swung his sword. They locked blades. His anti-light blade met Kerash’ weapon. Neither one broke, but the shockwave knocked both back a step. Toren saw Kerash whirl the weapon up and activated his helmet. The Wyvern-scale helmet seemed to flex and come alive for a second—
Then the [Skeleton Knight] exhaled a plume of magical fire that covered Kerash. The Gnoll Draugr howled as real pain engulfed his body. He swung his arms and Venitra, still staggering, flinched from the closest copy to the Dragon’s fire she had ever seen.
“Kerash! You—you thing! How dare you! [Chain Lightning]!”
Ijvani blasted Toren. Her spell hit Toren’s adamantium breastplate and bounced. Toren turned as the skeleton ducked the lightning bolts flashing back towards her. He stared left.
Bea touched his arm, and rot and pestilence invaded. Past armor. Transmitted by the air itself, and magic. She…stared at Toren.
The skeleton, fully-dead, stared back. He carefully raised the gauntlets on one arm, lined with crystal, and activated them. They exploded, the embedded crystal shards tearing through her. Bea screamed—then screamed again as he put the sword in her chest.
The world was humming as Toren whirled. He raised the glass shield and blocked another spell. The enchantment didn’t activate; it must only be for melee contact.
The Chosen stumbled away from Toren. Kerash, still burning, howled.
“Kill it! I burn! I feel pain!”
“Destroy it!”
Venitra screamed, her body fractured in places, but healing. Ijvani raised her staff uncertainly. Bea stepped back, gasping.
“He wounded me. Master’s body…”
The Chosen were around Toren, four versus one. The skeleton didn’t care. He opened his jaw, laughing at them.
“Stop…stop that. You are not allowed to mock us. We will kill you. Fear us.”
Ijvani sounded uncertain. Toren just looked past her, at Healing Slime.
The little slime, peeking around one of the grand, open passageways into the battleground. Watching the skeleton.
Devail, Wesixa, and Maviola all peeked in too. They saw the Chosen spread out, aware of the actual threat to them. Toren laughed at them. Then—he reached for his side and plucked the first glowing scroll from the bag of holding.
“You can’t use th—”
Venitra shouted before the first Tier 6 spell went off.
 
—-
 
Az’kerash was so preoccupied with his investigation, composing a lengthy apology to the ruler of Khelt and a request, bidding on the items from the Village of Death, that he only noticed the sixth tremor in the room and audio cue.
He glanced up.
“What is that…?”
The roar of a spell going off made the Necromancer refocus on the present. He began cutting puppet connections, moving them to places where he could leave them for a second. A Naga swept herself into a private restroom stall as more parts of Az’kerash refocused.
