8.23
Page 28
“Look, I’m not going to argue with you about math, Sammial. If you can’t do basic math, you’re not going to have a good time paying for things…let alone keeping a budget. That’s not the point. Remember our conversation about how you can’t push people around. Especially people like me?”
She gave him a meaningful look. Sammial hesitated.
“Yes, but—”
“—but it seems like you’re still doing it. Sometimes we have to do things we don’t like. Especially if it helps us out. What if these were…sword lessons and you refused to learn how to defend yourself?”
He thought about it. Sammial stared doubtfully up at Ryoka.
“…I’d be like you with father?”
Ryoka’s face went slack. Yep. She hated intelligent kids..
“Well…who’s taking lessons because your father was right?”
Sammial’s face twisted up. He opened his mouth, closed it, and grudgingly looked over his shoulder.
“Do I have to go back and learn now?”
Ryoka smiled, breathing out…right up until Ullim winced.
“Your tutor has taken the day off, Lord Sammial. I ah, also cut Lord Hethon’s lessons short…”
Hethon came out of a room and spotted Ryoka and Sammial. The Wind Runner sighed and Ullim looked at her apologetically, albeit impressed. He clearly hadn’t expected her to talk Sammial around.
A muddled victory. Ryoka gave up. She’d talk to the boys. So she jerked a thumb towards the door.
“Alright. Don’t mess with your [Tutors]. That’s my advice, Sammy. Especially if you want to go and have fun with a Courier. Let’s go outside.”
The boys cheered and followed Ryoka outside. Ullim smiled gratefully at Ryoka and she nodded back. She just…well, it was interesting. Mrsha needed her.
It seemed though, that if you thought of Mrsha, you also needed someone for Sammial and Hethon. It was not Ryoka’s job, nor did she know if she had the right to try and help.
…She was going to do it, obviously. She just wasn’t sure.
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion heard Ryoka was back via [Message] spell and cut short his tour of a northern fort.
They’d killed another [Assassin]. The hunt was ongoing, and he had come to commend the [Soldiers]. Contrary to his relatives’ opinions, he had given them all time off and paid for entertainment.
He was good at, well, leading, managing, and training armed forces. A very narrow skill-set compared to all the ones you might hope for in life. Or maybe the problem was in what Lord Tyrion himself prized…
Well, someone came to pay him a visit as he was riding back. Jericha signaled Lord Tyrion and he slowed to join and ride next to the slower group.
“Lord Tyrion! Dead gods, but it’s hard to catch you. I was riding straight ahead, but I realized we’d miss you unless we angled…”
Lord Pellmia puffed from riding hard in the saddle the last few miles. Tyrion nodded to him.
“Lord Pellmia. I apologize; I wasn’t aware you were in the area. How can I help you?”
Direct as always. Formal as always. Pellmia fished for a handkerchief, glancing at Tyrion’s escort.
“Would you mind if we ride—slower—together? In private?”
The other [Lord] instantly nodded. His people fell back, including Jericha, and the two rode in the center of their formation, out of earshot of their guards.
“Tyrion, it may be presumptuous of me, but I heard about the Wind Runner flitting about House Veltras’ lands, and I’ll be damned if I didn’t think…well. Don’t bite my head off, but I assume you’re hosting her as a guest?”
Pellmia came out with it after a moment. Tyrion nodded.
“She has been most helpful. A guest at the keep. My sons respect her, and there is always work for a Courier…”
