8.23
Page 31
Looking exceptionally uncomfortable, Lord Tyrion spoke stiffly. You could actually see him drawing back, visibly growing distant. Pellmia looked at him.
“Tyrion Veltras. I see I have been presumptuous. For that, I apologize.”
The [Lord] nodded, relieved. Lord Pellmia Quellae, of House Quellae, the [Lord of Orchards], who had nevertheless proven himself in war, twice-married, with a son and daughter from his first marriage, respected by his people, friend and supporter of House Veltras, fixed Tyrion with a keen eye.
Like the man was a piece of fruit from the finest trees, which were worthy of royalty. Pellmia spoke slowly.
“I have been presumptuous, Tyrion. So, let me be clear. I am speaking, as I have been speaking this entire time, about Ryoka Griffin, the Courier, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt, and yourself, Lord Tyrion Veltras of House Veltras…and giving you advice about entering a relationship with the young lady, courting her with the intention of marriage if it should prove both you and she care for each other. Marriage, as defined by you marrying her and making her your wife. A relationship, which I would hope stems from mutual attraction and leads to…”
Lord Tyrion had slowly been flushing throughout Pellmia’s speech. He cut Pellmia off.
“Lord Pellmia. Speculating about Miss Ryoka Griffin and myself is not something I would welcome. I appreciate your concern—”
To his astonishment, Pellmia cut him off.
“Tyrion, I have never thought of you as a fool.”
“Thank y—”
“Except in terms of love and relationships. I grant you that I may have been wrong in where you are if you’ve never considered the Wind Runner…and if you got to her staying under your roof, that’s an incredible amount of misunderstandings which I shall laugh about all the way back to my home. And then for the next month. However, to save you from yourself, I must ask you. Are you certain that there is no chance, not one for all the good reasons we’ve listed, that Ryoka Griffin would ever, ever be someone you’re interested in?”
He waited. Tyrion’s jaw worked. Pellmia just stared at him. You heard rumors about other [Lords]…or [Ladies]. Such as Ieka. They said…well, that was gossip. But Tyrion?
Lord Tyrion’s first response was to excuse himself from Pellmia and his delusions. The man was growing senile. Also, he was being highly rude. He was…
The [Lord] rode in silence as he was about to voice this. He—hesitated. Now he looked at it from the outside, some of Jericha’s comments, not to mention Ullim’s, took on a different light.
Had he been giving off the wrong impression to everyone? The thought was mortifying. Then Tyrion wondered.
Had he been giving the wrong impression to everyone? Or just himself?
He remembered riding after the Wind Runner. It was a single moment, as he stared up at the sky, on her first true flight. He remembered seeing her laughing as the wind blew. His heart…soaring.
In that moment, Tyrion Veltras had met someone faster than he was. Someone who could fly. Savior of his two children.
In all that time, a voice whispered to him, did you really conduct yourself with only impartial respect and admiration for Ryoka Griffin? Truly?
Tyrion Veltras hated lies. Which included the ones he told himself. He looked at Pellmia as the proverbial scales fell from his eyes. And out of his ears.
Salva. Suddenly, Tyrion felt guilty. Suddenly, he was conflicted about his sons, his dead wife. About loyalty to her, about his actions. He would not have been if Pellmia was wrong. Unfortunately, it seemed Lord Tyrion Veltras was interested in Ryoka Griffin.
