8.23
Page 7
Niers Astoragon cursed. He stared at Mrsha, perched on the branch as she scribbled. The Titan of Baleros and Apista both read the card. Niers snorted as Mrsha waited. She had to sell this hit. She had prepared ample recompense and he owed her!
“I do not owe you a prank. I owe you a lot more for helping me out, and feeding me, but this isn’t one of those things.”
The Fraerling countered, having read her card. He eyed the slice of lemon meringue pie that Mrsha had carefully saved from her dessert plate.
“…And tempting as that is, I don’t think angering a bunch of [Knights] is wise. Why are they after your mother? She really is the [Princess] of…? Dead gods.”
Mrsha stared indignantly at the Titan as he rubbed at his face. Niers glanced up and read her card.
“What? No! Of course I didn’t believe you! No offense, but when you tell me a [Princess] of Terandria is your mother, and is also in a dedicated relationship with an Antinium, I tend to raise my eyebrows. Let me get this straight. She’s not your mother biologically or there’s a huge scandal here and a very odd timeline. She is a [Princess], and…dead gods.”
Niers Astoragon sorted out Mrsha’s admittedly somewhat tangled story, and this time had to believe her. There were Thronebearers of Calanfer in the city and while they hadn’t tracked Mrsha down to The Wandering Inn, she feared their collective stupidity could only last so long.
Especially with Ser Dalimont on her trail. Why, he might be doing something as reasonable as stopping the others from directly trying to grab a little Gnoll girl in public! They’d be arrested as [Kidnappers] by the Watch if they tried that. He might be doing something like…asking about Mrsha without causing a scene!
They had to be taken out. Or rather, punished since their quarry wasn’t even in the city! Hence, Mrsha pointed out to Niers, her plan.
The Titan just stared at her.
“I thought my life was strange.”
He muttered and rubbed at the stubble on his face. He sighed…then seemed to take in her first request again. Niers eyed her detailed plan and his lips twitched.
“What do you mean, ‘Calescent’s doom-spice’?”
Mrsha offered him the pouch. Niers took one taste of a fleck of red and his face turned a matching shade.
“Cats and spiders! That’s hot! A Goblin made that? You want to put it…hm. That’s just cruel.”
However—he was grinning. Mrsha’s eyes lit up. She hadn’t been sure, but as the Titan began to laugh, she realized it was true.
He did enjoy a good prank. Niers took her plan note-card and eyed it.
“It’s a risk. Especially if they have detection-Skills. I’d have to go into the city, and that bee—what’s your full plan?”
Mrsha rubbed her paws together and smiled evilly as Apista settled on her head.
 
—-
 
So it was that later that day, Mrsha carefully adjusted the hat on her head. She delicately cut into the bloody steak, served rare. High-quality meat.
But bloody, like the blood on my paws. And in their poo if it goes really bad.
“Mrsha, why in the name of the Ancestors did you want to eat at this restaurant so badly?”
Selys looked miffed. Drassi just nudged her friend. She was still a bit hoarse from her screamed-coverage of the Village of Death raid. The [Reporter] was also getting a lot of attention and they’d been seated at a prominent table.
Heck, Drassi’s fame was why they’d gotten the restaurant in such short order. It was one of the better ones in the city. Selys was the reason they could afford it.
“Don’t object, Selys! I’m perfectly happy to let Mrsha choose where she wants to eat.”
“Just because you’re not paying for it. Oh—fine.”
