8.23
Page 30
“Hm. It’s true we haven’t offered her much as a guest. She’s been working.”
Tyrion nodded to that, since that was the first understandable point Pellmia had made. The [Lord] exhaled.
“Exactly. Well, Keireen was of the opinion that if the Wind Runner was sticking around, that’s already a good sign. Did she take the Courier-jobs for a song?”
His daughter had told him to ask about that. She was very sharp—Tyrion frowned.
“Too cheaply. She felt it was a debt.”
“That’s excellent. Now, you should reciprocate. Dead gods, Tyrion, I’m sure neither of us wants to list off suggestions! What about a visit to one of the larger cities, though? You two can zip across Izril. A tour of one of the islands by ship? It will peter out unless you show her more than your regular façade. Enough people think you’re disinterested. I know you well enough to know when you like someone, but someone who hasn’t your measure doesn’t.”
Tyrion thought about this. Was he coming off as standoffish? He nodded slowly.
“Salient points, Pellmia.”
The [Lord] nodded, relaxing.
“Good, good. Be straightforward. I’d say—just tell her you want her to stay around as well. Straight-off, before she heads away. Keireen told me to tell you—well, be direct so you both know where you stand.”
Lord Tyrion hesitated.
“Surely that’s too much to ask, Pellmia?”
“Not for this! She has to make up her mind. She’s a young woman, but you are Lord Veltras so I’d give you a good shot. I’m on your side. Just be direct—I’m not sure if mentioning how your sons like her would help, but it certainly doesn’t hurt they adore her! That’s all. I’m not speculating into the rest—just set the stage. Tell her you’d rather she hung about. Visited, if a permanent room is too much. Don’t bring out the wedding ring until—”
The [Lord] of House Veltras had been half-nodding, frowning at Pellmia, but listening right until that last bit. Then he stopped dead on the forest trail.
“Wedding ring?”
Pellmia was checking the notes Keireen and his daughter had helped him write. Maybe he should just give it to the man; Tyrion liked written instructions.
“I know it’s been a while since Salva, Tyrion. However, you have to consider your sons too. When it’s…just pure luck like this, you need to strike. As I said, I’d offer you both a chance to avail yourself of my House’s entertainment—”
There was a difference between willful ignorance or playing dumb and sheer density. Lord Tyrion was in the rare, authentic case of the latter. All the pieces of the conversation finally fell into place. Lord Pellmia went on. Tyrion had to speak three times to interrupt him.
“Pellmia. Pellmia. I think you’re mistaken. I wasn’t aware this was a conversation about…courting Miss Ryoka. That—was not what I thought we were talking about.”
Lord Pellmia stopped. He stared at Tyrion. He rode on forwards, turning to stare at Tyrion with mouth open for so long his horse walked him into a low-hanging branch. Even after it smacked him in the side, he just kept staring.
Dead gods. It was worse than Pellmia thought. How had the man ever managed to marry Salva? Well—it had been mutual. She must have had to chase him down with a net, poor woman…
“Lord Pellmia. If we are discussing…courtship, I fear you may be misinformed. There is nothing between Miss Griffin and myself, and I have certainly not intimated otherwise. Nor do I typically—seek out advice. If I did, I am certain I would appreciate this information. However…”
