8.23
Page 35
Well, not a field, but her room with music on full-blast, somewhere private…the boys looked at her oddly. Maybe anger-management techniques weren’t the best to lay on them. Then Sammy grinned.
“I like that. I can just scream?”
“If it beats hitting someone, yeah. Want to try?”
Sammy thought about it. Hethon was fidgeting. Sammy though—he just inhaled, tilted his head back, and shouted.
“Aaaah! Aaaaah! I HATE MATH!”
Ryoka and Hethon laughed. Sammial shouted until he was red in the face, and he had a fairly prodigious voice.
“I DON’T LIKE YELLATS! I WANT TO RIDE A HORSE! AAAAAAH!”
“Good job!”
The Wind Runner laughed, her eyes sparkling. Hethon watched her side-long, as Sammial yelled until he was hoarse. Then his younger brother laughed.
“I feel better! Thanks, Miss Griffin! My throat hurts. I want a healing potion.”
“Er—I can give you some—”
Ryoka fumbled for her potion, but Sammial was already talking again. Hethon envied that.
“If I get Ullim and Jericha to teach me, will Father teach me how to use a sword? And if we visit other places in House Veltras…oh! Look! There’s father! Can I ask him now?”
He whirled. Somehow, incredibly, Sammial pointed into the distance. Ryoka and Hethon’s heads turned. They saw…the open road. Nothing.
Aura. Hethon felt the twinge of jealousy he normally felt and pushed it down. Ryoka blinked. She frowned—looked at Sammial’s confident face and finger, and glanced up.
“Wait one sec.”
So saying, Hethon felt a gust of air and threw his hands up as dirt and debris flew into the air. He saw Ryoka shoot into the sky. Open-mouthed—until he got some dirt in it—Hethon saw her hover, then descend in a swooping arc.
Sammial whooped with delight and Hethon felt as astounded as he had the first time he’d seen it. So amazing. Better than being a [Lord].
“You’re right, Sammial. Your father’s coming. We can talk to him—”
“I’ll tell Ullim first! And that father’s coming!”
Sammial dashed towards the keep. Hethon knew there was no real need; he saw some [Soldiers] detach themselves in the distance and follow Sammial.
They had been there the entire time, watching from a very polite distance, but Tyrion was not about to entrust his son’s wellbeing to any one person, even Ryoka or Jericha or himself.
It saved Ryoka from immediately having to chase after him. She adjusted the wind-suit, and looked at Hethon.
“Hey Hethon, have I said anything wrong? You can tell me if I made a mistake.”
“Um. No, Miss Griffin.”
Hethon mumbled. He felt suddenly shy without Sammial to talk on. He wished he had talked to Ryoka as much as Sammial. Hethon cast around for something to say.
“T-thanks for teaching me about the anger trick and talking with father. Sammy liked it.”
“And you?”
Her green-eyed glance made Hethon shrug. He felt it was too…piercing.
“I’m fine. I’m not as angry as Sammial is.”
Ryoka stared ahead without speaking for a moment. The wind blew around them, carrying the scents of the world to them. She looked at Hethon again.
“Uh huh. You know, Hethon, you both remind me of how I was, growing up. Sammial’s me when I was really young…you remind me of when I was a bit older. You’re not angry at all? Not a little bit?”
Hethon flushed.
“Maybe a little? Sometimes?”
“Sure you don’t want to scream?”
The boy turned redder. Ryoka stared at him—and realized how embarrassing it probably was for someone like her to ask Hethon out of the blue to scream in the middle of a field.
She blushed a bit herself.
“Sorry. I just realized it’s super-awkward to ask.”
“Just a bit. Do you…actually do it?”
