8.23
Page 36
Hethon glanced up at her and she grinned despite herself. Ryoka hesitated.
“Well—yes. All the time when I was younger.”
“Do you do it now?”
The Wind Runner was embarrassed to realize she hadn’t. Were there things to make Ryoka angry at this moment? Upset?
Absolutely. She regarded Hethon…and realized she didn’t want to scream with Lord Tyrion about to arrive, the [Soldiers] watching, and him.
“Um. It really is amazing Sammial can do it by himself, isn’t it?”
They both grinned. It was all Sammy.
Well, crap on her feet. Here she was offering advice she wasn’t taking herself. There was a word for that: hypocrite. Also, idiot.
The Courier gazed at the young [Lord], at the empty field, and then at the wind blowing the wheat stalks from the field around and the distant forest too.
She had an idea.
“Hey, Hethon. It’s super-embarrassing to shout when anyone can hear you. But…what if we both agreed to do it? I’ll make the wind howl, so there’s no way anyone can hear us. If I did that—would you feel like trying it?”
The boy—or was it young man, already?—stared up at Ryoka. He hesitated. Then he nodded and grinned.
“How loud will it be?”
“No one will hear a thing, even me. Swear to it. Courier’s honor.”
Ryoka offered tentatively. Hethon nodded again. So the Courier and Hethon faced away from the keep. They took a few deep breaths.
The wind began to pick up. At first, slowly. Then it grew stronger. Hethon heard the wind whipping at his clothes and ears. Then it grew louder. Louder—he glanced up at Ryoka and she was grinning. It was just stupid, but Hethon began laughing as a whirlwind blew around them.
Louder. It became a howl unto itself, the whirlwind even blocking the world out. Now? Hethon looked at Ryoka, shielding his face.
He saw her screaming something into the vortex. He heard not a thing. Hethon’s eyes widened.
No one would hear what he said. In this moment, he would never be heard, and he could be sure of that when he never could before. Thoughts that had only been in his head…he could speak them.
Shout them. There was an amazing sense of relief, desire, he felt at that idea. To say something as loud as you could and know you’d never bother anyone? Never be heard?
In the roar of the wind, the calm, exhilarating eye of this storm, Hethon Veltras opened his mouth and gave voice to something. At first, it was a shout. Words of anger, loss. Longing.
Then it grew louder. He screamed with all the passion in his lungs, and it stopped being words. He was sure Ryoka was doing the same.
They shouted in pure silence, in the maelstrom of noise and wind. Shouted, until they lost their voices. Until they were laughing. Maybe even crying for a second.
No one would know. It was their secret.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin screamed for the Horns of Hammerad, about her worries, her guilt. Her loss. For anger, and even childhood. She never heard what Hethon said, but when the wind died, and as they met each other’s gazes again, they were both laughing.
The wind had messed up their hair. They were a bit breathless, exhilarated, hoarse—but Ryoka thought the young man looked at her with newfound familiarity. She stuck out her hand, and he shook it, smiling.
“Miss Courier? Is everything alright?”
A [Soldier] approached. They’d come close, as the maelstrom began. Ryoka started guiltily, but Hethon spoke for her.
“Miss Griffin was showing me a whirlwind. I asked her to.”
“Ah, very good, Lord Veltras.”
The man instantly bowed. Ryoka saw Hethon’s face take on…she shook her head as the bodyguard fell back. Too much power for kids.
