8.23
Page 21
Buscrei’s nod took in the entire area. The marshlands around the Vail Forest and the ‘city’ of Oswen was to the west and south, where coast intruded into land. It bordered the largest forest in Izril’s north, and thus the people had both sea and land and that medium in between to find any number of ways to make a profit.
Dyes came from here, as well as hunting produce, the staple of House Veltras’ income along with timber and other such goods.
“You’re very kind, Lady Buscrei. I can wait for the rest of your family if you’d like…I’m authorized to take back letters or correspondence to any other of House Veltras on the way back.”
Buscrei’s eyebrows rose.
“Really? Round trip, eh? Well, they won’t be back for hours. They’re out hunting, like I said.”
She pointed again. Ryoka glanced around.
“…Where? I can meet them.”
The [Hunting Lady] gave Ryoka a blank look, then smiled sardonically.
“You’ve never been around here, have you? I’ve no clue. They could be thirty miles that way—or twenty that. I think most’ll come back to eat by nightfall, but it’s as far as I know. If you want to wait, there’s beds and food. Or I can send you off soonest. Which’ll it be?”
“Oh, well…”
Ryoka wasn’t sure, but an impulse and her burgeoning social abilities told her that Buscrei was serious.
“…I’d take something to eat. And drink.”
The [Lady] headed inside and Ryoka followed her to find well, more of a hunting lodge than anything else. This wing of the Veltras family wasn’t Tyrion’s military-style keep. They lived off the land, contributed to House Veltras’ defense, and didn’t bother with continent-wide dramas.
“Let’s see. Nope. All of that orange’s juice we got has gone bad. I have water, purified water, Oyster Juice, beers, wine, Velrusk Claw…and fifteen stronger spirits. Which one?”
Apparently, runes of preservation weren’t everywhere, or some juice had been stored faultily, because the woman came up with a large amphora, opened it, and immediately poured it out the window into the marsh below. Ryoka blinked as she walked onto a lovely fur carpet…a former bear…took in the fine wood, the spacious, comfy place she wouldn’t mind having, and saw the [Hunting Lady] waiting.
She had to ask.
“Uh, what’s Oyster Juice? And purified water? You mean the regular water’s…?”
“Not from the marsh direct if that’s what you’re asking. Do you think we want to drink that? We have wells.”
Buscrei clarified. Ryoka hurried to deny she had been wondering exactly that. The woman found two cups and poured two liquids in, before placing them on a counter. She got something for herself; the purple Gnoll drink, Velrusk Claw.
“There. Oyster’s Juice is a local nickname for some strong stuff. Made with some part of oyster…I think. Tastes better than the name, and it’s cheap.”
Ryoka took one sip and her expression made Buscrei laugh. Sour alcohol was not something Ryoka enjoyed. However, she gamely tried another sip and saw the point.
“Purified water’s pure. More’n magic can do. That’s just…water with nothing in it. This is special stuff. Tastes good, right?”
“It’s sweet!”
The purified water tasted very good. It was not ‘spring water’ from actual mountain runoff or whatever Earth’s bottled water companies advertised. This tasted, well, pure. Good. Buscrei grinned.
“Local specialty. We sell a bit to [Merchants] and [Captains] who can transport it, but it goes bad quick. Some dust gets in, or idiots store it in metal tanks or containers or even leather and it’s regular damn water.”
“How do you get it? [Druids]? I just visited um—”
“Setth?”
