8.23
Page 15
All games ended eventually. They cornered it in the huge ballroom, where the Necromancer had once danced. An echo of Silvaria of old.
Four of them. They trapped the slime with magic. Then…as promised, they began to kill it.
Slowly. A slime could regenerate if it had liquid and whatever it was made of. So, they took pieces away. Saw how long it could keep itself alive.
Cruelty. It was alive, they were dead. There was something in them that longed to kill, but it was their personalities that made them prolong it.
The Healing Slime could not speak. It just made a kind of keening sound as it was sliced up, piece by piece. The Chosen were laughing, arguing. Bea reached down for Healing Slime.
“I want to see if my touch changes it. Please, Ijvani?”
“Oh, very well.”
The [Skeleton Mage] allowed Bea to touch Healing Slime directly at last. Bea tugged the gloves off her hands. The Plague Zombie was rot and pestilence. She reached for the slime, wondering if its body would save it.
A sound from the other end of the ballroom made the Chosen turn. A clank, of metal on stone. More than that? A voice reached across the room. Or rather, a thought.
Get away from Healing Slime, you bag of pus.
The Chosen turned. Healing Slime saw/sensed a figure, standing at the other end of the ballroom.
The skeleton.
He had run away as he always did when the going got tough. Run from death.
This time, he had returned.
“Did that little undead just insult you, Bea?”
The Chosen were not impressed. If anything, they were amused. Bea’s eyes narrowed as she turned. Venitra whirled. She was still angry about the cut. She was going to destroy Toren once and for all. She was…
The undead saw a figure walk forwards. They heard…a sound, echo through the ballroom. Not the usual click-clack of Toren’s bony feet. This time?
They heard a clank. Metal on marble. They looked at Toren and didn’t see the slim skeleton. They saw a figure wearing armor that glowed a pale blue over a bronze-color, but far deeper, crossed with red and even violet.
Adamantium armor. Enchanted. On its head sat a helmet made of Wyvern scales, the plume a Phoenix’s feather. His boots left a trail of black flame. His gauntlets were edged with crystal.
The skeleton was carrying a shield as transparent as glass—no, made of a prismatic glass. He had a sword that glowed with anti-light.
The Chosen stared at Toren as the [Skeleton Knight] walked forwards. The only part of him even visible was his skull, and the two burning purple eyes.
He was wearing artifacts. Enchanted weaponry and armor, each one so vividly powerful it made the air around him shimmer. The skeleton was staring at the Chosen with a malevolence they had never sensed from him before. Anger.
“He—that thing—he has taken Master’s artifacts!”
Kerash spoke at last, voice disbelieving. They all knew these weapons.
They were the artifacts in Az’kerash’s vault, in the castle armory! The artifacts the Necromancer had acquired or bought, including the relics he recovered and sometimes sold via his puppets.
Blades his enemies had raised against him, the armor of foes, waiting to be repurposed. Bea shouted, outraged.
“You cannot touch those treasures, you—you worthless undead!”
Toren didn’t reply. He was staring at Healing Slime. The air around him was humming. He felt the buzz in his very bones.
There was no going back. He had taken each treasure from the armory. Now?
The Chosen began to stride towards him, their victim forgotten. Healing Slime rolled around, recollecting the parts of itself. It heard Toren’s voice.
