8.23
Page 24
“What else does he have? Plans for those trebuchets? I’d take a few and put them high up. No?”
“Er, no, L—Buscrei. However, Lord Tyrion is asking who wants the Players of Celum—the [Actors]—to tour through their lands? There’s a roving troupe, not the main ones, and he’s paying for it.”
“We want it!”
Half of the [Lords] and [Ladies] chorused instantly. Buscrei eyed Ryoka.
“Tyrion wouldn’t pay for a [Bard] unless it was to cheer his [Soldiers] up. How’d he get the Players?”
“Well, it’s an offshoot. Jasi, Wesle, the um, main cast is heading north from Invrisil. There’s a theatre there, and one in First Landing maybe. The other group is accepting a route and I—they were talked into touring House Veltras.”
Ryoka may have had a hand in that. Which the [Hunting Lady] realized at once. However, she let that slide, somewhat to Ryoka’s relief. She was sharp, but she also didn’t press.
The Courier spent a night in company, although she was covered by otter-puppies when she woke up. They had apparently decided she was a comfy pillow. The entire group saw her off with hastily-written letters and an entire canteen of Oyster Juice…and one of purified water.
That was fun. It really was. Ryoka didn’t stay for an entire day at every location; she managed to hit three more spots before resting. Most of House Veltras did offer her the opportunity to stay the night or longer.
Lord Swey practically begged her to let him jump off the high plateau, another strategic fortress that an army would have nightmares assailing, and glide into the forest below. She let him do it once, and then his kids—then flew off before she spent the entire day watching them crash into tree canopies, funny as it was. She did need her glider intact!
Not all of House Veltras was like those two. Some were like Tyrion, more formal and silent. They occupied keeps in the forest, along it, the much smaller plains to the south, and of course, coastal fortresses. House Veltras had the Forest of Vail and the west of Izril; where Reinhart had more central holdings and some of the other Five Families stayed in the north, they had become people of this land. Not one didn’t know Ryoka’s name, and most thanked her for her role in the Assassin’s Guild affair.
 
—-
 
“No [Healers] of ours could help the lads. They would have tried and we were trying to see if a Drowned Folk [Healer] or someone from abroad would help out. We buried two of ours. Warnings from the Guild. Glad they’re wiped out.”
The more reserved [Lord] of House Veltras was Lord Dereic. A Drowned Man.
Something about sea and salt, or perhaps the fact that they had lonelier, less hunting-friendly keeps on the coast made his branch of the family closer to Tyrion’s in nature.
Lord Dereic was part…well Ryoka thought it was just one of many varieties of fish. He had fish’s scales and gills, and actually had trouble breathing like Sammial in pure air.
However, he was the only Drowned Person in his family; he had embraced the gift of the sea in a catastrophic sea accident. His sons were Human, and if they had been born of a union between a Drowned Person and him, rather than the other way around, their bloodline of succession would have been called into account.
He thanked Ryoka, and showed her the graves of two of House Veltras’ members who’d been killed as warnings. Ryoka bit her lip and didn’t know what to say.
