8.23
Page 2
Not actual gold; Mrsha had little use for actual gold since even the most accepting [Shopkeepers] still asked too many questions if Mrsha wandered up to the counter and tried to pay with five gold coins for a hundred cookies. She’d gotten in real trouble the one time she tried to stand on Visma’s shoulders in a big coat and they’d thought she was a [Thief]…
If she wanted something, Lyonette was the intermediary—or Selys. In fact, mostly Selys because Selys would buy you something if you presented her with an eloquent argument. Like bursting into tears and then hugging her after she caved.
No, Mrsha-money was the real deal. The uncut, straight, drug-equivalent for children.
Mrsha sidled into the [Garden of Sanctuary], looking for a mark. She could usually find one in here, or the city. Her usual fence was buzzing around as usual, but seemed to smell Mrsha had something good today.
Apista the Ashfire Bee made an Apista-line towards Mrsha, eagerly buzzing around her. Mrsha held up a paw—then put it palm-up and made a beckoning motion.
Hold up. What do you have for me?
The bee dithered. Mrsha produced the cigar and Apista buzzed around it, trying to grab it and fly off with it. Mrsha swatted at her gently. She knew Apista would just set it on fire and spend the rest of the day clinging to the ceiling and fanning her wings if she handed it off. She wanted to see what Apista had to offer first.
Apista was a good fence. She had a wide selection of Mrsha-goods, but her availability was the issue. You could trade a third of a cigar for a cookie, filched from the kitchen. Or other snacks! Mrsha had even gotten Apista to secure one of The Wandering Inn’s small cakes for sale one time. It had ‘fallen off the table’ and Erin was none the wiser.
However, it seemed her new job working as bodyguard and taxi for Niers meant Apista was broke today, and Mrsha didn’t offer credit. She stowed her cigar as Apista buzzed around unhappily.
Mrsha the Drug Dealer sauntered onwards. Was this how she wanted to spend her life? Slinging contraband around? Well…it was sort of fun. She went back and gave Apista a big hug—gentle, but big. Apista fanned her wings and her proboscis tickled Mrsha’s arm. Mrsha patted her on the head—but didn’t give her the cigar. Love was love.
Business was business. Well, if Mrsha didn’t have luck on her first client, her second might be more…interesting.
The white Gnoll glanced around, and then shuffled over to one of the people in the Garden of Sanctuary. She shuffled for fifteen feet…then gave up and walked all the way to the jungle-biome. She padded up to a tree, climbed the ladder she’d dragged over, and once she was up high enough, knocked on the little hollow in the tree.
“What is it?”
The Titan of Baleros had been working on something with paper and ink of his own. He blinked as Mrsha offered the cigar. Niers frowned as he stared at Mrsha’s haul.
“What is that? One of that Centaur’s cigars? That damn thing is as big as I am. Is it a gift? Hey!”
The ‘hey’ was because Mrsha jerked it back. She waved the product at Niers meaningfully and went to write down an explanation.
Niers Astoragon saw Mrsha, clinging to the wide branch he was on, fumble for her notepad and quill while her good paw held the cigar. Which left…how many paws to hold onto the branch?
Whump. He winced at the sound and peered over the edge. A minute later, Mrsha sniffed as she climbed back up and held out the card, glaring at him and defying him to comment on the tears in the corners of her eyes. She hadn’t cried!
