8.23
Page 14
Ijvani glanced at Toren. All the skeleton’s nightmares were coming true. Venitra smiled, and it was an ugly expression, as beautiful as Az’kerash had made her features.
“I want to kill it.”
“Not you. You do it too fast. Let me touch it, Ijvani.”
Bea pleaded. Ijvani shook her head. However, not out of an abundance of love for the adopted slime that was ‘hers’.
“Both of you kill things too fast. Master is busy. It should take at least an hour.”
“How? I want to do it, Ijvani.”
Kerash argued. The four Chosen moved, cornering the Speed Slime, enjoying how it raced about frantically.
“I am going to smash it.”
Venitra declared, eying the other Chosen. Instantly, they turned on her, glaring. Venitra, undeterred, strode forwards, raising a fist—
Toren leapt at her. The skeleton slashed with his enchanted longsword.
No! The skeleton slashed and struck Venitra, from her face down her chest.
His Skills. [Sharpened Edge], [Lesser Strength], the basic enchantment on the sword—
…Left not a mark. The sword skated off Venitra’s bone body and she laughed. Then grew angry.
“You dare attack me?”
She swung at him. The skeleton threw himself under the fist. She kicked—and he swerved around her leg.
[Perfect Dodge]! Toren saw Venitra whirl, going for her sword and shield at last. She struck out with a precision blow, and slashed through Toren—
No. The image wavered and vanished. Venitra staggered as the slash went across her arm and torso.
[Mirage Cut]. Toren’s best move. The other Chosen went silent.
A flawless attack! If she had been alive, the Chosen would have been twice cut. If she had been…
Toren saw Venitra stare at the tiny, tiny hairline cut across her body. It began repairing itself even as she looked down. By the time her head rose, a fraction of a second later, it was gone.
However. Venitra’s sword went through Toren’s ribs before he could block. She tore upwards, then began to stomp on him, bellowing.
“You dare to injure me? You worthless little skeleton!”
She was so enraged she had crushed half his body to dust when Ijvani spoke.
“Venitra, the little slime escaped because of you. Leave the worthless undead alone. I want to find my slime! It is alive.”
Venitra whirled. Distracted, the Chosen had let Speed Slime dart past Bea and it was fleeing. It would have stayed, but Toren had told it to run.
It was…the Chosen looked at each other.
“I will kill it first!”
Kerash bounded out the door. Bea, Ijvani, and last of all, Venitra were hot on his heels. She gave Toren’s skull a kick and shattered it across a wall. Toren slowly, slowly reformed.
Healing Slime was going to die. He was helpless. Now they knew, it was going to…
When he finally reformed, five minutes later, Toren knelt, head in his hands. Literally. He stared at himself. No, no. Not this. Not the only other thing that mattered in this damned castle. Why were all his levels not enough? Why was it so unfair?
As unfair as the adventurers fighting the undead. Or vice-versa. Unfair. A word Toren was realizing.
It was unfair because Healing Slime had done nothing wrong and the Chosen were murderous monsters. It was not right.
It should not be. The skeleton remembered another voice.
A Human woman’s words. An [Innkeeper]’s speech for the Goblin, for the Antinium.
His head rose. His purple flames burned bright.
Toren ran. Not for Speed Slime, or to fight the Chosen. He did what he had always done.
He ran away.
 
—-
 
It took them twenty minutes to corner the slime. They got in each other’s way. It was a game.
