8.23
Page 27
One female figure in his life, and Jericha was still technically an underling to Lord Sammial. It wasn’t a good relationship.
Ryoka had already observed Sammial did not respect boundaries or privacy or…respect. Heck, Erin would have noticed it straight off.
The problem was that while it was easy to call Sammial an annoying, entitled brat…he reminded Ryoka of herself at his age. Not that she walked into bathrooms all the time, but the similarities were there.
Often-busy parents, being raised by an Ullim and Jericha…no one to stop her or really hold her to account or teach her properly.
As Ryoka cut her bath short, she remembered that Sammial had [Tutors] and both he and Hethon took regular lessons as a [Lord] was supposed to. The problem was…
“Lord Sammial. You cannot walk into a bathroom with a woman—anyone present! You are supposed to be at your lessons!”
Ullim was remonstrating with the boy. However, the [Majordomo], stern as he was, ran up into a problem. Which was Sammial stomping his foot and his eyes flashing with his quick temper.
“I hate my boring lessons! I told my [Tutor] I wanted to see Ryoka! So I did!”
Ullim turned to Ryoka—then the [Tutor], who stepped out of the room, looking harried. The man whispered to Ullim and Ryoka caught it.
“…cannot keep doing this. I’m sorry, Master Ullim, but…”
The old man whispered back, clearly trying to soothe the agitated [Tutor]. Ryoka didn’t understand it—until she realized.
Sammial’s aura. In any other world without magic, you could still discipline a kid—not hit them, but control them and physically stop them from doing something.
In this one? Sammial could actually overpower adults who couldn’t match his aura. A prodigy at a young age. But uncontrolled. It just made things worse.
So, seeing this, and how Sammial walked away from Ullim and towards her, clearly aware he was in trouble but avoiding it until someone—his father—took him to task at last, what was Ryoka Griffin to do?
She saw it all. She saw herself in the issue. She could leave it be. Or…she could be Ryoka. Only—how good was Ryoka at teaching other people in a positive way?
Uh…
Well, she had history with Sammial. Ryoka nodded to him as the [Lord] stopped, eagerly.
“You’re finally back! I told father I wanted to fly with you! You took too long! Are you staying for a week? Can we have fun?”
His words spilled over themselves in their eagerness to come out. Ryoka bent down.
“I am back, and I don’t think Lord Tyrion wants to risk his son falling out of the skies. I nearly crashed twice. Birds are terrible. I don’t think I’ll stay for a week, but I can have some fun…after you take your lessons.”
Sammial’s face instantly fell and became hostile and grumpy.
“I don’t want to. Lessons are boring and my teachers are stupid. You’re way more fun. What if you teach me?”
The [Tutor] twitched behind him. Sammial had no volume-control. Ryoka sighed. Let’s see. Imagine she was talking to mini-Ryoka. What would Ryoka say…?
I’m going to kick your ass, you entitled brat.
No, wait. Don’t imagine you were talking to yourself or you’d just want to hit yourself. The trouble was…Ryoka tried again.
“Lessons aren’t always fun, are they? But you can’t just walk out of them. They teach you things you need to know.”
“Like what? Math?”
Sammial scoffed. Ryoka bit her lip. Despite all the assurances of her teachers, not once had she actually used calculus to her knowledge, and she was in another world where she was arguably placed to use it the most!
