8.23
Page 38
Lord Pellmia’s head turned and his eyes lit up. Jericha sighed, and Ullim glanced at his [Lord] with eyes alight. Ryoka wavered, but Tyrion wasn’t done. He met her gaze.
“In fact, I would go as far to say that I, personally, admire your character and abilities.”
Lord Pellmia’s jaw opened. He gaped at Tyrion, and began to speak, but it was too late. Lord Tyrion formally sank to one knee as those around him turned and stared. He stared up at Ryoka, who had frozen.
“It is my…admiration of you, Miss Griffin, that forces me to profess my interest in you in more than a platonic sense. As I cannot meet your parents or guardian, I would formally ask you for permission to court your hand.”
One did not dance with the truth, but held it out. That was the Tyrion Veltras way.
It was also the most horrifying thing Lord Pellmia had ever seen in his entire life. The [Lord] stood there, horror-struck as Ryoka Griffin turned into a statue.
Hethon, Sammial, Jericha, Ullim, Pellmia, the [Soldiers]…even the horses gazed on in silence. Tyrion Veltras just held Ryoka’s eyes. She stared at him.
You could say this for Tyrion—there was no way of misinterpreting his intentions. Not even Erin Solstice could have…Ryoka realized he was waiting for a response. As in—right now.
“I—uh—I’m uh—”
Lord Pellmia, no, even Hethon and Sammial saw the future. Which was, in two seconds, Ryoka exploding into flight across Izril in a burst of wind. So the [Lord of Orchards] moved. He reached out—grabbed Tyrion—and hauled him to his feet.
With his other hand, he clapped Ryoka on the shoulder. Tyrion turned to face him. Lord Pellmia’s smile was of a man watching a stab-victim.
“What a fine gesture.”
He bellowed desperately.
“Why don’t we all delay that until a more private setting is reached? We can’t rush these things, Tyrion. Ullim? I think I need a room after all. Miss Griffin, I do apologize for—I do apologize, but an old man like me craves a seat.”
“I—I—”
Pellmia shot Ullim a look and the two older men hustled everyone towards the keep. Pellmia had never fought so hard to keep a smile on his face. He had once rode pillion with a dear friend after losing his horse in a battle with Drake armies, facing down a [Wyvern Rider].
Lord Pellmia needed to be twice as good as he had been that day. A wing-rider fit to capture the Wind Runner before she flew off. Five Families, he had to save Tyrion from himself.
The [Lord of Orchards] bared his teeth for the most desperate, difficult mission of mercy in his life.
Somewhere, Ryoka Griffin thought she could hear Ivolethe laughing at her.
 
—-
 
Even Lord Tyrion Veltras couldn’t match the speed at which the news broke across Izril. First via family—then everyone else because family gossiped.
Within two days, members of House Veltras were leaving their estates, roused by the events. Among them, Lord Setth, Lady Buscrei, and six more relatives all gathered at Oswen to discuss the issue.
Not because they cared about the political implications like some of the family. They just thought it was hilarious. Especially how it had gone down.
Lady Buscrei turned to the rest of her family as they gathered in her hunting-lodge home. She thought of the Wind Runner of Reizmelt and smugly slapped her second-eldest son’s shoulder.
“Told you she’d make a good one of us. And that they were probably in bed.”
The others laughed, but Lord Swey raised an urgent hand, demanding the other’s attention. His brows crossed with real concern.
“If she marries in—d’you think we all get gliders?”
