8.23
Page 20
For many, Sir Relz and Noass were the faces of Drakes since they had their news segment. Drassi was the female Drake. Imagine the misconceptions that arose from that? Personalities, viewpoints, and the fact that both male Drakes occupied higher social and economic circles aside…not many Drakes wore monocles.
In the same way, Magnolia Reinhart was not all Reinharts. Which didn’t mean the other Reinharts were better…but this generation was notoriously reclusive, happy to indulge themselves. Magnolia was still synonymous with House Reinhart though, because she was the head of their family.
It didn’t mean they were better or worse necessarily…although you heard things about what the Reinharts got up to in private. However, to extend the analogy was to realize that Lord Tyrion Veltras was not all of the Veltras family.
You just seldom saw the others in the news. In fact, that was because they were somewhat reclusive too, albeit in different ways.
The [Lady] of House Veltras spotted the Courier coming in and watched for the last five minutes of descent. Ryoka Griffin was exceptionally grateful the woman didn’t raise the huge longbow and take aim.
She landed on what could only be described as an actual tree house. As in a house…built onto a tree. It was high off the ground, as were most of the buildings. They had the fabled tree-civilization, although it was mostly Humans.
And the ground, rather than being a pristine forest, was more of a marshland. The trees were like mangroves; huge root structures that allowed the people to build on the impressive plants.
Ryoka had expected a forest-keep or something, but she realized that there wasn’t much need. This area of Veltras lands was pretty safe from monsters and [Bandits]. If they wanted to try and climb up while all the people shot arrows through their heads, they could try. A flying attack was more dangerous, but one look at the [Lady] and her bow and Ryoka doubted she’d have much trouble fending off Wyverns or Griffins.
The Griffin in question landed and the woman continued eating the snack she’d fetched. Some kind of meat-on-a-stick variant. She regarded Ryoka in silence as the Courier caught her breath.
“So you’re that Courier what helped Tyrion, is that right? I thought he’d send word cheap, but I guess this is easier if you’re about, isn’t it?”
That was what she said. However, the drawl that came out of her mouth was so hard to parse that Ryoka took a second. She heard something like:
“So yer tha Courier what helped Tyrion issat righ? I though he’d send word chep, but I guess thisis easier if you’re about innit?”
She had a thick accent, but Ryoka nodded after a second. She bowed.
“Ryoka Griffin, Courier, Lady Buscrei Veltras.”
The woman shrugged.
“If you’re going to bow, be my guest. Not how I do things. Nice flying. Can anyone do it or is it only with a Skill and magic?”
Ryoka hesitated. The woman glanced at the glider, ignoring the usual questions or comments Ryoka got.
“Um—you can glide with my…glider, but you need an updraft to keep flying.”
“Huh. Wouldn’t mind gliding off, even if I have to haul it back. Well, ‘salright. I’m Buscrei Veltras. [Hunting Lady] of…here.”
She waved the stick around to take in the marsh-settlement. Ryoka nodded, hesitating again. Buscrei eyed her.
“You looking for all of us, or is it just letters? Anything important?”
“No—I’m just delivering an uh, update from the Veltras keep?”
“Ah. Regular then. Want a bite? A drink? The rest of the family’s out hunting.”
