8.23
Page 33
“I need to talk to you guys about the [Tutors]. I know it’s not my job and I’m not Tyrion or Jericha or Ullim, but I have to.”
Hethon and Sammial looked at each other. Hethon glowered at Sammy. What had he done now? Sammy avoided his older brother’s look.
“I know I shouldn’t leave tutoring. I’m sorry, Miss Ryoka. I won’t do it again.”
He recited it by rote. Ryoka knew every line Sammial was spouting off, from the hundreds of times she’d said variants of it, sincerely, insincerely…
Perhaps he even meant it. It didn’t matter, though. Even if Sammial resolved to change his ways and never use his aura on a [Tutor] again, that wasn’t the problem, was it?
Ryoka had thought long and hard about her past, and the problem wasn’t just being tutored in something you didn’t like. She shook her head.
“You know you shouldn’t do that, Sammial. We had a talk and I’m sure you’ll try. But…that’s not the problem, is it?”
Both boys looked at her. Ryoka went on, searching for her words. Speaking to little reflections of herself.
“It’s just—not fun. That’s the problem, isn’t it? Day in, day out, having to take lessons when you could be having fun? Not…getting to enjoy yourself sometimes? Wanting—more.”
They gave her a strange look. For a moment, Ryoka feared she was talking out her butt, that she was completely wrong.
But that wasn’t why Hethon and Sammial stared. To them, it was as if the Wind Runner were staring right through them. She went on, encouraged by their looks.
“Sometimes—I’m sure you get angry. Really angry. Only, you can’t shout at the adults. You get in trouble.”
“I shout at adults. All the time, sometimes.”
Ryoka nodded at Sammy as he vouched that obvious truth.
“Do you feel better? Or do you feel bad? I bet…you don’t feel great, especially if you use your aura on them. I know, because that’s how I felt growing up a lot of the time.”
She closed her eyes, thinking back.
“I remember I wanted more than just being taught lessons and someday growing up and getting a job. I wanted—well, to be special. And I was sure, deep down, I wasn’t. Not really.”
When she looked at them again, the two boys were giving her the same look. It was possible that no grown up, no one ever, had ever spoken to them halfway as deep as this before.
It was uncomfortable to Hethon, hearing the Wind Runner talk like this. Uncomfortable…and appealing. He felt that this was honest; knew it was. Understanding someone? A kind of intoxication of its own.
The Wind Runner looked at him, then at Sammial.
“Sometimes you have to do things that suck. Like learning math, history. Sometimes it’s your teachers that aren’t fun, and sometimes it’s you. Your attitude. I think, though—you can change what’s terrible. Especially you two. If you don’t like a [Tutor], is there someone who’s a better teacher?”
The boys looked at each other.
“Jericha’s more fun to teach magic. And we like her more, but she’s always busy with father. I hate math, but Ullim is better since he lets us help with the budgets. But he’s busy too, so we have [Tutors].”
Ryoka exhaled.
“We could…ask them to take over. Or your father?”
Hethon and Sammial looked apprehensive.
“But they’re busy.”
That’s probably what they’d been told every day of their lives. Ryoka folded her arms.
“Probably. I bet your father would still think you were worth them spending time teaching you, as much as they can. The problem is he has to know they’re the best. That you need them.”
It was hard to talk to distant parents. Hethon and Sammial looked at their shoes. Ryoka saw them stare at her feet. She shifted them.
