8.23
Page 23
“Longbows. Short bows, compound, recurve—the only group who’s ever outshot us are Gnolls in competitions, and we win just as often. We train [Archers] too. Don’t tell me Tyrion wants more?”
“No, I uh—”
Ryoka sat among the family at dinner. Nearly two dozen people wanted to talk to her. Buscrei and her husband, their kids, relatives and their partners…
She winced and heard a curse as someone shouted in glee and then there was a scream and noisy splash from outside. Buscrei went to a window.
“If you broke the Wind Runner’s glider, you’re paying for it!”
The [Hunting Lady] bellowed at some of the young adults, who had tried to glide with said device after Ryoka lent it to them.
“It’s fine. I can fly without and get it fixed…”
“Flying. Never was interested in that. Still, you helped out Tyrion in a bad spot. We had to shoot a few [Assassins] threatening us. One of them exploded one of our homes. Bastards.”
Lord Somost, who’d married Buscrei, clapped Ryoka on the back. He was a former [Captain], and fit right in. The others nodded and leaned in, and Ryoka ducked her head—only to be slapped on the shoulder again by the oldest daughter.
“So? Tell us, how’re the kids? Better? Has Tyrion finally unhitched the iron rod from his back, or is it still stuck up his ass—”
Buscrei clocked her daughter with a roll. Ryoka hesitated.
“I have the update here—”
She’d been trying to hand it out the last two hours, but the family was impatient.
“We don’t care about that. That’s just regular updates and news from Tyrion and his lot. As interesting as dirt most of the time. How’re the boys? He never writes about himself or them. Sammial still mouthing off?”
They were fun, rowdy, and Ryoka found herself sharing anecdotes. They wanted to know about the Village of the Dead of course, and her sword she wisely refused showing them, as it wouldn’t work and they’d probably hurt themselves falling over each other to see.
It was a welcome distraction from figuring out how to rescue Ceria and the others. At least they were alive. Except for Pisces—no, he was alive too.
For once, Ryoka was doing her job. Which was delivering the packet of letters from Lord Setth to the others, as well as Tyrion’s update to all his family.
“I’m also going to other members of House Veltras. Next on my list is uh—Lord Swey?”
“Oh.”
The group chorused. Buscrei grinned.
“Mountains and climbers. Higher up than we are, even. Nightmare for City Runners to climb that way up; he’s on a plateau and there’s no way down except rope-elevators in one spot. Climb up yourself everywhere else. He’ll love you. You can just fly up! Sure, we have letters. Let us write them if we’re sending them in days instead of weeks. Alright, what’s the boring update?”
They did Tyrion Veltras a disservice, although perhaps it was only in this case. The scattered members of House Veltras usually just got requests for a certain number of [Soldiers] here—updates on casualties, general movements and income lost and gained, acknowledgements for issues in their domains from Tyrion.
Boring stuff, as they said. Very military, and organized—just not personable. House Veltras liked to consolidate power around its leader and let the rest of the family manage their domains without needing to worry about larger affairs.
It was a fair system, but for once Ryoka had news. One of the sons grabbed the sheet and blinked twice at it.
“Gelato? He’s giving us the recipe for that stuff? You hear that? We can sell the damned stuff back to those arrogant [Merchants] on ships! How do you make it? Ice? Damn.”
