8.23
Page 22
Ryoka nodded as Buscrei named the [Lord] who had local [Druids] in his forest-keep and local town.
“Yes. Lord Setth.”
She’d seen how careful that community was to work with nature. [Druids] helped maintain the orchards and make sure the flocks were healthy and happy, not just farmed out. They still exported some meat as well as animal products; they didn’t cull animals though, only when they were suffering, so it wasn’t high-quality meat.
Still, the [Druids] had a lot of abilities like knowing how to fight infection, purify water, keep bugs away, and so on.
However, Buscrei shook her head. The second family of House Veltras on Ryoka’s journey found some more dried meat—which turned out to be from a crocodile or alligator variant, cooked and spiced on a stick—for both of them as Ryoka sipped the water and Oyster Juice.
It was rather nice, and they went back to the balcony for the unparalleled view. She spoke, instantly familiar and sociable. The exact opposite of Ryoka, in short.
“We don’t have that many [Druids]. Lots of Drowned Folk and they have some [Mages]…nah. It’s from one of Oswen’s treasures. You know we have hot springs?”
Ryoka nodded. She’d tried to do some reading on the fly, but the wind made that impossible. She had still read when she landed to talk to Lord Setth. Oswen, among fishing and hunting opportunities, had famous hot springs.
“Well, among ‘em is the one we let people use once a month. Rest of the time, it’s for bottling the pure water. Unicorn horns in the bath and other purifying stuff.”
“Oh. Wow.”
In many ways, Oswen paralleled Desonis. However, the [Knight] culture wasn’t there, and the people were right alongside a forest.
If Ryoka had seen them riding crabs around the marshes, she would have really thought this place was uh, a look. That would just be silly, though.
…They rode water-sleds pulled by an otter-dog crossbreed. Ryoka coughed half her mouthful of Oyster Juice over the balcony when she saw that and Buscrei laughed her butt off. The swift-paddling dogs and returning hunting party looked up as she drew her longbow, and loosed an arrow in an explosion of sound.
Ryoka saw a huge goose or some similar bird drop out of the sky near the Humans below as a flock flew across the skies. The [Hunting Lady] didn’t bother to aim for the rest. She bellowed down.
“Grab the bird before the predators get it, you lazy salt-slugs! And get up here! We have a Courier for company! It’s that one that helped Tyrion out!”
Among the many facts about Oswen that Ryoka learned over her night’s stay, they had adapted to hunting from the comfort of their houses quite well. Obviously they didn’t shoot if there was a chance they’d hit the other houses or people, but if they did hit a bird on the wing, who wanted to climb all that way down, grab a bird out of the marsh, and get back up?
It would be lost to giant leeches, scavengers, or any number of things if you were too slow. Hence there were entire jobs that would cater to people like Bird.
Kids in otter-dog sleds raced out to grab prey and deliver it for a small fee. It was just one entertaining thing in this part of Veltras’ lands.
The rest was obviously Buscrei’s family, which was a large, boisterous lot. Exactly the opposite of Tyrion.
“He’s the main head. Life’s no fun. Small wonder his family’s been in charge for the last few generations. We had a family head eighteen generations back. I heard she hated it. Did a good job, though. We’re all [Hunters] so we’re good with bows.”
