8.23
Page 4
Mostly, paint. For a cigar or some good snacks, or some intermediary work with Octavia, Selys, and so on, she’d draw on Mrsha’s fur with her odd-smelling paints and enchant the Gnoll for a while.
That was quality Mrsha-goods. Mrsha had become Mrsha the Speedy for a day—and then she’d gotten Ulvama to offer a bulk-discount and she, Ekirra, and Visma had all been the Chameleon Trio in a game of hide-and-seek in the park. Their opponents and detractors had claimed magic was cheating; Mrsha thought they just didn’t know how to leverage connections.
However, it seemed Ulvama didn’t have time for Mrsha because she chased her off, swatting with her staff.
“What about Pebblesnatch? Go to the Unseen Empire. Get more Goblins. A small tribe!”
“So you say again and again. I have been there. Goblins should not die…needlessly.”
Rags folded her arms, beyond reluctant to contemplate fighting that [Emperor] once more, or even risking it.
The debate continued as Mrsha the Hustler groaned internally. Was she going to have to parlay with Kevin or Joseph, or hold onto the goods until she could visit the city? It was a hot item.
…As in, if Imani told Ishkr, he might confiscate the cigar. Or she might take it out of ‘concern’ for Mrsha’s well-being. The law was just an excuse for petty thievery. Mrsha’s eyes narrowed as she thought about how much she’d lost to authority over the…weeks.
Let’s see. Mrsha ran down her client list as she sat, ignoring Rags kicking her towards the edge of the hill.
Kevin would trade you snacks and other nice things, but he had his own supply. Joseph? Not as interested in that as a drink, and Mrsha didn’t want to push his habit. She was a conscientious supplier. A real shame, because a Joseph-autograph was a good commodity these days.
Temile. Ah, if Temile were here, Mrsha could have gotten something nice. Like an [Actor]’s hat or prop-dagger for a day. A real shame. Grev could actually parlay the cigar into gold or other things too, and he had his own autograph collection for trades.
No, no. Who else? Well, among the buyers out there—Hexel and Elirr were one of the city-picks since Krshia was gone. Not that they had much that Mrsha wanted; they were too ‘responsible’. The rest of her clients weren’t into this particular good. Montressa and Bezale could get it direct, Ekirra and Visma weren’t in the market, and so on.
Could she give the cigar to the Antinium? Mrsha felt bad doing that though, because they didn’t have much to sell, and trading a cigar for something that was probably their only possession in life felt…uh…bad.
The only Antinium that Mrsha could realistically trade with were Belgrade for straight up money, Bird for feathers, bird-meat, often rotten, or with Garry. Garry was good. He offered straight, solid desserts and didn’t ask many questions.
…The problem was, you had a 50% chance a Garry-treat had bugs in it and Mrsha didn’t like those odds.
The last group Mrsha could fence the cigar to were the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. There were always three or four in the hallway, and they were nice. But…Mrsha thought of the encounter on the street.
She wasn’t sure if she was ready for the big leagues. Fencing to Crimshaw was a last-ditch resort.
Mrsha was just considering going back and exchanging her cigar with Palt for a more acceptable, longer-term commodity with less value but more keepability like some Nali-sticks. She had been known to eat her supply and it was nice to have an easily-cashable item like that lying around.
