8.23
Page 10
She hesitated. No, wait. Mrsha licked her lips. That was really good steak. She began to gobble her food, appetite restored. To the side, the [Knights] collapsed, lips puffed up, eyes streaming with liquid as the staff assured the customers that this—this was some kind of accident! What was wrong with the soup? One tried a spoonful and fell victim too. Another death on Mrsha’s conscience.
It had to be done. Somewhere, the Titan of Baleros was laughing. Mrsha did not laugh. She finished her meal and sat there, in silence, contemplating her sins. Perhaps—yes, perhaps when no one was looking, when the [Healer] had been summoned, the soup disposed of, and two of the [Knights] actually had to be led out of the restaurant, they were so blind—perhaps then she allowed herself a small smile.
One did have to have fun.
Imani and Selys, who had both been watching Mrsha’s expression, silently looked at each other and agreed Mrsha would never be allowed to watch a movie about crime ever again.
 
—-
 
When had it been that they realized destiny threw them together? The odd twists of fate that had meant the two would meet, here of all places? So far from home.
Yet from the start, they had too much in common. Such that while it seemed complex, coincidental beyond belief, when you looked back it seemed as if the world had meant for them to be together.
Two star-crossed lovers, united by adversity and their mutual bonds.
…Wait. What did lovers do again? Maybe it wasn’t lovers. Neither one had the class.
Two star-crossed friends, united by adversity and their mutual bonds.
Were they friends? That was a…first. Yet if this was friendship, it was closer than anything either had known. They might have skipped past friendship towards something else. Not lovers, not friends.
The skeleton held the slime in his arms as they sat together in silence. Silence—yet a communion of similar beings. Neither one with proper voices.
Neither one alone.
When was it that they realized both had been created by Erin Solstice? Toren wondered. Of course, he’d ‘technically’ been assembled by that [Necromancer]. Pisces. The person who had made him, accidentally or not, had been Erin.
Like Healing Slime. Did that make them brothers? Siblings? Toren wasn’t sure what he or the slime were.
One was undead, the other was a blob. It didn’t matter. They were here, and they stayed together, like the last two [Sailors] in a shipwreck at the edge of the world. Toren had never cared for anything like Healing Slime before. Not a weapon, not a place, not…
A person? Maybe. Erin Solstice was too complicated, though. Love and hate intermingled too much. The realization she had never seen him, history—
Healing Slime was simpler. The feeling in Toren’s head was strange. He was a [Carer]—but more than that? It was like opening a door. Once the door had been opened, it could never be fully closed. He felt.
Something like the idea of warmth when he held Healing Slime. Something deeper than the fear of death when he thought of the Chosen finding Healing Slime. Toren listened, unsettled of late.
The castle of Az’kerash was…off. Distinctly off. The mindless undead held their positions as always. The semi-conscious ones like Crypt Lords? Well, Az’kerash didn’t generally animate such undead, considering them somewhat annoying.
Those that were present, by natural animation or leftovers from other projects, were in hiding. Eleven had been destroyed. The Chosen were venting their frustrations on lesser undead—and only the ones who could think, were expendable. It was no fun attacking puppets.
