8.23
Page 17
Archmage Chandler leapt to his feet, mind racing. An attack? He began chanting spells, cursing his negligence. Why hadn’t his Chosen alerted him? No—if it was a strike team. Who? Magnolia Reinhart? Teriarch?
Who could—
“Arise for me, reaper of souls. Champion of bones, to follow my enemies to their graves…”
A spell-circle appeared and a figure emerged from the ground. A bone-warrior, clutching a reaper’s scythe, which shot after Az’kerash.
He cloaked himself in darkness, binding glittering spells to him, all the while cursing. Belavierr? Had she betrayed him? If not, the lack of her presence….
The Necromancer shot down the hallway, abandoning running to levitate forwards at incredible speed. The undead in each hallway came alive as he found the source of the fighting.
The ballroom. He aimed three dozen spells as he burst into the room, the firepower enough to immolate even a Named Adventurer—
The Necromancer saw the Tier 6 spell at first. Well, one of them.
[Ice Spikes] were shooting down from the ceiling in a constant barrage, like hail. Larger [Ice Spears] also landed, blasting the enchanted marble to pieces. Targeting the four enemies designated.
Well…trying to. One was cowering behind a pillar. Az’kerash recognized Bea, with huge wounds in her chest. She wasn’t dead, obviously, but a glowing javelin was embedded in her stomach, growing barbs into her flesh, nigh-impossible to remove.
Another of his Chosen was staring at her shattered legs, stupefied. A hammer’s blow had cracked the entire floor, caving it in and taking Venitra down.
The last two were fighting—or trying to. Ijvani was casting spells, but the ice-storm was targeting her and someone had taken half her ribs out, melting them with a sword swing. The last, Kerash, was stumbling away from a…skeleton…in armor…
The Necromancer stood there as Toren rampaged. He was winning! The artifacts and scrolls had brought the Chosen low. He heard the shrieking hum in the air, like their voices. It was coming from all the relics he wore, but he had Kerash running! He’d tossed the sword aside, gone for a mace that had shattered Venitra’s legs as it caused a meteor-strike of a blow, and had switched to a hand-axe to fight Kerash.
Revenge for Healing Slime! Justice for skeletons everywhere! No more! Never again! Toren saw Kerash backing up; the hand-axe left glittering cuts in the air that only faded after ten seconds or so. Each one could cut or block blows.
Awestruck, the newer Chosen and Healing Slime saw Toren walking forwards. He raised the axe, to hack Kerash down as the Chosen stumbled. The Draugr looked up, an unfamiliar expression of…panic…in his eyes.
“Enough!”
The voice thundered through the ballroom. Toren whirled. He stopped as he saw the Necromancer, Az’kerash, standing there.
Toren quailed. For a second, he looked at Az’kerash, missing the quizzical expression on the man’s face. Toren had known it would come to this. He slowly turned, planting himself, ready to face the final boss. He adjusted his helmet.
I won’t lose! Not for Healing Slime! Fight me, you…fleshsack!
Az’kerash’s mouth moved for a second.
“Fleshsack…? Healing…?”
He saw the skeleton advance, hammering the axe on the shield. The Necromancer felt Toren’s defiance. Pride. He refused to let his friend die. He would rather fight. He wouldn’t fail! Couldn’t!
The hum in the air reached a crescendo. Toren felt all his gear vibrating and wondered if that was a new eff—
