8.23
Page 8
Selys grumbled, but she looked a bit happier than her moping-self ever since she’d gotten the [Message] from Ceria. Mrsha nodded. This served multiple purposes! Cheering up the two Drakes, and—she glanced sideways. Palt and Imani were making eyes together at a separate table. Drassi and Selys nudged each other and laughed.
Mrsha had suggested that too. It was a properly lateral Erin-move. A bit of kindness, and a treat for the two.
It helped assuage the pain in her heart, as if small kindness could make up for what she was about to do. 
Mrsha the Penitent patted at her mouth with a napkin, although she had yet to actually take a bite. Selys broke off laughing with Drassi.
“Ignore her. She’s been like that all day.”
Imani stopped talking with Palt long enough to call over. Mrsha ignored all the adults. They were not aware of the situation.
She slunk down in her chair, her hat tugged lower over her features, knowing she was being watched. A group of four [Knights], not in their armor, but still dressed in the same flashy colors and metallic cloth were dining together. She heard their conversation.
“…just sitting there. If that isn’t a sign, Ser Dalimont…”
“…do not stand up. If the girl runs, there will be a scene. We are meant to be covert…!”
The Thronebearers were eating at this fancy restaurant. Little did they know…it would be their last meal. For the day. Maybe for two days if they were really traumatized.
The staff were so enamored of Drassi they didn’t even make Mrsha take off the hat and oversized jacket she’d been wearing around. The [Reporter] had already signed a few autographs, and the owners themselves had come over to talk to her.
Perfect. All was in order. Mrsha closed her eyes. She had no direct link with her agent, but she knew the plan was underway. She waved for one of the [Servers] as she wrote on a notecard. Drassi and Selys were discussing the location of the Horns, the treasure, before trying to have a meal without talking about it…
Unbeknownst to them, her agents were in play. Two of them, moving through the back of the restaurant. 
They had investigated the kitchen through the window, and of course, she was working with professionals. Niers Astoragon, the Titan, was no stranger to staying hidden. Of course, the danger was anything that might hurt a Fraerling of his size.
Hence, his backup. Apista the bee, who could deliver him at heights above most dangers. They were her A-team, but the Titan would have never gone for this operation if Mrsha hadn’t been able to persuade him of the safety.
How would he get the pouch of spices into the entrée of soup for the [Knights]? Let them assume he could pinpoint the bowls for the [Knights]—no hard task for a [Strategist] used to keeping track of a battlefield, who could easily manipulate things as well—how would he deliver it without everyone seeing a tiny man or bee buzzing around a kitchen?
Well. Mrsha had a few options, but since Ulvama didn’t know about Niers, one of the easiest ways—getting the [Shaman] to cast a spell—was out. She’d come up with a more convenient solution that Niers had been blown away by.
Something tapped Mrsha on the head and she heard a familiar buzz. So did Selys and Drassi. They looked around.
“Does that sound like a bee to you, Drassi? Reminds me of Apista.”
Selys frowned. She looked around, but Apista was already flying away.
“I heard it too!”
Drassi’s head turned, but the [Reporter] couldn’t see Apista, or Niers. They were already returning to the inn.
