8.23
Page 9
Invisible. And it didn’t even take a full invisibility-potion to do it. For people their size? Only a bit.
Oh my, but where could poor little Mrsha get an invisibility potion without having to buy it? Mrsha rubbed her paws under the table, keeping her face straight. How handy of Octavia to have a few of the latest products, courtesy of Saliss of Lights.
Come to think of it, Saliss would have been all on-board with this plan. Mrsha closed her eyes and thanked her spiritual mentor. Niers had participated, for the rest of the invisibility potion. He saw the utility in it, and Octavia’s shop.
Mrsha? Mrsha only saw the dead. She looked at the [Knights] as the [Server] hurried over.
“Can we get something for Miss Mrsha? Another drink? Is the steak not good enough?”
 
The steak is fine. Please, send this over to that table, directly.
 
Mrsha held up a notecard. The [Server], bemused, took the object Mrsha handed her. Selys and Drassi frowned and glanced at the table of Humans.
“Do they know you, Mrsha? They’re staring at us.”
“Maybe they’re fans of yours, Mrsha. What was that?”
Mrsha the Studiously Innocent just shrugged, watching as another [Server] came forwards with four bowls of soup. Right on time, she saw her message being delivered as the [Knights] sat with their soup.
“That Gnoll asked me to send this to your table, Sirs, Madams. Please, enjoy.”
Ser Dalimont blinked. The other Thronebearers stared at Mrsha, then the object the [Server] had taken from her serving tray. It was…
A little flower. Not a Faerie Flower; they were dead. This one was white. White as Mrsha’s fur. The Thronebearers blinked.
“What does that mean? It’s flower-language, perhaps? Is it some kind of code? It looks vanilla-white to me. Are any of you up-to-date on flower-language in the courts?”
One of the Thronebearers of Calanfer picked up the flower. Ser Dalimont and Mrsha gave the man a look of incredulity. The others stared at Mrsha.
“We must talk to her. After our meal, Ser Dalimont. But let us not keep food waiting. To glorious Calanfer, and the Dawn Concordat! May it stand against wretched Ailendamus, and we return in glory and success!”
The female [Knight] toasted and the others rose, decisively. Some of the other diners looked around, but they drank, sat, and began to sip from the bowls. Mrsha saw the curiously dark liquid pass into their mouths, and then a few more spoonfuls into the hungry [Knight]’s mouths before their good-natured comments and expressions turned to puzzlement. Then, to horror.
The white Gnoll closed her eyes and sat back in her chair. She sliced another bit of steak and inserted it into her mouth as the cries of pain began, the uproar, the ill-advised drinking of water. Selys and Drassi started, and some of the other diners got up, looking warily at their soup.
Only Drassi, the former-[Gossip] put it together fast enough. And perhaps Ser Dalimont. However, if he could have spoken past his swollen lips, Mrsha would have been impressed. The power of Calescent’s new blend was that it didn’t burn for a little bit. When it did…
Mrsha folded her paws on the table and patted her mouth again. Ah, but it tasted like ashes. Like blood. Can my conscience ever let me enjoy another meal in peace?
