8.23
Page 5
That was when a new client entered the scene. Calescent tapped Mrsha on the shoulder as she was about to roll down the hill.
“Mm. Trade?”
The [Chef] from the underground caught Mrsha’s eye as she sat up. He reached into a pouch and produced a small bag. Mrsha sniffed it, sneezed hard, and sniffed again.
Oh wow. She’d hit the goldmine! Or rather—spice mines! Calescent was offering her pure, high-quality spices for the cigar.
And that wasn’t a euphemism! Mrsha didn’t have to think. She held out the cigar, took the small pouch, and shook hands with the Goblin. He nodded to her. Mrsha handed him a card. Then she turned.
All four Goblins, even Numbtongue, leaned over to read the card over Calescent’s shoulder.
 
Nice doing business with you. Remember: we never met. I was never here. Burn the card.
 
Rags looked over. Mrsha nodded to her once, coolly—then began somersaulting down the hill and giggling.
 
—-
 
That was fun. Humble as it may be, Mrsha thought it was a good use of time. If you died tomorrow…at least you could say you had fun.
Plus she’d gotten ahold of a weapon, trading item, and flavor! All in one! She knew that Calescent’s spice-blend came in a few types:
Death spice, which had no flavor besides pain. He coated his weapons with that or tossed it into people’s faces in battle.
Flavor spice, for cooking. Hot! But delicious. Imani had actually bought some in bulk.
This stuff now…Mrsha peeked into the bag and decided it was a variant on flavor-spice. Calescent had obtained ingredients from Octavia and Imani that a Goblin had trouble finding, and was mixing up a new batch of experimental stuff. He could, of course, conjure some spice each day from one of his Skills, but he still had to experience new spices before he could make it his daily bonus.
Spice was worth a lot more than Dreamleaf to Mrsha. She even knew what she was going to do with it! Mrsha the Spicy narrowed her eyes. Life couldn’t all be fun and games. She had enemies. Erin had enemies.
Today…was a reckoning twice-over. As you ate food and suffered—and when you tried to pass it on the toilet. She smiled evilly to herself. Some Gnolls…yes. Some Gnolls just wanted to watch your insides burn.
 
—-
 
Liscor was quiet. It was raining. The skies opened up, as if weeping for what could be avoided.
If only Gnolls and other species were kinder. Mrsha shook her head and lit a match. She pretended to puff on the wooden straw, then gave up and blew out the fire because it made her cough too much.
“Mrsha, what’s that about? Is that another story from the inn? A movie? You promised to show me, remember?”
Ekirra whined. He was so innocent. So naïve. Yet innocence could hurt. Mrsha saw he was still wearing his football jersey. The Little Crabs’ star striker. He smiled at her, oblivious to the way his comments about Mrsha and Visma being terrible at football could hurt.
You wound me, my friend. I wish I could be the bigger Gnoll. However. You have only yourself to blame.
Mrsha didn’t reply to Ekirra’s questions about the movies on the laptop and other devices. He went back to licking his lips.
“Thanks for the new sandwich, Mrsha! Imani made it? It smells good!”
He began gobbling it down. Mrsha leaned back against the wall and tugged the hat down over her eyes. She waited.
“It’s…really tasty! Sort of hot.”
Ekirra’s voice changed from excited to puzzled. A strangled tone entered his voice.
“It’s really spicy. Mrsha, do you have any water? It’s hot! It’s so hoth! Wather! Ow! Ow—”
