8.23
Page 13
“Is it alive? Should I kill it? I have been told by my…our…creator. Father, that my sword should only be bared for a worthy cause. Even if that is only self-defense. Is this a worthy cause?”
He recited the words without understanding. However, there was curiosity there. Toren waved his hands frantically. No, no! Devail looked at him and to Toren’s relief…nodded.
“I will ask for clarification in my next training spar. I should…not tell the other Chosen where you are?”
Toren nodded. Devail considered this. Then he nodded again.
“A worthy cause. By my sword, I swear.”
He produced the rapier, saluted Toren, and then slithered under the door. The skeleton stopped shaking in his…bony feet.
What a relief. Devail was one of the three reasonable Chosen. The other being Maviola…’s undead copy, and Wesixa.
Well, Wesixa creeped Toren out. She had inherited too much of the spider she was made of, and liked to sit in silk-nests in the ceiling and stare down at you and ask why you were running around.
Stupid kids. Az’kerash and Belavierr were geniuses of magic and creation. Terrible parents. Even Toren could tell that. He began to unwedge the chair from the door, beckoning to Healing Slime. It was curious why he wanted to leave!
Toren’s opinion, which he communicated as best he could to Healing Slime, was that Devail was not to be trusted. Even if he swore, he could let it slip. Besides—Toren threw open the door.
“‘There are better places to hide.’ I told you I could hear it, Kerash.”
A voice spoke Toren’s inner-thoughts. He froze and saw two glowing flames in a skull coated with dark, magical iron. Ijvani and—the giant Draugr-type Gnoll—
Kerash. They stood together in the doorway.
Toren didn’t freeze or start. Those were glandular, living-reactions. In one move he whirled, grabbed up Healing Slime, and charged for the window. He jumped to burst out of it, hoping the fall wouldn’t hurt Healing Sl—
“[Chains of Steel].”
Ijvani pointed and long chains of metal shot forwards. They wrapped around Toren and caught him, mid-jump. The skeleton fell, struggling, pointing. Get to the window! Get to—
Healing Slime wavered. Its glowing form changed purple, into the Potion of Speed. It rolled towards the window, back to Toren, struggling to get free—
Kerash stomped Toren’s head in. The skeleton went limp and the Gnoll nodded in satisfaction.
“It ran from us for three days. Let’s break it into pieces. Call Venitra and Bea, Ijvani. What is this?”
The Draugr’s head swung around. Ijvani glanced at Toren trying to reform its head. She exclaimed.
“That is the slime! I thought it was dead! My slime. This lesser undead stole it!”
Her head rotated on its neck to glare at Toren.
Not yours. Terrible owner. Leave it alone. The skeleton was repairing himself as fast as possible, but it wasn’t the instantaneous process it used to be.
Ijvani listened to Toren, one of the first beings ever to hear him. She heard him out, and then pointed a finger.
“[Lava Orb].”
She tossed it on Toren, then turned back to Kerash, who was slowly cornering the zippy-slime.
“It is mine, Kerash. Do not break it.”
“You break yours. It is not Oom. It was not created by Master. Therefore, I am bored. Let us see how many times it can divide, like the others.”
“Hm. That would be fun. Ah. Venitra, Bea. We found the skeleton. And look.”
Venitra and Bea appeared in the doorway. They glanced at Toren with malicious satisfaction—only a bit disappointed he was burning, writhing on the floor already dealt with—then looked at the Healing Slime.
“It lives. Is that your slime, Ijvani?”
“Yes. This thing took it.”
