8.23
Page 29
“Not to mention that damned Kaalblade or whatever it was she was swinging around? I nearly lost my jaw, watching her slay—it must have been sixty Wyverns!”
“Indeed. A magnificent weapon.”
“I would love to see it. And speak to her briefly. One always needs a trusty Courier.”
Pellmia nodded a few times. Tyrion gestured ahead.
“We are riding back. I can send word to Ullim to prepare guest rooms.”
The older [Lord] hesitated. He was clearly torn, but eventually slowed to stare up at the trees. They were passing around one of the smaller forests, grown from the Vail Forest itself.
Sunlight dappled leaves overhead. The breeze was blowing gently, rustling the world around them. The sound of the horse’s hooves, the smell of nature…
It was on days like this a man felt alive. Tyrion looked as relaxed as Pellmia had ever seen him. In his element. It was rare to see him not…so stiff. Even smiling.
They said of him, behind his back, that every time Lord Tyrion smiled, spring was delayed another month. Or that every time he smiled, a Kraken stirred.
…That was cruel. Injust. Lord Pellmia had known Tyrion as a boy, and more as he grew older. He had always been like this, but there had been a time when he smiled more. When he laughed and when he hadn’t been stone. He thought…he had seen that again.
The [Lord] spent so much time looking at the forest trail that Tyrion eventually cleared his throat.
“Pellmia? Will you be staying?”
Pellmia stirred. He glanced at Tyrion, and shook his head.
“I should like to meet the Wind Runner, but I won’t impose. Tell me, Tyrion. What are your impressions of her?”
He listened, carefully, as Tyrion’s brows knitted.
“She is an extraordinary Courier. I’m in her debt. She has been honest and straightforward as one can ask for, and she is certainly fast. Her ability to command the wind is impressive.”
He replied after a moment. Pellmia nodded.
“Not to mention her magic sword. And your sons like her?”
“She…has a way with them. Sammial and Hethon respect her, which is rare. I find her curious. Brave. Refreshing.”
It seemed Tyrion had gone one word too far, because he turned his head slightly and regarded the distant riders. Pellmia sighed, and smiled.
“Striking too. Is she from Baleros, Drath…? Ah, well, that doesn’t matter, does it? It’s a rare sort of woman, whom you take to. It was like that with both my wives. I still miss Eiress.”
His first wife, another casualty of the March of Roses. Tyrion dipped his head silently. He waited for Pellmia to make sense, but the [Lord] just hummed under his breath.
“Tyrion, it’s out of concern, not anything else, you understand.”
“…I’d hardly take offense to you, Lord Pellmia. If I did, I’d state it directly.”
Pellmia waved a hand.
“Consider it advice. I know it has been a while and well, the young man I remember had a certain charm—but all the tact of a lance to the chest. It’s my experience, and that of Keireen—who sends her regards—that you need to make an effort.”
Lord Tyrion’s eyes flickered.
“About…? And how so?”
Pellmia blew out his cheeks. This was harder than he thought. Taking aside a younger [Lord] was easier than a man Tyrion’s age. He wished he’d gotten backup—but imagine six [Lords] all riding together and gossiping like girls? No, no. He pushed on.
“Activities, Tyrion! A Courier is not, well, not like regular women. Some might be impressed by House Veltras’ amenities here, but you must admit, for someone of her means and travel, this area can be quite dull. I’m sure Miss Griffin might appreciate more interesting pursuits?”
