8.23
Page 26
Not for recipes for ice cream and personal correspondence, of course. Ryoka had done a confidential delivery usually entrusted to good, reliable City Runners or Couriers.
Moreover, she’d done it fast and cheap. It was a favor to House Veltras. Ryoka relaxed, nodding.
Guilt. That was why she was here and Mrsha might understand that. Ryoka did send her a [Message]-letter trying to explain. What had she written?
 
…very sorry, Mrsha. I will come back as soon as I can, but there’s something I need to check while I’m near a port. Um. Boats and ships and stuff.
I also have to stay because I owe Lord Tyrion and House Veltras a debt. People died in the fighting because I asked him to send an army to fight. I need to repay that if I can, even a bit.
 
Hence her delivery-run. It was a matter of honor. Mrsha had written back she understood…in her stylistic way.
 
…Whereupon I find myself disappointed by your pressing need to honor your affairs, Ryoka, I shall await your egress with much anticipation and conduct myself with all due diligence until such time as…
 
It came to something, Ryoka decided, when a kid could use the word ‘egress’ such that even Ryoka herself didn’t know if it was correctly applied.
The point was, she’d helped. In a small, non-dramatic way. It was so rare that Ryoka gave herself a pat on the back.
Then a bath. No hot-springs with Unicorn horns for her, but Ullim had some water hauled in and heated in a copper bathtub.
Ryoka would have refused for the servant’s sake, but since this was a magical world, it wasn’t the laborious, painful way of doing it in the dark ages—or even until plumbing.
A [Servant] did haul water out of the well, and the bath did need to be heated. However, rather than many buckets and a cauldron of boiling water or even one under the bath, they took a single Bucket of Holding, which Ryoka hadn’t known even existed, tossed it in the bath, and activated a heating rune.
Hot bath. Plus, some alchemical shampoo for a proper bubble bath and Ryoka was sinking into a haze of lovely golden bubbles. It felt great. She hoped she could do Tyrion a few more small favors, then excuse herself to visit Mrsha via Invrisil. That would keep him from making her take sword lessons and Jericha pestering her about…everything that was Ryoka.
They were aware of all Ryoka’s secrets, and only Tyrion’s own sense of propriety stopped Jericha from holding Ryoka upside down and shaking her until the truth fell out. Ryoka was just thinking of a good favor to do—maybe deliver some of his letters to Invrisil? She could combine that with a return to Lady Buscrei, maybe!
Mrsha might love one of the water-sleds. Or—or what about some other souvenir? A little bow? Wait—Lyonette would kill Ryoka if she gave Mrsha that, if Mrsha didn’t do it by accident…
Ryoka sank back further, letting herself drift off in the bath. She was close to napping in the lovely heated tub.
…Which was, of course when Sammial kicked open the door.
“You’re back! I’m bored! Oh—”
He saw Ryoka look up from her thankfully heavy cover of bubbles. Sammial stared at her. Ryoka’s frown returned.
“You’re naked! I’ll come back later!”
Sammial strode out. He didn’t close the door. He shouted into the bathroom.
“Hurry up!”
Ryoka Griffin was beginning to understand why some people hated kids. She groaned.
 
—-
 
In fairness, the reason Sammial was fine walking in on Ryoka was probably that he’d do the same to Ullim or Hethon, those being the only two people he regularly interacted with. Ryoka somehow doubted he’d try the same on Jericha…or knowing Sammial, he had.
