8.23
Page 34
“What if I ask for you? Would that help?”
Shyly, Hethon looked up at her and she saw the answer in his eyes. Sammial bit his lip, but then peeked at Hethon, at Ryoka, and nodded.
“That would be better.”
The Wind Runner smiled. She hadn’t actually expected to hear them say they just wanted more time from both adults, but it made sense. She went on.
“There are other things I learned when I was growing up. I took lessons in martial arts.”
“Martial arts? Like punching people?”
“Something like that. There was this school—well, it was good for me to practice something. You don’t have to do that, but it helps. Believe me. I sort of wish I’d played a musical instrument too…”
She had been thinking of all the things that could help two lonely boys. She knew they were destined to be [Lords] and she couldn’t do anything about that. But—kids to play with? They stayed at the keep, even before their father had been protective of them.
“You two shouldn’t stay here all the time. I know it’s House Veltras’ keep, but there’s no one like you. Your age, I mean.”
“There are the servants and city-kids. They play with us sometimes.”
Sammial pointed out, just to be contrary. However, Hethon knew they never acted around Sammial and him like they did when the two weren’t there. He looked at Ryoka, hungrily. How did she know what they wanted?
She met his eyes and he felt a shock. The wind blew around Ryoka, picking up a bit.
“Wouldn’t it be great to have a lot of friends, though? I—don’t know the perfect spot. But there’s one or two I can imagine. I’ll ask your father. What about visiting your relatives, like in the marshes? Lady Buscrei and her family in Oswen?”
“They don’t like us. I hate them.”
Sammial wiped his nose on his sleeve. Ryoka coaxed him.
“I don’t think that’s true. They were asking about you. Give it a shot? You could go sledding with the otter-dogs. Or what about staying in that town with [Druids] and learning from them for a while?”
The two boys imagined that. Their faces lit up. Ryoka looked at them and wondered why Tyrion, Jericha, Ullim, had never envisioned the same.
Perhaps because it was Tyrion. Had he grown up like this? It explained…a lot. Just practice courts, armies, the keep—she shook her head.
“I’ll talk to your father and Jericha and Ullim if you want me to. Okay?”
They nodded. Ryoka smiled. One last thing. She bent over.
“Great. In that case—I’ll give you one last thing along with talking to the adults. A little trick in case you get angry again, or frustrated. It helped me.”
Their eyes brightened. The vision of better education was hard for boys to understand, especially if they only knew this life. But a trick? From the Wind Runner?
“Is it a spell? We can’t cast magic properly yet, but I can use my aura! Hethon can’t!”
Sammy’s older brother shoved him and Sammy shoved back. Before they could escalate, Ryoka put a hand between them and shook her head.
“Nope. It’s just a trick in case you’re really angry and you have to do something. Instead of using your aura or punching someone—has anyone told you if you’re angry, you should punch a pillow?”
Sammy and Hethon eyed Ryoka.
“No…father says take it out on a practice dummy. Jericha says ‘let it go’, but she says stupid things sometimes.”
Sammy retorted. Ryoka exhaled.
“Yeah, neither one worked out for me. I used to go for a run, so that’s like the practice dummy. I went for a long run. But also: if I was ever really angry, I went to a field and screamed. Loud as I could. As long as I wanted, until I felt better.”
