8.23
Page 19
“Ijvani, Bea, Venitra, Kerash, you will all be punished. You must be, but more importantly, taught. I would not punish you for losing a battle, but torture…?”
He stared at the ceiling.
“It is not…no. I would do anything in my battle against the living. That you, unbidden, elected to do this out of a desire for entertainment is…wrong. I will rectify this. However. It seems I have neglected one other too long. Or rather, two.”
He turned to Toren and Healing Slime. The skeleton waited. Healing Slime…he’d done his best. He didn’t flinch from the Necromancer. Az’kerash bent down, looked Toren in his skull’s eye sockets, and nodded.
“My Chosen. If one of you harms either Toren or the slime in any situation outside of practice combat, in any real sense, I will be upset. I am already upset—I will be even more so if either one is hurt. Is that understood?”
All the undead nodded apprehensively. Az’kerash didn’t look away from Toren.
“As for you, Toren. I am minded to give you a purpose, if this is what happens when I neglect you. Your body cannot keep up with your levels. Thus, once repaired, I think…yes. You may be a fine instructor to Devail and Wesixa. Perhaps Maviola too, if Belavierr allows it, and the new Chosen.”
Toren stirred. The Chosen were astonished. Outraged! Hurt?
“Master, am I not a flawless [Duelist] already? I disarmed Toren.”
Devail pointed out, confused. Az’kerash turned to him.
“You are a superior fighter, Devail. However, there is more to battle than mere form. Toren is the living embodiment of that fact. You would do well to learn from it. As for the Potions Slime, well…neither potion is particularly valuable, but it may roam about. They do grow stronger with time, so perhaps after a century and enough nourishment…”
He was sighing as he went to contemplate the damage to his castle. Toren blinked, his flames turning off and on as he stared at the Necromancer’s back. He looked at Healing Slime and the Chosen.
Him? Teach? It was certainly an upgrade to be recognized at last for his amazing qualities! Toren grinned…and kept his thoughts from leaking, for once.
He’d done it. He’d beaten the other Chosen. If he could do that…the Necromancer was locking up his vaults since Toren had ruined at least two artifacts and a number of scrolls.
However, if Toren could do that? He looked at Healing Slime and it peeked back at him. Toren finally began to envision a plan. If he could beat the Chosen, maybe they could escape. He gave the Necromancer a big smile when Az’kerash turned back towards him.
Perril Chandler eyed the innocently-grinning skull. He tapped it on the forehead and attached a tracking spell. He was going to have to find a use for it. Then he sighed, and began trying to raise his children again.
Where was Belavierr? Not that he really wanted her nurturing touch. Az’kerash began to regret that he’d never had a partner in life—not…well, not in a marriage, raising a child. He felt like he needed someone else to help him. Maybe he could make an undead for that…?
Az’kerash wondered if it was a faux pas to ask Fetohep for parenting tips for the undead.
 
—-
 
It was an enduring truth that the loudest, the minority, the individuals, defined ‘everyone’ in a group, species, or what have you. It was just something you lived with.
