8.23
Page 37
However, perhaps she’d helped with his burden. Hethon looked lighter as they walked over to meet Sammial. She nudged him.
“Just ask if you want to do that again. That was a relief for me too. I’ll just do that from now on.”
He nodded shyly. That was how they met Lord Tyrion Veltras.
He was riding in the company of Lord Pellmia, Jericha and the others. He eyed the breathless trio, hair standing in crazy ways. Lord Pellmia glanced at the Wind Runner as she greeted them, abashed. He smiled.
“A pleasure to meet you again, Miss Griffin. We are all in your debt. I don’t know that you’d recall, but we met at the…party in Riverfarm? I am Lord Pellmia of House Quellae.”
The Courier didn’t remember clearly, but the name and face were familiar when he said it. She smiled and was surprised when they shook hands instead of her bowing.
“It’s very nice to meet you again, Lord Pellmia. I’m uh, sorry about the wind, Lord Veltras. Your sons were having fun. I’ve delivered the letters, as requested.”
“Thank you, Miss Ryoka. You have been exceptionally helpful, with both Hethon and Sammial and House Veltras’ affairs.”
Tyrion dismounted, nodding to her. Pellmia was smiling. Good with kids.
The younger [Lord] pointedly ignored the glance. Lord Tyrion inspected Ryoka, and had to reconsider himself in the face of his chat with Pellmia. Sammial was already talking about visiting other places and tutors? Ryoka appeared embarrassed and Hethon kept trying to shut Sammy up and greet Pellmia properly as the older [Lord] laughed.
It was all impropriety. With another guest not as familiar as Pellmia, Tyrion would have been embarrassed. If it wasn’t for Ryoka, he would have upbraided the two boys instantly, or Sammial.
However…it was always worth asking if he was wrong. He had scarcely seen them like this. Not just smiling, but like this.
Breathless, exhilarated, full of too much energy and having spent it already. What was…what was this?
Ah. Yes.
Happy. They seemed rather happy, despite all they had suffered through. Lord Tyrion saw it, and wondered why it was so hard to recognize.
It was so easy to thank Ryoka, to pretend that was all, to think of her presence as being good for Hethon and Sammial.
The thing was, you could never go back. The lance struck its target or missed, and the world changed.
Lord Tyrion Veltras would have had to lie to pretend he didn’t see things differently, and he hated lying. So, he nodded at Ryoka.
“You have been most helpful, Miss Ryoka.”
“Thank you. I—feel like I owe House Veltras. And we’re friends, I mean—Hethon and Sammial.”
She ducked her head, embarrassed and awkward. Far too forward. If she hadn’t saved his sons…but she had. It was hard to stand at a remove when you owed someone like that everything that mattered.
Tyrion thought of this. He nodded as Jericha and the other [Soldiers] got down and Pellmia murmured to Ullim.
“Just an hour or two, Ullim. Nothing long; I won’t tarry for dinner. I must be getting back, but something to knock the dust off? We were hit by flying dirt on the way in. Some kind of freak weather event. Perhaps a bit of a wash?”
Ryoka turned beet-red, but Pellmia neglected to assign specific blame. Sammial was opening his mouth.
Ask her to stay? Tyrion frowned. Lies and perspective. He looked at Ryoka.
“House Veltras stands in your debt, Miss Gr…Ryoka. If there is debt, it is mutual. Friendship, even. Your presence has been welcome for Sammial, Hethon, and I hope you will have time to stay. It is…good to see you.”
