8.23
Page 11
Hence, Toren hiding here, in the closet with Healing Slime. He might have taken his chances to find it food—but not today. Not this week. The Chosen were beyond agitated. It did not take a genius to figure out why, but Toren had still had to think for a bit.
“Emiress! Delighted! You know, we haven’t seen each other in years. Don’t flatter me; I just have good makeup. I’d pay for a Potion of Youth if I could afford it—”
“—Just a disgrace. Hrr. Yes. Drakes like that were why we fought. I see no mentions of this on Wistram News Network, yes? But then from the [Mages], what else would w—”
“—checking in for unusual [Slaves] this week—”
Az’kerash sat in his private chambers, dark eyes flickering as over a dozen voices spilled around him. He was stretching himself to his very limits, even for a mind like his. Holding a conversation with so many puppets, keeping each one animated, lifelike?
He was searching. Searching for the whereabouts of the Horns of Hammerad, as he had done since they had vanished.
No—that wasn’t accurate. Az’kerash had already located three. The half-Elf, the Antinium, and the woman with metal arms. Each one he had pinpointed, via listening in on [Message] spells, keeping tabs on the news.
The one he wanted, nay, needed to find was missing. Increasingly, the Necromancer was focusing on Chandrar and his limited networks there. Searching for [Slaves].
He was not the Wistram of today. If he could not locate Pisces Jealnet via his name and Az’kerash’s scrying spells, then something was blocking the spell. Which meant only one thing.
The worst of all scenarios was that. For more reasons than Pisces’ safety alone. He could be compelled—by the right class and level—to say everything. Thus, the Necromancer searched. Purely out of self-interest.
…No. Not even the Chosen believed that. They looked at their master, fearing to disturb him and saw the way he searched. The way he had raged and grown silent. The emotions they had scarcely seen in him, suddenly so common.
Concern for the living. The Chosen, like the children they were, felt the first uncertainty in the truth they held: that they were all that mattered in the world to their master, their parent.
Because they feared, they rampaged. Tearing apart undead, venting their anger in minor ways. Hoping, perhaps…
Toren heard the thunderous pounding of a huge shape. The Healing Slime shivered, then both went still as something—almost certainly Venitra—pounded past.
“Where is the skeleton?”
She was searching for him. Venitra loved nothing more than to bully Toren, who was the most living thing here, apart from rats or birds or the rare, poor animal that wandered into the enchanted forest.
If she caught him, she’d pull his bones off one by one like last time. Or grind them to powder. Toren couldn’t regenerate fast anymore. He was worried he’d die if too much of him was destroyed. And then what would happen to Healing Slime? Even if it turned into Speed Slime, it would never survive.
Toren had his steel longsword in the broom closet. However, he was well aware that the Level 28 [Skeleton Knight] and Level 13 [Sword Dancer] classes would not avail him against Venitra. She had been created to kill Gold-ranks, and she could do that before activating the enchantments on her body.
She was superior undead. Toren patted Healing Slime and felt worried. He needed to feed it soon, but his [Dangersense (Ward)] told him it was too risky. It had been close, some times. Ijvani had been about to find the slime when Toren distracted her.
