8.23
Page 6
She saw him bolt around, rolling on the ground, pawing at his mouth. Mrsha tilted her head up and stared at the sky as Ekirra howled.
To all those who have hurt me, I’m sorry. For what I’m going to do to you.
That had been just a pinch of Calescent’s new blend. Visma glanced up from where she was making sandcastles as Ekirra ran, crying, to his big sister to beg for water. Poor fool. Water just made it worse.
The Drake girl gave Mrsha a slow nod. Mrsha nodded back. She walked back in the rain, feeling neither proud nor sad. It had to be done. She greeted her bodyguards as they waited for her in the rain.
Palt and Imani stared at Mrsha. Palt’s mouth was hanging open. Imani closed hers.
“Alright. That’s enough movies for you.”
What? No! Mrsha’s face fell and she waved her arms frantically. Imani just shook her head. Palt leaned over.
“Was she copying another of those movies?”
“Scene-for-scene. I am going to kill Joseph and Kevin. That one’s about crime.”
“Ooh. Why don’t we watch it later without kids?”
“Stop it, you. Maybe tonight. Let me see if anyone has it. Who’s cooking?”
Mrsha stomped past the flirting couple, who’d taken her into the city at her request for this mission of not-mercy. She glanced past her two principal bodyguards for the second pair lurking in the street.
Credit where credit was due, Crimshaw and the other Brother of Serendipitous Meetings looked rather disturbed by Mrsha’s reenactment of a scene they probably knew fairly well. She nodded at them and they stared at her as she walked past them. One of them turned to the other.
“Crimshaw, it occurs to me in this moment that we might be a bad influence on the kids, as it were.”
Crimshaw nodded, eying Mrsha. She was already thinking of her next target. Ekirra would live. She’d taken it easy on him; it was just a lesson in manners.
Her real enemies were in this very city. Polluting the air with their breath. They were an infestation, with respect to Antinium of course! They had to be dealt with. Still…it was going to take more work than a casual sandwich-hit. She needed a team. Mrsha strode back to the inn—or would have, but Palt and Imani stopped to admire a rather catchy tune.
“Oh, it’s a song-crystal! That’s from—Palt, that’s from you-know-where! It’s a good song!”
“I’ll buy it for you if they have any in stock. You know they lose their song after a few months at most, though, right? But for you, I could copy it…one moment.”
They paused at the booth by the streets. Mrsha saw Palt trot over, buy one from the [Trader] who was selling song-crystals playing, and present it to Imani with a flourish. From the Singer of Terandria herself.
Mrsha had not realized how cutesy the Palt-Imani couple was. She put her paws on her hips. She needed a better, more dedicated crew to the art of vengeance. Even Selys was better than this! And Drassi!
Well…good for them, Mrsha supposed. They were one of the few couples she knew. Hexel and Elirr, Imani and Palt, Wailant and Viceria—okay, she knew a few.
Jelaqua and Maughin, now…they were just as bad. The adventurers were returning to Pallass or Liscor, some of them, but they weren’t here yet. Mrsha shook her head. A shame. She’d have more clients, more agents to work with. Still, she thought she had a decent team so far.
 
—-
 
“You want me to what? Absolutely—wait. Say that again? There are Thronebearers of Calanfer in Liscor? Damn—I need an encyclopedia or something. All my notes are gone!”
