8.23
Page 1
“Ooh! Very nice! If I were you, though, I’d add a symbol on the apron. Right there.”
“Which one?”
“Mm. Liscor’s crest? Something stylish. Just so they recognize it’s ‘you’. I have my own logo on my goods. Haven’t you seen them?”
Imani frowned. Palt handed her a cigar with a wounded look. At this point, Mrsha left the metronome instead of winding it back up. She padded over and saw Imani and Palt sitting together, next to the fire.
It was raining. So, Mrsha had learned their planned outing was cancelled. Undeterred, the two had another stupid couple-thing: designing an outfit for Imani and Palt to wear as cooking-instructors.
Both of them liked designing ideas and Palt had found some fabric for reference. They weren’t going for the monochrome white [Chef]’s outfit with the poofy hat from Erin’s stereotypes. Imani wanted something where you didn’t sweat to death in a hot kitchen. Stylish, even.
Palt was showing Imani a copy of the cigar he was smoking; it had a miniature, very stylized horse with a wizard’s hat and wand in the background in a tiny circle.
“See? It’s a stamp…well, I can do a magical tracing. Something like that.”
“You made it yourself? You’re so good with designs!”
“Why, thank you. I had it commissioned.”
Palt looked pleased. He put an arm around Imani’s shoulders and they hugged, both smiling happily. The two paused as Mrsha loudly gagged and made a throwing-up sound.
“Mrsha, don’t you approve of our love? I expected this kind of thing from Lisms and…Lisms, but from you?”
Palt looked wounded. He put a hand over his heart. Mrsha, outraged at being compared to Lism, shook her head violently and began to scribble. Imani began to giggle as Mrsha shoved a notecard towards them. She bent over and read out loud.
“To Palt: Wherefore, and due to my good grace and manners, I will not reply in kind for your dastardly insult in comparing me to that Drake, I still insist you withdraw your scurrilous comment or—pfft—”
She and Palt began laughing so hard they collapsed against each other and Imani nearly fell out of her chair; Palt was just sitting on the ground at the lowered table.
Outraged that her literary acumen was being used as entertainment, Mrsha pounded a fist on the table. She looked at the guffawing two, and decided she’d had enough of them. Mrsha the Serious snatched Palt’s cigar and leapt onto the floor of the inn and began huffing her way towards the closest wall.
“Hey! Mrsha, what are you doing? That’s not for children! Palt, stop her with magic.”
Alarmed, Imani stared at Mrsha, stuffing the cigar into her personal bag of holding. Palt was still chuckling. He glanced at Mrsha.
“I wouldn’t worry.”
“Palt.”
A warning tone entered Imani’s voice and the Centaur sat up straight. He clarified, hurriedly.
“I’m sure Mrsha doesn’t actually use them. I think she trades them. Don’t give me that look, Imani. What’s the harm in letting a kid do some good, old-fashioned bartering? I did it when I was her age…”
Mrsha walked into the Garden of Sanctuary. Sure enough, Palt was right. He was rich enough that he let Mrsha walk off with a cigar now and then—especially for ‘services rendered’.
That used to be Mrsha helping smooth things over if he annoyed Erin. Or nudging Lyonette to help him, or distracting her. Or—one time—persuading Nalthaliarstrelous to sell Palt some of the plants in his garden.
Anyways, the point was that when she got her paws on one, a Palt-cigar was worth some serious Mrsha-money.
