8.23
Page 18
The skeleton exploded. Healing Slime, Devail, Wesixa, Maviola, Az’kerash, and the other Chosen saw two of the artifacts on his body glow, and then burst as the magical resonance finally broke.
Like all good adventurers learned, so many clashing magical enchantments…Az’kerash threw up his hands reflexively to shield his face. Not that his cloak of darkness let the shrapnel touch him.
He saw Toren’s bones and the remaining relics spray across the room in a flash of light and sound.
When the dust finally cleared, Az’kerash looked around the trashed ballroom. His injured Chosen. He blinked at least two dozen times. Then finally walked over and pointed to a scrap of bone.
It reformed into a skeleton’s head. Two glowing, purple eyes appeared and stared up.
The Necromancer of Terandria looked at Toren. Toren looked back.
Uh oh. Not according to plan. Toren tried to form a fist.
Across the room, a single digit curled up. Toren mentally shrugged.
Well, it was a good try. He waited for the inevitable. Then his eyes brightened.
Oh! He was leveling up into a new class! And he was gaining in [Carer]!
Sweet. Just in time for oblivion.
 
—-
 
“If I understand this correctly, you, my Chosen, were slowly killing this slime—Ijvani’s slime—and had been destroying Toren without mercy or reason. Whereupon, at last, he fought back.”
Az’kerash’s voice was not as icy-cold as it could be, the Archmage Chandler’s stinging tone he used to lecture students and fools. It was…
Well, more disappointed. Which was worse. The Chosen stood there, shuffling their feet, looking away.
“And you lost to a single [Skeleton Knight]. No…a [Relic Guardian] now, isn’t it? That a skeleton could reach that level…”
Az’kerash eyed Toren. Only the skeleton’s head and upper torso were repaired. He had been a basic skeleton, a [Skeleton Warrior]. Now? He was a kind of undead that would have fit among the Village of Dead’s elites—if only the lower echelons.
Toren waited, apprehensive. Healing Slime was sitting on a side-table next to Az’kerash. Toren was afraid—but Az’kerash had studied it, produced some Sage’s Grass, and watched it consume that and a healing potion with interest.
“A Potions Slime. Dangerous. Unique. Ijvani, how many of your slimes have you deliberately killed?”
“I…some, Master?”
Ijvani had learned to lie. Which was growth…but Az’kerash’s look was displeased.
“He defeated you all. Four of my Chosen.”
He repeated it, with glum tones.
“He had your possessions, Master! He—it was cheating!”
Venitra protested, voice weak. She pointed at Toren accusatorially then flinched as Az’kerash looked her way. The Necromancer looked at Venitra, clearly confused.
“Then, Venitra—why did you not retrieve armaments in kind? You, Kerash, Ijvani, Bea? That would have equalized the odds instantly.”
The Chosen looked at each other, astonished.
“But Master, you gave us all the weapons we need, and our superior forms. Why would we stoop to using other tools?”
Bea replied. Az’kerash stared at her, and then began to massage his forehead with two fingers. He spoke without looking up, as the four wayward Chosen waited uncomfortably.
“…I have neglected your instruction. It is my error. You do not understand…kindness. You must. You are all superlative; not perfect. Even Cognita armed herself when the need arose. Have I really not improved on Zelkyr’s instruction one whit? That is—not a welcome thought—”
Toren was rather liking all this. He grinned—until the Necromancer swung his head around to regard him.
