8.23
Page 32
It was a huge shock. To himself most of all.
Pellmia saw it all in a second. An unguarded look on Tyrion’s face. The [Lord of Orchards] smiled. He turned his head, but Tyrion saw the gesture. The younger [Lord] struggled to speak.
“I…believed you were wrong at first, Lord Pellmia. Which may have been true. Up till now. Perhaps you were simply—forward. I would like to speak further. If we may.”
Lord Pellmia just nodded. He and Tyrion rode along. Speaking more openly. So, there it was.
Jericha lay on her back, eyes open wide. Struck, like a hammer. Well, she had fallen off her horse after riding into a branch.
 
—-
 
Of course, that was all just Tyrion. Ryoka Griffin was oblivious to the conversation as she stood with Hethon and Sammial in a field.
An empty field recently harvested of wheat. This was like Earth—only the rows were dug by hand, and they weren’t so packed. It was far smaller than a combine-harvester and mechanized industry could create.
However, Skills and magic made the field beautiful in other ways. Taller wheat, more lovely, of a greater quality.
If there was an analogy for the split between worlds, perhaps that was it. This world had less, but the less could be more special. However, people were still people between them.
Kids were kids.
She had thought, as they walked about, as Sammial and Hethon got on their wind sail-craft and let the wind blow them around, how to tackle this.
The truth was—giving kids a genuine lesson was hard. It was easy to say something high-minded like they had to take lessons and social responsibility and so on. Easy to say—but Ryoka thought of how she’d take it. She would probably look up at her older self, lecturing her about all this, then do a spinning kick to Older Ryoka’s leg.
Kids weren’t idiots. They were young, and maybe less intelligent in some ways, but they didn’t buy bullshit. So, after Sammy and Hethon had tired themselves out a bit, Ryoka walked with them and they found themselves in the field.
“Nice place, isn’t it?”
Ryoka looked around. The glory of nature, a beautifully-harvested field as the wind blew on a summer day. In moments like this, a woman—people—felt alive.
Hethon and Sammial nodded.
“Miss Griffin…”
The older young lordling hesitated. Ryoka was smiling. She turned her head and he stared up shyly at her. If other people admired Ryoka for many reasons, Hethon’s were maybe simpler in some ways…but that wasn’t the only reason! He tried to stop imagining walking in on her in the bath. Stupid Sammial—he’d kicked his brother hard when he heard about that.
“What is it, Hethon?”
She looked so peaceful, Hethon wasn’t sure if he should say it.
“Um. You know this is a field they’re reseeding, right?”
“Hm? Oh, yeah. Are we not supposed to be on it?”
Hethon hesitated.
“No, I don’t think the [Farmer] cares. But they’re reseeding it. So…it’s fertilized. You’re standing in manure.”
Ryoka’s face went slack. She stared at her feet. Her bare feet; Hethon and Sammial had shoes.
Ryoka Griffin began swearing and ran out of the field. Hethon and Sammial had to laugh. This was why the Wind Runner was great. Every second was like this.
At least she didn’t have Nama’s footwraps on. Ryoka sighed. Jericha said they were highly magical. She wiped her feet on the grass for about three dozen yards and then turned to the boys.
Her element of wonder had been partly lost, but the wind blew around them as always. That was beautiful. Ryoka was going to have a second bath later.
Yet in this moment, she turned to the kids. She composed herself, and launched into her speech.
