8.23
Page 0

(The author is taking their monthly break! The Wandering Inn will be back on the 29th! The 1st of June for Public readers!)
 
Ever since Erin had died, every day was like the last. Not the ‘last’ as in ‘the same as every day’, but like the last days ever. The days after the biggest storm you could imagine. The day after Ryoka Griffin had run away from the Goblin Lord and the Stone Spears Tribe had died, even if some survived.
Like that. It made Mrsha realize that time was a strange thing. Little things were important. Time with people mattered. Things? Things came and went.
The Gnoll girl had always sort of felt that the world would keep on going, things would stay the same. Like that strange ticking thing Kevin had just made.
He called it a ‘metronome’. It went back and forth, this little wand-like hand. Tick, toc, tick, toc…Mrsha’s head followed it left and right.
She had thought the entire world in the Stone Spears tribe would last forever. She knew people died…but the idea that everything could disappear in a single night?
The world was fragile. People were too fragile. So…time mattered. Mrsha wished she’d spent more time with Erin. Maybe asking her questions. She realized it now—now that her time was out.
She wanted it back. Mrsha thought that this revelation about time changed a lot. Why did she waste it on silly things, like getting angry when Ekirra kept telling her how much better at football he was, and proceeded to beat both her and Visma two-on-one?
Mrsha still wanted to beat him up and toss his ball down the well, but she felt it was a waste of time. She was learning…she needed to do things that mattered, just in case she couldn’t. In case she died tomorrow.
It was something the Antinium knew. Mrsha realized that was why they acted like they did. Pawn, Bird, Belgrade, and the rest.
Even Mrsha didn’t run around happily every time she ate eggs. But Bird ate like each one was the first and last meal he’d have. He hadn’t forgotten that once, not too long ago, a certain Worker had never been able to eat such food, and have such delights.
Bird was smart. Mrsha was getting smarter. She thought Bird had it worked out; how to live. Other people like Selys and Olesm and Lyonette worried all the time. Sometimes about important things, but each day, even if they were bad ones, Bird always found something happy. Well—since he had stopped staying in his rooms.
Mrsha the Hugely Introspective sighed as she watched the metronome. She knew that spending fifteen minutes staring at it was probably a waste of time, but she couldn’t look away.
Tick, toc, tick, toc.
“I don’t get it. It’s annoying the hair off me. I want to break it. How does Mrsha stand it? And what’s the point?”
“I told you, it’s Kevin’s prototype. Don’t break it; he worked really hard on it. It’s for keeping the beat. It’s a prototype for a clock.”
Two voices were speaking just behind Mrsha. The first’s was surly.
“Hmph. For singing? You’re telling me you’re fine with that sound?”
A sigh, and then Imani patted Palt on the arm.
“Can’t you cast a [Silence] spell or something to block out the sound? I thought that’s the entire point of being an [Illusionist].”
“Well, I—”
Palt stopped. Mrsha turned her head and saw the Centaur, unable to come up with a smart response, click his fingers. The sound and image of the metronome apparently vanished, because he said nothing else. Imani smiled.
“And…does that look good? I can’t tell.”
She pushed over some fabric and a piece of paper. Palt glanced at it.
