8.23
Page 12
In fact, the Skill was buzzing again. Toren hesitated. They had to leave the closet. Venitra wasn’t st—she was stupid. However, even an idiot like her realized Toren hid and she’d check the closet eventually.
So Toren opened the door and crept out with sword and slime in his ribcage. It peeked out, the glowing body and core swiveling with Toren’s head for one of the Chosen.
Coast is clear. Go, go, go! Toren sprinted down the hallway. He flattened himself against a wall.
Target secure. Hostiles?
He poked his head around the corner, drew it back. He only needed one look; the undead saw all, heard all.
No Chosen. Move out! He charged down the hallway, ignoring the Bone Crawler on the ceiling; it was just one of the guard-undead. Toren flung open a door and did a flip into the room, landing on his feet—
Healing Slime made a warbling sound as it bounced out of his ribcage. Toren turned back and hurried to help it reform and scoop itself up. It smacked one of his hands gently, upbraiding him for doing the flip.
Sorry! Toren patted it on its ‘head’. He could tell what Healing Slime was thinking, a bit. So could it. Was it the bond of such created beings such as they? His [Limited Telepathy] Skill from his [Carer] class?
One never knew. Toren looked around. At least that [Witch] wasn’t there. He feared the Chosen for their brute maliciousness—Belavierr was different. You could not run or hide from her.
Toren found himself in a dilapidated sitting room, long clogged with dust. He saw old bookshelves, table, couches…some kind of social chamber.
Perfect. Toren just needed a secondary hiding place within this area…he was heading over to the fireplace, hoping there was a working chimney he and Healing Slime could wedge themselves in.
Then something came out from under the door.
The skeleton whirled around. He had wedged a chair under the handle and locked the door! It did little good against this undead.
Nearly flat as paper. Sliding under the crack. Then—unfolding himself, rising.
Devail had no bones. However—he looked like a Drake. He had scales. Skin…sinew. No bone, but the way he had been made meant he could still fight like a [Fencer]. Which is what he was.
One of the newer creations of Az’kerash turned the empty sockets of the Drake-suit it wore towards Toren. Glowing lights appeared in the sockets, mimicking eyes.
“There you are. They are searching for you. Ijvani, Venitra, Kerash, Bea.”
Toren froze. Healing Slime quivered as it fled behind him. Toren lifted the sword. Devail studied him—
Then sprang forwards, drawing a rapier from his bag of holding. The [Skeleton Knight] slashed in alarm. What was—
The tip of the enchanted rapier pierced Toren’s hand and flicked the sword from his grip in the same motion. Devail flashed sideways, stepping with unnatural grace and speed. He saluted the air, a [Fencer]’s motion.
“Disarmed.”
Toren’s longsword clattered to the ground. The skeleton raised a hand, fearing the worst, but Devail just held the posture—then put his rapier away.
“I have disarmed you.”
He informed Toren. The skeleton’s jaw opened and closed.
No kidding? Devail looked pleased with himself.
“I have never failed to disarm a foe other than Az’kerash, our master.”
Good for you. Toren wanted to roll his eye-flames. Devail was new. He lacked the original Chosen’s maliciousness. He studied Toren and the Healing Slime, looking…curious.
“What is that?”
Healing Slime. Toren pointed. Devail tilted his entire body back and forth as Healing Slime peeked around Toren’s feet.
