8.23
Page 3
“What’s this? ‘I’ll give you the cigar for goods and services in kind…?’ Who taught you to write like that?”
Niers eyed Mrsha, somewhat disturbed. The Gnoll tapped the card. He shrugged.
“I could offer you credit once I get back to my company, but I’ve got nothing. What?”
He stared as she pointed.
“No, I’m not trading you my sword for it. Not even loaning it! How much of an addict do you think I am, anyways? You gave me a bit of that Centaur’s stuff. It’s strong and I could smoke one cigar over a month! Two months!”
Mrsha sighed, glared, but descended the ladder. The problem with small clients was that they had limited demands.
Back to the search for a profitable buyer. Mrsha the Palt realized there were some other prospective people in the garden today. She headed out of the jungle, picking burrs off her fur with annoyance, and saw them on the hill.
Ulvama, Rags, Numbtongue, and Calescent were in deep discussion. Well, Rags and Ulvama were. Calescent was more quiet, and Numbtongue was…gloomy. Their conversation was quiet, but audible to anyone in the garden with Gnoll-hearing.
“We are safe. For now. Adventurers know where we are. So? The High Passes are…high. Teams are not as dangerous as armies. Until we give them a reason, they will not come.”
Rags was speaking, holding a council with the two foreign Goblins. Ulvama glanced at Numbtongue. He didn’t reply at first. His head was bowed; he looked comatose. She sneered at Rags.
“So? They will come. They always will.”
Rags met the [Shaman]’s gaze.
“I know. When they do, I will be ready. I told you: right now, two things I care about. Finding a way to help Erin, if Goblins can. And finding the answer of this.”
She held up the thing around her neck. A key on a chain. A simple, ordinary key that was not magical to Ulvama’s gaze. Nevertheless, all four Goblins looked at it. Ulvama’s gaze was greedy—and nervous.
“What do you think?”
Rags turned to Numbtongue. When the Goblin’s head rose, it was his voice that replied, but changed subtly. Pyrite spoke.
“Good plans. Big plans. Like clouds.”
He gestured up at the sky overhead, visible through the garden’s circular opening. Pyrite went on, and even Ulvama listened quietly.
“Clouds are hard to see. Does Chieftain have plans like rocks? What happens tomorrow? What happens now?”
The Flooded Waters Chieftain nodded slowly, appreciating Pyrite’s response. She spoke, slowly.
“I have seen this…adventurer raid fail. Maybe the Horns are alive. Maybe not. We cannot help them. Maybe the other teams will trade that helmet for a cure. Maybe not. After listening, I have a plan. It is dangerous. It may endanger the entire tribe, but if I think it will help—”
She fell silent, the troubled look on her face turning to…irritation. She glanced sideways, and all four Goblins turned.
The little Gnoll girl nudging Ulvama and proffering the cigar froze. She raised her paws, backing up. She wasn’t trying to interrupt! Just strike a good deal!
Ulvama eyed Mrsha with resignation. Rags glowered. Calescent sniffed interestedly. Mrsha saw good business opportunities here. Goblins always had great merchandise.
The trouble was, Numbtongue was out of the game, being mostly depressed and sitting about. Rags? The Goblin Chieftain was on Mrsha’s blacklist, but Ulvama was good.
She had good trades, after learning that if she tried to steal Mrsha’s goods, a certain beaver-gang would pay her a visit in the middle of the night. As in, they’d get into her bed and sit on her. Despite her lack of a job, she did have services to offer.
