8.23
Page 25
Just a reminder, perhaps, that a lot had happened she hadn’t seen. Ryoka wasn’t sure what she could tell Lord Dereic, especially being a survivor who had no real right to her luck—that so many had died helping to get to the finish line.
Wisdom was, perhaps, in knowing there wasn’t any right thing to say. The man shook Ryoka’s hand as she left, and then stepped into the sea.
It was then she realized he’d come out of the water to talk to her, as much as it pained him. So she was twice-honored.
She covered all of House Veltras’ main members in just a week of flight. Which was amazing if you considered the distances involved. So much flying wore Ryoka out. She had to burn mana to fly if the wind wasn’t right, and she was gaining ‘flight muscle’ as she thought of it. Optimizing her speed, building her endurance.
Ryoka worried she’d lose her actual leg-muscle from flying so much. However, she just couldn’t deny that she was faster in the air than on the ground.
To make up for it, she did a wind-run, letting the wind blow her and running the way back. She loved doing a huge jump with the wind. She could cover sixty feet in a single jump.
That was hugely fun. The only dampener on Ryoka’s mood was a lack of more knowledge about the Horns’ whereabouts—and she checked at every Mage’s Guild—
And thinking of Erin. And Mrsha and the inn.
She had to visit. Now she could fly, there was no excuse not to. That was with the caveat of course that would still take nearly a week to fly to Invrisil, but it was exceptionally fast given how many hundreds of miles that was! Ryoka estimated that if she could fly at full mana-burn, she could get to Invrisil in three or four days from House Veltras’ keep.
That was over two hundred miles a day. The only thing faster was being on a magical bike plus a [Haste] potion. Then you could do a 24-hour run if you also got a maelstrom and gale-force winds for the last bit. Ryoka would pass on the crossbow bolts through the back, though.
She had to visit Mrsha, soon. If Lyonette was gone and Erin…Ryoka was guilty. However, it was her guilt keeping her here too.
The keep of House Veltras did look a bit dour and even small after seeing all the relatives. However, the instant Ryoka landed, the old [Majordomo], Ullim, was already striding out to meet her.
“Finished already, Miss Griffin?”
“Yep.”
The old man shook his head, as a few [Servants] hurried forward, offering a towel for Ryoka’s sweaty face, a drink, and on. She awkwardly tried to accept it so they went away faster.
“I should expect nothing less from a Courier. Even so, that’s astonishing. It takes a month sometimes for a letter to reach the family at regular speeds—and that’s with a City Runner to each branch!”
“Oh. Well—happy to help.”
“It is a great help, Miss Griffin. Lord Tyrion did not expect you back so soon—he is performing a tour of the north. I shall send a [Message] at once. Lord Hethon and Lord Sammial are at their lessons, but they would no doubt be delighted to speak to you if you are willing?”
Ullim was a curious man. As self-effacing and considerate as Tyrion and Jericha were…generally not. He was clearly the glue that kept this branch of House Veltras together. Ryoka smiled.
“I’d be happy to. Although…do you need me to send any more correspondence? I can hit a city close by and return by the evening.”
He shook his head instantly.
“You have done more than enough, Miss Griffin. Lord Tyrion has no outstanding messages that require physical delivery—a [Message] will do.”
