8.24
Page 42
She raised the basket and her father shielded his head. They all looked up. Ryoka was just a speck in the sky, now. Desinee sighed, wistfully.
“That’s it. We’ll never catch her. Not the Wind Runner.”
“Unacceptable. She can’t just fly off. I don’t have time for this.”
Pellmia’s head turned.
“Who is saying that? It’s her decision after all…”
He trailed off. He’d thought it was one of the other [Lords]. One of the other people here. But the voice continued.
“You won’t escape me. Not you, [Thief]!”
Everyone looked around. Sammial rubbed at his ears. He frowned. Then—stared up.
“What’s that?”
The gathered nobility looked up and cried out. High overhead, the sky opened. The Wind Runner, a speck in the air, twisted—
A bolt of lightning cracked down, glowing red and hit her. Keireen screamed. Lord Pellmia shouted in horror.
 
—-
 
“—not escape. You are hunted, [Thief]! I know your name—”
Ryoka Griffin felt one of her protective rings explode. She didn’t hear the rest as the voice screamed at her. She was falling, falling through hot air as her shredded wingsuit shrieked with the wind trying to buoy her up. The impact had torn the cloth—she was falling—
Damned busybodies.
The Wind Runner saw the ground spiraling towards her as she activated a failsafe. The Scroll of Featherfalling glowed—and she slowed, drifting towards the ground. She was dizzy—wounded. The red lightning had sapped something.
Was it fate? She felt the gap in the sky closing, swearing vengeance.
Yet, as Ryoka drifted to the ground, parts of her clothing on fire, half-fainting, she saw him. Speeding towards her, shield and lance raised, looking for the enemy.
Ryoka Griffin was laughing as Tyrion Veltras caught her. He looked down at her, serious. The Wind Runner stared up at him.
“I might be in a bit of trouble.”
Then she passed out.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I’m back. The break always helps.
Unfortunately, though, this month is going to be the month of business. Not writing—well, also writing, but mostly other stuff. I might have to keep the chapters short-er, and my break timing is going to be odd…but we’ll see what happens and I’ll keep you updated.
Hope this was a fun first chapter back! They’re always hard until I get into the groove of things, but it beats working with 0 breaks. I did that for like, 3 years with only a break every New Year? Madness.
Anyways, I am rest. Hope you enjoyed and see you next chapter! Watch out for lightning bolts from the sky. Thanks for reading!
 
The Queen and Her Inn, commissioned by MelasD, reader and fellow web serial author!
Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/MelasD
Audiobook: https://geni.us/Salvos-1
Melas: https://melaswebserial.com/
Salvos: https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/37438/salvos-a-litrpg-adventure
Tian: https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/41599/tian-a-litrpg-cultivation-isekai


 

