8.24
Page 39
“Was that Lord Aghonst I thought I saw coming up the road?”
Tyrion turned his head, bemused. He was willing to slow the fast-moving group heading north, but Jericha shook her head.
“Lord Aghonst seemed quite—tired, Lord Veltras. I directed him to the keep to rest.”
Where he would be expecting Tyrion, but hopefully be delayed long enough by Ullim to fail to catch up before they arrived. Jericha sighed, but she had cast her lot in with one side.
“We’re nearly at the outskirts of the orchards. I think it might be cherries—I’m told they’re ready to drop! Hethon, Sammial, are you fond of that fruit?”
“Yes!”
Both boys chorused happily, although Sammial was frowning. He was trying to copy the [Summer Knights] and set fire to a pinecone he’d picked up. Ryoka didn’t know which was more alarming. The idea of Sammial with a fire-aura—or the fact that the air seemed a tad bit warmer around him.
It was probably her imagination. Ryoka felt hot and cold. Clammy. This? This was a nightmare.
In a nutshell, Lord Tyrion had asked to court—date her. And he was…well, older. He had kids! He was Lord Tyrion of House Veltras, one of the most influential [Lords] in the world. And he had knelt down in front of everyone and—
Thwack. Hethon jumped as Ryoka slapped her head to knock the memory out. No good. The problem was…
How did she get out of this? Just run away? Pellmia had stopped her, and she owed Tyrion for the army, and the fae…but this?
She tried to think of it objectively. In a vacuum, in a complete void where there were no outside factors…the problem was, Tyrion would have had a chance. He was certainly attractive to her in a few ways.
However, he was a father. He had kids, and he was a [Lord] with all that entailed. Ryoka was also Ryoka and her ability to handle this was about on par with her ability to make friends or form meaningful relationships that didn’t involve life-or-death scenarios now and then.
She knew his reputation. He had sieged Liscor! He was a father and she’d already met Relc. She knew all of this—she just wished she didn’t actually like him. Despite everything, Ryoka didn’t hate Tyrion, who rode about like the wind and carried debts and…
“Just not this.”
Hethon glanced at Ryoka. She looked distinctly unwell. The Wind Runner was hiding behind him from Lord Pellmia, who kept trying to move her over to Tyrion.
“Ah, there’s my family. And look! We have guests! They’ve come out to meet us? What a surprise.”
Lord Pellmia beamed and Ryoka Griffin looked up. She took one look at Lord Swey, Lady Buscrei, Lady Desinee, Pellmia’s wife and daughter and the baskets they carried for cherry-picking and turned white. She saw them smile at her and Tyrion.
“Ryoka! We just met. What a coincidence that you should be here when we are. Tyrion, you rogue.”
Buscrei grinned at Tyrion, who nodded to her stiffly, uncomprehendingly.
“I didn’t expect to see you here, Buscrei. I heard you were in Oswen when Miss Griffin last visited…days ago.”
He glanced at her. Ryoka bared her teeth at Buscrei. The [Hunting Lady] winked.
“I just had to come up north for the produce and deliver some of the purified water. Ryoka, it is good to see you.”
“Miss Griffin. We’re all out picking cherries and we just heard Tyrion and company would be coming by for a visit. Why don’t you join us in harvesting, then we can all settle in. We could even make a game of it!”
Swey beamed around—Desinee nudged him. Introductions first! He was being too forwards. Ryoka Griffin looked around at the sly looks, the knowing glances and…snapped.
