8.24
Page 18
One could kill an armored [Knight] in a single shot. Not to mention the thirty-thousand [Soldiers] compared to the seven thousand of Pheislant’s [Soldiers]. True, a thousand were [Knights], but numbers were numbers.
“I see. Well, that settles it.”
Greysten had a small gathering around him. Dame Voost, Ser Zulv, and many of the older [Summer Knights]; his friends and regular company. Rabbiteater was included in that number too, and the other [Knights] were nodding as if it were obvious what had to be done.
“Summer’s Champion, I saw ranks of pikes and what looked like earthworks in front of Ailendamus’ army. They’ve been preparing for us.”
Ser Markus looked ready for the fight, but understandably wary. Greysten just nodded again, rubbing at his orange hair. He grinned.
“That is accounted for, Ser Markus. Get some rest. Order of Seasons! Men and women of Pheislant! We ride on Ailendamus’ army now! Make your preparations! Officers, to me!”
He roared and a cheer met his words. Rabbiteater glanced around, but the other [Knights] were breaking up, checking on their fellows, or their weapons. He leaned over.
“Wait. What was the strategy?”
They’d not mentioned it to him. Perhaps it was obvious. Greysten blinked as he looked towards some of Pheislant’s military officers.
“Oh, that. I plan on charging straight at Ailendamus’ army. We’ll do something with the Season of Spring and the [Soldiers]. I hope you’ll join me in the vanguard!”
He clapped Rabbiteater on the shoulder, beaming. The Goblin blinked at the Summer’s Champion. He glanced around. Hesitated. Then shrugged.
“Sounds good.”
 
—-
 
Charge the enemy. Ser Markus’ eager expression faded a bit when he heard the battle plan. Not least because if he heard it…
“It will be a glorious battle! I have command of the center spear. Dame Voost, my left. Ser Zulv? The right. I plan on taking the Season of Summer straight down the pass. I will, of course, need Pheislant’s support.”
“A-absolutely, Summer’s Champion?”
One of the [Commanders] of Pheislant’s forces tried to keep up with Greysten. He expressed his hesitation in that single sentence. Greysten heard it—and ignored it.
“Don’t worry, man. I don’t plan on making your [Soldiers] join us! The Season of Summer will be joined by our Autumn Knights—to counter the spellcasters. However, I plan on keeping Spring back. Ailendamus had several thousand horse. They’re most likely hiding around the hill. There, or there…they’ll want to take us from the rear. You’ll hold them off.”
The Summer’s Champion gestured to the sides of the pass. The [Commander] nodded.
“How many to reserve, Summer’s Champion?”
“All of you. I appoint Ser Thornst as leader of the Spring. Ser Thornst? Keep them off our back.”
“Yes, Summer’s Champion!”
“But sir! That would mean you intend to assault Ailendamus’ entire entrenched force with only the Season of Summer?”
The Pheislant [Commander] looked ahead, and the three ‘spears’ of [Summer Knights] each moved ahead of the rest of the forces. Greysten nodded.
“Exactly! I’m glad we’re on the same page. Alright then, move o—”
“Begging your pardon, Summer’s Champion, but isn’t that tactic foolhardy?”
Ser Markus burst into the conversation. Rabbiteater glanced up from trying to cram a bar of rations through the slits in his visor. The young Spring Knight flushed as Greysten and some of the other officers turned to him, but he had to speak his mind.
“Ser Markus. Go on. You have reservations?”
Merry amusement danced in Greysten’s eyes. Markus glanced at Rabbiteater; the Goblin hadn’t said a word, but surely he saw this was madness!
