8.24
Page 8
“Are you the [Knight] in the Singer’s music video?”
“I am, Lords and Ladies.”
Neranthei blushed a bit, but bowed, much to the delight of the others. They wanted to ask her questions, but recalled Seraphel was there. Now impatient, they waited for her reply so they could meet the real star of the ball, which was Neranthei.
What did she say? Seraphel met Lord Pulcre’s eyes again and hesitated. He was a short man, with a goatee. Nothing too odd about him; Seraphel would have taken him for a minor coastal lord judging by the faint weathering of skin and the fact that he didn’t appear on her list of important names.
She added him now. Because…he knew what he was asking. Or if not, he had good intuition. A hundred polite non-answers rose to Seraphel’s mind. A [Princess]’ obfuscation tactics.
But…oh, Eternal steps. She couldn’t help it. Seraphel sighed, took an un-princess-like gulp of the water and spoke.
“I was at Noelictus. At Ovela, where Ailendamus made an incursion into Noelictus’ lands. I should not like to speak too long about that time…it is near to my heart and painful to recollect. But yes, Lord Pulcre. I was there.”
Lord Belchaus Meron was walking towards their group, Prince Ruis by his side. The Lord of the Dance was politely fending off people; he was on a mission. The [Prince] needed to meet his guests from another world, but not here, obviously.
He was looking at Lord Pulcre, trying to figure out how long it would take to wrest him away; a frightfully long time. Maybe even forty minutes; he’d have to introduce himself to Princess Seraphel, and if she or one of the other two asked for a dance or…
“I was at Ovela.”
Princess Seraphel saw the Lord of the Dance approaching and wondered why. So too did the scrying mirror, recording the minor event no one really cared about except Terandrian politicians. She didn’t see that, or she might have minded her tongue.
They thought they knew Seraphel the Cursed. Two husbands dead; a poor, if not terribly unique tale. There was a lot of story that wasn’t covered in that, though.
The 4th Princess of Calanfer raised her head. She regarded the empty glass and glanced up. Her shoulders rose slightly. The almost-perfectly concealed look of tedium in her eyes vanished. Such that you realized she had been hiding it a moment ago. She nodded to herself, eyes flickering backwards in time.
“To say it simply, Lord Pulcre—I saw many astonishing things during my time in Noelictus. I suffered heartbreak, yes. However, I was privileged to have met my friend, S—Cara. You may know her as the Singer of Terandria. I survived an army of the undead raised by a rogue [Necromancer]. And I saw an army of the dead rise to battle Ailendamus.”
The listeners looked around. They blinked at Seraphel. An army of…?
The 4th Princess didn’t realize how interesting she was becoming. She met Pulcre’s eyes. As Lord Bel stopped, interested.
 
—-
 
Lyonette blinked. Seraphel had met the Singer of Terandria? But Ryoka and Erin had both said that she was an Earther…she leaned forwards, frowning.
Seraphel looked different. Not as angry as Lyonette remembered her. And she had been—hard to be around for a long time. Indifferent or snappish. But then—she had been married at Lyonette’s age to her first husband, and Lyonette had only really remembered her like that.
Tired.
The 4th Princess did not seem so, here. She shook her head.
