8.24
Page 21
“They are [Knights], sir. The Order of Seasons is one of the most accomplished [Knight]-Orders in Terandria.”
One of the [Strategists] pointed out cautiously. General Vexil was known to be overconfident in his own right. However, the [General] had made all the correct moves…aside from contemplating retreat or defeat.
“Aura weapons. I’m aware. The Season of Summer is fire, correct? They’ll resist our [Pyromancers], more’s the pity. However, we have enough generalist [Mages] to counter their full power. [High Mage]! Put a dampener on their spirits.”
The singing [Knights] were riding closer, nearly within Greatbow range. They slowed as one of the [Mages] activated yet another counter to their powers. General Vexil snorted and told his [Mage] to disregard the Duke’s complaints until after the battle.
He smiled and looked up as it began to rain.
 
—-
 
At first it drizzled. Then it became a downpour. The [Summer Knights] formed up as an unnatural storm began to roll in.
“Summer’s Champion! Weather magic! Do you want us to fight it?”
One of the Autumn Knights attached to his spear rode up to them. There were only about thirty, and a third had been placed at the front of each spear, right behind Greysten, for reasons that Rabbiteater didn’t get. The Goblin had been told he was the only other [Knight] who’d be fighting?
Well, Greysten hadn’t said otherwise, and Rabbiteater wasn’t in charge, so the Goblin sat back and listened as Greysten snapped orders. Unlike Markus, Rabbiteater knew better than to question the [Raid Leader] or Chieftain right before the fight.
“It’s just rain. This [General] hasn’t done his research!”
The Summer’s Champion laughed as he put on his helmet. His voice grew louder despite the muffling armor.
“Now we come to it. Knights of the Autumn, I thank you for joining me! Spring, and Fall join Summer!”
The other [Knights] cheered the small group of Autumn. It was the Order of Seasons’ practice to mix their seasons, Rabbiteater had been told. But only two or three seasons; rarely all four.
If Spring led, Winter and Summer might join it. Or…Winter could call upon Fall. However, one Season always led and was ‘supported’ by the others. The worst scenario was having Winter and Summer in equal numbers; their auras and natures clashed.
This was summer. Greysten rode forwards and bellowed across the pass.
“Forces of Ailendamus! Your trespass on Pheislant’s borders and war of aggression upon the Dawn Concordat will not stand! Not while honor and valor remain in Terandria! I am the Summer’s Champion! I offer you one chance to turn back and forswear your war—or else Summer shall advance! What say you?”
His voice rang out across the close, rocky walls. Ailendamus’ forces jeered—then went silent. A voice called back.
“General Vexil declines your request, Summer’s Champion! He warns you that in the name of His Majesty, Itorin II; Ailendamus will offer no quarter nor mercy! It does not sit so well with General Vexil to spill so much Human blood needlessly!”
Some of the [Summer Knights] snorted. Greysten’s head tilted back to stare at the [General], just visible in the back of his army on a horse of his own. He bellowed back.
“He should not have brought his army, then! Brace yourselves for our charge!”
He rode back to his spear, shaking his head. Ailendamus’ horns began to warble, a threatening, if curious sound. Not the blaring scream Rabbiteater expected.
