8.24
Page 29
Good armor. The Goblin stood motionless. Listening. Then he adjusted the weapon he carried. The jade axe began to glow.
 
—-
 
[Grand Slash]. Vexil’s sword-arm was torn up. He’d actually blocked most of the blow—barely. His armor had taken the rest. The enchanted metal had resisted it; his gauntlets hadn’t done as well.
He switched hands, his arm shaking. He called out.
“I—”
Vexil hesitated. He had been about to say ‘I surrender’. However, he’d reconsidered.
Surrender? He would be dead even if he were ransomed. This was a disaster. He had to at least return with some of his army! He’d take what he could, sneak into Gaiil-Drome and burn the damn forest down with a small band if he had to. Then he might survive.
He just had to escape the [Knight]. Vexil crept through the mist, away from where he’d been standing. They were both waiting. Listening for any motion.
Both had enchanted weapons it seemed. Whoever struck first might win, and Vexil was a [General].
[Flurry Strikes] followed by [Lance Thrust]. His last two close-combat Skills. It should kill that [Knight] and then all Vexil had to do was run—or play dead. Either way…
A sound in the mist made him whirl. There! The [Knight] had stepped on something. Vexil lunged.
“[Flurry Strikes]!”
He had found Rabbiteater. The sword lanced forwards, striking, hitting home. Hitting—
This wasn’t right. It didn’t feel like a body or armor. It felt like he was striking—
The steam cleared. Vexil saw the crimson cloak shift. His sword cut through the Cloak of Plenty harmlessly.
Rabbiteater lowered the cloak he’d lifted on one arm to fool the Human’s depth-perception. He saw the man step back. Rabbiteater swung Headscatcher’s axe. The glowing jade projection slashed through the air.
Vexil saw what he thought was a crimson glow through the visor of the helmet. But why—?
 
—-
 
Ser Markus was badly wounded on his left leg. He wanted to heal it, but the tip of the enemy [Knight]’s lance had been poisoned. At least one of the Autumn Knights had neutralized it.
The Season of Spring hadn’t fought in the pass for obvious reasons, and Ser Markus had been roundly berated by his fellow Spring Knights for not realizing the obvious tactic of combining heat-auras. Winter Knights did the same thing in bulk too.
He’d feel awfully embarrassed about it later, and probably hear jokes about it all year. Right now though, Ser Markus was riding into Stone Giant’s pass, despite the pain in his leg.
“Talia! Talia!”
He found her first, tending to Chise, who was also wounded. More Summer Knights had fallen than Markus would have liked; well, one was too many.
However, Ailendamus’ army was well and truly in flight. Talia looked up.
“Markus, you’re injured. Are the others okay?”
“No one died. We outnumbered their ambush group. Where’s Ser Solstice?”
Markus panted. Talia looked sharply at him, but Markus was worried. Rabbiteater had been in the vanguard. Had he…?
“He’s over there. That fool.”
She jerked her head. Markus turned. What did that mean? He rode forwards, through the clearing steam and found Rabbiteater.
Greysten carefully inspected General Vexil—or what was left of him. It was really hard to tell. Rabbiteater had hit the enemy [General] in the head with his enchanted axe.
“So you didn’t know it was the Ailendamus [General]?”
He looked at Rabbiteater. The Goblin shrugged. Dame Voost looked amused; Ser Zulv was somewhat appalled.
Mainly because Rabbiteater had taken Vexil’s armor and his sword. And his horse. And boots. He was trying all of them on. Ser Markus stared as the Goblin grunted.
