8.24
Page 6
Only a few people had ever seen through Shardele in moments without having heard of her habit—among them the Bedtime Queen of Desonis, who could recognize a peer in the field, albeit one who had to use crutches to sleep properly.
Not bad, in short. Shardele had failed to make a proper entrance, but she was still using her Skills to impress. Every [Princess] of Calanfer knew the importance of attracting attention, albeit without needing to. Lyonette had shown it off in Oteslia’s ball.
At the same time as Shardele was performing her opening trick, Aielef had stepped back to talk to her escort. A few [Ladies] who’d drifted over towards her recoiled with gasps of excitement or fear—then tentatively moved forwards.
“Is that a…pet, your Highness?”
One of Nadel’s [Ladies] ventured. Aielef smiled graciously as a feral…cat? No, a beaked animal with wings and fur—a Griffin twined around her arms, making a strange purring-grumbling sound.
“Do excuse me, ladies. I am rearing an infant Griffin; one must do their part. My adopted kingdom of Kaliv does raise them, and I have learned to do so as well. It is newly-born, you see. Please, be wary of its beak; but this child will enjoy some petting. Carefully.”
The baby Griffin blinked sleepily at the fascinated nobility, many of whom came over to admire one of Kaliv’s famous creatures.
It wasn’t a subtle gesture; showing off a baby Griffin was in keeping with Aielef’s style, though. Charm them with a pet. Lyonette wondered if she actually raised the Griffin or just kept one around for moments like this.
Well, if it wasn’t biting her, she had to have at least some ability to charm it. Aielef broke the ice that way, drawing the nobility into the idea of owning such a lovely creature, and thus Kaliv’s war.
That was Aielef the Fierce. Again, her image as the [Princess] who had gone to Kaliv was not reality—except in how she was spoken of. Lyonette watched more critically than any of the guests.
Both did well. They were mothers and experienced diplomats themselves, even if they were clearly only going through the motions. They could have done better—but their reputations and value were established.
More so than ‘Seraphel the Dutiful’, which was all the [Troubadours] could come up with after the second marriage. Lyonette saw her sister greeting a smaller group with less flair; she had no pet animals nor an odd class to lean on. The 6th Princess felt sympathy for Seraphel.
If she was there—Lyonette had never been called on as much for these sorts of duties, being too young at the time. Now, though? The [Worldly Princess] thought she could do quite well. Better than Seraphel—perhaps better than the older [Princesses] too.
 
—-
 
It was just as well Lyonette wasn’t here. Of all the [Princesses], Shardele and Aielef weren’t Seraphel’s first two choices to impress foreign nobility and wring money from their pockets.
She’d take…Ellet for her cuteness and honest effort that made people fawn over her, and maybe Vernoue, the 5th Princess, since she was the only one who’d ever taken her magical training further. Seraphel for dignity, Vernoue to chat up the [Mages], and Ellet to be attractive.
Lowest on the list would be the 3rd Prince, her bratty, youngest brother who fancied himself a [Warrior], although that was just a boy’s arrogance. Straight below him, dead last, was Lyonette du Marquin. She’d strut in here, refuse to acknowledge Prince Ruis’ seniority and call someone a ‘peon’ before the first hour was up.
