8.24
Page 4
Saliss had let her have it—only because he and Xif were gathering with some Pallassians to watch their city win. Well, much luck to them. Lyonette happened to know Joseph had been teaching the Invrisil team longer than Pallass’, so the Drakes might be in trouble.
Anyway, she was watching the ball and calling it for the disaster it was—although only a [Princess] would be able to tell, or a Calanfer [Socialite]. She would have happily told anyone listening—but not even Wilovan or Ratici could sit in the room and listen without starting to nod off.
The two Gentlemen Callers were here, though. Casually standing watch, or amusing themselves while keeping ‘an eye out’.
She wasn’t going anywhere without them anymore, and the two had agreed to escort her from now on after hearing about the stabbing attempt. Lyonette felt at her stomach.
Idiot. Looking at the images from home reminded her of how risky it had been. True—it was a ball and she’d thought she’d be safe in Oteslia! Hah!
No proper [Princess] of Calanfer went about without at least four [Knights] at all times. She could see some of the Thronebearers, fulfilling their duties in both bodyguard and diplomat roles. That was what they were good at.
“Not so much fighting. And I wonder if they can deal with poison if Mrsha managed to poison four of them. Dead gods, what are they doing in Liscor?”
Lyonette was stressed out. It was not an unusual occurrence, but there was a lot to stress about recently. This? This wasn’t helping.
“Disastrous. They didn’t come out all three at once because it was a ‘humble gesture’. They did it because Shardele can’t be bothered to do introductions properly if she’s Palt-ed up on Dreamleaf. She certainly is.”
You could tell by the way Shardele smiled. If you didn’t know her, you’d think she was simply extremely genial; she was in imagination-land and only halfway there was the actual reason.
As for Aielef, well. She was striding about, so clearly anxious that even the commentator was picking up on it. She should have greeted the [Prince] far longer and more effusively, but she hadn’t rehearsed a proper speech.
Normally, their mother, the [Queen], would have taken both to task if she’d caught a whiff of this, much less seen Calanfer’s royalty being anything less than stellar on a scrying orb. However, she had to be busy with actual war, so the [Princesses] were acting subpar…in the one time when impressing someone would actually matter!
As for Seraphel—Lyonette shook her head. Her older sister might be the biggest disaster yet. She’d conducted herself with grace, certainly, and hadn’t made a big mistake yet—but it was Seraphel.
Seraphel the Cursed was what other people called her. Lyonette and her family knew Seraphel by a different nickname. Seraphel the Sharptongued. If you annoyed her, she stabbed you—with words.
She looked well, at least. Lyonette had heard Seraphel had been in Noelictus when she’d run away, and it had ended badly. Another husband dead? She didn’t know the details, but everything was the same as it always was.
Her sisters were not perfect. They could pretend to be, but…the 6th Princess of Calanfer sighed as she thought of home, and saw all the little, familiar flaws.
Then the circling coverage zoomed in and she listened to the politics of home. Her sisters, with all their faults and petty tricks, like swapping makeup with itching powder over someone stealing dress designs. Fighting for attention or favor…
