8.24
Page 17
Such as this: they sang as they rode. The Summer’s Champion had received word that the army had formed up in the pass ahead. He had Spring Knights scouting them, but he made no speeches, even though Wistram wanted an interview. He just began humming—then, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, he burst into song and the other [Summer Knights] picked it up.
 
“I rode down summer highways,
Following the spring.
Autumn chased close after, 
In dappled leaves falling 
Telling me what the future brings.
 
Summer is fading, the fire leaves
The sky, but I? I rode after sunlight
Until winter passed me by.
 
Are those Dragon wings I hear beating
Or the drumming of my heart?
If winter comes around me,
If the world seems too dark.
Ride with me down summer highways
And let us light summer’s spark.”
 
Rabbiteater listened, blinking behind his visor. From Greysten to Dame Voost, the best swordswoman, to Dame Chise to Talia, they all sang. Loudly as Greysten, with all the poor pitch-control as Voost, quietly or melancholic or…
Goblins didn’t sing. They had to be quiet. These [Knights]? They rode with Pheislant’s [Soldiers], armor shining under the sky. Smiling and laughing.
A brotherhood, or sisterhood. Or…family. A tribe of Humans. Rabbiteater had never found the like.
He started as Greysten nudged him. The Summer’s Champion had taken off his helmet. He was still singing, and, as the [Knight-Errant] glanced at him, he realized some of the other [Summer Knights] were doing the same.
Tentatively, more embarrassed and awkward than any other time among them, Rabbiteater tried to join in. His voice was lost among the others, but part of it. Yet Greysten and those around him laughed. So the Goblin sang and remembered an inn where an [Innkeeper] sang now and then.
A glorious memory. A painful one. Yet here, among them, Rabbiteater remembered only the good parts. Let him think of loss and sadness later.
For now: let it be summer.
 
—-
 
That was how the Order of Seasons travelled. They sang and rode and laughed or traded jokes and stories. When they camped, they jested and relaxed as if they were on the little outing Greysten had tricked Calirn with, not an impending battle.
Only the Spring Knights showed nerves, yet amidst the good-natured Summer Knights, even they relaxed a bit. The few Autumn Knights were more reserved, but joined in the good-natured nights before they slept and rode again, travelling to Pheislant’s northern border.
When they finally neared the place where Ailendamus’ army was camped, the eyes of the world were upon them. Only then did Rabbiteater think to bring up the impending battle.
“They’ve holed up in the Stone Giant’s pass, Summer’s Champion. Looks like they have at least twenty of their Lance-bow artillery. A number of [Mages]—all at the back.”
“Their disposition?”
Greysten had slowed as a panting Ser Markus returned; he had been one of the Spring Knights scouting ahead. The man drank a gulp from his flask and shook his head.
“We couldn’t approach for fear they’d open up, but it looked like all infantry.”
“Which means they have the horse hidden somewhere. Stone Giant’s pass…I don’t recall any secret tunnels.”
The Summer’s Champion glanced at the distant pass between two hills. Rabbiteater eyed it too, with a [Warrior]’s eye. A nice place to hold off a force like the mobile Order of Seasons. Especially if they had those fabled Lance-bows. ‘Greatbows’, they were called; oversized bows that loosed enchanted arrows that were indeed comparable to lances rather than normal arrows.
