8.24
Page 20
Tyrion Veltras sat with that uncanny interest, looking alight as he surveyed the battle. Even…happy. Ryoka glanced at him, and then at Hethon and Sammial, looking just as excited.
People were going to die. She felt a sick feeling in her stomach, but she turned to face Tyrion.
“So—this isn’t a bad move? Because it looks like it’s bad to me. I’m not a [Knight]…what do you think the odds are?”
Tyrion Veltras glanced at Ryoka and realized they weren’t seeing the same thing. The [Lord] tapped a finger on the table.
“In my opinion…the [General] of Ailendamus’ forces has underestimated the Order of Seasons. It could go poorly; how they manage to close the gap in their first charge will dictate the battle. The Lance-bows are a considerable threat.”
“B—so you’re betting on the Order of Seasons?”
Tyrion raised his brows.
“Yes.”
Ryoka turned back to the scrying orb. She peered at the projection, rubbed her eyes. She…clearly wasn’t a [Strategist].
 
—-
 
It began to rain as the Order of Seasons deployed into Stone Giant’s pass. Roughly nine hundred [Summer Knights] formed three spears along the narrow pass, each one led by a single [Knight].
Rabbiteater was right behind the Summer’s Champion. Greysten had handed him an amulet before the battle began.
“As you are the only [Knight] not of the summer who will engage the enemy with us, Rabbiteater, you must wear this. Good thing I remembered!”
“Good thing I reminded you. Ser Solstice, valor upon your sword!”
Dame Voost trotted past them to take the left, saluting the Goblin. Bemused, Rabbiteater put the amulet on, tying it around his neck.
Behind him, Ser Thornst had the two hundred or so Spring Knights spread out, waiting to intercept a rearwards attack. Pheislant’s infantry and horse were waiting with them, divided up and hanging back.
It was a small army that entered the pass. Greysten hummed the same melody as he stared ahead.
The ground was broken up before the pikes. Behind them, the Greatbows gleamed. The army of Ailendamus had sensibly not formed a huge mass that could be prey to mass-attack spells. They were in ranks, each one ready to rotate out. All the [Archers] and [Mages] were at the back.
 
—-
 
“They must be fools. The era of [Knight] Orders routing an enemy alone ended millennia ago.”
The Ailendamus [General] stared at the [Knights] through the enchanted spyglass. They had entered the pass alone, just as Greysten had claimed.
He had been monitoring the scrying spell, receiving intelligence via two hastily-attached [Infiltrators] in Pheislant’s ranks. The earthworks, this chosen position…it all felt like overkill now. Looking upon the Summer Champion’s strategy, the experienced [Strategists] and [General] couldn’t help but sneer.
“Sir. The palace wants to know if you have any reservations before the battle.”
One of the man’s subordinates whispered. General Vexil frowned.
“His Majesty?”
“No, General. It comes from the palace…not his Majesty’s personal seal.”
“I’m too busy to answer, then. Inform them all precautions have been taken. Why is the palace nervous?”
The [Mage] checked the seal.
“It comes from Duke Rhisveri, General. He…would like to know if you have a contingency plan should the Order of Seasons pass your pikes.”
General Vexil’s head turned. He glowered at the [Mage] as if the unfortunate man were doing the questioning.
“I plan on killing at least a third before they pass the first line of pikes. Lance-arrows strike me, look at them! The fools are going to charge us—”
