8.24
Page 34
Too late. The Thronebearer loomed over Mrsha. His golden armor was resplendently luminous, polished and buffed. He looked like a shining figure out of stories—only slightly marred by lips that looked like a duck’s bill.
“So, here is the perpetrator of yesterday’s incident. A restaurant’s reputation in ruins! Four Thronebearers of Eternal Calanfer, poisoned! I have some words for you, young lady.”
Ser Lormel leaned down. The Brothers tightened their grips on their crossbow triggers. Niers opened his mouth to shout a word and Ulvama swung her staff up. Mrsha closed her eyes, covering her head as Lormel’s hand flashed down.
 
“So this is my fate. I’ve washed my paws in blood, and it’s time to dance the hempen jig at last. Do I have any regrets? Only that I didn’t get away with it.”
–Mrsha the [Gang Boss]
 
—-
 
An armored finger poked Mrsha gently in the forehead.
“Very bad girl. One does not pour spice into other people’s food. I should like to tell you, young lady, that we all had to visit the [Healer]’s because of you. Most unpleasant. I would like a word with your parents, and I would like you to consider the consequences of your actions.”
Ser Lormel waved a finger in front of Mrsha’s bewildered face, his expression stern and angry. Then he glanced at the other two Thronebearers.
“I say, was that too harsh?”
The female [Knight] frowned, still wrathful.
“Stern words, Ser Lormel, but leave it to her parents to decide a proper punishment. So long as it is appropriately done. What is the saying? ‘Spare the rod, spoil the child?’”
The other [Knight] turned to her.
“I believe, Dame Ushar, that the phrase is ‘if they don’t spare the rod, break their fingers. Spoil the child.’ A rather crude proverb other [Knight] orders employ.”
“Quite so, Ser Sest. Thank you for reminding me. So then, I should like to have a word with this young one’s guardians! Where is that Drake? I assume she’s a [Caretaker] of some sort?”
Dame Ushar folded her arms and looked around the inn imperiously. Ser Lormel frowned at Mrsha. He saw her wide eyes and terrified expression and immediately knelt.
“I seem to have gone too far. I’m not angry, child. Not more than needs be. However, that prank could have hurt someone of less robust nature than the Thronebearers of Calanfer! Which is what we are. Let us promise not to do so again and we shall say no more of it.”
He smiled and held out his hand. Mrsha stared at it and the [Knight] trying to reassure her.
Behind them, the Goblins had gone still. Ulvama had choked on magical fire—in a literal sense—and was now hiccupping it out bit by bit.
The Brothers were all staring at the unexpected turn of events. One of them still had a finger on the crossbow’s trigger. He accidentally squeezed too hard—Crimshaw’s hand blurred and yanked the bolt out before the thunk became fatal.
The Thronebearers all looked up, and took in the room again. They eyed the Goblins warily and Dame Ushar stepped back.
“…Goblins and not a soul in sight. Fellow Thronebearers, do you suppose this child has been neglected? Ser Dalimont, what did you say you heard about this inn, again?”
“That the owner was dead. And that someone like our target was spotted here.”
Ser Dalimont, the [Knight] of Princess Seraphel, turned and looked down at Mrsha. He regarded her as she peered up at him. Ser Lormel rose.
“Perhaps we should do something about it.”
Mrsha saw half the room glance up. Oblivious, Ser Lormel went on.
