8.24
Page 10
There were things Ailendamus had done that Seraphel could not prove. Terrible deeds she suspected them of. Blind accusations would only hurt Calanfer, though. So she did not speak of Afiele, though she had been there, too. Seraphel’s eyes flickered, but it only took her a moment to reply.
“Ailendamus has quite a lot of land for an empire. Vast armies. Its leaders seem competent, and they have magic, fine steel, and a certain resolve in their [Soldiers]. I have seen better.”
Her audience waited. The [Princess] accepted a second glass of honey-flavored water. She sipped at it, and they realized she had made her statement.
Someone laughed before catching themselves. Lord Belchaus hid a smile. Prince Ruis had already hid his behind a cough. Pulcre didn’t bother.
“Then, your appraisal of the war?”
“We can only support our brave [Soldiers] and [Knights] as best we can. Seraphel, you certainly are making a stir! But perhaps we should allow the Lord of the Dance his due attention?”
Shardele swept in, interrupting Seraphel. The 4th Princess saw eyes swing back to the Lord of the Dance. For a second, they’d forgotten he was there.
Lord Bel looked at Seraphel, disappointment flickering in his gaze. He was too canny to let it show and bowed to Shardele at once.
“Of course, your Highness. Talk of war becomes tiresome, although I find Princess Seraphel’s account fascinating. Many [Historians] and [Strategists] make much of Ailendamus’ invincibility in war.”
“War is not a single battle.”
Pulcre observed softly. Seraphel’s smile was like cut glass.
“Indeed not, Lord Pulcre. After all, it occurs to me that someone else has witnessed an army of Ailendamus routing quite recently. Lord Belchaus, didn’t you take an [Admiral] and an entire fleet hostage?”
A ripple of amusement ran through the listeners. Lord Bel saw Prince Ruis wince, but he gave Seraphel an embarrassed bow.
“Merely a skirmish, Princess Seraphel.”
The 4th Princess’ brows rose.
“If an entire fleet was a ‘skirmish’, perhaps Nadel would care to make a battle of it and wipe out Ailendamus’ entire sea force in one go? I should wager on Nadel if the Lord of the Dance were on one side, even with all of Ailendamus’ fleets on the other.”
Shardele looked around, but there was no way to stomp on her younger sister’s foot without everyone noticing unless they were right next to each other and the dresses hid it. She was forced to stand and smile as Seraphel continued. Save for Prince Ruis and Shardele, no one else was inclined to stop her.
 
—-
 
Lyonette was smiling. It was as improper as could be, of course. Their father and mother were probably having a fit.
And it was classic Seraphel. Classic…but with a twist. Normal Seraphel would insult you, but Seraphel of today? There was something else.
The 6th Princess realized what it was, when her older sister calmly ignored Shardele’s hints. She approached the scrying mirror, and looked into it. Lyonette felt like Seraphel was looking at her—for a second. Then, the [Princess] seemed to be looking for something else.
“This…television was not present when Ovela was attacked. Or before that—if it had, catastrophe might have been averted. It is here, though. So, I…would like to say that if you see this, people of Ovela. Friends of Afiele, Cara. Calanfer remembers our friends. To you, and to the Twins of Ovela. To the Kingdom of Shade. It was not long I stayed with you, but I remember it fondly, despite it all.”
