8.24
Page 3
Calanfer was good at diplomacy. So these three [Princesses] had gone from place to place, speaking of Ailendamus’ unconscionable aggression, assuring people the war was not lost—but if they saw fit to contribute money or arms? Reminding them that they might be next.
They got little in the way of outright support. Even here, people were afraid to openly shout their loathing of Ailendamus and the Dawn Concordat wasn’t beloved universally. Nevertheless, with a bit of charm Skills, actual charm, and the exigency of the war, this gathering might net…
Three [Princesses], and Nadel’s not poor with trade, but no noble here is worth that much and they might be reluctant to open their coffers. If the crown chips in nothing, we might come away with…two thousand gold coins? Eight thousand would be the most we could expect.
Seraphel did some mental calculations. That seemed reasonable. How many [Mercenaries] did that buy? How many artifacts? How long could that feed an army? Well, that implied buying food…if a siege occurred, no amount of gold would help.
She would know. She let Shardele step forwards and smile sweetly at Ruis. All three knew what to do.
“I would be delighted if you would introduce me, your Highness?”
He was already nodding, having expected that. Shardele would meet with the most powerful first, as the face of Calanfer. Aielef looked around, already seeking a [General] or militant [Lord] or [Lady] that would care to talk with someone from Kaliv.
Which left Seraphel to take the busybodies and people interested in gossiping. The 4th Princess kept a smile on her face. That was easy.
 
—-
 
…In truth, it was about as bad as Lyonette du Marquin expected. Family never changed. Or did they?
She had, but to look at it, not one of her elder sisters had. The [Princess] sat, glumly resting her chin in her hands.
“It seems the [Princesses] of Calanfer have elected not to follow one another, but have come in at once. Quite a humble gesture—no doubt a personable one, given Nadel’s proximity to the Dawn Concordat.”
The speaker in the background was half-whispering, offering a kind of hushed commentary meant to be solemn as the view of the ball slowly rotated about. There was also an element of impreciseness to the commentary, and the scene faded for a bit.
Lyonette frowned and shook the scrying orb a bit. Mivifa had told her it worked, and somehow, the magical connection cleared. Lyonette wasn’t sure why slapping an enchanted glass orb helped, but Saliss had ‘fixed’ it twice by doing just that.
The commentator was visible in the bottom left of the screen; not a Drake for once, but a very formally-dressed woman. Human. After all, this wasn’t on Wistram News Network—or even Wistram’s other offshoot channels.
It was called Terandrian Graces, one of the channels devoted to 24/7 coverage of all things political. The reason the connection was so spotty was that it had just been established and since Wistram wasn’t hosting it, reception was weak even in a major city. Also—it might not be the most-viewed channel.
Certainly not compared to the sports-channel. Wistram Sports was showing a game between Pallass and Invrisil, and Lyonette might have been watching that—but Wistram was struggling to keep up with the demand from Izril, who were tuning in to watch the first species vs species game.
This was more interesting to Lyonette, anyways. This was home. When she’d seen that they were going to broadcast a bit of Nadel’s ball, and that three [Princesses] of Calanfer were attending, she’d begged to have the scrying orb.
