8.24
Page 7
Well, she learned it from Aielef. However, the 3rd Princess was smart enough to not say peon in public. Time would improve Lyonette, as would the war, maybe.
If Dalimont can even find her. If she’s not dead, having annoyed the first…[Bar Drunk] she met.
Seraphel could well imagine Lyonette doing just that. [Princesses] did not interact with the common folk unguarded often, and Lyonette? Seraphel pictured the 6th Princess of Calanfer lying dead in a bar-stabbing somewhere.
She missed what someone else was saying. Seraphel blinked and smiled.
“I must apologize, Lord Pulcre. My mind was elsewhere. You were saying?”
The [Lord] smiled, a tad unconvincingly. He was one of the first people to drift over, to meet the semi-famous cursed [Princess]. Seraphel was expecting polite condolences, or questions on how she thought the war was going.
Seraphel hated that question. How do you think the war is going? We’re losing. We’re slowing Ailendamus from rolling on over us, not winning. I can put it as politely as you want, but you and I both know it.
However, she was a [Princess] so she didn’t put it like that. Seraphel didn’t get that question, however.
“I understand you have seen Ailendamus aggression before, Princess Seraphel. Some…unpleasantness over the border in Noelictus?”
Seraphel’s brows rose. Well now. Lord Pulcre wasn’t as unpleasant as his name indicated. And he’d done his research. Some of the other nobility looked interested.
“I did indeed witness battle with Ailendamus—among other events, Lord Pulcre. A terrible affair at Ovela. The death of my husband…I should not like to go into details, you understand.”
He nodded sympathetically, and Seraphel saw a susurration as the star of the hour, the reason this ball had so many people, the Lord of the Dance swept in. He had just returned from a visit abroad—to Desonis?—but he always drew a crowd of admirers and people wanting to see him.
Oddly, he looked less willing to be the life of the ballroom this time and glanced around, spotting the [Prince]. Seraphel smiled at Pulcre, noting all this out of the corner of her eye.
“I would not like to press you at all, your Highness, and I regret bringing up such a recent loss. I only wondered if you had an impression of Ailendamus’ strength from the clash?”
A nuanced question, and the shorter [Lord] had sharp eyes as he glanced at Seraphel. He could have asked Aielef—Seraphel blinked at him. Unguarded, she remembered.
She remembered a young woman, singing in a banquet hall. The Kingdom of Shade, Noelictus, where the sunlight never properly shone down.
A gloomy land. However, one with beauty and a strength of character in its people. Seraphel had been there when the most astonishing events occurred. It had begun with an attack—but looking back, it had truly begun to become strange when she had met the strange young woman.
The young woman who sang strange songs. Who would later become known as the Singer of Terandria.
Cara.
Without thinking, Seraphel hesitated. Her throat moved, but it was suddenly dry. She coughed into one hand.
“Excuse me.”
She looked around and someone was offering her a glass of refined, purified water. Seraphel sipped gratefully. The Thronebearer had anticipated the need and been carrying snacks and food at the ready.
“Dame Neranthei, my protector.”
She gestured to the female Lightholder, a member of the Thronebearers, albeit in a more specialized role than her previous primary bodyguard, Ser Dalimont.
He had been there too. The nobles looked at the [Knight]. A [Lady] peered through her spectacles.
