8.24
Page 0

If you had never heard of her before, well, that was hardly surprising. She was famous, but so were all her siblings by virtue of being born. She was important—but hardly the first son or daughter in her line.
In a world where the King of Destruction existed, her fame was very small by comparison. Her importance next to nothing as she did not rule her nation. She was not the most beloved [Princess] of Calanfer; nor, in this moment, even the most important.
The 6th and second-youngest [Princess] was needed in the dark hours of the war with Ailendamus. Unmarried, and whilst not said overtly, the only virginal, eligible [Princess] for marriage that Calanfer had to offer.
That mattered in Terandria. Calanfer’s [Princesses] were a type of wealth the Eternal Throne of Calanfer used. Marriages could give classes; at the very least they conferred status and connections with Calanfer. The appeal was more than just immediate as well. If a [Baron] or a [Lord] married a [Princess], their children became royalty, and had the potential, however faint, to succeed the throne.
Thus, Lyonette du Marquin was one of the last bargaining chips, as the 7th Princess was far too young, being only thirteen, for anything but an arranged marriage—and if Ailendamus were to triumph in the interim, all arranged events would be off.
Thus, Calanfer needed to marry a [Princess] off for immediate military gains if such a thing could be arranged. Hence, their unmarried [Princesses] were important.
Lyonette, that was. Not her.
Many had never heard of her outside of Terandria, or the closest kingdoms in the south. Yet, of all the [Princesses], even the eldest, 1st Princess, Shardele du Marquin, who was married to one of the highest-ranking [Dukes] of Calanfer, or the 3rd Princess Aielef, who had married into Kaliv’s own extended royal family to affirm ties between the Dawn Concordat—a practice they had honored for countless generations—arguably the most famous of all was the 4th Princess of Calanfer.
Not because she was the highest-leveled, the closest to the throne, most radiant, or most beloved. It was a reputation besides all that.
They called her Seraphel the Cursed behind her back. Seraphel du Marquin, the 4th [Princess] of Calanfer.
Seraphel the Widow. So named because she had been married three times. Each time—the marriage had ended in death.
…Not, actually, in the case of the second marriage. The first had been to an old man in his seventies who had died in bed. The second to a boy, who broke the engagement; it was just his fiancée who died in the attempted elopement afterwards. But you know how people talked.
The third husband of Seraphel du Marquin though—had died rather quickly after marriage. The mere fact that Seraphel had not stayed in any one relationship for more than four years at most, and the deaths of two out of three had given her the name.
Seraphel the Cursed. Not exactly a name that was helpful for future engagements. Nor—bluntly speaking—was her value as high as before. She was old—which was to say, she was nearly thirty years old instead of being younger. Of course, that was only in terms of marriageability. Of course…that was what a [Princess] was generally good for.
So, then. If you had heard of her, Seraphel would be ‘that’ princess, the one from Calanfer who killed her husbands by ill fortune. Unmarried once more after the Noelictus incident; perhaps they’d find a husband willing to take the risk abroad, poor girl. Still a [Princess], though. She’d have a fine, pampered life if it weren’t for the war.
