8.24
Page 32
The Gnoll’s face fell. Wanderer nodded.
“About the…damned murderers. Hectval.”
The [Innkeeper] pursed his lips to spit, eyed his clean counter, and thought better of it.
“What about them? If you’re asking about the murderers, they’re dead. Torn to pieces by the Goblin. Good; I just wish he’d sliced them up before.”
The other Gnoll nodded. His brown fur was as innocuous as could be. Dyed, of course, and then scented with the road and normal smells. He leaned on the counter, frowning.
“Yes, yes. You said. Can you tell me—are you sure it was Drakes who did it? There wasn’t one Gnoll?”
The [Innkeeper] gave Wanderer a blank look.
“One of us? Why would there be? No, it was Drakes.”
“Hrr. Well, thank you.”
Wanderer left it at that. He had no proof of course. But the pieces were there. A Gnoll child picked up by a kind Human [Innkeeper]. Then…some Tribe heard about it and ‘took care’ of the cursed child. Only, they got the Human instead.
They’d come back. Or if it really hadn’t been more than a Drake city…they’d come. Wanderer shook his head. Even with all the guardians, that was no place for a child to grow up alone. Just…how did you get to her? He sighed.
Coinpurse was going to owe him big for making this much work for him.
 
—-
 
Mrsha the Not-A-Spoiled-Brat stole Kevin’s laptop. The young man protested, yawning.
“Hey. I need that. What do you mean, it’s ‘your turn’?”
The little Gnoll held up a card. It was her turn! She got a turn, and Numbtongue did. They’d worked it out back when Numbtongue and her had fought over it. Mrsha got a turn, Numbtongue got a turn, and everyone else got a turn.
Since Numbtongue was sad, Mrsha got to use it for two thirds of the time and Kevin, as a ‘everyone else’, could use it for one third of the time.
The [Mechanic]’s lips moved as he tried to work out her impeccable logic. In the end, he shrugged.
“Fine. But let me save my data first. You can use it, but don’t delete anything, understand?”
Mrsha nodded impatiently. Then she took the computer. She wanted to watch the crime movie again. For notes. Mrsha was going to rule this filthy city if she had to stand on the burned tongues of her enemies to do it!
She began watching a movie in the Garden of Sanctuary, but then realized…no one was here. The beavers were sleeping.
Mrsha the Crime Boss looked around. It…wasn’t bad that this was the case, but suddenly she wanted to watch in the common room. She knew she was supposed to keep the laptop secret, but she wanted Ulvama to watch with her. Or Kevin. Or Niers. Or…
Anyone.
Mrsha padded into the common room. She looked around, and then carried the laptop over to Ulvama. She tugged at the [Shaman]’s arm.
“What? Watch? No. I’m busy.”
Ulvama was in deep discussion with Rags and Calescent. Rags frowned at the strange object in Mrsha’s hand, but Ulvama didn’t seem to care. Mrsha stomped her feet and punched Ulvama’s leg—then ran off to a far table to watch by herself.
Stupid Ulvama! Stupid, stinking Ulvama with her big butt and stupid face! Now she couldn’t even watch the movie and have fun. Mrsha looked around the quiet inn. She missed Temile. She missed the [Actors] and Menolit and everyone. She…
Sniffed.
She missed Lyonette. She’d promised to come back by now. Ryoka had promised. Everyone lied. Adults all lied and the world was sin and crime and…they all left.
The door opened and closed. Mrsha didn’t look up; she’d put her head on the table. She heard Liska’s voice.
“No killing Goblins. Okay, I said it. You kill Goblins, you die. You can look around for a while, but we’re not open.”
“Dead gods.”
