8.24
Page 13
If there was an invisible perception of closeness—not a Skill that Pellmia had, just his intuition—it had widened overnight. Of course it had. Getting to one knee in front of an audience, in a setting that public with no lead up? In front of his sons? Pellmia had written a [Message] spell to his wife with that lastest development and she hadn’t responded back yet, which was probably from sheer horror.
Had Tyrion done that with Salva? Dead gods. Then again, Salva had never been entirely conventional herself. A conventional woman would have run.
Ryoka smiled at Tyrion like a woman with the noose around her neck. He nodded to her, cool as one of the cucumbers being served onto his plate. Sammial promptly wanted to dump his onto Ryoka’s.
“Sammial, eat your food.”
“I don’t want t—”
Sammial caught his father’s eye and went silent. Pellmia watched as he slyly tried to drop one off the side of the table when Tyrion turned to accept a dish from Ullim. A gust of wind promptly flipped it right back onto his plate.
The young [Lord] stared up at Ryoka and she smiled for the first time that day. Pellmia laughed too and all was well. Right up until Tyrion looked at Ryoka.
“Would you care to go for a ride after breakfast, Ryoka? There are a number of scenic routes, and I used to ride with Salv—”
Lord Pellmia choked on his mouthful of breakfast. Ryoka hadn’t quite cottoned on, but the second Tyrion finished the sentence she’d probably abandon breakfast, leap on her glider and fly into the sun or back where she’d come from.
Tyrion never got to finish it because his mouth closed. Ryoka rubbed at her ear, genuinely mystified.
“I—didn’t quite catch that. A ride?”
Pellmia saw Tyrion glance at him. The [Matchmaker] swallowed, then breathed, and thanked his new class.
[Avert Disaster (Verbal)]. It appeared Ryoka had missed the damning heart of Tyrion’s offer too, perhaps due to the Skill. Now, how could Pellmia…?
He’d stayed up all damn night trying to figure out how to explain to Tyrion—politely—how wrong his approach was. Then he’d tried to figure out how to hammer it into the man’s head, politeness be damned. Pellmia went on instinct before Tyrion could try again. The [Lord] leaned over and murmured very quietly on the pretense of asking for the butter.
“I fear you’re too far in the lines, Lord Veltras. You can’t press the attack with Level 11 [Squires] on pikes.”
The [Lord] glanced at Pellmia. The Level 4 [Matchmaker]—he’d find out when he went to sleep—glanced at him significantly. Tyrion absorbed this, and then something lit up in his eyes.
“Ah. Not [Lancers]? Truly?”
“[Squires] with sticks versus enchanted Drake pikes. In…full plate armor. Oldbloods. Circle and be circumspect. Take my word for it.”
Pellmia had no expectation of it actually working, but for some reason Tyrion actually nodded. Dead gods, the man was just all formations and tactics.
“What if we all took a ride later this day?”
He floated the idea and Ullim glanced at Pellmia, deeply surprised. Hethon and Sammial looked interested. Ryoka squirmed.
“I uh—I might have to pass. I need to go back to Liscor. I’ve been putting it off, but…”
Damn. Focus on one too much and the other runs. Pellmia bit his lip. He murmured his only other Skill gained by his new class.
“…Push].”
It didn’t work. He felt no sense of it activating, nor did Ryoka stop trying to explain about a ‘Mrsha’ to a bemused Tyrion.
“We could arrange her to visit House Veltras. If you must go, you must go. However, if you would give me a day to…”
