8.24
Page 1
That was what they would say, and assume, because they had heard of her nickname and the barest, dubiously-confirmed ‘facts’, that they knew her.
 
—-
 
So, when the 1st, 3rd, and 4th [Princesses] of Calanfer attended the ball, Seraphel attracted the most looks of all. There were the usual titters of interest, the looks towards her as people recognized her name.
Not that it was necessarily easy to tell the [Princesses] apart if you had never seen them. Each one had red hair. The fiery red to deep crimson, marks of royal blood in Terandrian royalty.
“Announcing Princess Shardele, Princess Aielef, and Princess Seraphel du Marquin of Calanfer!”
The eldest was Shardele, and only in her mid-thirties at that. Each [Princess] had been born roughly two to four years apart, and Shardele, the named successor over her younger brother, the 1st Prince, had been set up to inherit the throne. She had married one of Calanfer’s most powerful [Dukes], and her image as the reliable, intelligent daughter of his Majesty Reclis du Marquin, was firmly in the mind of Calanfer’s people. If any had been at this gathering of the nobility and foreign royalty, they certainly would have flocked to her.
Of course, that was due to the fine work of the [Bards], Thronebearers, and other elements of Calanfer’s propaganda arm who sung her praises. Shardele was…fine. She knew the games and the steps, but in all likelihood, if Reclis keeled over tomorrow, it was her Majesty who would take over. Calanfer’s [Queen] was as sharp as her husband, and Shardele might get to either ruler’s deftness or their actual levels—in twenty years.
“Don’t worry about the whispers, Seraphel. They do talk so.”
The 1st Princess turned to the 4th, with a beatific smile on her face, as if she was addressing one of her enamored subjects. Since it was her sister, it just reminded Seraphel there were whisperers.
Of course, Shardele had meant to say it for anyone listening in. She was aware of her reputation and she was a dutiful daughter in that she rigorously maintained it. Naturally, being an avid consumer of Dreamleaf had to help in that regard. She was most certainly blissfully in the clouds even now for this wonderful…ly tedious gathering.
“Yes, quite. The things they say when we are at war. Half the nations represented here are holding back when they know we are fighting a common enemy. Let’s remind them of that.”
Aielef’s voice was more snappish and awake. Obviously, because Kaliv was being slowly overtaken by Ailendamus and she was in the most danger. She spoke well, and you’d never know to look at her fiery orange hair that it was, in fact, dyed.
Aielef was blonde and unfortunately, a bit purple. Quite attractive in its own way, but it would never do for a [Princess] of Calanfer not to be red-haired. She dyed it.
She also spoke of the need for other kingdoms to take up arms with the Dawn Concordat, quite happily omitting the fact that her husband was fighting—and her two children were both in Kaliv. Then again, this was a diplomatic tour Aielef was on, and they occupied one of Kaliv’s strongholds.
The somewhat uncharitable facts about the two [Princesses] were probably not being thought by anyone else in the room. Shardele and Aielef were more like exotic birds, and their peers among royalty and other nobility were keen on meeting the [Princesses], entertaining their pleas for support for the Dawn Concordat, and perhaps Seraphel for a marriage to a cousin as a favor.
