8.24
Page 37
Perhaps that was how, as Ryoka Griffin found herself riding north to visit Lord Pellmia’s estates, she found herself the target of countless—busybodies.
Lady Buscrei had ridden day and night on the most urgent of business: securing gliders for her family. Lord Swey was slower, not having any movement Skills, but she was told he was enroute.
“Keireen!”
She greeted the [Lady] of House Quellae and the daughter, Betta Quellae, and was promptly ushered into the parlor. House Quellae was a rather pleasant place to visit, being home to one of the largest orchards in all of northern Izril.
Thus, local [Lords] and [Ladies] often came to pick the produce by hand—or at least, House Veltras’ scions enjoyed that. Keireen Quellae and her daughter were gracious hosts, and Lord Pellmia was no less skilled.
Of course, there was always one bad apple in a metaphor, and that would be his somewhat arrogant boy. He made an appearance, but didn’t linger. Just as well Buscrei hadn’t brought her sons, or it might be another not-so-casual duel in the sparring grounds.
“Buscrei, you alarm me. Did you ride the entire way here pell-mell like that?”
The [Hunting Lady] brushed off Keireen’s dismay at her somewhat disheveled state.
“Bah. I got out of the swamps before I woke up. Otter-dog sled. Then I rode here as fast as could be. Be grateful I didn’t take half the family, but I can’t just drop in unannounced.”
“Any time! Pellmia loves guests. But I don’t think you’re here just for fruit? You’ll take some back, of course.”
“Naturally. And I brought purified water for those picky damned trees of yours. Enough of that. What do you think about Tyrion and the Wind Runner?”
Keireen’s eyes lit up. Betta, returning with snacks and tea, broke in.
“She’s on her way here! Father managed to persuade her to come with Lord Tyrion and his sons! He’s become a [Matchmaker].”
“Of all things, at his age.”
The [Lady] sighed, but her eyes were dancing. Buscrei grinned.
“He’s got to have the right class to hunt quarry, and there’s a Phoenix on the wing if I ever saw one. I’m surprised she hasn’t flown for the hills!”
“Especially after what Tyrion said. Did you hear how he asked to court her? Asked? He knelt down in front of everyone, [Soldiers], his sons, and—I have Pellmia’s transcript, word-for-word. And some of the other things he said in public! Pellmia says it’s been burned into his soul.”
“I’ll get it!”
Betta hurried off and returned with the piece of parchment. She handed it to Buscrei and the [Hunting Lady] laughed so hard she nearly passed out.
“It’s not funny!”
Betta protested while trying not to smile. She looked at her mother.
“If any boy said that to me—even one I liked—I’d hide in the pantry every time I saw them! Does Lord Tyrion have no tact at all?”
She was dismayed, because she’d met Tyrion and while he was stiff as an ironwood tree, she’d rather been enamored by one of the famed heads of the Five Families. More than one young woman in the region liked him.
“He’s always been like that. I think he took a bad hit to the head one time when he was young and it knocked everything but tilting and strategy out of his head. My, my. Can I get a copy of this? Everyone in the family needs to see this. Hah! We’ll frame it in our lodge.”
Buscrei cackled, then turned serious. Keireen had gone off to fetch another guest who had arrived and had been resting from the sudden travel.
“Just so I’m certain, we are on the same side here? Ryoka and Tyrion sounds like an entertaining match. Oswen’s all for it. Especially if we get a Courier in the family. That’s good blood.”
