8.24
Page 11
She lifted her glass slightly. Behind her, Lord Bel swept a glass from a serving tray. Pulcre, Prince Ruis, and the others, copied the gesture instinctively. They didn’t know what they were toasting.
The [Princess] did. So did they. The Kingdom of Shade’s viewers began tuning into the broadcast. They had heard of her too.
…Which meant that Lyonette’s already spotty reception took that moment to turn off. She stared into the blank scrying orb.
Never more than before had she wanted to return home. She wanted to know what Seraphel had seen. She wanted to help.
Her home was in danger. She had not always loved it the same way she loved The Wandering Inn, but it was home.
They were still her family, for as much as she hated and loved them. Lyonette closed her eyes. There Seraphel was.
 
—-
 
The 4th Princess touched her eyes for a second after turning away from the scrying mirror. They were actually misty.
Of course, Aielef thought she was just playing it up. She hissed at Seraphel as the three [Princesses] stepped back with their escort.
“You had to make more work for us? There was no cause to start an incident! Mother will be furious!”
“I thought you wanted to remind them of the war?”
Seraphel saw Aielef glowering, but both composed themselves, mindful of the distant watchers.
Lord Belchaus was glancing at Seraphel, having put off his concerns for a moment to linger in the ball. Perhaps that was worth all the backlash this would provoke—it might be in her father’s eyes. The Lord of the Dance was a powerful ally on land or sea.
Regardless, Seraphel still felt washed-up. If Cara was here…if she was in Ovela, it would be war. Here? She was just doing a [Princess]’ duties. In a sense, she had mattered more in Noelictus. Today, she had broken from protocol to hurl a javelin at Ailendamus.
…A javelin made of words, for all that. As sharp as they could be, words could not turn back those armies. Words could persuade, open coffers, and perhaps they might earn money for Calanfer that was needed. In the end, though—Seraphel felt helpless, and she had felt it before. She had not even crossed into Kaliv to see the fighting. Before, that would have struck her as right and proper.
Today, it felt cowardly. That was the 4th [Princess] of Calanfer, Seraphel du Marquin. She looked at Lord Bel and gently rubbed one side of her neck. With more enthusiasm than her sisters, she prepared herself to go back and actually plead for aid in this polite setting while the war dragged on.
Then the Order of Seasons arrived.
 
—-
 
Lyonette slapped the scrying orb a fourth time and the image flickered back. But it wasn’t Seraphel.
“This is live coverage!”
Drassi screamed at Lyonette. Lyonette nearly screamed back. Drassi slapped the desk with her claws.
“Pay. Attention! This is an emergency broadcast from Wistram regarding Terandria! I don’t care if you’re not on Terandria or you don’t care—my friend is down there, so listen up! The Order of Seasons of Pheislant is about to intercept an Ailendamus army!”
Noass was nodding rapidly, holding up a map showing the army trying to flank Gaiil-Drome by way of Pheislant.
“For now the coastal nation of Pheislant seemed unwilling to confront Ailendamus despite the trespasses, but it seems the ‘Summer’s Champion’ of the Order of Seasons, one of the leaders of this [Knight]-order, has declared a crusade! Can they do that? Well, I suppose so, but the questions remains: is it war for Pheislant?”
He looked quite pleased with himself for sneaking that reference in. Drassi ignored him.
