8.24
Page 14
He clearly didn’t actually know what he wanted Ryoka to do in a day, but he was working on it. Lord Pellmia sighed. Ryoka Griffin. He knew so little about her. Perhaps, though—
“Miss Griffin. Would you care to remain just a day longer? Just a day—so we might discuss ah, compensation to your guests? At the Summer Solstice?”
Ryoka’s head snapped up.
“What? The—the guests? What about them?”
Pellmia gave her a genial smile.
“I did recall that you made a pact with them. Free alcohol and ah, corn? My orchards do include some vineyards. Would it be appropriate to leave out some wine?”
“I—that’s not in the pact, but they—they might like that. I don’t know that I have to…can they even get over here…?”
Very interesting. Pellmia watched Jericha write something down covertly. He had no idea what Ryoka meant, but he had thought often about those wondrous folk. He pleated his napkin thoughtfully.
“Would it not be acceptable to try? As an experiment?”
“Try? And see if they come? I never thought of…”
Ryoka’s eyes grew round and Pellmia himself felt a stir at the idea. He snapped his fingers.
“Goodwill is never a poor thing to obtain. I myself make gifts of fine vintages or juices to friends. Would they find a barrel of wine—or apple juice acceptable? It is the time for fine apples…assuming you could stay? I might invite all of House Veltras to my orchards, frankly. The boys could climb some trees, and it’s a splendid time for a day or two.”
Hethon and Sammial looked up and Pellmia smiled at them. Tyrion raised his brows.
“That would be quite pleasant.”
“I—er—”
Ryoka squirmed, but the thought of her fae friends convinced her. She looked at Pellmia, abashed.
“I do owe them a huge debt. I wouldn’t be bothering you, Lord Pellmia? I can pay of course and run a delivery…”
“I consider it a gift between friends, Miss Griffin. Think nothing of it. In fact, why not bring back some fresh produce for your little Gnoll friend? You can grow some of the seeds anywhere in Izril.”
“She might really like that.”
Ryoka murmured, envisioning adding some fine fruits to a certain Garden. Pellmia sat back, feeling as if he’d scored a solid lance-hit. The Level 5 [Matchmaker] steepled his fingers. Now, to figure out a way to give Tyrion an angle—well, that was what his wife and daughters were for. If they didn’t get the class…
However, as providence would have it, that was when the Order of Seasons arrived. Ryoka Griffin turned in her seat as a [Soldier] of some kind entered the room.
“Lord Veltras! I—forgive me, sire. I had no idea you were breakfasting.”
The man was abashed. He looked like a [Captain] with more white than brown in his hair—but Pellmia identified him as one of the [Weapon Instructors] that Tyrion employed.
Not a regular [Soldier] or he’d never dare to do this. Tyrion raised his brows, a bit annoyed, but the man had some leeway.
“What is it? An emergency?”
“Not—exactly. But you should see this, lad—Lord Veltras!”
Ah, an old trainer. He was waving a little scrying orb around with the battle going on. Ryoka sat up as she heard Drassi’s commentary. But what got Lord Tyrion was the battle.
“The Order of Seasons is sending their [Knights] against Ailendamus?”
“Exactly! It’s the Season of Summer and they’re in lance-formation. They’re going to try to break them down! Begging your pardon, Ullim, but I thought Lord Veltras would—”
Tyrion was half out of his chair. He looked as interested as he ever did, and Lord Pellmia recalled.
