8.24
Page 31
Mrsha had added a little heart at the end too. Ulvama stared at her.
“You want armor-markings?”
Mrsha the Knight nodded. With her [Fur of the Fortress] Skill, she’d be the strongest kid on the playground! She was sure they’d all seen this and they were probably getting weapons for a proper skirmish. Ulvama checked the note. Mrsha gave the [Shaman] a winsome look.
“No. I’m busy.”
Ulvama chopped Mrsha on the forehead. The Gnoll girl howled silently and kicked Ulvama in the shins. The Goblin promptly kicked back. Mrsha hopped on one leg and held her forehead, debated punching Ulvama—and remembered the Goblin didn’t stop retaliating like other adults did. You hit her, she hit back.
Dispirited, Mrsha slunk away. Stinky Ulvama. She headed for the door instead. Two Brothers followed her, and Mrsha sauntered up to the door. Liska was on-duty.
 
Liscor, please and thank you!
 
Liska eyed the note. The Gnoll was chewing on something. She slowly, carefully, reached for another bit of some kind of gum-bark from Baleros that Palt had given her. Popped another square into her mouth.
“Nope.”
Mrsha’s face fell. Liska glanced at her.
“You’re in trouble for poisoning people. Shoo. Ishkr’ll be mad if I let you out.”
Mrsha raised her paws in outrage! She couldn’t be grounded! She had enacted justice yesterday! Okay, Ekirra hadn’t forgiven her and she was in trouble because he’d cried, but he had been mean first! And the [Knights] had been—been—
She was trying to write all this down on paper since Liska didn’t know Mrsha-signs, but the Gnoll wouldn’t even read it!
“I’m not letting you out. Go away.”
Mrsha the Indignant raised a punching fist. Liska saw it. She raised a kicking foot.
“I’m not letting you hit me. I’ll kick you. Go away.”
The little Gnoll stared at Liska. She slunk away, but not before pointing two furry fingers at her eyes and then at Liska. A clear threat. The Gnoll saw Mrsha slink behind a door, stare balefully at her, then shut it hard.
“What a little spoiled brat.”
Liska muttered. Mrsha yanked the door open and made a rude gesture. Liska made one right back.
 
—-
 
Mrsha the Vengeful would make Liska pay. She was already formulating a way to get more of Calescent’s spice. Spicy ice cream! Spicy gum! Wait, spicy gum sounded sort of nice.
No one could stop Mrsha! She wanted to prevail on her agent, Niers, but he was still observing Rags. Mrsha stomped about, angry, plotting vengeance. A little Gnoll girl without proper parents.
Wanderer had seen it all before. At least she didn’t look underfed. However, she was certainly going wild. No parents. But then…they’d been killed, hadn’t they?
The Gnoll thoughtfully slipped away. It was easier to stare through a window than anything. Although hard enough; the Goblins had good eyes, the Antinium on the roof had nearly spotted him three times, and he wasn’t going to even risk going inside.
Not with those hatted Humans. Still, he wasn’t Wanderer for nothing. He sighed as he returned to the city.
Gnoll child with white fur loses her tribe. Lost, with uncaring Gnolls or…hostile ones. There was just one thing he couldn’t figure out.
“Excuse me. It’s me again.”
When he returned to the inn where he was staying, Wanderer approached the counter. The Gnoll [Innkeeper] gave him a friendly look. Pawful of Cotton wasn’t a high-class inn. It was cheap though, and Gnoll-centric. It certainly wasn’t The Wandering Inn.
“Oh, hello. Etrh, right?”
Wanderer smiled.
“That’s me. I just had one more question about the inn—I tried to get in, but it’s closed.”
“The Wandering Inn? Terrible business.”
