8.24
Page 38
“We are on the same side. We would rather like to see a union as well—if it can be arranged.”
The second guest emerged. Lady Desinee El. Buscrei’s eyes shot into her hair and she rose to her feet.
“How did the House of El get wind of this?”
“We are interested in the Wind Runner as well. If she stays in the north…Lady Buscrei Oswen. Do you have a plan?”
Four [Ladies] conferred in the parlor, but that would soon be two [Lords] and four [Ladies] when Swey and another [Lord] arrived. Of course, that was the most passionate endorsers of this relationship.
“There’s opposition, you know. I ran into old Lord Aghonst, who was practically frothing at the mouth to put a bee in Tyrion’s ear about marrying a commoner.”
“Damn. That dried up piece of leather? Is he on his way?”
“Might be. But he’ll be delayed—I cut his horses loose in the stables and had two of my people run them off.”
The [Lord] and [Climber] smiled smugly. The others in the now-crowded parlor nodded. Already, the lines were being drawn. An anti-relationship faction was no doubt gathering in their own way.
It would depend on who had the best organization, the best strategy. It was also hugely fun. Keireen clapped her hands, drawing everyone’s attention.
“Miss Griffin and Lord Tyrion are ostensibly here to collect some of our finest fruits and tour the place. Something to do with a debt to friends? We’re giving her—or them, Pellmia was unclear—some wine. You all happen to be here for the harvest. My plan is, on first meeting, to organize a little fruit-gathering expedition. In pairs. A competition. Tyrion and Ryoka will be one pair, naturally, and I know Tyrion will compete.”
“So will this Wind Runner. According to my notes, she’s competitive too. I do want to meet her in person.”
Betta had somehow acquired a facts-sheet on the Courier, and was passing copies around. Lord Swey waved a half-eaten peach at the people here.
“That’s fine for an opener, but what if she runs? She pulled a fast one and left my family when she visited.”
“She can’t do that. Simplest solution? Get her to show the glider and someone crashes it. Or—termites. Is there a [Druid] around? We can do the same for the wind suit.”
“I’ll spill something on her clothes and we can have them washed. We’ll need a rotation of places they visit of course; we can’t stretch out one place more than a few days. And it gives us time to set up! The House of El will certainly contribute. Deilan himself would host you all, just to look at her Kaalblade!”
Desinee clapped her hands together. Buscrei rubbed at her chin.
“Speaking of which, isn’t Ryoka taking sword-lessons from Tyrion? We can do something with that.”
“Is she?”
Plotting intensified.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin felt distinctly unwell. The ride to Lord Pellmia’s lands was fast—everything was fast when you had Lord Tyrion’s Skills boosting your speed. Even with Sammial and Hethon riding more clumsily, and Ryoka was included in the untrained category, they could cover ground faster than most [Riders].
She felt eyes on her the entire way here, and stuck close to Hethon and Sammial. They, at least, were somewhat neutral parties.
It had begun. A terrible suspicion fell upon Ryoka. How else did you explain Ullim just happening to make sure Ryoka sat next to Tyrion at their lunch, or Pellmia engaging her and Tyrion in talk, such that Ryoka couldn’t slip away to contemplate downing an invisibility potion and fleeing?
Lord Tyrion’s proposal—to date—still burned in Ryoka’s head. She winced every time she remembered. Worse, she could already see its effects.
