8.24
Page 15
If there was an avid jousting fan in Izril, it was Tyrion. He liked tourneys and so on as much as Sammial liked watching the new football games. Ryoka was blinking at the unexpected interest.
“You—do you know about the Order of Seasons, Lord Tyrion?”
She was interested for some reason as well. Lord Pellmia had no idea about Rabbiteater, or that Ryoka recalled where the Goblin was supposed to be. Yet the coincidence was something.
Tyrion was nodding. He visibly hesitated, reminded of Ryoka and his sons, and glanced at the [Weapons Instructor].
“We can…of course continue breakfast, Miss Griffin. Of course. Forgive my rudeness. I have some passing acquaintance with the Order of Seasons. Master Verdeem, I will have to review it later. Please find a way to save a copy.”
The man nodded, but Pellmia had never seen Tyrion so reluctant to sit down and eat. Still—what a sense of decorum. Ryoka hesitated too.
Pellmia saw the opening and took his chance. He raised his finger, invoked his Skill.
The words spilled out of his mouth on auto. Exactly what he would have said if he had time to compose it.
“Tyrion, Miss Griffin, I say we should hardly wait on protocol here. We are familiar with each other—and I confess, I’ve had more than one breakfast around a scrying orb. Why don’t we watch this fascinating event? Tyrion, you’re an expert on mounted combat. Miss Griffin, do you have friends in the Order of Seasons? Ailendamus?”
“Sort of—did they say one thousand [Knights] versus thirty thousand [Soldiers]?”
“Indeed. Shall we watch?”
Tyrion and Ryoka looked at each other. They wavered—then Lord Tyrion turned to Jericha.
“A larger scrying orb. Call Master Verdeem back. We shall breakfast while watching. It’s far from hopeless, Ryoka. If I understand that the Summer’s Champion is leading the charge…I might say the odds are reversed depending on what Ailendamus has brought. I need to see both forces first.”
The [Lord] looked hesitant as a space was cleared on the dinner table, but his desire to watch the battle overwhelmed his sense of propriety. His sons looking delighted didn’t hurt either, or Ryoka. Pellmia sighed as Ryoka glanced at Tyrion.
Treant apples, it worked! He saw the Skill activate. Perhaps Ullim helped, but somehow, suddenly, they were all sitting together as a scrying mirror was set up. Almost by coincidence, Ryoka sat on Tyrion’s left with Hethon and Sammial crowding her in, Pellmia on Tyrion’s right. She froze—but Tyrion was talking animatedly.
“The Order of Seasons, you see, are aura-experts. A fine group of [Knights] proficient in a number of weapon styles, although they tend to favor the traditional lance as well as weapon-and-shield combinations. Standard, but highly effective. The Season of Summer is their most numerous and high-leveled martial season.”
“There are four seasons, right? I—oh no. That’s my friend.”
Ryoka glanced at the [Knight] riding in front. Pellmia was half-distracted by Tyrion and half by Ryoka’s remarks. Tyrion leaned in, frowning.
“…Not a member of the Order of Seasons. He rides with the Summer’s Champion.”
“Is—is that good? The odds are high…”
Tyrion raised his brows.
“The Summer’s Champion is always Level 40 or higher. Rest assured, Miss Griffin, that the Order of Seasons’ grandmasters are not poor fighters. Your friend is safer in front with the Summer’s Champion than in the back of the vanguard. Hethon, Sammial, observe. You see the way they’re riding? They’ve formed a Trilance vanguard; they’re certainly planning on a lance-charge…”
