8.24
Page 40
Hethon Veltras was impressed. He actually saw Ryoka snap, and understood why you used that expression. She twitched so hard her horse froze up, wondering if its rider had died.
“I’m Desinee, Lord Pellmia, I do hope I’m not imposing? I just happened to be in the area and—”
“Excuse me.”
Ryoka’s strangled voice interrupted Lord Pellmia and Desinee El. She slid from her horse and looked around.
The first-wave of the relationship conspiracy glanced at Ryoka, worried. She had a sickly look on her face. Tyrion glanced at Ryoka.
“You seem unwell. Are you motion-sick, Ryoka?”
“No. Thank you, Lord Tyrion. I’m just—”
Ryoka looked around. Keireen smiled innocently at her. Buscrei, Swey—the Wind Runner inhaled. She was not an idiot.
“I’m sorry. I just—I think I haven’t been direct enough.”
Pellmia’s face fell. He tried to activate his [Avert Disaster] Skill, but it wouldn’t work or it was on recharge! He signaled the others, but Ryoka was determined. She had to do it now!
“Miss Ryoka, why don’t you lie down and—”
Swey spoke hurriedly, but Ryoka spoke over him, looking at Tyrion.
“I never responded to you, Lord Tyrion. And I see it’s caused misunderstandings. You asked to court me yesterday.”
She wanted to explode. This? This was as bad as him kneeling in front of her while everyone watched. There were more people watching this time, actually. But while Ryoka Griffin walked in hell—it had to be done.
Lord Tyrion faced her, nodding.
“If you have an answer…”
“I do.”
Ryoka Griffin inhaled, managed not to puke, which was the last thing she needed, and spoke, fixing her gaze on him to avoid the looks from everyone else.
“Lord Tyrion. I appreciate your…offer to court me. But I have to refuse.”
“Noo! No! We have to stop her! There’s a chance! You can’t get the [Matchmaker] class if there wasn’t anything there! Do something, father!”
Betta shriek-whispered into Pellmia’s ear. The [Lord] was looking around. He made a hand-sign to Swey. Get a horse to kick you! That was a good distraction. Swey mouthed.
“What? What are you pointing at the horse for?”
Ryoka ignored the whispers. She went on, sweating as she stared at Tyrion. Blink, damn you! Do you know how hard it is to meet your gaze?
“I—can’t accept your offer to court me for a number of reasons. I’m flattered, but—I don’t want to marry anyone. Or date! You’re a [Lord], and I’m a Courier. And—yeah.”
She stopped. Everyone waited, but Ryoka was done. She stepped back.
“I’m really sorry, but my answer is no.”
Pellmia exhaled like he’d been stabbed. Buscrei groaned. Tyrion? He just nodded.
“I see. Is there no way I can change your mind?”
“It’s not that I’m not flattered! I just—can’t.”
Ryoka was backing up, and the wind was growing. Tyrion trotted forwards a bit.
“I did not offer marriage, Miss Griffin. I simply would like to know if you are amenable—”
“—I have things to do, I’m so sorry if I’ve led anyone to a misunderstanding by being silent.”
Ryoka saw Hethon and Sammial look askance. Lord Tyrion glanced at them.
“Ryoka. Would you not stay? My feelings aside, my sons do seem to enjoy your company.”
The Wind Runner hesitated. They gave her pleading nods. She bit her lip.
“It’s just—”
“Miss Ryoka, you must stay. What about the gifts to your friends? Fruits as souvenirs for Liscor?”
Pellmia broke in desperately. Tyrion looked at her.
“Is there no chance?”
Hell. Ryoka Griffin was shaking her head. She just opened her arms and the wind caught the windsuit.
“Look, I’m sorry, but this? This is insane. I have to go. I’ll talk to you all later. A month later or something, okay? We can talk then. Just don’t…don’t.”
