8.24
Page 41
She looked at Desinee. The [Lady] was opening her mouth to say something. Ryoka had nothing. She just jumped.
“Ryoka! Wait! Don’t leave!”
Sammial shouted, and his plea was the one thing that made the Wind Runner look down. However—she caught the air and was up in a second.
“We pushed too hard!”
Keireen cried out, dismayed. Foiled! Weeks, perhaps months of fun ruined! Lord Pellmia was shaking his head, sighing, as Betta remonstrated with him. They turned to Tyrion, wondering how he’d take it—
The [Lord] was gone. Everyone looked around and saw a shape, faster than an arrow, speeding after Ryoka. Lord Pellmia’s jaw dropped. Buscrei began to cackle with laughter.
“I forgot! He’s as stubborn as stone too!”
 
—-
 
He was following her! Ryoka did a double-take as the wind screamed around her. She flew, away from Pellmia’s orchards and colorful trees, straight as the crow flies.
Nevertheless, the zig-zagging figure kept up. He called to her, and somehow she heard him over the roar of the wind.
“Ryoka! Ryoka, halt, please!”
“Stop following me!”
She flew higher, but Lord Tyrion followed her. He was too fast!
It was insane. Even in the air, Ryoka was going fast. On land? Only Magnolia’s carriage could have kept up with her, or maybe the Unmarked Coach. Or…
Lord Tyrion Veltras. Like before, they skimmed across the landscape. He was pushing his horse, but he could speed up. Ryoka looked down.
The only people who could keep up with each other locked gazes. She had never been this fast. But him? When he galloped, he left everyone behind. What must it feel like to chase someone? To stare up and…
She looked away. Began to fly higher. Tyrion called out to her.
Was there a chance?
If there wasn’t, still don’t go. Because you are needed. My sons smile around you.
Don’t go.
There was no way she could have heard him, flying hundreds of feet higher. No way—but the wind blew his voice to her. Ryoka Griffin wavered.
What about Mrsha, though? What about Erin? She looked north, to the coast, still invisible from where she flew. Beyond it lay the place where fate had told her she could find a way to save Erin. She couldn’t tarry here. No matter how much she saw in Hethon and Sammial. Why had the fae dropped her back where she started, rather than on Terandria?
Perhaps because they wanted her to meet Tyrion? A [Lord] with an army.
She looked down at him. She wanted to believe he was an honorable man. One who had done terrible things, but someone she could trust. More than Magnolia. She couldn’t fly alone. Something was coming. Something was back.
Even so, this, of all things, Ryoka Griffin ran from. She would rather fight for her life than…
The Wind Runner began to leave the [Lord] behind. Flying up. Away.
 
—-
 
Below her, the busybodies were crying out. Shouting encouragement. Swey tore at his mustache.
“No! She’s getting away! Do you think he’ll chase her until she lands?”
“Maybe he should!”
Buscrei nodded at the idea, but Pellmia shook his head. He knew Tyrion. The man wouldn’t press his suit—he was stubborn, but not unchivalrous. He turned to his wife and daughter.
“No, we went too far! Damn, damn and rot! She’ll avoid the north like the plague itself for months! She’s leaving! We can’t go all the way to Liscor! Even Tyrion would take days to get there.”
“Weeks regularly. Far too long.”
An annoyed voice agreed. Betta shook her head.
“There was a chance! I’m sure of it! I’d bet my class on it! Father, can’t you use a Skill? Knock yourself out! Maybe you’ll get another Skill!”
