8.24
Page 16
It was so strange hearing Tyrion talk with such detail and passion about anything. But then—this was his forte. Ryoka’s edginess around him noticeably turned to actual attention as she realized he’d forgotten about courting her. He was pointing out the formation, the way the [Knights] were sitting, the backup lances in their bags of holding to his sons, who also seemed bemused and delighted by their suddenly-talkative father.
In the meantime, they were sitting together. Talking. Oho. Ohohohoho.
Lord Pellmia rubbed his hands together and reached for a cucumber slice. The Level 6 [Matchmaker] felt his Skill working. Just a bit! However, the sight of Ryoka leaning over and listening to Tyrion, asking questions as he pointed out details and explained the [Knight] Order—how could you dream of that after last night?
‘I understand you may have reservations about a relationship, Ryoka. Please address me with any complaints about my character or actions and I will happily discuss them now. I would like to hear any salient points you have.’
Pellmia shuddered. After lines like that had been etched into Ryoka’s—not to mention Pellmia’s—very soul? This was a miracle.
No, this was a Skill. He hadn’t been able to activate it randomly, but it seemed that if he had an opportunity…
[Romantic Push]. The [Lord] sat back, smiling. Then his face fell.
Giant oranges, if Ryoka and Tyrion do come to my home, I’ll have to do this all day. Can our hearts take it? 
His wife and daughter might actually expire if Tyrion came out with another line as bad as the rest. However, Pellmia put that aside. For now, he just sat with Tyrion and Ryoka, occasionally interjecting, kicking Tyrion, smiling desperately.
…Counter-leveling.
 
—-
 
The Order of Seasons rode to war, and the Goblin rode with them. He had nothing better to do.
…No, he truly had nothing better to do. What else was there to do in life, other than to follow friends to battle and watch their backs? Nothing.
The Season of Summer understood a Redfang Goblin’s mind. They were alike in many respects. That was how they’d come to this.
War. A crusade against Ailendamus! They trotted down one of Pheislant’s wide highways, towards the army that had dared to cross Pheislant’s borders and attack the Dawn Concordat from the side.
Ailendamus’ army was larger by far than the thousand some [Knights], mainly [Summer Knights], and the mixed group of Pheislant’s soldiers contributed by noble houses. The retinue and personal retainers of some of the Order of Seasons’ members, like House Kallinad’s [Soldiers] who had come because Talia was riding with them.
When they had heard the Order of Seasons and the Summer’s Champion were marching on them, Ailendamus’ army had halted and moved back. Choosing their battlefield.
Rabbiteater knew all this, being with Greysten, the Summer’s Champion most of the day. He heard the condemnation by Pheislant’s ruler, the outrage of Knight-Commander Calirn, Ailendamus’ threats of war with Pheislant which might very well come to pass if Greysten did not turn around right now—
None of it mattered. The Summer’s Champion had made his choice. Like a Goblin, he would not gainsay his oath. There was only right and wrong, and so summer rode to war. That was very Goblin-like to Rabbiteater, but there were differences.
