8.25 KH
Page 0

She was so used to moving, fighting, to the bloody now and the next battle that it was only when she stopped that Teresa Atwood realized how much she’d changed.
The young woman from London had always thought she could live ‘rough’, that she had some kind of innate toughness from experiences in her life. Having to half-raise herself and Trey at times. Dealing with some dicey situations and surviving instances like when the power had been cut for nearly two weeks, one time they’d nearly been mugged, and so on.
That all seemed silly now. She had become used to sleeping in the saddle, cleaning her gear and sword even when she was about to fall over.
Killing people. She had become a [Soldier], or at least, a [Warrior]. It made Teres…a bit glad Trey wasn’t here. The King of Destruction had taught her too well.
He made excellent warriors. In the short time since he had reawoken, he had taken old veterans, poor, impoverished civilians, and the small band of true warriors and created multiple armies, each one as battle-seasoned as any nation in Chandrar could field. They were spread out around Reim’s new territory, half a dozen armies that had seen more combat than many nations’ [Soldiers] would ever see in peace.
That was what he’d done, the King of Destruction. Not to say that he’d left Reim to rot; Teres did see the cities growing, farmlands revitalized with water and more hands. However, it was a product of the war.
Gold from ransoming prisoners or selling them, treasure from other nations, and the need for food, supplies, not to mention the captured territories, were making Reim bloom. It was as the King of Destruction said. He was a [King] who specialized in war, not peace.
War unending, though. War with everyone.
Ever since Nerrhavia Fallen and all the other nations had declared war, Teresa had followed Flos south, to defend Reim’s capital and push back Nerrhavia’s Hordes, as they were known. In the north, Orthenon and Mars took on Medain, the Claiven Earth, and spread out to the east too, to block other armies coming in. Reim’s rapid annexation of nations had stopped—by sheer weight of the other armies.
In fact, it might be that at last Flos Reimarch had met his match. The Minotaurs had shown the world you could beat him with the right strategy, by threatening his army and inflicting more casualties than he was willing to take.
Nerrhavia was putting on a similar show—albeit less impressive. If you could field four armies for every one of Flos’, and replace them if he routed each one, the King of Destruction would be worn down, unable to attack and merely go from battle to battle.
That was how Teres saw it. Wherever Flos went, he won. With Venith and Maresar Crusland, his strongest lieutenants in the south, he had the ability to crush the enemy. Not least because Takhatres would also swoop in with his tribe to pincer an enemy between them. The Lord of the Skies, the fastest Garuda on Chandrar and his tribe were an army without match.
…However, Nerrhavia would just rout, ransom its prisoners, and regroup. And while they were busy smashing one group to pieces, another snuck into Hellios and raised hell. It forced Reim to stay on the defensive, running from spot to spot.
Only Takhatres stopped Nerrhavia from sending thousands of raiding parties in and torching everything they could see; his Garuda were everywhere and they would drop out of the sky and shred smaller forces.
