8.25 KH
Page 7
Teres cried out. However, Takhatres just leapt out his saddle, sprinted after it, and caught it before it hit the ground. Teres stared at him, open-mouthed.
“You had your fun. It’s a fascinating device. If we end the war, I’d like to relax for at least a week.”
The Garuda glowered at Flos as he handed the iPhone back. Flos sobered, nodding.
“If Amerys returns to us, you, Orthenon, Mars, and I might storm Nerrhavia alone. Just like the old days. We could reach the capital with your movement Skills, burst through, kidnap Yisame—I’m working on the plan.”
“What about Gazi and Amerys in that scenario?”
Teres asked. Flos shrugged.
“They’ll guard the capital. Gazi wouldn’t let me have any fun if we broke into Yisame’s palace—come to that, we’ll leave Orthenon behind. Maresar, would you be interested?”
“Hmm. If I can loot their treasury.”
Maresar grinned. Teres looked at Takhatres, who was smiling and Venith, who looked concerned.
“Wait. Is that an actual plan?”
“We did do it a number of times. It works, depending on if they’re expecting us. Narrow hallways, no armies? Gazi, Mars and Orthenon could hold off tens of thousands if they didn’t have magic. They did that one time.”
“Because someone had to reveal themselves when they heard they were being badmouthed.”
Takhatres grumbled. Flos hummed innocently.
Stories of old. Every time they talked, Teres was reminded that this was Flos’ return. All their history? It was the stuff of stories. They were so casual about it here that she forgot.
 
—-
 
She saw more of the King of Destruction’s legend in the wary eyes of the Stitchfolk [General]. It was a she this time, and she bowed. Her clothing, like her skin, was silk, perhaps armored silk, or just decoration given the truce.
Nevertheless, both sides had taken only a small retinue each…frankly, even though they were in bowshot of the enemy camp, it was Nerrhavia who was in danger if Flos broke the truce; Takhatres, Flos, Venith, and Maresar were all probably higher-level than the [General] herself.
“King of Destruction. I greet you on this day of Cinaelu. Will you drink with us?”
“Of course, General.”
The King of Destruction smiled, and that was how Teres found herself sitting on a carpet under a canopy spread over the sand, sipping a slightly tart wine, talking awkwardly with some of the String Folk, who were clearly aware of this temporary truce.
However, it was also clear that this was the holiday of holidays for String Folk. The [Soldiers] were exchanging small gifts, all of string, Teres realized, and relaxing. Staring at the King of Destruction too.
It was going to make the next battle harder. However, Flos Reimarch just smiled as he spoke to the [General].
“My companion, General Freivisha, is not of Chandrar.”
“Ah. Then she is new to this day?”
“Exceedingly. Hm. Here you are.”
Flos made to hand it over, but a servant hurriedly bowed, took the small slate, and then transferred it to General Freivisha. The servant, Teres noted, was Cotton. The [General] and all those relaxing were Silk.
Castes and hierarchies. For all that, Teres was tickled pink by the interaction. The [General] blushed slightly as her smooth silk skin turned even darker. She tucked the slate with the King of Destruction’s signature into her bag of holding.
“It would not be seemly to ask otherwise, but on this day of days…I thank you, Lord of the Skies.”
“Perhaps you should consider retreating before nightfall. I don’t believe his Majesty or I would enjoy battling you tomorrow. Nor after exchanging pleasantries.”
