8.25 KH
Page 12
It was times like this that Krshia missed Erin. Everything had been simpler when Erin was just a strange Human from another world on her own. Now, Earthers were as common as copper, and they were all as insane as Erin was. They didn’t look like it at first, but they all were.
Rose hadn’t been a known quantity to Krshia. She’d been…one of the Earthers. The most responsible of them, perhaps, but that was all. Interested in plays?
Rose loved stories. This was a fairytale to her, the story she had wanted to find when she had first met Magnolia Reinhart. Her eyes were shining, but the Gnolls were confused.
All but one. Honored Deskie began to laugh and the other three Chieftains and [Shamans] turned to her. The [Magical Weaver] laughed and the old Gnoll took another bite of her snack. Reminded, Krshia did likewise.
“Well, now. This is simple enough. Chieftain Eska, Akrisa, Orelighn. Let me make it simpler. This young woman says she knows the future! That this is a story like Gorah and the Ogre King. She says she can predict what Honored Lehra will go through because it is a story like that!”
“Oh.”
The other Gnolls accepted the explanation at once. Rose nodded. But Honored Deskie fixed her with a kindly, if knowing eye.
“So, Rose. If you know what Honored Lehra will do, and the shape of events—what can she do, now, to activate the Blade of Mershi?”
Rose hesitated. Krshia chewed as the young woman thought.
“Well…she needs to find uh, the City of Stars’ ruins…or a sign of the wielder’s old life. Then she’d activate powers and find out more—”
“So search for clues. Which is what she is doing. Could you tell her anything specific?”
“Uh—uh—not anything I can think of. But the story—”
Was a story. And there were a lot of ways you could tell it. Rose’s face fell, but Deskie just smiled.
“Knowing the shape of the final product isn’t knowing how it was woven. Your knowledge is powerful, Rose. If you can help Honored Lehra, the debt of a Named Adventurer and her team would not be small. But I think, we should not focus overly on that.”
Shamefaced, Rose hung her head. Inkar came forwards then.
“Is Lehra in danger if this Lord Dragial will win?”
“It’s—maybe not now. He’s the big villain. I don’t know how you’d stop that.”
“By killing him?”
Akrisa frowned. Rose stared at her, and some of the excitement drained further away.
“What? N-no. And if you did, it would probably be him being replaced by someone else. His best henchmen or a betrayal from a friend…”
“Like our lives.”
Krshia couldn’t help but comment. Beilmark grinned ironically.
“Cut off the head and one grows back. Like a gang.”
Rose hung her head. Was it useless after all? Inkar patted her on the shoulder, and Krshia shook her head.
“Rose’s knowledge is just one thing that we have to bring before Chieftains and Tribes like ours, yes? Let us consider telling Lehra and her tribe—although Lehra is not the most discreet. For now, I think it is time. The Raskghar are here.”
The Gnolls sobered. The Raskghar were under heavy guard, but Pallass had escorted them here. Krshia sighed.
“The first debates will begin to take place. We have to make more allies. Thus, we must risk taking more tribes into confidence, before the final reveal. It is time to buy and sell, and we risk much, but we have much to offer.”
