8.25 KH
Page 27
Her team was thinking the exact same thing.
By the end of the fourth day, Ceria was walking, albeit with Luaar there to help her. The mana-burnout was fading by the end of the fifth, which was just as well. The [Bandits] rode in around that time and she heard the voice again.
“Murderer!”
However, she had time to prepare for all this. Ceria Springwalker was stranded, but not helpless. She only had to ask herself one question as she assessed, learned where she was and what might be in front of her or finding and rescuing her friends. And that was—
 
—-
 
“—how am I going to get out of this?”
Yvlon Byres sat, her one arm folded, staring at the wall. She hmmed to herself, biting her lip. She wore no manacles on her legs or arm anymore.
However, there was an unpleasant marking on her neck. A glowing rune that would blow her head off—and the rest of her body—if she left this place, or angered her captors.
She was in the colloseum, in one of the gladiator’s cells. It was and wasn’t like prison.
Yvlon was familiar with incarceration in the north. Not personally, but she knew what a [Lady] might—it could be municipal, or administered by the ruling lord. Swift—it often was—or longer-term prisoners did exist. More rarely though; Calruz was an exception.
It cost money to feed and house them, and that was a luxury most didn’t have. A [Bandit] normally got the noose. However, Chandrar put their prisoners to work. They made slaves out of them or—as Yvlon now knew intimately—made them [Gladiators].
She had not gained the class yet. She had not fought yet. But she would.
To Yvlon’s surprise, once she’d arrived in the cells, she and the other [Storm Bandits] had been divided up. Their shackles had been removed, and they had been fed, even given fresh clothing, albeit already used. The [Guards] watched them, but didn’t offer to beat them and gave them privacy, even small luxuries.
Even the [Storm Bandits] seemed to think they’d struck out. Because a prisoner or worse, [Slave], would be worked until they dropped. But a [Gladiator]?
“Let’s see. Either I break out—and I’m in a large city in…where in Nerrhavia? Point.”
Yvlon turned her head. A terrified woman pressed up against the edge of the cell shivered and pointed.
“T-there, Miss Byres.”
“Hm.”
Yvlon raised her metal arm. She poked a finger straight through the old stone of her cell and carefully marked the crude map of Chandrar. The [Thief] that had been in her cart and two of the other prisoners who were now gladiators stared at Yvlon in horror. Every time she looked at them, they flinched. They were clearly worried she’d beat them or kill them—the story about her mad rampage had been all over the cells.
The other gladiators watched Yvlon from their cells. Not the barren, straw-and-lice cells with urine on the floor and an unsanitary odor she had expected at all. Rather, there were blankets, pillows, the [Guards] made sure there weren’t rats, and someone had even lit incense.
“No good. I’m way too far within the borders. Damn. You said I was about…here?”
Yvlon indicated the western edge of Nerrhavia. One of the prisoners nodded.
“If it was where they said—yes, Adventurer Byres!”
She gave the woman a look; the cells were obviously split between genders.
“You can call me Yvlon. I’m not going to hurt you.”
“Absolutely, Yvlon! Whatever you say!”
The Human woman sighed. She was alone among mostly String Folk, although the gladiator-prisoners hued to all sorts. She turned to face the three companions in her four-person cell.
