8.25 KH
Page 33
He had no talent for this. What would Yvlon do? She was so sensible. If she had to intimidate someone, she’d use her rank, in a very acceptably diplomatic way. And then if there were no recourse, grab them and put their head through a wall.
“Hm. What if I ate this plate? Or—demonstrated the might of the Antinium by…”
Ksmvr was so busy thinking up ways to increase his dominance-factor that he didn’t realize the room had been infiltrated until his assailant leapt on him. He whirled, fists raised. His new Skill was ready to pulverize—
“Meow.”
Yinah the half-Golem cat landed on Ksmvr’s shoulder. She stared at him. He stared back.
“You are the cat.”
The cat licked her paw and stared at him curiously. Ksmvr remembered her! From the arena! Then she’d been on his chest…
The [Skirmisher] hesitated. Then he glanced around. No one was bothering him, so Ksmvr lifted Yinah up.
“Are you a prisoner of the Magus-Crafter too? Wait, that would make you a ‘pet’. You are half-Golem. I commend your upgrade.”
Yinah gave him a narrow-eyed look. But then Ksmvr began to pat her on the head.
“Pat, pat. You are a cat. Also known as a kitty, or kitten, or feline. I am Ksmvr. Pat, pat.”
All three hands came down and patted Yinah very gently. Ksmvr wasn’t sure if he was doing it right, but he had once been told animals liked such things. She was softer than the horses he had ridden, but she seemed to enjoy the patting just as much.
Travails forgotten, Ksmvr began to pat the cat. He was still a prisoner, even if not a dire one, and his team was lost. But here was a cat.
He liked cats, and didn’t realize he liked them until now. They made a strange, purring sound.
Pat, pat.
 
—-
 
Femithain’s problem was that Ksmvr was Antinium—the issue with the public demanding he be damaged in kind for the Testing was not the issue.
The issue was Antinium in Chandrar, a fact that had caused no less than Yisame to write to him expressing concern. Femithain didn’t…know what to say.
He was still trying to fix Domehead, reprimand all those at the Testings, address Nsiia, and locate other Horns of Hammerad—all while reassuring worried nations from the Shield Kingdoms to the largest nations that Antinium were not going to appear out of the sky.
Or from the ground. It was a ludicrous thought. Ksmvr was an adventurer, but panic…the Magus-Crafter sighed as he hurried back towards the guest suite.
Less than an hour since his first talk, and he had an idea. He held an affidavit for Ksmvr to sign, a magical seal confirmed by truth spell that Ksmvr was not part of an invasion force. Femithain had no idea how else to reassure the many concerned people; it was a ludicrous thing to need to prove, but maybe this would work.
“Magus-Crafter, will this really work? And that you should deliver it?”
“It may at least reassure most. What is the issue with my presence?”
Femithain turned to one of the [Golem Artificers]. The man was pale. He lowered his voice as Armsmaster Dellic warily eyed the door.
“You saw that—that thing. Magus-Crafter! Perhaps we should take more precautions! That thing—”
“Adventurer Ksmvr.”
“—it threatened war! Implicitly!”
“Mm. Yes. Although given what he has been through, that is an understandable precaution.”
The other man spluttered, but the Magus-Crafter looked unnaturally calm. He glanced at Dellic.
“Your impressions, Armsmaster?”
Dellic licked his lips.
“I don’t know how you’re so calm, Magus-Crafter. The Antinium didn’t sound understandable to me. That trick with the bone—it wants to fight.”
