8.25 KH
Page 1
That was Teres’ life for the last month or more. She’d lost count. Fight, level, sleep—and fight again. The toll on her was largely invisible; she had become a [Soldier] so it was just…living. The King of Destruction, Flos himself, seemed to also bear the strain of sustained conflict well.
Perhaps even he had a breaking point though, because today was different.
 
—-
 
“Halt the army! We’re done for today.”
Flos Reimarch held up his hand and his [Soldiers] slowed. They had marched through the night towards the army threatening the capital, less than a day away. It was another night-battle, one that actually favored Reim; Nerrhavia’s army and its chariots often hit their own side if they couldn’t see.
“Your Majesty?”
Venith Crusland, the [Lord] and one of the best [Warriors] and [Commanders] in the army, raised his eyebrows. He had taken over for Death-Commander Ytol, who was in the north. He looked at the [King], but his wife, Maresar, just nodded. She raised a dark-skinned hand and the [Riders] around her halted. The former [Bandit Lord]—for all she was a woman—turned and began calling orders.
“We’re not going to fight? But they’re just ahead of us. Four more miles! We can do it in an hour, beat them in two, and sleep at least three more before dawn.”
Teresa Atwood protested. It wasn’t hyperbole either; she just wanted to sleep. They’d done this before, but Flos Reimarch just shook his head.
The King of Destruction, gold and red in his hair, had halted suddenly. His warhorse, barded in armor, and his enchanted armor and sword were themselves as disheveled as he was.
Not dirty, but just not pristine. Coated with a bit of dust, grime, or the remnants of blood. He had been fighting in the vanguard of his army for nearly a month, and while his appetite for battle never seemed to wane, the pointless clashes with Nerrhavia had left him simply focused, not beaming or laughing as he had after his first clashes with Jecrass and Raelt.
Teresa had never seen Flos just stop before, though. The King of Destruction was staring up at the clear, starry sky, always beautiful in Chandrar, where clouds were rare.
“Venith, Teres. I’m sure we could wipe out whichever army this is. However—not today.”
Venith and Teres exchanged glances. She wasn’t as friendly with him as Trey was, but Trey made lots of friends. Teres knew Venith mostly in fighting, as the solid leader who made sure Flos didn’t charge in unsupported and issued commands. He looked—uneasy, now. Teres could almost read his thoughts.
“Your Majesty? Are you well?”
Was he tired of battle? Was this the moment the King of Destruction gave up once more and went into his slumber?
Teres felt a flutter of uncertainty again. No, surely not. But why would Flos abandon a battle?
For answer, the King of Destruction merely reached for his belt pouch. He fumbled with it, pulled out a dried piece of jerky, stared at it, and stuck it in his mouth and chewed.
That wasn’t what he was looking for. Flos frowned.
“Not here. Here? No. Venith, do you have a…a…”
He pulled out blade oil, a healing potion, a Scroll of Messages, and grunted as he began to grow annoyed. Venith waited and then cleared his throat.
“Your Majesty, a what?”
“A—calendar. Do you know what day it is today?”
Venith’s eyes sharpened. He felt for his own bag of holding and then smiled.
“I believe it is the day you’re thinking of, your Majesty. Shall I have one of our officers check?”
