8.25 KH
Page 42
As in, ‘pull this village screaming into an abyss in the ground’ dangerous, but Ceria didn’t tell Luaar that. He scooted back further, but couldn’t look away from the artifact. She had no idea what it did.
Frankly, given her experiences with the ruins of Albez, Ceria knew she shouldn’t have gone within a ten mile radius of an artifact used by the Putrid One. She certainly shouldn’t have touched it, let alone stuffed it into a bag of holding and kept it on her person.
There had been no choice. The undead had been about to wipe them out, and in that frenzied moment before flight, the Horns had taken a calculated risk and grabbed anything they could before running.
It had been a good risk; they hadn’t gone into the armory, but grabbed the Putrid One’s personal possessions, which were lying about. The odds were that such objects weren’t as cursed as most dungeon treasures.
Even so, Ceria had snagged only one object; the circlet, which had been fallen on the ground, possibly knocked from the half-Elf’s head himself. She’d only touched it with her bone-hand, and even now didn’t quite dare touch it with her flesh-and-blood one.
It could protect her and enable her to brave any threat. Or…Ceria shuddered.
“It might be a soul-sucking circlet that contains the lives of hundreds of innocent victims. Or it could fuse to my flesh. Or slowly turn me into an undead if I’m not strong enough in death magic. Or—if it’s one of those super-rare sentient ones, it could decide it hates me and cast [Death Bolt] through my brain.”
Luaar stared at the circlet, and then Ceria, and then backed to the doorframe. The half-Elf sighed. She didn’t even know if being near it was healthy.
Still…she was smiling. She had treasure. Ceria’s smile flickered. Dangerous treasure. If anyone knew she had this—well, it made her life harder. She heard shouting from outside and rose. Luaar turned.
“Bandits! Adventurer Ceria—they’re—”
Ceria swore and rose. She hesitated, reached for the circlet, and stuffed it into her bag of holding without putting it on. She really didn’t want to die. It was a last-resort.
As she strode outside, then thought better and peeked out from the doorframe with Luaar, Ceria worried for her team. Ksmvr was alive. But Yvlon and Pisces would be walking targets, if they hadn’t been thrown into a dangerous spot already.
After all…
Each one of them had grabbed something. The half-Elf breathed in and out, and heard the voice again.
“You murderer.”
“Just who’s saying that?”
She stared at the bag of holding for a second. No, it couldn’t be. Ceria sighed.
If the circlet was possessed, she was going to be really upset.
 
—-
 
…Each one a treasure beyond worth. They’d survived the impossible. If only they’d arrived at Khelt.
If only. From glory to defeat to…the world did like to kick you when you were down. That was how it went. When you fell, the momentum carried you.
He had been sick, ill, for days. They’d dragged him along; now? They made him walk. He could barely think, he was still sick with mana-burn.
Yet he remembered.
Artifacts. It was his. His treasure. His…spellbook.
The [Slavers] just laughed at Pisces as he mumbled it, dragged along, tethered to the long line of chained [Slaves]. One of them lifted the book in a gloved hand; they weren’t stupid enough to open it.
“Not yours, [Necromancer]! Ours! By rights, your gear is ours. We’ll sell that separate; it might be worth more than you are! Although your name will earn a lot. I’ll be interested to see which is which, eh? Although if it’s really a treasure from the Village of the Dead…”
