8.25 KH
Page 30
Or the reverse. Yvlon narrowed her eyes as Rexes delivered this all in a whisper. She had been alone at first, picking at her meal and not very hungry but knowing she had to eat, but then Leprel, the [Storm Bandit] who’d first met her, had come over.
The [Gladiators] were eying her and Yvlon eyed them right back. She turned to face the two who’d given her the low-down.
“Why are you telling me all this? Aren’t you worried we’ll be enemies?”
Rexel licked her lips. It was Leprel who grinned lopsidedly.
“Think on it, Silver-arm. If that’s the score, all us prisoners are in trouble until we survive for a bit and stop being the fresh meat afore the hyenas. If she were here, we’d all be behind Merr. But since she got taken to be a [Slave]—if I get with you, you might watch my back in a fight. Not like there’re better options, eh?”
Silver-arm? Yvlon’s face was blank, but she bit into the yellat at last and swallowed some water grimly.
“Maybe. No promises. What’s next?”
“Training.”
Leprel laughed at Yvlon’s incredulous expression.
“What, you thought they’d just toss us to death? We’ll get at least a day or two of lessons. They also see how good we are with the blade to make the most interesting matches.”
“Aren’t they worried we’ll use the weapons on them? Even a practice sword can kill.”
Yvlon looked at the casual guards, but Rexel reminded her by tapping the rune they’d drawn in magic on her neck.
“No need. You kill one of them, your head blows off. So—just keep calm, eh, Silver-killer?”
The [Silversteel Armsmistress] glowered at her two companions.
“What is with these nicknames?”
The two, [Bandit] and [Thief], exchanged silent looks. Neither one said it, but Leprel quietly traded places with one of the other prisoners to the relief of Yvlon’s cellmate. It was a risk with a wild, raging monster like her, but—she had a sense about Yvlon.
If you wanted to be a legend in the Arena of Rust, you needed a nickname and the Skills to back it up. She and Rexel were putting their hopes on the beast from Izril, one-armed or not.
Yvlon Byres grumbled as she stomped off after breakfast, following the others to sword practice. She still felt unwell and occasionally felt at her stomach. But she was acclimating, understanding she might have to fight. She was just glad…no one had noticed the most important things.
Two things. One, they’d tested everyone for magic when putting them in jail and noticed Yvlon’s arms obviously. They couldn’t remove them, so all was well. Well, that was one thing.
The second was that they had no idea what her Skills could do. Yvlon hadn’t used her new Skills yet since she was always with her cellmates, but even without…she glanced casually at the jagged metal on her right arm. She couldn’t tell, but it looked—
A bit longer. Was her arm growing back?
 
—-
 
He did not know where Yvlon was. Or Ceria. Or Pisces. Ksmvr did understand a few things, and compartmentalized the facts in his neat mind like a good Prognugator would. Or adventurer.
 
-He was in the Illivere Federation, a group of states all specializing in Golem-manufacture in the south of Chandrar.
-They had not arrived in Khelt and been separated mid-trip, possibly by magical disturbance or the haste of the spellcasting. Possibly Pisces had simply miscast the [Greater Teleport] spell.
-Whereabouts of all the other Horns were unknown, even to the Magus-Crafter of Illivere.
-Ksmvr was a pseudo-prisoner, exact status unconfirmed, but his ‘murder’ of Domehead and Hammera and the other Golems had engendered Illivere’s wrath.
