8.25 KH
Page 22
At last, Ser Sest sat back with a pained sigh.
“The fact remains you are right, Ser Dalimont. We can return the story, but the individual? The child cannot return to glorious Calanfer, surely. Even if she cannot speak, she can write. If the slightest hint were to emerge that Princess Lyonette had been anything but chaste…”
“She is far too old for that, Ser Lormel! To even be considered the fruits of a co-mingling—I would challenge you to a duel were I to hear that from your lips in Calanfer!”
Ushar half rose, a thunderous look on her face. Sest raised his hands.
“I would never impugn her Highness’ honor, Ushar! Yet tongues wag in defiance of fact. In another time, friends, perhaps we could take the child but—dare we risk Calanfer’s fate today?”
“She cannot be left alone.”
Ser Lormel put in, as concerned for Mrsha’s wellbeing as for what would happen next. He looked around. Ushar bit her lip.
“She has friends here. It may be cruel, but Calanfer could prepare an adequate sum to care for her all her days. The Princess could well visit—in time—after marriage. Reveal the story and reunite the two. If she were married ere our return, three years?”
Lormel was shaking his head already.
“That is cruel to do to a child, Dame Ushar. It clashes with every notion I have of wellbeing for children.”
He would know. He wasn’t assigned to any one [Princess], but Lormel was in service to the throne, and thus he had helped raise the 7th Princess. The other Thronebearers deferred to him and Dalimont sighed. What a mess.
He closed his eyes and thought. At last, when he opened them, he looked around directly.
“Let us find the Princess first and see just how much she cares for the girl. We need not separate the two, after all. A Gnoll may grow up in Calanfer…quietly. And visit the palace or be visited quite often.”
“Like the illegitimate…ahem. Yes, of course! Plenty of time to deliberate further on the journey back.”
Sir Sest’s eyes lit up, and even Lormel nodded after a moment. The Thronebearers relaxed. Then, they focused on the other task and Ushar groaned.
“Oteslia! We have ridden a continent across already!”
“At least we know the door will help. That’s an eight-hundred mile round trip saved.”
Glumly, Ushar nodded. Lormel frowned.
“But Miss Mrsha should be cared for, especially if Princess Lyonette has declared her a ward of any sort. That inn is not safe. I find those men in hats somewhat…disreputable to my senses. Were I in Calanfer, I would inquire after them. Nor does she have a proper caretaker.”
“We should ensure it ere we leave. Perhaps take it into our own hands.”
Sest nodded. Ushar blinked at him and snapped back.
“Take her with us? Are you mad, Ser Sest?”
He glowered at her. She’d misinterpreted his words.
“Not at all! I would hardly subject a child to riding through Drake lands, even if we can skip the Bloodfields. Perhaps, though, we should arrange something! One of us staying behind is…too perilous for our mission, yet surely there are ways to arrange actual guardianship! The Terandrian Embassy?”
There was a joint embassy which multiple nations could house representatives at—a kind of neutral ground. [Knights], [Diplomats]…there was surely a way, although keeping Mrsha’s status quiet would be the hard part. The Thronebearers looked at each other, thinking it over.
At this point, Mage Montressa du Valeross stopped listening in on their conversation. She sighed, rubbing her forehead.
“Well?”
