8.25 KH
Page 8
Takhatres handed over his autograph as well. Flos nodded. Somehow, autographs had become a common idea in this world—but Teres had no idea who had started it! Maybe that Joseph guy.
“I could never gainsay her Majesty’s orders.”
The [General] replied after a moment’s pause in which all her subordinates glanced slightly her way. Flos nodded, sighing.
“Then let us simply enjoy Cinaelu! A toast!”
“What’s Cinaelu celebrating?”
Teres asked Maresar as she raised her cup. The [Bandit Lord] whispered back.
“The day when the String Folk of Chandrar won their freedom.”
The [General] had overheard. She paused the toast to smile at Teres.
“You see, Lady Atwood, the name comes from our great hero, the first liberator of our kind. This day we won our freedom, and it is named after her.”
“Cinaelu?”
The other Stitch Folk laughed and the [General] shook her head.
“An anagram. Apparently, the person it was based on objected to a day named after them—so the legend goes that the people just rearranged her name. Thus, while we call it Cinaelu, we say—”
She turned and Flos lifted his small cup.
“Elucina’s weave be yours.”
“And yours, King of Destruction.”
They drank. Teres did likewise, copying the words. The wine was tart, but good, and obviously not poisoned or Esiela would have pointed it out. The [Grand Mage] was still subdued, but she had joined Parasol Stroll; albeit as the only member present in the south.
“Are there any more holidays I’m not aware of?”
Silly though it was, Teres had never given a thought to the fact that Christmas and so on were not here, and there were obviously different special days. Flos hadn’t helped; he’d happily instituted Christmas at once and dyed his beard white. He’d also smashed three chimneys before giving up on playing Santa.
Maresar and Venith exchanged glances. Venith counted them out on his fingers.
“Derrás Me, the Solstices, Yellat Day—although that one is simply for fun. The Clear Skies Celebrations…not many.”
“I know the Clear Skies Celebrations—that’s the end of the Dragons on Chandrar, right? Derrás Me is the one with the parades across Chandrar? …What’s Yellat Day?”
The King of Destruction glanced at Takhatres, who glanced at the [General]. Everyone in the tent thoughtfully paused to try to explain. Flos eventually shrugged.
“You eat a lot of Yellats.”
Teres supposed she had that one coming. Flos held out his cup for another drink.
“And occasionally you find one that gets up and walks around. That’s lucky.”
The young woman began to choke on her wine.
 
—-
 
Cinaelu was a holiday for String People. Such that while Octavia might have hung up a little decoration on her shop door and taken a day off to get together with some String Folk in Invrisil, and Revi likewise celebrated it, it went unnoticed the world over.
It was not news, much to the indignation of an entire species. Wistram News Network was, in that sense, ruder than the King of Destruction, who had put aside war for this day.
Although not everyone appreciated the gesture. More than one person did not see Flos Reimarch’s gesture as at all hospitable. Why should a Human know peace on a day for us?
Ironically, his holiday was the tipping point; a bit of ire on already-bubbling cauldrons of vengeance directed towards him. The unforeseen consequences of that would soon appear—but there was one more interesting non-Stitchfolk person who celebrated the day. Albeit in her way.
 
—-
 
They called her…the Gnoll of Stars. Captain of Stargazer’s Promise, the youngest Named Adventurer in living memory!
