8.25 KH
Page 18
Emira Sulaake welcomed three guests into her room. First, the noble family of the Escrites—although they were fairly poor for all that. Their spirit was not of a high order, and was used for specific bodyguarding, careful combat, and menial chores. She had neither the talent nor magic to harvest a field in an instant, but she was still a Djinni.
Merchant Almon was different. Newly come to his Djinni, he was clearly leery of it, but its incredible mathematical skills managed his entire growing, network of businesses and deliveries. He was thus accorded less respect—not that he noticed—for all his Djinni was more powerful.
The most important guest was, of course, from far off. A foreign diplomat. From the Empire of Sands.
He smiled most eloquently after all the niceties were done and they were seated. The Stitch-Man of satin-weave and a luxuriant cloth that even Sulaake had never seen was so graceful he made the others speechless.
The other mortals, anyways. The Djinni never looked twice at him, being more concerned with each other or their tasks. The Nightair Djinni kept waggling her brows at Drenir, making faces which he was unable to return, but smiled at.
“Drenir, patrol for invisible spies.”
Sulaake said that after the antics got too annoying. She didn’t think for a second any were there, but he moved about rather than distracting her.
“You honor me with your hospitality, Emira. Merchant Almon, Emira Escrites—a good Cinaelu to you. Elucina’s weave be yours.”
All the other Stitchfolk copied the toast. They drank, and then, hospitalities exchanged, began to talk.
Of course, they’d already met. The [Ambassador] from the Empire of Sands had courted Sulaake for quite some time, forging bonds with Nerrhavia and the new, growing power to the far west. She wouldn’t have normally cared as many sought her favor, but he’d offered her a fine cloth. Enough to make a new arm out of, and the fabric had made her feel so strong that she was hooked.
String Folk made gifts of cloth to each other. Enough silk to create arms and legs out of was a handsome gift, but those rich enough to be in Sulaake’s circle went for even more exotic fabrics.
Cloth and thread that were so rare that even a single sheet could be worth a fortune of fortunes—especially since it became String Folk’s bodies. Unicorn hair, for instance, or a cloth made of Phoenix feathers rendered down—
Queen Yisame was said to have many limbs made of such cloth and she was always resplendent. This [Ambassador]? He wore the very same fabric he’d gifted to all the others to win their attention.
At any rate, talk between them was convivial and frank in this private place. It swung first from the news, the latest on Wistram television, to internal politics—the raised taxes on Djinni-owners, which was much resented yet Yisame had instituted due to politics in the capital—to the largest thing in the room. The elephant of destruction—Flos Reimarch.
“Yet another army was simply—beaten. Oh, the capital does rephrase it and I understand we are pushing Hellios, even the King of Destruction’s armies back, but my contacts abroad snigger at Nerrhavia’s glorious armies! Hordes of mice facing a lion, they say. If we win, it will only be because we buried them in corpses.”
Merchant Almon turned quite red as his newly-stitched silk face flushed. He might have been new to wealth, but he was of all things, patriotic.
So was Sulaake, at least in terms of Nerrhavia’s glory. Which was why the Ambassador Sheis had sought her out, of course. She sat, a displeased expression on her face.
