8.25 KH
Page 24
She glanced at the door, as if Luaar’s father was about to come in and attack her. Luaar shook his head. Ceria’s eyes twitched. She nodded slowly.
“Okay. Good. I’m going to rest. I’m—tired—”
She fainted forwards, losing the tension in her body.
 
—-
 
The next time she woke up, Ceria was more awake. She still ate everything he gave her. Luaar stared as Ceria tried to explain.
“Sorry. Mgghf. I’m—mana-burnt.”
“What’s that?”
She spoke and some food nearly came out her nose. Luaar had heard half-Elves were beautiful. She was certainly half-immortal, but the rest? Ceria swallowed hard.
“[Mage]-thing. I was controlling a powerful creation and fighting. I’m an adventurer. I pushed past my limits; I need to rest. One more day and I’ll be fine. I need…did you find anyone else?”
She had asked, and the people of Nerhs had checked, but they had found no one else nearby, and some had gone for miles out. Luaar said that and Ceria grimaced.
“I need to find Pisces. He’ll be in trouble.”
“Is he your friend? Another adventurer?”
“Yes. Gold-rank. Give me—give me that, please. What is it?”
“Mustard.”
A mustard seed, along with yellats, were among the few things Nerhs made. Ceria lathered a yellat with it and ate it. She chewed furiously.
“I need to contact my friend. She sent me a [Message]—where is Nerhs exactly?”
“It’s not part of any nation. We used to be, but we were abandoned.”
The half-Elf interrupted Luaar, not unkindly, but impatiently.
“Location. North Chandrar, south, east? Give me one and I’ll ask for details later.”
“South.”
“Thanks.”
Luaar wanted to ask who Montressa was, how Ceria had gotten here, and more, but she was already flagging off. Exasperated, he rose to find his father.
“The adventurer is awake! Her name is Ceria Springwalker, father, and she wants to talk to you!”
Novethur, or Nove as he was known, turned. He had been sitting with the other oldest [Villagers] since Ceria had woken up on the third day. They had been in conference; someone had even ridden hard to a neighboring village to pick something up.
They were consulting it now. Nove nodded heavily.
“It is time, then.”
He closed the book and the other villagers murmured.
“Do you think it will all go well, Nove?”
“I think so. She seems reasonable. But remember: follow the guide. Here. If I don’t return—execute the following.”
Nove turned and handed the village’s [Healer], old Mereth, the book. Luaar stared at it, a bit incredulously.
When Nove and the others had realized an actual adventurer had appeared in their village, they had sent for the book. Apparently they hadn’t ever thought they’d have to use it, but it was actually a staple the world over in some settlements. Both as entertainment and…a guide.
Adventurers and You: what to do if you find an adventurer on your doorstep. By Krsysl Wordsmith.
“Father, is that book real?”
“Very real.”
Nove looked at his son. He had consulted with the book long and hard. Of course, he’d laughed about it the first time the copy had been passed around. Now?
 
Pg. 42.
‘Section 8: Adventurers Appearing Out of Nowhere. 
If you are subject to the ‘randomly appearing adventurer’ be it an emergency-teleport, a visitor falling from the sky, or, rarely, one tunneling up out of the ground or so on, remain calm.
Refer back to the ‘adventurer alignment test’ at the start of the book to ascertain how dangerous this adventurer is. Under no circumstances should you attempt to rob or deprive the adventurer of their possessions.
