8.25 KH
Page 4
…About fifty eight words total. Takhatres glanced at her, but aside from listening to information about Earth, he hadn’t approached her like Mars or Orthenon. Flos just beamed, happy to see one of his Seven.
“Don’t be so impatient, Takhatres. For once we can relax and stretch our legs out! Claws, wings, whatever. Sit with Teres. You’ve barely talked to her since returning.”
Takhatres gave Teres another look and she gulped. He walked over, sat down, and stared at her.
“Er—hello, Takhatres. Want some breakfast?”
She would have risen to get him a plate, but the Garuda leapt up. He strode towards the cooking campfire like a blur.
Not even Couriers could match his speed. Garuda flying couldn’t go as fast as Takhatres, and even ‘walking’ he blurred along with multiple movement Skills.
He came back just as fast, sans plate. Takhatres stared accusingly at Flos as the King of Destruction looked up.
“What?”
“…Are you eating eggs for breakfast?”
Flos checked his plate.
“…Yes? Oh, come now. Don’t make that face!”
The Garuda folded his wing-arms and glowered.
“You knew I was coming. You’re really eating eggs? My entire tribe is here!”
“Come now, Takhatres, they’re chicken eggs! I didn’t think to tell the [Cooks] and we have a surplus that we don’t want to go to waste.”
“You’re still running poultry farms? Gah. I’ll have them make their own food. This is why…”
Takhatres sped off and came back, finishing his sentence.
“…thoughtless. We fought for five months against the Empire of Sands and you try to feed me eggs on a holiday.”
“I apologize. They’re not Garuda eggs!”
Flos rolled his eyes. Takhatres looked at him.
“Do you eat unborn Human…whatever they are? Or humanoids? Why don’t I host you at my camp and feed you half-Elf? Or monkeys?”
“Fetuses.”
Teres interjected helpfully. Takhatres nodded at her. Flos rubbed at his face.
“Do I need to have a second breakfast prepared so we all spare your sensibilities?”
“That would be a good start.”
Not Mars, Orthenon, or Gazi would have taken that tone with Flos. Teres saw the King of Destruction look up, a bite of omelette on one fork. He and Takhatres locked gazes. Flos exhaled, lowered his fork, and then took his plate, snatched the sausage off, and flipped the rest of it over his head.
“Fine!”
 
—-
 
It turned out that Takhatres and Flos were always like this.
“The Lord of the Skies will argue with his Majesty more than the other Seven—well, those living. Drevish used to do the same, and Amerys would often dispute certain issues. Queravia as well.”
Venith confided in Teres as a second breakfast of porridge was assembled. Unfortunately, it was travel-rations, so no honey and only a few dried dates. Takhatres ate with every sign of satisfaction—although that might be because he’d added Garuda rations to his; dried cicada. He offered it to Flos, but was clearly happy to eat the blander food since it was spiced with the King of Destruction’s glare.
“Do they ever really argue? I mean, really fight? I’ve never known Flos to uh, take being contradicted well.”
The [Lord] glanced at Teres, clearly reminded that she was one of the few people who used Flos’ name informally. She ducked her head, but Venith sighed.
“You, Takhatres, and few others would be those his Majesty suffers to—irk him—from time to time. The Lord of the Skies is a subordinate, but a proud one. He offered to join the King of Destruction; he never surrendered, even when he was beaten in those battles. Thus, there are times when he and his Majesty come to a head and neither one will relent.”
“And?”
