8.25 KH
Page 41
Well. At least one of them was found. Ceria bit her lip, trying to breathe in and out. She tried to form an [Ice Spike]…but it wasn’t any good.
She couldn’t call enough moisture out of the air to form the spell like normal. From the existing water? Sure! She eyed the javelin of ice she’d crafted out of a bucket of water.
Luaar stared wide-eyed at Ceria as she took stock of her magical abilities. The half-Elf cursed.
“Looks like I’m going to have to improvise with non-ice spells. Damn. Okay…at least I have my wand and gear. I can probably take on any Silver-rank threat, even alone. Even some Gold-rank threats. Hey, Luaar…”
She turned and he hurried forwards. The ice javelin reverted back to water, much to his disappointment. Ceria dipped a cup into it and sipped. The aura of ice wasn’t as pervasive around her; she could control it when she was awake.
“How can I help you, Adventurer Ceria?”
“It’s just Ceria. What kind of threats might I run into if I was heading to Illivere?”
She was already planning on going? Luaar gulped.
“Father hopes you can stay in case of [Bandits] and…”
“Yes, yes. I’ll see if I can do anything. I can’t stay, though, and I can’t summon…I hate not having water. But what about dangers on the roads? If I bought a horse—what’s the worst random monster I’d run into?”
Ceria sighed. She couldn’t try to summon an [Ice Elemental] for the same reasons her ice-spells weren’t working. Nerhs had only the water in their wells, and it was finite and dearly needed. When it rained, the wells were replenished, but that could be few and far between.
Once, Nerhs had had lots of water, apparently. It was close enough to the coast…but the weather had changed since Luaar’s father had taken his position. Now?
Ceria listened as Luaar described the worst of Chandrar’s most common predators. Manticores, giant sand worms, bandits of course, Sand Golems…
“Crelers?”
The boy shivered at the familiar name.
“They are everywhere, Adventurer Ceria. Some live in the sands, but they are always hunted down. When found.”
Ceria sighed.
“Wonderful. Well…if I need to bust Ksmvr out of prison or fight anything more dangerous than one of those stupid dogs, I’d better figure out a way to actually use my magic.”
She cursed. She still had her wand and other spells, but Ceria was sort of good at ice magic. What would Illphres do? She’d probably call this good training and kick Ceria into a desert to ‘practice’. Ceria smiled sadly at the thought.
Then she focused. The half-Elf stared down at her gear, laid out before her. She reached out and pushed Luaar back.
“Ah. No touching. No getting near it.”
She had…one trump card. An unpredictable trump card. The kind of card, that, if you were to extend the gambling metaphor, could either win you the game despite having the worst hand—or explode your entire body at the table.
It was rather like hiding a Tier 5 scroll under the table rather than an actual card. But which Tier 5 spell? Tree rot…Ceria stared down at the object. She wasn’t even sure it was Tier 5. It could be a lot higher.
The artifact glittered at her. Relic-class? Or just super-powerful? Cursed? Luaar’s eyes shone as he stared at the object Ceria had pulled out of her bag of holding when she’d finally woken up.
It was…a circlet made of something dark. Black bone. Obsidian? Ceria couldn’t tell. Nor did she touch it now.
“Is it your treasure, Adventurer Ceria? What does it do?”
She glanced up.
“I have no idea. Hey, shoo back over there. Actually—don’t even look at it. It could be dangerous.”
