8.25 KH
Page 20
“I heard peace was declared for a day. Djinni are not…we would be in the greatest of trouble! Emira Sulaake, are you considering this?”
Almon looked horrified at the prospect. Sulaake knew he was right, but she met his gaze.
“It would be great trouble, Almon. But if we succeed? What then?”
A tantalizing vision hovered in her gaze. Sulaake had been promised enough expensive cloth to change her entire body. Ceithsand, the Ambassador had called the new cloth. She’d be as strong as a Gold-rank adventurer and more beautiful still. And—with the glory, however won, of slaying the King of Destruction, perhaps Yisame’s inner circle would be open to her.
If they agreed. Three owners of Djinni sat, being lulled into it with wine and promises. Of course, Sulaake had already agreed. They were nervous. The King of Destruction was a legend! One of his vassals stood with him!
And yet—which mortal could easily stand against the spirits who had once battled Dragons? Drenir looked at Sulaake and she shivered, imagining it. She had never seen his full might; not in any of the displays he had done when she had first inherited him. That could only be seen in battle.
In the end, it was simple. Orders were given. The Djinni stirred, as amazed as they had been. Delighted, amused…Drenir’s expression looked just—resigned, to Sulaake’s disappointment. But it was done. The group hurried to celebrate prematurely. Their confidence was odd, given all they had seen, but they had some reason to be.
Not even the King of Destruction could stand against Djinni.
Not without his [Mage].
 
—-
 
Plots and schemes and royalty. That was nothing new, but war? The war was pressing on and time was limited.
Yet this recent development might throw everything astray. It had to be considered. Thought on. The Thronebearers sat in a private room in their inn—the Tailless Thief, not The Wandering Inn.
They had to think. Gravely, all four, Ser Dalimont, Ser Sest, Ser Lormel, and Dame Ushar sat, drinking water, not anything stronger. Their heads had to be clear.
The room was silent; the Drake [Innkeeper] had peeked in once, caught the vibe, and backed out. Ser Sest had his head in his hands. Ser Lormel was steepling his fingers, the tips just touching his nose. Ushar was biting her lip.
At last, someone had to break the silence. Ser Dalimont exhaled, and gave voice to the issue. The 6th Princess of Calanfer called a child, a Gnoll child, her own. She had been at the inn. She was now in Oteslia. But the child? He wavered, uncertain, looked around, and then spoke.
“Lyonette the Kind.”
The heads of the other Thronebearers rose. Ser Sest sat up. He frowned.
“Absolutely not. Far too simple.”
Dame Ushar pounded a fist on the table.
“I kept thinking the same thing, but we must elevate, Ser Dalimont.”
“Of course.”
He sat back, sighing. Dame Ushar drummed her fingers on the table, frowning mightily.
“Lyonette the Munificent? No—something that more eloquently flows from the tongue. A reversal of her character thus far. She was Lyonette the Fiery before—dead gods, was that really the best we could come up with?”
“One had to explain her address to the common folk somehow. Peons.”
Ser Lormel muttered. Dalimont winced. Thronebearers had to do their best with what they were given. Now, though…
A thoughtful silence descended on the table. After a moment, Lormel snapped his fingers.
“The Princess of the Hearth. Hearth and home. She would never let a child be alone.”
The others turned on him. Sir Sest’s jaw dropped and then he stood up to clasp the other Thronebearer on the shoulder.
