8.25 KH
Page 11
“So, let me understand this fully.”
A little while later, Emper, the [Monk] Stitch-man, Suxhel the Gazer, and Elgrinna the Dwarf [Warrior] were processing what had happened. Elgrinna tossed more soap at Lehra, who was washing her fur.
“You realized it was Cinaelu, a Stitchfolk holiday, and then you blacked out, decided to eat fourteen panini-things, three pies, and—”
“Don’t say it. I’m going to throw up again!”
Lehra covered her mouth. Her team backed up. Possibly only Lehra’s level and the possession had stopped her stomach from exploding, and it had still all come out. The Gnoll had already apologized—and paid for her carnage, but now they had a mystery on their hands.
“Why would the spirit react to that?”
The [Monk] was crossing his legs, thinking deeply.
“It’s reacted to some things before. Usually in Drake cities, remember? That’s why we’ve been touring. But a Stitchfolk holiday? Lehra, you are certain that the ghost is a Drake, aren’t you?”
Lehra spat and tossed more water on herself. The little raincloud Suxhel was conjuring obligingly poured harder.
“Almost certain! I don’t get it.”
“Perhaps the association is the holiday. A Drake would celebrate String Folk holidays just as a time to eat and have fun.”
Suxhel reasoned with impeccable logic. Emper nodded.
“But Drakes do not normally celebrate other species’ holidays, do they? I think this is a bigger clue.”
“Whaddya mean, Emper?”
Lehra turned, happy to ask the [Monk] who’d taken up her cause after fate had thrown them together. Emper nodded to himself.
“It must mean that whomever owned the Blade of Mershi before you, Lehra, knew many String Folk. Or at least, one. Perhaps that is what we should look into.”
The rest of Stargazer’s Promise murmured. Lehra’s eyes lit up. A clue! She pumped her fist—then covered her mouth again.
“I just wish the spirit didn’t eat so much!”
“I imagine it was the only food she had in millennia. Lehra, maybe we should write to a Stitchfolk nation or…Lehra? Don’t throw up again. Lehra—”
 
—-
 
“—And then they’ll find Mershi! I just know it! At the end of the season, they find Mershi, only, Dragial gets there first and maybe he gets access to a second Blade of Mershi. No, wait. That’s season one, probably. Or is this season three? Look, after that, there’ll be a point where Dragial seems to be winning, or they unearth something terrible in Mershi, and that’s when Lehra has to discover the true power of the artifact and connect with the spirit and—”
Krshia Silverfang stared at Rose, a bowl of Gnollish meatballs and dipping sauce forgotten in front of her. She had no idea what Rose was talking about.
“Wait. Hrr. I do not understand. This is…a story you know? But based on a childhood story you were told that isn’t this one, but is alike in every way?”
Chieftain Akrisa of the Silverfang Tribe was just as lost. So were all the Gnolls sitting in the tent. All those who knew the secret of Earth. They had expected much from Rose—but not this.
“No, not exactly. Okay, let me explain. In my world, there are television shows. Like the ones here—the ones Wistram News Network is based off of, but they tell fictional stories, right? Well, a lot of those stories are…real life over here! Because you have actual Dragons and whatnot. I’m not saying it’s one-for-one, but if I’m right, I can predict what Lehra’s going to do…”
