8.25 KH
Page 19
“That we win is not enough. It must be with grace and conviction, or not at all. After the disaster that was taking Tiqr…”
The representatives of Escrites nodded sourly. Nerrhavia’s Fallen didn’t look good, for all they were winning. Rather—the fact that they hadn’t pushed Flos back enough to take Reim was a sore spot. That they couldn’t simply…overpower Flos by sheer volume of armies was annoying, but there was his Army of the King and vassals. If Nerrhavia lost, say, five-armies combined in a single battle…
Sound caution did not make the non-[Generals] happy, however, and the Ambassador played to that.
“Today is Cinaelu, friends. We should be merry—but alas, I hear the King of Destruction is celebrating our day. Thumbing his nose at what our peoples fought for.”
He injected careful emphasis on ‘our’, and the mood turned sour even as more wine flowed.
“It should not stand. Which is why we’re here, of course.”
The head of the Escrites shot a quick glance around, getting to the point in his impatience—or maybe it was the drink. Sulaake sighed.
These were not her chosen companions for socialization, and she was doing the Ambassador a favor by even having them here at all. However…they did all own Djinni.
Almon swallowed his wine, oblivious.
“How so?”
“Why, the King of Destruction has done well against even Nerrhavia’s chariots. Countless Silk [Charioteers] and warriors have fallen, even some of our lesser [Generals]. Of course, Nerrhavia’s full might is not yet upon Reim. Yisame holds back her champions, though they might well triumph over Mars and the other vassals of course.”
“Of course.”
Even Nerrhavia’s own hesitated at the affirmation, but the Ambassador pressed on.
“Meanwhile, no [Assassin] has yet to trouble the King of Destruction, though a bevy were certainly sent. Gazi the Omniscient.”
Another pause. Each name was known across Nerrhavia. Famous names. The names of stories. Sulaake’s skin prickled, although not unpleasantly. Her heart was beating quicker, with excitement, as when Sheis had talked her into this.
“The King of Destruction is a legend.”
Merchant Almon offered cautiously, unsure if this was considered unpatriotic. Sheis nodded.
“And yet—he must fall. He sits in Reim now, feasting on Cinaelu. Perhaps, as they say, not even the best of mortal men can stand easily against him. The Minotaurs failed, though they did well. The King of Duels struck him twice through the chest, but a legend is hard to kill. So. Why not send enemies in kind against him?”
The group fell silent. The Escrites knew it was coming; Almon choked on his wine. Sulaake watched their faces, hiding her excitement by drumming her fingers unseen behind the shawl of her dress.
“Ambassador Sheis! You can’t be suggesting—is that why I’m here? Me and…?”
Almon looked around, putting it together at last. The Emir of the Escrites sat back, frowning.
“The palace did not ask, or you would not be approaching us, Ambassador. It will be the work of moments to piece together whom they belong to, even if disguised.”
“Why disguise?”
Sheis countered. He glanced at Sulaake.
“If the King of Destruction were to fall—all the glory would fall to you three. Consider that. And consider, his Majesty, the Emperor of Sands himself desires this. So greatly that he would reward anyone who were to aid him.”
“Has he not Djinni of his own?”
The question bounced off with a smile.
“It would have to be quick, and Djinni are noticeable, especially if they must cross a continent. Fast as they are. Today is Cinaelu.”
