8.25 KH
Page 43
The master of the caravan rode forwards and struck the [Slaver] hard.
“You idiot! Put it away! Don’t look at it, don’t stare at it!”
He snapped. The other man hastened to obey. Pisces stared up at his captor. He tried to speak, blearily.
“I’m a Gold-rank adventurer. You can’t enslave me.”
The [Slave Master] smiled. He even looked a tiny bit sympathetic as he waved a finger.
“Ah, perhaps if you and I met on your two feet, I’d agree, Master Pisces Jealnet. However, Roshal has rules. We found you half-dead, so the initiative was ours. As for law? We are well within our law! After all…you are Pisces Jealnet. Your bounty still remains from Terandria and Wistram both. A criminal is a criminal.”
Pisces looked up. He cursed the man. He cursed Wistram and home. The book! He would have lunged, but the chains held him down. And…he looked up.
Behind the [Slave Master], a figure looked down at him. Not as sympathetic. More uncaring. Bored. But watchful. The enslaved Djinni watched the caravan moving west, out of Nerrhavia now, towards Roshal. After all—if you had a prize like Pisces and the book, you’d sell it where it was worth most. Pisces stumbled forwards, tugged ahead.
A captive. He only hoped they’d find him before he reached his destination. Ceria, Ksmvr, Yvlon…
Find me.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: No Djinni battles. No bandit attack…well, not yet. I was going to write it in, but somehow we focused more on the Horns and that could be okay.
It has become the month of work! Side-work! Boring work! Oh well, I’m working hard on it. Book 4’s e-book needs to come out, and I need to fix up Book 5’s typos so we can get the audiobook done…
And that’s only some of the stuff on my plate! I wish it were food! I wish I could eat my problems!
Oh well, writing isn’t easy, but I do know how to do it, so the chapters will still come out! Even so, I may have to make them shorter…
For now it’s back to work! Let me know if you’d like more Chandrar! Maybe we should do more chapters in a row? Thanks for reading and vote on that poll! That might be the next chapter. Or not? We’ll find out next time!
 
Anazurhe the Goblin [Witch] by LightResonance, commissioned by pirateaba!


 

