8.25 KH
Page 3
Flos looked hurt. He turned as Maresar approached. She had a type of bratwurst and some big eggs made into omelettes; good camp food, and clearly from one of the poultry farms they’d passed by if that was breakfast for the entire army.
“Maresar, that breakfast smells delightful!”
“It’s quite good, your Majesty.”
Flos reached for the plate. Maresar stepped back, put her fork in the sausage, and took a huge bite.
Venith looked scandalized. Flos just gave Maresar a long look. The [Bandit Lord] ignored the muffled indignation from the [Camp Cook] behind her; he’d clearly thought the plate was meant for the King of Destruction.
Teres just grinned. Maresar served herself, as befitted a former criminal. Flos sighed.
“[Bandits]. I will have what she’s eating!”
Then he tried to snatch one of the sausages, but Maresar was too quick and jerked the plate away. Venith went to get Flos’ food, giving his wife a ‘what are you doing?’ look. She calmly looked at him and Teres didn’t get her reply, but she saw Venith sigh and shake his head.
“Cinaelu indeed. I nearly forgot it was upon us. If we’d attacked, I doubt we’d be able to visit the other army. Or that Yisame would agree to a truce.”
Teres had just accepted her plate of food, but she began to choke on her first bite.
“What? Visit the other army?”
“Just the [General] and officers. It’s polite.”
“Aren’t we going to kill them the next day?”
Flos gave Teres a blank look.
“Maybe. But so what? That would be tomorrow and this is today.”
Chandrarian traditions. Teres shook her head and Maresar did the same. Venith seemed to think it was completely normal.
“They don’t honor holidays or particular events on Earth, Lady Teres?”
He glanced at her. Teres bit her lip. Trey knew more, but she answered after a second.
“—I heard that armies took a break during the Great War during Christmas, but I don’t think we do it anymore. And that wasn’t all sides; it only happened that one time, I think.”
“Ah, I wish Trey could confirm that. The Great War…so that’s nearly a century from your modern time, is that right?”
Teres nodded; Flos had been taking lessons on Earth. He snapped his fingers.
“How disappointing. Well, I fully intend to honor the day by not killing anyone. Of course, we might be attacked, but I truly doubt it. Obviously we’ll take precautions—and there he is. Takhatres!”
He waved, and Teresa reflexively looked up—then remembered the Lord of the Skies couldn’t actually fly.
He could still jump pretty high, though. Half the sentries raised bows and someone nearly called an alarm as the Garuda leapt over a dune. He must have reached at least two hundred feet in the air; Teres gaped as Takhatres dropped towards them. Behind him came nearly two hundred flying shapes of every color, but mainly his bright blue and green feather coloration.
Garuda. One of the King’s Seven landed in front of Flos, kneeling, then rose in the same instant. Takhatres reached out and he clasped Flos’ shoulder as the king did the same.
“Flos. We’re taking a break?”
Takhatres was as informal in his way as Maresar; of all the King’s Seven that Teres had met, he used Flos’ name most informally, and stood on little ceremony. He was also direct.
“That’s right. Thank you for joining me. How is your tribe?”
“Nesting. We’ll take the day to rearm and relax. Venith. Maresar. Teres.”
Takhatres’ gaze flicked from person to person. Serious, quick as lightning when he wanted to be, and slightly scary. He’d left to fight the Empire of Sands for most of the time Teres had been in this world, but since his return she’d talked with him.
