8.25 KH
Page 32
The man hesitated before replying.
“Circumstances of national outrage, Adventurer Ksmvr. You did act in self-defense, but I cannot guarantee your safety given the ‘death’ of Hammera and Domehead among other Golems. It is also imperative that Illivere does not seem to aid a communal enemy of Chandrar.”
“As in, the Antinium threat which I represent?”
“Correct. There are rumors you are but a harbinger of many. Groundless, I take it?”
“Of course.”
The others’ heads swung back and forth between Femithain and Ksmvr. The two never looked away, and their replies only became quicker. Ksmvr barely paused before nodding.
“I understand the circumstances. However, I must warn you that I am a Gold-rank adventure and my rights are guaranteed by the Adventurer’s Guild. Moreover, as a Free Antinium of Liscor…”
He reached down. He’d been saving one of the foodstuffs on his plate. They’d given him all meat; perhaps thinking an insect as a carnivore from his mandibles.
A dried bone hovered in his hand and Ksmvr crunched it. The other Humans flinched. Femithain blinked as Ksmvr chewed it down, giving them all a good look at his incisors.
“…My patience is not unlimited. My Hive’s? Even less so. The Free Queen and her Revalantor, Klbkch the Slayer, can be—unpredictable.”
The Magus-Crafter nodded slowly.
“Understood, Adventurer Ksmvr. For now, we simply ask that you stay in this suite. Golems will not allow you to escape, but any amenity will be provided. Have you need of anything?”
“Hm. Maps would be acceptable. And a [Message] scroll? I would like to communicate my wellbeing to the Adventurer’s Guild and my fellow adventurers. And perhaps locate my friends?”
Femithain adjusted his glasses.
“All these things are underway. I shall have maps prepared and a [Message] scroll sent directly.”
“I see. Thank you.”
 
—-
 
That was the first encounter. Ksmvr thought he hadn’t established sufficient intimidation. Femithain had been helpfully precise, however.
To up the intimidation-factor, when the [Servant] came to deliver the scroll, they found Ksmvr, standing an inch in front of the door as it swung open.
They screamed. Ksmvr collected the scroll and maps after they’d run away shrieking. He spoke to himself as he unrolled them, corroborating his location with his internal knowledge and scribing a [Message] to Halrac, then Lyonette.
“Hm. Intimidation. How would Comrade Pisces or Captain Ceria do it?”
Pisces would no doubt cast a handy illusion, but lacking that, Ksmvr had to improvise. Maybe he should hit himself on the head until he bled green. Provoke suspicions of insanity—or was that too much? He wanted Femithain to take him seriously, after all.
Ksmvr paced around the rooms. They were quite nice; a guest room for Femithain’s guests, not actually a cell. He had to convince the Magus-Crafter that keeping Ksmvr prisoner—or attempting to punish or hold him—was deadly. He tried to come up with Ceria-isms, or Erin-isms. Erin had a way of getting what she wanted. What would either say?
“Don’t mess with me. I’m crazy. I’ve eaten more [Bandits] than peas on this plate. I could kill you all with a fork. You shouldn’t have given it to me. Now I’m armed. Ice magic. I eat bugs.”
Ksmvr paused, staring at his lamentably-whole hand. Not the bone one Ceria scared kids with. She had demonstrated intimidation one time very well on children by concealing it. Perhaps his missing stump? Ksmvr waggled it and sighed.
