8.25 KH
Page 5
Teres looked at Venith. It was Maresar who grinned and whispered.
“It becomes anything from a year-long grudge to a fight. The last time it happened was when they joined a banquet and Takhatres took the seat his Majesty had been offered because he got there two hours ahead. They nearly came to blows—until the King of Destruction demanded a second table be set up outside and the entire banquet moved around him. Takhatres refused to move, you see. He ended up eating alone in the banquet hall.”
It was so petty that Teres laughed. She looked at Takhatres admiringly. The Lord of the Skies returned her glance.
“So, are we going to greet the other army or are we sitting about?”
He leapt to his feet, already done eating.
“I will rise in my own time, Takhatres.”
Flos ate deliberately slowly to spite the Garuda. By the time he rose for his horse, Takhatres had already checked on his people, summoned an escort, and paced around their campfire twice before stopping to ask about Trey.
“No word. Not from him, Gazi or Calac. We must simply assume they are working hard.”
“Hm. They need to hurry up too. This stalemate is wasting time we need to be expanding in. But if the King of Slow Destruction doesn’t think we’re having a problem—”
“Gah! I’m sorry about the eggs! Dead gods and sands of Chandrar, you don’t but hold a grudge!”
Flos exploded. He seized his bowl, and stomped towards his horse. Teres looked at Takhatres, mouth open. She could make Flos that angry, but Takhatres had beaten her record. To her amazement and delight—she saw him wink at her.
 
—-
 
Flos calmed down by the time they were riding to parlay with the other army, and Takhatres had relented enough for the two to be gossiping.
“Yes, it was all Trey. He somehow set in motion Fetohep—I’d wager a Grand Elephant’s worth of gold on it.”
“Not the Arbiter Queen? I need to speak with him again.”
Flos waved a hand in largesse, acknowledging her contribution. The holiday had clearly raised his spirits, and Teres felt it herself. A break was just what they needed.
“I’ll grant you Queen Jecaina might have been part of it. However, what drew Fetohep out of his shell was the power of selfies.”
“…Of what? Are you making up words again?”
“Not at all! It’s the device Teres and Trey got working. You left before they figured it out—Teres, show Takhatres your iPhone! Take a picture; in fact, take one of his tribe! Takhatres, they’re memories. Mage-photos, as many as you want!”
Flos turned, beaming. Then a cunning look appeared in his eyes.
“Yes. Show him all your apps. Like the…Flappy Bird one.”
Venith, Maresar, and Teres all looked apprehensive. The memory of the last time Flos had played a game on her iPhone was fresh in Teres’ mind, but Takhatres was interested.
“Please be careful. It’s not meant for claws…”
Teres hesitated before handing it over. Takhatres inspected the iPhone from every angle, blinking.
“Little dots make up a picture? It’s not magical. And—oh!”
He blinked and flipped out of the saddle of his horse. Teres’ jaw dropped. She looked at her iPhone. He’d actually dodged the flash! She had a image of two blurry talons; his feet.
“What was that?”
Takhatres zoomed over to her, angry. Flos laughed so hard he nearly fell out of the saddle. Teres raised the iPhone.
“A picture! I’m sorry! Look, it’s just taking an image of you.”
“Does it steal your soul? Why the light?”
Takhatres was clearly suspicious, but he let her photograph him; it was still blurry because he kept fidgeting. He stared at the photo.
“Clean. Detailed. I can take as many as I want?”
“Yes. I could lend it to you.”
