8.25 KH
Page 2
“Yes. Do that. And have Grand Magus Esiela tell Takhatres to meet me here. He needn’t move his tribe if they’re placed somewhere important. Second—a [Message] to Queen Yisame.”
Teresa looked up as Venith paused, with his own Scroll of Messages drawn. Esiela would have to contact Takhatres separately; Flos didn’t trust to [Messages] with actual orders, as they could be intercepted or faked.
“What will the contents be?”
“Ask her for a ceasefire for today. I’m sure she’ll agree.”
“Of course.”
Venith began writing, delicately dipping the quill into an inkpot he held in his free hand. Teres looked from Flos to Venith.
“What? What’s today?”
The King of Destruction grunted as he took off his helmet. He shook out his head, sighing in the cool night air as, behind him, his tired [Soldiers] made quick camp and slept, realizing they weren’t fighting and passing out then and there.
“A holiday. Good timing too. I could use a day off. Get some sleep, Teres.”
 
—-
 
She slept so fast she woke up in her bedroll with the sun in her eyes, not even remembering anything after Flos’ words. Teres still got up with the morning, as a [Soldier] did. She stumbled to a latrine, washed her hands with sand and the powder the [Alchemists] made to save on water, and found Flos Reimarch doing the same.
He had a tent of course, and some amenities she didn’t, but the baggage train didn’t contain many servants. Or much of a train; bags of holding let his army move fast.
“Ah, Teres. You could have slept in longer! Although if you’re about, I wouldn’t mind the company.”
The King of Destruction grinned at Teres. She just blinked at him. The [Bladeswoman] and the [King] both looked better for some sleep and Teres realized how tired she’d been. Able to fight—but exhausted.
“It’s a holiday today?”
She repeated stupidly. Flos stroked his beard.
“I need to shave. Teres, do you have an unenchanted belt knife? Nothing I carry isn’t magicked, and I’d be the greatest fool in Chandrar if I cut my head off while trimming my beard.”
Teres fumbled for her side and offered a dagger. Flos sighed in gratitude and, with a small inactive scrying mirror, began to trim his beard. Teres looked around as she tapped her foot, waiting for his reply. He sometimes did that—bounced to another idea and you had to wait for him to return to your question.
The entire camp was acting like Flos. Doing menial things you just put off if you were busy with impending life-or-death scenarios. Teresa saw Maresar sitting around a camp fire, pointedly right next to a harried [Warcamp Cook] who was making her breakfast. She was reading a book, legs crossed, hair unbraided.
“What’s the holiday? What are we celebrating, the death of Dragons? Something you made up? The rain?”
Teres pressed again. Flos blinked.
“Oh…none of those things. Nerrhavia wouldn’t deign to acknowledge one of my holidays, anyways. Did I ever declare a holiday…?”
“You did once. Skipping Stones week. We spent an entire week with the kingdom on holiday so you could try to beat Gazi in skipping stones by the coast.”
Venith approached with a pained look on his face at the memory. Flos smiled.
“I did do that, didn’t I? I never beat her. Gazi and her insane forty-eight skips…”
He grumbled into his beard as flecks fell away. Teres sighed.
“Venith, what’s the holiday?”
He replied instantly, which showed that Teres should have asked him anyways.
“Cinaelu. It’s the greatest holiday for String Folk.”
“Thank you. Dead gods, does everyone forget I’m not native here?”
“I was getting to it!”
