8.25 KH
Page 10
She couldn’t run around like Ryoka and Erin…well. Rose’s only fantasy up till they heard of Inkar had been taking Fierre aside and asking the exact benefits and disadvantages of Vampirism. Rose liked sunlight, but if you were going to be stuck in a fantasy world…she had still realized that crossbow bolts in the chest would probably kill her, Vampire or not.
This though, this was magic. A gentler story, at least in Rose’s mind. She beamed at Lehra. The Gnoll was just scratching her butt, having decided that some kind of bug was crawling around her fur when it happened.
“Cinaelu.”
Lehra sat up. Rose was following Inkar, trying to play it cool. Lehra looked around.
“What? Cinaelu? Who said that?”
Inkar and Rose stopped as she got to her feet. Inkar hesitated.
“I didn’t say that. Honored Lehra, this is my friend from Liscor. Rose—”
“It’s so nice to meet you, Honored—”
Rose didn’t get a chance to practice her Gnoll-greetings. Lehra looked around.
“Today is Cinaelu day.”
The voice sounded like it was right in her ears. Lehra rubbed at one.
“Cinaelu day? Hey…what’s Cinaelu day?”
She looked at Rose and Inkar. The two didn’t know, but Rose had made an ‘O’ expression with her mouth and was gesturing to Lehra. Inkar backed up. If Rose hadn’t explained that Lehra was probably wearing a magical artifact of destiny, she’d have thought Lehra was just slightly insane.
Well, she still thought that. Lehra frowned.
“Cinaelu. Isn’t that what Emper is celebrating? Something about String Folk winning their freedom? Who’s…?”
Then she realized it. She stared down at the Blade of Mershi. The gem was glowing slightly. Lehra’s eyes widened.
“It’s you.”
The spirit within the Blade of Mershi whispered. Lehra couldn’t make out a form, but she thought she had the first time. The last owner—Lehra thought she felt the voice grow clearer as she mentioned the holiday.
“Cinaelu. It’s Cinaelu day. It’s a holiday. It’s a holiday. I should…”
Rose and Inkar gasped as Lehra’s eyes rolled up in her head. She jerked as the Blade of Mershi glowed. Then—the Armor of Stars covered her body. Lehra lowered her head and looked around. Rose, Inkar, the Gnolls who stopped to turn saw the Star Gnoll begin to walk away.
But something was—off. Lehra was mumbling in a different voice, even walking different.
“Cinaelu. It’s Cinaelu day. I should…”
 
—-
 
“…celebrate.”
The last connection with the spirit faded. Lehra felt the wistfulness, the recollection of better times, the innocent holiday, fade. For a second, she felt the other owner’s presence. Lehra tried to call out.
“Who are you? Why did you choose me? Where is the City…?”
Then she opened her eyes and felt pain. Lehra groaned. She looked up.
“It hurts! It hurts! What happened?”
She was lying on her back. Her team was gathered around her. So were Inkar, that other Human, and a bunch of Gnolls. A lot of them looked aghast, or disgusted, or…amused?
Suxhel, the Gazer [Wizard] bent over Lehra with a vexed look on her face. Her eyes focused on Lehra, all of them, and her pointed hat nearly fell off her head. She replied, somewhat annoyed.
“What do you mean ‘what happened’? You walked into the festivities, and ate everything in three food stalls. I saw you stuff yourself at dinner too. What has gotten into you?”
It was only then that Lehra realized she was lying under a small coating of half-eaten pastries, pie tins, and other delectables. She groaned—then her cheeks bulged. Rose knew what was coming and ran with Inkar.
“Oh, gross!”
The television always cut before they actually threw up. That was gross.
And awesome.
 
—-
 
