8.25 KH
Page 15
The Djinni skimmed across the ground, a scythe in his hands. He swept across the field of wheat, harvesting it faster than any [Farmer]. Air whipped the fallen stalks and seeds together in a furious ball of matter in the air. Dead stalks fell to earth, as the threshed and winnowed harvest flew after the Djinni, to be deposited in baskets filled just so with fat, huge grains.
Not a single bug allowed in each. The plants had been watered, the ground sewn, all by his hand. He harvested the field and was letting it lie fallow a while in a fraction of the time even a machine from another world might have done it. The wind bent for this menial task, and he levitated objects without even looking or pointing at them.
Only the highest-leveled [Farmers] could have matched him, and they had to rest. He was not but done with this field when he moved through the air to his next task, never stopping. A cloud like a low-flying thunderstorm streaking across the field.
Other, lesser species, [Slaves], workers, and their masters all stared up at him. Some warily. After all, he could take almost any form. He could do almost anything.
Yet the bindings on him were extensive. This mortal master had hired someone to speak for eighteen hours straight, using spells and potions to ensure they were awake and no word was misspoken. Even so, the requirements overlapped in their protections. So careful.
A Djinni in a bottle. That was what he was. If you found such an artifact, rejoice. Celebrate! But never unleash the Djinni before binding it carefully. After all—you didn’t get one wish. You got as many as you could dream of, as many as they could fulfill.
If you made sure there was no chance at all they would find a way to twist your words and hurt you. Because if they did…you died.
He had long since given up searching for ways out. He had managed to slay scores of masters. Nearly a hundred over his imprisonment, yet he had never managed to break the artifact that bound him. Each time, they worked a little harder, added another careful rule.
In the past, it was simple. ‘Obey my wishes’. ‘Do not harm me’. ‘Do not lie, or twist the truth.’
He’d played merry hell with them, back then. After all—if someone commanded him not to speak unless spoken to, he’d happily give the enemy [Soldiers] all the time to sneak up on them from behind.
‘Safeguard me from all harm’. A fine thought! Only, in what span of time was that harm to be safeguarded in? He had carefully rescued an [Assassin], nursed him back to health, and armed them with the greatest artifacts. Then, when the [Assassin] had raised their blade to his master at that time, the Djinni had done his best. A shame he’d been five miles away.
The good old days. No…the old days. He had still been enslaved. The Djinni thought of that, and the masters he had killed on Cinaelu. String Folk had owned him for almost all of his existence. Generations of them. Some saw the irony. Many did not, and forbade him pointing it out.
Well, these days he could speak if necessary, but only under a number of circumstances. So he talked to himself. Or remembered in silence.
Next came more actual craft. He enjoyed that, and prepared the mortar and brickwork. There was a delight in being good at what you did, and the bricks he made were perfectly symmetrical, hard. He only had to maintain the roads every few years, and only in places. They were one of the reasons trade was so good in this part of Nerrhavia; one did not have to fight through mud or sand.
