8.25 KH
Page 26
She was nodding. Perhaps she’d read the guidebook too.
“Of course. I owe your village so much, Novethur. I need to find my friends, though.”
“The ones separated? Miss Ceria, is anything following you? Am I putting my village in danger by hosting you? We can arrange a safe place, but I must know.”
For a moment her features froze, and Novethur worried, but Ceria just shook her head carefully.
“I don’t think so. We teleported a long ways away. Just…”
She hesitated.
“I could have sworn someone called me ‘murderer’. But maybe it’s what I’m…well. No, I think not.”
That wasn’t what he wanted to hear, but at least she was being honest. Nove helped Ceria sit up and the half-Elf gestured.
“I need—to tell my friend where I am, but your son keeps telling me we’re not in a ‘nation’.”
“We pay no taxes and we were abandoned. However, I do know where we are. I can fetch a map.”
“Thank you.”
Ceria smiled, relieved to be speaking to an adult rather than a boy who kept asking inane questions like if she’d apprentice him. She knew they weren’t in Khelt. They’d hit something in the air, but she gasped when Nove showed her how far south they were.
“I nearly hit the sea! Damn it! Is that Nerrhavia?”
He nodded. Ceria groaned. They’d bounced—or she had—all the way south! She bit her lip, hard.
“I have to find Pisces. But he’s not responding and he’s out of range. I’ll have to scry…Montressa left a [Message] saying she can’t spot him, but she knows where Ksmvr is. Where’s…sorry, where’s ‘Illivere’? The Illivere Federation? Makes Golems?”
“Right here.”
Nove pointed and Ceria brightened up. That was close! Well, not within walking distance, but give her a horse…she relaxed.
“Thank you so much. Here, Headman Nove. I want you to have…”
The [Village Head] had been expecting this. Or rather, hoping. Ceria counted out fat, gold coins into her lap, as many as she thought she could spare. And she had over two hundred in her bag of holding! The rest was at the Merchant’s Guild.
A small fortune glittered in her lap. She tried to push them into an empty bucket and offer it to him. Her arms shook with the effort.
“Please. I have to keep some, but—”
Novethur stared at more money than his village might earn in a year. He bit off the instinctual desire to protest and just nodded, taking the bucket with shaking hands. Gold was like water for adventurers. That was what the book said. Don’t argue, don’t bargain—take the money if it was good.
Oh, and don’t tell anyone you’d been paid. Ceria Springwalker smiled at Novethar, and the competent [Village Head] smiled at the decent adventurer.
She tried to remember what was next in Krsysl’s book. Not Adventurers and You, but his companion book.
Adventuring for Beginners: a thousand tricks and tips, including how to speak to quest-givers and royalty. By Krsysl Wordsmith.
That damned Drake might have had a lot of stupid ideas, but at least if both sides read the book, they were on the same page.
 
—-
 
The Djinni would not reach Reim overnight. Nerrhavia was vast and fast as at least one of them could travel, timing also mattered.
Timing. Somewhere, her friends might be dying. Ceria slept, but she did not rest easy. Her exhaustion from keeping the Frostmarrow Behemoth intact after battling over twenty giants was one thing. Her desire to find her friends…of all of them, she might have taxed herself hardest. Muscle could knit in seconds with a healing potion, but the half-Elf had drawn deep.
She had to find them. Ceria tossed and turned and mustered her strength, for she knew, without a doubt in her heart that if they were able—
