8.25 KH
Page 36
That was how it went. An uphill battle until you won. Yvlon glowered about. She saw the [Gladiators] grin at her—then someone detached themselves from the mob. The others drew back and she saw a huge, gleaming figure.
When the writers or ill-informed poets wrote about ‘glistening muscle’ and ‘paragonic bodies’, they were generally exaggerating. Most people who glistened were sweaty, and some notions of the ideal physical form looked like exaggerated blocks of muscle to Yvlon—well, Grimalkin was an example of that.
Nevertheless, the champion of the Arena of Rust looked like that. His body was silk—or some kind of equivalent. Tough and lustrous, such that he looked like a [Lady] who applied the finest tonics to her skin as well as a mini-Grimalkin.
“So this is the One-Armed Slaughterer, the woman who went on a rampage in a city. Arms of silver! Eyes like a rabid Manticore! Fair of skin and beautiful enough for a Human—hah! I see it’s almost true, although the sunburn takes away from it all.”
He boomed as the new prisoners and even the guards fell silent. Yvlon stared up at the champion, who was six and a half feet tall, a giant of a man.
“That’s the Champion of Rust!”
Rexel immediately hid behind Yvlon, squeaking. She stared up at the Stitch-Man in awe.
“He’s won over two hundred bouts! Sixteen years in the arenas total! Five as champion here!”
“What’s your name? What do you want with me?”
Yvlon lowered her practice blade, staring grimly up at the Stitch-man. He smiled, showing perfect teeth.
“Merely to make the acquaintance of a promising [Gladiator]. You look like one who might last more than your first ten matches—I have an eye for such things. Come; you needn’t practice with the fodder. Why don’t we sit, talk? One can live well in the Arena of Rust—if you have the right friends.”
He held out a huge hand. Yvlon stared at him. She lowered her longsword—and then stuck it in the ground and crossed her one arm over her chest. It didn’t really work since you couldn’t cross your arms if you only had one.
“No thank you. I’m not a [Gladiator]. I’m an adventurer. Wrongfully imprisoned. I don’t care to make a deal with bullies who prey on the weak.”
A gasp ran around the arena. The Champion of Rust’s eyes narrowed slightly.
“Humans are as rude as any species I’ve met. Come now, Silverarm. I came here in friendship. You would not like me as an enemy.”
His smile was warning, now. Yvlon looked at him. Rexel, Leprel, were all trying to signal her to say yes! Don’t be a fool!
Unfortunately, they didn’t know Yvlon Byres. If her team was here, they might have calmed her down. Yvlon Byres right now?
She was alone, hot, half-nude, and ill. She stared at the Champion of Rust.
“I have enemies I’d rather not face. You’re not even on that list. I don’t want to have to kill you all—leave me alone or we’ll see who ends up dead. That goes for all of you!”
She looked around. The Champion of Rust sighed. He shook his head as he turned and walked away.
“Foolish woman.”
That was echoed by the others as Rexel, Leprel and a few prisoners dared to come over to the madwoman. Yvlon just picked up her longsword and kept practicing.
“You—you just made an enemy of the Champion of Rust! You could have worked with him, risen safely!”
Leprel was pulling at her hair, although it occurred to her that if Yvlon had taken the Champion’s hand, she and Rexel would have been left behind. Yvlon Byres just snorted.
“A man like that doesn’t have equals. If he thought I was more than an asset, I’d end up poisoned or dead. I’m not stupid.”
