8.25 KH
Page 40
Did they want to let Ksmvr walk off? Absolutely not! Izril was one thing, but let the only known agent of the Antinium wander about, scouting out their lands and forces and seeing who looked the most edible? No thank you! Why didn’t they just cover themselves with gullible sauce while they were at it?
“A number of [Sages] and other representatives of many local nations would like to speak with you, Ksmvr. As a representative of the Antinium. I would offer you the run of the city, albeit with escort at all times. Many would like to speak with you, but a number of individuals, from Roshal to one of the Shield Kingdoms, have put a bounty on your head.”
Ksmvr had not believed Nsiia when she told him that would happen. He tilted his head.
“Most rude. However, I would still take my chances to find my team, bounty or not. I cannot simply leave? If you return my gear, I will not make this your responsibility.”
Femithain sighed.
“Your gear will be returned, Adventurer Ksmvr. All of it, naturally. However, for the good of Illivere, I must ask you stay. You see—the Hives of the Antinium have contacted me. The…Grand Queen of the Antinium and Free Queen both sent me [Messages].”
His skin chilled a bit. That alone had been astounding, and all six Walled Cities and a number of Drakes had contacted him at once, asking to see the contents of the [Messages], talk strategy. Femithain went on.
“The contents of both…warnings…were simple. If you should perish, the Hives of the Antinium will turn their wrath on Illivere.”
Ksmvr stared at Femithain, lost for words for once. The Magus-Crafter saw the Antinium [Skirmisher] open and close his mandibles.
“I claimed that the Hives would go to war for me, but I must tell you, Magus-Crafter, that I exaggerated the truth. I do not believe—did not believe—I was of any worth to my Hive. Or the Antinium.”
His voice trembled a bit. Femithain smiled slightly, if tiredly.
“It would appear you did not lie after all, Adventurer Ksmvr. I regret, then, that for Illivere’s safety, you should not go about unprotected. The Queens did not specify conditions for their wrath; moreover, the Walled Cities have their own…demands. Illivere itself can search better than one lone adventurer in any case. Will you accept a temporary stay?”
He was worried Ksmvr would refuse. However, the Antinium only hesitated a second before nodding.
“I am unhappy, Magus-Crafter, but I would prefer to remain amenable and work in cooperation with you.”
“Thank you, Adventurer Ksmvr.”
“You may call me Ksmvr, Magus-Crafter.”
The Antinium saw the man smile. It was just like Nsiia had said. Ksmvr became a guest of Illivere. It was not ideal, but he had to find his friends and Femithain would help with that.
Meanwhile, while he waited, Ksmvr talked with Nsiia. He learned how to scratch dogs on the stomach.
He quite liked animals. Also, Nsiia had an interesting proposal. Ksmvr listened.
 
[Animal Friend Class Obtained!]
[Animal Friend Level 2!]
[Skill – Comforting Petting obtained!]
 
Was it a combat-viable class? Absolutely not. However, Ksmvr hadn’t the heart to refuse it. He calculated that if he maintained a 6:1 ratio of combat-levels to non-combat levels, he could keep the class with no one objecting strenuously.
Sometimes, you had to have a class just for you.
 
—-
 
Ceria Springwalker sat in Nerhs, slowly bouncing [Message] spells back and forth with Montressa. It took a lot of effort and she needed to conserve her magic. A [Message] spell at this range was taxing, but now she knew.
Ksmvr, located. Yvlon? Unknown, unscriable. Pisces, likewise.
