8.25 KH
Page 16
He dug up damaged parts of the road, inserting the bricks, making sure the mortar was set and dried before he moved on with the right application of air and heat. Ah, but now he remembered once when they hadn’t been as careful in making sure he bore no ill-intent, even in bricks. He’d sown Creler eggs into each one.
Travellers might point up if they saw him, speeding with his tools from spot to spot. They might be nervous, but he offered them no danger. Indeed, if a [Bandit] or monster appeared, he would have slaughtered them.
A little family pointed up as he flew overhead, doing that very thing. He heard their voices.
“Look! There’s the Djinni of Aeresuth!”
Aeresuth, the city that flourished and was so fat with wealth, even among Nerrhavia’s Fallen. There were any number of reasons, of course; good planning in the wells that had enough water to grow and live with. A certain placement that intersected nicely with trade, geography, the local produce and so on.
But also him. Other cities did not have roads so perfectly kept. Other cities could not spare more hands for artisans, since they had guaranteed food, protection, and so forth.
Of course, that meant he took such menial jobs from other people, and his masters, the rulers of this city, did not offer his powers for nothing. Yet the result was that Aeresuth was rich. For some.
That was how it always was. Except…the Djinni wistfully abandoned his tools and flew higher. He changed, and felt his vast magic deplete slightly. His body…transformed.
High overhead, it began to rain. In dry Chandrar, it rained, a shower over the fields that needed it, over the gardens; a decadence in the city. Directed water, such that not a drop hit someone in the street who stared up and saw the curious, funneled showers.
Always the same, except when it wasn’t. The rich and powerful commanded those below. Except sometimes…
The call came for him as he was speeding down, carelessly fast like a bolt of lightning—although he seemed more like half-Roc, half man. To sweep dust and grit from the streets of the inner city.
The Djinni turned, flickered—and appeared in the spell-circle prepared for him. It was just a thought; he knew the spot intimately.
It still impressed the guests. They oohed, and the Djinni bowed.
“You called for me, Master?”
The scion of Aeresuth clapped her hands, smiling. Emira Sulaake turned to her guests.
“My Djinni, the powerful Drenir, has arrived. Shall we retire? Drenir—refreshments, and ward this place that none might listen in.”
He nodded, silently, and began to cast the necessary magics. So that was why she’d called him. Not just to impress.
Casting magic without Skills was harder for him than [Mages], but he could still spare attention enough to inspect her guests. What he found was…interesting. Drenir—an abbreviation of his true name—was neither blind nor stupid. Sometimes Sulaake or her family even consulted with him for his insights, although understandably warily.
What he saw were two groups of Stitchfolk guests—no, three parties. One was by himself, an [Emir] or other dignitary from clothing and bearing. The other two groups of guests were distinct. Both were clearly rich, but you could see that they were different. One seemed smaller, least-wealthy, and the other was represented by three, chief of whom was a rich man who wore the Merchant’s Guild’s emblem.
Emira Sulaake was most powerful of all here, clearly. Yet the Djinni didn’t bother with families or faces. All he cared about were his kin.
“Brother and sister.”
