8.25 KH
Page 6
“I’d like to take pictures of the nestlings. We wouldn’t be able to pay for mage-photos and illustrations are a waste…”
Takhatres looked wistful. Teres blinked, them beamed.
“Oh, that’s a splendid idea. They’re quite cute! Are there many in your tribe right now?”
“A group just hatched. From eggs.”
Flos scowled, but Takhatres was deeply impressed by the iPhone. He listened to her abbreviated spiel about how it worked. Teres had told all of Flos’ trusted people.
It was always interesting hearing what they took away from it. Teres laid out all the iPhone’s functions, but each one of his vassals had latched onto a different function.
For instance, Mars had made Teres take a number of videos and pictures of her ‘best looks’, and that was multiple illusions…and angles…Teres had felt like a modeling photographer by the end of it and covertly deleted most of it. Especially when Trey had asked for copies. Then—over two dozen other [Soldiers] in Reim. The worst part was that Mars had offered to pose without clothing. Teres had dark suspicions on whether Trey had ever taken her up on the offer.
Anyways, that was Mars. Orthenon and Maresar had been most fascinated by the option the iPhone didn’t have working; communication.
“A free [Communication] spell, even visuals would be great if I had a dozen of them and was still raiding.”
Maresar sighed longingly. Venith gave her a disapproving look—he’d actually really liked the calculator. The fact that it could do logarithmic math was not lost on the [Lord] and he’d tried to get Teres to reverse-engineer the mathematical formulas…which she couldn’t do.
Takhatres liked the camera. He just breezed past the phone functionality.
“There aren’t as many communication problems with my tribe. We can fly fast enough. But what’s this…Flappy Bird? Is this another one of his pranks?”
“It’s a game. You see…”
Teres had a terrible feeling about what was going to happen. She remembered Gazi effortlessly beating the game—and Flos failing and raging. She expected Takhatres to ‘win’ the entire thing, actually, given his insane hand-speed.
However…Flos Reimarch just smirked as Takhatres tapped, awkwardly pressing his claws together since the iPhone’s touchscreen didn’t like his claws. Takhatres tapped, watched the little bird fly—and die.
“What? This screen isn’t meant for me. This game is…wait. Let me try again. This is—this is ridiculous!”
He died eight times within seconds. Teres stared at him and realized the bird kept jumping at the wrong time. Takhatres made it ‘jump’ at the last second, and grew increasingly frustrated.
“This thing doesn’t move at all! It’s as slow as an albatross!”
“My record is eighty three. But I suppose we cannot all do well at all games.”
Flos remarked innocently. Takhatres’ head slowly rose. Teres tried to snatch the iPhone back, but it was too late.
 
—-
 
The problem wasn’t Takhatres’ dexterity or his eyes, but his speed. It was that he was too fast. He had to adjust to the game which was, frankly, calibrated to Human reflexes. Interestingly, even when he adjusted, he was only Flos-level. The Garuda got impatient playing the repetitive game, and Teres suspected having to perfectly time his presses meant he was just…staring at the slow-moving screen for way too long.
“This is a stupid device!”
After his twenty sixth death and failing to reach even a score of thirty, Takhatres snapped. Flos was laughing his butt off, but the Garuda raised the iPhone and threw it as far as he could.
“No! My phone!”
