8.25 KH
Page 37
The [Bandit] bit her tongue on the obvious reply. Yvlon went on, glancing up. The Champion was jesting with some of the other veterans, who were wary, but still equals, even if he was first among them. After all—a Champion could be defeated.
“That Champion. He’s…over Level 30, isn’t he? Maybe Level 40?”
Rexel looked at Yvlon. The [Armsmistress] was feeling at the stump of her other arm. The [Thief] nodded.
“An Arena Champion is usually that good. Some have even been known to be over Level 50! Rarely, though; not in our lifetime. They say Mars the Illusionist won her freedom when she was only Level 40 or so at the time.”
“Huh.”
Yvlon nodded to herself. The Champion of Rust glanced back and Yvlon Byres decided against making a rude gesture. She wasn’t Ceria. Nor was she Pisces, who would probably be reclining and eating grapes right about now if he was in her place.
She knew her enemy, and Yvlon Byres liked facing them head on. She went back to practicing, grimly trying to adjust to the sword. The other [Gladiators] watched, now sure that the first match of ‘Silverarm’ was going to be something indeed.
 
—-
 
Ksmvr received a visitor shortly after he crawled out of bed. He still felt embarrassed, but then he heard a meow.
The cat again? He glanced up, and then heard merry laughter.
Yinah had come into the room where Ksmvr was a ‘guest’ through some enchanted air vents, just large enough for a cat to crawl through. They provided cool air in Chandrar’s heat.
Ksmvr stared at the opening, but that wasn’t where the sound was coming from. He glanced out and saw someone on the balcony.
Nsiia, the Empress of Beasts, had leapt from her balcony, off a wall, and landed on his like the very cat clinging to her shoulders. She grinned, crouching, as Yinah waved a tail at Ksmvr.
The [Skirmisher] stared, recalling Nsiia distinctly. Why was she here? She waved—pointed at the door.
“Does it open?”
Her voice was muffled. Ksmvr shook his head.
He was sealed in, and someone had enchanted the sliding door. Nsiia shrugged. She walked over and then appeared by a window.
Normally, you could latch and unlatch it, but Femithain had clearly sealed it shut with more magic. Nsiia tried it, grunted, and then punched the window.
The enchanted glass and frame popped out of the wall. The Empress of Beasts swung herself through the gap. Yinah landed on the bed, and Ksmvr stared at Nsiia.
“I believe vandalism is frowned upon in every nation in the world. Am I being attacked?”
The Empress of Beasts eyed Ksmvr, and then laughed. She straightened, hopped off the bed, and faced him.
“Not by me! Greetings, Adventurer Ksmvr of the Free Antinium. I am Nsiia of Tiqr. Formerly the Empress of Beasts, now prisoner, like you. I greet you and offer you the bounty of the oasis—or I would, if I had any left to me.”
She made a curious gesture with one hand, two fingers and a thumb splayed out as she touched her shoulder and bowed slightly. Ksmvr hesitated, and copied the gesture.
“I greet you, Empress of Beasts. I also possess no oasis, but I would offer you the bounty of my personal tree. If we were close to it. I also thank you for saving my life.”
Nsiia eyed Ksmvr and then burst out laughing.
“An Antinium owns a tree?”
“Two trees, in the lands of House Byres.”
Ksmvr had been given them by Yvlon and it had been ratified by Lord Byres, after all. Nsiia threw her head back and laughed.
