8.25 KH
Page 25
Many settlements and individuals have made this mistake. While it may be tempting to earn a fortune off their artifacts, theft is still theft and selling a Gold-ranked object is harder than you might think! Moreover, the adventurer’s enemies or allies often enact vengeance even if the individual is deceased. Kidnapping is also rarely profitable for that reason.
With the random-appearing adventurer, you have to first make a risk-reward assessment. Ask yourself the ‘adventurer’s question checklists’, entries #1-14. 
Will this adventurer be dangerous when they wake up? Are they infected? More importantly, are they being followed? Are they putting you or your loved ones in danger?
If the answers are ‘no’, and they seem to be on the neutral to good scale of alignments, it is often profitable to help them. Adventurers can be generous for help rendered. Just remember: an adventurer makes life exciting. And exciting isn’t good for the health.
 
Section 9: Romancing an Adventurer.
Unwanted children from the roaming, licentious and lascivious adventurer are, sadly, a common occurrence that…’
 
Well, that last part didn’t seem applicable. However, this was one of Krsysl Wordsmith’s most popular works, along with the Antinium Wars, Guide to the Walled Cities, and so on.
So, it was with some actual foresight and apprehension that Nove entered his home where Ceria was resting. Luaar was, to his great disappointment, hurried away.
The village was prepared to run if the half-Elf turned out to be an ‘evil’ adventurer. ‘Neutral evil’, ‘lawfully evil’, and ‘chaotically evil’ were terms Krsysl had apparently come up with to describe the worst sorts, that were closer to [Bandit] than adventurer.
And there were bandits about. Nove was worried about rumors that Sandkempt, a village to the northeast, had…gone silent. No one wanted to check in case something had attacked, but another village had apparently been extorted by [Bandits].
They were coming again. Nove thought of all of this as he entered the hut.
Ceria Springwalker was staring at the frozen buckets of ice and other basins of water about her, slightly bemused. She glanced up as Nove froze.
“Are you Luaar’s father? The [Headman]?”
“I am.”
His heart began to beat uneasily as he saw the ice they’d put around her. Ceria pointed to a frozen bucket by her food; the air around her was cold.
“Did you use my aura as I slept to freeze all this ice?”
Nove ducked his head.
“We—we did, Miss Adventurer. I must tell you, we used it since ice is not something we can normally afford, not without paying for a temporary charm. We even sold it.”
“Sold it?”
The [Village Head] nodded. They’d bundled huge amounts of ice together so it stayed frozen, ran it to other villages nearby, and sold it. Ice was valuable! The village had been having headaches for the last three days; they’d been flavoring shaved ice with bits of sugar and such and eating it. Ceria looked at Nove and he held his breath.
The half-Elf’s lips twitched. She chuckled, and then laughed.
“That’s amazing! Fine by me. Thank you for rescuing me. And not robbing me in my sleep. I owe you something. I’m…”
She tried to struggle up and Nove exhaled the breath he’d been holding. ‘Neutral’. Or even good! Ceria fumbled for her belt pouch, but nearly fell over as she tried to get up.
Nove caught her, helping her sit. Ceria blinked.
“Wow. I’m still drained.”
“You may rest as long as you wish, Miss Springwalker. We already consider your ice to have given us more than caring for you. But I hope we may talk before you go?”
