8.25 KH
Page 28
“Okay. What’s my other option. Let’s assume I’m not freed after an investigation and I don’t break out of these cells.”
They nodded rapidly. Yvlon frowned.
“What did you say? When you said I could ‘earn my freedom’? As a [Gladiator]?”
The female [Thief] shivered. Her name was Rexes, and she was a Cotton-caste [Thief]. Her strings were frayed, but she had old, silk arms, which made them fast—too bad her legs hadn’t been as fast, or she wouldn’t have been caught.
“We’re [Gladiators], Miss Yvlon. We’ve been sentenced for our crimes—”
“I did nothing wrong! I was defending myself! I killed no one!”
Yvlon glowered. Rexes nodded rapidly.
“Of course not! B-but we are [Gladiators], which is for the best.”
“Why?”
All the String Folk looked astonished she didn’t know, but [Gladiators] were a story of a different continent. As much a fairy tale, as well, jungles in Baleros. Yvlon had dreamed of going to such places, but she hadn’t studied.
“Well…a good [Gladiator] that wins—or puts on a good show—can earn a patron. They can get better cells. If they do well enough for long enough, you can win your freedom! Freedom as someone’s [Bodyguard], or the champion of a city! There’s more than one criminal who ended up living fat for the rest of their days after winning an arena, or the championship.”
“Wonderful.”
Yvlon growled. However, it was a thought. She eyed her jagged stump of a right arm and grimaced.
“From what I recall from the stories—gladiators don’t fight just each other, do they?”
The prisoner’s enthusiasm faded markedly. One of the [Prisoners]—a [Gambler] with too many debts—pursed her lips. She didn’t have the confidence of the [Thief], or for that matter, Yvlon.
“The expendable ones fight beasts, monsters, and sometimes even damned Golems or other things for sport. If you’re worth more, you’re safer. Us? We’ll get rusted weapons and fight the real gladiators. Some might take it easy on us. That’s why we should make friends.”
“When?”
Yvlon frowned, looking across the other cells; all the ones around her were the [Prisoners]. The nicer, private rooms were elsewhere.
Rexel gave Yvlon a blank look.
“Why, when we eat or are trained, of course. The veteran [Gladiators] sometimes check the newcomers. To recruit to their team or size up. I’m sure they’ll come to see you.”
Yvlon looked at Rexel. Then the [Armsmistress] made a disgusted noise in her throat.
Size up? Win your freedom by killing others? New gladiators fighting monsters for fun? It was all…
“Blood sports. I heard Chandrar had some barbarities, but this is insane.”
The String Folk looked at Yvlon. She was surprised that rather than agreeing, as they were all in this predicament, they glowered at her.
“What?”
“Nerrhavia’s arenas are not barbaric, Human. We can show our battle prowess and courage, win freedom! Where else could you do that? In Izril? Don’t they have [Executioners] and [Headsmen] in Izril?”
“Yes. So what?”
The other three shook their heads.
“That’s the real barbarity.”
“Oh, really?”
Yvlon glowered. She was willing to debate the point, but she shifted one arm, and Rexel took a look at the shining metal—and the drawing Yvlon had made out of solid stone—and shushed her companions.
 
—-
 
Nevertheless, Yvlon Byres was stuck here. The Magistrate who’d lied about her had covered his tracks well. Yvlon had lodged a complaint, but how long would it stay in the system? He had all the time in the world to make up cover stories, find actual dead people she’d ‘killed’.
