8.25 KH
Page 17
He recognized both. Two Djinni hovered in the air behind their respective owners; both parties. That three Djinni were in one place was astonishing anywhere but the Shield Kingdom of Merreid, or the richest of nations. Nerrhavia was rich enough to qualify, of course, but three masters of Djinni gathering was still…interesting.
“Your servant, Emira Sulaake, is—is beyond impressive. What order of spirit is he? What nature?”
The [Merchant] licked his lips, staring up at Drenir. He could tell that his own Djinni was lesser. Drenir had teleported into the Emira’s home in an instant when summoned; neither Djinni could do that.
One looked like a wisp of shadow at times; at others, a beautiful, if strangely tall and elongated String Folk woman herself. A mimicry of an assassin or bodyguard, from the poorest group, a family of lesser aristocracy. She stared at Drenir, and he nodded to her as he cast the spell. She was shadow, shade, cloud—they would have called her Nightair, as if that meant anything.
“Drenir is of Quiset-majesty. Although his strength waxes and wanes. Shockmist. Although you understand that a being of his nature can change to almost any nature he needs.”
“Oh. Oh, I see.”
The [Merchant] was very impressed. Drenir met the Djinni’s gaze behind the [Merchant]. He saw…a curiously innocent-looking cat, with a little square hat, ‘sitting’ with a floating abacus. It was flicking the beads at speed and noting down its calculations non-stop on a magical scroll.
Clearly, an affectation of the [Merchant]’s. Drenir was not fooled.
If he stood above his kin, the cat-Djinni was stronger than the Nightair Djinni; enough to change his form this markedly, not to mention casual levitation. The cat looked up and twitched an ear at Drenir.
Hello, brother Drenir. Can you believe this one? He is so nervous of me he can’t even stand to have me about unless I look like this.
Drenir heard the thought and grinned. Powerful indeed. Telepathy. He concentrated, and, though it was not his specialty, sent back.
Perhaps we shall talk longer, brother, if time allows. Drenirkesun. A fine Cinaelu to you.
The cat raised its brows, and the abacus’ clicking slowed for a moment.
Cinaelu? A fine one if you want that. Seemutor.
Interesting. Drenir frowned. The voice of the cat-Djinni was younger. In that he didn’t remember why Cinaelu mattered.
Younger. It was a relative term. However, if he didn’t remember the origins of Cinaelu…both were younger. Weaker. If they had time to mingle, Drenir might tell them about it. Or just talk. It was rare they got to do so, and sometimes he envied Merreid’s Djinni.
Sometimes not. They would never escape that city until it was destroyed.
Hope. There was still hope for Drenir, for all his imprisoned kind. Not that the Djinni might come back; their cousins, the Jinn, had died. They would never return, only fade, servant by servant.
However, he might one day be free again. Drenir dreamed of it. Hope existed. Not just that one master might be punished, but true freedom. Perhaps—perhaps hope had died a century ago, but perhaps hope lived. There was a rumor on the winds that hope might be coming back.
At any rate, he accompanied his mistress as she welcomed her guests, listening, performing menial tasks as she showed off. Bored, but interested by his kin’s presence. Drenir listened and realized—
Today would be an interesting Cinaelu day after all.
 
—-
 
