8.26 FK
Page 2
Ailendamus was not amused. For one thing, they had a new headache in the Order of Seasons and Pheislant to deal with. For another?
Well, it was an undead king. The fact that anyone, let alone the public, could look upon that horror and cheer it on, let alone celebrate it, think of Fetohep as inspiring, commendable? Horrific to Terandrian ideals.
“What a nightmarish display. It only solidifies the need to combat such creatures.”
The remark came from the head of the table. King Itorin II of Ailendamus looked at the scrying orb with clear revulsion. Some of the other Humans looked at each other. The scrying orb on display in their war council hadn’t made them any keener to try their snacks. If his Majesty disliked it, they could turn it off and get back to business.
However, no one did that, because the man who’d brought the scrying orb in—and the second of Ailendamus’ troubles, at least in this room, was watching it out of the corner of his eye. One did not force the [King]’s cousin to do anything—unless the [King] himself overruled Duke Rhisveri.
The man glanced up, and replied to Itorin.
“Undeath may appall…but you must admit, the style is to be admired. A victor in both grace and warfare.”
He watched as Fetohep’s armies advanced, and then turned his attention back to the war council, losing his good humor.
“…Which is why I do not understand why General Vexil was not recalled! I personally asked him, moments before disaster, why he hadn’t taken further preparations. We lost an army to the Order of Seasons and you are telling me this is fine?”
His glare touched the [Great Generals], [Strategists of Empire], and so on. All powerful men and women who looked uncomfortable at the upbraiding. Every eye turned to King Itorin, who raised a placating hand. He was far from ignorant of war himself.
“Uncle, Uncle. I understand your concern, but the fact is that General Vexil’s loss—while tragic and a setback, was entirely necessary.”
“An army of thirty thousand lost is necessary?”
Rhisveri retorted. At this point, Great General Maxeff, the man who’d made the joke about Lizardfolk, began to feel annoyed by the man’s presumptuousness. He might be a Duke and royalty, but there were limits! Nevertheless, Itorin II tolerated his cousin’s outbursts for the same reason he was here.
Duke Rhisveri was a genius. A touchy, reclusive, arrogant genius who normally concerned himself with managing the treasury and such, but a genius you learned to respect. It was he who had improved the old Lance-bow designs, had helped win some of Ailendamus’ great battles, and, in this case, was even responsible for a political coup that should have weakened the Order of Seasons and other [Knight] orders—not to mention addressed the abhorrence on the scrying orb.
However, the Summer’s Champion had moved too soon. The loss of Vexil and his army exposed Rhisveri’s weakness in turn.
The man was…incapable of tolerating defeat. The other leaders here understood that sometimes you lost a battle. Indeed, the [Strategist of Empire] retorted as politely as she could.
“Even if he had fled rather than making his stand at Stone Giant’s pass, your Highness, there is no way Vexil would have been able to outrun the Season of Summer. Not with their mobile force. He chose the best location possible and his tactics were sound…just not for their caliber of [Knight]. He was meant for starting fires and ranged combat with half-Elves in Gaiil-Drome.”
“I know that. Why did we not scramble forces to meet him as he fell back? The loss of an army—”
