8.26 FK
Page 24
The Speaker of Trees was not at the battle; he was no warrior. They had sent one of their young [Generals], the same woman who’d clashed with Orthenon. The [General of Bows] had one prescient Skill among many: [Army: Extended Range].
Longbows fired glowing arrows into the sky, like miniature fireworks. Especially where they landed. Perric saw the glittering explosions from afar.
Khelt’s army held its ground, having dug into fortifications in the time it had taken both armies to reach him. They seemed like…well, like the ground had turned to bone and metal. But for the eyes.
Countless glowing eyes, skeletal faces, and the old armor of Khelt. The half-Giant skeletons stood in the back, unable to cast their javelins as far as the half-Elves. Yet the army was so vast. It sat in a circular camp, in the center of which, the Jaw of Zeikhal ignored the few arrows that struck its form.
Fetohep of Khelt stood in the center, amid a vanguard of the best undead, heaviest-armored, his living forces behind the arrows destroying his undead soldiers. He saw a dozen of Khelt’s skeletons blown to pieces by a single arrow; the glowing tip burst and trails of sparkling, blue-white light shot outwards. Each undead they touched just…collapsed, animation spell broken.
Anti-magic arrow. Undead-killers. The Claiven Earth had committed few living bodies to this engagement, like Fetohep, believing life was important. They were so alike—so different. They were willing to spend the magical arrows, however.
“Casualties mounting. Over two thousand destroyed already.”
The first minute of the volley had already wreaked a heavy toll, and the Claiven Earth were daring Fetohep to come after them. They were in spread-out groups, each one ready to withdraw if cavalry charged. Their few infantry were even further back. Fetohep stared narrowly at them and Medain’s army. They wanted the same advance; they’d block the half-Elves while his army was shredded.
“Fetohep, the [Knights] are coming! We’re trying to reach you, but the distance—”
He spoke curtly into the speaking stone.
“Jecaina, tend to your nation. Khelt will not bow so easily to this hasty alliance. Nor is this even but the hundredth battle I have fought against Khelt’s enemies. I shall humble their arrogance.”
There was but one reply Khelt could give to the naked provocation. As the [General of Bows] and High King Perric watched, they were aware of the approaching [Knights].
“Steady. Steady—wait for an opening. Let those damned [Knights] charge in. Then you two will join the attack.”
Perric was exhorting his two Named Adventurers and three Gold-rank teams, all of whom were nervously watching Fetohep. He knew the Claiven Earth had counterparts; they had better have brought more than their puny army, damn them! Areis had assured him they were committed!
Even so, it looked good. Outranged, Fetohep had to push in and Medain’s armored forces were perfect for fighting his undead, which were comparatively more fragile for all their numbers. Perric waited for Fetohep’s move as more arrows burst in his army. He saw the soldiers begin to move and his [General] called out.
“Hold, hold—ready—”
The Humans and half-Elves saw the King of Khelt raise a hand. The [General of Bows] held up a hand, ready to order her people back and let the Humans engage. Then she heard something.
A warbling flute. The horn for the attack? She tensed—then heard more flutes begin to sound. Someone began banging on a drum. But—strangely.
