8.26 FK
Page 31
She kicked her horse around and sped forwards. Bewildered, resentful, the ‘Humans’ barely caught up. They had no formation, no idea what she was doing. She was leading them straight at the enemy! The undead riders and terrible skeletal remains of elephants and other beasts were a terror.
If not for their training, they might have just stopped. As it was, they followed her in a disorganized mess. It didn’t matter.
Ierwyn was one of two Elders. Two old half-Elves who had survived battle and strife and earned every grey hair on their heads. They hadn’t lived in the villages where decades passed by with little happening. They had lived.
She had seen every comrade fall. She had seen war, centuries ago. Ierwyn remembered Fetohep of Khelt. Her eyes narrowed as she donned the helmet, completing the magical set of artifacts. She had been content to let the King of Destruction pass by, so long as he didn’t trouble the Claiven Earth.
“They woke me up for you, King of Khelt. Only you. Now—all of you will fight with me. You do not deserve it, Humans. Yet for this battle, we will be bonded in blood. You will be my comrades.”
They heard her voice, humming through their ears. They had even forgotten her name, most of them. How it changed, so quickly. Perhaps one or two of them remembered.
It mattered not. She raised her weapon overhead. The partisan spear glinted with the magic of the woods. The Claiven Earth’s champion, Ierwyn the Herald of Forests, [Sylvan Commander of Fables], raised her voice.
“With me! [A Fraction of My Experience]!”
She cried out, and the 4th Light Mounted froze in their saddles. For a moment, they felt her touch them. They knew her. The veteran of countless battles. Her Skill gave them exactly what it promised; a fraction of her battle-understanding, her knowledge. Like the King of Destruction’s Skill, only without power, merely technique, understanding.
Age. Perhaps even a weak Skill—but what about someone who had lived hundreds of years? Who had mastered so many weapons? What about a half-Elf, a Level 60 [Commander]?
The legend of the forests pointed. She no longer needed to speak. 4th Light Mounted—no, the Fables of the Forest, reborn once again, the most feared company of the Claiven Earth roared and charged after her.
Fetohep never even saw one of his cavalry divisions vanish. By the time he’d turned his head, he saw her, streaking through his lines, cutting the charges of his undead riders apart. Behind her followed the thousand Humans, fighting beyond Medain’s finest. Fetohep’s gaze focused on Ierwyn.
“You! They called for you, Herald of Forests?”
He bellowed, and for the first time, those around him heard a note of—uncertainty—enter his tone. Of course, the [Sylvan Commander] never replied.
“[We Fell Upon Them Like Mist]—”
She began the Skill and the 4th Light finished her sentence.
“[Our Blades Sang Through All Things]!”
They swung, swords passing through shields, spears piercing metal with ease. Like the Djinni, for a few dreadful minutes, blades passed through them and they rode like vengeful ghosts.
Fetohep cared not for the undead riders that were falling like chaff. He only had eyes for one group.
“Scourge Forerunner. Fall back!”
She heard him through their speaking stone link, but she was embattled around the half-Elf caster. She turned—saw the Herald of Forests coming at her.
The Scourge Forerunner raised her own blade, her artifacts shining. Fetohep looked at her, too far to reach. The Jaw of Zeikhal was rampaging, but far too slow to catch Ierwyn.
“Khelt stands forever! Khelt—”
