8.26 FK
Page 37
He knew. The instant he saw her face, he had to know. Nevertheless, the King of Destruction slowly dismounted. His brave horse collapsed.
“Save her. She bore me here.”
He spoke to one of the [Soldiers]. They bent for the laboring animal. Flos looked around.
“Where is Clan Tannousin, Nawalishifra? My blade? Maresar?”
She gave him no answer. Just a look that told him everything.
“I tried to replace it, King of Destruction. I—”
Her voice trembled. Flos Reimarch looked at her. The King of Destruction spoke slowly. His red-and-gold hair was as stained with battle as Maresar’s skin and armor had been. Yet no blood touched him. He had not even scored his opponent’s blood.
“You said nothing? I would have forgiven it. Yet in pride, you hid a secret. As we rode, you did not dare to tell me? I have ridden through fire and smoke, left thousands of my people to die fighting the Djinni. All for a blade that is not here.”
There was nothing she could say that would appease him. Nor did the King of Destruction unleash his wrath, though it would have taken a single swing of his sword. He just turned away.
There was no time. Behind him came the others. Teres, Takhatres, blurring away from another arrow of fire, Venith, Esiela.
“The blade! Where is it? Give it to me!”
The Lord of the Skies met him at the same time as the others. Flos shook his head.
“It never was.”
Horrified, Teres slowed. She too was coughing with poison, terrified of the Djinni following after. They were dodging lightning unleashed from Reim’s towers, but the barrage could not last forever. What had humbled an army could not kill Drenir; he was blocking the lightning bolts as Seemutor and Hisaille rushed forwards.
“Clan Tannousin failed? How is this possible?”
Venith rounded on Nawal. Before anyone could say anything else, Flos turned.
“I had hoped to make the Sorcelled Blades from the Naq-Alrama blade and give it to your tribe, Takhatres.”
He named his ability to make a unit, and the Lord of the Skies nodded heavily. He was unscratched, but looked—tired. He was drinking a stamina potion, the eighth so far.
“Are we dead, then?”
Teres felt a note of despair in her chest. Flos just shook his head. He looked back towards the gates. His voice became…dreamy. Resigned.
“I told you, I fought them six times, Teresa Atwood. Six times. Three times they humbled me. Twice, we won in massed battle. Once, I fought a Djinni with as few as this. That time was the last. I know how to best them. It will be—at the greatest costs. Venith, Esiela, you will have to guard me. Takhatres—the other two Djinni. You can’t kill that one.”
He pointed at Drenir. The Lord of the Skies looked like he wanted to object. Then he met Flos’ gaze.
“I’ll do it. I need the Grand Mage.”
Flos just nodded.
“Done.”
“Your Majesty. What strategy is this? I’ve never heard of it.”
Even Venith Crusland looked uncertain. Teres saw Flos’ head turn.
“I need to fight Drenir close up. We must bring him down. My aura will let me touch him. However—”
He looked up as a shadow passed over the city. Flos stared up and met the eyes of the Djinni as lightning flashed. He sighed.
“—I am a [King]. Not Mars. For once, I fear I might be outmatched. Still.”
The King of Destruction looked at Nawalishifra and shook his head.
“…There is no other choice. To battle.”
 
—-
 
Fetohep rampaged through the living like he had when he lived. His halberd spun, and he cried Skills aloud which he had not uttered in battle since he had drawn in breath with his lungs.
[Spear Art: Sands Fly Apart]. [I Fought Against Five Alone]. [Like a Lion, He Leapt]—
