8.26 FK
Page 11
She twitched at that and even Perric had the self-awareness to bare his teeth. The Claiven Earth and Medain had often fought.
“Friends in this time, when all seems at its darkest.”
He smoothly went on. She just folded her arms. He knew Valesent Areis; she was one of the regular diplomatic contacts between them. She had also refused his offer of marriage both times he’d made it, as a young man and more recently.
She might be over a hundred years old, or eighty at least, but she looked like she was in her thirties or forties at most. If that; she was striking, and Perric would have loved to exchange pleasantries…but he had a case to make.
“Your Majesty, I have come at the behest of the Speaker of Trees and the Claiven Earth to hear your petition.”
He gritted his teeth on the word ‘petition’, but nodded graciously.
“You do me credit, Areis. I know you spoke personally for Medain and this chance, and I shall not waste it. I say to you what I said to the Speaker of Trees: we must come to an accord and stand against Khelt.”
She studied him. The Claiven Earth was somewhat like Khelt, but both would have resented the comparison. An exceptionally strong nation of half-Elves that often kept to themselves. However, they had made war on Flos of Reim and they would leave their borders.
“We did not commit many of our own to die against the King of Destruction. You wish us to spend more lives saving Medain?”
She stressed the kingdom’s name. Perric smiled.
“Ah, I understand the reluctance, Areis, but I’ve offered a ceasefire for fifteen years!”
Which he didn’t want, but it was one of his cards. She nodded at that. The High King pressed on.
“Moreover, this isn’t about me or Medain.”
She tilted her head.
“Not the King of Duels? That undead claims that if you release the King of Duels, he will retreat his dread army.”
A good sign, her referring to Fetohep thusly. Perric smiled.
“Areis. If the positions were reversed, would the Claiven Earth accede to the threats made by a foreign power? Let alone an undead Revenant?”
She frowned. High King Perric studied her.
The one advantage he had in convincing the Claiven Earth was that they were half-Elves like people thought of them. They had come to Chandrar long ago from Terandria, and created a forest along the coast. A verdant land that was death to attack—as he’d learned to his cost.
However, that also meant they loved nature, kept those ancient villages, practiced the bow…and hated necromancy, like most Terandrians. In this case, it was mostly that death magic killed life-magic and nature, hence the issue.
“Even if I were to surrender and make peace, Khelt is now on our borders. Consider the effects of so many undead seeping into the land over centuries? Moreover, do you wish to be next if Medain falls? Say you offend the King of Khelt.”
“Khelt is traditionally passive.”
The High King made a rude noise.
“Oh, yes. Which is why they are marching on Medain for Jecrass. Khelt may be traditionally whatever it wishes to be. Fetohep has broken with all precedent. I say again: the Claiven Earth could be next.”
She studied him, narrow-eyed. She knew exactly why he was asking and so desperate. In truth, Areis would have loved to tell the odious High King exactly what she thought of him and let Khelt sack his capital.
Unfortunately, she had been sent to this meeting for more reasons than Perric knew about. The Claiven Earth were afraid of just what he described; not immediate action, but all the death magic seeping across the border through the ground.
