8.26 FK
Page 48
Their morale broke. Even the Herald of Forests and the other half-Elves stared, dull-eyed. They hadn’t known the Ruler of Khelt could do that! Some secrets had been kept even from their memories. How many times had one fallen in battle, though?
The answer: never.
Fetohep held the speaking stone away from him and Jecaina screamed at him.
“I will return as soon as I am able. There is a mission I must attend to. Stop weeping, Arbiter Queen. It does not become you.”
He turned, and his golden eyes of flame swept his palace.
“Listen. Know. Look.”
The rulers of Khelt called to him strongly, shouting to him now his soul had returned home. Fetohep?
He listened.
 
—-
 
The great crusade in the north was just starting. The thousands of [Knights] were all needed, for Khelt had not been broken in a single strike, and the ruler was angry.
In Reim, meanwhile, Flos Reimarch was carried by magic; no one could even touch him. He was so badly burned that even healing potions could not repair the damage in seconds. Every [Healer] clustered around him, but at last, Takhatres had to thrust his way through the crowd.
“Flos. Nerrhavia’s taken advantage. Your army is returning here.”
“You cannot speak to him! He cannot even move! We must find more healing artifacts. A’ctelios Salash! The damage—”
One of the [Healers] tried to stop the Lord of the Skies, but Takhatres, wounded as he had been himself, pressed on. He could see the eyes staring at him around the charred skin.
“Flos. They’re heading north. More armies are coming, but they’re heading north. They intend to liberate Ger, Hellios. Cut us apart and surround us. I can stop the ones headed here, but we give up both nations back to their people.”
And neither ruler might easily bow again. Especially Hellios. Yet Reim was in danger. Takhatres waited.
He could not move. He was wounded beyond belief. Nevertheless, the King of Destruction spoke, and it was not what they expected.
“Gnolls.”
The Gnolls? Takhatres recalled they had been given land to the north! Hellios’ land. Flos spoke.
“Go.”
“Are you sure?”
His army was in tatters. Takhatres’ tribe could return, but to guard the north…Flos spoke.
“I will not be forsworn again. Go.”
The Lord of the Skies bowed and left. Nerrhavia’s armies covered the border, advancing on Reim now the King of Destruction was so wounded. Towards the capital.
 
—-
 
That didn’t matter. Oh, it was war. A technical breach of peace—who was going to hold Nerrhavia to account? Flos had enemies who wanted him dead at any cost.
It still mattered not. Not right now.
The only news that mattered was that a Djinni was on the loose. The same kind of calamity that struck once a millennia, always a disaster, especially if they were powerful. And Drenir was almost as powerful as the last one.
Chandrar reacted to the news as if a Goblin King had emerged. No—perhaps more so. For this mattered to them.
A Djinni. All those who held chains trembled. Yet the response was immediate.
Other Djinni were summoned. From the Shield Kingdom of Merreid to Roshal, masters unleashed their own Djinni with one command: slay Drenir. Or chain him once more, if an empty vessel could be found.
That was what must be done. Even if they had to sacrifice other Djinni, not one would escape. From the instant he was freed, he was hunted.
Drenir knew this. Worse—he knew he could not easily flee Chandrar’s shores. He was wounded from battle, exhausted, and Djinni would hunt him from all directions. Some could teleport.
