8.26 FK
Page 8
He wondered what it was. The arrangement with Wistram had been such that only an actual emergency would override his procession’s broadcast; no lesser ‘events’, even something like Joseph’s soccer game and so on.
“I’m just receiving word that—that three Djinni are bearing down on the King of Destruction. On the holiday? It looks like they’re definitely coming from Nerrhavia. Wait a second. Djinni being sent to kill him? Where’s my book on…”
Drassi began to fumble for a book, frowning. Noass cleared his throat quickly.
“Ah—Drassi. That’s unconfirmed. We are reporting, first, before any other news channel including Nerrhavia’s Wonders, that three Djinni are indeed flying towards the King of Destruction in Reim! They seem combat-ready, but we can’t confirm they are attacking.”
“If they are, that’s a war crime. Djinni being sent against individuals? Breaches all the rules of war in Chandrar. We’ll see if Nerrhavia has a statement on that—we’re reaching out.”
Drassi added. She brandished the book. Noass turned to her. Fetohep had gone still, although his undead flowed around him.
“That’s not confirmed, Drassi.”
“But if it is, I’m calling it a war crime. Like [Poison Cloud] spells in Ailendamus, Noass. If they’re doing it, it’s not ‘seems like war crimes’, it is. This is Drassi. Possible war crimes from Nerrhavia’s Fallen if the Djinni attack. How’s that for news?”
The two Drakes began bickering. Fetohep of Khelt turned, as if he could look back the countless miles the way he had come towards Reim. Djinni.
“It seems you face a challenge, brat.”
Then he kept riding forwards.
 
—-
 
When he got word of the Djinni, High King Perric felt like opening a bottle of something expensive. Djinni. Of course, it was a war crime.
No nation on Chandrar condoned the use of Djinni in war! Not for moralistic reasons so much as practicality. If one was lost, it was a finite resource, already rare, gone forever, and if two Djinni fought, that was the likeliest outcome.
More importantly…if someone started using Djinni, the other side would use their Djinni and that got—nasty.
If he had a Djinni he thought could slay the King of Destruction, or that damned Revenant, Perric would have given serious thought to using one. He hoped they’d kill Flos of Reim for him. That would be the good news among the sandstorm of misery.
Speaking of Djinni…he spent a few hours among his concubines. Stress was eating at him, and the High King did not let it fester. He consulted with an expert who would know more.
As in—another Djinni. Just not one who could kill Fetohep, or even give the undead ruler a good fight.
High King Perric had made it a goal to have a concubine or wife of every species in the world…excepting Selphids. And Antinium, he’d added to the list, if there even were females among them. The Djinni in his company of dozens—he didn’t stop at one per species—was among the weakest of her kind. Barely able to shapeshift and fly, and still stronger than any Silver-rank adventurer in existence for all of that.
“What kind of Djinni are coming after the King of Destruction? Do they have a chance?”
She blew a cloud of blue smoke at him, and he looked away from her pulsating, somewhat insectile worm-like form.
“Change back to a proper form at once!”
She sulkily obeyed, but still took another draft from the blue smoke drug she enjoyed. The Djinni Maef replied.
“I know one of my kin flying. That one.”
The Djinni pointed. Medain saw the image of the three Djinni, two carrying enchanted weapons, and focused on the one flying highest.
“Drenirkessun.”
“And? His capabilities?”
