8.26 FK
Page 28
He abandoned the bow, realizing she’d do the trick again. Esiela screamed—but Seemutor clearly thought he should go after the [King], rather than waste any more time.
He conjured a scimitar out of his body, an oversized weapon that was almost as large as he was. Impossibly balanced, and far too cumbersome to swing…unless it weighed nothing but air.
The cat-Djinni dove at Flos, bringing the sword down in a hacking blow. Teres shouted.
“Flos! Watch out!”
Takhatres had seen it too. He dove, slashing—and passed through Seemutor. He was doing the same trick as Hisaille! The Djinni grunted with minor pain as the daggers scored him, but he was non-corporeal. Flos had turned in the saddle. He brought up the sword he carried and blocked the strike.
His horse screamed at the impact. Flos slashed, and Seemutor swung low, scything in, fearless of the King of Destruction. He slashed, aiming to bisect horse and Flos in one blow.
The King of Destruction bent low in the saddle, reaching out, and stabbed Seemutor through the face as the Djinni came at him. Teres expected his blade to pass through, but she saw the Djinni recoil. Then scream.
“Seemutor! How—?”
Hisaille hesitated. The cat-Djinni was recoiling, clawing at his face. Flos rode at him, slashing, but the Djinni was in the air.
“It hurts! He has wounded me! I can’t close—”
“Leave the King of Destruction to me, I said! He can harm you!”
Drenir boomed from within the fracturing spell. He saw the King of Destruction whirl, and resume his frantic ride. Drenir counted.
“They flee towards the capital! Stop them!”
The wounded Djinni and Hisaille hesitated. Then they began slashing at the vassals. Venith had caught up, and he, Takhatres, and Esiela were the dangers. They could stop Drenir from slaughtering Flos and so had to be taken out or stopped!
How had Flos harmed Seemutor? He was noticeably hurt, his face bearing the wound even as he changed to a rabid tiger-man, slashing with furious claws at Venith, who braved the attacks on his armor and shield. The answer was obvious to Drenir.
A [King]’s aura. The countermeasure of royalty against Dragons, Djinni. That Flos had mastered it enough to wound Seemutor meant he could fight Drenir.
“I have killed [Kings] like you, even so.”
The Djinni finally burst his bonds—if not his captivity. He exploded upwards in an explosion that consumed the [Soldiers] around him, took aim again. The vassals struggled to protect Flos. Teres fought the Manticore—and then the other monsters Hisaille unleashed from scrolls. She realized something at the same time Drenir did.
The Djinni hesitated, eying Flos, Takhatres, Venith, Esiela…he counted. Where was the last one?
Maresar? If she had fled, they wanted her to reach the capital to arm it—or retrieve a weapon. Where was she? His head swiveled, tracking the many riders fleeing in every direction, then towards the capital. Drenir cursed, before making up his mind and diving at Flos again.
He never saw Maresar. Though the [Bandit Lord] had been in front of him three times as he searched. Oh, she could have attacked and made herself known. Her enchanted arrows might even distract them a bit, but they always forgot.
[Bandit Lord]. Well, in her day, [Bandit Lady] hadn’t even existed. [Bandit Queen]? It was a new tide, created by the likes of the Bloodfeast Raiders and the Siren of Savere.
And one more thing gave her the class. The man glanced over his shoulder as a group of riders sped away, in one of many groups. He saw the King of Destruction teleport again.
“He’ll run out of scrolls soon. More speed.”
