8.26 FK
Page 46
The young woman saw Flos find what he was looking for. What he had seen, and aimed for all along. His fingers touched the one thing on Drenir that had never changed, for all the forms the Djinni had taken, even as cloud, as meteor.
The collar around his neck. The King of Destruction gripped it with both hands, letting go of Drenir. The Djinni stared at him. Teres stared. She heard a voice from Esiela.
“He can’t be thinking of—is he mad?”
The Djinni felt the [King]’s grip on his collar. His prison. He looked at Flos as the [King] burned.
“Fool. You cannot break this. I could not.”
The King of Destruction ignored him. He was screaming, potion gone. Pulling at the artifact.
He was too weak. This had been made to hold Drenir. It was thus, stronger than Drenir was. Only a Djinni stronger than he could have removed it, or a Dragon, or…and hope might be dead.
What chance did a mortal man have? Yet, he was pulling.
That…strength. Drenir was still fire. This had all happened in less than a second. Flos was burning.
He felt something uncertain in his very being. A…strain. The Djinni’s eyes widened.
“Impossible.”
Flos howled. His arms tried to channel his strength. Not a fraction, heedless of whether it would hurt him! The fullest extent of it.
[A Kingdom’s Strength]. Once, it had stretched from shore to shore. Once—
He was going to die. Every part of Drenir saw the king burning to death. He felt the compulsion to end him. He—
Ended his flames. The command spells in his being tore at him, threatening death, forcing him to reignite. Drenir fought it. He met Flos’ burned gaze.
The King of Destruction screamed. One sound that tore through the air. His fingers tore, flesh down to bone.
He pulled the collar apart. The relic of millennia, forged to capture Drenir, his bonds that had never been broken—shattered.
The shockwave of the artifact breaking exploded around the two. Teres was thrown so hard she hit the walls of the city. Every person in Reim was knocked down, by the magic as much as the blast of air.
Impossible. They were made never to be broken! Drenir stared down at the pieces of metal, lying next to the prone [King]. And he realized.
“King of Destruction.”
Such a fitting name. Drenir looked down at Flos.
The man was barely alive. He was burned on every part of his body; he might have been blind from the heat and fire. No hair remained. He looked up, though.
Waiting.
Drenir could have slaughtered him. Killed every person in the city. He could have.
Yet his chains were gone. The Djinni reached up and felt nothing. No collar.
Free.
Horror struck all those who watched as the Djinni rose up slowly. The scrying spells reflected the nightmare of it; the freed Djinni of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Emira Sulaake of Aeresuth had gone still. She looked at Drenir as he floated over the King of Destruction’s body.
Madness. The King had freed a Djinni? No one could speak.
Drenir looked to the left. To the right. Up, and down. He breathed, in, and out, and tasted something. Then he looked at the [King].
There was too much to say. Hisaille was dead. Drenir had killed so many. Even now, his vassals rushed forwards, to guard him. The Djinni could have killed him. But it was his choice.
So Drenir rose. He bowed, slightly, and then rose higher.
“Thank you, King of Destruction.”
Then he turned. He flew higher, into the sky, like a bird, like an arrow. Streaking back the way he had come. When he spoke next, it was a roar. A bellow that was surely heard in every part of Chandrar. It wasn’t Cinaelu. It was technically the day after.
