8.26 FK
Page 45
Drenir slashed and Flos saw two arms descend; he blocked them, but the other two scythed horizontally. His shield blocked one; Drenir cut him with the last.
Unfair? Oh, yes. The King of Destruction cried out, and his subjects shouted in despair. He let go of the shield, dropping it, and Drenir pressed down.
“I have you!”
He dug a sword into Flos’ side. Then—hesitated.
The King of Destruction had his arm. Flos Reimarch clung to it with a bloody hand, grinning. He had…dropped his sword? Now, he held Drenir, and the Djinni felt his aura dragging at him. The fingers tore into his very essence. Flos spoke around the healing potion clutched between his teeth.
“We have each other, Djinni.”
Drenir stared. So this was his plan? To tear apart the Djinni with the strength of a [King]? He saw Flos straining and felt his limbs being pulled down. Unable to fight back against that strength, Drenir acknowledged Flos’ last gambit. Then he laughed again.
“You have me, King of Destruction. Yes, indeed. Hold on.”
Then he turned his body to living flame and Flos screamed and burned. Yet he did not let go. Teres saw him drag the Djinni down for his last, desperate gambit.
 
—-
 
“Who are you?”
Fetohep of Khelt looked at the Falcon of Medain as the sword ran through his throat. Straight through her. She—she was not whom he was addressing, for all she thought it.
He was speaking to what lay beyond. To…a strangeness.
Always. Always they were there. In this moment, when he had reawoken to find he ruled Khelt…always.
Eighteen stood there. Eighteen glorious figures of old, rulers of Khelt! His queen.
Khelta herself. They always spoke to him.
Live! Serve. Protect.
They were bound by sacrifice and the land. The weight of the same crown Fetohep wore. They always said the same things…
“Listen. Know. Look.”
Fetohep stared. In that flash of time, he saw the eighteen. Only—what had changed? They were looking at him. Pointing. He looked—
And saw the young woman. So strange. Not dressed at all like them. She waved at him.
“Um.”
“Who…are you?”
He asked her. The [Innkeeper] waved harder.
“Erin Solstice. Hi—”
The sword moved. Fetohep felt it slice—and his body fell, headless.
The lights in his eyes went out. The golden flames vanished. The Falcon of Medain lowered her sword as the King of Khelt’s head fell. She sheathed it with a flourish, breathing hard.
“Frieke of Medain.”
She spoke to the body, as the Herald of Forests raised her spear and the cheering began. The undead held still.
Khelt’s citizens wailed. They screamed at the sight. High King Perric laughed as the Arbiter Queen wept.
“No. Fetohep!”
His body lay on the ground, head next to it. Already dissolving. The King of Khelt was dead.
 
—-
 
Flos Reimarch burned. He screamed, as Drenir became flame—then an inferno. His skin burned, and healed, mid-burn, as the potion fought against the fire.
He would die unless he let Drenir go. Did he have the strength to tear Drenir apart before he burned away? Drenir doubted it.
Strange. As Drenir killed the [King] by fire, he waited for the terrible pain. The King of Destruction might well damage him so much it took decades to recover, yet he felt none. Oh, the strength, yes. But he was being dragged down. What was he doing?
Teres saw Flos, in the flames, pull the Djinni low. He was screaming, shouting in pure agony, but his fingers were fumbling. Searching for something.
He knew how to fight Djinni. He told her he had fought them personally once. Just…once. How would he win?
