8.26 FK
Page 7
“You shall change, Herdmistress. Nor does any citizen of Khelt ever want for food or shelter; I make provision for [Merchants] to trade in my cities, but only those I choose, few each month. Your occupations of the past—will no longer be needed, some. You may choose to become who you wish, but that is my requirement.”
He could not have them simply roam past the border and back. What they didn’t know was that this was more than pettiness, or a desire to keep them his subjects; his undead and his own senses could not easily detect individuals. Centaurs could well be infiltrated by spies or outsiders. Moreover—Khelt’s borders were closed. He let no one in. Not refugees, not armies. He chose who entered and that was how it had to be.
“Harsh requirements, your Majesty. I would have called it generous beyond belief, but this last? It will—unmake the People of Zair as they are. You know Centaurs love to roam.”
“Is a nation and a third of land not enough, Herdmistress? You may be nomads within Khelt if you wish.”
She gave him a twisted smile.
“All of Khelt is not all of Chandrar, your Majesty. Could I convince you otherwise?”
“No. I am aware of my generosity, Herdmistress. I will give you all your lands. However, when you claim roaming is in your nature—I throw the very same words you spoke to Queen Jecaina at your hooves. You say the land is yours, that the People of Zair live and die there. Prove it. It must be your land. Your children’s children may depart, and choose as they will, but it must be more than a home you can leave at any time.”
She nodded, seeing the logic in it. The Centaur bowed her head.
“A harsh choice.”
She repeated herself, then looked around.
“May…may I withdraw and consult my people? We will not all be united, your Majesty. No matter what we decide.”
“I give you one year from this day.”
He raised a hand. She stared at him, but then nodded slowly. A year? What was a year to Fetohep? She pawed at the ground, then fixed him with a long gaze.
“Thus, one way or another, Jecrass will never return to itself, will it? One last question, King Fetohep, if I may. Even if the King of Duels is freed and he demands the lands back…offers you anything? Would you relent?”
Another easy answer. Fetohep replied, hefting the halberd he held at the ready.
“Never. This land is Khelt’s. Not just in name, or quick contracts. My armies will never retreat, though we will make no more war after King Raelt is freed on Medain, unless provoked. However. The force you see here will rest under the soil. This army.”
The Centaurs stared at the entire force Fetohep had brought. This army to guard a third of Jecrass?
Someone murmured. Fetohep simply nodded at Geraeri.
“I do not intend to give up what is mine. Take your time, Herdmistress. We will speak again.”
Then he marched onwards, leaving the Centaurs to choose. Fetohep rode forwards, beckoning the next supplicant, the descendant of a River Warden, to him, to make the same pacts. Chandrar was changing. It would never be the same.
It was as Fetohep rode, at the end of Cinaelu, that he received word and the images of his parade through Medain finally changed. The undead king saw Drassi raise a claw and turn as someone handed her a sheet of paper. She read from it, then looked into the camera.
“I’m sorry, but we’re ending our coverage of Khelt and his Majesty for breaking news. It’s war. Anyone not interested in war can tune out now…”
