8.26 FK
Page 26
The mortal [Soldiers] ran into trained undead, with a military precision that matched or exceeded their own. Humans cried out in dismay as Khelt’s warriors swung with strength and speed that normal skeletons didn’t match. They still crashed forwards, but countless of Khelt’s warriors waited beyond. It was like running into a wall of bones. And swords.
That was when the first undead buried under the sands began to dig themselves out, grasping at terrified Humans, stabbing from below. Fetohep sighed.
They fell for it so often.
 
—-
 
“They have passed by the foot, milord. Hundreds, possibly thousands dead.”
Maresar reported. Flos Reimarch looked back, and his teeth clenched. Reim’s riders streamed out behind them.
“Esiela? Venith? Takhatres?”
“He has the Grand Magus. Venith is following. Flos. We aren’t going to reach the capital before they catch us.”
Teres knew it was true. She had seen the distant fire behind them. Now, two of the Djinni sped after. Invisible but for the scrying spell tracking them.
Drenir, though. The Djinni had defeated the army that Flos had crushed countless of Nerrhavia’s armies with for a warm up. He sped forwards as Flos turned.
“Can Tannousin bring the blade to us?”
“I asked and they are silent! Something is wrong. Our people say they’ve hidden away!”
The King of Destruction cursed.
“[Assassins]? It would be—very well. We must reach the capital! Are the lightning towers armed?”
“Armed and ready!”
“Then give the blade to whomever reaches it, preferably Takhatres! He can use it best. If need be, I will fight the Djinni without—I will need you, Esiela, and Venith to back me up. Teres! You will take cover!”
The young woman didn’t argue. This was beyond her. Maresar nodded. Teres looked at Flos.
“Fight the Djinni? Alone?”
Flos was looking back.
“I know how to defeat them without a Naq-Alrama blade. I wouldn’t want to try, but if—damn.”
The damn was because of something in the distance. Teres, Maresar, and the riders all looked back. For a moment, Teres didn’t believe what she was seeing. Then she realized:
This was the power of a Djinni.
Drenir hadn’t bothered to fly with the other two. Aware of the distant King of Destruction, he had transformed again. First, he had flown up, the blazing pillar of fire transforming. Higher, higher—until he was lost in the sky, so high even the scrying spells had missed him.
He had angled himself, given himself the momentum in a fiery explosion, and let gravity and his new form do the rest.
Hisaille and Seemutor saw their brother fall to earth, overtaking them, impossibly fast. Hisaille stared up in awe.
“I knew he was powerful! This? Brother—did you know he could do that?”
“Of course. This is the technique Drenir used to humble armies of Drakes and fight Dragons.”
Seemutor looked up. His slitted cat-eyes beheld Drenir. Or—what the Djinni had become. You would never know he was a living thing. Not from afar.
A falling meteor shot through the sky. A blazing ball of ignited air. Only if you were close enough to feel the heat would you see the stone man, curled up, the size of Zamea—aimed at the King of Destruction.
“Scatter!”
Flos bellowed one word. Teres screamed, but a [Rider] grabbed her and they fled. Alone, Flos turned back, staring at the falling meteor. He swore. Reached for an artifact looted from Hellios’ armory.
Drenir hit the ground so hard that the explosion and shockwave sent the riders who had fled slowest flying. Teres was blinded, deafened, nearly thrown from her saddle as her horse screamed and landed.
