8.26 FK
Page 41
Certainly, he looked tired. Sweat matted his feathers. The Lord of the Skies looked at Hisaille. She whirled, grinning. He had cut her time and time again, but his daggers weren’t specialized for killing air, but flesh. She sprang forwards.
Takhatres slashed her head off her shoulders. Hisaille never even saw him move. Her head floated off her body, and she cried out at the line of pain.
“You—!”
She dissipated. He was standing back at the gates. Hisaille held the mist-form, darted away, and reformed. She growled, preparing to call out to Seemutor or Drenir to help—
A blade severed her head, plunging through her neck and twisting. Again, the Djinni felt her head separate. She cried out.
“How—?”
She fled, mist, then had to reform. Her magic wasn’t infinite, and each time she became mist, she burned it faster. She formed and saw him.
He was standing right there. Breathing her. He—
Beheaded her. So fast! Hisaille screamed. Then, she heard a voice.
“Djinni tactics. [Fireball]. And—detonate.”
A glowing orb flashed through her mist-body and detonated. The fire ate at Hisaille in cloud-form and she shrieked. Grand Mage Esiela was aiming at her! Hisaille fled, but she could not maintain the mist form for more than a second. And when she came to, she—
—Was beheaded. The Lord of the Skies had her! No matter how far she tried to flee! He was too fast!
Terrified, now, Hisaille tried to call for Drenir, but he was battling the King of Destruction, and Seemutor was under attack! She saw the Grand Mage tracking her, able to see her even as mist. Now, the [Grand Mage] spoke, lips cracked and bleeding, injured, but intent.
“[Magic Null].”
This time Hisaille shrieked as part of her vanished. A true wound, worse than any before, tore at her. Drenir heard it.
“Hisaille! Sister! Flee!”
That was how Djinni died! Their bodies came and went, but their magic was them! The Grand Mage pursued the mist-cloud, but looked up and threw a barrier up—a storm of boulders thundered from the sky, striking at her, sending up dust-clouds.
Hisaille fled, sobbing in terror. She didn’t want to die! She stumbled, running for the carpet. Calling it to her. She…
Saw Takhatres, standing with one foot on the carpet. The Lord of the Skies looked up.
“I was only ordered. I am a servant. I surrender.”
She lifted her hands, pleading with him. The Garuda looked at her.
“You want to surrender after you’ve slaughtered so many?”
Drenir dove. Too late. Hisaille breathed.
“Please?”
The Djinni stared down at her body. Her head, floating, became mist. The expression of fear became resignation. Despair—
She disappeared. Unable to hold on any longer. With a sigh. Takhatres waited, but Hisaille would never come back. Somewhere, her masters cried out in horror, and realized their servant was gone. The treasure that had kept their family fed and wealthy, even if poor, was destroyed.
Hisaille was…
The Lord of the Skies looked up. Two Djinni fell upon him, screaming fury. He tried to dodge. He evaded Seemutor, as the Djinni exploded into scything fury. He ran—straight into the air itself. Drenir reformed and lifted him up. The Lord of the Skies blurred, stabbing him, hurting Drenir, but the Djinni cared not at all.
“Do you feel proud, childkiller?”
That was all the Djinni said. Takhatres reached for his belt.
