8.26 FK
Page 32
The two met in a single clash. Ierwyn sped past the toppling body, already circling, hitting another target.
“Kill her.”
Undead surged towards the Herald, but her company cut through them without rest, without fear. Even as some of the Humans fell…she was singing through his ranks. A legend like him.
Then, the half-Elf finished his spell. Fetohep looked up and saw the spell activate.
Mother of the Sea. Sea’s embrace.
“[Outlandish World of Water].”
The old half-Elf cackled. The [General of Bows], High King Perric, everyone, looked up. The hovering globe of water looked like a miniature planet. A world unto itself. A—
A million tons of water hit a patch of Khelt’s forces and they vanished. Bone pulverized by the spray of just…weight. Water and weight. The elder half-Elf pointed and the spell pounded another part of Fetohep’s army.
“Bones and water. Fertilizer. Another battle. Another war. Are we losing this one?”
The [General of Bows] just watched, lost for words, as he hummed under his breath. Fetohep pointed, turning to his [Mages].
“Consume Tier 4 Defensive Scrolls at will!”
The Jaw of Zeikhal lumbered forwards to block the pressurized blasts of water being hurled at his army. Fetohep saw the Herald lancing in, able to run rampant where all others had been held back by his undead. His army began moving back, reforming ranks.
Naturally, that was when he heard the triumphal, prancing horns. The clarion call that sounded like a child tooting on mere brass to the wind of their own imagined glory.
Nevertheless—he looked up and saw the stream of riding figures. Such a narrow, few thousand.
All of them [Knights] and [Hunters]. Sisters and brothers to the Order of Seasons. They entered the battle, making for the King of Khelt. And he?
He was no longer smiling.
 
—-
 
As Khelt fought on, the first [Riders] reached Reim. Nearly a day of riding. A day of being harried by the most powerful magical beings in the world yet living.
The citizens of Reim surely stared, because they remembered the army that had set forth, winning victory after victory. Who came in their gates now but battered, burned [Soldiers] babbling about fire from the skies, unstoppable, untouchable foes?
All of them said one thing, though. The palace. They had to escort the [King] there. To the weapon that could turn this tide of battle.
In the distance, the towers of lightning were already hurling destruction, but warily, unable to risk striking the mortals. The air was hot, charged with static.
One of the [Riders] broke through the frantic reformation as more of the garrison prepared to sortie and protect Flos. He looked like any other [Veteran], but didn’t bother with talking, just burst through all others and rode up the steps of the city itself, racing for the palace.
Even now, some guards and soldiers noticed and made to check the [Veteran]. They halted as Maresar shed her Skill. She shouted.
“Where is Clan Tannousin? Nawalishifra! I need the Naq-Alrama blade!”
Heads turned. Of course, they’d heard the demand via [Message] spell. Every hand pointed; Maresar turned and rode at the figure.
Nawalishifra stood in front of the great double doors leading into the palace. The [Smith], the young prodigy of Clan Tannousin, stood alone.
Barehanded.
Maresar felt a lurch, and checked her corners, but no one had been speaking about [Assassins]. What was it? Threats made? Bribes? Treachery?
She came to a halt, panting, her dark skin covered with sweat and grime. The [Bandit Lord] looked down at Nawalishifra, decorated with so little and so much.
