8.26 FK
Page 3
“Is an army, Uncle. A single army, which gives us full casus belli to invade Pheislant. Vexil’s death was a small blow, but we are already recovering the elements that retreated, and if he had downed a few of the Order of Seasons’ best [Knights], it would have been a fine tradeoff. Let us turn our attention to more significant matters.”
It was astonishing that Itorin ignored the venomous look Rhisveri shot, but the Duke finally let the matter drop. The other commanders eyed each other, refusing to say anything out loud, but disgruntled by the haughty Duke. Nevertheless…a genius. Ailendamus’ plans did not involve Chandrar today, tomorrow, or perhaps even this decade. Terandria mattered, and if they had plans to ever take Chandrar—well, Humans could dream, but these people knew better than to overreach that far.
However, on the other hand, Ailendamus did have designs on Khelt. Fetohep might not have transgressed in any way on Ailendamus holdings, but an opportunity had emerged by his very presence. For all Rhisveri’s faults, when he came up with an idea, he made up for his every demand. Even sending forces to Izril on some mad hunt for a thief.
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt had been pushing into Medain like a knife through a block of butter. Literally; he had made an arrow’s journey towards the capital, parting Medain’s forces and breaking through fortress and city in a narrow, deliberate path of destruction.
No army had, as of yet, troubled him. After the first conflicts at the border fortresses, Medain had fallen back rather than risk full-out battles. Khelt’s army was just…massive. Fetohep was a terrifying warrior, and he employed strategy on par with any of Medain’s [Generals] while fighting.
In fact, he had the wherewithal to fight on more fronts than purely physical, as this celebratory advance indicated. It was vanity of a surety, but Fetohep made no secret of why he was invading Medain.
“The King of Jecrass, Raelt Leysars, the King of Duels is the unjust prisoner of King Perric of the Thalassocracy of Medain! Release him and mine armies shall withdraw. Refuse and Medain shall be as sand before the tide!”
His heralds bellowed the [Message], and Fetohep had been interviewed by Drassi and repeated the same line. Release one man, and I will stop wreaking destruction.
King Perric did not. However, the ego of the High King of Medain was not that of his subjects; riots had broken out three times in the capital as Fetohep advanced. As of yet, the armies gathered there, not to mention the Golden Ranks of adventurers, had kept an iron grip on the city, but the fractures were showing.
The only thing that had stopped Fetohep from already cracking Medain’s coastal capital like an egg was the distance involved…but his army could move without rest, as he had shown…and his honor as a king.
It worried Jecaina, even though she had the much-needed break and Fetohep hadn’t been troubled yet in his one-sided war. Day by day, she and her forces retook Jecrass’ land—the portions not ceded already to Fetohep, that was—from what remained of Reim and Medain’s forces.
The King of Destruction had marched out of his fortress; Medain tried to put up a defense, but they were withdrawing too as Fetohep came on. Jecaina was busy explaining the situation to the people who were now in Khelt’s land, fortifying Medain’s border, and…recovering. Jecrass had been worn ragged, and like a horse that had faithfully borne its rider, it only collapsed to rest now that the danger was over.
