8.26 FK
Page 21
“Your Majesty, are you saying that you have no control over your subjects in Nerrhavia’s Fallen if members of your aristocracy can simply try to murder other people with Djinni? Let me be clear: Flos Reimarch may have an army, but the Djinni were sent on Cinaelu, your holiday, during an agreed-upon ceasefire when he wasn’t even near his army! This sounds like an assassination, and it sounds like you’re only ‘questioning’ Emira Sulaake? Her Djinni are shouting what they’re doing! It’s not very unclear to me.”
The [Queen]’s face went slack as everyone watched. Noass began banging on the door, but the staff had orders to keep him and Sir Relz out.
Possibly no one had spoken to Yisame like that since she was a child. Nor had Nerrhavia expected this. Her eyes flickered sideways to someone off-screen, and she replied.
“…Of course one cannot always prevent untoward actions in Nerrhavia’s Fallen, wide as it is. I misspoke; Emira Sulaake will be punished, as will all perpetrators. I do remind you, Reporter Drassi, that Djinni lie, so the truth must be established.”
Drassi nodded repeatedly, and then leaned in further. Yisame leaned back as if they were actually sitting in the same room.
“So—are you going to have her recall the Djinni? They’re about to attack.”
“Recall…?”
“Of course. If this is an illegal, untoward action, then Nerrhavia will surely recall the Djinni. Unless, by implication, you approve of this as a way to defeat the King of Destruction? I’d have expected they would be recalled the instant the news was heard of—or Sulaake threatened with imprisonment, or so on. Is that going to happen?”
“I—once an arrow is loosed, it cannot so easily be put back, Reporter Drassi.”
“But a Djinni’s not an arrow. Am I understanding you that you won’t be calling them back? Then, even if it was started by one of your subjects, this appears to be a state-sanctioned war crime. What would you like to say to that, Queen Yisame? Queen Yisame, hello?”
Drassi could not have known how broadly Rémi was smiling. She had to know how significant a moment this was, but credit to her, she just leaned forwards, intent, pressing Yisame as if she was a friend spouting stupidity over food in a restaurant.
Everyone got to see Yisame blinking, stuttering—before the scrying orb went dark. When it came back, a smiling, slightly upset [General] was sitting in a different spot.
“I believe there were interruptions with the spell, Reporter Drassi. I am [General]—”
“Where did Queen Yisame go? Technical difficulties? Wistram assures me we have a spotless connection. You dropped your end. War crimes, General. Fine then, let’s talk about war crimes. Will Nerrhavia be assassinating any other enemies with Djinni? How are we to believe you won’t if you break the rules whenever you see fit?”
The [General]’s face went slack, but at least it wasn’t Yisame. He glanced at the [Diplomat] and read the words; that was less satisfying. However, everyone had seen the Queen of Nerrhavia’s Fallen and Drassi.
Taken down.
 
—-
 
The interview’s politics mattered not one whit to war. The Djinni came upon Reim’s army without being recalled or slowed.
Takhatres’ tribe, the few that had come with him, and the army turned as three Djinni burst from the air. The growing cloud of Drenir had vanished an hour ago, much to the bafflement of the army led by Venith and Takhatres.
Now, the Djinni appeared. They had been invisible! A carpet crashed into the center of the marching [Soldiers] and a Djinni appeared.
