8.26 FK
Page 10
“Even if Fetohep of Khelt dies, the army doesn’t fall apart, your Majesty. You know that. All those undead…”
“They’ll break on walls, unled. You know what I mean.”
Perric interrupted and the Three of Arms nodded. He eyed his companion.
“It would have to be the right battle. Frankly, even if you marched every [Soldier] garrisoned here…I wouldn’t care to make an assault on him directly. You, Falcon?”
The Falcon of Medain had a personal title he’d bestowed on her, which had stuck, much to Perric’s delight. She nodded.
“You need to give us a better battlefield. Your Majesty. Sorry, but we’re taking the risks.”
“Of course, of course, Lady Frieke.”
He soothed her. He knew adventurers and they weren’t being unreasonable. He wished they’d fought earlier, but they were right in that Fetohep might go for them—and he hadn’t pushed the matter since he needed them for this to work.
Frieke of Medain was known as the Falcon because of the huge bird, the Seahawk, which was gnawing on a bone. Bigger than a normal eagle naturally, this one—Konska—was as famous as its owner.
The Falcon of Medain was an interesting mix of classes. No normal class for her; she was a [Hawkmaster] and a [Dungeon Conqueror]. It came of her desires; she hadn’t come to be an adventurer, but had been a [Treasure Seeker] first.
Anyways, she was able to fight with bow and blade, a superlative skirmisher and solo-fighter. However, like all adventurers, her strength wasn’t always…direct.
One of her trump cards that only Perric knew about was the Ring of Emergency Recall on her finger. The twin was on Konska’s talon. At will, either could teleport to the other. Frieke could appear high overhead and shoot arrows down at an enemy from hundreds of feet before using a [Lightweight] spell and having her hawk spirit her away.
Or escape from a sticky situation.
Two Named-ranks versus Fetohep. If they got him alone, Perric was convinced they had better-than-not chances of killing him. But Named-ranks didn’t get to their position by liking such odds.
“A proper battle. If I offer you that, I have your word?”
He repeated himself. The two adventurers exchanged another reluctant glance.
“We’d have to agree, your Majesty. We’ll bounce if it’s not to our liking.”
“Then I will ensure it is.”
That was all he wanted, The two Named-ranks eyed him, looking even warier, but they’d agreed and he intended to hold them to it.
[Royal Promise]. One of his Skills that ensured no one double-crossed him. High King Perric left them to their refreshments and hurried to his next meeting.
He wished he had time to visit his prisoner, but visiting would take too long and might leave him in a temper, when he needed to be at his most diplomatic. It was a shame, but Raelt was still defiant. Perric had even been forced to stop his people ‘working’ on Raelt. Just in case the worst came to pass.
Not torture. Not exactly. Perric was not a savage monster. Rather, he’d been trying to persuade Raelt. You did need to wear them down, but no breaking bones or anything savage. After some isolation, some hunger, you sent for female company and gave them the right things to drink. Perric wanted an ally and the King of Duels would have been a damned good one if his daughter wasn’t such a fool.
In another month he’d have had Raelt back on the throne and Jecrass under his thumb! Damn Fetohep and that girl!
Perric kept all of it off his face as he smiled and greeted the [Emissary]. The half-Elf rose and nodded to him, bowing slightly. She was a representative of the Claiven Earth, and had come at his behest.
“Friends.”
