8.26 FK
Page 27
Possibly only the fact that Drenir had been targeting Flos had saved them all. The move that could wipe out an army, even humble a Dragon, had its drawbacks. The heat and speed blinded even the Djinni.
He left a crater the size of a lake. Flos Reimarch survived—but he was thrown from his horse. He had only escaped the meteor by activating the [Lesser Teleport] scroll and a defensive artifact. He rose, a protective dove flying about him, a spectral guardian which had flitted from a ring he carried. It called out a single note—
Drenir rose, a being of stone and fire amongst the ash. He pointed and a bolt of lightning hit the dove. The shockwave made Flos’ ring explode on his finger, shredding his skin. He cursed, reached for his belt.
He vanished a second time as the Djinni’s second bolt of lightning flashed through the air. Flos appeared next to some of his riders, leapt into a saddle.
Drenir sighed. This was the trouble with fighting foes who had access to magic. He put both hands together, all seven fingers on each hand charging with lightning. The trick with the meteor tired even him; the lightning was him. That was how Djinni fought and cast magic; they created everything of themselves. Even so—
“[Hundredfold Stab]!”
Takhatres hit him from behind. His blades hammered Drenir’s back, punching in, cracking the tough form he had taken and piercing it. Drenir grunted, spun—
“[Sphere of Inner Reflection]!”
Esiela shrieked. The Grand Mage, still carried by Takhatres, cast the Tier 5 spell she’d been preparing. Drenir’s hands shot out—and crashed into the thin line in the air.
No fanciful magic; no distracting lights. No sound, either. No air…the next level of defensive spell to even Montressa’s best spells was made to shield a [Mage] from even higher-Tier spells. A Tier 7 mass-attack spell wouldn’t break it!
Drenir just began to expand, pressing at the insides of the spell trying to contain him. Takhatres ran after Flos as Hisaille and Seemutor slowed.
“Brother! Can we help—”
“Go. This will not hold me long.”
Already, Drenir was doing something. He had lost all form, like Hisaille could do. Yet the Nightair Djinni had never seen…he was changing. Become a gas…multiple types of gas that were reacting. Combusting—
Esiela stared as the internal forces already began to push at her spell. The other two Djinni were on Flos, Takhatres, and Teres, who found herself with the King of Destruction by a stroke of ill-luck in a moment.
“Someone take this [Mage]!”
Takhatres dropped Esiela and slashed at Hisaille. He jumped onto her carpet, drove both daggers into her chest—she was already mist. He ducked a dagger, and the other attacking from behind, then lashed out. She was laughing, and then activated one of the scrolls she possessed.
“Manticore! Summoned Manticore! Guard his Majesty!”
A [Rider] screamed. A glowing monster appeared and the [Soldiers] broke off. Teres lifted her sword, crying out as the monster dove at her.
Flos just sped onwards, glancing over his shoulder. Seemutor aimed a fiery arrow at him, but Esiela pointed up.
“[Extended Spell: Shield of Air]!”
The low-level Spell was weak. It couldn’t even stop one of Hisaille’s daggers, but here the Grand Mage proved she knew magic at least enough to fight. The shield blocked the arrow and it detonated in Seemutor’s face. He uttered a curse that rolled through the air, vibrating Teres’ bones as she hacked at the Manticore.
“Vexing pus-rotted Salash-get of a [Mage]—”
