8.26 FK
Page 22
Hisaille swept about her with the enchanted daggers, slashing through armor with a wickedly sharp blade that had a curved pattern, leaving cuts that wouldn’t heal. Blood ran faster from the injuries it left, bleeding even a weakly-cut wound with such profusion that men and women dropped dead within minutes if the blood was not staunched.
The second blade glowed like it had come fresh out of the forge. She drove it into a man’s chest and the heat cooked him from the inside. She lashed around, her dark blue skin and face already covered in blood, a frenzy of laughter.
The [Soldiers] of Reim were well-trained veterans. They whirled, stabbing at her, slashing—their blades pierced Hisaille’s body with no effect. An arrow shot through her head and stabbed out the other side.
She was mist! She was a dancing shadow that had no corporeality! To strike at her was to hit only air; when she replied, the two blades cut the [Soldiers] down.
“Block the blades! They’re real!”
An [Officer], a [Captain], surged towards her, holding an enchanted sword. He knocked one dagger down, and his blade flickered.
“[Cross Cut]!”
He slashed her, and the female Djinni cried out. The enchanted blade had cut her across the chest! She pivoted, as the sword whirled back to behead her—
Vanished. Her body just dispersed, and the [Captain] whirled. He turned, realizing he could track the daggers—
Too late. One slashed at him from the side and he deflected it, but the other stabbed him through the back. Hisaille reappeared, laughing, as the blast-heat of the dagger seared him and he fell without a word.
The cut was already closed on her chest. The other [Soldiers] scrambled back, fleeing her advance as they realized she could materialize and dissipate without end. Nor did the daggers have to connect with her body; she detached a hand trailing with mist and shot it through the neck of one of the archers before drawing it back.
“Hisaille! Not them!”
Seemutor called. The youngest Djinni looked up with a scowl, but the cat-Djinni hovered overhead, ignoring the arrows flying up at him. They passed through his body, and he wove, dodging the few enchanted ones. Then he loosed a blazing arrow which seared downwards and struck—
A barrier. Grand Mage Esiela had raised it just in time. She replied, angling her staff.
“[Siege Fireball]!”
The orb of flame shot upwards at dizzying speed. At first, Seemutor dodged, but it began to curve, tracking him. So he whirled, reached out, and—plucked the fire out of the spell.
It was like Eldavin had once shown the [Mages] of Wistram. A fiery strand untangled from the whirling ball of fire. Seemutor grabbed it, and somehow, drew it to his bow. He drew back as a fiery arrow appeared—
“Block it!”
Venith bellowed. A [Shieldbearer] threw up a shield and Venith pointed.
“[Mageward Shield]!”
The detonation of the arrow blew the soldiers off their feet, but they got up, dizzy, concussed—but alive. Seemutor ignored them as he spun through the air, shooting another arrow at the stationary Grand Mage. This time she sent lightning spiraling up at him—he blocked it with a palm, laughing.
“Is that all, Grand Magus? I have slain dozens of your kind!”
Venith stared up at the Djinni. There was no way for him to take the fight up. He would have gone after Hisaille—but she was coming to him.
“Guard the Grand Mage!”
He rode down on the Djinni. She misted to one side, struck at his horse, intending to slay the animal with her fiery dagger. She blinked as Venith leaned down and struck the dagger so hard it hit the ground. He slashed at her—she cried out.
