8.26 FK
Page 33
Her blacksmith’s garb was reinforced against the heat she had to work in; she could wear no lesser jewelry, not even bracelets or other adornments of her clan. In the heat she worked in, even that would melt. Her arms were strong, and she had the same fire that Maresar had always sought in her band of [Bandits], and now, [Soldiers]. Rebellion and spirit.
Where was it? Maresar gasped.
“The blade. Where is…?”
The promised weapon for the King of Destruction. Clan Tannousin had promised it would be made, and it had been worked on all this time. Surely…surely…even if it was not done…?
For answer, Nawalishifra simply held something up. She looked pale. Sick.
She had not expected this. The [Blacksmith] had been prepared for the King of Destruction’s ire. Ere his return, she had convinced herself to tell him, to beg an audience first thing and confess the truth. Her clan had thrown the blame on her shoulders.
Even though…Maresar stared down, horrified. The huge ingot of metal, the glowing Naq-Alrama alloy shone in the sun.
So many things were wrong. It should not have been in sunlight! That ruined the metal if it wasn’t finished forging! And worse—
It was still in an ingot form. A block of metal.
“What is this—”
She began furiously, outraged. Until her eyes saw the obvious. The—crack running down the pure ingot. The flaw in the prepared materials.
Nawalishifra’s eyes held tears. But she had wept them all. She had helped make this—but helped. This was the last act of her father, the great [Naq-Alrama Smith] of Clan Tannousin. His last action had not been a great one, his legacy for his people.
Flaw. A single flaw, perhaps more. That was enough. No one could make anything with this.
It was…worthless. She had been prepared for the King of Destruction’s understandable fury, after all he had lauded and hosted Clan Tannousin. That they would rely on the missing blade?
“You said nothing.”
That was all Maresar said. Nawalishifra stared up at the [Bandit Lord]. Maresar looked at the other ingots, sitting hardened, worthless in the sun. No one had helped Nawal carry them out here. Clan Tannousin was hiding.
“I—I was making another. I gathered the ingredients, enough. I was making more, to replace what was ruined.”
Nawal said quietly. Almost hesitantly, unlike every other time she had ever spoken. She looked up at Maresar, pleading.
“I thought I could do that. I didn’t know it was needed.”
The [Bandit Lord] just looked at her. She stared at the ingot. It was something. Use it. Her mind babbled at her. Flos was returning and without a weapon—
“Can we at least use that? It’s still Naq-Alrama steel, flawed or not! It should be hard as diamonds!”
The [Blacksmith] gave Maresar a broken smile.
“It is.”
“Then—”
The young woman dropped the ingot. It landed, tumbling, striking the ground at an angle. And—cracked.
Maresar saw it break, like a gemstone. No—like a diamond. Hard as a diamond. Without any of metal’s strength. The pieces landed on the ground and Maresar looked at Nawalishifra. The [Blacksmith] turned.
In the distance there was lightning. A cloud like darkness, spreading after fleeing figures. She heard shouts, cheers, even. Cries.
He was coming, fleeing the poison cloud, the three Djinni. Maresar dismounted from her horse. Nawal?
She began to walk, slowly. To meet the King of Destruction.
 
—-
 
The [Knights] struck Khelt’s lines like a hammer. There were no members of the Order of Seasons in this first wave; only Spring Knights had been sent, and a paltry few at that. These? These were the best.
