8.26 FK
Page 30
She turned to him, humbly. The half-Elf blinked his eyes. Rheumy, for all he was half-immortal.
“Undead. Oh, I tire of them. Again and again…one spell.”
“One spell. Please, Elder.”
He grumbled. The half-Elf put his hands together and began to chant. An old style of magic.
“Thou willest look up and see/Look up and come to me. Sweet Mother of the Sea…”
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt noticed the magic in the air. More than the Gold-rank adventurers. He turned, spotted the distant half-Elf like a blaze of fire among sparks.
“Target that [Mage]!”
He snapped, and every bow in the army turned. The [General of Bows] flung herself forwards as tens of thousands of arrows, javelins, all hammered down towards them.
“Elder—”
The projectiles bounced off the air around the old half-Elf. He blinked at the armored woman lying on him.
“Get off. I have to start over, now.”
Grumbling, he pushed her off. Shame-faced, the [General] got up. Fetohep pointed.
“Scourge Forerunner, I want that caster dead.”
Lines of undead riders broke off from their clashes with Medain, harrying the enemy army and running down the half-Elf lines and converged.
 
—-
 
High King Perric watched, almost relieved the pressure was off, but concerned for the caster. He looked up as someone burst through his lines, demanding an immediate audience.
“Who the hell is—”
He reached for his weapon, nervous, wondering if this was some ploy, but stopped with the two Named Adventurers.
Three of Arms and the Falcon of Medain saw a grey-haired woman halt in front of them. She wore a striking set of green-and-light-purple armor, which looked almost natural, for all it was made of metal. She had ridden straight through the Human’s lines.
“Perric of Medain. The Claiven Earth have sent me to fulfill our oath of alliance for this battle. However. We will not bleed the forests dry of our people. Give me a company of a thousand [Riders].”
“Who in the name of Selphid’s tits are you? Do you know—”
The Falcon of Medain and her hawk were angry. Perric held out a hand. He spoke, breathlessly, eyes fixed on the woman’s face.
“I will have my finest heavy cavalry join you—”
“No. A thousand regular [Riders] is best.”
The woman interjected. She glanced impatiently over her shoulder.
“Now. Khelt is moving.”
The Falcon of Medain had never known anyone to get away with speaking to Perric like that. However, he snatched up a speaking stone and barked into it.
“Of—of course. 4th Light Mounted, follow the command of any half-Elf that commands you. No—Ierwyn! Commander Ierwyn of the Claiven Earth!”
The grey-haired half-Elf raised her brows. She nodded at Perric.
“Thank you.”
She was gone before the bewildered acknowledgement came through. The Falcon of Medain looked at the Three of Arms and the High King, astonished.
“Who was that? Some old half-Elf swans in here and—”
“Hush your tongue, Frieke. You just saw a living legend.”
Requiel breathed. He looked at Perric. The High King looked just as impressed.
“I thought she was dead. Certainly in retirement—”
The half-Elf [Commander] rode towards 4th Light Mounted. Far from the most exalted force in Medain’s army.
It suited her purposes just fine. The [Captain of the Charge] was bewildered. Nor did his [Riders] look favorably on the old foe of a half-Elf leading them. Oh, they’d probably listen, but she had never drilled with them. They didn’t know her style, and they were far from veterans.
It didn’t matter. Ierwyn spoke, briskly.
“Follow me, Humans! We ride to battle!”
