8.26 FK
Page 13
How that boiled. How that irked the half-Elves. No—irked was too small a word. This was why Areis considered Perric’s offer.
They had all seen the Village of the Dead’s raid. They had seen the horrors of the undead, and now one of the only nations in the world where necromancy ruled in strength was on the attack. Fetohep was too strong. If he did turn against the Claiven Earth and they stood alone…
It was about horror. Undead! The half-Elves were unable to simply let nightmares slide. Perhaps when they were buried farther off, under sand, sleeping. Now?
She met High King Perric’s gaze and sighed. If it were just Medain, she would have happily let him rot. She never told Perric that the reason she had been assigned the posting in Medain was not because she was a high-level [Emissary]. She hadn’t even gotten the class until she’d been posted here.
Areis had simply…gotten in trouble…for a habit picked up over decades, well, nearly a century of being a [Vintner]. Part of her punishment for numerous crimes of disorderly intoxication had been diplomatic duty to the most-hated [King] in the region. Even if they had the class, few half-Elves could tolerate the insult that was Perric unless ordered.
She really needed another drink. But first—she gave Perric his answer.
 
—-
 
The instant the King of Destruction received word the Djinni were on attack, he broke off from the pleasantries with the String Folk [General] on Cinaelu.
No questions were asked whether this was a trap; Teres thought the [General] looked stunned. Nor was there time.
“To the horses! We ride for Reim. Get the army moving!”
Flos roared. He looked as intense as she had ever seen him. Teres scrambled into her saddle as Takhatres disappeared, sprinting to warn the camp in person.
“Flos! How do we know it’s an attack?”
“Three Djinni, just happening to fly our way? Seems like an attack to me! We’re dead if they catch us alone, your Majesty.”
“Takhatres can speed them. So can I. I’ll join the army and catch them—your Majesty, [Rapid March]. We’ll meet you. Teres—guard him with your life.”
Venith looked at Maresar, and then was galloping after Takhatres. Teres found herself riding with their small escort.
The King of Destruction and Maresar had movement Skills and they could make the ground blur beneath them, but the Djinni had apparently crossed most of Nerrhavia in hours.
“Are we certain they’re after you? I thought you told me Djinni aren’t allowed to be used to assassinate people!”
“I did, but I have known many who break the laws of war. They are used in battle—rarely. As for how I know? Here!”
Flos tossed his little scrying…marble…at Teres. She caught it, fumbling, and realized that whomever had sent the Djinni had worded their instructions poorly.
Three flew through the air, two carrying magical weapons, the last a flying cloud shaped like a Garuda, only with multiple sets of wings as well as their normal ones. The other two looked like exotic Humans, augmented with animalistic parts.
Like demigods from some kind of myth. Teres’ blood chilled, but then she heard the shouting.
“We fly to slay the King of Destruction! So ordered! So commanded by our masters!”
The female Djinni shouted happily, brandishing twin daggers. The largest kept silent, but the other, a Human with a cat’s face for some reason, bellowed as well.
“Merchant Almon, Emira Sulaake of Aeresuth, and the Escrite family order us to kill the King of Destruction for their glory! If you want quality goods, consider Merchant Almon’s Roads of Jade, which provide excellent service across Nerrhavia’s Fallen!”
