8.26 FK
Page 25
Not the boom, boom, of war drums, but faster, a ratta-tat-tat. It was joined by the clash of cymbals, even horns. What kind of a strange signal to war was this? Only a few people had ever seen Khelt do war. Fascinated, the [General of Bows] stared. She turned to one of the two half-Elves waiting with her. Well, the two who mattered.
“What is this, do you know, Elders? Are they adopting an unknown formation?”
The two half-Elves looked up. They’d been resting. One of them, a woman, glanced at Khelt. She snorted.
“Unknown formation? Tree rot, girl. Look.”
Fetohep of Khelt’s intention became plain. The [Soldiers] moved, revealing the heart of his command; High King Perric’s eyes bulged.
The golden palanquin on the back of the Jaw of Zeikhal had been detached. Rather than sending the great undead forwards, Fetohep had placed the palanquin in his command center. Now—he was resting on a royal couch, reclining, propping his head up on one arm as a band of undead musicians played around him.
He even had a fan. He was waving it gently, as if he were actually alive and could feel the air on his face. That damned—that—that—
Perric gobbled as the King of Khelt reclined, playing music. The half-Elf’s barrage of arrows faltered; then redoubled as if in outrage. And Khelt…held…still.
Undead soldiers marched forwards, replacing their comrades who were blown apart without batting an eye. Fetohep just relaxed, watching his enemies with every impression of amusement.
“If the Claiven Earth would like to try to spend arrows to slay Khelt’s legions, let them. I shall wait until they fire every arrow ever fashioned—then slaughter them at my leisure.”
He informed his amused, awed living subordinates. Moreover, this was more strategy than just insulting his opponents, although a good leader did both.
The rank-and-file undead were being destroyed, but even now, a few were getting up, reassembling. So much death magic meant that Khelt’s legions were…repairing themselves. They were still being destroyed by the arrows, but it was as Fetohep said. He would let the expendable undead be destroyed a thousand times, rather than risk the living or greater ones.
High King Perric would not suffer this insult long. Know thine enemy. Fetohep knew his mortal opponents. Moreover—he raised a hand.
He was a Revenant. He had been a [Warrior], so many Skills were limited to close-combat, but he had fought for Khelt in an age most had forgotten.
“[Summon: Company of Khelt].”
He invoked one of his Skills. Three hundred skeletal warriors rose from the ground and marched into place. Fetohep visibly saw the volleys slow as the [General of Bows] gave an order. There was nothing for it.
Medain came forwards as Perric, enraged, ordered an attack. The half-Elves moved in closer, so as to strike at Fetohep and his valuable undead.
“So much for bait. The High King had not the patience to wait even twenty minutes. You fight on my ground, fools.”
Fetohep rose, retrieving his halberd as the attack began in earnest. The [Knights]…he thought about his words to Jecaina. He could well turn his enemy’s aspirations on their heads.
The rank-and-file mattered very little to him. Their best warriors, the High King? They were his threats. Fetohep’s golden gaze swept the battlefield. He ignored Medain’s heavy cavalry as they charged at his pikes, then broke off, letting the foot soldiers in steel armor push forwards, circling for an opening.
