8.27
Page 13
It was a powerful promise. Mrsha looked up at Pawn, appreciating it. She had a new regard for the Antinium. Not that she liked him more—but perhaps she respected him, despite their animosity. And perhaps that did mean liking him a bit. Just a tiny bit. She thought, as Pawn rummaged in his belt pouch for money and a tip, then held out a card.
There is one thing you can do for me, Pawn.
He glanced at her.
“Yes?”
She wrote her request.
Give me cookies.
Pawn stared at the note. Mrsha met his gaze, deadly earnest. Imani and Ishkr guarded the kitchen like the most zealous protectors of a treasury. She waited, expecting the [Priest] to refuse.
Instead, Pawn just nodded, walked into the kitchen, and came out with cookies. He gave Mrsha five. Her eyes went round at the five, each a different flavor.
For me? Really?
She signed, and Pawn nodded. He let her gobble, furtively watching for rogue Ishkrs, but he didn’t even glance their way. Pawn explained his reasoning as Mrsha happily devoured the desserts.
“Cookies exist to be eaten. You should not eat too many, but I see no harm in giving you some.”
Mrsha decided this Pawn fellow was alright, after all. He had dubious designs on her own relationships, and he was objectionably direct, but he could deliver dessert where it counted. She saw Pawn smile, and then he spoke.
“I will tell Ishkr, of course, that you have had a satisfactory amount of dessert. You cannot have too many sweets, or so Lyonette says. And it is not good to lie.”
The little Gnoll stopped, mid-chew. Her smile turned sour. Her eyes rose to meet Pawn’s calm gaze. She gave him a narrow look which he calmly met.
It seemed they were destined to be mortal enemies. So the little meeting went, on the heels of bad news from Oteslia. However. It was still a time for choices.
A time for relationships. Distant, acrimonious…
Or even those about to end. Those on the brink. A decision had to be made. For everything was…falling apart.
 
—-
 
I’m going to rest I’m going to sleep
I’m going to cry I’m going to weep
I’m going to look out over the sea
Where there’s nothing left of you and me.
            — Rufelt Owelt, [Bartender].
 
As poems went—it was not the kind of thing that would adorn the history books of fine poetry. It probably wasn’t even good.
He only wished…it would make her laugh again. The Gnoll’s quill scratched in the silence, yet he did not think he would show it to her.
Not anymore. Perhaps not ever.
Rufelt felt a pang in his chest. It joined the pain in his stomach, the fear and trepidation and terrible longing. Destruction, absolute, rampaged through him, just emotion, but with such intensity that his body was beginning to break along with his heart.
He sat at an empty bar. There was a bit of dust on the surface. He’d have never allowed that. Not normally. But Tails and Scales was closed. They’d open, maybe, in a bit, but the regulars weren’t there.
The spirit wasn’t there, and their guests noticed. It had been packed the first few days when Lasica returned, but it had soured, like beer.
Everything was falling apart. The business. And…Rufelt and Lasica themselves.
If he showed this poem to her, what would she say? She’d told him his little poems, far from impressing, were just annoying.
Annoying. That hurt. That stung. It wasn’t just that Lasica said it, it was how she said it. She could be direct, but they made up, laughed about it.
There was nothing like that now. It was like being cut. Rufelt recalled what he’d said back and felt the pain intensify.
