8.27
Page 2
“It doesn’t? It does to me, because there is precedent! Old, but there. We have at least four studies we’re trying to find more data on—old records of adventurers surviving freezing by Ice Dragon breath, or similar spells. Even someone who was frozen in a block of ice but later thawed by a [Sage].”
“That—!”
Dromenl was nodding.
“Not the same, given poison, but we have progress, Miss Lion. We just need to run down each option. If you are leaving, does that mean you won’t require checkups?”
Lyonette shook her head instantly.
“Not at all. Weekly at minimum, [Researcher]! I need you to send updates to Liscor, The Wandering Inn. The Mage’s Guild will know me. I’ll be back within a week or two, but I have to return. Will you have more progress by then? This is excellent, thank you for your hard work.”
Knowing the poison was valuable, but Dromenl could only shrug rather than reassure Lyonette.
“These things come in leaps and bounds or slow stretches, Miss Solstice. Not predictable at all. However…”
He chewed on one lip.
“I hesitate to mention this, but your down payment won’t last for the entire duration. We’ll need more funding over time. I’d ideally like a sample of the ice or even tissue…I know that’s extreme. Maybe just the same spells used, so we can duplicate it on testing subjects? But ah, financially, are we secure on this project?”
Lyonette hesitated for just a second, although she did have quite a bit of gold—just perhaps not for an entire [Researcher] team? However, Saliss interrupted both.
“Money? How about this?”
The Drake slapped a copper coin on the table in front of them. Lyonette and Dromenl stared at it. Saliss looked at their faces, then reached into his bag of holding and slapped five more down.
He met Dromenl’s gaze.
“There’s more of that if you keep bothering me about money. Literally. I will dump two thousand copper coins down and make you clean it up. She’s good for money.”
“If a Named Adventurer is vouching for you…very well.”
Dromenl pushed the coins back towards Saliss. The Drake happily flicked them onto the carpet. Dromenl sighed.
“Very well, Miss Solstice. It’s back to work for us. Fissival is sending some of our notes via teleportation—two have to be transported by Courier, given the fragility of the information—we will communicate with you in seven days, sooner if we have a breakthrough…can we arrange the Merchant’s Guild to pay and communicate extraneous costs? Adventurer Saliss, please stop throwing copper coins on the ground! Please?”
And that was that. Lyonette bade farewell to Saliss as Wilovan and Ratici walked with her to the waiting coach. It was anticlimactic, but she’d be back.
“Maybe with Mrsha. Or not…I was stabbed.”
“Eh, you get stabbed everywhere. I can get stabbed on my way to the toilet. Don’t worry, I’ll check in too and kick their tails if they slack off.”
“So you are staying?”
The [Alchemist] grinned; he’d put on pants and even clothing to help her leave in peace, a heavy imposition, but one he’d agreed to. He adjusted the hat he’d insisted on wearing as part of the ‘disguise’. It still made him noticeable, but Lyonette had to admit that even a bright yellow hat and garish clothing still made everyone assume the peculiarly-dressed Drake was anyone other than Saliss of Lights.
“Eh, I need more ingredients and the Faerie Flowers are being researched here. Might as well stay; Xif needs someone to bother him. Be seeing you.”
