8.27
Page 40
“Don’t you blame me?”
“For what?”
“For losing…I tried to fight it. The magic. I tried, Rufelt.”
He threw his arms around her.
“You thought that? Never. How could I…? Not for a moment. It wasn’t your fault.”
A sob came out of her throat. Lasica held Rufelt. It felt like months since that had happened. Suddenly—Rufelt was holding his wife again. Not a stranger.
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault. Don’t go.”
“I was never going to go. I just—”
Their audience was forgotten. The two stood there, telling each other the truth. Like a dam bursting. Animosity gone. It was grieving all over again. But this time—Rufelt closed his eyes and sniffed. This time it was grieving together.
The Stitch Witch had failed to tear them apart. She had failed, because of a single moment. The moment when they finally looked at each other. It had been so close, but she had failed, despite her countless years of expertise and cunning.
She had failed. 
Belavierr didn’t like failing.
 
—-
 
The portal door was abandoned as Liska and Ishkr were told of the threat. Amid Rufelt and Lasica’s reunion and triumph, the inn was alerted to the danger.
There was a Gnoll out there with white fur. He was coming for Mrsha. Wanderer watched the inn from afar and cursed. He turned his head.
He was out of time. They were watching the wrong person.
The true hunters had arrived.
 
—-
 
There were eighteen of them. Not eight. Not four. Not a small number. Nor were they weak. The Plain’s Eye played no games themselves.
“We’re in place. Tell the [Shaman].”
Their leader checked the inn from the vantage spot. The rest of the eighteen were approaching from multiple angles. He crouched in the grass, nigh-invisible next to the Gnoll with the furthest range. A longbow, enchanted.
One of the [Shamanic Warriors] traced a marking on his fur and it glowed. It would transmit the magic they shared back to their tribe.
Just a single message that didn’t work the way regular magic did. Undetectable to the Walled Cities.
A [Witch] heard it, but she was busy.
“The inn.”
Their [Hunt Leader] murmured. They knew where their quarry was. It had taken some travel, to reach here via the roads instead of the door. But then—they were Plains Gnolls and didn’t trust Pallass to let them in or out.
Especially not with what they had come to do. They would not pass a truth stone test asking them if they intended violence. They had come here for one purpose.
They were Doomslayers.
“Eyes on the Doombringer?”
The other Gnolls saw nothing—yet. The Gnoll with the enchanted bow could hit the inn from this range, even a thousand paces away. They had the right Skills. And they were cautious. They replied, using a different magic than speaking stones. Each one was a warrior imbued with the magic of Gnolls. Tribal magic.
“Not from my angle.”
Another Gnoll spoke, voice a growl.
“There’s something in the tower. An…Antinium. I think it’s seen me.”
A pause. The Gnolls tensed. The one with the bow looked at the [Hunt Leader] and he lifted a furry finger.
“Danger?”
“It’s waving. It thinks I’m a [Hunter]. Moving off.”
The Gnolls untensed. The [Hunt Leader] stared, his enhanced eyes spotting the figure in the tower.
“It’s watching you. Keep hunting. Kill something.”
“I see Doom.”
The others froze. One of the Gnolls had seen Mrsha in the common room padding towards a glowing hole in the wall. She hissed at the others. The [Hunt Leader]’s voice was steady.
“Do you have a shot?”
“Yes. No. The windows look reinforced. I don’t think [Piercing Shot] can go in.”
The Plain’s Eye Gnolls exhaled in frustration. The [Hunt Leader] spoke.
