8.27
Page 8
The pink carriage of Magnolia Reinhart. It stormed towards the Drakes and Humans, faster than even the Drakes riding down on them from the north. Reynold bore down on all those fighting, and came to a stop, door already open.
“Get in.”
No compliments from the [Combat Butler], no polite greeting; Lyonette piled in with Wilovan and Ratici. Saliss turned.
“Tessa, get in there!”
He thrust her back. The Sharkcaptain looked up, snarling.
“I knew it! You—”
He stabbed. Reynold turned and the carriage slammed into him side-long, and the two Named Adventurers leapt inside. The Sharkcaptain stabbed the coach from the side as he was knocked back; the spear left a mark, but that was all. Then the pink carriage was racing towards the last gate open in Oteslia. Only then did Saliss breathe out.
Everyone was safe. Everyone was alive. Except…for six poor Drakes he’d just killed. Six, because of stupid pride and armies. He realized their blood was on his scales.
Some days Saliss hated Saliss more than others.
 
—-
 
That one incident had caused almost as many problems as Zeres’ army. Ilvriss and Magnolia both met the [Princess] and two Named Adventurers as they poured out of the carriage, and Oteslia was fully locked down. Neither one spoke to the other; Ilvriss eyed Magnolia, and Ressa and Osthia exchanged appraising looks that Osthia was afraid she got the worst of.
Unfortunately, it was done. Zeres’ army had clashed with representatives of Pallass, Salazsar, and Magnolia Reinhart’s people. Six Drakes were dead.
Recriminations could come later. Lyonette stumbled towards the waiting Wall Lord and [Lady].
“I just wanted to go back. Why are they here? Why now?”
She was almost weeping, she was so angry and distraught. Magnolia pursed her lips, staring towards the army behind the gates. Ilvriss was striding towards Saliss and Shriekblade.
“My dear, I fear—”
Ratici was getting out of the carriage too, feeling at the cuts from that Drake’s aura. He’d seldom tangled with a foe who could cut him just by being in the same area! He also felt, instinctively, that his and Wilovan’s presence hadn’t helped Lyonette at all. But for them, she might have never come to this. The [Gentleman Thief] was remonstrating with himself when his head snapped up.
“Watch out!”
Too late. Ratici threw himself forwards at the same time as Ressa, Shriekblade, and Saliss, a beat behind them, reacted. Lyonette looked up as death shot at her, Magnolia, and Ilvriss.
Six projectiles, two magic, four blades flashed out of the crowd, from windows, and even from the top of Oteslia’s walls themselves. One actual arrow, two bolts, and one, a blown needle. A bolt of lightning and a [Fireball] spell. Each one soaring at the cluster of individuals standing together.
Not a one made it. Ratici grabbed both bolts out of the sky, twisting to block Lyonette with his body. Ressa made a quick gesture and both magic spells vanished as they hit an invisible barrier in the air. Shriekblade slashed the arrow in half and turned. But the needle—
“Ow.”
Saliss blocked the needle with one claw. He frowned down at it, as it quivered, stuck between his scales. It had struck him, drawing blood. Everyone whirled and he winced, then pulled it out. He waved it in front of Lyonette’s shocked face, and grinned at her.
“Good thing it was me. Poison’s nasty on other people. Oh, wait. It’s acidic. Never mind. Still okay.”
