8.27
Page 44
“I force no one to agree by spell, Lasica Owelt. I do not twist their minds or tongues to agree, for that is against my craft. Such promises secured by magic are worth nothing. Of course I persuade. I have shown you what may be. All those who make pacts do such things.”
“That’s fair?”
Rufelt was incredulous. Belavierr nodded once.
“You are free to choose. That is the basic law of all fair bargains.”
He laughed at her, voice shaking.
“I—I don’t care for your rules, Belavierr. There’s more to fairness than being unimpeded by magic or Skills! You twisted our minds. We’re free of that.”
A frown crossed her face.
“You would not have chosen this of your own accord. Someone interfered. Come. Let us speak further. Grant me a moment to change your minds.”
She bent down, reaching out. Rufelt made to shield Lasica and she dragged him back with a cry. They stumbled, and Belavierr reached out. Her fingers scythed gently through the air, clutching, grasping—
And ran into an invisible wall. Belavierr stopped. Rufelt gasped. Lasica blinked and they looked around.
They were in the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Mrsha wiped at her brow with a trembling paw. She’d moved the door behind them! She smiled—then saw the [Witch] staring down at her.
“Is this where you changed your mind? I haven’t seen this garden in a long time. How. Strange. How…unpleasant.”
If possible, she seemed to grow angrier yet. Belavierr looked around.
“I feel fire. Someone familiar stood here. Rufelt. Lasica. Come out.”
She pressed her hands against the invisible barrier. Both Gnoll and Drake retreated. Belavierr spoke to them.
“The Garden is changing your mind. Come out. Let us talk. I am prepared. You could hold your daughter tonight.”
They shuddered. They quailed as something pressed against the garden’s barrier. Mrsha looked up and screamed.
Belavierr had changed. The garden had revealed something. No woman stood there, pressing in, demanding their presence. Mrsha screamed and the inn was ringing with sound, chaos. It had come again. Disaster! Doom! Belavierr made a sound and the Goblin leapt.
He did not know her. He did not know what was happening. But he had waited. Waited, for this day. For when he was needed. Numbtongue leapt through the doorway and planted the crystal sword in Belavierr’s chest. The blade pierced through her dress, through her ribs and came out the other side.
Belavierr staggered back, and her eyes opened wide. She stumbled, stepping backwards, as the glowing sword forged by a master of smiths ran her through. She stood in the inn as Numbtongue held the sword, twisting it slowly in her chest. The [Bard] stared the [Witch] in the eye. She stared at him, wide-eyed. Then—slowly—her face contorted into a look of malice.
“Oh no.”
Niers Astoragon breathed. He leapt from the ceiling as Rags drew her crossbow and loaded a flaming bolt. The Brothers charged out of the hallway as all three [Mages] lifted their wands. Wanderer burst into the room, as Numbtongue’s eyes widened. He drew the sword out, seeing it emerge, bloodless, and swung it in a second killing blow, towards her neck. Belavierr saw it all, and the abyssal rings in her eyes pulsated.
As if the entire room were one…layer. One level of reality. She spoke, as the sword curved towards her neck. As Mrsha, Lasica, and Rufelt saw the defenders of the inn charging at her, Niers, Apista, Ulvama, Palt, and more.
The brave Fortress Beavers as one rushed to flee upstairs exiting the garden, the only sensible beings. The sword sliced towards the [Witch]’s neck. Too late. The wrong weapon.
