8.27
Page 19
Niers tried to soothe her worries. He pointed to Apista and drew a little container out of his bag of holding and waved it at Mrsha. The price of him helping with the Thronebearers prank; they were still visiting the inn, preparing to head south for Lyonette, securing passports and papers.
“All I need is enough invisibility potion and a few other of your [Alchemist]’s goods. Frankly, it’s not ideal, but it will be for stealth alone. We’ll head to a port. It will take weeks, maybe, even if Apista can fly as fast as a raven, depending on whether we run into pursuit, but they can’t tell where I’m headed. Not with the door.”
Mrsha looked at Apista, desperately wanting to refuse and knowing this was the option Niers had chosen because it was safest. What did Apista think? Was she willing to do this? Was she even aware of what it meant?
Apista saluted Mrsha with one antennae. She had to do her part! Besides, a bee had to fly. If this helped the white Gnoll or Lyonette, she was willing to let the weird little man tell her where to go.
Niers smiled wearily as Mrsha looked at him. She was distraught. So was he, in a way. The grand adventure was being curtailed. Curtailed by pettiness and reality and…death. He looked at her, gently speaking.
“I’m…not willing to risk your life. Nor can I stick about forever, as fascinating as it is. If I return? I promise I will, but when I’m not putting my company at risk.”
She nodded at last. Mrsha sniffed, and Niers patted her paw.
“I’ll be back. And I’m not going tonight. One more day. I’ll make my arrangements. And there’s something I’d like to do. Listen, can you get me into the [Alchemist]’s shop again?”
Mrsha nodded. Niers was already getting on Apista’s back. He buzzed out the door, and she made to follow. Mrsha looked out the window, wondering if she would see Apista before Lyonette. Why did they have to go? They all promised to come back. She hated how they lied and told her it would be safer. Take her with them. She didn’t want to be alone.
The little girl rested her head against the glass. Then rose to follow Niers. However, Mrsha halted.
“Mrsha? Mrsha, come on! I need you to open doors! Don’t get sad, my little helper!”
Niers buzzed back five minutes later, impatient, trying to raise the girl’s spirits. He really wasn’t a child-person. Worse than Foliana—okay, maybe not. Then again, she could be nicer.
Mrsha was at the window still. She jumped and turned, and then began to pad after Niers. She wavered and looked back.
Had she missed it? She was reluctant to tell Niers, because when she’d looked back, it was gone, despite her searching. Maybe it was just a trick of the light, or her seeing one of the [Hunters] or so on wrong. It was just…
She could have sworn, for a second, she’d seen something out in the Floodplains of Liscor. A figure, staring at her. Then it had vanished. Nothing strange about that; there were plenty of people who left the city. Only, it had been unique. She could have sworn she’d seen…
A white Gnoll.
 
—-
 
Somehow, Rufelt left his bar and found himself wandering Pallass. He didn’t know why, only that at some point even his mental loop of misery and confusion impelled him out of that dark place.
Still, it seemed the City of Inventions had lost its spark for the Gnoll. He walked around in a haze. The sun shone, but it was not comforting. It was hot, not warm. Bright, not light.
