8.27
Page 36
Six Brothers with her, and four more in the inn. Crimshaw didn’t play games, as Mrsha had known. He’d called for backup.
The sight of six men with hats would have alarmed any [Guard] who saw them. But Mrsha didn’t see them. All six had vanished into hiding places. She couldn’t even smell them, they were that good.
The plan was simple. If there was a Gnoll or apparition stalking Mrsha, bait him out. Mrsha would play with the other kids, alone, and wait to spot him. The Brothers would be waiting and watching too.
It was a simple plan, and Mrsha felt safe with the Brothers. She was still apprehensive as she pretended to play around, though. She kept staring about, looking for a glimpse of that white Gnoll as before.
It had been nearly every fifteen minutes near the end. The Gnoll had always just been…standing there. Looking at her. Smiling. Waving. Pointing at his fur and hers.
As if to say—‘look, we’re the same’. Mrsha had been curious. And—nervous. She remembered all too well what strange furry people did. It reminded her of the Raskghar.
White Gnolls. Were there more than her? That Gnoll that the King of Destruction had saved had gained white fur too. Mrsha had never…really thought about it. She supposed it had to be rare. After all—the Tribes didn’t like Gnolls with white fur.
She made a sand castle and peeked around it. The street was full of people, Gnolls, Drakes, and Humans now, dropping kids off to play in this safe area, going to work…she looked around.
White Gnoll. White Gnoll…all she saw was her reflection on a metal slide. No white Gnoll appeared.
Mrsha began to feel uncertain. Was it just her imagination? No—she determinedly ran around the playground, looking for a glimpse of her pursuer. There! No? There!
No white Gnoll appeared. Mrsha waited. First fifteen minutes—then she leapt on the high-up swings, fell, let the magic enchantment save her from falling, played tag, then soccer—
Thirty minutes passed. Then an hour. Then an hour and a half. At that point, Mrsha was tired and upset.
It had been in her mind! She went to the edge of the playground and Crimshaw stepped out of an alleyway like a shadow himself. Mrsha looked up at him, ready to cry. She had to apologize. There was no white Gnoll and the only people who had believed her were going to think she was a stinking liar.
She hung her head as the other five Brothers emerged. Crimshaw smiled and ignored a suspicious parent’s look.
“All done, Miss Mrsha? Let’s get you back to the inn, then.”
All six walked around Mrsha. She tried to write, realizing they couldn’t sign. Mrsha sniffed as she handed up a note to Crimshaw.
I didn’t see anyone. I’m sorry. I thought there was someone! Did you see anyone?
Crimshaw read the note and glanced around.
“I saw no one and nothing. You fellows? I reckon you would’ve raised some commotion if you had done.”
“Not I.”
“No unusual fellow. A few [Thieves]—nothing else.”
All five confirmed. They had seen nothing and no one. Mrsha hung her head. The Brothers walked around her, strolling back to the inn. Crimshaw smiled as he tucked the note into his pocket.
“So there you have it. We saw nothin’ and no one, Miss Mrsha. A damned fool I was for suggesting this outing.”
Mrsha hung her head lower. The Brother slowed, seeing her sniff and bent low. He looked down at Mrsha.
“Don’t slow. You were right. Hurry up. Casual now.”
Mrsha’s head rose. Crimshaw’s eyes were kind—and serious. He met her gaze.
“A damned fool. Back to the inn. Quick-like. Not too fast, though.”
