8.27
Page 31
The Drake had figured out the different buttons. Power, volume…she had investigated each port and seen how the casing could be taken off. What had stumped her, though, was the workings itself. She stared down at the glowing, by now, familiar writing on the screen.
“iPhone is disabled. Try again in 5 minutes. What. Does. That. Mean?”
The word was unfamiliar. She tapped at the screen, then went and wrote down yet another series of four digits. She had tried nearly a hundred codes, and she remembered to turn the device off. She glowered at it.
The numbers in the upper right and that strange…jar…kept going down. It was running out of something. Power. Not magic. She’d covertly tried to get it filled up, like an item with magic, but her mana stones didn’t work.
She had tried everything. Everything available to her in secret. Salkis was no [Mage]; she was exceptionally good with the twin daggers she carried, but she had no magic of her own so her options were limited. Especially because she was smart enough not to show the device to anyone.
She had managed to keep it charged by figuring out the [Repair] trick—after hurling it at a wall in fury. Yet Salkis still didn’t understand why it wasn’t magical if it could light up. She didn’t know what the material was made of, and how a City Runner could have come into possession of this.
Salkis flopped onto her bed, exasperated. And bored.
Bored, bored, bored. She knew her father and mother were discussing the ‘Human issue’, and Salkis could participate as the demure daughter of House Blackwing, even talk to their obnoxious uncle, General Edellein—she could go for a visit, buy something with her allowance—she wanted none of that.
Life was boring unless it was filled with blood, risking your life! Yet she could only creep away from her family on rare occasions, trick them. And only when the Bloodfeast was called. It hadn’t been called for a while; she might not have been close enough to the other attacks. So, Salkis was bored.
Oh, there were…ways…for a young woman like herself to find entertainment. That was how the Bloodfeast Raiders had first found her. Salkis had found a lot of Pallass’ underground entertainments. Ironically, she’d been more free back then; once she’d been inducted, her escapades had to be curtailed.
Being in the Raiders is more like being cooped up in a Walled City than I could have imagined. If I’d have known, I’d have…have…Ancestors damn it.
Salkis growled, too wary to even voice her thoughts aloud. There was no refusing the Bloodfeast Raiders and surviving, or leaving their group and keeping your throat intact. She enjoyed the Bloodfeasts, but they were too far and few between for her liking.
There was so little she could do. Salkis flopped around in her bed and thought of all the amazing things she wished her family would let her do.
Skateboard, for instance. Skateboards were Pallass’ rage. The cause of a lot of injuries. A lot of fun. Salkis had as much chance of getting to ride one as the Flying Gnoll of Pallass did of actually…flying. It was her father’s fault. He was beyond stifling.
So much so that when Salkis did emerge to break her fast, her two bodyguards were already waiting. The black-scaled Drake put on a huge smile, ate, made light conversation, and turned to them with a bright smile.
“Now, what shall I do today, I wonder?”
