8.27
Page 27
The little argument from the Gnoll and Centaur drew a sleepy head. Mrsha had been napping by the fire, having eaten a bellyful of potato and meat and no one had brought her up to bed yet; Ulvama was searching for something with Rags.
She came over to where Rufelt had just taken a puff and felt his head spin—then normalize. He looked down at Mrsha and she up at him. She saw his expression as he stared at the girl and averted his gaze. She would have scampered away, mindful of his grief, but then Mrsha hesitated.
One of her ears perked up. Rufelt thought he heard something…but Palt was muttering about other drugs and substances of various legal and illegal natures. Neither noticed Mrsha hurry upstairs.
“I have to go.”
“You’ll do no such thing. All my magic is bouncing off you! I’m not certain if you’re under an effect, but I can’t put one on you!”
That rankled the [Illusionist]’s pride. Rufelt shook his head.
“I just need to—to choose. I have to go.”
Palt put his hands on the [Bartender]’s shoulders. Rufelt growled, and it might have gotten physical, as desperate as he was to go back home—when Mrsha came back downstairs.
She waved her paws and the two adults looked at her. Rufelt saw her hand a note up and Palt took it.
“Mrsha, I’m kind of busy—actually, could you wake Bezale and Montressa? I need—hm?”
He frowned at the note. Then looked at Rufelt. The Gnoll could read it too.
 
Go into the [Garden of Sanctuary] for me! Pwease?
 
The Gnoll and Centaur both gave Mrsha a look, but she gave them her biggest, roundest eyes of pleading and Rufelt hesitated.
“I really have to—”
“No, Mrsha’s right. Just for a second or two.”
Palt was looking at Mrsha thoughtfully. Rufelt growled, but now Palt was whispering.
“You can’t cast the spell on…? Assuming you really can cast a T6 spell, now would be the time to—”
Mrsha shook her head and Palt sighed, but the two began ushering him to the Garden’s open door. It was night, of course, yet it looked serene.
“Just for a second. You stay in there five minutes, sir, and I won’t have Bezale put you in a chokehold.”
“I—fine! Five minutes! If you don’t let me go, I’ll shout for help!”
Rufelt snarled. He walked into the garden and turned around. He glared at the two—and then his face changed to one of bemusement.
“I feel…different.”
He murmured. Rufelt looked around. The Garden was quiet, serene. Beautiful; the most beautiful garden of different climates he’d ever seen. Of course he remembered that, but he hadn’t wanted to go inside.
Erin lay here. Yet—Rufelt began to feel better all of a sudden, dead young woman or not.
“Ah.”
Palt sighed, and gave Mrsha an admiring look. She looked smug herself. Rufelt felt at his head. Suddenly—it was as if the cloud was lifted from him.
“What’s going on? Was I ensorcelled?”
“Maybe not.”
Palt admitted, after taking a note from Mrsha. He raised his brows.
“That’s—fascinating. Mrsha has a theory I agree with. You might not have been under a spell or Skill, Rufelt. That is to say, you weren’t being affected, but nothing I could do would change your mood either. It was just you being at your worst—naturally.”
The [Bartender] blinked at Palt. He recalled being horrifically worn down, stressed beyond belief, but in this place…
“What changed?”
The Centaur gave him a wry smile.
“You came under the influence of a higher power, sir. Rather—the garden’s effect beat whatever was keeping me from helping. As Skills go, Erin inherited one of the most powerful. No malign magics can enter here—or if they can, they have to be stronger than whatever was on you. How do you feel?”
