8.27
Page 35
“Don’t forget, Normen. They’re our best—but someday, a call will go out for two more Gentlemen. They’re by way of being good representatives of a long line of fellows, but some day they’ll end up lying in a gutter. You’re upset at how we died fighting [Assassins]? Their statues are in that garden. That’s immortality, and a finer end than any of us can hope for. There’s no peaceful death for men like us.”
He raised his voice, and all the Brothers looked up. Crimshaw looked around. He was old, old as they went in their line of work, and barely in his forties. He tugged at his cap.
“I will never be a Gentleman Caller. Now, lads. I know what it’s like to be hot-blooded and impatient. I know we’re bleeding coin. But here’s the question, as it were. The question is not whether we’re honorable men. The question is: do we like to pretend to be honorable men?”
The Brothers looked at Crimshaw. Then they grinned and settled back in their chairs. Normen took a seat. For the [Innkeeper] who called on everything they pretended to be…
They waited. Waited for trouble. They would not forsake their promises again. One of them began to set out another game of cards; another pair had gotten into chess. That was when the hidden door opened.
The Brothers had heard the sound. They’d also heard the pitter-patter of paws, so they weren’t surprised to see Mrsha. Crimshaw adjusted his hat.
“Now look who’s here. Did you want something, little Mrsha? You know you can’t leave without a respectful guardian, and we don’t count.”
The little Gnoll gazed up solemnly at them. The Brothers regarded her with a kind of wary affection; she was one of the few children they interacted with regularly and they were, by now, used to her escapades. Crimshaw saw Mrsha tentatively pad forwards.
Ishkr gave them food, but no one really talked to the Brothers. They were less sociable than the Gentlemen Callers and they were, when you got down to it, criminals. The one person who had done that was the same young woman who talked to Antinium and Goblins.
Crimshaw accepted the note and opened it. He had to read for quite a while; it was hard for him to make out the cursive and reading wasn’t a strength the Brothers looked for. But when he read her note, he looked up.
“A white Gnoll?”
He turned. The three Brothers who had gone with Mrsha glanced at each other.
“Never saw a wink of a fellow myself, Crimshaw. I was leaning against the wall of that restaurant, too. Would’ve seen someone going in or out. I thought it was a funny little prank.”
Mrsha folded her arms and shook her head emphatically. Crimshaw glanced at her.
He took her seriously, and squatted down.
“If there’s a fellow only you can see, Miss Mrsha, I’d call it proper important. ‘Specially white fur. That means something, don’t it?”
She nodded solemnly. Crimshaw eyed her. He drew a dagger from his belt. It was a wickedly sharp blade and she smelled faint blood on it. He offered it to her.
“Now, little Mrsha, I know you’re the sort who plays pranks. Not that you’ve done as much to us—but I want you to swear. On this. You’re not tickling our hats on this, are you? You saw a fellow with white fur watching you?”
She placed her paw delicately on the dagger and nodded. Crimshaw looked up and sighed. The other Brothers glanced at each other.
“Then, Miss Mrsha. I believe you. Now, what shall we do about it?”
 
—-
 
That was how Mrsha ended up going back to the park. This time—alone. Well, Crimshaw had taken her. All six Brothers stood around.
