8.27
Page 22
Imani’s eyes widened. Palt trotted his hooves back in astonishment. For a moment, the two just looked at Rufelt, and he stared away.
“I’m sorry. I have to—”
He turned, to go back to the bar. To—
“No. Don’t go. You’re clearly not well, Rufelt.”
The [Chef] caught his arm. He’d forgotten she had the same class as Lasica. Wretchedly, Rufelt turned back.
“I’m fine. I’ll be fine. I’m sorry, I’m just—”
“We understand. We heard about the spell and, well…you look thin. When did you last eat? Sleep?”
Palt was nodding. The two clustered around Rufelt and the Centaur eyed him. Rufelt was shaking his head, but Imani had a firm grip on one arm.
“Is Lasica in the same shape, Rufelt? Where is she?”
“Better. She’s—a bit better. I don’t know where she is. She goes out.”
Another look between Imani and Palt. The Centaur chewed on his cigarette rather than smoking it. Imani opened and closed her mouth. It was Palt who spoke.
“I heard about the Demon’s ritual and I know you’ve lost a lot, Rufelt. I…”
He hesitated, eying Imani, but then went on, taking the rollup out of his mouth. The [Illusionist] fixed the Gnoll [Bartender] with a serious gaze.
“Mister Rufelt. I know you’ve suffered a great loss. I don’t mean to be…insensitive. I am going to be, though. You need to pull yourself together. It’s a traumatic experience, miscarriage. But you need to move forwards or you’re going to fall to pieces. You and Lasica.”
Rufelt jerked. He whirled on Palt, and Imani gasped.
“Palt!”
The Centaur raised his hands at the angry Gnoll.
“I’m sorry. Centaurs have it terribly bad too. It’s—a huge complication in our species. But it happens more often than you’d think. It’s one of the reasons our species are less numerous than Humans. Usually only early on. It’s because of the difficulty of creating, well, two species in one. It’s terrible, and I have friends and family who went through it. They go to [Healers]—[Thought Healers], though. You…can’t stay like this. You’ll waste away. I’ve seen that too.”
He shuffled his hooves, looking quite uncomfortable. Even ashamed.
“I’m sorry. I know this is not the right thing to say, but I’ve seen this kind of thing tear relationships apart. You look—awful.”
Rufelt’s paws were clenched. He snarled back at the Centaur.
“You think we haven’t tried? Lasica doesn’t want to go. She just wants to—”
Take the deal. Imani was patting his shoulder. She looked at his dirty fur, glared at Palt.
“Aren’t you supposed to be a diplomat?”
Palt shook his head.
“Ullsinoi are tricksters. Wistram is…Wistram. I’m sorry, I was too direct. It’s just…”
He looked at the Gnoll again, and then snapped his fingers. Rufelt stared at Palt, almost ready to take a swing at the Centaur, despite the height and weight difference. Then Palt held something up.
It was… a mirror. A magical mirror, a little spell, but it reflected what Palt saw, nonetheless. Rufelt looked into it.
What you do you see in the picture? 
He saw a stranger. A Gnoll so filthy and wild-eyed and…worn that he wouldn’t have let him in his bar, even when he was just starting out. He looked at the image of himself, and wondered if he was dying.
“Is that me?”
Imani and Palt looked at him. Slowly, Imani took his shoulder.
“Rufelt, why don’t you come with us? You need to eat. Come to the inn, and we’ll get you something hot. And—then you should lie down.”
Rufelt shook his head.
“I need to go back to the bar. Lasica will be there.”
“I’ll go and leave her a note or tell her. You—you should get out of that bar. Come with us.”
