8.27
Page 43
It was a strange smile. A bad smile. It was like someone trying to smile while knowing what a smile was—without ever having done it, only having had it described to them. It was, Rufelt realized with a jolt, the kind of smile someone in his line of work gave to someone else.
Someone in the service industry giving a pair of unruly clients a smile to tell them everything was well, when it wasn’t. It was so disconcerting he lost his fear for a second. Then she spoke.
“I came to seal our pact, Rufelt and Lasica Owelt. I am prepared. I shall begin tonight, as the moons become full.”
She knew. But like a…saleswoman, trying to close a deal, she smiled. Pretending. That was almost as horrible as her presence.
“I—Belavierr.”
Lasica said it again. The eyes swung down to her. Lasica looked at the [Witch] and quailed, but then at Rufelt. She took his hand and he gripped it firmly. She met the [Witch]’s gaze.
“I um—I—we—decided not to take your offer. We had a change of heart.”
“Indeed? How surprising.”
The [Witch] advanced. The couple backed up a step. And now they all saw it.
Belavierr was furious. Enraged. Not because she had lost the deal of a millennium. Not because she had lost something precious, or she feared losing it. Simply because she had failed.
And she did not fail. She tilted her head as she loomed over them.
“It seems strange powers have conspired to change your mind. I do not brook such—interference. Come, let us talk this over. You are not thinking clearly, Lasica. Nor you, Rufelt.”
The Gnoll gulped.
“Strange—strange powers? I just found hope again, Belavierr. Hope, where I couldn’t see anything but darkness around you!”
He dared to raise his voice, even point at her. The Human woman looked at him. The paw shook.
“I did nothing to you but tell you the truth, Rufelt. I showed you a few objects. Talked to you.”
“You—you cast magic on us. Palt said so himself right, Palt?”
The Centaur jumped. He was staring at the [Witch], in confusion. Imani leaned against him, worried. He cleared his throat.
“That’s—that’s eminently true. I don’t know who you are, Miss Witch, but I’m Palt of Wistram! I can tell when someone’s enchanted someone else and Rufelt was certainly under malign influence. That’s illegal in Liscor, Pallass, and Invrisil!”
His voice trailed off as he tried to wag a finger at her and his hand refused to rise. The name ‘Wistram’ didn’t even make Belavierr blink. Someone whispered with chattering lips.
“Palt. Shut up.”
He looked around. The nervous voice was coming from the one person who recognized the name. Of all people it was—Bezale. The Minotaur was looking at Belavierr with a gaze of horror.
The [Witch]’s huge hat rose and she gave Palt a look of…annoyance.
“I cast no spells to influence Rufelt and Lasica, Centaur. Only one to prevent them from being swayed by magic at all. I do not force those I make pacts with to accept any bargain. Do not cast such allegations again.”
Palt’s legs shook and he nearly sat down. He nodded rapidly, but Lasica cried out, letting fury overcome the sense of dread around the [Witch].
“You mean we were trapped! We couldn’t make ourselves feel better! You—you tortured us for weeks! Showed us images of what might have been, told us how simple it was! You call that fair?”
Again, that head tilted. Left. Right. In the garden, Mrsha saw the scariest Human she had ever met stare at Lasica. She didn’t even seem like the same species as Erin and Lyonette. She looked more like Moore in a way. Shorter, but she loomed.
