8.27
Page 26
The Earth-rooms were a goldmine. All he could do, though, was make copies of everything here. He couldn’t take a mage-picture, and he couldn’t steal anything or leave traces he’d been here, even if he could carry the images off.
Of course, he’d found the rooms. Mrsha was smart enough to keep some secrets, but a Fraerling got everywhere, and air-holes were obvious, especially if they were big enough for him to squeeze through.
The Titan grinned as he worked, a pained, ecstatic grin.
“If only I’d come months earlier! If only!”
It took him quite some time to note it all down, and he’d already been making copies. He looked back just once, longingly.
He would be back for all of it. Then he went back to the garden and began planning his journey. He checked his travel provisions, route, and new equipment and sighed.
“They’re destroying the villages. Tulm—none of the Great Companies would do this. They want me. Peclir. He knows they’re our secret advantage.”
Niers Astoragon clenched a trembling fist. Time to return. This took priority, as this inn had little that was changing at the moment. It could wait. He’d be back. Right after he killed every single person hunting his people in all Baleros.
He was just leaving to pen the final note to the Watch Captain and Chaldion when he came across something…interesting in the inn. Niers stopped as he crawled out of the tiny air-hole and frowned.
“What’s this, now?”
 
—-
 
They fed him and helped him get a bath and even gave him a soft bed. For a while, he felt better. However, Rufelt Owelt couldn’t sleep.
He tossed and turned and felt the bar calling to him. Lasica. He found himself rising, like a moth pursuing the flame even if it burned him.
He was walking down to the first floor when Palt found him. The Centaur was heading up the stairs and saw Rufelt.
“Mister Rufelt! What are you doing up? I thought you were lying down!”
The Gnoll smiled and indicated the door to the hallway with a paw.
“I’m—I’m going back. Can’t be away or Lasica might decide—I’m sorry. Thank you for your hospitality.”
Palt looked around, but Imani was tuckered out and most of the inn was heading to bed. He raised his hands, blocking Rufelt as the Gnoll tried to exit the common room.
“You’re frazzled. Sit, Mister Rufelt. Just take a seat. Let me get you something.”
The [Bartender] wanted to argue, but Palt had him sitting and handed him a glass of something that was most distinctly not a traditional beverage. He drank it anyways, just to make Palt stop fussing and shook his head.
“I appreciate it, but really—I have to go.”
The [Illusionist] gave Rufelt a second look.
“You—aren’t feeling mellowed out?”
“No. I have to—”
This time, the Centaur put a hand on his shoulder.
“Then something’s wrong. Because that was my best Calming Tonic and if you weren’t placid as a glass of frozen water—you’re not well, Rufelt. And I don’t mean just mentally. It’s magic or—something on you. Maybe a disease, maybe a spell, but I don’t see anything.”
Rufelt blinked. He looked at Palt and had a thought. Had she cast a spell on him? She’d said she wouldn’t use magic on them directly to change their moods. She’d twist their heads, torture them with pictures—but not coerce them with magic.
Doubt seeped into that assertion, and he’d already doubted her. Rufelt felt so…cloudy. It was lack of sleep. Palt fussed around him.
“Try a puff of this. It made Saliss blink.”
The Gnoll tried to refuse.
“I don’t smoke regularly. No thanks.”
“Just do it. This isn’t about smoking, it’s about…”
