8.27
Page 38
Gone. He whirled, swearing, realizing how the Gnoll had played on the Brother’s unfamiliarity with bodyguard duty. Inviting them to fight rather than do what they should have done!
“Get back to the girl!”
The Brothers whirled as one. They ran backwards, each one cursing their stupidity twice! It was a feint! An accomplice! They were too late. Too—
Mrsha peeked back at them, wide-eyed. She was following a group of [Guards], who’d come running. A coincidence. The [Guards] shouted for the Brothers to drop their weapons, and the Humans complied after a second.
Wanderer sighed and leaned back around the corner, bare feet from Mrsha. Damn. Almost.
 
—-
 
Mrsha returned to the inn with Crimshaw and Normen. The other four Brothers were in for questioning, but those two had gotten away. It was amazing, really. They’d been cuffed and escorted to the Watch House for questioning—or their doubles had. The two had strolled away, gotten Mrsha, and rushed her to the inn. Crimshaw’s Skill.
Well, Crimshaw’s Skill was the fake of him that would vanish as soon as he was inside. Normen’s was a bit meaner. The protesting Human had been dragged by the [Guard].
“It’s not me! Stop, stop! I don’t know this lot! I was—”
[You Have the Wrong Man]. Literally.
“Lock it down! Level 40’s on our tail! White Gnoll!”
Crimshaw snarled as they burst through the portal door. Four Brothers in the hallway shot to their feet, and they had already been ready. Liska looked at Mrsha.
“What’s happening? Why is everyone coming in today—”
“Where’s your brother? Get clear of the door! No one goes in—no one goes out! Move!”
Crimshaw hustled Liska down the hallway with Mrsha. Frightened, but relieved they were safe, Mrsha ran with him. Straight for the Garden.
She found a second scene playing out as she opened the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary]. Rufelt was standing in the inn’s common room, engaging in an argument with…
Lasica. The Drake [Chef] had found him thanks to Palt’s note. She was shouting at him. She looked awful. Rufelt had been bad—but a night’s sleep had done him better. Lasica looked terrible. Not in the same way, but just as worn.
“How could you just run off? What do you mean, you refuse? You were agreeing with me last night!”
“Lasica—Lasica, listen—it’s a Skill. She’s keeping us like this. Can’t you see?”
Rufelt was remonstrating with Lasica. The [Chef] shouted back.
“She’s giving us a choice! Can’t you understand that?”
Everyone was watching. Ishkr turned as Crimshaw seized his arm; Palt, Imani, Kevin, and the others guests were watching, unable to jump into the personal fight. No one really knew what was going on.
But it was becoming clear. Lasica was almost weeping.
“We could bring our child back, Rufelt. If you’d only agree! What’s wrong with you? Don’t you care at all? What would you give up for him? For her? For—us?”
It was the same bitter words. The same impossible choice, made worse by taut emotions, razorblades of feeling thrown at each other. Rufelt felt it begin to cut deep.
Yet he clung to it. The [Benediction of Hope]. It had been given to him. It was a gift. A blessing. He clung to it and closed his eyes. Keep it in you and make it last. For he would get no second chance.
It was time.
“Lasica. I will not take the [Witch]’s deal.”
The words came out. Palt started. He looked at Rufelt. Lasica recoiled.
“You don’t care. You don’t care at all, do you?”
She looked at Rufelt as if he was a monster. The Gnoll clenched his paws.
“How can you say that to me? Of course I care. But Lasica—it’s not worth it.”
