8.27
Page 29
“I am aware my words can be hurtful rather than helpful, Palt. Even so, I would rather let Rufelt know I care. I do care. Some in Liscor suffered as well, from the Demon’s spell. Antinium likewise.”
“You too?”
Rufelt whispered. Pawn nodded, as the Gnoll relived horror as he did each time he met someone…the [Priest]’s face was hard to read, but his mandibles drooped.
“Yes. The Demon’s magic affected all peoples, even though Antinium are not born in the same way as others. We found some dead. We mourned them. Antinium are born with great regularity, it is true. We still mourned.”
It was then that Rufelt looked at someone else who could understand. Even if not entirely…he whispered, shoulders shaking.
“How can you stand there and deal with it? How can you look so calm? You don’t even look like you care.”
He hurled the words at Pawn, but the Antinium just stood there. He looked at Rufelt, at Palt, and Mrsha, and took his time before replying. He looked up to the hill where mists gathered and Rufelt realized how wrong he was to accuse Pawn of being calm, of not caring. Especially here.
At last, the [Priest] met Rufelt’s eyes.
“Because I must. To be Antinium is to know your kind dying each day. Less now, than before. But they die. I mourn them all, Rufelt. But I must continue even if I bleed. To make things better for the living—and the dead. I know terrible pain, and I may know worse still, though I cannot believe it. I continue because I believe it will end someday.”
“How?”
There was something Pawn had that Rufelt didn’t. The Gnoll wanted to know how the Antinium was so certain. Pawn’s four arms moved, two spreading out, two clasping together.
“Faith. Faith that better times lie ahead. Sometimes—it is all I have. It is still hard. I still despair. But I come here and see—”
He looked at Numbtongue, at Rufelt. Pawn hesitated, and then reached out. He touched two people, the Gnoll and the Goblin.
“[Benediction]. To you, Rufelt and you, Numbtongue. Have faith. She will return. Better days lie ahead.”
In the darkness, there was a spark. Palt’s eyes widened, as did Niers’. Numbtongue and Rufelt jerked. Both pulled away, Numbtongue knocking Pawn’s hand down, and Rufelt recoiling, but it was done.
Both of them felt…something. Something warm, like a fire. It did not flow into them like a potion or magic spell. It did not change them.
For a second, they were simply there. Sitting in a good place, having eaten their fill, amongst friends. Like they sat in an inn and realized the world was good. Rufelt could close his eyes and remember every time in his life he had felt thusly—and it was so easy to forget.
He remembered hope. And memory was so often cruel and showed only regret and pain. He felt…contentment.
Slowly, the Gnoll yawned. He looked around and Numbtongue’s red eyes turned to Pawn’s. The [Priest] raised his hands.
“I am sorry if I overstepped.”
“Hrm.”
That was all the Goblin said. He went back to the hill, to sit in the night. Rufelt looked at Pawn.
Where the Garden had failed, where Palt and food and everything else—at last, he felt his worries ease. They didn’t shrink, or vanish temporarily. They were simply overcome by the emotion welling in his heart.
Hope. He looked ahead, to the future, and at himself.
“Thank you, Pawn. I—I think I need to sleep. I’m going to be okay, now, I think.”
“Good.”
The Antinium smiled. Palt looked at Rufelt, but the Gnoll didn’t run to leave the inn. He just…yawned. And then he slowly went back to the guest room and lay down.
