8.27
Page 37
What? He still believed her? Mrsha stumbled forwards. What did he mean? Crimshaw spoke out of the corner of his mouth. And now all six of the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings were…strolling, Mrsha realized.
Strolling, too casually. Grinning, heads on casual swivels. She realized they were tense.
“We saw nothing. All six of us.”
Crimshaw muttered. He put his hands in his pockets.
“That doesn’t mean nothing was there. There’s a way of telling you fell under a Skill, Miss Mrsha. Ways of knowing you were duped. All six of us were. Which means I’m a damned fool. You’re not being followed by a regular fellow. His level…it’s at least Level 40. Of all the times for the Gentlemen to be out. Either that, or he’s a specialist.”
The Brother muttered to Mrsha. Now their pace was quickening, but casually.
“Back to the inn. We’re calling in the rest.”
Mrsha tensed up. She was right! Her eyes were huge as the Brothers escorted her down the street. Now—she was more afraid by not seeing the specter than seeing him.
The white Gnoll. What did he want with her? Mrsha slowed as they turned down another street, close to the inn. And as if her thoughts had summoned him…Crimshaw swore under his breath. All six Brothers and the little girl came to a stop.
The white Gnoll stood in the middle of the street. People were glancing at him, Gnolls murmuring, pointing. He was visible to all. Mrsha froze.
The Gnoll grinned at her. His fur was pure white. No—there was a trace of brown on one paw as he raised it. Like…dye, wiped off.
The Brothers stood completely still. The Gnoll had on a travelling cloak, and hat, although he had very little clothing on, like many Plains Gnolls or even city Gnolls given their thick fur. He had a staff in one hand. And he was…smiling.
“A fool.”
Crimshaw spoke quietly. Mrsha saw him shift. She looked up. Crimshaw bent down as the other Brothers spread out across the street. The Gnoll was watching them.
“Here. Now, I reckon you know another way to the inn. Take it. Run. Normen. Blow the alarm.”
The young man produced, of all things, a whistle. He blew it, and the piercing shriek was an echo of Liscor’s watch-whistle! He was…calling the [Guard]? Crimshaw smiled at Mrsha as her eyes went huge. He put something on her head.
A souvenir. His…cap. The Brother straightened.
“Run.”
Wanderer watched as six Brothers turned. The little Gnoll stood there—then ran. Five hats fell to the ground. The Humans were humming as they walked. They drew blades and weapons as the people scattered.
It was a familiar nursery rhyme.
 
“The night’s been long and the bodies are wet,
But don’t you fret; be quick and ain’t not a guard who’ll be upset
The good folk are rising, and we’re off to our beds,
The smart thieves away with the loot and the slow ones are dead.”
 
The Gnoll grinned. He looked past them as the Gnoll girl ran. He lifted a paw.
“I’m not here to fight you. What are a Human gang doing, following a child around?”
None of them answered. They walked forwards, murder in their eyes. Wanderer shook his head. So complicated. So long as they remained—he raised his staff and they tensed.
“We’re all running out of time. Don’t let her out of your sight.”
Crimshaw leapt at him, blades swinging. He saw the staff whirl, and Wanderer blocked each strike. One, two—then the Gnoll leapt backwards and ran around a corner. Swearing, Crimshaw followed. He skidded around the corner—
Wanderer was gone. The Brother slashed through the alleyway, looking up, around for hidden platforms, invisible Gnolls or someone leaping upward. Nothing.
