8.27
Page 4
It went to two leaders; the Admiral of the Land, and the Sharkcaptain. Femar, the Champion of Zeres, stirred himself, but the Admiral of the Land just sighed.
“Long-range [Appraisal] check. Occupants?”
The [Mage], one of the specialists in counter-smuggling and spells like this, usually on a ship, grumbled. She cast the spell, a Drake Drowned Woman, her scales turning into a fish’s gills on half her face. Her breathing was thus harder in the air. She frowned.
“Six civilians, all below Level 20, Admiral, but…three unreadables. All masked.”
The Admiral of the Land and Sharkcaptain stirred. Both of them glanced at each other.
“Magnolia Reinhart, the [Butler], and that [Maid]?”
Femar suggested. The Admiral of the Land shook his head.
“That’s a regular coach. Just a coincidence. Still…don’t risk it.”
Every instinct in Zeres’ command was that if someone ran and you couldn’t tell what they were carrying, stop them. They were used to smuggling runs, so the order went back.
“Stop that carriage. Mark it!”
The army gave chase, more [Soldiers] streaming out. Still—the few [Riders] were distant and for all the Drakes on land charged, the coach was getting away. The Sharkcaptain watched calmly. After all…
 
—-
 
Saliss commandeered a horse and a [Guard]’s gear by grabbing it. When the Drake resisted, Saliss just ripped off his clothes.
“Saliss of Lights! Give me that!”
The Oteslian [Guard] was smart enough not to argue with a Named Adventurer. Saliss swore as he rode the horse forwards. He would have given anything to use a Potion of [Haste] rather than a stupid horse, but he was low on every potion! Damn, damn…
He saw Lyonette’s coach heading north, pursued by Zeres’ army. Saliss thought they’d make it—right up until the second army came over the hilltop. This time, Saliss snarled.
“You bastards! That’s your own side! Don’t do it—”
But it was too late. A wedge of riders made for the carriage, alerted by their allies, no doubt. It was all so ironic. Saliss’ eyes focused on the distant flags, the second set of war drums. He had been taught by Chaldion since he was small. Of course, Saliss knew what this army was.
Liscor’s army had been participating in the war between Oteslia and Zeres. Now—Zeres called them in. A group of riders shot towards the carriage and it turned, realizing it was heading for the second half of the sieging force. It turned back to Oteslia after hesitating—too late. Now, Zeres’ [Soldiers] were closing in and it was a race to the bridge and the closing gates.
 
—-
 
Lyonette’s first view of Liscor’s never-seen, oft-spoken of army was a smaller force than Zeres’, but with just as many standards. It appeared and [Riders] shot forwards, riding down on them.
Weapons drawn.
“You’re going to get us killed! We have to surrender!”
“No, back to the city.”
Wilovan snapped. Ratici was flapping the reins, urging the horses onwards, but he was no [Driver]. Lyonette looked at him.
She had asked them to try and get them north, but they’d already been acting by the time she made the gamble. Now, they ignored the pleas from the other passengers to stop!
“How much trouble are we in?”
The Gentlemen Caller gave her a snarl of a grin, so uncharacteristically worried she realized something was wrong.
“Us, Miss Lyonette? In for a rough share of it, but no more than that, I’d wager. A bit of a to-do—if we weren’t with you. The trouble with fine folk like Zeres is how they treat people on their lists. They like looking into things, which means all three of us are up a few creeks I wouldn’t mention in polite company.”
