8.27
Page 33
Good for him. Mrsha had bigger fish to punch. For instance, she was uncertain, but after three hours, she was convinced. She had breakfast with Ulvama, who asked her if she’d seen any ‘strange mice’ about. Mrsha lied and said no.
She did her math problems with Montressa, and passed them. Then she got to play! She went to the playground in Liscor.
Visma was there, and Ekirra. Mrsha had already apologized a lot after the Thronebearers visited, and she gave him a cookie. He made her eat a bit first, but then he accepted it.
Ser Dalimont himself came to pay her a visit, to inquire if she was well. Mrsha opined she was, and that she really didn’t want to visit the Terandrian embassy. He stroked his mustache.
“We intend to find Lyonette, Miss Mrsha. The situation has become rather—unstable, however. We are hoping to leave at first light. If there is anything we can do?”
Mrsha genteelly offered him a shake of the head. She didn’t hate the Thronebearers, but she doubted they’d have much luck. Lyonette told Mrsha about home and she never made much of their martial prowess. If Oteslia could be won on the dance floor or by bowing—they’d have a chance.
She went back to playing, and then got to visit the Adventurer’s Guild where Selys still put in some work. And the entire while, the certainty grew on her. After three hours, she was convinced. Unsettled. Even…jumpy. She pointed and handed Selys a note.
“Do you see the white Gnoll?”
Selys read. She looked up, but saw only Gnolls passing outside the windows of the guild as she finished her shift. She looked at Mrsha.
“What white Gnoll? You mean you? Yes, I see you, silly—”
Mrsha put her paw up and Selys stopped. She pointed, urgently.
There’s a white Gnoll following me! 
She saw it everywhere. Him, rather. Mrsha had seen him yesterday, twice, but both times, it had been just a flash out the inn’s windows.
She looked out and saw a figure standing there. A…white Gnoll. Wearing a long cloak, even a hat. Looking at her.
Just for a second. Then Mrsha would turn her head, blink, and he’d be gone. She had thought it was her imagination. A trick of the light.
However, no one else had seen him. Not Bird. Not Selys, or Ekirra or Visma or…anyone.
“I do not see a white Gnoll, Mrsha. I would tell you if I could. But all I see is you. Now, here is a cookie for you. I am so nice.”
Ekirra didn’t see a Gnoll, or smell one. Visma had been looking the same way as Mrsha and not seen him.
He was just there, in the street! Mrsha pointed, but Selys saw no one. She even humored Mrsha by going out and checking.
“I think you’re seeing things, Mrsha. Or playing pranks. Hey…is this another prank? Like that restaurant? You know, you ruined their entire service and business? Drassi actually had to apologize and write a column about it in the newspaper so they didn’t lose business. We’re going to apologize today.”
Mrsha’s ears flattened, but she stamped her feet in annoyance. The problem with being the little Gnoll who poisoned people’s bowls of soup was that people didn’t take you seriously at times!
If it was a Raskghar, you’d pay attention!
Selys frowned. She took that more seriously and leaned on the table.
“Okay. Okay, if you want to put it that way…the next time you see the Gnoll, tell me.”
 
—-
 
Mrsha saw the Gnoll in the restaurant, standing by a table as she was apologizing to the staff and manager. She pointed, sounded the alarm. Selys got the staff to block the entrances.
No one found a white Gnoll. Exasperated, Selys told Mrsha off. The Gnoll threw up her paws.
