8.27
Page 23
Palt frowned at Rufelt, and snapped his fingers twice. Imani glanced at him. Rufelt hesitated. He rubbed at his face. He felt…tired. So tired.
“I can’t do that. I need—”
The Centaur frowned deeper. Imani tugged at Rufelt’s arm.
“Come on. Just a bite to eat. We can’t let you go without food. Just a bit?”
Palt muttered under his breath. Rufelt felt a tingle this time and glanced at Palt. The Centaur raised his hands, smiling.
“Come on, Rufelt. One meal. What’s your favorite dish?”
“I…like fried potatoes with meat. Lasica makes a hot dish in an iron pan.”
Rufelt remembered her making it for special occasions. Suddenly, his eyes tingled and he felt weak. He barely protested as Imani tugged at him, cajoling, encouraging. Palt helped usher Rufelt towards the inn.
“Just one bite, and we’ll let you go. Maybe a nap, too. I’ll tell Lasica.”
The [Bartender] protested, but he was too weak. Too tired and—he did feel his weakness, then. The image of himself had shaken the Gnoll. Palt let Imani do most of the talking. He gave it two more tries and Rufelt began to perk up both times and they got him moving before he could protest.
The Centaur watched Rufelt, eying him. He didn’t tell Imani, as she was talking to Rufelt, but he bit his blue cigarette and chewed it hard.
[Joyous Spirits] was a Tier 4 mood spell. Even if Rufelt was rock-bottom, it should have done more than that, and Palt had cast it three times! It felt like he was moving a rock, and he was panting as he burned mana. What was wrong with the Gnoll?
Rufelt stumbled on, letting Imani talk him into food.
“We have a room for you, okay? An open one. Just sit down and…”
He found himself nodding. Time…time might help. No dark bar. Just a day? He wanted to rest. To sleep without dreaming of what might be and what was.
It was time. But…one more day couldn’t hurt. He left Pallass, and somewhere else in the city, a certain figure paused.
The Stitch Witch turned her head and felt one of the threads change. It was still close in one kind of proximity, but the weave had suddenly jumped from here to somewhere far distant, geographically speaking.
“Strange.”
She tilted her head left. Then right. She felt someone trying to interfere, but their magic could not interfere.
Belavierr was making many deals, but they were among the most valuable. She had cast no spell on Rufelt and Lasica; they were one of her clients, one group she had found in Pallass to do business with. If she had persuaded, it was with word and deed and offering them truth; she was honest in that regard.
But she would brook no interference, magical or otherwise. That too was part of the deal. She tilted her head unnaturally far, and then turned it back. A little [Mage] wouldn’t do much. She went back to sewing.
Business was good. Just a few more deals…and she could go back to her beloved daughter. The Witch smiled.
Everyone should have a child.
 
—-
 
The inn was busier that night. Imani and Palt dragged in a smelly, mostly dead-looking Gnoll and fussed about him. Everyone seemed to know who he was, and Rags supposed it was another thing she’d missed.
She ate potatoes and meat quietly, savoring the Calescent spice that Imani had added in a mild blend. The Goblin [Spice Chef] grunted happily. He was among his kind here, and poked Rags.
“Chieftain. If Ulvama not stay, maybe I stay? Good place.”
She swatted at his hand.
“Shut up, Calescent. We have work to do.”
