8.27
Page 41
“Then from up close. Okrha, go in. If you see her—act. We will cover your exit.”
One of the Gnolls made for the inn’s doors. They had just arrived; they would not wait an hour or second longer. The Plain’s Eye Gnoll went through the front door and the others waited.
“Okrha? Okrha?”
The [Hunt Leader] waited. The Gnoll didn’t respond. Maybe the inn cut off their magic? He looked at his companion. Both growled; either something unexpected had happened or…this might not be easy after all. They prepared for a full attack.
 
—-
 
The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings were ready. The hallway was a killing ground and every window was secure. Four were ready—the other two patrolling the house. They were sending for reinforcements. But—
The door opened. They stirred. The actual, physical door to the inn opened. There was a sound from the entranceway.
All four Brothers waited in silence. They heard a muffled sound. A…crack. They tensed.
A Gnoll walked forwards. Not Okhra.
Wanderer. The Brothers stared as the Gnoll adjusted his hat. They knew without a doubt they had just heard someone die.
Crossbows rose. They waited. Somehow that Gnoll had been inside the inn without them telling. He might pass by the hallway unnoticed. They waited, ready for battle. Inside, Crimshaw was raising the alarm with the others, the [Mages] and other guests. Mrsha was in the garden.
Had he managed to teleport inside? Where was he? Was—
Wanderer walked into the hallway. The Brothers froze.
The Gnoll had white fur. He leaned on his staff. His eyes were sharp. He looked down the long hallway, at the holes in the opening, perhaps even smelling and hearing the Brother crouched with the jar of acid overhead, the ones in the walls. He stopped, just before the first arrow crenellations, aware of the crossbows aimed at him.
Nevertheless, he spoke.
“I’m out of time. She’s in danger. They’re here.”
 
—-
 
This was how it was. Inside the inn, Ulvama was looking around, eyes narrowed. Rags was watching the door. There was a Gnoll after Mrsha?
Less concerning than the little man who might be the Titan of Baleros. Ulvama was searching for him with magic. Rufelt and Lasica were still hugging, remonstrating with each other, but Montressa, Palt, and Bezale were looking towards the entryway too. Crimshaw was cursing, looking about, and Wanderer was in the inn.
Plain’s Eye Gnolls were waiting for their comrade and hearing nothing but silence. The Brothers were listening, aiming, drawing a bead, and Lady Salkis was waiting impatiently in the checkpoint, wondering why no one was opening the damned door! 
Niers Astoragon was swearing ten kinds of fury as he crouched on a beam with Apista, seeing the [Shaman] hone in on him. One of the attacks was here! Damn, damn—
Then he felt a hole open up in his stomach.
 
—-
 
Wanderer turned, breaking off from his explanation. The Brothers hesitated, feeling something in the air. They stopped humming.
Rufelt and Lasica looked up, and the [Bartender]’s tearful, relieved smile faded.
“Oh no.”
 
—-
 
The door to The Wandering Inn was closed. It showed only stone in Pallass. Salkis, dancing from one foot to another, was hissing with impatience, afraid the checkpoint security would ask more questions. She turned as someone walked through the checkpoint. She ignored the [Guard] who told her to stop. Their voices fell silent moments later.
Salkis felt a prickle on her neck. She turned her head as a tall figure stopped behind her.
“Who is—”
