8.27
Page 42
She looked around and fell silent. A tall, tall woman with a hat so broad it cast a shadow looked down at her with glowing orange, ringed eyes.
“Are you waiting for the door to open?”
The Drake hesitated. The Bloodfeast Raider licked her lips, listened to her instincts, and held up her claws.
“Um—n-not really. Be my guest.”
Belavierr nodded.
“Thank you.”
She stood in front of the blank patch of wall and door and regarded it. It didn’t turn into a portal. Liska was with her brother, after all. Belavierr tilted her head. She looked at the door.
In The Wandering Inn the dial with the mana stones slowly began to rotate. 
Click. Click. Click.
It stopped on the yellow gemstone. Then the door opened. Belavierr looked at the ground beyond.
She ducked her head and stepped through without a word. Salkis stared at the [Witch]’s back—and then edged backwards, to the checkpoint. She saw all the Drake [Guards] slumped in their seats or on the floor, passed out.
“Oh shit.”
 
—-
 
They all felt it.
Niers Astoragon’s head turned. Ulvama froze, ignoring Rags and Calescent’s search for the small man, forgetting her spells. Wanderer and the Brothers forgot their standoff. Both turned. The Gnoll with white fur felt all of his hair rise. He backed up.
“Good evening.”
A woman had walked out of the portal room. She was tall. Her dress was dark blue, so dark it looked like black until you saw closer. Her eyes…had so many rings of growing depth. All this was normal, and perhaps if you saw her, you would not realize how strange she was until you realized how still she could stand. How uncanny those eyes were, how strangely she talked and moved, as if walking a different world, obeying different laws of time.
Except that was not the Belavierr of now. This [Witch] looked down and Wanderer backed up.
“Hello. I am looking for Rufelt and Lasica. Where are they?”
“I—I don’t know who they are.”
The Stitch Witch nodded.
“Ah. Then excuse me.”
She walked past Wanderer. Through the hallway, and turned. Her eyes regarded the figures in the walls. Then she walked past them.
Normen managed to pull the trigger. It was instinct. He aimed at her and pulled and the crossbow snapped. The string struck him across the face as it broke and he fell, crying out.
The common room heard the sound. Everyone looked at the door. Mrsha, inside the [Garden of Sanctuary], felt…something in her tummy. It was like a shadow. Not just fear, but some presence. A superstition.
A certainty. And it was growing.
The Stitch Witch walked into the common room of The Wandering Inn. Her eyes flashed. She was angry.
“Rufelt. Lasica. There you are.”
The two had spun. Now—they backed up. Rufelt was muttering.
“Oh no. Oh no, I told you she wouldn’t let us go. I told you—”
His wife made no reply. As the woman appeared, the Drake whispered one word.
“Belavierr.”
Someone jerked, recognizing her name. Everyone else just—looked on. They could tell what she was, even if they didn’t know her.
Ulvama was gripping Rags’ arm, a look of wild terror in her eyes. Rags had never seen the [Shaman] act this way. She saw the strange Human woman glance at her and Rags felt a jolt run through her entire being.
Her [Dangersense] didn’t need to tell her what her basic instincts did. Rags didn’t reach for her crossbow or shortsword. She didn’t have a weapon that would work. She just—watched.
Anger. Belavierr was in a state not even Ryoka Griffin would recognize. She still paused, looking around the inn, and murmured.
“What an odd inn. So many tangled threads.”
Then she turned to the [Chef] and [Bartender]. And…smiled.
