8.27
Page 0

(The next Public chapter will be released on June 22nd, as the Patreon chapter is delayed. The revised chapter will come up as a ‘double update’ later on, but the story is delayed by one chapter due to this.)
 
It was time.
Enough time has passed. Too much. Time was finite. Time ran out before you expected it to.
So, on days like these, time skipped and jumped and came together in important events.
In ways unforeseen by almost all.
It began with a departure.
 
—-
 
“I’m leaving Oteslia.”
Lyonette du Marquin interrupted breakfast with Mivifa, the Gentlemen Callers, and Saliss for this. Well, all but Saliss; he had passed out in his impromptu alchemy-station and heard about it near the end.
“You’re going, already? But after the ball…”
The Oldblood of Feathers trailed off realizing that Lyonette’s near-fatal stabbing might be the exact reason for her departure. However, the [Princess] just gave her a smile. The real reason was much simpler and planned in advance.
“I have to go back to Liscor. I promised I would. I know a lot’s going on, but…it’s time to go.”
Mivifa met Lyonette’s gaze and hesitated before nodding. After all, she could hardly insist Lyonette stay. The young woman was a guest that was only here because of Saliss. However curious she might be and Cire asking about her—no, that was just another reason it might be for the best.
She hadn’t seen Cire since…
But that was Mivifa’s problem. Lyonette thanked her, promising a gift from Liscor, and that was that. It was not hard to leave a city.
“Is um…what’s his face still in prison? I bet he’ll have something to say about you going. Hah! That’s hilarious.”
Saliss blearily looked at Lyonette. She had no idea why that poor Gnoll’s fate was so funny to Saliss.
“Ferris? I haven’t seen him. I chartered a coach from Izril’s Wonders. We’ll be riding with others, but we’ll get to Pallass.”
“That’s hilarious. Well, I’m staying. I have more work to do here. More ingredients to get. That okay?”
Lyonette nodded. She was rather pleased not to suffer his presence on the way back. Besides, Ratici and Wilovan would escort her.
There were reasons she should stay. Magnolia Reinhart had asked Lyonette to call on her. So had Ilvriss, the First Gardener…they all received Lyonette’s careful, hand-written note that morning.
“Leaving? She absolutely cannot! Ressa, do something.”
“Like what? Slash her carriage’s wheels?”
“Mm. That’s a good idea—”
Ilvriss just accepted the note, while the First Gardener was dismayed. And she was far from the only person who wanted Lyonette’s attention. The owner of the Faerie Flowers, the Human who had danced with the Wall Lord, who was from that famous inn in Liscor—leaving?
“She can’t! I haven’t even talked to her!”
Cire shouted in dismay; Rafaema was already out of the door. Lyonette hadn’t even sent her a note, but the Dragon wasn’t about to let her go! So she marched out and found a small crowd outside of Mivifa’s home. One of the Gnolls was already hammering at the door, but one of Oteslia’s top [Pegasus Fliers] knocked instead.
“Miss Mivifa? The First Gardener’s sent us to request the Human, Lyonette’s presence urgently.”
Mivifa eyed one of her co-workers and the crowd all demanding to see Lyonette. She coughed into one claw.
“Not to stand in the First Gardener’s way, but…she’s already gone.”
“What?”
The Named Adventurer sighed and rubbed at her earholes. Still, she had to hand it to Lyonette.
She didn’t know that the [Princess] was from Calanfer, and thus an expert at things like this. When you announced your departure—you left before you could be held up.
