8.27
Page 20
He supposed he was looking for Lasica. He didn’t know where she went on her walks after they fought. She knew him well enough to be able to avoid him. The library? He went looking for her, a single Gnoll stumbling forwards. Disheveled, unsteady—but one in a crowd. Sometimes a [Guard] might stop him, or a friend, on days like this, but rarely. Pallass was home to millions.
So, it was unusual for Rufelt to be noticed, but he met someone as he walked up to the 6th Floor. They were talking next to the grand staircase, another chance meeting. He noticed them because it was impossible not to; even in Pallass, a Centaur was rare, and a Human unusual. But the figure of the massive Drake bulging with muscle, Grimalkin of Pallass, was more unmistakable too.
It seemed he wasn’t the only person having a bad day. Not that Palt and Imani looked like they were suffering; they were arm in arm, doing some window shopping in the City of Inventions. They had discovered that it was quite possible to go for a day-trip and explore the quite fascinating Walled City, from visiting the public bathhouses to different shops, and so on.
It was Magus Grimalkin of Pallass who looked upset. Only, not miserable—he had the narrowed eyes and tense posture that Rufelt had seen rarely when the Drake visited his bar. Grimalkin was angry.
“…I’d like to talk to this Elirr, or any other Silverfangs still in the city. Miss Mrsha has quite good diction; would she know anything about this? I’ve questioned Plains Gnolls in Pallass, but no one can give me a straight answer.”
He was talking to the two, who looked genuinely concerned. Imani was nodding.
“Of course. Come on through any time; Liska checks the door, and it’s not like we have any visitors. Do you know why it happened?”
Palt was smoking a thin blue rollup. He took it out, frowning, as the smoke funneled away, rather than fill the air around them, a permanent little cantrip. Rufelt stopped, swaying, focusing on something else with relief.
“You hear strange things about Gnolls and magic. I heard a secret once in Wistram about the tribes sending one of their own to the academy, but I’m embarrassed to say I never looked into it. Could Ferkr have been…doing someone a favor? It’s the only reason I can think of.”
“I don’t teach my apprentices to lie, Mage Palt.”
Grimalkin snapped back, and then visibly controlled himself.
“Apologies. She’s not responding to me and I have no idea where she is. I am going to get to the bottom of this. Thank you for your time. I apologize—I will visit the inn. Excuse me, I must make arrangements for my travels.”
He stalked off, clearing a path by his presence alone. Palt and Imani watched him go. Rufelt heard the two whispering, Imani standing on tip-toes to whisper into Palt’s ear.
“I wonder what happened. Did you ever see Grimalkin so mad?”
“Not since he got locked out of Erin’s garden. I know it’s inappropriate but—did you see his upper bicep twitching under his shirt? The one on the left? I couldn’t stop staring at it!”
“Palt! He’s worried about his apprentice.”
“It’s still hilarious—”
And then they noticed Rufelt. The two blinked, and then Imani’s eyes widened.
“Is that you, Rufelt? You look—terrible!”
The Gnoll blinked at them. He realized he’d been standing amid the traffic, ignoring the insults and occasional shoves from passersby. He jerked.
“Oh. Imani. Palt. I’m just…what are you doing?”
The [Bartender] saw both exchange glances. They came over and stood by the railings, talking. Imani peered at Rufelt.
