8.27
Page 1
In fact, Lyonette had outsmarted even the people now trying to race out the city gates and stop ‘her’, because she wasn’t leaving with the first shuttle north. She’d made one stop with Saliss in tow, just before she left.
“Excuse me? I’m looking for Researcher Dromenl? Lion Solstice and Saliss of Lights.”
The research institute that Lyonette had visited before opened its doors to her and she was conveyed for a speedy meeting with the Human man. After all, she’d convinced one of the best research teams in Oteslia to take on her case. It was in their best interests; they’d get no Faerie Flower parts without her help.
Thus, Researcher Dromenl had taken half his team to look into Lyonette’s quandary while the others were using their sample of non-growable cuttings to find out what they did. The man was quite polite, and offered her 3-day old tea, which Lyonette refused.
“I see you’ve been working hard?”
He wiped at his face, and was mystified by the smudges his hand returned.
“What? Oh, yes, Miss Solstice. Quite. It’s a fascinating problem, if a confusing one. Returning a frozen person to life…there are precedents. We’ve made some headway.”
“Really?”
Lyonette and even Saliss leaned forwards. She’d been worried they’d be devoted only to the flowers, for all that had been the carrot to get them to take on her project, but it seemed once a [Researcher] got stuck into a project, there they remained. Dromenl nodded enthusiastically, sipping from the old tea with no apparent disgust.
“Indeed. Healing issues aside…well, your poison is a known mix in the Hectval region. Tongueshade, Pithberry, and I think the venom of a Sworttoad or something similar. We’re working the last one out; it’s a classic anti-healing poison, practically standard on crossbow bolts.”
“I could have told you that. I did tell you that, didn’t I?”
Saliss snorted. Dromenl gave the [Alchemist] a reproving look. Lyonette just sat up, writing down the ingredients. They’d actually found out the poison?
“Yes, well, Master Saliss, you could probably heal or produce an antidote easily enough on a living patient. However, in this case? We’re working on neutralizing it, which won’t be easy if it’s in the bloodstream, but there are ways.”
“Tell me.”
Dromenl sighed, but recited his findings from memory.
“Well now, what we’re looking at are multiple issues, so my team is working on each one…with various degrees of success. The poison’s easiest. We debated a counteragent, but if it’s in the ah, body—it would be easiest to extract it prior to a healing attempt. What we need is a skilled [Mage] who can perform a [Detoxin] spell that removes said poison. We’ll find the right spell; we just need to consult enough spellbooks.”
“That’s—that’s wonderful.”
Lyonette and Saliss exchanged a look. Just conjure the poison out? Dromenl nodded.
“That’s simple. The harder issue is…bringing back someone who’d technically alive, but frozen. Frankly, I’m not sure if this young woman is alive—”
“She is. We tested.”
He nodded.
“—Then the trick is her flesh. Not healing. The Potion of Regeneration may have failed simply because her flesh cannot be unfrozen by mere heat. The damage…well. That’s why you hired us. I’m still not sure a Potion of Regeneration even works on someone with her parameters—only the living. We’re looking into precedent.”
“That doesn’t sound promising.”
Saliss raised his brows. Lyonette’s heart sank. Dromenl gave them another patient smile.
