8.27
Page 21
“We’re on a little shopping date. Ingredients, but mostly interesting things. I haven’t seen you or Lasica since…”
She trailed off and Rufelt felt a pang in his chest. It still happened—people meeting him and remembering. Or not knowing and asking—
Where was his white armband? He’d forgotten it. So many people had stopped wearing it after the first week, the first month. As if—it was already time to move on. Rufelt hated that. He just shook his head.
“Condolences. Are you…”
Palt hesitated because ‘are you feeling better’, or ‘are you well’, or any question of that nature was clearly evident from look alone. Rufelt mutely shook his head.
“I’ll be better soon.”
Time. 
What do you see in the picture? He tried to smile and they gave him uncertain grins in return; he couldn’t have known what a rictus was on his face.
He looked at them. On a date, they’d said? Imani was asking about Lasica and he mumbled something.
“You’re seeing each other, then.”
Imani smiled and Palt ducked his head.
“It just sort of—happened.”
“No, it didn’t. It took a while and it was completely uncoincidental. Palt helped me so much in dealing with my nightmares about Crelers and he can cook. Then, he had to deal with his love for Erin, and now we’re finally here.”
Imani poked Palt in the side and he shuffled his hooves.
“I like my version better. It sounds more romantic. Like the mov—like a classic romance from your home, you know?”
“More romantic than a genuine connection? Palt! Accidentally falling in love with someone you run into is…such a Centaur idea!”
Said Centaur harrumphed.
“It’s a classic in my culture too. Two Centaurs nearly gallop into one another, or collide, they get to talking after the first quarrel…”
“Sounds like a recipe for broken legs, especially if it’s Centaurs.”
“You’re not romantic at all.”
The two smiled at each other, before recalling Rufelt, so into each other’s presence that it was the kind of thing a little Gnoll might pretend to dry-heave at. Yet it struck Rufelt differently. He looked at the two and the words slipped out as part of him…came awake.
“A Human and a Centaur. I imagine it draws a few comments, even in Invrisil. Do they bother you in Liscor?”
He asked because—well, they were familiar. They were younger, but not actually that different in age from the Drake and Gnoll when they’d met. And while it was a different pairing of species, he did understand this. Imani’s smile slipped and Palt frowned, puffing on his blue cigarette.
“You get a few idiots wherever you go. I’m used to the stares. You’d be surprised; Invrisil is the worst with it. I suppose Drakes think Humans can do whatever they want. It’s why we prefer Pallass. But then—I suppose you’d know, wouldn’t you, Mister Rufelt?”
The Gnoll did know. Gnolls and Drakes marrying was the most common interspecies marriage in all of Izril, even more than Humans and Drakes or Humans and Gnolls, given the proximity of the two species in the south.
Even now, though, he remembered family, friends…and comments. He looked at Imani and Palt, who were clearly familiar with whatever was said by now. And content to ignore it.
It was like looking at an old reflection of him and Lasica. Not alike in so many ways, but the core of it…Rufelt’s knees trembled. He felt weak. He looked at the past and the words spilled out of his mouth in the present.
“Don’t invest everything in it. Don’t—be careful when you care for each other. Children, marriage—it’s a double-edged sword.”
Don’t fall in love. He nearly said that, but he was ashamed when it came to the tip of his tongue.
