8.27
Page 16
He didn’t mention her mother and Oteslia, though Niers was wondering what that boded. Drake infighting was plain enough, but there were layers and if he’d had proper intel, he might have made it an assignment with his class to puzzle out.
No time for that now. Focus. Niers knew he wasn’t really abreast of things. So, what he did today was ask Mrsha for help in an interesting way. A safe way, which disappointed her a bit, but a vital one.
 
—-
 
“There you are. I heard from Pawn you ate five cookies. No dessert for you. What do you want?”
Mrsha scowled up at Ishkr. She handed him a bit of paper.
I would like to visit Liscor, please.
It was one of her standard cards. Ishkr eyed Mrsha.
“To eat more snacks?”
Mrsha shook her head. She signed that she wanted to pay a visit—to the Mage’s Guild. Ishkr hesitated.
“Oh—I suppose so. Do you want to send Lyonette a [Message]? We can do that.”
To his surprise, she said ‘no’, although Mrsha did amend that to ‘maybe’ after a second. But that wasn’t her purpose. She really wanted to go check something. The Gnoll hesitated, but the inn was empty as always, so he agreed to take her.
 
—-
 
Niers tagged along in Mrsha’s belt pouch. It was far from comfy, squished up as he was, and he risked a bit of squashing, but he wanted to know. She walked on two feet with Ishkr as they went to the Mage’s Guild and he waited for her to put his plan into action. She heard Ishkr muttering as they went to the head of the line.
“What’s this about? Excuse me, hello.”
“Hello! How can I help you today? Oh—is that Miss Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll was a celebrity of sorts, if only for her white fur. She waved at the Drake, who knew Erin. The [Scribe] smiled as Ishkr explained.
“We have a [Message] to send to Miss Lyonette in Oteslia…but I think we have other business?”
Mrsha nodded. The [Scribe] read the neat writing, which was a match for her own, and her brows shot up.
I, Mrsha, would like to inquire into the Merchant Droshi’s business and news. He is working for The Wandering Inn.
“Merchant Droshi?”
Both Ishkr and the [Scribe] looked puzzled, but the [Scribe] at least nodded.
“I can pull up anything…one second.”
“I didn’t know we were working with a [Merchant]. Did Lyonette ask you to check?”
Ishkr grumbled at Mrsha, a bit nonplussed that he had no idea who this was. Some person in the north, like the [Lords] who still asked if they could get goods shipments? Mrsha made an excuse as Niers grinned inside the belt pouch.
It was hardly the most cunning plan, but it worked. ‘Droshi’ didn’t exist—it might be some Drake’s name, but it was one of a few he knew to ask for. And he did exist today, and his regular reports to his clients were lodged at a Mage’s Guild, ready to be retrieved. It was service they offered.
And the Forgotten Wing Company often made use of it. In fact, Mrsha received no less than a full page of writing, and paid for it out of her own belt pouch, much to Ishkr’s bemusement. The [Scribe] who’d copied it out looked a bit amused.
“I’m afraid it’s a bit dry, but I hope you find it um, useful. I’ll take your [Message] to Oteslia now. Care of Lyonette? One second and I’ll run it up to the [Mage] on day-duty. That will be…”
Niers tuned out the rest. He’d come along just to make sure it all went well, and while Mrsha had neatly folded the bit of paper and put it in the pouch he was in, he didn’t want to unfold it and make noise. It was also too dark to see, so he stared at the bits of words he could see until they got back to the inn.
