8.27
Page 7
“Someone stop Femar! Stop—pull back the [Soldiers]! We don’t want conflict with Pallass!”
It was too late. The Sharkcaptain had seen the first [Soldiers] go down. He roared, already running forwards, pointed at Saliss and the others, and bellowed over the top of the commands.
“You!”
He might not have even recognized Saliss. The four were running towards Oteslia, but the [Soldiers] were keeping clear of Saliss’ spear. The naked Drake turned as he saw and heard the Sharkcaptain running at him. Wilovan turned, eyed the Sharkcaptain and ran faster after Lyonette.
 
—-
 
The idiot of idiots was coming his way. Saliss saw the Sharkcaptain of Zeres, his own barbed spear aimed at him and shouted back.
“You idiot! Just let us go! Don’t make this worse!”
He didn’t get an intelligible reply. The Sharkcaptain of Zeres bellowed in fury and charged. Saliss swore.
“Don’t make me—”
That Drake was far more dangerous than a regular [Soldier]. Saliss checked his bag of holding, mind racing.
He had two dozen items in stock he could use. He reached for the shapeshifting tincture. If it was the Sharkcaptain, it was kill or die if that idiot lost his head.
Not one of our best, dying over this! Senseless, senseless—his mind was racing. But if it was him or the Sharkcaptain…Saliss grabbed the tincture and lifted it, swearing. Lyonette’s horse reared, screaming, as the jaws of the Drake’s aura closed on it and Lyonette screamed. She stared down at the blood from the gashes on her arm and barely blocked the rest of the aura; Ratici staggered, Wilovan snarled, spinning with his club. Saliss saw the huge Drake leap through the air—
And twist. Something flickered past Saliss and he heard a second bellow, saw a blur in the air. The huge Drake crashed down, slashing with his spear, rolling upright and clutching at…the stab wounds?
Shriekblade leapt backwards, grinning, her daggers stained red. Saliss blinked at her.
“Tessa?”
She was slashing, diving in and out, tagging the Sharkcaptain twice more, ignoring his aura, which cut at her own scarred scales. Saliss turned, half about to go back. One stab and she was dead—or the Sharkcaptain was. Either way, Izril lost someone they couldn’t afford to, and this was the worst duo to get into a fight. Neither one would back down until the other was dead.
 
—-
 
It was about this time the Admiral of the Land realized how far it had all gotten in moments. This ‘routine’ siege had turned into the makings of a true disaster. This wasn’t supposed to turn into combat action! They were just here for the referendum on the Human peace—and the Meeting of Tribes. Not this.
“Dead gods! Two Named Adventurers—get the Sharkcaptain to safety! Pallass and Salazsar have taken the field!”
If he died—calamity, not just from the Serpentine Matriarch’s wrath. It would be war indeed, full-out, and in earnest. More of Zeres’ soldiers rushed forwards, to prevent the bloodbath. The three who’d started all this were trying to make for the gates, but now Liscor’s army had seen and the [Riders] were shooting towards them.
A massacre! But for who? The Admiral of the Land saw a single shape break through the horror-show. His eyes widened and he threw up a claw and bellowed the only order he could.
“Hold! Everyone—hold! Do not advance! Do not attack!”
His army slowed as the last party entered the fray. Lyonette du Marquin looked up and could have sobbed in relief.
 
—-
 
