8.28
Page 43
He was standing in front of Belavierr. Everyone else had fallen down. Their clothing choking them, the very threads and dark bindings dragging them down.
The [Witch] stared at Pawn’s armor and clothing. She gestured; Pawn’s armored hood, customized for Antinium, moved slightly. He stopped it with his fourth arm.
“Strange. Is she some kind of clothing-mage?”
“Strange. You…have I ever met a thing like you?”
The two regarded each other, equally puzzled. No—Belavierr more so. Pawn just saw a giant Human with a hat, threatening to kill Mrsha.
“Begone, whoever you are. I will hurt you if you try to hurt Mrsha.”
He brandished the shield and club. They weren’t magical. He held the censer in his other two hands, and it smelled of cinnamon.
Belavierr made an incredulous sound.
“Begone, little ant. I have bested your great [Mage]. You cannot harm me.”
Pawn glanced towards where Xrn had done battle. He nodded, slowly, not ignoring the truth of that. His head rose and his mandibles clicked softly as he looked up at Belavierr.
“That may be true. But you will not harm Mrsha. I have promised.”
So saying, he advanced. Belavierr was a giant now, forty feet tall. She could have attacked Liscor’s walls themselves. Pawn seemed comically small as he strode at her leg, covered by her dress. He charged and swung his club.
“For Erin and the inn!”
He did not expect to hurt her, just slow her, to save Mrsha. Belavierr expected nothing either. Mrsha saw her reach over Pawn, ignoring him. Pawn swung his club and smacked her shin.
And Belavierr winced. Mrsha saw the involuntary reaction run across her face, then a look of astonishment. Mrsha gaped too.
That was not Belavierr acknowledging pain, or stumbling. It was not her saying ‘ow’ when her skin was on fire. It was actually…pain. She recoiled. Pawn swung his club again. Belavierr’s face twisted into one of confusion.
“Why…?”
She was normal-sized in a moment. She stared at Pawn, backing away. Then she bent and…rubbed at her shin. Pawn hesitated.
“I thought I was dead. What is this person? Some [Mage]?”
He looked at Mrsha. She just gaped at him. Belavierr frowned.
“…I cannot see your class. What—what are you?”
She eyed Pawn, disturbed. He looked at her. Then he charged.
“For the inn! Defend it once more!”
Belavierr produced a staff of dark metal and blocked Pawn’s club. Light flashed and she stumbled. She stared at the artifact she held, and then Pawn’s club. It should have exploded, and taken the Antinium with it! Yet he had matched the Stave of Nerrhavia, given to the Stitch Witch long ago, like it was a relic of the same class! She tested it on a Flesh Worm crawling away nearby and it exploded.
Pawn flinched at the rain of flesh. He eyed the staff and backed up a step. Belavierr eyed his club and pointed at it.
“How did you come by that relic?”
The Worker eyed his club.
“…I bought it for three coppers on discount from a [Blacksmith].”
The two looked at each other. Then Belavierr spun. Her eyes went wide, the replacement and immortal one.
“What is…that?”
Mrsha saw two figures advancing on her from the side. Niers, Rags—everyone lying on the ground looked up. Mrsha had seen, heard about the things Pawn could summon; he had told Lyonette about them.
But those were not Aberrations. Two glowing Workers stepped forwards, armed with simple weapons. They looked…like Pawn. Yellow Splatters, lying prone, held down by the armor suddenly twice as heavy as lead, looked up and whispered.
“Knight. Bishop?”
“Erin would make a pun. I cannot.”
