8.28
Page 7
The beavers had fled the pond? Mrsha’s head turned back slowly. That was…strange. The adult Fortress Beavers, the Defenders of the Cave, and their little kits almost never left the garden. They knew how safe it was. If they had left, did that mean they thought something was wrong? Had they known, once Rufelt and Lasica were in that…?
She felt a sense of unease creep over her, but reassured herself that Belavierr couldn’t get in. Mrsha had tricked her, and a [Witch] who had been tricked lost all her power! Or did you have to steal her hat? Throw water on her?
“No secret entrances, huh?”
Lasica sighed as Mrsha gestured around the garden. Rufelt sat down on the hilltop.
“Almost all the Faerie Flowers are dead. That’s a shame. I liked them. Sage’s Grass…are those the beginnings of a garden over there?”
Mrsha nodded importantly at some of the vegetables and growing Blue Fruit trees and such that Lyonette and Erin had added.
“Not very useful unless you want me to make a salad.”
Lasica sighed. Rufelt nodded.
“I could make a magical drink with some Sage’s Grass and…alcohol…but that’s about it. I think we have to leave, dear.”
Mrsha sighed. She was a low-level [Druid] and [Survivor] and somehow she felt like she had the most applicable Skills to this situation. She pointed across the dome.
“The door? Can you make it appear there?”
The two adults hurried after her. Mrsha nodded importantly. She didn’t have to actually walk over to that side; she could make the door appear right where it had been, only with a different exit point—but all of them instinctively wanted to get as far away from Belavierr as possible. She led them to a bare patch of wall.
“Just open it right in front of the portal door, Mrsha. Belavierr’s in the common room and I bet she’s standing where she is or trying to get in. Even if she senses us—we can lure her away, and jump through to Pallass. Even she would have trouble if all the Watch arrived. I think. I’ll go; Lasica, you’ll stay with Mrsha.”
“Don’t be stupid, Rufelt! What if she catches you?”
The Gnoll hunched his shoulders.
“She said she can’t harm us. I just have to run through and call the alarm.”
“What if we’re caught in her [Immortal Moment] Skill even there?”
Rufelt shook his head.
“Pallass is 400 miles south of here. There’s no way her Skill reaches that far, through the door, surely. It’s not that powerful. She’s not that powerful. Right?”
Mrsha and Lasica hesitated. In theory, Mrsha thought that was right. You could probably escape an [Immortal Moment] if you weren’t a willing participant by getting out of its ‘range’. On the other paw…
“We can only try. Open the door, Mrsha. No one make a sound. If it looks safe, we’ll maybe try opening really fast.”
The little Gnoll nodded. She turned to the ivy-covered wall, took a deep breath, and motioned for silence. Rufelt and Lasica nodded, and the door opened.
It revealed the portal room, now set up to take in visitors who might be hostile via the truth-archways and semi-fortified. Mrsha leapt back—and nearly ran into Rufelt.
“Ow! What’s wrong?”
He whispered. Mrsha glanced at him, and the empty room.
She’d just thought Belavierr would be standing there or something. It seemed like a classic ‘evil [Witch]’ move. She shook her head.
“I thought she’d be there. The door’s close! Damn—I’d have to go through the archway to get to it.”
