8.28
Page 35
The [Siegemaster] looked left. He saw the Minotaur charging. At their catapults. Four arrows had managed to pierce his hide. And…he had an axe raised. He was roaring, so loudly that Hectval’s entrenched army heard it.
“Liscor’s army is beginning to charge!”
“Kill that Minotaur!”
The [Siegemaster] roared. Lightning bolt spells flashed out.
It was a bad day for lightning. They struck the Minotaur, three missing, two landing home. He stumbled—and then kept running. The Drakes looked at the Minotaur as he charged.
Death before dishonor. Then he was upon the catapult teams. He swung his axe and two Drakes vanished. The [Siegemaster] whirled around.
“Kill that Minotaur!”
Riders thundered down on Calruz, but he swung his axe, bellowing. The catapults hesitated, in disarray from this threat. Liscor’s army was charging now. 4th Company leading the way, coming in from the flank.
The [Siegemaster] was telling them to fire, fire any catapults at the army! But something was wrong. The chaos around the catapults was getting worse. He saw one of the war machines…sink into the earth. Like the ground was spongy. Another area collapsed. Then he saw the Antinium.
They stared up at him. Armor painted with their colors. The [Siegemaster]’s scales went grey with horror. Yellow Splatters murmured.
“Idiot.”
They forgot so soon that Liscor was an Antinium city as much as Drake. Perhaps they just thought there was no way Liscor would ever use Antinium tactics. But Olesm would.
The [Crusaders] surged out of the secret tunnels. Just in time; Zevara’s Watch and Liscor’s army were nearly on Hectval. Yellow Splatters chanced one look for the inn before he was leading the charge. The Antinium were fighting here—Tersk and Dekass and the other Prognugators had joined the Painted Antinium to destroy this army. He had to trust Xrn would guard the inn.
He saw the Small Queen activate her spell in the distance.
 
—-
 
Belavierr was getting tired of this Drake [Mage]. He was…persistent. And while he was not at her strength, he could distract her.
The Sinew Magus was panting. He ducked another blow from those enchanted scissors, and charged backwards. Just in time.
“[Wail of the Banshee].”
The scream tore the air, but Belavierr realized her magic wouldn’t kill the Drake. Worse—she looked up.
Xrn was done with her spell. The Antinium pointed her staff down at Belavierr and spoke. But it was no attack spell. Grimalkin swore as he unconsciously reached for a notepad. He and Belavierr understood at once as Xrn spoke.
“[I Call Open the Manaforge]—”
A…gap opened up in the sky behind her. Like the one Belavierr had torn open, but shining. Dimensional magic. Belavierr murmured.
“A [Thaumaturge]. I may be in danger.”
Xrn was glowing. Her voice was like thunder.
“[My Soul Shall Forge New Magic]—”
Belavierr began walking back slowly. Her eyes fixed on the glowing astral land beyond. Power, mana, raw and untamed, was flowing into that land of creation. To birth weapons never seen before.
“[Until Infinity Exhausts Itself].”
Xrn completed her spell and hovered between two worlds. It was that spell that told Belavierr the Small Queen’s class. The spell every [Thaumaturge] learned. But—always different.
A spell flickered in the air, half-writ, barely completed. Xrn had used her great magic to create a place where new incantations could be created. It was a process only the greatest [Mages] could dream of enacting, even with all this help. If you knew magic, you could see what she was working on. Belavierr looked.
Her skin crawled. She grew uneasy.
