8.28
Page 25
Rags didn’t run in with her shortsword. She had a claw to her temples. This wasn’t going to be solved with her blades. Bird charged past her.
“I am a distraction! Oh—”
He dove behind Montressa’s barrier as a needle twice as long as his arm nearly went through his head. Rags swore and went for cover too; half-hearted or not, she could kill them easily. She looked around. Where were the hat-men?
The answer was that they were fighting too.
 
—-
 
The Plain’s Eye Doomhunters had seen Okrha enter the inn and then heard nothing from her. They did not think she was alive.
“The Antinium’s gone. Do we go in? She could be alive—”
They were arguing. Their [Hunt Leader] snarled.
“They know we’re here. Seceik, Nisha, Redl, inside! Cover Redl—in and out.”
The three Gnolls rose from the grass. Two covered the inn as the rest advanced, wary of a trap. Redl rose and activated his shaman-markings; his fur was like the Steelfur Tribe’s for a moment. He burst through the doorway. There was a shout.
“Okhra’s dead. Someone’s slain her! I hear—fighting? There’s—”
A snarl. He threw himself back out of the inn, a crossbow bolt buried in one shoulder.
“Ambush! Someone shot me from the walls!”
He howled in pain as the other two Gnolls took aim at the attackers and—hesitated.
“I didn’t see where the arrow came from!”
“It’s poisoned. No—no, it burns.”
“Fall back.”
The three ran back. Redl realized what it was as his fur smoked and burned. He poured a potion on it desperately.
“Acid! They dipped the bolt in acid—”
“They are waiting for us. How did they know we would arrive? Are there more?”
The Gnolls of the Plain’s Eye tribe growled at each other. The [Hunt Leader] looked at the inn. He wanted to howl his hatred. Doom lay within. It had claimed one of theirs already because they were careless. He looked at Liscor, made up his mind.
“No tricks. No trying that ambush again. We destroy the inn. Nisha. Blow it apart.”
The Gnoll [Ranger] looked at their leader uncertainly, then nodded. She pulled out objects from her bag of holding, one after another, in rapid succession.
They were bundles of arrows, each one in groups of twenty; a single glowing arrowhead in the center of each. Standard for Plain’s Eye warriors of their rank. She placed four on the ground and then raised her enchanted bow. She growled.
“[Piercing Shots]. [Rain of Arrows]!”
Her bow began to sing. All eighty arrows began to loose into the air with the ones she manually fired. A rain flying up and arching down—
 
—-
 
“Ancestors!”
One of the [Guards] on the wall saw the first arrows land. The enchanted arrows blew apart in grey blasts of light; the rest shredded wood, mundane or not. The [Guard] sprinted down the wall to the Senior Guard on duty.
“The inn! It’s under attack again!”
“Sound the alarm!”
The Watch on the eastern and southern walls came alive, trying to pinpoint the sudden attack. They watched as the Level 30 Skill shredded the inn! The…
 
—-
 
They took out the tower and part of the roof. The Gnolls stared incredulously at the inn. If it rained, there would be flooding on the third floor. That was it.
“Reinforced walls. What level is that Skill?”
“[Hunt Leader], we’ve been spotted.”
Horns were blaring from Liscor’s walls. The [Hunt Leader] cursed.
“Then we go in. Eight.”
He called for a full third of their group. The Gnolls grimly armored up; they had the magic of their tribe and they were all high-level. The rest moved closer. The [Hunt Leader] watched as the first eight Gnolls went into the inn. Fighting began in seconds.
“Ambush! They’re in the walls!”
