8.28
Page 13
It came from an unfamiliar angle. Mrsha heard the whisper, louder.
“Let me in. Let me in, Mrsha. Let me in.”
She stopped dead in her tracks. Lasica had heard it too. She shined the wand around.
“There’s no way…where is she?”
Rufelt whirled, paws raised as if he wanted to fist-fight Belavierr. He looked right, left. The whispers seemed to come from everywhere.
“She’s not in here! It’s a trick! But where…?”
All three began to look around. They had to know where Belavierr was; not knowing was terrifying. The whispers grew louder.
“Let me in, Mrsha. Let me in. Letmein. lEt mE IN. LeT Me In. Let me IN—letmeinletmeinletmeinletmeinletmein—”
Where was she? Mrsha looked right, left, down…and then, because she had exhausted all other options, she looked up at last. And saw her.
Belavierr was craning through the opening in the dome above the garden. Her orange eyes shone down as she leaned down, whispering. Mrsha pointed up and Lasica screamed as she saw Belavierr there.
How was she there? There was no way! Mrsha ran up the hill, screaming now, making the only sound she could in her throat. This had gone from scary to true horror. She ran up the hill. Erin! Save me! Save—
“There you are. I knew I would find my way in.”
Belavierr turned. Her orange eyes glowed as she stared down at Mrsha. The Gnoll girl froze.
Belavierr was standing at the top of the hill. She stood there, as if she had always been there. Rufelt, Lasica, and Mrsha froze.
“She—she got in.”
Rufelt stared up at the hole in the roof where Belavierr no longer was. She’d gotten in. Mrsha’s eyes were wide.
“I take back my deal, Mrsha. Now? I will be angry. Come here.”
Belavierr began walking down the hill. Mrsha backed up.
“Mrsha, run! Run for the portal door!”
Lasica ran at Belavierr, swinging her wand. Rufelt charged after her. Belavierr saw both adults coming and pivoted. She moved unnaturally fast and Rufelt missed, tripping into the darkness. Lasica slashed, but Belavierr whirled past her. Then walked towards Mrsha.
The little Gnoll ran down the hill, screaming, for the door.
“Come here.”
Belavierr dodged with unnatural speed again, as Rufelt and Lasica charged her. She moved slow—then with blinding speed. She was following Mrsha, with an inexorable pace that somehow seemed like it was catching up. But Mrsha was running for the wall. Pallass! Celum? Invrisil? Liscor? She was sobbing as she ran past the lake.
“Mrsha, get out of here!’
Again, Lasica missed as Belavierr casually dodged her. For all she seemed so static, she was moving too fast now! She saw Mrsha run to the wall and the door appeared. Then—Mrsha froze.
“Mrsha!”
Rufelt roared. He was hitting only air. He saw Belavierr’s pace quicken. She came at Mrsha as husband and wife turned. They saw the child slowly rotate, eyes wide. Belavierr reached down with clawing hand—
And her arm passed through Mrsha. The two adults stopped. Mrsha flinched. Yet Belavierr’s gaze was only…disappointed. She glanced past Mrsha at the open doorway, which led into the inviting portal room again.
Another trap. How had Mrsha known, though? She looked down. At the pond where the Fortress Beavers’ dam was.
There, reflected in the still water, was the dome overhead. And in it—
Belavierr stared down at Mrsha. She reappeared as the shadow image of her vanished. She stopped moving her hands, stopped playing with the light.
Shadow puppets. Only, as she could make them. She stared down at Mrsha. The little Gnoll looked up at her. A third time she had bested Belavierr, by luck as much as anything. But she didn’t gloat anymore.
