8.28
Page 12
She turned and ran for the jungle. And the door followed her in. The [Witch] stood, whispering through the vines and brush.
“You will bring ill luck to all those who love you. You have already. Do you think it coincidence? Doombringer. I can remove it.”
Mrsha turned and fled back the way she’d come. Belavierr whispered from past the water as Rufelt went to grab Mrsha, but she was running in terror now, fleeing every time she met that gaze.
“How many died already? You bear the mark of terrible fate to come. Your friends will die trying to protect you and it will be your fault. Don’t you want me to twist destiny for you? Offer you safety for the future? Which will it be?”
“Mrsha, run. Don’t listen.”
Lasica whispered. She seized Mrsha as the Gnoll girl found herself running around the base of the hill. Mrsha looked into the Drake’s panic-stricken eyes.
Safety! She had to—Mrsha looked around. Then she looked up to the only natural place. Oh, of course.
The top of the hill of mists. She turned and ran. Belavierr saw the white shape dart up the hill, racing higher. The [Witch] did not curse or bemoan failing to catch Mrsha. She just sighed.
“Foolish child. Do you think I have no power, even here? For you? I will use it.”
A long hand snaked down. Belavierr looked at her own hand as Mrsha ran up towards the hill where Erin lay. She regarded her fingers, as if she had never seen them before. Then her smile widened, stretching across her face.
She snapped her fingers.
Overhead, the sun turned off.
 
—-
 
Mrsha stopped in darkness. She looked up.
The sky was gone. The clouds, the frozen blue sky and sun—had all gone dark. There were no stars. It had been eaten, like the rest of the inn.
Belavierr had turned off the light! Mrsha backed up—then nearly tumbled down the hill as she lost her footing. It was so dark!
The only light left in the whole garden came from the Sage’s Grass below. Maybe a glimmer from above, on the hilltop, but…Mrsha stumbled down towards the Sage’s Grass.
“Mrsha! Dead gods, Mrsha! Where are you? Lasica!”
“I’m here! Ow! Ancestors, what was—”
Lasica kicked something hard. Mrsha heard a crash; it was the laptop, abandoned. She found herself running into an empty picnic basket, a soccer ball…
The grass here was wet underfoot from a shower not quite dried away, or the roving watering cloud of mists. The three stood amid the glowing Sage’s Grass. Mrsha looked around.
“It’s so damned dark. How did she do that?”
“The same way she did everything! We need light! Hold on. Let me just…[Light]! Aha!”
Lasica pulled, of all things, a little wand out of her bag of holding. She used the emergency wand to shine the light around. Mrsha and Rufelt were very close. It was…
Scary in the [Garden of Sanctuary] without any lights.
“Dead gods. Let’s—she’s angry at you, Mrsha. Lasica, we have to do something.”
“What? Run for it? I think that’s the stupidest thing we can do, Rufelt. Not that there’s anything smart. Let’s—let’s get up to the hill with the mists. We’ll be safest there, if anywhere. At least if we go up there, she can’t use the door to find us around the edges of the garden.”
All that made sense. The other two nodded. Mrsha felt every hair pricking up. This was—wrong. No light? Even at night, the stars were so beautiful—this seemed wrong. Like the [Garden of Sanctuary] was losing against Belavierr. It couldn’t. She couldn’t get in.
The three advanced up the slope. Mrsha was looking around for the glowing eyes against a far wall. She was looking so hard, she nearly missed the first whisper.
“Let me in.”
