8.28
Page 38
Xrn looked down. Grimalkin uttered a curse and Xrn didn’t see why. All Belavierr had was a bit of green on her fingers. Her blood. So what?
The Small Queen had never faced a [Witch]. Let alone a hex and curse expert. Belavierr smiled wickedly. She looked at Grimalkin as he shouted up at Xrn.
“Now. [Blood of Enemies, Boil].”
Xrn raised her staff. She called a searing prism of magic to life and shot a ray of burning red towards—Grimalkin. The [Sinew Magus] dodged. He roared—and pointed up.
“[Siege Fireball]!”
Xrn blocked the spell. Why had Grimalkin attacked her? Why had—
Drake! My foe! Slayer of my kin! Die—we were always going to slay each other!
A wave of lava poured forth at Grimalkin. He was running, aiming more spells at her. Everything he had prepared to fight her. Kill the Antinium. Kill the—
Belavierr watched, smiling. The strange [Thaumaturge] was strong. But she had no protections against Belavierr.
Still—the two weren’t idiots. They exchanged another withering blast of fire, and then Grimalkin growled.
“I can’t—”
“I am under some sort of magical attack, Magus Grimalkin. We are wasting energy. She is…doing something with my blood.”
“Stop her.”
Grimalkin spread his arms. Xrn didn’t hesitate. But she pulled the blow. Instead of annihilation, she flicked her finger.
A gigantic copy appeared and did the same to the Sinew Magus. He tasted blood as he flew for the second time that day. However—that left Xrn free.
“Enough. Perish, Human.”
She conjured her incomplete spell from the Manaforge and hurled it down. Belavierr shrieked as something cut into her. Xrn saw something snap. For a second she saw the same thing Mrsha had—and saw her burn away Belavierr’s protections.
Not enough. Yet she saw a weakness and poured more mana into research, adjusting the spell.
Belavierr finished her spell first. The last drop of Xrn’s blood she was whispering to, completely at odds with Xrn’s creation in the Manaforge. She was just…
Negotiating.
“We shall strike a pact, you and I. Power for power’s get. Your enemy mine, so I shall grant you my strength this time. Come and twist, destiny’s thread. Come—take her head.”
Xrn felt the air twist. She whirled, wondering wh—
Facestealer tore her left arm off. It crawled out of the portal. Her—
It grabbed her head and yanked. Xrn flailed. A claw tore half her head off. Xrn’s eyes went…blank.
Oh. Klbkch, Wrymvr. I may be dying. 
I’m sorry.
 
—-
 
Across Izril, in the Hivelands, Wrymvr froze. He heard it.
Klbkch, flexing an arm, froze. The Queens stopped. Incredulously.
“Xrniavxxel?”
The Grand Queen’s mandibles opened in horror. Klbkch’s head rose. It could not be. It could not—
 
—-
 
Xrn’s head began to tear. The claw sliced—and magic poured forth.
Raw magic. Her very being exploded outwards. It lashed Facestealer, tearing all the hide off its body and revealing the bone shell. It began to dig deeper, pure mana unleashed.
It let go, fleeing, retreating back through the portal. Belavierr hissed, but she watched, smiling, as Xrn flew back. The Small Queen put her good hand to the gap in her neck. Her eyes were flickering. She stared down at her missing arm and shoulder, at Belavierr.
“yOu. i wILl RemEMbeR tHIS.”
She flew back, trailing her life essence. Fleeing. The Stitch Witch watched her go. Then her head turned.
“Now, the inn. Come, fate’s soldiers. Come…let us end this.”
Monsters poured forth from the gaps she had torn open. Threads of fate. Mrsha’s, Xrn’s…
