8.28
Page 32
Jeiss was bellowing, but his stomach was in a knot. The army wasn’t ready! Hectval wanted to defend themselves; they were digging in. And that thing coming up…
Nightmarish, nightmarish. Watch Captain Zevara was mustering all the [Guards] she could, but it would be Watch versus whatever that [Witch] called out and Hectval’s soldiers. He got a missive from her. A panting Street Runner shouted up at Jeiss.
“Watch Captain reports—she is going to counterattack Hectval with Embria’s 4th Company and Liscor’s army! Strategist Olesm will coordinate the attack! Hold the walls!”
“That’s suicide! I’ll join—”
Jeiss whirled, about to argue. Then he looked back.
“Oh, Ancestors. Tell the Watch Captain—we might not have time for either.”
The first claw reached out of the hole in the ground. Every [Dangersense] in the city, already ringing, screamed three times as loud. Then Jeiss’s gaze swept up.
“Wait.”
 
—-
 
Belavierr was laughing. Evil, gloating laughter didn’t really become her. She was out of practice. She had not fought directly like this for a long time.
However, she could still appreciate it. The first claw broke into the air, heralding damnation. Slaughter. 
Belavierr ignored Grimalkin, charging back towards her, Niers Astoragon, swearing and shouting, trying to figure out how to leverage his useless Skills. She paid no attention to the spells and munitions from Liscor and Hectval.
Of all the things in the battlefield across the Floodplains. It was a little ‘pop’ of displaced air that made Belavierr turn around. She lowered her arms. The portal wavered and something bellowed its annoyance below. The [Witch] couldn’t help it.
She turned all the way around and looked up at something which had appeared in the air behind her. Bird, who had been energetically tossing rocks at the thing coming out of the hole, looked up.
“Ah, at last. Reinforcements. Let us run away.”
He turned to Bezale. She looked up and froze.
Belavierr peered up at the figure hovering in the air slightly above her. It was a blue…Antinium. She had only two arms, and she did not look like the other one. Her eyes shone with myriad colors, flashing between them. And she…radiated power. Enough so that the [Stitch Witch] turned around. Belavierr tilted her head left slowly.
“What…are you?”
The Small Queen of the Antinium, Xrn, aimed her staff down. Her mandibles opened.
“[Lava Wave].”
Molten rock, so hot it burned the soil and grass itself, cascaded from a small opening in the air. It covered Belavierr and the thing below.
The [Witch] raised a hand and the lava split around her. She looked behind—something was doused by the magma, but it kept climbing. Belavierr looked up at Xrn.
“I do not wish to quarrel with you, stranger—”
She looked around. Xrn had teleported behind her. The Small Queen touched Belavierr’s arm.
“[Alter Velocity].”
An unseen force flung Belavierr upwards, as if a catapult had hurled her up. Grimalkin, charging forwards, slowed as he saw the Stitch Witch go flying up, tossed like he had been.
Xrn leapt up and regarded what was coming out of the pit.
“We cannot have you. One army and that creature is enough. Begone, thing. [Bolt of the Lightning Giant].”
The largest flash of electricity so far struck downwards. Montressa’s [Chain Lightning], the other bolts of magic—looked like static electricity to the discharge that thundered downwards.
The impact made Xrn float a bit higher. She peered downwards. Something was still climbing up. She clicked her mandibles in annoyance.
“[A Thousand Shooting Stars].”
