8.28
Page 28
She called to Mrsha, advancing at a slow walk. Mrsha backed up. The door opened behind her, but a wall of red thorns grew, blocking off the walls. Belavierr smiled and reached down, hand like a claw.
No one to stop her. Except her peers. She pointed and whispered a spell.
“[Swarm of Pestilence].”
Numbtongue howled. He struggled against his armor, pinning him against the ground. He saw Mrsha cover her face. And the spell…
Didn’t appear. Belavierr blinked at her finger. Then her orange, ringed eyes flicked up. She heard a buzzing sound.
“You—”
“Niers Astoragon.”
The Titan soared up. On Apista’s back. He was sitting there…buck naked. All he held was his sword. Apista did an aileron roll, as Belavierr jerked back. Too slowly. As if she didn’t understand the danger.
[Battlefield: Even Ground – No Magic, No Luck, No Skills, Only Strategy]. She tried to cast a spell.
Niers stabbed her in the eye as he flew past. He twisted the sword, yanked—
And tore out her right eye.
Mrsha covered her own face in horror, and then saw Belavierr reel back. She cried out. And then felt at the bloody hole in her eye. She whirled—
Calescent slammed into her. He stabbed her twice with a dagger; she hurled him aside. He went flying like before, but now? There was blood on her dress. She gazed at the wounds on her chest.
“My—eye?”
The Titan and Apista were fleeing across the inn as fast as possible. Niers felt the Skill fighting against Belavierr; it wasn’t going to last five minutes! Yet they’d wounded her! Belavierr turned, as Numbtongue roared and charged with his sword. She looked at him—and screamed.
“MY EYE.”
Her body unfolded as he tried to plant it in her chest. Niers saw her come apart. A million strings, unraveling—and in the center, someone was shrieking at him.
A younger woman, clutching at her eye, standing amid an ancient circle frozen beyond time. She was screaming at him—
And then the threads folded and the image vanished. Belavierr was gone. Numbtongue whirled, slashing.
“How—?”
“She’s all magic.”
Niers was shaken. He’d seen his Skill fail once before when he tried it on a being of pure magic. You couldn’t ‘take’ a Dragon’s magic away, only make it vulnerable. Same with Djinni. He looked around.
“She can’t have gone far. She’s—”
His head turned. He saw Belavierr, felt her reform and reappear.
Outside the inn. She was striding away, quickly, even stumbling, without her Seven League Boots. Niers roared.
“After her! Before my Skill ends!”
She was running away! But she’d be back as soon as the Skill ran out. And she was looking back at Niers, clutching at the hole in her head. Belavierr strode forwards—
Right into the fight between the Doomslayers and Hectval’s cavalry.
 
—-
 
The Plain’s Eye Hunters had no idea how the Drakes appeared. Hectval’s army had no idea who they were until they nearly ran over the Gnolls.
The first indication they got was an arrow punching the leading [Lieutenant] out of the saddle. They looked down.
“Gnolls!”
Hectval had some Gnolls in their front ranks, but these were clearly Liscor’s elites! They broke off, shouting.
“There’s an ambush team lying in wait! Gnolls with bows!”
“Who are these Drakes?”
The [Hunt Leader] roared. He drew an object from his pack, tossed it down. The customized bear trap took down a horse and rider and he speared the Drake. This was an army!
“They trapped us! Fight!”
