8.28
Page 34
The spell shot towards Xrn’s chest. Grimalkin would have blocked it, but Xrn just dodged left. He seized Belavierr and threw her. She struck him once and he staggered, but physical combat was his specialty. Locking her down in a fistfight was advantageous even if he didn’t hurt her. She landed a few blows on him as he tackled her.
 
—-
 
“Identified! Grimalkin of Pallass and the Small Queen of the Antinium are fighting whatever that Human is!”
The [Siegemaster] of Hectval felt his stomach heave. Grimalkin? Pallass? This was going too far. And the Antinium’s nightmare? Hectval had not come for that.
“We’re just here for Liscor. Issue a statement to Pallass that if the Sinew Magus gets in our way—this is an inter-city dispute! Volley the new section of the city again!”
More spells blasted the earth, but most were blocked by Hectval’s [Mages]. By now, the [Siegemaster] wanted nothing more than to do what he’d been ordered to do and retreat. However, the Council would have his tail unless he did at least some damage.
The first volleys had been intercepted, but the catapults had the range now and they were prepared to demolish the residential districts and new area of Liscor. The inn-destruction detachment had nearly reached their target.
If Liscor lost both its new expansion and the inn, morale would plummet. The [Siegemaster] knew Liscor’s army wasn’t finished yet. He saw them mustering at the gates, but his forces were dug in and he’d switch the catapults to them and wipe them out. It was an ideal battle in short—
Except for whatever the hell that [Witch], Grimalkin, and the Small Queen were doing. The [Siegemaster] prayed they’d all be distracted for ten minutes. Ten minutes, and he could unload enough ordnance to wipe out multiple blocks.
“Liscor’s army is advancing!”
“Idiots. Prepare to volley on them as they come into range.”
The [Siegemaster] turned. The Watch Captain and [Strategist] were leading the assault. Hadn’t they ever fought a proper Drake army? Hah! They’d been too far gone from the south. He raised his claw.
“Hold, hold…”
“Siegemaster, incoming from the left!”
The Drake [General] swung around. He saw…nothing. But one of his [Tacticians] was pointing. The Drake squinted for the enemy attack and saw a single figure.
“You idiot. That’s a civilian.”
“No, it’s a soldier! It’s coming our way!”
The [Siegemaster] stared. Sending a single warrior out to fight was incredibly stupid. Unless—was this Klbkch the Slayer? He’d heard the Antinium was weakened. He focused on the figure.
…Unless Klbkch the Slayer was a Minotaur, he doubted it. The [Siegemaster] frowned.
“A one-armed Minotaur? Maybe an adventurer. It must be suicidal. Take it down.”
He turned back to the approaching army, half-listening to the order.
“Bows! Archer Squad Three, target the Minotaur. [Homing Arrows]. Loose!”
Bowstrings snapped. There was a pause and the [Siegemaster] shook his head. Although something nagged at him. Why a lone minotaur? Maybe he was an adventurer or a fool.
…But hadn’t he seen something on the scrying orb a while back? When had it been?
Oh yes. When the Minotaurs had forced the King of Destruction back. They’d sent Minotaurs forwards, too, hadn’t they?
Their criminals. He glanced up.
“Minotaur is still coming. Archer Squads Four to Seven, take aim! Loose!”
Arrows snapped through the air. The [Siegemaster] waited. Liscor’s army was still coming, just out of range…he turned his head as someone muttered an oath.
“They just bounced off his skin. He’s—healing the ones who got through. [Mages]! [Lightning Bolt] spells on that Minotaur!”
