8.28
Page 21
“I will not forget this. You, Mrsha. Mrsha du Marquin, Mrsha of the Stone Spears tribe. Mrsha of The Wandering Inn. I see you. I remember your name. This I shall not forgive.”
Mrsha’s triumphant little smile vanished. She backed up a step. Hold on. We don’t need to be enemies. There was the ancient [Witch]. Mrsha was a cute Mrsha! She didn’t need an eternal oath of vengeance.
“Too late.”
The [Witch] hissed. She declared her wrath and vengeance for the first time on…a little Gnoll girl. She stood at the entrance to the [Garden of Sanctuary].
“I cannot enter. You have bested me, Mrsha. Well done. There will be no pacts. None for you, nor Rufelt or Lasica.”
She drew the soulcatcher. Rufelt made a sound.
“No—don’t—”
Belavierr tore it apart. Lasica screamed, lurching forwards. She stumbled out of the door and Mrsha cried out. Belavierr ignored her. Something sighed as it vanished. She could have snatched Lasica. Torn at Rufelt as he ran forwards to protect his wife.
She didn’t care. She pointed at Mrsha.
“I cannot enter to strike my bargain, but you shall not remain unblemished, girl. So.”
The [Witch] turned. Mrsha saw Lasica weeping, calling out a name amid the shreds of the delicate prison, lying torn on the ground. Rufelt was staring at Belavierr, fists clenched. But the [Witch] was walking back. And…
Her [Immortal Moment] was ending. 
Mrsha saw it. It had begun with the tearing of the soulcatcher. Her declaration. Numbtongue’s sword was moving. Slightly, slightly—despite the speed at which it was surely swinging.
Yet time was returning. Belavierr walked around the inn. Mrsha saw Niers’ eyes move slightly as he swung himself down from the beam. What did they see? Belavierr moved around the inn, inspecting the other faces, searching for something and eying Mrsha. In the last moments of her Skill, she found what she was looking for. She reached out as the inn began to resume its connection with reality.
She grabbed Apista. The little bee jerked, drawn into the slowed time. She buzzed—and then Belavierr was squeezing her. Tight. She turned as Mrsha dropped the laptop in horror.
“Yes. Come out, girl. Or this child dies.”
Belavierr squeezed and Apista buzzed frantically. The [Witch] looked at Mrsha. Did you think I had no other means to draw you out? She had just wanted to win this game of wills.
Now—Apista was buzzing, unable to scream, but Mrsha heard her. The little [Druid] stared at her friend. Numbtongue was pivoting, incredulous, but the world was slow.
“I will count to five. Then I will crush her. One. Two. Three…”
Belavierr watched the doorway. She saw Mrsha back up. The door vanished. The [Witch] counted, unperturbed.
“Four. F—”
She turned as the door to the garden opened behind her. Apista buzzed, feeling the pain of the [Witch]’s hand. Don’t come out, Mrsha! Don’t! Lasica and Rufelt said it too.
Of course she came out.
Mrsha leapt through the door of the [Garden of Sanctuary] in a flying head-butt, blazing with Erin’s fire.
She knew it would mean her death.
But she wouldn’t let her family die.
Mrsha crashed into Belavierr’s stomach. The [Witch] took the impact. Mrsha landed on the ground, dizzy. She looked up as Belavierr let go of Apista. The [Witch] laughed. She pointed down.
 
—-
 
Reality resumed. What had seemed a moment for the others snapped back to focus. Suddenly, Rufelt and Lasica were out of the door! Mrsha was lying in front of Belavierr.
