8.28
Page 17
“She can still die, girl. Don’t you know what haunts the lands of death? There have always been shadows. There are other things that ghosts fear. Don’t you want her back? You cannot bring her back without her essence. And you have no idea where it is, or if it remains.”
Mrsha stared up at Belavierr and realized the [Witch] was giving her the last clue. Poison. Frozen body. Wounds.
They were missing her soul? She listened as Belavierr bent, whispering.
“She will never come back alone. The world beyond grows emptier. Unless…someone catches what remains. Protects it. Before it is destroyed.”
W-what did that mean? Mrsha stared up as Belavierr reached for something in her dress. The witch drew something out. Something made of string and beads and woven like a…a…
Net. A perfect prison of so many threads, it was a pale skein that was both transparent with the glittering cloth, and so thin as to never let anything escape. Mrsha’s eyes went round. She saw something…flutter there for a second.
Somethings. Belavierr showed it to Mrsha and the Gnoll girl backed away, terrified. The [Witch] laughed.
“Don’t you see? I wove it out of dreams and souls. I caught it before it could die in the place beyond, the last true death. I never lied. Can’t you see? Their daughter.”
She pointed into the darkness. Somewhere, two parents cried out in horror. Mrsha cowered away from the soulcatcher. The [Witch] bent down further. She pointed at Erin.
“I can bring her back if she remains. Just give me…everything. You do not have enough. But give me everything and I will do it. For it will mean your end. Do you love her? Then trade. A life for a life.”
Mrsha was quivering. No, no—she knew Erin would never want that. Yet Belavierr’s whispers invaded her head.
“You will never create anything, Doombringer. With your one act, redeem all you have wrought. Is she not beloved, this child? Look at all her gifts. Look at all who wait for her to come back. Who matters more? Her? Or you?”
She gestured to the frozen presents. Mrsha saw Ekirra’s little ball, flowers, letters. She looked at Erin, desperately trying to hear Erin’s voice. She’d say, ‘you stupid Witch! Don’t you talk to Mrsha like that!’
Or…
Mrsha couldn’t hear Erin. This was her place! She stood next to Erin’s body, and Belavierr was louder. The [Witch] laughed again.
“You think she could best me?”
She regarded Erin Solstice. Then turned to Mrsha.
“Or you think to best me with the scraps she left? What arrogance, child. You still don’t see me. You still underestimate me. I am offended. So—look.”
Her eyes caught Mrsha’s again. The Gnoll fell into that orange light. She saw the layers of Belavierr’s immortality, protections wrought over countless aeons of existence. Dark magic. The [Witch] turned to her, a thing of thread, a giant of her craft, an amalgamation of hearts—and spoke.
“I am the Witch of Webs. The spider in every story. There have been those like me before. My legend pales next to some. Yet not even I remember them. I am one of many legends that have come before—perhaps none will come again.”
She touched her chest. For a moment, her face was almost sad. Mrsha looked up, eyes wide. Belavierr gestured.
“Do you see me? Once, I stood among equals. There was more than I. Slowly—they died. And none came after. It is a terrible thing, to be alone. But I remain. I am that old world they tell stories about. And you think this one can best me?”
Belavierr pointed at Erin. She looked down at Mrsha and shook her head. Contemptuously. Sadly.
