8.28
Page 9
“Monster! Leave us alone! Stop haunting us!”
He saw the ringed gaze swing his way. Belavierr regarded him, and then spoke.
“Rufelt. Do you want to speak with your daughter?”
His heart stopped. The Gnoll [Bartender] nearly let go of Lasica. He saw Belavierr smile, like the face of evil, and reach for something under her robes.
“I can let you do that.”
“No. Please. No.”
Lasica and Rufelt stood there in horror. Trapped, transfixed. Belavierr had them and now the Spider smiled horribly wide. She stood in the darkness as it reclaimed the portal room; that was how they should have known it was a trap! Darkness covering the inn, her oblivion of an [Immortal Moment].
They had no Skills designed to stand against her, those two. They were a [Bartender] and [Chef]! What were they supposed to do? What kind of class save for [Hero] could fight that? What kind of [Innkeeper]…
Mrsha charged down the hill. Her racing paws made Rufelt’s head turn. His grip slackened. Lasica screamed.
“Rufelt! Don’t let go!”
But then her head turned. The only one who didn’t notice was Belavierr, so intent and gloating was she on her quarry. The [Witch] only glanced up when she saw the light.
The light? The [Witch] hesitated. It danced, moving shadows. It was a living thing. Not like the frozen light from the [Immortal Moment]. What was that? She looked up.
What was it that the Gnoll girl held in her paws? She had stolen it from above! Stolen it from where it burned in a little cup and brazier next to the frozen bier! Ulvama had found that too.
Fire, burning on those she had touched. Her last will.
[Like Fire, Memory]. The [Witch] saw the Gnoll holding it, and it was bright, a combination of countless colors. She saw Mrsha lift it up, and offer it to Lasica. The Drake hesitated.
“How does it still burn? Was she here? This is not her place? Girl—where did you get that fire?”
The Stitch Witch demanded. She backed away, shielding her face with her good arm from the flames. She raised her voice as Lasica reached down for it.
“Take it away! Take it—”
Erin’s last flame touched Lasica’s claws. The Drake gasped—and the fire raced up her entire body.
Hope. Kindness. Despair. Mercy. All the flames Erin had known and more, encapsulated in this last fire. The fire that burned even now. It was not one flame. It was…Mrsha felt it burn across her and Rufelt too, feeding off their living souls. She realized what it was, at last.
The fire of life. It could be so cruel, and Mrsha had borne it without knowing until Ulvama rescued her. Yet now, she let it burn across her.
It raced up Lasica’s scales as if they were tinder. Over her body as she cried out in relief and a different kind of agony, for she felt alive. Cruelly alive to mourn and weep and love and lose! Yet she let it burn.
And it raced onto Belavierr’s hand. The [Witch] screamed. Screamed, as if it burned her worse than any mortal flame.
For five seconds, then ten, she tried to hold on. But the flames were reaching up her arm and it was like the flame knew her. For the other owner of this Skill, the origin of this fire, had called Belavierr her enemy.
Even now, Maviola El burned. Mrsha felt tears rise in her eyes. Even now, Erin’s will lived on.
Belavierr screamed and let go. She flung her arm up and Lasica fell into Rufelt’s arms. The fire on them went dim as all three stumbled back, not blazing as brightly as it had when it seemed like they were wrestling for their very lives.
