8.28
Page 0

Two words. The inn had waited for them for so long. Two words; a Skill, it had waited for its owner to return and bring magic and time to a standstill.
[Immortal Moment].
Yet it was the wrong voice who spoke. The wrong woman stood in the common room of the inn. Her eyes were not hazel. If there was kindness in those depths, it was merely the remnants of the emotion, trapped within the layers of undeath by someone who had forgotten what the word truly meant.
The inn warped around her. The air itself seemed to flee her presence. Here was an old [Witch]. The Stitch Witch, some called her.
Belavierr.
She was angry. Her eyes flashed with ire, not dispassionate observation. She stood at the door leading to the bright sunlit [Garden of Sanctuary] and could not get in. The inn’s defenders charged at her.
Belavierr spoke the two words and the world went dark. The inn itself?
Vanished.
Mrsha saw it happen. The girl looked past the [Witch], who was so tall that the tip of her hat seemed in danger of brushing the lowest beams in the common room, Moore-tall, at Numbtongue behind her. He was frozen in the act of slicing for her neck, having failed his first killing blow.
He disappeared as shadows blew forwards like clouds, covering him, his sword, his glowing crimson eyes. Mrsha made a sound in the back of her throat. A cry of fear. She looked at the [Witch], and saw the rest of the inn consumed.
Dragged into darkness. Mrsha, horrified, backed away. Was—was the entire inn gone? Had Belavierr eaten them?
There the [Witch] stood. She looked down at Mrsha, awkwardly, amid the darkness. Amid oblivion?
No—Mrsha realized. The [Immortal Moment]. It had swallowed everything, trapping her, Rufelt, and Lasica in this little space where the sun still shone down, unmoving, from the dome in the center of the garden. Past Belavierr and the doorway—there was nothing.
She had eaten the world with her Skill. Mrsha’s heart thundered in her chest, because—because—she knew that Skill, of course.
It was Erin’s Skill. One of her best ones, no matter how early she’d earned it. Her beautiful, even scary Skill, that made precious moments, important ones, last.
But Erin could not do this. Belavierr was stronger.
That terrified Mrsha. The [Witch] terrified her. Mrsha had felt it the instant Belavierr set foot in the inn. Her fur had stood right up on end. As if charged. She had felt something in her tummy.
Something dark. Clawing to get out. The [Witch] stood there, not pressed up against the door. Mrsha had seen—something—when she had tried to get in.
A thing that was not Human at all. Belavierr didn’t look like that—but she was still bad at pretending to be…
“Hello, little girl. Won’t you let me in?”
Mrsha stared as the [Witch] bent slightly. Belavierr’s lips parted. She smiled at Mrsha. Like…someone who had been told what that looked like but never done it. Even Antinium smiled better than she did.
The Gnoll girl backed up slowly, on all fours. Her eyes were wide. Belavierr tilted her head left and right.
“What should be said…? Little girl, I am very friendly. My name is Belavierr. Won’t you let me inside? You see, it is hard to enter without an invitation. I promise, I will not hurt you. You see?”
She reached up and removed the dark blue hat. Belavierr gestured at it.
“I promise on my hat. I promise on my craft. Please let me in. I will reward you.”
Mrsha stared at her. Then both heard a choked sound from behind the Gnoll.
“B-Belavierr. What have you done?”
