8.28
Page 45
She spun her staff horizontally. Bird ducked, slashed at her legs. He backed up slowly.
“You are not a bird. Why can I not kill you? I have never met anything I cannot kill. Hm. Hiyah.”
To Pawn and Mrsha’s horror, they saw Bird drop his knives. He jumped at Belavierr and kicked her in the shin. He punched her in the stomach, tried to go for an uppercut to her jaw, but he was too short. He stamped on her foot.
Belavierr tried to strike at him, but Bird whirled sideways. He gave her a jump-kick to her chest and Belavierr didn’t move. Bird fell onto his back and waved his arms and legs as he tried to rock back upright.
“This one does not hurt me. Why that?”
Belavierr whispered. She just thrust the staff forwards and Bird flinched.
“Uh o—”
A second time, the holy barrier blocked the staff. Belavierr recoiled. She whirled around.
“How?”
Faith didn’t have a cool down. Pawn advanced from one side, giving Bird time to roll away and get up.
“Bird, don’t let her touch you. Pick up your knives.”
“They are Erin’s knives. Give me your power, Pawn.”
“I will.”
The two Workers advanced, one from each side. And now—Belavierr saw Pawn look at Bird’s knives.
They did not glow. They did not shine. But she backed away from both, and saw more Antinium coming up the slope. They had also divested themselves of clothing; unlike the others, they cared nothing for nudity. Her eyes flickered to Pawn, to Bird, crabbing left to stab her in the ankles…and she threw her head back.
“Wretches! Do you think you can hurt me?”
Suddenly, Belavierr boomed, and grew. Pawn recoiled and Bird hopped back. Belavierr was growing again! She pointed down, a giant with eyes flashing orange and evil.
“I am the [Witch] who comes for the end of all stories! I am the last offer of age, the oldest of stories! I have toyed with you all—you now feel my wrath.”
She pointed down at Pawn as the sky turned midnight behind her, like before. Dark threads spun through the sky as everyone looked up. Mrsha stared at Belavierr. Afraid, but—was she—monologuing?
Pawn also seemed confused. He advanced, but Belavierr swung a finger down.
“You will know my ire, little thing, and I declare it on all your kind until the last of you die in your sleep of horrors I will inflict. Return to your deep nests on Rhir and stay my designs no further unless you wish my wrath. I…”
Her wrathful eyes flickered.
“…Hm. What else is normally said?”
Pawn looked up, perplexed. He wasn’t sure if this giant Belavierr boded better or worse, but he saw one of his kind move. Bird didn’t care for speeches.
“Aha! Got you!”
He stabbed with all four knives at Belavierr’s foot. And…the blades passed through her. Bird stared at the knives, and gave Pawn a look of betrayal.
“You made them worse. How could you?”
“No. No, you idiots. She’s getting away!”
A voice shouted, male and furious, invisible, as people started getting to their feet. Embria felt her armor stop pressing her down. She realized it at the same time as everyone else.
The giant Belavierr who had been announcing her wrath and enmity—wavered. Mrsha saw it vanish in a second. She gazed across the blank space, searching, knowing—
There. Belavierr lowered her hands and stopped making signs in front of the lantern she’d pulled out. She resumed walking away, blurring across the Floodplains with each step.
Pawn hesitated. He looked at the place the illusion had stood—then at the distant [Witch]. His mandibles clicked a few times.
“…Huh.”
