8.28
Page 26
“There’s no cover! [Wall of Earth]!”
“We can’t break the walls—argh!”
A scream. A [Rogue] had come out of one of the hidden passageways. The Gnolls whirled, but before they could turn on him, another shrieked. Acid was pouring from the ceiling! And they were in the center of a cross-fire from the walls.
Eight went in. Five came out, one with the fur on her arms burning from the acid. The Gnolls stared. They had seen Drake forts with less heavy resistance! That was an inn?
“What do we do? That’s a kill zone. We’re running out of time. The city is going to send soldiers. We can hold them for a few minutes. From the top? Try again later? They knew we were coming.”
The [Hunt Leader] was growling, thinking. He narrowed his eyes.
“Fall back. We’ll wait for another chance. Tell the [Shaman]—”
The Gnolls were racing back to the grass where they could vanish. Then they heard a sound from within the inn, along with the muffled sounds of an altercation within. They heard a whining sound, high-pitched. One of the Doomslayers looked up.
“What is that s—”
A bright, orange-red light flashed from the side of the inn. Just a finger’s width in diameter. It went through the walls, missing its intended target, straight through Montressa’s barrier.
It went straight through one of the Gnolls. She fell without a word. The Doomslayers dove for cover. The [Hunt Leader] stared at the hole in his comrade’s chest.
“Nisha?”
They stared at the inn. Then they heard the drums and turned their heads.
 
—-
 
“[Ray of Disintegration].”
Belavierr missed. Wanderer whirled Mrsha out of the way again. [Perfect Dodge]! She looked around, raised one hand.
“[Chain Light—]”
The electricity unfolded and spooled into her hand. Belavierr stared at it, and tossed it straight back. The Shock Orb exploded and Montressa screamed.
“No!”
“A single type of spell is worthless.”
All the lightning bolts had been about as effective as spitting on Belavierr. She frowned at Mrsha.
“[Wall of Blood Thorns].”
Two walls appeared, boxing in Wanderer who had Mrsha under one arm. He growled. Belavierr smiled—
He jumped through the door to the garden, landed in it, and whirled around. Belavierr instantly shifted aim towards Apista. Wanderer leapt back through after Mrsha as she leapt for her friend. Belavierr turned to track Mrsha—and stopped.
She would have missed anyways. Numbtongue tackled her from behind and went for a leg-sweep. He failed the leg-sweep; Belavierr’s legs didn’t budge, but she glanced at him in annoyance.
“This is not working.”
Numbtongue eyed her.
“Yeah.”
She flicked a finger. He hit something and fell; the shockwave of air left his ears ringing. Belavierr stepped back. She ignored the spells pelting her from the left side; Bezale howled at Palt.
“Stop casting spells! Nothing below Tier 4 even touches her!”
“Maybe it’s annoying her!”
Belavierr grasped at Mrsha. She was muttering.
“I am not direct. This is not my craft. Interference. The little warlord…”
She glanced around, but she’d lost him. Strange. He should be wearing thread and she sensed the other threads, even magical ones. She’d felt his Skills throwing her off, empowering the others this entire time. Fraerlings on Izril? Curious. She’d thought they had all fled.
So Belavierr plucked at something in the air no one could see but her. Montressa narrowed her eyes. She thought she saw something. Some kind of intense current of mana…?
“She’s doing something to Mrsha! Stop her!”
