8.28
Page 46
Mrsha peeked around behind him. She saw Belavierr, but in the distance. The [Witch] wasn’t looming anymore. The staff was gone. She was already a speck across the Floodplains, and with each step, she went further.
She was—running away. Mrsha couldn’t believe it. Belavierr, who had faced down Xrn—was running?
She had not been afraid of Xrn, just wary. But this? The Stitch Witch played no games with her life. She had no idea what Pawn was. She had seen him give his power to Bird. So she ran.
Just ran away.
Everyone, the people from the inn, the army of Liscor, the Antinium—just watched her go for a second. Running away after all she’d done?
“4th Company, with me!”
Embria roared. She was in her saddle again, streaking after the figure. Dozens of people followed as well, shouting in fury. Pawn himself began to run forwards, but half-turned back.
Intuition, maybe. Belavierr was still looking back. And her eyes were still wrathful.
Mrsha stared after Belavierr—then jerked. Pawn whirled around and lurched forwards, charging towards her.
“Mrsha—”
The arrow hit him in the stomach. It had been meant for Mrsha. A snarling Gnoll, the [Hunt Leader], still alive, gasped. Belavierr’s magic, which had given him a second chance, faded. He collapsed, dead again, before Numbtongue speared him through the face.
“Pawn!”
Everyone was on their feet. Pawn reached for his stomach. He was murmuring.
“[Heal Minor Wounds]. Poisoned? Of course. Of…”
Yellow Splatters shouted for an antidote. Not this time! Not—
He saw everyone mix up around Pawn. Antinium, Drakes, Goblins—some of them baring their weapons at each other. Unsure of who was friend or foe.
“Mrsha! Mrsha—”
One of them called out. A Goblin ran forwards, to where Mrsha had been. Numbtongue.
Someone else changed paths in the crowd. A Gnoll bounded forwards, sword raised. He howled—brought the sword down on top of—
Nothing. Numbtongue ran the Doomslayer through. He looked around.
“Mrsha!”
She was gone. The Doomslayer died, howling. The Plain’s Eye warriors had failed! But—more would be sent! They would find her! Find—
Her? The others looked around. But there was no little white Gnoll. Not here. Or here…where was she?
 
—-
 
Embria broke off pursuit first. Belavierr was running, but as soon as she saw pursuers, she sent a flurry of needles through the air—then called fiery meteors out of the sky.
And that was to cover her escape. Embria aborted her pursuit instantly. It wasn’t worth it. Yet every nerve in the Drake’s body, in all of them, felt it was wrong to let Belavierr go. Not after all she’d done!
Someone else pursued the [Witch], shouting profanities.
“Get back here! You coward! I’ll hunt you down! Do you think you can just run away? Do you know who I am?”
Niers Astoragon tried to follow Belavierr. The [Strategist] was beyond angry. Apista flew with him, uncertainly. Belavierr was far too fast for them. Niers shouted obscenities at her back, infuriated. And…guilty.
He’d barely been able to touch her! All the [Strategist]’s Skills had helped fight the army, but this [Witch]? Her craft was opposed to his. An old monster.
Niers killed monsters like that. He vowed to remember this, and turned back to the inn, disgusted. Then he felt a prickle on his back.
The Fraerling turned back just in time to see the distant [Witch] stop a second. And lift a tiny hand. I remember you too.
“F—”
Niers dove. But Belavierr’s parting gift flashed through the air. The tiny little sewing needle struck him in the stomach and nailed him to the grass.
