8.28
Page 19
“What is…that?”
She had no idea what it was. The little Gnoll stared up at her, paws shaking. It was the last thing Mrsha could think of. Belavierr spoke, circling around Mrsha. Her true form watched from the hole in the dome, puzzled, but confident…
Ish.
“My magic eats everything else in this moment. You cannot break my Skill or craft.”
This was true. Mrsha’s paws were trembling as she typed in Kevin’s password. Belavierr was superior to all magic. The [Immortal Moment] meant that even a faerie flower might fail against forever.
…But this wasn’t magic. It looked like it, but it was made of oil and metal. Electricity hummed, and Mrsha saw light. The light of another world. Less beautiful, but still—light in the darkness.
“Rufelt. Rufelt. What is that?”
Lasica raised her tear-stained face and stared down the hill. The Gnoll looked up too. Belavierr frowned.
“Who made that? Not Gnomes. They are all long dead. What is that thing? It is not magic. It glows. It will not avail you, child. I am the Witch of Webs. I am—”
Bam. Rufelt and Lasica jumped. Mrsha felt her heart leap. Belavierr—recoiled. She stared down. For the bright glow of the foreign screen had changed. She stared down as a strange, green…thing…kicked open the door to an outhouse.
And then there was music. It played from the speakers, a tinny sound in the garden. Completely…at odds with the pervading darkness. Mrsha’s ears perked up.
“Child. What is—”
Belavierr spoke, but her voice was drowned out. Her eyes turned wrathful…but the laptop had no soul to quail. She raised her voice. Mrsha looked up and saw the [Witch]. Disconcerted.
The little Gnoll and Stitch Witch locked gazes. Slowly, deliberately…
Mrsha turned the volume up.
The stupid song began to play louder. Lasica and Rufelt stumbled forwards. They had no idea what this was. But Mrsha let the movie play. She focused on it, not the memories. Not the darkness or Belavierr’s whispers.
The [Witch] tried. She conjured Mrsha’s friends, images from Mrsha’s past. She whispered, raised her voice. Mrsha just pressed her face closer to the screen. She noticed something, as the movie was running.
The clock in the corner of Kevin’s laptop hadn’t moved. The movie played, but time didn’t move for the laptop. And accordingly…
The battery wasn’t running out.
The mundane device hummed, happily contained within the [Immortal Moment]. It didn’t fit. It shouldn’t have run—but nothing in this world had ever existed like it. Pure technology, no sorcery.
It took a mere hour and a bit for the movie to end. When it was done, Belavierr looked down at Mrsha. That was no time at all compared to forever.
Yet it had…irked her. She narrowed her eyes at Mrsha.
“A clever trick. You are still trapped in here, girl…”
She stopped again. Belavierr heard a second sound began to play. She actually bent down, incredulously. It couldn’t be. But it was.
Mrsha was playing the second movie Kevin had stolen and copied to his laptop. The second movie, which was very long, but very nice, that Eldavin had found so offensive. About Dragons and Dwarves and little Hobbits. Or just one.
Lasica and Rufelt sat there, staring at the laptop, Mrsha. Behind them stood the Witch of Calamity, the Witch of Webs, filling the world with her nightmares and dark temptations. And what did Mrsha pit against her?
A laptop? Well—yes. Mrsha stared at the bright, colorful stories being played out from another world.
Movies. Fun stories for children, pastimes for entertainment. They weren’t stronger than Belavierr was.
