8.28
Page 33
Miniature comets formed around her and began shooting downwards. Not as large as [Valmira’s Comet] but—Palt’s cigar dropped out of his mouth. It was like his [Light Arrow] spell, only on Xrn’s level! He felt a hand drag him back.
“Stop staring! There’s a damned army coming at us! Help fortify the inn!”
Bezale roared at him. Hectval’s army was streaming past the blaze of magic, wisely staying clear of the Small Queen.
 
—-
 
The bombardment was enough. Whatever climbed up from dark depths had had enough already, Belavierr’s urgings or not. It let go and fell. Xrn watched the portal close with satisfaction.
Then she looked up. Belavierr had just slowed in her ascent. The Stitch Witch was falling out of the air. She saw Xrn shooting up at her, a blue arrow.
The Stitch Witch landed on the air. She slowly got up, and stood on an invisible platform, brushing at her dress. She peered down at Xrn as the Antinium halted in the sky next to her. Belavierr was…confused.
“Have I done something to off—”
This time she raised her hands. Both spellcasters unleashed magic at the same time.
“[Ray of Disintegration].”
“[Flight of the Phoenix King].”
Two spells flashed across the sky. Belavierr saw Xrn dodge the ray of light, casually. She tried to dodge in turn—and failed.
A burning, winged spell slammed Belavierr into the ground, and kept burning. The [Witch] rose, swiping at the flames. She strode forwards—
“[Ray of Disintegration].”
Xrn struck her from behind. Belavierr froze, and her body flickered around where the blue ray from Xrn’s finger struck her. She replied with a jet of black magic, a rising cloud. In response, Xrn clapped her hands together.
“[Mana Burst].”
The cloud exploded. The impact knocked Belavierr flat. She blinked.
“How troubles—”
A pillar of earth punched her upwards. Then Grimalkin struck her. Belavierr struck the ground twice in as many seconds. The Sinew Magus eyed Xrn. She and he exchanged a glance.
“I was in Pallass. What’s your excuse?”
“I am always late. No one invites me to the inn.”
They turned back to the Stitch Witch. She got up, dusting herself off. She didn’t look hurt…on the other hand, she had lost her smile. She eyed Xrn.
“…Ah. The things of Rhir. I thought you stayed below. When did you leave? What do they call you? Archmage of Wistram?”
Xrn’s response was to freeze Belavierr solid. The air was a match for the Frost Wyvern’s breath and Grimalkin threw up a claw, grimacing at the memory. The frozen [Witch] began to crack before the spell even ended.
“Elemental magic doesn’t work. Physical damage doesn’t work. She’s more theoretical than present. Either that, or her magical shielding is capable of amazing diffusion.”
That was his analysis so far. Xrn turned to him.
“I have no idea what that means. My spells haven’t worked. But they will. Give me a minute.”
He nodded. Belavierr was moving.
“—seek no quarrel, Antinium. It is a personal matter—”
Grimalkin stomped and Belavierr went flying, shot away by another pillar of stone. He knew it did no good, but he conjured a pair of fireballs and tossed them at her.
She blocked both, sending back a needle twice as long as he was. It could have skewered him—Grimalkin punched it and shattered the metal projectile. He cursed; that hurt.
Belavierr was trying to stop Xrn; both she and Grimalkin could see the Antinium gathering magic. Xrn’s eyes began shining like a lighthouse’s light. And the Stitch Witch…looked a bit worried.
“I would like you to desist. [Deathlance]—”
