8.28
Page 20
They weren’t as grand as Erin or the [Witch]. Not as heartfelt as Numbtongue’s story, or as inspiring as Maviola’s.
But—they could be louder than a book. Brighter than fire. They told her a story like the Players of Celum. With pictures and music, such that every moment shouted, too loud to let anything else in. Someone—many people had worked hard to make them wonderful. More than anything else, though?
They were distracting. If you looked at the bright screen, played Numbtongue’s game, it was hard to focus on even Belavierr. It was a way out. So Mrsha sat there and…binged on movies. She played the video games, and let Lasica and Rufelt touch the laptop.
Behind them, the [Witch] stood there. Incredulous. Furious. Confused. She was the old world. This device? She had never seen its like. She tried to turn it off—but she had no power over it. It wasn’t magic.
She tried to fill the air with nightmares. Mrsha, Rufelt, and Lasica just leaned closer to the screen. Belavierr raised her voice, shouting in thunderous tones—then realized she was competing for their attention with the laptop speakers.
And the laptop wouldn’t run out of power. Belavierr looked down at it. She looked up at the little Gnoll’s defiant gaze. The [Witch] stepped back. She gazed upon the device from another world.
Then the Temptress, the last great [Witch], the Stitch Witch, Belavierr of Calamity…gave up.
Not because she had been bested by a greater story.
Not because Mrsha had outwitted her with guile that would fool even Dragons.
Not because she had been outmatched in any way.
Simply in sheer disgust. Disgust at this strange device, this loud, shouting object she had no control over. Harbinger of a changing world.
“A world where my power will wane further. Will my daughter’s craft endure?”
Belavierr walked down the hill. Her shadow vanished. Mrsha’s head rose. Her eyes went round.
The sun was back! It reappeared in the opening of the dome. She looked up and Belavierr was gone!
The door to the inn was lying against the wall. The three, Rufelt, Lasica, and Mrsha got up. Unsteadily, they came down the hill and saw it open to the common room, where Belavierr had first called the [Immortal Moment]. She was standing there, arms folded.
Everyone was frozen where they had been. No darkness. Just halted in mid-motion. Numbtongue, buzzing Apista, Montressa, Palt, and Bezale, frozen mid-spell.
The Stitch Witch looked at Mrsha. The Gnoll stopped there, laptop in her paws.
I won.
Belavierr’s lips were a flat line. Mrsha tilted her head, copying Belavierr.
I won, and you lost. Stupid.
She knew Belavierr understood her. The [Witch] refused to acknowledge the fact. She stared at Mrsha, and the laptop.
“Is this what the future holds? Do you feel proud, girl? In creating, possessing a device that wastes time on lesser stories? Tales you can retell at the single press of your finger? There is no [Bard] to sing each tale differently, each time. It cheapens myth. Fable will be dragged down by such petty instruments. Do you relish that? Making Dragons mundane?”
Mrsha stared down at the laptop. She looked up and shrugged. She didn’t know about all that, but the laptop was pretty nice.
Belavierr stared up. She looked so—annoyed, disgusted, that she seemed less immortal and rather more like an Eldavin. Exasperated at this. She looked at Mrsha. And then—the [Stitch Witch] nodded.
“I have lost. You win, Mrsha. With petty lights and the cheapening of wonder itself.”
Mrsha felt like this was an insult, but she wasn’t sure. Belavierr sighed. She looked at Mrsha.
