8.28
Page 37
Grimalkin leapt. The blue paint over his scales shone wetly. He hit whatever was cutting towards Xrn and landed. She blasted it with blue fire and it screamed. The Sinew Magus folded his arms. He and Xrn gave each other unfriendly looks of respect.
“Interesting. Your counter?”
“Only a fool doesn’t take countermeasures. You played your hand at Invrisil.”
“I have more cards in my analogy than you could dream of, Drake.”
Xrn cancelled the spell. She was free to attack the cerulean monster with spells outside its color. She whirled, and aimed again at Belavierr.
This time her spell broke on a shimmering ward like a face. Accordingly, the talisman Belavierr held up burned away. The [Witch] stared at it. She flexed her hands, and looked—upset.
“They do not make such objects anymore. This costs too much.”
Costs too much? That was it, though. Belavierr’s lips twisted in genuine distress as she looked at her broken Naq-Alrama needle. The Archmage’s weapon she had used to attack Xrn…
“Far too costly. Mana is nearly free. I dislike doing battle with those who can threaten me. Please stop.”
She aimed a flurry of free spells at Xrn, but the Antinium was superior in pure spellcraft. Belavierr was forced to throw up walls of a strange, transparent silk that absorbed spell after spell, but eventually broke. She stared at them, distressed, and then reached for a mana potion crafted by a [Sage]. She drank it, sourly.
“I would rather bleed.”
The [Witch] hissed, dropping the empty vial. Grimalkin charged in, landing a punch that sent her staggering as Xrn burned the last of the silk-barriers again.
“Collectors.”
He grunted. Belavierr whirled. Grimalkin dodged a wand which discharged a spray of brown pestilence that might have killed him; of course, it was in the air. He froze the air around him, praying it had been enough.
No good. He felt sick as he stumbled back. Belavierr looked at the wand, snapped it in irritation.
“So say those who have nothing of value.”
Of all the things to retort to—Grimalkin desperately crunched counteragents against his scales, trying to neutralize the plague. But it was already—
“[Greater Dispel]. [Bubble of Purity]. [Aegis of Saimune]!”
Xrn pointed down. Grimalkin, choking as his throat closed up, felt the three spells fighting the plague. The spell was cut short—then the physical manifestations vanished in the soothing grey glow. The last spell made him feel alive. He felt his throat open and gasped.
“Stay clear of her artifacts.”
Xrn warned him. Grimalkin nodded, shakily. He looked up at her. The words of thanks strangled in his throat to the small Queen. But he murmured, looking at Belavierr.
“Inferiority. What a farce. The Strongest Mage in Pallass?”
He shook his head, looking at the other two [Mages]. Xrn and Belavierr. For some reason, that alone produced a cessation in the battle. Xrn’s mandibles raised and Belavierr raised one eyebrow. Both were…amused?
“So says the infant. I can walk, but not fly already.”
Belavierr whispered. She was flickering her fingers. Xrn pointed, and the [Witch] blocked a beam that tried to eat her as it clawed at her shields. The Small Queen looked at Grimalkin and one eye turned yellow with humor.
“You are so young.”
The Sinew Magus absorbed this, and looked at the two ancients of days. He nodded, and redoubled his attack, to give Xrn the opening to deal the critical blow. But by then—Belavierr was smiling.
The Stitch Witch held something up. She licked at it. Frowned. She shrugged, sighing.
“Strange. New species. Yet you are too close. And you do not know my craft, girl.”
