8.28
Page 41
She saw another of the girl’s threads appear. Wanderer, appearing out of nowhere again, striking with his quarterstaff. Annoying. But he was one Gnoll, and the monsters attacked him. Belavierr waited. Then she heard a familiar cry. A familiar…unexpected…irritating cry.
“The Eternal Throne of Calanfer! To glory! Protect the child!”
The Stitch Witch’s head turned incredulously. What? Here? But like the pests they were, the four golden [Knights] thundered up the hill, waving their swords.
Thronebearers.
Ser Lormel was first, hacking at a caterpillar-thing. Ser Sest, Dame Ushar, behind, riding around Mrsha, trying to drag her up, ride to safety.
The last of them rode at Belavierr. She looked up as Ser Dalimont called a challenge.
“Stitch Witch! We meet again!”
Ser Dalimont had known it was her the instant he heard about a [Witch] causing havoc outside. It had barely been thirty minutes and it was a sea of carnage! Only she could have done this. He rode at her, lance aimed at her chest.
“I have seen you beaten and fleeing before! The Singer of Terandria laid you low; you will not triumph here! Begone!”
Belavierr’s eyes widened as he spoke. She looked up, saw Dalimont coming. She whirled, and he missed. Cursing, Ser Dalimont turned, bringing his lance down for a second charge. The Stitch Witch stared at the Thronebearer. He had been there. Princess Seraphel, Cara—
“Who are you?”
Ser Dalimont struck home. Belavierr stared down at the lance in her chest. She reached out—snapped it. The Thronebearer swore.
“Eternal Throne—”
There was no Cara here. He saw Belavierr glance at him. Then focus on Mrsha again.
“Where are all these threads coming from? So many would die for one girl?”
“Yes.”
Dalimont rode down on her, sword drawn. Belavierr pointed.
A needle went straight through his side and out the other end, tearing through armor and flesh. Dalimont wavered. He tried to hack at her as he passed. She didn’t even stagger from the blow. He fell out of his saddle and Mrsha cried out.
“Dalimont!”
Sest saw the man fall. The Thronebearers and Wanderer were trying to get Mrsha out of the press of monsters. More kept coming. They were pouring out of the hole in the air. They hadn’t overcome the adventurer’s defenses; Belavierr was summoning them directly.
“We’ll never make the city! The inn—is it overrun?”
Ushar turned to the others. Wanderer didn’t reply; was there anywhere safe from Belavierr? The monsters were…more direct than she was, though. They were closer to killing everyone.
Rags stumbled to the entrance of the inn. Her ears were bleeding and she could barely see, let alone fight. She shouted.
“Run! Keep running, idiots!”
The [Knights] didn’t see her, only heard the shout. They turned, trying to do just that.
Flesh Worms crawled at them. Dozens. Mini-Skinners. Each one more than a match for one Thronebearer. Rags stared at them, and the [Witch].
Some things never changed. Only got worse. She bared her teeth. That was fine. They changed. She changed.
 
—-
 
A naked, gigantic worm reared up, herald of the dungeon’s evil. It reached down for Mrsha as Ser Lormel’s horse went down, screaming. He was pinned under it. Mrsha aimed her wand up at it.
[Arrow of Light]!
She spat a single arrow from her wand into one tiny little eye. The beast roared—then its head exploded.
Mrsha stared at her wand. So did Wanderer, Ushar, and Sest. Belavierr’s head slowly swung around.
“…What?”
