8.28
Page 1
The [Witch]’s eyes flickered past Mrsha, and a look of—sinister satisfaction—passed over her face. She smiled, but it was not a nice smile. She looked quite a bit more experienced at that.
“Rufelt Owelt. Lasica Feltail. I told you. I wished to speak to you. You have changed your minds so quickly. Let us talk.”
Rufelt and Lasica were standing behind Mrsha. They had gone still with horror as the inn vanished. They held each other, both shaking slightly. Rufelt’s voice was stuttery.
“W-we told you we denied you, Belavierr. You do not offer us fair deals. We were tormented by you.”
Lasica nodded as well, the [Cook]’s scales grey with fear.
“That’s right. I’ve spoken to Rufelt, Witch Belavierr. We…we’ve changed our minds. I want to live with him. So we decline your offer, politely. We cannot make a deal without the consent of all. You—cannot.”
She said that last bit hopefully. Mrsha was still standing in front of the door, trying to see out. Numbtongue! Was he hurt? How had Belavierr survived being stabbed?
Who was she?
Mrsha had no grounding for who or what Belavierr was. She did not know the stories that had made Bezale shudder. She did not even know how Ryoka had met Belavierr; some stories the Wind Runner told only to the grownups.
A vague memory nudged Mrsha’s head. Ryoka hadn’t told her details about her run in Riverfarm, only that Drakes had done bad things and the fire and…she had said, hadn’t she? She had run into a scary [Witch].
Mrsha had never heard Belavierr’s name come up, but it seemed to her there were no coincidences. Which of course—there were not.
The couple stood before Belavierr as the [Witch] regarded them. Belavierr was odd. She could not hide her emotions well, Mrsha realized. It seemed like she could, as her face would go blank, or remain disquietingly still when talking or moving. Yet when she was annoyed, like now, she showed it. She was not good at hiding her emotions. She just had—less.
Right now, she looked annoyed. She looked annoyed—then gave that fake-smile she had given to Mrsha. A [Saleswoman] with two stubborn clients.
“I understand you have changed your mind, Lasica, Rufelt. But you have had…interference. Allow me an hour to change it back. I am sure I am able to.”
She reached out, and her fingers pressed flat against the air. Rufelt shuddered as Belavierr felt at the barrier in the doorway, invisible, inviolate.
“I am sure you can as well. We—our minds are made up. We refuse. Please leave.”
It was a poor injunction. Mrsha felt sure it wouldn’t work. Even Olesm, conscientious Olesm, wouldn’t leave if you said it like that.
Sure enough, Belavierr didn’t so much as blink. Had she blinked yet?
“That is unacceptable, Rufelt. I will have my say. Come out. Time will not resume until we have time to talk. This is my Skill. To ensure we come to a fair decision.”
“Fair?”
Rufelt looked at the [Witch] incredulously. She just smiled.
“Let me in, Rufelt. I promise I won’t harm you. Invite me in.”
The Gnoll wavered. Then barked a response.
“No! Begone! We do not want you here!”
The shout made Belavierr’s brows cross. And again—no one here could know why she reacted the way she did. Slowly, the [Witch] drew herself up. Eyes narrowed.
“I am tired of being told that word. I will have my say. Let me in, Rufelt. Let me in, Lasica. Quickly. Before I begin to become—angry.”
The last word was charged with intent, such that the husband and wife quailed. It was Lasica’s turn to stutter.
“N-no. Belavierr, didn’t you promise it was my choice? Leave, please.”
