8.28
Page 22
They felt the [Immortal Moment] pass in one single second of disorientation, a sense of eternity, time compressed. Then it all came flooding back. Belavierr, face twisted with wrath for some reason, standing over Mrsha, not the couple. She pointed down.
“[Deathbolt].”
“No!”
Numbtongue slashed the air where Belavierr had been before she blurred past him. He whirled. Niers bellowed, pointing, but he was mid-dive. The bolt of death magic shot at Mrsha’s chest. She looked up, eyes wide.
Wanderer blocked the bolt with his staff. The Gnoll appeared, leaping through the chaos almost as fast as Belavierr. He let the magic splash across his staff and it flickered out. Belavierr blinked. She eyed the Gnoll.
Then Rags shot her through the chest. Belavierr staggered as a fiery crossbow bolt appeared in her body. She was hit by a flash of lightning—Montressa’s Shock Orb. Numbtongue slashed across her back and a cup bounced off her head.
That last one came from Ishkr. Everyone saw the [Witch] stumble—then walk back. Smoking, yanking the crossbow bolt out—she didn’t even care. She pointed at Mrsha.
“Die, child.”
A flickering rain of a thousand needles burst from the air, shooting at Mrsha like arrows. Again, she flinched, but Wanderer swung his cloak up and blocked the rain of needles.
“Get to the garden!”
Palt shouted, forcing Imani towards the open door. They were still reacting, as he launched several arrows of light at Belavierr’s back. Kevin was still rising to his feet, Joseph nearly colliding with a table. It was moving too fast for the non-warriors. Bezale bellowed.
“No, not her! Not her! It’s the Witch of Calamity! Don’t—”
Her warning came far too late. Belavierr jerked as a flaming ball of fire burst over her dress, but she ignored Ulvama’s fire like she ignored the chair that hit her and splintered; Calescent had tossed his seat. She still aimed at Mrsha. This time? Niers’ blood chilled as he heard a spell of a tier only he was familiar with.
“[Vortex of the Abyssal King].”
Belavierr cast the spell and a hole opened up. A hole to engulf the world. Niers whirled, finger raised. It would eat the inn, not just the little Gnoll it had opened under. It would eat part of Liscor if someone didn’t—
Mrsha felt a terrible pull. She saw a tiny little hole open up, so small, but trying to pull all of her through it. It opened—and vanished with a pop just as fast.
Niers blinked. Belavierr blinked. She frowned at the ground, then looked up and met Wanderer’s gaze.
The Gnoll was panting. Yet he brandished the staff as the cloak shed the needles. He growled.
“[Never Again, Nevermore]. I don’t know who you are, but you won’t kill her.”
The [Witch] eyed Wanderer. Mrsha stared up at the white Gnoll with fur like hers. Wait. This was her mysterious stalker! Was he a nice guy after all?
Numbtongue ran Belavierr through from behind. She stared at the sword’s tip that emerged from her stomach. Again, the inn slowed.
The bloodless blade gleamed. Belavierr put a finger on the tip and forced it back out of her. She glanced over her shoulder. Numbtongue backed up. Everyone stopped, spells, weapons ready.
You had to. When you saw someone eat a [Lightning Bolt], three other spells, a crossbow bolt, and survive two stabbings…
Numbtongue gave it one last try. The [Soulbard] slashed, and bisected Belavierr’s head from her shoulders. His sword cut her head off and he whirled back from the slash.
Just in time to see the thin line close. Belavierr glanced at him. Numbtongue looked at the seamless place he had sliced her. Then he stopped too.
