8.28
Page 16
“This will continue forever. Strike a deal, child. I will take your pain. Your memory. I will restore one you love to life. Give me something of yours.”
The little girl looked up, tears leaking from her eyes. Forever? The [Witch] stood there, and pitted her might against…a child. It was silly. It was petty. Yet of all Mrsha’s foes, imaginary and real, Belavierr alone tried to crush her without regard for her age or size.
“I suffer no insults. I suffer no challenges. How long will you wait? Until your soul tears itself apart?”
The Witch whispered and Mrsha knew she would keep her here until the Gnoll was older than Lyonette and Erin combined. Would she grow older, or just remain, her soul withering with pain?
“Mrsha. Mrsha…”
Rufelt was searching for her, but he was blind. He was choking, looking at something…Mrsha had so many sad memories. How many did he have, as old as he was? Lasica was holding onto him, but curled up, weeping.
Mrsha looked at something on her paws. It was the fire of life.
It was fading away. She tried to call more fury, more energy into it, to burn Belavierr—but only an illusion stood before her. And what good was fire?
The fire was only able to burn on fuel. The three mortals were nearly extinguished themselves by the moment they were trapped in.
Some nights, the abyss could scream so loudly that even the brightest flame went out. Mrsha saw the flame on her paws flicker.
Then die.
 
—-
 
Time stopped. Mrsha saw the past. She heard Belavierr’s whispers.
“I can bring her back.”
Erin had failed. No—she wasn’t here. Mrsha lay next to her frozen bed. The fire in the cup next to the frozen young woman flickered. Mrsha could have kindled it on her fur, but it would just die again. She lay there, in the only light left, aside from Belavierr’s eyes, and knew Erin had failed.
No, if the [Innkeeper] were here…she could have done something more. All Mrsha had left were sparks, and she was too small. Too sad.
“Erin. Erin, please wake up.”
The Gnoll spoke. She spoke, not with any words, or her paws, in the flickering of memories, Belavierr, using memories like weapons, in a dark copy of Erin’s Skill, but with her thoughts.
As if Erin was there. She had to be.
“I’m afraid. Please do something. Please?”
The young woman lay there, lips slightly parted, a slight smile on her face. Mrsha grew angry. She shouted.
“Stop sleeping! I need you. We need you.”
No response. Mrsha buried her face in the frozen grass.
“Please? I’ll be good.”
No help came. Even when she begged.
A dark dress swished across the ground, but left no sound. Feet walked the hill, but left no trace on the grass.
Belavierr. She bent down, and inspected Erin’s grave. She looked at Mrsha, and spoke.
Truth. That was what made Belavierr scary. She used truth, not lies, to hurt you. She used love to create pain. And the worst part? She didn’t care. She only wanted to hurt Mrsha for offending her.
“Ah. So this is the [Innkeeper]? She will never come back alone. The world beyond grows emptier. Unless…someone catches what remains.”
Belavierr tilted her head. She stepped around Erin’s bier, carefully, as if even her shadow did not want to disturb it.
“Not alive. Not dead. I see.”
Mrsha’s tearstained face rose in hope. Belavierr saw it, too? Then—
“However. She may still be lost. You have her body. You don’t know where her soul lies, do you?”
The [Witch] turned. She smiled wider, gleefully.
