8.28
Page 4
She stood in front of two spotlights for eyes. The orange and black rings drew her in. Deeper, deeper—Mrsha felt herself flying forwards. Belavierr drew higher, until she towered above Mrsha like a true giant.
The [Witch] looked down, and suddenly Mrsha stood amid orange light. The color of her eyes. There, above her, impossibly distant, impossibly vast, was Belavierr.
Mrsha heard the thundering of her heart. She saw the [Witch] behold her, and she saw everything Mrsha was. Mrsha?
She saw part of what Belavierr was and would have screamed. For what she saw was in that distant giant, a hundred million twisting threads. They made her up, each one thinner than the hairs of Mrsha’s fur. Somehow, Mrsha saw it all in terrible detail and realized that ‘Belavierr’ was part that.
But part of her lay still deeper, behind that layer. Mrsha saw the eyes blink—
—And fell deeper. The orange light carried her down another level of infinity. She floated in a sea without luminescence save for the beam of fulvous mixed with amber. Gold blended with rust mixed with dying embers.
Something was in this sea. Something swam or floated without water. Mrsha looked down and Belavierr looked up. Only—it wasn’t the [Witch]. It had her shape. But she was made up of something.
Little hearts. Each one pierced with a needle, joined together by a single thread. The [Witch] floated there and looked up at Mrsha. There were gaps where she should have been. Some hearts were burned, black, barely beating.
Someone had hurt her. Yet still, Belavierr looked up. Her eyes met Mrsha’s and Mrsha felt herself fall through another ring in the eyes. Deeper—
 
—-
 
“Curious.”
Belavierr blinked. Mrsha stopped falling. She lay on the ground, panting, flailing wildly, before she recovered. What—what was—
That was why Rufelt and Lasica were frozen in horror. That was what Ryoka had once seen. When Belavierr looked at you, you looked back and wished you had not.
“A white Gnoll child? Curious. Your name is Mrsha. You wear a little charm, girl. Not enough.”
Mrsha stared down at the pendant supposed to keep [Appraisal] and [Scrying] spells off her. She looked up. Belavierr glanced at her.
“And you do not speak. I see. But will you not take my hand? See? I will give you all the presents I showed you. Let me in.”
She knelt once more, offering a hand. Mrsha looked at Belavierr. At last, after seeing Belavierr and being seen, Mrsha was moved to speak.
“Heck no! You scary thing! Go away!”
Well, she didn’t say that. She signed it with her paws, having left all the writing materials outside. It was only for Mrsha, not Belavierr’s benefit, but she felt better.
And then the [Witch] got scarier, if that were possible. Belavierr tilted her head sideways at Mrsha’s flashing paws. Her head twisted right, twisted left, and then it went nearly 90°sideways.
Mrsha heard the click-click-click of the [Witch]’s neck, but Belavierr didn’t bat an eyelid.
That was horrifying. But the [Witch] whispered.
“[True Translation]. Me? Scary, little one? How rude.”
Mrsha froze, paws raised. She stared at Belavierr. The [Witch] regarded her, frowning. Then looked up.
Lasica and Rufelt had been paralyzed this entire time, unable to break into the negotiations. It seemed though, that Mrsha’s final, and only comment had meant it failed.
“Mrsha, back away from the door. Belavierr, you are not allowed in here! We know your Skill! You—you can’t harm us! That would violate your craft; you said it yourself! You aren’t allowed in here, either! So, begone!”
