8.28
Page 48
Mrsha nodded. She had to go back! She backed away, trying to explain—but she had no quill or paper. She pointed at the inn.
That’s my home. Don’t take me away!
She was poised to bolt, and Wanderer knew she would howl. He had only one chance, so the white Gnoll held out his paws.
“Child. Mrsha. Look at me. Look at…me.”
She looked, at the white-furred Gnoll. The mysterious traveller who had hid from even the Brothers, and whom she thought was bad…but had saved her? She hesitated. Wanderer nodded.
“I’m like you. I came here because I saw you on the scrying orb. White fur. If I saw you—they did too. You know Plain’s Eye?”
Of course she did! She was a Plains Gnoll! Mrsha nodded. Wanderer pointed back.
“They sent those Gnolls to kill you. Their best killers. Because of what they call you. And me. Doombringer. You know this, don’t you?”
Mrsha shrank. No—no—but she knew the rumors. She had known, in Liscor, that Gnolls feared her.
But those were City Gnolls. Krshia had learned. She’d be…
“They nearly got you, even with your protectors. They’ll come out of the shadows, they’ll try again. More tribes will. They will burn down a city to kill you. That inn—you have to hide. It’s the only way. Come, I know where you can hide. Where you’ll be safe. There are more of us.”
More of…? Mrsha looked at him, astonished. Even so—she backed away. Wanderer cursed.
“Girl! You’ll put them in danger!”
Mrsha looked at The Wandering Inn. That was her home, though. They loved her. Lyonette would come back and Erin…she couldn’t abandon it. She looked at Wanderer and saw how worried he looked. She didn’t believe he was lying. Even so—Mrsha thought of Pawn who promised to protect her. He was hurt because of her!
But run away? Mrsha drew in breath to howl, to call for her friends and protectors. Wanderer could have covered her mouth. He could have silenced her. Instead, he took a gamble and spoke.
“That [Witch] won’t forgive you, but even she will have trouble attacking you where we’re going. You know you might have drawn her? The attacks—you don’t know how to control your power. Not yet. You’ll put all of them in danger until you learn, and only we can teach you.”
The breath caught in Mrsha’s throat. She made a sound—looked at Wanderer. He knelt there, panting.
Liar. Mrsha stared at him. Everyone said—but it was just a myth.
Wasn’t it?
He shook his head. The Gnoll fixed her with two serious eyes.
“Why…do you think they fear you? Plain’s Eye? The other tribes? They forget—and they hate you because we are easy to blame. But there is a seed in every story, Mrsha. You don’t know the power of your fur. It can help you, the last gift of your tribe. However, so long as you don’t know it, you will endanger them all. Come with me, and I will protect you. Come; and you will be safe.”
The Gnoll waited. He saw Mrsha recoil, her face turning to shock, horror. Then—she looked back. Wanderer felt a pain in his heart. He did not want to tell her so soon. But the Doombringer looked at the other Doombringer. She did not resist as he slowly picked her up. Mrsha looked back at the inn, all the havoc and chaos.
Was it her after all? The Gnoll child wondered, hearing the terrible fear Belavierr had whispered to her.
Was it…me, Erin?
She did not have the strength to fight as Wanderer ran with her. For a moment, she was all the doom that caused misery and pain to her family, and it was better if she were gone.
But her family knelt there, searching for her, grieving and worrying. Doom? They had faced the [Witch] of legends for her. What was mere doom?
They followed soon after.
 
 
 
 
