8.28
Page 23
Now, the [Witch] stood in the center of the inn, peering around. Confused. Her eyes flashed venom at Mrsha, who was hiding behind Wanderer. Did they go back for the door? She was looking at Apista, who was buzzing weakly on a table, one wing injured. Belavierr would hurt her!
“What is she? Not hired by them?”
Wanderer’s eyes were flickering around, uncertain of all those in the inn. The Brothers were frozen, aiming crossbows at Belavierr, the other guests looking at the dark legend and beginning to realize what Mrsha had seen.
Belavierr? Her eyes rolled as her head and body slowly rotated. She looked at Wanderer first.
“A guardian of outcasts.”
Her eyes rolled about, unnaturally mobile, moving independently of one another.
“A small warlord.”
She was not looking at Rags. Then she did and the Goblin Chieftain got a glimpse of that terrible immortality. She felt a flash—
“Let us make a deal, Goblin Lord.”
Belavierr looked into her eyes. No—one of Rags’ ancestors! She shuddered, then and now. Belavierr passed over her.
“A Goblin Chieftain.”
“A [Shaman].”
“A warrior of ghosts.”
Rags, Ulvama, Numbtongue. She identified each in a moment. Then she slowed and fixed on something…interesting.
“A new class.”
Joseph. She fixed him with a look, then moved on. She ignored Kevin and Imani. Calescent too, much to the Hobgoblin’s hurt.
“A child of the House of Minos. Trickster’s get. Blood of Terandria.”
The three Wistram [Mages]. Ishkr and Liska could have been the air. Belavierr’s head turned.
“Strange. How did all gather here?”
Niers was swearing. Wanderer bent, tensed. Montressa was pointing as Bezale unrolled her scrolls. Rags made hand-signs to Calescent and Ulvama as she touched a claw to her temples. Violence was about to begin, but it held off another shivering second as the [Witch] remained perplexed. Then someone answered her.
“This is an inn. This is where people come by. Did you not know that?”
Belavierr’s head turned. She stared at the Antinium who had come down the stairs, bow in hand. She eyed him.
“What are you, thing?”
He raised his bow.
“A silly Bird.”
Bird shot an arrow straight at Belavierr’s left eye. It snapped in midair. So did his bowstring. Time resumed.
“[Fivefold Arcane Barrier]!”
Montressa threw up a shield over half the inn. Bezale activated her scroll.
“[Haste]! [Stoneskin]! [Lion’s Strength]—”
She lunged forwards in a punch, through Montressa’s barrier. Rags tossed a [Fireball], swearing as she saw the Minotaur charging straight at Belavierr.
The [Witch]’s hands blurred. She plucked a strand from the woven fireball, and lashed it into Numbtongue’s chest as he went for a leg-cut. The air exploded and he was flung backwards. She ignored the dozen arrows Palt sent into her back; they evaporated on her robes.
She caught Bezale’s fist, stared into the Minotauress’ eyes, and tossed her into a wall. She turned back to Mrsha again.
“[Lance of Fire—]”
Her aim was thrown off as Wanderer leapt, Mrsha in his arms, trying to dodge and rolling. Belavierr tracked him.
Calescent knocked her arm down. The huge Hobgoblin [Chef] saw Belavierr look at him, annoyed. He lifted his other claw, and blew his special death-spice into her face and eyes. Belavierr didn’t blink. Calescent’s confident expression turned to unease.
“Fly away, Goblin.”
The Goblin [Chef]’s clothes picked him up and tossed him like Bezale. Calescent hit a wall and Rags heard a terrible crunch as his arm caught the blow. He landed, grunting. The Hob looked at the yellow bone poking out of torn flesh.
“Ow.”
