8.28
Page 36
The unfinished spell read to her eyes: [The ___slayer’s Arrow].
Xrn placed it aside. She looked at Belavierr and began forging her new spell. Prototypes lashed outwards.
“[Binding of Belavierr]. Hm. Shall we reverse it? [The Bane of Belavierr]. What kills you, [Witch]? I have never met your ilk, but you seem familiar to foes I have seen. It vexes me. So let me kill you and learn how it is done.”
A ray of condensed mana struck Belavierr. Fire swirled around her. Xrn was probing for her weak points. Fashioning the beginnings of new spells.
“We will not part amiably. I must use my craft or be endangered.”
Belavierr spoke. She was creating barriers of magic now, cloth and magic. No longer could she rely on mere spellcraft. She had to expend her hoarded power. This simple trip to Pallass was costing beyond belief.
She blamed Mrsha for all of it.
The Stitch Witch whirled something out of the air. She blocked the first lance of magic with it. The cascade of raw magic nearly hit Grimalkin, forced to stand back.
“You challenge me, spellcaster. But I am older than even you! You misjudge your foe!”
“You have never met my ilk.”
The two exchanged spells. Xrn turned the air to fire and created a globe of burning sky around Belavierr. So intense even the [Witch] cried out. Yet she whirled the object around her and the fire could not pass it.
What is that? Xrn stared out of the Manaforge, and it analyzed the strange cloth for her.
Dragonscales. A cloak of Dragonscales—
Belavierr drew a long thread of hair and placed it in a needle. Xrn read the composition of both. The hair of a unicorn and Naq—
She dove, too late. The needle pierced her barriers and stabbed into one arm. It tried to dig itself into her chitin. She pointed at the thread.
“[Ray of Disintegration].”
Simple enough. Yet she bled green. Xrn stared at her blood as the needle was severed. It flew back, as the Naq-Alrama needle tried to flee. The Small Queen shook her head.
“[Cenidau’s Complete Chill]. So you can fight, Human.”
She was surprised; Belavierr had been so oddly stationary. Now Xrn’s blood began to boil. Belavierr eyed the needle. It shattered and she frowned.
“Such needles are hard to obtain. I do not waste them. Begone, strange thing.”
Her fingers moved in a crawling pattern. Xrn glanced around; she snapped the threads before they could tighten around her and cut her to ribbons. It was a copy of the [Trapmaster Assassin]’s trick…no. He copied Belavierr. Xrn wondered if those threads could have gone through Liscor’s walls without slowing.
The sun’s light burst into full blast around Belavierr, and the [Witch] cried out, shielding her face. Xrn flew higher, warily.
The Naq-Alrama needle had pierced her wards. She had not bled badly, but she had to re-establish defensive spells. She cast a familiar magic as she targeted the ground.
“[Magical Field: The Somber World of Blue]. Ah, pests. Begone.”
She blasted part of Hectval’s army, which had nearly reached the inn. Counterspells and arrows shot at her; she ignored them. Wrong color. She turned back to Belavierr.
The [Witch] was not impressed. She looked at the field of color around Xrn.
“You wish to dance with colors against me, girl? [The Cerulean Eater Awakes].”
She powered the spell with something she drew out of her robes; a little figurine of an [Archmage]. It turned to dust as Belavierr sacrificed it, scowling.
Xrn saw something coalesce out of the blue. It came at her, a different shade amidst her spell. She began to blast it and nearly forgot—she had to use blue magic!
“[Paint Spray]. Hmf.”
