8.28
Page 8
Lasica eyed the door. Unfortunately, in its new setting, it was actually harder to reach than it had ever been; Hexel had set it into the wall, and there was no easy ‘access point’ to it. She turned to Mrsha. The Gnoll nodded, closed the door softly, and adjusted its position so it wasn’t facing the door, but directly adjacent to it. That way, when she opened it, they could just reach out and adjust the dial.
“Perfect.”
The three saw the door right next to them. And no Belavierr down the entire portal room hallway! Rufelt gave Mrsha a thumbs-up and she nodded.
“We’ll look for her. Just adjust the dial.”
Rufelt whispered. Lasica nodded. She reached out to change the dial. It was on the unused red stone that Ulvama had come through. Mrsha tilted her head.
Strange. She’d thought Belavierr came through the Pallass door from what Rufelt and Lasica had said. Had she teleported here instead? Or had someone changed it? Why—
Lasica’s claw closed on the dial as she put her arm through the door.
Belavierr grabbed it. The Stitch Witch appeared, shedding her invisibility spell. She had been standing right there.
“Hello, Lasica. Come with me.”
“Lasica!”
Rufelt shouted. He and Mrsha grabbed Lasica and tried to drag her back. The [Chef] screamed in terror as Belavierr dragged at her. The Drake screamed and screamed and the [Witch] was whispering.
“You will not deny me. Come with me.”
“Lasica, don’t let go! Don’t—”
Rufelt was straining with all his might. He couldn’t drag Lasica back, even with Mrsha’s strength! However—neither could Belavierr pull Lasica out.
Mrsha realized they were stalemated at the same time Lasica did. The Drake’s eyes were wide.
“She can’t get me out! Don’t let go, pull me in, Rufelt!”
The Gnoll’s arms bulged. Lasica cried out; he took a risk and grabbed her under the armpits. Even then—
“I can’t! She’s too strong!”
“We will stand like this forever. I have you. I will not let go. Come out. Or lose your arm.”
Belavierr hissed. She held Lasica’s claw lightly, but it was enough to overcome both adults and Mrsha. The Gnoll let go of Lasica’s foot and was displeased to see it affected the stalemate not at all.
“Belavierr—let go. Let go!”
Lasica wanted to claw at the Human, but her claws didn’t even pierce Belavierr’s skin. The Stitch Witch was eye-to-eye with the terrified Drake.
“You have offended me. I am beginning to become upset, Lasica. I will relent if you come out, now. I will even forgive the child. Do not make me—angrier.”
“Begone, foul [Witch]! You have no power here!”
Rufelt roared. Lasica and Belavierr turned their heads to both glower at him. The [Bartender] hesitated. He’d thought it might do something.
Stalemate. Only, this time even worse. The three strained in an invisible game of tug-the-Lasica. Mrsha had run off and Rufelt was holding Lasica as hard as he could, despite Belavierr ‘seeming’ to not be able to pull her out. He couldn’t see the girl; maybe she’d fled.
And now Belavierr was whispering.
“Your daughter will never be born, never draw breath, Lasica, unless you take my deal. Do you want her to die? Look. Don’t you see her? This is her, Lasica. Look.”
She had the picture. She thrust it at Lasica and the Drake tried to look away, but Belavierr held her and her eyes were drawn to the picture.
“I—I want to live and raise more children! I promised Rufelt!”
“You will let your child die. You will not save her, as you can? You have a chance other parents would give all for and you turn away. What will your daughter say? Do you want…to hear her voice?”
Rufelt felt Lasica shuddering. He shouted.
