8.28
Page 24
Belavierr turned. She saw another burst of light and over two hundred magical arrows unleashed, striking her across her body. Palt nearly galloped into a wall; he stared at his wand, dumbfounded.
Niers Astoragon watched the arrows strike Belavierr head-to-toe. Even magnified, the spells just…vanished. He grunted.
Clothing resists low-tiered magic. Great.
He was keeping back, monitoring and analyzing her now, crouched out of the way of the fighting. Belavierr frowned at Palt. She pointed and a stream of needles shot towards his body. He screamed as they peppered his flanks, but he was halfway within Montressa’s barrier and the rest of the needles glanced off the barrier.
“Kevin! Get in here!”
Joseph and Imani were shouting. Ishkr, Liska—the non-combatants were in the garden, but Mrsha was still pinned, protected by the white Gnoll. Belavierr turned to cast another spell as Mrsha crawled for the door.
“I will kill your friend, Mrsha.”
She aimed a finger at Apista, glowing with fire. The Gnoll stopped. Belavierr took aim at her again. This time Numbtongue leapt forwards. Only—it wasn’t Numbtongue.
“[Power Strike].”
Pyrite punched Belavierr in the face, on the basis that all the sword slashes hadn’t worked. He felt his fist meet the [Witch]’s nose—but it was strange. He felt it should have broken, but it seemed like he was hitting a sack. Her head barely jerked and when he drew his fist back—nothing.
Belavierr swung an arm and a glittering pair of scissors cut the place where Pyrite had been. He ducked it with Numbtongue’s body, stamped on her foot, and shoulder-charged her. Again—he bounced off. She was like a pillar! The Hob threw himself left just in time; a jet of midnight flame engulfed the floor where he had been standing. He crashed into a table, rolled over the side, and saw Rags stand up.
She loosed another crossbow bolt and it snapped midair. The Chieftain dropped her crossbow, swearing, a second before the crossbow itself exploded, the steel ‘string’ breaking. Pyrite’s head rose. He looked around.
The plate crashed into the back of Belavierr’s head. She turned slightly, and needles demolished Pyrite’s cover. He rolled behind another table, and Numbtongue felt Pyrite’s time run out. The [Bard] swore as he got to his feet, but Pyrite’s last words were still on his lips.
“Strange.”
The Goldstone Chieftain was certain they should be dead. A dozen times over. He might not know Belavierr, but he knew a Greydath-level threat when he saw one.
That no one was…was odd. Pyrite was clear enough to realize it at the same time as Niers. It was as Belavierr tried to aim at Mrsha again and was thrown off—this time by Montressa’s third bolt of lightning—that it became obvious to both. Rags too.
Belavierr was bad at fighting. Either that, or she wasn’t really trying. She was giving it a good try; Wanderer leapt with Mrsha again, avoiding scythes of air that cut apart everything in their path and sliced even into the walls of the inn. But Belavierr herself?
She just let Shorthilt charge at her and slash her body. Her dress blocked spells, and she just…ignored the rest. Because she wasn’t in danger.
They couldn’t hurt her. Niers grunted.
“Level difference.”
Like damned cats—evil as they could be, but still cats—trying to eat a Fraerling in enchanted plate. Belavierr was taking her time, expending little energy and magic. In fact, she actually grabbed Shorthilt and tossed him a third time, with tremendous, if poorly-directed strength.
