8.28
Page 18
“Place against me your hope of this fragile, small world. I will crush it. I am one of the last stories. That is why I raise my daughters. Perhaps? Is that why? Do I sense my end?”
The [Witch] frowned. She walked back a step, murmuring.
“I came close to true death. What changed in this world? What do I sense?”
She was uncertain, introspective for a moment, and that was scariest of all. Then Belavierr collected herself. She shook her head and returned to the present. Mrsha. She gestured at the adults, one frozen, two quailing in the darkness.
“The [Innkeeper]’s story cannot stand against me alone. The love of those two cannot withstand me. Your story will die here. Take my offer, girl. You have no more tales.”
Mrsha knew it was true. The [Immortal Moment] dragged at her. If she refused—Belavierr would make her live her entire life in its tragedy and happiness, until she wearied. She had nothing left. Erin’s fire was too weak. Erin was gone.
She had no more tricks.
Mrsha looked for the statues. She thought of the Sage’s Grass, the faerie flowers…but Belavierr would laugh at that. They were stories and magic. And she was stronger than all these things. Erin had done wonders with such things before, but this was someone who played Erin’s game. And who had played it long before Erin ever stepped foot on this world.
If the two met, what battles might they have had? Mrsha didn’t know. But she was little Mrsha. And she had no more fight.
She curled up, but Belavierr was waiting. Mrsha had no more stories. She had to let Belavierr in and end this torture. Had it been a day? A month?
Had she been dreaming of the past for a year? Longer?
She was weary. She could not sleep. She could not send herself into oblivion. This moment lasted. So…she was out of stories.
“Take my hand, girl. We will make a pact, here.”
Belavierr extended it. Mrsha’s paw quivered as it rose. Rufelt and Lasica tried to say something, but they were crushed too. They would bring back the quivering soul in the cage. They would all make a pact and…at least Erin would live, right?
Mrsha tried to fight it, but her paw reached out. One more story. One more bit of Erin? There was nothing. If only she had one more flame! One more bit of hope! Yet Belavierr would extinguish that. She fought with such things. Wonder was her game. Wonder and horror, despair and beauty, used like coins to buy what she wanted.
Belavierr waited. She saw Mrsha’s paw quiver, reach for her. And then…stop.
The [Witch] frowned, but waited. She had Mrsha trapped. She was confident. The [Witch] watched Mrsha step back, eyes frowning, suddenly…flickering with thought.
There…was…another story, wasn’t there? A little, silly story. But one that—Mrsha began to move. She’d had an idea. One last idea.
The [Witch]’s confident look wavered. She followed Mrsha, a specter without end so long as her power endured. There was no way Mrsha could break it. She had seen the flowers, the Sage’s Grass, and she even knew this garden. None of it fazed her. The child would expend all hope. There were no stories here to equal her, at least, that the girl could use right now.
Yet Mrsha was going down the hill, leaving Erin behind. Searching for something in the darkness.
She found it at last. Something odd in the garden. Belavierr frowned as Mrsha inspected it, picking it up, opening it. She saw a strange glow.
Harsh. Bright. Too bright. Not like a [Light] spell. The little Gnoll tapped at something. A foreign material. Belavierr tilted her head. She actually lifted the brim of her hat to inspect it. And at last, she had to admit it.
