8.28
Page 27
Palt blew a cloud of smoke around Belavierr. It didn’t do a thing; the hallucinogen was as effective as Calescent’s spice. The Hob had given up on that; he’d realized nothing made of string could hurt Belavierr. So he was lighting the most flammable alcohols on fire and chucking them at her. Rufelt was helping.
“That one! Throw that one! That one won’t light! Not that one! It’s expensive!”
Belavierr was looking at Mrsha. The Gnoll felt the [Witch] pulling at her. She cried out soundlessly, and felt Belavierr twist—the [Witch] grinned.
“Ah, yes. White fur. Let me show you the doom following you, Mrsha.”
She drew a glittering needle in one hand, and pierced the air. She ignored all else and whispered. Mrsha felt her hair standing up. She felt a tug, and then the [Witch] whispered.
“[Thread of Fate].”
Her craft exceeded the petty little spells by far. Mrsha felt the [Witch] pull something, threading something coming out of her with the needle. It tugged tight. And then—
Drums. Mrsha’s head turned, and she heard a distant chorus of angry trumpets. Bezale, next to a window, pouring a potion on a cracked rib, chanced a glance outside. Her eyes widened.
“House of Minos. No way—”
 
—-
 
The Watch was already on full alert. The inn-response team was halfway out the gates when they heard the drums and trumpets.
They came out of nowhere. Jeiss was already on the battlements. He turned and swore.
“How did they get there? We have sentries—”
An army was coming up the road. An army with banners he recognized. Hectval.
They seemed as confused as Liscor. The sentry alarms began coming in.
“—Just appeared out of nowhere! Like a blur!”
“Hectval! They have catapults—”
 
—-
 
“How…how did we get here?”
The [Siegemaster] of Hectval raised a claw to his head. He looked around, confused. They should have been two days away! But they’d been marching and…no, they’d come here as planned.
Two days early? He looked up.
“We’re nearly in range of the city! Siegemaster, orders?”
“Be—begin the assault!”
Confusion was replaced by certainty. They had always meant to come here. The [Siegemaster] shook his head.
“Target the new portion of the city! Catapults to fire as soon as they are within range. And take that inn! Flashfire Riders, go!”
A stream of Drakes on horseback detached outwards. They knew their targets. The new, weak part of the city not protected by walls. And the inn, where the damned perpetrator of the attack on Hectval was. They’d torch both and pull back.
Surprise attack! To…everybody.
 
—-
 
Belavierr had just pulled an army out of thin air. Rags turned her head back to the [Witch], eyes wide.
“My craft is far stronger than little spells. See, child? Now, what other threads have you to pull and tear?”
The [Witch] reached for Mrsha. Wanderer blocked her way again, but this time she had his measure. She flicked a finger.
“The hangman’s noose calls you, guardian.”
He froze, and grabbed at his cloak. Too late—it twined around his neck, twisting up—trying to hang him! And again, she ignored the blows raining on her back, spells and arrows both. Bird’s bowstring snapped again and he tossed it down.
“This is cheating!”
Cheating? This was a Level…Rags didn’t know, but it was far beyond her. This was Greydath levels. Beyond Greydath levels?
More articles of clothing tried to strangle their owners. Belavierr seemed amused that such a trick was working on all those present. Nothing made of string could stand against her. Nor…could any of those in the inn hurt her.
“Show me your tricks, child. Your little stories. Show me how they can hurt me.”
