8.29
Page 24
Hethon knew that, but he wrote down what Ryoka told him to—then tore out one of the pages of the book of [Message] spells for those who used many such spells.
The message was short, and sweet, and Jericha didn’t know Ryoka had sent it. Hethon saw the Wind Runner smile before she lapsed into labored breathing, and that was worth getting in trouble.
He wondered who Fierre was, though. And why Ryoka had told her she needed Fierre to unleash…
Everything.
Sammial Veltras watched as Hethon helped Ryoka. Then as the [Healer] came back to help Ryoka. He waited for Ryoka to say something, ask for more help, but the female [Healer] ushered the boys out as she changed the red bedding.
Not blood, but still horrible. The Wind Runner was cursed. Hethon looked away, faint from the sight of the curse. Sammial looked back, not seeing the point of tasteful nudity yet and thus having nothing to be ashamed of aside from the grossness of it all.
Thus, it was he who opened the door right back up.
“Lord Sammial Veltras!”
The [Healer] shrieked, scandalized. Sammial marched up to Ryoka, who was nude. He stared at her as Hethon raised his fist to hit his brother.
“What’s that? I’ve never seen that before and I’ve seen her naked!”
He pointed. The [Healer] hesitated. So did Hethon. Then he turned beet red.
“What?”
“That!”
Sammial pointed just below Ryoka’s right breast. The [Healer] stared at it, and then Hethon. Both looked accusatorially at Sammial.
“There’s nothing there!”
Sammial gave his brother and the [Healer] a dubious look. No one could see it, not even Jericha. But Sammial did. It was a glowing red mark. And it looked like a familiar sigil. It was…pulsing. Of course, Jericha grew worried when Sammial told her about it and tried another [Dispel Magic], although she’d already cast it a few times since Ryoka had been hit.
She was aware of the power of auras, which were a natural counter to the most magical beings like Djinni; the reason the King of Destruction could fight them. Royalty was a counter unto great magic and even Skills. If Sammial saw something by virtue of his innate talent, it might be a manifestation of the curse. However, the odds were just as likely it was…
A beacon.
 
—-
 
Fierre val Lischelle-Drakle had never received a [Message] like this from Ryoka. It was short, simple, and to the point.
Please find Mrsha. Keep her safe. Bring her back. I need you to use everything. Everything. No matter what it takes. I will pay you back somehow.
It was the kind of favor only people like Ryoka asked. Ryoka, who was an all-or-nothing friend. Who’d go risk her life for a friend. Of course, that she asked it of Fierre was different than fulfilling that kind of thing herself, but as Ryoka had observed, she and Fierre were a bit alike.
And this was the kind of thing the Vampire girl had been waiting all her life for. Especially after she’d been cured. It was almost an excuse.
Just this once…because she had to…because she’d been asked…Fierre the Vampire would reluctantly use the full might of her heritage.
By the time Fierre got to the inn, it was emptying. She stepped around the monster parts still being dragged out, smelling the blood—
The inn was destroyed. And it was being abandoned, even as she watched. Oh, those were loaded terms. Fierre hadn’t seen the inn when it was blown up by a skeleton—or destroyed in the Creler fights. It was actually a lot more intact than you could hope for.
