8.29
Page 8
“What will be done about Belavierr? A monster like that on the loose? We should inform the Walled Cities, even if Pallass is aware.”
Viltach licked his lips. Valeterisa searched for all the information she could on Belavierr, and it was precious little. Naili frowned.
“When there’s a Hydra in the swamps and you’re carrying a bucket of gold, you don’t go after the Hydra. Earth matters more, is what I’m saying.”
“If she’s aware of Earth…”
“Then we’re in a race with her. I’d rather not send [Mages] after her; you saw how well Montressa’s Shock Orb did. It was like spitting into a tidal wave. No thanks.”
Valeterisa looked around. She tapped the table hard. No one was listening. She tilted her head, and came to a logical solution. She slapped the table so hard all four Archmages jumped.
Ow. I regret that.
Valeterisa stared at her stinging palm, and dismissed the pain—although she filed a note not to do that again. Attention gained, she looked around.
“You have misunderstood my point, Archmages. I did not suggest merely interdicting Belavierr or countering her agenda in regards to securing Earthers. What I meant was…why are we not attempting to make contact with her to negotiate for her knowledge?”
All four Archmages stared at Valeterisa. The woman stood up, unable to hold in her excitement.
“She demonstrated a superior knowledge of magecraft! To have such an experienced individual who predates Cognita and even Zelkyr many times over…regardless of the risk, and her divergent class, what we could learn is—”
She turned, eyes shining with the only desire of her life. Magic, and magic alone. Not politics or power. Oh, her fellow Archmages all wanted that.
Naili was ambitious and young. She wanted to be the greatest of Archmages.
Viltach wanted to be beloved among Terandria, a peer of royalty.
Verdan was too old. He…feared death and coveted ways to extend his legacy, and did not seek conflict with his position.
Feor? He was closest to her. He wanted magic—but he conflated it with respect, his faction.
Yet they all wanted magic. Just…she looked at their faces and hers fell. They gave her the same, disturbed look she had seen all her life.
“Belavierr is…not to be trusted, Valeterisa. You have read all the accounts of her deals, I am sure. They favor her to an extreme.”
“Yet if we could unlock spells and theories of old, Viltach. What would you not do to further magic itself?”
They looked at her, and Valeterisa saw it in their eyes. She opened her mouth and—
[Major thought // priority, regret, socialization // do not say it].
She closed her mouth. Yet what was stifled on her tongue was simply a question.
Would you not die for magic? Would you not dive into the heart of it, even if it meant your end? To see the truth?
They would not. So she sat back down, and stared longingly at the only other spellcaster who had leapt, like Valeterisa, into the very center of what she loved.
Magic alone. She had thought Grand Magus Eldavin understood.
He had, Valeterisa believed. Yet somehow, suddenly, practically overnight—
He had changed.
 
—-
 
Grand Magus Eldavin—well, why call him that? Already, some [Mages] were whispering he was the 6th Archmage of Wistram.
Nailihuaile, Verdan, Valeterisa, Feor, and Viltach—not including the last Archmage or the mysteriously absent Amerys that no one talked about—who could match Eldavin in magic?
