8.29
Page 35
Xeu, the Silent Antinium, and Pivr, the Flying Antinium, Prognugators both. Pivr clacked his mandibles, looking around in agitation. He gestured at Bird, as Xeu rubbed her scythe-arms, just as perturbed.
“…We have orders not to let an asset to the Hive die. You should restrain him.”
Yellow Splatters had not moved. He leaned against one of the walls and spoke as he looked at Bird.
“You could try. We will watch.”
“We have authority. Over you. You will obey.”
Xeu whispered to Bird, one of the few time she had ever spoken. Bird blinked at her.
“No.”
The Silent Antinium stared at him. Bird peered at her.
“How about that?”
He began to walk past them, and the two Prognugators blocked his way.
“We have authority.”
Pivr looked confused. Xeu raised a scythe, hesitantly, as if wondering how to stop Bird without hurting him. It was one of the Workers who spoke.
“No, you do not.”
The voice was female. It spoke through the Worker. The Antinium fell silent. Bird looked up.
“Oh, hello.”
The Free Queen of the Antinium looked at Pawn. The Prognugators of other Hives knelt. It was the Free Queen who spoke. Just this.
“Bird. I name you Revalantor of the Free Antinium. Go. If you would protect him, Xeu, Pivr, you will bow to his will.”
The two Prognugators looked up. Bird smiled.
“Thank you.”
Then he walked out of the Hive. The Antinium followed.
 
—-
 
The Goblins came down from the mountains the next day. The Antinium left their Hives.
By that time, Selys had bought as many supplies as she could. Bags of holding, horses.
There was only one Frost Wyvern. Fierre had been fretting over sunproof cloaks, their route. And…the gathering.
“Antinium? I’ve never seen an Antinium ride a horse. Goblins too? This is suicide.”
Palt was trying to talk them out of it. Bird pressed a finger against his mandibles.
“Be shush, silly horse-man. Do you think we don’t know that?”
The two Brothers leaned against their horses, looking at their travelling companions as the Goblins stared at the Antinium. Bird? He just made a fist and bumped Badarrow and Numbtongue and Snapjaw’s fists all at the same time. Ulvama ignored his fist-bump.
“Who else is coming? Who’s that?”
Ulvama frowned, standing straighter and hefting her staff warily. More people were coming from the inn. Fierre turned. She blinked.
She had expected one, not the other two. They slowed as they came down the hill. Palt looked up and scowled.
“Absolutely not! You’re not fighters!”
“Yeah, but we’re Runners. And if you’re chasing someone—there’s no one better. Fierre, I heard you wanted Garia. Not me?”
Fals and Garia Strongheart trotted down the hill. The City Runner and [Martial Artist] gave Fierre grins. The Vampire blinked at Garia.
“He wanted to come.”
“What about you? You’re not a warrior either!”
Palt trotted over. Octavia bit her fingernails.
“But it’s Mrsha. Look—it’s Mrsha, Palt.”
“Are you sure?”
“Someone has to come who can go into the cities and such, right, Fierre? I mean, besides you.”
The one actual non-monster beamed around as she clapped Fierre on the shoulder. Fals looked at Numbtongue and Badarrow. The [Bard] and [Sniper] duo glanced at him.
“You coming for Mrsha?”
“Yeah. If it wasn’t her—but that’s a kid. Right? Ryoka’s always going on adventures. I figured…I might as well.”
The two Goblins eyed the unfamiliar City Runner, but they didn’t turn him away. Fierre stared at the eclectic group, as Garia looked at Pivr and recoiled.
“What are you?”
The Flying Antinium just tilted its head, looking at Ulvama.
“What are you? A Painted Goblin?”
