8.29
Page 22
Jericha bent over Ryoka, urgently. Hethon danced on his feet.
“Um—um, Jericha. Maybe—maybe—”
He didn’t know what to say that was sufficiently distracting, but Sammial burst out.
“Maybe Ryoka should talk to Wiskeria! Do a communication spell like you did for father!”
Jericha glanced at him, annoyed, but Ryoka nodded feverishly.
In short order, Jericha had a scrying orb linked and Ryoka was muttering to a woman with a dark blue hat on the other end.
“Can you call her off? Tell her I’ll bring down the wrath of the fae on her. Tell her—”
“I can’t summon her, but she made my clothing…she doesn’t talk the same way you can to me, Ryoka. Let me—don’t threaten her.”
“I’m not afraid of her. I’ll—I’ll—grab Excalibur. I’ll get Arthur to get it and—”
Jericha was leaning in, through the doorway. Hethon bit his lip. He reached for the door.
“Lord Hethon! Please!”
Jericha reached to stop him. Sammial kicked her in the back of the knee and she fell down. The boys slammed the door shut and missed the rest as they were told off soundly.
 
—-
 
By the time they got the door open, Ryoka was passed out. Wiskeria, however, seemed to be in communication with Belavierr herself. Jericha froze as the [Witch] fiddled with her spectacles.
“Mother. Mother, what’s this about? Calm down. I’ve never heard you actually raise your voice like this. Are you attacking little girls, mother?”
Her eyes flicked up as Jericha paused. Wiskeria listened to…something. Was her hat whispering to her? It had a sibilant tone, like the voice a spider might make, if only a spider could speak. Just hearing it made Hethon clap his hands over his ears and Sammial screw his face up. It was…
“Don’t use your voice on me, mother. I’m not a child! And this isn’t a girl who pushed me—”
To their amazement, Wiskeria held her aggrieved, arguing tone. Reply to the hiss of immortal wrath on the other end. She paced back and forth.
“Three relics? More? Your eye? Okay. Okay. No, I will not join you in vengeance. It sounds like your fault. I want you to call off vengeance on Mrsha. Forswear.”
The argument went back and forth. Wiskeria shot an aside to Jericha.
“She doesn’t like getting hurt. Someone—hurt her? What’s this about her eye? She’s angrier than I’ve ever heard her—hold on.”
She went back to speaking to her hat, staring up at the tip and sky.
“I’m asking you as your daughter. Yes. Yes, through Ryoka, who’s made threats…don’t you dare. Forswear vengeance! What do you mean, a ‘pact’? We’re family. Can’t you do one thing without—fine!”
Wiskeria threw her hat down and stomped on it. Then she picked it back up, set it on a stump, and glared at it.
“Forswear all harm to Mrsha, her friends, family, and no ill will for the rest of her life.”
The hat didn’t like that. It actually opened up a mouth full of stitched thread—a horrific sight—and spoke.
“I will not. More than one has offended me greatly.”
Wiskeria was folding her arms.
“Then—all physical, mental, and magical harm to just Mrsha.”
She turned to Jericha.
“Best I can do.”
Again, the hat didn’t like that, but the whisper became inaudible to the others. It seemed to Hethon like the…strings were whispering. He shuddered, but Wiskeria just rolled her eyes.
“Mother—mother—be quiet, mother. Your daughter is asking. So don’t say ‘vengeance without end or relief’, because we both know it’s about cost. I’ve heard you say that to that [Lord], remember? What’s the price?”
Sulkily, the hat responded. Wiskeria raised her brows.
“Absolutely not. At least…ten years. No, make it thirty. Thirty years.”
