8.29
Page 15
“I’m Eldavin’s apprentice, Calac! Give me a bit more time!”
“We were told to move as fast as possible. The King of Destruction is wounded and you want to learn spells?”
“That’s why we’re here. Just—”
The doorknob rattled and both young men turned from their fierce argument. Trey saw Calac instinctively go for his sword.
“Who is it? I’m a bit busy!”
He heard no response as he called out. There was a muffled voice—and then Valeterisa opened the door.
“Archmage! What—?”
Both young men lurched to their feet, with the instinctive fear that she’d overheard. But Valeterisa didn’t look accusatory. She just looked, well, vaguely lost-in-thought as always. Her eyes focused on Trey.
“Ah, you are here. Good.”
“Archmage, can I help you?”
“Mm. No. Where is it? [Appraisal]. There.”
Valeterisa walked over. Trey saw her bend down—and a waist-sized Golem jerked upright. Minizi reached for her rather-more-dangerous claymore. She was being repaired after venturing into Wistram’s uncharted area, but she’d come back victorious after killing some kind of monster.
“Archmage, that’s—”
Valeterisa plucked a bit of Lifesand from Minizi’s miniature dreadlocks. She put it in her bag of holding and looked up. Trey stared at her. Minizi flailed, outraged.
“Oops. That was…accidental…”
The Archmage of Izril’s eyes flickered as she tried to come up with an excuse. Then she shrugged and gave up.
“Here you are.”
She put a handful of gold coins on the bed, turned, and walked out of the room. Trey and Calac stared at the Lifesand stealer as Minizi tried to totter after her, waving her sword. Calac turned to Trey.
“What was that?”
 
—-
 
Valeterisa had found that if you took what you wanted, you could get away with it in a statistically high number of scenarios. She walked through Wistram’s corridors, ignoring the looks, the muttering when she ate, or acted rudely…
She didn’t care. In a way, it didn’t matter. If she needed someone to like her, Valeterisa would make an effort.
I gave everything for magic. My youth, my health, friendships…I left Wistram because few [Mages] believed in that. I thought Eldavin—
Well. She was leaving. The Archmage’s thoughts kept drifting back to Eldavin. It was a curious flaw; she was actually a bit emotional about it.
“[Calm].”
She produced a wand, stuck it against her temple, and lowered her own defenses against the spell. A [Mage] passing by stared at her. Valeterisa nodded as her mind loosened its grip on the disappointment Eldavin had caused.
That was better. Time to pursue the most optimally advantageous activities. Not in Wistram. Ironically, despite Earth being present, every [Mage] was devoting their time and attention to researching and collecting more information about Earth.
Valeterisa could recognize when a research team was overstaffed. She would collect salient data after they had organized it for her. She had a simple formula she employed.
To further the understanding and depths of magic, one needed a number of factors.
Time. Funding. Knowledge.
No more than that. Of course, you broke down all three areas into subcategories; time meant safety, a research spot, like the island she had labored to secure and fortify. Also—a way to prevent oneself from dying of old age. She was working on that, and kept hoping someone would start selling Potions of Immortality or Reverse Aging. She’d worry more in ten years.
Funding meant influence as well as money. After all, to acquire knowledge, spellbooks, or resources like mana crystals, you needed support. Financial and political.
