8.29
Page 32
The young man gestured at the best [Negotiator], who had gotten him before anyone else. Rags turned to face Calescent. The [Spice Chef] looked smug as he waggled his eyebrows. In Goblin body-language, he was expressing immense satisfaction and hilarity at her reaction, and a slight shift of his head indicated the crossbows. And Kevin.
Eh, Chieftain? Seems like I did good, huh? Want to buy me that spice rack after all?
“How?”
Rags eyed Kevin, ignoring the smug [Chef]. Kevin scratched at his head.
“Well…I was looking at the Wyverns, and Calescent was like, ‘want to fly? Come with.’ So I did. Am I in trouble?”
Master-class negotiation. Rags looked at Kevin, and then turned back to Badarrow. That was not what mattered right now. It was simply this. She took a deep breath and began to speak.
 
—-
 
“Mrsha is gone. The inn is being abandoned. Erin is dead. For now. So, I am leaving.”
Bird spoke. The Antinium listened. The inn was…their heads swung back to Pawn. Yet the [Priest] just listened. His gaze was fixed on Bird.
The [Hunter] stood in the center of the Antinium, the Free Antinium, the Antinium from other Hives, looking around.
“Hello. I forgot to say this—I am Bird. You do not know me, I do not know you. Especially you.”
He pointed at Xeu. The Silent Antinium’s Prognugator clacked her mandibles. The others looked at Bird as he turned around.
“That is not important; I do not care. Mrsha is gone. I am going after her.”
Someone spoke.
“You will not survive.”
Pivr. Pawn had nearly forgotten the Flying Antinium’s Prognugator was here. Pivr stared at Bird.
“Are you suggesting leaving Liscor? That is not a sensible decision. To the south lies the lands of the Drakes. Gnolls. We are bound by our Hive’s pact with them. If any Antinium is found outside of Liscor or the Hivelands, they will be killed.”
“Thank you for telling me, not-bird Antinium. I like your wings.”
Bird looked at Pivr and turned away. He happily ignored Pivr.
“I have never been to the south. Yet some Gnoll has taken Mrsha. She is missing, and she is part of the inn. If Erin wakes up tomorrow—she will be sad. Lyonette will be sad, if Mrsha never comes back. I will be…sad.”
The Antinium listened. Bird looked around.
“So. I am going. I do not know where I am going, exactly. But I came here to ask if anyone is coming with me.”
They looked at each other, Belgrade, Garry, Pawn, Yellow Splatters, as the Antinium made his request.
 
—-
 
“Badarrow is leaving. So is Snapjaw. They go to find this Gnoll.”
Rags spoke. The Goblins susurrated, expressing their feelings in gestures more than words. Rags looked at Badarrow. He should say something.
“Am going.”
The taciturn [Sniper] glanced along the lines of faces. Towards the Redfangs.
At Redscar, the last leader of the tribe. Redscar folded his arms.
“Chieftain has battles to fight. You leaving tribe?”
“I give him permission. He comes back if not dead.”
Rags snapped back. Redscar shrugged. Badarrow looked around, and a sea of glowing crimson eyes met his. Kevin watched, fascinated, as a Wyvern sniffed him and drooled.
This is what they said.
 
—-
 
Bird looked at Pawn. Badarrow glanced at Rags as he leaned against the Wyvern ready to take him back to Liscor. And…further beyond.
“Will you stop me?”
Bird tilted his head, curiously, gazing at Pawn. The [Priest] looked up at him.
“Stop you? I would go with you if I could. But Bird—Pivr is right. We are Antinium. I cannot ask others to die. The Antinium are going to war. Is that not so, Belgrade?”
The [Tactician] walked forwards. He nodded slowly, looking at Bird, at the floor.
