8.29
Page 16
She was heading out of Wistram because they had nothing more to offer her. Izril did. Or Terandria. Baleros?
“Hm…I should set up teleport waypoints to travel easily between the island and Wistram first.”
Valeterisa left Wistram through the front doors. She nodded to some students going out to try fishing with magic, walked past some Golems unloading cargo from the docks, and down, to the pier.
[Sailors] and a [Captain] stared as the Archmage walked towards them; she hadn’t chartered a ship. Then Valeterisa stopped, mid-step as the [Captain] hurried down the gangplank.
“Archmage, can we help you?”
She stared at the Human man blankly, then snapped her fingers.
“Izril is that way. Of course. I’m not taking a ship. I should cancel my ship-boarding routine…”
She pointed. The [Captain] stared as the woman turned, reversed direction, and began walking around the isle, to Izril’s geographical location.
Valeterisa had been going on auto-pilot, but she remembered a ship would take…weeks, possibly. Unacceptable.
So she walked across the rocky terrain on the other side of the academy, around the citadel, the home of [Mages], past rocks, a camouflaged battle golem…Cognita…
Valeterisa slowed. She looked back. There was Cognita, sitting with her head in her arms halfway submerged in the surf. She’d barely noticed the Truestone Golem.
“Cognita?”
The Golem looked up. She’d been…making a strange sound. Muffled amid the crash of waves. Valeterisa would have called it crying. The Truestone Golem raised her head and Cognita saw her face was also distorted from normal.
“Archmage Valeterisa?”
The two stared at each other. Valeterisa’s thoughts jumbled together, and an automatic-reply one took over.
“Hello, Cognita. We are having wonderful weather today, aren’t we? So pleasant to meet you!”
Her mouth smiled. Cognita stared at the Archmage. Valeterisa decided that was good enough.
“Goodbye.”
The woman walked onto the surf, more heartless than the Golem she left kneeling in misery. Valeterisa began to walk…then stopped the pointless leg motions.
She began to fly. Cognita watched the Archmage of Izril cast [Levitation] and simply…fly off, towards Izril. Valeterisa began to rise higher. She was muttering automatic reminders to herself.
“Avoid low-flying over the sea; attracts Reefeyes and Sea Serpents. Cast [Haste]. Casting [Haste]…make sure you have magical barriers up…”
She levitated higher, speeding up. Cognita stared at Valeterisa’s back. Slowly, she reached for the sand and water flowing around her.
The mudball hit the back of Valeterisa’s barrier and she turned back. She stared at Cognita. Once again proving that barriers were essential to flight-travel. She waved and sped off.
 
—-
 
Valeterisa spent the time in flight doing a few things. Her body was actually relatively easy to leave with only a few thoughts running. A few to manage the [Levitation] spell, watch out for threats, eat, manage her basic functions—she’d heard you could teleport urine and feces out of your body, but Valeterisa had weighed the risks of such a spell and decided not to try it—and so on.
She only had to focus every hundred miles, which was thankfully rare, to create the ‘pylons’ she’d use to teleport-jump back and forth from Wistram to other locations from. Of course, there were actual teleportation spells long in existence in Wistram, but a personal network was far easier than a [Greater Teleport] spell, which even Eldavin claimed not to know.
