8.29
Page 0

Like a great natural disaster, or powerful spell—or simply the clash of armies, the aftereffects, the fallout took far longer than the event itself. Processing that might take days, weeks…years…
If you could even piece together the full story. That was the challenge here, for all those aware of the event, even those tangentially related to the main players of the story. If you saw her from afar, that was not knowing what she was.
Belavierr the Spider. Belavierr, the Stitch Witch. Yet she had many more names. There were many titles that had been lost to time, stories in the depths of the secret libraries about her. Before you could process the impact she had made, how close Liscor had come to calamity—for all it had seen enough—you had to know her.
Which was impossible. So you didn’t know quite who had attacked, or what she’d done. Or why she’d done it.
The consequences were obvious. A child was kidnapped, an army had been beaten back, the dungeon’s threat resurfaced…there were wounds, recriminations, and it all spiraled around the inn, again. There were dead Gnolls that no one could identify, Goblins riding Wyverns, and so many dead monsters that the Adventurer’s Guild had hired every [Alchemist] in the city to help catalogue important parts before they went to rot.
That was…easy to deal with. The hard part was asking what had happened. Would it happen again? Was there any way to prevent it, make safeguards? And…where was little Mrsha? Was she in direct danger? Had a [Slavetaker] gotten her, or something darker?
Many people asked those kinds of questions. What had Belavierr wanted? What was that spell Xrn had cast? How had that single Antinium beaten her back? Would Hectval try again?
The question betrayed the goals of the individual involved, and their personality. Some—some asked no questions.
Lyonette du Marquin just screamed. Screamed, and ran for the gates, the walls, as if to run to Pallass, before they caught her. Numbtongue? He sat amid guilt and a second horror of failure—but not for long. Not this time.
Some were not able to process at all; the Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings simply collected their dead. One of them tipped his hat to Ishkr as the Gnoll gestured at the four men, lying prone after the fighting had ended.
“Terrible business, sir. Happens to the best of us, though.”
“I—I—I don’t know how to thank you. I can’t. Someone should speak to you. To…they saved us all.”
Ishkr looked for someone else in authority to give the Brothers their due, but there was no one. Everyone else was busy or mourning or trying to find Mrsha, or—
The man had a tall cap and he looked as old as the Brother he was helping carry away. In…a bag of holding. He’d just bent down and the body had vanished. It seemed disrespectful, to Ishkr. Practical, yes, but for the dead?
“Don’t you worry, sir. We’re used to it. We’ll get these fellows in the right place. Among their kind. If I may say so—it was their choice. It was all volunteers and we appreciate the sentiments, but there’s little to say. We had a debt. A debt was paid. More’n paid, maybe.”
Two of the other three Brothers who had come by gave the third a significant look and he passed a finger over his mouth.
“Apologies. Not my place.”
“Are—what will happen now?”
The man looked at him as he bent over another body, inspecting the face, identifying him and writing it down, then collecting the body. He glanced up at Ishkr.
