8.29
Page 34
“They will hunt you across Izril! If you go with them, they will watch you and try to slaughter you with every step you take. So why do you ask?”
He bared his teeth. A challenge, a question. Badarrow met the older Goblin’s gaze, unflinching. He thought, and Bird replied. He looked around, having prefaced the journey with the truth. The odds against them. Certain death.
“I tell you this because it is true. And I am asking because I am going, not because I want more Antinium to die with me. That is not my goal. If you were wondering.”
“Didn’t say I wanted Goblins to come.”
Badarrow addressed Redscar. The Goblin raised his brows.
“Then what?”
Bird looked around, spreading his four arms to his Antinium audience.
“I am asking if you want to come with me. Because I am going. I must. So if you must—come. If you know you must go, even if you die, that is why you go.”
He lowered his arms. Looking at Garry, Belgrade, Pawn, all of whom knew what called him. Garry was opening and closing his mandibles, but Bird laid a hand on his arm.
“Pawn is hurt. Belgrade has a promise. And you are bad at fighting, Garry. I am going. Erin is here—you can protect her. Mrsha is different.”
“You cannot leave it to anyone else, Bird?”
Garry whispered. Bird just smiled. He shook his head.
“Mrsha is my big sister. She said that and I have no idea what it means, but it means something. I am the younger brother! Although she is sillier than even me. I must go.”
The Goblin nodded.
“A debt for the inn. It is still here. For the Redfangs who were there. Headscratcher. Shorthilt. They would go. So I am going.”
Badarrow looked around. There were not Goblin words for the specific meaning of ‘debt’. Not like this.
“How many times will you pay it?”
Redscar. He didn’t scoff, but the Goblins were curious. Badarrow just gave him a pointy grin.
“You never finish, until you die.”
The other Goblin thought about this. Then he laughed and nodded.
 
—-
 
They stood there, in a single rank of bodies.
Antinium.
Goblins.
Hobgoblins and regular Goblins.
Workers and Soldiers.
Painted and unpainted, [Shamans], [Warriors], Cave Goblins and Mountain City Goblins, Redfangs, Prognugators of foreign Hives, Individuals and not.
“If you would join Bird, and leave us…”
Pawn raised his voice. Rags shouted.
“Goblins who will follow Badarrow—”
“Step forwards.”
The line of Goblins and Antinium moved. Thousands of Goblins and Antinium, as one, did nothing.
They did not volunteer. They had heard what lay ahead and decided not to. Bird smiled and Badarrow grinned.
Good. Because they didn’t want all of them. If all of them had volunteered to die, that was a problem.
Their eyes fixed on the ones who had moved.
They stepped forwards, in perfect synchronization with no one else, and looked around, hesitated, and began to step back.
Then stopped. Goblins and Antinium looked at each other. For reasons only they knew, they had left the others. Stepped out of line.
Fifteen Antinium. Twelve Goblins.
Badarrow nodded. The Goblins of Goblinhome were tired of dying. Even for the best of reasons. Yet twelve had come. Twelve, who thought they had a debt yet to pay. He saw only three Redfangs. The rest of the Goblins were all of one kind.
Cave Goblins. He nodded at them and they bared their teeth in reply.
Bird glanced at the Workers and Soldiers. The ones who had known Mrsha. Who had gone to the inn. He made to walk towards them and two of the Antinium who had moved blocked Bird’s path.
