8.29
Page 38
He’d reached down and pulled the needle out. Then crouched beside Niers.
“How did you find me?”
Bird glanced at Apista, who was buzzing around worriedly, looking for Mrsha.
“I am Bird. I stare at small things and you are very small. What are you?”
 
—-
 
So they rode. Bird tilted his head to the sky. He hummed as he left the inn behind.
[Revalantor Level 3!]
[Skill – Antinium Telepathy (Weak) obtained!]
 
[Liar Level 1!]
[Skill – Convincing Lies obtained!]
 
—-
 
Ishkr watched them go. First Mrsha—then them.
They were all gone.
The Earthers, the guests, the family who had lived there. Erin remained, but she was gone too. The Gnoll walked through the empty inn, ignoring the Pallassian Drakes securing it.
They were not the inn. Now…he ran his hand across the counter. Walked through the kitchen.
Into the [Garden of Sanctuary]. The Gnoll walked up the hill, stopped at the frozen bier.
“They’ve all gone, Erin. What should I do?”
Without her, the inn was…drifting apart. The Gnoll sat down for a while.
“Until they come back.”
He rose, and walked down the hill. Until they came back…Ishkr realized this was the truth. He went to every shutter, and closed them. Boarded up the windows smashed in. He locked all the doors, and went to the front door.
They would move the portal door to Liscor. Unless Pallass decided to operate it here. But the inn itself?
It took him time to find a piece of wood suitable. And paint, a brush.
He found it in the basement, where an [Innkeeper] had abandoned it long ago. Ishkr wrote carefully, making the words larger. He put the sign up, over the door, and prepared to nail it in.
 
The Wandering Inn is closed. Please come back later.
 
He hesitated, as he took a few nails and a hammer. It was such a bleak message. It was—wrong.
The [Head Server] looked at the message. He thought of what Erin would write. Then he quickly reversed the piece of wood, and dipped the brush into the paint. He wrote again, and this time stood back. Satisfied, Ishkr put it up, nailed it into the door, and looked at it.
This was what the sign said:
 
The Wandering Inn is closed, sorry. Please return later. We’ll be back one day.
 
He read it again, and nodded.
“Yes. That will do.”
It was a promise. The Gnoll looked at it, and then turned his head. But they were already gone.
So he walked back into the inn, to serve the Pallassian [Soldiers]. To clean up.
But before it all, Ishkr paused by the bar. He looked around the empty inn, and found a good glass. He poured some liquid into it, went for the little lantern under the bar.
There was still a glow. He lit the alcohol, reminding himself to add fuel to the lantern later. To it he added a tiny yellow flower, watching as the flames ate it. One of a handful. They too would return and grow again.
The pink flame glowed on top of the mouthful of liquid. Ishkr raised it in a silent toast.
Minotaur’s Punch.
He drank, and the inn came back to life around him. The Gnoll smiled as he saw an [Innkeeper] standing there.
We’ll be back.
Then he closed The Wandering Inn until they returned. And waited.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Well, this is the chapter after the chapter. I have one more chapter left in me—a short one—and then I will take my monthly break. Perhaps a bit longer; I’ll be going on a vacation with actual travel.
I do need it; I think you can see the signs of exhaustion. Lack of description, weaker scenes in parts…well, I hope you like it either way.
