8.29
Page 17
She could efficiently move from continent to continent, depending on the mana costs! Valeterisa spent some time analyzing how this might change travel, concluded it would still mean only those with exceptional mana and spellcasting abilities would be able to use it—or the rich and powerful—and added a few magical locations to her immediate ‘to-visit’ list.
Like Khelt. Wasn’t that under attack? Drat.
Anyways, the point was that most of Valeterisa’s mind was free to be used on other tasks, so she happily devoted over half to understanding the magical theorems Eldavin had given her. Some might actually help her with the new magic she was working on.
…He had reacted to her project. Did he know the spell? If so, and if that meant she had spent over a decade of research trying to re-discover what he knew, Valeterisa would be genuinely upset.
Either way, she’d pursue it when she could devote 80% of her mind to the task. Never 99%. Never again.
It was to Izril that Valeterisa’s thoughts went. As she had observed, Wistram had little she needed to be there to pursue. She communicated that to Eldavin.
 
Valeterisa to Eldavin: Am in transit to Issrysil, setting up teleportation network for easy return. Please communicate any needs via [Message] spell with the following encryption—thank you for encryption theory. I will provide any necessary resources or communication for Terras faction remotely.
Eldavin to Valeterisa: Transit to Izril? WHAT.
 
She didn’t respond. If he messaged her again, she would elaborate. Valeterisa put all that aside; her work in Wistram was done unless she was contacted. She felt relieved about that; she had so much work piling up after her ten-year absence.
Let’s see. Communicate imminent arrival to priority list. Her lips moved as she cast [Message]; she found it helped her self-check the communiques, and misunderstandings caused so much trouble.
“Valeterisa to Ieka: Hello, Ieka. I am returning. I hope you are not hexed. I see from your reply all is well? Talk to me about quote urgent business unquote later, and Ryoka Griffin. My first destination is my research base.”
She nodded to herself. Ieka was one of her rare contacts that was neither business nor magically-related alone. Both, of course; she was aware Ieka was very helpful as their family, Imarris, provided her with resources, but Ieka was listed under ‘affection’.
It was a list of four—no, wait. Valeterisa discarded one name she’d forgotten to remove.
Three.
Next…let’s see.
“Valeterisa to Lord Deilan El…wait. Reroute through standard [Mage]…”
She sighed. She had to not only contact the House of El through the proper channels, but be more polite. Her lips moved and then, a surprisingly charming smile appeared on her face. No one could see, but she’d activated her ‘polite and social’ routine to compose the [Message].
“Lord Deilan El, I apologize for the delay. I am currently returning to Izril, and will of course communicate with you on further projects for the House of El at my soonest convenience. I regret to say that I am pressed for time at the moment, but delighted by the Kaalblade’s success. Please—”
 
[Major thought // self-introspection, calculation // banking, merchant’s guild] – Wait. What is the return on Kaalblade sales? Pertains to further work with House of El.
 
Valeterisa paused and checked her balance at the Merchant’s Guild. It was tiresomely slow since she had to ask the Merchant’s Guild to look up the information…her thoughts actually stopped on the figure.
