8.29
Page 2
Elirr shot to his feet; his fur was practically falling out from horror. Lism corrected his words.
“I mean, Councilm—damn it, Elirr. What are we going to do? Send the Watch? Send a [Tracker]? How large a force? We are at war. Hectval just attacked us!”
“We can’t ignore that. But we can’t ignore Mrsha. Or the fact that this—this [Witch], Belavierr—nearly conjured something that might have caused untold devastation!”
Alonna snapped back at Lism’s perceived apathy. The [Shopkeeper] fixed her with an eye.
“Oh yes, Alonna? And let’s say we form a taskforce. Are we sending all of 4th Company? They took nearly a sixth of their number in casualties from one clash with her! All of the Watch? Could, if they even found her, and caught up, all of the Watch even scratch that—that thing? Olesm? Zevara?”
The two Drakes looked at each other. Zevara shook her head at the same time at Olesm.
“Not a chance.”
“She can’t just get away with this, Watch Captain!”
Jeiss rose to his feet, outraged. Lism snapped back.
“Oh yes she can, Councilmember Jeiss!”
Jeiss was astonished. The [Swordsman] looked at Lism.
“You want to let her go? And Mrsha?”
Lism was shaking. He stood up to pace and his tail struck the chairs, it was lashing so hard.
“Absolutely. Do you think I’m happy about it? But I just read the reports our [Librarian] dug up—Belavierr. Full power unknown. The kind of [Witch] who can raise the dead and apparently fight Xrn, Grimalkin, and three damn armies without being hurt! She’s the kind of thing that passes by a city, causes chaos, and they let her go. Maybe even Pallass. Do you know why? Because that is why.”
He pointed out the window. At the smoke still rising from the pyres outside the inn. The other Councilmembers looked out the window. Lism sat down. He couldn’t control his voice. It was shaking with fury.
“We let her go because if we make her an enemy, we vanish off the map. Hectval? Damn Hectval! I want Hectval torn stone from stone and their Council in chains! Belavierr?”
He shook his head. The Councilmembers looked at him, some shocked, but he was glad to see Tismel and Zalaiss nodding fervently. Their usual cowardice? It suited him just fine. He wanted all the Council on this page. They didn’t touch Belavierr. Lism would never forget.
“What about Mrsha?”
Elirr stared at Lism. The Drake managed a grimace, not a smile.
“Not the same, Elirr. A citizen of Liscor was kidnapped.”
“And you want to do nothing?”
For answer, the purple-scaled Drake leaned on the table. He looked at Elirr, not unsympathetically. He didn’t like the troublemaking little Gnoll, who made rude gestures at him whenever she saw him. But she was a child. Still—his objections there weren’t the same at all.
“I’d throw whatever we could at finding her—and identifying that Gnoll, Councilmember Elirr. I’m willing to entertain whatever suggestions the Watch Captain and Strategist Olesm have to locating and rescuing her. However. Do you really think we’ll be helpful compared to who’s going after her?”
The Councilmembers hesitated. They eyed the window, where a Wyvern was already taking off; and two more had already flown south. Wyverns, and multiple Gold-rank teams who had heard about the beloved child’s disappearance.
“So we do nothing. Just like you said.”
Alonna looked like she was eating grain mixed with rat feces. Lism already had a plateful, but he nodded.
“We focus on where we can make a difference. I know an impossible sale when I see it, Alonna. What can we make sure never happens again?”
