8.29
Page 36
They didn’t know each other, some of them. The Cave Goblins nudged each other as they pointed at Garia’s abs. Bird was introducing Fierre to Xeu.
“This is Fierre, Xeu. She is Ryoka’s friend. I have no more information about her.”
“What is…a Ryoka?”
Fals was eying the rescue party. He frowned, peering around at faces.
“Antinium. Goblins. Humans. The three most-hated species are going into Izril’s south. Are you telling me we don’t have one Drake or Gnoll?”
The others looked at each other. Numbtongue shrugged.
“Drassi can’t fight. Selys can’t fight. Olesm is going to fight Hectval. Relc?”
He glanced at Badarrow and the [Sniper] made a face.
“Mm. Maybe. He gone though, right?”
“Yup. Gnolls gone too. Krshia gone. Elirr old…Halfseekers? Too far.”
The Goblins halted in listing all the people who couldn’t join in. Because someone was trotting towards them. No—two people.
The token Gnoll and Drake came to a halt, regarding the group. The Gnoll woman just snorted.
“Uh—hi. Can we come?”
Fierre blinked at the Gnoll…she had never seen before in her life. Numbtongue frowned. He eyed the Gnoll’s armor and weaponry.
“Who are you? Why do you want to find Mrsha?”
For answer, one of the two just grinned, but the Gnoll strode forwards. She stopped, and snapped a military salute as she not-quite looked past Numbtongue.
“Sergeant Gna, at your service. Sir. Heard you needed someone who could actually smell the quarry.”
4th Company’s Gnoll looked at the company. Fierre had lost her eyebrows in her hair.
“You want to come with us? Why?”
The Gnoll hesitated. She chose her words carefully.
“Wing Commander Embria got an or…request from Liscor’s Council and the Strategist. Said it was looking for volunteers from 4th Company. I volunteered.”
The others exchanged glances. Snapjaw bared her teeth in an unfriendly way as she eyed Gna.
“Really. Why do you want to come?”
The Gnoll scowled at the ground and kicked at some grass.
“Because I…really want to go with you. Look, do you want me to help? I can go if you don’t.”
She looked hopeful, but after some silent thought, Bird and Numbtongue nodded. Gna sighed.
“Creler eggs.”
The last of the volunteers was the most confusing, although she at least, was recognizable. The onyx-scaled Drake had a pack on her shoulders and a horse. She kept glancing behind her.
“I’d like to come too! My name’s Salkis. Uh—are we moving fast?”
Numbtongue blinked at Salkis. The Drake shot him a grin and looked around, sizing up the others. Fierre frowned.
“Why do you want to join us?”
The Drake took a shuddering breath. She was practically dancing on her feet—not least because someone was going to notice her body-double soon. She’d run away from home. As to why? She looked at Numbtongue.
“Because this is the most fun thing I’ve ever seen in my life. I can help. I know how to fight. There will be fighting, right?”
He just shrugged, backing up warily. Salkis fell into place. Fierre opened her mouth, but she didn’t have the heart to say no.
…No. Rather, she looked at the group and felt like this was madness. Over six different species, with various levels of gear, experience, backgrounds—not all friends—
“This isn’t an army. We’re all going to die.”
“If that’s your speech, I hate it. Thanks.”
Sergeant Gna called back. The Antinium just hefted their packs, silently determined. The Goblins started laughing.
“What’s so funny?”
“Good joke.”
Snapjaw nudged Fierre, then looked confused when no one else started laughing. Snapjaw swung herself into the Frost Wyvern’s saddle as Badarrow joined her.
