8.29
Page 18
…That was a lot of gold. Valeterisa had money, but even she could appreciate a sum like that. And—she was going over Lord Deilan’s correspondence.
A Kaalblade wielded by Ryoka Griffin? Valeterisa erased her last [Message] instantly.
“Lord Deilan El, apologies for the late response! I am returning from Wistram and was unavoidably delayed. I am delighted by the Kaalblades’ sales! I will communicate with you at my earliest convenience once I reach land, and would appreciate any further details on this mysterious Kaalblade. Sincerely…fill in salutations.”
The Archmage of Izril auto-tasked one of her thoughts to send and wait for a response. In the meantime, she sorted through the rest of her ‘inbox’.
She was delighted that Earth’s children had known some of the internal systems she was using, and the lexicon of words they’d provided had helped her immensely. She’d even optimized some of her own methods of thought based on their descriptions and these ‘computers’.
For instance, a ‘recycling bin’ that you used to double-check what you were erasing before consigning something like ‘what your niece sent you for your birthday’ to the void? Genius. And said long-term archival for useless data like that?
She read through her mail as she flew. Would you like a shipment of goods? No. Invitation to—deleted. Your relative has died—check the name, delete and omit further [Messages].
Of all the dross, only one recent [Message] stood out to Valeterisa not already on her list of contacts. She checked the sender identification, and saw it had come from a rarely-used area of contacts.
Southern Izril. That was to say, via Drake channels. Most of her clients were Human, and she had stronger ties in the north. Strange, since she had grown up in Fissival, but they had never liked her as much—until after she became an Archmage. And then of course, they hadn’t appreciated her statement of non-interference in the affairs of the Walled Cities…
This was interesting because the client could be important. The contents were interesting, however. Her thoughts skimmed out the superfluous details and presented her with the content. She began to respond.
“Archmage Valeterisa requesting [Message] spell to…fill in name…Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar. To Wall Lord Ilvriss, salutations to the City of Gems, I am Archmage Valeterisa, and whilst my schedule is busy, I am intrigued by any personal spellcasting employment you would like to offer, with sufficient remuneration. May I inquire about specific details, or is the content quote secretive, unquote…?”
It was so hard to get [Lords] and [Ladies] of any species to just tell you what they wanted. Ieka was so simple because Valeterisa had taught her niece how to be efficient.
True to form, Ilvriss’ letter had been frustratingly vague, but Valeterisa found he had a [Mage] close by, because he responded almost instantly after getting her [Message].
 
Ilvriss to Valeterisa: Archmage, I am honored to receive your correspondence. I realize you do not often visit southern Izril and you have been indisposed of late.
Valeterisa to Ilvriss: For ten years, yes. I would like to qualify, however, that I am Archmage of Izril, and my connections to the Drake cities are no less strong than to the north. My business is seldom as pressing in the south however, hence my residence and the rarity of contacts. However, I am delighted to speak with you! How may I help a Wall Lord of Salazsar?
 
