8.29
Page 27
The [Priest] sighed and lay back. If he could have smiled, he would. Yet Mrsha was gone. For her, he would have traded it all. He prayed for her.
Pawn leveled up the most. Mrsha was third. The person who leveled up second-most was a [Blacksmith’s Apprentice] in Liscor, who had no idea why he had jumped so many levels.
He only made the connection with selling the Worker a club and shield he’d made when he checked his Skills.
 
—-
 
Rags had not slept since the battle. She had no time to investigate her Skills. Her Goblins were getting ready to leave.
Like the others. She growled at the watching Drakes and Gnolls and other non-Goblins. Her skin prickled.
Some of them looked ready to kill her. 4th Company and Embria were the nice-looking ones. She turned briskly to Badarrow.
“I will give you Snapjaw and her Wyvern. No more.”
“Not more, Chieftain? Might need.”
Badarrow and Rags kept their backs turned, and they spoke in Goblin tongue, with Goblin gestures. Let the others try to eavesdrop on that.
Rags made an apologetic gesture.
“If could, would. Needed. Also—lightning-rain-death city. Not good Wyverns. Fly-die.”
She meant Pallass. More than a single Wyvern would attract attention. One was more than enough, and she would miss Snapjaw…but she and Badarrow were a pair and Rags knew better than to forbid it.
“Come to Goblinhome first. Supplies.”
He nodded. Rags glanced around as Badarrow went over to join Snapjaw. Numbtongue would stay. Calescent? He was coming back. The Hob had made up his mind, and reluctant as he might be—he was a [Chef]. A battle-chef, but not suited to finding little Mrshas.
“Chieftain, can’t send more Goblins?”
She shrugged at him as he came over.
“Little Mrsha danger. But Gnoll fight for her. Less danger than us.”
He grinned ruefully at that. Rags had a different opinion of Mrsha’s kidnapping. It might be safer than here, frankly, and she couldn’t help. Mrsha had Goblin-spirit, which was the biggest compliment Rags could give. She would be fine, Rags hoped, and that was all.
Calescent knew Rags’ reasoning, and he was going with his Chieftain. Badarrow had disagreed. He would stay and join Numbtongue. And…Rags glanced sideways.
“Coming?”
The female Hobgoblin sat on the ground, arms and legs crossed. Ulvama didn’t look up. She had bent her head down, and sat there, ever since she’d heard about the Goblins arguing whether to help or go.
“Ulvama.”
The female Hob didn’t respond. She was blasted by Belavierr’s magics; most of her magical paint was gone. She muttered as Rags nudged her with a foot.
“Go away, stupid Chieftain. Always leaving good Goblins behind. Petty Rags, not bringing me along. Stupid name, too. Not real Goblin name.”
Rags raised her brows. So that was how it was. She shrugged.
“That’s right. Stupid Rags, leaves Ulvama behind. See you later…[Shaman].”
The Flooded Water Tribe’s [Shaman] glanced up. Rags looked down at her.
“Badarrow follows later. We fly!”
The Goblins flew, back towards the High Passes and Goblinhome. Leaving those who would head south, after Mrsha behind. As Rags flew, she looked back just once.
If she had any regrets—aside from all the stuff around the attack—it was that she hadn’t found that little man. He might be dead. Or hiding. She had looked quite hard, but he had vanished.
She wondered where he was.
 
—-
 
The Goblins weren’t the only group trying to figure out how to rescue Mrsha.
Selys Shivertail had missed all of it. So had Drassi and Olesm, although his excuse was he’d been fighting an army, so it was a good one.
