8.29
Page 5
Saliss, who bought Chaldion two more years. The Drake closed his eye. Something, he supposed. More than something. He wondered if the decade Saliss had bought was literally the decade he’d used up. He spoke, as much to keep his mind from wandering as anything. And it did wander far too much sometimes…
“Galadz, Esor. Right below Xrn and the other two Centenium. I am convinced there is something there worth more than the Grand Queen and all the other Queens’ plans.”
“A Worker has more effect on the Hives than a Queen?”
Duln murmured politely. Chaldion’s good eye turned towards him and his ruby one flashed.
“…Could one of the Queens make Belavierr retreat, Duln? Could you?”
Could I? The dinner party fell silent. Chaldion coughed again.
“The fact remains. Pawn is without an obvious class that could do that. Yet he uses Skills—also unknown.”
“Prime target for the Eyes to pluck. We don’t need that kind of variable in the Third Incursion War.”
Esor murmured. He glanced at Pawn uneasily. Chaldion made a slashing gesture with his claws.
“Knock some sense into your head—and anyone in the Eyes who thinks that. The instant one of them dies, the Free Antinium are hostile. More importantly? We don’t know what he does or how he got that class. What benefits Pallass in the long run is not another dead Antinium, but knowledge.”
The Garuda ducked his head. Chaldion eyed him, sucked on the cigar, and spat a cloud of shimmering yellow out.
“Stop thinking only in terms of war, Esor. Stop thinking a year in advance. Think of Pallass’ future. That’s why…well. You owe me a lunch at Tails and Scales, Duln. I’ll collect when they reopen, and that’s a silver lining at least.”
Duln nodded. Chaldion saw Esor focus on the scrying orb.
“The Titan of Baleros is at Liscor. Confirmed.”
“He could have been watching…”
Shirka ventured. Chaldion grinned.
“The Titan, watching from afar? I’ll bet he was somewhere unseen.”
“So we’re not reporting him to the Iron Vanguard.”
Duln looked at Chaldion for confirmation. He had no ties to the Dullahan company, but, well, a species was a species, even for a Dullahan born and raised in Pallass, Chaldion supposed. The Grand Strategist shook his head.
“The value is low. I’m entertaining keeping it secret—and calling in the favor of keeping it secret by putting a birdsong in the Forgotten Wing Company’s ear. Perhaps not. We’ll let it ride.”
“And not collect on the favor? That is to say, Grand Strategist, if the favor is not logged even in that small way, how will the Forgotten Wing company know they have one?”
Esor was struggling to keep up; he had just been attached to Shirka’s command, and was still in ‘combat-thinking’. Narrow, immediate…useful, but this kind of political strategy was new to him. Chaldion eyed him, amused.
“Why, because Niers Astoragon will go about his business—whatever it might be—and not have Pallass interfere. He’ll remember it and consider it a debt. A minor one, perhaps.”
“Pallass doesn’t interfere and that’s the debt…?”
Shirka, Duln, and Esor glanced at each other. Chaldion sighed.
“He knows I can tell he’s there. He knows that I know. If he asks for something, that’s different. The Titan’s not worth much to us here, and his company is infinitely preferable as an ally in Baleros. Tell the Eyes not to look for him.”
Look at how they stared at him. Learning, admiring, appraising…Chaldion felt old. It was like he and Niers spoke the same language that Esor was fumbling over. Why would Chaldion hunt Niers down, or make an enemy of the Titan—risky as it was to try to capture him—for little gain?
