8.29
Page 30
The others nodded. Joseph stepped back—and all the agents clustering around the field surged forwards. Fierre herself broke off investigating one of the downed Gnolls who had gone after Mrsha.
“Wistram, Pallass…oh, hey. That’s someone from Roshal. Um…Terandrian?”
She was counting the people vying for Joseph’s attention. The young man backed up.
“Coach Joseph, Coach Joseph! Hear me out! Before you decide on a place—”
“—A home, fine accommodations—”
“You don’t want Pallass! Invrisil is full of your people!”
Most of them had no chance. Even if they were agents hired from abroad to keep tabs on the inn, you weren’t going to get Joseph to sail to Lailight Scintillation. They tried, though. Right up until Bezale blocked them with a [Wall of Stone].
“That’s enough! Joseph, you’re heading to Invrisil with us, right?”
The [Football Coach] nodded dubiously. Instantly, Pallass’ agents protested, but one of them was already hurrying after Troydel, as the young man tried to see if he could get a better offer—with few results.
The fact was that all that attention, the ‘circling vultures’ as Valeterisa, Chaldion, or Fierre might describe them, were various powers realizing the inn’s clients were up for grabs. Imani and Palt had already vanished under an [Invisibility] spell and were heading to Liscor.
Joseph on the other hand? They wanted Joseph. Some of the agents might not have even known the value of an Earther, hence Troydel being ignored.
Joseph was worth a lot no matter what you knew, and it looked like a showdown between Invrisil and Pallass over the [Coach]’s place of residence, for all he was contracted to teach both. Especially because Invrisil had beaten Pallass in their first matchup, much to the horror of the Walled City.
That was sports for you. Chaldion had told his people to get Joseph if possible.
But the real Human that the agents were looking for, saving their best offers for, charm Skills, was Kevin.
Kevin, who made bikes. You could take football or leave it, but bikes, skateboards, and Solar Cycles was transportation and anyone with eyes wanted Kevin. Fierre even saw a delegation from Esthelm—a bunch of [Miners]—fight through the crowd.
“Where’s Kevin? We’re just going to get him—”
“Excuse me, I represent—”
The [Negotiator] from Pallass, and a hired [Contractor] who was representing Khelt both lost to Esthelm. Not because the small city had better [Negotiators], but because they knew how to throw elbows. As Ilvriss’ uncle, Nerul, would have observed, that was why you had an anti-combat Skill—or a [Bodyguard].
They fought through the crowd, although Esthelm would have been mostly happy to let Kevin stay in Invrisil where Hedault was. However, the [Miners], despite their tremendous ability to shove people aside, didn’t get to Kevin first. They did a circle through the crowd, and Fierre looked up from where she was conferring with the hunting group.
This was all a sideshow to Olesm’s discussion with Snapjaw. They had to organize a route, supplies, and a team.
“Listen. If it’s Numbtongue, me, Badarrow, Snapjaw, um, your Wyvern—”
“Icecube.”
Snapjaw patted the Frost Wyvern affectionately. Fierre stared at it.
“…Yes. Well, I’m sure you’re all high-level. But those Gnolls were good. We need more than just four.”
“Badarrow will see. Otherwise…we go. You don’t need to come. Bloodbiters too much work. Scream under sun, scream when cooking with garlic, scream when someone sneezes in silver dust…”
Ulvama poked Fierre in the side and the Vampire girl went white with terror. Olesm just gave Ulvama a blank look.
