8.29
Page 37
“Tracks go past Bloodfields. We go that way. Uh. We marching? You all slow.”
The others looked at each other. The craziness of this dawned on them—well, some of them—at last. Fierre glanced up at Snapjaw.
“You’re going to fly?”
“You want Icecube to walk?”
The Goblin looked offended. Fierre shook her head, trying to explain. She pointed at Liscor’s walls, and the inn, where the army of the City of Inventions was clearly watching their group. One of them was calling back towards another, unseen.
“They’ve marked us. Instantly. We might not get past Pallass alive; we’ll have to walk. They’ll be [Scrying] us everywhere we go. Maybe even sending people to kill us.”
Snapjaw glanced at the Pallassian Drakes. Ulvama just snorted.
“They will try to scry us. I am a [Shaman].”
She poked her chest importantly. Fierre gave her a dubious look, but they had few [Mages] and her artifacts didn’t pertain to a group. Salkis opened her mouth, hesitated, and closed it.
No one said anything. Snapjaw was looking around, ready to give an order. Numbtongue hesitated himself, and Sergeant Gna looked like she wanted to go back, throw the short straw she’d drawn in Embria’s face, and have a drink.
It was the Worker who walked forwards. He turned and faced the group.
“Yes. We will go and live or die. And it is time to go, I think. Follow me.”
Bird raised his voice, and the band of Goblins, Antinium, Humans, Stitch-Person, Drake, Gnoll, and Vampire, all looked at him.
The Antinium was looking ahead. He pointed to Snapjaw.
“You will fly and scout. Ulvama will cover you from scrying. We will all march together, those not riding.”
“Slow.”
Snapjaw objected, gesturing at the Antinium on foot. She didn’t care how long they could march; even Redfangs would fall behind the Brothers and others on horses. Bird shook his head.
“They will not be.”
The Goblin narrowed her eyes. She had served under Reiss, and she was as experienced as any Goblin Chieftain. Heck, she had been one until being subsumed into his army. Rags was one person to take orders from, but this Antinium? She leaned over Icecube’s neck.
“Oh yeah? Prove it.”
Bird tilted his head. He met Snapjaw’s gaze without flinching, and then raised his hand. He spoke.
“[On the March: Vigilance and Speed]!”
Fierre felt the Skill activate. She felt her body grow lighter, and she was suddenly aware of a Drake marking her from the inn.
The others felt it too. Snapjaw’s mouth opened wide, Ulvama started, and Sergeant Gna snapped to attention. They stared at Bird, even the other Prognugators and Antinium. Numbtongue looked at his friend.
“How did you…?”
Bird calmly looked about.
“You silly people. Did you think I did not have Skills? I learned chess from Erin. I beat Erin. I am Bird the Hunter. As Ksmvr would say—”
His mandibles paused. He opened and closed them. He tilted his head and waved his antennae.
“…I have no idea. I do not like Ksmvr. Here is what I will say: I am better than all of you. Follow my orders! Authority!”
They began to march. Fast, faster than anyone expected. Ulvama began casting magic as she rode, and Bird strode ahead of the Antinium, ignoring Pivr’s panicked questions.
Someone was laughing as they headed south, this war band of insanity. Insanity—bravery—it called to him.
Niers Astoragon had wondered if Bird could sell his Skills well. It turned out the Antinium was a natural. The Titan propped himself up, from the hiding place on Bird’s body.
He had been found. Not by Rags, or anyone else. Not the Eyes of Pallass, but by the Antinium, who’d stopped, following Apista.
 
—-
 
