8.29
Page 29
Joseph Ortega watched Olesm argue with Fierre, Snapjaw, and Numbtongue. Well…Numbtongue just sat there. He had drying blood on his armor. He had cut down countless numbers of the monsters and soldiers in the hallway.
Joseph wondered what level he was. The [Bard] looked bleak, though. Yet he wasn’t a statue in the garden; he was going with the others.
To find Mrsha. Joseph on the other hand was aware of how Montressa and Bezale were fending off the others trying to get to him. The [Mage] was arguing, red-eyed and bleary with a Pallassian [Negotiator]. She was winning—mainly because the fumes of alcohol were half-choking the Drake.
“So—are you going with them? I’m…thinking about it, you know? Otherwise, we’re like, going with one of them, aren’t we?”
Joseph turned. Troydel walked over, hands in his pockets. Joseph, who had stabbed someone with a spear for the first time today, stared at the other Earther.
“Where the fuck have you been?”
“Pallass.”
The young man avoided Joseph’s look. He spoke, a bit too rapidly.
“Sorry I missed it. I mean—not sorry. This is all crazy. Did you hear? Everyone’s leaving the inn. They want me to go to Pallass. Where…where’re you going? Unless you’re joining the hunt?”
Joseph opened and closed his mouth. Troy stared at Numbtongue and the Wyvern.
“They’re going to jump on that thing and fly off? Like the Goblins? I didn’t even get to speak to the Goblins!”
He meant Rags and the others, especially the amazingly-cool wolf-riding Goblin with the twin swords. That was the kind of thing Troy and Leon had wanted to see. Joseph? He just stared at Troy.
“You want to go with them?”
“Why not? Hey, if you don’t want to go to Pallass, we can fight it! They can’t drag us off!”
Troydel made a fist and threw a jab, which told everyone who saw it, ‘watch out, this kid doesn’t know how to fight’. Joseph just looked at his hands.
He knew that he wasn’t a fighter when he tried to be an adventurer. Today had just confirmed it. Kicking footballs around was a lot more fun than holding a bloody spear as someone slashed at you with a sword.
“Are you really going to go with them after Mrsha?”
Troydel lowered his hands. He looked at Joseph, at the blood and corpses. He blanched at the sight of an adventurer disemboweling one of the dead monsters and comparing the organ with a sketch.
“No. I’m not. And I’m not staying here. I mean…look.”
He stared at the inn. Joseph saw the holes in the roof, the battlefield…Troy shook his head.
“We were safer with Magnolia.”
“We didn’t do anything.”
“Yeah. But we were safer. Right up until the [Assassin] attack, I guess. Well. Erin helped us and I’ve got my thing…”
Joseph eyed him, but Troy didn’t elaborate. The young man turned to Joseph.
“…But Galina was right when she went with the Players. Here isn’t where I want to be. I’m going to Pallass. You coming with?”
The [Football Coach] debated using [Power Kick] to boot Troy into a pile of corpses, but the fact was, he agreed with Troy. He shrugged.
“I’m going somewhere. Maybe Invrisil?”
He rose to say goodbye to Numbtongue and the others. To wish them well. None of them seemed surprised as the young man from Spain hung his head.
“I’d like to come with, but…I’m not a fighter.”
“No.”
Numbtongue raised his head. He looked at Joseph and said it clearly. But he did rise and offer Joseph something.
It was a hand. Joseph shook it. The [Bard] stood, looking exhausted, bloody, but he did meet Joseph’s eyes.
“Go. We will come back. With Mrsha.”
“If there’s anything I can do…money? I have money. I can help Selys. Just say it.”
