8.29
Page 26
Nothing had ever gotten in. Not even Belavierr. Only…the thing that he had never seen, and he had no proof it had ever existed after the statues had gone back to normal. Yet even it had never touched Erin.
His head bowed. Yet if Erin came back this moment, and he saw her wake up, what would he tell her about Mrsha?
They were all going. That was why the inn was truly broken. You could rebuild it a hundred times. It was just wood and stone and copper nails, for goodness’ sake. But if there was no one in it…
The [Soulbard] flexed his hand. Did he have the strength to bring Mrsha back? He had failed to harm Belavierr. And this—Wanderer—had her.
He didn’t know. The cruel irony was, though, that he was more qualified to protect Mrsha now than he had been yesterday.
He had leveled up. The [Soulbard] felt the new Skill burning in his claws, ready to be used.
 
[Goblin Soulbard Level 35!]
[Song – The Brave Fall First obtained!]
 
A song for men with hats. His first true song of war. Paid for in blood and loss. Numbtongue embraced the Skill and new level. It was a [Bard]’s duty to remember Crimshaw’s name.
He would use it to bring Mrsha back.
The Goblin had leveled. Numbtongue was not the only one. Everyone who had survived the battle, practically everyone had leveled.
Mrsha, being carried away by Wanderer, Wanderer himself, Rags, all the [Mages]—it was easier to name who didn’t level.
Like Niers. And…Niers.
And Belavierr.
 
—-
 
Not everyone got Skills, it was true, but everyone leveled. Sometimes multiple times. It depended on what they had done. For those who had flung themselves at Belavierr—they had leveled almost by surviving, not doing damage.
Xrn had done damage. The Centenium was in no mood to appreciate her levels, however. Her arm was gone, and Facestealer had stolen it. The Free Queen looked down at the Centenium.
“There is no way to recreate your arm, Xrn. Even in Rhir—it would have been a task.”
“I know.”
The ‘voice’ wasn’t Xrn’s actual voice; her neck had been torn half-off. So it was a thought translated to speech via magic. She was unable to even move; suspended in a converted Birther sac to heal as best she could.
She was incapacitated, she knew. If she could make use of the new Skill and level—it would not be now.
 
—-
 
By contrast, Pawn was similarly incapacitated. However, he would live as indicated. And while he hadn’t gotten a miracle to cure poison…sadly…he had leveled the most of any one person on that battlefield.
For turning away the Witch of Webs, for defeating her with faith alone, the [Doomspeaker Priest] lay in his bed and heard the voice.
 
[Conditions Met: Doomspeaker Priest → Priest of Wrath and Sky Class!]
[Priest of Wrath and Sky Level 30!]
 
An odd class. He felt it should be unique, but it wasn’t. Yet what was…and what confirmed he had been redeemed came after.
 
[Miracle – Summon Workers (Holy) obtained!]
 
Somehow, still the same. Somehow, it still fit no matter that Workers had not come before. Yet Pawn did hear something. Like blood pooling in his mind, it came to him. He did not want it, but it was in him.
Great power to protect.
The wrath to doom a city.
 
[Miracle – Bane of Luck obtained.]
 
A Skill to take something away. To hurt. Pawn waited. Yet for his new class, and his battle with one of the things that would never walk in his Heaven while he existed—he was given three Skills.
The last was simply like a sigh. Like fresh air. The green of spring. Of reawakening.
Something new.
 
[Skill – I Walked Under Heaven’s Sky obtained!]
 
