8.29
Page 21
The red lightning had done more than just strike her. The Wind Runner couldn’t move. To Jericha’s understanding of magic, it was an advanced curse mixed with lightning.
“I have to go to Liscor.”
“You won’t fly. I will inform Lord Veltras at once, Miss Ryoka. However, you are in no condition to move.”
Ryoka panted up at Jericha. The woman had the Wind Runner confined to her bed. Sammial hovered there with Hethon. Ryoka was muttering.
“Belavierr. Belavierr. Ivolethe will freeze you! Stay away from Mrsha. I invoke your name Belavierr! I’ll summon the Faerie King on your head! Oberon!”
She was raving, plagued by the curse as well as the news from Liscor. Hethon felt his skin prickling, and not just from the tone of Ryoka’s voice.
“Who’s Mrsha? What happened?”
Sammial earned a smack on the arm. He’d told Ryoka about the attack when Jericha and Ullim had both said ‘let’s tell your father first’. Ryoka’s eyes opened wide.
“She’s—I’m supposed to protect her. She’s just a kid. Sammial, Hethon. Are you there? I can barely see—”
Her head oozed a bit of that red liquid. Sammial anxiously looked for the [Healer], who had gone to get more healing potion. Hethon offered Ryoka some of the approved stamina-restorative. She gulped.
“We’re here, Miss Ryoka. Can we—do you need something?”
“Yes. Tell Jericha—get a [Mage]. Send something to Laken Godart. Riverfarm. Tell them about Belavierr. Tell them to find Mrsha.”
Ryoka’s eyes rolled. Hethon nodded and hurried off. Sammial stayed there.
“What is Belavierr?”
“A coward. Do you hear me, Belavierr? I’ll call on Teriarch! I’ll—”
Ryoka gagged on something, choked. She spluttered, and then rasped. If her threats were doing anything—choking on phlegm didn’t seem like a Belavierr move. Being strangled by your pillow? Yes. It might have been that she was too far—or that her threats were so pitiful that Belavierr just ignored them.
“Wiskeria. That’s it.”
Her eyes opened wide. Ryoka jerked up. Sammial screamed.
It had been four minutes and she’d passed out, then she’d screamed the name. She fixed him with a desperate look.
“Sammial, where’s Hethon?”
“Going to find Jericha.”
“Well, go find him. Tell them I want to talk to Wiskeria.”
“Um. Okay?”
The two boys found the woman and listened as Jericha bent over Ryoka. The young woman was rasping up to the [Mage], and all three of them found themselves listening. Ryoka’s condition was terrible, and Tyrion had put off his romantic pursuits to investigate another curse on someone close to him. He was actually coming back from First Landing, where he’d been petitioning House Terland for aid.
Yet as terribly as she was suffering, she was dropping names and secrets she normally kept guarded.
“Tell Laken he owes me. Mrsha—tell him I’m calling in—Wiskeria. Her mother did this. Call her off.”
“Call the Witch of Webs off?”
Jericha’s skin prickled. Ryoka was muttering.
“Her daughter. Tell Wiskeria to contact Belavierr and have her forswear…I know she can. Somehow. Tell them.”
“I am. I’m…”
Jericha was [Messaging] Riverfarm live. She spoke.
“Laken to Ryoka. We are now aware of the situation. Wiskeria has sworn to petition Belavierr regarding Mrsha. We will attempt to divine Mrsha’s location. What is her last name?”
“Stone Spears. Mrsha of the Stone Spears tribe? No, wait…Mrsha du Marquin?”
Ryoka didn’t even seem to be aware of how hard Jericha was locked onto her. Sammial and Hethon exchanged glances. They wanted to know about Ryoka too, but they were sort of on the Wind Runner’s side.
“How can a Gnoll have two names, Miss Ryoka?”
