8.29
Page 14
Grand Magus Eldavin wanted an Archmage’s power behind him. Valeterisa didn’t need to be here to grant him that. If he continued to provide her with new magical theorems approximately every week and a half, her involvement here corresponded mostly to Wistram politic gains, information on Earth, and personal relationships.
Not magic. Valeterisa was reasonably sure the Terras faction would double or triple in value, so now she walked away from Eldavin’s quarters, routing a [Memo] spell at Viltach with the details about the inn.
She decided she would consider leaving the academy. Because she was…disappointed?
Disillusioned?
All information sourced from Wistram regarding Earth could be analyzed in any location. Spells, likewise. Valeterisa’s actual body could be put to use in more advantageous locations than here.
Especially since Eldavin had confessed he’d given her a sabotaged long-range teleport spell and helped her realize the true spell behind his tricky, flawed version.
Valeterisa stopped in the banquet hall. She looked around as [Mages] and students gazed at her.
 
[Information request // urgent, priority // anything I am forgetting?] – What did Valeterisa have to do in Wistram?
 
Short-term goals: Look into Troy Atlas’ golem. Research possible wind-magic regarding Ryoka Griffin.
Long-term goals: Learn magic from Eldavin. Acquire more funding and support for magical research. Continue researching Earth technology with links to magic.
 
Well, she’d crossed out a lot of things from that list. Valeterisa appended one more item to that list as she felt one of her thoughts ping her.
 
Eat food.
 
The Archmage of Izril was nothing if not direct. She reached out, and snatched the nearest object from a Golem walking towards the buffet line. She stared at a pizza slice.
“Possibly nutritious.”
She scarfed it down. Students watched in a kind of awe, and even Telim, the famous snatcher of entire turkeys and dishes, looked a bit impressed or appalled as Valeterisa gobbled down ‘sufficient nutrition’ with her bare hands. From the buffet table. Without a plate.
Then she grabbed the most convenient-looking foods, dumped them into her bag of holding so she wouldn’t have to do this later, and walked off.
Sa’la, the Selphid [Mage], leaned over to Telim.
“And here I thought you were bold. Think we should tell her about the Earther idea—that drink that contains all you need to eat in a day?”
Telim harrumphed.
“She might be blatant, but she’s no Archmage of Food. As for that drink—bah! I’ll see it dead before anyone produces it here. Takes all the joy out of life! It offends me to my core. So as I was saying, Sa’la—consider joining the Terras faction. I know, you’re independent and you’ve heard it all before, but here’s my rebuttal. Eldavin…”
Valeterisa walked off. She had made up her mind, and when she did…she acted. Many people wasted time with overthinking things. Valeterisa overthought everything, but she seldom wasted actual time on actions that could be simplified.
For instance—she rattled the doorknob as she came to a halt at her next destination. The door was locked. Valeterisa stopped stuffing the books she’d pulled out of the library into her bag of holding; all the books she hadn’t had copies of, that was. She pointed at the door.
“[Unlock].”
It unlocked. The Archmage walked in. She saw Troy Atlas and…someone she didn’t care about whirl.
 
—-
 
Trey Atwood had just been conferring with Calac Crusland about Amerys. The situation in Chandrar was looking bad, but they weren’t able to find her—yet!
