8.29
Page 25
Sure, every window had been smashed in by monsters and [Soldiers] coming in. Okay, the top floor and roof were shredded by the arrow barrage, but the hallway was only filled with gore. The walls were intact. That was something! The…uh…blood would come off.
It was the fact that this was the eighth time or something that did it. The fact that Belavierr had gone into the garden. She hadn’t succeeded, but…she had gone in, in a sense.
Fierre saw the Earthers, the guests, milling about. Some had been on the way out, like Hexel. He was going to stay with Elirr, for purely business reasons since the Councilmember was kind enough to offer his shop to the [Architect].
Montressa and Bezale were both going to Invrisil. And they were taking Joseph with them. Already, the vultures were circling.
The vultures. A Pallassian official tried to cozy up to Joseph in the hubbub.
“Excuse me, Coach Joseph, we have your home ready as agre—”
She was practically kicked out of the way by a [Mage] who’d hurried through from Invrisil. She was checked by Bezale’s arm, but the Pallassian [Negotiator] wasn’t going to be stopped that easily. She strode forwards, and a whistling [Maid] swept her legs.
Fierre counted Wistram, Reinhart, Pallass, and that was just the groups with multiple agents on the ground. They were all trying to tug the Earthers this way, or that.
Why? Why now? Because…this was the first attack after Erin had died. Somehow, many had assumed they’d stop now that the [Innkeeper] was dead.
They had not. And some of the Brothers were dead. An army had broken on the inn, and they had been pushed back, yes. But the thought remained.
Who would be next? Imani and Palt were arguing.
“I’m not moving to Pallass. I could—work at Tails and Scales, if Rufelt and Lasica need a hand. Timbor’s promised us rooms, Palt.”
“He has steps. What about Invrisil?”
“I want to stay in Liscor. I told Erin I’d cook for her. I’m…I’m not going far.”
The two would leave the inn, though. Simply because Pallass’ [Soldiers] might have promised to help secure it, but that meant the Brothers were gone. Maybe they’d be next when Belavierr came back for round two with Facestealer and…and the Greater Frost Wyvern and two Adult Creler groupies just to fill out the set.
Perhaps they would have all stayed. If the inn were going to still have the regulars.
But they were leaving too. Not just Rags, who was standing apart with her Wyverns, far back from the Drakes casually eying her tribe, not just the [Mages].
Everyone.
Mrsha was gone. Rags stood, talking with those who would go after. Numbtongue was sitting down, broken twice by her loss. Empty-eyed—until someone grabbed his shoulder.
“Get up.”
He looked into crimson eyes. Badarrow hauled Numbtongue up.
“Stop sitting around. Why are you sitting? We—going after.”
He struck Numbtongue’s shoulder, then his chest, and pointed to the south. It was the most talkative Badarrow had ever really been. Numbtongue half-shook his head. He pointed at the inn.
“I have to stay. Erin…”
“Erin is ice.”
Numbtongue whirled. The [Bard] nearly struck Badarrow, but the [Sniper] caught the blow. The other Redfang snapped.
“Little Mrsha gone! You leave? Nothing gets in garden. Not even that—thing.”
He gestured, making a triangle over his head, the closest he could come in Goblin sign to ‘witch’. Numbtongue wavered, but Badarrow looked at him.
“You leave her?”
Mrsha? Mrsha, who loved Numbtongue, and called him a big brother even when they fought? The [Bard] looked at the garden.
