8.29
Page 31
“I don’t know what that means, but I’ll see what I can do.”
He walked off and Fierre stared at Ulvama. The [Shaman] just gave her a self-satisfied look.
“What? I wrong?”
“I—I—”
Before Fierre could shout or scream or run away, someone walked over.
“Excuse me, Sirs, Misses…heard you were heading after the young girl. Mrsha, as it were. Mind if we tag along?”
The group looked up. And there were two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. Numbtongue’s eyes widened.
“You lived.”
Normen, the younger Brother, tipped his hat. He had a nasty scar down one cheek; a product of an enchanted blade. The other Brother had come from Liscor, having been arrested during the altercation with Wanderer. Those two alone had come over; the other Brothers had left.
“You want to come with?”
Snapjaw glanced at them, surprised. She had seen the dead hat-men. Normen and the older Brother tipped their hats.
“If we could be of use, Miss. The little Gnoll’s gone, and we were supposed to look after her. Doesn’t feel right, leaving her.”
Numbtongue looked at Normen and thought of Crimshaw and the others. The [Bard] spoke, slowly.
“You do not have to. All debts…you paid them.”
The younger Brother nodded. He reached for his side and produced something.
Crimshaw’s dagger. He’d collected it from his mentor. The one thing he would keep. Normen flicked it up, caught it. Then looked at Numbtongue.
“So you say, sir, and it’s appreciated. I just feel that Crimshaw would be going. Since he’s resting, I’ll come. If you need me.”
He held out his gloved hand. Numbtongue looked at it. Then he slowly took it. Fierre watched, eyes flicking to Ulvama.
The expedition grew. In the background, the susurration and arguments had grown quiet. The Vampire girl looked over, and someone raised their voice.
“Hey. Hold on. Stop elbowing me! Just—truce, alright?”
The factions ceased fighting, Montressa and Bezale with Joseph behind a barrier, Troydel shielded by Pallass’ [Soldiers]. The others looked around. One of the battered [Negotiators] stared about.
“Where is Kevin?”
The others looked, but they began to realize—in all the confusion, the person they were fighting over was…missing.
Kevin was gone.
 
—-
 
Below the city of Liscor, the Antinium were making plans of their own. The Painted Antinium gathered around Pawn, who lay, convalescing, but turned as a new Antinium walked their halls.
Bird stopped in front of Pawn. He looked down.
“You cannot travel, Pawn.”
“That…is probably true, Bird. Are you going? You?”
The [Bird Hunter] looked at Pawn.
“Of course. I am here to see who else will come. I know I am banned, but Klbkch is not here. So I poo on him.”
Belgrade hesitated. The [Tactician] tapped Bird on the shoulder as the others drew around.
“You mean, you poo-poo him.”
“Possibly I would do both if he were here.”
 
—-
 
In Goblinhome, as soon as she returned, Rags called the Goblins of her tribe to her as Badarrow stood before them. The [Sniper] leaned on his bow as Rags explained to the Goblins an abbreviated version of what had happened.
Most knew already, the Goblin social network being infinitely faster than most modes of communication. What they were curious about was…why their Chieftain had summoned them.
Also, who that was. Rags noticed the stares and turned her head. She jumped.
“What are you doing here?”
Kevin stared around. The [Engineer] scratched at his head.
“I uh…wanted to meet the Goblins that Erin was always talking about. He said it was okay. We’re all splitting up anyways, so…”
