8.30
Page 46
You can’t stop spells. You can’t detect magic. Adetr bared his teeth. He swung his axe, watched the Human’s head vanish. The other ones in the squad jerked, lifted their weapons, aimed at him. They fired. Adetr lifted the object in his other hand. He heard a tremendous sound of ringing, that tore at his ears. Yet when he lowered the shield, he saw they were dead. He checked the metal, and it was unblemished. The projectile had bounced.
“You can’t break artifacts.”
He laughed. Then saw the giant metal turret turn. Adetr dove, shield raised—
 
—-
 
His body couldn’t survive the impact, but he was almost positive the shield had survived—just lodged halfway through his spine.
Still, it was proof he needed to take lessons from Az’muzarre. Adetr tore through the Steelfur’s armory. The Steelfur warriors watched him with significant concern as he ‘went for a walk’ wearing armor, enchanted metal, the highest-grade he could find. Adetr was famous for relying only on his body’s toughness.
 
—-
 
Fourteen.
Adetr threw up. His body was ringing.
“Damn…armor…”
It didn’t break, but his body still rang with each impact. The giant vehicles tossed him around. He was almost there, though. Blind them. Something would come from the skies, but it detonated on a mage-barrier. If they used clouds to hide their location—they won! He could now save sixty-percent of the Steelfur—
 
—-
 
Adetr woke up. Something had hit him in the eye, past the visor of his helmet. A Human [Marksman]? He shook his head.
“One more time. Thirty eight minutes.”
He stared at the Human, determined to win.
 
—-
 
Rose felt like someone had been staring at her all day and yesterday. She eventually went up to Beilmark and whispered in her ear.
“Beilmark, who’s that Gnoll in armor who just stormed off?”
Beilmark had seen him too, especially after he’d begun showing up in armor. She frowned.
“Adetr Steelfur. A great Gnollish warrior, so I’m told. Young. Why?”
“Did…did you think he was staring at me?”
Beilmark hesitated.
“Perhaps, but I cannot imagine why. Did you offend him?”
“What? Me? No, I haven’t even spoken to him!”
“Hrm. That is odd.”
 
—-
 
Fifteen. 
Adetr stood on the battlefield, howling victory. Less than a hundred Steelfur Gnolls lay dead. The Humans?
There was a way to beat their strange weapons. Blind them, paralyze. Adetr had survived a round from that—thing that spat metal, then torn it open. Ambush them! Defeat them!
Even whatever was in the skies had gone down to a [Shaman]’s hex. It hit the earth and exploded. He roared his triumph, and raced across the ground, leaving the Steelfur tribe to celebrate. The clone of Iraz lifted a paw in victory.
Adetr was racing towards the downed craft—what remained of it. He wanted to know how those vehicles worked. They didn’t look like Golem-devices, or even magical craft! The [Shaman] with no real face had shook her head when he demanded to know if it was magic.
Still, Adetr laughed. Victory! Victory! He wondered if he’d level. He knew this was a battle in a box, but if he went up against this army just so, his tribe would win.
Adetr slowed…even in the simulation and looked back. All of Steelfur. The entire tribe. His battle-rage, his frustration left him suddenly. He felt…a chill.
All of Steelfur beat this force of two hundred Humans after fifteen tries in which we all died. True, once they found out the weaknesses, they won with a strange reversal of strengths, but…
Chieftain Iraz has to know. But what is this army? Where is this?
