8.30
Page 4
He ran over, ahead of other Gnolls to secure a spot. By now it was a competition. He’d found a patch of plants with fat fruits. Merish glanced at him, then his eyes narrowed and he snapped.
“Herthee! Ikl don’t touch that.”
Some other Gnolls looked around. A male Gnoll blinked.
“Herthee? Grab it!”
The Gnoll boy froze, one paw raised. He looked from the Gnoll to Merish, confused. So did the other Gnolls picking the herbs.
Viri eyed the plant, hopping over.
“What’s Herthee and why are we grabbing and not grabbing it?”
Merish trotted over to confirm he was right. He squatted down and eyed the bush-like growth.
The long, almost stalk-like plant of Herthee was strange. It was bright yellow turning to a healthy greenish white at the roots, with fat, appealing seeds that could be larger than your fist. Fleshy, a tangy yellow that when split open, looked almost like the inside of golden flatbread, but puffy and chewy. They hung from the stalks on miniature branches, inviting anything to just come over and eat it.
“It is Herthee! You should grab it, friend.”
The other Gnoll came over. He didn’t have markings, but he had a triangular cap on. He gave Merish a friendly nod, which the Gnoll returned. Sveha looked at Merish.
“Why don’t you want it, Uncle? Does it taste bad?”
Merish shook his head. It was a vegetable, and the looks didn’t actually deceive. Herthee tasted as good as it looked. The trouble was that it was also deadly.
“No…but it has side effects.”
The [Shamanic Warrior] glanced at the other Gnoll. The hat-wearing Herthee supporter shrugged.
“It’s not that bad.”
Merish begged to differ. If you ate the Herthee seeds, you experienced the secret poison in the plant, which allowed it to ‘harvest’ the corpses of those who thought they’d found an easy meal.
Your tongue swelled up and you choked to death. A horrible way to go. Death by suffocation, rightly giving the plant its dreaded reputation among small, foraging animals.
…Gnoll-sized people were by and large resistant to Herthee’s effects. You’d get a fat tongue and be in danger if you really gulped them down, but they were mostly annoying.
Even so, no one wanted a swollen, slightly irritated tongue for the next two hours, so Herthee had a dubious place in the culinary world. If you had anti-allergen Skills or knew how to neutralize the effects—or were just desperate or hungry—it was for you.
“Ikl, you’ll puff up if you bite it. I once had a tongue so big I had to breathe through my nose and keep my mouth open because it wouldn’t fit. For six hours straight.”
His [Shaman] had laughed so hard she’d nearly passed out. The others snorted and Viri almost fell over, laughing. Ikl backed away, but the hat-wearing Gnoll encouraged Merish.
“Any good [Cook] can deal with it. I’d gather it, friends—but my basket is full.”
He indicated his basket, which was full of the damned Herthee. Merish bared his teeth.
“We will, then. Good idea, friend. We’ll…add it to the gathered produce if our camp doesn’t want them.”
The Gnoll smiled as Merish and Ikl plucked the seed. He waved and headed back to wherever his tribe was. When he was out of eye and earshot, Merish dumped all of the Herthee into Ikl’s basket and turned to the boy.
“Ikl, take all of them and toss them in the nearest fire.”
The Gnoll boy nodded and ran off. Merish sighed.
“Let’s go back to Khaze.”
They found only one more plant on the way back, another plant more endemic to Izril than the rare saffron. This time, Merish brightened up because unlike Herthee, he actually liked this plant.
