8.30
Page 38
It was a magnificent device. Inkar admired it more now that she was away from Earth’s industry. Smooth, Plexiglas screen. Beautiful details. A camera with such accuracy that Tkrn had insisted on taking pictures of everything and marveling at how he could ‘save’ what his eyes had seen.
…A shame there was no internet, and many apps were functionally useless. A shame Inkar didn’t have many movies or bits of data that were useful. Rose had wanted to bring a computer to ‘load’ movies and other things onto Inkar’s phone, but she’d given up when she heard it was an iPhone. Kevin had a Windows.
None of that made any sense to Tkrn, of course. This was just magic. Fun magic! Accessible magic, despite the touchscreen not liking his paws.
“Ooh, what’s that? What’s that? Press that app.”
Tkrn was already learning the lingo, unlike Krshia. Inkar laughed, lying next to him on cushions. They were very close.
“It’s ‘Podcasts’. Um…stories people read out, or conversations.”
“Let’s listen to one!”
“I don’t have any.”
“Oh.”
Inkar patted Tkrn on the shoulder. The [Worldly Traveller] smiled and pointed.
“Don’t worry. Look, I have all these little games.”
All the game-apps she’d installed to pass the time on train rides and so on were on the iPhone. Here was the curious thing that was important and useless: Krshia’s Skill had changed the software of her iPhone too.
Somehow, all the free apps she’d downloaded now thought she had paid for the full versions. Inkar did not like wasting money on such things, so it was a pleasant discovery, especially because no one would ever buy apps on this iPhone again—unless she went back to Earth.
“Let’s play that one! That game! What’s that game?”
“Um…tossing birds at buildings.”
“What? That’s hilarious. Let’s play. Why is that a game? Wait—never mind. I answered my own question.”
Inkar giggled. She had set the iPhone to ‘English’ instead of her native language since everyone apparently spoke and read it to some degree or another. No Kazakhstan peoples…just her.
It made her lonely, but she had good friends. A tribe who protected her. Deskie, Eska…and now Tkrn and Rose. Rose was interesting, a bit excitable—different.
Tkrn? She trusted Tkrn.
The two were playing as Tkrn let Inkar show him how to play, then tried it himself. It was so addictive, so fun. Inkar had played it many times—the free version, of course—but she found the lure of the electronic device was magnified for its uniqueness.
And it was just a fun game. They bent over the iPhone, arguing about placement. They played for minutes…then an hour…going through levels.
The problem was, Tkrn was bad at the game. He didn’t know how to use the touchscreen, and the paw-pads of Gnolls weren’t what this highly-sensitive touchscreen was customized for.
Inkar helped him out, more patient and amused by Tkrn than the game itself. He was a bit frustrated as he tried to get the best score on a level.
“Stop tossing it so high! You want to crash everything and hit that piggy, see? Poor piggy.”
Inkar heard Tkrn growl, annoyed.
“Is this special bird better? I hate that piggy. I want to cook and eat him. Ooh. That’s cool.”
“Ooh.”
Inkar grinned—but her smile turned curious after a second. Had she just heard…two oohs? Her hearing was enhanced by her Skill, but even so, it had been the softest sound.
She frowned, but Tkrn was struggling on the next level. He had spotted a way to win the entire level in one go, but predictably, it was a perfect shot, and he hadn’t figured out the geometry of the arc.
“Maybe here? No. Damn. Let me restart…here? No? No…”
