8.30
Page 19
As for Yelroan? He stood there, humming. Apart in his garb, in his class. Yet…here. Part of the Plain’s Eye Tribe. He had turned down better offers for better pay, perhaps more respect and power. Because this was home. A family.
Plains Gnolls all. Merish stood there, as the last of his Chieftain’s gift faded. For an hour, though, as they sang, for this night—someone else let him push aside dark memories. He sang with his people.
Then he slept, going back to his tent with the others after the bonfire had burned low, to embers. Merish only wished…they could be good dreams for once. Or oblivion. That would be a fitting end to it.
He had nightmares. For dreams of Rhir were not kind to him. Merish dreamed of Demons and light in the sky.
When he woke, it was to screams. To howls of horror. To nightmares in waking. He emerged from his tent, axe in hand, as Viri leapt out, watchful, and Khaze cried out to him in fear.
He almost laughed. Merish almost thanked them, even as his teeth bared and his fur stood on end. He was almost grateful, because it proved he was right.
I am not crazy. I’m not going mad. No—at least some of the madness is right. There are nightmares, even back home.
It was almost a relief. Merish heard the word on the wind. Horror had arrived. It had a name.
“Raskghar.”
 
—-
 
The army from Pallass brought them.
Raskghar. Not all of them. A mere dozen. Chained, in cages, to show the Meeting of Tribes.
Nevertheless, the effect they had on the Gnolls was extreme.
Raskghar! Nightmares of old! Ancient enemies! The names whispered to frighten children. Predators of the dark.
The Feasting Betrayers. Darkstalkers. The Gnolls Who Abandoned Sun.
Raskghar.
A great howl went up among the Meeting of Tribes, from everyone who saw it. Other Gnolls picked it up, hearing the fear in the air. The army from Pallass halted, warily stopping as thousands of Gnolls joined the sentries surrounding them.
It was a…gift. A gift from the Assembly of Crafts, from High Command and Chaldion. See your enemy. Know they remain.
The first ranks of warriors parted as a scream shook the air. They looked up and scattered as a bird larger than any Wyvern, massive, furious, landed. Gnolls leapt from the Roc’s back as one of the greatest predators of the sky shed members of the famous tribe.
Az’muzarre. They howled, and one of them, the Roc’s rider, lifted a sword.
“Fear not, Gnolls of Izril! We will let not one of these monsters claim one of our kind!”
The [Relicbearer] hefted the sword of Dragonbone. The Drakes standing in neat formations eyed the sword made of their Ancestor’s bones uneasily. Then they saw more of the small, deadly tribe appear.
Here stood the power of the Great Plains. Az’muzarre stood together, forming a line a hundred Gnolls wide, confronting the Raskghar.
The caged monsters stared at the Gnolls, warily, but without fear. They sniffed the air, eying the Az’muzarre tribe. Wary of the Roc pecking at the soil. They had never dreamed the world was this vast on the surface. Even so…what they saw were Gnolls.
Prey.
Merish was part of the crowd who had gathered to see the Raskghar. He saw them—like him, but different. Bigger, hunched. Bestial, ancestors who had gone down a different path than Gnolls.
That was not what chilled him. It was the innate sense, the revulsion in his very bones. Something in Merish told him they were enemies.
