8.30
Page 47
Adetr didn’t know. He looked about. The sky was wrong. The…mountains…were wrong. Even the ground looked different. It smelled so strange. He looked up.
“Even the sky. They were different stars. One moon? Where am I?”
Then…he blinked. He thought he saw something.
Wait a second. High, up there. So far only his keen eyes could even make out something. A flicker past the clouds. Was there a second craft?
Of course! If he hadn’t ended the Skill—Adetr pointed up.
“[Shamans]! Barriers!”
They broke off celebration, cast as Adetr looked up. He saw something drop out of the skies. Adetr braced, grimly raising his shield as he knew he would not reach his tribe before it fell. Which was it this time? The rain of explosions? The curving thing?
It was just one object. It dropped down, a bit off-target of his tribe. Adetr saw it break. He saw a flash and saw—
[Greatest Battle]. Adetr died. But he saw enough when he died. When he opened his eyes in the real world?
He was no longer smiling.
 
—-
 
Rose watched as the Gnoll jerked. He had stared at her, seemed to whisper something and…
“You’re right. He is staring at you.”
Beilmark sipped from her cup. They both watched as Adetr looked around. He had been smiling—then it drained away.
“Do you think he likes me?”
Rose tossed her hair in a show. Beilmark chortled.
“That would be funny. Almost as funny as that Gnoll—Gireulashia—learning the truth, eh? One problem at a time.”
“Mhm. Where’re Inkar and Tkrn?”
“Talking with her.”
Rose was a bit envious. Ekhtouch’s outrage over being accused as [Thieves] aside, and the ramifications of their tribe knowing, Gire was full of questions and in awe of Inkar. That was nice. Maybe—
She saw Adetr stride forwards, snarling, and blinked. Beilmark sat up a bit.
“Hold on. That’s diff—”
“You!”
Adetr roared. Silverfangs turned, and the Steelfur Gnolls who had been told to watch over him. They dropped what they were doing and bounded forwards.
“Uh—”
Rose froze. The Gnoll’s face was twisted in sudden fury. He stormed towards their camp.
“What is it? Where are you from? What weapon—”
“Adetr! Stop!”
Steelfur Gnolls grabbed his arms and shoulders, trying to slow him. He pulled eight behind him in his fury. Beilmark put out an arm.
“Rose, back in the camp. Rose?”
The young Human woman was frozen. Adetr roared.
“Everything was gone! What was it? Who are you? What weapon destroys mountain and land like that?”
“Weapon?”
He stormed towards her, picking up speed. Adetr reached for Rose, to tear the secrets out of her. If that army came here—he had seen it, before whatever it was reached him. It could destroy the Meeting of Tribes. It would change the landscape. Had they more? It was a skirmish. It could destroy the High Passes.
“Tell me.”
“I—I—”
Rose was trying to back up, but she was terrified by the Gnoll’s sudden, battle-raging fury. Adetr had lost himself, blending the Skill and reality. He lunged.
 
—-
 
Chieftain Iraz ran out of his tribe, to stop his nephew before an incident occurred. He did not know what Adetr had seen, but his warriors had come howling Adetr had lost his mind.
He skidded to a stop, having raced through lines of bewildered Gnolls. Five minutes too late, no matter how fast he’d run. He saw a commotion, pushed his way, breathless, through Gnolls gathered around…
Rose. She lay on the ground, face white. Pale. Unmoving.
…Not dead. She had fallen on her butt in terror. In front of her, paw still outstretched, lay Adetr. He had fallen while reaching for her. His face was a rictus of fury, but he was pinned by countless Gnolls.
