8.30
Page 15
It didn’t get him much respect. As his lack of apprentices each year indicated. Yelroan was in the central camp, but he wasn’t ‘Honored Yelroan’. He was an outsider among his people for his odd, City Gnoll ways.
Even though Merish had never met a City Gnoll who could calculate half as fast as Yelroan. He quite liked his friend, who had a penchant for showing off and touting math’s many virtues.
Yelroan could also do more…interesting things. Even as a child, he’d shown Merish interesting tricks.
“I still remember when you calculated how many ants were in that ant hive based on…something something with squares.”
“Averages.”
“Yes, that. We tried to count them all and Khaze had so many ants in her fur the [Shaman] threw us in the lake.”
The two chortled over that as Yelroan poured glasses of juice. No alcohol for Yelroan; another oddity. Yet the Gnoll had more talents than just the magic of good math. He sighed.
“Math is power, Merish. I keep telling Chieftain Xherw that. He knows my Skills. If we had…eighteen Gnolls with my class, Plain’s Eye would make Pallass look over its shoulder.”
“I thought we traded with Pallass.”
Merish was reminded of Xherw talking about Manus. Yelroan flapped a paw, exasperated.
“Of course we do! And quite profitably—we have an exclusive trade deal, the only one of any tribe, as far as I know. I have no idea how Xherw negotiated that back in the day…we have other deals too that keep us on top. But give me eighteen—no, seven more [Mathematicians] and some deals with tribes, and we could replace Pallass and sell everything directly.”
“Mm. Seven more Yelroans. I can’t imagine it.”
“You can’t imagine parabolas.”
“…Those aren’t regular bolas? Magical bolas?”
Yelroan groaned and Merish grinned to himself, having done that last bit on purpose. He had to take Yelroan to task for one thing, though.
“Why the spectacles? You don’t need them.”
Yelroan had perfect vision, in fact. The Gnoll winked at Merish.
“Do you like them? I had to figure out how to make them catch the light like that. They’re specially treated with alchemical substances to reflect the light.”
“…That is the most obnoxious thing I have ever heard of. What kind of [Alchemist] would make that?”
“Saliss of Lights. I did an accounting job for him, once.”
Merish put his head in his paws. But he laughed. Yelroan fiddled with the glasses, doing the pose again.
“I decided to wear them after I saw some people with glasses. The stylish [Scholar], you know? I thought it would help my image. Actually…you met someone like that on Rhir.”
“I did?”
Merish glanced up, frowning. Yelroan scribbled something down; he was working as they talked.
“Perhaps not directly. It was…Bastion-General Quiteil. Um—”
“Fourth Wall.”
The tone of Merish’s voice made Yelroan look up. The Gnoll nodded slowly.
“Yes. Him.”
“How do you know him?”
The [Mathematician] smiled slightly, but watched Merish’s face.
“He offered me a position. Quite well-paid. I said no. I’m a Plains Gnoll in the end. A member of the tribe. Even if…well.”
He leaned back in his chair.
“If you go back to Rhir, I might take the job. But you’re probably not going to.”
Merish started. Yelroan knew about that? Then again, if he had persuaded the Chieftain to visit him…he was important. People just forgot that.
“How do you know I’m not going to go?”
Yelroan glanced at Merish, then pulled out a sheet. He handed it to Merish.
“There’s your odds of going.”
Merish stared down at a strange series of notations. Then at the final number.
“22.8%?”
“Yep.”
“You can calculate that?”
