8.30
Page 33
“There are too many designs on the Meeting of Tribes this time for my liking. I have been to the last one, when I was a cub, yes? But the Walled Cities never dared interrupt us before. It feels like many foreign powers are attempting to influence us. Or have you not heard of the King of Destruction’s representative?”
The other Gnolls looked at each other. Many hadn’t heard about that. One laughed.
“Designs on the Meeting of Tribes from foreign powers? What could they want? And the King of Destruction’s representative? What is he representing, a burnt pinecone? I heard that’s all that’s left of him.”
There were laughs, but the big Gnoll gave the other a reproving look. The Woven Bladegrass [Warrior] gave the unknown speaker an approving look.
“You have good points, [Warrior]. What tribe are you from?”
“None. I am a [Sellsword]. Among other things.”
“Then join our tribe for the night. Our Chieftain admires any Gnoll who speaks with conviction. Perhaps she will meet you. She will not like hearing about other powers; she does not like this Pallass army any more than you. How are you called?”
The other Gnolls broke up, some thoughtful, others shaking their heads. The Gnoll clasped paws with the female Gnoll.
“Me? Keras…il. Kerasil.”
She laughed and gestured. The Gnoll walked with her. He thought he’d done that well, but he kept forgetting his name. Yet if he met the Woven Bladegrass’ Chieftain…or should he win one of the martial tournaments yet? Perhaps tomorrow.
Kerash scratched at his neck, wondering if his Master was watching. Then his head swiveled.
Someone was watching him.
Even here, Kerash had seen powerful living beings. It was almost like there were worthy foes among the living, unlike how Venitra and Ijvani talked about the ‘inferior flesh-things’. Kerash had been…impressed…by all the Gnolls who had confronted the Raskghar.
He rather liked it here. Something called to him. He didn’t know what. But he was wary, because his master had warned him about the potential for discovery.
Who was watching him? As he followed the Woven Bladegrass’ representative, Kerash spotted the watcher.
A metal Gnoll? He slowed, and stared. One of the Honored Warriors of the Steelfur Tribe. One of the names he had memorized.
Adetr Steelfur. Kerash felt the Gnoll’s Skill touching him. Trying to learn something.
It wouldn’t work. The undead Gnoll’s mind raced.
A probing Skill. Master warned me about them. I am warded against such things. Keep calm. Do not react. Bow?
He inclined his head slightly. Adetr snorted, nodded once, and turned away. Kerash kept walking.
Keep to my Master’s plan. All is well. Enjoy myself. Master, how am I supposed to do that?
“Do you use that axe well, Kerasil? Or is it for show? Perhaps you can show me after this.”
The Woven Bladegrass Gnoll teased. Kerash bared his teeth. He forgot his worries.
“I am among the best you will ever meet.”
“Oh? You’ll have to prove that!”
The undead walked forwards. This was a bit fun after all. Far better than being taught by that rude skeleton.
 
—-
 
Someone who was not enjoying the Meeting of Tribes sat cross-legged, in the middle of her tribe. Her small tribe—but not a weak tribe.
Ekhtouch, perfection made manifest, the tribe whose children were without flaw, who comingled and produced the finest of each species…were a boring tribe. They tended to be aloof when meeting other tribes.
They did not intermingle freely. They certainly did not comingle in any way that could lead to offspring without their Chieftain’s permission. In a sense, each Ekhtouch was like a work of art.
