8.30
Page 7
A silly little face, a cartoonish Drake, floated overhead. Mage lights. Someone was artificially darkening the air and shooting up spells into the sky. A [Merchant] or someone with a wand, perhaps. Not [Shaman] spells. Merish stared up at the lights. Then at the table.
“I…”
He heard a small sound. Then he looked down and saw Sveha.
She was lying next to the table. Sveha was whimpering, curled up and holding her leg. He’d—Merish saw her staring at him.
“Uncle. Uncle—you threw me! He—”
Then she began to howl. Khaze instantly raced over to her and scooped her up.
“It’s alright, Sveha. Show me your leg. It’s just bruised? Merish didn’t mean to do it. It was just—”
Merish stood there, staring at Sveha. He walked over, but she wailed and swung a paw at him, and Khaze fished for a potion.
“I don’t have a healing potion. Sveha, it’s not bad! One second…”
“I have one. Let me—”
Merish was blocked as something hit his leg. He looked down. Ikl had seen his sister crying. The little Gnoll boy began to punch Merish’s leg as hard as he could, snarling.
“Ikl! Enough!”
Khaze shouted at her son. Viri was getting up. He looked at Merish. The Gnoll looked at Khaze, at the others coming over to pick up the fallen goods. Khaze met his eyes—then hurried for a potion. Merish stood there, trying to say something. Explain? In the end, he could only look at Khaze, and repeat himself.
“I’m sorry.”
 
—-
 
When he dreamed of nothing, it was welcome. The alternative was nightmares.
Blood and terror. Hacking down a Demon [Soldier] in his way. Turning. Hearing the bang. Ser Vorn falling. 
Light from the sky.
He woke up with his fur matted with sweat, howling a cry to arms. Seeing light flash down from the heavens.
It was another day. Merish woke before dawn, the day after the disaster with Sveha. No Khaze to greet him. He wondered how upset she was. Understandably…or was she giving him space?
Of course, the day went on after the incident in the morning. But it colored everything. What had he done after that? Merish washed his face, wondering if he’d woken anyone up. Then again—his clan might be used to it by now.
He stared into the bowl with water taken from a flask. The Gnoll found he couldn’t actually remember. He’d done something. Eaten. Gone around with Viri, maybe?
The world was grey, sometimes. He forgot what he was doing. He felt…out of place, no matter where he was, even with his sister. He was glad he wasn’t with the entire clan; shamefully, Merish was glad his mother didn’t see him like this, which was part of the reason why he had volunteered to join the Meeting of Tribes.
He wondered, if his father had been alive—what he would have said. Maybe he would have understood. Merish’s father had been a [Shamanic Warrior] too, and even if he had never gone to Rhir…
The Gnoll did not leave his tent for a while. He sat, rummaging through his things. He nearly reached for his enchanted axe—left it be. After the incident with Sveha, he didn’t trust himself with it. No accident had been fatal, or injured people beyond Sveha’s leg. But if it did?
Merish unfolded a bit of costly paper. He sat, cross-legged, and conjured a bit of light from his fur markings. The pattern lit up his dark yurt, giving him ample light to read by. A beautiful pattern. He didn’t look at it.
 
I still feel like I am at 5th Wall. I have to go back and settle things there. For Commander Cirille. If you choose to come back, there will be a place for you with us.
 
