8.30
Page 43
Adetr awoke under a strange sky. It seemed smaller. He frowned, sniffing the air as his tribe howled their traditional call to war. Then he heard a strange sound. An explosion—louder than anything.
Gnolls vanished next to him. Adetr recoiled, knocked sideways by some powerful blast. Was that a [Fireball]? No—he stared ahead as they pointed at a strange object. 
“What is that?”
He charged towards something. A…were those Humans standing over there? What were they holding? What was that giant metal thing?
He saw a strange metal tube swiveling to point a long ‘nose’ at h—
 
—-
 
Adetr died. He stopped, staring, as Rose ran past him. His head turned to follow her. The Gnoll’s jaw was open. He had died quickly before—always to high-level warriors who could close the distance. He had seen many battles. Many armies.
Never that.
“What was…”
They were heading somewhere. Adetr stared at Rose, then instantly followed after.
 
—-
 
Gireulashia Ekhtouch stood behind her Chieftain, head bowed, the iPhone on the ground in front of them. The tent where they talked was filled with commotion—albeit warded so no one could hear the intense discussion taking place. More Silverfang Gnolls and Ekhtouch stood tensely to one side.
Adetr didn’t care. He stared at one person, and one person alone.
Rose. He lurked, but couldn’t help but stare at her. Every forty minutes—the transit through the sprawling Meeting of Tribes had taken a while, and the discussion looked to be a long one—he blinked for about five seconds.
And his questions multiplied.
He survived the fourth time long enough to see more. It was a small force. He counted barely two hundred Humans, not counting the strange Golem-vehicles. He supposed that was all Rose was ‘worth’.
They still ravaged the Steelfur tribe. The second time he’d gone down to—something. A shard of metal that hit him, propelled through the air.
It didn’t kill him, not the first shot. Nor the second. Nor the hundredth. He was metal, and a stronger metal than this.
Yet he was hit by hundreds, thousands of rounds in moments. Each Human had some kind of weapon that flashed and—
Lesser Steelfur warriors went down before they even closed. Their fur resisted the deadly projectiles barely at all. One, two, four at most, and they died.
Worse was that one…thing. One, or two; it did vary…giant boxes that destroyed everything they aimed at.
Worse than [Fireballs]. Somehow, it tore him apart. So he didn’t let it hit him.
The fourth time he managed to survive. Adetr had control of his tribe’s assets. Chieftain Iraz was there, as were [Shamans].
“Walls of earth! Barrier spells! Hide us under the earth!”
That seemed like the best way to survive. Adetr followed the Silverfang tribe as they concluded negotiations. The other Human and a Gnoll were talking with the huge [Paragon]—he didn’t care.
He had to know what this Human’s army was. The thirty eight minute cool-down was killing Adetr.
Six times.
They couldn’t hide under the ground! The Humans just punched through with those damn explosions! Adetr snarled as he raised his head. His skull rang and he fell back as Steelfur warriors cried out and dragged him back.
Something had lodged in his head. More of the bits of metal—the only reason he was surviving was that his body was tougher. They’d still cracked his skull. He snarled.
“Through the earth! They die if we touch them!”
