8.30
Page 39
Frustrated, he tapped on the phone, trying to figure out the right angle. Inkar was amused, and exasperated because he wouldn’t let her help.
“It’s a bit up! No, it’s not—let me help.”
“I’ve got it! I want to do it!”
“But you’re not aiming right.”
“I’ve nearly got it—”
Tkrn frowned at the screen. A furry finger reached out and tapped the screen. He blinked. But then he saw the little bird fly and topple everything and the screen rewarded him with a cheering explosion of light and sound.
Tkrn focused on that, then turned to Inkar as something occurred to him. He stared at her hands. Her fingers, long and distinctly not paw-like. He saw her head turned, eyes wide, mouth wide open.
The [Guardsman] slowly turned his head. He saw a giant Gnoll, looming over both of them, sitting right behind Inkar and Tkrn. She had somehow snuck into the tent and was so close her fur nearly brushed their backs without either noticing.
It was she who had been watching for the last hour, and unconsciously, unable to help herself, touched the iPhone. She stared at Tkrn. At Inkar. Gire came to her senses. Her eyes went round and then—she panicked.
“I’m sorry. I was only looking!”
“What th—”
Tkrn went for his blade, or tried to. Inkar opened her mouth to scream. Gire saw it all, and—acted instinctively.
She reached out and tapped Tkrn’s jaw with her fist. His eyes rolled up. She did the same to Inkar so fast both were unconscious before their heads hit the pillows. Then Gire was out of the tent, over the wall, and running, so fast the sentries only saw a blur, fleeing back to her camp.
Gire stormed into her tent, hid under her blankets, ignoring the questions from her tribe. It was only after she’d stopped quaking that she realized she had only made all of it worse. A child, as Venaz would have said, was still a child. Worse—
This child had taken the iPhone. She hid under her blankets, a giant mound of terrified Gnoll, until someone began calling her name.
“Gire? Gire—some Gnolls from the Silverfang Tribe and a Human are looking for you.”
 
—-
 
Another strange encounter in the Meeting of Tribes occurred at roughly the same time. Another iconic Gnoll walked through the crowd, focus of many eyes and speculation.
The difference was that he looked back. The metal Gnoll roamed the Meeting of Tribes, eyes locking on individuals, passing over many…stopping on the ones who mattered. Adetr was looking for powerful Gnolls, and he knew when he found them.
Adetr Steelfur, nephew of the famous Iraz Steelfur himself. Ironically, it was he, not Iraz’s offspring or even grandchildren who had taken most to their tribe’s heritage.
His body was metal. Tougher than steel. He weighed twice what a normal Gnoll did. He was tougher than a [Knight] in plate armor, one of the greatest warriors of the mighty Steelfur tribe. Some whispered he would be the next [Chieftain], regardless of bloodlines. Adetr wondered if that was so. There was more to leading than just physical might, or so Iraz told him.
He would be fine with just physical might, for now. If only he could be the best.
Unbreakable body, indestructible heart. That was all of what Steelfur believed you needed to win any battle. He passed by the strange Gnoll [Warrior] he couldn’t read.
He wondered what kind of item that Gnoll [Warrior] had—or Skill—that let them deflect his Skill. Even Honored Berr and heroes like Garsine Wallbreaker, or adventurers like Lehra Ruinstrider couldn’t prevent this Skill from working on them.
