8.30
Page 2
He had come back with scars, ‘quiet’, to hear his friends and sister say it, with nightmares and stories of horror and war. And with Viri. The Plain’s Eye [Warriors] who had gone with him had come back too.
Eight of them. Many times more had gone, from many tribes. Many had gone again, to avenge the fallen. In that sense, Merish was among the lucky ones.
Commander Cirille was dead. So was Uxel. Delezza. Vorn, Lacten…
“Merish. Merish!”
He blinked. His sister was poking him in the side. He stared at her. She grinned, and he realized he’d spaced out.
“Take Sveha and Ikl with you. I would, but I’m going to fight for the rare cooking ingredients! I have to run, many thanks!”
“Wait, but I don’t even know what I’m looking f—”
She was already gone, jogging off on a quest to find something nice. Merish stared down at the tomato plant. It stared up at him, denuded of the tomatoes, probably fated to wither away or be stepped on.
You’ve taken my fruit. Leave me alone, you monster.
He looked after his sister, who was shooing Sveha and Ikl back towards him. Because they were too slow to elbow other Gnolls away from rubyroot plants and the like.
“Uncle! Mother says we have to stay with you!”
Sveha padded back over and sat there. Ikl yawned, blinking up at Merish. He looked around helplessly, almost amused, exasperated at Khaze. She hadn’t changed. She left him with her children, as if she was a cub still and foisting dishwashing duty onto him. Merish sighed, but inwardly, he smiled.
Why it didn’t translate to a smile on his face, he didn’t know.
“Why is there a carrot outside my tent? Is this a prank? Ahoy! Merish! Sveha! Ikl! It’s meeeeeee—”
Someone shouted. Merish, Ikl, and Sveha looked around—then up. A loud, exuberant voice cut through the quiet morning. A little figure bounced from the tent he’d hopped out of, and flew through the air like a giant grasshopper. Sveha and Ikl stared up, open-mouthed, though they’d seen Viri many times before.
The Lizardman hopped through the air and landed, planting his stick on the ground. He grinned, leaning on it as his one leg planted itself on the ground. He had only a stump for his second leg, but Viri hadn’t changed.
“Uncle Viri! I want to go hopping!”
“No, me!”
Ikl pushed his sister away. Viri hugged Sveha and Ikl and grinned.
“Merish! There’s a carrot over there. How did it get there?”
Viri could still smile. He pointed at the carrot sprouting from the ground in front of his tent, laughing with delight at it. Merish had to explain.
“We’re gathering plants. A [Shaman] made them sprout.”
“Really? Wow! That sounds like fun! Let’s go!”
The Lizardman hopped around excitedly, taking a basket from Sveha. He didn’t moan about the hour; other Gnolls were doing that, but they were used to the Lizardman, the foreigner from Baleros. Merish’s friend from Rhir.
A survivor of 5th Wall. That was what Merish couldn’t explain to Khaze. Oh, she knew enough. He had spared her all the details, but his tribe knew…and didn’t know.
5th Wall. It had come to be a phrase, almost like a password. If you understood what it meant—it was because you had been there. Merish went to gather plants on a day in the wondrous Meeting of Tribes, with his family, Viri.
He still felt like he was standing there, on distant Rhir.
 
—-
 
“Uncle, why do [Shamans] make plants appear?”
