8.30
Page 29
“But can she best…something she’s never done? Maybe I should ask her to prove it with…magic? I don’t know magic, damn. How about an activity…”
Venaz broke off, scheming. He was fascinated by Gireulashia. Yerranola just laughed.
“Besotted by the first person taller, stronger, and better than you, Venaz?”
The others grinned too. Venaz’s head rose. He looked after Gireulashia, still visible in the distance.
“What? Do you think I fall for the first tall-legged person I meet? That athleticism equates to love? For shame, Yerranola. That’s shallow. She’s not my type. Too young as well. I prefer…strength of character.”
“Sure.”
The others laughed. But Wil remained silent. He cleared his throat.
“Venaz. Did you get the message from Perorn about…the Professor?”
Venaz stopped. He looked at Wil, and then gestured to his bare hand.
“I took my rings off for the contest. Let me put on some privacy artifacts. Then talk.”
Wil nodded. The others went sober at once.
 
—-
 
Something had to be done. Krshia met with Akrisa, Beilmark, and other senior Gnolls of the Silverfang tribe. Krshia was distraught, upset, frightened of the reports of the strange [Witch].
“We must send aid back, sister! Chieftain!”
She implored Akrisa. Her older sister held up a steadying paw.
“Of course we must, Krshia. However, it may be best to appoint Silverfangs from Liscor who…know…Mrsha. I am also not about to order Gnolls to race hundreds of miles north if there are better trackers on the job. You said acquaintances and her guardians are already on her trail.”
“Yes, but…”
It was hard for Krshia to explain just how bad of a group was going after Mrsha—even if Akrisa would have believed her.
“The problem is, this little Mrsha cannot be scried, and her trail is apparently hard to follow, even by scent. We are far from Pallass.”
Cetrule pointed out. Beilmark paced.
“I’m informed a [Tracker] from 4th Company has joined the rescue operation, but there must be something we can do. Is there no one in Silverfang who can quickly go north?”
“We are not a tribe known for speed. What I can do is ask other tribes to lend their aid. A tribe around Pallass…the issue is not that, Krshia. Sister?”
Krshia jerked upright from visions of Erin. Lyonette. She had told Lyonette that Mrsha would be safe here! The inn…little Mrsha…who had done it? She looked at Akrisa.
“What? Anyone who can help would be welcome.”
“Yes…”
Akrisa let the word linger. She looked at Cetrule.
“But Mrsha is the little white Gnoll, yes? The one you intend to plead before the Meeting of Tribes? That complicates things. It would—not be wise—for some Gnolls who might help to encounter her.”
Krshia’s fur rose slightly. She swung her head from Cetrule to Akrisa.
“They wouldn’t kill her out of turn, would they? Akrisa, when Brunkr came, he was violent, but not every Gnoll would be so…”
Murderous? Akrisa pointedly didn’t reply. She rested her paws on the table.
“I am concerned for the child’s safety. But sister. I am more concerned about the Gnolls who attacked the inn. Gnolls with no tribe’s markings. Yet Plains Gnolls. Which tribe is that?”
Krshia felt an uneasy sensation in her stomach. A tribe had sent…? She looked from Akrisa to Cetrule. The [Shaman] cleared his throat.
“I can inquire, Chieftain Akrisa. That may be more important. I fear for the child, Krshia. But if a tribe knew she was a white Gnoll and sent those Gnolls…the Meeting of Tribes might be more dangerous than wherever she is.”
Which tribe? Krshia could only nod as Beilmark swung her head from face to face.
 
—-
 
