8.30
Page 5
“Lyepeppers. Viri! Come take a look. You too, Sveha. You will like this.”
Both Lizardman and Gnoll girl watched as Merish hurried over and began to pluck the fat peppers. Both gave Merish a very dubious look.
“Uncle. Those are bad.”
“Yeah. Are you sure that’s not poison, Merish?”
Viri pointed to the peppers. They resembled the tooth-like peppers you could find in other varieties, fat and fully-grown. The difference was…well, the coloration.
The Lyepeppers were a mix of colors, each so bright as to seem artificial. One was bright red with green spots that almost looked like warts on it. Another was distinctly yellow, with tiny blue dots as if it was sick. If there was any unhealthy or poisonous look—it was that.
“Lyepeppers aren’t bad, Sveha.”
Merish assured his niece. He offered her one, but Sveha, normally eager to bite any snack or treat, even dirt, closed her mouth.
“They have spots. I was eating this thing, but not this with spots and Mommy said no.”
The Gnoll girl stared up at Merish as if that last sentence made sense and had a conclusion. Her gaze somehow managed to convey accusation for Merish going against Khaze’s rule against spotted plants.
He tried to explain and reassure her.
“Lyepeppers are…liars, Sveha. Only Lyepeppers are edible, even though they look like…”
He showed her a purple, striped Lyepepper crossed with an unhealthy orange.
“They try to trick you. They’re good, see? Just be careful; they do mix with weeds…er, bad plants. So you break a bit off and rub it on your skin. Under your fur. If you don’t get itchy, it’s probably a good Lyepepper. So you take a little bite and wait. And then…”
He gave up on the survival explanation because she was giving him an even more mistrustful look.
“…We have [Cooks] who can appraise all the ingredients. So we’ll gather it all.”
The little girl watched Merish and Viri pluck the rest of the peppers. She didn’t like them—or her empty stomach.
“I want Mommy!”
She scrunched up her face, casting around and glaring at Merish, but Khaze was nowhere to be seen.
“We’ll find her.”
“I want her now.”
Her face turned dangerously upset. Merish sighed, and looked for Khaze, but before Sveha could start crying, a claw tapped her on the shoulder.
“Sveha. Psst, Sveha.”
She looked around. Viri popped up beside her.
“Bleargh!”
He made a huge face, sticking out his tongue and making his eyes wide as possible.
Sveha just stared at him. Viri stared back. Neither one laughed. After a second, Viri dropped the face.
“How about a Lyepepper? Look, isn’t it funny?”
He offered her one that seemed like it had a face on it, a unique striped look. Sveha grabbed the pepper.
“No!”
She hurled it away, grumpily. Viri cried out.
“Nooo! My pepper! What are you doing, you mad child?”
He hopped after it, waving his one arm in dismay. Sveha peeked after him, and to Merish’s relief, began giggling. Viri came back, a mighty frown on his face.
“Okay, I got it and it looks good. But promise me you won’t throw it again, okay? Here…put it in the basket.”
He handed the pepper to Sveha. She picked it up, stared at it, and then at Viri. He waited.
She tossed the pepper.
“My pepper! How could you?”
The Lizardman leapt in horror, splatted comically on the ground, and rolled over until he could grab it. He pushed himself up and began hopping back.
“Okay. Sveha? I need you to put it into the basket. Here—no, don’t—!”
