8.30
Page 44
The fortifications were failing—he saw his Chieftain go down as another round blasted through a wall. Adetr knew the Humans had to come in, though. He refused to let his tribe charge. Then he heard a sound and saw something streaking down through the air at—
 
—-
 
Something had blown up their entire tribe—or just the ones around Adetr. He could have sworn he saw something in the sky. The Gnoll snarled.
Night fell. Gnolls ate. Adetr did not. He ran around camp, to burn off the adrenaline running through his veins.
Thirty. Eight. Damn. Minutes.
 
—-
 
Eleven tries. Seven hours, almost. Adetr was worried Rose would go to sleep.
He finally found their weak spot.
 
—-
 
“Blind them! Blind them!”
The Humans were in disarray. Adetr stood, shielding himself and watching the battle turn at last. 
The [Shamans]. That was the key.
In his desperation he had tried everything. Skills? Even Iraz’s Skills didn’t overturn whatever the Humans had, but the [Shaman]’s magic had stymied the Humans—until that thing in the skies came and hit them.
So Adetr had tried other spells. The Humans—these ones had no magical guard. They went blind, fell asleep, unable to block even Tier 1 spells.
If the [Shamans] lived long enough to cast the magic. Adetr watched as the blinded Humans in the metal vehicle fired ahead. Killing Gnolls—but the Steelfur Tribe was on them, trying to rip open the metal armor. The Humans on the ground held their fire—until they realized it was fire or die, then they fired, but fell as Gnolls closed.
Adetr was striding towards the first vehicle, which had been disabled, the long ‘nose’ a smoking ruin after one of the Gnolls bent it out of shape and it exploded. The Humans were blind; they couldn’t detect the [Invisible] Gnolls who had assailed their ranks.
Eleven times. Such a strange battle. It had gone from annihilation to victory—and Adetr wondered what they were. Why did they not tell stories about this army, if it was so powerful? What weapons were they, that spat metal?
Where was he? Why did the sky…
He stared up. Another object streaked down and the Steelfur Tribe vanished. He stared up. 
“What is that thing in the skies?”
Then he died.
 
—-
 
Rose went to bed. Adetr was so furious he considered storming into the camp and making a pretext to keep her awake.
Reluctantly, he went to sleep, though he had to literally go to a [Shaman] to beg a sleeping draught. The Gnoll gave him a concerned look.
“Are you using your Skill, Adetr? The Chieftain worries—”
“I am fine. I’m leveling!”
Adetr snapped, snatching the medicine. He consumed the foul elixir, felt himself tire…
 
[Battle Seeker Level 27!]
[Skill – Foreign Lands Training (Landscape) obtained!]
 
His eyes snapped open. Adetr shot out of his bed with an oath.
“How?”
He shouted so loudly the sentries shot to attention and half the tribe woke up. Adetr told them all was well, but Chieftain Iraz himself fixed him with a sleepy glare. The Gnoll bowed his head. He didn’t quite know how to tell Chieftain Iraz he had leveled in his non-primary class overnight.
Four times.
 
—-
 
“Adetr. Garsine Wallbreaker complained of your Skill. The [Shamans] tell me you have been erratic. I am concerned. Is there something you need tell me?”
Chieftain Iraz was a strong Gnoll, a Chieftain who had turned his tribe into one worthy of standing with the best of them in one generation. It was his Skill which turned his entire tribe’s fur to metal.
