8.30
Page 41
Adetr went fishing. He failed to win, but it passed thirty minutes and then some. The pond that had been made for the competition let him recharge his Skills. Then he found her again.
This time, she went down, but only because Steelfur’s entire tribe went after her. He saw her bring down nearly a hundred alone—and that was because he’d taken her tribe down around him. He heard the howling of triumph—the Steelfur warriors were never ones he recognized. Just generic warriors, with the few strong ones of his tribe—those over Level 30. They never recognized their foes. It was a simulation. Adetr howled in victory.
He was back in the real world. The Gnoll grinned to himself. Well, heroes died and he was used to seeing that. Even his Chieftain fell when he used that Skill—sometimes. The third time he’d—
Garsine Wallbreaker walked towards him. The giant Gnoll broke away from her inspection of paintings. Adetr went still as Gnolls behind him backed up.
Her huge, snarling mouth opened. Her elongated form bent down, and he saw two eyes—yellow. Not brown! They glowed with power as the bear-cape swung around her. She breathed, one word.
“Enough.”
The Gnolls of her tribe stared at Garsine, then Adetr, confused. He saw some Steelfur Gnolls staring at him. Adetr met Garsine’s eyes. Somehow she’d sensed his Skill and what he was doing.
“Apologies, great Garsine.”
She stared at him, snorted hot breath, and turned away. Adetr bowed after her, abashed. Only a few people had recognized what he was doing.
He was more circumspect after that, but he spent his time thusly. Thirty eight minute increments, then—battle. It was a shame he couldn’t level, yet the Meeting of Tribes was what he’d dreamed of for the last six years; he hadn’t attended the last one, being far too young.
He tested himself on almost every Gnoll he could find. Lehra Ruinstrider was an interesting foe. She was weaker by herself than a Named Adventurer should be; compared to the others he had met. Her team was good, though. That damned Gazer could actually lock him down.
I should buy more anti-magic protections.
What was also useful was learning how each tribe fought. Generic warriors with a few powerful individuals they might be, but they still fought like…their people. Adetr used it on the Minotaur, Venaz, and was rewarded with a fight.
The King of Minotaurs herself wiped him out. He tried three times and she killed him before he even touched the Minotaur lines. It was actually a disappointment; he wanted to fight the House of Minos, not see a giant axe filling the world and feel his death. He supposed Venaz was fairly important in the House of Minos after all.
Then again, Adetr’s Skill gave him the greatest battle possible. Not solo-duels. Sometimes he regretted that—but it suited him. He always had Steelfur at his back. Always faced his foes at full power.
Well, should I try it on Plain’s Eye? If they sense it like Garsine and I offend their [Shaman] or Chieftain…
Adetr growled. He could use it on a lesser warrior, but less of the tribe showed up. Presumably because a lesser representative couldn’t get all of his or her tribe behind them. He cast around, but there was no ‘fun’ Gnoll to see at the moment.
“Maybe that Garuda.”
He looked up, hopefully. They made much of Pomle’s strength. Or—what about the Dwarf? Something had gone wrong that one time he’d used it on a Dwarf. He’d won eighty nine simulations against Dwarves…except for one. A weak Dwarf, but someone in the projection had slaughtered Adetr so fast he couldn’t see what it was.
