8.30
Page 3
Sveha let Merish carry her as he trudged along. Viri was hopping with Ikl, who was trying to copy the Lizardman as they bounced from plant to plant. The blooms were everywhere. Merish stared at a sunflower taller than he was and gingerly plucked the entire head and tossed it into the basket. Sveha sniffed it, then looked up at him.
“Yeah, why do they do it, Merish? We don’t have [Shamans]. Our Nagas have all kinds of magic…but this is more like Centaur stuff. Dullahans are mostly [Geomancers] and stuff. Maybe it’s a [Druid] thing. But why plants?”
Viri looked expectant too. Merish shrugged.
“…As part of a way to demonstrate the power of their tribes, I suppose. Impress the others. A fun activity.”
Viri nodded. Sveha, on the other hand, looked up.
“Why can [Shamans] make plants grow?”
“…Because they have the tribe’s magic.”
“Why does the tribe have magic?”
Merish looked down at Sveha.
“Everyone has magic, Sveha.”
“Why does everyone have magic?”
Merish was stumped by that one. Sveha was little, and curious. She asked ‘why’ so many times he felt like a [Shaman] himself.
“How about we find more plants? You can ask your mother about that later. Can you smell anything interesting, Sveha?”
And Khaze can deal with existential questions about magic. Merish was a [Shamanic Warrior], but he didn’t have time for an hour-long lecture about harnessing magical power. Sveha nodded. She cast around, sniffing, and then pointed.
“There! Smells good!”
All three gatherers trusted Sveha’s nose. She was a Level 2 [Sniffer], a child’s class, so her sense of smell was even more acute than other children. Merish jogged over, seeing more Gnolls eagerly grabbing plants. They were arguing already.
“That pumpkin is on our tribe’s land, friend.”
“But I was uprooting it before you came along, good fellow Gnoll, yes? This is a bounty for all.”
“So why don’t we share it?”
Two friendly Gnolls were arguing over a huge pumpkin. Merish took his group around what might be an impending fight, and saw a tiny flower. He blinked.
“Good nose, Sveha. I think this is valuable.”
Instantly, both arguing Gnolls looked over. They were from different tribes. Sveha stared down at the purple flower with the red pistils.
“It smells good. What is it?”
“I think it’s useful. Viri, do you recognize this?”
The Lizardman hopped over.
“Nope!”
He announced triumphantly. Ikl, surprisingly, identified it.
“That’s saffron! Mother said to grab it.”
“Well, it goes into the basket, then.”
The non-native plants to Izril were growing thanks to the [Shaman]’s magic. Merish grabbed the entire flower and decided to uproot all of it.
“Hey! That’s on the Decles Tribe’s land—”
One of the Gnolls began to stride over. Merish straightened and the Gnoll hesitated. He looked at Merish, who outweighed him, out-heighted him, and certainly out-leveled him.
Merish, whose fur glowed with magical markings. The Gnoll blinked.
“…But the Plain’s Eye Tribe is a friend of ours! Why don’t we share everything? Here’s your pumpkin, friend.”
He backed off. Merish was amused—he would have split the saffron flower if the Gnoll insisted. Viri chortled.
“This is why you have to have a Merish.”
He whispered slyly to Ikl, who gave his uncle a proud look. Embarrassed—he hadn’t meant to intimidate the other Gnoll—Merish hurried off with Sveha.
More Gnolls joined the search, exclaiming over plants that had popped out everywhere. Merish wondered how long they had to gather; until they filled their baskets, he decided. They were almost done when Ikl pointed.
“Look! There’re some nice plants! I’ll get them!”
