8.30
Page 26
Perale sighed. Silverfang was clearly richer than their tribe. Which made Krshia feel they had some ground to stand on. A tribe like the Wild Wastes could use a rich friend, and Silverfang a powerful ally.
But they were just introducing themselves today, so Krshia let Akrisa and Perale talk and walked the camp after she’d told Perale about the Raskghar. He listened intently, growling at hearing the sacrifices, but it was clearly not news; Krshia suspected her story had made the rounds everywhere, but Gnolls liked to hear it from her lips.
She talked to the one Gnoll she did know in the camp. Honored Berr. He was the oldest Gnoll she saw still acting as a [Warrior]. His fur was grey, and he was short.
Unless he chose to grow. He stood like a dwarf-Gnoll among a group of giant, far-younger [Warriors] in their twenties or thirties at the latest. Krshia nodded as he smiled. Berr was scarfing down cookies he somehow had a dozen of.
“Honored Berr. Are these Gnolls all your apprentices?”
He shrugged as the Gnolls sniffed at Krshia, nodding to her, also chowing down.
“My apprentices—and offspring. That’s my son. And that one. And that one…hrr, they were all boys. Eleven. Strange, eh?”
He pointed out three Gnolls among the warriors standing around him. One, with blonde fur, tall, handsome, and a scar running from the ear down along his neck, gave Krshia a smile. He was like a Gnoll out of stories, and some of the Silverfang Gnolls were giving him admiring looks.
Krshia just grinned. Honored Berr gestured around.
“Isn’t it annoying? They crowd me so, so I like to leave my tribe. Shoo!”
He pushed at his son, irritably, but the tall Gnoll just rested his chin on Berr’s head.
“Father, we have to learn from you. Such an honored Gnoll. Give us wisdom.”
“Don’t mock old Gnolls. Here is wisdom!”
Berr ducked, swung a fist up, and hit his son in the chin. The Gnoll went cross-eyed and staggered, and then swiped at Berr. The [Berserker] was already gone, and the others laughed uproariously.
[Berserkers]. [Barbarians]. What was amazing was that they weren’t all Gnolls. The laughter cut off as one of the warriors apprenticed to Berr came forwards. He had emerged from the guest tents, rather than greet the Silverfangs.
He didn’t even notice Krshia, as he fell to his knees in front of Honored Berr. The female Gnoll started and stared. The other Gnolls fell silent as a tear-stained man, seven feet tall, as muscular as Grimalkin—almost—sank to his knees. His eyes were red; his scarred arms reached out as Berr stopped jesting and turned to him, gravely.
“Master. I ask you to teach me, now. I have rested from my journey, and I must learn or go mad.”
“Hrm. Solen, isn’t it?”
Two companions came out of the tents and joined the Human man. They were all Humans, similarly strong, but wearing armor. Their accents were…Terandrian?
“I apologize, honored Berr. He would not rest.”
One of the men spoke, clumsily adding the title. Solen ignored his friends. He reached out, supplicating. To…Berr.
“I have…I have taken too much blood, master. When the pounding is too loud—it consumes everything. Already, the crimson sin knows my name. I cannot live like this. I will slay all I love. Can I be cured? Can the beast inside me be tamed?”
Krshia’s fur rose slightly. She looked at the [Berserker], and finally noticed something that wasn’t a scar on his cheek. An ashen brand; a tattoo in his flesh. It looked like a slave-marking, but if he was from Terandria…she took a step back.
[Berserker]. One didn’t have to guess what blood he had taken by accident. Yet why had he come here?
