8.30
Page 40
Many had Skills that analyzed their opponents’ strengths, even revealed Skills, levels, etc. There were even spells for that—none of which worked on most Gnolls here. Any [Chieftain] or famous Gnoll had protections against them. Yet Adetr had a Skill few possessed.
He was a [Battle Seeker] along with his primary class. That was how much he craved proving his worth. Some Gnolls loved and lived battle like Honored Berr.
Adetr dreamed after it, lusted for it more than anyone he had ever lain with. Thus, his Skill was this.
He came to a halt and spotted a towering Gnoll racing back through the Meeting of Tribes. A worthy enemy. He didn’t know why she was so upset, but the [Paragon] was in his sights. He stared at Gireulashia and used his Skill.
[Analysis: Vision of Greatest Battle].
Adetr died.
He died snarling, the Ekhtouch tribe surging around him. They were good! Yet he had killed nine already. The Steelfur warriors were trading less effectively. Ekhtouch were few, but they made up for it with strength, reach, even skill!
He was aiming for their Chieftain when she appeared. The giant, covered in wounds, swinging a sword that bit through the Steelfur warriors’ hides. Adetr roared a challenge and saw her turn. He charged, a [Bull’s Rush] through the others. She saw him and—tossed—
The Gnoll blinked. Staggered. Gnolls passing by saw him stumble, clutch at his eye. Then recover. They looked at him, but he just growled and walked on. He tried to look at Gire again, but she had already left.
A pity. He would have liked a rematch. He had no idea she was that good. Adetr had died; she’d thrown a javelin straight through his eye. It was a weak point.
 
—-
 
Greatest battle. Adetr learned more about the Ekhtouch tribe from that moment—real knowledge.
Such as the fact that they could back up their claims to superiority—to a point. If Steelfur and their tribe fought, they would lose. Steelfur’s warriors were weaker than Ekhtouch’s, a rarity, but they had numbers and Ekhtouch wasn’t armored with that many relics.
Still, Adetr had died so he hadn’t seen the final tally of the battle. He might have understood, then, just how matched both tribes were.
Not that they would ever fight. Steelfur and Ekhtouch were too well-respected, the consequences too fierce. It would never happen, so Adetr’s longing had given him this Skill.
What a wondrous Skill. With it, he could see glorious war. Appraise his weaknesses, gauge how much he should truly respect his ‘betters’.
For instance—Garsine Wallbreaker. Adetr went to watch a wrestling match with some Gnolls for about twenty minutes, then hunted her down again. He saw her walking through the Meeting of Tribes, creating a passage as Gnolls looked up at the [Shapechanger] and backed away.
To his amazement, she was bending down and sniffing at flowers.
“This one.”
She was picking out flowers to plant when they returned home! An old woman, not the hero of old, to look at her like this. Garsine held a tiny little flower and paid the Gnoll for the seeds.
She tore off his head as her tribe fell around her. Wallbreaker’s tribe was not as strong as she, though they had shapechangers. But Garsine? An army apart! She turned into her true form and he roared as she lifted him up—
Death. Adetr bared his teeth. Now here was a true hero of Gnolls. He had to watch out for her reach; if she got him, he was dead.
Garsine twitched and glanced around, but Adetr was gone.
“Reel in some fish! Biggest fish wins a prize!”
