8.30
Page 32
Feshi bowed slightly. She looked at him and the others—the Wild Wastes’ finest warriors. Honored Berr scratched at his belly. He stared at her. Then smiled.
“I am Berr. We know each other, yes?”
He…repeated himself? It was such an odd thing to say, all the [Strategists] looked at each other.
“Er—yes, Honored Berr. Can we help you? We did not call you.”
The Gnoll nodded. Then he tilted his head.
“I am Berr. These are [Berserkers], by the way.”
Was he going senile? Wil hesitated, feeling a bit uneasy by the odd way the Gnoll kept repeating his name, reintroducing himself. Then he heard an oath.
It came from Merrik. The Dwarf figured it out first and stroked his beard furiously. His eyebrows bobbed up and down. The others glanced at him.
“What, Merrik? Did you call him?”
“Not me. But we don’t need to. Honored Berr. Wild Wastes. I think we just ran into a high-level Skill. Used by [Mercenaries].”
Yerranola’s brows shot all the way back up. Everyone whirled around. Torishi gave her niece a stare, but Feshi was flabbergasted.
“…We can’t hire Berr! Merrik, you’re joking. That’s not—”
She turned. Honored Berr grinned wide as could be. The Gnolls behind him perked up. One of them flexed an arm—the other slapped his shoulder. Berr peered from student to student, a happy smile on his face.
“Can’t hire me? Why not? How much gold do you have?”
His eyes twinkled with excitement as the students looked at each other.
 
—-
 
High-level Gnolls. Strange plans. Strange designs.
The first arguments over the Raskghar spilled into discussions about Pallass.
“Pallass wants a universal peace treaty with the Meeting of Tribes?”
The rumor was in among a lot of milling warriors from various tribes. Apparently, no less than Chaldion had asked for a mass-treaty since all the tribes were here. The Raskghar were a token of good-will.
Someone spoke, a Plain’s Eye [Warrior].
“Peace with a Walled City would be fine. My tribe is at peace and Pallass’ gold fills our pouches. If the Chieftains effect it, we could do away with other tribes causing trouble for us all.”
The remark was aimed at a Woven Bladegrass Gnoll. She pushed herself up with a growl.
“So says a tribe afraid of Pallass. Will you let them push us around, take our lands and tell us ‘this is Drake property’?”
She slapped her chest.
“Let them come! We all know what Lemol and these cities have done to Gnoll tribes! Do you not remember the Kedarune tribe’s fate? How Drake armies drove off Grovelind’s people from their vineyards they had tended for nearly eight decades over petty laws those cities made?”
“Ancient history!”
Another Gnoll barked back. Someone else slapped him on the shoulder, provoking a growl, but the third Gnoll was big enough to make the rest back down.
“I say the Woven Bladegrass’ Chieftain has the right of it. We bow to Drake law and their armies in every part of Izril. Will we bow to their armies here? At this time? Do you think Pallass sending their army here, even to ‘escort’ the Raskghar, isn’t suspicious? Eh?”
The warriors fell silent. They turned to the third Gnoll, who was impressive, a strong Gnoll. No visible tribe’s markings, but there were wanderers as well as every tribe.
It was one discussion of many, but now the question had been posed…the third Gnoll kept speaking.
