8.30
Page 31
Merrik and Venaz fell silent and both grudgingly nodded. Feshi was concerned, but Yerranola coughed and grinned.
“Yet—don’t you see, everyone? I see the greatest opportunity for us here.”
They all looked at the Selphid. She’d endured terrible poison, but somehow, despite still needing treatments from the faerie-flower painkillers and antidotes, she grinned. Wil…was relieved to see her smile.
“How so, Yerra?”
Peki tilted her head. She was the least strategic-minded of the lot, being in the officer-classes. Yerra elaborated.
“There are more high-level individuals here than you could find in any great city in the world regularly. Mercenaries? Entire tribes known for their battle prowess are sitting about with nothing to do. And if we did rescue the Professor—that’s definitely worth top marks, right? How much is the favor of a Great Company of Baleros worth, eh, Feshi?”
The Gnoll blinked. The others looked at each other, feeling the same call to adventure. Until Venaz muttered, sotto voce.
“Assuming the Professor isn’t more valuable as a hostage.”
The others glowered at him, but Feshi nodded.
“You’re right, Venaz. There is a chance. I just don’t know if Weatherfur will take it…but we can ask. Let me talk to my Chieftain. If we decided to go and search, we could take a small group. Max movement Skills, horses? How much could we pay?”
The others glanced at each other. Wil sighed.
“I can ask my family for an advance, but war in Pheislant…”
Venaz nodded.
“I’ll pull funds from my account at the Merchant’s Guild. All I can muster; nearly ten thousand gold. That’s all I was allocated.”
“I can throw in a few hundred gold too.”
Merrik’s hand rose. Feshi did some quick notations. Yerra grimaced.
“I can do uh, a hundred gold?”
They looked at Feshi, who had already added her income. Peki raised her wing-hand proudly.
“I am poor.”
Merrik patted her on the arm. Peki slapped his hand down.
“Don’t pat me.”
They nodded at each other and made to leave the private guest-tent. Feshi was jotting down notes.
“We could recompense some Weatherfur warriors. Not the best, but if I add in horses—are we moving fast or do we want a fighting force? Maybe we could purchase…”
They stopped in the middle of the Weatherfur Tribe’s camp. A bit of a commotion had occurred when they were planning out a possible rescue. A bunch of Gnolls had come to the Weatherfur Tribe. They had clearly been allowed in, but their very presence had quite a lot of Weatherfur’s colorful Gnolls with their dyed fur staring.
No less than the Chieftain of their tribe, Torishi, was greeting them, under a halo of light from the sky, the manifestation of her weather aura. Wil blinked.
He knew these Gnolls. Or one of them. Torishi called out to Feshi.
“Niece! You have guests. They claim to have an appointment with you. I hope you are not going to make them wait?”
She looked pointedly at one of the Gnolls, who was scarfing down refreshments. Feshi blinked.
“Chieftain. But I didn’t call for…”
She stared as the little Gnoll swung himself to his feet. He grinned, and motioned to the Gnolls—and three Humans. They fell into step as they approached Feshi, Wil, and the others.
Honored Berr’s grin was wide as could be.
“Feshi did not call us, Chieftain Torishi. But we are here, yes? Hello, children. I am Honored Berr. Do you remember me?”
He waved at Venaz. The Minotaur shuffled behind Peki. Of course they recognized him.
“Of course, Honored Berr. Can we help you?”
