8.30
Page 24
Something—walked with the greatest Chieftain, leader of Merish’s tribe. Chieftain Xherw halted next to his [Shaman]. The Gnolls regarded each other, then turned as one to face the Raskghar.
The beasts of Liscor’s dungeon quailed. Thus, the Raskghar came to the Meeting of Tribes. Merish saw Garsine snarling, the implacable wariness of Iraz. The wary battle lust of the Woven Bladegrass Chieftain and her people.
Thereafter, he realized, the Meeting of Tribes could not be the same. He felt it in his bones as he looked for Viri. A calling back to war.
 
—-
 
The day the Raskghar arrived at the Meeting of Tribes caused chaos. Not productive chaos, mind you.
It reminded Krshia too much of how Liscor had dealt with the first attacks. A lot of condemnation, outrage, and unity—but no resolution. The tribes united against the Raskghar threat. Thereafter?
Splintered. The great meetings with the Chieftains were about to begin, and it became clear that the Raskghar issue, the tribes going to Chandrar, the Antinium, would be among the contentious issues discussed.
For instance, Az’muzarre wanted the Raskghar dead. They would execute them within seconds if they got their paws on them, which was why Az’muzarre wasn’t given responsibility to guard them. That fell to a joint task-force while the Raskghar’s fate was decided.
A lot of tribes wanted them dead, but the cool-headed ones wanted to know all there was to know first. One side effect of the Raskghar arriving was that it thrust Pallass into the limelight. The Walled City had as many grudges with and against the tribes as any Drake city, but this certainly helped their image. Then again—others wondered if this was a ploy, to distract the tribes.
Silverfang’s involvement with the Raskghar was far more of a net positive, and Krshia and Akrisa were invited to tribe after tribe to re-tell the story of the Raskghar raids.
That was how their tribe finally worked its way into the fore of the Meeting of Tribes, rubbing ears with even the biggest and best. And there were a lot of stronger tribes. Silverfang was good.
Compared to the legends of Gnolls, Krshia recalled they weren’t superior. But good.
Good…at what Silverfang did.
“Hrr. Are these Silverfang’s chief warriors? Well met.”
The Wild Wastes Chieftain looked the Gnolls armed with silver-alloy weapons up and down. They had no fancy names like the marsh guardians or shamanic warriors of other tribes, and were not a recognized class or force.
They were…[Silverarms Warriors]. As in, you literally carried silver. And presumably this helped with the stabbing or fighting.
It actually did, a bit. Silverfang’s warriors were quite good at fighting mage-barriers and the like. They were a reason no Drake city picked a fight with their tribe lightly.
On the other hand…the [Silverarms Warriors] stood behind Akrisa and Krshia and tried not to sweat as they eyed their counterparts from the Wild Wastes Tribe, a tribe known for their combat prowess.
[Barbarians]. [Berserkers]. Gnolls who somehow contrived to outweigh their Silverfang counterparts by sheer height or muscle, despite the armor the Silverfangs wore. The likes of Honored Berr, Berr the Berserker, were cut from the Wild Wastes Tribe.
Chieftain Perale was bare-chested, sitting in a loincloth to greet the Silverfang’s delegation. Akrisa, the technical junior in age as well as her tribe’s might, dipped her head slightly.
“Chieftain Perale, you honor us.”
“The honor is mine, Chieftain Akrisa. Please, share our fire and hospitality. Ah—what is this?”
