8.30
Page 45
He did not pry, but let Adetr and his people act as they would. Normally. Adetr was a protégé, and one of the best warriors, so his uncle was concerned. Adetr sat in a private meal in the Chieftain’s tent. His head was bowed. He did not touch his breakfast.
“Adetr.”
Iraz prompted after a few minutes had passed. Adetr finally looked up.
“Obsessed, Chieftain?”
His eyes—the flesh parts that remained—were bloodshot. Iraz wondered if his nephew had slept.
“Must I prohibit you from using your Skill? What are you fixated on?”
“I…cannot say, Chieftain. Not yet. I do not know. Give me leave to find out.”
“Will this cause trouble with other tribes?”
“Possibly.”
Adetr admitted. Iraz frowned.
“Why does it consume you so, Adetr?”
The Gnoll warrior took a long time in replying. At last, he looked at the Steelfur Chieftain.
“If I cause trouble, if I am obsessed, Chieftain. Let me. Let me do what I must. I leveled four times last night. As a [Battle Seeker]. I have a new Skill.”
Iraz slipped in pouring himself tea. He splashed tea all over his fur and stared at his nephew.
“Four times? How many Skills?”
Adetr’s eyes glinted.
“One. A good one. Chieftain. I climbed Mount Sernis this morning.”
The Chieftain went silent. Mount Sernis was well-known to him. It was a mountain where the Steelfur tribe was founded…eight hundred miles from here. Steelfur warriors honed their bodies and climbing skills there.
“I see. Can you take me there?”
Adetr shook his head.
“Not yet, Chieftain. May I go?”
Iraz stared at Adetr. The Gnoll was trembling.
“Go.”
 
—-
 
He was not actually there. But he could visit his home—and train. Even fight monsters and learn how to take advantage of the geography.
Adetr’s blood boiled. There were no people in his Skill. Not yet. He felt like the Skill was…incomplete.
Landscape. Did that mean if he grew more, if his other Skills combined, he could walk another nation, fight their people, all in his head? He had thought it was a class that might weaken him. Iraz felt so, sometimes. Now?
Adetr sought out Rose. His obsession made manifest.
The fifteenth time he won everything.
 
—-
 
Thirteen.
It was simple. Steelfur died en-masse. There was something in the skies. There were…things that shot across the air and destroyed everything in vast sections. The Humans even had a whirling thing that appeared twice out of the fifteen times and raked the Gnolls from above with some kind of weapon even more destructive than on the ground.
What was worse was that Adetr was sure, sure, by now that this was a skirmish. If you used his Skill on weaker members of a city or tribe, you got less of them. A [Chieftain] or leader? All their might.
Rose gave him a fraction of whatever army this was. Some kind of…patrol? Imagine tens of thousands of Humans like this.
They had no magic. That was how they died.
[Invisible], [Muffled]. Artifacts borrowed from his tribe’s armory. [Mage]’s artifacts. Adetr didn’t need to use them to ‘bring’ them into the simulation.
They weren’t idiots, these Humans. They knew he was there, but they let him study them. He let them win, and watched the rolling machines, listened, saw how their weapons worked.
Some kind of bow or crossbow. Not magic. It smells. Adetr stared at a Human, noting the odd helmet. Why not a face-guard? Why…cloth?
They knew he was here. They had some tools that were trying to pick him up. However, he had their weaknesses.
