8.30
Page 27
For Berr. The small Gnoll looked up, unafraid, though even his sons and the other Wild Wastes Gnolls were wary. He laid a paw on Solen’s shoulder.
“There is a way. I will teach you what you must know, Solen. Now…no. If you cannot wait, please excuse me, Honored Krshia. We will begin the first lesson.”
The man clutched at Berr’s paw, the light of hope in his eyes.
“Thank you, master.”
“Don’t call me that. I’m not…well, don’t call me that.”
Berr gently led the man away. Respectfully, the others watched and the two lesser [Berserkers] followed. Krshia was curious.
“They come to Honored Berr to teach them to master their tempers?”
She turned to his son. The Gnoll grinned.
“My father? Of course. He is calm. A rare thing in our class. This lot came from distant Terandria. That one—he killed his father in battle-rage.”
He nodded at Solen. Krshia was struck again, with sympathy, wariness—and also curiosity.
Now that she thought of it, she had never seen Berr lose his temper. Even in that fight with Inkar and the others, he had seemed like he was having fun. Even when the Raskghar came and half the Gnolls were in a frenzy—if she didn’t know his class, she would have never guessed it.
She went back to the discussions just in time to see Akrisa rise to her feet. Perale was standing too, and Krshia feared some offense had been given. But both Gnolls turned to her.
“Krshia. There she is.”
Akrisa pointed. A panting Gnoll turned to her. It was…Beilmark? She was supposed to be with the Silverfangs.
“What is wrong? Beilmark?”
The Senior Guardswoman looked at Krshia. She spoke, her voice ragged from sprinting here.
“Krshia. It’s Liscor! It’s Mrsha. She’s been kidnapped.”
 
—-
 
It was a game of catch-up. News travelled—but always too slowly. Krshia Silverfang and her tribe learned of the attack on Liscor after it had happened, after Mrsha had been kidnapped, too late. They reacted—but slowly.
In the same way, Wil Kallinad felt how far he was from the action when the call came for him. The Order of Seasons rode to war against Ailendamus, and he was far too far from his home kingdom to help if Pheislant had to fight.
Even this…he turned to Yerranola, limping along next to him.
“The Professor. I can’t believe he’s in trouble. Why’d he go to Izril alone? Isn’t he the one who always says ‘don’t take stupid risks’?”
She slowed, resting an arm against a tent pole. Wil felt bad and slowed, but Yerranola just kept walking after a moment. She was still…stiff in her body, which was something he had never seen in a Selphid. She bared her teeth at him; she had a Gnoll body to blend in.
“Maybe, but the Professor’s not always careful, Wil. This sounds like something he’d do—but are we going?”
“I don’t know. Let’s see what the others say.”
Wil kept on. He had received a communique from ‘home’, that was, the academy. No less than Professor Perorn had written to him. Him and the students here. Asking if they would join in…what?
She hadn’t specified. A search, or a rescue mission. Perhaps combat. Wil wasn’t an idiot. He knew that if she was reaching out to them, there might be trouble indeed for the Forgotten Wing Company. One of his classmates said that the entire academy was in a furor. Something was going down on Baleros.
And here they were, enjoying the Meeting of Tribes. Which was the point! Heal Yerranola, help/watch Feshi gain the approval of the other tribes, and enjoy themselves.
They had been doing just that, today. Wil and Yerranola arrived just in time to see what was, by now, a regular start to their day in the Meeting of Tribes.
Venaz losing.
