8.30
Page 22
A Gnoll was coming. Krshia stared past them and saw an honor-guard wearing curious armor escorting an elderly Gnoll. He was walking with help, but he slowed.
“Honored Deskie?”
Krshia jumped. She saw Deskie, the Longstalker Tribe’s great [Magical Weaver] behind her. Chieftain Eska was there. Deskie raised her own aged head.
“Is that you? Shedrkh?”
The Gnoll was so old he had gone to full-grey. But never white. His eyes had a trace of rheum and a Gnoll had to support him as he walked. No wonder he had not been seen like the other famous Gnolls. Yet his was a famous name as well. Krshia instantly ducked her head with the Gnolls around her and stepped back.
The two Gnolls met. Deskie joined Shedrkh, who gestured to his guard as they admitted her.
“Deskie, I am told terrible foes have returned. Come…I would not have the courage alone. Show me these ancient nightmares of our people.”
They moved on. Eska held back, but Chieftain Orelighn didn’t recognize the old Gnoll. He whispered to Krshia and Akrisa.
“Who was that?”
Both looked incredulously at the Greenpaw’s Chieftain.
“Didn’t you recognize him, Orelighn? Honored Shedrkh. The Keeper of Hides!”
Orelighn frowned; the name was familiar to him. He blinked, then focused on Shedrkh’s back.
“A [Tanner]?”
Krshia corrected Orelighn, almost about to slap him for his tone.
“A [Tanner] who made armor out of Kraken’s flesh. Who has made more leather out of Wyverns than a lesser [Tailor] has made cloth out of cotton.”
She pointed at his honor-guard. Some of them wore unfamiliar, leather-ish armor. Flexible as fish’s scales. Tough as…Orelighn’s eyes went huge.
“Do we go with them? Us?”
Akrisa’s partner, the [Shaman] Cetrule, wavered. He represented the Silverfang Tribe, but Krshia had to admit—she didn’t know if Akrisa fit, even being a Chieftain with these Gnolls.
“We go. We are Chieftains and you are my [Shaman]. Krshia, you are my sister. You fought these Raskghar. We belong.”
Gnolls turned to look at Krshia. Akrisa’s chin rose. A voice came from behind them.
“Yes. Silverfang and Liscor. You do belong. Let us go.”
The group of Gnolls turned. They fell back a step, but the Gnoll just walked towards Akrisa and nodded his head. Armor covered him, and he leaned on a strange polearm that Krshia had never seen before, despite being a [Shopkeeper].
“I have never seen such things, and I have walked every land in this world. If you know more, then come, Chieftain of the Silverfang Tribe. I would be honored to walk with you.”
The adventurer inclined his head. Akrisa stuttered.
“That—we are honored, Honored Gadiekh.”
She fell into step with him. Orelighn pointed wordlessly and Krshia nodded.
Gadiekh, the World-Pact Adventurer. The Named Adventurer who was unanimously given his rank by eighteen different nations.
One more great Chieftain joined the procession near Krshia. She too, was unmistakable.
“I am…sad. This day dawns again. Can no old horror ever truly be ended? My cousin should have been here to see it. Feshi, come. You must see them too.”
Krshia saw light. The dawn was still breaking, yet somehow, impossibly, light also shone down from the sky. The dark clouds overhead parted.
A Gnoll walked in the light.
The sun shone down around her. A beam of light that broke even rain and clouds apart and shone on her always.
Torishi. Chieftain of the Weatherfur Tribe. Next to her walked Feshi. They joined the Gnolls, who formed a semi-circle. The Raskghar in their cages snarled, eying the others. Sensing their power.
