8.30
Page 10
The wind dropped for a second, as if even here, the name alone had power. Merish shivered. He saw her, laughing, sweeping down and blasting the [Clown], before attacking 4th Wall. Xherw shook his head.
“I have seen great names, Merish. I have met Zel Shivertail, and Sserys of Liscor. I have even beheld the Centenium. I saw one die a final death during the Antinium Wars. I dream of them, sometimes. But the Death of Magic? That is an old legend. I grieve that it haunts your waking and sleep.”
Merish nodded.
“I am ashamed. I thought even if I met the Deathless on Rhir, I could stand against them. Fight. Now? I suppose this is what it is like to see a true story, not dream of it, Chieftain. It is—painful.”
He did not daydream about fighting the half-Elf, or even hurting Silvenia. He couldn’t picture it. Xherw touched Merish’s arm. The Gnoll started, but his [Chieftain] just shook his head.
“I do not mean to judge, no, Merish. You saw something I have not. Tidebreaker, even the Antinium are recent tales. The Death of Magic is the oldest of stories. Like a Dragon of ancient days reemerging, not the hatchlings who sometimes appear every few centuries.”
He stood there, arms folded, shaking his head. Merish listened as Xherw stared across the empty plains.
“I have lived three Meetings of Tribes. The [Chieftain] before me lived six. Six, Merish. And she told me that the elders when she was a cub said how small the Meeting of Tribes had become. Small. Look.”
He pointed back at the sprawling encampment. Merish looked, and couldn’t credit it himself. So many Gnolls, so many tribes.
Then he thought of the Death of Magic. Xherw nodded, knowing Merish’s thoughts.
“Old stories. I would like to see the Death of Magic gone for good, Merish, but part of me does not.”
“Chieftain? Why not?”
The Plain’s Eye Chieftain stood there, sighing.
“Dragons are dying out. Perhaps they are all dead already. For the best for them, yes. One could say the same of Giants—they made terrible war and sided with the Demons. Perhaps we say the same of Cyclopes when they go too, hm? Then there will only be nicknames, like that for Pallass’ Cyclops, Grand Strategist Chaldion. But each time they go—they become stories, and we forget they were real. We are an old tribe. If stories die out, do we lose our power too?”
Merish had no answer. That was a [Chieftain]’s dilemma. Xherw speaking of such things before Merish was an honor.
“Will you go back to Rhir?”
The [Chieftain] also saw through Merish. The Gnoll hunched his shoulders.
“I do not know, Chieftain. Viri is thinking of it. If he goes…I would go with him. If not?”
“I understand. Know this, Merish—you have done enough. You could stay with our tribe, and I would give you the position of [Chief Warrior] in any clan with an opening. Or a post among the warriors in the central tribe.”
“That is a great honor, Chieftain.”
Merish ducked his head. Xherw studied him.
“Perhaps it is not what you need, though. Ah, Merish. I come to you with my worries, not to help! I am sorry.”
“Not at all, Chieftain.”
The two Gnolls stood there in the darkness a while. Merish’s ears perked up. He glanced sideways.
Voices? Xherw had heard it too. He looked to the side and three [Shamanic Warriors], like Merish, the elite of the Plain’s Eye Tribe, appeared out of the darkness.
Xherw’s bodyguards after all. One nodded to Merish and Xherw.
“The Gnoll, Kerikool, is asking to see you, Chieftain.”
“Again? Tell him later.”
