8.30
Page 28
There were worse ways to start your day. Of course, Venaz could later ruin it by being surly or challenging you—or denying he’d lost, but a good Venaz-defeat put a smile on Wil’s face, even now. There was something about the Minotaur’s superior attitude that invited it.
Only he’d consistently choose to lose like this, as well. The Minotaur lay face-down in the mud. He came to after a second.
“Eight losses each morning. What will it be tomorrow, Minotaur?”
An amused voice called out. One of the Gnolls watching, a tall one even by the standards of their kind, chortled. Venaz sat up, blinking.
“Easy—you idiot.”
Merrik and Peki hurried forwards. They checked Venaz, but he wasn’t concussed—just knocked out. He swigged a bit of healing potion, spat out some blood, and looked around.
“Chess. Chess tomorrow, again. I nearly had the timing right.”
“Sure you did.”
Merrik rolled his eyes. The Gnolls laughed. But it was the tallest of them, the giant who’d laid Venaz low with a single punch, who bent down.
“I do not see the desire behind your actions, Venaz of the House of Minos. I hope I did not hurt you?”
If there was anything to wound the Minotaur’s pride…he took the paw slowly, and was effortlessly lifted to his feet. Wil stopped as the second-tallest Gnoll in the entire Meeting of Tribes lifted Venaz up.
Gireulashia Ekhtouch and some members of her tribe surrounded Venaz, as tall, or taller than the Minotaur. Superior Gnolls…bred to be superior. And Gireulashia herself was the best among them.
A [Paragon]. Venaz spat again, a bit of blood landing on the ground. He bowed slightly to the female Gnoll, and snapped.
“I am not hurt, Honored Gireulashia. But I insist on another try! Tomorrow. If you are willing, of course.”
She nodded. Wil stared up at her. Magnificent red-brown fur, nine feet tall, and strong enough to knock a Minotaur flat with a punch—she was an Ekhtouch among Ekhtouch.
“I still fail to see the point, Honored Venaz. I am using my Skill. [Superiority Made Manifest]. By definition, all that you do shall be inferior to my action.”
“I know. And yet—I deny it! I will best your Skill.”
Venaz ground his teeth together and winced; her punch had knocked something loose. Wil shook his head as he joined the party.
“Are you still trying to prove you can best her in some way, Venaz?”
The Minotaur had tried for eight days straight to beat the [Paragon]’s Skill. It had been throwing yesterday, a game of chance the day before…he harrumphed at Wil.
“You’re late. You should have seen the punch I threw so you could analyze it. I had my guard up—”
“She punched him silly. Nothing to see, just hilarity.”
Peki announced. The [Martial Artist] demonstrated.
“Straight punch. Venaz could have done better.”
“It was a classic punch.”
“I can throw a better one.”
The Garuda mocked the taller, heavier Minotaur. Venaz growled, but didn’t dare Peki to prove it; she was the best hand-to-hand fighter there, with the possible exception of Gireulashia.
“Until tomorrow, Venaz. Greetings, Wil Kallinad, Yerranola.”
She bowed slightly and strode away, as the Ekhtouch fell into a kind of procession around her. Gnolls turned to stare as the [Paragon] departed.
“I don’t know why she humors you, Venaz.”
Merrik grumbled. He massaged his neck from staring up at all the tall Gnolls. Venaz shrugged.
“She respects Feshi’s tribe. I have to prove I can beat her Skill. The implications of a Skill just…exceeding someone? Could she do it to the Professor?”
“Maybe. That’s why she’s the Ekhtouch’s pride. It’s a great Skill. No matter who appears—she can best them.”
