8.30
Page 18
The lights had gone out, but countless torches and fires remained. In this place, though, it was dark. There was just the central light, from the blazing fire.
A few Gnolls stood together. Merish recognized the [Shaman] in front of the fire.
This was a Plain’s Eye event. It was…music.
The Gnolls made sound at first, finding places to sit or stand. The talk died down quickly, and the crackling fire filled the night. The [Shaman] spoke then, into the darkness, to the gathered group.
“Gnolls from across Izril, we are honored by your presence. We have had great [Singers] and heard tales of [Bards] on other nights. [Storytellers], [Shamans] reciting great tales. Today? Nothing so dramatic. Let us…simply sing. The old songs. Together. To lead us is [Singer] Ecleif.”
She gestured at a young Gnoll, who bowed slightly. He looked nervous, but he would not be alone.
Viri stood on his staff to watch, but solemn, eyes shining in the darkness. Next to him, Yelroan smiled and helped Sveha and Ikl stand on the shoulders of the adults—Khaze’s husband, Inir had joined them, but all were silent in this moment.
Merish found himself standing alone, as it began. He had missed the name of the song, but it didn’t matter. As soon as he heard the tune, he knew what it was.
There were some songs every Plains Gnoll knew. Passed from tribe to tribe, old to young, generation after generation.
It began with humming. A growling sound, from deep in the throat. Crooning Gnolls of every pitch. A rumbling buzz that filled the night and sky. Ikl and Sveha listened, wonderingly. So many voices, providing a backdrop.
Then Ecleif began. He sang at first, but a second later, dozens, hundreds of Gnolls joined in. Anyone who wanted to sing, could. Most, like Merish, just hummed, following the tune.
“So when my fur calls me to Igawiz’s Jet…”
Ecleif’s voice was strong and rang across the crowd. The other voices swelled, a powerful chorus. The song…Merish knew it. It was the same song that had called him to Rhir. A desire to go beyond Izril’s shores.
A beautiful song. A melancholy song if you listened to the words. They called it…
 
Great Plains Sing
 
So when my fur calls me to Igawiz’s Jet
To seek my people’s kingdom in that distant jungle land
Oh, finding the glade where the Queen of Gnolls still lies
And find the heart of stories my [Shaman] sang to me.
 
Race across the wilds where [Explorers] feared to go
Continents apart in which the Gnollish people died
To howl and greet their bones, to tell them we remain
One day we’ll reclaim lands as yet untamed.
 
So when my fur calls me across the Kraken’s Pass
To follow Garlen the Explorer over The Last Tide 
Seeking mountains in the High Passes never climbed
And find the heart of stories my [Shaman] sang to me.
 
[Adventurers] long past call upon distant winds to me
Chieftain Seru’nial took her tribe beyond the clouds
The Gnolls who passed their years o’er and under land and sky
So not a patch of grass could say it never had seen Gnolls…
 
And on the song went on. Verses of Gnolls who had gone beyond the continent they all stood on. Tales of when their people had spread across the world.
Merish felt his fur rising. He felt…connected. A part of the mass of Gnolls around him. As far as he had gone—he was still a Plains Gnoll.
He looked around. Viri was listening, eyes wide, to the Gnolls of many tribes singing. A sound he might never hear again in his life. Sveha and Ikl were experiencing it for the first time.
Khaze held her partner, singing loud and clear.
