8.30
Page 8
The writing was neat, cursive, and Merish had found it hard to read at first. Yet he’d read it so many times he could recite the letter by heart.
Captain Shellc. No—hadn’t he been promoted? Merish’s finger traced down the letter.
Ah, yes. It said here. [Swordgrace Major] Shellc. Merish stared at the letter and thought about it again.
If you choose to come back…
Would that be for the best? He had leveled too, even if he hadn’t changed his class. Their reward for surviving the massacre was to level faster than anyone else. Merish had left, to come back home. Perhaps he would leave? What would Khaze and his family say?
Merish folded the letter. Then he went to wake up Viri. It was just a hunch—but it proved to be correct.
The day after seeing the lights-show, Viri did not emerge from his guest-tent beaming and smiling like normal. He was thrashing in his sheets, crying out. Merish heard him even before he pushed back the thick fabric. Viri was shouting in his sleep, like Merish.
“Call the charge, Uxel! Uxel! Where are—”
His face was twisted up, and his legs were kicking. Both legs—the whole one and the stump. Merish reached down.
“Viri. You’re dreaming. Viri—”
He touched the little Lizardman and Viri’s eyes opened wide. He looked at Merish and cried out.
“Demon!”
He slept with his staff by his side. The little staff blurred.
Viri struck at Merish three times with his staff in a fraction of a second, so fast the Gnoll couldn’t block the third blow. Merish stumbled, his head ringing with the impact. Viri dragged himself up—then, like Merish—came back.
“Merish? I—Nagas—”
He reached out, but Merish waved him away.
“I’m fine. You were having a nightmare.”
“I…was.”
Viri swayed—then fell over. He stared at his missing leg. Then he curled up.
“I’m sorry, Merish. Can—can you leave me alone for a moment?”
Merish nodded. Without a word, he backed up and left the tent. He heard Viri crying before he swung the flaps closed.
What a wonderful day in the Meeting of Tribes.
Merish stood in the darkness, shoulders hunched. Head bowed. He waited for something—for Viri to emerge. For something to happen.
It was someone else who came to find him. Merish’s head rose. He saw someone walk towards him, straightened, and then dipped his head.
“Chieftain.”
Merish did not kneel or bow, but he was surprised. This was not his clan’s leader, but the [Chieftain] of the Plain’s Eye Tribe.
Chieftain Xherw smiled. One of the greatest [Chieftains] of Gnolls here or anywhere walked forwards, out of the night. No bodyguards or escort—not among his tribe.
“Merish. I hoped to speak with you. Is now a bad time?”
He could hear Viri too. Merish hesitated, then stepped away.
“No, [Chieftain]. Of course not. Is something wrong?”
“Not with the tribe, Merish. Walk with me.”
Xherw gestured, and Merish fell into step with him, walking through the camp. He looked at Xherw, sidelong.
The Gnoll had dark fur, almost black, but with faint lines of silver breaking the uniform fur. He was not as tall as Merish, and he was certainly far older. Twice Merish’s thirty three years, nearly.
He wore a [Chieftain]’s garb. Lightweight, free clothing, like most Plains Gnolls wore, but ancient cloth, still perfectly maintained by magic. Practically relics unto themselves; the Raiment of the Plains. They were decorated with motifs of their tribe, and the cloth was probably stronger than Vorn’s steel plate had been.
