8.30
Page 6
Away the pepper flew. Viri chased after it, brought it back, and didn’t seem to understand what would happen next if he handed it to Sveha. The little Gnoll girl forgot her tantrum and began laughing in delight as the little Lizardman grew increasingly more dismayed.
“Don’t throw it away again!”
“The poor pepper! Oh no!”
“Nagas help me! She’s gone mad! She’s throwing my pepper! Merish, stop her!”
 
—-
 
By the time they got back, Sveha was panting from laughing too hard. Khaze laughed herself as Ikl waved at them.
“I was told you got rid of some Herthee, Merish? Good job! Remember when your tongue looked like a slug? Sveha! Are you making poor Uncle Viri chase after your pepper?”
“I don’t mind, Miss Khaze!”
The Lizardman hopped over, a huge smile on his face. She looked at him appreciatively.
“You are so good with cubs.”
Everyone liked Viri. The cheerful little [Longstick Jumper] had ingratiated himself into the tribe on the first day he’d met them. Khaze took Merish’s basket.
“Ooh, you found saffron? Well done. Lyepeppers—Sveha, stop throwing that.”
The Gnoll girl looked disappointed that the game was over, but she hopefully stared at the cooking station set up. Breakfast was going to be more special than the regular; Khaze was chopping up some of the findings and preparing a pot. She gestured at the table.
“Put everything on there and we’ll see what else we can put in. We have some goat…I just need to make a fine stew around it. How do tomatoes sound? Tomatoes and…where are my spices?”
She looked around. Merish set the basket down as Sveha whined.
“I want beef.”
“Goat is fine. Don’t whine, Sveha.”
Her mother, exasperated, looked at Merish.
“Children. She complains about the type of meat, never mind that we get it every breakfast.”
The [Shamanic Warrior] felt his lips move up. He smiled, for the first time that day.
“As I recall, Khaze, you used to throw beef jerky on the ground because it was ‘too salty’.”
She blushed under her fur.
“I was just—”
Boom. Merish saw a flash out of the corner of his eye as he heard a sound. Viri screamed.
“Spell—”
The [Shamanic Warrior] whirled. He looked up and saw an unnatural flash cross the heavens. A spell. An attack.
Lights fell down from the sky.
A second dawn; a false one, tricking the defenders of 5th Wall into believing they had survived the night of Demons.
It only brought oblivion as Merish looked up, seeing the Demon soldiers fade to nothing and realizing he had battled an army of ghosts. His companions, friends fallen to a…spell.
It took Cirille as he watched. A flash from above, something hidden beyond the clouds. Then she and everyone around her were gone. That brave Drake who had led them—gone in a second. Before she even saw their foe’s face.
The Death of Magic.
“Merish. Merish!”
For a second, the voices were intermingled, the shouting from his warriors—Merish was on 5th Wall. Then—he was back in reality.
He came to his senses. The Gnoll was panting raggedly. He heard Khaze’s voice, shocked.
“Merish?”
Merish was crouched behind the upended food preparation table, the hard-gathered ingredients lying on the ground, utensils and dishes overturned.
Gnolls gathered around cooking fires were staring. Viri was flat on the ground. Everyone else, from Khaze to Ikl and his clan were just…looking at Merish. He straightened, then flinched as another boom echoed in the air. He turned to see the flash—
