8.30
Page 50
He hesitated. The Gnoll wanted to talk to other Chieftains he respected this instant, after questioning Adetr. Akrisa saved him.
“They will know soon enough, Chieftain Iraz. Perhaps—consider this a gift in advance. We will consider no harm done, if Steelfur will agree to present this issue first among the Meeting of Tribes, along with the issue of Raskghar and perhaps one other.”
She locked eyes with Krshia. Iraz thought about that.
“That is…exceptionally kind, Chieftain Akrisa. I accept.”
It was. Steelfur had the power to press to ‘hear’ one of the myriad issues before all the tribes first, and if he threw his power behind Ekhtouch and the others, they had a chance of beating even Plain’s Eye. Given what he had learned, he agreed wholeheartedly. If they wanted to tack on a personal Silverfang matter—it was a cheap concession.
“I will keep the news private as I may, and I would like to speak to…Rose, and Inkar.”
“Of course. Will you take tea and discuss it? There is much to say.”
They were eager to make allies of him. Iraz hesitated, but demurred.
“I shall return tonight. First—I must calm down Adetr. Chieftain Akrisa, Eska, I have one last request.”
They gazed at him. Iraz would learn, talk to others, and decide what was best. But first…he looked at Rose.
“If I can ensure he is calm, would you consent to talk to Adetr? I could have all of my best [Warriors] ensuring he is restrained. Whatever works.”
“Me? He wants to talk to me?”
“Yes, I think. It would…calm him. I know I ask for much, Chieftains.”
Akrisa exchanged a glance with Eska and her sister.
“It is up to Rose.”
“I—if he doesn’t charge me, I guess? W-why? I didn’t do anything, he just saw…what he saw.”
Rose was still unclear on that. Iraz nodded.
“I am sure he has many questions, Miss Rose. I only ask that you talk to him, that you might reassure him.”
“About what…?”
“Your world. He saw war, Miss Rose. Greatest war. That is the flaw of his Skill, and his fault, of course, but still.”
Iraz turned.
“…I have never seen him that terrified.”
He walked off, as the secret of Earth spread. Iraz went to find Adetr. Then—as soon as he could, he would talk to Chieftain Xherw of the Plain’s Eye tribe. He was not sure he had the wisdom to know what should happen next.
 
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes:
It’s me! p-pirateaba. Did you remember me?
I’m off my break! It’s been a nice two weeks. Really, I realized how tired I was about halfway through it. Breaks are good. Breaks are important. But I am back!
I wrote a lot. Not all of the chapter I intended to, but I’m getting back into grove. I can tell you next chapter MIGHT be the edited chapter. I have the letter, I have the notes, and I’ll be working on it…
If I can’t get it done by Saturday, I’ll write a chapter and release it whenever the chapter is good. Either way, though, I have lots of energy so I’ll be writing all month and probably take my monthly break early August and go from there. So it’s chapters! Writing!
Relc? Well, we’ll see what the future holds. Hope you enjoyed the chapter and let’s get into it.
…I could still use a 3-year break. But that’s probably called ‘retirement’.
 
 
Nutball, Sariant Lambs, and Pirate (not me, Pirate), by Kalmia the [Threadweaver]!
                                                                                                     
 
Sun, Seborn the [Pirate], Pawn and Erin, and more by LeChat!


DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/demoniccriminal
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
Stash: https://sta.sh/222s6jxhlt0


