8.30
Page 23
They recognized Krshia. One actually pointed at her, howling what might have been an insult in their tongue, and she saw countless heads swing her way. Krshia stared at the Raskghar.
Now they see you. Can you overcome our people at their strength? I think…not.
She felt safer here than she had in Liscor, even with Chaldion and the army. Krshia bared her teeth. Then she felt the world tremble.
Something was walking. Krshia’s head slowly turned. The snarling Raskghar fell silent. They looked up—then tried to squeeze back against the bars. The Pallassian [Commander] gulped.
The Gaarh Marsh Tribe’s greatest guardian was moving. The huge thing that you could mistake for a hill, so still it had been. Now, it walked.
It rose above them all, even the Rocs and Garsine Wallbreaker. A figure of earth and swamps. The greatest power of the old world.
Earth Elemental.
 
—-
 
Merish felt the thing with each step. He gazed up at the Gaarh Marsh’s protector. He saw the Earth Elemental stop.
The great elemental was not shaped like a Gnoll, or a humanoid, really. It was too squat. Yet it had limbs. He had heard tell there were smaller ones in times past, and they could change shape.
That they were intelligent was also a given; the Earth Elementals, like Treants of old, were great, natural protectors. Guardians of nature, which could doom cities if roused to wrath.
All that Merish knew. Yet, as the living piece of earth halted, Gnolls moved back, wary, like people around an unpredictable animal.
They underestimated it. Merish did too. For he saw a line split across the Earth Elemental’s body. Not where a mouth would be on a regular creature; along its belly.
Yet it was a mouth. It moved. The Earth Elemental pointed one limb at the Raskghar.
It spoke.
“RASKGHAR.”
Merish heard the emotion in that single word. Wrath, fury—an implacable hatred that reached back far past the days he had been born—all delivered in the immortal tones of grinding earth, the very squelch of mud, the shifting of the firmament itself.
The monsters flinched at that. The Earth Elemental walked forwards further, raising a huge limb. The Gaarh Marsh tribe ran around it, trying to calm its wrath.
Was it going to slaughter them? Merish didn’t think even Garsine could stop this great creature’s wrath. The Raskghar flinched, almost resigned to their fate.
They could have died in that moment, surrounded by so many Gnolls feeling the ancient grudge amplify the old stories and nightmares carried among the tribes. The Earth Elemental was moving, the Gnolls tensed.
Then a howl disrupted the Elemental’s movement. It slowed, and the last great tribe appeared. Merish began to walk forwards, following the first Gnoll as he walked through the ranks of the [Shamanic Warriors].
The [Shaman] stared ahead with mismatched eyes. He had removed the eye patch that normally covered the unnatural eye. He walked forwards, and the Raskghar focused on him. Then looked away.
They couldn’t help it.
The Plain’s Eye [Shaman] of [Shamans], greatest of them all, advanced, his eyes unwavering. Gaze into the eyes of the Shaman of the Eternal Grassland. The Raskghar shuddered. For his eyes recognized them. His eyes had seen Raskghar before.
One eye had.
The [Shaman] stopped, and the last figure approached. Merish felt him coming. A familiar feeling. He straightened, and locked eyes with the Gnoll as he passed by for a moment. He saw the lips move, the words unspoken, but there.
Old stories, Merish.
