8.30
Page 16
Merish laughed. Yelroan looked at him over his spectacles.
“Merish. I can calculate anything.”
The [Shamanic Warrior] blinked. Yelroan held the gaze, serious as could be. It reminded Merish of the time he’d shown his friend the true power of his Skill. Probability. Calculation. If you gave a Skill to that?
Then Yelroan crossed his arms and did a pose.
“Math!”
The moment ended. Merish put his friend in a headlock and laughed.
 
—-
 
The moment Viri saw Yelroan, he was awestruck.
“That is the coolest Gnoll I have ever seen!”
Yelroan posed in front of Ikl and Sveha, who stared at him open-mouthed. Merish was much amused.
“Sveha, Ikl, you don’t remember Yelroan?”
“Mother says we shouldn’t copy him.”
Ikl piped up. Yelroan laughed and swept back his dyed hair. His glasses caught the light and flashed.
“My eyes!”
Someone screamed and toppled from a ladder. Merish hurried the group off.
The Meeting of Tribes was brighter to Merish. Or maybe it was Yelroan plus Viri and the children. Khaze met them, sighing at Yelroan, but she embraced him.
“You don’t visit us at all, Yelroan. Not that we see you in the central clan apart from gatherings like this.”
“I’m often busy. Besides, I heard what your partner thinks of me.”
Khaze coughed, and Merish wondered what her husband, Inir, did think of Yelroan. The Gnoll was occupied with the tribe’s job all day, at any rate, so there was no conflict.
“Ah, the tribes! What shall we do, now we’re all together, like when we were cubs?”
Khaze looked around. Yelroan glanced at Merish, but the Gnoll had no preference. Viri gestured at the festival-section, which had lots of games, some of which you spent money on.
“We’ve been playing games all day! I uh, spent some money. Want to play? And pay?”
Sveha and Ikl tugged the older Gnolls over to some of the games. Many were indeed free, and prizes were given out to winners; it was the Meeting of Tribes, not just a place for [Merchants].
However, there was money to be made anywhere there were this many Gnolls, and they’d already wrung Viri dry. He pointed accusatorially at one booth.
“Look at that!”
It was a variation of a game many cultures had—a guessing game. Some Gnoll, a clever [Craftswoman], or expert in string or just games, had created a huge ball of thread, with multiple outlets. Pull the right string of the dozens upon dozens dangling there, and you got to win whatever it was connected to!
Predictably, the cost of a pull was only three coppers while the prizes were worth much more. A fabulous little Centaur doll that made Sveha’s eyes go round, a sharp dagger…Viri had tried multiple times and refused to tell Merish how much he’d lost.
Yelroan glanced at the stall, amused. Merish agreed to try and stared at the string. His [Shamanic Warrior] class let him see and interact with magic, so he tried to use that to his advantage.
One string looked magical…and there were a few magical strings connected to the winning prizes. He pulled the magical string.
Nothing happened. The owner of the game smirked slightly and Merish knew it had been a lure. Sighing, he watched as Khaze refused to play.
“What about you, Yelroan?”
The others glanced at Yelroan. He raised a paw.
“I’ll pass.”
Merish frowned, but thought no more of it. They went on, dragging Viri away from the ‘one more time’ game. Merish actually did manage to win some snacks when he pitched a bola around a target, more from luck than skill, and gave some spicy crackers to Ikl and Viri. He saw horse races in the distance, which you could bet on, competitions of strength…
