8.30
Page 21
“Who is that? What kind of—she looks like a bear herself. What kind of class turns you into that?”
One of the Gnolls didn’t recognize her—or couldn’t put name to the truth. Merish knew her. Someone else breathed, a [Huntress] who lowered the bow she had been clutching.
“[Racdelbear Shapechanger]. That’s…Garsine. Wallbreaker. I thought she was dead.”
The Gnoll who had broken the walls of six Drake cities came to a halt, in front of the Az’muzarre tribe, facing the Raskghar in cages. The [Shaman] tried to give an order and Garsine looked at her.
The [Shaman] fell silent.
Merish heard a familiar howl among the others. A muster-call from the Plain’s Eye tribe. He began to push towards it. It was for [Shamanic Warriors]. Before he got there, he saw another group emerge.
Gnolls. Each one was tall. They were akin to him—he stopped as he saw the first wave of them appear. He smelled them too. When he saw them, Merish knew in an instant who they were.
Each Gnoll looked to be covered in muck. Mud, detritus of nature. A swamp’s coating. They were practically masked in it, from head to toe. They left a trail behind them. As if the swamp had come to life itself.
“[Marsh-Guardians of Gaarh]. The Gaarh Marsh Tribe’s greatest warriors.”
Behind their tribe, Merish thought he saw the hill, the living embodiment of their tribe itself moving. Then he heard the howl and moved.
 
—-
 
Gnolls looked around as the Steelfur Tribe’s [Warriors] began to march towards the Raskghar. They joined Gaarh Marsh—and then other tribes.
[Shamanic Warriors] of the Plain’s Eye Tribe. The Woven Bladegrass’ fierce warriors.
Krshia Silverfang had come to a halt when the Raskghar arrived. She remembered them and their horror, and was thus less affected by seeing them than the other Gnolls who had never glimpsed such things. She saw the Gnolls stream forwards. Not just Az’muzarre, or new heroes of Gnollkind like Lehra.
Summoned by the word of these monsters from myth, older than even stories of the Death of Magic, older than Demons, all the Gnolls were coming.
Honored Berr strode forwards with Wild Waste [Berserkers] and [Barbarians], bare-chested, not smiling, their weapons already drawn. Next to him strode giants, not as tall as Garsine, but taller than any other.
“The Ekhtouch Tribe.”
Krshia recognized them instantly. The Gnolls in the crowd were calming, recognizing the greatest tribes. One pointed.
“Who is that?”
A Gnoll strode along, the second-tallest Gnoll but for Garsine. Taller than the other Ekhtouch!
“That must be…Gireulashia Ekhtouch. Their [Paragon].”
Krshia started. She saw her sister by her side. Chieftain Akrisa had come, with the other Chieftains and [Shamans]. She moved past Krshia, towards Garsine.
The other Gnolls were coming to a halt next to her, facing the Raskghar.
The legends of Gnolls. Next to Chieftain Iraz marched a Gnoll whose entire body was metal, not just his fur. Even his skin underneath looked like moving metal.
Adetr Steelfur, nephew of the Chieftain of the Steelfur clan. Inheritor of the same will that had created his tribe.
He looked like a statue of a Gnoll cast in metal come to life. His teeth, his claws…all but his eyes were metal. And even the eyes…the whites had turned to iron or something like them. Only the pupils looked like flesh.
The ranks of Steelfur parted. Krshia, moving towards the front with Akrisa, saw even the other tribes stop. Steelfur Gnolls looked back and moved aside.
