8.30
Page 12
“I actually have someone to call upon, Viri. I will catch you later—don’t buy sweets for Sveha and Ikl with your money.”
“No promises! Sveha, are you good at tossing things? Want to show me?”
Viri bounced away, Sveha clinging to his leg and shrieking with delight. The Lizardman was watched by a bunch of Gnolls, shaking their heads at the odd sight. Merish smiled. Then—he went to call on his friend.
 
—-
 
Merish had friends. It occurred to him he had not prevailed on any of them since returning. Now, with Xherw giving him energy, he tried to make amends.
They were glad to see him, mostly. Some weren’t sure what to say, but Merish was a [Warrior], and thus many of his comrades just clapped him on the back, avoided talking about Rhir. He knew Gnolls from many clans in the Plain’s Eye Tribe, and did a circuit of the entire camp for four hours.
Four hours of straight walking and he didn’t clear the Plain’s Eye camp. That was how large it was. Merish actually called on the power in his markings to relieve the exhaustion in his legs. He greeted a fellow [Shamanic Warrior], Ghamen, and the two Gnolls stood a while.
“Anything interesting happening where you are?”
“Aside from the clan wanting more [Hunters]? Or in the Meeting of Tribes?”
Ghamen leaned on his spear, then shrugged.
“Ah, well, I heard my sister kissed Lehra Ruinstrider.”
“…Huh. And?”
“That’s something. Not everyone can be visited by the Chieftain!”
Ghamen slapped Merish on the shoulder, pretend-irritably. He grinned.
“Aside from that, I wish you’d been there in a competition yesterday. Twenty eight of our [Shamanic Warriors] engaged in a brawl with other tribes’ warriors.”
“A fight?”
“No…an organized thing. You know, to show how good we are? Just fists. Not weapons. Disappointed some of the tribes, but we’ve had too many injuries already.”
“So a tournament.”
“It looked like a brawl, yes? I was in it. We did pretty well, of course. But Steelfur? It’s like punching chainmail. And some of those tribes…well, all the regular [Warriors] were easy targets.”
Merish smiled. The tribes were competitive, and [Shamanic Warriors] like Ghamen and himself considered themselves to be the best of all. He inquired after about ten minutes.
“I have to keep going, Ghamen. My friend, Viri, can’t be left alone or he spends all his gold on my niece and nephew.”
“Of course. We will see each other another night. I am glad you are not as gloomy as before.”
Ghamen nodded, and Merish smiled.
“Me too. Here is hoping the Chieftain’s touch lasts a while. But Ghamen—do you know where Yelroan is? I think he would be at the Meeting of Tribes, yes?”
Ghamen snorted.
“Yelroan? Try the central camps. I forgot…well, he’s certainly here. Tell him…no, just have fun meeting with him.”
Merish bade farewell to his friend and headed for the center of the Plain’s Eye camp.
[Warriors], [Scouts], [Hunters], [Rangers], [Trappers], and so on. Warrior-friends, and childhood friends in various non-combat roles. All were part of the Plain’s Eye Tribe, in various levels and positions. Merish realized—he was above them all in status. Especially after leveling and surviving Rhir.
And all of them, even Merish, had a class that was not unique to the tribe. They had many [Shamanic Warriors], even though it was a higher-level class. Every role overlapped, and Gnolls could occupy any place within the tribe. You were only expelled if you truly could not fit in; there were places for the solitary, the grumpy, and the odd.
