8.30
Page 49
“It will change everything. Firrelle, Firrelle. They said you could make things move with harnessed electricity. If that is so, you could make a horse out of metal and wood! You could do what great enchantments do without needing levels!”
Gire piped up. She fell silent as her Chieftain looked at her warningly, but she saw what might be.
Iraz only knew what Adetr had insisted on telling him. Weapons that spat metal a hundred times faster than arrows. Great armored war-vehicles that could kill even Adetr in a single strike.
“It is not here yet. These are travellers from Earth, Chieftains. They are our gift. Soon, all the Chieftains will know this secret. We will decide as one people what will happen. But…it must be the right decision. That you know is concerning. I had hoped to have an accord before then.”
“On what will be done?”
“About the other world. About the children who appear across this world. Unity, Chieftain Iraz. Longstalker’s Fang, who has adopted Inkar, Silverfang, who knows of more such children, and Greenpaw, who have relics of their land, all stand together. We will gather them, protect them, and learn. Prepare, perhaps, to make ties with a world apart.”
Chieftain Akrisa looked at him. Iraz shifted. Firrelle glanced at him, and he kept his thoughts inside.
What if this world fights like Adetr saw? He fought two hundred to our tribe’s death fifteen times. He never won; he only saw them destroy him a different way at the end.
“I like them. If Ekhtouch does nothing, we refuse to act on a matter that will invariably force itself. Therefore, we should act or oppose and since they have done nothing wrong, Firrelle…”
“Gireulashia! Be silent!”
The [Paragon] sat up, flushing, as Ekhtouch’s Chieftain scolded her, scandalized. She almost shrank and the elegant speech broke off. She was a child then—until her spine stopped bending.
“I am Honored Gireulashia. Ekhtouch’s [Paragon]. I say it so, Chieftain, and this is my word.”
“You are still young. I said be silent while I think!”
The room fell silent as the two engaged in a battle of wills. Firrelle seemed surprised at Gire’s adamancy. Gire’s eyes slowly narrowed. The two traded looks—then, of all things, Gire reached out and poked her Chieftain in the side. The Ekhtouch Chieftain recoiled and swatted at her, but Gire poked her again, and again, her paw darting quickly.
The others in the tent stared at the odd display. Firrelle moved faster, trying to block Gire with both paws now, but she was too slow. Gire began poking her harder, until she was practically shoving Firrelle off the cushion, never changing her narrow-eyed expression.
Rose nearly snickered, but fell silent. Firrelle eventually snapped.
“Alright! Alright! Stop poking me! If that is the wisdom of the greatest of Ekhtouch, so be it!”
She turned to the others.
“My…Honored Gireulashia, who has the wisdom of her blood and nature in her, declares your tribe and mission worthwhile. Ekhtouch stands with you. We must learn more—”
Another poke. Firrelle twitched, and went on.
“But we will join our influence to yours.”
Iraz stared. He knew Gire was fifteen. Firrelle listened to her?
Then again—she was Ekhtouch, and Gire was the ‘greatest’ of them. It was an astounding display of another tribe’s politics and decision-making.
He…wished he hadn’t seen that. But then all eyes turned to him.
“And you, Chieftain Iraz?”
He hesitated.
“I will keep what I have learned secret, Chieftains. I cannot promise Steelfur will join your tribes. But I swear I will keep…”
