8.30
Page 48
But someone had knocked him down. How? Iraz panted.
“Who stopped Adetr?”
A Gnoll moved. He turned and saw Senior Guardswoman Beilmark. She flexed her paw and shook it out. There were great wars, and Skills, and battles you could dream of. Reality?
Adetr had never been arrested by the Watch.
“[Immobilizing Touch].”
She explained.
 
—-
 
Chieftain Iraz sat with Chieftain Akrisa, Eska, Orelighn, and the Chieftain of the Ekhtouch Tribe, Chieftain Firrelle.
Steelfur, Longstalker’s Fang, Silverfang, Ekhtouch…and Greenpaw.
Greenpaw definitely didn’t fit. You could sort of make the connection with the other tribes, given some variance in fortunes, specialties, and their great Gnolls, but not Greenpaw.
Yet here they were. Adetr was not present, but Gireulashia was. Iraz would have liked his nephew here as instigator of this mess, but Adetr was so worked up, Iraz had told his Steelfur warriors to sit on him until he calmed down, or pin him under a boulder or something.
At last, Iraz broke the silence.
“I must apologize again for Adetr’s behavior. It is…rude for him to use his Skill like he does. He is young, and it does not bother most if they even notice it. I am ashamed.”
“Young Gnolls do what they do out of youth, rudeness or not.”
Firrelle offered. She glanced at Gire, and the huge [Paragon] hung her head; she was so tall she threatened to touch the tip of Akrisa’s tent with her head.
“Nevertheless, it seems that while two tribes have given offense, both incidents were because of our Humans. Perhaps we have been careless. Do not apologize overmuch, Chieftain Iraz. You cannot control every Gnoll perfectly.”
Chieftain Akrisa lifted a paw, and Iraz was grateful. He nodded to her; they said Silverfang’s Chieftain had a silver tongue to match, and she had not been found wanting.
“I ah—don’t hold any ill will against the Steelfur tribe. Or Ekhtouch. But if the secrets are out…”
Chieftain Orelighn didn’t have Akrisa’s reserve or gift of gab. He was nervous at having two powerful tribes here. Technically they had offended the others, but offense could turn to retribution if not handled right.
Iraz was not that kind of Chieftain, but he bowed slightly to Orelighn.
“It is our mistake. Adetr’s mistake. He will be punished, but it seems we have…”
He trailed off. How did you even say it? We have stumbled upon a secret that may change this world forever?
We have learned of weapons Adetr claims could wipe my entire tribe out in a moment if used?
We have seen artifacts that run on no magic, that come from a land only Humans inhabit by the billions?
He had been told, of course, as had Firrelle. They had to be. Adetr had seen too much through his Skill. Gire? She was too intelligent. Inkar had let her touch the iPhone by mistake.
Gire had opened up the specifications, and been about to start inquiring about the Apple company, and locations listed in the details with the nearest Mage’s Guild before Tkrn tackled her and she helped pick him up and dust him off.
Firrelle looked disturbed, but she was trying to appear unfazed. Iraz hoped he was half as stoic.
“…learned of something that might influence your great gift to the Meeting of Tribes. That is no small matter.”
He finished, choosing the most understated way of saying it. The other Chieftains nodded. Firrelle sighed.
“Knowledge is power. So [Mages] claim. This? I would agree with. It is hard to believe.”
