8.30
Page 36
A curious sound made its way into her ears in the brief moment when the overload of countless voices and sound filled Gire’s ears. She could hear conversations, could eavesdrop on any conversation not warded if she chose, and she did not choose to hear such things. Too often, she could sort through the layers of sound and hear a Gnoll having a really bad, just explosive time in an outhouse.
Smell it too. However, this sound called to Gire because she had never heard it before. She blinked.
“What’s that?”
She rose from her tent. Gnolls instantly approached her with food, but Gire waved it off.
“I…am going to walk about the Meeting of Tribes.”
“We shall accompany—”
“No. I shall simply observe.”
The Ekhtouch Gnolls wavered.
“The Chieftain would not want you to be hurt, Honored Gireulashia.”
She fixed them with an arch glance.
“What could harm me here? Raskghar? Other Gnolls?”
Faced with that, they couldn’t rightly object. So Gire strode off before they could find the Chieftain and stop her. She wound her way through the Meeting of Tribes as Gnolls stopped. Pointed. She heard them.
“What is that? Ekhtouch?”
“She’s magnificent. So tall.”
“I don’t even know if we’re the same species…”
That hurt her. Gire affected not to notice, her chin raised, posture perfect. She walked forwards, slowed, turned her head. Following the sound.
 
—-
 
She had to traverse the Meeting of Tribes for a while to hone in on it. It turned out the sound was coming from the ‘exterior’ of the camps, and Gire’s ability to use her hearing wasn’t perfect yet. Still, she eventually tracked it down to a foreign Gnoll’s camp and sighed.
It was hard to just walk in, so she pretended to be looking at activities. She waved away Gnolls who approached her, asking to talk, flirting, or just curious. She paused as she circumnavigated the ring of tents.
“Hmm. Hmm.”
Gire paused, and watched Gnolls playing a curious game with lengths of wood where you hit a ball and then ran around a diamond. She angled herself.
“…There.”
She leaned against a post of wood that could support her weight. In theory, to those who looked at her, she was watching the game.
In truth, she was staring into the other Gnoll’s camp. At a tent where the sound was coming from. Gire stared at the tent.
She stared through the tent.
Her eyes sharpened, piercing through the weave of fabric. It was hard to ‘see’ unless it was poor-quality cloth, but Gire could still put together a picture of what was happening inside. Again—she usually didn’t want to, as there were only a few things Gnolls did inside tents.
This time, though, she slowly pieced together two figures. She listened, focusing on the voices from within. It was hard, very hard, to tune out everything, but she eventually put together a picture in her mind.
Two individuals. One Gnoll—fur brown. Male voice? Female non-Gnoll. Can see skin…Human? Stitchfolk? Dullahan? Half-Elf?
“…so strange. Is it alright for me to see this?”
The Gnoll was speaking. The female one had a laugh in her voice. They were sitting together.
“You know about me, and your aunt says it is alright, Tkrn.”
Tkrn. Gire realized she was staring at Silverfang’s camp. She knew his name from Ekhtouch, who had journeyed with Silverfang’s tribe. A ‘Tkrn’ had been part of a brawl…
“And it doesn’t run out of mana—power?”
“Not with the spell, Rose said. I don’t know what Krshia did! Everything is different. Even the data is…let me see.”
“Can you play another song?”
