8.30
Page 34
And works of art were boring. Like paintings hanging on walls. They ate regimented meals. They trained themselves to be the best at what they did. They aspired to have children who were even more superior.
But what happened if you were the pinnacle of all things? The allegedly superior Gnoll, who could not be matched? The answer was…you were bored. Especially if you were Gireulashia Ekhtouch.
She sat cross-legged in the camp, watched by the children and adults alike. If she was hungry, someone would instantly prepare her food. If she desired a sparring partner—well, they would line up to be punched, like that funny Minotaur.
To be honest, Gireulashia preferred Venaz to her kin. He was strident, always asking questions about her Skills, and perceptive. Ekhtouch? Superior.
Of course, in theory, Gireulashia was one of them, but Ekhtouch had done too well with her. She was an anomaly, even among them.
Nine feet tall. Akin to half-Giants. It wasn’t just size, though; her mind was as sharp as a razor. She thought faster. She reacted quicker. She could even do things that lesser Gnolls struggled with.
For instance—she had stared at the ball of string in the festival, and picked the string that led to a prize unerringly. Ekhtouch had made much of that; proof positive of her eyes and mind.
…That other Gnoll had gotten the Centaur doll first, though. So she’d turned down the dagger, much to the stall owner’s relief. Gireulashia sighed, and shifted, but did not open her eyes as she ‘meditated’, or else her people would flock around her, asking what she wanted.
What she wanted was for them to leave her alone. Intellectually, she knew that would never happen. She was too valuable. Too…important.
[Paragon]. She was a giant among Gnolls, a queen among her kind. Greatest of the Ekhtouch bar none, and thus—greatest across this wide world among all Gnolls. Only the best of Chieftains and Named Adventurers could match her, and only by dint of deed and level, not simple…superiority.
She did not think it was arrogance to believe any of this. Already, Gireulashia had defeated countless Gnolls in sparring matches. She had beaten them in every contest imaginable, from races to strength to even displays of mental acumen.
If anything, her status weighed heavily on her. She had to be a leader. To inspire! Gireulashia Ekhtouch would lead her tribe in the decades to come. She might be mother to the greatest [Chieftain] of this era.
…It was a heavy burden. Too heavy for a fifteen year old girl.
Sometimes, Gireulashia, who preferred ‘Gire’ rather than her portentous name, thought even her tribe forgot how young she was. She spoke like an adult and thought with their complexity, but that was just how she was.
Other Gnolls had no idea, obviously assuming you didn’t get to her height without being at least fully-grown. They thought she was half again as old as she was, if they wondered at all.
Being treated like an adult, especially an attractive one, was not fun either for Gire. So many requests, subtle and otherwise, made her very uncomfortable. Only Venaz had instantly figured it out. When she had asked how, he had snorted.
“I’ve seen noble children surrounded by [Nursemaids] before. There is a difference between that, and an honor guard.”
“Honored Gireulashia. The Chieftain wishes you to meet another tribe. Will you attend?”
The Gnoll [Paragon] opened her eyes. She rose in one movement and nodded.
“Of course.”
