8.30
Page 25
He sniffed the air and some of his bodyguards—a lot less professional-looking than the Silverfangs, some lounging around, but decidedly more deadly—perked their heads up. Akrisa gestured. Baskets heaped with snacks were brought out.
“Merely some refreshments. Let us share in it, Chieftain Perale.”
He grinned.
“Silverfang is generous! Then we shall talk of Raskghar—and eat like [Princes], yes?”
Krshia sat, among the Honored Gnolls, close to her sister, but able to glance around. The Wild Wastes tribe was fascinating to the [Royal Shopkeeper]. Mainly because of a few things.
Wild Wastes. Mighty Gnolls who had actual [Barbarian] classes, the theoretical basis of the ‘savage Gnolls’ stereotype. In truth, they were quite civilized, albeit traditionalists, who roamed to the far northeast of Liscor, along the mountains of the High Passes. They did crazy things like fight cows, climb mountains, and often took work as [Mercenaries]. They had herds, and other goods, but they were known for being among the best fighters in close combat.
Honored Berr waved at Krshia, and turned back to a small group of far-younger Gnolls, each one marked with a [Berserker]’s dyes. He bore few decorations, and his warriors, despite being some of the best of his tribe, were simply armored, with enchanted weapons…little to no armor.
Here was the interesting thing: the Wild Wastes tribe was poor. Or, they had little gold to spend, an important distinction.
Krshia saw it everywhere. When they had asked to meet, Chieftain Perale had instantly volunteered to host them. It might have been a power-play, but now Krshia thought it was so they could offer the fire, tents, and limited refreshments. Traditionally, the visiting tribe brought gifts.
The snacks from Liscor, including cookies and new items from Erin’s inn, but also including snacks purchased or made by the Silverfang tribe vanished fast. The Wild Wastes Gnolls literally stuffed everything they could grab into their pockets or belt pouches—or mouths. They looked at Silverfang, and Krshia saw them eying the jewelry many of her tribe wore, their clothing, with a bit of envy.
“Ah, Chieftain Akrisa, such good snacks. Sometimes I envy tribes who trade more with cities.”
Perale confided, the older Gnoll scratching at a battle-scar under his fur. After the greetings were done, he was quite retiring.
“Wild Wastes has its charm, Chieftain Perale.”
Akrisa tried to be diplomatic. Perale just laughed.
“Charm is not a replacement for money! Whenever we leave our homes, I feel poor. When we return, I will feel all is fine. When we win a war or battle? I will feel rich! For about six days. Then all the gold vanishes.”
He grinned. His tribe had lots of [Mercenaries]; hence, Krshia supposed their income was very random.
“Surely the Wild Wastes tribe is not that poor. Your [Warriors] are known Izril-over.”
Krshia spoke up when she had an opening, as her position allowed. The Wild Wastes Gnolls chuckled. Perale rolled his eyes.
“That lot? Honored Krshia, from Liscor, yes? You overestimate my warriors. Fierce in battle—lazy at home. They train, yes. They practice and fight, and eat without doing much. And when they break each other’s bones, who has to pay for healing potions?”
He jerked a thumb at one of his head warriors. The Gnoll called out, completely unabashed.
“We hit things, you make decisions, Chieftain.”
“So they say. Silverfang has Gnolls who can work jobs that pay. My Gnolls? Many earn money only a fraction of the time.”
