8.30
Page 13
However, Yelroan, Merish’s land friend from childhood, was truly unique. No one in the Plain’s Eye Tribe had a class like his, Merish knew. Perhaps no one in the entire Meeting of Tribes had a class like Yelroan’s.
 
—-
 
The Plain’s Eye Tribe was one of the greatest traditionalist tribes in the world. Az’muzarre, Wild Wastes, Gaarh Marsh…they were the tribes you spoke of.
Plain’s Eye were alchemical ingredients. [Shamans]. [Shamanic Warriors]. Tradition.
Yelroan stood on a stump, striking a pose. The Gnolls around him tried to ignore him.
“Children, if you want to learn how to hunt—with me!”
A [Hunter] was trying to entice a bunch of Gnolls old enough to begin learning a profession away from a [Cook] who was cunningly handing out snacks to an eager group. Merish watched.
It was a job market, of sorts. The Gnolls were competing, trying to lure promising young Gnolls to apprentice with them.
Yet this crowd of nearly two hundred of the most promising Gnoll cubs taken to the central camp to apprentice with some of the best instructors was distracted.
By Yelroan. The Gnoll was posed on the stump, standing above all the other instructors. It was…a pose. Merish stared up at his friend.
Nobody stood like that. Yelroan was perfectly balanced on one leg, the other pawed foot resting against his leg, yet he stood perfectly straight. One paw was laid across his chest, two fingers forming a ‘V’. The other paw was held to his face, as if supporting the flashing spectacles perched under his eyes.
He’d somehow managed to stand just so the sun glinted off the glass. It was currently blinding one of the [Shamans] trying to gather her own promising apprentices.
Spectacles on a Gnoll. That was already strange, but Yelroan’s fur was combed up. He had a proper mane, dyed—not in shamanic colors, but like ‘hair’.
He also had full-body clothing on. No loincloth, no easy, simple and free cloth like most Plains Gnolls, but a City Gnoll’s attire.
…If City Gnolls had such vibrant colors. Long, dark leggings cut with white, and a flashy red jacket. Merish covered his own face, trying not to look.
“Er—apprentices, if you want to hunt…”
The [Hunter] trailed off. Even the [Cook] was failing to get commitments from the two hundred potential apprentices.
They were all staring at Yelroan. How could you not? He had a crowd around him, little Gnolls who were waiting to see what his class was. After all…they might well follow this Gnoll, right?
Everyone waited. Yelroan held his pose perfectly still. He let the silence build, then dramatically raised his head. The Gnoll had piercing eyes. He smirked, glancing around at the ‘lesser’ classes around him. The other instructors glared at him. Yelroan took a breath, exhaled. Then he pointed at the sky, striking a second pose.
“Math!”
 
—-
 
Merish came to find Yelroan after everyone had left. His friend stood on the stump, in the same pose.
No Gnolls had chosen to learn from him, even just to try it. Again. Merish didn’t think he’d ever seen Yelroan acquire even a single apprentice, and that had been years before he’d left for Rhir.
“The clothing is new. So is the pose. Why?”
Yelroan sprang to his feet. He beamed at Merish.
“Merish! Do you like it? I tried to do something and it almost works. They stare at me.”
“Right until you start talking.”
Merish shook his head. Yelroan sighed.
“I got an apprentice last year with this trick. She lasted for…half a day. I need more respect.”
“And you think doing that will get respect? Yelroan, just be honest.”
“I am honest. Math is amazing!”
