8.30
Page 17
“Merish, there will be songs later tonight. Will you join us?”
Merish had never been in the mood, but he agreed at once to Khaze asking if he wanted to join them. He was looking around for Viri—who was slowly edging towards the betting on horse races—when Yelroan jogged over.
“Merish! Where’s Sveha?”
“She’s playing with some cubs. Creler Escape. Ikl too.”
The more modern game was simple. A ‘Creler’, a Gnoll dressed up with horrific claws and in a costume, ran after little screaming children. The last one to be caught got a prize.
“Oh, good. I’ll give her this afterwards.”
Merish turned. Yelroan had the little Centaur doll in his paws. Khaze blinked.
“How did you—? How much did you spend?”
“Three coppers.”
Merish guessed at once. The [Mathematician] winked at him. He gestured back at the stall.
“Er—you might be banned from there. I certainly am.”
“Why don’t you come to the horse races? I could bet some money!”
Khaze instantly looked to the place where Viri was headed. Yelroan shook his head.
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
The Gnoll winked once more.
“I’m banned there too. The [Bookies] know a dangerous class when they see one.”
“Math!”
Khaze did a pose, mimicking Yelroan. The Gnoll grinned.
“Statistics.”
Both his friends gave him a blank look.
 
—-
 
Viri being Lizardfolk meant that he stood out among the Gnolls, but there were members of other species who had come for this great event.
Some of note, like Venaz, Peki, Merrik, Wil, Yerranola, the students of the Titan. The team of Lehra Ruinstrider, and so on.
The fact that Merish had a passing acquaintance with the Stargnoll herself made Ikl and Sveha agog. Merish himself had to…think about it.
“I feel as though I have been under a cloud.”
He confessed to Yelroan and Khaze. They listened sympathetically. Merish wanted to apologize, but Khaze was just glad he was ‘back’.
“It won’t last forever, you know. The average time for the Chieftain’s effect to last is a day. Five days is the longest significant time excluding outliers.”
Yelroan glanced at Merish. The [Shamanic Warrior] had no idea what outliers were, but he knew Yelroan was right.
It was already wearing off. He could feel himself jumping at loud sounds, and he certainly kept away from any non-[Shaman] magic. Merish was more impressed that Viri could smile and play with the kids. Perhaps it was a front.
So, he made his night last. Merish ran a footrace and came in distinctly average. He ate more than he had all month, and nearly got sick stuffing puffy sweetened bread down his mouth.
He smiled and laughed, and actually showed off his class’ Skills for Ikl when the boy pulled over some new friends. Merish’s fur lit up and shone. Then he called on the magic.
“Viri. Do a big jump.”
“Sure. What are you going to—whoa!”
The Lizardman leapt and did a double-take as Merish followed him up. Laughing, the Lizardman and Merish leapt around, and Viri hugged him.
“You never did that back on Rhir!”
“I was serious back on Rhir. You never were.”
Merish smiled and put an arm around Viri. They put Sveha and Ikl to bed; the little Gnolls had run around in an excitement-high and crashed before it was fully dark. But Merish helped Khaze get them up one last time.
“Mommy. What are we doing?”
Ikl whined, sleepy and carried by Merish. The lighter Sveha was in Khaze’s arms.
“Stop whining, Ikl. This is important. This…is your heritage. We’re attending the songs.”
The little Gnoll peeked out of Merish’s arms. He saw Gnolls, thousands of them, gathering around a bonfire.
