8.30
Page 30
At the same time, Wil and his friends held conference. They faced a similar problem, albeit from a different angle. Wil had a map of Izril and it was dismayingly large.
“Here’s the High Passes where some adventurers claim to have run into the Professor. Here’s Invrisil, where he appeared. For reference, that’s a search area four hundred miles across.”
Venaz snorted.
“You’re exaggerating, Wil. We know the Professor travelled via door to Liscor. Here. It stands to reason he’d stay near civilization.”
Wil glowered at Venaz. He was the best at logistics. He tapped the pin where Gold-rank teams had claimed to meet the Professor—and taken heavy casualties. Three Gold-ranks were dead, in the skirmishes, or the monster attacks afterwards.
“How did he get to the High Passes then, Venaz? Wayward teleportation spell? Fleeing the first group? He could be anywhere there.”
“And it’s literally like looking for a needle in a haystack.”
Yerranola laughed. The others glared at her, and the Selphid raised her hands.
“What? Oh, come on. It’s hilarious. Right? He’s the hardest person in the world to find.”
“I’m glad you think it’s funny.”
Merrik rolled his eyes, but the others were glad to see Yerranola in high spirits. Feshi chewed on her lip.
“I don’t understand why the Professor came to Izril in the first place. Did Perorn say why?”
“The answer is obvious. His mysterious chess partner.”
Venaz opined. Wil fell silent, but a surge of excitement rose in his chest.
“Yes, it has to be that. Or—he wanted to meet that Drake who published some of the games. Olesm. Liscor. It’s around Liscor we’d find him. Damn shame it’s so far. Even if we went to Pallass…are we going to go after him?”
Merrik folded his arms. He looked around at the students.
Feshi the Weatherfur Gnoll, Wil Kallinad of Pheislant, the [Lord]. Peki from Pomle, a [Martial Artist], standing next to Yerranola, a Selphid of Baleros who leaned on her shoulder.
Venaz from the House of Minos. All talented [Strategists]…but students still. They had already survived a perilous battle at sea.
“What can we do? If there are [Mercenaries] for hire—we’d still be looking for a needle in a grassland, no offense to the Professor. Especially if he doesn’t want to be found. We’ll also be up against the Great Companies—at the very least their agents! Professionals!”
“Professionals against [Strategists] with three Relic-class weapons, Wil. Or are you forgetting this?”
Venaz indicated the diamond greatsword on his back. Wil felt the sword at his side, and Feshi moved her paw to the dagger at her belt.
The Diamond Swords of Serept. Khelt’s treasure. Merrik stroked his beard.
“So what I’m hearing, Venaz, is that you’re an even bigger liability.”
“Yes. No. What?”
The Minotaur turned on Merrik. The Dwarf [War Leader] gave Venaz a critical look.
“You have a Relic-class artifact, so that means every [Bounty Hunter] and [Thief] will go after us. Feshi’s tribe is a deterrent here—elsewhere?”
“I have a sword that casts [Haste] on me whenever I draw it!”
“Sure, sure. All I’m saying is—there are better candidates for that. You’re not exactly a Level 40 [Warrior]. You’re a [Strategist]. I’d do better with it, honestly.”
“You? You can’t even swing it properly! It’s longer than you are!”
“Don’t be heightist, Venaz.”
The arguing banter between the students reminded Wil of home, yet this was serious. Feshi realized it too, and knocked her paw on the table.
“You two, stop arguing. Focus. This isn’t a game. They must be desperate if they are reaching out to us, even as a contingency.”
