8.30
Page 37
Song. That was what she’d heard. But it had been different than even the song-crystals of the Singer of Terandria. A sound she had never heard.
She couldn’t see whatever they were staring at. Her eyes could see through holes in the fabric…but not actually pierce it completely.
She’d have to get closer. Gire rose, glancing ahead. There were walls of cloth or actual material that allowed tribes their privacy. She rotated her head, checking the camp.
The two were in a secluded spot at the back; there were sentries on the outside, but it was clear they were in private, far from anyone but her hearing. It would be hard for Gire to find an excuse to walk into the camp.
So she didn’t. She pretended to walk out of the Meeting of Tribes, as if she was going hunting or for a run. She checked the landscape around her.
Gnolls roaming the plains, playing games. Games of tag—she didn’t care what they were doing, only the positions of their heads.
Cones of sight. She waited, forming a picture of the lines of sight. Waiting, waiting…until the sentry nearest her glanced down at a bug crawling up her fur. Until all eyes were off her. Then Gire jumped.
She jumped straight over the wall of the Silverfang encampment. The Gnolls inside the camp never saw her land; she’d jumped such that the top of a tent hid her. She landed in a squat.
In theory, a nine-foot tall Gnoll was the most obvious thing in the world and impossible to hide. In theory.
Gire had Skills as a [Paragon]. Her class was one of those rare ones that encompassed countless areas; in time she might consolidate it. Like [Paragon Warrior] or [Paragon Chieftain].
At her young age, she had more general Skills. One of them—[Superiority Made Manifest]—was terrible. All it did was let her beat whatever someone was doing. A superior punch, a superior action…it required something to exist first.
She liked her other Skill better.
“[Perfect Action: Stealth Roll].”
A giant Gnoll flashed so fast past one tent to another that a sneezing Gnoll never saw her. [Basic Perfect Action]. If you could name a low-level Skill and Gire had seen it, she could do it too.
[Paragon].
She padded over to the tent where the two were and sat down. Now, without anyone realizing, she was right behind Inkar and Tkrn. She listened.
“There are games too?”
Tkrn exclaimed as he played a curious game. Gire craned her neck. Now she could see the bright screen, but it was at an angle as the two kept fiddling with it. What was that strange…light? She caught a flash of tiny, pixelated dots, a strange substance…but if she unfocused her eyes, it became a picture. How clever!
“Yes! Your paw isn’t working well.”
“It won’t let me press!”
“It was made for Human fingers.”
“That’s speciesist.”
Gire listened to the two. Flirting. You could even hear it in the pitch of their tones. She didn’t care about that. She was fascinated by the device. She edged closer. Damn this fabric! She wanted to see this wonderful…toy.
 
—-
 
The new iPhone was the latest model from Earth. It was a model invented after Inkar had left, which made it all the more impressive that Krshia had somehow managed to ‘upgrade’ her old one into it.
There was just one problem. There was no headphone jack anymore, and so Inkar and Tkrn had to play it out loud—away from curious Silverfangs. Well, his tent was at the back of the Silverfang camp, so they had elected to mess with it there.
