8.30
Page 42
That was why he lived, to know there were worthy foes like that. He’d level up, challenge them again. Who next?
Az’muzarre. Of course! He found one of their warriors and grinned.
Let’s see how the greatest warriors of the Great Plains fare.
He fought the entire tribe and died in seconds. Adetr grunted.
“Not bad. But cheap.”
Dragonbone weapons. That was how they cut through him and his warriors in moments. A weapon with unmatched attack power.
Surprisingly, Adetr didn’t respect that. They were bearers of relics, whose power was given to them by what they held. Take it away and…well, his Skill didn’t let him choose the parameters of the battle, but he could choose to do it himself.
Thirty eight minutes to reset.
This time he yanked a blade off one of the Gnolls before they killed him. Sure enough—the snarling Az’muzarre champion was less effective, just striking ineffectually with a mundane weapon while her companions ran him through.
So they relied too much on the weapons. Adetr lost interest at once. Maybe some were better—but that was annoying. It was half and half—the Gnolls who stood up to the stories, and those who turned out to be exaggerated.
Aimlessly, Adetr chased through the crowd. You know who was good? The Pallassian Drakes. He went hunting for one—or a City Gnoll. Where was one of them?
There. He found one after a few minutes, a group striding along, arguing.
“Are you sure it was her?”
“She was huge.”
“I do not understand. Why would one of Ekhtouch, especially their [Paragon]…she knows. We must be careful, Chieftain Eska.”
“We have the right to be angry, Krshia! If she appeared in their tents—”
He aimed. Krshia Silverfang. Adetr whispered.
“[Vision of Greatest Battle].”
As always, he went still. Then he jerked. He snarled.
“Antinium!?”
Gnolls around him turned. Krshia didn’t hear, as she strode off. Adetr felt at his fur.
“What was—”
Liscor’s first defenses had folded up depressingly fast. Despite the city’s walls blasting them with decent wall spells, Steelfur was a powerful tribe and their Watch was…average. No high-level Drakes beyond one with a sword and a few [Senior Guards]. He’d heard there was a powerful duo, but he hadn’t seen one. They’d taken the walls, fought towards the Watch Captain…
Then the Antinium had come out of the ground. Thousands! Adetr had fallen into a pit, where it was dark, fighting shapes that came out of the darkness, the earth—he’d killed many, until they bore him down.
He had to do it again. See more. Instantly, Adetr followed after the group—then cursed as he remembered the recharge time.
“Hrm. This is excellent. I can fight them. Watch the ground. We have to lure them out? Stick to the walls…”
He was planning the battle, excitedly. He strode about, nearly hopping with impatience, then set out for the Silverfang camp.
To his great disappointment, Krshia Silverfang wasn’t there. Had they been talking about Ekhtouch? Adetr paced back and forth, then decided to go there. But before he could, he heard a voice.
“Oh my god. Where? Ekhtouch? What are we going to do?”
Something was—off. Adetr frowned. He saw a young woman hurrying with a group of Gnolls out of the camp. A Human woman.
“Hrm.”
Adetr had met many non-Gnolls at the Meeting of Tribes, so a guest didn’t surprise him like the Lizardman with one leg. He guessed this young woman was a friend to Silverfang.
Maybe she was from Liscor? It was worth a try. He pointed at her.
“[Vision of Greatest Battle].”
 
—-
 
