8.30
Page 11
Xherw scowled. Merish glanced at Xherw, not recognizing the name. The [Shamanic Warriors] nodded and melted back into the darkness. Merish saw their dyed fur glow—then they turned transparent.
[Camouflage]. They took on a glass-like appearance, melting into the landscape. Scentless too. The power of his kind.
“Who is that, Chieftain?”
Merish wasn’t sure he should ask, but Xherw just snorted derisively.
“Just another pest from Manus. Asking if we will represent the Walled City before the other tribes.”
“Manus? For what?”
Merish was not surprised that someone would seek Xherw out. The Plain’s Eye Tribe had strong relations with the Walled Cities, actually. As Merish recalled…well, they had some kinds of longstanding trade agreements. Xherw waved a paw.
“[Soldiers]. Experts, as always. Anyone they can lure to their ‘High Command’. I will talk with him, later.”
“If I am keeping you from him, Chieftain…”
“No.”
Xherw looked at Merish. He stood there a moment longer, then sighed.
“The Plain’s Eye Tribe is old, Merish. Gnolls are…old. We have endured much, but even in the days when Dragons hunted us with Drakes and we hid under the earth, I cannot know if we were this…few.”
Such somber words. Merish would have flinched at them, but then a paw took his arm. Strong, even now. Xherw smiled at Merish, and the touch had that power in it. It made Merish feel strong, for a second. Strong enough to face dreams. To go back to Rhir.
“We will survive. With your strength, the strength of Gnolls like you, with cunning, and with resolve, Merish. I am glad you returned. I came here to tell you that. If you would stay—we have need of you.”
He turned before Merish could reply, and walked away. The [Shamanic Warrior] stood there, feeling humbled at the trust. He walked back to camp an hour later, thinking.
 
—-
 
Xherw’s meeting with Merish was more than a gesture. It meant something. Well, a [Chieftain] singling you out was already a sign you were honored, or on your way to it.
But the touch was something too. Merish felt…alive. That was Xherw’s power, or part of it. He felt clear-headed, hungry.
When he came back to the clan, he actually smiled and waved Viri’s apology aside. He ate breakfast, apologizing to Sveha, talking with Khaze. She nearly dropped her plates.
“What has gotten into you, Merish?”
“I met with the Chieftain.”
“Olmpe? Why would that old nag make you feel better. Unless—”
Ikl and Sveha looked up. Khaze spun around, wide-eyed.
“No. Chieftain Xherw?”
Merish smiled. Khaze made a sound and threw up her paws.
“I have to brag about this! My brother! What did he want?”
“Just to talk. He touched my arm. I feel…good.”
“Of course you would! What an honor! No—you might be Honored Merish! Do you hear that, Sveha, Ikl? We might be moving up! He touched your arm? I heard a Gnoll ran a hundred miles after that happened—without any movement Skills!”
Merish smiled, enjoying Khaze’s excitement. The energy that blew away his depression seemed to fill Viri too—such that they were actually out and about the camps, rather than being tugged into something by Khaze.
“Merish, Merish. Do you want to play some games? You can win money if you win some of the tossing games.”
There was a Gnollish game that involved tossing bolas, or just balls if you were smaller, through goal posts. Playing was free, and there was already a crowd. It was just one activity among the Meeting of Tribes, and Viri was being practically carried by Sveha and Ikl towards it. Khaze had work, and Merish for once felt tempted. However, his conscience pricked him.
