8.31
Page 12
Gire had also closed her eyes when the dust storm rose. She stood as the [Scout] kicked the ball—and then whirled. She pivoted on the ball of one foot as the [Scout] kicked the ball straight towards the goal.
Inkar hadn’t been in the way of the dust. She saw it all.
Like a piece of puzzle coming together, Gire stepped in one motion over to a point only she could see and pivoted on one foot. Her other leg flashed up, coming around in an arc to meet the ball flying towards her. The [Scout] gaped as it seemed to the audience as if she’d kicked it straight into Gire’s path.
She had not, but the result was the same. Gire kicked the ball into the air, the rebound so powerful that Inkar lost track of it for a second. Gire stood, stared past the players who were turning, coughed in the dust, and then walked off the pitch.
The soccer ball flew through the air in a powerful arc, curving, losing momentum, but zooming across the pitch. Every player’s head rose and the goalkeeper on the other end stopped flirting with the opposing player. He swore, looked up and jumped—too late.
The ball hit the top right corner of the goal and went in. The audience didn’t cheer; they didn’t’ realize what had happened, many of them, until the dust cleared. When they did shout, Gire was already hurrying towards Inkar.
“There. I scored! Let me see the iPhone!”
She hurried Inkar off. The young woman looked at Gire.
Oh. So that was why. It just…wasn’t fun.
“Have you played soccer before?”
Tkrn gaped at Gire as she ushered them back to the Ekhtouch camp where she could stare at the device. Gire gave the [Guardsman] a frown.
“No.”
“You scored, though!”
“Yes. It’s just kicking a ball into a space. It’s eas—I mean, I’m not interested. And I’m too big to play other games. Tag or hide-and-seek…”
She looked wistful and sad.
“Well, I’ve had more fun at the Meeting of Tribes.”
“Ah. Ah.”
Inkar saw Tkrn flicking his eyes back to the pitch where Gnolls still stared after her as another Ekhtouch Gnoll took Gire’s place. He looked at Gire.
“I guess hide and seek is hard for other reasons, but I can see why tag and soccer are no fun.”
“Mhm. They never find me if I hide.”
Tkrn’s mouth worked. He looked up at Gire and at Inkar. The young woman was interested.
“Are there any games you do like, Gire?”
The Gnoll girl thought about it and brightened up.
“I like dances. Learning dances and dancing is fun by itself. And…I appreciate all the activities the [Shamans] and tribes perform, although I’ve been busy meeting with so many Gnolls. I’ve also been playing games of chess with Strategist Venaz. He can beat me.”
She smiled.
“It’s a challenge. Now I want to play the game with the birds!”
 
—-
 
Chief Warrior Merish was not in the mood to play or watch games of football that day. The power of Chieftain Xherw’s touch had left him. He woke feeling a pall over his entire being.
However, the touch had reminded him of what should be. Like someone who had seen light through the clouds after a year of rain—Merish fought to return.
So he visited their [Shamans]. Plain’s Eye might not be a city, but they did understand something about loss. They had healers of their own kind. Rituals for warriors who had lost too much.
The first of such took place before dawn, and Merish had woken up even earlier to ready himself for it. He had not eaten, and when he joined the [Shamans] with a handful of other Gnoll warriors, he was all but naked; he had only underwear on his body.
