8.31
Page 33
Much like the Goblins, really. If you looked at the group, they were made up of the important, the over Level 30’s, and those like Fierre, who knew they were special.
On this great trip across Izril, some might live and some might die. The odds were it was the ones you didn’t know, the lowest-leveled ones who’d die. That was why Salkis grinned. That was why Normen and Alcaz said little. Some people had different expectations.
Most of all for the nameless Goblins and Antinium, some of whom couldn’t even claim to be over Level 10. If you wanted to name the group…
It was Numbtongue, bearing the ghosts of Reiss, Pyrite, and Shorthilt. Ulvama, Badarrow, Snapjaw, Salkis, Octavia, Garia, Fals, Fierre, Gna, Bird, Pivr, Xeu, Normen, Alcaz, Icecube…and that was about it. Then came the ‘Goblins’. Then the ‘Antinium’ as a whole.
There was Niers unseen, and if someone remembered her, a bee named Apista. The rest were the masses.
Or so you thought. The Worker was trembling as Pivr complained, loudly, to Bird.
“It is unsanctioned! It is unprecedented! Did you authorize this, Revalantor Bird?”
“Yes.”
Pivr hesitated. Bird stared at him. Pivr fanned his wings.
“…Do you even know what it is I am referring to?”
“I authorized it. So you cannot complain, Pivr.”
“You did not. That is a lie, Bird. Name the issue.”
“…Then I will authorize it when I find out, and authorize it now but in the past so my authority was always there.”
Pivr’s mandibles clacked open and closed. Eventually, he turned around.
“That Worker! It has gained a new class!”
He pointed at said trembling Worker, who had a curious decoration on his chest. He was a Painted Worker, and he had chosen a strange, nonsensical symbol to represent himself. One he had gained from his visit to the inn. It was a sign that Kevin had been teaching Mrsha during math class, a strange inverted loop, combined with the Worker’s favorite food.
A pear, in the center of the sign for infinity.
Thus, he was Infinitypear. Bird tilted his head.
“What has Infinitypear gained?”
“Infinity what?”
Pivr fanned his wings angrily.
“He is an [Adventurer]!”
The column stopped. They all looked at Infinitypear. An…[Adventurer]?
“You don’t mean Adventurer as in Bronze-rank Adventurer. You mean…”
The Worker looked at Octavia, then away. The [Alchemist] realized—he’d been listening to her.
We’re on an adventure. And he believed it. Of course he did. This was an adventure for a Worker. A grand adventure.
We may die. We may never come back. Yet…as Bird began to chuckle, then laugh, a little man in his pocket laughed too. The Goblins grinned.
We may die. Or we may rise. The band was this: It was Numbtongue, bearing the ghosts of Reiss, Pyrite, and Shorthilt. Ulvama, Badarrow, Snapjaw, Salkis, Octavia, Garia, Fals, Fierre, Gna, Bird, Pivr, Xeu, Normen, Alcaz, Icecube, Niers, Apista.
And the Goblin named Rasktooth. The [Adventurer] Antinium named Infinitypear.
 
[Adventurer Class Obtained!]
[Adventurer Level 3!]
[Skill – Find Roads Less Travelled obtained!]
[Skill – Weapon Proficiency: Spear obtained!]
[Skill – Spirit of the Wild (Enhancement) obtained!]
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I feel as though I’ve kicked a white Gnoll. Or an entire tribe of them.
If there was ever a cursed chapter—it’s this edited one. Everything gets in the way. Case in point? Windows Update decided to delete core system files as I was just about to start working on the chapter.
