8.31
Page 14
“I have many names, our warriors and other tribe’s that were sent to Rhir, [Shaman]. These are among the many names I choose to remember, Gnolls and non-Gnolls alike. Is that not permissible?”
The apprentice hesitated, and then met the [Keeper of the Past]’s gaze. He lowered his head instantly.
“…Of course.”
He was young. The [Keeper of the Past] had issued no complaint, nor had her gaze wavered. Merish recited names until his voice was hoarse, and after another promise that it was done and remembered, the gathering broke up.
That was not important. Merish did not know if he felt lighter, but there was some reassurance in the act. What was…interesting…was that the [Keeper of the Past] sought him out afterwards.
“My apprentice, he interrupted your moment, Chief Warrior. For that you have my greatest apologies.”
“Perhaps I erred, [Keeper]. So many non-Gnoll names…”
He ducked his head. The old Gnoll fixed him with a steely gaze.
“Are they less worthy than the Gnolls who died, Chief Warrior? No, do not answer. You and I know the answer, both. My apprentice is simply…new. He would remember only Gnoll names. It is a recent point of view in the tribe, among some clans. If we remember only Gnoll names—history becomes strange indeed.”
She snorted and Merish almost smiled. He hesitated, though.
“New, [Keeper]? I do not recall any whispers of a change in how we performed this ceremony before.”
Not that he had attended one before. The [Keeper of the Pasts] visibly hesitated then, and the eldest of Gnolls in the Plain’s Eye Tribe looked at Merish and her face grew sad.
“…I misspeak, Chief Warrior. Recent, new—they are terms that change as I grow. I simply mean past my generation. It has been this way for a while. Never mind. The past lies with me and the tribe. It will never be undone. They will be remembered. I promise you.”
He nodded. The [Keeper of the Pasts] let him nod. He looked after her. Then wondered.
 
—-
 
“How old is the [Keeper of the Pasts]? You mean Honored Celinthe? Why? Did she get hurt or stumble?”
Khaze was worried over breakfast, later. Merish shook his head.
“No. I am simply curious.”
“I don’t…know.”
If it was odd Khaze did not, well, counting ages didn’t matter as much after you’d reached your majority in the tribes. Merish nodded and gulped down a hot bowl of Herthee mixed with meats—someone had decided it was good, much to his displeasure.
“Merish, they’re going to play a huge football game! I’m watching with the kids, you want to come?”
“I will pass, Viri.”
Merish was better, not up for that. Viri was understanding—part of Merish wished he had been allowed at the gathering, but the games and distractions were another kind of balm for the Lizardman. He had told Merish he didn’t want to go home to Baleros. That would remind him of his missing comrades.
So, after breakfast, Merish went to find Yelroan. The [Mathematician] was in his tent as usual, and Merish poked his head in, took one look at the yawning Gnoll, and came back with some tea and meat biscuits from a nearby campfire.
“Merish! My great friend! Food? Will you be my partner? I need someone like you.”
Merish swatted at Yelroan as the Gnoll sought to embrace him. The slighter Gnoll scarfed down the food; he was working hard on a ledger.
“Thank you, Merish. How can I help you?”
He grinned as he kept working. Merish hesitated.
“I don’t want to disturb you. I was just checking in…”
“You have something you want. Don’t be shy—everyone who comes here does. I like that. They do come to me!”
Yelroan chuckled as his fingers waggled, then he frowned.
