8.31
Page 31
Rasktooth indicated a bowl of bits, in good humor. Octavia went over, and Numbtongue accepted a plate of bug-fry with resignation. But the dour [Bard] had a bit of his own humor in his eyes as he deliberately took a big forkful and crunched on a bite.
“Pretty good. Sour.”
“Needs more good sauce.”
Rasktooth added more sauce. The thing was—which none of the Goblins said—the thing was, bugs still tasted a bit worse than noodles unless your palate was aimed around them. Most bugs were bitter or sour, because they didn’t want to be eaten. Cows were apparently suicidal because they tasted good.
Even so, they grinned as they crunched, supplementing satisfaction for taste. The others stared—until Garia slapped her legs.
“Well—well, why not? Give me a forkful, Numbtongue!”
She rose to her feet, a challenge in her eyes. The others stared as she walked over. Numbtongue was merciful; he gave her a shell-portion, which crunched, but tasted mostly of the rest of the plate. Garia’s eyes watered, but she crunched it down, then lifted an arm up.
“It’s not…bad! Really, Fals!”
He looked horrified, but someone else lifted a claw.
“Why not? I’ve had raw meat. I’ll try one.”
Salkis, grinning again like it was an adventure, actually took a raw bug and after a moment of staring at it, bit off the head. She chewed, swallowed fast, but then tossed it down.
“Hah!”
“Oh, so it’s a contest, is it? I can eat bugs. It’s happened in Liscor’s army. Give me that. I’ll just—”
Gna grabbed a centipede-thing, took a bite, gagged, and nearly threw up. Fals stared at her, lowered the fork he’d taken to try a bite, and refused.
Fierre had a bite too, mostly to see if insect-blood sated her thirst. It didn’t—or there wasn’t enough of it to help. The others chuckled or laughed, and the Antinium quietly noshed, watching the others trying their food.
“I am updating the Blood Fields as possible food source. It is not that dangerous, it seems, if food is abundant.”
Pivr opined to Xeu and Bird. The Silent Antinium rubbed her scythes together.
“Dangerous. Stalk-plants impale any Antinium. Can sense me.”
“How did you survive, Xeu?”
“I did not get close.”
“So Antinium eat bugs and they come in all forms. Goblins eat bugs, and half-Elves apparently. Strange. No one mentioned that. It’s cannibalism—sort of. And they’re all good in a fight?”
Salkis washed down the buggy bite with a drink. She was still getting her bearings. The others looked at the newcomer. All assumed that someone else knew her. Numbtongue shrugged. He counted.
“That one is good at fighting. Bird is. I, Badarrow, Snapjaw, and that one are best at fighting. Redfangs and [Chieftains]. Ulvama too, maybe. Garia can punch. You have enchanted daggers. Brothers are good. So…nine good fighters.”
He counted, and pointed at Xeu, much to Pivr’s dismay. The others stirred as Numbtongue counted them off.
“I know those two are good. Men with hats.”
“Brothers, Miss. I’m Normen, and this is Alcaz. At your service. Pleasure to be with you on this mission—heard you helped us out at the inn.”
Normen tipped his hat. So did Alcaz, the other man. A spluttering sound came from Salkis’ left.
“Wait a second! You forgot me!”
Sergeant Gna. Pivr raised a claw.
“And me. I am a Revalantor of—”
“We’re not bad fighters, Numbtongue. I’ve held my own in a fair number of scraps!”
Fals protested as well. Fierre also nodded.
“I survived the Archmage of Izril’s mansion with Ryoka!”
Numbtongue shrugged, unmoved by all but that last. He looked towards his bedroll and yawned.
“I said good fighters. Most can fight. Let’s sleep. We move tomorrow.”
