8.31
Page 20
Everything checked out. Missing child, appeal across Izril, a heartfelt story. Anyone from Chandrar would instantly sympathize, and indeed, Drassi’s appeal would lead to hundreds, thousands of appeals from other citizens across the world for her to cover missing persons—a segment that would endure.
Drassi had made just one mistake, and no one else had stopped her from making it. No wonder; Wistram News Network was run by Wistram and crewed by Drakes at the top, or City Gnolls. In short, there was no Plains Gnoll with concern on Mrsha’s side to point out how horrific this was.
Alarric stared at the scrying orb and wanted to vomit. He knew Wanderer had the child; he’d received the signal. This?
“She’s going to get them killed.”
He whispered. Drassi’s earnest face—he had to believe she meant the best. But this? Now every tribe with a scrying orb could see that there were two white Gnolls. They were taking notes and writing down the nearest location. Just not for the reasons Drassi hoped.
 
—-
 
“Other tribes have already told me they will join the hunt. Yet Plains’ Eye will not rest on them alone. Every tribe in the region will be searching for the two, but Merish, the older Doombringer is clever. He—it—apparently moves fast and was skilled enough to defeat one Doomslayer group, if with help.”
Xherw shut off the scrying orb with a wave of his paw. Merish stared at Drassi’s face before she vanished. She’d spoken of the Doombringer—Mrsha—with such passion.
Well, she was a Drake. She had no idea what she was talking about. It had given them a lot of information, though.
“Two Doombringers, and we know their ages, even the name of one. Is that not enough, Chieftain? Can we not [Scry] them?”
He glanced at Xherw, but it was Ulcre who responded.
“It should be, even if [Shamans] do not perform [Mage]’s magic, Merish. Yet we cannot. They are warded. I have called on all our artifacts capable of it and my conclusion is that one or both have means to evade us.”
He glowered. Merish nodded. Only standard.
“Hence this gathering to inform you of a place to start. We have a vague region ‘south of Liscor’. I mean to narrow it. So, then. What can you divine?”
Xherw’s head turned and Ulcre regarded the best Gnolls in the Plain’s Eye tribe for the job. After all, their tribe was known for the quality of their [Shamans]. And [Shaman] was a catch-all class.
They specialized.
Merish beheld the gathering of nearly twenty Gnolls. He saw and recognized their classes.
[Oracle]. [Seer]. [Augur]. Even the [Keeper of the Pasts]—Gnolls with insights into the weather, the future, chance and fate and what had gone before and might come again.
“It is not an auspicious time, Chieftain, but we are casting our magics and using our Skills. We shall look for great portents and signs.”
The [Oracle of Calamity] spoke, one of the Gnolls who could predict incoming dangers to their tribe. A [Seer] growled.
“One of the Doombringers has more than an artifact. My divinations return only mystery, yet I tell you they are headed east, not west. The wind howls that way alone.”
“My readings say west…no. Wait. The origin of one comes from the west, the other from the east.”
The [Augur] argued, sorting through the entrails of a fish. Another Gnoll growled.
“Don’t look to their origins, but to their destination!”
“I tried that and got an infected gallbladder. In the fish, I mean. Some kind of ward—let me try again.”
A [Shaman] pinched her nose and complained.
“Would you stop cutting open fish? I am trying to work—”
