8.31
Page 32
He went to lie down. Someone threw a spoon at him.
Sergeant Gna. She was on her feet, glowering, eyes flashing.
“I’ve had enough of this, Goblin. I may not like coming along. I may have been ordered to come along, but I am a [Sergeant] in Liscor’s 4th Company. When we get into a scrap, you’d better listen to me because I—”
Numbtongue tossed the spoon back. He spoke over Pivr, who was also trying to state his credentials.
“I am a Level 35 [Bard].”
Gna choked on her tongue. Pivr fell silent. Xeu stared. Niers peeked out of his bag, grinning, and took another bite of his snack. He was damned if he’d live on bugs; he’d had a cookie he’d been eating all day. One cookie. It’d probably last him the next day too. He’d had a single noodle for dinner. Not bad eating.
Gna looked at Numbtongue, lost for words. Her paw twitched towards her side, instinctively. Salkis sat up and stared at Numbtongue, eyes glittering. The [Bard] looked around.
“Who else is over Level 30? Just raise your hands.”
He stared about. Fierre held her breath.
Level 30? It was rare to find anyone of Numbtongue’s level just hanging about. He could be a Gold-rank with that! Erin was even more exceptional. Of course, she was a Vampire, but she understood why he said what he did. There was no way—
Badarrow raised his hand, and Bird raised two of his, one for him, one for Niers. Then he lowered one hand because he remembered he was a [Liar]. Snapjaw raised a hand, and so did Ulvama.
Salkis was the last, and her eyes lit up as all gazes fell on her. Gna gaped.
Goblins with levels. The two Brothers touched their hats, and Normen muttered.
“Crimshaw should’ve been here.”
Octavia stared at the Goblins. One of them, a Redfang, folded her arms, but looked delighted at the representation. Numbtongue counted.
“Six. Good fighters.”
He rolled over.
“Go to sleep.”
Goblin dominance established, the others fell silent. Gna rolled over behind her rock, muttering, but subdued. The Antinium tucked themselves into their holes. Fierre rolled under a wagon and the Goblins fell asleep almost at once. They rested like that, and Octavia, who’d elected to sleep on top of the wagon, unsure why everyone wasn’t fighting for this space, reflected it wasn’t the worst first day.
There was tension, but they’d tried bugs, and it might work out.
…Maybe.
 
—-
 
The next day, the band of mostly not-Brothers except for the two who were, awoke. They packed up and struck camp early—Octavia snoozed through everything until they got moving. So did Salkis, and she just climbed into the wagon, muttering curses; she wasn’t used to rising like that either.
Even so, they were well underway when a commotion happened. The others slowed as Pivr came striding up the lines to Bird, who’d decided he’d try riding a horse for fun. He glided forwards, ‘hopping’ and flapping his wings to arrest his fall.
“Bird! Bird! This is an unprecedented event!”
“What?”
Bird turned in his saddle. Pivr pointed back at Xeu, who was menacing a terrified worker with her scythes as the other Antinium gathered around.
Again, the column halted. Goblins turned, and even Snapjaw flew back when she saw what was happening. Gna tensed, unsure what new drama was occurring.
And here it was. Octavia saw one of the Workers who’d volunteered to come after Mrsha trembling, holding its pack and a simple spear and buckler. It carried a bow, but like the Goblins, the Antinium aside from Bird, Xeu, and Pivr were faceless.
