8.31
Page 7
She landed on her butt and stared. Then laughed in silent delight! Look at that! Ryoka had never taught her…
She looked up as Wanderer loomed over her. He smiled, once.
“Now land on your feet. And spin a bit more. You need to practice so you know exactly when to stop and how far to go.”
 
—-
 
Ten minutes later, Mrsha could flip whenever she chose. It was actually not that hard once you got into it, and the fear of smacking the ground was the biggest impediment.
She’d done just that eight times, and Wanderer had lied when he’d said he’d catch her! Well, he had protected her head twice, but the little bumps weren’t fun!
Nevertheless, he was a somewhat good teacher—although Mrsha found his new instructions to be odd.
“No. You are jumping too high. Lower. I will catch you if you fall…this time. As low as you can.”
He didn’t just want her to learn how to do a flip, he wanted her to learn how to do a tight front-flip, barely an inch off the ground.
She resented his instruction, but the girl had to admit—this was something Lyonette would never have countenanced, and more physically amazing than anyone but Ryoka had ever shown her.
Mrsha found the challenge exhilarating; she could feel her fur touching the ground if she did it right. She did three super-compact flips in a row, and then Wanderer nodded.
“Good enough. You won’t hurt yourself if I don’t catch you. Now, it will take some getting used to, but if you get used to it, we’ll be moving even faster within the hour.”
“Used to what?”
Mrsha frowned, a bit dizzy. She didn’t see how this translated to his jumping ability.
For answer, Wanderer placed a paw on her shoulder. He looked at Mrsha as he hefted his walking staff.
“There are more classes in this world than we can dream of, Mrsha. All with little secrets and Skills. Mine? Mine is [Traveller]. A generalist class. Some call it useless. Yet there is a trick in my class. Do you know what it is?”
Mrsha raised one eyebrow. You’re going to tell me anyways.
Wer grinned with all his teeth.
“The trick is—I have the potential to learn almost any Skill that I encounter. From any class. So—here’s something I learned on my long journey. [World Traveller: Grasshopper’s Run].”
He touched Mrsha’s fur and she felt her hair lift as a sensation ran through her. She felt… Light.
Mrsha stared up at Wer. What had he said just now? The Gnoll saw her look and knew what she was curious about.
“It’s my school of Skills. World Traveller. It encompasses…special Skills.” He hefted the enchanted staff he carried, which appeared to be plain wood, but had been tough enough to survive Belavierr’s battle.
“Staff art. Running technique used by [Rangers] and the like. Stealth Skills I learned from my travels. Enough of that. Follow me. And remember—flip.”
Without a word, he jumped. Mrsha saw him bound down the hill, racing down the grass and rocks without slowing. She hesitated—and then followed a second later.
They bounded down the hill, and this time Mrsha felt gravity loosen its hold on her. She raced, on all fours, and realized what his Skill did.
When you ran up a hill, and even down it, you were careful. Even the fastest runner downhill watched for cliffs, gaps, slowed to avoid the uneven terrain.
Wanderer raced down the hill in nearly a straight line, avoiding only the biggest obstacles. It was more like he was…falling, and pushing himself even faster and faster down the slope!
Mrsha copied him. She was fearless suddenly, and part of it was surely the Skill helping her. She leapt, her paws barely touching the ground. Fast! Faster!
