8.31
Page 26
Sergeant Gna looked scandalized. She stared at the haphazard camp and then turned. First to Bird, then away to Numbtongue or Snapjaw, who was petting Icecube, and then to Fierre as the best, most reasonable leader.
“This can’t be your camp! Where are the sentries? Fortifications?”
Fierre bit her lip.
“Um—Bird? Numbtongue?”
“Goblins will watch out.”
Numbtongue called back. Indeed, the Goblins had already established a sentry-order by poking each other and Badarrow had first watch. The Goblin stopped as everyone turned to stare at him. He was climbing onto a rock where he’d sit with bow in hand. He raised his eyes at Gna.
“But that’s…well, that’s something. Yet you don’t have a latrine, or organization. You should use the wagons as cover, and have some kind of basic defensive area set up. I suggest moving to a cave or—”
The Gnoll hedged, unwilling to give the Goblins credit. She turned and stopped.
The Antinium looked up from digging a trench in the ground. Workers, Soldiers…all save for two.
Bird was sitting on the ground, kicking his legs and watching, apparently not at all pressed to help out. Next to him, Pivr, the strange Antinium on all fours with wings was giving orders.
Sergeant Gna and Pivr locked gazes. The Gnoll instantly turned away.
“What is that thing?”
“I am the Flying Antinium’s Prognugator. Also Revalantor. Pivr. My job is to keep Bird safe. I have already established Antinium safety protocols. Observe.”
The Flying Antinium rubbed his palps together as one antennae flicked towards the Workers. Octavia realized they weren’t just making a trench; they were digging into the ground and planning on resting there.
“Perfect camouflage and protection. If the camp is attacked, we shall sacrifice the meat-things and tunnel up to assail our opponents or retreat.”
The ‘meat-things’ did not appreciate that, yet it was clear each group had their area covered. There was just no overall leadership.
The others looked at each other, unsure if this was fine to let lie. Fierre went over to the wagon, Gna stomped off to find a rock to lie behind…until Bird stood up.
“Pivr. Redirect some Workers to place dirt in front of the wagon. It will hide it and provide natural cover. Badarrow should also move closer; we will create a hill he can watch from, with a bit of cover. Strategy!”
Gna blinked and turned back. Pivr looked uncertain, but some of the Free Antinium instantly moved to obey. Badarrow, who’d just finished getting settled, grumpily stood up, but when he heard Bird, he tilted his head and nodded.
“That’s…almost good. But we’re still open to attack from every other angle. They could come over the hills.”
Gna muttered, not looking at Bird. The Worker stared at her. He gestured around. They were in a natural ‘bowl’ with one opening, that Snapjaw had pointed out.
“This is a naturally defensible area. As to attacks from other angles—Ulvama. You will use a [Shaman]’s mark to ward the other directions.”
Ulvama looked up. She pointed at her chest.
“Me? No. I’m tired.”
Bird stared at her.
“But I have given the order.”
Numbtongue grunted. He nudged Ulvama with an elbow. She looked at him, at Bird, and blew out her cheeks.
“Fine.”
Grumpily, she went up the hill to do what Bird had said. This time Sergeant Gna looked around.
“Well, well…it’s adequate.”
“It is a simple and efficient plan. You can find no flaws in it. Because I am smart.”
Bird lifted all four arms. Sergeant Gna refused to answer. Inside his space, Niers Astoragon chuckled to himself.
“Bird really is smart as, well, Olesm! I had no idea!”
