8.31
Page 2
That was a good point. The group’s heads slowly turned. Some music would pass the time. They all looked side-long at Numbtongue. The [Bard] stared ahead, until he realized who Octavia meant.
He hesitated. His hand nearly went for his guitar. Then he scowled.
“No. This is serious.”
“Come on, Numbtongue. You always play the guitar!”
“No. Silence. Who sneaks up on enemies playing music?”
“…[Stealth Bards]?”
Sergeant Gna mused out loud, then turned red when everyone stared at her. A Cave Goblin started laughing. Numbtongue folded his arms. Garia called out.
“Come on, Numbtongue! Just one song? You don’t have to sing!”
“No.”
“You might level up! You’re a [Bard]! Play that one from the inn—”
“No.”
Salkis blinked. She pointed at Numbtongue, disbelieving as she turned to Garia.
“Wait. This Goblin’s a [Bard]? I thought he was a [Swordsman] or something.”
“Nope. [Bard]. Wait…how do you know Numbtongue? What’s your class?”
“Um…[Aristocrat]. With a bit of combat classes. [Warrior], you know.”
“I shall sing if Numbtongue is incapable of singing. I know over a hundred bird-songs, all of which I have written!”
Bird announced. He spread his arms wide and began to sing. Ulvama grunted and pointed. Bird kept singing, then stopped as he realized someone had just cast a silence spell on him. They proceeded on, spirits rising as they ate up ground.
Niers Astoragon didn’t have many landmarks, but he calculated they might have a shot at reaching Pallass without the magic door in eight days or nine at the most. Fifty miles with his Skill a day was possible even with civilians, and everyone here was moving far faster. He smiled.
Adventure. The [Alchemist] was speaking his language. Duty mattered, his home and company mattered. Yet this? This was what he’d come for.
 
—-
 
Speed. The fastest-moving piece of luggage in all of Izril realized that she was being carried at a speed even a Courier might be impressed by. Even so—Wanderer seemed to grow tired after the first day of flight from Liscor.
He put her down shortly after midday. Mrsha glanced up; she’d been carried under one arm, then held like little Gnolls in two arms. Then he’d made her piggyback…all of which she’d done without much objection.
She had been still, almost motionless, a good piece of luggage after Wanderer’s revelation about the nature of her fur. Yet it seemed like the white-furred Gnoll with the traveling staff and cloak had a problem. He put Mrsha down, stretched his arms, sighed, swore a few times, and then pointed at her.
“You’re going to have to run with me. You’re too heavy to carry. We’ll get a pony for you, but I can’t carry you another day.”
Mrsha looked up at Wanderer and folded her arms. Her blank-eyed look of sad guilt turned into an expression vaguely reminiscent of her mother’s look.
See here a minute! She wagged a finger at the Gnoll. You can’t just carry me off, tell me I’m Doom and then tell me I have to do all the running to wherever we’re going to! Am I a [Damsel] or not?
Wanderer looked blankly at the indignant little Gnoll’s face and her flashing paws.
“I can’t understand whatever you’re saying. Bite my fur…Coinpurse owes me a hundred drinks. Listen…Mrsha. We’re going to have to change your name too.”
He squatted down. The Gnoll fixed Mrsha with a serious look, his brown eyes intent on her. Mrsha slowed. She didn’t know his name, his class, or where they were going. She was going willingly—or not trying to bite him—but she was still closer to a hostage than companion.
Yet she had to know. If she had gotten Erin…Mrsha swallowed as Wanderer looked at her.
