8.31
Page 0

(Side story chapter AND edited chapter are delayed due to…Windows Update. See Author’s Note for details. Blame Microsoft.)
 
Across Izril, people and things were moving at high speeds.
At high relative velocity—like Ryoka expelling the contents of her guts onto the floor as the curse on her added a new layer of excitement to her life.
With great distances covered each day, as with the doughty band of Goblins, Antinium, Humans…Gnoll…Vampire…and Drake who marched down the road, on the lookout for attacks from Hectval or monsters or anyone, really.
Antinium, jogging along seemingly without the need to rest, behind riding Goblins, or next to the one wagon loaded with ammunition, supplies, and so on.
Octavia rode on that, feeling marginally less useful than the potions and ingredients she’d loaded up. She watched as Garia, Fals, and Fierre jogged together, the dark umbrella over Fierre’s head bobbing. At Sergeant Gna, muttering to herself and staring at all the others.
The Goblins, arguing in their tongue. The Antinium, without sound following Bird, who was singing a Bird-song…
Numbtongue, who rode at the fore of the group, aside from Snapjaw and Icecube scouting from overhead, and Xeu, somewhere unseen, also prowling for enemies…or maybe eliminating them without telling anyone.
The Goblin was emblematic of the party, by and large. He was silent. Grim. The others might be a bit more talkative, but they were committed.
“We’re going across Izril. In search of Mrsha. We might run into armies or…we don’t know who took her.”
Octavia’s voice as she murmured to herself made the group look back. Badarrow’s head swung around; it was Ulvama who turned. The [Shaman] barked at Octavia.
“Gnolls.”
As if that said everything that needed to be said, she turned and kept riding along, doing surprisingly well on her horse compared to almost all the other riders. She had actual experience, unlike some who thought you could just jump on a horse’s back and have it carry you off into the wild blue yonder.
“Yes, but…now I’m thinking of it, it’s huge. We might be going all the way to Zeres. We might be fighting…”
Octavia trailed off as someone looked back at her. This time it was Numbtongue. The [Bard] grunted.
“Second thoughts? Go back. You might die.”
Octavia met his gaze.
“I know. It’s not that, Numbtongue.”
He eyed her, grunted, but Octavia was one of his few friends. So the [Bard] slowed a bit.
“What, then?”
“This. It’s…a great journey, Numbtongue. A…you know.”
Octavia looked around. Didn’t the others see it? Gna just stared blankly at the Stitch-Girl. Salkis, the strange Drake, might have understood, but just grinned to herself, eyeing everyone.
Garia’s head turned. Fierre glanced up as Octavia elaborated for the blank Goblins and Antinium, who had politely turned to stare as they marched.
“A quest. An adventure.”
The Vampire’s head rose. She looked back at Octavia. Numbtongue was giving her a blank look, but Fierre smiled, a pointed grin. She hadn’t wanted to say it either, but Garia looked at her and Fals and the City Runner gave them a small smile.
A concerned one, but the Humans and Vampire felt it.
The Goblins? They glanced at each other and chuckled. One of the Cave Goblins poked the Redfang. Adventure? They all snorted. Sounded like a good way to die.
The Antinium glanced at Bird for confirmation that they had inadvertently embarked on an adventure. Pivr wondered to himself if the Flying Queen would approve. Then again, if Ksmvr could do it, so could he. Bird tilted his head.
