8.31
Page 9
It turned out Ekhtouch saw things differently. When Gireulashia spoke, they listened. Not only that—the Gnolls of all three tribes were told they had free access to the Ekhtouch camp, with the obvious proviso that Gire and the others could mingle with them.
“They have never granted such rights before! Not even to the other great tribes! It must be Honored Gireulashia. Please, Honored Inkarr—take care not to offend her.”
“I will.”
Inkar assured Cetrule, who was admonishing Satar and Cers the same way. The younger [Shaman] gazed at the Ekhtouch Gnolls, half-nodding to Cetrule as Cers listened to his father, peeking at them.
They knew it was important, but…even Krshia was distracted. Because Ekhtouch was so interesting.
The young of Ekhtouch were almost never seen outside of their tribe. Perhaps because Ekhtouch had a reputation to maintain; any flaws in their ‘perfect’ people might reflect on their product…which was them.
There were many things to be made uncomfortable by, since they were a species that did what Terandrian nobility did; breed for perfection. That you could do it in this world…well, Inkar was no fool, but she understood Ekhtouch’s arranged matches had produced many ties in the Meeting of Tribes and as they met other tribes.
Satar herself was a product of that relationship, and so some of the Gnolls regarded her like a…half-cousin. Marred by imperfection, yet one of them, family forever because she was a descendant of the same ties that kept their tribe alive.
It made Satar patently uncomfortable. Inkar, though, was drawn to the children.
Like Gire, they were all larger or quicker than other children their age. They had smooth fur of all colors, and they were nimble and quick. They learned and grew fast, such that she was astonished to see a walking Gnoll cub who was only a year old! Even Cers couldn’t walk on two legs unless someone made him.
“Can I play with them?”
Cers whined. Cetrule hushed him, but one of the children had spotted Cers. Ekhtouch and Silverfang watched as a girl raced over on all fours.
“We are allowed to speak with you. You are Silverfang. Do you want to play tag?”
She spoke, a bit too eloquently, and Cers blinked. But in a second he was grinning and showing her a ball Aunt Krshia had given him—he tossed it and they were racing off like a shot. Cers wasn’t too slow to play tag—until Inkar realized he was playing with children several years younger than he was and they were just as fast or faster.
The interesting thing was their games. Tag, fetch the ball, those were normal. But as the Silverfangs walked the camp, looking for Gire and trying not to openly spy, they heard two teenage Gnolls talking as they fletched arrows. One spoke.
“Weasel.”
The other returned, unperturbed.
“Lech.”
“Harlot.”
“Tease.”
“Embarrassment.”
“Temptress.”
At that, the other Gnoll glanced up. He sniffed at his companion, looking victorious.
“I am male. It does not follow.”
“Temptress can be male or female, I opine. You just ran out of insults that begin with ‘s’.”
She snapped back. Inkar looked from one to the other and realized—they weren’t insulting each other, they were playing a word-game.
“Sycophant.”
He retorted instantly, and she wavered just a hair too long, lost, and threw down her arrow in disgust before they began again.
“Animals, next. Taurus.”
“Snake…”
Meanwhile, the children Cers’ age were eager to show this strange Gnoll boy some more games. One paused, ball in hand.
“Let’s show him the game of Triumphs! Me first, me first! I’ll do…words and ball and tumbling!”
“Only three?”
