8.31
Page 24
Unfortunately, the Gnolls were getting closer to their location. Wanderer and Mrsha hadn’t been that visible; they were in the lee of a hill, not on top of it, but the Gnolls had seen where they were from afar and were coming to investigate. Only their distance was saving them from finding exactly where the two were, and the uncertainty of if they had been white Gnolls or not.
“How did you not see if they were white-furred or not? Anyone can tell. That’s white, that’s blonde. Simple, even from afar!”
One of the [Hunters] was arguing with the other who’d seen them. She was defensive.
“I’m a bit colorblind, alright? Everything looks similar from afar!”
“Oh. Sorry.”
“Well, let’s just ask them what they’re about. Two travelling Gnolls isn’t that usual, especially a child. If they’re parent and child, no harm. If the child can’t talk—”
“We rescue her?”
“Nope, we run back to the tribe and play dumb. Apparently the older one’s dangerous. So if we sense something’s off, just smile, make excuses, and…”
“Damn, they’re coming here.”
Wanderer whispered. He checked himself and Mrsha saw him look at his staff. She froze.
Wanderer had killed the Gnolls coming after her. These were innocent [Hunters]! She shook her head. Wanderer pointed. If they find us, they’ll kill us.
No! She shook her head. He growled.
“Last resort. I’ll try something else first. Hold on…I’m not sure if…” He closed his eyes, and frowned. Mrsha didn’t know what Skill he was using, but it wasn’t immediately apparent.
The [Hunters] were closing in. They couldn’t smell the dye, but they were picking up some scent of the two. They closed in, growing silent, and Wanderer’s eyes were shut. Mrsha was tensed. She didn’t want more Gnolls to die! What was he doing? Could he defeat them without hurting them? Even if he did, the tribe would know. What could they do? Maybe she could use her magic? She reached for her wand.
Then, it happened. Mrsha heard a braying call in the distance, then a flurry of curses not a hundred feet distant. She peeked over the hilltop and saw the [Hunters] whirling.
They had been heading straight for them! Yet suddenly they were pointing, moving away. She heard them shouting.
“Dead gods and fur lice! The Corusdeer herd! That buck’s coming right after us! I thought we distracted it!”
“Don’t talk, move! They’ll char us to bits, go, go!”
Suddenly, the Gnolls were moving! They were running, debating dropping the two deer they’d killed as the angry Corusdeer herd sought vengeance for the [Hunters]’ attack. They fled, climbing higher where the Corusdeer couldn’t follow.
Distracted. Mrsha stared. That…that couldn’t be a coincidence! It was beyond any credibility.
Nor was it a Skill. Wanderer had opened his eyes and he looked relieved.
“We’ll move while they’re distracted. I’ll use a stealth-Skill. I’ll carry you.”
He gestured. Mrsha looked at him, then back towards the [Hunters]. She put it together in one moment.
He had used his power? Wanderer saw her look. At his fur. He nodded slowly, meeting her eyes.
“I told you we had power. This is it.”
Mrsha looked at him. Then her little face fell. Her eyes turned bleak and guilty.
Doom.
A paw touched her shoulder. Wanderer shook his head, as if he could read her thoughts.
“Not doom. Luck.”
Mrsha blinked. Then—he scooped her up and they ran. Her eyes were round. She looked back.
Luck? Luck? What were they?
Rabbits?
 
—-
 
Mrsha’s pursuers were far distant, even the ones who had started first.
An entire day of marching—or in Octavia’s case, riding along the wagon, brought them nearly past the Bloodfields in one go.
