8.31
Page 27
Octavia remarked to Numbtongue. He nodded slowly, but didn’t seem surprised.
“Bird is Bird. Maybe Klbkch taught him.”
Sergeant Gna’s ears perked up. Salkis rubbed her claws together.
“I don’t know who any of those are. You mean Klbkch the Slayer? That’s Bird the [Hunter], right? He slaughtered Wyverns at Pallass. He’s also a [General]?”
She gestured at Bird, impressed and wary. Octavia and Numbtongue chuckled at the assessment, but they realized Salkis really didn’t know him at all. For answer, Octavia gave her the most charitable answer.
“Miss Salkis, Bird is uh…Bird. He’s a bit odd, but he’s good at whatever he does.”
“I can see that. Uh—should I watch out for them in my sleep? You know? Goblins. Or the Antinium?”
Salkis jerked a claw at the Goblins. One of the Cave Goblins looked astounded and flipped a finger at her. The Antinium also heard.
“We are not given orders to kill you at this point. Your safety is assured unless we are attacked.” Pivr answered. Then he paused.
“Well, the Flying Antinium promise this. Where is Xeu? The Silent Antinium may be seeking additional targets.”
“We. Are not.”
Someone spoke right next to Gna as she was setting up her bedroll. She yelped, and rolled away with a short sword in her paw, and stared as the landscape shifted.
Xeu, the Silent Antinium slunk past Gna, who backed up. Her scythe-arms rubbed with a gentle metallic sound, but she had been silent, invisible up till now.
“Dead fucking gods!”
Fals shouted. Even the Goblins started; even some of the Antinium. Everyone had almost forgotten Xeu had been part of the first group.
“There you are, Prognugator Xeu. Where have you been?”
“Scouting. Three minor threats eliminated. Proximity to danger-zone Bloodfields. Resting now. Does Revalantor Bird have further orders?”
Xeu rested, her body already beginning to chameleon itself into invisibility. Octavia edged closer to Numbtongue.
“I forgot she was with us!”
He nodded, but Snapjaw was already relaxed and grinning.
“Strong allies, eh? As good as Poisonbite at hiding! Better! Also, Drake, we don’t have bad sex. That’s Mountain City Goblins.”
She pointed at Ulvama. The [Shaman] froze as she was coming down the hill. Snapjaw and Ulvama locked gazes and the air grew frosty. Badarrow nudged Snapjaw.
“Stop.”
Interesting. Niers, Gna, Fierre…well, practically everyone noticed the rift between Goblins at that. Fierre rested her chin on her hands.
“If even the Goblins aren’t united…and the Antinium too?”
She glanced at the two foreign Antinium. Prognugators she understood, at least the leadership term. She was itching to look into Revalantors and maybe sell data, but she wasn’t at work.
“We’re all here together. Let’s just relax, okay?”
Garia tried to play Erin, smiling around and booming. The farm-girl turned City Runner was already rummaging in her bag of holding.
“I bet we’re all hungry. I’ve got lots of food for the road. Who wants to cook, or are we doing it separately?”
Another pause. Octavia looked around. The Goblins shrugged. It was Gna who muttered.
“I suppose we can pool rations. All I’ve got is travel stuff. Dry. If anyone wants to cook…I’ve got [Survival Veteran]. It uh, lets me cook at a level a bit below [Basic Cooking].”
A level a bit below…heads immediately turned to Garia. She shrugged.
“I can cook too. Fals, you have [Basic Cooking], yeah?”
“Yup. Anyone got that beat?”
No hands immediately rose. Fierre knew how to cook—mostly blood dishes. Snapjaw had decent abilities, and Numbtongue could call on Pyrite, but only for a minute. Octavia pursed her lips.
“I could help. I’m good at recipes.”
