8.31
Page 21
What a mess of conflicting professions and styles. Merish watched as Xherw gestured to Ulcre and the [Shaman] stopped the fighting. The Gnolls worked.
“Southeast. Along the High Passes?”
“I sense proximity to Drake stone. Maybe along the cities?”
“So they’re heading southeast, possibly close to cities.”
Merish interpreted the many Gnolls’ commentary and arguments. It wasn’t much to go on, but it did help.
…The problem was, there were a lot of cities, and a lot of ways you could take that. The map of Izril along the High Passes which formed the border between north and south was huge. Xherw growled.
“I will keep them at it and keep in contact with you, Merish. That may be enough to go on. It is frustratingly imprecise. The older Doombringer must be powerful.”
“Then I shall arm myself well, Chieftain. I would like more information, but I will set out and hope more knowledge reveals itself.”
Xherw nodded.
“That is all we can do. Unless…my last expert has an opinion?”
Both Gnolls glanced up. The arguing [Seers] and [Shamans] looked up, offended. They stared at the Gnoll, who had posed so his glasses flashed as his head rose.
“Heh. You can fool magic and Skills, but not numbers, Chieftain Xherw.”
“So you say. You know where they are then, Yelroan?”
The [Mathematician] smirked at the offended magic-users. He turned to Merish and Xherw with a superior look and shook his head.
“No idea. I need more data.”
Merish slapped his forehead. Yelroan did another pose.
“I’ll collect more data. Rest assured, I’ll have an answer soon. A real one, not ‘southeast’. Unlike spells, math doesn’t lie.”
He smirked until a fish hit the back of his head.
 
—-
 
Merish was supposed to engage in more ceremonies to deal with his nightmares and trauma.
He attended only one more, and it was to gather the Gnolls he wanted to join him. They heard him out.
“Doombringers.”
Viri hovered at the gathering. So did Khaze, clearly worried; the children were put to bed. Merish had moved fast, but he still took till nightfall to gather what he needed.
They’d be riding horses and running next to them for maximum speed. He had Gnolls from the Plain’s Eye Tribe—Xherw had given him all but the very best to recruit from and Merish had chosen experts. Trackers, those who could speed them up, and so on.
But for fighting potential, he went to the Gnolls who had come from Rhir. Survivors of 5th Wall.
“5th wall stands. I fought with great warriors from every corner of the world. We faced the Death of Magic and held her back.”
He gave a speech to them, as the warriors looked at him. Merish was supposed to speak of his experiences, hence him attending this ceremony. He was here to recruit them—but he had taken the time to speak. He had already prepared, and it felt like a waste if he did not.
Yet the words made him question them even as he spoke.
Lies. Were they lies? They had fought ghosts, illusions of magic. Had they stopped her? Had they done…anything?
Had their sacrifice mattered? He wanted, had to believe that the answer was yes. He had to.
Merish went on.
“We were not friends until that last month, but we came to Rhir and fought. We did not run. We held the line, and then we went home. The only difference was…they went back before I did.”
Cirille. Vorn. All the others. He closed his eyes. He had heard of the ghosts who walked from Rhir. Merish stood there as the Gnolls listened in silence. Then he looked at the other survivors.
