8.31
Page 11
“I am…entertaining our guests!”
Gire called over her shoulder, peevishly. The Ekhtouch Gnoll was made of sterner stuff than most; maybe it was the silver in her mane that Krshia suspected indicated she had helped raise Gire.
“She knows. One ‘point’, Gire.”
“Very well. Inkarr, I must go play this game. May I see it after I come back?”
Gire handed the iPhone back. Bemused, Inkar nodded.
“Of course. If you want to play…”
To her surprise, Gire scowled, not at all enamored by the game which a lot of Gnolls found so enjoyable.
“No. It will be quick.”
 
—-
 
The game of soccer or football depending on where you were from was popular among Izril’s people. Baseball had its charms, but kicking a ball around was something anyone could do. All you needed was the ball, after all, and Joseph was a celebrity.
So small wonder countless Gnolls wanted to play with the balls that Rose had brought with her from Liscor. The autographed ones courtesy of Joseph were being carefully gifted by Akrisa.
Then again, this game was all about showing off, and there were Gnolls from numerous tribes trying to prove that Pallass’ team would be nothing in the Meeting of Tribes.
They certainly had lots of Skills. One Gnoll kicked the ball so high that Inkar swore it was nearly a minute in coming down—he was told not to do that again. Another Steelfur Gnoll playing goalkeeper blocked a shot at five feet away—with his face. She just blinked and laughed as the ball bounced off her fur.
Gire stomped into the field, not looking as excited as the others. She had been ordered to score a goal, to prove Ekhtouch could do anything. The other Gnolls, [Warriors] and [Rangers], even a [Chieftain], looked like they were still having fun.
“Ekhtouch is playing? That’s Honored Gireulashia! Let’s see how she does! A Gnoll from Emaspath’s tribe has the ball and she looks quick!”
A Gnoll was taking Drassi’s job of announcer. Sure enough, a Gnoll was leaving a blurred path across the field as some Skill took her forwards.
Gire stood a dozen paces in front of the goal on her side and scratched at her arm, looking unhappy. Already, the soccer pitch had been doubled in size and it might need to be tripled, depending on the Skills at play.
Inkar was curious, so she watched only Gire as she stared at the game. Gire was at once shy and imposing, intelligent and childish. She seemed happy enough to race about; was it just the iPhone that made her so unhappy?
The Emaspath’s Gnoll saw Gire standing in front of the goal, and wavered. Another Gnoll raced forwards, waving a paw.
“Here!”
They came towards the Steelfur Gnoll again, watching out for Gire as more Gnolls ran after them—or slowed to see how Gire would do. The [Paragon] stood still, staring around, scratching her arm…waiting.
Both Gnolls slowed, but then the Emaspath’s [Scout] shot towards the goal. At the last moment, she kicked the ball towards the other Gnoll. He responded with a shout.
“[Dust Kick]!”
He actually had a kicking Skill! The [Fighter] didn’t kick the ball, but rather, dug his foot into the ground and then kicked up a wall of dust over Gire.
And the spectators. They cursed and coughed as the [Grasslands Fighter] passed the ball back to the [Scout]. Another move that was going to end up with the player disqualified…but the [Scout] launched the ball back at the goalkeeper, who was still facing the [Fighter], drawn in by the feint and Skill, shielding her face.
