8.31
Page 28
Of course the [Alchemist] was. Fals rubbed his hands together, then finally noticed the person waving his hand indignantly.
“Oh. Uh…are you better?”
The Cave Goblin glaring at him finally got the attention of the others. It had been waving its hand non-stop, but no one had noticed. Everyone turned to look at the Goblin.
“…Let’s let the Human cook.”
Gna muttered sotto voce. However, Numbtongue was intrigued. He glanced at Badarrow.
“Huh. I don’t know that Cave Goblin. Which one of us did he learn from?”
He. That was more information than the others knew. Cave Goblin? Badarrow shrugged. He pointed.
“You…”
Then he lapsed into the Goblin’s tongue. The Cave Goblin replied, almost indignantly, and smacked his chest and then his lips. He pointed to the air above his head, and then shrugged.
“What was that?”
Salkis laughed, but Octavia had some inkling. The Goblin had said about three words and done that ridiculous pantomime. Yet Numbtongue answered evenly.
“He said he was a Cave Goblin who learned from Rabbiteater. Which means he knows cooking. Not as good as Pebblesnatch, but he has [Basic Cooking] and two more cooking Skills. He’ll help or do cooking if we let him.”
The others stared at Numbtongue. In a bit of surprise or—incredulity.
“Wait a second, he didn’t say all that just now, Numbtongue. You’re putting words in his mouth.” Garia protested. Numbtongue shook his head.
“He did. Lots of words. Also, not ‘he’. His name is Rasktooth.”
The others turned to look at the Goblin. Gna frowned mightily.
“Odd name. Why’s that?”
For answer, the Cave Goblin laughed and fished something out of his tunic. He had armor on, and underneath the cloth itself…he pulled out a necklace with one long canine fang.
A Raskghar’s tooth. A trophy from dead oppressors. He bared his teeth.
“I take.”
Gna blinked at him. So did Fals.
“I’ll uh…I’d welcome the help. If we want to combine Skills, maybe?”
He meant to make sure everything was going according to normal rules of edibility, but Rasktooth was already investigating the small mountain of vegetables and prepared goods Garia had pulled out. In the end he shrugged and just grabbed a lot of dried noodles.
“Big pot. Big fry. Big eat. Slice, slice. Big taste paste.”
He communicated well. Boil the noodles, fry up meat and vegetables—slice those. Big taste paste referred to a pot of seasoning. Fals squatted there, warily, but getting into it.
“A stir-up? That sounds good for so many. Great! Er, how do you want to—”
Rasktooth was slapping vegetables on a cutting board as he chattered to another Cave Goblin, who begrudgingly filled a pot with water and began to hang it over the fire. He gave Fals a look.
I’m not an idiot. Stop getting in my way.
The City Runner hesitated—then stopped asking questions.
As the food began, Pivr watched. He turned to Bird
“We cannot ingest gluten. Revalantor Bird, have we alternative food sources? If not, I have secured ample provisions.”
Bird looked up; he’d missed the food talk in whispering to a little bag for anything else he needed to know. Belatedly, he saw the noodles.
“Oh no. I should shoot some birds.”
“No need. Here. Antinium! Sustenance is prepared.”
Pivr dug in his bag of holding. The Antinium gathered around and saw him disgorge a huge, ample portion of nutrient…
Slop. Sergeant Gna instantly clapped a paw over her nose. Fierre’s own nose wrinkled and Salkis gagged.
“What in the name of the walls is that?”
