8.31
Page 23
For some reason…it felt impossible to say. Merish opened and closed his mouth.
“—I will explain in a bit. We must go as fast as we possibly can.”
The Lizardman nodded, and they all moved quicker. You didn’t talk while riding this hard, anyways.
Yet that was another excuse. Merish silently frowned. Viri might not understand. He had to explain it to him…properly. Explain…
He had never, ever thought of how to explain why Doombringers had to die to another people. They would not understand, of course, which was why they were not told. But Viri had to. It made sense, after all. It was right. Merish just had to explain it—properly.
They rode forwards as Merish realized even this was no longer as easy as it used to be.
 
—-
 
Wanderer stopped Mrsha by the end of the second day. Panting, the little Gnoll opened her mouth for another gulp of stamina potion, but he had halted them for other reasons.
“Time to dye ourselves. Past time. We will be hunted, and I fear…” He was glancing at something. A scroll, bearing bad news. Alrric had broken their silence to warn him. Wanderer cursed, and pulled something from his pouch.
Dye. Mrsha hated dye. She shrank back, but Wanderer crouched down.
“Don’t worry. This isn’t going to smell. Nor will it itch or make your hair dry and crack like other dyes. Water doesn’t wash it off easily either. It took Shadows and Spellcaster a long time to synthesize it. Now, which color should you be? We should be similar, but when we get to Salazsar, you can create a pattern, even.”
Mrsha blinked as he offered her a choice of colors. Not just brown? Not just Lyonette’s smelly dye she used for her hair and Mrsha’s fur—once or twice?
This dye was a lot easier to use. You didn’t have to soak in it—you just added a powder to water, and lathered it on. Wanderer had a tub and Mrsha could actually roll around in it.
She came out with reddish black fur, and Wanderer applied a similar, lighter coat. Mrsha stared at herself in a mirror as he checked for white spots.
“Who are you, strange Gnoll?”
She sniffed at herself, but it really was scentless. They were just finishing up when Wanderer’s head rose.
“Not a second too soon. Damn. Would you look at that?”
He pointed. Mrsha turned her head, and he grabbed her, pressing her down. They stared at something in the distance.
“Gnolls.”
Plains Gnolls. They were loping along. Mrsha stared at them, and then Wanderer. What was the problem? They were dyed, just in time. But the Gnoll growled.
“They’re looking for us. Worse—your friend has told every tribe there’s a white adult with my description and a child who are Doombringers.”
Mrsha’s eyes widened. Then she looked at the Gnolls.
Drassi.
The Gnolls were a band of six, [Hunters] nominally. But it looked like they had come back from a kill of two Corusdeer and were looking about. Wanderer glowered, then pointed a ring at them. Mrsha would have grabbed his paw, but he just twisted a ring and suddenly she heard their voices, still a bit muffled, but enhanced by the magic.
“I saw two just like that. They were running down a hill. I wasn’t sure if the little one was a prisoner—she looked like she was having fun, but they were movement Skills. I thought their fur was light, but it was far off…”
“Damn. I didn’t know a tribe had gone this far north! They’re supposed to be at the Meeting of Tribes!”
Wanderer snarled. He cursed himself, and Drassi, and the Gnolls. Mrsha felt Drassi was fair, and him. The Gnolls were just minding their own business.
