8.31
Page 25
Dismayingly slow compared to that strange white Gnoll, Snapjaw reported. She landed, looking frustrated as Icecube gulped down a bucket of water from a bag of holding.
It still awed Octavia, and probably a lot of their companions, that a Frost Wyvern was flying in their company. City Runner, [Alchemist], and Frost Wyvern. One of these things did not fit in.
The difference in levels and abilities also became more apparent as Snapjaw leaned over to talk with the Hobs and Bird. Sergeant Gna listened in, as did Fierre; the rest stretched or took the moment to break and tend to the horses.
“Stupid Gnoll tracks. Hard to follow. Looks like every fifty feet…then less. Gets tired, but too fast. Like fast-fast death runners.”
She indicated the road ahead, then pointed at Fals and Garia. They looked up.
“Even Hawk takes a week to get from Liscor to Pallass! How is one Gnoll better?”
Fierre frowned, checking her burnt skin despite her layers of protection.
“My guess is he’s not. Movement Skills, stamina potions explain half of it, but remember he’s got a road. Hawk used to make this run without this new road, and his was a benchmark for the Runner’s Guild.”
“Oh, he was that good?”
Octavia saw Sergeant Gna raise her brows, unaware that Liscor’s Courier was the hero of Runners everywhere. Fierre shook her head.
“Benchmark. He was…sort of average. It’s not like the fastest he can do.”
“Oh.”
Fals frowned and looked at Snapjaw.
“Er…Miss Goblin.”
Snapjaw’s head rotated about. So did Badarrow’s. Snapjaw pointed at her chest, looking delighted.
“Me?”
“Yes?”
Fals looked nervous and Garia whispered in his ear.
“That’s Snapjaw.”
“Oh. Sorry.”
Flustered, Fals looked at Snapjaw and then slightly away. He was…nervous. Octavia forgot how non-Inn guests were so afraid of Goblins still.
“I was just saying that if we can see the tracks, we might be able to tell what kind of movement Skill it is. It sounds like he’s propelling himself forwards, not [Double Step] or anything else. That’s a Skill that moves faster on flat ground, maybe.”
“Interesting.”
The Runner’s knowledge of movement Skills exceeded even Fierre’s own. Snapjaw chortled.
“I can show.”
“Lead the way, Snapjaw.”
“No. Miss Goblin. I like that. Call me Miss Goblin. Sounds…person-like. Very nice.”
She slapped Badarrow on the shoulder. He grunted.
The little interplay was interesting more in how it disclosed the clear differences between this band. And while Mrsha was the common cause, there was no Erin as of yet to keep them together, just the memory of her.
Sergeant Gna stared at Snapjaw with ill-disguised hostility. Badarrow glanced at her, and she looked away. Salkis just stared at the Frost Wyvern.
“Awesome.”
They kept moving, but it became clear they would not fully clear the Blood Fields in one night. Even going as far as they had was amazing and due to Bird’s new Skill. As they made camp, Octavia stretched.
“How are we sleeping? Tents? I have one or something…”
“I’ll sleep under the wagon. That’s how my family travelled. Unless there are bugs or it’s muddy, it’s not bad and it saves time.”
Fierre offered. Fals and Garia looked surprised.
“I’ve never done that in my life. We just get out a bedroll—or the ground if it’s soft—and lie down. Like them, see?”
The Goblins were just tossing their things down and arranging them next to their sleeping space around the beginnings of a fire. Ulvama had created one with astonishing ease. She just dropped firewood out of a bag of holding, kicked it together, and pointed and it burst into flame.
“Civilians.”
