8.31
Page 16
“Let me speak! Are you all cubs or [Warriors]? Scopikl, it’s good to see you. Where’s Emrhi?”
“Outhouse. And keep away from her—she ate something she shouldn’t have.”
The others laughed. Merish fell into their company with ease, and soon they were marching towards the nearest tent serving free drinks. Plain’s Eye [Warriors] got them free, at least—the [Kegmaster] took one look at their markings and especially Merish’s [Shamanic Warrior] ones and served them up some cheap ale.
“No Velrusk for Merish?”
One of them demanded. Merish cuffed her on the back of the head.
“Stop that. Ale is fine. Our thanks.”
Drink, eat, and swap stories. Now that felt familiar, at least. Merish stood with them in the middle of the festivities, chatting, then walked around the Plain’s Eye camp, and caught up on what he’d missed.
…Not a lot. Oh, it was the same old as he’d always known. The Gnolls told him who had retired, gotten too hurt, switched classes, married into another tribe or just married, interesting gossip and funny accidents, and battles won or lost.
It was only after an hour and a second round of drinks they got into who had died. Bad stories, rumors, mirrors of Merish’s trauma, but lighter. He told them a bit too, and they listened in somber silence to his tales of the Death of Magic.
“A terrible thing, Merish. I am sorry I was so flippant. It was wrong of me, no.”
“Think nothing of it Scopikl. We all lose friends. Here and on Rhir. I only hope the reinforcements are guarded well on Rhir.”
All the Gnolls nodded somberly. They paused, in that moment where nothing could be said or should be said. Merish knew it well. However, then a Gnoll who’d rejoined them spoke.
Emhri had left two more times for the restroom, but whatever she’d eaten seemed to have finally passed out of her system. No one spoke of the smell; you smelled everything and got used to the bad ones and the good ones. Humans, now, and Drakes, they complained when they did smell something, as if the Gnoll in the area hadn’t smelled it five minutes earlier and far more vividly.
“If we speak of tragedies—maybe there is something I could bring up to you. I know it’s for the [Chieftains] and [Shamans] to decide, but it troubles me. A rumor, Merish. Well—not a rumor since I know it to be true.”
He lowered his mug, realizing he had his appetite back. Merish peered at Emhri.
“What have you been listening in on?”
She raised her paws defensively and flattened her ears.
“Nothing! I swear! I just have friends and I knew what was happening—we talk. I didn’t tell anyone, but…you’re a [Chief Warrior], Merish. You might be called on.”
The other Gnolls glanced at each other. Merish folded his arms.
“What?”
“Something…happened yesterday. I saw [Shamans] running about, and word got to me…that I know what happened is because I saw them leaving. It’s not as if someone told me to keep my mouth shut, no.”
“Spit it out, Emhri.”
She growled, but then nodded and leaned in. Whispering so only they would hear, the Gnoll [Warrior] spoke.
“Merish. A [Hunt Leader] took seventeen [Warriors] out weeks ago. Maybe a month? I can’t remember. All I know was that I knew some of the Gnolls who went. Good ones. They were all over Level 20, and the leader over Level 30. A Vision of Seir. I’ve seen them gather like that before.”
Merish’s brows rose. A Vision of Seir, like Shatterstrike Warriors, was an internal term. This referred to a heavily-armed group in small numbers, to scout or harass an enemy.
“Not bad. What were they after? Creler scouting?”
“No…and listen. They were wiped out. Every Gnoll.”
