8.31
Page 8
Run as if you were falling, pushing off the ground in bigger leaps and bounds as you leapt.
The two flashed past an antelope bounding down the slope, away from the potential predators. The silly creature actually stopped and stared at them flying past. Mrsha could almost hear its thoughts.
I thought I was fast!
Then it happened. As Mrsha was running, she saw a rock straight in front of her. She swerved to avoid and her paws slipped on a patch of stones. She hurtled towards the rock and then pushed—
Mrsha flipped over the top of the boulder. She landed, turned her head, wide-eyed, looking back at the amazing stunt she’d pulled, and nearly fell into a crevasse. Wanderer laughed as he caught her.
“You’re a natural after all! Now—watch. This is how you complete [Grasshopper’s Run].”
So saying, he transferred Mrsha to one arm. Then Wanderer planted the stave he was running with on the ground. He pushed hard and vaulted over the small crevasse with Mrsha under one arm.
For a moment—they flew. Then, Wanderer put Mrsha down and they ran on. She bounded up slopes, jumped, and flipped, twisting through the air. Laughing—for a second just enjoying herself. Until she saw Wanderer grinning and realized it should have been Ryoka. Mrsha turned to look back, but she didn’t know where Liscor lay.
And…she had to know. Mrsha followed Wanderer. To learn the truth of her fur. Her power.
She realized what it meant soon enough. For…
They were being hunted.
 
—-
 
Inkar was used to Gnolls by and large after having been adopted by her tribe.
She was not used to Ekhtouch, but circumstances had contrived to put her in close proximity with one of the more unique tribes of Gnolls in the world.
“I do not know if there is any circumstance in which they would welcome us into their camps in this way. Even if we were ‘allies’ in another Meeting of Tribes, it would be political, not like this.”
[Shaman] Cetrule whispered as Satar, Cers, Inkar, Tkrn, Krshia, and a group of other Silverfangs came to visit the Ekhtouch Tribe. Akrisa was still talking with Chieftain Firrelle and the others, who were considering the angle of Earth in a new light.
The cat was out of the bag, to use Rose’s expression, a phrase that invited a lot of questions when she’d used it and everyone else scrutinized her hobbies. It was not what Krshia wanted, having planned to reveal the secret of Earth—but now that Steelfur knew, things were moving fast.
Politics in large made Inkar nervous, but the concrete benefit in the small way—or not so small as she turned out to be was the giant, Gire.
A fifteen year-old Gnoll who was second-tallest of any Gnoll here. Smart, quick—she’d snuck up behind Tkrn and Inkar to stare at the phone. Sweet too; she had apologized so much for overreacting. It was thanks to her, and her alone that Ekhtouch had decided to put their weight behind the other tribes.
It was not just Firrelle, either. Why else were so many Gnolls staring—albeit from behind the hide ‘walls’ each tribe used for privacy’s sake at this odd turn of events? Ekhtouch was busy setting up their camp.
Next to Silverfang. It was a bit of an uproar in the Meeting of Tribes. They had abandoned their spot in the center of the gathering, uprooted their tents overnight, and were settling in over here. Countless Gnolls were wondering what had happened. Why had Ekhtouch decided to move here and state their affiliation so openly?
Gire. When she had convinced her Chieftain to support Akrisa, Inkar had known she had influence, but she was still a child.
