8.31
Page 29
She pointed and an orange and brown…no, there was green. It was mold. But it was probably edible mold and, all things given, the most appetizing part of the nutrient paste that Antinium produced.
“Efficient food. Storeable. Compact. No fire or preparation needed.”
Pivr extolled the benefits of Antinium food. The Free Antinium looked at each other. They looked at the fire, and Fals and Rasktooth, staring in horror at the abomination of cuisine.
They edged towards the fire. They’d be happy with incontinent stomachs.
“We are not eating that, Pivr.”
“Y-yeah. We can make non-noodle food! Anything! Really. Just—put that away, please?”
Fals waved at Pivr. The Antinium, disgruntled, kicked the food into his bag of holding. The dirt would not interfere with the taste or quality of the food either. Xeu rubbed her scythes together.
“Alternative to noodles required?”
“Yes. I will shoot a bird. Or bat. Or many.”
Bird tilted his head up at the sky. Xeu shook her body, having to scuttle left and right to perform the action.
“Alternative food source. I have.”
“Really? Well then, I will eat it.”
Bird looked up. Niers frowned, poking his head out of the bag. The others watched as Xeu scuttled off. Fierre, who was watching as the Antinium formed a wall between the wagon and road, frowned.
“Wait a second. Where is she going?”
Xeu scuttled right past her, vanishing into the land beyond. But she was headed towards the road…past the road…towards the distant red earth. The area far, far out of range for even the spores or deadly tricks of—
“The Bloodfields. Xeu, wait!”
Octavia screamed, but it was too late. Xeu was gone. Half the party rose to their feet. Ulvama swore as Goblins, Humans, Vampire, Gnoll, and more raced after Xeu. She took five steps forwards, looked back, and then caught herself.
“What am I doing?”
Ulvama went to sit back down. She wasn’t going anywhere near that place.
Two Humans raced after Xeu. The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. Normen and the other man had also been forgotten, uncomfortable with everyone here. Now, they charged forwards, but were drawn up by a shout.
“No, you idiots! You’re not wilderness fighters! Fall back!” 
They slowed. Normen glanced over his shoulder. The voice was right. They were used to street fights; neither had ever seen the Bloodfields. Who had said…? Numbtongue raced past them, sword drawn. Normen moved to follow, but the Goblin had halted.
“Xeu! Stop!”
Numbtongue bellowed. Yet he couldn’t see the Silent Antinium. Everyone halted on the road, staring into the darkness. They saw the strange, alien fauna beyond.
Bloodfields. The deathly ‘sentry’ plants which impaled the ground, the bulbous plants holding insects within, cutting grass…a thousand things ready to slaughter you. Everyone remembered the Crelers—but even without them, the Bloodfields were dangerous.
Xeu though, was nowhere to be seen. Bird whirled to Pivr.
“Where is she?”
Pivr shrugged his wings.
“I do not know. Xeu is Silent Antinium. Her Queen would know.”
“You are unhelpful, Pivr.”
Bird twisted back, staring, but even his eyes couldn’t spot her amid the twilight. Fierre sniffed the breeze.
“I’m too far away to pick her out. Anyone else have better eyes? A Skill?”
Badarrow was squinting. Gna tried to pick up Xeu’s scent, but she had been odorless and Gna hadn’t detected her even when she was right next to the Antinium! The first sign of Xeu was when the Bloodfields abruptly moved. There was a flash—and one of the bulbous pods went pop. Everyone recoiled and heard distant thrumming.
“Look! There!”
