8.31
Page 30
Garia pointed in horror. Normen and the other Brother stared in shock as insects exploded out of one of the pods. They whirled around, having been disgorged from the trap-plant they’d infested by…what?
Xeu! The Silent Antinium became visible in a rending whirlwind of her scythe-arms. The little insects covered her, biting, trying to eat through her armor, but unlike flesh-beings, she was the superior insect.
“Dead gods, she’s slaughtering them!”
Sure enough, the swarm covered Xeu, and then fled. She scuttled around, the bag of holding attached to one limb, and then trotted back. Everyone stared as she appeared, covered in insect blood and bits, but unharmed.
“Food secured.”
She handed Fals a bag full of diced insects. He nearly dropped it. Rasktooth smacked his lips.
“Good extra. Make more fries.”
The others looked at him in horror. But the Antinium were all nodding. Good provisions. The bugs looked tasty.
 
—-
 
“I am not eating from that pan again. Did you make that before this plate? Or after?”
Sergeant Gna nearly threw down her plate of stir-fry when she saw the Antinium’s version. It was roughly the same. Crispy meat, vegetables, all glazed with a sauce to keep it together—Rasktooth also had [Natural Seasonings]. The only difference was that instead of chewy, flat noodles, theirs were fried insects.
Garia turned pale as the plate was handed to Bird. Fals hurried to reassure the others, looking queasy.
“I made it all before that. That’s…are you really going to eat that?”
Bird looked up from stuffing his face. The Free Antinium were accepting plates as Rasktooth and another Cave Goblin handed them out with every sign of enjoyment.
“It’s bugs. I knew they were insect-people but—I’m going to be sick.”
“Oh, stop being such a baby.”
Fierre snapped at last, unable to put up with the Sergeant’s constant complaining. Gna twisted.
“Excuse me, Miss?”
“It’s just bugs! You’re not eating them! Chickens eat bugs all the time. We eat chickens. Bugs are in grain—have you never seen a grasshopper leg in some wheat? I bet you eat at least one per year!”
Fierre was not impressed by the bugs; she was a farm girl. Garia looked a bit queasy, but nodded.
Rather, it was the city-folk, Gna included, who looked pale. Normen muttered into his plate as he reached for a stiff drink instead of water.
“No offense to the Antinium. Fine gents I hear, Miss. But that’s not something I’ve ever seen. Never heard of regular folk eating bugs, myself.”
“Nor me.”
Salkis and the two Brothers exchanged looks. All the Goblins tittered. They were amused. The city-folk glanced at them.
“Not ever eaten bugs? Fat Humans, fat Drakes and Gnolls. Never been hungry! Rasktooth, give us plate of bugs! Non-Goblins eat the rest.”
Snapjaw waved, a challenge in her eyes. She offered the plate back for the noodle-portion and the other Goblins gave up theirs too, grinning. All but Badarrow, who kicked Snapjaw when she poked him.
“I hate bugs.”
Ulvama refused too, but the Goblin’s teasing still clearly rankled the others. Gna’s head turned for support…and found surprisingly little.
The two Brothers were with her, and Fals. Garia and Fierre didn’t object. However, Octavia didn’t blink twice at bugs.
“I use ‘em all the time in my alchemy. They’re in potions too. Also…Ceria eats them, you know. All the time. Even worms. Say, can I get any parts left over? I’ve never experimented with Bloodfields bugs…”
