8.31
Page 18
He did not doubt the reason. It echoed in his mind. Something not often spoken of. A terrible name.
Doombringer.
 
—-
 
As it happened, there were multiple reasons that Xherw had thought of Merish. The Chieftain led Merish over to another gathering in the secret heart of the Plain’s Eye tribe, deep in their encampment. No one, not other Gnolls or even foreign spells could spy on them here. Not with Shaman Ulcre.
“You heard about the Doomslayers.”
Xherw did not beat around the bush. In his private tent, he sat, amid trophies of his tribe, gifts—it was not as luxurious as it could be, but it was impressive. Merish sat on a pillow.
“Yes, Chieftain. I hope you will not be angry at Emhri.”
“Angry? I will forget it in a second. Rather, I understand. Rumors spread and why not? When doom is abroad no one is safe. It is for that reason I thought of you. Well—that and two other reasons.”
Xherw lifted a paw. Ulcre stood, refusing to sit, glancing towards the tent where other Gnolls were assembling. Xherw peered at Merish.
“The [Keeper of the Past] tells me you went through the Recitation of Names. I hope you felt better, these last few days?”
“I did. You are kind, Chieftain.”
“Not always, Merish. I would have let you rest, but news of the loss of an entire group of Doomslayers reached me yesterday. I thought of you for two reasons along with our recent talk. Do you know all of what transpired?”
Merish shook his head.
“Only that they were wiped out.”
“Hrm. Not all, then. They were wiped out at Liscor, Merish. The Silverfang’s new city. The border of north and south.”
“I know of it.”
Only vaguely, but Merish felt he’d heard the city’s name on a few lips of late, and not just Silverfang. Oh yes, hadn’t there been battles there? During his time on 5th wall, and in the capital, they’d watched…
Xherw saw his expression and his face softened.
“Yes, Liscor. That city with the door and inn and such. There is a Doombringer there, Merish.”
The [Shamanic Warrior] nodded.
“Did it…kill them?”
He knew what Doomslayers did, and the Plain’s Eye had a few. They killed white Gnolls, before the doom that had destroyed a tribe could infect others. Merish…had never been asked to join such a squad. He would have, of course, despite the danger and duty.
Kill white Gnolls. They were not spoken of, but they were like Demons to Gnolls. Just as deadly.
Just like Demons? Merish frowned. He thought of Silvenia, the Death of Magic and hesitated. She was as half-Elf. A traitor to her people. So that was what white Gnolls were. Like Demons.
Worse, perhaps. If one had killed an entire Vision…but Xherw shook his head.
“Not it. Well, perhaps. The truth is we don’t know what transpired exactly, Merish. Only that an entire army was involved, the Antinium…and a [Witch] named Belavierr. The Spider of Terandria. A powerful [Witch] over Level 60.”
“Over Level 70. Perhaps over Level 80.”
Ulcre cut in. Merish’s head rose and turned.
“What, [Shaman]?”
Shaman Ulcre’s eye was deep and staring. For a second Merish thought he saw rings—before a terrible anger took hold of him.
“An old [Witch], Merish. A dangerous one—for a certain level of it. Peril to those who have lost or desire. Not like a Dragon on a rampage, but almost as bad if angered. She was angered and nearly destroyed the city. Perhaps she killed the Doomslayers.”
“Or perhaps the city, or the inn, or the army. Hectval. Yet I say it was doom, and doom from one source, no matter the many causes.”
Xherw growled. He looked at Ulcre, then at Merish.
“A dangerous Doombringer indeed.”
