8.31
Page 10
The others mocked her. The Gnoll girl glared around.
“Just to show. Four, then. How about…maths?”
“I’ll do it! Cers, you can play too.”
“What’s Triumphs?”
Cers halted on his bum, looking interested as the Gnoll hefted the ball a few times, gauging the leather orb’s weight and the Gnoll who’d volunteered to help with ‘maths’ stared at the sky, thinking. The other Gnoll boy explained.
“You prove you can do all four! Watch! She’s going to do four—it’ll be easy. Ready?”
“Ready!”
The girl had dusky-grey fur with a striped orange pattern, like a tiger in a way. Inkar slowed as the others counted down.
“Three, two, one…go!”
The Gnoll girl bounded into action. First, she tossed the leather ball up. Not straight up, and not too high! It flew in a lazy arc in the air, with plenty of air time. Then—she began to speak as she burst into, of all things, a cartwheel.
“My fur is silky butter and I have no graying hairs or wen, They envy me from the Walled Cities, Baleros, and Terandria, I race against all Centaurs and I wrestle only Minotaurs…” 
She cartwheeled across the ground, singing, towards the falling ball. Cers’ jaw dropped, but it wasn’t over yet. One of the children shouted.
“Eighteen six times!”
The Gnoll girl heard, but didn’t slow. She came up, out of the cartwheel, still singing without missing a word.
“I know of ancient chieftains and shaman tales historical…”
The ball landed in her paws. She smirked around, but uttered a triumphant finisher to the display of Triumphs.
“96!”
The Gnoll children, who had been watching with appreciation stopped. Then a chorus of jeers rang out.
“Wrong! You failed!”
The Gnoll girl froze, and was then pelted with clods of earth and bits of grass. Cers looked confused.
“But she sang and caught the ball and…”
“Eighteen six times is a hundred and eight! Not ninety six, stupid!”
The other Ekhtouch children shouted at the Gnoll girl, who hung her head all of six seconds before raising it.
“Fine, someone else do four! I wasn’t prepared because I was just showing three!”
“I’ll do five! Um…I’ll do math, juggling, um…”
Another Gnoll boy volunteered. The others began to throw in ideas.
“Eyes closed!”
“No, that should be worth two. Do another song! Sing ‘Oh, Jolly Drakes’.”
“Too long!”
Triumphs was a game only Ekhtouch could have invented, where you demonstrated your ability to perform multiple tasks. Cers looked nervous when they wanted him to do it; math would be his downfall even if he was allowed to do just that.
“Astonishing. That’s what their children do?”
Krshia muttered to herself, eyeing the children’s game, which they seemed to be enjoying, even competitive at. She doubted this was a show; no other tribes mentioned these odd games. This was what Ekhtouch did for fun?
It might explain why the giant child herself, albeit taller than the adults, hurried towards them with such interest in her eyes.
“Inkarr! Tkrn! Honored Krshia, Shaman Cetrule, and Shaman Satar, I welcome you to the Ekhtouch camp. Please, accept the hospitality of the Ekhtouch; need you any refreshments?”
She greeted the two excitedly, her tail wagging, then remembered the others. Her bow was graceful, her tone measured. But when Krshia and Cetrule shook their heads, she was all too eager to bend down.
“May I see it again, Inkar?”
“Of course, Gire.”
Inkar carefully offered the iPhone up to the excited Gnoll [Paragon]. Gire beamed—for all of two seconds before one of the Ekhtouch called out to her.
“Honored Gireulashia, they are playing a game of ‘football’ with the equipment from Liscor. Chieftain Firrelle wants you to participate.”
