8.31
Page 22
“Now, I ask you to join me again. I fought by your side. It is not a battle you need to come with. I know I am asking you…to die. Yet when I was told by Chieftain Xherw to choose Gnolls who I trusted, I thought of you. For you were there.”
They looked at him. Brave warriors, some with eyes shining with tears. They did not speak—but like Merish…one stepped forwards after only a second.
“Where are we fighting now, Chief Warrior?”
The rest agreed at once. So it was done. As Merish had known it would be, really. He nodded around, gratefully, humbled.
“Reclaim weapons, armor—we leave by midnight. Muster here in thirty minutes.”
They loped off, and Merish knew most would need only to visit their tents and utter brief goodbyes before…
Khaze was waiting for him. His sister looked at him, knowing what he was about, worry in her eyes.
“So you’re going?”
“Chieftain Xherw asked me specifically.”
He did not see pleasure on her face from hearing that. Khaze met Merish’s eyes.
“You could refuse.”
Merish hesitated, then shook his head. He gestured to the ground where Gnolls were already gathering. Not the warriors of Rhir alone either. Other tribes were sending warriors, having seen the scrying orb broadcast too. He looked at Khaze, choosing his words.
“I could. But I can’t relax anyways. Not with the Raskghar about. A mixed-company of Gnolls will improve relations between the tribes, anyways. I can be of some use and it will do us all good. I will keep us all safe.”
She nodded at that. Yet both of them knew—the Raskghar were the excuse. Doombringers were the excuse.
Merish had never left Rhir. So this was a relief. It was not healing, but it was what the warriors knew. He embraced his sister and turned, already thinking of the road ahead.
The warriors set out at midnight, without fanfare, but Xherw and Ulcre saw them off to give their blessings. Then they made for the readied horses, packed with gear.
It was only then that Merish saw Viri again. The little Lizardman had a pony and was waiting.
“Viri. What are you doing? You can’t go with us. This is tribe business.”
“You can’t leave me alone. Please don’t leave me again.”
Merish’s mouth opened. He looked at Viri as the other Gnolls looked at him. He was in charge. And Merish…after a second, he nodded.
“It will be dangerous. Deadly.”
Viri smiled. The [Longstick Jumper] reached out and touched Merish’s arm.
“That’s okay. As long as I’m with you. 5th Wall stands.”
“5th Wall Stands.”
The other Gnolls and Merish spoke it reflexively. So Viri rode with them as they left the Meeting of Tribes in silence.
“I saw Silverfangs heading north ahead of us, Chief Warrior. A war party it seemed, but a small one. For speed.”
One of the Gnolls ventured after the first ten minutes on the road. Merish’s head turned. Xherw had warned him…
“We will see what happens, warrior.”
“Yes, Chief Warrior.”
So it was done and Merish saw the long road ahead, days of journeying, hunting…but a purpose. He felt almost relaxed, as the familiar duty crept on him.
To slay doom itself. He bared his teeth—until Viri looked at him.
“So what are we doing, Merish? Hunting doom?”
Merish started. And he realized—Viri didn’t know. He hadn’t asked, and everyone else knew what ‘Doombringer’ meant. The [Shamanic Warrior] turned.
“We’re hunting…”
And his mind went blank. He looked at Viri, the Lizardman, riding next to him with his one leg gripping the saddle, the other lashed into place so he wouldn’t slip. Viri’s earnest expression. Merish tried the words.
White Gnolls. Cursed Gnolls. A child that would bring death to the tribes.
