8.31
Page 5
“They call me Wanderer because I travelled across the world before I found more of my kind. Shadows fell into the underworld of gangs—she still is. There’s also Coinpurse, who began it all by organizing us; he funds our rescues and makes sure we all have enough money. Hrr. You might go with him; you need someone to watch after you. Or Spellcaster. He’s not good with children either, but he knows magic. Real magic, not [Shaman] spells.”
So they knew that Gnolls could be [Mages]? Mrsha wrote furiously and Wanderer nodded. He looked a bit disappointed.
“So you figured that out too? It’s just one of the things Plains Gnolls refuse to understand. Like us. They call us Doombringers, but that’s not all of our power. Take it, use it—that’s the power our tribes left us. Fate, that’s how Spellcaster talks about it. We’re fated.”
Mrsha looked down at herself. Fate? It made sense; she thought of the Raskghar, the monster attacks, all the things, important, good and bad that had happened around her. But that meant…she wrote with a trembling paw.
“But do I hurt other people by being? How does it work?”
“I’ll show you. Later. For now—it’s been thirty minutes. We have to keep moving.”
Wer got to his feet. He gestured, and Mrsha stood up reluctantly. They tossed the cups back into the bag of holding and left almost no trace they had been there.
The two stood on a craggy hill, which Wanderer had been climbing most of the day. The ‘rolling greens’ that Mrsha envisioned of the Great Plains and the rest of Izril from her tribe’s stories bore little truth here. Wanderer was hurrying along the foothills of the High Passes; rough terrain.
He could still move, though, with astonishing speed, yet it seemed Mrsha was slowing him down. The Gnoll pursed his lips and looked at her.
“I have movement Skills, but they’d work on both of us as well as one. If you could run on your own paws, that would help me and let you move about rather than be carried.”
Mrsha nodded dubiously. She had been feeling a bit too much like a sack. She began to pad forwards on all fours. Wanderer stopped her.
“Not like that. We’ll never get anywhere if you just scamper about. Not through your shifting years, eh? Well, either way, you’ll need to move faster than that.”
That was it. Mrsha’s eyes narrowed. She’d had it up to chin-height with this mean Gnoll, who didn’t give her plates and utensils, stole her from her inn, and now disparaged her weight and speed! Without a word she leapt forwards and began racing down the hill.
She expected Wanderer to chase her or call after, but the Gnoll made no sound. Mrsha ran down the hill as fast as she could, stumbling a bit, slowing and dodging the huge rocks that jutted out from the loam. She wondered if this was some kind of geographical feature; stone stuck in hills. Maybe, as a [Druid], she could use her powers better here—
Mrsha passed by Wanderer as he leaned against a boulder and nearly face-planted as the ground leveled out. She turned to stare at him. He wasn’t breathing hard, nor had she seen him pass her!
“No, keep going. Show me how fast you are.”
The Gnoll looked amused. He gestured up the hill. Mrsha hesitated. Even Numbtongue wasn’t able to catch her at full run!
She began running up the hill, glancing back at Wanderer. He stayed there, watching her. It was slower-going uphill, slower by far. Mrsha labored, and as she was racing to the top of the hill, panting, she saw Wanderer move.
