8.31
Page 19
Merish nodded, head spinning. Over Level 80? That was the kind of thing that was legend. Myth. Like the Death of Magic.
His blood ran cold and Xherw fixed his eyes on Merish.
“I thought of you. You have survived an encounter with a monster like that.”
“I would not fight the Death of Magic again, Chieftain. Not with ten thousand [Shamanic Warriors] at my back.”
It might be cowardice, but the words burst out of Merish as he shuddered. Xherw lifted a paw.
“I would not send you for that. Not against this [Witch]. I would send Ulcre and the full might of the tribes if I thought we had to fight her…no, she has fled. But doom remains and it has left. Apparently, so my people say, with a second white Gnoll. A stranger who killed at least a few of our people.”
Merish started. Two Doombringers?
“It is as I suspected. There are more, and they conspire.”
Ulcre broke in. The [Shaman] was upset. He waved a staff skywards, at a hole for the smoke of a fire to escape through. The sky was still bright, but the tent darkened.
“I cannot see this one, or the two. But they have fled Liscor. Heading south.”
“Do you want me to assemble another Doomslayer group to hunt them down, Chieftain?”
“Yes. If you are willing, Merish. I know you are resting, but when destiny calls you like it seems to do…I will ask other [Chief Warriors], but for this task I will arm you with weapons and give you our best warriors. If you agree.”
Xherw met Merish’s gaze. The Gnoll [Shamanic Warrior] sat there, on the pillows. He could have refused, asked to think about it, or asked questions, uttered reservations.
He did not. Merish was a [Warrior] of the Plain’s Eye Tribe. A soldier of his people.
“Of course, Chieftain. You have only to ask.”
Ulcre and Xherw smiled. Merish rose after Xherw, and the [Chieftain] nodded at him.
“You honor your tribe, Merish. Thank you. We shall arrange it and you must be hunting soon—but we have to know our quarry first. There are things you should see.”
“What was the third reason you wanted me, Chieftain?”
Merish followed Xherw to a group of Gnolls outside. For answer, Xherw pointed. Merish saw a scrying orb held by a [Shaman], a group of the Plain’s Eye’s best magic-users…and Yelroan. The [Mathematician] blinked at Merish, and then waved. Xherw gave Merish a slight grin.
“Destiny? Or just friendship. Now, come see this, Merish. Doom has foolish allies, but it may help us in the end.”
He pointed at the scrying orb and Merish saw a Drake on Wistram News Network. He vaguely recognized Drassi as the Drake began speaking, her voice hoarse, strained, her eyes red. With a start, a jolt to his heart, he saw an illustration of a little white Gnoll behind her and the caption.
 
Young Gnoll Missing – Believed Kidnapped.
 
—-
 
It was a road laid with best intentions. You could even see all the logic behind it with little effort. This Mrsha was a friend of Drassi’s. The [Honest Reporter] knew her, and she had a rare position of power in Wistram News Network.
So if Mrsha went missing, Drassi would obviously report the story. The Drake made an impassioned appeal, laying out the events, even getting a [Mage] to show the devastation from the battle.
“Mrsha is a dear child, and I wasn’t able to—listen. This rat-Gnoll, this…white-haired stranger has her. I am begging anyone with information to reach out to us. I’ll be covering this story with any sightings, and if you see her, tell the Watch Captain! Again, her name is Mrsha and she can’t talk, but she can write and…”
