8.31
Page 1
“I did not order us on an adventure, Miss Octavia. I demand we unadventure at once. We are on a rescue mission. I am in charge here!”
He waved one fist. Octavia looked at him.
“No, Bird. An adventure just happens. It’s not something we have to do.”
“…Oh. In that case, your adventure is approved. Do we get anything out of it? Will we have to kill a Dragon? I’m told it is difficult.”
Bird had some passing understanding of adventures, but Gna just growled.
“Great. I’m going to be an [Adventurer]. I hope I get to Silver-rank at least.” The Bronze-rank adventurer, Numbtongue, just gave Octavia a steady look.
“This is not a game.”
He was reproachful, and it was not necessarily easy to meet a Goblin’s crimson-eyed glare, especially as angry as Numbtongue was. Yet Octavia did it, and somehow—he blinked. Because the [Alchemist] was smiling.
“I know that, Numbtongue. I do. But look how many people came together for Mrsha. Even with Lyonette gone. That terrible [Witch]…but we still did it. We’ll get her back.”
“Even if we all die.”
Bird chipped in unhelpfully. Octavia hesitated, but then nodded.
“We all came for that. All of us. Like…like if Erin were here. We’d be doing just this, wouldn’t we?”
The band slowed. Ulvama nearly ran over Bird, and Salkis blinked. Fierre didn’t know Erin that well, but…she saw the others look at each other. As if Erin…
Badarrow smiled. Numbtongue did not, but he stopped a moment, and then nodded.
“Maybe.”
Then they kept moving.
It was just a short observation. Yet Numbtongue kept looking at Octavia. Somehow, her words had inspired something in the others. He was a [Bard]…but she was teaching him something. He kept thinking of it.
When you put it like that—an adventure. A quest, in Erin’s name. Perhaps there was some romance in it, despite the dire hour. Because of the need.
“To find the missing child and bring her home, across Izril we go. To the walls of the City of Waves or the High Passes, we fear no foe.”
He tried out a few words. Something in him wanted to have the same…basis as the kind of tales you read in story books. How did it go? Find a missing sword, slay the Dragon…finding a little Gnoll girl was close, wasn’t it?
“Goblins, Antinium, Humans? What a strange band to be seen in southern Izril. Unprecedented. We’ll probably shock the tails off everyone we meet.”
Salkis added happily, riding up to the other side. And we’ll have to fight our way through them, hopefully.
“A first for Izril.”
Bird tilted his head. Of course, only he’d heard that last bit. He glanced towards his belt where a little carrying bag hung next to his bag of holding. He nodded to himself.
“An adventure. I would like any magical bows we find. Mine keep breaking.”
Backs a bit straighter, the group journeyed on. Past the Bloodfields. Towards…well. Octavia sat back, pleased with herself as she reframed their journey for her own sake and theirs. After a moment, she decided to push her luck.
“All this to say, if we are going to be on the road for a while, and I bet we are, and if this is a grand story and whatnot…shouldn’t we have some music? Some songs to march with, at least! Or—you know, ambiance?”
All she heard were the sounds of horses moving, the jingle of packs, and the sound of distant insects buzzing.
Apista would have been hurt as she buzzed along, but she couldn’t read minds.
Octavia frowned. Hardly the inspiring soundtrack like on that movie Mrsha had watched with her.
