8.31
Page 15
“[Check Sum]. Aha! So that’s—stupid. Why do numbers have to look alike?”
He found the issue that had apparently been fouling up a ledger of incomes and grumpily corrected it. Which of course meant every number after that was off…which he’d already deduced. Yelroan blew on the paper, folded the ledger, and rang a little bell.
“Scribe Yelroan?”
A Gnoll girl raced into the tent, stopping when she saw Merish. Yelroan chucked the book at her, unperturbed by the visitor he had.
“Run this down to Crab clan.”
He meant Nebrecrab’s clan, one of the coastal parts of the Meeting of Tribes. Yelroan pointed at it.
“That’s where the missing gold is. All one thousand and eight pieces.”
The Gnoll girl tucked it under her arm respectfully.
“The [Chieftain] asked me about that. But where’s the gold, Yelroan?”
“In the ledger. You mean, physically? In someone’s pockets! But there’s the gold and it’s not my problem. Shoo!”
She went. Yelroan sat back, folding his paws behind his head. Then he looked at Merish.
“So, what’s the task, friend Merish?”
“I could be just here to pay you another social call as a friend.”
Merish tried to defend himself, a bit guiltily. He looked around, coughed, embarrassed, and did his best.
“So…is the money good with the Plain’s Eye Tribe?”
Yelroan stared at him, snorted, and then rolled his eyes.
“Yes, the money is ‘good’. Would you like to compare our wild Sage’s Grass harvests incomes to that annoying [Farmer] around Liscor and see how much of a depreciation we’ve suffered over the last six years?”
“Um. No. Sorry.”
Yelroan flicked his quill and promptly sent it soaring across the room. He went after it, grumbling.
“So?”
“Just a question. How old is our [Keeper of the Past]?”
Yelroan glanced up, eyes glinting. He didn’t ask the obvious, but instead just answered the question.
“One hundred and two.”
“Over a century?”
That was surprising. Gnolls didn’t live that long, although Merish had heard of some who got nearly a century and a half by virtue of their class, good living, and so on. Still—it was surprising.
“Why?”
“Just something she said. It…never mind. I wouldn’t want to start rumors.”
“I don’t gossip! I would if there were anyone to gossip with—fine, keep your secrets. Oh, you should know that some of your friends were looking for you. There’s a group of Shatterstrike [Warriors] who poked their heads in.”
“I might see them. Thank you, Yelroan. I could stay…?”
His friend waved him off.
“I’m working and believe me, it’s not fun to watch. Or do. This is boring math; figuring out why Gnolls can’t add.”
 
—-
 
Merish found the Shatterstrike warriors—a subset of the Plain’s Eye Tribe—and recognized some old friends and subordinates at once.
The way it worked was that each clan had their individual warriors, and Merish had been one of them until he worked his way up and left for Rhir. However, Plain’s Eye as a whole had their own warriors and people, which they could send to a clan that needed help.
Merish had spent time in both camps, and the Gnolls who made up the front-line of many battles with their tribe greeted him with claps on the back, sniffing him, patting his shoulders.
“Merish! Here comes our hero from Rhir, eh? The others who left were moaning they couldn’t ask you for advice.”
“What was the Death of Magic like? Can you talk of it—ah, the [Shaman] told me to shut up but I forgot—”
“Will you be leading one of our groups? Or acting as [Chief Warrior] to a particular clan?”
Merish bore the greetings well, all things considered. His mind flashed to Rhir, but the morning’s ritual had helped. He brushed off paws, growling.
