8.32
Page 37
“Fetohep. My Swords. That which they call the Swords of Serept. I am told…they are scattered. Six of them were lost and never recovered. Three now belong to outsiders of Khelt. This concerns me.”
If undead could sweat…Fetohep bowed his head.
“Your Majesty, I granted the blades without your permission. I did not think of your will, only that they were found and might be lost again. I—considered—that those who reclaimed them were worthy of wielding them for a generation. Make no mistake, they will return to Khelt!”
Serept’s voice was deep in his head, rich and powerful. It should have echoed across many hallways.
“That does not concern me, Fetohep. Swords are meant to be wielded, and I am grateful they were found. My quandary is this: if you granted such blades, and correct me if I err, it seems you did not instruct the wielders as to their usage. The ghosts of the dead who heard of it did not say you gave these students lessons. It seems unfair to do so.”
Of all the things Fetohep would have thought Serept would take him to task for—he realized he did not know the half-Giant as well as he thought. His voice stuttered a bit, despite the lack of any tongue or vocal chords or lungs.
“I…did not, your Majesty? They would have surely uncovered many of the aspects of the blades themselves.”
“Perhaps that could be rectified? I also notice you did not offer them the use of the companion aspects to the Diamond Swords. I made other relics to accompany my blades.”
“They are relics of Khelt, your Majesty! I did not think to—”
“I understand, King Fetohep. However, is the largesse of Khelt so lacking in the modern day that the full act of generosity might be withheld? I simply…ask you consider the matter.”
“I will consider it as soon as I am able, King Serept.”
“Very good, I thank you.”
And then he was gone. Fetohep hunched his shoulders. The dead were speaking to him. Wonderful.
…He wished they weren’t so needy. Fetohep added ‘giving away priceless relics to a bunch of young students who might get them lost for another thousand years’ to his list of things he now had to do, right under planting a bunch of parasitic lilies which induced depression in people.
He was dreading the next voice. Which one would it be? Fetohep heard a soft tone, and froze.
“Fetohep. I am Khelta. I see your actions, and I give you my thanks, my descendant. You honor me and Khelt by all you do.”
“Great Khelta! I am honored by your words.”
He sank to one knee, all issues forgotten at once. Now here was a spirit he was truly honored to receive. Her words…were a welcome balm on his soul. An acknowledgement from the founder of Khelt itself.
“I see Khelt, and it is far more prosperous than I dreamed. Far greater than when I had died. This pleases me.”
“I am glad of it, your Majesty.”
Fetohep smiled, and his golden flames came to life in their sockets. He stood taller, and almost heard the laugh in Khelta’s voice. A laugh.
“It is wonderful to see. Would that I could look upon Khelt’s citizens. Are they happy?”
“Yes, Great Khelta. They want for nothing.”
“Good, good. And the treasuries full? We may have need of it.”
“Khelt has never been richer.”
Fetohep answered, truthfully. Khelta’s smile continued in her voice.
“This is all pleasing! Then…I would like you to commission a statue, if you would. One of Nerrhavia, of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. I think the place they call the Mosk Plaza would be quite suitable. Marble? Whatever is fitting. I trust we have [Sculptors] still?”
The Ruler of Khelt’s smile went out. He hesitated.
“A…statue, Great Khelta?”
