8.32
Page 9
Cawe answered, less dreamily than before. A bit of the fury that had been in her when she died rekindled itself and she edged away from Igheriz. Just the presence of this mightier ghost seemed to bring her back to life.
“I killed her.”
Igheriz helpfully explained. He shrank in front of the [Queen]’s glare. She nodded, glanced around, and began issuing orders.
“You. Eight steps back. Do not speak until spoken to. All those who were [Slavers], with him. All those who were not? Stand with the Garuda. You, Garuda. Tell me your name. Did anything interesting happen when you died?”
Cawe hesitated. But the ghosts were shuffling obediently into rows. The Nerrhavian Queen snapped her fingers and other ghosts joined her. They shuffled over and plucked all the ghosts aside, asking the same questions.
They were interrogating the newcomers. Cawe and the [Queen] spoke directly, the most animated of the bunch. The other ghosts were indistinguishable, details forgotten, bland, but the [Queen] was real.
“Who are you, your Majesty?”
Cawe asked. The [Queen] smiled.
“I was the second Queen of Nerrhavia’s Fallen after the tyrant died. Queen Merindue, Level 43 [Queen of the Freed Peoples]. Lower in level than many, but I ruled, so I maintain who I am. And you?”
“Cawe. Cawe the [Pickpocket]. I was Level 16. Well, I levelled to Level 18 before I died…”
“I see. How did you die, Cawe?”
Cawe told her. The [Queen] was sympathetic, but impatient.
“So it was not a grand death. Did you see anything important? Witness any events? News…no, well, we shall ask anyways.”
“We met a terrible Emir. He…”
Cawe hesitated and wondered if she should tell the whole story. Even here, it was terrible. Did she mention Pisces? The [Queen] seemed to sense it.
“Slave-Emirs are not our concern. I mean, news. Of the world. Of great doings.”
The Garuda nearly shook her head, then brightened.
“Oh. Yes! Igheriz said the Death of Chains killed him.”
“The who?”
Queen Merindue raised her brows, but another ghost recognized the name. A Dullahan walked over.
“That matters. That is important news.”
“I see. Good. Then we return to the others. Come with me, little Cawe. We will bring the [Slaves]. Call for Glorious Donbaaar!”
Donbaaar the Giant himself turned as a ghost caught his slow circuit of Chandrar. He bent, and offered a hand. The bewildered ghosts followed as Queen Merindue followed him up the arm.
“Is this worth taking them back so soon, Queen Merindue?”
“I say it so, Glorious Donbaaar. They have news of an important figure. A first-hand sighting.”
“Then I will walk us back.”
So saying, the Giant strode the way they’d come. Cawe realized this was to save time.
What an odd thing. First off, that all ghosts, even she with wings, would move at the same pace more or less in this world of the dead—but a Giant could travel faster due to his natural stride. So he was acting as a transport.
“But why does anyone need to move fast here? It’s as if time means something. And it doesn’t.”
Merindue heard Cawe’s puzzled words. She walked back over as many ghosts rode Donbaaar’s shoulder as naturally as if it were a horse or solid ground, not even staring down at the passing landscape below. He strode across Great Zeikhal, which had once been vast plains. To Cawe’s amazement, she saw grasslands below, rich and fertile, even huts and yurts set up, kingdoms among the grass…
Before it all turned to sand and was lost forever. The ghost saw Merindue smile.
