8.32
Page 36
Fetohep realized why that was sometimes desirable, or at least, to have a medium between you and said dead. He walked his palace, a bit quickly, but he could not escape the voice that lingered in his ears.
His great robe swished across the tiles made of obsidian glass. His bowed head passed blooming plants, each one tended to by undead servants. Fetohep heard the voice he had longed for so long to whisper in his ears, one last time.
“Fetohep, oh, my dear subject, Fetohep…”
Queen Xierca. Fetohep slowed.
“Your Majesty?”
“Fetohep…”
Her voice was as it had been in life, not echoing, not haunted. He had never heard that. It was such a joy. Such a…
“Fetohep, what did you do with my Sireen Lilies? They are missing from the outside of the palace. Did something happen to them?”
Fetohep kept walking. He spoke, very carefully.
“Your Majesty, Xierca…I regret to say they were removed.”
“By what, monsters? Did you pull them up? I loved them!”
Fetohep had never, ever lied to Queen Xierca. He did so now.
“…One of Khelt’s subjects may have made the mistake of doing so. As the gardens were damaged, I had no choice but to uproot the rest.”
“Did you not replant them?”
Her voice was outraged. Fetohep hesitated as he walked by a preserved sample of her favorite plant, which she had decorated many parts of Khelt with. The Sireen Lily. He stared at the huge, long-necked plant with a gigantic blooming head, light blue fading to white. A lovely plant. There was just one problem.
“…Children often burst into tears, your Majesty. Adults too, when they wailed in the wind.”
“I do not see what that has to do with anything. They were an example of Khelt’s glorious gardens.”
Fetohep’s jaw opened and closed. He gritted his teeth. He loved Xierca, and he had forgotten completely about her lilies. He had kept them for as long as he could bear it after his ascension to the throne.
…Four years. Then he’d had them gathered and burned. There had been a celebration.
Xierca sighed in his mind.
“Will you not plant more? Yours is the time to rule, Fetohep, but for love of me…perhaps a garden? A thousand, planted in the Contemplation Walkways?”
He hesitated, agonized, but he did love her. Fetohep bowed his head, an unfamiliar gesture. He’d been doing a lot of it this day.
“It will be done at once, my beloved Majesty.”
“Good, good…”
Her presence faded. Fetohep missed her, but…he waved for a servant and gave the orders. Contemplation Walkways, a beloved part of the city, might now become a truly isolated place, where one might test their meditative qualities against the horrors of a thousand sighing, wailing plants.
Still, for her…it was a fitting tribute, Fetohep told himself. The [Servant] bowed; naturally his will would be carried out, but even her face didn’t hide the trepidation of asking the [Gardeners] to grow a thousand Sireen Lilies.
Fetohep walked on. His mind was racing. He had been told what was happening and that Erin Solstice was among his great ancestors. Not dead, not alive. He had to act. With this knowledge, everything changed. Everyth—
“Fetohep. I am Serept of Khelt. Do you know me?”
The Revenant stopped again.
“Great Serept, of course I know you.”
The half-Giant [Smith-King]? Fetohep was honored! He pictured the half-Giant, striding next to him in these vast corridors which had been designed just for him. Fetohep felt the pleasure of talking with such a legend…for about five seconds.
