8.32
Page 40
Still, how curious. Fetohep thought a moment, before replying.
“I shall, Queen Xierca. And I shall put many plans into action.”
“This is well, Fetohep. On that note, I had some thoughts—”
For the first time ever, Fetohep interrupted his beloved queen.
“I am sure, Queen Xierca, but I must make a call in the physical world. I hope you will pardon me.”
Her voice hesitated.
“—Oh. Of course. If I might give my thoughts first, I think—”
“I am afraid, Queen Xierca, I must insist. I…require time to work. I shall speak with you anon in the morning, and the other rulers. Please make your will known then, and not before. I bid you a good night.”
Fetohep rose to his feet. He actually heard a gasp, but the king was walking forwards, summoning the scrying orb to him. He heard nothing else, and paused a moment. Of course, it had to be done.
He wondered, though, if he shouldn’t have enjoyed that as much as he did.
 
—-
 
In the land of the dead, the rulers of Khelt watched Fetohep activate the orb and sit down. He began to talk, but they didn’t speak to him.
“He bade us farewell? Us?”
“Impudence!”
Some of them were offended. Xierca was just dismayed. Even Khelta frowned, but Erin Solstice, who had begun smiling after her little chat with Fetohep, decided it was time.
He had noticed something. And so had she. So she reached out and poked Khelta in the side.
“Hey. You know, you guys are making the same mistake I did with Lyonette, right? She was my employee. You’re…sort of being unfair to Fetohep.”
The rulers of Khelt turned, looking rather offended.
“We are…unfair? He is our mortal agent. Should we not command him to do what must be done?”
King Serept frowned mightily. Erin shrugged, and gestured at Fetohep.
“I know we all need to rely on him, guys. But think about it another way. He’s your descendant and all, but uh…he’s still the ruler of Khelt, you know? And I know you all are. But you don’t speak to him like he’s the ruler. The living ruler.”
The other eighteen monarchs glanced at each other. Erin had noticed it. They seldom said ‘your Majesty’, like Fetohep did.
“We…are his predecessors. Perhaps we lacked some formality.”
Queen Xierca murmured, blushing faintly. Erin smiled.
“I think it’s that. Also—you guys always took the throne after the last one died, right? I mean, fully passed on?”
“That is how it has been since Khelta.”
One of the kings nodded. Erin spread her hands.
“Then you never ruled together, right? So you’re all bossy bosses. You could try being more polite.”
The rulers looked at each other. They glanced at Fetohep, and Erin saw them processing how they would take being given a hundred orders from the dead. She smiled as she saw a few wince.
Then all the heads, disconcertingly, looked straight back at Erin. Khelta folded her arms, amused.
“So sayeth the most disrespectful young woman to ever have walked Khelt’s ground. We take your words as wisdom nevertheless, Erin Solstice. I do wonder, though, if even Dragonlords and the rulers of old merit no respect or couched language from you, who in this vast world does?”
Erin blinked. Then turned a bit red herself.
 
—-
 
Night passed into day. Fetohep of Khelt worked in silence. Not actual silence of course; he was speaking almost nonstop, giving orders, making plans.
The dead left him alone. Which gave Fetohep of Khelt time to think. When the sun rose, he stood at the steps of his palace and felt them around him.
Nineteen souls. Twenty if he included himself. He might never be alone again. Erin Solstice, Khelta, Xierca, and the other rulers.
