8.32
Page 55
“[The Scythe Cut Low Across the Grass].”
The first rank of knights vanished. The half-Giant landed, already calling more Skills. His brethren charged after as the [Knights] met a warrior with as many levels as the best of them. As much daring. As much valor and skill. Just…a bit bigger.
 
—-
 
Fetohep let the Named-rank adventurers watch the battle. It was so silent that he thought if he clapped his hands loud enough, Frieke’s heart would stop for good.
Such was the power of Khelt’s Revenants. One of their greatest weapons—unleashed. Fetohep was trembling himself.
Unleash it all. Unleash…Chandrar went still as Fetohep’s wrath manifested itself. Look what Terandria had done, those fools!
They were wrong about why. They were even wrong about his goals. Fetohep walked his palace. Revenants awoke.
Named Adventurers pledged themselves to his service.
Even the King of Destruction was wary.
Yet that was not what mattered. He came to a new wing of the palace. Fetohep halted.
“Is all in readiness?”
The nearly two hundred-strong mortals bowed. They were [Alchemists], [Mages], [Healers], [Scholars], and more. Fetohep himself held an object he handed to one of them. They nearly dropped the potion, which would have been fine, and the gathering stared.
“If another Potion of Regeneration need be taken, it will. Do not stint. Do not waste time. Have you prepared the first experiments?”
He looked at the frozen forms. Animals. One of his subjects murmured.
“Yes, your Majesty. But we lack for ice-experts in the numbers you desire.”
“More will be found. Inform me at once at your first signs of progress.”
Fetohep saw all bow at once. He stood there. Then he turned his head.
“Is it well?”
The mortals followed his gaze, but saw nothing. In the land of the dead, the eighteen rulers of Khelt smiled.
“It is well.”
They chorused. Then they turned to Erin Solstice. The wide-eyed [Innkeeper] peeked at Fetohep, then Khelta. The first ruler of Khelt smiled, and winked.
“It is as I said, Erin Solstice. Our mortal agent is tasked with reviving you. Fetohep of Khelt does not do things by half-measures.”
The first Potion of Regeneration glinted in Fetohep’s gaze. The first, and [Librarians] were scanning Khelt’s spellbooks and scroll collections for any spell that might aid. He heard Khelta go on, and smiled.
“He is our great ruler, and with Khelt on your side, if it is possible in this world, it shall be done.”
She laughed, and Fetohep smiled. So the dead aided the living once more. It was a long way away. It was difficult.
It would be done, Fetohep had sworn it. After a long silence, he heard Erin Solstice’s voice, weak, but…reassured. Hopeful.
“T-ten outta ten.”
Fetohep began to laugh.
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I was recovering from the big, edited chapter. In times when I’ve just worked hard, the right thing to do is sleep, and write less.
I was grumpy, tired, and writing was harder than usual since I’m still setting up my new system after my computer crash.
…So why did I write all this? The world may never know.
I’m tired. But here we are. This is not the Relc side-story, in case you’re curious. This is the chapter that should follow Pisces’ chapter, though. I think.
Well, give me your thoughts. And if you DIDN’T somehow see the second big news in this chapter? Well…the comic is coming out! At last! That stupid disease slowed everything down, but The Last Tide is finally coming out, and you’ll be able to get the first printed work of The Wandering Inn ever! Look out for it August 24th!
