8.32
Page 48
When he summoned her…she had demanded a hundred assurances, agonized over it, then decided begging forgiveness and explaining she’d had no choice but to fight in the war was better than risking his wrath. He wouldn’t kill a Named Adventurer as a guest, would he? Perric might, but Fetohep?
She had not expected the King of Khelt to offer her citizenship as his Named Adventurer. He had explained himself, simply.
“One must admire an opponent, Frieke of Medain. Naturally, the Named Adventurer skilled enough to take my head would be an asset.”
“You—you don’t bear us any ill will?”
He had laughed, as he presented her with armor for, Konska, her Seahawk, and a Relic-grade pair of blades as part of his offer.
“Do you not see the head on my shoulders, Frieke of Medain? No. I would rather seek the loyalty of the Falcon. Of course, a change must be made. To your name. The Falcon of Khelt inspires rather more grandly. I should be content to have the change announced across Chandrar and Medain especially.”
A King twisted the knife in delightfully painful ways. Frieke could only imagine what would happen if High King Perric heard that. He’d be furious. He’d be…
She and Alked stared at each other’s Relics. Alked’s lips moved.
“He’s serious. He wants Named Adventurers. I thought…”
Frieke grinned weakly.
“If you think that’s amazing, wait till you see the other guests. There are two more. The Jade Garudas are here. The entire team. He’s offering them the same as us. And a Centauress.”
Alked whistled. He began to believe.
 
—-
 
It was fair for Herdmistress Geraeri to be suspicious. She had galloped south, and somehow, been slower than Fetohep. He had summoned her to his palace, next.
“Is this a third renegotiation of the People of Zair’s rights, your Majesty? You have been exceedingly generous…but I would have cause to ask questions if you desired a third pact.”
Fetohep of Khelt accepted the rebuke with a nod as she dined with the Named Rank team of the Jade Garudas, Alked Fellbow, and Frieke of Medain at the banquet table.
“That is fair, Herdmistress. Any would doubt a ruler so predisposed to renegotiation. I seek it not. Rather, I make you the same offer I make the rest of my guests. To you, and you alone. I wish for the [Herdmistress of the Greatland]’s strength. Be one of my great champions. I would offer you this.”
To her, he presented four horseshoes. Each one of a different color and make. Geraeri recognized one as being made of Adamantium crossed with some frozen metal. Another looked like glass. She gazed up at Fetohep.
“Relics for your species. I would also offer you a relic of your choice. Be my citizen, Herdmistress, not an anonymous member of the People of Zair.”
“Why are you offering all of this to us, Great King Fetohep? I have never known Khelt to be so…generous with its relics.”
The leader of the Jade Garudas was both overawed and nervous. Like the others, he suspected some kind of ploy.
There was, of course. Fetohep’s eyes flashed.
“A time for great deeds is coming, Adventurer Leekhe. It is time to use all of Khelt’s wonders. Do you think I am too generous? Fear not. I have a hundred times more wealth to spare. I desire the finest mortals, so I offer you gifts worth your value. We shall not talk overlong of it; for I have given each of you an offer. Merely think. Do your rulers offer you the same? If they would bid on retaining your loyalty, I shall happily exceed any offer they may make.”
His guests looked at each other. Fetohep made polite conversation throughout the meal, though he only drank his mana draught, then stood.
