8.32
Page 29
War. There was a need for war. So Fetohep grinned. If he had blood—no, even now, he imagined it was boiling.
Why? Why, if the rulers called him to war, if something terrible had occurred, as he felt it had, that might threaten Khelt?
Well, terrible as it might be to admit…He had waited his entire unlife for this day, without knowing it.
They all had. All rulers after Khelta the First. Fetohep strode down the palace, each stone enchanted, feeling the might of Khelt slumbering around him. Had they not been put in their throne, assigned to live for as long as possible to protect Khelt? Each ruler built up their treasury, defenses, and…waited. Wait for the moment to unleash all of Khelt’s splendor.
And it never came. How frustrating! It was like fortifying a position, planning out each inch of attack and defense, creating splendid traps, honing your blades for centuries, millenia, and never being attacked! Khelt had never, ever had the end of days come upon it. It had fought off Crelers. Now? It was the hour Fetohep had secretly longed for, in his dark heart of hearts.
The day that the earth opened up, that a fissure swept across Chandrar and the sea itself rushed to cover all above it.
The last war of Demons—or Humans, Drakes—when armies without end came to conquer and subjugate all who would not kneel.
The moment the next Creler Wars, the Antinium, the next calamity broke the sky and sent madness through air and space. When someone slew time.
They had all lived through such days, the eighteen rulers of Khelt before him. Some had weathered minor crises; the rest had thrown body and soul into wars for the fate of Khelt itself, and spent every coin and raised every hoarded spear and loosed every arrow into the void.
Fetohep had wondered if the King of Destruction was his great beast to do battle with, but Flos of Reim had never sought to fully claim Khelt.
It had been almost…disappointing. Obviously, good for Khelt. Yes…yes. Just a bit disappointing.
Now? They called for him. His predecessors of old. They shouted, though he had yet to make out the words, yet their intention was clear. So Fetohep would reluctantly…use everything at his disposal.
And they wondered why he grinned.
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt strode from the doors of his palace. The grand spires and architecture of countless generations in countless styles rose up behind him. He walked onto the broad dais above the steps, and beheld his subjects.
They knelt, weeping, tearing at their fine clothes and faces. The streets, swept pristinely clean by undead each day, filled with endless diversion and entertainments, all for them, were overrun. Every door hung ajar—and Khelt’s people did not lock them anyways, for theft was not theirs to fear—and many simply lay in the streets.
They looked up as he emerged. Hundreds of thousands of heads rose and the wailing turned into cries of relief. Screams.
The King of Khelt lives! Fetohep lifted his hand, the warm breeze on the dry air touching at the bandages around his flesh. Yet his eyes still shone gold in their sockets. His subjects scrambled up the steps, and the few living guards made to block them, yet Fetohep simply lifted a hand and all was still.
“My subjects! Cease your lamentations! Dry your tears. Did you think me dead? I, who has sworn to serve you until the end of my days? Did you think blade or petty mortal hands could end me? Have you so little faith in the grandeur of your kingdom, the finest jewel in the world, that you think craven armies of [Knights] could best my legions?”
