8.32
Page 2
She glanced down—and Azam saw lightning coalesce around one hand. Silvenia threw a bolt of [Greater Lightning] down from the skies as they flew. As casually as someone else threw a rock.
“That is not why we came. Control yourself. We must pass by Lailight Scintillation, but only for a second. They will hide my kin, and our time is running out. Kisore. Will you lead my kin and the others north?”
The greatest of the Djinni freed swooped low after Czautha, calling out.
“I can give the others my aegis of levitation, and hold off all but our kin, Czautha’qshe! But I do not know the way to Rhir! They will follow us.”
“Make for the sea. We will catch up. If we are somehow delayed—the Demon King will lead you onwards.”
Kisore nodded. She pointed, and Azam changed course. He called out, with another Djinni who flew as a giant bird, rather than use magic alone.
“Sister! Where are you bound? Roshal’s capital? It is too dangerous!”
The Death of Chains turned her head. Silvenia just shot ahead, laughing, preparing hundreds of spells.
“Not for long, brother! But we must remind them.”
Of what? She shot after Silvenia, and Azam wondered. Fear? Roshal knew fear, from this night alone. Then he saw the Death of Chains’ magic glow brighter.
The rainbow filled the sky, hundreds of feet wide. It seemed to arc down out of the growing dawn. Towards that place all [Slaves] knew.
Lailight Scintillation. Such a beautiful name for a terrible place. The rainbow streaked at the great capital on the coast, and Azam knew that everyone would see it. See the masters cowering, running in fear.
“Of course.”
Not for them. Those who still had chains. Azam saw the rainbow halt in the sky, and the Death of Chains’ voice roared in the distance. Remind them. Remind them there was hope still.
 
—-
 
Even for them, it was a deadly, dangerous risk. If they had not been who they were—if the Death of Wings were with them, someone would have counseled against it.
Yet they were who they were. The last Deaths of the Demon King, who had survived the war which had put them in recovery for a hundred years. Wounds that still hadn’t healed.
“It would have been another century at least had it not been for the Earth’s child. Silvenia. Are you sure you have the strength?”
The Death of Magic was laughing again. Czautha regarded her companion. Friend? Ally? These were incomplete words. They were the Demons of Rhir. The Blighted Kingdom called them ‘Deathless’. In truth, it was easier to call them war comrades. They were not alike.
“Do not tell me to stop, Czautha. I would not have teleported us across the world or prepared this hard if I were denied this moment.”
“Do not kill my kin.”
“I will try.”
Czautha regarded the half-Elf, who was mightier than even Djinni in spellcraft. Unparalleled—a fallen [Archmage]. Yet that was only her class. She had seen Azam’s face; Czautha possessed more sight than mere mundane eyes, so observing him from behind was easy. He had understood something of Silvenia in a moment.
The half-Elf was war. She lived for it, just as Czautha lived to free her kin. That was a difference between them; Silvenia sympathized with [Slaves], just like the Demons, or why else had she joined them? Yet it was also true she had broken with the Demons’ own rules of war, few as they were, at 5th Wall.
To destroy Roshal, though, Czautha would have joined arms with almost any force in the world. And for this?
Silvenia was needed. The Death of Chains focused her being.
