8.32
Page 52
“I swear by Khelt eternal. Do not make light of my oath. Do you not see the weight of the crown on me?”
Fetohep lost his patience. He and the Vizir glowered at each other, and Fetohep felt the Vizir’s potent aura storming at his own. He held his ground; he might lack for levels, but he was still king.
“How should the Vizir believe you? The Vizir will make his own decisions. Be grateful only that the Vizir lets you live, Fetohep. And if it should turn out you lie—”
“Vizir Hecrelunn.”
The angry Revenant didn’t notice. He and Fetohep were locked in a battle of wills. So the half-Giant grabbed him. The Vizir spun, magic lashing the bone hand, but it bounced off the armor.
“Look.”
The Honor Guard of Serept, his boon companion, pointed a finger up. The Vizir Hecrelunn stopped his raving. Looked up.
And quailed. Fetohep himself turned his head up and froze.
High overhead, in the vaulted room where the Revenants had been laid to rest until they were needed were…statues.
Ornamental. Each one of the rulers who had asked their beloved champions and warriors to wait, wait a while, until they were needed. They stared out into proud infinity, gazes straight ahead.
Or had. Three of the statues were…looking down. Fetohep and Hecrelunn looked up at a noble face, a slightly crooked nose, but a smile that balanced it.
Queen Heris. The half-Giants stared up at Serept’s face. Salui, the [Champion of War], looked up.
“His-Xe.”
All three monarchs gazed down. The Vizir dropped his scepter. He fell to his knees.
“Are you there? Heris? Is it truly you? Is your will…”
The half-Giants were kneeling. Slowly, the Revenants rose. They looked at Fetohep, and up at the statues.
No more did they move. Fetohep himself was shaken. He had not believed…he whispered.
“They have spoken. Will you accept the burden once more, kin of Khelt? For as long as the will remains—we shall serve.”
“We shall serve. For Khelta and this land, for however long it takes.”
Salui whispered. Even the Vizir nodded.
“Then Khelta herself watches us. Give us your orders, King Fetohep of Khelt. It is time for the world to once again hear the Vizir’s name.”
 
—-
 
The battlefield was hot. Physically hot; air rose in shimmering lines from the ground. Yet the Herald of the Forests did not sweat.
She had taken to the field, with a new company. The Fables rode anew. Behind her stood an army of half-Elves, and at the back, the [Mage] who had defeated Khelt’s army once.
Medain’s forces were also arrayed. They still had one Named Adventurer; the other had fled.
Yet that was well, because Fetohep himself had not taken to the field to lead Khelt’s army, and the Jaw of Zeikhal lay dead. Better yet—the Herald glanced left. Her lip curled slightly.
An army of [Knights] now rode between two forces. Terandria’s crusade had come. Even more were disembarking from the ships, and they were a dangerous power indeed.
Faced with that, even Khelt’s vast army looked to be in a bit of trouble, especially since one side would level. Nevertheless, the Herald leaned over her horse.
“Let us not be overconfident, [General]. Khelt’s army still outnumbers all our forces by a factor of five to one. Our advantage is that we may level.”
“Five to one, when it was twenty-to-one or greater last battle? I will take those odds, Herald. It is curious however—Jecrass is far from the battlefield. Queen Jecaina will not interfere this time. Does Fetohep intend to send his army against us without personally commanding it? His subjects will die quickly to our bows and your company.”
The Herald of the Forest shook her head.
