8.32
Page 45
The Stitch-man hesitated. He had come far on short notice. Ridden day and night, but who would not when Fetohep offered you ten thousand gold pieces to dine on his hospitality and hear a proposal for a week?
Ten thousand gold pieces just to arrive here and meet with the man. If Alked suspected he was being flattered for some great deed—well, his suspicions were doubly aroused when he saw the wing in the palace set out for him.
What kind of quest does the King of Khelt want for me? Slay a Jaw of Zeikhal? Recover the Diamond Swords of Serept as he’s lost his patience? Fight in his war?
The man was nervous, yet Fetohep did not keep him waiting long. They met at sunset, and the King greeted Alked from upon his throne.
“I thank you for your gracious invitation and the suite, your Majesty. It is a true honor.”
Alked was uncomfortable as he stood in the massive throne room, perhaps even richer than Nerrhavia’s own. He had never been in Khelt, but heard stories and the city, this place—none of it lagged behind the tales.
If there was any problem it was that he didn’t know if he should bow. Alked had never respected Nerrhavia’s [Generals], who often contracted him for war or to slay a monster. He had knelt before Queen Yisame and Nerrhavia Fallen’s throne the one time he had been titled Named Adventurer, so should he kneel here, before a foreign power?
Fetohep seemed to sense his thoughts. The undead king lifted a hand, golden flames flashing in his skull.
“Kneel, Fellbow. Do not dance upon pretense of arrogance here. I have no time for it. I am a king. You respect the will of a throne. How can you not, you who have worked long for Nerrhavia Fallen’s own crown?”
Abashed, Alked knelt, clumsily. Fetohep bade him rise after only a moment.
“I apologize, your Majesty. I have spoken to few rulers. My manners are lacking.”
“Yes. Yet I shall not hold that against you, Adventurer Fellbow. Rather, I respect your name and deeds. You are the monster-slayer of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. A great hero for your people…and those of your cloth.”
His gaze swiveled and he glanced at Alked’s rough skin. Leather, not hemp, but it marked him as the lowest caste. For all it had saved his life.
Alked’s skin prickled, as it so often did with glances from courtiers and those who looked appalled. Then he realized Fetohep did not look at him like they did. The king sat forwards on his throne.
“It is perhaps impolite to ask a Stitch-person this. Yet why for all your fame and success have you never changed your cloth, Alked Fellbow? There is surely a valuable fabric that would earn you acclaim had you replaced your cloth with it.”
Alked glanced down at his rough exterior. A monster’s skin, that was how some called it. He shrugged, self-consciously, unprepared for the question and the truth came out. It would have anyways; he was not good at lying.
“It’s who I am, your Majesty. I’m not Silk on the inside. I’d rather look like what I choose. If I wore silk, they would still know…”
He trailed off. Know who I am. He had thought of it before, of course he had. Alked gritted his teeth. He refused to change his cloth and still be sneered at behind the fans of Nerrhavia Fallen’s courts.
Fetohep seemed to know that all before he had asked. He knew Stitch-folk, a rarity among someone not from their species. He nodded, gazing at Alked.
