8.32
Page 34
Cawe saw it as a great impact among the dead as well. She looked out, over the steps of the palace of Khelt, where few ghosts were allowed to even stand.
“Would you look at that?”
Gerial’s voice was a bit unnerved. Abel drifted over and gasped. The three small ghosts beheld…the tide.
It seemed that way, at first. There was no actual sea visible from this spot unless you flew up incredibly high, and even then, you only saw the world as it was, static, unmoving, the water frozen scene-to-scene, in different poses.
Yet this was a tide. Every dead soul in Chandrar was flowing their way. Drawing closer to the one gateway between their worlds.
Of course, they did not get close. The ghosts of Giants and powerful dead blocked them. The loyalists, as Cawe was thinking of them, those explicitly agreeing with the [Witches] and Khelt, did not let Roshal and other ghosts of smaller ‘factions’ get to Erin.
If it got too bad, one of the rulers of Khelt would just send ghosts flying in a sandstorm; their power was unquestioned here.
“That’s a powerful sight. And here we are.”
Gerial’s voice was still unnerved. He glanced at the individuals, all of whose levels probably weren’t below Level 50—except maybe Califor!—and then at himself. Little Gerial.
It was Cawe who grabbed his arm, impulsively. She linked arms and grinned as Gerial started, though neither felt it.
“We may not be heroes, but we’re rubbing feathers with them, eh, Gerial? It just goes to show, even here, it’s not who you were, it’s who you know. We lucked out, eh?”
Abel laughed. The young man chuckled, and Gerial blinked at Cawe before grinning himself.
“Now that’s adventurer’s luck. I like that.”
They turned back to Erin Solstice. Now, she walked with the Rulers of Khelt. They were excited. Khelta herself smiled, herself exuberant.
“Now we may truly fight back, Erin Solstice. We shall communicate with Fetohep, and through him, do what we can to spread word at least of this threat. But carefully. If, as the [Sages] and [Archmages] believe, the six wish to be known—well. First we shall simply let Fetohep know what passes.”
Erin nodded rapidly, still shaking with excitement of her own. She looked at Khelta.
“It’s amazing you can talk with him. Did you plan that?”
“Partly. It was one of the many acts I envisioned for Khelt. I laid down the ritual spells that allowed the creation of Revenants, the control of undead. I am a [Necromancer], you know.”
Erin stopped. She slowed, and blinked.
“I forgot…wait. You’re…then…”
The [Queen of Necrocracy]’s eyes flashed with humor.
“I have heard of your friend, the [Necromancer], and the state of my school of magic in this world. It quite amuses me that you did not seek out my counsel. At any rate, yes. Communion with the spirits of the other world was always something I knew of—just never focused on. I would that I had, or that my successors had managed to carry out one of the great projects I laid out.”
The other rulers looked abashed. One, King Dolenm, bowed his aged head. Before he had passed his crown on, his very skull had begun to wear away, exposing a pure, flickering memory of magic within. Or…a soul.
“That we did not is our failing, great Khelta.”
She waved a hand indulgently.
“Many projects were completed, fair Dolenm. I myself would have prioritized the Sarcophagi of Souls lower. You did manage to create a way of generating water for Khelt in your time…thirst always plagued my reign.”
She nodded indulgently at the King, who nodded in satisfaction. Erin’s head turned.
“The Sarcophagi of…you mean a place where you could come to life?”
