8.32
Page 30
His voice boomed over the courtyard. The people looked up, rising in awe as Fetohep stood at the top of the steps. He posed, just so, a strutting confidence as he walked back and forth. He did not have a speech written or planned; he had no need of such things.
He was a true king, so his eyes flashed with fury, amusement, and grave authority.
“Petty Terandria sets itself against Khelt, and they draw the blood of Khelt’s own. For that, they shall be repaid a thousand, nay, ten thousand times over! This alone enrages me. They parade their champions about as if mortal accomplishments endure, even the half-Elves of the Claiven Earth. For that ignorance, they shall be punished.”
All were silent. Someone was sharing this scene with Wistram. Fetohep stopped. He turned, and lifted his hands. In awe, his people quailed before him. Now, the Revenant’s voice boomed with fury.
“Khelt’s true armies shall fall upon them without end! Arise, soldiers of Khelt!”
Undead moved. The guardians around the palace strode forwards, and the citizens backed away in awe—not horror. Fetohep pointed as more bodies drove themselves out of the earth, forming into vast columns that would make nations tremble.
“Send forth the Legions of Queen Akhta! Bring wrath and ruin across all enemies of Khelt! Drive them until they flee across the waves and flee wailing to the lands that spawned their worthless frames.”
Then his people cheered, in a mighty voice. Fetohep pointed down.
“Calm yourselves. Restore order, and do not weep for me, for I have no life for mine enemies to take. Rejoice! I will deliver unto you, my people, only victory.”
With that, he swept back into the palace, ignoring the cheering—or pretending to.
That was how one ruled, incidentally. Fetohep walked back through the doors, as his limited servants halted in front of him. Their faces shone with awe; they had heard, of course.
“Your Majesty? What is your will?”
Fetohep halted. Now he was inside, he hesitated. Hesitated…for all he had sent a vast army to mobilize at Khelt’s borders, to make up for the damage his army had taken twice over. That was one thing. This?
He spoke slowly, luxuriating in every syllable of it. He would never have dared, normally. Yet now? They spoke to him. He could not answer with anything less. So, then. Fetohep’s eyes flashed. He gave the command at last.
“Open my armory. It is time to deploy the artifacts of war.”
His servants made refreshingly awed faces. They turned into statues as Fetohep walked past them. He had taken a pitiful number of artifacts for this war. Now?
Medain and the Claiven Earth would tremble. Terandria would break their arrogance against him. But first…
Fetohep of Khelt walked into a specific corridor among the tangled labyrinth of his palace. The thousands of locations and rooms that had been expanded and added to over generations as a sort of hobby for previous rulers could confuse the best [Thief].
Fetohep had once let children play games in the palace, but stopped the practice after one of his subjects emerged two years after getting lost without ever having met another living person.
He strode over a hallway made of pure jade, floor, walls, ceiling, even decorations; a bit kitschy aesthetically, but designed to purify with the power of jade. Lovely dark jade flooring, though; like water at night.
