8.32
Page 51
A third voice. A skeleton stood from his tomb. He wore a warrior’s plate armor. His eye-flames flickered with fury, but they were pink, like the petals of flowers. Yet he was extremely tall. Dangerous. For proof, he had an axe as tall as he was, and he swung it one-handed.
“I crave war. I crave battle. I will tear this place to pieces if it was for no reason! His-xe! My rage grows by the second! Who is this? The [Vizir] they said was first? Where is my foe? Is it a Dragon? Say it is a Dragon! What else would I be called for?”
He pointed his axe at the Vizir, swinging his head, left, right, like a wild animal. The [Vizir] hissed.
“Do not speak the Vizir’s title without respect, little warrior! I demand to know—”
One of the half-Giants was frowning.
“I sense no foes either. Is this a mistake? Who is in command here?”
“I—”
“I am the Vizir Hecrelunn! Greatest of all Khelt’s servants! Be silent unless the Vizir speaks!”
Fetohep’s head hurt. He really should have done them one at a time.
“Enough!”
His voice and authority silenced all the Revenants. Even the [Vizir], for a moment. Fetohep stood there, smaller than all of them save the [Vizir] who was floating over his head.
The great warrior already succumbing to rage. The half-Giants, standing in solemn formation, heads bowed, the arrogant [Vizir]—he addressed them all.
“I have summoned you for war, great protectors of Khelt. It is time for war, and war without restraint. Each of Khelt’s weapons will be used. You are but the first. The last two tombs will be opened. I have unsealed Khelt’s armories without restraint. This is the hour in which it is needed, though you cannot yet see it.”
The Revenants stirred. Even the Vizir fell silent.
“All the weapons? What war is this? Do Dragons fly in vast armies to swallow the skies once more?”
One of the half-Giants murmured uneasily. The Vizir stared at Fetohep.
“Does something crawl from beyond the world’s edge?”
The warrior muttered.
“I hope it’s big.”
Fetohep shook his head.
“None of these things. An army from Terandria brings [Knights] by the thousand. A nation of half-Elves with their champions, a great [Mage] and [Commander], offer war. A kingdom of Humans sends their armies against Khelt’s forces.”
The Revenants exchanged glances.
“…That’s it?”
The Vizir Hecrelunn shrieked. He swooped down, aiming a finger at Fetohep. A dangerous spell was charging up—Fetohep’s [Dangersense] screamed louder. The Vizir would loose it.
“Only glorious Queen Heris and Khelta herself could command me! I would have wrested power from them if they were not greater than I in every way! You—you are not my level, not my better! You dare wake me for this trivial thing when each ruler knows we are to be used in Khelt’s darkest hour?”
Fetohep held his ground. He met the Vizir’s pinpoints of rage in their sockets and replied with some satisfaction.
“I believe, Vizir Hecrelunn, you mean ‘only glorious Queen Heris and Khelta herself could command the Vizir’.”
A choking sound emerged from Hecrelunn’s body. One of the half-Giants snorted. Before the Vizir could try to kill him, Fetohep went on.
“Do not think I forget the conditions under which you are to be summoned! I know your names and great deeds. Yet I say this: Khelta and the rulers of Khelt walk with me. They speak. They tell me now is the time. Unleash all or Khelt dies. Vizir Hecrelunn, Honor Guard of Serept, Champion of War Salui. Khelta herself calls you to war.”
The Vizir stopped. The Revenants looked at each other. Salui’s rage halted his trembling.
“You lie. Khelta is dead, and she rests. I will not be tricked.”
