8.32
Page 39
Tiredly, he waved, and an undead skeleton brought him a notepad and the enchanted quill to take dictations. Erin Solstice paused.
“Um. No. I was just going to say hi. I mean…I know you’re busy. I was going to introduce myself and uh—say ‘good job’! Thanks for listening and y’know, communicating with the dead! How’s it going?”
Fetohep paused. He tilted his head.
“How is it…going? Khelt endures. If the rulers wish to know the exact sums in our vaults, I have compiled…”
Again, he reached for another scroll that had been labored on all day by his mortal subjects, but Erin interrupted him.
“No, I mean…how’s things? How are you? Sorry, I don’t mean to give you more work. How’s life being dead? Um…”
Fetohep sat there, bemused, confused, and then he began to smile. Truly smile, though you’d never tell from his face. Yet his voice showed it.
“Ah, I am quite well, Erin Solstice. I rejoice in contact with my predecessors…and it occurs to me I have spoken and acted more in these past months than in many years. In fact, I even know a friend of yours, and those from your world.”
“Bwuh. Whaaaa? No way! You know Earthers? Who do you know that I know?”
Fetohep grinned.
“Do you not know a Kevin of Solar Cycles?”
“You know Kevin? Wait a second—he said he had an important client from Khelt! Hey, that’s the same Khelt as…that’s so amazing! How’s he doing?”
“He has asked for aid for you, and he is quite civil. He is an entertaining young man.”
“Y’know, that’s Kevin. People think he’s random like me, or a goofball, but he’s actually really responsible. Wow. That’s just great…”
Erin trailed off. Fetohep and she were smiling, although only Erin could see it.
She crouched by the throne, speaking there, and looked up at Fetohep. For his part, he was bemused. Of all the ghosts…she was talking to him. Holding a conversation.
“Listen. I know the others want to talk to you and I don’t have important things to say. I mean…there’s a lot to do. I just wanted to say—thank you. And hello. I was…really getting worried I’d never come back to life. I still might not, but since you can hear the rulers of Khelt, that’s really great. Really.”
Her voice betrayed something of her feelings. Fetohep stirred. He did not know where she stood, if one even stood in the lands of the dead. Nor had she spoken much to him, outside that first meeting.
“You stand with the greatest rulers of Khelt, Erin Solstice. I am their mortal agent upon this world. Is the hour so dire this does not offer you reassurance?”
She hesitated.
“…It does. They’re strong, really. Without them Chandrar would have fallen, probably. It’s just…I’m dead.”
She laughed, sadly.
“I should have been more careful. I—I hope you can help. I know it’s a lot to ask, but I’d just like to live. Sorry, I’m rambling and someone else wants a word. I just—thank you.”
She vanished before he could respond. Fetohep sat there for a moment. Interesting. He realized something in that moment, which was only confirmed by Xierca’s whisper.
“I hope you will prioritize reviving Erin Solstice, Fetohep. Her spirit has endured much and she longs to live. On her we place many hopes.”
Her tone was more somber. Fetohep listened, and now the awe, the trepidation, and the frank annoyance and dismay of hearing his predecessors left him, he heard what was truly there.
Uncertainty. The Rulers of Khelt were…uncertain. Something was dire indeed, that they did not even dare tell him the full scale of the lands of the dead. Erin Solstice? She was afraid. She longed to live. And that the other ghosts could not help her with. After all, they were dead.
