8.32
Page 53
“He will appear. Teleportation, or another puppet.”
She was certain of that. It would be wars of attrition as countless armies poured from Khelt. The old half-Elf sighed.
“Armies and armies, and he’ll be there at the head each time. Let the Terandrians besiege Khelt, or we’ll drown in undead.”
“We only need break his forces here, then he will be on the defense. If we liberate the new lands of Khelt in Jecrass or endanger the Arbiter Queen, we may force him to relent.”
The Herald saw few other ways to end Fetohep’s onslaught. Yet she was now confident…his army was reduced and he was one warrior, for all he was dangerous.
That was why High King Perric was back in his army, and the [Knights] advancing already. They were confident. They knew the dangers. They knew Fetohep might come with relics, but they were ready to fight, to take losses, but counter-level and prevail.
It was a good plan. Good assumptions.
They had no idea what was coming next.
The half-Elf sensed it first. He glanced up and snapped.
“Teleportation spell in Khelt’s army! At the head!”
“Just as planned. Make ready!”
The Fables of the Forest roared, lifting their blades as the Herald rode to the front of the army. She saw a figure materialize in front of Khelt’s forces. Fetohep, wearing full plate armor this time. She narrowed her eyes. The half-Elf slowed.
“…Is it just me or does he look…taller…?”
She was uncertain. The warrior who appeared might have been Fetohep; he could probably take any body he chose. Yet this warrior was nearly half again as tall. And, the Herald realized, he carried no halberd but a giant axe as tall as he was. It was ludicrously big, even if it was enchanted to be weightless!
The [Knights] stirred. Horns began to sound as individual [Knight]-orders shouted victory, proclaiming their ranks and orders. Medain’s horns began to warble…the Herald lifted a hand and the Claiven Earth did not follow suit.
The warrior was not Fetohep. Her skin began to prickle. She looked back at the half-Elf. He was standing up from his chair.
“What is that?”
Both of them saw it. The better [Knights] and the Named Adventurer in the armies all stopped. They stared at the warrior.
Whoever that was…they were more dangerous than Fetohep. The Herald’s skin turned cold.
“I didn’t think he would use Khelt’s hoarded relics. Just how angry is Fetohep of Khelt?”
Then the warrior strode forwards. The armies slowed, and a few bows from Medain’s side loosed presumptuously. The arrows actually made it across the ground thanks to Skills.
They just snapped on the warrior’s armor without even detonating. He—it was a he—walked forwards, then stopped. This, at least, was normal. The ignorant mortals besides the Herald waited for a speech from Fetohep. Some grand declaration, another insult or show.
What they got was a shout. A roaring voice, cracking with anger. If spittle could have flown…but the figure was dead. His flesh was torn, and he still had eyeballs, albeit glowing with light, rotting.
“I! I AM SALUI. GREAT WARRIOR OF KING HIS-XE! YOU ARE ALL MY FOES!”
He screamed so loudly that everyone heard it. No poise. No elevated speech. The great warrior lifted his axe. He was…trembling, the Herald realized. No…shaking.
“YOU TAKE ARMS AGAINST KHELT? DIE! DIE SCREAMING! PLEAD AND BEG FOR MERCY! RUN AND LIVE! YOU WOULD HARM HIS-XE’S WORK? TWICE DIE. KILL YOURSELVES. DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE—”
He was trembling so hard he began to blur in the distance. The mortals stared. They began to realize…that wasn’t Fetohep. King Perric’s jaw worked soundlessly.
