8.32
Page 32
He looked at her. Simply stone relief, yet enchanted to maintain…no other glorifications. No color. He had kept to the old style, as had she. He bowed in front of her. She was shorter than he, less of a warrior, but gloriously wise, even in her relief.
Gentle, caring, yet stern and ruthless when she needed to be—never with her subjects, only abroad. The sculptor was excellent, but he still failed to capture the falcon’s gleam in her eyes. Her stitch-marks on her hands and arms were just as he remembered them, but she was not long-rotted by age; gloriously intact in this rendition of her.
He sank to one knee, head lowered. Of them all, he would always remember her as his ruler, the eternal guardian as he had grown from boy into man.
“My glorious Queen. I would that you speak to me. I feel your presence, yet I cannot hear your voice. What will you and the rulers of Khelt?”
He looked around, but the statues were still. Fetohep rose, and continued his path, doing another loop. He felt them, yet the divide of death was difficult to bridge, even for a single voice. Even for them.
He walked under the shadow of greatness. Not all had been perfect; far from it. Fetohep had read the faults of his predecessors in their myriad ways. How many times had he wished they would speak?
If they did so now, something was wrong. Without guidance, Fetohep would do what must be done. Crush his enemies, guard Khelt, and look into Erin Solstice’s death. He still could not credit that, and wondered if that was just a hallucination caused by Kevin’s pleas.
Fetohep thought he could…hear them, though. It had been less than two hours since he had returned to life, after all. The longer he strode the palace, the louder the distant voices and feelings became.
“Did I err, leaving Khelt? Perhaps. Speak to me, Great Khelta. Tell me your will. Tell me what threatens Khelt. I have pledged to rain destruction upon our enemies. Do you see me? Do you approve? Speak, I implore you.”
The Revenant spread his arms, standing in front of the statues. Yes. He could almost hear them, now. And…a different voice?
He strained, piecing together the understanding. He turned to Queen Xierca’s statue. Fetohep thought he felt her presence. He hesitated—then reached out and touched her hand. His golden flames dimmed.
And at last, he heard it. He listened and heard the voice at last, welling in the promise of Khelt, the very same ground they had all walked. His very soul.
It said:
“Four out of ten.”
Fetohep of Khelt went still. His golden ‘eyes’ dimmed in their sockets. After a second he felt at his earhole, reflexively. He’d…what was that?
The mists of undeath cleared. The bridge between worlds thinned as the ruler of Khelt reclaimed his connection with the power that gave Khelt its strength. Just in time for Queen Xierca’s voice to become distressingly clear.
“It was an acceptable speech. He clearly did not rehearse his lines.”
“The pacing. A ruler should stand still. As to his call to arms…I would have used the Vraikscourge of Semide, myself. He even wasted Serept’s half-Giant warriors in battle.”
Another voice agreed. Fetohep did not recognize it, but it had the same quality that told him it unmistakably came from somewhere else, not actual auditory sound. A third voice chimed in.
“I took it as a show of force. Conservation of the higher-level undead. Showy, but understandable. A kind of analogous reminder to half-Giant armies of previous eras that lack in this wasted world of today. Six out of ten.”
