8.32
Page 27
“We are concerned, [Knight-Commander], about the offense given to Khelt. It seems your crusade may awaken Khelt’s wrath.”
“We intend to do more than that, your Majesty. Khelt is a stain upon the world for its use of necromancy. We shall eradicate it and bring justice to Chandrar!”
The [Knight] clenched one gauntleted hand, flushing with zeal. Yisame’s eyes slid sideways. One of her [Generals]’ jaw was hanging open.
They’re actually serious. She flicked the fan open to whisper, then turned her attention back to the [Knight].
“I shall speak even more bluntly, [Knight-Commander]. Khelt is mighty. I would not have it roused to ire. Long has it been silent; Fetohep’s actions unnerve, but it might have ended at the release of the King of Duels. This is not desirable to Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Does Terandria intend to conquer Jecrass as well, and establish yet another colony on Chandrar’s shores?”
She stressed that last bit. Nerrhavia did not like the other nations that previous crusades had established, but they were wary; Terandria was a prickly group of infighting Humans that loved to turn on a common target. Nerrhavia could take on all of Terandria, of course…but why bother? Ahem.
“Ah, to that, your Majesty…we don’t intend to battle Jecrass. We will defend ourselves if provoked, but Jecrass has some sympathies. Indeed, we hope to prevail on Medain to free King Raelt. It is a distressing situation, but Jecrass is merely deluded. Desperate. Rest assured, we shall concentrate our ire on pure evil as we find it! Rest assured, Reim will be taken to task right after Khelt.”
“Ah.”
Yisame’s voice was a bit weak. She had been informed of many ways this conversation should go, and her [Diplomats] and court had been ready to steer Terandria into numerous angles, including fighting the King of Destruction.
However, her [Diplomats] looked purely amazed at this amount of non-diplomacy. They shook their heads, not meeting her gaze.
“…Well, we shall wish Terandria the best of luck in its endeavor. We are told the courageous [Knights] of Terandria have slain Dragons, Giants, and the greatest of foes in the past.”
“You speak of glory we hope to attain, your Majesty. You honor us by your faith.”
“Yes indeed. We have always wished to see what happened when the [Knights] charged straight into Dragonfire. It should be most interesting.”
Yisame saw the [Knight-Commander]’s face screw up in puzzlement just a second before the transmission ended. She turned back to her court.
“It seems Terandria will not cease in its valiant foolishness. Let them break their lances on Khelt’s borders. If it ends with Terandria’s army fleeing back across the sea, it shall be for the best. Medain and the Claiven Earth may be humbled, to Nerrhavia’s benefit so long as it does not give the King of Destruction new ground.”
Everyone could agree on that. Yet Yisame chewed the inside of her lip. They’d have to approach Fetohep directly. It was not that Nerrhavia was concerned of tiny Khelt. Not at all. It was just…it would be nice to make sure all was well.
History books told you facts you sometimes did not wish to know. Yet Fetohep had been silent for four days. All was well.
…P-probably. Yisame reached for a calming tonic. She’d been doing that a lot of late.
 
—-
 
Nations that feared Khelt would return as an active and powerful player in Chandrar resented Terandria’s crusade. They envisioned an allied Khelt with Jecrass, a dangerous alliance in decades to come.
