8.32
Page 16
The others were meaningfully silent. The hour was dark, and for all they argued over the petty concerns of life, if they could have joined forces in any meaningful way, they would have. Even with those who had murdered them. This was a war for existence, and against foes who did not die.
It was then that one of the [Queens] raised her head. She had watched the ocean, as they all had. Now…she floated a bit past Avel’s cliffs.
“Wait. What is that?”
She frowned, squinted. And then raised her voice. The monarchs around her looked up as one of the [Queens] began to stride through the air.
“What is going on? Have you lost your senses?”
“No, no.”
The [Queen] was growing excited. She called to the others.
“Get the bow! Warn the other outposts! Look! Don’t you see it?”
She pointed. All the ghosts turned now, and the [Princess] holding the Bow of Avel gave a cry. Now they all saw it.
In the distance, a shape was coming. A vast figure, flying across the sea. Purple light flared, but purple in a color that stretched beyond the visible spectrum. Some of the greatest [Archers] saw the light which trended into spectrums beyond the natural and pointed.
“A Dragon! I have never seen such scales!”
“A Void Dragon. They were always rare. That’s…a Dragon. It comes beyond the sea, and it is besieged!”
It was true. Two of them followed hot on the Dragon’s tail, pursuing it, only kept back by the Dragonfire as the desperate Dragon flew north. From…?
“I bear word of Chandrar! To my aid, my kin!”
The roar of Xarkouth, the Dragonlord of Stars, echoed across the silent ocean. And they came. Ghosts, Dragons, monarchs, bearing the relics that still remained, rushed forwards to do grim battle with the two following. News?
He brought news indeed. Hope, as much as there was to grasp at. Words of defiance, but also something which would echo among the dead. A name.
Erin Solstice.
 
—-
 
In the center of the last gathering of Chandrar’s ghosts, the little Garuda and dead of [Slavers] and [Slaves] were brought. They had come north, far north, to a kingdom founded in death.
Why here? Why was this where the ghosts gathered?
Because there was power here. More than that? They had something else.
But look. Cawe’s eyes grew wider, and had she breath, she would have gasped.
The ghosts filled the ground and air. With each step, she passed by countless thousands, millions, even greater numbers that filled the world.
Yet in the center stood the greatest of them, some whose names were still legends, others who had been forgotten. Some whose stories had never been told. It did not matter.
Here they fit. Cawe walked between lines of ghosts half again her height. Great Stitch-[Sages], whose lined features took on tones of immortality with their knowledge. One, whose robes glittered with fabric made of great materials of old.
She passed under the arm of a warrior garbed in adamantium armor, a Giant who sat with helmet on the ground that she might converse with a Garuda whose feathers were like a Phoneix’s, in flame.
Cawe saw a [Witch] made of wood turn, her hat of leaves tilting as she caught sight of Nerrhavia and Queen Merindue. She pointed, and eight adventurers turned. One reflexively reached for her whip made of Manticore hide, a nine-tailed weapon, each head coated in a different poison, when she saw Igheriz and recognized him.
