8.32
Page 0

(It is the 5th Anniversary of The Wandering Inn, and in celebration (or something), Book 4: Winter Solstice is out on Audible, and as an e-book on Amazon! Also! Diana Gill’s Q&A from the Discord server can be found here!)
 
(The Last Tide is going to launch a Kickstarter on August 24th for the full comic and physical versions! It’s almost done, sorry for the delay!)

 
The sun rose on Chandrar, that arid continent full of as much suffering as magic, but it did not burn away the nightmares. It was not fair to say, however, that Chandrar was the land of more evil than other places. It was just more visible.
Slaves stood, staring up at the sky. A [Necromancer] shaded his eyes, then lowered his hand, slowly. Slowly.
You could not understand what it was like to just…see the sun, or even breathe, until you knew the difference between freedom and captivity. Pisces Jealnet exhaled. He clenched his hands, his branded scars and wounds, visible and invisible, lingering.
His friend, Cawe, was dead. A brave [Pickpocket].
So too lay his captors. He refused to give them names or remember where they had died. He looked up in that morning twilight, where the sky was brightening but still dark. Yes, the sun shone down cruelly at times. Uncaring over suffering.
Roshal’s depravities through night and day were ignored. Sometimes they became clearer than not, but the sun?
He did not stare at the sun, but towards the western sky. At the trail across the roof of the world.
That beautiful, glowing rainbow. A shimmering trail the very color of magic.
A symbol for [Slaves] anywhere to look up and be inspired by hope, rebellion. The nightmare of all those who kept them. Many had forgotten, believing the symbol would never come again. Now—it shone.
The Death of Chains. Czautha flew. One of the mightiest Djinni of her kind turned the sky alight.
“Now there is a sight to end all dark dreams. I will dream of it, I think.”
Merr the Storm looked up. The [Bandit Lady] stood with the other [Slaves] for a moment. Pisces just nodded.
Soon, they would move. They would have to figure out where to go, how to get to where he intended to take them. Soon they would be hunted, he knew. Already word was spreading.
For a moment? They looked up, and took comfort and safety from that sight.
 
—-
 
Listen. Look. 
The [Necromancer] of Izril, Az’kerash, raised his head as Ijvani stumbled into the room.
“Master, master, news of the apprentice Pisces!”
She flinched from his glare, which had been his mood the last week and a half. Naught but a dark fury, a mood which sent his Chosen scurrying away from his study. Attempts had been made and failed, and Az’kerash had feared the worst today.
His head rose and his eyes opened. He stood, slowly.
“How?”
He was far from the only person to hear the news incredulously. The Gold-rank adventurer, a prize among [Slaves]—freed?
How disastrous. Well, some people thought that. Others—
“Yes!”
Selys threw up her claws. Drassi had scattered all her papers over Noass and Sir Relz, rushing into the broadcast booth to blurt it out. His friends and allies celebrated.
Roshal was unhappy. The [Necromancer] would have to be reclaimed. The loss of no less than two caravans—no, three if you counted the Emir who was already being purged from all records—was a blow.
The [Slaves] had to be reclaimed, examples made. Roshal would send their agents. Post bounties. They would be found.
It was just that Roshal was a tiny bit…busy…at the moment.
 
—-
 
