8.32
Page 7
Igheriz. The Garuda turned. She did not whirl, or turn with vengeance or hate in her eyes. She just…turned. Igheriz rose.
“I died?”
Cawe saw the brief fury, loss, fear settle across his face, and then fade. The ghost looked up—and saw Cawe.
“You. I killed you.”
“Yes. You died too? Who killed you?”
“The—the Djinni. The Death of Chains. She freed Azam. She freed the slaves. I think she is killing them all.”
Sure enough, more [Guards] appeared. Then Astotha, Droppe, Shein, and a few other [Slaves]. They screamed or wept…then stood.
Cawe saw them realize their deaths. She realized hers, and looked at Igheriz.
“Good. Pisces is going to live. I’m glad she killed you.”
Even in death, her animosity was enough to make her voice angry. Igheriz looked at her, and then away.
“So we’re dead. Is that you, Hrome?”
“He killed me. He…I was good to him.”
A man sat on the ground. Igheriz walked over.
“Who? Pisces? Did you expect more from a [Slave]? But he is ungrateful. Of all of us, I would have expected you to live, Hrome.”
“Yes! But he killed me.”
Hrome looked up. For a brief instant, Cawe saw his face, melted to bone. Then…it shifted to Hrome’s normal face. His features stopped twisting and he slowly rose. Igheriz nodded, his voice with that same dispassion in it as Cawe’s.
“Such a pity.”
Cawe was dead. Yet even here, even now that all her mortal regrets and desires were fading away, she still did not want to be among their company. So she began to…drift away. Igheriz looked at her.
“What are you doing, slave?”
Cawe turned about and faced him.
“I am no longer your slave. You cannot order me about.”
Igheriz blinked. He looked at his hands, semi-transparent, and grimaced.
“So you are. I wonder what will happen next?”
So did Cawe. She felt as though something was missing. Surely something came next. She had never thought about death, but…did she haunt the living or something? She could haunt Pisces she supposed, or slavers. Maybe she’d see her family?
The living weren’t here. Cawe wondered if this was it. Yet blandly; nothing was strong here. Only her intense hatred for Igheriz and Hrome made her walk away.
Rather to her displeasure, they followed her. So did the [Guards]. So did the [Slaves].
“Go away. I don’t like you.”
“You are still my [Slave]. I do not know where to go.”
Igheriz followed Cawe. She stopped. When he walked over, she tried to poke an eye out with her claw. She managed to poke him in the face as he jerked away. It didn’t really hurt, but he felt it, or at least, the obstruction of her talon.
“That is enough. I would hit you, or make you a [Slave]…but I do not see the point.”
Cawe glared at Igheriz.
“And I cannot find the effort to figure out how to kill you. Yet. We’re both dead.”
“Yes.”
The two stared at each other. Then they drifted onwards. They might have done so for a long time, until Cawe decided to go to where she had been born, somewhere that mattered, and Igheriz, the [Slavers], the [Slaves], all did likewise. They might have remained there, standing and letting time pass them by, occasionally remarking on familiar faces, or a change in the living world around them.
But then came the Giant.
He walked across Chandrar in massive strides. Cawe, Igheriz, and the others all slowed. They looked up.
There was a true Giant. He moved with huge, sure steps, his clothing fine, his brows crossed. Eyes…searching. He was stroking his beard, and behind him flew nearly ten thousand smaller ghosts.
