8.32
Page 14
That was not the case here. The First King of Avel lowered the great longbow, a gift from a Dragon, made with such skill that no [Bowyer] in any time had ever exceeded it, or so it was said, and stared steely-eyed out into the distance.
Solemn sentinel, even in death. Around him stood the ghosts of Avel and nations close to it. An enclave, dedicated to watching the shores of this region for threats. Many were monarchs, like he. In fact, every generation of Avel’s royalty stood with him.
Their class gave them power, even here. With them stood those who had achieved the highest of levels in their time, the greatest of deeds. They mocked the thing as it fled. Then, at last, a [Queen] declaimed.
“That makes six! All six, then. They have fallen for it, each in their arrogance. Had we wine, we should celebrate this occasion. Prithee, let us send for a messenger and inform the other kingdoms of this occasion.”
Her husband, smugly folding his arms, inclined his head.
“It is a triumph in a dark hour. Fain, we shall inspire the others by our wit and words. I decree it, so it shall be done. A [Poet]—find me a [Poet] among our dead and messengers aplenty!”
He clapped his hands. Some lesser ghosts milled about. The First King of Avel took no notice. The other ghosts were allowed to do as they wished; they needed his bow to fend off threats. He stood there, calmly posed, willing to wait years, centuries if need be, for the next shot. After all, he was ruler of Avel and he would defend it in death until—
“My turn.”
Someone yanked the bow out of his hands. The First King of Avel started. Another [King] of Avel was wrestling with the bow.
“You fool! This is my bow! My sacred weapon!”
The third King of Avel gave his grandfather a less-than-filial look.
“It is Avel’s sacred weapon. I have wielded it in times past. You have used it enough—we agreed on a rotation.”
“You all agreed on a rotation. I founded Avel! This bow is mine alone!”
The two ghosts began to argue and tug on the bow, but they were evenly matched, without physical strength or things like gravity, traction, and other details to give them some advantage. It was a [Princess] in the end who separated the two.
“Enough! This is the end of our times and you two fight? Stop quibbling over the only weapon that can defend us!”
The two [Kings] realized they had an audience of their peers, descendants, and subjects. Abashed, they stopped, and the First King reluctantly held the bow out, loosely. The third king of Avel, who had turned what was a very small ‘kingdom’ into a version of the prosperous lands it was today, reached for the bow, haughtily.
The [Princess] snatched it. Both [Kings] started.
“How dare you! That is the bow of kings—”
“And I was better with it than both of you. I’m the highest-levelled [Archer] here. Or have either of you ever actually killed a Dragon with it? Annoying them doesn’t count. I have killed Dragons and Giants and worse.”
The First and Third [Kings] of Avel spluttered. Drawn by the commotion, more ghosts, mostly monarchs, appeared. One waved a hand.
“As King of Delve, I believe we should all be granted a turn with the bow.”
He was promptly ignored by the others. One ruler sneered.
“Delve does not exist, ‘your Majesty’. Let those who founded nations that endure lead.”
It looked like another fight was going to erupt, and the monarchs of Avel were now engaged in a shouting match with their neighbors, the Kingdom of Delve, which had lasted millenia…until it was erased due to that entire shelf of land disappearing into the sea.
