8.32
Page 8
Garuda? But also other species native to Chandrar, albeit many not blessed with flight in life. The Giant was striding, purposefully, moving faster than the rest due to his natural size. Every now and then he would stop and point.
He did so now, pointing at something in the distance. Cawe saw eighteen ghosts descend. She frowned.
“That’s a Giant.”
“So it is. I suppose he is dead too.”
Hrome murmured. Igheriz’s brows crossed. His head swung back and forth from Cawe to Hrome.
“That’s…a Giant.”
He said it differently than the other two. With a bit of awe, trepidation in his voice. Cawe nodded.
“Yes. Why do you say it like that?”
“Because…it’s a Giant. I feel as though it should be important. I do not feel awed, though. As awed as I should be.”
Igheriz touched at his chest. Cawe glanced at him, and then at the Giant as he continued his course across Chandrar, moving towards the coast. She felt…so little at all.
Yet then the Giant turned his head, his eyes roving lifeless Chandrar, and he saw the small band. He pointed again, and Cawe saw the finger point at her. The Giant spoke, and she heard his voice.
“There. Newly dead. They were not there last.”
Instantly, near a hundred ghosts flew down. They converged on the small band, who beheld many ghosts of many species. They greeted each other.
“Hello.”
“You’re dead too. When did you die?”
“Why are you flying? Why are you with the Giant?”
The [Guards] and Hrome, even the [Slaves] and Cawe were confused. What was the point of flying? What was the point of walking about? Igheriz was more animated. He blinked as a tall figure floated down towards him.
“Who are you…Miss?”
A [Queen] stood there, eyes searching the crowd of ghosts, shooing away the lesser ghosts around her with impatient flicks of the hand. She stood differently. Even looked…different.
Cawe had clothing on. What kind? Probably what she’d had in life. She was probably a bit dirty, her feathers uncombed or something.
This [Queen] was a Stitch-Queen arrayed in Nerrhavia Fallen’s style, impressive silk standing out across even more costly skin. A jeweled brooch hung from her head—no, was embedded in her forehead, Cawe realized. Her arms had bangles of jade that Cawe swore she thought were relics of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
She walked in light slippers, and her brows were impatient, curious, and sympathetic. She…was so different from the others that they realized their lacking emotions by standing around her.
Igheriz’s mild curiosity was a dull thing compared to her impatience. She snapped, her voice crisp, lisping slightly.
“You all. What day is it? What day did you die?”
The others blinked. They glanced at each other. After a second, Hrome answered.
“On Laudas.”
That was a day as Roshal counted it. The [Queen] rolled her eyes and they flashed impatiently, violets streaked with topaz.
“I mean, the calendar date. Any system. You. You seem more awake. What level were you, and when did you die?”
She pointed at Igheriz. He hesitated before answering.
“I was a Level 31 [Slave Master], and a Level 22 [Caravan Master]. It was…Laudas last, yes. The month of…”
The [Queen]’s eyes lit up as she tapped her lips.
“That’s later than anyone else. Good, you are recently dead. [Slavers], though.”
Her lips twisted as she stared at Igheriz and Hrome. They looked…puzzled at her reaction. The Stitch-woman flicked her fingers.
“Your kind will welcome you. I would rather the [Slaves], or anyone not part of Roshal. Your perspectives are less twisted. You. Were you [Slave] or [Slaver]?”
“[Slave]. But I tried to get free.”
