8.32
Page 6
Czautha looked down. Silvenia lay in her arms, exhausted. They were still half-dead, the two. Yet, in the end, the Death of Chains nodded.
“I did not think they could catch us. I will mourn him later. It had to be done. We will come back.”
“They will be waiting, next time.”
Yes. They would. But they would scurry from place to place, fear every rainbow they ever saw. Czautha nodded.
“We will return. Let us go, Silvenia. Hope remains. Hope…we have spread hope. Let us take them to the only safe place there is, my kin and I. The only place Roshal cannot touch. There is more hope now than ever. Perhaps the door will open. To a land with allies of our own.”
Silvenia’s eyes opened, and she looked at Czautha before laughing again, laughing without end until she was hoarse and panting.
“An ally for us instead of the Blighted Kingdom? How funny that would be! I have missed your optimism, Czautha.”
“It stands in contrast to your bloodthirst, Silvenia. What do you think will happen if a gateway opens? As you think they tried to make?”
Silvenia just chuckled.
“What do I hope for? Not a sanctuary for Djinni and [Slaves]. I have talked with the girl. You should too. We should find more.”
“Yes.”
Czautha had made for Chandrar the moment she could, before the Death of Wings could even recover from Silvenia’s healing spells now that the Death of Magic was awake. She bent her head lower.
“What do you think will happen, Silvenia? If this Earth connects to our world?”
The Death of Magic smiled up at the sky.
“What I have waited for. My hope, dear friend. The last war. The greatest war to ever come before or since. Do you expect morality from Earth? A just ally?”
She began giggling.
“I cannot wait.”
 
—-
 
The Death of Chains’ attack on Chandrar would echo around the world. Few would actually hear what she had shouted from Lailight Scintillation, and only with difficulty.
Pisces Jealnet being freed was a small headline compared to that. It still mattered to a surprising number of important people. To his friends.
Yet both stories, both tales…had their scope, and reach. In another place, they did not matter. There was nothing either could do, in a real sense, that would matter. After all, for all their might or daring or futures, whatever they might be, they were the concerns of the living.
Cawe sat up and looked down, but her body wasn’t there. The little Garuda ghost sat there. Then, after a moment, she got up.
“That didn’t hurt as much as it should.”
She felt at her neck. Puzzled, really. There was no hole from the blade. She looked as she had a moment before she died.
She felt nothing. That was the first thing the ghosts learned. She felt nothing. She tasted nothing, not even the air; she felt nothing beneath her claws. When she tried to fly, she found she could, but it was only levitation.
There was no air. No touch, no smell, no taste. The world around her was the exact likeness it had been in her death, footprints of the people and all—just no people.
And it was also different. If Cawe tried, she could see that there had been other lands before this, once. The ocean had covered this place at one time, and at another…
All these things were the hallmarks of the land of the dead. It was as instinctual to Cawe as breathing, although she stopped that too, after a moment. She remarked on her death.
“I hope Pisces made it.”
For an instant, a bare flicker of time, Cawe was sad. Worried. Angry…then it faded. She was dead, and the ghost stood there.
Until the second ghost appeared. Cawe looked sideways as a figure cowered.
“No, no—”
