8.32
Page 23
“I suffer Roshal and grant their ghosts my protections for we are all common in death. Yet after hearing the testimony of what that thing has done, I will not offer it Chandrar’s soil. Need we take that Sword of Kings and slay it wherever it lurks? I shall order it if so, or hurl it into the sea to flee the six.”
She glanced at Califor, but the [Witch] shook her head. So did the other six [Witches] of the great coven who had gathered to teach Erin.
“That will not be an issue. For a monster like that—fear him not, child.”
Vexcla, the [Witch] of Eyes, the Gazer, murmured, and nodded to Cawe. The Garuda didn’t understand.
“He died, though. Unless…he didn’t? He’ll be here someday.”
She shivered. Yet again, the [Witches] shook their heads. It was the Treant-[Witch] among them who explained, her voice booming, her body a living tree.
“SOME DEEDS ARE TOO DARK. THEY TWIST THE SOUL. THAT ONE WILL NOT APPEAR HERE. WHEN WOMEN AND MEN CEASE TO REMAIN AS PEOPLE, THEY FORFEIT THIS PLACE. THAT IS WHY ROSHAL HAS LITTLE POWER HERE. MANY OF THEIR DARKEST LEGENDS ARE ELSEWHERE. MAY IT BE OBLIVION.”
There was some relief in hearing that. Cawe smiled again.
Erin did not. She stood there, looking around. As the ghosts turned to her, Cawe saw it happen again.
The dead revolved around the one living person. She could have been a [Murderer], a child, or a cat, and they would have flocked around her. Even if it was not for this desperate time, she had a chance.
Nerrhavia looked at Erin, longingly. So did Califor, the [Witches]; even Khelt’s rulers. That was why Roshal wanted her.
She could bring their will back to the world. It was a heavy burden, yet Erin Solstice did not seem—had not seemed troubled by it.
Now, though…she stood there. Looking at Cawe.
“Pisces. He’s alive? This Death of Chains freed him? I like her. It’s a her, right? A Djinni?”
“Yes. The inheritor of my will.”
Elucina spoke first, nodding, smiling. Some of the other ghosts shut their lips tight, their opinions clearly divergent. Erin didn’t notice. She was nodding.
“That’s good. That’s…good. He’s free. He—he didn’t have a good time. But he’s free.”
She looked at Cawe. Then turned.
“Did you say it’s Laudas? I don’t know that day. Is that a Wednesday or something? What’s the date in…Izrilian time?”
“Twenty third of Solla.”
“Oh. Um…what’s that in Earth time? No, I can do this. January, February, March…”
Erin began counting on her fingers. Nerrhavia rolled her eyes, impatient, and began to walk back the way she’d come, where she could do some good. That was the funny thing. For all they hated each other…Merindue made to do the same. They wanted to help. Be useful.
“Oh.”
A quiet voice behind them. Something about the tone…made both women stop. It was in Erin’s voice.
Oh. A slight exclamation, a surprised tone that cracked halfway through. Oh, like someone had told her something terrible and it slipped out. Nerrhavia’s head moved around.
Erin stared at her fingers.
“That’s…later than I thought. It’s been months, now. Well, at least…”
She began to count again on her fingers, but stopped. One of the Earthers, the young man, Abel, came over and tried to do the math for her. Erin was distracted.
She stared at her fingers.
“That’s a longer time than I thought it was.”
The ghosts exchanged glances. Califor cursed and bit her lip; she hadn’t mentioned the date. Someone kicked her. It was without pain, but even so—Vexcla glared at Califor with all her eyes and Califor tugged at the brim of her hat.
“It’s just perception, Miss Solstice. Time flows in different perceptions here.”
