8.32
Page 12
“Yes, yes. I might as well do a proper job of it. Let me see. You do not know anything of value, so we will let you gather with the others and be told what is occurring.”
Her tone adopted one of bored rote, even here.
“Do you have any information on ‘The Wandering Inn’ in Izril, the city of Liscor, a Mrsha, Lyonette du Marquin, let’s see…Relc Grasstongue, Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt, Saliss of Lights, Erin Solstice, of course…”
She was reciting names from memory. The ghosts didn’t know any of them, except maybe vaguely, as those who had heard something once or twice. Then Nerrhavia spoke the name aloud.
“…Griffon Hunt, Horns of Hammerad…”
Cawe blinked. She spoke at the same time as Hrome, Igheriz, and the others.
“Horns of Hammerad? You mean, Pisces?”
Merindue’s head snapped around. Nerrhavia looked up. Her brows shot together.
“You know…Pisces Jealnet?”
“Know him? He was in our company, Great Nerrhavia. He was…well, Igheriz’s [Slave]! He was right there. He killed me!”
Hrome blustered. Nerrhavia’s eyes opened wide. She looked at Queen Merindue, and suddenly the other woman had a triumphant look on her face. She strode over to Cawe.
“My instincts, Nerrhavia, are never wrong. Cawe, you say you know Pisces? How well?”
“I was chained up with him for days. I tried to help him escape. Why, what’s—”
Cawe got no further because Nerrhavia and Merindue grabbed her arms. They rushed her through the crowd. [Sages], [Kings], [Queens], Named Adventurers, and more looked up as Nerrhavia shouted.
“Donbaaar! We have news of Pisces of the Horns of Hammerad! To the center!”
The Giant turned. He bent down at once and scooped them up. Terrified, Cawe saw the sea of ghosts part.
That was how she came to the center of it all. The last stand of the ghosts in Chandrar’s death.
And how she met Erin Solstice.
 
—-
 
In distant Terandria, the kingdom of Avel sat on a network of cliffs. The beaches lay at the bottom of a natural trenchwork of passages, in themselves not difficult to climb up and down, but reminiscent of a child digging lines in stone with a trowel.
The highlands of Avel, the famous Kingdom of Bows, also gave rise to the natural terrain that had made so many great archers out of their people.
It had not changed markedly over millennia. Oh, buildings appeared and disappeared, the kingdom was sacked…twice…and the capital relocated both times. A mountain disappeared that was technically bordering Avel, but even in the land of the dead, Avel was much as it always had been.
Terandria had kept much that other places had lost. Yet now…
Now, the ___ of lost things, the forgotten, stopped on its journey. It halted at the coast and saw the ghosts, supplicating, standing on the cliffs.
“Great lord! Hear our plea! Have mercy!”
They were shouting. Terandria was embattled. Six things assailed it. They would devour each continent. Izril had fallen; so the ghosts, these ones at least, stood on the cliffs. Terrified. They shouted at the thing as it regarded them, interested.
“We surrender! Oh spirit, oh master of this realm—give us mercy in this hour! We shall show you the other enclaves of ghosts. Do we do that—consider sparing our souls?”
A woman called out, and a cluster of men and women all added supplications, some going as far as to kneel and bow their heads on the ground.
It was a style that was almost…prayer. The ___ of lost things was intrigued. It had known Terandria remained unassailable. It seemed there were traitors in every land.
