8.32
Page 24
Sage Velzimri explained, though he clearly knew it wasn’t the issue. Erin Solstice didn’t reply.
“That’s…a long time. I thought I’d…I mean, I know it’s silly. But they know I’m not fully dead. I mean, dead, but…”
She tried to smile. Then looked at her hands. Three fingers, the last one partly uncurled.
“That’s…a while. I thought that I’d be back by now. I mean—it’s possible. Right, Califor?”
She looked around.
“In theory. You are dead, Erin.”
“Y-yeah. But you said—I mean, I know my friends. Ryoka too. She’s got crazy powers. She doesn’t even level because she’s a rebel like that—you’d like her, Elucina—but she’s got Ivolethe—had—and, and—”
Erin was babbling a bit and she knew it. She looked down at her hands.
“It’s just crossbow bolts. It’s not like I got eaten. You said it could be done, right, Velzimri?”
“If it were I—”
He fell silent at a warning look from one of the [Witches] behind Erin. The young woman turned, but Somillune’s face was calm when she met Erin’s eyes.
“Two and a half months is not long to bring back the dead, Miss Erin Solstice. If it is possible, I believe the living will try.”
“Yeah. But they wouldn’t. No, you’re right. It’s just taking a while. I mean, duh. I know it’s hard. I just—need to get back to my body soon.”
Erin laughed, shakily. Her fingers. She looked at them. The ghosts were silent. They saw what was happening. Nerrhavia glanced at the [Witches], but they were just watching, letting it run its course.
Her two and a half fingers. Erin stared at them, turning her hand over, as if to examine the lines on her palms.
“I need to get back sooner. Now.”
“Why is that, Erin Solstice?”
Somillune asked, her tone mildly curious. Erin looked up. She glanced at Cawe, then back to Somillune.
“Because…because Pisces is out there. I know he’s lost in Chandrar and all those jerks from Roshal are going to be after him, right?”
“That is what Roshal does.”
Nerrhavia muttered. Erin nodded.
“Right. Right—so, I have to get back. So I can help out. Somehow. Maybe I’ll supercharge my door or get Ryoka to fly over or…something.”
“Something. You think you can hop over a continent and defy Roshal?”
Nerrhavia snorted, walking up the steps. Erin Solstice was shaking her head.
“No…well, I mean, I’d try. I just mean…Pisces can take care of himself, but the Horns are lost. That’s what the ghosts say. I bet Lyonette’s worried and Mrsha is sad. I bet Pisces can get all the others to safety. I bet he’s coming to the inn to dump them on me. That’s okay. He’s a smart guy. I never tell him that because he’s snooty, but he’s smart and brave and…I just have to be back when he gets there.”
“Why?”
Califor’s eyes glittered under her hat. Erin tried to unclench her hands, or clench them, but they were frozen. They were shaking. Shaking hard.
Two and a half months? It wasn’t that long, but what had happened while she was gone? Would she see more ghosts? How would she know if they died on Izril, or anywhere but Chandrar?
“Because someone has to be there when he gets back. To hug him. To ask—no. Just to hug him, after all that. After all the things he saw, someone has to give him a hot drink and…greet him at the door. Me. I have to be there. So my friends should hurry up. And revive me. That’s silly. I don’t know why I’m putting it all on them. I just…”
She was babbling. Shaking. The ghosts watched, with concern, looking away in embarrassment, in sympathy, or just waiting, like the [Witches].
