8.32
Page 22
Corpses, sitting on a throne. Revenants, bearing the will to protect and guide their people. Erin could see it happen.
The beautiful Stitch-woman of Queen Xierca, lips stitched a carmine red. Turning her head, and becoming…
Decaying fabric. Eyes lost, glittering white flames with hints of amethyst in her sockets. Stitches missing. Slowly disintegrating on her throne until half her face was gone, until it seemed she was a puppet long worn away. As if she might fall to pieces if she moved. Yet still smiling. Wearying, but…
They all did that. The half-Giant rotted away to bone, his glowing eyes shining with dark rubies amid black flame. His spine bowing more as centuries turned his bones further yellow.
Wearying. Yes, that was what happened to all of them. They became undead and the centuries ground them down until they finally ended—and were allowed to rest.
All but Khelta, who was a woman, at varying stages of her life when she chose, but a woman still. She had lived the least of all of them, that founder of their nation.
It was she who led them all. So she raised a hand and their discussion stopped.
“I will not waste time teaching what falls upon deaf ears. Will you listen to Roshal, Erin Solstice?”
She turned to the [Innkeeper]. Erin shook her head immediately.
“No. I don’t want them. I’ll listen to many people. Not them. Not after what they did to my friend. Can you…get rid of them, please?”
Roshal’s masters glared and tried to push harder. Khelta just nodded. She pointed at the ghosts.
“You all have heard her will. If we desire it, we shall summon you. This is the land of Khelt, great kingdom of death. You are not welcome. Begone.”
The other ghosts moved back at once. Roshal’s ghosts flowed up the steps, desperately, reaching for Erin, whispering—too late.
Sand blew out of the air, real sand, stinging, particles of it blasting the ghosts into the air. A sandstorm swept them into the air, and hurled them across Chandrar in a mighty arc. Cawe’s beak opened, and Erin smiled. Not a happy smile, but…
Khelta turned her head without another word, as if she’d just swatted a fly. That alone, that casual disregard, made Cawe love her.
“Thank you.”
The Garuda whispered. Khelta’s head turned, and her eyes flashed once. They were startlingly pale white, just a hint of color in them—pale white and merely the hint of brown, though her skin was native to Chandrar.
“You are welcome, little ghost. Rest here, and they will not trouble you in death if you will it. I shall accept your number into Khelt’s ranks.”
Cawe bowed low. But then she had a terrible, dark thought. She rose, and looked back. Astotha, Shein, and Droppe cowered, and dared not come closer. Yet they were only [Slaves] who had been afraid. Cawe was angry at them, because they had gotten her killed. Yet she knew why they had been so afraid.
A shadow passed over her soul, even here. Even in death…she whispered a name.
“Riqre. Is…is he going to be here?”
The ghosts stopped. The [Witches] glanced at each other and Erin stirred. If she had skin, it would have crawled.
“The Emir? The…the one with the mansion? And jars?”
“Rhir’s hells.”
Gerial muttered. Yet suddenly, Cawe was afraid all over again. Everyone died. That was the great equalizing force. Everyone died, and came here. Yet if there was ever something that could taint even death…
Once more Khelta’s head turned. Two jade earrings swung as she looked about.
