8.32
Page 31
He passed by framed paintings of tens of thousands of Khelt’s citizens, a passion project of Queen Zushe-Greso. Each one painted by a masterful [Artist] over Level 40, each one preserved for immortality, decorated in frames each of the owner’s choosing. Costly wood, simple hand-carved materials, gold…he always smiled at the one lined by fur…
A hundred corridors, each to distract and amaze. Fetohep had gotten bored of them in the first century of his life.
He came to the only one that mattered, close to the throne room itself. Fetohep stopped, in one of the original parts of the palace. One of the most important parts, truly. For all the riches elsewhere…here…here was what mattered.
The hallway was unfinished. It was made of plain marble, before Khelt’s riches had come without end. It had eighteen statues, each in an alcove. Room for twice as many more, easily.
There were similar hallways, elsewhere, in many parts of Khelt. Grand museums with entire novels for each individual. Glorious poses, fantastical reliefs. Yet here was the truest testament, truest legacy of his predecessors.
The rulers of Khelt looked at Khelt, each one life-like, each one staring ahead into oblivion. Carved as they had been before death, not their Revenant-forms.
There was even one of him, closest to where he stood. Fetohep read his own name.
Fetohep of Khelt.
No titles, not yet. All of his would be added after he perished and the next ruler took his place. Fetohep suspected he’d have a few, and he wondered who would be next.
Often, he came here to think on the future. Or simply be humbled.
For here they were. He walked slowly down to the front of the room. There…she was. A sculpture that had been done as she lived, and was thus presumably accurate.
“Khelta the First.”
Fetohep bowed in front of her. He felt her presence. He felt their presence. The great dead were angry. Something was wrong.
Erin Solstice? How…Kevin? No. First, Fetohep simply paid his respects. He tried to take wisdom, understanding from this place. Here or his throne room would be the place where they spoke loudest to him. His eyes lingered on each statue in line.
Eighteen rulers. They had persisted, some over a thousand years, ruling Khelt until the mantle passed to him. Eighteen. And not one you could gloss over. Eighteen…
 
Queen Khelta the First, the Sovereign of Warm Sands, Monarch of Undeath, Origin of Khelt’s Promise, Dragonfoe of Khelt Eternal, Glorian of Chandrar.
 
There was a title above all others, for all you might not know it. Glorianemi zeikh, the title of respect awarded to those of Chandrar who exceeded all others. An honored name that could never be taken back. No one, not even the King of Destruction could take it by force.
 
Queen Heris the Second, the Scorpion of Khelt, Great Avenger of Ger.
King Tkayl of Khelt, the Silent Sovereign, Harbinger of Peace, Guardian of the Waters.
Queen Emrist of Khelt. The Pactmaker.
Queen Zushe-Greso. No titles given. 3rd most beloved Monarch of Khelt overall. Nineteen hundred years reign of peace and prosperity.
Suzerain Serept of Khelt and the Nomads of the Sky. The Watchful Giant. Battlekin of the House of Minos. The Blacksmith King.
King His-xe the Serpent King, the Undead Viper of…
 
There were so many of them. Fetohep knew some of their histories intimately, having read countless accounts of their deeds by every perspective. Some, he was only ‘acquainted’ with, which meant he’d probably only read a thousand pages of their lives.
Queen Xierca, of course, was next to his statue.
