8.32
Page 20
Elucina and Velzimri exchanged a look. The [Sage] mulled over an appropriate response.
“Ah. He has potential to grow, then. That is always welcome.”
They watched Erin’s face as Cawe finally finished. The [Innkeeper] bowed her head, and they all took something different out of it.
Gerial beheld Erin as he had seldom seen her. He had not known her as long as the living. Yet he had known her when Pawn came to the inn, after being tortured by Ksmvr.
Elucina witnessed the same fury in her heart, and it worried her. It could consume. She had seen that too, but she would never gainsay Erin’s fury. She understood the horrors of chains.
Velzimri just saw Erin’s concern. Her anger, her rage? The [Sage] saw the expressions of someone who cared for someone else. That was what he had lacked.
“So he’s alive. He’s…free? Thank you for telling me.”
Erin hugged Cawe one-armed. The [Pickpocket] shook her head.
“I don’t know. We were captive and Igheriz killed me first. What happened next? I don’t know. They do.”
She pointed down the steps and Erin looked at Hrome, Igheriz, Astotha, Shein, Droppe, and the guards. Her face darkened further.
“Those are the [Slavers]? Why are they here?”
“Are you surprised? Everyone dies. Better they are here than among the living. Fear not; if your friend is not here, then he is alive, and the Death of Chains freed the others.”
The reasonable response came from one of the [Witches]. Somillune, the Witch of Ashes. Erin Solstice hesitated, and her anger faded a step. She looked down at Igheriz. The revulsion was written across her face, yet the [Slave Master] walked up the steps. He was more alive, like the others, and Cawe begrudged every bit of the memory of life this place gave him. She glared as he smiled, toothily, up at Erin.
“Miss Solstice, is it? I am Igheriz, Caravan Master of Roshal! You have heard my sl—Cawe. Will you not listen to us? This is a great gathering of the dead.”
Incredulously, the [Innkeeper] stared down at him, but some of the ghosts in the gathering and outside stirred. Nerrhavia watched Erin’s face with interest.
“Me? Speak to you?”
“I knew Pisces longer than that Garuda. Surely if you speak to many ghosts, you have time for me? I knew Pisces and could tell you my story.”
“You tortured him. Cawe just told me.”
Erin’s voice was flat. Igheriz hesitated, but her anger was meaningless here and he knew it. He wagged a finger with his watercloth hand.
“Ah, Miss Human. There are always many stories. How can you trust a [Thief]’s word over mine? Let me just—”
He tried to walk up the steps and Califor blocked his way. So did Velzimri, Somillune, and three other ghosts. Igheriz stopped, unable to push past them. Erin’s eyes flashed.
“I don’t want to talk with you people. If Pisces had died. If…”
She turned away. Igheriz faltered, and Hrome, who’d come up the steps eagerly too, to meet with this girl who might live, also backed up from the powerful ghosts who glared at him.
“I have done little wrong, Miss Solstice! Your friend committed crimes. I am an honest man, and have done everything by the laws of my nation! I was slain by a monster, a nightmare from Rhir! Will you not hear me out?”
Erin was walking away, but she swung around. She looked down at Igheriz.
“How dare you say that?”
The Stitch-man smiled. Unafraid of her wrath.
“You are not needed, [Slave Master]. Nor do you belong here. Begone.”
Califor looked down at him. The [Sage], and Elucina herself descended the steps. The weight of their souls made Igheriz back up. The Rebel of String? She met his gaze.
“Do you know me, little man?”
