8.32
Page 4
Let them waste their spells and magic. Contemptuously, the Deaths held their ground. For another ten seconds the onslaught roared—then abruptly, fell silent.
“A cool head among them.”
Czautha remarked. Silvenia didn’t answer; sweat stood out on her brow from maintaining the spell.
The Death of Chains didn’t waste time. Now that the roaring sound had ended, she drew breath and bellowed.
Across Lailight Scintillation. To the tiny shapes gathered below. Already…she saw what was coming next. Roshal knew her. She had plagued them, given them something to fear. They knew how to drive her off.
Yet for a moment, let them see her hovering there, in the [Slavers]’ vaunted city. Untouched.
“I am the Death of Chains! Look up, you craven holders of chains. Look up, my kin! I will never die. So long as I live, let all those who hold chains tremble! One day, we will cast this place into the sea. We have returned! Cower and fear our return. Believe the lies of the Blighted Kingdom if you wish—we did not cast that spell that tore the world apart! We have never desired this war! Only freedom.”
“Czautha.”
Silvenia warned. The Death of Magic was tiring fast. Czautha knew it wasn’t the time. Nor would it change many minds, but she had to scream it so some might hear. The Blighted Kingdom and that damned [King] could win the war of [Diplomats] and [Envoys]…she simply raised her sword.
A Djinni’s sword. One of the last relics that had been made for them, by their children. The Jinn’s Memory shone.
“Wait for me, my kin!”
That was all she had come here to say. Wait for me. Do not despair. I will set you free.
If only she could have fulfilled it now. Yet here they came. Czautha looked down as Roshal played its card, the only card they had to drive her off.
Djinni.
They flew up from the city, dozens, nearly a hundred. They screamed at her as their masters ordered them to battle, to slay the Death of Chains and Death of Magic. Some shot arrows, with artifacts of their own; others used their spells or conjured mundane lightning, fire, and hurled it upwards.
Silvenia was laughing again. She lowered the void of magic and began blocking spells, even sending a few hurtling back to slow the advance.
“Silvenia!”
Czautha roared in anger. The Death of Magic relented. They began to ascend, but slowly.
The tower spells weren’t firing; the Djinni were in the air, but already they had forced the two Deaths to retreat. Not because they were outclassed. If anything…Silvenia could have killed the lesser Djinni just by keeping that enchantment up. Yet Czautha could never have allowed it.
They could neither slaughter the Djinni, nor stop them from attacking. So the two Deaths flew up. Czautha longed to break their chains. She heard them.
She saw their colorful faces. Some were humanoid, others took forms of monsters and beings they had seen, or dreamed. Art come to life. She saw a creature with eight wings, a slightly-off beak, and exaggerated colors.
A child’s drawing. Then there was a Stitch-Woman, complete in every detail. So did the slaves remember. So they honored mortals, and their story was their form itself. They rose over the winking city, the so-called Market of Fables, like a forest of tents and stalls, wafting rich smells of spice and exotic scents into the sea’s air.
