8.32
Page 1
The Death of Chains led her kin through the air. Azam flew after her, for the first time in his life. In her wake flew no less than three other Djinni, each one broken free of their bonds.
Their masters lay dead. Two besides Azam had come from Roshal’s slavers; the last, and a collection of nearly eight individuals on the two flying vehicles, had come from someone not of Roshal. Someone else who owned slaves; possibly from one of the local kingdoms or an unaffiliated [Merchant].
They had been rescued by the only other person here who could break the magical chains of Djinni, besides Czautha. She flew, laughing as though she never meant to stop.
Azam’s smile, which had grown on his face and never ended, such an unusual beaming smile of joy and salvation, wavered a bit. The mighty Djinni of obsidian skin, Aethertraveller, looked through the sky at his sister, who burned in a rainbow, leaving a trail.
Czautha, who was a sun compared to his candle. Azam would have died a thousand thousand times for her already, and they had known each other bare hours as she took him, smashing caravans and freeing his kin. He had luxuriated in that. In righteous vengeance.
He thought he would never frown again. Never cease smiling.
How soon it faltered. Not because of anything she did. The Death of Chains flew, eyes seeking more targets—but all of Chandrar was locking itself down, those who owned Djinni hiding, Roshal’s people cowering as she passed by.
No, not because of her. It was because of the other, who laughed.
She laughed like…someone who was living. Who was loving every second. The half-Elf was old. Old by even Djinni standards. Her hair was as silver as her name.
Silvenia, the Death of Magic. She had burned even more of the [Slave Masters]’ abodes to the ground. It was she who had helped take the eight mortals, the non-Djinni who flew with her.
Recruits. Unlike Czautha, who could only give the gift of flight to her kin, and would have had to carry mortals, Silvenia had artifacts—or perhaps only enchanted these vehicles. A flying chariot, which spectral pegasi dragged through the air, and a carpet no less than forty feet long and half as wide.
She was laughing. Azam had seen her blasting spells down from overhead. She had gone down, like Czautha, to liberate, find those with the will and abilities to aid their cause, and let the others flee.
Then she had flown up, and pointed down. She left nothing behind. Not mansions. Not buildings. Not people.
Now, she was laughing, high on the joy of battle. Azam would have been fine with all of that. Yet what gave him pause, what made him shudder was this:
She laughed like Emir Riqre.
“Silvenia. Enough laughter. We have lost the element of surprise. They are coming.”
The half-Elf’s glee did not end, but she did stop that mad laugh. Her eyes glowed. She turned her face and the Djinni and rescued [Slaves] beheld her. Her and Czautha both.
They were wounded. Half of Silvenia’s body and entire limbs were burnt away, organs replaced. Animated or replaced by power and spellcraft alone.
Czautha was even more obvious. Her kin, who could see her essence leaking, knew there was no patch one could make so easily via magic. Such wounds! They would have slaughtered Azam six times over.
Yet both ignored the pain. Silvenia grinned.
“Let them. Shall we burn cities affiliated with Roshal to the ground, lovely Czautha? This is what I came for. War. Look how they flee. They forgot, in making nightmares for those they owned, that greater nightmares existed. We have come for them.”
