8.32
Page 18
A [Chef of Five Winds], who had once captured the very fragrance of sweet morning air, the delight of morning dew and infused it into an ephemeral dish for the palettes of his day, clutched at his head at Erin’s words. Sweet plus sweet? He almost went to strangle her before his peers held him down.
“For the love of cuisine, let us have another turn explaining taste to the [Innkeeper]!”
He shouted at one of the [Witches], a tall woman with spectacles who was keeping the line of ghosts waiting to talk to Erin in order. Califor glanced at the [Cooks], and shook her head.
“I have taste! It’s for dessert, not fancy stuff! I’ve made souffles!”
Erin waved a fist at the [Cooks]. She paused, and then a wicked look entered her eye.
“Have I told you about my acid fly cookies? Or when I fried that bee and put honey on top? Now there’s a dish.”
One of the [Chefs], who had cooked many dishes with insects like cicadas, having explored all of wildlife, slapped a hand over her eyes and turned away. Honey makes insects taste good? Insert flies into cookies, and you have a dish?
They didn’t see how the [Innkeeper] was doing it on purpose. Cawe looked up at Erin Solstice and smiled. She liked her already.
“Make way. Make way. We have something the [Innkeeper] needs to know.”
Nerrhavia shoved ghosts aside as she strode up the steps. Califor turned and barred the way.
“What have you brought, Queen Nerrhavia?”
The woman stopped imperiously, and Erin turned. Nerrhavia gave Erin a smile.
“We meet again, Erin Solstice. I hope you have taken my words to heart.”
“Yeah…hi, you.”
Erin Solstice gave Nerrhavia a puzzled look. The woman’s face went slack, and Queen Merindue laughed aloud. Especially because that too was deliberate, as Erin proved by beaming at the [Queen].
“Hey Merindue! What’s up?”
“What have you brought?”
Califor was unmoved. Nerravia gestured to Cawe and the procession.
“News of one of the [Innkeeper]’s companions. These were all in the company of ‘Pisces Jealnet’. They journeyed with him for two weeks and were with him moments before they died. They also witnessed the Death of Chains in person.”
The rulers of Khelt stirred. Some of the ghosts, Califor included, who were recently-deceased, stirred with recognition of that great name. Yet it was Erin who raised her head. She leapt down the stairs.
“Pisces? You know Pisces?”
She looked around, astounded, then seized Cawe’s talons. Erin blinked down at the oddly-segmented joints, and then looked into Cawe’s eyes. The Garuda realized the [Innkeeper] was perceptive. And…she looked worried when she heard Pisces’ name. But relieved to hear of him.
That was how they met, and how Cawe found herself sitting at Khelt’s palace, among the ghosts, telling her story once more. Erin Solstice lay on the intricately-wrought marble, each stone designed to seamlessly fit with the other, carved by a master with little motifs of Khelt’s glories and enchanted not to wear and tear from the sand or feet.
She propped her chin on her hands and rested her elbows on the ground, legs kicking as she lay on her front. Then she sat up, cross legged, eyes wide with shock—then a flashing fury. Thereafter, she clenched her hands together, lacing her fingers between each other and gripping so tight they would have been white or hurt herself if she had possessed a body.
When that was not enough, she jumped to her feet and began to stride around in angry circles, snapping questions, pointing fingers, throwing up her hands and shouting—until she abruptly sat. Then she sat, legs dangling once more, next to Cawe, hand on her back.
