8.32
Page 26
Fetohep of Khelt had died. He came back, naturally, but it was a moment in Chandrar. One of many, overshadowed by the freedom of Drenir the Djinni.
A cause for concern, however.
You could not kill the ruler of Khelt so easily. The Claiven Earth and Medain, and the army of Terandria quavered a bit. What they thought they had slain had only been an image of Fetohep, a disposable body. He had died, at great effort in battle. They had done it.
They’d succeeded in making him mad. So both nations fell back, although Khelt’s army had done likewise in disarray. High King Perric was in frantic discussions with the Claiven Earth, who, for the worse, were now in the same boat with Medain. A boat in which it turned out there wasn’t just one Creler, but an infestation.
However, the eruption of fury was delayed in coming. It had been four days since Fetohep had ‘died’. Four days—they had heard his fury from the palace. Yet something had clearly transpired since then since Khelt had gone unnervingly, disquietingly still.
The Terandrians didn’t care. They were unloading more of their crusade day by day. The strike force that had failed to kill Fetohep regarded ‘defeating’ his army as a victory and the [Bards] were making much of it back on Terandria’s shores.
The rulers of Chandrar, who had a more stable, and also more realistic view of the situation, were less sanguine. In fact, no less than Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen had a cordial chat with the head of the expeditionary force.
“Your Majesty, I am honored by this communication!”
The [Knight-Commander] beamed at her. Queen Yisame paused, her lidded eyes painted heavily lowered. It was one of her aides who spoke as she flicked a fan with a motif of [Knights] fighting Dragons on it in the Terandrian style open.
“Her Majesty, the Exalted Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia’s Fallen deigns to speak with the [Knights] of Terandria on their vaunted quest. She expresses a desire to communicate regarding actions taken against Khelt! She will speak of this.”
The [Knight-Commander] was an eager [Knight] from Samal, not one of the highest-levelled [Knights], but someone appointed in the strategic role. It was a considered choice; she was a bit too eager for the fight and glory; even the loss of the Kingdom of Keys’ champion couldn’t quell her righteous anger.
She was so eager, in fact, that Queen Yisame’s carefully-planned statement, a clear insult to Samal and the Terandrians, went right over her head. Queen Yisame and her courtiers hesitated.
The Samalian [Knight] smiled at Yisame, who had not offered any messages of greeting to Samal itself, or acknowledged the Kingdom of Keys. She had not requested to speak with the [Knight-Commander] about the war. She’d deigned to speak to the [Knights] of Terandria, a deliberate omission of rank, and even insulted their crusade.
Some of the courtiers looked incredulous. Did the [Knight] not see the glaring orange tint of Yisame’s eyeliner? Did she not see the languid pose upon the couch as the intermediary offered insult after insult?
Did she not even see the fan Yisame was covering her face with? Yes, it looked like [Knights] fighting a Dragon like a Terandrian painting—until you realized that it was a scene of [Knights] fleeing a Dragon burning them to ash in a quite cowardly manner.
Nope. The [Knight] just smiled, obliviously honored by the call.
Amazing. Yisame closed the fan after a second. In the face of lead-grade density, she waved the intermediary aside and decided to speak herself.
