8.32
Page 38
“It need not be to form. One may take the best image of her; vanity serves. You see, her ghost remains and it would be a suitable gesture to erect one to maintain favor among the ghosts. A gesture—it would aid us greatly.”
Fetohep had no idea what was passing in the world beyond, but his mind was spinning. The implications of making a statue to Nerrhavia of Nerrhavia’s Fallen aside—and finding an image of her? If the nation ever found out…
“If it need be done, Great Khelta, I shall do it.”
Nevertheless, she had founded Khelt. For her…Fetohep strengthened his resolve. Khelta was pleased.
“Good. Then, by morning would be the best time that she can see it.”
Fetohep’s eye-flames actually went out for a second.
“Morning? As in…next morning?”
“You may spare the gilding. Marble will do.”
She left him standing there. Fetohep actually swayed for a moment.
 
—-
 
The subjects of Khelt had heard the words of war from their great ruler. They had witnessed Fetohep’s rage, and glorious return.
However, they had been curious as to why he did not return to the front, where his armies were skirmishing with the Claiven Earth and Medain, mostly keeping them back in advances that saw a lot of the undead fall, and few of the mortals, yet kept both nations sweating.
Something had clearly transpired, because Fetohep’s towering rage and glorious speech had turned into…well, him pacing about the palace. Rumors came from the servants assigned to day-duty of strange requests.
Plant a thousand Sireen Lilies in the walkways? Erect a statue to Nerrhavia in…? And he was talking to himself, or so the rumors said. Pacing, then issuing those strange orders. He kept bowing to the air.
They feared he was going insane.
 
—-
 
Fetohep feared he was going insane too. He sat on his throne by midnight, after returning to life in Khelt. He felt the most…exhausted he ever had. Fighting with Medain and the Claiven Earth? He could have fought a thousand battles rather than this.
He actually flinched when the next voice assailed him. All eighteen rulers had spoken to him, each one with a suggestion or plan of action. Some wanted aspects restored, or Fetohep to make a gesture to a friend of theirs. He had been forced to explain that he did not have images of half the individuals named—didn’t even know who they were.
Who would be next? Queen Zushe-Greso, wanting to know how many of her beloved lynxes remained in the palace, fed and watered to grow fat and multiply without care?
King His-Xe, with observations on the feng shui of Khelt’s city and how a few buildings could be rearranged to make it flow better?
The voice which came next, though, did not have the regal overtones of past rulers. It was more mundane, brighter, a faster tone that occasionally stumbled or rambled, but was more than anything, friendly.
“Hey, um…hi. Is this thing on? I mean, I didn’t hit a switch, but can you hear me?”
Fetohep sat up slightly.
“Who is…this?”
The voice laughed.
“Great! It works! Hey, Khelta, it works! Whoops, sorry for shouting. I’m Erin! Erin Solstice. You’re Fetohep, right?”
“I am his Majesty Fetohep of Khelt. I greet you, Erin Solstice, guest and friend to the great line of Khelt.”
“Nice to meet you!”
Fetohep sat on his throne. This was the oddest conversation so far. He spoke, resting back on the enchanted throne.
“How may I aid you, Erin Solstice? If it is in regards to your resurrection—I have already attempted to make plans. If you need send word, or send aid to anyone, any task within Khelt’s power, I shall make it so.”
