8.32
Page 11
“That is good, Queen Merindue. I thank you for your efforts and Donbaaar for bringing you so quickly. Yet we have a number of ghosts who were slain by the Death of Chains. Are you referring to that?”
Queen Merindue hesitated. Her face soured and turned a bit annoyed.
“…Yes. Perhaps they have a unique perspective?”
“I will call for someone to check.”
Berythe walked off. Merindue hesitated. She stomped one foot, looking annoyed she wasn’t the first one back with important ghosts. Then her scowl deepened into a flash of murderous rage, the only expression of strong emotion Cawe had seen in her brief time dead.
Which was…how long? She didn’t know. The journey here could have taken minutes, or…years. Time had lost its meaning, but the more powerful ghosts seemed to be in a hurry.
Even so, Merindue’s look of pure animosity was such that other ghosts turned to stare. She did not shy away from the emotion; she seemed even happier, in truth, despite her anger. For to rage was to live.
A woman came swaying through the crowd, tall, perfect, a Human, but as amazingly graceful as Merindue’s enhanced fabric. Her eyes were dark whorls of color, and seemed to draw Cawe in.
She made Cawe feel even more alive than the Devourer of Devourers. She was thus important. Her skin was what poets would call ‘alabaster’ or something; Cawe thought it was a lack of sunlight, especially in Chandrar. Yet she had faint tattoos of magic running up and down her arms.
What was most noticeable about her, as they drew closer, was that she was a Stitch-woman. No…parts of her were a Stitch-woman. Somehow, despite being Human, her right arm was sewn on.
It looked unnatural. Like it too was only half-there. It was only the memory of flesh, but Cawe realized the memory was of some kind of ethereal arm. As if it had been a ghost’s in life. The unknown ruler–and she was surely a ruler—also had bare feet, no sandals, and they tapped the ground lightly. A cloth Cawe had never seen, that had lost its power here. She felt they should have left behind traces of another dimension, like footprints upon which ever land she trode.
The two women stopped. Merindue stared at the most powerful ghost yet.
“I hear these might be important? Ah, but if it is only the Death of Chains, then I fear all time is wasted, but I do this in courtesy to you, my descendant. Queen Merindue.”
The woman gave Merindue an arch smile. To that, the second ruler of Nerrhavia’s Fallen, great Queen Merindue, spat only one word.
“Nerrhavia.”
Cawe waited for something else. Then her eyes went round. Nerrhavia as in…? Then they turned their attention to her.
“So, answer quickly now, who witnessed what? Important events only. I do not care for the pettiness of your life or death. Important events. Important people. That means over Level 40. If you have a secret, it had better be worth a hundred thousand gold pieces.”
Nerrhavia snapped at Igheriz, Cawe, and the other ghosts. Their mouths shut. Hrome stuttered.
“We—we have seen the Death of Chains, your Majesty.”
“Anyone else?”
“We knew an Emir Riqre—”
Nerrhavia raised her brow at Merindue. She was acting like the others, Cawe realized. Gathering information. Nerrhavia, the legend behind…acting as a gate guard?
That was just the world they had ended up in. Merindue looked past Nerrhavia as the first ruler smirked.
“A poor haul. Not even the fastest to arrive, Merindue.”
“I moved as fast as I could. I shall return with Donbaaar to searching, then.”
Merindue turned on her heel, embarrassed, flushing, almost forgetting about Cawe. Nerrhavia rolled her eyes.
