8.32
Page 35
“Not life. Merely possess statues, and speak to all and sundry. It would have taken a different expert than I, though. Or multiple ones. I thought an [Archmage], an [Architect], and a [Necromancer] all over Level 50 could do it—or two over Level 70.”
“The trouble is getting all of them in the same place. I never managed more than one. Even with great riches offered, they died too quickly or were embroiled in great wars or passions of their own.”
King Serept grumbled, the huge half-Giant folding his arms. The other rulers nodded and muttered—but some of the later ones, like Xierca, gave Erin a look that said quite clearly they hadn’t ever thought to grab multiple Level 50+ individuals.
Erin herself thought it was a reminder of what had changed. Khelta waved a hand.
“I have already communicated the desire for the project to be completed if possible to King Fetohep. Along with other needs. We shall all have more.”
“You mean you’re telling him what you need done?”
“Of course. We are, naturally, taking turns.”
Even as Khelta spoke, she pointed. Xierca walked back up to the castle, replacing Queen Emrist as she followed the one visible being to the Rulers of Khelt—and now Erin, so long as she stood in their company.
Fetohep. He was like…a ghost to the ghosts. A reflection of the living world, and they could hear him from afar, see what he did. No one else. One ruler walked with him at all times, or they all gathered if he did something they deemed interesting.
Counselors of the past. Giving voice to great need. In another way…Erin’s lips twitched.
“So you’re giving him a shopping list? A shopping list from beyond the grave? Oooh.”
She waved her hands. The rulers of Khelt gave her flat looks. Until Khelta began laughing. She put one hand on Erin’s shoulder.
“I quite like you, child! I never thought of it so. But yes. That is quite amusing. Frivolities aside, however…we must think how best to use our position. We have the knowledge of old.”
She waved a hand at the ghosts congregating below the palace. Khelta sighed.
“…Pressing few ways to use it. Every [Sage] has an idea how you can be cured, or their recipe for a Potion of Anti-Aging, but with their Skills or specific ingredients and tools. Would that Fetohep were any class but a [Warrior] in life. Between you and I, he is a bit…”
She hesitated. Then patted Erin on the shoulder.
“Well, he seems capable enough. Khelt is not in ruins. I regret that we let our tongues slip so when we thought he could not hear.”
Erin glanced at the ruler who walked the palace. She had never met Fetohep, but when she had first seen him, striding from his throne room, speaking to the crowd—for all it was a 4/10 speech—he had seemed bold, confident. Now? His shoulders hunched a bit and he hurried about as Queen Xierca spoke in his ears. Erin murmured.
“Poor Fetohep.”
His glorious predecessors and forebearers had come calling. Those he respected and veneterated. The problem was?
They found him a bit wanting.
 
—-
 
The dead spoke to him. The rulers of old walked with Fetohep of Khelt, and he heard his beloved Queen Xierca’s words once more.
He rejoiced. Truly, he did. He was no longer alone. It was a blessing, a sign of great joy, and he rejoiced.
…Really. He did. It was just…well. When you heard of means to connect ghosts to the living world, via some [Oracle] or seer, it was always through them. Always more vague, indistinct words. Annoying, of course, if you really wanted specifics, but the dead usually had a hard time talking to the living.
