8.32
Page 5
And below it all, the stench of sweat and fear and misery. Deeper, Czautha knew, behind the pretty colors of Lailight Scintillation, the dark cellars. The hidden chambers. The suffering. The lost. She hoped her voice had reached even them, down in the cracks of the world. She heard the voices, echoing, deep, braying, animalistic…voices no mortals could make as a species, yet her people.
In the sky above the port the Djinni shouted at Czauta, even as they attacked, but not warcries.
“Sister! Sister, you live!”
“Flee, Sister! My master will destroy us both! Cinaelu! You are late!”
“Let all those who hold chains tremble! Go!”
She saw one shoot up and cried out. The two Deaths accelerated, but the Djinni was fast. He rose like a glowing star, smiling at her. She raised her sword.
“Brother! Show me your bonds!”
Where were they? Earrings, cuffs on the wrists, the feet? At last, she saw the glowing metal in his skin; rods embedded in his being.
“I will wound you, brother, to free you! Stay back if you can!”
“I cannot. Sister—stand clear.”
He shouted back. The Djinni was fast, but not mighty. He held a bow and loosed arrows; they barely touched Czautha, despite the enchanted arrowheads detonating. Yet he was closing. What nature was he? Perhaps speed itself.
“They are trying to stop us from going! I cannot teleport him away—let me—”
Silvenia was aiming a finger at the Djinni. She intended to blast him into oblivion. Czautha knocked her aside and dove. She heard Silvenia’s voice, alarmed for the first time.
“Czautha. Stop!”
Her brother shouted a warning of his own. Yet the Death of Chains reached for him as the other Djinni halted their advance. They saw her blur as she dove.
The lesser Djinni drew a shortsword and stabbed her. Eight times, as they tangled; Czautha felt the pain and ignored it. She was tearing at him, holding him still as she tore loose the magical bindings.
Four of them. She plucked one, two, three…in barest seconds, ripping his own essence apart to get at it. Still…too slow. The Djinni whispered, in that time out of time. He was speed incarnate. That was his nature. Speed and starlight.
“Too late. I am free one way or another. Sister—”
“No.”
She reached for the last binding, but they both sensed the change. With all his will, he defied the last command and, laughing, hurled her up. Czautha flew, crying out, and looked down. She saw him lift a hand and—
The Djinni exploded as his master detonated the magical relics embedded in him, to command their servant. The Djinni’s essence joined the explosion. The pursuers below halted, knocked down by the blast.
The two Deaths flew upwards. Czautha was partially caught and screamed as her essence was vaporized—but not from the pain. She emerged, and saw the magic had twisted a hole into the water below. The seabed stared up at the sky for nearly a minute before the distortion in the world began to subside.
“I will never forget this.”
She swore it. Again—her kin were coming up, to destroy her even if it meant their loss too. It was what they did, these captors. The Death of Chains pointed down.
“Wait for me.”
Her kin laughed and cheered her as she fled. But she did flee. Magic pursued them, but the two Deaths blocked and evaded the rest, heading north to meet the others they’d saved.
“I have just enough to teleport us back. I need…a ride.”
Silvenia was spent. She let Czautha carry her. The Death of Chains flew grimly, carrying her comrade.
“Was it worth it?”
