8.32
Page 33
“Clearly, but there was no subtlety in it. A Jaw of Zeikhal? If you are going to bring one, why not three? Why not eight? That was not an ‘expendable’ asset either. He wasted it.”
A chorus of other voices murmured. Fetohep let go of Xierca’s hand, but they continued, and worse, they were growing clearer. Someone else spoke, with a bit of a lisp.
“Such a short proclamation, with little arte to dictation or cadence. He could have spoken for at least ten minutes. If one hath not the gift of gab, perchance it was for the best. Were he able to hear us, I would have given him far better words to inspire.”
Fetohep hesitated. His jaw opened and closed. The rulers were…chatting. Seemingly unaware he was now able to hear them. A third voice rumbled; it could only be Serept, the half-Giant from the broadness of the tone no smaller being could match.
“He also perished. No ruler of Khelt has ever fallen in battle.”
“Ooh. Was that me? I think I distracted him.”
And who was that? It was a young woman, her tones more animated, less refined than the talk of the others. A voice ringing with authority in Fetohep’s very bones answered him.
“One does not make excuses for a warrior’s failure, Erin Solstice. Fetohep of Khelt is young, and perhaps, foolish. He serves, even if he chose the worst of all times to leave Khelt.”
Fetohep’s jaw opened and closed. The voices broke off in murmurs of assent, or speculation. After a second, the young woman’s voice spoke up.
“It’s weird we can see him. I guess that’s because he’s the ruler and you’re all tied to this spot. Why’s he just standing there?”
“Contemplative. He is in our hall of statues. He may believe we can communicate with him better. Not a poor impulse. Perhaps he is uncertain of our message.”
“…Yeah. Yeah, I don’t think we got through, especially when I told him to wave if he heard. Um. Guys?”
“Yes, Erin Solstice? Have patience, we shall communicate our desires, unless Fetohep is so foolish as to crusade out once more. It may come to that. You chose an impetuous successor, Xierca.”
“My apologies, Great Khelta.”
“Right. Right, guys. Um…he’s sort of standing there. Look, he just lifted a hand. Do you think…he can hear us now?”
Abruptly, the eighteen voices—nineteen—fell silent. Fetohep swore he heard a cough in the silence of his own mind.
“…Faithful Fetohep of Khelt. If you can hear our will at last, signal so. Walk…yes, walk before I, King Tkayl, and kneel.”
A new voice boomed at last. There were murmurs of agreement, quickly shushed.
Fetohep moved. He walked over and slowly knelt before Tkayl. Someone gasped.
“At last!”
“Know our will. There is much you must know—”
Then that last voice. Erin Solstice, it had to be.
“Uh. How much do you think he heard before that? You were being pretty mean. Do you think he heard the thing you said about the bandages?”
Fetohep heard silence in his mind. After a moment, Queen Khelta smoothly spoke.
“A great time of calamity is upon us, Erin Solstice. Now is not the time for frivolity of speech.”
“…Sure. Suuuure.”
 
—-
 
The connection had been established. The dead spoke to the living. Well, the slightly-less-dead, at any rate.
It was the power of legacy. The power of Khelt, which turned out to have been one of the wisest decisions ever made in the metaspace of nations and empire.
There had been hiccups. The chosen agent of the eighteen rulers of Khelt, Fetohep, had been absent. Now, though, he had returned, and the ghosts rejoiced. Their otherworldly wisdom and great need could be communicated!
