8.32
Page 50
Oh yes. Fetohep remembered. The reason no one awoke the [Vizir] who had served the Second Queen of Khelt was—
Stone wrapped around him so fast even Fetohep’s reflexes couldn’t dodge it. The floor rippled and he was lifted upwards. The [Vizir] pointed a finger at Fetohep.
“So you are the ruler of Khelt? Pathetic. Did you awaken the [Vizir] to replace you? Khelt would be better served by I, I who remembered Khelta herself. How long has Hecrelunn slumbered?”
“Release me, Vizir Hecrelunn.”
Fetohep did not deign to struggle. The [Vizir] was a powerful [Geomancer] as well as being the second to Queen Herist.
He also spoke in third person. Fetohep hadn’t been sure if the accounts were true about that. It seemed they were. He wondered if it was a head wound.
Hecrelunn sneered down at Fetohep. His eyes flicked over Fetohep, perhaps reading his class, then around.
“I do not see the threats for which I allowed myself to be entombed. No monsters cross Khelt’s borders. It has…grown…since I last woke.”
That would be nearly seven rulers prior, Fetohep remembered. He spoke, his voice icy.
“I said, release me, Vizir. I rule Khelt. You are sworn to obey our will.”
The [Vizir] studied him—then waved a hand. Fetohep was lowered to the floor.
“My class is ambition and power. I am greater than you, little ruler. Fetohep of Khelt? Did you think to test your worth against me as that last fool did? If so, I will steal this kingdom away and rule it properly.”
Fetohep was getting annoyed already. The [Vizir] floated down, and the king wondered if he should have brought his halberd.
“I summoned you for war, Vizir Hecrelunn. Khelt’s enemies have not reached the borders. Nor shall they. Terandria sends great armies against Khelt, and I require your battle in the north.”
“Merely war? We are the last guardians of Khelt! You would unleash us for a petty war?”
Vizir Hecrelunn’s rage actually manifested in lesser spells which shot across the air, arcs of death magic. Had he even cast spells or…? He pointed at Fetohep.
“You forget yourself, petty king. We are not yours to command.”
“No. Serept asked us to stay and watch. Not to fight every war. If it was for that alone, it was ill done. Ill-conceived. Yet we will listen first.”
Fetohep and Hecrelunn’s heads turned. Then tilted up. Fetohep nodded slowly.
“I shall explain all soon, great warrior.”
“We shall listen.”
A half-Giant rose to his feet. Thirty feet tall, as tall as Zamea. He leaned on his axe as glowing armor shone over naught but bone. He was all ivory, as were the warriors who rose with him.
Twenty half-Giants. No…Fetohep felt a thrill in his own soul. Twenty half-Giant Revenants.
Half-Giants with levels. Serept’s bodyguard, armed with enchanted weapons. Not the mindless bones of half-Giants; these showed how their bones had been carefully cleaned and polished, their weapons enchanted.
Their glowing eyes stared down at Hecrelunn in disapproval. The [Vizir] floated up, sneering.
“So half-Giants are called forth. When did Khelt become ruled by their kind? You, little king, you think the Vizir needs assistance? If you call him forth for a foe, the Vizir alone is needed.”
“Vizir Hecrelunn. Your arrogance is just as poignant as the histories relate. I shall explain what is needed.”
“You had better do it quick. I too cannot be roused for anything but great need. His-xe is dead. How many years? I am beginning to rage, and there are no foes here.”
