8.32
Page 13
So it moved forwards, rather than skirt the coast as it had been, moving across dark seas. Towards Avel, fearing not the same cliffs and beachheads that had turned into deadly chokepoints for any attacking army in wars prior.
Whether or not it would spare them, it had not decided yet. Something smiled, yet it had no face. It had no…discernible features, yet it smiled as it moved towards the pleading ghosts.
It did have a head, though. So that was where the glowing arrow hit it.
Thonk.
The ___ of lost things staggered. It looked up, and the ghosts cheered. They swept back from the cliffs, and it beheld a single figure on the cliffs.
The First King of Avel raised the bow of his kingdom, the relic that had remained from generation to generation, and took aim. A second arrow struck the thing in the chest. Then a third streaked past it as the thing turned and fled.
“That’s right, flee, thou craven parasite!”
The ghosts stopped pretending to plea for mercy and began laughing, applauding the archer and each other and celebrating. The ___ fled, feeling the pain of each strike.
Not a mortal wound, as most would have taken from the arrows, but still a damage in kind. It looked back as it moved out of arrow range. The archer raised the bow over his head, a gesture of defiance.
A weapon in the lands of the dead? Yes.
Just one. It could not be brought with the dead, for they owned nothing, not even Skills or levels anymore, for all it informed the strength of their souls. Yet that?
The First King of Avel held the same bow that shone in reality. So long as the living kept it, kept their own kind of faith, it endured here. That was how, from Silvaria’s shores to Cenidau to the north, the six had been kept at bay.
By Dragonfire, the wrath of Giants, and the relics of humanity. In Baleros, the Dragons turned back the six with even greater success. The lost thing moved away, out of range of those dangerous shores.
It was not annoyed, if such emotions even applied. How vexing. But it was a calm vexation, unlike the other five’s, some of whom were prone to greater rage. The ___ of lost things continued its journey.
For now, Terandria remained safe. The Bow of Avel glowed, one of the last beacons of hope.
 
—-
 
“There it is again. Do you see it?”
The King of Avel—the current one, living, healthy, thank you—held up the bow. His retainers winced.
“Your Majesty, please stop holding it so carelessly.”
The [King] waved the bow around.
“Why? It is the relic of Avel. It won’t break even if I do this—”
He thwacked the bow against the armrest of his throne in a way that no bow should ever be treated. The [Chamberlain] threw her hands over her eyes in horror.
“Your Majesty! Please, desist! That should be in the treasury, under guard! If a [Thief] were to steal it—”
“Bows are meant to be used. I can use the Relic Skills and the enchantments. Didn’t you see how I winged that Griffin last week?”
Happily, the [King] held the bow up to admire. Then he frowned.
“I don’t know why it keeps glowing of late. Someone find the records. There has to be a reason. See? It’s doing it again. Maybe it’s a sign.”
“That the power wanes?”
The court murmured. The [King] thought, pondering long on his throne.
“…That I’m not using it enough. I shall ride to the royal archery range!”
 
—-
 
The living’s concerns and actions did not affect the memory of the bow in the lands of the dead—except if something damaged or exhausted its power.
