8.32
Page 25
Erin stared down at her hands. Then it burst out at last. Something coming behind the laughter, and trying to learn from the legends of old. It bubbled over, with Cawe.
“I…I’m tired of being dead. I’m sorry, everyone. I don’t mean to offend you. I have to get back. I want to live. I want…to live.”
It came out of her as a sob. Her hazel eyes welled up, and the world blurred, but all she wept were the memories of tears. They still rolled down her face, fat, vanishing before they even dripped off her chin. Erin cried.
“I want to live again.”
Her hands became weak. The ghosts reached for her. Gerial touched Erin’s shoulder, then tried to embrace her. But there was nothing of him to hold her, and that was unbearable so he let go for both their sakes. There was no touch, no comfort.
The [Witches] watched as Elucina and some others came over, to place hands on Erin, whisper to her. It had been coming. The young woman had realized she was dead. Now? She longed to live.
“It is my fault, [Witches]. I apologize.”
Califor lowered the brim of her hat as the other [Witches] stood together. The Coven shook their heads as one. Vexcla replied.
“The longer she stays, the worse it will be. If she breaks against her desires…we will do our utmost to prevent that. Let her weep, Witch Califor. The living should desire to live.”
They looked at the young woman, trying not to cry out to the audience of the dead because it was selfish what she wanted. Something that all of them would have given anything for, and yet could never have again.
Yet it did not stop Erin from wanting it herself. She cried, and they stirred. Cawe felt her own death, and nearly gave voice to the pain. Califor’s lips moved.
My daughter.
It was happening again. The ghosts nearly gave voice to their regrets, drawn around Erin’s suffering like leaves around a whirlpool. They fought to avoid that, pulling back from her.
Into the silence, someone walked forwards. She could not comfort Erin with her hand, but she rested it there anyways. She bent down, to the weeping girl, and whispered.
“It is not easy, Erin Solstice. Do not let grief consume you, however. Have faith.”
The [Witches] stirred. Erin Solstice looked up. The smiling woman clarified.
“Not in other things. Nor even in me. Yet have faith that you will live. If it is possible in this world…believe it will be so. Wait a little longer. And have faith in him.”
“Who? Pawn? He’s not…”
The [Innkeeper] was mystified. Queen Xierca’s brow wrinkled.
“I do not know who that is. No, have faith in here. You stand in Khelt. And we?”
She stepped back, and the eighteen rulers of Khelt descended to gather around her. From Khelta to Xierca. They pointed at the statue standing below, in the courtyard. Xierca smiled at last.
“We have spoken to our heir. Our descendant. The will of Khelt, made manifest. He hears us. Have faith in not levels, or dark strangers, or anything else, Erin Solstice. Have faith in Khelt. You need naught else in life.”
She threw her head back, and looked down at the ghosts gathered below. [Archmages] and [Heroes], [Queens] and [Rebels].
“That arrogant sack of hemp.”
Nerrhavia muttered. Queen Merindue nodded fervently behind her. Yet it was true. The gods were dead and that was a problem. If you had to have faith…well.
Have faith in Fetohep.
Erin decided she could give it a try. He seemed like a nice guy. She saw Khelta offer her hand.
“Come. You will share our company a while.”
So the [Innkeeper] took it, and they walked into the palace. To have a word with another dead man.
 
—-
 
