8.32
Page 43
The baby had stopped crying at once as Fetohep lifted it in his arms. Of course, it was true the infant stopped crying, but mainly because its face clearly expressed, without words, ‘I am in fear of my mortal existence from this undead monster, someone please help me.’
The end result was the end result. Fetohep could hear Erin Solstice laughing. He gave the baby back to the father. The baby instantly began wailing once more, twice as loud. Fetohep turned, and spread his arms to the palace.
“So what will you, my ancestors of old? Command me! In this war, what shall I use? A hundredth of Khelt’s might? A thousandth? If I stumble, it is only because I did not line the cracks I trod on with diamonds and gold.”
He looked back, and the rulers of Khelt nodded to him. Erin’s smile lit up her face. This was Fetohep. She believed. And so, Khelta stepped forwards. She pointed at Fetohep, though he could not see her.
“Fetohep of Khelt. I speak for all the rulers of Khelt. In the name of our kingdom, do not hoard your strength. Show us your might. Show us your daring! Delve into our hoarded treasures. By my name of Khelta, I order you. Unleash it all. Hold nothing back, or Khelt ends with thee.”
Fetohep knelt gracefully. He lifted his head, as his eyes flashed and the sun warmed his back. At last, he had the true will of Khelt. From the source. His eyes flashed.
He smiled, and nations began to tremble.
 
—-
 
An hour later, Fetohep reclined on his throne. He did not race off on a chariot, at the head of a new army. Rather, he sat there.
He was a [Warrior]. But he was also a king.
“It is for men like that child, Flos Reimarch, to think leading a kingdom ends and begins with the sword at the head of an army. I am at war. So, then. Let me show you how a true King fights his wars.”
He paused. Hummed to himself.
“Five out of ten.”
He was working on his speeches. He made a note. He liked ‘so, then’, but he wasn’t sure about the comparative with the King of Destruction. It felt like a crutch he’d fallen on too many times. Of course, personal dialogue with Jecaina, Trey and Teres was one thing, but was a truly impressive speech not timeless?
He’d work on that. Fetohep returned his attention to his tasks at hand. He studied the last crystal his sweating [Mages] proffered to him.
A thousand mana crystals, all perfectly shaped to the exact same dimensions lay in front of him. Perfect orbs. He nodded.
“Take them to the ritual site. I shall proceed there within minutes and begin the rites.”
Three thousand mana crystals were carried from his throne room. A fortune in power. Fetohep just smiled at the terrified, wide-eyed looks from his servants. They knew what he intended.
“Have any responded to my words yet?”
“Two, your Majesty. Assent.”
“Good. Prepare to receive them. Make ready a guest wing for each. As for my proclamation, have it sent across Khelt.”
The [Servant] bowed her head, and stood, quill at the ready. Fetohep lifted a hand. His eyes flashed.
This was what raced across Khelt, to the most distant parts of it in the following day. King Fetohep addressed his subjects:
 
“My people, we are at war with the Claiven Earth and Medain. Terandria itself thinks to wipe Khelt from this land. I…fear them not. They shall be wiped from Chandrar’s sands. Yet I offer this chance to you.
If you dream of battle, if you would risk your lives in war, come to my palace. Come to the capital, and be tested.
