8.32
Page 46
“Yet you are a Named Adventurer. A Named Adventurer, one of the greatest sources of pride Nerrhavia’s Fallen is able to claim. Children should aspire to be you. Yet they do not throw holidays in your honor. I have not heard your name called with pride from Nerrhavia Fallen’s subjects, only those of your caste.”
Alked did not reply. He remained motionless, wondering why this undead ruler was bringing up the very things that Alked hated in private. He shouldn’t have been surprised by what came next. Even so, he was.
“Alked Fellbow. Were you a citizen of Khelt, I would honor you properly with holiday and song. I would grant you and your family the citizenship of Khelt in perpetuity. A right that extends to your kin and cousins—those without a great sin to their names. Their families as well. To you, I would grant the right to settle in any part of Khelt you chose, and my subjects would surely seek your hand, of one so beloved.”
Alked Fellbow’s head rose slowly. He blinked, uncomprehending, then his eyes widened.
“You…wish to offer me citizenship, your Majesty?”
“I desire great men and women, Alked Fellbow. You know I am at war?”
All of Chandrar knew that. Alked nodded. It made sense. He didn’t know why Fetohep of Khelt wanted a living warrior, but a Named Adventurer was recruited for this kind of thing all the time.
“I…do not involve myself directly in many wars. I have served Nerrhavia’s Fallen, your Majesty, but I would prefer not to die in battle, even to win an honor such as this.”
Even so, it was a handsome offer. Citizenship…Alked now knew why he was here and was flattered. However—
Fetohep just smiled.
“I am not finished, Alked Fellbow. Firstly, it is not for this war alone I wish your service. It is for the future. You are one of the greatest warriors on the continent. Moreso, I know you to be a man of honor. That I desire more than your levels alone.”
“You…flatter me, your Majesty.”
No one had told him that in Nerrhavia’s courts, yet Alked held his ground. He knew this song and dance. It was a contract—even with these stakes and this setting. Fetohep would flatter him, they might go back and forth, and Alked should wait out the week, seek the best deal before agreeing. If he even did! Fighting a war for citizenship…
“I do not intend you to actually fight in this war. Rather, you shall accompany me when I depart Khelt. There will be wars in the future, Alked Fellbow, but I would not offer mere citizenship to a Named Adventurer.”
Alked’s head snapped up.
“What?”
He was getting a bit dizzy. Now he was sure that Fetohep of Khelt was messing with him. He didn’t want Alked to fight in a war?
Fetohep’s eyes were shining bright in the dim throne room. He stood, slowly, and descended the dais. Then he plucked something from a pillow that sat there. Alked hadn’t even noticed it, as fast as the conversation was going.
“Alked Fellbow. You are the first of those I ask to join my kingdom. Join it, grow old and bear children who will live in peace forever. Find love. And yes, fight for me. Then rest in your later years. I know your courage. I know your worth. I shall not ignore you, nor make light of who you are, or judge you by cloth and weave.”
The undead king held out what he held. Alked’s eyes opened wide, and he stumbled back from the object Fetohep held out.
The Ruler of Khelt was laughing silently. He reached out, and offered it to Alked.
