8.32
Page 10
“Things matter more if you stand next to me, Cawe. I will grant you permission to join my retinue. Or, if you wish, you may stand and lose all that you are. There are no more rules.”
She waited. Cawe’s beak opened.
“I…I would like to feel. Thank you.”
“Good. Either way, we must learn what you know. We have need of such knowledge. I will explain all soon—or a [Sage] will. They keep explaining to all the ghosts.”
There weren’t many as Donbaaar strode along. Cawe thought there should be many more. Everyone who had ever died was here, weren’t they? Merindue smiled.
“Ah, you are thinking again! Your levels may not be high, but your soul is strong. Good, Cawe. Yes! Ask more questions. Yes, there were ghosts all over Chandrar. No longer.”
Cawe hesitated. She felt uneasy for a second.
“Did…something happen to them?”
Merindue’s smile flickered. She glanced ahead.
“Not yet. Not ever by the will of Nerrhavia’s Fallen and…Khelt. Rather, we have gathered them. Every dead soul, and we search for new ones. See?”
She pointed, and Cawe saw it.
Like a beacon in Chandrar. Life, infusing her. She felt her body come alive, or as close as it would get.
Cawe looked down. Now, she saw dirty grey-green feathers. She felt her cracked beak and short tongue move. She even felt, for a second, the cut at her neck. She felt sad. Angry. She was glad Pisces hadn’t died. What had happened to him? Had that bastard Hrome…?
The other ghosts started. They looked up and saw the gathering of the dead. And the countless ghosts as powerful as Merindue or more.
Even the [Queen] came further back to life. She stretched, strutted with poise, chin held at an angle, whirling with decisive, distinctive footwork, remembering how she had walked in life. Only Donbaaar was unaffected; his was a soul that needed no reminders.
“Behold, the last gathering of Chandrar’s dead!”
Merindue shouted. Many ghosts floated up to meet them, calling out, asking questions. Merindue pointed.
“We have recent dead! Laudas! This week! Find me a [Sage]! Er…please.”
She was a lesser ghost among some that were hard at work, and it displeased Merindue. Cawe just stared in awe.
There stood every Named Adventurer and famous person who had ever died on Chandrar. No less than the story of stories, Devourer of Devourers greeted Donbaaar. The Named Adventurer who had slain more Jaws of Zeikhal than any other being in the world…was checking ghosts as they lined up.
“Please go to another line if there is space. Give me your name, when you died, and any events of note. If you were of a level above 30, please proceed to the following lines…”
The Named Adventurer was striding along the lines of ghosts who turned to stare at him, pointing out the lines where august figures and famous heroes of legend stood…taking names and information.
“What is this?”
Hrome was confused. So were the others, even frightened. What power could make so many ghosts work like this? Merindue answered as the Devourer of Devourers crouched to listen to a girl speak shyly into his ear.
“We are processing ghosts. This is an efficient system a [Sage] designed. We can write nothing down except if something is made, and that girl’s materials fade quickly…only the high-level of us can remember and act. You will be processed. But I will be with you, Cawe. You can join me in the hunt as you give your testimony.”
The Garuda nodded, confused, but she was led to the first line. The Devourer of Devourers, Berythe, walked over.
“Merindue.”
“This one has knowledge. They all do. Will you ask them?”
He nodded.
