8.33 R
Page 16
Ryoka Griffin’s mysterious nemesis made more sense, in that light. Of course, this was breaking information. Rumors had only begun to spread that the Wind Runner had been struck by mysterious lightning. Tyrion Veltras had outridden rumor itself—and Pellmia had kept the news under wraps fairly well—so her unexpected cure thanks to the power of [Sorcerers] had caught even her adversaries and friends off-guard.
Lyonette, for instance, would not learn about Ryoka’s plight until tomorrow, by which point she would already be far delayed from what was actually happening.
So perhaps that was why it was so ironic that when Jericha came striding over to Ryoka with a speaking stone, the first thing Eldavin said to her was about that.
“Ryoka, I have just been informed you are under attack by some kind of spell? Why did you not inform me at once, child?”
“T—Eldavin?”
Ryoka’s eyes widened. She had known who it was the instant Jericha mentioned an encrypted spell, but she’d completely forgotten he was in Wistram!
“Are you returning? Where are you? I’m—”
“Yes, yes, still at Wistram. When did we last speak? Nevermind that. Someone’s been attacking you with magic? Outrageous. It’s not anyone in the academy; I would know. Listen, I’m tied up, but one of my faction is headed your way as we speak. Archmage Valeterisa. She says she knows you. We’ll have you cured and on your feet. Then we’ll discuss further plans for keeping you safe.”
“Um. Eldavin. I’m actually—”
“It’s not easy wrangling these eels at Wistram, but I am managing it. Fascinating how Wistram has gone to seed. There’s more of your kind here. I fully intend to whip the Academy back into shape, and I have been thinking it may be wise for you to visit if you’re being targeted by assailants. Is it that pest with the dark eyes? I’ll ask Valeterisa to analyze the spell—”
“Eldavin. Eldavin.”
The nattering voice cut off. Ryoka stared at the stone. She had never known the Dragon to be this talkative, but it seemed this vacation had really done him good.
“Yes, my dear?”
“I uh—I’m better now. A [Sorcerer] from First Landing cured me.”
“…What?”
“A [Sorcerer]. Cured. Me. He blasted the spell right out of my veins. I’m still under some kind of attack, but…”
“You let yourself be treated by a [Sorcerer]? Why don’t you just snort mana dust or bathe in mana potions while you’re at it? One of those rag-tag…well, I suppose their solutions work, but dead gods, my dear! Tree rot and beetle eggs! You didn’t think to go to me, but one of them? I could have—”
Again, the Courier blinked at the stone. Wow, Eldavin really was getting into character. His outraged spluttering was familiar, though.
“Sorry, Eldavin. I know how you…don’t like to involve yourself with mundane affairs.”
He harumphed loudly in her ear. Then his voice became more circumspect.
“Ah. About that, Ryoka. I…I suppose I owe you an apology. You were right. So was that girl.”
“Girl?”
“Reinhart, I mean. She’s pestered me for decades and I…well, you were right. It is hard for someone like me to admit, at my age, but this vacation cleared my mind. I’m thinking clearly for once, and you’re right. That pest, this entire situation in the world and Wistram…it’s time to shake things up. Fix everything I’ve let slide. No more. I’ve started a faction at Wistram. Terras, and I’ve let it be known you’re under my protection. Speak my name anywhere Wistram has power and I’ll make sure they give you aid.”
“Wh—really? That’s…”
Ryoka actually had to slap the side of her head. That was not what she had expected Teriarch to say. Not in a million years.
