8.33 R
Page 5
Lady Desinee El looked astonished to be addressed so casually. Charlay had no idea who she was, and after a moment, the [Lady] whispered back.
“I believe that is Sir Leireit, an accomplished spellcaster from First Landing.”
Charlay wrinkled her face up. She tossed her head.
“Can he help? Laken made it sound like all the [Healers] and [Mages] are at a loss. [Alchemists] too.”
“They are, but perhaps Sir Leireit may offer a different perspective. Erm…who are you, might I ask?”
“Oh, Charlay. Nice to meet you!”
Lady Desinee stared at the proffered hand, again, not something that happened to [Ladies] of her station. She took it gingerly. Buscrei chortled.
“I like you. I’m Buscrei. That’s Swey.”
None of them mentioned their classes, so it was only when Charlay had dragged them all out to drink in a tavern later that night that she realized her mistake. By then, of course, it was too late. For the better. House Veltras liked informality, and Lady Desinee found it charming. From a Centaur City Runner, at least.
Again, it was a superfluous moment to the present. Sir Leireit interested Ryoka. And she clearly interested him.
He had a big, floppy hat that was sort of like a wizard’s hat, but had a weaker brim than you’d expect. It certainly sparkled with magic, but it was rather like a [Fisherman]’s cap. Appropriately so, since Leireit was a huge [Fisher] by hobby.
He had on robes, which had bunched horribly during the ride here, and he smelled of puke, but also pine needles. He had no spellbooks, Ryoka realized, nor a staff or other implements.
“Huh. Her mana flow is constricted, her life force is being attacked, and something’s in her. I can see how it would stump many of my peers.”
“Your diagnosis as to the spell, Sir Leireit?”
Tyrion was impatient. Five days of riding had better not have been for nothing. Leireit frowned.
“No clue. But I’ll bet it’s Tier 5 or Tier 6.”
“I’m starting to get tired of diagnoses by people who say they have no idea what’s wrong with me, but it looks bad.”
Ryoka snapped, and felt bad, but Leireit didn’t take offense. He adjusted his hat with a smile for her.
“Rest assured, Courier Griffin, I didn’t earn my honorary title and reputation by understanding magic. I’m not a [Mage] who’ll research this in a book of spells with ten thousand derivations of each spell.”
“What…are you then?”
He grinned and his eyes sparked, turning from their usual lime green to a glowing orange with violet inner light.
“I’m a [Sorcerer].”
Ryoka looked at him.
“Oh, fuck me.”
 
—-
 
“It’s very simple. I’m just going to try and dispel the magic, but with my style and Skills. Ready?”
“No, no, what are you going to—”
“Alright, here goes!”
Ryoka Griffin lay in a bed outside of the mansion. She’d been carried out there at Leireit’s request. She tried to roll out when the [Sorcerer] announced his not-a-plan, but it was too late.
“Don’t worry, I’m a professional! I’ve taken down curses before. See? I even have backup!”
Leireit assured her. Jericha, Alevica, and two [Mages], one of Pellmia’s own employ, the other the strongest from the local Mage’s Guild, were all linked with him. Well, Jericha set up the link, something else Leireit didn’t know how to do without holding hands.
He was a [Sorcerer]. Untrained, a natural spellcaster who made up spells and didn’t study them like [Mages]. His methods? Well, they looked like this.
“[Dispel Magic]!”
Leireit raised the stave he’d brought out, a glowing ruby atop mithril. The jewel flashed and he aimed it at Ryoka.
