8.33 R
Page 1
Her little friend, a Gnoll, was gone. Her ward? Her child? It was unclear, but Ryoka had dragged herself out of bed before being confined. Why now? Had…had something happened to Mrsha?
No. Not that, after all. Ryoka Griffin held a crumpled sheet of paper in her hands. Specially transcribed, sent to her. Forwarded, really. It was a simple message, and it had bounced from three different locations with different addendums.
 
To Lionette, Oteslia, from Joseph, Invrisil:
LIONETTE. READ IMMEDIATELY. KEVIN IS NOT HERE, BUT THEY SENT IT TO ME. WHAT DO I SAY?
 
Then—
Lionette, Oteslia, to Joseph, Invrisil:
Please confirm this at once, Joseph. I am forwarding it to everyone we know.
 
Lionette, Oteslia, to Ryoka Griffin, Courier (Reizmelt):
Ryoka, please read this at once. I am getting Joseph to confirm this, but the Mage’s Guild believes it is accurate. The location matches. I do not know how, but it might be true.
 
All of that was preface. An attachment. Context. Ryoka had begun reading. Then she’d read it again. Turned to call for Ullim and ask—looked again. Wiped at her face.
Disbelieved, thought about it, wondered.
Then…believed. Dared to hope it was real.
That was when the tears had come.
 
His Majesty Fetohep of Khelt, the Great Servant, Fetohep the Faithful, Protector of the Realm of Jecrass and 19th Ruler of Khelt, Khelt, to Kevin of Solar Cycles, Liscor:
I shall keep this missive brief, as prying parasites so often infest such channels. You do not answer your speaking stone. In regards to your request for aid, I have decided to grant Khelt’s great resources in reviving your friend. By the will of Khelt’s rulers, it will be done, without cost or failure. I shall explain more in a private setting.
Know this, and communicate it to your friends: I have it upon the greatest authority and certainty that she lives. My means are opaque. Yet I am bound by no less than the individual in question to relay a message.
‘I’m only mostly dead. Sorry, just joking. Wait for me. I’m coming back. Please don’t bury me.’
Delivered verbatim. I shall call upon you as soon as my reply is received.
—His Eternal Majesty, the Sovereign of True Paradise, Heir of Khelta…
 
The list of titles and appellations went on for a while. Ryoka hadn’t read them. She had stopped when she realized what it meant.
So careful. So opaque. No wonder Joseph hadn’t been sure. Lyonette?
But what else could explain this? The out-of-context line that looked like silly nonsense—it was. Who else could write it? Why would someone like that lie?
“How? How did she…?”
It was too strange to be anything but truth. Let that be the case. Ryoka wanted to believe. She had.
Then she had begun weeping. Not because she had taken an injury that hurt too much, or the news was too bad, as Hethon thought.
Rather, the opposite. Because something had gone right for once. Ryoka had not cried when the Horns died. Even when Erin died, she had been numb, lost. She had shed tears, but…
This broke her. Because she lay in this bed, with Mrsha missing, and the first real proof there was hope, more than hope, that her great friend would live again.
And here Ryoka lay. The Courier’s eyes were blurred so that the gentle, comfortable guest room in Lord Pellmia’s mansion they’d put her in became one creamy brown color, sheets and floor melding together.
She heard birds singing outside. Felt the warm spring air wafting through an open window, and the distant smells of the orchard, earth and ripening fruit in the air.
Here she lay. Wasting time. Doing nothing.
