8.33 R
Page 6
She glared at him as the magic settled on her, dispelled an anti-pain spell and a cooling spell put on her by one of the [Healers] and promptly did nothing else. Leireit looked at Ryoka.
“Nothing? Ah, thought not. Don’t worry, that was just to see what would happen and if I got any interference! Okay, trying again!”
“Father, um…do you think Lord Veltras found the best spellcaster for the job?”
Betta whispered to Lord Pellmia and her mother, well, step-mother, the woman who’d raised her since her birth, Keireen. Pellmia opened his mouth uncertainly, but Lord Veltras had heard. The [Lady] turned beet red as he bowed stiffly to her.
“Sir Leireit comes highly recommended, Lady Betta. His methods are unorthodox, but I have seen him work. Let us see his true attempt.”
She nodded and they all turned just in time for Leireit to shout again. This time he charged Ryoka and lifted his staff.
“Dispeeeeell Maaaaagiiiic—”
“What are you d—oof!”
The oof was from him planting the stave in Ryoka’s belly. Everyone winced. All eyes swung back to Lord Veltras, and he looked uncertain. He hadn’t expected that.
Ryoka would have kicked Leireit if she had any breath left in her—or strength—but the [Sorcerer] hadn’t struck her that hard. And indeed, his eyes had begun to glow. She began to try, anyways, when she saw the light.
It came from his open mouth, from within, from his glowing veins. A smell like pine filled the air. His voice became two octaves deeper and echoed like it came from a cave. Ryoka felt a magical rumbling transmit itself through the staff, the bed and her.
“[Dispel Magic: Mana Clash]!”
Her eyes widened. She stopped trying to kick him and saw, with her limited magical abilities, the mana race through him and the four [Mages] running support.
“Dead gods!”
Keireen threw up her hands to shield her eyes. Tyrion frowned as if seeing something, and Sammial’s eyes went round.
“That felt powerful!”
“It’s so…colorful!”
Hethon muttered. Jericha, lost in focus, wanted to blink at him. Colorful?
The others just watched, seeing nothing but the light Leireit emitted and feeling it in the air.
Leireit was fighting something. He began shouting as Ryoka saw his mana start burning itself against something, like water trying to throw a boulder. It wasn’t efficient. It wasn’t smart, or calculated.
But, hells, it was working. Unlike every other attempt, which hadn’t even managed to target the spell in her, this was rather like putting out a fire by jumping on it and rolling around on top. Inefficient? Painful? Maybe, but it was a lot more direct than wasting time finding ‘water’, or something.
The only question was if Leireit and the other [Mages] had the mana or power, but he was adding to the fire.
“[Replenish Mana]! [Enhanced Casting: Tier 4]! [Enchanced Focus]! I said, enhanced focus! Hold on—”
“My mana is burning out, you maniac!”
Alevica bellowed at Leireit, but the [Sorcerer] was laughing, pouring their combined strength into the fight. Jericha bit her lip until it bled and the other two [Mages] groaned.
The unseen battle in the air was making Leireit sweat. Ryoka was shuddering, feeling something fighting in her. An incredible pressure was squeezing her from within. Just when she thought it would pop or she’d scream, it happened.
“Aha! I d—”
Leireit bellowed. Then there was an explosion. He went flying through the air, arcing and landing with a whumph nearly twenty feet distant. Ryoka herself was blown straight out of her bed. She crashed behind it as it turned over, and stumbled to her feet.
“Holy g—holy Oberon!”
