8.33 R
Page 22
What was notable now, to people who had an inkling of Ryoka Griffin, was how calm she had suddenly become. After she returned to the mansion, she thanked everyone for their help. Took a deep breath and…relaxed.
All was not well in the world. However, if the floor turned to lava enough times, you learned to surf on the waves. That was how Ryoka felt now. There was a time for action, and a time for rest.
“This has been a fascinating little adventure, I don’t mind saying. Grand Magi, mysterious spells, and Couriers! And a [Witch]!”
Alevica scowled at Sir Leireit as he toasted a little party in Pellmia’s mansion with a glass of what Ryoka thought was champagne.
Although normal champagne was less glowy. And didn’t attract the Fruit Cats. They meowed, leaving their branches, demanding sips. Ryoka peered at them.
“They smell like fruit!”
“Totwhisker Cats. They don’t just smell like fruit, they use it. The little geniuses make alcohol, you know.”
“No.”
Ryoka didn’t believe Pellmia. The [Lord] laughed in delight and his family, even the reclusive Gilam, all looked proud of the factoid.
“You see, they know how to ferment fruits. So they find a hollow, drag in fruits, and essentially create an alcoholic slurry. Something in their whiskers is like a natural yeast—it’s magical, of course, but that’s why they’re named that. Totwhisker. As in, ‘a tot of gin’? Good luck getting any of their stuff away.”
“…Is…is there some kind of natural biological reason for this? Is creating alcohol a defense mechanism?”
Pellmia thought hard, sipping lightly from his drink as a cat tried to climb up and steal some.
“I think they just like it. Can’t say I blame them, but they try to steal every drink. A houseful of natural drunkards. Ah, we love you, don’t we?”
He bent down and scratched at a cat’s ears. Ryoka laughed as the cat meowed in vain, opening its mouth. That was the kind of thing to treasure.
Hethon and Sammial were allowed a very watered wine, and offered it in vain to the cats, who sniffed at the drinks and turned away in disgust. However, it was a sight to see Lord Tyrion continually moving his drink away from cats that kept leaping for it.
Somehow, House Veltras’ formality, at least of the main family, had no power here. Charlay was talking animatedly to Desinee.
“You’ve never had an ale? Really?”
“I have had vintages and specific decanters of kegs…”
“We’re going down to the tavern tonight! Who’s with me?”
“That sounds great!”
Swey and Buscrei instantly volunteered. Alevica was watching Charlay with extreme amusement. She sidled over to Ryoka.
“That idiot doesn’t know she’s talking to a [Lady], does she?”
Ryoka glanced at Charlay, who was talking to Desinee. She must have taken the woman for…a guest? Desinee was in a summer dress, but the Centauress had completely missed her expensive jewelry.
And signet ring. It was probably Buscrei, Swey, and Setth that had thrown her off. Ryoka shrugged.
“Want to tell her?”
Alevica smiled wickedly.
“No.”
“We shall provide transport back to First Landing, Sir Leireit, and our payment in full—I regret to say Lord Veltras cannot personally speed your journey.”
Jericha was taking care of business during the gathering. The [Sorcerer] nearly dropped his drink.
“Er, no need. I am honored, of course, but never again. I shall happily take an escort. I must say, though, that if I might find lodging, I wouldn’t mind touring the area and delaying my return?”
“Of course. Sir Leireit, you would be an honored guest. House Quellae is open to you.”
Keireen instantly turned and the [Sorcerer] beamed.
