8.33 R
Page 12
“I’ve only heard what Runners have. Fabledust is a strange compound and it gets in the air. Apparently it’s mined or something from a few islands. There’s so much of it from the ships it coats the city. It…does things to the people and area?”
Sir Leireit was nodding.
“Translocational magic. Dimensional stuff. I’m no [Mage]…nor have I been. The only person who could tell us is…”
Every head turned to Tyrion. He started, uncrossed his arms, and looked around.
“…It is a rather vivid city. One can get lost, there. Places…vanish now and then and need to be refound.”
He lapsed into silence. Buscrei slapped the table after a second.
“Well, don’t just end it there, Tyrion! Tell us more! What does it look like? What does it smell like? Details!”
He hesitated.
“It is a rather vivid shade of purple at times, until the light strikes it—or moonlight—or it rains.”
“And then?”
It was like trying to pry answers out of one of the oysters. Tyrion scratched at his head, then he opened up, to his surprise and everyone else’s.
“Let me see. It was years ago when I visited last. They had a rhyme I believe the children sang. ‘Purple by day, and pink by night. Green come moonlight, brown when rain strikes.’ But they had other verses. There was a nuance to the colors. If it is merely purple, you see, it didn’t matter. But a…shade of purple was worrisome.”
“How?”
The others blinked, interested. Tyrion frowned.
“I don’t know what it was. It was raining one day, and they told me it was wenge outside and to stay indoors.”
“What in the name of otters is wenge?”
“That’s a shade of brown, I think. See here, if it looks off, you’re in trouble? Imagine being afraid of colors.”
Swey chowed down on the roasted oysters. Everyone else realized they were done and began eating. They pestered Tyrion with questions, and he reluctantly, then with some enthusiasm, began to speak.
“I never saw a shipment coming in; I was simply travelling that way. However, I did see a building appear, once. Inhabited. The people inside were thought to be monsters at first; they clashed with the Watch, firing arrows from inside. They were a sight; they claimed they had been somewhere else for nearly twenty years. Their garments were strange. I expected them to be ragged, but…”
It was a fascinating tale, marred only by the teller. Yet he warmed to his task, and his two sons were as agog as the others. Even more so, perhaps. Tyrion had never told them this story?
He did so now, and was part of the conversation rather than in the middle of it. He still didn’t talk like his cousins, but he did talk. Ryoka listened, asking questions, in the thick of it.
She never saw how some of the others glanced at her and saw what she’d done, like Keireen, Setth.
Or Jericha. Keireen leaned against Pellmia and whispered.
“They are good for each other.”
The [Matchmaker] smiled. And here he hadn’t even used a Skill.
 
—-
 
In some ways, Ryoka fit in with House Veltras. Oh, the sociability was new, but there were times when House Veltras was social—and times when they were not. Like Buscrei. She was all laughter and talk with the others. Then she’d just walk off, and go hunting for days on end, or relax by herself, socialization done.
There was something there that spoke to everything Ryoka was. In the same way, she talked with them, then they turned to figuring out their new problem of attacks. Pellmia frowned as he thought.
