8.33 R
Page 15
“Miss Griffin. Begging your pardon Lord Veltras…but I have noticed this about you. You speak about almost everything as if it were the greatest calamity in the world. And only you can solve the issue. As if the world revolves around you. All of House Veltras stands here, but might not be enough to aid Ryoka Griffin in her quest. Whatever that actually is.”
Ryoka Griffin sat there, staring at Jericha. So did Hethon and Sammial. The words flowed from Jericha with a great deal of satisfaction, pent up as they had been. Even Tyrion gave her the side-eye…until they looked at Ryoka.
Beets were red. Blood was crimson. Plums were purple. Ryoka’s face encapsulated even more colors than that. She sat there, so embarrassed she couldn’t speak. She sat there.
“I don’t think th—”
“I mean, I only know Oberon and I just—”
“It’s—”
She tried to get it out. But the truth was that Jericha was right.
Almost right. Ryoka raised her head, slowly. Embarrassed.
“I…I do act like that, don’t I? I’m sorry. But there is something big coming. I can’t say exactly—”
She saw Jericha’s hand twitch for her side and hastily clarified.
“War. A big war. A conflict…that’s what my friends said. The guests. A terrible war. And I guess I feel like I’m going to play a role. They’re…[Oracles], you see. Sort of.”
Tyrion’s brows rose. He looked at Ryoka sharply.
“Where from?”
“I don’t know. But I do know this! I act like I’m important because I think I am. A bit. That’s arrogance. However, I do know this.”
Ryoka rose to her feet. She clenched and unclenched her hands.
“…I’m not the person who can bring people together. Who can create a miracle, and maybe stop or…or unite people. I know who that is. And she’s—waiting—for me to help her. If I can, I will. And as for who I pissed off? Well. I didn’t realize it, but…I tried to steal from Ailendamus. From their vaults. That’s who I made mad. There. I said it.”
The Wind Runner exhaled long and loud, and felt instant regret. Then relief. She looked around. She’d actually said it. She looked at Tyrion, Jericha, Sammial, and Hethon, smiling with a bit of relief.
…Right until she saw Tyrion’s expression. And Jericha suck in her breath. The two adults exchanged glances. Of all the things Ryoka could have said…
“Well, that’s not good. Hear that? She pissed off the fattest nation in Terandria. Told you she doesn’t do things halfway.”
Everyone stopped. They stared up. Tyrion snapped his shield up, but Buscrei just leaned over the roof’s lip. Swey, Setth, both jumped down. Pellmia got up from listening at the door with his daughter and wife. Lady Desinee replaced the amulet she’d taken out.
It was good that Ryoka had admitted what was on her mind, at last. Everyone could now agree.
She was in a bit of trouble.
 
—-
 
Ailendamus.
House Veltras was powerful. Five Families of Izril? Martial house with the largest standing force? Famous [Lord] on that Top 5 list? There were only a few things that would even make them blink when they stood united.
Ailendamus…might need some eye drops. Of all the places for Ryoka to make an enemy of…yeah. Ailendamus.
“Couldn’t she have chosen, I don’t know, Calanfer, or something? I hear they’re getting spanked in the war. Or the Reinharts? We could use a good old scrap.”
Buscrei muttered to Swey and Setth. Lord Setth looked at her.
“What is it with the Oswens and spanking?”
“All I’m saying is that Ailendamus is…well, it’s like she threw rocks at one of the Four Great Companies or something. There are easier enemies to make.”
