8.33 R
Page 20
Against all conventional magical logic of the modern world, the [Sylph Spark] refused to dissipate, though its entire makeup was pulled apart by the mysterious other spellcaster. It reformed, returning to its original space.
The shock in the air was a palpable thing. Eldavin had caught his opponent off-guard.
“Not bad.”
“Reveal yourself! [Aura Tracers]; [The Winding Lair of Solce’s Jellyfish]!”
Eldavin went for a large spell, and the air exploded with more tracers, these ones charged by his and the [Mage]’s mana. They’d react—strike back in a clash of power if they hit something.
They burned through two dozen spells, but a sneering retort blasted them out of the sky. Eldavin’s spark dodged another invisible slice of magic. The two unseen [Mages] grappled, Eldavin’s spark the one visible point; yet he was sure the other [Mage] was grounding his powers somehow in the air.
Both of them, wrestling, throwing elegant weaves in with crude tricks to identify, trace the other, block their magic at the source and thus cut off the power, had the same thought at once. Eldavin whispered.
“Who are you?”
His spellcasting, second to none in Wistram, became faster and faster. Yet, as the [Mages] of the Terras faction watched with amazement…
Eldavin began to fall behind.
 
—-
 
“…What the heck is going on up there?”
Ryoka stared up at a zippy ball of faint green-yellow light. It kept dancing about. Tyrion Veltras stared up, frowning. He thought he could see…no.
“I have no idea.”
 
—-
 
It was an exceptionally high-level battle, of such skill, not Skill but genuine mastery that no one could see it, and it looked exceptionally stupid if taken out of context. A dancing ball of light in the air. Even Jericha couldn’t tell what was happening; only Valeterisa had any insight.
And…Hethon Veltras. His eyes were round.
“What is that? What is that?”
“What’s what?”
He pointed a finger wildly at the air, but Buscrei, Sammial, Pellmia, and the others just stared at the empty air. Hethon turned.
“Don’t you see it? It’s amazing! I’ve never—they’re all over and hundreds and—”
“See what?”
They had no clue what he meant. Hethon pointed. Waved his hands. Are you not getting this? Charlay squinted.
“…You mean that bird over there?”
 
—-
 
That damn bird was getting in the way! Eldavin snarled. The spells were fighting all over the air, and he was maintaining nearly sixty eight different lines of attack and defense. Two were going through the bird, which it only detected as a feeling of bad constipation.
His opponent—was winning. They had actually chained a spell through the bird, and they were casting faster than Eldavin.
More complexly, too. Eldavin’s own magical knowledge was being exceeded. How did you cast through a living being like—
A gap in his head? He faltered. He felt he sh—
The slash through his detection spells was like a physical thing. He staggered, and the loss of so much mana cost him the battle.
His opponent had more mana, too. An inexhaustible supply, if Eldavin and all the [Mages] couldn’t simply win a pure mana clash! Not that it would work; it would be like trying to arm-wrestle someone who could spin around you and throw an elbow to the back of your head.
This was true magic. And it—
“Begone, you little pest!”
The magical link in the scrying spell imploded. A spell raced back through Eldavin’s connection. He threw up his hands.
“[Meridae’s Save—]”
