8.33 R
Page 21
That saved his life. Even so, Telim and the other [Mages] saw something hit the Grand Magus in the chest, sending him flipping over the dais and crashing into the wall. Eldavin lay on the ground for a good minute.
When he staggered to his feet, the magical presence had fled. Leaving Ryoka Griffin alone. A victory…of sorts. Eldavin was in no mood to celebrate. Like a guppy which had finally seen a big fish, he was rattled. And angry. He didn’t even know why.
I am the best in this world. The certainty was in him, a kind of arrogance to match even an [Archmage] of old’s. So then. How…
How did I lose?
 
—-
 
“…It seems your foe has retreated. Wisely; more casting gives more opportunities for tracing them.”
“You didn’t figure out who?”
“No!”
The snap through the speaking stone made Ryoka recoil. She had never heard T—Eldavin speak like that. Then he moderated his tone.
“…No. I was unprepared, Ryoka. Whomever that is—is exceptionally dangerous. Do you know who it could be? Even in general?”
She glanced at Tyrion, who was ‘not eavesdropping’ as he kept watching the sky, shield raised.
“No, I don’t.”
“I see. Well, this is far more concerning than I believed. I will make arrangements; this will not happen again. You are clearly in over your head, Ryoka. You should come to Wistram; there is much that cannot be said. Even here. Our speaking spells may be intercepted after…with such a foe about.”
He was rattled. Ryoka Griffin would have agreed in an instant if Teriarch had said that. If…she said one last thing as he told her that Valeterisa of all people would come and cast ward spells, to make sure she was safe.
“Thank you. Thank you, Eldavin. I’m…I’m so grateful.”
“I shall attend to your friend, Erin Solstice, in due course. There is much to do, and even I must make…preparations. Upgrade my repertoire. Artifacts. If I hadn’t left my research laboratory in the High Passes…”
Research laboratory. It could have been code. Or…Ryoka Griffin swallowed. Her lips trembled.
“Y—of course. I know you must be tired, Eldavin. I cannot thank you enough. Before I go, have you heard from Teriarch?”
Her heart thundered in her chest. The pause seemed to go on forever. And then the half-Elf spoke, his voice…tinged with uncertainty.
“Who? No.”
“I see. Sorry, I thought you’d met. I—”
Ryoka didn’t know what she said next. She just dropped the speaking stone and sank to the ground when she stumbled into her room. Her head in her hands.
What was happening?
It was all…
Falling apart. She knelt like that, until she realized she couldn’t. No longer. Her head rose.
She had to put it together. Somehow.
 
—-
 
It was a given that Ryoka’s friends, the people who knew her in any meaningful way, learned that the Wind Runner was not generally a calm person.
She had what could be described as panic attacks—although sometimes there were things to genuinely panic about—and she seemed to run around with a giant boulder named ‘stress’ strapped to her back at times.
She was not like her friend, Erin Solstice, who could happily spend a day rolling across a clean floor in her inn next to a little giggling Gnoll. Ryoka would discover termites.
If you liked her despite that, her secrecy, her tendency to run off and come back with more problems…there was a lot to still like.
Qualities House Veltras prized, since so many were included in the number of people who liked Ryoka.
Loyalty. Courage. A sense of adventure.
