8.33 R
Page 30
“I’ve tested them against far worse. Believe me, if they’re on my feet, I can barely feel a lot of fire. But…well. That’s a problem.”
She gestured. If she wrapped her feet in them, her feet were immune to a lot of things. She’d run through the Wild Hunt’s winter, and a field of flames without feeling a thing.
Yet Jericha, with a low-level [Flame Jet] spell, could blow flames around the thin linen wrap and burn anything not covered by them.
“Congratulations, Miss Griffin. You may have the most narrow shield in the entire world. You could protect…one forearm with it.”
Jericha drily concluded. It had resisted Tyrion’s dagger, which was a fairly good one, and even a Tier 3 spell, but it was just two linen wraps, after all.
“Invincible feet. That’s silly.”
Sammial agreed. Ryoka glowered at him.
“You try stepping on a nail, Sammy. I’ll take invincible footwraps, thanks. I wonder how good they are. Maybe I should try my weapon on it…but I don’t want to damage them.”
“The Windsword? I’ll hold the magic footwraps!”
Sammial was eager. Ryoka glanced at him.
“What? The Faeb—no, it doesn’t have a real name. Who calls it that?”
Sammial stared at Ryoka, incredulously.
“Everyone. Everyone knows the Wind Runner owns the Windsword.”
“How do they know that?”
“Lord Deilan El called it that. It’s a Kaalblade. That’s what the news said.”
“No, it—what? He said that, but everyone thinks…? Well, it’s fine, but—okay.”
Ryoka fished it out, but Hethon kept peering at the other strip that was lying on the floor.
Sure enough, Ryoka’s Faeblade/Windsword failed to cut the linen, much to her relief, but neither did it shatter like it did when striking magical armor. It just failed to cut, rather like it was dull and the linen were…linen.
“That is strange. I wonder. It would be problematic if it did cut, but…”
Tyrion Veltras slowly unsheathed his sword. Jericha turned, her eyes going huge in her head.
The blade of House Veltras? The sword looked like plain steel as it left the equally simple scabbard. Until it cut the light. Hethon had seen it many times, though never been allowed to touch it.
The Sword of Veltras could cut the rays of light in half where blade met air. There was a line like the way dawn broke on the horizon across the perfect edge, and the air behind the edge looked a tiny bit darker than the rest of the world.
And that was only when it was not being swung. When it struck a foe and used its magic, then, and only then could you see the tracing on the blade. The words proclaiming the heirloom’s history, the sigils…Tyrion had once told Hethon it was because a good blade did not have to scream it was fanciful or powerful.
“Lord Veltras…are you certain?”
“Only if Miss Griffin would risk her bindings.”
Ryoka licked her lips. One of the most powerful weapons in all of Izril, a relic of a weapon, caught the air, a slight bit of metal unsheathed from the scabbard. After a second, she gingerly, gingerly, let the fabric dangle.
Lord Tyrion Veltras accepted the fabric. He performed a simple test. As a boy, he had once seen his father slice a block of wood by laying the blade down and dropping the block of firewood on top of the edge. So he gingerly laid the very end of the fabric on the end of the blade; it could slice wood like paper, and paper like…
The linen lay on the end of the Sword of Veltras like…cloth. Jericha choked on her own spit.
“Impossible!”
Tyrion started. Then he slowly, without asking, tossed the linen up. He unsheathed his sword in one movement, and slashed at it. Ryoka yelped, but the cut was high and away from everyone else.
