8.33 R
Page 4
Fruits hanging plump on stems. Fat peaches, in the middle of being harvested, the bruised or rotten ones fed to animals and seeds re-planted. The air was rich with the smell of nectar and the sounds of House Quellae’s workers mixed with the buzzing of flies, or activities of the animals wandering about.
Like the Totwhisker Cat, or ‘Fruit Cats’, which lay on branches and occasionally deigned to swat a fruit down into a basket or onto someone’s face. Of course, inside the manor, the servants stood in awe of the gathering. [Witches], [Lords], [Ladies], oh my! Even a Centauress! Lord Tyrion Veltras and a sick [Courier]?
As Alevica ‘inspected’ Ryoka, which mainly involved poking her with her wand and saying ‘yuck’, and the second specialist stopped throwing up in the stables, a young man paced back and forth in his rooms.
“Yes! She’s here! The Wind Runner! And Lord Veltras! She’s been cursed. What do you want me to do beyond watch her? We are not calling a you-know-what here! Everyone would be wiped out before you could scratch your ass!”
Gilam Quellae was communicating the event and import to some very interested friends. However, Ryoka Griffin had no way to know about it, and it was not as important to her as the immediate concern of getting well.
“Yep. She’s cursed. Worst I’ve ever seen.”
Alevica made her diagnosis at last. Ryoka, Charlay, and Sammial all glared at her.
“…And? Are you going to make her better?”
The Centauress demanded. Alevica raised her brows at Charlay.
“Who, me? I don’t lift curses. I cast them. I wish I could cast something like this. I’ll report back to the others and see what they want me to do. Mavika herself might have to come out here, though.”
Ryoka groaned. Charlay buried her face in her hands.
“But I carried you for four days and nights straight!”
“Hey, I’m doing this as a favor to Laken.”
“I knew it. Sammial. I can’t move my arm. Slap my face for me.”
Hethon looked up as Alevica stepped back. That sounded like another idea only a sick Ryoka could come up with.
“No, w—”
The slap of Sammial’s open palm hitting Ryoka across the eyes, nose, and center of her face made Alevica snigger. She adjusted her hat.
“Well, I’ve had my fun. I’ll send a [Message] off. Can I get some food?”
“This way, Miss Alevica.”
Jericha coldly pointed to the door. Buscrei sighed.
“Told you we should have tossed her in the Unicorn springs.”
“I believe the [Witches] may produce a remedy. It was they who cured my sons, Buscrei.”
Tyrion Veltras interrupted. He had patiently watched Alevica. Now he looked around.
“Is Magus Leireit able to attend Miss Griffin yet?”
“He may still be throwing up from the ride, Tyrion. I’ll find him.”
Pellmia excused himself. The [Lord of the Orchards] came back a few minutes later with a man who still looked green. Ryoka groaned.
Now here was someone who dressed like a [Mage] out of stories. He did not engender confidence, especially because he smelled of vomit and sweat.
“Lord Veltras. I believe I shall walk back to First Landing. Is this the fascinating case?”
The man, Leireit, queasily looked around. Sammial pinched his nose and Charlay tried to back up, and ended up blocking the entire guest room with her hindquarters.
“Let me just—excuse me—sorry—who’s this?”
She trotted into the corridor as all the non-Centaurs squeezed back. After all, no one wanted to be squashed by a half-horse person, or have their foot stepped on by someone of Charlay’s weight. The Centauress leaned on a table, and looked around.
