8.33 R
Page 28
Alevica glowered. She rolled her eyes up as Sammial strode over.
“What are you doing now?”
“Just testing some gear. I’m trying to protect myself and since all my anti-spell wards exploded last time I got hit—”
“Oh, interesting. Is that an artifact of protection? I’ve never seen something like that.”
Leireit glanced at Ryoka’s slightly-dirty footwraps. The Courier’s face turned apprehensive.
“Uh…maybe they aren’t. But they might help.”
“Lord Hethon. Are those the…footwraps Miss Griffin was wearing?”
Hethon nodded as Ryoka waited for Alevica to get ready, taking a few deep breaths. Hethon nodded, squinting at the footwraps.
“They’re weird. What is she doing?”
Jericha frowned.
“I have no idea, Lord Hethon. That woman is an enigma. A maddening one. Sometimes I just want to shake the answers out of her.”
Hethon and Sammial could agree with that. However, they were surprised to hear Jericha say it.
“I have never heard you express yourself that way, Jericha.”
The woman glanced at Hethon, then turned. She actually leapt a foot in the air.
Lord Tyrion Veltras stood behind the rest of his family, watching Ryoka with folded arms. She was pacing back and forth in the carpeted drinking room, telling Alevica she didn’t want a permanent hex in front of the comfy, intimate furnishings, and the lovely velvet couches that Leireit and Alevica were getting crumbs all over.
“Lord Veltras! I…”
Jericha turned red as a beet. Hethon and Sammial were impressed for more reasons than just that, though.
“Father! Are you following Ryoka around too?”
Sammial whispered loudly. Hethon nearly laughed, but then he saw his father…twitch. Lord Tyrion smoothed at his mustache, glanced at Sammial, at Ryoka, and then coughed.
“…I was merely curious.”
All three jaws dropped. Then they saw more figures peeking out from the hallway. Pellmia and Keireen, Betta and Gilam having gone to join Charlay in the fun, were also following Tyrion.
“I must say, I feel like a young man again, sneaking around the home. This is quite fun.”
Pellmia whispered, a twinkle in his eyes. They had learned by now that if you followed Ryoka about when she was like this, she would do something highly interesting.
Of course, Hethon and Sammial were the originals who’d learned that long ago. So they all got a first-class seat to The Travails of Ryoka, a new play starring Ryoka Griffin as Ryoka Griffin where she let Alevica hex her.
The [Witch] aimed a wand as she gulped wine.
“Hex.”
She waved it, and Hethon thought he saw a twisting flicker stretch out of her wand. It reached out, and passed into Ryoka through her throat, disappearing into her. Jericha frowned; everyone else waited.
“Ooh. Not bad.”
Leireit murmured. Ryoka blinked.
“Did it work?”
Hethon was again confused; hadn’t they seen that? Then he heard a sound.
Hic.
Ryoka hiccuped, loudly. She put a hand over her mouth. Alevica snorted and spilled wine onto the couch. Keireen frowned at that, but Ryoka began to hiccup again.
Hic. Hic.
“Oh, hic—it. I just—hic—hexed—hic—I?”
“Yep. You asked for a weak one. Good thing too. That bandana did nothing.”
Alevica chortled as Ryoka hiccuped. The Wind Runner sighed.
“At—hic—least it’s not that bad. I—hic—thought you’d do far worse, Alevica.”
The [Witch] smirked at Ryoka. She waved a wand and the hiccups stopped.
“You think so? If I left that on for eighteen days, you’d change your tune.”
“Nasty.”
Leireit shook his head. Ryoka shuddered at the thought. Alevica was as evil as they said. Sighing, Ryoka took off the headbands. She stared at them, then put them on her feet.
