8.33 R
Page 40
“Silence! The thief did nothing. That was…that spell is headed to Rhir. The Death of Magic.”
Exclamations. Ringing footfalls. But that voice—that familiar voice was shouting.
“Leave me. Do not argue!”
Something flung one of the people arguing across the room. Ryoka didn’t hear. She knelt there, then felt something splatter over her shoulder.
Sammial. The boy was throwing up. Ryoka nearly did herself. She reached out, unsure of how to move her arms, if hearts should beat.
“Sammial? Sammy, you idiot. I meant to do this. Oh no. Oh…”
She held the boy. He was crying. Ryoka clutched him tightly. Why did everything she do—
“What is this little pest? Can they not even capture one wretched thief properly?”
Footfalls. Ryoka looked up into the face of her nemesis. A man with a pointed goatee, harsh features, regal clothing, stared down at her and Sammial in disgust. He shone with magical power, and his eyes were flinty. Cold.
Jade green, like hers. For a second, she was uncertain. They should be mismatched.
The Duke Rhisveri laid eyes upon Ryoka Griffin in the flesh. He glanced at Sammial.
“Worthless.”
His finger rose. A similar spell to the one Silvenia had cast flickered in the tip. The Wind Runner shouted.
“No—”
In the empty grand auditorium, within one of the many grand chambers in the capital of Ailendamus, the Duke stood alone. He had dismissed his helpers, the lesser [Mages] and [Strategists] and [General] devoted to this plan.
After all, what threat could the Courier pose? He aimed a finger at the boy who had tagged along, uncaring.
The air moved. A gale of wind blasted the Duke off his feet. He went flying, struck the ground.
“Wh—wh—?”
He scrambled upright, clumsily, confused. How had…? He saw a bright flare. But no magic.
Ryoka Griffin leapt forward. She was still cuffed, but she held a shining blade in her hands, against all possibility. It was not magic. The Duke aimed a finger.
The Wind Runner cut off his hand. The blade swept around in a clumsy arc, but just like Tyrion had shown her.
Rhisveri’s hand hit the floor with a wet thump. The Duke stared at his stump of a wrist. Then—the tip of the shining blade.
Ryoka Griffin stared sickly at the blood jetting from the stump. Yet the tip of the Faeblade aimed at the man’s face. She was wrong? Was she…? What had she just done?
Rhisveri looked at his stump of a hand. Sammial was on his knees, still throwing up. The Duke’s face was pale. His lips moved as blood ran onto his robes.
“…Ow.”
Ryoka Griffin heard the small, annoyed sound echo in the room. Her eyes widened. Her heart restarted. She saw him move—raise himself up—then growl.
“What an annoyance.”
He raised a hand, glared at Ryoka, and then his eyes rolled up and Rhisveri collapsed backwards onto the ground. He stopped breathing. The blood stopped pooling.
He was dead.
Ryoka Griffin was not fooled. She raised her sword overhead. The Faeblade caught the air, shedding pink light around the new room, built in ancient style, raised within two simple generations.
A palace so vast the ceiling was four hundred feet high. A monumental room. Suspicious.
The wind howled around her. The Wind Runner felt it blast through the room, sending the blood flurrying into droplets in the air. Running around a shape—
There. She whirled. Something moved. Ryoka swung her blade as she shouted.
“Dragon!”
The unseen presence stopped. It was stunned. Confused.
How did she—? There was no way! No one could know! No one could—
