8.33 R
Page 34
Ryoka Griffin was sitting in the living room. She sat by the fire, so her shadow was long across the cobblestone chimney, made of magical stones with flecks of crystal or other glowing light across them.
It glowed faintly, and the wood and carpet flooring contained two little boys sitting there, right up by her feet. The grand chairs were also filled by none other than Lord Pellmia, Keireen, Betta, and Tyrion Veltras himself.
The others halted. Not for that alone, but because they realized…there were more than just the nobility.
Alevica watched from the shadows. Sir Leireit was seated, but there were servants, even the off-duty guards and children all gathered about. Listening quietly, standing from the hallways, but they were allowed to be here.
Ryoka had asked for it. Jericha hovered with them rather than go forwards, noting Gilam also standing with reserve, albeit alone. Yet they were all listening.
“What’s all this in aid of?”
Swey whispered as the others slowed. He got a response as Ryoka spoke.
“The Wind Runner is telling a story.”
Their heads turned back to Ryoka. Of all the things…storytelling from Ryoka Griffin? It didn’t fit her.
But then, they had never seen her with the fae, and the Stone Spears tribe. She had done this once before. And this?
Ryoka held something in her hands. Three signatures. Of course, she had more than three; you asked for copies. But these were the three, and one was the very same one she’d gotten first.
From the brave boy. He who would be King of Avalon.
King of Chivalry. King of Knights. King of Camelot.
Arthur Pendragon.
“The great [Wizard], Merlin, had foreseen his own demise. You see, some people say that he moved through time…backwards.”
“Backwards? How?”
Sammial’s voice piped up. He was shushed, but Ryoka tried to explain.
“You see, he could see through time. So it didn’t matter when he was; he knew Arthur to be the [King] because it was all the same. In the same way, Merlin knew his fate at the hands of Morgan le Fay, the [Enchantress].”
“But if he knew what was going to happen, why didn’t he do something?”
“Sammial…”
Tyrion’s voice was quiet. Ryoka smiled.
“Well, sometimes you let things happen. I don’t know why. Maybe he couldn’t change it. Maybe he thought it was for the best. Maybe…”
She looked past them all. The audience shivered as Ryoka’s eyes changed.
She was not the best [Storyteller] to grace Lord Pellmia’s mansion. They had known [Bards], great amateurs and experts alike. Naturally talented men and women. Those with Skills.
Barelle the Bard himself had come here, once. Yet Ryoka Griffin had something that even he lacked. Or rather, something only Barelle could even match.
She was not perfect. She made mistakes and people interrupted. She didn’t remember the story perfectly, and hadn’t practiced it.
Nevertheless…she looked past them all at three solemn faces. A sword in the stone. When Ryoka told the story, you believed it.
The greatest storytellers had lived the very moments they recreated. So Ryoka told them about the bravest boy she had ever known. The man who had made many mistakes, yet the origin of so many tales. The timeless, tragic, glorious legend.
King Arthur of Camelot.
It was the tale that echoed in Terandria now, whether they knew it or not. The heart of every [King] and brave [Knight]. Ryoka Griffin had met him.
Some day he would return. It was one of Earth’s greatest stories, in its many forms. Perhaps because you could keep telling it.
