8.33 R
Page 8
Too bad that the next three times she tried to step outside, spells nearly killed her.
 
—-
 
“What do you mean, you don’t know where the spells are coming from?”
It was an incredible statement. Not so anywhere else, but from House Veltras, Lord Pellmia, a powerful [Lord], and Sir Leireit?
Actually, Leireit didn’t count, but the fact that so many powerful individuals could be under attack by long-range spells that only went after Ryoka and not know even the vaguest direction they were bound from was…incredible.
“My lord, we are under attack by a very powerful [Mage]. The spells have almost no magical emissions. I cannot see their make, and there is no mana trail to follow.”
Jericha was pale as Ryoka peeked out the window. The Courier was staring at the innocuous sky. She winced as a [Healer] dug out a bit of wood from one arm.
The lightning had stopped after the second time she’d left. However, her mysterious assailant had decided to diversify the spells. Ryoka had walked right next to the second tree that exploded, peppering her with shrapnel.
“That was my favorite tree.”
Lord Pellmia grumbled, his sword drawn as half his household guard stood at the gates and windows, ready for a battle.
“You don’t have a favorite tree, my love. Don’t be dramatic.”
Keireen admonished him.
Ryoka Griffin saw Pellmia glancing up at the innocuously clear skies, furrows in his brow. He exhaled hard, his fingers shifting on the worn leather wrap on his hilt.
“That someone would attack a [Lord] of Izril—no, one of the Five Families in such a manner—”
“It seems to be a growing trend of late.”
Lady Desinee El remarked from behind her bodyguards. Ryoka Griffin hung her head.
“I’m sorry. It’s my fault.”
The Houses of El and Veltras looked at her, quite astonished. Lord Tyrion saw Ryoka’s entire posture sag. He hesitated, like a rock limpet trying to figure out how to give someone comfort, and with about as much success.
It was Lady Buscrei who grabbed Ryoka’s shoulder. She grinned, as the young woman started. Her teeth flashed a bit yellow, but with a wide, laughing smile.
“You’re one of us, Ryoka. A guest—no. Family. When someone attacks your family, you don’t let them gang up, you shoot them in the ankles and beat them to death!”
Everyone had to absorb that statement of solidarity for a second. Then Ryoka looked at Buscrei.
Family?
The [Lady] laughed. Then winked at Keireen, Betta, Swey, Desinee…they stared at her. Now? At this moment?
Well. There was never a wrong moment for plotting romance. Ryoka Griffin found herself guest of Pellmia Quellae once more. And this time?
At least she was conscious.
 
—-
 
It was strange, going from fleeing romance and courtship on bended knee, to being zapped with a curse from a mysterious foe, to being trapped in a quite pleasant mansion with a bunch of busybodies who were both protecting you and trying to get you hitched.
“Want an oyster?”
Buscrei cackled so hard at Ryoka’s expression that she nearly fell out of her chair at lunch. It turned out everyone was eating oysters, though. The [Lady] had brought a huge catch north, and the folk of House Quellae quite liked seafood.
“It’s fruit all day, and our herds, of course. It’s what you don’t have, I suppose. I could look once at the most gigantic orange that other people just die for—it sells for gold abroad—but give me a clam chowder and I’d hand you the orange in a second.”
Keireen confided in Ryoka. The Courier stared at the treat.
“Um. I see.”
The complete lapse of any social cue didn’t faze the [Lady]. She smiled, gracefully as Ryoka blushed in embarrassment.
