8.33 R
Page 38
A second voice broke in, without concealment or alteration. A familiar voice. Ryoka gritted her teeth. At least it hadn’t told them to kill her.
The Lord Captain’s voice broke off. Then returned.
“Your Grace, I beg you to reconsider. I have thirty two [Lesser Teleport] scrolls ready for action. My ship is prepared to set sail. We can return to port in no less than four days if we burn wind spells nonstop—”
“Unacceptable. Do not argue back! Activate the scroll—now! I wish to lay eyes on this mewling thief without more time wasted!”
The Lord Captain began to argue. The [Knights] and [Infiltrators] looked at each other. Ryoka Griffin just waited.
“We have the scroll, Lord Captain. Shall we employ it?”
The [Knight]’s voice shook slightly as she went for a sealed case at her side. There was silence from the other end.
“As Ailendamus wills it. Let it be done. Activate the scroll.”
The Lord Captain sounded like he was in pain. Ryoka Griffin saw the female [Knight] motion to the others.
“The charge can barely sustain four. I shall take her alone, for safety.”
“Are you sure, Dame Eclizza?”
“She is cuffed and surrendered. It may be the scroll will not burn itself out. Stand clear. Hold them back; they will sense it for the first five seconds.”
The [Knight] turned. She took Ryoka Griffins’ arm. Still, the Wind Runner did not move.
They had her. This mysterious attacking force, and the impatient voice wanted her to go to him now. Oh dear, how could this happen? Who could it be?
Ryoka knew. It was Ailendamus. That was obvious even if she couldn’t see their crest. They might be able to deny it; it didn’t sound like whoever was ordering this cared.
Your Grace. Someone important? Wasn’t that a royal term?
Ryoka didn’t know. She was braced, but she had left her room, gone out to tell them to pull back, to avoid more people dying. Of course she’d suspected this. Someone who didn’t back down when Eldavin and all of Wistram and one of the Five Families was backing her wasn’t going to stop at anything.
“Mrsha…”
The Wind Runner saw the scroll case open. Yet she was still calm. So long as she was being pursued, she couldn’t help. And this?
Oh, let Fetohep of Khelt find an easy way to save Erin. Let her be alive. Let her come to life and me waste all of my time.
But if not? Ryoka Griffin remembered what Ivolethe had said. This scroll. That was the surest way.
Ryoka was a continent apart. She stared as a familiar, glowing spider web of magic appeared on the ground. The [Knights] falling back through the trees and [Infiltrators] groaned when they saw it.
“A Scroll of Greater Teleport.”
The [Knight] looked at Ryoka. Her voice was flat.
“Rejoice, Courier. This has already cost A—my land more than you know.”
Her grip was steel, but Ryoka never moved. The Wind Runner met the visored glare.
“I’m not your enemy. This is a mistake. I’m going to sort this out.”
And get closer to what Erin needs. Her heart was pounding so loud in her chest, she barely heard the whine of the air moving. The golden sigils were moving about, opening a portal across the world.
True magic. Grand magic. She saw the air split. In the distance, there was shouting, the ring of steel. Tyrion?
He was too slow. Even with proper time to activate the scroll, unlike the Horn’s desperate flight from the Village of the Dead, it was barely fifteen seconds as the predetermined coordinates activated the magic.
The world split in half, and Ryoka felt herself and the [Knight] being carried into a world apart. A world where distance lost its meaning. They began to flicker out of reality for a heartbeat—
