8.33 R
Page 41
The Wind Runner charged, blade raised. It shone, without magic. The wind blew, though she had cast no spells. A young woman charged by the King of Faeries. Who had gone to lands before. Three worlds. She swung the sword. The Faeblade struck something in the air, a weapon of the future.
…And shattered. The pieces cascaded around Ryoka Griffin. She froze.
“No—”
Something struck her. A huge claw pinned her to the ground. A voice roared, monumental, far vaster than the previous voice, but the same tone, just deepend, magnified.
“Enough!”
The wind turned off. The room was suddenly silent. Unseen, high overhead, Ryoka felt a gust blast down. Rancid, foul.
Breath. Not hot, but acrid. She gasped, but her chest was compressed, her ribs screaming. She had thought…had…but she was right. She muttered it again.
“Dragon. Dragon.”
There were few coincidences. And this—this was the thing of stories. The fae. Ryoka grinned. She laughed. Then the voice echoed again.
“Dragon. Dragon? DRAGON? Did you just call me a petty, worthless, arrogant Dragon?”
A voice roared in her ears, so loudly that her bones shook. Ryoka froze. But—but she thought—
A figure began to appear, the air rippling. Sammial tried to look up and passed out, falling unconscious as some magic struck him. Ryoka saw, nigh four hundred feet overhead, something begin to appear.
Far larger than Teriarch. Yet…nowhere near as broad across. A long shape. Sinuous. Like a…a…
Snake?
No. Ryoka realized what it was as Rhisveri, the true Rhisveri Zessoprical, appeared. ‘Duke’ of Ailendamus, the glorious kingdom on the rise.
It all made sense. Ryoka thought back to one meeting. One…little meeting, not so long ago. When she had met Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui. Her eyes traced the huge, coiled form, up, up, towards jade-green eyes, glowing with fury.
‘I came for my half-kin who still walk this world’.
She had thought Sikeri meant Teriarch. Yet—think of it a different way. Time. Prophecy. Ryoka Griffin muttered. The very same words she had spoken to that damn fae. That fugitive who lived in the lands of the fae.
“I have met one of your kin, milady Sikeri’val.” 
“I know.”
So she named him, as the figure swept her up. Kindred to them. Half-kin, perhaps. Yet all the same, the great, sinuous cousin of Dragons bent down as the Wind Runner whispered.
“Wyrm.”
Rhisveri halted. The vast Wyrm appeared, his scales flashing. Not obsidian or purple like Sikeri’s had been, but a brilliant, even beautiful jade, like his eyes. His underbelly shone pale white, and his vast eyes, slitted, flicked down to Ryoka.
Confused. Enraged. Curious. He sniffed long, as his body, which ran around the room, armored walls of flesh, coiled inwards. The Wind Runner met his gaze. Rhisveri snarled.
“Correct. What are you? How do you…?”
He sniffed her again. Recoiled. Sniffed.
“A Dragon. Of course. Which one! And…”
He turned curious.
“…Is that a female Wyrm I smell? But they’re all…”
Ryoka Griffin stared up at him as the claw lifted. She looked up as Rhisveri recoiled, and then rubbed the top of his massive head against his scales. Like someone smoothing hair on his head. Her jaw tried to dislocate.
Sometimes you thought you were the protagonist of every story. The lead in a comedic romance you really didn’t want.
Rhisveri stared at Ryoka. He hesitated.
“Why are you covered in mating pheromones?”
Sometimes, it turned out…you were the [Matchmaker].
 
 
Author’s Note: Did you see that coming?
