8.33 R
Page 35
Hethon and Sammial scooted forwards to the warm fire, their stomachs filled by snacks brought out, hot milk. They sat on the carpet as they listened to Ryoka’s low voice, echoing around the room.
She could be proud of that. Ryoka spoke until her voice was hoarse. She sipped from potions, accepted wine, and told the story.
Whatever else might be done after this—she had told them of Arthur. Not just of his heroism, but the way she saw it. The boy who accepted the crown for the good of his people. She was satisfied; there were not many tears, but it moved them. Tyrion Veltras himself listened, his face going distant as she spoke of Arthur’s sacrifice, his loss.
So ended the first day Ryoka Griffin truly spent in House Quellae’s manor, as a true guest, not an invalid, flighty runner or target of [Matchmakers]. She lay down in the soft bedding and fell asleep, content. Even smiling.
It was, as Pellmia would later say over breakfast the next day, one of the best guest experiences he’d ever had. And he was the host.
Ryoka was just a bit proud of that. She saw her friends, and the busybodies interested in amusing matchmaking looking at her differently the next day. As if Ryoka had made it harder to shove her into a closet with Tyrion.
Well, as if she were a person, not an interesting diversion. Ryoka Griffin stood taller. She smiled. She exchanged farewells with Alevica, who went off with a lot of looted food, and Charlay, who had a job from Lady Desinee, much to her delight.
“I don’t know where she comes from, but she is a fascinating girl.”
Keireen remarked to Pellmia in private as Ryoka took sword-lessons from Tyrion, let Sammial ‘jump’ from the mansion with a worried Jericha watching, and walked about the orchard. They came back with a basket full of cherries, and Pellmia smiled.
“Yes. Quite. Every time I think I won’t be surprised…well now. There is the Courier, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt.”
Keireen peered at Ryoka, and laughed and nodded. Ryoka was beginning to fit her title.
They got a second, almost full day out of it. A day where the world was not right in many places, but Ryoka Griffin just relaxed, content to take the moment for once. By nightfall, she was joking over dinner with the others, and writing replies to Lyonette, who had confirmed Fetohep’s words.
Ryoka was waiting for Magnolia’s response, and anticipating Valeterisa’s arrival tomorrow with some dread. She turned in, composing ways to tell Magnolia without telling her if she wanted clarification or…figure out what to do. Night fell over House Quellae.
Then Ailendamus attacked.
As Ryoka had known they would.
 
—-
 
“To arms! To arms! Lizardfolk!”
The roar was one sound over the din of explosions, horses screaming, people screaming, and the ringing of metal on metal. Lord Setth pointed at the figures.
“Lizardfolk? Are you mad, man? They’re Centaurs!”
Buscrei screamed back. She loosed an arrow and saw a Centaur fall. Setth grimly placed himself at one of the doors. He realized what it was at the same time as his cousin and they chorused.
“Illusion spells!”
It didn’t matter who, in truth. They came out of the orchards, nearly four hundred of them. Quellae had raised the alarm scant minutes before the forces arrived.
They were definitely mounted. Even under whatever Skill or spell it was, Buscrei didn’t think the now-Dullahans could move that fast. She saw them as huge, striding shapes, but when she loosed an arrow, she saw the shapes change to a prone Garuda and a running cow.
