8.33 R
Page 13
“Since you’re safe inside, I suppose we now have to figure out where those damned spells are coming from. I’ll contact some friends who know magic. Maybe it’s a trick. It seems like spells, but if it’s actually an arrow or some Skill…”
Ryoka sat in her rooms, feeling alive. She stretched, actually did a workout indoors, grateful for the ability to walk and move without bleeding sweat. Yes, she decided, it was time.
“I’ve had it up to here with whoever that is. I need…to figure this out.”
So she sat on the ground, and thought. Mystery assailant. She had to identify who her foe was, defend herself, and resolve the situation or she’d never help Erin and Mrsha.
The thing was…Ryoka thought she had the first one down pat. Well, it wasn’t hard deducing who was calling her ‘thief’. The exact who was a problem, but where?
“Fuck. I’m in trouble.”
Ryoka said it loudly just as Sammial, Hethon, Jericha, and Tyrion stopped by her door. Sammial instantly turned to Jericha.
“She says it! Why can’t I?”
Ryoka turned in her seat. She blushed as Jericha groaned and Lord Tyrion paused.
“Uh…”
“Miss Griffin. Lord Veltras asked to speak with you. Lords Hethon, Sammial—”
“Stop making me go away! I want to talk to Ryoka!”
Sammial instantly began to pitch a fit. Tyrion turned to him, frowning, and Ryoka interrupted.
“I don’t mind. Unless…I haven’t thanked you, Lord Tyrion.”
There were a lot of reasons why they wanted to talk, and Ryoka felt the weight of her debt growing heavier. Yet Tyrion Veltras just stood there, awkwardly, until she offered him a seat by her bed.
“I wished to inquire about your situation, Miss Griffin. With respect to your privacy, I had not asked. Given the situation…”
The Veltras’ watched Ryoka squirm with some resignation by this point. The Wind Runner’s secrecy about almost all aspects of her life was as frustrating as it was intriguing.
However, Ryoka Griffin herself knew that it couldn’t last. She nodded slowly, avoiding Tyrion and Jericha’s eyes. She looked down at Sammial—he was giving her a hawk-glare, refusing to blink.
Ryoka sighed.
“I should have told you. I’m sorry—it’s just that I didn’t want to involve you and here we are. I’m…in a bit of trouble. Someone’s after me. I don’t actually know who, but I know why. I uh…”
This was hard. Ryoka forced past it. She still squirmed, a bit.
“—It started with the party at Riverfarm.”
“It seems many things began there.”
Jericha murmured. Lord Tyrion glanced at her, surprised by the interjection, and she blushed. Ryoka thought that was funny; Jericha was as close to a mother as the two boys got. But not quite. She glanced at Jericha and nodded, deliberately.
“Right. A lot happened there I can’t talk about. Really…I promised. But one of the things was…well, a lot happened. I went places.”
“You are so vague. Stop being vague.”
Sammial stared at Ryoka. She turned even redder as Tyrion snapped.
“Sammial Veltras. Control your tongue.”
“I stole something. Well, I tried to steal something.”
Ryoka blurted it out at last. The other four turned to her. Alevica and Charlay, listening outside the window, gasped.
Everyone inside stopped. They peered at the window, and saw a head rise, duck down, and Alevica’s whisper.
“You idiotic—”
They ran for it, Charlay galloping off. Ryoka rubbed at her face. Tyrion regarded her.
“You stole something?”
“I tried to. My friend…it’s very complicated. I was trying to steal something that would—you know my friend, Erin Solstice? There was something we were trying to get.”
“Because she’s a block of ice?”
