8.33 R
Page 31
The linen floated—then caught on the sword, it was flung to the ground in a little tangle of fabric. Everyone else stared at the slightly dirty, white cloth.
It was not cut. Tyrion and Jericha turned to Ryoka. The Wind Runner blinked, then turned to Sammial.
“So? Think they’re not cool now?”
Sammy’s mouth was so wide open he could have swallowed both footwraps. The Wind Runner laughed at him.
She laughed. Her teeth flashed and her face lit up. Ryoka Griffin’s darker skin and black hair stood out among the other Humans. Even Charlay. When she laughed, though, she was like everyone else.
Her green eyes lit up. She stood, barefoot, as tall as the long-legged Veltras family, and laughed. Sammial began grinning himself, with awe at the footwraps. Jericha and Tyrion were surprised, but they smiled too.
This felt…good. Hethon looked up for a second.
It had been too long, so long that moments like this felt almost unfamiliar. But Tyrion himself chuckled, looking at the footwraps ruefully and at his own sword. Too long, but oh, how the two boys longed for this.
A better moment than silent dinners, without Tyrion many nights. Laughter, from both adults and children. Ryoka Griffin caught her breath after a moment.
“Invincible footwraps!”
That set off another round of laughter. Jericha began giggling, and it was so extraordinary that she blushed, but everyone laughed harder.
“A sword that cuts everything but magic and footwraps stronger than armor. If you could use that sword—”
“Or if I were a [Martial Artist], or [Kickboxer]…what a waste!”
Ryoka’s greatest weapons were weird as she was. She calmed down after a moment, and nodded ruefully.
“At least I know they’re tough.”
Then Hethon spoke up.
“They’re so strange.”
He was kneeling, staring down at the footwraps on all fours. Peering at it. Well, that was obvious. Yet something about the way the young man said it…Ryoka stopped chuckling.
“They are odd. But good.”
Hethon nodded distractedly.
“No. I mean…”
His face drew closer to the wraps, which did smell a bit of feet and dirt. They weren’t clean; they were smudged and used. Jericha bent down.
“Lord Hethon, they aren’t clean. I could have them washed…”
He didn’t reply. He bent lower, frowning.
“So weird. Father. Father, do you see it? Look.”
Tyrion Veltras raised his brows. He squatted down and Sammial crowded around.
“I don’t get it. They smell of feet.”
The boy complained after a moment, but his father wasn’t so quick to dismiss them. He frowned.
“I…are you seeing something, Hethon?”
“Yes. Right there.”
Hethon pointed. Lord Tyrion leaned forwards until his nose was practically touching the footwraps and began squinting. Ryoka stopped. Jericha?
Jericha was concerned.
“My lord…Lord Hethon…”
They were so close their breath was moving the cloth. Far too close to a piece of footwear for her comfort.
She wanted to say, ‘please stop staring at a bunch of dirty linen recently covering Ryoka’s feet.’ Or, if she was more honest, ‘please let this not be an undiscovered fetish’. Then again…it would explain far too much.
That wasn’t what Hethon and Tyrion were staring at. Rather, it was Hethon.
His…eyes. Tyrion glanced at his son, and then strained his own gaze to see.
Some of House Veltras had eyes like hawks. Buscrei had peerless vision that could magnify itself. Hethon? Hethon had, on his first tilting attempt, hit a moving target at extreme speed.
He had also seen…something…when even the other [Mages] hadn’t during the magical war in the air. Jericha gazed at the son of House Veltras and her lips moved at the same time as Tyrion.
“His eyes.”
