8.33 R
Page 3
Ryoka opened her hand. Raised a finger. Then three. Added another one after a moment. Another three for good measure. Then two more and realized she needed more fingers…Jericha stared at Ryoka, especially since it was clear Ryoka was serious.
Let’s see. It could be Persua, damn her. It would be just like her to hire a curse-specialist. Or it could be Az’kerash. Eye in the sky? Maybe. Or whoever I stole from. That’s my biggest bet since they said ‘thief’, but it could also be any of the six…enemies. Or Belavierr. Or, frankly, an angry fae like that Wyrm. Or…
She had a bad feeling she knew who it was.
“I uh…think it might be a new mortal enemy. Someone I don’t know. I’m…in a bit of trouble.”
“So I gather. Does this relate to the voice I heard claiming you stole something, Miss Griffin? It referred to you as ‘thief’.”
Jericha had reached the same conclusion Ryoka had. The Courier bit her lip. She squirmed, once again not wanting to give away anything.
To her great surprise, Jericha just sighed.
“I shall let the matter rest. For now—his lordship has returned, with a magic-user who might be able to help you. I also understand another specialist has come, a friend of yours.”
“A friend of mine?”
Ryoka Griffin was confused. She had friends? She craned her neck as two people came to see her.
“…Lupp?”
 
—-
 
Five days was a long time. Or a short time if you considered geography, and the distances involved. Tyrion Veltras, at top speed, could make it to First Landing and back in that time, and even then, only because his quarry had ridden out to meet him.
By the same token, five days was still not enough for Riverfarm to send their experts. So they’d called on an expert in the area.
“Hey, Ryoka! I came as fast as I could! Look who I bro—oh, no, are you dead?”
Charlay trotted into the room and did a double-take as soon as she saw Ryoka. The Courier gave her a frog-like expression. It switched to the [Witch] rubbing at her rear and waddling in.
“Next time I’ll damn well fly. But no, Mavika just had to mess with my broom.”
“I carried you all the way here, Alevica!”
The [Witch] scowled mightily.
“I want a saddle.”
“Don’t be horrible. Ryoka, look! Alevica’s here to help!”
The Witch Runner and Dustrider Charlay both appeared like some fever vision in front of Ryoka. Alevica? Ryoka stared at the [Witch] as she clinically inspected Ryoka.
“Hm. Wow. That’s ugly. Yeah, she’s definitely cursed.”
“You can tell, Runner Alevica?”
Ryoka saw a man, a bit less stiff than the wooden door he was standing next to, look down at Ryoka. Actually…there was an entire crowd out there.
Some people, like Lady Buscrei, were also a mystery. Lord Pellmia? Well, this was his land. Lord Swey? Lady Desinee El?
The Solstice-effect was someone like Fetohep calling Kevin out of the blue to send a message from beyond the grave that Erin was only ‘mostly dead’.
The Ryoka-effect seemed to be a bunch of people Ryoka knew watching her get hurt. Popcorn optional.
“Oof. She looks like a marsh bird I shot and lost in the swamps. Washed up six days later, looking a bit like that.”
Lady Buscrei was chomping down on a lovely peach. Betta, Pellmia’s daughter, gave Lady Buscrei a horrified look.
“Lady Oswen!”
“What? It’s true.”
Buscrei leaned back in the rich, wood corridors of Pellmia’s mansion, the estates of House Quellae. It lay a stone’s throw away from the vast, bountiful trees laden with the summer harvest.
