8.33 R
Page 29
“Okay, maybe it’s the wrong place. Try again. And this time don’t—”
She gulped as Alevica performed the spell again. Hethon and Jericha winced. Everyone else saw Ryoka stop mid-sentence. And then she turned pale. She scrabbled at her throat and tried to stop—
Too late. Ryoka opened her mouth and belched out a frog, which landed wetly on the ground before it began to dissipate. She gagged and Alevica took another long drink.
“Ooh, another failure. Want to try again? I’ve got lots of hexes. Genital warts? I can do those too, permanent as well.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka did not end up with permanent warts. However, six unpleasant hexes later, she learned that her footwraps…did not protect her from hexes.
Good to know. She sat with them on the ground. Nama’s great gift might actually have been…footwraps…
Ryoka rubbed at her forehead. She knew it was stupid to expect every little thing to have an ulterior feature like perfect magical protection, but it would have been nice. She stared at the footwraps for a long time.
“I know they’re powerful. Even Jericha saw it. Right, Jericha?”
There was a slight sound. Ryoka’s head rose. She turned.
“I know you’re there, Jericha. And you, Hethon.”
She’d spotted them following her around. Even so, Ryoka had to do a double-take as Hethon, Sammial, Jericha, and Tyrion all appeared. Pellmia and Keireen had joined Alevica and Leireit in having a drink of their wine.
“Ah. Miss Ryoka. I was passing by.”
Tyrion Veltras turned into even more of a statue as everyone turned to look at him. Ryoka looked at him, eyes wide, then recalled the [Lord] was still actively trying to court her. She glanced at the window, but decided against bailing out of it.
“…I just wanted to know what you were doing. Are those magical footwraps?”
Hethon answered after a look at his father. Ryoka shrugged, tiredly.
“They should be. I just…I don’t know.”
“They’re strange.”
Hethon muttered. He stared at the footwraps. Jericha agreed, absently.
“They are powerful magically, Miss Griffin. The most powerful magical item on you. Not conventionally, but significant.”
“What does that mean, Jericha?”
Tyrion was intrigued. So was Ryoka. The [Mage] fiddled with her spectacles.
“Potency, not mana. I would describe it as…the keenness of a blade’s edge, not how large it is. Some objects and people are noticeable for the quantity of mana in them. It is a standard way of measuring power. This? It is powerful, but some [Mages] might not recognize it as such.”
“Interesting. That makes sense…they’re uh, a gift. From my travels. Someone powerful gave it to me. A friend named Nama.”
Part of the reason Ryoka might be so leery of giving away information was how people like Jericha treated it. The woman instantly went to note that down, and stopped as Tyrion glanced at her reprovingly.
“Do they possess any unique powers?”
“I don’t think you can break them. But they clearly don’t stop me from being hexed. At least, generally. Maybe I could block a spell with them?”
“I could cast a minor one if you would risk it.”
Jericha offered. Ryoka shrugged.
“Go ahead.”
The woman promptly cast a teensy jet of flame at the wrappings. They failed to scorch the fabric. When Ryoka held it out for her, Jericha shot a bolt of lightning which dissipated onto the bindings. Tyrion offered his enchanted belt knife.
“I would dislike damaging the wrappings. Perhaps, though…?”
He carefully sawed at an edge, then, when it failed to leave a mark, cut with more force. Nothing. Ryoka smiled. That was reassuring, at least.
