8.33 R
Page 17
“How bad is it at Wistram?”
That was the only thing she could think of. Teriarch harumphed.
“As you would not believe. [Mages] who forget true magic, who infight rather than using Wistram’s power like it should be. Did you hear about the Death of Chains emerging? Not that I’d blame her for taking a shot at Roshal, but that’s another threat. And Khelt destabilizing Chandrar.”
“Yes, but—I mean, about Khelt—”
Ryoka stammered. This…this wasn’t like Teriarch at all. Using Wistram’s power? What was his entire lecture about neutrality and…?
“What about Khelt, my dear? I’m working on all issues, don’t you worry. Establish power here—then we’ll sort out the issues one at a time. Earthers—that’s what they call your people—first. We’ll gather them up. You should join them; we can do better good with all the resources at hand, and protect them. I’d rather train your people than let Wistram use them like bartering chips. A shame what happened to your friend, but as I said, I’ll look at her. Khelt?”
“…No. I just saw it in the news, too. I um. This thing about my attacker came after the Summer Solstice. You remember, Eldavin?”
“Your guests or some such? Oh, what mischief did you get up to now?”
Ryoka slowly stared at the stone. Her spine began to prickle. Something was…very wrong.
“Oh, you know. The regular, with Ivolethe.”
“Who? One of your friends?”
“Y—yeah.”
Ryoka felt something icy grab her. Who was she talking to? What had happened to—
What had Wistram done? Replaced him? Had they found out? Had—
“Nevermind that, my dear. Let’s sort it out, one at a time, I’d better tell Valeterisa what’s up. Did you say you were still under attack?”
Somehow, Ryoka managed to communicate the facts. Just the facts, to Eldavin. He…spoke like Teriarch. He acted like Teriarch, but in a few different ways.
Firstly, as if he didn’t remember Ivolethe. Second? He was far too energetic. Third, he was far too…involved in the affairs he kept talking about. A faction? His plans? He sounded—ambitious.
That didn’t fit Teriarch at all. Yet everything else was there! Including his immediate insistance she go outside so he could sort this out.
“Just walk outside. Someone’s taking shots at you via long-distance spells? Hah. Aha. We’ll see about that.”
By now, Ryoka Griffin had a small crowd watching her stand in the hallway. Tyrion marched over with his shield, frowning.
“Ryoka, what is…?”
“My—Grand Magus Eldavin, from Wistram, says he thinks he can stop the attacks.”
He blinked at her. Jericha saw Sir Leireit’s head snap around.
“Did she just say…? I heard there was a half-Elf crashing around in Wistram!”
“That’s her patron. I don’t know how the hell she got him.”
Alevica folded her arms. Ryoka Griffin covered the stone. Her heart was pounding.
“I’m going to step out.”
“Then I shall accompany you. Just in case the attempt fails.”
Tyrion announced at once. Buscrei and the others went to watch from a safe window. Eldavin’s voice snapped from the speaking stone, muffled.
“We have a scrying spell on the area. Who’s that idiot who suggested that this would fail?”
Ryoka muted the stone with a finger. Then she looked at Jericha.
“I just…I just need to do something before I go out.”
“It’s perfectly safe, my dear.”
Eldavin unmuted the stone of his own accord. Ryoka jumped, swore, and fished around in her pocket. Without a word, she wrote something down and handed it to Jericha. And then she went to walk out the door.
The [Mage] looked at the note. She stared at it.
 
