8.33 R
Page 39
“No! You can’t have her! I command it! Ryoka!”
She heard a familiar voice. Her eyes widened.
“Sammial, no—”
A little boy charged out of the thicket. The [Infiltrators] and [Knights], focused on the [Lord] rampaging towards them, hadn’t even spotted the non-threat. He charged past a pair of gauntleted hands that tried to grab him. Ryoka thrust a hand out, but the [Knight] was dragging her back.
“No—”
He grabbed her leg. Ryoka Griffin’s cry cut off. Tyrion Veltras burst into the clearing as the warriors fell back just to see his son and Ryoka Griffin—
Vanish.
The remaining three warriors looked at the spot where Ryoka and Sammial had been. One of them spoke a single curse.
That was not…good. Disastrous. 
It was just well that no one knew who they were.
 
—-
 
Ryoka froze, mid-transit. So did Sammial, and the [Knight]. They were spun into the aether, like two-dimensional figures in a three-dimensional world. Only, with more dimensions.
Ryoka felt it. It was…familiar. Familiar, but she still wanted to scream. To throw up as she was twisted in ways she should not have been.
It was a moment of transit. Probably only a second. It stretched into infinity because Ryoka was, unfortunately, able to process the experience, even in a limited way.
It just added to her suffering.
She screamed, or tried to, as the moment stretched and she felt the world around her breaking.
Something…was wrong.
This was taking longer than it should. Ryoka felt it first, but even Sammial and the [Knight] began to sense it.
They cried out, but sound was strange here. What was happening? Something was wrong. Something was—
Ryoka saw something in this space, this world, moving with them. It was the only real thing. It was…
A pair of people. They materialized out of the whirling confusion, almost as confused. Then—Ryoka saw them.
A vast being of ideas and magic barely constrained by mortal form. A glowing woman, a rainbow of colors bearing a sword and shield that remained constant.
A half-Elf, shining with magic, her body half-destroyed, yet shining like a beacon of mana.
They were travelling the same way! And—astonished as the three mortals.
“Someone else is using [Greater Teleport]? Significant—”
Ryoka Griffin locked eyes with the Death of Magic. Silvenia. The Death of Chains herself was shouting as the dimension twisted her being. Yet the half-Elf [Archmage] moved, keeping herself…real…somehow. She grinned at Ryoka.
Then pointed. The Wind Runner saw a flash—then the [Knight] holding her shrieked.
“Ailend—”
She vanished. The ray touched her and she disappeared. It vanished into the whirling confusion. Silvenia shifted aim. At Ryoka and Sammial.
“No—”
Ryoka shouted, but she couldn’t dodge. There was no air here! No—
“SILVENIA.”
The Death of Chains grabbed the half-Elf’s hand. She was staring at Ryoka, and the cuffs on Ryoka’s wrists. Chains. At Sammial. The boy clung to Ryoka’s leg, eyes wide. Silvenia snarled. She took aim again and the Death of Chains roared—
They parted. The world didn’t tear them apart; rather, it pulled them back into reality. Ryoka saw light, the rule of gravity and—
She stumbled. The Wind Runner fell to her knees, onto an intricate pattern of marble tiles. She heard Sammial screaming, the roar of magic exploding around her as the scroll blasted itself apart. Then…shouts of horror.
“Dead gods, Dame Eclizza! What has she—”
Blood and pieces of armor and flesh rained down around Ryoka and Sammial. The [Knight]. Ryoka heard voices, the ring of steel, and then a voice, booming above it all.
