8.33 R
Page 24
“Well? They have a theatre in Invrisil and I’m told one just opened in Pallass! First Landing loves them, and that means they’re the darlings of the city. Have you heard of the autographs? I suppose a Courier would. There’s even talk of them touring Terandria and other major cities! Although between you and me, the sea voyages are disgusting unless you get the best ships that can do it in under a week…”
The man beamed at Ryoka as she stared at him, all glittering delight in being the person to know about the hottest thing with the other nobles who hadn’t visited the big city in a while. Even Buscrei and the others were interested. Ryoka didn’t know how to break it to the man, so she coughed.
“I ah, do know about the Players of Celum. I’ve seen a number of their plays, actually. Back when they were in Invrisil and Liscor. Actually…I know the person who helped them start.”
“Truly?”
Leireit was astounded. Pellmia, who had been smoothing his chin and trying to hide a smile, burst out with it as well.
“We actually had the honor of seeing Jasi, Wesle, and the rest at Riverfarm. A personal play. Isn’t that right, Desinee?”
“The Players of Celum? I believe I have a collection of autographs. Indeed. Quite charming. I should like to see them…again. To see how they’ve settled in.”
The [Sorcerer]’s puffed-up chest deflated, rather like the Plumed Inflemril losing wind.
That was a bird from Bird’s Column in the Liscorian Gazette. Ryoka knew that because she’d bought a copy of the newspaper when she’d last visited. Bird’s silly little column was a daily write-up.
She fetched it out now, to prove to the incredulous Leireit that the Players of Celum had once been a regular in Liscor. The little ad convinced him.
“And here I thought I was bringing news and you all saw an exclusive? I’m…simply embarrassed. You’ll be the envy of First Landing if you have personal autographs, Lady Desinee.”
“Really?”
The woman’s eyes glittered. The other nobility looked interested too—one-upping their peers was always fun.
Somehow, Charlay missed the [Lady] part, having trotted off to a restroom. She clattered back into the conversation.
“Autographs? I have some!”
She waved a few in Leireit’s face from the party in Riverfarm. The [Sorcerer] gaped up at the slightly worn cardboard card.
“Is that a kiss from Jasi on it? I will pay you—no, I’ll trade you a wand for—what are you doing waving that around? You should have a stasis spell on it! Do you know how hard those are to get?”
Leireit instantly latched onto the autograph. Charlay triumphantly waved it over his head.
The fortunes of the Players continued to rise. Ryoka smiled, genuinely happy about that. She saw Alevica looking very distressed.
“What’s wrong, Alevica?”
“…I didn’t get one of those damn things. I didn’t know it was worth money.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin knew the Players of Celum. In fact, her signature was probably worth ten thousand Flairs of Esteem. It was just another fascinating thing about her.
The power of someone who travelled. It wasn’t unique to her; most Couriers could boast of the same thing. When you worked for powerful people, you could often say, ‘oh yes, I know them’. Call upon favors…
Charlay and Alevica were both City Runners because they had not broken through to the next level, yet. However, that night, one of them came a bit closer to that point, albeit through connections, not speed.
