8.33 R
Page 7
Everyone stared as Ryoka caught herself. Her strength was back in a moment! Her head felt clear, she could move and stand—even her skin had regained some of its regular color! Ryoka stared at Leireit.
“You did it?”
Even Tyrion hadn’t expected success so fast. Leireit rose to his feet, swearing as he felt at his back. Then he raised his arms in victory.
“That’s a Level 40 [Sorcerer] for you! Hah! I’m levelling tonight! Fetch the wine! Fetch the pretty ladies! Er, those that think I’m quite impressive, not the ladies of bought company.”
Ryoka just looked at her hands, blown away. Level 40…?
“That actually worked? String me up and paddle my ass!”
Buscrei had snorted water all out of her nose onto the grass. Charlay nodded, jaw open.
“Yeah, y—wait, what did you say?”
“What did she say?”
Hethon and Sammial both turned around too, though they hadn’t said that. Everyone took a moment. Buscrei glanced around.
“Oswen tradition. It’s a bunch of fun. See, you draw lots and—”
“Such idiotic activities.”
“Who said that? I don’t make fun of idiots jumping off cliffs!”
Lord Swey, the [Lord] who lived on a plateau, raised his hands, frowning.
“Not me. I thought it was Pellmia.”
“Not me. Who said—”
Then they all froze. It was there again. The same voice.
“Damned [Sorcerers]. Do you really think you can get away? Stay right there.”
“Oh, you have got to be kidding—”
Buscrei whirled, but there was no one in sight. Ryoka was leaping and laughing about, going over to help Leireit up.
“Ryoka! Watch out! It’s—”
Too late. A hole opened up in the sky. And guess what flashed down towards Ryoka?
Crimson lightning. Ryoka Griffin looked up just in time to see it stabbing down at her. Her immediate thought mirrored everyone else’s.
Again? That was just so unf—
She couldn’t dodge it. It shot down at, well, the speed of lightning. Or close. [Lightning Bolt] and such spells were a bit slower than actual lightning, which was so fast as to be instantaneous, which was why anyone had a chance of dodging them.
Even so. Ryoka was flat-footed and it was faster than she was, even with the wind. She stumbled, hands going for her side.
“No—”
The lightning touched the glowing shield, and a word written upon that famous crest glowed. The sigil of forests and beasts. One of the Five Families of old:
Veltras.
It bounced, ricocheting off, and hit a tree which promptly dropped all its apples, and then exploded. Lord Tyrion whirled his heirloom up, his sword in the other hand.
Only one man in the gathering could move that fast. There was a curse from above in a tongue Ryoka had never heard.
“You little pests! You will not get away, [Thief]—”
A second bolt of red lightning flew down, but this time it was blocked by a barrier in the skies. Ryoka and Tyrion whirled; Keireen, Pellmia’s wife, had lifted a hand.
“[Safety of the Home]. Inside!”
They ran, well, the target did. Jericha lurched to her feet after Tyrion, who shielded Ryoka as they charged inside. There was a split in the sky. A wrathful eye—
Lady Buscrei aimed her recurve bow straight up at it.
“[Counter Fire]. [Arc Arrows]. [Splinter Arrowheads]!”
She launched a volley of arrows into the air, looked up, and cursed.
“Damn. [Counter Fire] didn’t take. Worth a shot.”
The hole in the sky closed as fast as it had opened, cutting short a shout of frustration. Calmly, Buscrei aimed about, as Lord Swey, Pellmia, and the other warriors drew their blades. Hethon and Sammial didn’t see what happened next; Jericha had grabbed them and hurried them inside.
However, it was certainly exciting. And Ryoka was cured. So there was that.
