8.33 R
Page 0

(It is the 5th Anniversary of The Wandering Inn, and in celebration (or something), Book 4: Winter Solstice is out on Audible, and as an e-book on Amazon! Also! Diana Gill’s Q&A from the Discord server can be found here!)
 
When they had first met, Hethon Veltras’ savior had not looked the part. Nor was he, sick, feverish, able to appreciate it.
What he remembered, in between [Healers] telling him to drink the vial in sips and feeling a rush of life, his fever breaking in less than ten minutes, was the bloody young woman they brought in. His father himself carried her in, but did not stay long; he went to hunt the other [Assassins].
Ryoka Griffin had not seemed like the person who saved his life, unconscious, head lolling. However, when Hethon thought of the moment now, something struck him.
Not then. Nor during the battle at the Village of the Dead…nor during the party with the strange guests in Riverfarm had he ever seen Ryoka Griffin shed tears.
She had taken terrible wounds. At other times, she had not wept; she hadn’t been hurt, but some moments had seemed just as dire. Her friends had never come out of the Village of the Dead, and Hethon had heard [Soldiers] weeping for fallen friends. Old and young, men and women. His father had told him, when he first saw it, never to belittle them.
You wept when you were hurt, or lost something precious. Although a [Lord] shed tears in private. Perhaps that was why Hethon had never seen his father weep; he took his own advice.
Even when the crimson lightning struck her out of the skies, Ryoka Griffin didn’t cry. She was unconscious, but in the days thereafter, she didn’t weep, even when her sweat ran with her own blood. It had to hurt, and she could barely crawl.
No tears. Of course, he didn’t think of it. Jericha and his father didn’t weep. Ullim didn’t really weep, except on the anniversary of his mother’s death and other times. He had seen Jericha once save him from cutting his hand when his belt knife slipped.
The blade had cut her right down to her tendons and she’d just made sure he was alright before tending to her wounds. Ryoka Griffin was cut of the same cloth, in Hethon’s mind.
He saw Ryoka weeping now, four days after she had been bedridden. She sat, shoulders shaking.
The two brothers of House Veltras found her in bed. The bleeding from every pore had stopped, but she was white as a sheet. The [Healer] took no credit; the man just told Hethon’s father, in private, that the spell was there to make Ryoka suffer, not kill her.
Lord Tyrion was out again, consulting another [Healer] or [Mage]. He’d ridden to First Landing itself this time. Hethon and Sammial were always checking on Ryoka. They’d found her like this.
“Miss—Ry—”
Hethon couldn’t get the words out. He didn’t know what to say. Sammial had run off to find Jericha or Ullim, and Hethon was rooted there, unable to do anything, but unwilling to run while Ryoka wept. That was the difference between the two.
He saw her shoulders shaking. She could barely sit up; the pillows piled behind her steadied the huge, gulping sobs. She kept trying to suppress them, and that just made them more painful.
“…doing…what…”
Hethon heard her voice. She was holding something. He edged closer, ashamed, curious, and heard what she was saying.
“What am I doing? Why am I here? She needs me. They…why…”
She made a bubbling sound. Wiped at her messy nose. It was not pretty crying, after all. Hethon didn’t know why.
