8.33 R
Page 36
Mounted warriors. They still fell. But…she ducked as an arrow thunked into the wood by the windowsill.
They were good. They stormed around the mansion, seeking to break in. They might have, for all House Quellae was not undefended. Keireen’s protective Skill couldn’t keep them back for more than a minute and there were some who were clearly high-level.
They might have, but for House Veltras.
The first armored figure burst through one of the windows. He or she whirled, saw a screaming [Housemaid]—and lowered the blade.
“Where is the Courier?”
The figure demanded. The [Housemaid] fled, shrieking, and they cursed. They whirled, sword going up—
Lord Swey grabbed the arm, as the two plowed into a wall. The armored figure cursed and sought to bring the sword down.
“Do not force me to kill you, si—swine!”
The insult didn’t move Swey one way or another. The warrior yanked their arm back—or tried to. They could not.
The [Mountain Lord]’s grip was like a band of steel. And…the warrior stared at their gauntleted arm. They felt the enchanted metal begin to crunch as Swey’s hand closed. The same hands that climbed the cliffs around his home—
More figures were galloping around the sides of the mansion, seeking to break through at another angle. They saw a squad of fourteen figures braced.
“Spears. Watch out—”
Their leader was cautioning the others as they turned. Then they heard a shout.
“[Porcupine’s Onslaught]! [Extended Reach—”
“Dead gods!”
One of the warriors shouted just before a wall of spears struck the warriors off their armored horses. They hit the ground, stunned. Just in time to see House Veltras’ bodyguards charging at them. They’d hit them from nigh on forty feet away! The warriors rose to their feet, drew their blades.
House Veltras’ bodyguards were storming into areas; an entire squad joined Buscrei and began downing warrior after warrior. The attackers were dismayed.
After all, they were [Knights]. Yet they were running into some of Izril’s finest.
Then the [Lord] appeared on horseback with Jericha by his side. He looked around—and pointed.
“There. Take out the commander.”
He rode down on the leader in the field. The [Knight] had to stop himself from saluting, with regret. Their mission was secret.
They had come from far away, over sea, at fastest speed. Failure was not an option—yet they might fail to take the mansion by force. In fact, with each passing second, it seemed more and more grim. Still, the warriors fought on, cloaked by spell, dragging their fallen back.
They just had to buy time.
“Is this Ailendamus? They must be mad! Even if they hide it—”
Pellmia was in the mansion, not sortieing with Tyrion. He longed to, but his wife and family were here. Keireen whirled.
“They’re hiding it. They must not know we know, and even if we do—they’re not trying to kill us. Not yet. Where’s Ryoka?”
The [Lord of Orchards] realized who their target was and cursed his idiocy.
“The guest rooms! To me!”
His bodyguard and Pellmia charged there, but only found an empty room. Armored figures burst through the wall, and Pellmia raised his sword. Where was Ryoka?
The real attackers did not make noise. They slipped into the mansion while House Veltras and Quellae were distracted by the noisy [Knights].
Invisibility spells. Localized teleports. Shadow-jumps.
Half didn’t make it. Veltras’ [Bodyguards] around Hethon and Sammial’s rooms killed a squad appearing there, but Ryoka was not there.
Lady Betta Quellae screamed as one of the figures appeared in front of her. The wand rose. Hesitated. She was a [Lady], and not—
“Betta! [Gorecut Step]!”
