8.33 R
Page 14
Jericha and Tyrion went to round on Sammial, but Hethon had let that one slip. He slapped a hand over his mouth. Ryoka would have ached at that a day ago. Today?
Well, it still hurt, but there was hope, so she almost smiled.
“Yes. Something that could definitely bring her back. I was sure of it. I made…a big mistake. I didn’t steal it.”
“You did not?”
Tyrion was surprised. He half-glanced at her side. Ryoka shook her head. She lifted the hilt of the Faeblade.
“This is a gift. What I stole—was trying to steal—I never got. But I must have been sighted and…sorry. I’m a criminal. So I suppose this isn’t an unprovoked attack so much as…catching a thief.”
She waited for something. Condemnation, anger, what, she didn’t know. Tyrion was still a long moment. Jericha was frowning, trying to guess who Ryoka had stolen from. Sammial was trying to put something together. Ryoka? Naked? No…what had he seen? Something that told him where…
Ryoka wondered if she should tell them. Before she could, Tyrion spoke.
“As Lord of House Veltras, Ryoka Griffin…my stance on thievery has always been clear. It is a crime, and cannot be countenanced under any circumstance. I have told Hethon and Sammial that; if a [Lord] or ruler of a land looks aside, the rule of law topples.”
Ryoka swallowed. Hethon and Sammial looked at their father in shock. Jericha closed her eyes. Oh no. The one man who would probably prosecute a dog for stealing a bone…Tyrion Veltras rose to his feet and looked out the window. Charlay and Alevica, staring from behind a tree, ran away again.
“I cannot countenance it.”
Ryoka nodded miserably. It was still a crime. She began to wallow in the filth of self-flagellation—right up until Tyrion spoke his next words.
“That is my belief. However. When Hethon and Sammial were sick, I thought, if I could steal the cure to their poison…I would have. No matter what the cost or consequence. I would have stolen it. It would have been a crime. Yet I would have done it.”
He glanced over his shoulder. Jericha’s open jaw snapped shut. She had never expected Tyrion to say something like that. Ryoka just blinked.
“I can understand the desire. If you are being pursued, perhaps the offended party can be reimbursed. That you did not steal anything lessens your guilt. As for these attacks? It comes on the land of noble families of Izril. Whoever this is has gone too far. We shall reach an amicable solution if possible, but House Veltras will still support the Wind Runner.”
Sammial and Hethon looked at each other. They pinched each other to make sure they weren’t dreaming. Ryoka stared at Tyrion.
“Uh. Thank you.”
That was…unexpected. Yet what had she thought? Even Tyrion raised an eyebrow.
“Miss Ryoka, I am grateful you chose to confide in us. However, I must ask. Did you believe we would think worse of you for your actions? For being a thief? You are the Courier who saved my sons’ lives.”
She flushed slightly and ducked her head. Ryoka Griffin mumbled.
“No. I mean…not just that. It’s just—”
She searched for words and they tumbled out, another surprise admission in a weird day.
“—it’s just that whoever tries to help me ends up dying or getting hurt. Everyone. And there’s so much that’s happening, I don’t want to pull anyone into it. These huge, important—and if I do something wrong—”
The Courier hesitated. They were all giving her a strange look. Lord Tyrion looked bemused.
“What?”
Jericha was the one who finally came out with it, with an exasperated sigh.
