8.33 R
Page 9
“I’m sorry, that must be a foreign idea to a Courier who goes everywhere.”
“Oh. No. I’m sorry—I haven’t actually visited many coasts until recently. I was around Liscor, and they have lots of fish. No saltwater creatures, though, and it’s only in the spring when it’s fresh.”
“I heard of that. Damndest thing. It rains and makes a basin, doesn’t it? Always wanted to see it…when we weren’t at war. Passed it once when we had the yearly fight, but we had to steer clear of the walls.”
“You mean, the continuation of our war at the Bloodfields, Lord Swey?”
The [Lord] glanced up. Lord Swey, one of the Veltras Family that Ryoka had met, lived on a high plateau of all things. If Buscrei was a [Hunting Lady], in general, not the actual specifics of her class, Lord Swey was a [Mountain Lord]. His people foraged and used the cliffs daily.
It showed. His hands were callused in different ways than regular [Warriors] and he was prying apart oyster shells with his bare fingers instead of a knife.
Tyrion Veltras’ icy glare bounced completely off his squatter cousin. Swey chucked the oyster meat into a bowl, to Desinee’s plain horror. Buscrei had brought out the oysters, and Keireen had been about to let a [Chef] have at it, but instead, Buscrei, Swey, and Setth, the [Lord] who lived in the forest with all the [Druids], had all gathered around and insisted on grilling and preparing the oysters themselves.
It wasn’t bad for House Quellae, and Betta was helping season the oysters as Pellmia saw to a deployment of his house guards. It was astonishing how fast they’d relaxed when it was clear only Ryoka was being targeted.
They had tested it out by having Sir Leireit run around outside, shouting. ‘Hit me, you coward!’ Well, he’d volunteered for it and nothing had happened.
Now they were eating. Cooking for oneself was something Keireen was clearly appalled by. On the other hand, while Tyrion didn’t participate in the grilling and arguing over sauce and whatnot, he was slicing open oysters in a fairly practiced manner with his belt knife.
Sammial and Hethon were watching with great interest. They enjoyed their cousins’ presence, it was clear, and the two boys were mixing a blend of spices, having been deemed too young to handle a sharp blade.
By Jericha, that was. Buscrei had handed them a dagger and told them to try not to cut off a finger. At any rate, Swey calmly answered Tyrion, picking up on the slight tension in the other man’s voice.
“No offense to the main family and the Five Families and whatnot, Tyrion. I went once. Never saw the point. Lots of angry Drakes and those Gnoll people. I’d be as happy to let them stay over there. If they come north, we can rally up.”
“You don’t have an opinion on the sabotage from the [Infiltrators] that came this summer?”
Swey frowned, plucking a hot oyster from the grill.
“Well, that’s bad.”
Tyrion waited. Swey chewed, swallowed, and nudged Buscrei.
“More salt.”
She added a handful. After a few seconds of Tyrion staring, Swey recalled the question.
“What? Oh, yes. Heard about the poor dogs and Gralton and the rest. Let’s retaliate. We voted on that, didn’t we? They throw a punch, we throw one back. But as for the battles…no. Seems like we have that King of Destruction and the Deathless on Rhir to worry about. And that undead fellow…”
He was ticking off problems on his fingers. Ryoka actually forgot her uncomfortableness as she watched. It was tense, which of course made her back prickly, but it was a fascinating insight into a divergence of opinions in one of the Five Families.
