8.33 R
Page 23
“Wonderful! And I should like to do some business of my own. Quellae’s fruits are a lovely gift when I return. First Landing has its amenities, but the countryside is…fresh. Such a beautiful landscape. Mind you, if you should ever come to First Landing or the northern cities, there is a time to be had.”
“Really? What kind?”
The other nobles were chatting. Ryoka saw Sammial and Hethon following the cats around, then glancing at her.
“Ryoka, now you’re better, can we go flying later?”
Sammial eagerly asked. Betta and Gilam looked around; the two younger adults were hovering on the edge of the ‘proper conversation’, although Charlay had her own informal chatter going on.
They were in that uncertain time when they weren’t quite old or authoritative enough to do more than add comments or steer the conversation. Gilam seemed to resent it more than Betta, and he kept glancing at her and Alevica. She supposed a Courier was more interesting and wondered if she should be social and engage them.
“Later, Sammial, I promise.”
Betta drifted over.
“What’s this about flying, Courier Griffin? I do apologize; I am Lady Betta Quellae, and this is my brother, Gilam of House Quellae. We did not have a chance to properly meet before the incident.”
“Oh—please excuse me. And uh, please call me Ryoka?”
That was an inversion of protocol, but Couriers did get to dance on the same field as nobility. Anyways, it made Betta smile. Ryoka was just explaining the flying trick to the two, who were fascinated despite it being ‘childish’, when she heard something catch her ears.
“You haven’t heard? There is the most splendiferous event taking place city-to-city. The Players of Celum. Have you seen them or heard of…?”
“You know, I have. Weren’t they down in Invrisil?”
Sir Leireit was talking to Pellmia and Keireen.
“They were! I didn’t see the plays there—they’ve migrated north. There’s a huge theatre in construction, but the plays are—”
He actually kissed his fingers and flicked them out.
“Beautiful. They’ve taken the north by storm, rather like that Singer of Terandria. Her songs are all over First Landing. Some of the styles aren’t for everyone’s taste—they’ve introduced a noise ordnance law for the young people. However, I can tell you the Players are acclaimed. In fact…here. I have a Flair of Esteem. It might help you gain a ticket…”
“A what, now?”
The [Lord] and [Lady] were quite interested by the fancy little letter, signed by…Ryoka glanced over. Emme?
“It’s one of the ways you can get a special ticket. You see, they’re intensely hard to get! Not the common seats, although there is a queue…but to see the best performance from the best seats or the opportunity to meet them? Nevermind an autograph or [Mage]-picture! I only have a Flair of Esteem—that’s something of a voucher that helps. Of course, one of the Five Families has a better shot at the best tickets. Even so, it might take a month or two.”
“Incredible. Are they that good?”
“There’s sound, blood, and you feel like you’re there, truly.”
“I shouldn’t like to see someone actually be wounded. I’ve seen enough of Pellmia’s blood in his sword practice, thank you.”
Keireen murmured. Leireit hastened to assure her there were comedies as well as the action stuff. Ryoka was astounded.
“The Players are already in First Landing? And they’re doing that well?”
She broke into the conversation. Leireit glanced over, surprised.
