8.33 R
Page 32
It struck the two at the same time. But then Tyrion saw what his son had noticed, that no one, not even Ryoka, had.
The curious qualities of her footwraps. No, not the dirt. Not the fact they’d been on Ryoka’s feet. Rather…here was something interesting.
The footwraps were dirty. But the dirt wasn’t in the cloth. It rode on top of the fabric. The dirt rode on it, but at no point had it ever dug into the thread itself, melding itself with the fabric. That wasn’t uncommon for enchanted clothing, of course, but the stitching was odd too.
Normal fabric had a rather typical weave. Of course, the individual stitching grew quite fine, but there was a logic to how you put together everything from pants to handkerchiefs. The fine skill of sewing had been developed into an art, in fact, a mathematical equation that even non-experts heard now and then.
There were unique derivations, of course. Clever ways to adjust fabric. But this?
Hethon had never seen this kind of stitchwork. At first, it seemed just…interestingly odd. The individual lines of thread, what seemed like just plain, exceptionally high-quality cotton threads without loose fibres were coming together…diagonally. They had a vertical loop through the center, but then the thread disappeared through the other side.
It perplexed Hethon.
Who would bother with this kind of style? Was there a point? It seemed needlessly complex.
Here was where it got odd, though. The linen was tangled up, so you could follow the thread about as it was looped into the seamless cloth. All right and proper, right?
Well…Hethon was having trouble. Sometimes, for fun, he’d watch how a thread continued through cloth. He couldn’t do it, here.
He kept trying to follow the thread as it looped through the fabric and kept…losing it. It went through the diagonal criss-cross, through the fabric…out the back…but where was it?
Hethon could see where another part of thread began. Yet the sewn footwrap weave had no beginning or end. Even at the edges.
“I can’t figure out where it begins. See? It vanishes here and should come through here, but…”
Hethon was pointing to his father. Ryoka and Jericha traded glances.
“I can’t see! Jericha, do something!”
Sammial protested. The woman raised a hand.
“[Magnify Image].”
“Ow!”
Tyrion and Hethon both clapped their hands to their eyes as the view enhanced. Jericha raised her own hands.
“My [Lords], I am so sorry—what is that?”
She saw what they had been staring at before. Ryoka bent down, and saw the magnified stitching. All of them gazed at the fabric, at first confused, then nonplussed, then fascinated. Sammial was the only one who didn’t get it.
“What’s so special about that?”
What was special was…Ryoka’s skin tingled. She knew what this was.
There was no way to complete the loop. It was…an optical illusion, but made into reality. Like the image of a staircase that completed itself such that you could ‘walk’ up it forever. Something that only worked as a trick because there was no way to actually create it in the real world.
“Penrose stairs. An impossible object.”
Ryoka muttered. Tyrion was tracing one line over and over…
“This is impossible. It must be dimensional magic.”
“It is not, Lord Veltras. I am sure I would sense that. And even if I couldn’t…that would mean each time it loops, tens of thousands of times in this fabric, there is a little pocket dimension that—this—this is truly impossible.”
Jericha was unnerved. She looked up—and saw Ryoka’s eyes dancing. Hethon glanced up at the Wind Runner’s smile.
Ryoka was smiling with delight.
“Perspective.”
