8.33 R
Page 27
So Jericha was somehow the better option. Unless, of course, the instructions said something like, ‘hey Ryoka, we’re so glad you helped us with our Dragon problem in the land of the Fae. We know you’re dumb as rocks so here’s instructions on how to turn the sword we gave you into a blaster. Also, we attached cold fusion instructions for you stupid primates.’
…It would not beggar belief. Ryoka covered her face.
“Why is nothing ever easy?”
“Life without trust often is, in my experience.”
“Huh?”
Jericha gave Ryoka another praticed smile.
“Nothing, Miss Griffin. May I help you in any other way today?”
 
—-
 
Ryoka was banging her head on the wall when Hethon peeked in on her in her rooms next. He was beginning to get worried about her.
“How can I forget [Translate] exists? Okay, Ceria only mentioned it once, and I supposed no one needed the spell but…okay. This is fine. I’m fine. This is good!”
She still gave her head a good thwaking for a few more hits. Then she sat down, buried her face in her hands.
“Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay…saving myself from being roasted or blasted by red lightning. Let’s do that instead.”
Hethon wondered what was going to happen now. Jericha had gone off to research a spell at Ryoka’s request, looking quite happy. Something was happening.
The Wind Runner was opening up. Or at least…asking for help, which was the same thing. Perhaps that was why Ryoka hadn’t closed the door to her room as she pulled something out.
“I should have thought of this too. I am so…let’s see. If this would have actually stopped me from getting cursed…who’s the best person? Alevica. Alevica—”
She charged out of her room and nearly ran over Hethon. The young [Lord] flushed.
“I was just—”
“Hethon?”
Ryoka took one look at him and knew he’d been spying. She tensed—then sighed, resigned.
“It’s fine. Uh—do you know if Alevica is still in the parlor?”
“I think she went into one of the other rooms to drink.”
“Huh. Thanks. I just need to find her.”
Hethon stared up at Ryoka’s head. His brows wrinkled.
“…What is that?”
He pointed up at the strange headband Ryoka was wearing. It looked like two strips of linen wrapped around her head. Which they were. He could have sworn they were the very same fabric that had been on her feet a few times.
Which they were, in fact. Ryoka gave him a very self-conscious look.
“I’m just testing something out. It’s…probably stupid. But don’t let that stop me.”
She jogged off. Hethon followed her, naturally. Who was not going to follow Ryoka when they heard that?
 
—-
 
Alevica was getting tired of being interrupted by Ryoka asking odd questions, but this time she stopped decanting a rather fine wine with Leireit and looked at Ryoka, grinning with amusement.
“Wait, say that again. You want me to curse you?”
Ryoka nervously adjusted the footwraps given to her by Nama. They were tied around her head and she felt as stupid as could be, wearing them. Yet she was exploring all options at this point and she knew they were powerful.
“Yup. I’d…like you to hex me.”
Alevica exchanged glances with Leireit. The [Sorcerer] looked highly amused, and the wine only helped that.
“This is proving to be the most entertaining job I’ve had in a while.”
“I know. Alright, fine. Let me just—”
Alevica pulled out a wand. Ryoka realized she was going to curse her right now, and held up her hands as Hethon, Sammial, and Jericha all skidded around the corner. Not to stop her, just to watch.
“Wait! Wait! Not a powerful curse! I just want uh, a minor hex.”
“Oh. Say that sooner. I was about to give you a nasty one.”
