8.33 R
Page 26
She sighed and began to pull something out of her pack. The quiet guest room, decorated by fruit motifs on the wallpaper, was filled by the scents of the orchards again. It was so peaceful, yet out of any moment could come another bolt of lightning.
The Wind Runner had to do something about it. So. She sat down and pulled a strange, beautiful, metallic object off a belt loop and stared at it.
The Faeblade burst into life, a glowing pink blade trending towards ultraviolet. An edge so fine that you couldn’t see it. Ryoka handled it carelessly, knowing it wouldn’t cut her. She inspected the nigh-invisible grooves on the handle.
“Hm. Let me see.”
With one hand, she fished out the ultra-thin paper. She spread the instruction manual out, stared at the foreign language, and rubbed at her head.
“Okay. Press this, squeeze…no. Press this, squeeze—what is that?”
She stared at a little illustration of curved lines around a picture of her hand. This was written for children in pictographs and somehow she didn’t get it.
“If only someone could translate this. Someone could…just cast a spell. But that doesn’t exist.”
Ryoka cursed as the blade winked out again. She scratched her head, then froze, mid-scratch.
“Wait a second. Didn’t Ceria once say…? But everyone speaks…no way. No—I’m going to kill myself if it’s—”
She got up and paced out of the room.
 
—-
 
“[Translation]? That’s a spell.”
Alevica and Leireit were sitting in the parlor, stuffing themselves. The [Witch] glanced down at a plate of lovely salami, then up. She met Ryoka’s bug-eyed gaze.
“What? You find something in Goblin or Drathian? Stop…staring at me like that.”
“It’s a spell?”
“Sure it is. Barely anyone needs it. Some people use it to translate the spellbooks written by those idiots who make other languages.”
“C-can you cast it for me?”
Ryoka was screaming inside, but she hid that behind a big smile.
Alevica wasn’t fooled; she could see emotions. She eyed Ryoka, and edged behind the oblivious Leireit who was happily chewing on seedless grapes.
“…No.”
“I’ll pay you. Look, I’ll give you a recommendation for the Players or gold…”
Ryoka dug into her money pouch. Alevica leaned back.
“Look, I can’t cast [Translate], Ryoka. I’m a [Witch]. Also? It’s not a spell I know. So uh, calm down and…”
Leireit glanced up.
“I don’t know it either. Fairly esoteric as spells go. Who did you know who could cast it?”
“My friend—a Wistram [Mage]. She was an adventurer.”
“Ah, they would know it. You sometimes run into specific dialects in dungeons. Old Drake writing, and so on. Any scholarly-[Mage] should be able to cast it. Maybe Miss Jericha?”
 
—-
 
“I can’t cast [Translate]. What would you like translated?”
Jericha gave Ryoka a big smile. She peered at the object Ryoka had in her hand. Ryoka glanced at the mono-paper and tucked it away.
“…Nothing important. Say, um, does [Translate] tell you what the object says, or does it just translate for anyone?”
“It would have to go through me. I don’t know the spell, but I would be delighted to learn it. I can request the necessary spell information and most likely learn to cast it within the week. Would you like that?”
Ryoka stared at Jericha’s big, happy smile. She wondered who else she could ask. Not Ceria; Ceria was in Chandrar, another thing Ryoka could be helping with.
Valeterisa was in the area and would pay her a visit tomorrow or the day after. Ryoka thought about giving the Archmage of Izril the paper and the Faeblade. Knowing Valeterisa, she’d take it, and just run off with it.
