8.33 R
Page 18
Please tell Magnolia Reinhart to contact Grand Magus Eldavin at once. I think she will be very interested. Please write it verbatim and indicate it as such.
 
She glanced after Ryoka, puzzled. Then the Courier walked outside. Right now, Ryoka felt like she had been struck by a bolt of lightning.
Even so, she hesitated and stared up at the sky before she left the house. Eldavin was reassuring her all was well. So Ryoka walked outside. Tyrion followed.
Ryoka stopped on the paved path leading out, and glanced around with trepidation. Nothing happened.
“Oh, wow. You actually d—”
Hethon, Sammial, and the others saw and heard Ryoka glancing down at the speaking stone a second before a hand whipped out of the air. It flicked a finger at Tyrion, and he blocked it—but the second hand grabbed Ryoka and tossed her two hundred feet into the air, screaming, in less than a second.
“She has terrible luck.”
Charlay watched, eating from a bag of spiced oats. Alevica and the others silently agreed.
 
—-
 
Grand Magus Eldavin had prepared for magical interception. He stood in one of Wistram’s dedicated spaces for long-range casting. Magical circles he’d re-drawn and upgraded boosted his capabilities.
He was even linked to a number of new [Mages] in the Terras faction—and observed by spies of other factions, he knew.
Some were genuine, like High Mage Telim, Sa’la, and Valeterisa herself. She was on standby.
“We are going to trace whatever insolent rogue is casting spells from afar. Archmage, are you prepared?”
She had stopped in her travels to Ryoka’s location, a bit put out that she couldn’t learn more about de-cursing someone. However, the Archmage of Izril was eager enough.
“My area has been set up as per your instructions, Eldavin.”
She had another kind of waypoint, a magical sensor net, if you will, something the Earthers were actually more easily able to grasp than fellow [Mages]. The idea was that Valeterisa localized their spellcasting and also provided a second frame of reference. In that way, the scrying spells Wistram were using and their generalized detection spells would help them hone in on whoever was attacking Ryoka in a local and overall way.
“What will occur to the attacker once found, Grand Magus?”
Telim was interested. There was no ‘if’, but when. Eldavin stroked at his beard.
“We may fry them a bit, High Magus. One does not simply attack Couriers, let alone those under Wistram’s protection. Identifying them is the true stroke. Knowledge begets power.”
“Surely, you mean ‘knowledge is power’, Grand Magus? That is a very Earth-expression I learned. Quite catchy.”
“I do not see [Librarians] and [Historians] sitting upon thrones, do you, High Magus?”
There was some laughter, and the [Mages] tensed as, in the scrying view, Ryoka turned back from Jericha.
“Interception spells at the ready. We should be sensing it, depending on if she’s seen. Ah, if it takes time…”
Eldavin snapped his fingers with annoyance as he realized the assailant might have neglected to watch Ryoka every second, and could, in fact, strike later.
“Perhaps Valeterisa will have to set up permanent wards. Let us wait for five m—”
He was turning his head to address the disappointed [Mages] when the first hand appeared. Eldavin whirled.
“No magical contact! How did—”
Sa’la exclaimed, amazed. Wistram’s [Mages] weren’t slouches, even if they didn’t have Eldavin’s expertise. They had cast their own detection webs and the hand could have been…well, a figment of their imaginations. It had virtually no magical leak.
