8.33 R
Page 2
“I should be helping. I should be—I have to be—they need me. Why am I so useless, even now?”
She had gone to the world beyond for strength and obtained a charge. The weight of the world rested on her shoulders, hers and all the others’, and here she was. Still helpless.
Ryoka Griffin cried, until a tentative figure made her look up. A hand touched her leg and jerked away. She looked up.
“Miss Ryoka?”
Hethon offered her a clean handkerchief. The Courier looked at the bit of cloth, and realized her entire face was a mess.
“Thbk yb.”
He assumed she was thanking him and stood back. Hethon watched Ryoka as she wiped, and slowly calmed down. Only then did he dare ask.
“Is it…is it bad news, Ryoka?”
He looked sidelong at the paper. Ryoka Griffin sat there and shook her head.
“No. It’s good news. I’m just so…fed up with being useless, Hethon. I have to do something. I can’t let them down again.”
He didn’t know who ‘they’ were. Or how Ryoka could see herself as useless. So the boy only nodded and stood there, awkwardly, until Jericha and Sammial came to see what was wrong. He saw Ryoka close her eyes and lie back, her features even more exhausted from the curse running rampant in her veins.
“I have to do something. Even if I die. This time…I have to do something.”
Hethon looked at her. He didn’t like that at all. Yet what could he say?
“If I—if House Veltras can help, Ryoka—I’m sure Father would agree. He still says he owes you a debt of honor.”
He saw Ryoka start; she had forgotten about him, and looked at Hethon. After a second, she shook her head.
“I…no. There are some things you can’t ask, Hethon.”
“But he’d—”
She held out a weak hand that shook like she had palsy and he fell silent.
“Especially if he’d do it. I just need…”
Her head lay back on the pillow and her lips moved.
“Not this time. I didn’t go there and back again to fail once more.”
 
—-
 
The next day, Ryoka Griffin was better. Well, not sobbing her eyes out. She lay, weak, unable to lift her body out of bed.
At least she wasn’t crying tears of blood. The curse had drained her fluids, her energy, and her strength, and now it seemed content to immobilize her like this.
Definitely a curse. It was Ryoka’s first experience with being hexed, and apparently it wasn’t a common type of magic. Well, five days since she’d fallen out of the skies, fleeing Lord Tyrion’s romantic advances.
Hah. That felt like ages ago, to Ryoka. Five days of being confined to bed, delirious, with bad news—then amazingly good news hitting her.
Ryoka hadn’t been too lucid until the last day or so. Now, she grimly lay there.
“A curse?”
“A powerful one. [Dispel Magic] does nothing, and I cannot even see it in you, Miss Griffin. Then again, hexes and the like are not traditional magic. You have a mortal enemy, it seems.”
“I already knew that. I guess I have more. Or one of them’s after me.”
Jericha just gave Ryoka one of her looks that said she wanted to know more, but was avoiding shaking it out of Ryoka. Barely.
“Do you have…any inclination to inform us which enemy this might be? We cannot help you without knowledge, Miss Griffin.”
“I know. And…no. I could take a swing at figuring out which mortal enemy it is, but some things I can’t tell you. It’s a matter of honor. Sort of.”
Jericha sighed, but nodded, accepting that to Ryoka’s surprise.
“Could you, perhaps, at least narrow down who it might be?”
“Let me think. Who might try to kill me? Well, there’s…”
