8.33 R
Page 33
That was all she said. It made sense. Oh, how clever.
 No wonder she’d believed they were special. No wonder Nama had told her they wouldn’t wear out. How could you break something with no beginning or end?
Fae tricks. Yet, it was such a simple trick. An impossible one for anyone on Earth to ever actually create, but in the logic of the fae? This was probably as simple as they came. Yet in their simplicity, they created a fabric that not even advanced alien tech or actual magic could tear.
It was amazing, unreal, and simple and clever! Ryoka wondered if this was how the fae fought.
It was beautiful and simple.
“Thank you, Nama.”
Ryoka gathered up the precious little footwraps her friendly protector had given her. She glanced at the Faeblade, hanging at her side. Weapons of a strange kind, for a strange Runner.
The wind blew, and for a second the orchard whispered. Hethon saw the tops of countless trees dance in delight, in response to Ryoka’s smile. He looked up and fell a bit in love with that.
Tyrion looked at Ryoka too. She stood there, at peace.
“Those are the gifts you received from the visitors? Truly unsurpassed gifts.”
He remarked, softly. Ryoka Griffin patted her side.
“I have one more. Not a weapon. Just a gift. Something valuable.”
She stood there for a second. The others nodded—but then Ryoka realized her mistake. She dug, exceedingly carefully, in her belt pouch, and came up with a folded scrap of paper.
“I’m sorry. Here. If you want to see it, take a look. It might be more valuable than the Windsword and the footwraps, though.”
The Veltras’ crowded around. They had to see this. Hethon stared as Tyrion slowly unfolded the paper. He saw a scribble of ink and was disappointed. Then he looked up, as Jericha reached for him.
“Lord Hethon? What—”
Hethon blinked. Then he realized he was on the ground. He stared at his knee, and the other one placed just so. He was…kneeling? He glanced at Sammial, who caught himself. Then Tyrion, who had not knelt, but stopped himself. What…
Hethon looked at the words again. There were just two, and they made no sense. Well, proper names didn’t. He wondered why they mattered, for surely they did.
Arthur Pendragon.
A slightly clumsy scrawl, unpracticed, even a bit badly done, as if someone had yet to fully master his letters. Hethon could have done better himself. The ink was plain, the paper…paper. Yet when Ryoka Griffin took it back, she looked at it, and her eyes sharpened. She took a deep breath, as Tyrion Veltras looked at the Wind Runner.
“What is that, Ryoka?”
She nodded at the signature and stared at it again. Ryoka Griffin closed her eyes and murmured as she thought of the boy waiting, beholding his destiny, yet still…drawing the sword.
“Courage.”
 
—-
 
That night, Charlay raced back into House Quellae’s mansion and hid in the stables.
“I didn’t take offense. Please come out, Runner Charlay.”
Desinee convinced her to stop trying to pretend to be a horse. Charlay peeked over the lip of the stable.
“I am so sorry, your ladyship!”
They came into the mansion, slightly unsteady, a bit drunk on cheap ale and good times. Buscrei and Swey were both falling over tables, and Setth was keeping them upright.
It was a convivial, good night. In other times, Keireen and Pellmia would have had to help the group to bed.
As it happened, there was no need. The drinking party came to a stop as they heard and saw something interesting.
