8.33 R
Page 10
The silence after Swey’s comments lingered, though Swey seemed content. If anything, Jericha, Tyrion, and two of his bodyguards seemed most put-off by the lack of support. An over-loud voice echoed around the room.
“I! I uh, I always wanted to go to southern Izril! I never went before because of the Bloodfields. Maybe I’ll go now there’s a road? And a portal door?”
Charlay looked about. Sammial started; he was still staring at the horse-lady, one of the few he’d met.
“Portal doors. Now there’s a handy thing. I wish we had one. Hey, Tyrion. Think House Veltras can bid on it? Imagine if we had one at your place. I could be eating fine over here one day, then head off to Swey’s, or hit the coast—all in the same day.”
“My, that would be something.”
Setth looked up briefly. He was less chatty than his two cousins, although he’d been more talkative in a more social setting when Ryoka had first met him. However, he did pull out a sauce to sprinkle over the second bowl being passed around. Buscrei instantly slapped it out of his hand.
“Don’t you dare touch my oysters with that crap, Setth.”
“Buscrei, it’s just sauce.”
“It’s mashed roots and crap. Not a bit of meat! Too sweet, too…I won’t have it! Not on good oysters.”
The vegetarian sauce was placed on the table, and Ryoka tried some. It was actually quite nice! It definitely lacked for the body of meat like many dishes and sauces she’d had, but it would have gone down a storm in any vegetarian restaurant on Earth. There was a tang to it, a taste beyond mere salt, sweet, bitter, or even umami that Ryoka had come to associate with magic.
“I like it!”
Sammial announced, slapping some onto his plate. Buscrei grumbled.
“Damn [Druids]. Don’t let them turn you into one of those non-meat idiots.”
“You should meet this [Druid] in Invrisil—”
Alevica, Charlay, and Ryoka all chorused in unison. They glanced at each other, and the [Witch] snorted and tugged at her hat, embarrassed, as Ryoka grinned and Charlay laughed.
“Nalthaliarstrelous. I’ve heard of him. Something of a radical in the [Druid] community.”
Lord Setth actually pronounced his name correctly. Ryoka’s eyebrows shot up. Buscrei rolled her eyes.
“Don’t let’s start on Invrisil or we’ll get into politics. Like the south—”
“Lady Reinhart and the Drakes? Such a concern.”
Desinee pursed her lips, feeling she had the first real lock on this conversation. Keireen nodded, frowning.
“I hope she’s well. I heard of assassination attempts?”
“You tell me when there’s not one, with the Reinharts.”
There were chuckles, some murmurs, but the topic was dropped fast. Tyrion turned to Swey after whispering with Jericha.
“We did, in fact, make an offer on the door in Liscor, Swey. Twice. It is not for sale, although we would bid heavily. I fear House Veltras would be up against worldwide competition, however.”
“What? Oh. Right. Just a thought. I don’t see anyone actually selling it.”
Swey replied absently. Tyrion stopped again, having clearly taken the off-hand comment as actual questions about House Veltras’ material concerns.
He was so much like a stone compared to his free-flowing, relaxed cousins…that Ryoka instinctively flashed back to some of her family gatherings where she’d been the odd one out. She cleared her throat. She nearly said she knew the owner of the portal door, but since that opened up a bag of depressing rocks…
