8.33 R
Page 37
A blade slashed through the figure. Blood sprayed everywhere. Betta flinched as hot liquid struck her face and dress. She lowered shaking hands. How—who had—?
“Gilam?”
Her brother lowered his sword. He panted, eyes alight—then froze as he realized she had heard his Skill. Then both turned, before they could unpack that moment.
“Lord Sammial! Come back!”
Bodyguards were bellowing. Sammial was shouting as he ran past them.
“They’re after Ryoka! Hurry! She’s—”
Figures swept towards Sammial and the bodyguards clashed with them in the corridors, calling Jericha and Tyrion back in. Sammial ran on, ignored by the combatants, as Gilam thrust Betta behind him and raised his blade, snarling. Yet everyone’s quarry wasn’t here, as Sammial was shouting.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin was outside the mansion. Sammial had seen her jump out the window before the [Bodyguards] dragged him away with Hethon.
Now, he ran out of the stables, as fighters swerved around him. People were shouting his name, but he followed the…sense he had. Where?
There.
Ryoka Griffin was standing at the edge of the cherry trees, where she had picked cherries this morning with him and Hethon and his father. Sammial slowed, clutching at his burning chest.
The Wind Runner had her magnificent blade in one hand. Her footwraps were over her off-hand, her right hand, like a martial artist would wrap their hand. A kind of basic buckler.
Four figures had come out of the trees. One was behind her, and the Wind Runner was adjusting her posture. None of them focused on Sammial.
“—call it off. Are you here to kill me?”
She was speaking. Sammial saw her tense, and the wind was ominously still. But not dead. Charged. One of the figures shook a helmeted head.
“We have orders not to kill any of the nobility or guards if possible. There shall be no slaughter.”
“Then are you going to kill me?”
Silence. At last, one of the figures shook their head. She spoke, as she planted her sword.
“Upon my honor, we have no such orders.”
Ryoka Griffin stared at the armored [Knight]. Then her eyes swung sideways. The attackers were in retreat.
“Fine. Then…”
Sammial saw the Faeblade turn off. Ryoka swung it down, attaching it to her belt, and raised her arms. He didn’t know what was happening. What was she doing?
 
—-
 
Ryoka put her arms up as the four ‘mysterious assailants’ advanced. They kept changing in her perception, but she saw them for who they were.
Perhaps it was the land of the fae that helped her. Ryoka stared, and her eyes found reality among lies.
Two [Knights], two figures in masked clothing, dark black. [Assassins] or [Infiltrators]. One seized her arm.
“Lord Captain Dutraic, we have the Courier. We are taking too many casualties. Please signal the retreat.”
They barked into a speaking stone. Ryoka saw one of the others draw something from a belt and clasp it around her. Cuffs. She felt herself grow weak, but they didn’t even bother with grabbing her sword. All the magical items she wore had gone dead.
Except for the wind. It blew around her, unconcerned, tensed. Good. Ryoka heard a response from the speaking stone.
“They are already falling back. Prepare to ride ahead. Eight teleport scrolls are authorized per individual. Assign four to—”
Ryoka’s mind was whirling. She supposed she shouldn’t be able to hear this either; if she didn’t concentrate, she heard a bunch of gibberish. But then she did hear something, clear as day.
“No. You will not waste time. Take the thief here at once.”
