8.33 R
Page 25
The Centauress dragged Desinee and some of the [Lords] out to the tavern. Ryoka thought it was fairly funny; Alevica did not, being content to eat and drink on Pellmia’s hospitality. If she had, Ryoka thought she might have a shot at being a Preferred Runner for some valuable clients.
“Fals was right. It’s about being friendly as much as it is running hard and seeing opportunities.”
She murmured to herself. Ryoka didn’t go into the nearby city; she had work to do.
One of those things was blowing Sammial and Hethon and a bunch of children around. They laughed, creating the sailboats and parachutes that children who had heard of the Wind Runner somehow telepathically learned to create in the exact same way.
Betta joined in, before being reminded she was a [Lady] by the scandalized [Housekeeper]. Gilam just watched, and Ryoka felt bad since she would have wanted to try if she was them.
She wasn’t, though, and because she was Ryoka, she retreated to her room after her hospitality bill had been partially paid. Not just to hide away.
To think.
“Eldavin. What happened?”
Ryoka could guess. But she could only guess, and speculate about a lot of things. Like Erin. Mrsha…her hands trembled as she tried to figure it all out.
“Fetohep of Khelt is a powerful person. I…I’m sure Khelt is powerful. But it’s distant. I’m in trouble myself. But Mrsha?”
Her stomach twisted. Her heart hurt, yet Ryoka was aware how far she was, even for her.
“Numbtongue is going after her. And Bird. Bird? I should be there. But…”
She had seen Drassi’s appeal on the scrying orb while sick. Ryoka had to believe that a continent-wide amber alert would help Mrsha. She had to believe that, or she’d go crazy and race after Mrsha.
And she couldn’t.
“I am under attack. I can’t drag Mrsha into this. Whoever that was beat Eldavin. Eldavin! I…”
Ryoka sat there. Then she sighed.
“Yeah. Ailendamus, huh? What kind of a spellcaster can beat Eldavin even if he’s….Eldavin, not Teriarch?”
She mused out loud. She hadn’t really stopped to consider just who was so mad at her. She had assumed everyone, and put it down to a [Royal Magician] or something, someone over Level 40.
However, Sir Leireit was Level 40, and what she’d just seen seemed five cuts above that. Ryoka was thinking clearly now she wasn’t oozing blood out of every pore. And what her mind told her, clearly, was this:
“That’s not normal. I really pissed off someone for them to go to this length. Let’s see. Unknown spellcasting that Jericha is stumped by. Superior magical quality. Really petty—I mean, I stole nothing and they are pissed. Superior magical artifact in a vault that can definitely help Erin. Powerful kingdom.”
Her brain was telling her something based on logical deductions and past experiences. It was a very, very obvious conclusion. Ryoka stared at her fingers, and waggled her two stumps.
“…No. It can’t be. That would be an unbelievable coincidence. Especially for me to just run into…”
On the other hand, it made a kind of stupid sense. How many immortals had she run into? Was it fate? Or…the fae?
“It would be just like me to be cursed to meet people like that. Ivolethe would laugh her frozen butt off.”
Ryoka sat there.
“No. It’s too stupid. I’m not the heroine of every story. This is just arrogance. This is just supposition.”
She stood up and paced around, but she kept coming back to the conclusion. Ryoka slapped her forehead and groaned.
“No. Then…”
