8.33 R
Page 11
Well, not anymore. What was she doing, eating oysters and chatting when so many things needed to be done? For a second, Ryoka wavered. But she was recovering, and they had saved her life. So she turned to Sir Leireit. The [Sorcerer] was sipping from a mana potion and wineglass alternately, watching the conversation with urbane amusement.
“Is this typical of First Landing, Sir Leireit? I met some of the other Five Families, but I thought Lord Tyrion’s House was more—relaxed—than others.”
The [Sorcerer] chuckled as all eyes swung to him.
“Hardly, Miss Ryoka—Courier Griffin? I apologize, I feel familiar already.”
“Ryoka. Don’t worry, anyone who stabs me in the stomach with a stave is already quite intimate.”
He nodded in appreciation. Betta instantly sprayed her drink out of her nose and mouth at the same time as her father. Leireit stared at them in confusion, caught the joke, and began laughing.
Tyrion didn’t get it, but his family did. Jericha looked appalled—and stomped hard on her own toe to stop laughing.
“That’s wonderful! You’d get tossed out of a gathering in First Landing. I’ve never been closer than a dinner table in formality, there. Well, there’s something for the way they do it; fine dining is a treat.”
Burscrei agreed.
“Oh, I’ve been to First Landing enough. Can’t zip around like the others, but they have lots of sights. Invrisil too.”
Ryoka nodded, grinning as Sammial demanded to know what was so funny from Lord Pellmia. Hethon had worked it out and had turned bright red. However, she looked at Tyrion then.
“Even Couriers can’t travel across Izril that fast. Most of the City Runners I knew had never been to First Landing. It was sort of a milestone—if you could make it there all the way from Celum—that’s a city just north of Liscor—you’d probably hit Level 30 soon. Same for the coasts; it’s too far even by horseback. Have you been to Port Isle?”
She carefully named one of the most remote ports on the eastern coast, so named because it was an isle; no shipping lanes except those heading to the east hit it. There wasn’t any continent to the east, so it really was isolated. Tyrion glanced up and seemed to unstatueify.
“I have. All the major cities.”
“There’s movement Skills for you. He can ride out, visit First Landing, and be back within a week. The rest of us take a month.”
Buscrei slapped Tyrion on the shoulder with some pride. He turned to ice once more—but Charlay and Alevica were reminded they were in the same room with the fastest [Lord] in all of Izril. And Ryoka wasn’t done.
“I’ve never visited myself. I wasn’t nearly as fast as a City Runner…and it’s not a profitable run, mostly. Unless they get a shipment from the islands, in which case it’s Couriers inbound.”
“Islands? Shipments? I’m sorry, I’m not familiar with this…Port Isle. I know the name.”
Desinee looked like she was a fish out of water, even more than Tyrion. Charlay nudged her, still as chummy as could be.
“Port Isle. It’s not a trade-city—except that there are islands out to the east. Lots of interesting stuff. Like Fabledust. Ever heard of it?”
“Isn’t that a rare alchemical ingredient? So that’s where it comes from?”
“Yep. Also, a few dungeons out there somehow. So every now and then, a huge shipment comes in and everyone wants it. I’m surprised Tyrion—er—er—Lord Veltras, I mean, has been there. It’s not common. And it’s weird. Or so I’ve heard.”
“Weird? How?”
Every head swung around. Ryoka shrugged.
