8.34 R
Page 32
The two Gnolls stopped. Relc spoke, around a leaden feeling in his stomach. He willed himself to be wrong. Relin had turned. So had Ashel, and the look on his face…
“Senior Guardsman, my son is tired. He was…caught up in putting out the fire. Perhaps we can speak another time?”
Relin looked at Relc. And again, the Drake hesitated. It would be so easy to agree. He didn’t know anything.
Except he knew. Except one look was enough. He was not on duty, but he’d brought his badge, hadn’t he? Relc stared down at it.
If he turned away, did the light fade? Or would it fade now? He didn’t know. But he knew what Zevara would do.
“I won’t be long, Honored Relin. I would just like to ask your son something about yesterday. Just for a second. We are still seeking the individuals involved in the death of that [Shopkeeper]. Could I ask…?”
Ashel was shaking as Relc stepped forwards. Some of the people gathered around the stall were turning, as Relin blocked Relc’s way.
“Guardsman Relc. Please.”
That was all he said. He looked Relc in the eye. Relc had to force himself to meet Relin’s gaze.
“I’m a [Guardsman of Trust], Relin. I do not choose to do my duty, but I must be fair. Fair. As we said. I only need to ask one thing, Ashel. [The Law Upheld]. Can you tell me what happened last night?”
Relin closed his eyes. Tears began to fall from the corners.
“I…didn’t think she’d be there. It was—”
The [Cafe Manager] collapsed into a chair as Senior Guardsman Relc reached for his side, and realized he had no cuffs. He didn’t bother to cuff Ashel.
But he did arrest him. Gnolls saw the Drake clasp Ashel’s arms behind his back. They began to shout. Then bombard Relc. He had to blow a whistle to call for backup. By the end of the hour, he had arrested a murderer.
His name tarnished as fast as people could speak it. How quickly it happened, even if you did your job. That was why…Relc came to a conclusion as a rain of stones pelted off the Watch House’s windows and roofs.
That was why it couldn’t be one person. Everything was wrong. He stared at the report he was writing and felt the second puzzle he was working on, even more complex and invisible than the Gizeal Puzzle, tangle even further in his head.
 
—-
 
Here is how it broke down. After Relc arrested Ashel, he and Tesy fought. About the arrest. About having to arrest Ashel.
Relc went to work in the evening. He stood in line with the other [Guards] as they blocked a road, pelted by debris. That was easy.
The crowd screamed, like enemy soldiers, but altogether too close. The other [Guards] were tense. Terrified.
Like rookie [Soldiers] facing their first battle. No wonder they lashed out and tried to break up gatherings. They knew they were outnumbered, and panicked.
Relc? Relc had charged alone into that mass, into what looked like death. He faced them down quietly. It was not bravery, or a kind of superior resolve. If anything, it was a greater cowardice.
He knew he’d survive. Even if a thousand civilians charged their lines, and every [Guard] ran—he, Relc, would live. He could run faster, take more on. Relc could afford not to kill the Shank Gang because he was high-enough level to take the risk.
It wasn’t about him. It was about them. Why couldn’t they just treat Gnolls like…?
And why did those bastards have to make it so damn hard? Yes, protest! Yes, be angry! But this?
