8.34 R
Page 43
“Retreat—re—”
He turned. The [Soldiers] lost their unity. They turned, and backed up, bloodlust gone. Relc stood there, breathing heavily. He tasted blood. He went back in time and hated it.
It was…hard to stand up. When he did, though, his shoulders relaxed. He rubbed at his neck. When he turned around, to the silent crowd and Watch, it was Relc, Senior Guardsman Relc, who grinned and shrugged.
“See? I guess they can be reasonable after all.”
He smiled innocently. It was the better Relc who looked up at the sky and sighed. He put his spear over his shoulders.
“Man. I hate working hard.”
 
—-
 
Relc was still shaken after signing out from the Watch House. Mind you—everyone was. The stares he got, the people who looked at him differently—it was why he hated it.
That mode terrified him. That Skill terrified him. Relc was sure he’d scared the [Captain] if the Drake actually wet himself, but Relc could have died on that street. It was…the scariest thing in the world, charging alone into enemy ranks. Kill the officer or don’t come back.
Well, both sides were scared. They’d started putting bounties on the Gecko before he’d quit. What kind of front-line officer wanted to go into battle knowing he might appear?
“Equal distribution of this sucks. That’s Relc-style.”
Relc smiled to himself, but he was shaken. Cellidel? Cellidel was a nightmare. The four trainees—
He was off-kilter. Yesterday, he had thrown his puzzle through a wall. Today, as dawn broke and he finally returned to the apartment complex?
The Senior Guardsman slowed as he saw the commotion. Shattered wood, broken shutters. A crowd of people, some with weapons—not a mob, but people afraid for their safety.
Then he saw the spear on the ground. The bloody tip. The Gnoll, surrounded by older adults.
Vok. The young man looked up as Relc moved through the crowd, knocking people aside.
“Relc, I—”
“What did you do?”
Relc seized Vok. He lifted him off the ground as people scrambled back. Vok’s eyes went round as Relc ran him into a wall.
“What did you do?”
Vok, terrified, stared down into Relc’s face. Relc was snarling. His heart—he looked at Vok, his nose bloodied, one eye blackened and already swelling. He had two wounds on his body—Relc heard a roaring sound in his head, like the roar during battle that cut all but the most pressing sounds out—
“—Guardsman Relc! Senior Guardsman Relc, please!”
Someone was trying to grab him. They tried to break his grip, realized they had no chance, and tried talking.
“Vok didn’t do anything wrong! He was protecting us!”
Relc heard that. His eyes widened. His claws opened.
Vok dropped, coughing. He stared up at Relc as the Senior Guardsman stopped, and the murderous look on his face turned to one of confusion. He turned around and met the eyes of Vok’s parents. They stared at him wide-eyed, as did the [Landlord], and the other residents.
Relc took in the scene again. Broken bits of wood, shutters—the spear with blood on it. Evidence of a fight.
Vok had stopped a group of [Looters] trying to go through the apartments. The residents, hearing the short fight, had come out. His black eye was from someone who’d thought he was part of the gang and punched him before they realized what had happened.
Relc breathed again. He looked around, at Vok, at the crowd, and…breathed. In. Out. The Gecko faded. Senior Guardsman Relc worked his mouth.
“…Oh.”
 
—-
 
