8.34 R
Page 51
Relc snapped. Tesy’s eyes flashed.
“Then Cellidel’s people will take on the army! You think we’re scared of a bunch of [Thugs]?”
Relc was on his feet.
“You’ll get people killed. ‘Sellme’ isn’t helping anything! All he does is point out the problems. Your friends are going to make it worse. Tell them to get out of the city.”
“Or what?”
“Or I’ll arrest them. I wanted to talk to you, Tesy. But if it’s them or Cellidel…”
“You think you can intimidate me?”
Tesy went to shove Relc and just pushed himself back. The Drake [Spearmaster] looked at Tesy. The [Painter] went for the door, pointing an angry claw at him, crimson with anger.
“Every time I think you’re on our side, you do this, Relc. It’s not about compromising! It’s about bringing down evil people! That’s why Sellme does what he does! You can stop me, but you can’t stop Sellme or everyone who sees what he does.”
Vok was transfixed, staring at Relc and Tesy. The Gecko of Liscor folded his arms. He looked at Tesy. Straight at Tesy.
“I think I can stop Sellme if I stop you, Tesy.”
The angry young Drake didn’t realize what Relc was saying at first. A sneering response was on his lips. Then his brain caught up.
He…looked at Relc. Vok looked at Relc, then Tesy. His eyes tried to pop out of their sockets and run around screaming. Vok stared at Tesy.
Tesy turned pale under his already-white scales. Relc looked at him.
“Sellme. I want you to stop causing riots, or get out of this city. What’s it gonna be?”
Sellme, the [Magical Painter], stood frozen. Found out, identified for the first time by a member of the Watch. Relc glanced at Vok out of the corner of his eye.
“I totally called it. Told you I was the best.”
 
—-
 
The screaming Drake running out of the apartment was followed a second later by a huge Drake. He roared.
“Sellme!”
It wasn’t Tesy and Relc any longer. The Drake whirled. His scales flashed, and dropped the Skill. Vok, scrambling out, saw a fleeing Drake with paint flecks on his white scales, made colorful by the very colors he worked with. A brush flashed out of his bags, and a painter’s palette.
Relc just charged at him. The Gecko leapt—but Tesy jumped over the railing. Relc cursed, vaulted after him, and then did a double-take in midair.
Sellme stood on the air. He’d just drawn a little ledge and Relc—
“Gaaaaaaaah!”
Caught himself on the railing one floor down. He caught himself on the second floor, and raced up to the third floor.
“Relc, he’s in here! Relc—”
Vok pointed. Tesy was back in their room. Relc charged through. He saw Tesy jumping out of a…
Hole in the wall? Relc saw Tesy turn, flip up a finger, and leap. Relc shouted.
“Tesy, st—”
Wham. He ran straight into the painted hole in the wall. It was so perfect it had turned, via Tesy’s Skill, into actual space.
Not for Relc. He staggered back, paint all over his scales.
“That little—”
 
—-
 
“G8! G8, come in! Someone’s found me out! I have to run! It’s Relc!”
Tesy shouted the code-name of one of his highest-level friends. He heard a scrambled voice coming from the mana stone.
“—to us—hurry—”
Tesy was running. Tesy was terrified. Relc knew who he was! His picture would be all over the cities! He’d be hunted! He ran out of the apartment complex, his Ring of Feather Falling glowing. At least he’d escaped.
“Tesy!”
“Ancestors!”
The [Painter] squeaked. He looked back. It was impossible! Relc had been on the third floor! It had been less than fifteen seconds since Tesy had jumped out of the room.
The Gecko was racing out of the courtyard, a blur. A gigantic blur. Tesy instantly whirled.
