8.34 R
Page 45
“You don’t lower your spears. You don’t fight unless you have to. That’s important. Rule number one? You don’t start the fight. Not unless it’s a monster. But you don’t let them come to you. If they’re inside the range of your spears, you’re in trouble. So here’s what you do. The first thing you do is issue a warning. Then you issue a second one. Only then are you allowed to lower your spears. Obviously, if the situation calls for it, you can go straight to defending yourself, but in cases where deadly force is employed, you should always try to give two warnings, got it?”
“But what if they’re attacking at night? What’s this about, Relc?”
Vok protested, confused. However, one of the parents watching was staring at Relc sharply. The rest were just perplexed. Relc looked at Vok, seriously. He faced the young Gnoll.
“Then you warn them. Twice. You don’t have to get close. You don’t have to argue with them. Warn them twice, then lower your spears. You don’t advance. You choose a spot, and hold them off while you shout for help. Most idiots can’t get past a good spear wall. You never advance into a fight. Hold the best defensive spot. That’s what rookies learn.”
His students looked at him, fascinated. Relc nodded to Hickery.
“Next? You never fight alone. You attack and defend in tandem. I should have taught you all that. You four, lower your spears.”
They did so. Relc stood in front of them.
“Imagine I’m a bad guy. I want you to jab as one. When I get close. Not by yourself, Hickery! Together!”
“But I have a Skill!”
Relc nodded.
“Yeah, but you’re still weaker than you are as a squad. That’s what rookies have to learn. Never leave your squad! Got it? You fight as a squad. I don’t care if someone’s wide open five feet away. You never leave your buddies. That’s how you die. Okay, give me a jab. We’ll all practice. One, two, three, four—”
He made them jab as one. They were uncoordinated because they’d never done this before. One of the adults watched as Relc exhorted them to watch each other, even coordinate breathing.
“Guardsman Relc, are you teaching these children to fight? My girl’s a bit too young for that!”
The mother protested nervously. Relc glanced up. He looked around and shook his head.
“No, Miss. I don’t want them to fight. But if they need to defend themselves…if someone comes calling, and there aren’t any adults around, I’d like them not to get hurt. This is just basic teamwork. Basic squad-work.”
“For the army?”
Relc smiled. He shook his head, and Tesy stared. One of the parents, Orell, murmured, as Relc jerked a thumb at the badge on his chest.
“Nah. That’s how [Guards] do it.”
Vok, Hickery, and the others all gaped at Relc. The Senior Guard turned to them, smiling.
“And it’s not all fighting, either. It’s a bad time in the city. No one’s safe. I wouldn’t teach you this normally, but you need to be safe. So here’s Rule #2. Never fight in alleyways. Never hide. You’re out in the open and you fight in the open because if people don’t see you, they don’t know if you’re doing the right thing or not. They know your names. So, here’s what we’re going to do…”
 
—-
 
Before he slept that day, Senior Guardsman Relc did something for the first time in the apartment complex. He went from floor to floor, all six of them, and knocked on every door. There were hundreds of people in the complex, maybe as much as a thousand! Relc hammered on the doors, and when they came, irritated, some working night-shifts like him, they saw the big Drake smiling at them.
