8.34 R
Page 22
“[Triple Thrust]!”
There was a curse. Relc saw his spear lance out, striking three places at once. He…
Missed.
“[Perfect Dodge]!”
The figure cried out, after the fact. Relc saw a female Drake leaping away. He charged after her, and saw her dart behind a beam. Relc crashed around it, aiming—
Gone.
Someone shot a crossbow at him. It hit his armor sideways; barely went beneath one scale. Relc whirled, snarling.
“Stop shooting me!”
He realized they actually stopped. The rest of the Shank Gang in the room were running for the doors. Relc debated stopping them for a second. Then realized he’d have no chance.
“Damn—”
This time, he didn’t dodge whatever the Face tossed at him. Relc felt something kick him and he landed, armor smoldering. And there Halfblade was. She aimed the crossbow at him—
“Gaaaaah!”
Relc’s scream of desperation and [Whirlwind Dodge] caught the [Rogue] by surprise. He threw himself to the side so hard he landed on his feet. He charged.
“[Spear Flurry]!”
His jabs hit only air. He tried to track her, but again the Drake blurred, weaving, deflecting one spear thrust, moving to the side. She stood there, rather than duck behind a support beam again. The two stared at each other. Relc gritted his teeth.
“Damn. I hate high-level opponents with dodging Skills.”
She spat.
“What kind of Senior Guard are you?”
The big Drake grinned.
“Relc!”
He lunged and thrust. The spear nearly went through her face. The Face dodged, cursing, and leapt back, unnerved. She threw another explosive bottle, and Relc leapt back. She vanished. Then appeared and tried to stab him.
This time she got through his armor. Twice. Belly-cuts, and they burned. Flame-daggers! Relc roared, swung an arm, and sent her sprawling, but she flipped onto her feet and retreated.
A second staring contest. Relc checked himself.
Not badly hurt. He eyed the Face. She was unnerved.
She had to be over Level 30. [Dagger Duelist] or [Stabmistress] or some class like that. Evasion, armor-penetrating stabs. Simple, effective. Stealth too.
Relc’s highest-levelled class was [Spearmaster] at Level 36. In theory, they were matched, especially because she clearly had gear he lacked. He had on [Guard] armor, and his enchanted spear might be better than her daggers, but it was an armor and mage-killer, not a [Rogue]-hunter.
In theory, they were matched. What was making Halfblade nervous was that she could tell Relc was better. But not why.
[Armored Advance]. The [Spearmaster] came in, jabbing, refusing to give her a big opening. She retreated, slashing, realizing that he had way too much range. She threw a dagger and it touched him—exploded. He cursed.
“How many things go boom in your—”
She nearly stuck a dagger through the bottom of his jaw in a vicious lunge-in. Relc recoiled.
[Counter Backstep]. He moved back, and in, and scored a hit through her armor. She was too quick! But she clutched at her upper right breast, gasping. Her fancy armor hadn’t stopped his spear.
“How…?”
She stopped, circled. They hit each other twice more, both times fruitlessly. But she couldn’t hide her dismay.
How am I losing? The answer was simple. They had roughly equal classes and gear, so it might be anyone’s game. But Relc?
Relc was a [Sergeant]. And a [Guardsman of Trust]. Neither class was over Level 30. But he had more Skills. Case in point? She tried to use her stealth Skill, but a weaker one. His [Eyes in the Back] saw her coming and he struck with the butt of his spear, sending her stumbling back.
