8.34 R
Page 15
“We have [Rebels] in the city. So-called [Dissidents], and [Anarchists], even. Sellme’s lot. No one breaks rank, understood?”
Watch Captain Terigrals himself came to address Relc’s Watch House. He walked down their lines as they stood to attention. He even met Relc’s eye—before glancing past him.
The mob had broken this time in front of the angry [Guards]. But it had been close. If Glorisa hadn’t gotten them to come after her, or they’d been a bit angrier? The Watch Captain stopped in front of her and poked her in the chest.
“No one breaks rank. You go after them, and you endanger everyone.”
The Drake’s scales were dark with her blush.
“But Watch Captain, they were throwing bottles of piss! What are we supposed to do, just take it?”
Terigrals hesitated.
“—There are a lot of rabble rousers in the city, Guardswoman. We will not provoke more violence, understood?”
“We’re not the ones starting this, Watch Captain.”
One of the [Guards] protested. Terigrals held up his claws.
“I am aware of this, but the Council is concerned. You all just raise your shields. Ignore it. We’ll get through this; I have our best Senior Guard patrols dedicated to tracking down these people, and Sellme.”
The [Guards] murmured, before being called to order. Catch Sellme? It was true their troubles might end, but no one had caught the [Magical Painter] yet.
Nor had anyone asked Relc to do that. He still stank. They all did. The Drake fidgeted as Terigrals walked past him.
“We’ll get through this. There are some criminals in the city. We hold the line, we do not go after civilians and give them ammunition, and they’ll calm down. It’s people like Sellme who do this.”
And the Sewer Manager. Relc held his tongue. But he couldn’t help but wonder. Was it just the bad apples, the bad Prelons in the city being targeted by Sellme? Or was this unearthing all of the problems that had always been waiting for a moment like this?
 
—-
 
“You stink, Relc. Ancestors—Vok, open a window.”
“I got hit by a bottle of pee. Someone tossed it at us when we were covering the Sewage Manager. People wanted to kill him. Another Sellme painting. Seems like there’s only trouble when one appears.”
Tesy glanced up over their game of cards as Vok went to open the window. His tail curled up and so did his lip.
“And you did? Typical. That Sewage Manager let hundreds of people go without proper plumbing for weeks. People got sick thanks to him!”
“So we should just let him die? Mind you, I think someone in the Watch kicked him in the guts. We don’t like him, but we had to arrest him. That’s how the law works. Or something.”
“Or something. You’re a Senior Guardsman. Why didn’t anyone do anything before?”
“I think the Council was looking into it.”
Relc studied his cards. He plucked one, tossed it down. Tesy instantly trumped it and Relc sighed.
“A fine job they did.”
Vok glanced from player to player as Relc and Sellme played for coppers. He studied his hand. Relc shrugged. He glanced at Tesy over the top of his cards. He toyed with one.
“Someone in that crowd was throwing some pretty dangerous stones. Good arm. I hear there are [Rebels] in the city. People who support Sellme. We could have gotten hurt.”
The white-scale Drake hesitated. His claws held a card up before he played it, slowly.
“Sellme’s got a lot of followers. So I hear. They hate the Watch. You should be careful, Relc.”
“Me? I’m Relc. No one’s taking me down. All I’m saying is—we didn’t do anything wrong. Why does someone have to throw bottles of pee at us?”
“You didn’t do anything wrong today.”
