8.34 R
Page 9
He felt bigger ones might be coming. And if they did? Well. Apparently entire cities had gone up in flames thanks to Sellme.
“Not today, but everyone thinks it’ll be soon.”
One of the Gnolls called out. Relc glanced around.
“Aw, come on. I was hoping to hear about the latest one before I slept. Weren’t you, Tesy?”
He glanced at the Drake. Tesy rolled his eyes.
“Who pays attention to Sellme all the time, Guardsman Relc?”
“I sort of like him.”
“Really, you? You who—”
The Drake bit back something. Relc grinned.
“I don’t like that people get hurt, or when people are attacked because he draws something. Or when people think they caught Sellme.”
Tesy’s eyes flickered.
“No. That’s terrible. But at least monsters are getting what they deserve.”
“Yeah. And sometimes people die because the Watch didn’t arrest them and instead that person and everyone in the way got torn apart. I mean, hey, the Watch didn’t do anything. That’s our bad. But there’s a lot of angry people.”
“They’ve got reasons to be angry. I haven’t been here long and even I can see it. I got arrested, remember? Some Watch [Thugs] beat me up?”
“Sure, sure. I’m new to Cellidel too. Hey, I was even there. I’m just saying…you know.”
The two barely looked at each other as Relc whirled his spear about in his drills and Tesy leaned on the balcony of the third floor. So much went unsaid. Did Tesy hear it too? Relc smiled.
If he arrested Sellme, the problem didn’t go away. Sellme was not the problem. 
But was he making it worse or better? Relc didn’t know. He might have arrested Sellme if it was Liscor, but the Drake reminded him of Erin. Relc stared up at the sky as his spear never faltered in its course around him.
He missed Erin.
Relc had been the absolute last person to hear what had happened to her. In the same way…Lyonette forgot to tell Embria, who obviously didn’t tell him what had come from Chandrar.
Relc had no idea at all about Mrsha, or anything else. He’d just been wondering what that little rascal was up to, and wishing he’d taught her some spear-drills. Then again, Lyonette would have killed him. Mrsha got into enough trouble as it was.
Wing Commander Embria and Zevara had decided not to distract Relc.
 
—-
 
They came out of the wilds. The savage infiltrators. The untamed, unwashed masses. Criminals and fools all.
A plague upon Cellidel. A plague brought by the ‘so-called’ injustices. By Sellme. By the time the Watch noticed, it was too late. Of course, they tried to bar the gates against the rest of their kind. Too late once more. The rot was in the city.
The first [Anarchists] arrived as Relc was finishing up his day. Spear practice over, he just ambled about, visited the sites, returned that weird book, and enjoyed his life. He did not know that Sellme’s followers had arrived.
They came through the gates, bypassing the appraisal Skills. They weren’t one class; they were [Rebels] and [Dissidents], [Anarchists] being a high-level class. They were an army, of a kind, but not one that the Watch would know to look for.
They were not all Drakes. They were not all Gnolls. They were young, many of them. They tended towards clothing that could be pulled over the head; hats or hoods for preference, or masks, scarves.
And as armies went, well, this one had no scouts. It didn’t reconnoiter. They knew what they were here for.
“Fuck Cellidel! Down with corruption! Down with the walls! Sellme’s here to expose the truth, and we’re going to burn down the damn Council and all these money-grubbing assholes!”
