8.34 R
Page 19
Senior Guardsman Relc, oblivious to the looks of horror and dozens of people trying to catch his eye and mouth ‘turn around’, consulted a little sketch he had.
“This one? No. This one? No…wait. Yes. Aha.”
The Shank Gang’s sleepy, stinky evening was interrupted as Relc marched up to the door behind which a door guard was snoozing, nose-plugs in. He stopped, cleared his throat.
And then he began to hammer on the door.
“Hey! Hey! This is the Watch, open up! Surprise! It’s inspection time!”
The door guard fell out of their chair in surprise. Inside the warehouse, Shanker Ellic looked up.
“Who is making that idiotic racket…?”
His first thought was that there was some gang member of his or an outsider who wanted a word. Or favor. He pointed and one of his cronies went to investigate.
Outside, the civilians had frozen in horror. The door guard scrambled to his feet. He had been napping, and had clearly not heard that right. He came to the door and the slot opened. He glared at Relc, missing the badge.
“You moron! Don’t hammer, knock! What’s the password?”
He was met by a beaming grin of white teeth. Relc had excellent dental hygiene. The Senior Guardsman stepped back, and the badge came into view. Then…he raised his voice.
“Password? This is the Watch. Open up!”
His voice reached the inside. Shanker Ellic froze. The gang glanced up, and a lounging figure put their feet down. The [Gang Boss] glanced over to a Drake whose eyes shone as she tossed up a glowing dagger and caught it. He whirled.
“The Watch? What did you idiots do?”
His answer came from outside.
“I’m told there is an illicit group of people mugging people on the street, extorting money, making threats, and other blackmail attempts. This is illegal. Pretty sure it is, anyways. In the course of my investigation, I demand you open up at once! Any something something in the way of my duties means I get to hit you and arrest you. You have five seconds.”
“No Crelering way. There’s a [Guardsman] out there, boss!”
One of the gang members came back to confirm what was happening. Shanker Ellic froze.
“How many more?”
“None. Just one.”
The [Gang Boss] stared. His sudden panic resolved into…he stood up, incredulously.
“You mean there’s one idiot out there? It’s not a raid?”
The [Thug] shook his head.
“Nope. Some idiot. New. I know that guy—he’s that Senior Guardsman from another city.”
“Well then…he’s a real idiot. Get rid of him.”
Ellic didn’t have to think twice. He nodded, and four of his [Thugs] grinned. They gestured.
“Backdoor?”
“Sure. Just shut him up. Make sure no one sees you! Clear the street first, idiots.”
The [Gang Boss] sat back down. The [Rogue] with the enchanted dagger glanced at him.
“Want me to handle it?”
“Nah. Maybe they’ll level.”
Besides, you’ll charge me more for ‘helping out’. The Face, known as Halfblade, shrugged. She lay back down. Halfblade? She used two daggers. The reason for the name was because you only saw half of the daggers at any time—usually in someone’s throat.
Ellic waited as the Senior Guardsman went silent. It would take up to ten minutes for the [Thugs] to get some buddies to clear the street and then ‘sort it out’. He might not hear about it, but there was no way that idiot would get into the warehouse. The door guard would stall him, but the door was the kind [Information Brokers] used. Steel. Even mildly enchanted. It would—
Crash.
The [Gang Boss] had just sat down when the sound made him jolt to his feet.
“What was—”
“Dead gods! D—no, nooo—”
