8.34 R
Page 36
The door slammed in front of his face. Relc debated kicking it in. Then he turned and stomped off.
 
—-
 
The [Anarchists] were good at fighting. Relc thought about it as he had a patrol free from crowds protesting for once. Six of Cellidel’s companies were in the city, and they had frightened the angry mobs into hiding. It wouldn’t last; Relc had already seen figures pitching pots and stuff from rooftops at [Soldiers] who weren’t allowed to shoot back. Once the people lost their fear of the armored faces and weapons, it would get bad. Then a [Soldier] would snap…
It was like the stupid Gizeal Puzzle. He was running out of time. He wasn’t smart, but Relc had to find the solution! How did you reestablish trust in the Watch, alter the mentality of the governing bodies, put Gnolls into power…stop Sellme and his lot…
Well, I could always beat all of them up. Relc thought if he kicked the door down and just arrested everyone inside Tesy’s room, he might get most of the highest-leveled ones.
“I just don’t get it. What am I supposed to do?”
The Drake rubbed at his head. The gang of six young people stared at him, frozen in the act of stealing from a shop. The terrified [Shopkeeper] peered over a counter as the getaway wagon’s horses snorted.
A Gnoll lad with a dagger glanced at Relc, and his eyes slid sideways to his buddies. He had five friends, and his eyes flickered to a point behind Relc. The Senior Guard waved a claw at them.
“So, okay, here’s my problem. You’re looters. Thieves. I dunno. Is your class…[Robber] or just [Thief]? Where do you start? Not the problem. Obviously, you’re committing a crime. On the other tail…it’s bad in the city. People are hungry. This is a food shop, but you’re also stealing the safe. So I don’t know your motivations.”
Relc was ticking off points on his claw. The six [Thieves] hesitated. What the heck was he doing? Some people looked out from their hiding places.
A figure burst out from the cover of the wagon. A much larger Gnoll lunged at Relc’s back with a club swinging.
Relc turned, punched the Gnoll into the wagon, and turned back to the six. The Gnoll [Thug] lay with his head resting against the cracked wood splintered from the impact. The six young people were now terrified blocks of ice.
“See, that was a career criminal. I can arrest him, put him away because he’s clearly done that for a while. But you? Let’s say I arrest you. Do you put up a fight?”
Relc stared at the shaking dagger in the Gnoll boy’s hand.
“If I punch you, I have to take you to the [Healer]’s. If I was a lower-level [Guard] I’d probably use a crossbow rather than tangle with six fighters at once, or not spare my club or sword. That’s two and a half silver pieces. See, the [Healers] give us a discount, but the average price of tending to someone we apprehend is two and a half silver. Per person. That adds up! I got that from my Watch Captain.”
Relc had a list of figures. He consulted it, glancing up at the six youths.
“Of course, if I hit someone it’s two or three times that, especially if I break their bones.”
They began to tremble. The [Thug] was still just lying there, completely unconscious. Relc sighed.
“Best case scenario, I don’t beat you up, but I arrest you. It still costs the city money to put you in lockup, and feed you, and put you into a jail cell. But you know what my old Watch Captain said? It costs the city more because now you have a record, and you’re more likely to get a less well-paid job, and that makes you more likely to do this again.”
