8.34 R
Page 50
“Nah. Just make it easier to be a [Guard].”
Tesy stared at him, incredulously.
“Easier?”
Relc gave him a fish-eyed side-eye.
“Yep. It’s not easy, Tesy.”
The [Painter] opened his mouth and Relc sat up.
“Vok, you know what I’m talking about.”
“Yeah?”
The Gnoll glanced at Tesy. Ducked his head. The [Junior Watchman] mumbled.
“No, sorry, Relc.”
The [Spearmaster] sat up. He scratched at his neck-spines. He’d just thought of it, but now it came to him, the words flowed out.
“Well let me see if I can explain it. Y’see…guarding is hard. I’m only a [Guardsman] because it pays well. A lot of guys are. Don’t shout, Tesy! That’s just how it is. It’s a job. We didn’t sign up to be perfect. No one can be perfect except Klbkch and like…Jeiss. Or my Watch Captain. The job should be easier.”
“You mean, less laws?”
“I mean, less strain on us. When a [Guardsman] is in a fight and he sees some kid with a knife, or he has to debate arresting a [Street Thief], he’s got people’s lives in his claws. That’s a lot to ask of us. It would be easier if we could just punch bad guys and not have to be the law. If that were the case, Pos wouldn’t be a problem because he wouldn’t be in charge. And it means you don’t have to have the best. Make the job easier.”
Vok sat up, intrigued by that idea. Even Tesy was frowning, opening and closing his mouth as his tail lashed.
“How would you do that, Relc?”
The Drake scratched at his head.
“I have no idea. Maybe…maybe you can arrest everyone but you don’t charge people? You have some kind of system in the Watch House? It might cost more, but just take the hard work out of a [Guard]’s claws. Then all he or she has to do is make sure no one gets hurt. Some kind of big argument over hedges? Go settle it with the uh…someone else. The point is, I’m a grunt. Give me grunt-work. Not moral questions.”
There was a thoughtful silence for a moment. Then at last, Tesy sighed. He stood up, and began pacing around the pot.
“That—might work. But Cellidel will never go for it. Don’t you see how bad it is, Relc?”
“I see.”
Calmly, Senior Guardsman Relc filled his cup. With water. Tesy was a bit drunk. He was agitated, angry. He was angry all the time. Vok knew how that felt, but Tesy was far angrier than even he was.
“Nothing’s right. Nothing’s fair. Cellidel’s run by crooks and Drakes who don’t care. Maybe your Watch is better, Relc, but nothing’s changing now. You can’t fix this city!”
“Yeah, well, your buddies burning it down doesn’t help either, Tesy. They’re getting people killed. That’s not right.”
The [Magical Painter] slowly turned. Relc sat up. The two locked gazes. Relc’s eyes were very calm.
“I see what’s happening. The [Anarchists] are gaining ground. They’re arming people. They want to tear down the Watch, take out the Council.”
“…Maybe. I don’t know.”
Tesy’s eyes flickered to the window, then door. Vok saw Relc wave Tesy down, but the younger Drake didn’t sit. Relc slowly drained his cup.
“Are they planning on killing the Council? The Watch Captain? Don’t answer that. Let’s say they did, or somehow got rid of them. What would that do? Would that help? If they got every single [Guard] to quit tomorrow, what happens next?”
“The city will be free—”
“And then what? Then there’s crime, burnt buildings, and there’s no plan! Tesy! I’ve heard Sellme’s crashed nearly a dozen cities! They don’t get better, they just collapse until someone rebuilds the government!”
“It’s a better one afterwards. The people can choose who they want to—”
“Cellidel’s army will march in and reinstate a Council of their choosing. Don’t be stupid.”
