8.34 R
Page 13
That was the kind of dialogue that marked out the amateurs from the real puzzle-heads who knew what that meant. Embria went back to reading her father’s letter. She was glad. Her stomach still hurt. Two weeks ago, she’d received a simple message.
 
I know what happened to Erin.
 
Senior Guardsman Relc had not returned to Liscor. He had…a new class, and a new calling. This was the happiest letter she’d gotten from him. She knew he had some friends, and a lot of problems and worries, although Liscor had its fair share of worries she hadn’t told Relc about.
The army had left and was heading south. Liscor’s new army, that was. Hectval had made it clear they weren’t going to relent. Embria’s 4th Company had stayed for security, another problem…
Well. She’d write back. She kept reading. Zevara’s lips moved as she read another aspect of Relc’s puzzle-solving battle.
“There’s a way to hum and open a slot? He’s making this up, isn’t he?”
 
—-
 
“See? I told you! Hum like—huiiighghg—and it opens!”
With a pop, a slot shot out and nearly punched Tesy in the face. The Drake [Painter] recoiled and Vok shot back in his seat. Relc, beaming, offered around one of his two cups.
“Anyways, who wants water? I can’t afford more than Prelons and water, but it’s great, isn’t it?”
Vok and Tesy sat in Relc’s room for a morning chat. It was a bit of a custom; none of them had many friends, Vok being the most social of the lot and having grown up in Cellidel. Tesy? He kept to himself and Relc’s buddies were in the Watch. Since that had soured, they had ended up sharing some meals or drinking or talking.
“I knew it. I’ll bring some wine over.”
Tesy sighed. He got up and came back five minutes later with a bottle of wine. And snacks. The Drake had more money than the other two and watched as Vok and Relc fought over some dried Prelon chips. Truly, anything could be made of them.
“So you really like this cube, huh?”
Vok tapped the cube. Relc hugged it.
“It’s the greatest thing ever. So what are we doing? Cards?”
Tesy had a deck of magical cards, which awed Vok. Relc had played with such decks. He would have questioned where Tesy got the money, but Sellme also had dice, and other games to pass the time.
“Sure. What are we wagering?”
“Weeeeeell…if Tesy brings out those nice spicy chips, we could all use them as money.”
“Ancestors! Am I buying all the food?”
The Drake grumbled, but soon they were bidding on chips, and the winner—Vok—got to eat them and then share them as he gulped water. That was fun. Relc was having fun.
 
—-
 
“There he is! Kill him!”
The Drake ran. Relc saw him charging and tensed, but the [Plumber] just dove behind the wall of [Guards]. They had tower shields, batons. The mob slowed, but only just.
“This is an order from the Council! Disperse!”
Relc saw something flying at him and raised his shield. He blocked something—a Prelon. The sewer manager for Cellidel cowered as a [Guard] dragged him back.
Sellme’s latest painting had revealed that the sewers—a Drake city phenomenon compared to a lot of Human ones, which still used chamber pots in many places or conventional, dug outhouses—had not been suffering from ‘bad luck’. Rather, as the colorful illustration of a Drake dropping dung onto passersby as he lined his pockets with gold indicated, it had been deliberate neglect.
Corruption, again. Countless streets had been plagued by backups, rats, and the like for years. Bad smells, even sewage getting into the well water.
They wanted that Drake dead. It was the Watch’s job not to let that happen.
