8.34 R
Page 38
He sat down, prodded it. Shook it. Turned it upside down. Inspected the keys, fiddled with them. Hummed. Shone some light on various places. Re-checked some of the puzzles. Used the magnifying glass to peer around…and then realized someone had peed on his door along with drawing on it.
“DAMN IT!”
The roar woke up the entire apartment complex. Vok, practicing with Hickery, looked up just in time to see Relc throw the Gizeal Puzzle through his wall, the railing, and into the courtyard below.
The shattered wood and stone rained down as Hickery and Vok scrambled away, staring. Relc stood in his ruined apartment, staring at the door. It had a huge hole in it, and so did the balcony, now missing a guardrail. He closed his eyes.
Someone had to pay for that. That…that was a Tesy move right there. He didn’t have to pay for what was burned down.
A frozen [Dissident] was holding a paintbrush just in front of the hole next to her head. She looked at Relc and ran away, screaming.
Relc slowly descended into the courtyard to pick up the broken puzzle. To his amazement, he saw the cube was lying on its side. Intact. Relc stared at it.
Then he saw one of the glass panels light up, and glittering words projected themselves a few feet into the air. The Drake…read the words.
 
Feeling annoyed or frustrated? Contact Archmage Valeterisa or the Terras faction of Wistram for support, hints, tips, and tricks for a nominal fee!
 
Relc’s lower left eyelid twitched. He opened and clenched his claws, then saw a second message appear, tracing itself underneath the writing.
 
Of course, a true mind would solve any puzzle without help.
 
“Ooh.”
Relc muttered. People were coming out of their rooms and the [Landlord] was staring up at the devastation and at Relc. He looked at the puzzle. Then he started laughing.
It wasn’t happy laughter. But at least he laughed for a second.
 
—-
 
The worst fighting took place the next day. Relc was sleeping in his new room, after paying a lot of money for repairs and helping board up the railing one moment.
The next? It felt like he was sweltering in the hot armor, underneath the helmet he had to wear to protect himself from projectiles.
“Stay back! Do not throw objects!”
The civilians were…counter levelling. This mob was the latest to attack Relc and the Watch, who were deployed alongside six companies of the army. The thing was—they weren’t levelling as [Warriors] or [Soldiers].
Why would they? The Watch had handcuffs out. Oh, they smashed heads, knocked people back, but they weren’t killing anyone. People were dying or getting hurt, but for all Tesy and his friends called it ‘blood on their boots’, Relc longed to tell them this wasn’t a war.
If it was a war? He held his shield up, holding back the impacts from people smashing clubs, makeshift weapons on it. He stared into a snarling Gnoll woman’s face.
They’d all be dead. He could almost see someone stabbing her, running her through before a [Mage] threw a [Fireball] into the crowd. It would be so easy…too easy.
The [Mage] cast a spell.
“[Sticky Webs]! [Earbreak Siren]!”
The wail of sound made every Gnoll scream and clap their paws to their ears. It hurt Relc, and his hearing was way worse. The sticky webs tangled people up. He relaxed a bit, but they would come back. They always did.
The hours on duty were beginning to blend together. There was just the mob, chasing after [Looters], being hit by projectiles from roofs or windows, until it was time to stop. A [Guard] shouted.
“They’re coming down Greywater Street! They’ve got weapons!”
