8.34 R
Page 33
Bottles of piss and crap were the least of what hit the [Guards] these days. The [Anarchists] were great teachers. They showered the [Guards] with sewage waste, telling them to experience what people had suffered through for months. They tossed rocks, some with deadly accuracy.
And when you arrested them? They could undo your cuffs, all but the magical ones, and run off, blend with the crowd. The worst had camouflage Skills—they were specialists at fighting the law. Relc endured the hail of projectiles, protecting his face at all costs. That was when he saw it.
“Fire flask! Get out of the way!”
The first alchemical weapon arced through the air. [Guards] tried to break formation and run, but it was too late. It showered over them, burning two badly as the liquid gel clung to armor and burned. Relc saw the crowd draw back at this unexpected display of violence.
“Stop right there!”
He charged at the figure who’d thrown it. The [Dissident] had not expected that. They turned to run. Relc tackled them, civilians scattering out of the way.
“Get off me, you Creler-bastard! You armored—”
He ignored the punches and cuffed the shouting Gnoll. Relc got to his feet, looking back at the [Guards].
“One for lockup! Use of a deadly weapon on [Guards]!”
He bellowed as the crowd shouted at him to let go! Relc dragged the Gnoll back, ignoring blows, kicks that came out of the crowd from the friends of the fire-thrower. He only looked back when he felt a strange feeling.
Weightlessness. He realized he was dragging air. The Gnoll was bolting away, having freed himself from the manacles via a Skill. Relc stared.
“Stop!”
The Gnoll was leaping, vaulting a wagon, running for it. Relc ran after them. He bellowed again.
“Watch! Stop!”
The Gnoll ran for a corner and Relc knew he’d lose him if he turned the corner. In this short sprint, the [Dissident] was faster than the Gecko. Probably [Outrun the Law] or something. Relc would never catch up. So he raised his spear, whirled it so the butt was facing the Gnoll, not the spear tip, and threw.
The cast caught the Gnoll in the legs. Relc was on the [Dissident], not a high-level [Anarchist] or anything, in moments. He got the criminal.
He also broke the Gnoll’s leg. Relc had given the kid every chance, but it was a bad break and the screaming boy was loaded into the prisoner wagon. She had tossed a fire flask at a group of [Guards]. Clear assault. He’d broken her leg, to stop her fleeing.
All these things were facts. Relc had acted as he thought best in the moment. Presumably, Tesy acted in what he thought was the best way too, when he heard.
The next Sellme picture was of a huge, brutish Drake that looked like Relc breaking a Gnoll’s leg.
 
—-
 
“There has to be something I’m missing. Work, damn you.”
That morning (he was on night shift), Relc stared blearily at the object in front of him. He was no longer smiling. He was no longer happy.
It mocked him. The Gizeal Puzzle sat there, and Relc was getting to the point many people got to hours, and in this case, days before he did.
Why won’t this damn puzzle just solve itself? It was at the point where he had used every trick, fiddled with it to no avail for hours and it just…wouldn’t…work.
After twenty eight puzzles, Relc had run into a problem that had stumped him for the last six days. In between trying to solve Cellidel’s crises, getting pelted by trash, having to arrest that poor kid who’d burned down the stall, he’d been coming home to work on this cube. It had been fun. Right up until this point.
