8.34 R
Page 3
Him. Not the nearest Watch patrol. There were many things in this scenario that Klbkch would have sagely observed were ‘anomalous’, whatever that meant. In Liscor, Relc would have agreed.
In Cellidel, it made a kind of sense. This young Gnoll had come to him at the request of the owner of the pub rather than him just shouting for a [Guard] patrol or flagging down one while the drunkards caused trouble.
Why? Well…Relc’s badge shone as he straightened.
“I can sort it out. Peacefully. Where’s the problem? No one needs to be arrested if I just whack a few people over the head or make them leave.”
He added that last part on purpose. The Gnoll looked relieved. She pointed.
“This way. It’s just…”
She began to lead Relc with such speed that he wondered if the drunkards were more of a problem than she’d let on. Well, if they were coming to him…he picked up the pace. The Gnoll [Server] was so relieved that she didn’t see Relc murmur or his own eyes and badge flash for a second.
He used a Skill, then followed her with confidence. He was alert, of course, wary, braced to act, but confident she wasn’t leading him into an alley or place where he’d be jumped by someone who wanted him dead.
His second Skill helped make sure that didn’t happen. Relc was a [Guardsman of Trust], and the badge conferred something onto him that made people like this young woman seek him out. His second Skill made sure he didn’t need to doubt his actions.
[The Law Upheld]. Relc could use it about four times per his entire shift, but it guaranteed she wasn’t lying. So he strode along.
 
—-
 
As it happened, the drunkards were Gnolls. It was a Gnoll pub, in a Gnoll district, with an almost-exclusively Gnoll population. Relc doubled the number of Drakes in the pub by walking in.
“Senior Guardsman. Alright, who’s being drunk and disorderly?”
The Gnolls whirled. They had clearly been carousing and there had been a fight by the looks of it; Relc saw a table knocked over, and shards of pottery and food. So they might have been too loud and been asked to leave, or fought with someone else. There were a hundred scenarios and Relc didn’t care.
They tensed when they saw him.
“We didn’t do anything, Guardsman.”
One of the Gnolls was big. Relc recognized a [Laborer] when he saw one, perhaps someone who’d gotten lucky with [Enhanced Strength]. He also could recognize a [Drunkard] when he saw one.
Which wasn’t fun because they got lovely Skills that made them more dangerous when drunk. Well, some just got fun Skills like ones that let them buy more alcohol, or handle it better. Relc had known a [Guard] who had [Sober Up], a Skill that let him drink five minutes before going to work.
Great Skill. He patiently held up his claws and slipped into routine. In Liscor, it was simple. Someone causes trouble? You get warned. If the place has a [Bouncer] or security, they might handle it. If it’s a problem like this lot clearly were? Three Gnolls, tired, drinking too hard, and belligerent?
You called the Watch and they could be arrested or leave quietly. The trouble was in Cellidel…the Gnolls watching tensed.
“They’ve just been a bit disorderly, Guardsman. Nothing like a fight. Sherr, there’s the Watch here. Leave quietly.”
The [Pub Owner] himself spoke to Relc, then the three troublemakers. Relc had seldom seen the owner of an establishment defend the customers like that. Nor—he eyed the three drinkers and saw how tense they were—was he used to this level of hostility directed at his badge.
