8.34 R
Page 23
Outlevelled. He had more experience, anyways. Relc saw his opportunity as she cursed, stumbling, and took it.
“Aha!”
He threw the spear at her face and she reflexively dodged. But it wasn’t even a javelin’s throw; he’d just heaved the spear lengthwise at her. She raised her daggers—and Relc grabbed her wrists.
“Got you.”
Halfblade’s eyes went wide. She went for a kick to the groin. It bounced off a codpiece.
“Let go! Let—”
Relc didn’t dare let go of one hand, and he had no spear. She was so nimble she might have dodged a kick. But those were problems for people who were not Relc. The Drake began accelerating. Halfblade realized what was happening in an instant and tried to drag free.
“No, no, no, no—”
 
—-
 
It had gone terribly silent inside the Shank Gang’s warehouse. The crowd watching fearfully from afar had thought the Senior Guardsman was dead, even when he kicked the door in. Especially when he hopped on one foot, swearing for a good fifteen seconds.
But then the [Thugs] had come running out of the back and they’d hoped. But now? It was so silent. Gnolls glanced at each other, and their ears couldn’t pick up what was happening inside the enchanted warehouse. A Drake peered on the tips of her toes. Where was the rest of the Watch? They’d shouted for a patrol, but it was too l—
Relc crashed out of a wall with Halfblade. The crowd screamed as the two hit the wall so hard they busted through it in a shower of splinters. Relc cursed.
“That hurts! Alright, let’s do it again!”
“No, sto—”
They hit another wall this time and cracked it. It hurt like hell, but Relc was tough. [Rogues]? He saw the lolling head and the two daggers slipped from her claws. He dropped her, secured the daggers in his belt, and reached for his cuffs. Then he remembered she was a Face. It wouldn’t work. So he just picked her up by one foot and began trudging back to the warehouse.
The Drake stopped when he saw the crowd staring at him, and the trashed Shank Gang. All by one person. Relc stopped. He grinned, thought, then held up one thumb-claw.
“That’s Relc style. No, wait, that’s still terrible.”
 
—-
 
Relc had been afraid someone would yank his spear, or that he’d missed the boss of this gang. As it turned out? He’d backhanded the [Gang Boss], Shanker Ellic, and that had been that.
Halfblade had been the problem. When the Watch patrol slowly picked their way down the street, a full three-squad patrol armed with the same tower shields they’d used in the mob fights, they stopped.
Relc stood over a line of comatose [Thugs], [Rogues], the [Gang Boss], and Halfblade. In point of fact, he had a foot on Halfblade’s back; she was the only one he couldn’t cuff. People were pointing, cheering, and shouting his name.
“Relc! Relc! Relc!”
“That’s right! That’s my name! That’s how you do it!”
The Drake [Guardsman] grinned, on top of the world. He waved the Watch over as the [Guards] stared at Cellidel’s biggest gang, in chains. No less than Vok and Tesy themselves pushed through the crowds, and stopped. The word was all over the city. One Senior Guard had just crushed the Shank Gang!
Relc grinned as he stared at Tesy. How was that? How was that? Did you believe in the Watch now? Tesy was blinking at him, eyes wide. Relc heaved a sigh. He had done the thing that he was good at. And that…
 
—-
 
Changed nothing.
At first, Relc thought it did. After all, well, he got in trouble, but he didn’t at the same time. They hauled him into the Watch Captain’s office where a [Counsellor] was protesting that ‘Mister Ellic’ had done nothing wrong.
