8.34 R
Page 26
“There are good [Guards] and bad ones. As long as we have someone like you on the streets, Senior Guardsman Relc, I feel better.”
It was the right thing to say, but the wrong time. Relc stopped. He stared at Orell, so long that the entire family turned. Relc’s look was distant, pained, and all of his triumph, from risking his life, the terror of it?
It turned to ashes. It changed nothing.
“Senior Guardsman? What’s wrong?”
Relc stared at the sky.
“…I’m not on the streets. I’ve been put on suspended leave for a week.”
The trio stared at him. It was a lighter punishment than Relc might have gotten. Even so—the Watch Captain had given it to him for breaking Pos’ jaw.
 
—-
 
Relc did not serve his entire week of probation. He was needed too badly by the fourth day.
Tesy had been right, damn him. Relc had cleared out a major gang. Restored the Watch’s image.
…But it just begged the question, why had the Watch let that gang appear in the area in the first place? Why hadn’t they done anything about it?
And—it might be a bit self-centered, but if you were the victim of the same kind of guardswork that Hickery had suffered from, it didn’t matter if Cellidel stopped ten gangs. Because they were lumping you with the very same [Thugs] and [Murderers] they arrested.
Relc realized he was a fool. That his big answer had been pointless.
“It wasn’t pointless. Stop beating yourself up. Here. I brought some more Prelon chips.”
Ironically, Tesy was the nicest the Drake got in the four days Relc was cooped up. Hickery showed up to practice red-eyed, but talking about a cupcake she’d been bought the next morning. Relc practiced, and hung out with Tesy, who brought snacks and…well. Looked at Relc and didn’t bring up the Watch problems.
Sellme did, though. Tesy didn’t bring it up, nor did Relc mention it, but rumors were everywhere of the image of the Watch menacing a crying Gnoll girl with a club. Of course, there the picture lied because Pos had only shouted and Hickery wasn’t holding a spear. But it was true enough.
“The Watch only protects Drakes! Who let the Shank Gang exist in the first place? Do we need foreign [Guards] to come and sort out Cellidel’s problems?”
Relc heard that one from a [Shouter], bellowing in a heaving tavern until the Watch broke up the gathering. The fact that he was there didn’t endear the others to the Watch, only him. Now a lot of people knew his name…and that he was suspended. It only made them angrier about it all, if the ‘one good [Guard]’ was in trouble for doing good things.
Unrest was growing. The [Rebel] class was easy enough to pick up. Of course, you had some experts who knew exactly how to deal with the Watch. Tripwire? No problem. Egg to the back of the head as they sauntered around? Easy. A foot to trip up chasers, a bucket from the rooftop…
But all the amateurs needed was encouragement, and something to be angry about. It started with being unhappy.
“What’s the answer here?”
Relc didn’t know. He thought he’d done something right. Tesy just shrugged. He poured a drink. Vok reached for it; Relc slapped his paw down.
“That’s for adults.”
“I am an adult!”
Relc eyed the sixteen year-old Gnoll.
“Have a half cup. Tesy and I will drink.”
“Tesy’s only two years older than me!”
“Yeah. And Tesy bought the wine.”
Tesy also knew how to drink. Relc and Tesy tapped wooden cups, and then Tesy sighed. He shook his head.
“You’re a good [Guard], Relc. But a few good [Guards] don’t cure the rot. It’s in the Watch; you’re the one who doesn’t fit in.”
Relc didn’t like that.
