8.34 R
Page 55
“Well, absolutely. Let’s scramble 6th Company. They were headed north, weren’t they? Wing Commander Embria, send word for the nearest company to escort Guardsman Relc! Dead gods, we can pay for a few wagons. How fast could we get a hundred [Guards] out through Pallass?”
Jeiss exploded as he slapped his claws on the table. Embria and Zevara straightened.
“If that’s the will of the Council, we could certainly have them turn.”
“Will of the Council? Damned right it is! What, are we not going to help?”
Alonna exclaimed. Tismel and Zalaiss closed their mouths. Elirr was already nodding.
“The problem is—it’s a long way. We can cover that. Security, transport…I just think Relc won’t get more than a few families. Which is a shame, but who’s going to uproot themselves and lose their homes, their city? No matter how bad it is…”
Alonna mused out loud. She shook her head. It was Lism who frowned and tapped at his lips.
“Yes…Guardsman Relc is clearly in the right here. Let’s send word at once. Wing Commander…?”
She was already out the door. Zevara breathed more easily at that.
“I say we tell them they’ll be safe. Offer them homes for a month. It’s the least we can do. We have all this room.”
“Free.”
Jeiss was nodding. Tismel began to object. But Lism threw a bowl at him. In the silence as the Cobbler’s Guildmaster dove under the table, Lism held up a claw.
“Wait. I have something. We have a…labor shortage. Cellidel is a city. It’s clearly an inferior city to Liscor, but every city has high-level individuals, doesn’t it? Good Gnolls. Drakes too.”
His head was turning. He was…scenting something. Sensing something, like a wolf on the plains, or a warrior hearing the distant thrum of battle.
Only, as a [Shopkeeper] sensed things. Lism’s eyes focused suddenly.
“Stealing.”
“What?”
Elirr glanced at him. Lism pounded the table with a claw.
“We do it in the markets! Get a good apprentice. Get a good worker! Stealing! We steal them!”
The other Councilmembers stared at him, not comprehending what Lism was on about. Ironically, it was Tismel who poked his head over the table and got it.
“We can’t do that! They’ll be furious!”
“What are they going to do? They’re about to implode! Dead gods, it’s brilliant! Doesn’t Invrisil do it? Let’s steal them all!”
He stood up, outlining his idea. The Council of Liscor leaned forwards…and Zalaiss and Alonna actually applauded. Zevara blinked. Then she grinned.
Senior Guardsman Relc called for backup from his city. And backup came. He was alone in Cellidel. But Liscor always had his tail.
 
—-
 
That was how, at the end of it all, Senior Guardsman Relc stared at the scrying orb. Vok was still arguing with his parents. Hickery’s family was on board, but while a lot of Gnolls had said they ‘might go with him’, the prevailing mood of Cellidel was just gloom.
Sellme was gone, and a lot of his followers, but the city was still gripped by chaos. Watch Captain Terigrals had accepted Relc’s transfer request with relief, despite the loss of Relc himself. When Relc had told him his plan, he’d laughed in Relc’s face and said ‘good luck’.
Who would follow even the [Guardsman of Trust] to another city? Uproot themselves? Risk it all? Maybe if Liscor was closer, perhaps. But they didn’t know Liscor. Relc was resigned to taking maybe sixty Gnolls at most. He’d been prepared to guard them himself, with Vok and a few trainees.
But then Embria had written back to him. Check the news this morning.
Relc did. He was already grinning when Drassi appeared. Wistram News Network had a local exclusive.
