8.34 R
Page 12
There were three keyholes on the cube, all far different from standard ones. He saw a large cylindrical hole at the base, and what might be a sliding panel on the side. His pulse skyrocketed. His claws trembled, like a [Drug Addict] seeing a chest full of powder.
“Bilt. This is the good stuff. This is only four gold?”
“It’s a mystery. I think the Archmage of Izril is putting these out as a sampler. She only made a hundred; I was on her list. So she gives these out, hooks people in, and they shell out for the next one. She’s been out of the business for ten years, but they said she was the best. What about it, Relc?”
The Drake was already opening up his money pouch. He paid one gold and two silver—all he could afford, and cutting into his food budget—and carried the cube back to his room. He had a project.
By the time he had to sleep—two hours past when he should—Relc had discovered the sliding panel revealed an inner mechanism, a fourth lock. There was even a lockpicking set attached and he worked at it for a good twenty minutes before he realized—of course! The lockpicking set didn’t match any of the four locks. So he inserted a curiously wavy pick of bronze into one of the tiny holes and opened up a slot with a green lens.
Then he had to go to sleep, but he was beaming as he did.
 
—-
 
“So, it’s got this green lens and it turns out that you have to shine light through onto this glass section for it to pop out a part of a puzzle. But, see, you have to have solved these two other pieces for the three to join up. So it’s a puzzle in a puzzle you have to assemble…”
The Watch Sergeant stared at Relc as he stood for muster. The other [Guards] had fingers in their ears.
“Dismissed!”
She tried to get him to leave twice before he went.
 
—-
 
…And I found out that it wasn’t actually sunlight I needed, or moonlight. See, to get the green lens thing to activate the mechanism, you need candlelight! Firelight! I have no idea how you do that kind of thing.
Anyways, once I did that, I was turning it over and over and that’s when I realized there was this little ‘clicking’ sound. So I thought—huh, I’ve done puzzles like that before! I realized you have to turn it around in the right order to get something inside to move. Like a little ball? I’ve gotten to left, right, back, back, up, left—but I keep messing up. Maybe it’s a diagonal?
IT WAS A DIAGONAL. Also, kid! There’s this glowing orb in the center! I think it’s a prize or something; there is no way this was worth two gold, or even four! I think this Archmage is a real puzzle-person. I’ve been up late and I think the lockpicks are meant to do more than that one part I wrote about.
See, maybe you dip them in water or something to get a code? This is like, combining every puzzle I’ve ever had. There was one where you dipped a tool in water in order to get a secret code you entered…
Wing Commander Embria stopped, with her claw at the paragraph, and skimmed down. Then she turned the page. And the second page.
“Nothing. He wrote you three pages on the blacksmithing puzzle before he got to me, Watch Captain?”
Zevara and Embria were comparing notes. The Watch Captain looked amused.
“At least he’s got a hobby. I never knew Relc did blacksmithing puzzles. Is he good?”
“I think he solved a Destrui puzzle once.”
“…A what?”
“A famous puzzle. Something like ‘there are less than ten thousand people who have ever solved it ever’. This [Merchant] gave him a bottle of wine. I think he got put on a list of people who…like puzzles.”
“Huh. I had no clue.”
