8.34 R
Page 52
There was a stone wall, some building right there. Tesy’s brush blurred, so fast even the Gecko was impressed.
[Speed Painting]! [Recreate Image]! [Art Becomes Reality]—
Tesy leapt through the hole in the wall. He raced through someone’s kitchen; a restaurant’s empty working area at this hour. He’d lose Relc. That idiot couldn’t predict which wall he’d come out of—
Relc came through the wall.
“SELLME. GET BACK HERE SO I CAN PUNCH YOU!”
“Get away from me!”
The [Magical Painter] had evaded countless members of law enforcement. He had never seen someone go through a wall like that. Relc didn’t even slow down. The world’s greatest [Guardsman] (self-proclaimed) charged after Tesy.
Both had movement Skills. Tesy whirled. [Evasive Dodge].
“Relc kiii—oh shit! You bast—”
Relc’s kick carried him into the hole in the ground. Tesy’s painted hole dropped him into the sewers and then the Drake tossed some white paint on it and the hole closed. Relc landed in the muck and darkness.
 
—-
 
“Oh no, oh no, oh—”
G8 and a group of [Anarchists] met Tesy. The [Magical Painter] was wide-eyed, terrified.
“Tesy! You lost the boot? Come on, why are you so worried?”
“He’s still after me! G8, he’s—”
Tesy grabbed his friend’s arms. G8, the female Gnoll, glanced over his shoulder. Her eyes went round.
“Oh, f—”
A Drake covered in tar, sewer crap, masonry, and eight more substances Tesy had drawn to slow him down, charged down the street.
“Sellme!”
Nothing had stopped Relc. Not the tarpit. Not the sewer trick. Not a brick wall that Tesy had drawn in the street. The [Magical Painter] ran on, screaming.
“Let’s stop this bastard! No one attacks Sellme! Come on! Down with the walls! D—”
Relc saw the [Anarchists], a group of eight, turn towards him, weapons in hand. He crashed into them and scattered them like pins, without slowing. One tried to stab him. He punched a face.
“Sellme!”
People turned. They saw a blurred face—some saw a leaping Gnoll, with a mustache and mask of bright colors. Others saw a female Drake with a hood and the words ‘Sellme’ stylized across the back. One saw a Human, someone else a Centaur.
Relc saw Tesy. He shouted the name as people turned, seeing the Gecko of Liscor running down the famous [Painter] who had caused so much trouble. The riots, the fighting came to a standstill.
 
—-
 
Why were they throwing things at him? It was all…all going wrong.
Tesy raced across the ladder on two buildings’ rooftops. Relc halted. He knew better than to try and cross the painted ladder. People were pointing up as the Gecko of Liscor eyed the thirty-foot gap, and Tesy.
“You’ve ruined everything, Relc! You’re not saving this city! I liked you! Why couldn’t you help?”
Tesy screamed at Relc. It was the truth. He felt betrayed. How long had Relc known?
Why hadn’t he arrested Tesy before? The Gecko snapped back as the [Magical Painter] wavered.
“You don’t even see what you’re doing! You’re making the situation worse!”
Sellme raised his paintbrush as if to throw it down.
“You think you’re helping? You can’t fix the Watch! You can’t solve everything with your stupid fists!”
“And you can’t solve everything by burning it down.”
Relc was calm. Well—he was still pissed, but he was used to being covered in filth. He eyed the gap. Sellme pointed at him.
“You can kill me, but you’ll never stop us! You—aaaah!”
He saw Relc race to the edge of the building and leap, using the spear as a vaulting pole. People below pointed up, scattering. Look! The Gecko leapt through the air in a graceful arc. He was flying! He was—
“Oh shiiii—”
