8.34 R
Page 56
“I’m in the City of Liscor, my home city, where I am interviewing Councilmembers Elirr and Lism, who are putting together a new law. Or act?”
“A new opportunity, Miss Drassi. And thank you for taking the time to interview us!”
Lism broke in. Elirr nodded. Drassi glanced at them and the camera, an excited look in her eyes.
“So what is this new law? I was told you’re…giving money to people moving to Liscor? That can’t be right.”
Elirr, [Councilmember] Elirr, the caption read under him, nodded in a stately way.
“That is exactly right, Miss Drassi. We have proposed and passed a new law that will grant money to anyone moving to Liscor to work. A modest sum for all, which goes up for a family. And your level. Anyone over Level 30 will receive a large stipend and free housing; everyone else will have rent-free housing for certain periods. If you possess some of the classes we are looking for, we can also offer more.”
Lism had been nodding rapidly. He jumped in, like the sales-Drake he was.
“We are talking real gold, in your claws. We want the best. We can afford the best. If you come from some Creler-infested city and you want to go to a real city where the Watch doesn’t beat you with clubs for sneezing? Come to Liscor!”
Every head turned to Relc. Somewhere, Watch Captain Terigrals was choking on breakfast. Lism had just said that live on the scrying orb. Relc could have…gotten someone else to kiss him!
“Wow. This is an opportunity. I’m told Magnolia Reinhart has done this with Invrisil. Are you basing it on her model?”
“Not exactly. We don’t need to copy Humans…not that Humans can’t do things right.”
Lism harrumphed, then caught himself. He gave the camera a strained smile and hurried on as Elirr sighed. The Gnoll looked at the scrying orb.
“This is a law we all agree on. Gnolls and Drakes. No matter where you are—Liscor is open. And I promise you, there is opportunity for all.”
He nodded into the scrying orb. Councilmember Elirr. He could have stood there and he would have said more than Lism and Drassi combined.
After a moment, Lism nodded. He clapped Elirr on the shoulder.
“…Thank you, Councilmember Elirr. I can’t say it better myself. We are doing this now, Miss Drassi, due to the opportunity and the vast monetary reserves we are just itching to spend. In order to make more money for Liscor! So we are delighted to pass our law. The Celli’delr Maurons law.”
“What a fancy name. Why is it called that?”
“Oh…just something we say in the Council now and then. So, as I was saying…”
Everyone else was frozen. Everyone in Cellidel. But there he stood, a huge Drake with a spear. Not a great mind, but a true mind, a true puzzle-solver. A Senior Guardsman.
And the Drake who would be leading the largest departure of Gnolls that Cellidel had ever seen soon. The city would protest, of course, but who was going to stop him?
The Gecko of Liscor. And Liscor itself would soon find more than just Cellidel’s Gnolls knocking on their gates.
Unexpected consequences. He didn’t care. He was just Relc. He saluted the sky, and Liscor, which was north. Not even that far north. It felt like another world.
“Thanks, Captain Z. That’s why you’re the Watch Captain.”
Senior Guardsman Relc of Liscor. Relc smiled. He prepared to go home. It would not be easy. Things would change.
He would change. He was changing. But at long last, Relc Grasstongue felt like he was a [Guardsman].
The Gecko got a new class.
 
[Trusted Sergeant of the Watch].
 
He was just a little…no.
He was really proud about that.
 
 
 
 
