8.34 R
Page 24
Terigrals glared at Relc, but he refused to release Shanker Ellic, on the grounds that he was a [Gang Boss] and any other arguments were stupid. Relc happily stood through the lecture about ‘backup’, and ‘evidence’ and tuned it out to his own theme song he ran in his head.
If you’re a Relc, do it like a Relc. Do it like an elk! Welk! Relc!
This wasn’t like the silly story Mrsha had tried to tell him about, where the ‘Watch’ or ‘po-lice’ of these Humans was corrupt. If you had a [Gang Boss]…you had a [Gang Boss] and a [Counsellor] was not a lawyer. Whatever that was.
There were some asterisks on the victory. For one thing, when it was announced, it was ‘a victory for Cellidel’s Watch’ that neglected to mention one Drake had done all the heavy lifting and the rest had just carted the others off to jail. Mind you—Relc didn’t envy whoever had to watch Halfblade. [Rogues] were hard to keep in a cell.
However, Relc got a parade. He got a grudging commendation from the Watch Captain, delivered by a more sincere Council who weren’t up on ‘reasons to hate Relc’. He got to hear them cheer him and felt good because the big gang was in jail, weren’t they? People like Tesy could see the Watch could do it if they had a Relc.
He was going to sleep in his apartment complex, but everyone had to stop and congratulate him. Vok gave Relc a wide-eyed look.
“You took out an entire gang? By yourself?”
He stared at Relc for injuries, but all of Relc’s were healed; the cauterized wounds from those daggers would take longer, but Relc was tough. The Drake gave him the Erin gesture she called ‘finger guns’.
“All about the spear. And hitting [Rogues] really hard into walls. You just need practice! Who’s coming for spear practice tomorrow, huh?”
His students all cheered. Relc looked around, beaming. Then he saw a pair of Gnolls waving at him.
“Senior Guardsman Relc. Have you seen Hickery?”
Relc realized that he hadn’t seen the Gnoll girl among the parade. He dropped his smile and the finger-guns.
“No. Is something wrong?”
The Gnoll parents hesitated. The father, whose fur was glistening with some kind of—what was it? Oil? Grease?—looked at his wife.
“She hasn’t come back yet.”
“Is she missing? I can go look—”
“No. We thought…”
The female Gnoll smelled of wood dust and had some on her fur, even a whorl of wood shavings. She looked at Relc.
“A [Guardsman] took her to the Watch House. Because of her spear. I think she was training in the courtyard. We thought…”
Relc glanced back the way he’d come.
“I can check. I’ll be right back.”
 
—-
 
The parents’ names were Orell and Maxireffa. They were a [Carpenter] and [Wagon Wright], respectively. Hence the grease on Orell’s fur. They had been new to Cellidel; their jobs could take them anywhere, but Hickery was young so they had wanted the safety of the walls; they were City Gnolls.
Relc knew all this because forty minutes later, a sobbing Hickery was in her mother’s arms. He’d led her out of the Watch House. There was shouting inside and Relc had to leave to return.
As it happened…a [Guard] had seen Hickery practicing with the spear. She had been hauled in four hours ago for possessing a weapon, and endangering others. Of course, children were hauled into the Watch House now and then for throwing stones through glass windows, and so on.
Relc wasn’t good with them, but Beilmark and some of the parents were a deft hand, and could get out whether there was trouble at home, or whatever was the cause. Sometimes there were repeat offenders.
