8.34 R
Page 37
He rubbed at his head. Four Gnolls, two Drakes. Species didn’t matter; they were all poor kids.
“So how do you stop that? I mean, if you want to be really…evil…the easiest way to stop crime forever is to kill you all. But I’m a [Guardsman].”
“Please don’t.”
A Gnoll girl whispered. There were six of them, but they were scrawny, underfed young adults. Relc? He was a six foot six tall Drake, who weighed twice as much as any two of them without his armor, with muscles that Magus Grimalkin had once called ‘impressive’.
Relc waved a claw.
“No, no. That’s just exploring every option. I had no idea what to do, but see, in Liscor, we actually have a system. If there were some brats like you who did this, we’d haul them off, and make you join the army, or work in a mandatory job for two weeks. You even get paid. It’s ingenious, you see? You might even get your class if you’re apprenticed to fillet fish for a month. Or you join the army…that’s how I got into it. Cellidel? I arrest you, and you’re always ‘criminals’.”
That was the Gnoll problem, in a way. You arrested a drunkard? They had a record and no one, Drake or Gnoll, wanted to hire a criminal. Nevermind that the offense was slight. And that was the other key. That little street-kid that Pos had grabbed he let go. Vok? He’d been ready to arrest Vok for having a tussle with his friends.
The street kid had stolen. Vok had arguably been in a fight with other people who were eager participants, he might have even been defending himself. In both cases, neither one was a huge criminal, but the difference was species.
Which was stupid. Relc laid this out for the six kids as he slapped the [Thug] into cuffs. The big Drake turned to the six, who’d dropped their weapons.
“So what’s my solution here? Do I go full-Relc and break some legs? Do I arrest you?”
They looked at each other, too afraid to say anything to the [Guardsman] who was clearly losing his mind. Relc sighed. He picked up the groaning [Thug] and looked at the kids.
“Alright. I can see we’re not getting anywhere. So.”
They tensed. Relc stared at them, terribly, frighteningly silent. Then he waved a claw.
“…Get lost. If I see you again, I’m arresting you.”
The six [Thieves] stared at each other. Relc glared. They fled. He turned to the [Shopkeeper], who was staring at her ruined shop and the weapons lying on the ground. Relc sighed.
“See, even if I do that, the damage is still done. So who pays for the shop? We’ve already lost gold, and so the problem with crime is—if it happens, we’ve already lost. But then again…”
 
—-
 
Relc’s head hurt. It hurt day and night. He was thinking so hard he thought his brain was going to come out his earholes.
People were dying. Two civilians were dead, and one [Soldier]. Relc had not been there; he’d arrested the [Thug] and heard about it. Of course, the army said the [Soldier] had died and they’d defended themselves.
Three people were dead. And everyone, Drakes and Gnolls, were turning on the army. And Watch.
‘Like the blood on your boots, you monster?’
Relc stared at the scrawl on his door in red paint. He chewed on the Prelon, glanced around. He saw a face duck back behind a corner. Tesy’s friend?
Relc shrugged. The half-eaten Prelon hit the graffiti-artist so hard it knocked them flat. Then he went inside and stared at the Gizeal Puzzle.
