8.34 R
Page 47
Naturally, people noticed. Watch Captain Terigrals barked at Relc about ‘unauthorized training of civilians’. Some people came calling, asking if ‘Vok’s Squad’ could come and just walk around to keep the peace.
It was like…the Watch. It was a second Watch.
In another story, in another time, they might have become a citizen-militia, a Watch of younger people, with actual inclusion of Gnolls. Relc might have found himself the Watch Captain of a better Cellidel.
…But he wasn’t. He was not Zevara, and Relc knew it. It was tempting, to expand Vok’s trainee squads, to chase the next level.
However, he was a [Sergeant]. He had never risen in Liscor’s army or the Watch because he was good at being…a [Sergeant].
Moreover, this might have worked if not for Sellme. The [Painter] and his followers were tearing Cellidel apart.
An entire block of houses went down to fire. Who started it? [Anarchists], the Watch or [Soldiers]? An accident? No one put it out because there was no unity. The city…was being lost. It wasn’t ‘someone died in an accident this week’. It was multiple people, dying of wounds, dying by being trampled, every day.
Relc had heard of cities falling. Sometimes to monster attacks, sometimes to war. This was the first time he had witnessed every stage of a city eating itself.
And he couldn’t fix it. He got further. He worked at the problem, but like the Gizeal Puzzle, there was a point where he ran into impossibility. There…Relc counted eight hours of fruitlessly being stuck on the puzzle.
There had to be an answer, surely.
 
—-
 
Tesy halted when he saw Relc. The Senior Guardsman lifted a cup.
“I’m buying this time. Come on in.”
The white-scaled Drake hesitated, then sat with Vok, across the bubbling pot of soup. It was over a small magical hot-plate that Relc had been lent.
“Smells good. Who made it?”
“Me. Vok’s mother gave us a nice soup stock. Prelon soup.”
“Dead gods, seriously?”
Relc burst out laughing. So did Vok, and they relaxed a bit. It had been a while since they’d met like this. But…well. Relc had invited Tesy and the [Painter] had finally agreed to rejoin their nightly—or daily—chats.
“Not really. It’s fish stuff. I have some Gnoll paste from Liscor. Nice stuff. I know how to cook one thing, a decent fish stew.”
“Really? I wouldn’t have guessed.”
The power of bachelors was not to be underestimated. Relc could make a decent fish stew! Spicy, with that lovely sour thrown in via the fish paste. Also? Relc’s secret ingredient was…butter. Just a bit of butter to make it rich.
It was an awkward meal in some places, at first. Tesy didn’t apologize. Relc didn’t bring up the [Anarchists]. Yet…there was a finality to the meal that Vok sensed. He didn’t know why Relc had invited Tesy.
They were on opposite sides. Vok didn’t know who Tesy was, but he guessed a high-level [Anarchist] who’d come to the city. He was almost completely right, and also wrong. Relc? Relc was the Senior Guard keeping this entire district from imploding.
They sat on opposite sides of the pot, making light conversation about the best kinds of fish. But then Relc put down his cup, offered the wine bottle around without giving Vok a half-cup like usual.
“Right then. Let’s talk. You know, Tesy, I’ve been talking to everyone about this Sellme thing. And the Watch.”
The [Painter] tensed slightly, his wine cup at his lips. He looked up at Relc, cool as a winter Prelon.
“Yeah? The Watch isn’t doing so well at keeping the peace.”
Relc smiled as Vok winced and tried to nudge Tesy. His eyes never wavered from Sellme’s face.
