8.34 R
Page 44
Tesy watched Senior Guardsman Relc from one of the balconies as Relc stood in the courtyard, the reduced trainees standing around him after dawn. Vok stood there too, his injuries healed. Relc had given him a healing potion.
The [Painter] couldn’t understand it. Was this the same Drake who people said stopped an entire company of Cellidel’s Golem-minded bastards from slaughtering innocent people? There was a name on the wind, on people’s tongues that hadn’t been said for a long time.
Gecko. A silly name to insult your enemy. But also…
The Gecko of Liscor.
Tesy watched the huge Drake as Relc just stood there, spear in hand. Thinking.
The four Gnolls who had taken the spears for violence, to join the mob, weren’t here. If they had shown their faces…Relc looked at Vok.
But he had helped defend this place. Little Hickery was here, despite all that had happened to her. His spear-training classes gave the kids something to do. But it was teaching them a deadly weapon. So was Pos right, or Relc? Was neither?
Relc was tired, stressed out, and he really just wanted to sit in an inn and toss popcorn at a little Gnoll girl while he talked to a young Human woman as she played chess, or just sat with him. He wanted to poke a grumpy Antinium and…laugh.
But he was here. So he stood there, mind blank, until he thought of something.
“Oh. Wait a second. I’ve been teaching you all wrong.”
His students and their parents, including Vok’s parents, who had taken time off work, all blinked at Relc. He didn’t know what they thought of him, this weird Drake who was teaching their kids how to fight. Vok’s parents…certainly hadn’t seen Relc at his best.
“Relc?”
Vok rubbed at his still-tender nose. The Senior Guardsman looked around. He could still feel the battle-rage, the same fury. That was the Gecko. No more. Not even if that was the Drake that Embria loved. He was the same kind of thing as the [Soldiers] ready to slaughter civilians.
“I’ve been teaching you all how to use a spear, guys. That’s…stupid. That’s my fault.”
“Aren’t you a [Spearmaster], Mister Relc?”
Hickery sneezed at the smells coming off him; he still hadn’t washed. Relc shook his head.
“I am. But you’re not. [Spearmasters] fight alone. Because we’re awesome. You’re not. You guys are kids. You’ve never fought a battle. You couldn’t beat one of those Cericel, even the weak ones.”
His students looked at each other. Was this ‘be mean to students day’? Relc went on.
“Vok nearly got himself killed because he tried to take on three guys. If it had been thirteen? He’d be dead.”
“I stabbed one!”
Vok protested, but weakly. Relc shook his head. He looked around with clear eyes. This apartment complex had been attacked. That was from looters, true, but how bad was it? The Watch fought with the mobs, and so did the army. No one was keeping order.
“Nah, nah. You’re doing it all wrong. I’m doing it all wrong. See, I can’t just teach you the spear. That’s…”
He stopped. Smiled sadly.
“…That’s just how you make a [Soldier]. A good one, but that’s all she knows. I should have…I should have taught her how to be a [Guard].”
Who was ‘she’? No one knew. Relc didn’t elaborate. He just looked around, then pointed.
“Hickery, you stand there. Right next to Vok. You, and you. Also next to him. Time for some lessons. Stand there. Spears up. That’s important.”
The students stood, confused, a group of four, side-by-side. What new spear-technique was that? Relc paced back and forth in front of them.
