8.34 R
Page 28
“As I was saying, since the New Liscorian Army is now going to war with Hectval, we have to support them. Food, supplies, finances, healing…well, we’ve agreed to it. The problem is…Drakepower. Manpower? What word is pan-species, Alonna?”
“Personnel.”
The [Mage] supplied. Lism clicked his claws.
“Exactly. We’ve lost good people against damned Hectval. More are joining the army. Well…that’s fine. [Soldiers] are needed. But that means other classes lose out. And we already sent a lot of our [Soldiers] to our other army…the one that’s not here.”
He glanced at Embria and she squirmed. The only Gnoll in the room raised his paw. And that was notable in Liscor—Zevara wondered if Cellidel could even imagine a Gnoll on their Council.
“I see that we have an issue, Lism, yes. But we are growing. New Humans come in every day, yes?”
“Not enough. I’ve done the numbers, Elirr. Hexel is building the new city…and that’s wonderful. We have so much gold being invested from Salazsar and Pallass of all places. It’s, well, it’s that damned [Innkeeper]’s fault.”
The room went still. Lism had invoked the name few brought up. The [Shopkeeper] went on, grading his papers against the table.
“Yes, it’s her fault. She made Liscor too popular as an investment place. So we have countless buildings going up—it might double the size of the city again! Not enough bodies to fill it. A problem of too much expansion! All her fault for giving us such an opportunity.”
His heart wasn’t in the insult. But Zevara saw the problem. Jeiss tapped the table.
“We’ll look into solutions. Right now, I’d like to go over Olesm’s plans again. I know we’ve done it, but let’s just take another look and see if there’s anything we can do as the Council.”
The others agreed. Embria was all too willing to pull up Olesm’s plans—he had left as [Strategist] leading the army. However, it was Zevara who coughed and raised a claw.
“Councilmembers, I’m afraid I must leave. I have some pressing work I must get to, and if we are just retreading strategy…”
The rest instantly nodded. Alonna smiled at Zevara.
“Of course, Watch Captain. Anything that need concern us? That we can help with?”
Zevara hesitated, and waved a claw. She lifted the missive from Relc.
“No. Just one of my Senior Guards. Guardsman Relc, on deployment to Cellidel. He has a small issue, so I just need to draft a reply.”
If I have anything good to tell him. Zevara was proud of Relc, but how was she supposed to help him? Tell him to drag all of Liscor over to Cellidel so she could slap some sense into that idiotic Watch Captain and their Watch? Find an Erin? The truth was…
“Relc? What’s happened to that oaf now? Don’t tell me he’s gotten hurt?”
Zevara blinked. Jeiss was standing up, concern on his face. Alonna, Lism, even the other Councilmembers looked up.
“Is Guardsman Relc alright? I hadn’t seen him around but I didn’t know he’d left the city.”
“Indeed. You need time? Take all the time you need, Watch Captain. He was always a bit obtuse, but a fine Senior Guard. Is he well?”
To Zevara’s surprise, the entire Council was concerned, even Zalaiss and Tismel. Senior Guardsman Relc was Senior Guardsman Relc. A face everyone knew in the city.
“He’s…well. It’s complicated.”
Zevara ended up telling them all about it. Lism hammered the table.
“Gnoll issues? Shouting at a child?”
He nearly spat fire himself. Elirr raised a weary eyebrow.
“Imagine that in a Drake city.”
His comment provoked intense, embarrassed silence, but Jeiss shook his head.
“I…taking on a Gang without support? That’s a problem.”
