8.34 R
Page 53
Wham. Tesy heard the impact. He winced, gazed down at the prone figure who’d gotten only about two thirds of the way across and hit the street. He turned, drew a slide, and went for the walls. Magical or not, he could draw a door out.
He was just finishing the door when he saw a blur coming his way. Tesy whirled. He raised his brush—
“Got you.”
Relc grabbed his wrist. The [Magical Painter] looked up into Relc’s face. Relc was panting, tired, and he’d smashed his face repeatedly into rocks.
But he’d won.
“I…you did it.”
Tesy tried to pull at his captor’s arm, but he knew he was caught. He would have used the brush, but Relc had it in his hand. Tesy stared at Relc in defiance.
“You got Sellme. Congratulations, Relc. You win.”
“You idiot. I never wanted Sellme. If I thought arresting you would have helped, I would have done it a long time ago. Maybe it would have, but it didn’t fix anything.”
“Well—well, you’ll never fix the city! You can hide your guilt, the guilt of the Watch, but everyone will see your true colors! Arrest Sellme and—”
“Gah. Shut up! [Relc Headbutt]!”
Relc had had enough of Tesy’s rhetoric. The thwok of two heads meeting echoed loudly in the alleyway. Tesy went cross-eyed. He shouted through the pain.
“You can silence me, but you can’t silence—”
Twock! Tesy bit his tongue. He opened his mouth. Relc bent his head back. Tesy cowered, trying to shield his head.
“Are you done?”
Sellme stared up at Relc. The Senior Guardsman panted. He looked at Tesy. Just…just an angry kid. He wasn’t like Erin at all. But he sort of was. Relc raised the Fist of Relc, debating one punch for the wall of brambles, the sewer trick, the brick wall.
Then he lowered it. Relc let go of Tesy’s arm.
“Get out of the city. If you come back, I’ll tell everyone who you are.”
Sellme staggered back. His brush went up, and he traced a brick so fast Relc was amazed. His brush didn’t need to be dipped to change the colors of paint. That was the trick. Then Tesy stopped.
“You’re…letting me go?”
He was incredulous. Even angry. Relc Grasstongue looked him in the eye. He glanced back at Cellidel. Miserable Cellidel. Cellidel, which was still on fire. Still in chaos. He pointed at Tesy.
“Yeah. Like I said—if I thought I could fix Cellidel by arresting you, I would. But the problem is…you’re right. Sellme is an annoying brat. A stupid [Magical Painter] with a stupid brush and a stupid face.”
“Hey—”
Relc kept talking. He stomped on the ground, shouting.
“But he’s not why Cellidel is broken. I get that! So…you’re useless. Cellidel can’t be saved by you, and arresting you fixes nothing. So get lost. Think about what you’re doing.”
Tesy gaped at him. He looked…angry.
“You think I’m nothing? I’m Sellme!”
“You’re a pain in my tail. Don’t make me hit you. Get out of here.”
The Senior Guardsman retorted. Tesy hesitated. Common sense might have been interjected into his brain via multiple headbutts…or he just knew he couldn’t do anything. If Relc told Terigrals who Sellme was, his picture would be over every city and that was that. He backed up towards the wall, already flicking his paintbrush and outlining a door.
Yet he had to, just had to turn back, as a blue door with a handle appeared and he opened it.
“You’re going to save Cellidel after I leave, is that it?”
“Tesy—I swear to the Ancestors, I will break your tail. Ever had a broken tail?”
The [Magical Painter] yelped and jumped through the door. Even so, he peered balefully out of the door, prepared to slam it.
“You and I both know Cellidel is rotten. What are you going to do, Relc?”
