8.34 R
Page 35
The Drake knew that the [Painter] was inside. He had heard voices before he began knocking. Multiple voices.
“Tesy, it’s Relc. I am not on duty. I need to talk to you.”
He heard a voice from within. A loud whisper before it was silenced.
“It’s the fucking boots!”
Relc sighed. No guesses on who was keeping company with Tesy. ‘Boots’ was a name for the Watch. He knocked harder.
“Tesy, I have to talk to you! Something’s happening!”
“I’m busy, Relc. Go away!”
“No.”
There was a moment of silence. Then Tesy snapped back, in his usual way.
“Well, this is my room, and I’m not opening the door. By law, the same law you protect, you can’t come in. So knock as much as you want and I’ll call the Watch. Or the [Landlord]. Oh, wait. What a coincidence—”
There was laughter from within. Relc lost his patience. He stepped back.
“I am going to kick down this door in three seconds. Three.”
“Whoa, is he serious?”
“Relc!”
Vok yelped. Tesy had gone silent within. It might have been an idle threat from anyone else; cheap as they were, the doors were still…doors. Relc? One look at his face made everyone step back.
“Two! One!”
“Alright alright!”
Tesy yanked open the door. He glared up at Relc. Half a dozen figures ducked back, warily, as Relc folded his arms. Relc thought he even recognized two.
“You’re breaking the law. How dare—”
“Under the law, I can open any door I need to. Martial law has been declared, Tesy. The Watch isn’t the only force on the streets. Six companies of the army have been called in.”
Vok and the others listening gasped. Tesy stared up at Relc. Relc watched the [Painter]’s expression. He wasn’t surprised. Nor were the others. They stirred, almost eagerly.
“The boots are getting the Golem-brains as backup. Oh wow, are we supposed to be scared?”
Golem-brains? It must mean ‘soldiers’. Relc got the insult. He stared at the group inside. They didn’t seem nervous. But then—they might be like Tesy. The best at what they did.
“Is that all? I don’t see why you’re warning me.”
“I know who you have in there.”
Relc saw the group tense. He stared past Tesy and spoke for everyone to hear. He looked at Tesy, really looked at him.
“The Watch are not [Soldiers], Tesy. We’re not great. But do you think the army is better? There will be [Soldiers] on the streets, and they know nothing about crowd-control. They know how to fight. The instant someone throws a bottle of fire at them, they’ll attack back.”
“And that’s different from the Watch, how?”
A Gnoll sneered. Relc glared past Tesy; the Gnoll had a black eye and a wet cloth over it.
“Watchmen don’t use their blades on civilians. It’s going to be ugly. Tesy, if you know anyone who’s…making this worse, tell them not to lead civilians straight into Cellidel’s army. Not unless you’re trying to get innocent people killed.”
Tesy stiffened. So did the group behind him.
“You think we’re stupid, Guardsman? We know how to fight—”
Someone kicked the speaker. Relc just stared past Tesy.
“I just bet. But everyone else in a mob doesn’t. Vok—that goes for everyone here. Keep inside. It’s going to get worse.”
The army wasn’t a sign order was restored. It was a sign things had gone from bad to worse. [Soldiers] were bad at keeping order, as Relc had said. And even if they did bring in twice as many companies? They were still outnumbered. It just meant the [Soldiers] would fight civilians. Sure, they might be better at that, but it meant Cellidel was going to war with itself.
“Is that all, Relc?”
Tesy glared up at him. Relc nodded.
