8.34 R
Page 8
The Drake practiced with the kids, watching them, and noting who came and who didn’t stay. He mostly watched the older ones; already, one group had been arrested for having the practice spears he now collected after the dawn session and entrusted to Vok. The Watch did not like potential [Spearfighters] being levelled.
Was he doing good here? Was he needed? Well, in another time, Relc thought this would have been a pleasant diversion. He would have stuck around for a month, gotten frustrated, punched some idiot, and been sent to Liscor and that would be that.
Cellidel had problems with Gnolls. Grass was green. That was how common it was, and Relc might have given up and gone to his city he missed so much. To Erin…he closed his eyes.
“Ow.”
Hickery stabbed him in the stomach as he failed to block one of her stabs. He shrugged, rubbed at the spot, and went back to absent-mindedly blocking her. He couldn’t do it blind anymore; she was a natural.
In other times, Cellidel’s system would just make life miserable for the Gnolls, many of whom might quit the city or just…endure. Endure, until they tired or snapped or left or were killed. However, these were not normal times. Cellidel had met the balancing force to everything the Drakes had. The thing that made the streets tenser, that put Relc’s scales on edge. Why he stayed. Cellidel had a nightmare that was bringing all these things to light. And that nightmare was called Sellme.
An observer was watching the spear drills. As he always did. He was a pale white Drake, his clothes those of a [Scribe]; neat, tidy, as white as his scales, which had only the slightest hints of yellow and pink.
Sellme was small. Shorter than Selys, even. He was slight and young; if he stood next to Relc, he looked like an actual child. His face, though, was often combative for someone of his stature, and when he was angry, his slitted rose eyes flashed and his tail would slap the ground.
He smelled of an earthy cologne, the kind of thing you wore to hide real bad smells. Not of acrylic paints, and his robes never had any color. It was a good guise; if Relc hadn’t seen him before, he would have never guessed that this was the [Magical Painter], Sellme.
“Yo, Tesy. Want to pick up a spear today? We’ve got light ones! You could be pretty good!”
Relc shouted. The young Drake man made a face.
“No, thank you. I need my hands for writing!”
Drawing. Relc wondered if there were traces on Tesy’s scales which made him reluctant to practice. Then again, it could just be Relc. Relc was a [Guardsman]. Tesy was Sellme and he had opinions on the Watch. He seemed to like Relc.
“Hey, I was on the beat all night. Not actually beating more than a few [Drunks]…”
Relc winked at Vok. He turned his head, pretending to look around.
“…Anyone seen a new Sellme? It’s getting pretty hot on the streets.”
That was putting it lightly. Each painting caused a bigger scene. Sellme exposed corruption and there was a lot of it in Cellidel, like every city. [Merchants] had fled, laws had been passed, and the Watch was being screamed at by powerful people who did not want to be the target of the next Sellme painting. Monsters were being unveiled…often to mob justice.
People had died because of what Sellme had drawn on a wall, or a bridge, or even the street. Yet what they really wanted, many people, what was boiling under the surface, was the Gnoll conflict with the Watch. Relc had already seen large protests that the Watch had broken up—always when he was off-duty.
