8.34 R
Page 17
A Level 40 [Thug] like those Gentlemen Callers could wipe out two squads of Senior Guards. Did Tesy want them to risk being slaughtered? Rather, if this was the problem, it wasn’t that the Watch didn’t care, it was that they couldn’t do what they wanted to.
That was it. The Watch could take on the Gangs, but it just wasn’t practical to ask them to. Besides which, everyone knew the Gangs had laws of their own. They knew when to lie low—the smart ones, at least. In a sense, they were better to deal with than a bunch of random criminals; you could always smack the gang because they were a target.
“I wish I could think of these things when I’m arguing! Argh!”
Relc growled to himself. Mister Soot was a good example. Liscor had a good Watch. It had a better Watch than Cellidel’s, and Mister Soot had been there as long as Relc had been in the Watch. He was just…untouchable. He kept his illicit activities hidden for the most part, and the Watch, including Zevara, could never nab him.
Put another way—Mister Soot’s gang would never trouble Erin Solstice or Selys while they were about their business. They were criminals, yes, but they were inconspicuous ones.
Tesy wanting the Watch to take them on? Well. Relc stared at the Sellme illustration grimly. The crowd was not happy and he was glad he had his badge off.
“It’s the Shank Gang. It has to be about them.”
“Who?”
Relc interrupted a muttering pair. The Drake and Gnoll glanced at him warily, but one explained.
“They rule this district. They mug people, rob others. The Watch has never gotten rid of them. They barely patrol near their base.”
The Senior Guardsman frowned.
“They have an actual base? And no one stops them?”
“Who’s going to? They have…a Face. You know, one of their high-level gang members? Who’d take them on? Not the damn Watch patrols. Those murdering…”
“Shh. They’ll hear you!”
Relc stood there, chewing on his lip. He stared at the painting. There was the [Guard], arresting a scrawny little [Thief] stealing a Prelon, while a huge thug beat down on a Gnoll reaching out for the [Guard] who was clearly ignoring them. You had to hand it to Sellme; it was well-done. And about as subtle as Tesy.
 
—-
 
So it was a bad gang. And a high-level criminal. Relc was stuck on his Gizeal Puzzle. He poked at it, listlessly, thinking that morning.
Trouble was, Tesy was right about this gang. That wasn’t how Mister Soot operated; if his gang attacked people, it was usually rival gangs. The other trouble?
Well, it was sort of a self-inflicted wound. Like someone shooting their own foot with an arrow. Cellidel’s Watch patrolled some parts of the city more than others. It just so happened that the Shank Gang occupied a Gnoll district. Perhaps because of the gang—or maybe the Watch’s inattention caused it.
“Ancestors damn it, do you think about this kind of problem? Huh? Terigrals?”
Relc growled, and raised a fist to punch the cube. He stopped, sighed.
He didn’t think of this kind of thing. His head hurt. Relc had never thought about the implications of taking down a gang; he left that kind of thing to Zevara. Just point Relc at a problem and let him loose.
Now, though? If Gnolls thought the Watch didn’t protect them, they had every right to be mad. How did you fix a city? Fix a Watch that wasn’t liked, and the people who didn’t trust them? Relc sat there, and his heart began to pound with anxiety and fear. But he had a thought.
You had to restore their trust. Show them, show Tesy that the badge meant something.
 
—-
 
