8.34 R
Page 46
And Vok. And the squad of older Gnolls and Drakes holding their spears. Relc waved at the confuzzled people.
“Hey there. I’m just introducing myself. Senior Guardsman Relc. These are the uh, Apartment Trainees. They’ll be patrolling the block, so if you see them or hear a shout, watch out!”
Apartment Trainees? Vok had a piece of cloth on his head. Just a white headband. That mattered.
“Why are we knocking on doors, Relc? Shouldn’t we be practicing?”
“That’s only half the job, Vok. Sure, fighting is good. But the guy who punched you didn’t know you were on his side, right?”
“Right…”
Relc gestured at the family staring at Vok from within their small apartment. He had never met them before in his life, and had been tickled to see a Human. He nodded at them.
“Now they know who you are, and that you’re a good guy. That’s guardwork.”
And that was what Cellidel’s Watch lacked. Mind you, they were still far above the handful of rookies that Relc had decided to teach, but it beat them getting into trouble themselves. And they would; it was dangerous everywhere. If they were going to get hurt, Relc would prefer they had a fighting chance.
That was how he found himself giving them a crash course in, well…being a [Guard]. He roared to a large group, many of whom were forbidden from actively patrolling. Only those over sixteen could do that, but Hickery and children as well as interested civilians all attended his lecture.
“Listen up! You are not full-time [Guards]! You’re rookies! You are not instated by the city, and there aren’t enough of you. You have no armor, not enough training—so you’re defending this street. You don’t run out. You don’t break formation. And?”
He looked at Vok. The crowd chorused as one.
“You don’t lose your squad!”
“Exactly! So when you see trouble, you call in backup. You fall back until you’re safe. Not ‘we might win or lose’, but safe. You don’t pick fights, you just hold them off. Got it? If some bastards come calling, form up at the entrance to the plaza—here. Right by the gates. People on the higher floors chuck stuff at them. They’ll have to climb over the walls or go through you, and either way, they’ll run into a lot of spears. You can hold off an actual army like that. As long as they don’t have [Mages]. But if you do this? No mob or band of looters can get at you.”
What was he doing? Relc had no idea. He was forming a Watch out of kids and civilians. Yet…he had to. Law was failing, so in response, Relc made one in his apartment complex. He shouted at them, organized them into shifts and squads, and made sure they could hold off at least a Level 5 [Fighter] mob or make them think twice.
Exhausted, Relc lay down, too tired to even stare at that damned Gizeal Puzzle. He closed his eyes.
 
[Guardsman of Trust Level 22!]
[Skill – Squad: Incorruptible Watchmen obtained!]
 
“What?”
 
—-
 
[Guardsman of Trust], Level 24. That was Relc Grasstongue after a week. He didn’t understand it.
It wasn’t the fighting. It wasn’t facing down the mobs.
It was training Vok and the kids, and seeing them actually run off bands of opportunistic thieves, people preying on the weak during the chaos that did it.
Relc got one more Skill.
[Squad: Unity’s Coordination]. He assigned both to Vok’s ‘squad’, and the result was when one of the squad jabbed, they all did. They moved in lock-step, almost as good as a regular squad of [Guards].
