8.34 R
Page 31
“No. They started it and they cause it to get worse. These days? I think many young Gnolls—and Drakes—are fed up. Cellidel was never perfect. Sellme is the crest of a wave, Guardsman Relc. But not the body of it. This is just Gnolls who are tired.”
Relc looked at the silver Gnoll. He leaned forwards, urgently.
“How can we fix it?”
Relin took his time in replying. When he did, he smiled, ruefully.
“I would have been so happy to talk to you a month ago, Guardsman Relc. Before? I would have said this: put us on the Council. Put us on the Council, even just one Gnoll, and we’ll see hope. Give us a fair spot. Put more Gnoll Senior Guards in the Watch! Maybe not as Watch Captain; I understand Drakes would be hesitant if it looked like we were taking over. But give us a say in places that matter. Do that, and we’re already further ahead than we’ve ever been.”
Relc was writing this down. This was exactly what Zevara had said. Come to it…his claw slowed.
This was what the Silverfangs had done in Liscor. He looked at Relin.
“If you got…let’s say. Three slots on the Council, uh, a third of the Senior Guards in the Watch as Gnolls. Would that stop the riots?”
The [Cafe Manager] sat there. He looked at Relc, and sighed, putting his tea cup down, untouched.
“We’ve waited a long time, Guardsman Relc. That would be progress. That would be more than I could dream of, realistically. Are you asking if it would stop the riots? Maybe. Probably. Is it enough? Never. But if we had that, I could believe Cellidel would get better. Give us hope. Give us tangible progress. That’s what we’re lacking. Without it? This.”
He waved a paw at the burnt wreckage. Relc nodded slowly. He stared at the list. How was he supposed to get Senior Guards into the Watch? There weren’t enough active-duty Gnolls to even fill that slot, and Senior Guards needed mass approval.
If we got Gnolls to vouch for them…it would probably fit the requirements. But you need more Gnolls or you won’t get the right ones. Not everyone can be a Senior Guard. So you need more Gnolls in the Watch. But who wants to join up when Pos is there? As for the Council?
His head hurt. But he felt like there was something there. At least he had Relin’s perspective. That was something.
“Thank you, Honored Relin. Can I call on you again? To ask more questions?”
“Any time, Guardsman Relc. I hope you can help. And if I can say—”
The two were rising and shaking hands when Relc saw the quiet, practically empty cafe’s back doors open. A voice called out.
“I can still smell her, father. It’s—it’s in my mind. I can still—”
A Gnoll came stumbling out of the back, far younger than Relin himself. He looked pale, haunted. His fur smelled of soot and some of it was burned along his paw and legs. Relc stopped. Relin turned quickly.
“Ashel, we have a guest. Senior Guardsman Relc, my son. He’s been resting. Go inside, Ashel.”
The young man had stopped the instant he saw Relc at the table. One look conveyed so many things. Sudden terror, apprehension, guilt…
Relief? Then the young man started. Relin stepped over, guiding Ashel back. Relc stood there.
Oh no. Suddenly, a few things Relin had said, his certainty, fit into place. Relc stared at Ashel. Burnt fur? I can smell her?
When people thought of crimes, they used to think of the [Serial Killer] Relc and Klbkch had caught one time. Yet even that was gathering a bit of evidence, seeing a pattern, and waiting.
Many crimes? They were…easy. If there were hard crimes, it was career-criminals who knew how to run and hide.
“Mister Ashel, isn’t it?”
