8.34 R
Page 40
People screamed. He was hitting them hard. Not hard enough to break bones, but only just. A few began to run forwards. They ended up on the ground, curled up. One tried to charge and ran into a spear that hit them so hard in the knee they curled up, clutching at it.
The spear-holders saw Relc standing there. Just…standing. Daring the crowd to advance. He hadn’t even used his Skills. If he reversed the spear, if he used [Spear Flurry]? Could they even get close to him before he killed them all? They would have to climb over the dead bodies impaled by that spear.
“That’s your last lesson.”
The Drake spoke, and the Gnoll kids started. As if he could read their minds. They looked at the spears they held. Then…
At the [Spearmaster]. Relc stood there, holding down the entire street. No one could block, or dodge, that simple thrust that broke every block, and was impossible to knock aside. A spear thrust.
“Drop them.”
Three spears hit the ground. The crowd backed up. Relc picked up the four spears, letting the last trainee he’d knocked down stumble away.
“Relc. Aren’t you going t—”
The Watch had seen the entire tableau take place. They looked after the four spear-wielders as they hurried off. Their instinct was to arrest them.
Relc held up one of the spears he’d made for them. A good, strong shaft of wood…with a shard of glass attached. Was there blood dried on the tip? He stared at it. Then—held it out lengthwise, and flexed it with his arms.
The spear cracked. He snapped it with a grunt. Tossed it down.
The [Guards] stared as Relc did the same with the other three spears. Someone muttered an uneasy oath.
You…should not have been able to do that to a spear. Not with regular strength.
“Let’s keep working.”
Relc walked back to them.
No one said a word. Especially about going after the other trainees.
Relc marched with them in silence. He needed to go home. He needed…his partner.
Klbkch. Not the Slayer. Not Klbkch the Revalantor. Good old Klbkch. Relc was a Drake alone. In this moment, he was with the Watch. But a Senior Guard needed a partner.
Klbkch could have stopped that idiot instead of me needing to break her leg. He’d have tripped her up. He’d be the one telling me not to teach kids how to use deadly weapons. He’d…have a solution. 
I miss Klbkch.
In that moment, Relc realized something. He missed Klbkch. Needed his buddy.
Possibly…perhaps…Klbkch needed Relc too. To be the relaxed guy. To be the Drake instead of the uptight Antinium. To tell him Pawn was okay. Relc should have been a better buddy, rather than let Klbkch get to where he had. He’d leaned on Klbkch so long that without him, Relc kept falling over.
Maybe the two friends needed each other. That was a nice thought. Could Relc send him a letter? Did the Antinium take mail? Maybe—
“Help! Help!”
The screaming made Relc break out of his thoughts. He saw the Watch halt, in confusion.
A rush of people were charging down the street. Reflexively, the Watch brought up their shields and clubs, but they weren’t here to fight.
They were running. Relc saw masks, helmets and hoods askew, tools to keep them from being identified forgotten. People running, blood on their clothing. Blood, open cuts, wounds…
He heard a familiar roar behind them. Voices raised in anger, until you forgot there were words.
Cellidel’s army came down the street, [Soldiers], Drakes advancing in tight-knit formation, blood on their blades, following the crowd they’d clashed with.
“Ancestors!”
