8.34 R
Page 2
Today he marched along with his head on a swivel, eyes sharp, but not focusing too long on any one thing. Unfocused even; he had eyes in the back of his head too. Relc also had one more thing.
Over his plain leather armor, worn but carefully maintained and patched, and chainmail undershirt was a gleaming icon. A polished bit of metal, more ornate than the regular [Guards]’. A badge. It gleamed in a way that caught the eye. More than light allowed. Like…a promise. Trust.
[Guardsman of Trust]. [Wear My Integrity]. That was his new class, and one of his two new Skills. Relc walked down the street, on his own beat. However, he didn’t loaf around like normal. He hummed, and some people murmured—especially those of a furry persuasion.
They’d heard there was a new [Guardsman] in Cellidel. A new, new [Guard] who did things that had earned the ire of the rest of the Watch. Moreover, who had a class.
Someone you could trust. Of course, they also picked up what Relc was humming, which either added to or diminished the Drake’s reputation depending on how you looked at it.
“♫ Boom, boom, bum, dum, if you’re a Relc, you do it right. I’m a Relc! Relc, Relc, Relc—something something rhymes with elk. ♪”
How did Bird do it? Relc hummed to himself, pumping his arms and inhaling the fresh…evening…air. People were packing up, getting off the streets, groaning and tired from jobs worked all day.
By contrast, Relc had just woken up. He was used to changing when ‘morning’ was though, so he was fresh. The city of Cellidel was winding down. People were going to the bars, following the colorful paint on wood, or sounds of merriment and drink in the air. They were relaxing, taking their time off, and then slumbering for the next day.
…Of course, that was when work for the Watch picked up. People tired or who’d worked hard got snappy. Drink only exacerbated problems. So, amid the hubbub, the shouts of people navigating the street and driving wagons, talking, gossiping, laughing or arguing, you’d soon hear that familiar cry.
“Guards! Guards!”
…Actually, no one ever shouted that. They usually shouted, ‘help’, or ‘I need a [Guard]!’. Or if they really felt eloquent, ‘dead gods, someone save me, I’m going to be murdered’!
Then the nearest patrol or numerous ones would run, or walk, or sprint if they heard the whistle that meant someone was in trouble wearing their uniform. Relc was used to it all. However, before he heard that cry, someone sought him out.
“G—Senior Guardsman Relc?”
He slowed. Turned. The Drake looked over at a nervous Gnoll. She was a young woman; she might not have even been two decades old. He blinked at her.
“Can I help you, Miss?”
She hesitated, looked around, and nodded as a few more people glanced his way. Relc saw her hurry forwards and lower her voice. He had to lean in to even hear it; possibly other Gnolls wouldn’t have heard her.
“I…I was told you are a good Senior Guardsman, who helps people.”
“I’m a Senior Guard. That’s what I do.”
“Yes, but…”
The Gnoll girl hesitated again, and this time more palpably. Relc took pity on her.
“How can I help you, Miss? I’m here to help.”
She nodded a few times. Then a few more…she was clearly nervous. Apprehensively, she looked around, but then bit her lip. She could not keep it silent. So she leaned in, in a way Relc had grown to recognize, and whispered.
“I’d like to report a crime. Um…there’re some drunkards in a pub. Where I work. Only…well, they’re drunk.”
She looked at him. Relc straightened.
“Disorderly?”
“Yes. Not violent, but we can’t get them out so the [Pub Owner] sent me to…”
