8.34 R
Page 16
Relc slowed in picking up a slice of buttered bread, his dinner. His eyes focused on Tesy.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“So uh, it’s been nice weather of late, right? Nearly turning to fall.”
Vok tried to interject, playing two cards hurriedly that joined into one as they glowed. Tesy ignored the comment. So did Relc. The [Magical Painter] leaned forwards, tail lashing agitatedly.
“Why did no one fix the problem with the Sewer Manager before? He was investigated? The problem was here for months before Sellme arrived. Over a year and a half! Where’s the Watch when you really need them? Sure, you stop small crimes. What about actual gangs getting people killed? There’s a p—”
He hesitated. Relc’s head moved up sharply. Tesy went on, claws suddenly tight on his cards.
“There’s a new Sellme on that corner with the domed building. Brand new.”
Vok and Relc’s heads rose. Vok blinked, excited. Relc just looked at Tesy.
“What’s it about?”
“Crime. Some [Guard] looking the other way and lecturing a low-level [Thief] while a real monster beats down someone for coin. You know that section of the city? The one past the big [Butcher]’s shop down—whatever they call it—Brassflame Way?”
Relc’s pulse was steady, but it upticked a bit.
“I know it. Tough neighborhood.”
Tesy smiled bitterly.
“Well, it’s not patrolled by the Watch nearly as much as other places, is it? The Gangs rule there. Where’s the Watch then, Relc?”
The Drake slowly picked up his bread, and bit into it. He chewed, slowly, determinedly.
“The Gangs are dangerous. Good [Guards] die every year—in Cellidel and Liscor—fighting them. You want to tell a patrol to go into a place where someone will take a crossbow and aim at them? We keep the peace, but the Watch isn’t the army.”
“Well, they should send the army in, then.”
“The Gangs’ll go to ground. They’ve done it before. If you send a huge force, they run. Small ones? They take shots at you. You have to work at it. That’s why—”
Tesy snapped. The Drake hurled his handful of cards at Relc.
“Well, you’ve got an answer for everything, don’t you? This is why Cellidel has problems, Relc! This is why Sellme’s here!”
Relc brushed a card off his lap as the Drake stormed out of the room. He sat there, head lowered, staring at the last piece of bread, the heel. He only moved when he heard a sound. Vok nervously, nervously laid down a card, fidgeting.
Relc had completely forgotten the young Gnoll was here.
 
—-
 
Senior Guardsman Relc thought about Tesy’s argument later that evening, during his patrol.
Obviously, Tesy was young so Relc had let him storm off. Throwing cards in someone’s face wasn’t exactly the most mature way of ending an argument. Then again…he had a point and he didn’t.
Organized crime plagued every city. From Terandria to Chandrar…even Rhir, although Relc bet they kept their heads down. The fact was that the Watch could never stamp them out.
Maybe in that nation everyone was talking about—Khelt—maybe you could. But you’d need eyes on every street, and the willingness to kill anyone who broke the law—or deal with it some other way.
The Watch? Well, here was how to look at it. Relc was the highest-levelled [Guard] in all of Liscor. In all of Cellidel. Perhaps all of Izril, frankly. No one besides a Watch Captain was close to his level, and he had two classes…three, now, with [Guardsman of Trust] that were high-level. A Level 20 [Senior Guard], which was the baseline requirement for the rank, could not run up against the worst criminals in Izril.
